f RUSSIAN CHIEFTAIN; TO WHOM GENERAL. KUROPATK1K HAS INTRUSTED
THE TASK OF HARASSING THE JAPANESE ADVANCE TOWARD THE
I MAIN POSITION OF THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF. " .
I" PACKERS WHOSE GREAT PLANTS
ARE TIED UP BT A STRIKE OF
EMPLOYES.
Continued on Page 2, Column 2,
War News Continued on Pago 3.
Continued on Page ; 3, Column ', 1 .
Comptroller Authorizes Organization
of -Institution With Capital
Stock of $50,000.
WASHINGTON, July » 12.— The
Comptroller has authorized the First
National Bank of Santa Mario. Cal.,
to organize. Its capital is $50,000.
The organizers are John Houk. il.
Fleisher, A. ildN'ell aa4 Rauben Hart*
TOWN OF SANTA MARIA
TO HAVE NATIONAL BANK
NEW ORLEANS. July 12. — Advices
received to-day by the agents of the
steamboat Chalmette. which struck a
snag below Natchez last night, say
the boat with ' its cargo will . prove a
total loss. The steamer was bound to
St. Louie with a cargo valued at $30.
000 and with about forty New Orleans
passengers en route to the exposition.
The vessel was valued at % 50.000. No
five* were lost
steamboat Cnalmette, Bound From
New Orleans to St. Louis, Strikes
Obstruction Below Natchez.
LOSS OF EIGHTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS CAUSED BY SNAG
NEW ORLEANS. J.aly 12. — Creole
ponies from the prairies of Southwest
ern Louisiana and broncos from the
plains of Texas may be seeing war ser
vice within two months. It is learned
that a Texas firm has been approached
by Minister Takahira of Japan with
a view to procuring 100,000 head of
hoises of the' type now, used by the'
Japanese cavalry.
, The Creole, ponies and Texas broncos,
with wonderful staying qualities, easily
fed and- kept,, are considered ideal
mounts for the Japanese ' sabermen
and it Is understood that negotiations
have been opened with the traffic" de
partment of the Southern Pacific Rail
road for a large number of stock cars
so that everything'may be in readiness
to rush tlie ponies to San Francisco
and thence by ship direct. to Korea,
JAPAN BUYING BRONCOS.
LONDON, July 12. — Lady Marjorie
Gordon, only daughter of the Earl of
Aberdeen, formerly Governor General
of Canada, was married In London to
day to John Sinclair, M. P., and a
former captain of the Royal Irish
Lancers. The Archbishop of Canter
bury. Dr. Davidson, officiated. The
church -was filled with distinguished
persons. Sinclair was Lord Aberdeen's
aid de camp* when the Earl was Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland In 1SS6 and was
secretary to the Earl in 1S33-95
when the latter was Governor General
of Canada.
Archbishop of Canterbury Unites in
Marriage John Sinclair and Lady
Marjorie Gordon.
MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT
WEDS EARL'S DAUGHTER
r-TOKIO, July 12.— The Japanese Ta
kushan army, is moving northwest from
Sluyen. It fought a series of small bat
tle* with the Russians. on July 9 and
10. The army is divided into two col
umns, which advanced, against the
Russians! ' When the first column ap
proached Chiekuanching. the Russians
retreated southwest through the vaN
ley, but at 5 o'clock in the evening
they took up a position on the 'heights
west of Chouchiachang. The Russians
were dislodged at- dusk, when the sec
ond Japanese column- advanced j along
the' road toward Tongchis, .repulsing
small bodies of 4 the enemy en route.
They "attacked the advance line of the
Russians near Siuyanglaku. The Rus
sians were- reinforced '¦ and ; compelled
the Japanese to withdraw.
At dawn on July 10 both columns at
tacked and dislodge^ the Russians from
the heights west" of Sinchiaku. The
Japanese "pursued them and againat
tacked . a* strong ) position held by '".the
Russians at Siut^hlkou. After : a des
perate'fight the Japanese occupied the
position.
' After : s occupying ' Kaicbou - General
LONDON, July IS.— Tha Morning
Post's Shanghai ' correspondent says
that the Japanese casualties by land
mines at Port Arthur Sunday night are
reported to have been 28,000, but none
of the many special war dispatches
mentions a Japanese disaster at Port
Arthur.
In the fights of July 8 and 9 the Jap
anese lost about ISO men. The Rus
sian losses are believed to have been
heavier than those of 'the Japanese.
Oku's army, on Sunday, moved north
ward. The Russians have strong de
fences at Tapingshan, Niusenihan,
Wangmatai. and Chlnghishan and
camps near Kuochiapao. General Oku
probably will attack these positions aa
soon as his troops are rested. \ ,
PERltf, Straits of Bab-el -Mandeb, July 12.— The Brit
ish steamship Menles, from Clyde for Shanghai, which ar
rived here to-night, reports that she^ and the British
steamship Crewe Hall, from Clyde for Kurrachee, were
stopped on June 11 in the Eed Sea, south of Jedda, % the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship St. Petersburg, which
carried eight guns and a large crew. Both steamships
were boarded and all their papers and manifests over
hauled. The vessels were detained f our hours, after which
the St. Petersburg steamed off to the northward.
President Donnelly of the Amalga
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher
Workmen of North America, leader
of the strikers, said in a conversation
to-night that he believed the strikers
would have little difficulty in with
standing a siege of more than a year
with the strike funds the unions have
on hand. In Chicago thirty-five local
unions are involved in the strike.
ATTITUDE OF THE PACKERS.
President Donnelly and the presi
dents of the various locals assembled
at the headquarters this morning,
thinking they might receive a notice
of surrender /rom the packers, but no
word; came. The packers took the po
sition that they had replied decisively
to the workers' demand and had noth
ing more to say, except to . emphasize
a refusal to pay the wage scale asked.
Arthur Meeker, of Armour & Co., said
to-night:
"We consider the demand of the
union for an advance in wages of un
skilled labor entirely unwarranted by
conditions. We" could not concede it
and proposed to submit the question to
"arbitration, which the union' declined
to do and called a strike to-day at all
of our plants. Every department is
kept running, however. We have had
applications from hundreds of "unem
ployed men for positions at less wages
than we have been paying, and every
day expect to Increase our output. We
regret extremely, the hardships and suf
fering; that will - be imposed on the
thousands of men who; are thrown out
of work, directly and indirectly,
"How long do you think it will last?"
inquired one of them, looking quite
serious.
"Dunno," a man replied, "except that
President Donnelly says the men man
aged to- hold out fifteen months in
Buffalo, and I guess we can do as
much."
oughf are .0^ the stockyards and were
roundly cheered as they emerged
through ' the gates and distributed
themselves in the crowd of men who
had awaited their coming.
"We are with you to the last," the
girls exclaimed, smiling prettily as they
stood around and talked over the situa
tion with their male companions in the
movement.
Vessel Permitted to Pass the Dardanelles
Stops and Searches Two Brit*
ish Steamships.
A picturesque Bcene -was ; presented
when -the -sausage; factories and can
neries were left by their forces. There
are 1000 girls employed \ in . these \ two
departments of ; the meat industry.
Clad in the variegated ' garb A of factory
girls, this : army, of ; feminine strikers
gripped* blithely /alon| 'the main •* thcr-
GIRLS JOIN IN STRIKE.
Watched .- by cordons of • police, , the
strikers filed briskly "out of the packing
houses, carrying overalls,' rubber boots
and knives, cleavers and steels. The
strikers were greeted by crowds of
women and children, many' of whom
joined hands with the workmen: on the
outward march. , There was absolutely
no sign of disorder.
The walkout here was started by the
employes of j the « killing departments
in the various packing houses. The
killers were followed by' the workers
in the other departments as fast as the
current work left by. the slaughterers
could be cleaned up.. Thus, as the toil
ers in each department disposed of
their part of the work, they threw off
their aprons and- departed. This con
sideration was shown to. the packers,
the labor officials announced, because
it was not the desire of the men to
cause the employers any financial loss
as a result of neglecting meat that. was
on hand to be dressed. '.
CHICAGO, July 12.— As the result of
a stubborn disagreement,- chiefly over
wages for unskilled labor, -one of the
most extensive strikes in the history of
the meat packing industry ' of ' the
United States began to-day in Chicago,
Kansas City, Omaha, St. Joseph, and
other cities where large packing plants
are located. If prolonged! the strike is
expected to cause ¦ ¦widespread incon
venience, possibly equaling the anthra
cite coal famine of two years ago. -
The unanimity of the strike was com
plete. More than 45,000 employes are
directly Involved. In Chicago alone
18,000 men are on strike.
The effect of the strike on the food
supply of the country and the price of
meat is being earnestly discussed, not
withstanding the announcement ¦ to
night that the packing houses, contrary
to expectations, will continue opera
tions without any close-down, employ
ing whatever help may S be available.
How much alleviation in the furnishing
of supplies to the* public this course
may afford is a matter of wide varia
tion of opinion. The packers declare
that hundreds of men who ' could not
be provided with places have been ap
plying dally for work.,
NO SIGN OF DISORDER.
pearly Fifty Thou*
sand Employes
Quit Work.
He declined to go into details, but
did, however, clear up some other re
ports which have been lately publish
ed regarding his operations.
"It is true," said Schwab, "that I
have sold all my stock in the American
Steel Foundries Company to Charlc3
Miller, president of that company, and
George Lelghton. its vice president.
"While in Europe I will look into the
processes used there for manufacture
of armor plate," added Schwab. "'I ex
pect to drop In upon the Krupps."
It la believed In Wall street that if
Schwab decides that the new armor
plate process now being used by the
Krupps is better than anything now
In use here, he will try to secure the
exclusive right for the process in this
country, so that it may be used in the
Bethlehem Steel Works, which Is the
backbone of the reorganized United
States Shipbuilding Company. Schwab
Is very heavily Interested in the re
organization.
"Yes, I did turn over to my friends.
as the story says, $1,910,000 in cash,"
said Schwab.
Schwab's statement referred to a
story published to-day that he had
paid $1,910,000 to personal friends who
had participated with him in the pur
chase of the Bethlehem Steel property.
These friends, like Schwab, when tha
Bethlehem property was taken over by
the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, received for the Bethlehem stock
shipbuilding securities and Bethlehem
bonds. When the shipbuilding com
pany collapsed heavy loss stared them
in the face.
NEW YORK. July 12.— "No man can
say he ever lost a dollar through
me. either in the Bethlehem Steel mat
ter or any other," said Charles M.
Schwab, former president of the United
States Steel Corporation, on the eve
of his departure for * Europe to-day.
Schwab sailed on the steamship Kaiser
Wilhelm II.
Speclti Dispatch to Tha Ctll.
Aftt-r many vain attempts they had
to forsake their efforts and wait for
help, which they knew would likely
be sent out from Camp Curry- The
boys kept up their courage until twen
ty-four hours had gone by and then the
situation began to assume a more seri
ous aspect. Their thirst became al
most unbearable and they had almost
riven up hope when the rescue party
came upon them above the ledge.
As soon as the rescue party discov
ered the lads they had a hurried con
sultation and two of the party were
hurried back to the camp to secure
ropes. After the ropes were secured it
was discovered that the boys were too
weak to attempt to scale the cliff, and
after they had been provided with food
and drink in small quantities C. O.
I>unstall. an officer of Santa Fe, vol
unteered to. go down the ropes and see
how they were faring. He reached
the ledge in safety, but It was impos
bible to Bee either of the three young
men, and darkness coming on it was
decided to wait till daylight before
attempting to rescue them.
Brown, for whom the boys were
searching when they became lost, left
the valley this morning without ren
dering any assistance whatever, say
ing: "I have important . business in
San Francisco." He loudly bewailed
the fate of a revolver loaned to one of
the boys. '.
TOSEMTTE. July 12.— Allen Bates of
Palo Alto and Ned Corbett of Fair
Oaks, the campers at Camp Curry who
last Sunday night went out on the
tearch of L. Brown of San Francisco,
end who themselves became lost, were
located this morning on a ledge 200
ffet below the summit of North Dome.
Up to 9 o'clock to-night they had
not been rescued. Two parties
from Camp Curry had been searching
for them all night and early this morn-
Ing one of the party after repeated
calls heard a faint reply, way below
him. It was impossible to reach the
toys, but one of them said that they
¦were nearly famished for want of food
and water, water being what they
craved most. The boys had been thir
ty-six hours without food or water.
As soon as they were discovered an
effort was made to rescue them? but
before long the rescuers found they
had tackled a task more difficult than
*as at first supposed. The boys, it
cc-ems. started out together late Sun
day night owing to the anxiety of Mrs.
Erown to find her husband and son.
In traversing the cliffs around the sum
mit they had in some unaccountable
manner slipped to a ledge 200 feet be
low the summit and had found it lm
posfibie to get back to safety.
£peci&! DUpwch to 7&e Ctll
When Found After Thirty-Six Hours
They Are Weak and Su&ring
From Hnnger and Thirst •- ¦--
Acquaintances Whom He Induced to
Invest m.BetMehemJSteel Stock*
Are Reimbursed.
Young Men Go to Seek a
San Franciscan and Lose
Their Way.
¦ "On - the, tariff .question some little
progress may be ( hoped : for. v But: the
Parker v men on the .'committee were
nearly all in 'favor of a very conserva
tive fplank and : it remains to be seen
"For these reasons I feel .justified in
supporting the. ticket. A Democratic
victory will mean very little, if any,
progress on economic questions so long
as the party is under the control of the
Wall street element. On the money
question Mr. Parker Is as thoroughly
committed to the side of the financier
as Mr. Roosevelt. If he does not go
as far aa the Republicans would in re
tiring silver dollars, in establishing
branch banks, in enlarging the powers
of the. national* banks and in the sub
stitution of an asset currency for the
present currency, it will be because he
is restrained by the Democrats in the
House and Senate. Nothing greater
can be expected from him on the
money question. On the trust question
theyDemocratic platform is very much
better than the Republican platform,
but the nomination of Judge Parker
virtually nullifies the anti-trust plank.
Unless, in "his letter of acceptance, he
commits himself to anti-trust legisla
tion, we need not expect him to'pur
sue a different course from that pur
sued by President Roosevelt.
"So far as the labor questions are
concerned, we must await Judge Par
ker's letter before we shall know
whether the laboring man has any
thing to expect from his electlqn. The
labor plank, as* prepared by Judge
Parker's, friends on the sub-committee.
Was a straddling, 'meaningless plank.
In the full committee planks were
adopted in favor of arbitration and
the eight-hour day and against Gov
ernment' by injunction; also a plank
on tho Colorado situation. If Judge
Parker is silent or ambiguous on" these
subjects it will . mean that the men
back of . him. will not permit him to
take the labor side on these disputed
questions.), ..... • , ,
PARKER'S STAND 1 ON TARIFF.
"Fourth, the Democratic . platform
declares in favor of the reduction of
the standing'. army, and, as this plank
was unanimously adopted, VJiere is
reason to believe that a Democratic
statement on this svfbject would 'bring
some advantage to the people.
WALL STREET IN CONTROL.
LINCOLN. Nebr., July 12.— William
J. Bryan to-day gave out the follow
ing statement:
"I ' shall Vvote for Parker and Davis,
the nominees of the Democratic Na
tional Convention and shall do bo for
the ; fdHowingjreas6ris: \, "
• .-''Fif^rTjeSruse^theTJempcratic tickv
et stands for opposition /to {imperlai
ism, while the Republican . ticket
stands for an imperialistic policv. On
this question, which was the para
mount issue in 1900 and which must re
main an important issue so long as an
attempt is made to hold colonies under
the American flag— on this issue the
convention was unanimous, the plat
form emphatic, and I have no doubt
that the candidates will carry out \ the
platform.
"Second, Mr. Roosevelt in injecting
the race issue into American politics,
and this issue, if it becomes national,
will make it impossible to consider
questions that demand solution. The
election of, the Democratic ticket will
put a quietus on this subject.
"Third, Mr. Roosevelt stands for the
spirit of war. His friends present him
as a man of blood and iron. He be
lieves in strenuousness and inculcates
a love for warlike things. The Demo
cratic ticket stands for peace, for rea
son and for arbitration rather than
for force, conquest and bluster.
Volantarily Hands Over
Almost Two Million Dol
lars in Cash.
Nebraskan Will Support the Ticket
aiid Later Attempt to Reor
i ganize the Party.
Schwab Pays Back
Their Losses in
I Full.
Narrow Escape of
Two Lads in
Yosemite.
Says the Democracy Is Now
Only a Chattel of Wall
Street.
Bryan Accuses His
Conquerors ;ol
Crookedness.
STEEL KING
IS LOYAL TO
HIS FRIENDS
FIND LOST
BOYS ON A
HIGH CLIFF
DENOUNCES
PARKER AND
GOLD WING
RUSSIAN VOLUNTEER SHIPS
FROM THE BLACK SEA ARE
DOING DUTY AS CRUISERS
ST. PETERSBURG, July 12. — A dispatch from a Russian correspondent at Mukden, dated July 12, says: "According to intelligence re
ceived here, the Japanese last night attacked positions near Port Arthur and were repulsed with enormous losses, not less than 30,000, it is
said, being killed or wounded by our mines."
MEAT FAMINE IS LIKELY
TO FOLLOW GREAT STRIKE
OF PACKING-HOUSE MEN
RUSSIANS CLAIM THE JAPANESE LOST
30,000 MEN IN PORT ARTHUR BATTLE
The San Francisco Call.
Alcazar—^Heartsease. 1 *
Call! oral* — "The EoaoraMe Joha
Worth."
Central— "Along the Vohawk."
Chute*— "Vaudeville.
Columbia, — "Cousin Xato."
Fischer's — "A Lucky Stoa« % "
Qrand— "Mr. Barnes of Hew
York."
Orpheum — Vandavilla. Mattaea
To-Say.
Tivoli— "Bobta Hood."
XXB miATZBS.
Torecart xomA* at 8aa Tr*a
elsco for thirty boon «n.dLog at
midnight July 13, 1904:
Baa rxmadsoo and -rtolalty—
Talr Wednesday; brl»k west*
erly wlada. j v
A. Q. ICeADXS,
District forecaster.
TSB WSATKEX.
VOLUME XCVT— NO. 43.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO? WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.Leon Blujn of the firm of Roth,
Blum & Co. of 201 California street
says that the Chicago packers' strike
will not affect his firm's. business. Le
roy'Hough, vice president Of the West
ern Meat Company, says that although
many' Arms in San Francisco do busi
ness with the Chicago packers ' the
strike will not affect them.
Do Not Expect to Be Injured by the
Eastarn Strike.
LOCAL FIRMS NOT AFFECTED.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 12— More than
5000 employes of Swift & Co., Nelson,
Morris & Co. and the Hammond Pack
ing Company, in ' South St. Joseph,
went out on strike at nOon to-day.
FIve-ThoUsnrid Out at St. Joseph.
KANSAS CITY, July 12. — Eight
thousand meat cutters, butchers and'
others affiliated with the Amalgamated
Meat Cutters and Butcher .Workmen's
Union, constituting the entire forces In
these departments in the six big pack-
Ing plants here, struck to-day. As- a
result, all the plants are shut down
and 12,800 employes in the various de-*
partments are affected.
Many of the men here were opposed
to going out. Some lived in the district
affected by the recent floods and did;
not feel much like losing .time. and.
wages. It is:partly on this account that
the packers feel reasonably sure that
the strikers In -Kansas City will not
continue the fight long. ,v -f
i The strike has tied, up business at the'
stockyards, which had opened only yes
terday, after having- been closed since
last Thursday. on.Account of the Kiwi
overflow. A continuation of the strlkp!
for '-'ly length of time would' result in'
high . prices and a shortage of meat.
The high water last week tied upmost
of the packing-houses for several days.
The result was that when work , was
resumed , the. jusual'reserve/.supplyofi
fresh meat had been sold. To-day's
in the Supply.
Kansas City Already Faces a Shortage
FRESH MEAT IS SCARCE.
ST. PAUL, July 12.— The butchers'
strike' will mean a suspension of all
the 'livestock business in the North
west. The situation, if continued,
is said, will reduce the Supply Of meat
in this city to the famishine/point and
run prices up to the top figures. '
St. Paul Fears Meat Famine.
EAST ST. LOUISr 111.. July 12.— At
noon to-day, more than 5000 butcher
and cutters employed by the packing
houses here stopped work.' Officials of
East St. Louis packing-houses declare
that- they are willing to discuss the
demands made by the butchers and
Cutters. The men quit work very qui
etly and there .were no' disturbances
When they left the stockyards.
East- St. Louis Plants Closed.
CLEMENS AND DAUGHTERS
ARRIVE IN NEW YORK
Author Bring With Him the Remains
of Wife. Who Died Recently
In Italy.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Samuel M.
Clemens and his two daughters, bring
ing the body of Mrs. Clemens, who re
cently died in Italy, arrived t6 r day On
the steamship Prinz Oskar by way of
Genoa and Naples. Mrs. Clemens* body
will be taken to Klmira, N. Y., for
burlaL
t orporaticn treaty between the United
States and Russia, negotiated by Ern
bmr.sador McCormick, was formally
;>romulgated to-day.
The treaty provides that American
mo Russian corporations may sue in
the cocrus of both Russia and the
United States. Heretofore American
concerns could be sued in Russia, but
could not bring suit in this country.
American Companies May Hereafter
Brlns Suits in the Em*
plre's Courts.
ST. PETERSBURG.. July 12.— The
RUSSIA PROMULGATES
CORPORATION TREATY
OMAHA, July 12. — At noon to-day
4000 employes of the four, packingr
houses at South , Omaha lald_ down
their tools and went out on strike. The
packing plants affected " are those of
Armour, Swift, Cudahy and the Oma
ha Packing Company.
A statement of the position of the
local packers shows that they are
unanimous In their refusal to accede
to the demands of the men. They
claim that conditions d/> not warrant
an increase in wages.
Ten unions are affected by the
strike, most of them being affiliated
with the butchering craft It is an
ticipated, that no action will be taken
locally, all. the negotiations being
made in Chicago.
There was no demonstration in the
packing-house district, the strikers
generally going to their homes and fe
mainlng quiet. The packing-house
owners placed a number of additional
watchmen about their plants, but even
this precaution seemed unnecessary. ,
For the packers it was unauthOrl
tatively stated that no effort would be
made to reopen the plants. Both"
sides apparently take it that the strug
gle will be a lengthy one and are set
tling down to that conviction. Al
ready higher prices for fresh meats
are mentioned.-
Extended Contest.
Both Sides Arc Settling: Down for an
EXPECT LONG STRUGGLE.
VALLEJO, July 12.— At the opening
of the morning session of the Grand
Council of the Young Ladies' Institute
a number of visitors were seated. They
were'Rose C. Mahoney, Gertrude Lynch
and Daisie Killbraid of San Francisco,
and the Misses McDonald and Misses
Curley of San Jose.
Congratulatory telegrams were read
from Laura J. Frates, grand secretary
of the Nitlve Daughters/, and Eliza
Keith, past grand president of the Na
tive Daughters. Young Men's Institute
No. 51 of Alameda also sent greetings.
Later congratulations by wire were re
ceived from Rev. P. J. Cummings of
St. Patrick's Church, San Francisco,
who is the spiritual director of the or
der, John Willey, second ' vice presi
dent of the Grand Institute Y. M. 1.,
and Institute No. 7 of San Francisco.
> Reports were received from the fol
lowing committees: On headquarters,
supplies, history of the -Yoang Ladles'
Institute and historic' landmarks. A
handsome gift of flowers from the
young men's institutes of San Francis-'
co to Miss May Stein, the grand presi
dent, was announced. The Grand Coun
cil directed that a letter of Condolence
be sent Mrs. E. Michaels, organist of
'St.' Vincent's Church, Vallejo, upon the
recent death of her husband. \
A number of amendments to the con
stitution were proposed. That-of most
importance contemplates the establish
ment of an Eastern Jurisdiction. Dur
ing the afternoon Fathers Netterville
of Vallejo and Conway and Byrnes of
Napa visited the Grand Council and
spoke words of congratulation and en
couragement. The last hour of the af
ternoon was devoted to the exemplifi
cation of. the ritual.
To-night the grand officers and.dele
gates were the guests of Vallejo Council
No. 13, Y. L. I., ati a banquet in San
Pablo hall annex. Miss Josephine
English, president of the local council,
presided. An Impromptu* programme of
music and. recitations added to the en
joyment of the occasion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 11— As soon- as
the retail' butchers in this city learned
to-day that strikes had been, ordered
In the meat packing plantsjn many of
the large' cities they begart to advance
the price of meat from two to three
cents a pound.
H. L. Eichelberger, general organizer
Of the Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butcher "Workmen's Union of Amer
ica, predicted that Within three days
there would be a meat famine in this
city.
This afternoon the Joint executive
committee of the pinion issued an order
calling for a sympathetic strike In all
the packing houses in this city and In
consequence • 3500 men will quit work
to-morrow. ¦>•:'•; '>Z
New York Retailers Take Advantage
of the Western Strike, n
PRICES QUICKLY ADVANCE.
Grand . Council at Vallejo
Receives Many Annual Re
ports From the Officers
Discouraging Report Fol
lows an Investigation of
Conditions in the Fields
Bptdal Dispatch to The Call.
FRANCE IS PREPARED
TO DEFEND ITS RIGHTS
Will Send Warships to Morocco If
There Is Any Interference Wltb
Customs Supervision.
PARIS, July 12. — The Government
is prepared to adopt forcible measures
to maintain order in Morocco and
carry out the plans for French super
vision of the customs. Two cruisers
are in readiness to proceed to Morocco
if tribal disturbances near Tangier
threaten to interfere with the execu
tion of these plans. France Is acting
In co-operation with the Sultan, but
reports indicate that some of the
tribes, including the followers of Rais
souli. are seeking to prevent the carry
ing - out of the customs supervision
which the Sultan granted to Franca
PARIS, July 12.— Although official ex
perts have not yet made any state
ment, a series of examinations under
taken regarding the wheat crop by var
ious interested quarters has produced
unusually disappointing
In spite of the favorablem-eather ever
since February, there Is every sign,
according to the expert of La Petit
Journal, that the present crop will be
considerably less than usual.
The expert in question says that the
long stretch of warm weather matured
the wheat too quickly, especially in the
central Tllstricts of France. This au
thority puts the probable crop as low
as 31,000,000 bushels.
WHARF IS BEING BUILT
AT PANA3IA FOR SUPPLIES
Republic Looks With Misgiving Upon
the Erection of A Landing Plaeo .
at Chistobal.
COLON, July 12.— A wharf is in
course of construction at Cristobal, at
which lumber and other supplies for
the canal will soon be landed.
The building of the wharf has given
rise to misgivings on the part of tha
Panamans that it will be a step
ping stone to the establishment of a
United States port at Colon.
The order to the effect that vessels
sailing from La Boca must receive
their clearance papers from the United
States authorities is criticised here aa
a Violation of the canal treaty.
A woman cannot claim to have per
fect self-control if she turns her. head
to look at a new dress going by. I
HEAVY SHOWER OF RAIN
fjfc; BREAKS BUTTE'S RECORD
Montana Town Is Visited by Down
pour That Floods Streets and
. Delays Traffic.
BUTTE, Mont, July 12.— The heaviest
rain in the history of Butte, for the
time of the downpour, fell here to
night, one inch being measured from
4:30 to 6 o'clock. Drains were ineffec
tive and the streets were swept, by rag
ing torrents, doing considerable damage
to sidewalks and property. 'The wash-
Ing out of a fill on the Butte, Anaconda
and . Pacific railroad delayed traffic
several hours, while telegraph and
telephone service was also Interfered
with tor a time.
LADIES HOLD
BUSY SESSION
It was said at the yards to-day that
since the decision of the Interstate
Commerce Commission the purchases
of animals on the .hoof for Eastern
cqnsumjtfion. "VJiave, so .. largely v; in-;
creased that they are now almost
The employes of the Union Stock
yards here are not affected by the
strike of the packing-house employes,
and while. In view of notices sent by
commission houses to their country
customers, shipments may fall off to
some extent, It Is expected that' cat
tle, bogs and Bheep will continue to
arrive, from the West and South, This
expectation grows out of the fact
that, under the decision of the Inter
state Commerce Commission, rates
shall be equal to large and small
Shippers and that no rebates are per
nitssible.'' -If the strike continue long
it is quite probable .that many small
slaughterers will' resume business In
the large cities throughout the 'coun
try. 1 and that the large part- of the
cattle; iteheep and 'hoes- received at the
UnJon Stockyards here "will be bought
aiid, shipped 'East.
BUYlNG./l^R.TnE EAST.
President Donnelly, the strike lead
er, said:
"I wish to make it clear that we are
not fighting -for an Increase of wages,
but against the decrease. Our original
demand was for a minimum of 20 cents
an hour for laborers. This demand was
amended after our second conference
with the packers, . in June. We then
agreed to a scale of 18% cents an hour,
except in Omaha and Sioux City, where
the scale is 19 cents. The packers, on
the other hand, refused to pay more
than 1?^ cents an hour, and declined
to sign any agreements at all, except
with a small portion of the workmen.
''The question of wages to skilled
men was not discussed. To unskilled
workmen the average wage was 18J4
cents an hour, but when we asked
that this be made the minimum wage
they cut it to 17J4 cents and 16 cents.
Men could live on 15 cents if they
got steady work, but in some plants
men have been able to work only
thirteen hours a week at this wage
scale. They could not live on It No
one could." i V
Wholesale markets that supply
meats to the hotels of Chicago say
they have enough carcases on hand
to keep the guests of all the large
hoBtelrles munching for several
weeks. The managers of the hotels,
therefore, are not worrying over an
impending famine.
STOCKYARDS NOT AFFECTED.
A feature of the strike that is apt
to be overlooked is the fact that the
strikers' organization does not include
the electricians,, steam '.fitters, firemen,
engineers, carworkers and teamsters.
These make in Chicago alone a total
of 10,000 additional men, who may or
may not be made idle wholly or in
part," voluntary or r otherwise, accord
ing to' the developments in the strug
gle between the direct contestants —
the 'packing-house proprietors on the
one side and the butchers and helpers
on the other. •
through the strike and the temporary
inconvenience .caused the public at
large, but we consider the fault rests
entirely with the union, which not only
asked what it was not entitled to, but
declined to submit the question to im
partial arbitration. :
CONTENTION OF STRIKERS.
FRENCH WHEAT
CROP IS POOR
equal to the total bought by the local
packers.
It is not likely that the strikers
will interfere with the small slaugh
terers throughout the country, inas
much &s the more work they do the
more they will injure the business of
the big packers, upon whom alone the
strikers have made demands.
The Union Stockyards men are tak
ing a calm view of the situation, and
while business at the yards undoubt
edly will show a falling off, it Is be
lieved that receipts and shipments
will by no means come to a standstill
at the yards, and the supply will be
sufficient to take care of the local and
Eastern demand.
Cohtihued From Pace 1, Column 3.
ST. PETEERSBURG, July 12.— An
official statement of the number of
sick and wounded belonging -to the
Mahchurian army.shows a" great 'in-
Increase of Sickness in Russia's Man
churian Army. . V
DISEASE FOLLOWS RAINFALL.
ST. LOUIS, July 12.— It is said to
night that 4500 men employed in- pack
ing houses in, St Louis and East -St.
Louis are out. as a- result of the -order
received to-day from President ; Dqn-,
nelly of the' Amalgamated Meat'Cut
ters and Butcher Workmen's ' Union* of
America. ', .
Packers in East St. Louis expect no
immediate .Increase in the price of
meat, as , it is understood j that the
coolers are filled with a supply that
will last about two weeks.. An almost
unlimited supply of smoked and cured
meats is on hand.
About 4000 cattle were received to
day. It is' said that cattle, will con
tinue to be received and will be weigh
ed and killed according to the demand.
Exposition Visitors Are Assured of
Fresh Mcnt for Two Weeks.
SITUATION AT ST. LOUIS.
During the last two years he has in
corporated all of his property of all
descriptions and that necessitated
numerous deeds and transfers. The
law of Montana requires the wife of
the grantor to Join in the deeds, but
as late as iast April deeds were filed
for record In Butte in which Mrs.
Clark did not Join. Several deeds prior
to that especially declared that Sena
tor Clark was an unmarried man.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 12.— The an
nouncement that Senator 'W. A.
Clark married his ward, Anne E. la
Chappelle, in France three years ago
recalls Ihe fact that Senator Clark
has executed a number of deeds in the
transfer of mining properties and real
estate since the date of the marriage,
in which he signed himself as an un
married man.
Senator Violates Law of Montana in
Keeping Fact, of Wedding .
Secret. ..--•-
CLARK SIGNED DEEDS
AS UNMARRIED 3IAN
PARIS, July 12.— The Bey of Tunis*
arrived here this morning. He was ac
corded military honors, received a
notable popular reception and visited
President Loubet at the Elysee Palace,
where they had a long and cordial ex
change of friendly sentiments. The
Bey was the guest of honor, at a gar
den party to-night at the Elysee Pal
ace.
The visit of the Bey to Paris is sig
nificant of the strengthening of the
French protectorate over Tunis and
development of the Governmental pol
icy of building up the French North
African empire.
Is Aeeordcd 3IIIit.iry Honors and En
joys the Exchange of Sentiments
With Lonbet.
BEY OF TUNIS VISITS
PRESIDENT OF FRANCE
killing was below the day's.consump
tion and fresh beef is likely to be
scarce before Sunday. \*<- ,
HONOLULU, July 6.— Loaded deeply
with a cargo which would be a rich
prize for the Vladivostok fleet, should
it capture her, the British tramp steam
ship St. Hubert, Captain Wardale,
called here last week for coal. The St.
Hubert came from Iquique, Chile, with
a cargo of saltpeter for the Japanese
Government This Is V contraband of
war, as the saltpeter will be used by
the Japanese in the manufacture of
powder. The St. Hubert had . enough
saltpeter on board to make powder to
blow half the Rusians in Siberia and
Manchuria into eternity. All told, her
cargo amounted to 4000 tons.
The vessel sailed for Yokohama about
midnight July 1, but returned to port
British Tramp Steamship Carrying
Saltpeter to the Japanese. • ;;:?-
HAS A CONTRABAND CARGO.
WILL, ABANDON NEWCHWANG.
Knropatkin Cannot Give Further Pro
tection to the City.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 12.—Col
onel Nevitsky of the general staff
gave out an interview to-day in which
he said:
"The result of the loss of Kaichou
probably will be t'he evacuation of
Newchwang. General Kuropatkin's
position is more difficult than that
which confronted Lord Roberts in
South Africa. It is as if Lord Roberts
received his supplies by rail via Con
stantinople, Cairo and Central Africa.
It will be a long time before General
Kuropatkin will have enough supplies
and men to assume the offensive. In
the meanwhile he will have to fight
rear guard actions, perhaps giving up
important positions like Newchwang."
FLEET LEAVES PORT ARTHUR.
Shells Japnnes© Coast Positions and
Then Returns to the. Harbor.
CHEFU, July 12.— It is reported
that five Russian cruisers and several
torpedo-boats left Port Arthur at 8
o'clock on Saturday morning last and
shelled the enemy's positions on the
east coast, returning undamaged at 6
o'clock in the evening. It Is believed
they encountered Admiral Togo's
ships and were forced to return.
A junk which arrived here this
morning reports having heard two
terrific explosions at Port Arthur j'es
terday.
FORTIFYING KYONGHEUNG.
Russians Will Attempt to Hold North
eastern Korea.
SEOUL, July 12. — Japanese scouts,
who have arrived at Gensan, report
that the Russians are constructing a
permanent fort near Kyongheung, sit
nated In Northeastern Korea, near the
mouth of the Tumen River.
The Russian garrison at Hunchun
has been reduced to one battalion, the
remainder of the garrison having been
concentrated at Posslet'Bay: The Jap
anese scouts report that they found
the Tumen River closely guarded.
A number of Japanese, who took
refuge at Gensan some months ago, in
tend coming, It is reported, to Seoul,
as the recent visit of the Russian Vladi
vostok squadron has impressed them
with the belief that Gensan Is an un
safe location. >'¦ •
Torpedo-Boats Attack Guardship.
TOKIO, July 12. — Admiral Togo re
ports that at midnight on July 11 tor
pedo-boats approached the boom
which blocks the entrance to Port Ar
thur harbor and attacked the guard
ship Diana with torpedoes. The re
sult has not been ascertained. The
Japanese boats returned undamaged.
Japanese Offer Bribes.
LIAOYANG, July 12.— A box full of
Japanese • proclamations, offering In
ducement to Russian soldiers who sur
rendered, has been brought here from
Tatchekiao. Many of them were scat
tered among General Mistchenko's
men.
HEADQUARTERS ,. OF. .GENERAL
COUNT KKLLER, Eleven ,MileS W*est
of Liamiiansiaiv : July,12.4-Th'e opposing
armies are .grimly facing Naiot Heights
across the Liank River, ready to en
gage in a death grapple. '^
The Liank crosses the main Liao
yang- Fengwangcheng, _ road,' twenty
eight miles east . of Laioyang. It
flows north into the Taitse 'River,' which
passes through Liaoyang and; empties
into the Llao River.
A correspondent who arrived here af
ter a thirty-five mile ride from Siao
lindji saw long lines of infantry and
transport trains winding up the rough
mountains. At Liandian3ian a lookout
stationed in a tree top pointed out the
way to General Keller's headquarters,
near Niutkiay. T < i /^'; :^ v
There the Russian eastern army was
found, hidden in the hills. In a plain
tent the correspondent saw General
Keller, living like a simple soldier, his
staff being quartered In a native hut
near by. The general' looked cheerful
and was bronzed by exposure. He
talked of the engagement at Hoiyan.
Around the general's tent were many
officers of the/ guard, the pride of St.
Petersburg. To see them as weather
beaten as the Cossack officers one
could scarcely believe them to be the
dashing guardsmen of the • Russian
capital. They have become hardened
fighters, for hardly a day passes with
out collisions between the advance
posts of the Eastern army and the Jap
anese. Hhe whole army is anxious to
fight General Kuroki, whose army is at
.Vandipudze, and whose men are en
trenched on the other side of the river.
The burning question is: Who will be
the first to cross the broad valley of the
Liank River?
LONDON, July 11— The Foreign Of*
fice announced yesterday that an agree
ment had been signed by Foreign Min-
Ssteh Lanodowne and the German Em
bapsador. providing for the settlement
by arbitration of difficulties which may
arlso of a legal nature or relating to
the interpretation of existing . treaties
l><HTvf-en Germany and Great Britain.
The terms of the agreement are iden
tical with those recently concluded with
Italy, France and Spain.
The announcement came as a com
pote and not altogether pleasant sur
prise to the English press and public.
It was against f-uch an agreement that
th^ Spectator and other powerful or
pans urged th» Governnient prior to
King Edward's visit to Emperor Wil
liam at Kiel. By the papers which
echoed that warning the news of the
tignins of the arbitration treaty is
fr-w allowed with palpabledlpllte or with
ill -concealed disappointment.
The only whole-souled appreciation
comes, curiously enough, from opposi
tion papers. The Daily News, the Gov
ernment's most bitter opponent, warm
ly congratulates King' Edward on his
latest achievement. The Chronicle and
the Leader follow suit, while such' a
stanch mouthpiece of the Government
us the Telegraph expresses the belief
that the Anglo-German treaty cannot
compare in importance with the con
vention concluded with France.
A similar method of evading criti
cism is pursued by the Standard, but
ihe Post frankly defcerts the Govern
ment, characterizing Lord Lansdowne's
latest diplomatic stroke as a "policy of
unsettled convictions and of promiscu
ous amiability.'* -• ; "»J-.
The Mail and other papers accentuate
the fact that the agreement is very
limited in scope and deals with minor
matters. The Mail declares there "un
happily is no indication whatever on
the part of Germany of such an amica-
Me disposition as exhibited by France,",
and adds that only if German naval
progress were reduced could both Gov
ernments be congratulated on the ar
ransement. '^S^
LONDON. July 12.— Anglesey cast!e
Is slowly giving up Ha secrets. Th*
catalogues of* its contents when pub
lished v.ill form one of the most re
markable documents ever issued from
the printing press. The fictitious
stories arising out of local gossip
which fixed the value of the jewel3 and
other treasures found in the castle at
a million pounds sterling may be dis
missed, but the facts are in themselves
sufficiently extraordinary. The living
rooms in Anglesey castle are furnished
in a manner that la magnificently ex
travagant.
According to the latest computa
tions, th« lewela that have been dis
covered are expected to realize at auc
tion from $100,000 to $130,000. The orig
inal cost was probably double, but
owing to the fantastic settings their
value is considerably reduced.
The approximate value of the "furni
ture and other articles, apart from the
jewels, real and imitation, that are be
ing catalogued, will probably be some
thing like $300,000. In the house and
grounds every fancy of the Marqul9
has been apparently gratified in the
most luxurious manner.
A meeting of the committee of in
spection has been held which lasted six
hours. The result of the conference is
that there Is now every prospect that
ths affairs of the Marquis will not
come before the bankruptcy court. The
liabilities at present ascertained are
about $1,080,000, and it is believed that
under the proposed deed of assignment
the creditors will receive their money
in full, plus 4 per cent interest, within
nine years, providing the Marquis
lives that long.
The deed of assignment has been
agreed to by a large number of the
creditors, including three Continental
jewelers, who hftve claims for about
$2,400,000, andr'certain English money
lenders.
Small Japanese cavalry detachments
have been observed in the vicinity of
Mukden. The weather there is fine.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 12. — The
.idea, that Vice Admiral Skyrdloff has
gone t© Port Arthur finds no believers
here, but it is known that he has sent
dispatches there Indicating' a more ac
tive policy on the part of the fleet and
as a result comes news of the sortie
of the Bayan, the Diana, the Pallada,
the Xovik and the Poltava. ..The result
is covered with mystery, but it Is sig
nificant of the times.
The inhabitants of Vladivostok have
been summoned to make large de
posits of flour, meat and salt with the
authorities, with the understanding
that these will be served out to them
in case of a siege; Those who cannot
make such deposits are compelled to
leave town, j
A special dispatch from Liaoyang to
the Russ says the losses sustained by.
the army in retiring to the northward
are insignificant. The Japanese con
tinue advancing with four Infantry di
visions and one cavalry brigade, the
object of this pressure being to enable
the Japanese to take Yinkow, which
will serve as an. admirable base from
the south from which to attack Kuro
patkin.. .
CHEFU, July 13.— A Frenchman,
who arrived here on a Junk from Port
Arthur this morning, reports that on
July 7 the Japanese captured fort
No. 14.
The vessel anchored off port on her
return and the captain and some of
the men laid the situation before the
British Consul, who advised the men
to return to the Vessel and proceed on
the voyage. The men returned and the
St. Hubert again sailed for Yokohama
on the afternoon of July 2.
at 8 o'clock the *next morning, with
a mutinous crew on board. -Eight men
refused to sail on the vessel. She thus
•left here short-handed and, after go
ing a short distance, all the men re
fused duty. Captain Wardale had <o
return to Honolulu. On the vessel's
manifest the cargo was described as
"nitrate of -soda, for fertilizing pur
poses," but the men claimed it could
also be used for manufacturing pow
der.
Small, Stream Separates the
Forces of Keller! &i(f
< : £ AUl'OKl. I :
Catalogue of Possessions
of Titled Briton Will Be
a Remarkable Document
crease in sickness after a few days'
rain and also a large proportion of
sick and wounded officers compared
with men. The figures are according
to the listed strength of the armv.
Before the rains, to June 26. Ih^
total was: Officers 71 and men 39 per
thousand, of whom wounded officers
numbered 10 and men 6 per thousand;
suffering from contagious diseases. 2
per thousand, of whom one-half were
suffering from dysentery and -one
tenth from typhus. There was one
case of plague and not a single ca3<>
of smallpox.
After the rains. July 9, the figures
were: Officers, 94 per thousand; men,
46, of whom the wounded officers
numbered 29 per thousand, the men
9 per thousand. Contagious cases had
risen to 9 per thousand, with equal
proportions of dysentery and typhus
and introducing scurvy and smallpox,
of which there were. three cases, and
bringing up the plague to* seven cases.
Twenty-two cases of horse and cat
tle plague were reported.
As soon as the Japanese troops enter
Ylnkow and succeed in removing the'
mines from the mouth of the Llao Riv
er, the Japanese gunboats lying along
the coast will come up, but It is not be
lieved that the Japanese will venture
to land a force or send war materials
so long as the Port Arthur squadron
is able to go out whenever it likes.
There is some anxiety here regarding
a report that the cruiser Askold has
been damaged and It is noticed that
she was not mentioned In the list of
warships constituting the squadron on
its last appearance.
ST. .PETERSBURG, July 13.— The
Japanese "advance to Tatchekiao is
shrouded in mystery. No ¦ telegrams
have been received by the general staff
or the Admiralty since Lieutenant Gen
eral Sakharoff's dispatch of July; 10,
with the exception of a report from
General Kuropatkln covering the
events detailed by General Sakharon%
which was delayed because it had fol
lowed the Emperor on his journey to
the Volga region.
, The special commission of censors sat
for only one hour last evening because
It- was a holiday (the festival of St.
Peter and St. Paul) and left 'without
having received or given out a single
dispatch. The lack of news from
Tatchekiao is not causing anxiety.
,The evening editions of the St. Pet
ersburg newspapers prominently pub
lished the telegram from Tokio, report
ing another appearance of the Port Ar
thur squadron on the morning of July
9th, and this gladdened the hearts of
the holiday crowd.
: The Japanese account of the fighting
"at.Kiachou is offset by the admission
that they are being greatly Worried by
General RennekampfTs Cossacks.
It h3s been intimated by the general
staff that It Is probable the Japanese
will not attempt to take Ylnkow, 'the
port of Newchwang, before .they cap
ture Tatchekiao, as otherwise they"
would be liable to an unexpected attack
from the Tatchekiao force, which is
within easy striking distance, thanks
to the railroad.,
The Japanese' advance north will be
delayed perhaps for some days until
the southeastern columns converging
at Siandian cqmpel Major General
Mitschenko to draw off leaving the
Siuyen road clear to ( Tanchie and
Tatchekiao.
Special Cablegram to ITie Call and New York Herald; Copyright, 1904, by the
-V'v . New York Herald Publishing Company.
Kaiser's Intention to Live
Up to the Terms of the
Compact Is Doubted
CMTICIZKD BY EDITOKS
Slav and' Japanese Ready to
Eng-age in Grapple to
: the^Beath. 'A^:
HOME OF MAGNIFICENCE
Great Armies Are Eace to
Face in the Valley
of the -Liaiik. .
Coin pact Providing for kx\A~
tration Surprises British
Public and Angers Press
Creditors" of Anglesey, Ex
travagant British Xoble,
Find Treasures in Castle
Nippon's Men Capture One of the
Forts. ..Defending the Czar's
Eastern Stronghold.
lNewchwang s Capture Will Give
Japan an Important Naval
and Army Base.
SKRYDLOFF ORDERS PORT ARTHUR FLEET
TO GO OUT OF THE HARBOR AND FIGHT
ANGLO-GERMAN
TREATY SIGNED
LIKE CROESUS
MARQUIS LIVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,,. WEDNESDAY,- JULY 13, 1904.
MEAT FAMINE MAY FOLLOW THE STRIKE
* SAN ¦'. BERNARDINO, July' 12.— The
board of managers of the Southern Cal
ifornia State. Hospital to-night; elected
Dr. r A. B. Williamson of, Minneapolis
to succeed ' Dr. M. . B. , Campbell as , su
perintendent of. the., hospital. Dr.
Campbell's ? resignation % was -accepted
two' months. ago, following disclosures
subsequent to the suicide of his secre
tary, ; A. C. Ciarke, . whose defalcation
is now officially stated' to be $11,140.
WASHINGTON, July 12.--Brigadier
General \Ai 'W.-Qreely, chief signal of
ficer, is preparing to leave. herfe shortly
for Seattle and Sitka, Alaska, where
he. will the formal opening of
the Government cable between those
two cities. The. last stretch, of one
hundred and thirty' "miles .from the
Alaska* end is now being laid and it Is
expected the line will be completed and
in working: order before long. *-
General:. Grccly, Chief Signal .Officer
of the Anriy, Prepares to Start
for Sitka.
ALASKA'S CABLE RAPIDLY
¦ -•- NEARING COMPLETION"
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B SaleTen ; Million B^es aYearTp
M CANDY CATHARTlC^g)^ [ i
H PREVENT ALL SUfflfflER BOWEL TROUBLES I I
{ P Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as r f 1
jy| quickly in summer as In winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels Era]
pi poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrheca, fi||
t-M dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and »9
p3 the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper fc^j
j&« thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the bouy 29
OB. every day— hot give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. | j^rl
HO You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and S-^j
Bra healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not - £nl
pa harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to taka t r A
&3 in summer," because it will nbt cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascafets. ggi
||g All druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. 'Never Sold In bulk. The genuine tablet r-;|
Ml starapedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sampleand L'j
||3kbooklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. oaja
fln flttractivlc Woman
NEEDS A CLEAR COMPLEXION.
We E^pcci^lly fyeeorgnjegd
u c^ *^^~t \ W^hSB 83BjB&tfriT\)L. m^ V jl
T$J"WtR«E WAR* HGiiTtfcloJK^y
CAU&E6 TH£ &LQOD
TO CfRCULA"4e
MAKES THE SKIN HEALTHY.
K-'-SMiff 6f ALL DW&JSrS*:*/•WILMINGTON. Del., July 12.— Fire
destroyed ; forty-two buildings in the
business/nd residence section of •Mill
lngton.-Md., causing losses of $200,000.
Not a store remains in the town, and
to-night the : streets are filled with'
homeless men! women and children.
The' flre started in a blacksmith shop.
FIRE DESTROYS FORTY-TWO
BUILDINGS IN MILUNGTON
ELKINS. W. Va., July 12.— Many
congratulatory telegrams have been
received by Henry G. Davis since his
nomination for Vice President on the
Democratic ticket. The expression
of weariness which the convention left
upon Davis* features ; has disappeared.
"I feel twenty years younger," he
exclaimed, when he came back from
a horseback ride, : flushed from the
vigorous exercise. "I'd rather ride a
horse than go to the opera any time.
Thus • Declares the Democracy's Aged
Vice Presidential Nominee.
FEELS TWENTY YEARS YOUNGER
I DELAGOA BAY. . July 12.— The
] Norwegian' bark Rokeby Hall, , Cap
j tain Terjesen, which' left Bellingham,
; Wash... January 16 and San Francisco
February 27 for this port, arrived to
day with her bulwarks stove in. I She
reports having lost her. boats and a
] portion of her load during heavy
' weather. »
! Rokebjr Hall Arrives at Dclacoa Bay
With Her Bulwarks
Stove in.
NORWEGIAN BARK REACHES
| PORT IN A BAD W^lY
LAWRENCE, Kans., July 12.— W. P."
Dockray, who, during, the Civil War,
was captain of the gunboat De Soto
of the Atlantic -blockading squadron,
is dead at his home here, aged 89 years.
Civil War Naval Officer Dies.
"I am gratified that the convention
&o enthusiastically indorsed the brave
and manly stand of Judge Parker and
that the whole country has bo favora
bly received it. The party Is in the po
sition in which I wished it to be, hav
.ing: Indorsed the present gold stand
ard. The financial question is now en
tirely out of the campaign and the Re
publicans are powerless to drag it In.
The road to a successful campaign has
been cleared." 19HfiHHG
ALBANY. N. Y., July 12.— David B.
Hill to-night gave out the following in
terview on Judge Parker's declaration
for the gold standard:
Hill Pleased by Ills Successful Coup
at St. Louis.
PARTY IS WHERE HE WANTS IT.
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 12. — The re
turn here of W. F. Sheehan from the
St. Louis convention yesterday marked
the opening of the national Demo
cratic campaign, which will be largely
conducted from Esopus. Actual plans
for the campaign have not been com
pleted, but it is probable that Judge
Parker will remain at Rosemont most
of the summer and fall.
Will Be Conducted From the Nomi
nee's Home in Esopus. * •
PARKER'S CAMPAIGN" ¦ BEGINS.
VIENNA. July 12.— The renewal of
; revolutionary outrages in Macedonia
i is causing concern in diplomatic cir
j cles here. It Is said that Prince Fer-
J dinand of Bulgaria, during his recent
j visit to Vienna, expressed anxiety re
garding affairs in the Balkans and
that he was apprehensive lest a decis
ive defeat of Russia in the Far, East
would render it difficult to prevent
Bulgarians from making . common
cause with the Macedonian revolu
i tionists.
i Renewal of Revolutionary Outrages
1 Causes Anxiety Regarding Con
• ditions in the Balkans.
DIPLOMATS CONCERNED
OVER MACEDONIAN AFFAIRS
August C Hinz, one of San Fran
cisco's leading citizens, died yesterday
afternon at 3 o'clock at the Adler
Sanatorium after a serious illness,
which attacked him suddenly upon his
arrival in the city, last Friday from
his home in Mill Valley. So ill was
the sufferer that he was taken to the
sanatorium, where an operation was
performed, but he "never rallied. Mr.
Hinz had been somewhat indisposed
for some time, but until the illness
which proved fatal his family had no
ihought that the end was so near.
Mr. Hinz was born in Schleswig-
Holsteln sixty-four years ago. In 1867
he came directly to San Francisco and
for many years was a partner in the
firm of Haker & Hinz and subsequent
ly became head of the firm of Hinz. &
Landt, wholesale milliners, 543 Market
street, in which he was interested up
till the time of his death. He was
prominent . in local German societies.
He leaves a wife and six children
and a brother, A. Frederick Hinz. of
the Hinz & Plagemann Yolo Flour
Mills. Should Henry Hinz, his son, ar
rive in time from New York- the
funeral will take place on Friday from
the residence of A. Frederick Hinz, 855
Capp street.
Prominent Merchant Passes Away
After Few Days' Serious Illness.
AUGUST C. HJNZ DIES.
OYSTER BAY, July 12. — A com
mittee representing the Central Labor
unions in Lackavjanna and Luzer^ie
counties, Pennsylvania, with a mem
bership of 250,000 men, principally min
ers or allied workmen, came here to
day to personally present to President
Roosevelt resolutions adopted *i>y the
several bodies they represent, urging
him to investigate the Colorado labor
situation.
The members of the committee were
informed by Secretary Loeb that a
personal interview with the President
could not be arranged. He suggested
that they call upon National Chairman
Cortelyou in New York with the reso
lutions, but they declined to accept the
suggestion. They, left immediately for
home to report to a convention which
now in session at Pittston, Pa.
Attempt to Gain the Ear of the Presi
-;•'!> >', dent at Oyster Bay.
UNION MEN SEEK INTERVIEW.
Thereafter the Papal Secretary of
State. Cardinal Merry del Val, threat
ened the Bishops with the termina
tion of their episcopal powers, unless
they came to Rome within fifteen days.
This also was submitted to Combes,
\\no forbade the Bishops leaving their
posts. Bishop Laval of Dijon, two
other Bishops and three Archbishops
having republican sympathies were the
ones designated.
The Matin asserts that the dismissal
of the Bishops without consulting the
Government's wishes will be considered
as formal renunciation of the relations
between church and state.
ILs Demand 1st Resisted by the Pre
mier of the Paris Gov
ernment.
PARIS, July 12.— The Matin to-day
says that eight days after the recall
of Nisard, former French Embassador
at the Vatican, a number of French
bishops received an order from Cardi
nal Vannutelli, acting for the Vatican,
to tender their resignations by return
mail. The Bishops, it is added, consult
ed the Minister of Public Worship and
Premier Combes, who directed them not
to tender their resignations, on the
ground that the concordat required the
assent of the state before removals
were enforced.
VATICAN ASKS FRENCH
BISHOPS TO RESIGN
Stolen Article Returned.
SANTA CRUZ. July 12. — A moving
picture machine was missing at the
Casino by the management of a vaude
ville show. Yesterday it was returned
from San Jose by express to Chief of
Police Clark.
The republic of Liberia is worried
over polygamy. A bill has Just been
laid before the Liberian Senate for tho
regulation of it.
"After having stated that I shall sup
port the ticket and after having given
my reasons for so doing. I think it due
to the Democrats of the nation to say
that, while the fight on economic ques
tions is postponed, it is not abandoned.
As soon as the election is over I shall,
with the help of those who believe as
I do, undertake to organize for the
campaign of 190S. the object being to
marshal the friends of popular govern
ment within the Democratic party 'to
the support of a radical and progres
sive policy to . make the Democratic
party an efficient means in the hands
of the people for securing relief from
the element that controls the Repub
lican party and for the time being
is In control of the Democratic party.
This plan of organization will be elab
orated 6oon."
TROUBLE IS COMING.
"After the party had rejoiced over
the harmony secured by the omission of
the question and after he had secured
the nomination, he Injected his views
on the subject at a time when he could
not be taken from the ticket without
demoralization. The nomination was
secured, therefore, by crooked and in
defensible methods, but the Democrat
who loves his country- has to make his
decision uppn conditions as he finds
them, not upon conditions as he would
like to have them.
"Judge Parker stands for enough
things that are good to justify me tn
giving him my vote; but. as I have
tried to point out for several months,
the triumph of the Wall-street element
of the party denies to the country any
hope of relief on economic questions. I
have nothing to take back. I have
nothing to withdraw of things that I
have said against the methods pursued
to advance his candidacy. It was a
plain and deliberate attempt to de
ceive the party. The New York plat
form was vague and meaningless and
purposely so. because the advocates of
Judge Parker were trying to secure
votes from among the people who
would have opposed his views had they
known them. If he had sent to the
Albany convention the telegram that
he sent to the St. Louis convention
he would have had very few instructed
delegates from the South and no possi
ble chance for the nomination. But he
and his managers adroitly and pur
posely concealed his position until the
delegates had been corraled. Then, hia
friends attempted to secure a gold
plank, which was overwhelmingly de
feated in the committee.
whether Judge Parker will carry out
the definite plank which was substitu
ted by the full committee.
It is alleged by passengers that
"Doc" Owens was on board the vessel,
traveling under another name.
4*
NEW YORK, July 12.— Soon after
the liner Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
left Cherbourg for New York, Captain
Cuppers discovered among the passen
gers five card sharps. He ordered the
posting of warning notices.
According to,the story of several pas
sengers, C. A. Partene of New York
was playing with one of the suspected
men a few nights ago and lost to him
a sum of money. To several passen
gers Partene declared that his oppo
nent had not played squarely and said
he was going to denounce him as a
common, gambler. ;
The two men met on the promenade
deck and after an argument the gam
bler lifted Partene and attempted to
throw him overboard. Several, deck
stewards' who had heard the sound of
scuffling rushed up and separated tha
two men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Continued From Page I. Column 4.
TOLEDO. Ohio, July 12.— Samuel J.
Jc-nes, the "Golden Rule Mayor," died
at his home this evening at 5:07 o'clock
as the result of a -complication of dis
eases. - The ; immediate • cause of his
death was an abscess on his lungs.
When this abscess broke the Mayor
was not strong enough to throw off
the poison from his system and death
resulted. The Mayor had suffered for
years from asthma and this was the
primary cause of his fatal illness.
The death of Mayor Jones has caused
the greatest sorrow all over the city.
Although many did not believe in his
ideas on sociological problems, every
body loved and respected him. His one
great hold on The people of Toledo was
his honesty. The Mayor was taken ill
two weeks ago last Saturday and for
the last forty-eight hours previous to
his death was in a comatose condi
tion. He did not regain consciousness
during that time. All the members of
his family were at his bedside at the
time of his death. He left a widow and
three sons, Percy. Paul and Mason
Jones. He will be succeeded as Mayor
by Robert Finch, president of the City
Council.
The remains of Mayor Jones will lie
in state at Memorial Hall on Thursday
and Friday until noon. The funeral
services will be held at the Jones resi
dence on Friday afternoon at 1 o'clock.
The remains will rest on the veranda,
from where the addresses will be made.
The lawns will be open to all. The
pallbearers will be selected from his
employees. '¦:.'
tempt to Commit Murder
Gambler on Atlantic Liner
Is Frustrated in an At-
DEATH'S CALL
SOUNDED FOR
MAYOR JONES
DENOUNCES PARKER AND GOLD WIKG
KANSAS CITY. Mo., July 12.—
Frank Holtman, who has confessed
that he and Mrs. Myers killed Clar
ence H. Myers, a printer, in this city,
arrived here to-day in company with
Detective Oldham, who captured him
at Walla Walla. Wash. Holtman
feared that he would be lynched, but
was taken by a roundabout course to
the jail.
At Walla Walla Holtman asserted
that Mrs. Myers cut her husband's
throat while he held Myers. Accord
ing to Chief Hayes. Holtman now says
he himself did the actual killing.
Slayer of Printer Taken to Jail by
Roundabout Course at Kansas
City.
PEARS FOR HIS LIFE
3IAKE MURDERER CRINGE
PARIS. July 12.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day held a tumultuous ses
sion over the report of the committee
which has been Investigating the Char
treuse scandal. The report says that
the charges of attempted bribery were
not sustained and expressed regret that
Premier Combes had made such
charges.
This declaration aroused violent op
position upon the part of the friends of
the Premier,* who brought forth a coun
ter proposition declaring that the Pre
mier and Government were above all
suspicion and denouncing their calum
niators. A noisy debate ensued, during
which the 'Premier censured a number
of Deputies for disorderly conduct.
Eventually the Chamber adopted by
a large majority a resolution declaring
that the Premier and Government were
above suspicion and unanimously
adopted a clause of the resolution de
nouncing the calumniators.
During the disorderly debate M. de
Baudry d'Ausson, Conservative, sought
to place a mock crown of laurel upon
M. Combes as the latter was withdraw
ing from the Chamber. The large
Combes majority terminates the ru
mors that the Investigation might lead
to his retirement from the premier
ship.
Disorderly Debate Occasioned by Re
port of Committee Which Inves
tigated Premier's Charces.
TUMULTUOUS SESSION
OF THE FRENCH DEPUTIES
Hulit will visit several European
countries fn search of a hardy breed
of goats best adapted to introduce into
the United States. He believes that he
will find the most satisfactory animals
in Norway, where there are goats tlfcat
combine hardiness with good milking
qualities.
There are at present about 2,000.000
goats in the country. Mulit is setting
about the task of increasing that num
ber by 18.000,000 and his visit to Wash
ington was for the purpose of arrang
ing to have a large number of these
animals imported free of duty under
the provision of the Dingley act per
mitting free importation of animals
brought into the United States for
breeding purposes.
Incidentally, in discussing his plans,
Hulit told what a great thing it would
be if the goat industry could be es
tablished in the United States. He
said it would give employment to more
persons than are employed by the
United States Steel Corporation and
there was splendid profit to be made In
selling goats' milk at 10 cents a quart.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 12.— A. B. Hulit
of Missouri, who is now in Washington
on his way to Europe for a cargo of
goats, proposes to revolutionize the
method of feeding infants in the United
States. Hulit has been in Chicago
where, with the aid of prominent phy
sicians, he conducted experiments
which have convinced him that tuber
culosis cannot be transmitted by goats'
milk. He estimates that but 20,0,00.000
goats will be required to afford enough
milk for the babies of the United
States. * t v ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
TRIES TO HURL
MAN OVERBOARD
SAN JOSE, July 12.— The Democrats
of this city have organized a Parker
and Davis Club and . will open head
quarters for the campaign. A meeting
to ratify the nominations will be held
shortly. The officers of the club are as
follows: T. A. Carroll, president; W.
B. Hardy, vice president; C. T. O'Con
nell, secretary; L. E. Bontz, treasurer.
Executive committee. Thomas Bodley,
William Johnson. H. A. Gabriel,
Thomas Dougherty, J. Belloli, J. W.
O'Brien and E. Prindivllle.
San Jose Democrats Organize.
XEW YORK, July 12. — What was
the largest election bet recorded in the
present campaign was made yesterday
when a well-known New York busi
ness man wagered $20,000 to $10,000
that Roosevelt would win.
So far as can be ascertained this is
the largest wager ever made at the in
ception of a political campaign. In
the election betting circles on the
Broad-street curb yesterday Roosevelt
money was unobtainable at 2 to 1 and
the odds shifted to 10 to 7 later in the
day. '
New Yorker Wagers $20,000 to $10,000
on Rciiublican Leader.
BETS OX ROOSEVELT.
Expert Asserts That Their
Milk Is a Preventive of
Tuberculosis, in Infants
GOATS TO SAVE
LIVES OF BABES
Yes, I'd rather ride than go fishing
even," he added with a laugh.
The Vice Presidential candidate re
fuses to talk on the money question.
He has made no campaign plans, but
has arranged to meet Senator Hill in
two weeks for that purpose.
HONOLULU, July, 12. — H. J. Woods,
who was elected as Hawaii's represen
tative on the National Democratic
Committee, will, it is said, resign in
favor of C. J. McCarthy, who was a
candidate against Woods for the place.
The reason* for Woods* retirement
after his long fight for the position is
unknown.
Hawaii's Committeeman Will Resign.
REPUBMCAN SENATOR AND SON
IX-I.AW OF DEMOCRATIC NOM
INEE TOR VICE PRESIDENT.
Thomas W. Hickey, chairman of the
County Committee, promptly ruled the
amendment out of order, hence Cook
and his followers were not able to ob
tain the sense of the committee on the
proposition to allow each district to
manage its own affairs. The anti
machine Democrats insist that the fight
is not ended. When the time comes for
making up delegate tickets for the local
convention and for the Santa Cruz con
vention district meetings will be held
to select men to be voted for as dele
gates to such conventions, and the Reg
istrar will be requested to recognize
such tickets as official.
lected from each Assembly district within this
city and county by a majority of the members
of the committee from each of said Assembly
districts or In open district meetings held un
der their direction: and the number of dele
gates to be apportioned to each of said Assem
bly districts- for such conventions shall be
fixed and determined by this committee at least
days prior to any such primary election
and such delegates selected as aforesaid snail
be official selections of the Democratic party
of the city and county of San Francisco.
The dose was insufficient to produce
death. The woman was desperate and
Insisted that they both swallow a larger
Quantity. Orth declined and hoping to
Inspire Mm with the requisite cour
age she swallowed the fatal dose and
died immediately.
The amount already taken by Orth
had left him in a serious condition,
however, and some doubt of his re
covery exists.
Orth and the woman met last even-
Ing and determined to die together.
They purchased a quantity of rough
on-rats, and repaired to the home of a
neighbor. Early this morning they
swallowed the deadly drug. locked their
arms about each other and awaited
death.
DAVENPORT. Iowa, July 12.—Dav
enport and Rock Island society Is scan
dalized by the suicide of Mrs. Minnie
Garner and the attempted suicide of
her lover, Arthur Orth.
Orth holds one of the choicest Gov
ernment position* In the Rock Island
arsenal, •which is midway between the
two cities, and Mrs. Garner and her
husband have occupied a prominent po
eltlon in Davenport society. The hus
band had no knowledge of her infat
uation for Orth until the news of the
tragedy was borne to him to-day.
Special XMsptteh to The Call.
"President Roosevelt has given the
people a wise and pure administration
that commends itself to all our peo
ple. The President has so commended
himself to the people that he has been
renominated without opposition, and
with him for Vice President Charles
\ Warren Fairbanks, one of our purest,
; ablest, most experienced and conserva
tive statesmen. Under the leadership
of these men with the flag of protec
tion floating high- over it, the Repub
lican party will triumph.
! "President Roosevelt already stands
; as one of the remarkable figures in our
history. He walks hand in hand with
destiny and at times seemingly compels
it to do his bidding. The American
. people will not turn away from him
I to risk or follow an untried man on an
¦"ambiguous, evasive and un-American
| platform."
WHEELING. W. Va., July 12.— At
the close of the first day of the most
turbulent political- convention in the
history of the State, following the bit
terest fight the party has ever" expe
rienced, William Mercer Owens.Daw
son is the Republican nominee for
Governor of West Virginia. Claims of
accessions from the ranks of the Daw
son followers, made by .« the managers,
of Charles Teter's candidacy, deter
mined the Dawson leaders to make a
test of strength early in the day, and
it came when a motion to dispense
with the committee on credentials, re
sisted stubbornly by the Teterites, was
carried by more than 100 majority.
The Dawson faction followed Its ad
vantage and, despite scenes of the
wildest disorder, during which Senator
Elkins threatened to withdraw from
his position as chairman, they forced a
nomination before the platform was
prepared. The resolutions committee '
will not meet until to-morrow morning,
but the candidate is named. The re
mainder of the ticket will be chosen on
Wednesday.
The convention was called to order
at 12:30 o'clock in the Wheeling Ca
sino, four miles east of the city. Sen
ator Elkins was temporary chairman.
In his speech he said:
"The Democratic party, in its de
sire to capture the State, has nominated
for Vice President one of our most
distinguished citizens and the foremost
Democrat in this State; but in this,' as
in most everything else, the Demo
crats made a mistake. Senator Davis,
to whom I am so nearly related and
for whom I cherish feelings of the high
est regard, admiration and affection,
is a man of affairs and an experienced
statesman, having served his State
creditably in the Senate for twelve
years. With these qualifications and
this fitness he should have been named
for the first place instead of a- man
without a record and without business
or political experience. West Virginia
cannot be beguiled into giving up pro
1 tection and sound money to make
Judge Parker President, even if by so
doing they make Senator Davis Vice
President. I have not the slightest
\ doubt of victory next November. There
is no good reason why a Republican
should change his vote on State and
national politics, but many and
> weighty reasons why he should not.
"The Democracy of West Virginia
I advocates the astounding proposition,
! should it come into power, in the State,
! of disfranchising 15,000 loyal colored
Republicans and robbing them of the
rights of citizenship guaranteed by the
constitution and for which many of
: them and their fathers fought in the
\ war of the Union. Republicans must
and will resist this proposition, be
; cause it is, not only wrong in itself,
, but unfair and unjust tfl a large body
I of law-abiding, worthy and industrious
; citizens.
All delegates to be elected to any local or
district convention under the laws of thi3
State governing primary elections shall be ss-
The amendment was as follows:
At a recent meeting of the Demo
cratic County. Committee In Native
Sons Hall William Hoff Cook proposed
an amendment to the constitution giv
ing to each Assembly district the right
to prepare its regular ticket for the
district.
When Tarpey, comes marching home
there will be something doing in poli
tics. As the representative of Cali
fornia Democrats In the national com
mittee of the party he will expect to
be consulted on subjects pertaining to
the management of the campaign in
this State. He will confer with James
H. O'Brien and others in making up
Assembly district delegate tickets to
be voted for at the August primary
election. A victory for Tarpey and
O'Brien, such as winning a majority of
delegates to the local and State con
ventions, would not dislodge McNab
from his position as chief director of
the Democratic organization, because
the early convention . of the party at
Santa Cruz selected the 'State Central
Committee or governing body and Mc-
Nab was 'clever enough to seize the
works while Tarpey was fighting for a
Hearst delegation to the St. Louis con
vention.
There will be something else, how
ever, to wrangle over. Candidates for
the Electoral College and nominees for
Congress and the State Legislature are
to be named, and Tarpey has no
thought of accepting the McNab pro
gramme. Neither will the Assembly
district tickets prepared by the organi
zation be accepted as the regular party
tickets.
Mr. Knight, while confident of ulti
mate success in the fight for the Sen
atorship, does not expect or desire
hard and fast pledges from members
of the Legislature. On this topic he
remarks:
, "I do not want the county conven
tions that will meet to nominate can
didates for the Assembly and Senate
to instruct such candidates to vote for
me for United States Senator; I want
all nominees to be free and unpledged,
that they may exercise their own good
judgment for what is best for the Re
publican party. When the Legislature
meets in January next, if after a can
did and careful consideration of .all
the aspirants for the great honor I
am not the favored one, I want every
member of that body to feel he ha3
broken no pledge or promise and that
I will still be a Republican -and will
cheerfully indorse the Judgment
of that branch of the State govern
ment that has honestly carried out
the people's wishes."
Geoge A. Knight's candidacy for the
office of United States Senator is free
ly discussed in political circles. Sen
ator Thomas Selvage left trie city yes
terday for Humboldt County and upon
his arrival in Eureka will preach the
gospel of Knight. It seems that some
early missionary work for Henry T.
Oxnard in that region of the redwoods
must be undone in order to give
Knight the middle of the road.
Senator Selvage will place prompt
denial on all reports to the effect that
Mr. Oxnard is the only Senatorial as
pirant who is close up to the Presi
dent. Moreover the impression that
George Knight cooes like a .dove oa
the first syllable of President Roose
velt's name will be removed or soft
ened. ¦¦--•:* -'-*
Howard, who is nicknamed "Happy,"
sat on his father's knee and told his
story, while another brother, 2 years
old. leaned against his father's chair
and lisped "Happy did it."
Howard Is a bright looking child and
was nicknamed "Happy" because of his
sunny disposition.
CINCINNATI, July 12. — Because his
4-months-old brother would not stop
crying. Howard Dobell, the 5-year-old
son of Jospeh Q. Dobell of this city,
killed the infant last night by beating
him on the head with a hatchet. This
morning he calmly and in childish
prattle, which showed that he did not
realize the gravity of his act, con
fessed that he had struck the baby.
Special Diip&tch to The Call.
ESOPUS, July 12.— It is beginning to
be a source of wonder as to what has
become of the telegram to Judge Par
ker which was formally adopted by the
St. Louis convention on Saturday
night. It has not reached Esopus and
Judge Parker knows its tenor only
from the press bulletin which was tel
ephoned to him that night and from
the newspapers of the next day. It
may have gone astray, as did the
Hearst telegram, which reached Judge
Parker only after it had been dupli
cated -twenty-four hours after it was
filed in Chicago.
Judge Parker sent to former Presi
dent Cleveland this afternoon a letter
in reply to the latter's telegram of con
gratulation. The letter is of consider
able length, but its contents have not
been made public.
Courage of Her Paramour
Fails Him and He Bef uses
to Swallow a Second Dose
Calmly and in Childish
Prattle Baby Lips Lisp
Story of the Fatal Blow
When Tarpey Comes March
ing Honie There Will Be
War in Democratic Camp
Stormy Convention of
the West Virginia
Republicans;
TELLS FATHEE OF DEED
BACE FEEE FOE ALL
Nominee Fails to Re
ceive Reply to His
Telegram v
FAITHLESS WIFE DIES
Iowa Society Woman and
Her Lover Use Rough on
Eats to End Their Lives
Strikes Infant on Head With
a Hatchet Because He
Would Not Stop Crying
George A. Knight Does Not
Ask County Conventions to
Pledge in His , Behalf
Respects Davis Highly ,
but Hopes to See
Him Lose.
Convention's Message
to Judge Parker
Is Missing.
GUILTY PAIR
TAKE POISON
BOY OF FIVE
KILLS BROTHER
PREPARATIONS
FOR CAMPAIGN
SENATOR ELKINS ADV0CATES
DEFEAT OF FATHER-IN-LAW
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 190«.
3
AJqEBTIEEMBHTa.
I ..ROOS BROS. CLOSED TODAY... ft
WHY?
\£2r '-¦"•¦•-•; {£,*
During the alterations which are now in prog-
ress we mean to hold a general clearance
sale, the price inducements of which will
supersede any like event ever held in San
Francisco. We have closed our store to-day
¦ to mark down our' men's, boys' and chil- J
y dren's clothing, hats and furnishings, full
particulars of which will appear in to-mor-
row morning's papers. The store will open \
Thursday morning at 9 o'clock.
1 ¦ '• "-i /n
1 ' - —^^^ * /
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL
Swamp-Root, discovered by th« emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist,
promptly cures kidney, liver, bladder and
uric add troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel
or^ calculi, bloating, sallow complexion,
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, sup-
pression of urine, or compelled to pass
water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the world-famous kidney remedy, ! Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for Its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have the
best
Swamp-Root la not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and
one dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about it. includ-
ing many of the thousands of letters re-
ceived from sufferers cured, both sent
free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binshamton. X. T.. and please be sure to
mention that you read this generous of-
fer in The San Francisco Dally Call.
Don't make any mistake, but remember
the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Bingham-
ton. N. Y.. on every bottle.New Pastor at Santa Cruz.
Police of Brooklyn . Discover Crime,
but are Unable to Secure ,Clew
¦ to Perpetrator.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The bodies
of George F.-Abbott and William Van
Helser were found to-day In a Brook
lyn Junk shop, which 'apparently had
been ¦ set on fire after the men were
killed. ; Both the' men; had been shot
and their skulls fractured.'" There, is
no clew : to the murderer.
BODIES OF TWO MURDERED
MEN FOUND IN JUNK SHOP
SANTA CRUZ. July 12.— F. S..Gran
ger, who has purchased the Santa
Cruz Electric Railway, is to make
numerous improvements at . the end
of the line at the cliff.
The kiosk on the bluff arid the ca
sino are to be Illuminated, the ball
room fitted up and chairs and. benches
placed at points of vantage along the
cliff.
Santa Cruz Car Service Improved.
SAN RAFAEL, July 12.— Warden
Tompkins has, issued an order prohib
iting any daily papers from being de
livered on the prison grounds. Here
tofore pipers have been delivered by
carrier to the guards and other officials
who reside inside the prison reserva
tion. ¦
Dally Papers Forbidden.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 12. — The
Coroner's jury to-day returned its ver
dict in the case . of the riot between
soldiers and negroes in this city on
July 1* when William Carpenter, a
negro, was killed and -Walter Jones, a
soldier, was wounded. The jury found
that Carpenter came to his death by a
gunshot wound inflicted by Jones. As
sistant Prosecuting Attorney Klein an
nounces he will file information charg
ing Jones with murder in the first de
gree. Jones is recovering from the
wound, received. .--,:
Returns Verdict Accusing /Trooper
of Slaying Negro in Street Fight
in Cheyenne.
CORONER'S JURY SAYS
SOLDIER FIRED SHOT
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Miss Mabel
Jamison, sister of Mrs. M. H. Hyland,
vas married this evening to First Lieu
tenant John Wilber Ward of the Fif
teenth Infantry at Monterey. Judge
Hyland performed the ceremony. Mrs.
F. F. Webber was matron of honor and
Migs Claribel Battee and Clara Wastie
bridesmaids, Captain Armsted attended
the groom.
Weds an Army Officer.
Idaho will make a big exhibit of tin
ore at the world's fair. Important dis
coveries of this metal, so rare irf Amer
ica, were recently made .near Salmon
City. Idaho.
Contract Let for Stanford Library.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— A contract was
recorded here to-day between Mrs.
Stanford and the McGilvray Stone
Company for the stone and brick work
of the new library building at Stanford
University. It will be an imposing !
structure of three stories, surmounted
by a lofty dome. The price named is
$271,241, and the work is to be com
pleted by July 1, 1903. It will be located
600 feet north of the northeast corner
of the quadrangle.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 12.— The
Eteamer Quito that ran ashore in Na
naimo harbor, was floated j this after
noon at high tide, and proceeded on
her way.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 12.— The
British steamer Quito is piled ud on
a sandbar in Nanaimo harbor. She
was loaded with coal and cleared for
Nome this morning. The pilot took
the wrong side of the beacon and slid
tip on the bar. She lies astern over
hanging the channel. She will have
to be lightered.
STEAMER IS STRANDED
IN NANAIMO HARBOR
tempting to cress in front of a Santa Fe
passenger train at Arlington to-ni^ht
Frank Mazzole. wife and two children,
were struck by the engine. A 11-year
old boy was instantly killed and the
others were so badly Injured that ail
may die. They were taken to the San
ta Fe hospital at San Bernardino.
Die. , V
RIVERSIDE, July 12.— While at-
Boy Succumbs to Injuries and All the
Other Victims May
WHOLE FAMILY HURT
BY PASSENGER TRAIN'
Mrs. Shaw, who Is an aged woman,
was released by her daughter. Miss
Anna M. Shaw, and her escort, who re
turned from a visit with a neighbor
about 10 o'clock. The case was not
reported to the police. It Is the first
crime of Its kind that has occurred for
more than eighteen months.
SEATTLE, July 12.— Robbers gagged
and bound Mrs. Nellie Shaw to the
piano in her home at Georgetown
Sunday and left her for two hours un
able to move or make an outcry.
After securely fastening their victim
they ransacked the house and stole $10
in cash and a few small articles of
jewelry. Then they locked all the
doors and windows of the house, threw
the keys in the yard and made their
escape.
Robbers Use Rough Means to Ac
complish Purpose, but Secure
Small Sum.
BIND AND GAG WOMAN
AND RANSACK HOUSE
FALL RIVER. Mass., July 12. — It
was practically settled to-tlay t..at i
general reduction of wages in the cot
ton mills of Fall River would b»
ordered to take effect July 23. It is ex
pected the proposed reduction wf:i
average 123& per cent. More than 25.
000 operatives win be affected.
ered 12»/a Per Cent.
Cotton Mill Hand* to Have Pay Low-
WILL REDUCE WAGES.
Gardner's fall in London Circus
was witnessed by a*well known bank
er of New York. The performer, al
though badly stunned for a moment,
was so cool over his -misfortune that
the " banker became* interested and
gave directions that a nurse be em
ployed and the young man treated re
gardless of expense. His directions
were followed and during the last
three years every effort has been made
to patch up the injured spine, but the
surgeons finally declared that It could
not be accomplished. -»
AnJ agent of the banker was at the
pier when the steamer arrived to di
rect the handling of the stretcher
upon which* the cripple lay v
NEW YORK. July 12. — Louis M.
Gardner of Milwaukee, Wis., a trapeze
performer, whose back was broken
three years ago by a fall during an
exhibition in London, has arrived
here. He is being taken back to his
old home, after having been treated
by the best European specialists, who,
however, gave no hope for his recov
ery. . r i/'
Specialists of Europe Unable to Give
Relief to Injured Trapeze
Artist.'
SCIENTISTS FAIL TO MEND
PERFORMER'S BROKEN BACK
BAKERSFIELD, July 12. — From a
reliable source it is learned that the
Standard Oil Company is making ar
rangements for the laying of a twelve
inch pipe line from tb£ midway field
to the Pacific at Port llarford, a dis
tance of about 115 miles, across the
new Cuyama and Carisa districts,
where a large amount of land has
been taken ud. but practically no ac- I
tual work done. Surveys for pipes!
lines over this second district have i
been projected from time to time by J
an independent company without re- t
suit, but it is now learned -that the ¦
Standard has already made contracts •
for the hauling of supplies for the
line, although the matter has been
managed so quietly that no knowledge
of it became public until a few days
ago. Hitherto the Standard Company
has done no business whatever In the
west side fields of Kern County.
Twelve-Inch Pipe From Bakcrs
* Held to Pacific.
Rockefeller Interests Plan to Lay
WILL CONSTRUCT OIL
, LINE TO TORT HARFORD
MILWAUKEE, July 12.— The initial
st^P toward the formation of an or
ganization to include all the maritime
crafts in the world was taken to-day
by the convention of International
Longshoremen, Marine and Trans
portation Workers' .association. Tha
adopting of resolutions declaring in
favor of this world's organization and
the appointment of a committee to con
sider ways and means for bringing it
about are the fruitage of years of labor
on the part of President O'Keefe. Sec
retary Barter and other leaders.
Labor Leaders Take Steps to Form
Organization to Cover World.
MAMMOTH UNION PLANNED.
THE DALLES, Or.. July 12.— On her
down trip this morning the fast river
steamer Charles R. Spencer met with
a bad accident about eight miles north
of this, city near Rowena staUon, break
ing her hog chains and making it
necessary for her captain to beach her
on the Oregon shore.
The accident was due to the exceed
ingly rough water caused by the heavy
gale which had blown all night and
was still high. Owing to the prompt
action of the officers no alarm was
created among the passengers, who
were immediately landed and walked
to the nearby railway station. The
steamer still lies on the beach, from
which position she will be towed to
this city as early as possible for re
pairs. There was little damage besides
the breaking of the hog chains.
Heavy Storms Cause Accident to the
Charles R. Spencer, but No
Alarm Is Created.
BOAT IS BEACHED AND
PASSENGERS GO ASHORE
Provisions cost about twice as much
as in Dawson. These prices are low
as compared with those prevailing be
fore the first steamers arrived in June
vith supplies, which broke the long
¦winter fast. Wild goose eggs sold
during the winter at fifty cents each.
Hunters brought in many eggs, which
almost prevented famine, serving as
a substitute for fresh meat, which was
unobtainable.
Twenty miles of pay dirt, located
along the various creeks, give promise
of high times next winter, when the
output will become larger. Much min
ing machinery Is being taken in in an
ticipation of the next winter's work.
Most of it will remain on the river
bank until the snows come, because the
cost of hauling it over the rough sum
mer roads is prohibitive.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 12.— Alaskan
advices state that Fairbanks, the me
tropolis of the Tanana district, has
become a typical frontier mining 'town
with ten saloons. Gambling is carried
on in all of them, besides in cigar
stores. So far currency has been scarce
and gold dust passes for currency as
formerly at Dawson. The camp has
been very orderly and little thieving
exists. Marshal Wickersham, a brother
of Judge Wickersham, comprises the
Chief of Police and entire . force.
Metropolis of Tanana District is Pros
perous and Outlook for tbc Sea
son Is Good.
FAIRBANKS A TYPICAL
FRONTIER 3IINING CAMP
TOPEKA, Kans., July 12.— W. S.
Stark, who has charge locally of the
Santa Fe machinists' strike, says the
conditions of the strike are perfectly
satisfactory to the men.
"The Santa Fe Is having* much more
trouble with* its engines than it will
confess," he said. "Our bulletins from
over the road show the condition of
things just as they are."
The report here to the effect that
the Santa Fe boiler-makers will be
called out on July 15 is not confirmed
by the local officials, but there is a dis
position among ' the strikers to be
lieve it.
MAY CALL OUT BOILER-MAKERS.
Santa Fc Machinists Look for a
Spread of the Strike.
ST. LOUIS, July 12,— The following
visitors from . California have regis
tered at the California building:^ .
San • Francisco— E. O. Cochrane and wife,
Mrs. C. Sullivan, i Mrs. A. J. '- Brown. Mrs. W.
R. : Kemblc, M. Ryan, Mrs. F. Clegs. W. ¦- H.
Ryan. S. Ostrander, A. Brown, M.- Q. Bur
ham, A. Olwell. E. Walt. M.' Griffin, Misa M.
Furrier. W. Toni. Mrs. . C. B. Roberts, W. D.
Walker. Mra. E. Brutn. * P. • Gordeff.' . J. F.
Lfiwler. C. • A. , Bantel, ¦- Mlsa L. Bantel. J. N.
Eaton,. L. Bendereald, J.. Beegan, Charles
Llex, A. • C. Rlddler. ' W. L ¦ Garms. E. O.
Baber, M.:Pewtress, Mrs. C Hoffmann. CM.
Smith and wife, W. J. Ahamey. .
' Los 'Angeles— MUsB. Savoy. H. Willard.
reople From All Sections of State
Visit the Exposition./
CALIFORNIANS AT FAIR!
The County Commissioners from Cal
ifornia are applauding Judge Willis as
the most gallant man from the Golden
State in St. Louis. He was at the* Cal
ifornia delegation headquarters on the
night that Dr. Mary Walker made her
visit there. The rest of* the crowd,
which included many Easterners, had
fun with the lady in silk tile and trous
ers, but when she suddenly announced
that she wanted some gentleman to es
cort her to the cars, two blocks away,
and put her on ' the right one for the
Laclede Hotel, there w*as a panic. The
door was blocked with Democrats' who
suddenly had to go into caucus else
• where. Men who had faced heavy ar
tillery, cyclones land Bryan without
flinching looked for any sort of a hole
when Dr. Mary Walker made ¦ her. re
quest. Mary , looked pained and , sur
prised, and repeated her coy invitation,
but it appeared that every man present
was busy except Judge Willis, who
stepped forward and acted as escort.
He did not return to the Jefferson 'that
night, 'but all the Calif ornians were
satisfied he had not kept Mary out late,
as the. Judge in-very considerate of the
female sex. This little act has brought
him 3udden fame' and also a photo
graph of the lady^ which he will exhi
bit with the hop horse and prune bear.
M. J. Dillman, one of the Sacramento
County Supervisors,' is visiting the ex
position, i'v-i'l'*''*
Louis Dreyfus, a Santa Barbara cap
italist, is at the fair. .;/.¦.
S. F. McAner, a Sacramento insur
ance man, is among the fair visitors.
A coach load of Santa. Ana citizens
has reached the exposition under care
of J. A. Turner of that city and the ex
cursionists are being looked after by
Commissioner Joplin of Orange.
Harry A. Gillig. the commissioner
sent by German wine growers on the
Rhine to investigate the 'wine industry
of California preliminary to the exodus
of many vineyardists of the Rhine to
the Golden State, registered at the Cal
ifornia wine men's exhibit and wrote
after his name: "This is truly a 'sun
rise exhibit.'- Calif ornians should
drink their own wines. They are good
enough for anybody."
' Gillig explained to Commissioner Ha
ber that a "sunrise exhibit" meant to
him one that resembled the rising sun,
rather than the setting sun, more fre
quently associated with California; but
he. also said that, rising or setting, the
exhibit would open the eyes of the
world to California's 'greatness as a
wine-producing section and serve to
bring customers from among those not
now familiar with the vintages of the
Golden State.
WILLS.A GALLANT.
Theodore Gier, one of the three Ala
meda commissioners, who has been
here some weeks in charge of the ex
hibit of that county, has returned home.
Gier is well satisfied that his county
has the best representation here and
feels confident from the many people
who have visited the booth and made
inquiries concerning the resources of
Alameda that the money expended on
the display will flow back' many fold.
Gier worked enthusiastically while'here
and his talks in praise of Alameda did
that county much good. . Webb N.
Pearce is now in sole charge of the
exhibit and will be until fall. The com
mission has full confidence in- his abil
ity to. take icare-of-th«.interests^of/ the
county-iat. the: exposition. Stanley Fish
is in charge of the Contra Costa end
of the exhibit and is doing good work
for his locality. Alameda and Contra
Costa shbw similar products.
GIER GOES HOME.
who are sometimes boiled alive at 71.
If Santa Barbara could only process
some of her climate and send it on she
would make quite a hit, but the ther
mometerj doesn't count for much to
Easterners. The question with them
is not how hot is it, but what variety
of "hot." is it.
After the maneuvers in the advance
and rear guard work General Mac-
Arthur addressed the officers of the
opposing forces and expressed satisfac
tion with the work of the troops.
Captain F. G. Lawson will leave for
Vancouver Barracks next week. Be
fore leaving he will supervise the prac
tice of the team selected from the
Ninth Infantry to compete in the shoot 1
at Monterey, Cal., beginning July 25. '
General Eunston will not leave for
the East until October and will inspect
the military posts In Alaska as far
north as Nome this summer.
Troops nt American Lake and Is
Phased at' Work.
TACOMA, Wash., July 12. — Brigade
drill to-day was the order of the day
f or the - soldiers at American Lake.
The troops were drilled in solid for
mation and as skirmishers. At the di
vision review Sunday morning on the
open prairie, off Lakeview, Major Gen
eral MacArthur and staff, General
Funsftm and staff, Governor McBride
and staff and probably "the Governor
of Idaho and staff will be present.
Colonel Herbert Foster, military at
tache of the British embassy, Wash
ington, D. C, is among the notable
visitors at the camp. .
General MncArthur Reviews the
NOTABLES ATTKXD THE
ARMY MANEUVERS
"To get these labels was the first re
quisite of the successful prosecution of
the new method. They may have been
printed and placed in the hands of men
who could affix them to thq trunks or
they may have .been washed off trunks
properly passed by expressmen who are
employed to transport them from the
piers.
In a single trunk passed by the dupli
cate label system a smuggler might
bring into America enough diamonds
to make him independently wealthy.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Behind the
arrest of the wireless telegraph op
erator and a hospital steward employ
ed on one of the largest transAtlantic
liners, charged with smuggling Suma
tra tobacco, the customs officials claim
to have unearthed a new and ingenious
method of. smuggling diamonds, silks,
tobacco and other merchandise which
should pay a high duty.
Trunks containing the merchandise
which the conspirators arranged to
smuggle into the v United States are,
under the scheme, said to have been
in use, marked with a private mark
and placed with the hundreds of other
trunks owned by passengers. * On ar
rival at this port the confederates of
the smugglers on board the ship were
in a position to reach the baggage and
upon the trunks of the smugglers they
pasted the special label, indicating that
an inspector had examined the contents
of the trunk and found, nothing dutia
ble :_therein. 'When the customs offi
cials .came across a trunk with such -a
label on it they passed on. The trunk
was then carried to the pier, and pass
ed into the hands of its owners.
Arrest of Wireless Operator Leads to
Discovery of Plan of Gang of
Smugglers. . —
SCHEME TO DEFRAUD
GOVERNMENT EXPOSED
J. H. WILLIS OF SACRAMENTO,
ONE OF THE HARD WORKERS
AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR.
To-morrow the surrounding- country
will be visited under the guidance of
the Chamber of Commerce of Eureka.
There is n» programme for to-night.
The local committee, with rare judg
ment and foresight, thought it best to
let the visitors rest. All will sleep with
visions of giant redwoods, stage
drives, fog effects, bands playing, bril
liant electric cars, hospitable people
and at last real bed. Arriving at their
rooms each member found his baggage
awaiting him and also cards of ad
mission to the Humboldt Club, as well
as all sorts of invitations to banquets
and functions prepared in their honor.
The party came to Eureka, where an
informal reception awaited the guests.
It was natural that the party should be
tired when they reached Eureka. A
stage ride of forty-five miles in one
day over mountain roads is no joke.
But that tired feeling disappeared
when the band commenced to play. Not
only did the people of Eureka have -a
band to welcome the party, but a spe
cial electric car, gayly decorated and
brilliant with electric effects, to con
vey them to the Hotel Vance, where
they will be the guests of Mr. Dough
erty during the stay in Eureka. Noth
ing is left undone by Eureka to add to
the comfort of all.
Everything in this city, of. 11.000 in
habitants, appears anxious to be at the
service of the Promotion Committee
excursionists. L
EUREKA. July 12.— After three days
of stage travel through a hundred
miles of thfe finest scenery in Califor
nia the fourth excursion party of the
California Promotion Committee ar
rived in Eureka to-night at 9:30 o'clock.
The— «irty was met at Camp Five, the
terminus of the Santa Fe system in
Humboldt County, by a special train
and the following gentlemen of Eu
reka: C. P. Soule, G. A. Kellogg, John
M. Vance, Mayor Clark, H. L. Ricks.
B. F. Porter, N. H. Pine, W. S. Van
Cott, W. N. Speegle, H. F. Charters, F.
B. Hink, J. N., Adams. L. F. Puter. H.
11. Buhne. W. E. Cook and C. P. Cut
ten. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
In the assembly hall this evening
Miss Esther Macomber gave a recita
tion, and Miss Kathleen Parlow of San
Francisco rendered a violin solo. This
little girl's performances are among tht»
most pleasant features of the assem
bly and gained well-merited applause.
The Chautauqua welcome reception
occurred in the assembly hall parlors
after the lecture this 'evening. An ad
dress was delivered by Dr. McCllsh of
San Jose and a collation was served.
To-morrow's programme includes a
conversation on art by John Ivey and
a lecture by Dr. Hillis in the evening.
Dr. Thomas Filben is very energetic
in managing the business end of the
assembly and the wide advertising is
*hov. ing good results. The classes and
t=< hools were organized to-day with full
numbers. The cookery demonstration
was made by Miss Kate E. Whi taker,
superintendent of the same department
in the S«in Francisco public schools.
I>r. H. H. Bell gave an interesting talk
on what he saw at the recent World's
Sunday School convention in Jerusa
lem. Hannah Bean, the Quakeress
pastor of Sar. Jose, delivered a lecture
on the treatment accorded to the Cali
fornia Indians and pleaded the cause
of the red man in a manner that
evoked considerable discussion.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 12.— The sil
ver anniversary of Pacific Grove Chau
t&uqua. Assembly is now being observed
here, and perfect weather marks the
occasion. The attendance is fully up
to the average and is expected to in
crease during the next few days.
Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis, the noted
Brooklyn divine, was to be the chief
attraction this evening, but he acci
dentally fetched up down at Long
Keach in5tead of here, and will not ar
rive until to-morrow evening. He is
booked here for two lectures. His place
was taken here this evening by Bishop
H. W. Warren of Denver, whose sub
ject was "America as a Missionary Na
tion." Bishop Warren is one of the
chancellors of the Chautauqua Institu
tion.
Special Dinpatch to The Call
The girl was missed front her home
this morning. She had gone avowedly
to the woods to gather berries. There
have been numerous scares of late
from mountain lions, which have be
come very bold, and when Emily did
not return in good season the alarm
was given and the neighbors turned
out to beat the woods. It was while
searching the woods that .news was
brought of the finding of the bodies.
The girl is the niece of Deputy Sheriff
Bogard of Douglass County. Coronet
Mitchell has been notified by telephone
and will repair to the scene and hold
an inquest to-morrow.
ROSEBURG, Or., July 12.— The bodies
of William Ford and Emily Bogard,
clasped in an embrace that was sever
ed with the greatest difficulty, were
found washed upon a bar in a stream
five miles below Millwood In Douglass
County this afternoon. The condition
of the remains showed that they had
been in the Water but a short time.
Ford was a married man, aged about
35, and Emily Bogard was a girl of 16.
It" is the, general belief that the couple
started to elope and fearing that cap
ture would result in disgrace to both,
they plunged into a deep pool In the
stream and were drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
News was received at a detective
agency to-day of the arrest of Jesse K.
Shields, a member of the Cooks' and
Walters' Union at Silverton. Colo., on
the charge of having murdered Arthur
Collins, the English manager of the
Tomboy mine at Telluridfe. who was
shot from -ambush about a year ago.
Shields is also accused of having killed
W. J. Barney, a deputy employed at
the Smuggler-Union mine, near Tellu
ride, who disappeared three years ago.
Shields was taken to Telluride to-day.
CRIPPLE CREEK. July 12.—Depor
tations continue to be made by the mil
itary authorities. Eleven Italians and -
Austiians were arrested soon after
their arrival at Victor and were sent
away on the next train. State Boiler
Inspector Taylor was arrested when
coming into the district over the Short
Line Railway, but was released after
he was brought to the Mine Owners*
Association and had explained his busi
ness.
"As General Bell admits that he 13
powerless to defend peaceable citizens
from the thugs and highwaymen in
Cripple Creek, I will. If you will give
me the authority, enlist two companies
of war veterans, and if you will supply
us with arms and ammunition, we will
contract to make Cripple Creek one of
the safest places In the State for any
peaceable citizen."
The Governor has not yet announced
his decision in regard to the proposi
tion.
DENVER, July 12.— Governor Pea
body to-day received a telegram from
Colonel R. B. Frye of Ouray. a veteraq
of the Civil War, saying:
That thev jean get first-class irrigat
ed orange land for from $50 to $100 an
acre is also a surprise to the home
seekers. Colonel Green and Judge Wil
lis, in charge of the display, say that
many people with enough money to
buy small homes will inspect the
orange lands of Butte, Placer, Auburn,
Glenn, Yuba, Sacramento and other
northern counties. The homeseeker in
the Sacramento Vallev exhibit is like
a woman in a department store — there
are so many, articles that look good
that she doesn't know which to choose.
The display offers a variety of agri
cultural opportunities that causes dal
liance on the part of the man who
wants to settle on a small tract, and
they nearly all come to the conclusion
that there is nothing worth while that
cannot be grown on the rich Sacra
mento Valley land.
Trees growing on their booth is a
novelty by which San Luis Obispo and
Monterey counties attract visitors. On
top of one of the columns that sur- 1
r'ound the booth is a tiny pine tree .In
a vessel. t On another is a fig tree.
Enough semi-sunshine oozes through
the immense skylights in the roof of
the Palace of Agriculture to give them
life and growth and they stand beauti
fully green and diminutively majestic
on top of the pillars— the only trees ac
tually growing. in the big structure.
GROWING TREES DISPLAYED.
But Commissioner Black and his
wife, who .represent these counties,
have gone even further Into the grow
ing-plant scheme of decoration. About
each white pillar of the booth an ivy
is entwining itself and clambering up
ward to reach the pine and the fig. The
living green against the white pillars
is a very artistic decoration. Growing
sword ferns top the columns not occu
pied by the tiny trees. ' .
It is not likely, that any one will be
appointed to fill the secretaryship of
the California World's Fair . Commis
sion made vacant by the resignation of
E..B. Willis. Miss Pringle, the stenog
rapher, will probably do the clerical
work of the office ;=ihd will be given an
assistant at a small salary.- The hard
est work is over with, but there will
still; be enough to keep this force from
ennui. ; ' ~*
Daily telegrams ' recording the tem
perature ; of Santa \ Barbara are , re
ceived at the booth of that county from
C. M. Gibriey, secretary of the Cham
ber of - Commerce of that county, and
bung ujr for. public inspection: .For five
days one .week this, temperature \ was
71 degrees : each 'day. but that didn't
particularly impress the Easterners/
HOMESEEKERS SURPRISED.
• George Marsh, who has been putting
in a Japanese exhibit in the building,
has returned to San Francisco with his
wife.
George P. "Wilcomb, who shares with
Erwin in the custody of the San Fran
cisco building, has been g*ra*ted an
other month's leave of absence by they
Golden Gate Park Commission— he is
curator of the museum at the park—
and he will remain that much longer at
the building, where his time will be
well occupied In the interests of the
city and State.
Grange, culture in the Sacramento
Valley Is a subject of -much inquiry by
Eastern visitors to the fair. The big.
oranges displayed by the Sacramento
Valley Development Association and
the information that they mature in
the valley from four- to six weeks'ear
lier than in any other part of the.'
State, thus. assuring a good price, are
arousing great Interest among pros
pective ourchasers of small farms,
hundreds of whom visit the Sacra
mento Valley and oth^r California
displays. Orange growing Is already
an important Industry In the valley
and is destined to become still greater.
Surprise is manifested by visitors
that such fine .oranges can be grown
in Sacramento and the more northern
counties, such as Butte, Yuba and
Placer. That northern California
grows great quantities of this citrus
fruit of great size and fine quality is
something new to most of the people^
of th» East, though in some cities
Sacramento Valley oranges are well
known.
CALL BUREAU, s PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS,
July 12.— Three stereopticon lectures a
day furnish pretty strenuous occupa
tion, yet that is the task that J. W. Er
win has set for himself at the San
Francisco building. There are three
things over which Erwin is enthusias
tic They are San Francisco, California
and the wizard screen. Photography
and the reproduction of scenes on the
white surface are fountains of delight
for this Amateur of the camera, and
what more natural than with his love
for the State that he claims he should
use his knowledge of the photographic
art to advance her interests? He is
doing this and in a most successful
manner.
Erwin gives one of his illustrated lec
tures at 2 o'clock at the San Francisco
building in the Model City, another at
4 o'clock and another at 8 o'clock. T*-.e
hall, which extends the full length of
the rear of the building, seats about 300
people. At the first lecture there were
about sevfenty-five people, who dropped
in casually from those coming and go
ing in the outer part of the structure.
They must have said something good
about the pictures, for at the next lec
ture there were double that many peo
ple, including some who had attended
the first one. At the third lecture there
were about the same number, but the
next day the hall was" full at all of
them and it has so ever since
whenever Erwin gave his tri-daily en
tertainment. Many of the views shown
are applauded. Up to date they have
all been of San Francisco, but the whole
State will be embraced. The lectures
will be given during the remainder of
the fair.
WILCOMB IX CHARGE.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Mrs. C. D. McCarthy, Mary McCarthy, W. A.
Strong and wife, L. Parmentler, M. N. Her
bclin, I. J. Uall. T. J. Keating. A. W. Cun
ningham. O. E. Karsteas, F. A. Beele. H. B.
Stedman. W. Sholes and family, Mrs. B.
Smith. Mi-3. C. G. Packard, R. A. Smith. E.
Cllvid, W. Kerr. Mrs. \V. I*. Thompson, S. I*.
Lucas, M. T. Martin, C. Wollen.ihlaser. Mm.
F. B. L.yona, O. Koch and wife. Mrs. G. Cape,
C. H. Selby and wife. Anne Sommermeier. J.
H. C. von der Lohe, H. L. DaBgett.
San Jose — Mrs. I. G. Sawttne. Mrs. C. B.
Cramer, 8. D.~Maltby, J. MacGregor. Bello
MacGregor, "W". J. Ctore. Fred Schail*.
San Diego— Mrs. S. M. Doris, I. W. Doris.
Miss E. Kidd.
Miscellaneous— Ruth Fletcher. C. . B. Mills.
Whittler; N. Buckmaster Redlands; P. B.
Goodell. Pasadena; II. B. Scott, Santa Cruz:
H. Prett. Valley Cante; M. Bridges, Eacondido;
F\ W. Koch, B. Keite Mrs. A. D. Keife. Mrs.
L V. Turbville. Berkeley: Miss M. Morrow,
Santa Rosa; James Brown. Stockton; C. B.
Kemblp, Concord; Mrs. A. Gogel, M. Fields,
Oakland; Mrs. H. M. little, Alameda: Mrs.
Hartman. .Miss R. Nehrbass. Sacramento; W.
H. Kelly, Berkeley; H. M.' McNamara. Mon
rovia; Mrs. A. L>. Phlles Sulsun; Mrs. D.
Marrarty. Elmhurst; J. A. Philes. Sulsun;
Mr. and Mrs. Platt. Sacramento: H. Smlllln.
Honcuts T. F. McKee. S. J. Devanner, La
Jolla; E. Fickees. Oakland; Mrs. M. Foun
tain. George Rinehart, Chico; J. A. Sawyer and
family, M. Fountain, San Rafael; Rosa B.
Turber. Cloverdale; L. Kaime, Santa Barbara;
William Kelly. Berkeley: J. A. Franlob. Mon
rovia: Mrs Theodore Jackson. Petaluma; Ruth
Spawllns. Santa Barbara; j K. L. O'Connor.
A. Amesburg, Healdsburg; Mrs. Benjamin
and daughter, Stockton: J. Kurt, Sacramento;
F. Howell. Merced: Mrs. G. H. Pewtreas,
Alameda: Mrs. H. N. Stone. San Pedro; Mrs.
P. B. Haydock, Oxnard; Mrs. C. F. Hiue,
Riverside; Belle Moore, San Bernardino: Mrs.
M. M. Dyer. Hanford; Mrs. J. W. . Porter,
Frank Lyman. ' Fresno.
Classes and Schools Are
Formed and the Work Pro
ceeds With Enthusiasm
Guilty Pair, Fearing the Re
sults of Exposure, Decide
to End Life by Drowning
Former Union Army Colonel
Says the Militia Officer
Fails to End Lawlessness
REST FOR THE GUESTS
Citizens Give an Informal
Reception to Toil rists and
Accord Freedom of City
PLANNED TO ELOPE
Large Crowds Attend
His Illustrated
NOTED MEN PRESENT
SLAP AT GENEEAL BELL
Good Attendance Marks the
. Beginning of the Anniver
sary at Pacific Grove
Humboldt Metropolis Gives
Welcome to the California
Promotion Excursionists
Bodies of Married Man and a
Sixteen-Year-Old Girl Are
Found Near a Deep Pool
Erwin Wiews Arouse
Great Interest at
the Fair. '
Asks 1 to Be Commissioner/
to, Eestore Order in ,tb|
Cripple Creek District
CHAUTAUQUANS
OPEN SESSION
EUREKA OPEN
TO VISITORS
WIZARD SCREEN ENABLES
EASTERNERS TO SEE WEST
Oranges From Sacra
mento Valley Ob
jects of Wonder.
Hornese6kers Marvel
*at Citrus Fruit
"-Display. '{'
DEATH RATHER
THAN DISGRACE
VETERAN WOULD
WAR ON THUGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13,. 190*.
A' man's wife believes every word he
says when he talks in his sleep.
¦ SANTA CRUZ, July 12.— Rev. E. C.
Phllleo, who came from Kansas sev
eral months ago, was installed as pas
tor of^the Presbyterian church this
evening. ' Rev. Mr. > Dinsmore of r San
Jose, Rev. Mr. Fraser of Los Gatos
rnd Rev. E. L. Rich of Watsonville
participated in the sc; vices. ¦. •;;
4
ADVERTISEMENTS*
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
SAX BZBO ft CO- '
Wholesale Sealers, 213 Battery St.,
Tel. Xaia . 6859. Saa ; Francisco.
BEER
§"Boftted Goodneirs?&k
A/iYa/f the Same Goocf JB)\
1 MILWAUKEE f
g "Come, give us u taste of your Quality." \
I Wiener Btztc-riiM embodiment |
I of honest components and 1
1 consummate sloQ m the art of 1
\ brewing. Has character and ti&c M
K\ tKat'$ indescribably pleasing. M k
Y^^ Ask for it down town. fJ\
IttXScnd a case S<**\
/^ I /& j Materials: — Two pounds beef, two VflL
/NJgjTT^l^J/LI^/ quarts cold water, one onion, one-half t-vU?l ?
5^*L|r .qjjrW cupful chopped carrot, stalk celery, SYiotf
Lea & Perrins 9
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
¦ Seasoning:— Those who like a piquant flavor (and who docs not)
may' quickly impart it to beef soup by adding to each
plateful a teaspoonful of Lea CS. Perrins' Sauce.
:¦'; j ; JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS* Attnt*. NBW YOJULHONOLULU, July 2.— William Mc-
Carthy and B. Edwards, two shipping
masters, have been fined ¦ $10 each '. by
United States Judge Dolef or boarding
arriving vessels- and soliciting 1 sailors
for . their boarders within ; twenty- four
hours of the arrival of the vessels.
The men were arrested under a statute
never . enforced ! here , before and the
Judge stated that • the sentences were
made light on that account.'
SHIPPING | MASTERS FINED
FOR VIOLATING OLD LAW
Punished by Honolulu Judge for
Boarding Vessels Too Soon After
Arrival in Port. ;
\ PHILADELPHIA, " July 1 2.— The
big steamship San Jacinto of the Mal
lory line was damaged to the extent
of $40,000 by fire 'to-day while lying
at Roach's shipyard. Chester, Pa.,
where she was laid up for repairs. The
fire -originated in a Yoom used for
storing oil and varnish and had gained
such 'headway before the arrival "of
the fire engines that the firemen divid
ed their attention between 1 the big ves
sel and;. the property of the shipbuild
ing company adjacent to the dock.
The' flames burned so fiercely and the
vessel was in such an inaccessible po
sition that the ¦ firemen had to work
at fa' great disadvantage. A score, of
firemen were overcome from the heat
and smoke.
Flames Break Out in Ollroom and
Total Ix>ss of Ship Is Narrowly
'¦ / Averted. • .
BIG STEAMSHIP DAMAGED
¦. ?'il BY FIRE WHILE AT DOCK
\ HAMBURG— Arrived July . 12— Stmr Tech. 1
, from . Tacoma. San Francisco, etc. via Monte
1 video and . London; Btmr Moltke. ' from New
York Plymouth "and Cherbourg.- -
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 12— Stmr Lake
Erta, 'for Montreal; - stmr Auranla. for New
Serk via Queenstown."
NEW YORK— Arrived ' July 12 — Stmr Prinz
Oskar, from Naples and Genoa.
Sailed July » 12 — Stmr Statendam, for Rotter
dam via Boulogne; stmr Carpathia, for Liver
pool: stmr Kaiser, WJlhelm II, for Bremen via
Plymouth and > Cherbourg. :- . r. v. .
LONDON— Arrived "July 12— Stmr Minne
sota.- from 'Philadelphia.
OCEAN STEAMERS
VICTORIA. B^C— Arrived July 12— Br stmr
Stentor. from Hon(?kon»..; ¦
Sailed July 12— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag*
way; stinr Umatllla, for San Francisco
COOS BAT — Arrived July 12— Schr - Melanc
thorc. hence June 22.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 12— Stmr New.
burg, hence. Ju!y;8.
SalleU July -12— Schrs Jennie "Wand and
Halcyon, for San > Francisco. •
VENTURA— Sailed July 12— Stmr Chehalis.
for San Francisco.
FORT.' BRAGG— Arrived July 12— Stmr
Greenwood, hence July "11.
- FOREIGN. PORTS.
- The *ailing of the steamer Cella wu - an
error; she -went to SausaJlto.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 12.
Tt bark General d« Bolsdeffr*. Dannerer, 160
days from Swansea.
CORRECTION.
Late Shipping Intelligence
A loose life never made a light heart
Korea is an airnost grassless land.
Implicated in the. Issuance of Fraudu
lent Securities Last Year at
Port au Prince.
" PORT AU PRINCE, July 12.— The
investigation into the issue of $200,000
in fraudulent securities early last' year
has led to the discovery that high offi
cials are Implicated. The Govern
ment, however, hesitates to arrest the
accused, owing to the probable conse
quences of such action.
HIGH OFFICERS CONCERNED
IN GOVERNMENT FRAUDS
PORTLAND, July 12.— The executive
committee of the Northern Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association met here to-day and per
fected the organization of the body.
The committee is composed of three
members, one each from Portland, Se
attle and Tacoma.
The organization has for its object
united action regarding all freight mat
ters affecting the Northwest and the
association will deal with the railroads
in an amicable and just manner.
Executive Committee of North Pa
mciflc Coast Association Meets
In Portland.
JOBBERS TO CONSIDER
.-'. .7; FREIGHT QUESTIONS
The woman was overcome - by emo
tion when 'the decision of the court
was read.
The grewsome contest began soon
after the death of Koehn, In 1903.
The mother-in-law had taken a vio
lent dislike to her son's wife and after
the son's death she took charge of the
body, superintended the burial In a
lot selected by herself, caused a name
other than his to be inscribed on the
headstone, hindered the v sorrowing
widow from decorating the grave with
flowers and " in other peculiar ways
"made the life of the plaintiff miser
able.". Mrs. 'Koehn appealed to the
courts for help.
LOS ANGELES, July 12. — After
battling eighteen months with her
mother-in-law over a humble grave
in Odd Fellows' Cemetery, Mrs. Elsie
Koehn, a young and comely widow,
was given legal right to the possession
of her husband's body by Judge Smith
in the Superior Court.
Bitter Legal Fight Between Widow
and Mother-in-Law Ends in
Victory for Former.
WINS POSSESSION OF , •¦¦;. '^
HER HUSBAND'S REMAINS
WASHINGTON. July 12.— A special
report of the Census Bureau on occu
pations shows that in continental Unit
ed States the total number of persons
engaged In gainful occupations in 1900
was 29,073,223. which was one-half of
the population 10 years of age and over
nearly two-fifths of the entire popula
tion. The total number comprises 22,
4SS.425 men, 4,833.630 women and 1,750.
l^S children, of whom 1.264,411 were
boys and 4S5.T65 girls. Those of foreign
birth aggregate 5.S51.393, or one-fifth of
the total number of the gainful work
ers.
Special Census Report Shows That
Nearly Two- Fifths of Entire Pop- •
illation Are Wage-Earners.
THIS IS A LAND WHERE
TOILERS ARE NUMEROUS
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER .
OPPOSES EXTRADITION
Canadian Under Arrest at St. Louis
Seeks Release on Writ Qf Ha
beas Corpus.
ST. LOUIS, July 12. — Habeas cor
pus proceedings were Instituted to
day in the United States Circuit Court
by Isaac Burpee of Dawson, Yukon
Territory, who is being held In St.
Louis pending the arrival of extradi
tion papers from the Canadian Gov
ernment. Burpee was arrested here
upon information furnished by Os
car La Tourneau of Dawson, who al
leges that Burpee embezzled funds
belonging to him.
GRASS VALLEY. July 12.— A ma
jority of the members of Company I
of this city declare they will not go on
the annual encampment of the Na
tional Guard and two-thirds have voted
to disband. As the result the company
will be mustered out. The. sentiment
here is against the maintenance of a
militia company and it has been ac
centuated by the recent operations of
the military against miners in Colorado,
this city being a great mining center.
Action of Military In Colorado Has
Roused Sentiment Against
the Organization.
MILITIA OF NEVADA
COUNTY TO DISBAND
Outlook Is Bright.
SAX JOSE, July 12. — Before 300
etudents of the Norman Summer
School Charles Keeler of Berkeley de
livered a lecture this moVning on
"ChMdren'6 Literature," which at
tracted the greatest interest.
The work of the summer school is
progressing in the most satisfactory'
manner, and President Dailey states
that the KetFion will be one of the
most successful ever held in this sec
tion of the country. Students are still
enrolling and the attendance, geo
graphically ppeakins, is from every
section of the United States.
CHARLES KEELER LECTURES
TO NORMAL STUDENTS
Institution's Summer Worlc Is Pro
cressins Favorably and the
STOCKTON. July 12. — Diamonds
worth 55000 have been found upon the
person of Martha Ellyson Sabin, ar
rested, here yesterday with Henry J.
Kendall for a Chicago diamond rob
bery. The woman objected strenuous
ly to being searched, but finally per
mitted the wife of Jailer Benjamin to
search her. Mrs. Benjamin found the
gems in her stockings and corsage.
There are four rings with diamond set
tings. One is worth $300, two are worth
$200 each and there is a small one val
ued at $100. There are also numerous
brooches, pins and other Jewelry with
magnificent diamonds set in them. Ex
perts pronounce them to be worth
nearly $5000. The Jewels answered the
description of some of those stolen in
Chicago. Kendall Is still In jail, being
unable to secure $5000 ball,. but the wo
man Is out on $2500 cash ball. The two
were held on a fugitive warrant' ¦ To
day, however, Chief of Police Walker
received a telegraphic warrant and an
officer Is now on the way from Chicago.
• Episcopalians throughout California
are preparing for the General Conven
tion of the church, which meets In Bos
ton early in October, and promises to
be decidedly the most sensational gath
ering the American branch of the
Anglican . communion has ever held.
The delegation from the Diocese of Cal
ifornia includes Bishop W. F. Nichols,
metropolitan of the seventh district;
the Rev. Edward L. Parsons of St.
Mark's Church, Berkeley; Rev. F. W.
Clampett, D. D., of Trinity; Archdeacon
J. A. Emery and the Rev. Mardon D.
Wilson, editor of the Pacific Church
man, with A. N. Drown, W. A. M. Van
Bokkelen, George E. Butler " and
Charles D. Havens, laymen. The first
alternates are the Rev. C. F. Sanford of
St. John's and Francis Avery. All
the delegates are preparing to be pres
ent unless unforeseen events prevent.
The coming convention will be inter
esting and Important, and its conclu
sions will mark an epoch in church, his
tory. \ The drastic marriage and divorce
canon, which absolutely prohibits the
marriage of divorced persons, will be
passed at this session, a poll of affirma
tive votes by dioceses indicating a large
majority in favor of the legislation. At
the San Francisco convention of 1901
the canon was defeated by the votes of
one diocese only. This action will give
the- Episcopal church a marriage and
divorce canon equally as stringent as
that of the Roman church.
¦ The 1 vote by dioceses on a change of
name for. the church indicate that no
substitute will be adopted at Boston.
Whatever legislation is adopted will be
effective only after three years' delay.
Bostonians are preparing for a great
display of hospitality during the sea
sions of the convention, which will be
opened with impressive ceremonies In
Trinity* Church, where Bishop Phillips
.Brooks preached his great sermons for
Diamonds Are Found Con
cealed in the Dresses of
a Woman in Stockton
Episcopal Convention at Bos
ton Will Probably Enact
Stringent Marriage Law
GEMS HIDDEN
IN GARMENTS
DIVORCE CANON
TO BE PASSED
WASHINGTON. July 12.— The Bu
reau of Insular Affairs of the War De
partment has received a copy of an en
actment of the Philippine Commission
providing for the administration and
temporary leasing and sale of the
lands commonly known as friar lands,
for the purchase of which the Govern
ment of the Philippines recently has
contracted. It provides for surveys
and permits the present occupants of
any such lands either to buy or lease
them, leases to be for three years and
at a reasonable rental. Those wishing
to purchase may do so at the actual
cost to the Government and will be al
lowed ten years to pay for them.
Disposition of Acres.
Bureau of Insular Affairs Receives
Copy of Enactment ProTldlng for
OCCUPANTS OF FRIAR
LANDS MAY BUY THEM
RENO. July 12.— Utah is losing some
of its population as the result of the
reclamation work now being carried on
by the Government in this State. A
party numbering fifty, every one .of
them a Mormon resident of the Mor
mon State, is now headed toward
Churchill County for the purpose of
taking up land and making prepara
tions to receive others who are 'now
preparing to start after them. Fallon
is their objective point. They are trav
eling overland in mule teams. Several
weeks ago they sent an agent to that
town to investigate. On the strength
of his report they have decided to for
sake the land of honey for one that
gives more promise.
Government Reclamation Work In
Sagebrush Makes Country At
tractive to Emigrants.
MORMONS LEAVE UTAH
FOR HOMES IS XEVADA
Absolutely no corroborative evi
dence of the peculiar confession can
be found. The District Attorney says
a conviction on an unsupported con
fession is impossible. Physicians who
have examined the firebug declare
him sane. So what to do with the
fellow is becoming a serious question.
REDDING. July 12. — Authorities
here are puzzled as to what disposi
tion shall be made of. Paul Clifford,
who walked into the Sheriff's office
here on May 23 and confessed to hav
ing started a fire of two nights before,
in uhich a portion of the Terry Lum
ber Company's yard was destroyed.
He said he started the fire so that he
might attract the officers to the scene
and he would be able to proceed un
molested with the burglary of the
Bank of Northern California in the
downtown district, but that running
from the fire he fell and lost the burg
lar's tools desired.
Authorities Doubt Ability to Convict
on the Unsupi>ortcd Admission
of Prisoner.
SELF-COXFESSED BURGLAR
. A WORRY TO OFFICIALS
Estimates of damages have not yet
been made. The loss will foot up sev
eral thousands of dollars. Mitchell is
the county seat of "Wheeler County.
Locney's store was the first business
building to succumb. Two livery barns
directly in the path of destruction were
carried away. About forty head of
etock had not been recovered and were
drowned. Everything else on the way
down stream was washed away. The
postoffiee, Oakes' mercantile store and
Waterman's general store were out of
the main path of the flood. The stock
cf these places of business was damag
ed to seme extent. The Mitchell Sen-
Ur.el office was ruined by the mud and
debris deposited. Stories of the death
cf Martin Smith and Mrs. Bettman
vary. Both were aged people, close to
the century mark.
The main portion of Mitchell lies in
a narrow canyon. A storm of un
usual severity had raged in the hills
<5uring the afternoon and the inhabi
tants, mindful of the disaster to Hepp
ner of a year ago. betook themselves
to high ground along the side of the
canyon. About 6 o'clock the roar of
th.e approaching wave could be heard,
trrowing louder with its nearer ap
proach. The crash of the great mass
cf -water as it struck the first build
ings was deafening, drowning the
Ehrieks of terror of women and chil
dren as they strove to climb still high
er cut cf harm's way.
Far dawn ahead of the yellow mass
rode a messenger on horseback, warn
ing those still farther down stream of
Impending death. The buildings in the
path of the flood were swept away like
eo much brush. Of over a score
ecarcely a vestige remains, save where
shattered boards and timbers are
caught by trees and brush far below
the town site. The business portion of
Mitchell was not greatly damaged, be
ing built on ground above the reach
of the main force of the torrent. On
the north side all the buildings, some
tw€r.ty-€ight in all, were carried away.
2JTTCHELL1, Ore.. July 12.— A wave
cf water from twenty-five to thirty
feet high swept down Bridge and Mill
Creek canyons, •which emerge Just
ebove town, and destroyed a great por
tion cf this place about 6 o'clock last
eight. Warned by a storm of unusual
violence, accompanied by a brilliant
electrical display, all escaped, bo far
as known, but Martin Smith and Mrs.
Bettman. They were caught by the
Jlood and drowned.
Special Dispatch to Tit Ca
Disaster of Heppner Is Al
most Repeated, but the
Tragic Experience of That
City Serves as a Warning
OAKLAND, July 12.— One week ago,
on Wednesday evening, L. R. Emery,
residing at 51S Eighteenth street, made
an attack on Miss A. C. Emery, his
seventeen-year-old daughter, whom he
choked into insensibility before his
wife, Mrs. Sarah Emery, and the other
members, of the family could rescue the
girl from her insane parent On the
following day Mrs. Emery swore to a
complaint against her husband, charg
ing him with insanity, but Emery
learned that a warrant had been issued
for his arrest and disappeared.
Sunday night Emery appeared at the
Advent Christian Church on Thirty
third and West streets, where his
daughter was attending service, and
entered the church In search of her.
The appearance of her insane father
terrified the young woman, who fainted
In the. pew, and in the confusion Emery
escaped before an officer could be sum
moned to take him into custody.
This is the second time that Emery
has been arrested oh «a charge of in
sanity. About six months ago he was
committed to the State hospital at
Stockton, but was later discharged as
cured. He has a family of four chil
dren, two boys and two girls.
Emery attributes the accusations
that have been made against him to
members of the Advent Christian
Church who are seeking to poison his
daughter's mind against him. He de
clares that he .is not opposed to his
children attending any. house of wor
ship but is bitter against the Advent
ists. He was an inmate of the asylum
at Stockton for four months last year.
Detective Kyte, who made an investi
gation of the affair, says that there is
no truth in the statement that Emery
was armed when he entered the church
and that he created a scene. Accord
ing to the officer the, affair happened
exactly as Emery states.
Emery is 67 years of age, a carpenter
by occupation and resided with his
family at 516 Eighteenth street.
When seen last night he appeared to
be perfectly rational and made the fol
lowing statement:
The allegations tnad>.» against m« to the ef
fect that 1 attempted to assault my daughter
la the Advent Christian Church and that I
carried a. revolver at that time are absolutely
lalse. I knew that my daughter would be in
attendance at the services and I went there
with the sole Intention of ascertaining if my
eldest son. who had run away from home, had
been beard from. 1 took a seat nrax the rear
of the church and gpoke to my daughter, who
was sitting abcut ten feet away. Shortly aft
erward I noticed a vacant seat by her side and
eat down "by her. I asked her if O. C. (that is
my boy's name) had communicated with the
family and ehe shook her head. I then asked
if she would step outside with Mrs. Young,
her companion, but she again replied in the
came manner. I then Inquired if she did not
care to see her father again and, receiving the
same headsha&e, I arose .and walked out of
the church. I then went to the home of John
Vertelli. the astrologisC for -whom I have been
working, and slert there that night. I canw
to fc'an Francisco Monday and visited several
friends. This afternoon 1 visited the office
of Mr. Mots and was prepared to give myself
up when the officers came tn. I never made
any attempt to choke my daughter and at no
time committed an assault on any member of
my family.
L. R. Emery, who Is wanted in Oak
land on a charge of insanity, -was ar
rested in this city last evening in the
offices of Moss & Co., 632 Market street,
by Patrolmen E. P. Ruggles and Jack
Tillman. After being booked at the
City Prison he was transferred to the
detention hospital for the insane at the
City Hall and subsequently taken to
Oakland by Detective Kyte of that city.
The police of Oakland have been
searching for Emery for several days
and the local authorities were also
asked to keep a lookout for him. The
warrant charging him with insanity
was sworn to by Emery's wife, who
alleges that he made an attempt to
strangle one of his daughters last
Wednesday, but was prevented from
accomplishing his purpose by ; other
members of the family.
Emery is sa!d to have created con
sternation in the Advent Christian
Church, Twenty-third and West
streets, Oakland, Sunday night by ap
proaching his eighteen-year-old daugh
ter during the service with the inten
tion, it is claimed, of killing her. It
was said that he was armed at the time
with a revolver.
Game Warden Harry Daniels of
Clallam County cannot help but feel
a little proud of the occurrence. To
him the visit of the elk means that the
game protection under his supervision
is a great success. Daniels says the
game is more plentiful in Clallam
County now than for the -.last fifteen
>fars.
SEATTLE, July 12.— A big bull elk
paraded the main streets of Port An
geles the other day. and after chasing
arcund until he had worked up a nice
sweat, jumped into the salt water and
regaled himself with a swim across
the narrow arm of the sound from the
sand pits to the mainland.
The inhabitants of Port Angeles were
surprised to see the elk so friendly and
unafraid, for not for twenty years be
fore had an elk — of the four-footed kind
—been so sociable and friendly. A
number of small boys tried to make
up to the visitor from the forest, but
he was rather proud and offish and
continued his inspection of the streets
of the city alone.
Special Dispatch to The Call
POPULACE IS ALARMED
AXD TWO ARE LOST
Said to Have Entered a
Church Armed With a Gun
to Take Daughter's Life
Citizens Attempt to Make
Friends With Strange Vis
itor, but Without Success
Cloudburst Swells Streams
and Floods Rush Down
Ravine and Sweep Away
3Iany Houses in Oregon
ACCUSED OF ASSAULT
IGNORES INHABITANTS
Animal Parades the Streets
and Calmly Ketreats to
His Home in the Forest
Man Wanted in Oakland on a
Charge of Insanity Taken
Into Custody by Police
AVALANCHE
OF WATERS
RUINS TOWN
ARREST EMERY
IN THIS CITY
BULL ELK SEES
TOWN SIGHTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY ,.- 13, 190*.
CHICAGO, July 12. — The action of
the State Board of Equalization In as
sessing' taxes against the capital stock
of the Diamond Match Company was
nullified to-day by Judge Jesse Hol
dom. He granted a permanent in
junction restraining the collection of
$128,472 assessed against the corpora
tion for 1902. The court held that the
match company is purely a manufac
turing: corporation. Under the Illi
nois law this company Is therefore ex
empt from taxation on its capital
stock.
Diamond Match Company Saves an
Assessment of $128,472 by Means
of Permanent Injunction.
CORPORATION ESCAPES
PAYMENT OP TAXES
OMAHA. July 12. — Notification was
to-day received at the Union Pacific
headquarters from E. H. Harrlxnan to
discontinue the retrenchment expe
dients which have been followed for
the past year. The first expenditure
authorized, pursuant to the policy of
liberality in the operation and main
tenance of the various departments.
was the expenditure of 60,000 in the
reconstruction of the headquarters
building.
The Union Pacific officials say that
big sums will be spent by the road for
other Improvements, which they were
not at liberty to name.
RETRENCHMENT POLICY
ABANDONED BY HARRXMAN
Railroad President Accompanies Or
der for Change With Directions
for Liberal Expenditures.
5
W& H 1 %M §& <^ n(^ man y ot^ e r painful and serious
P i |R» k *S a^ ments rrom which most mothers
2 S B B B^ MM suffer, can be avoided by the use of
S^IRilF A B®* "Mattel's Frt8Bt" This great remedy
iC «^ p is a God-send to women, carrying
luriiM* m vow m ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses •'MotfiefS Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and « __ ama B _ mm m .^^
woman, and will be sent free in plain BH E& B B || |E|
envelope by addressing application to Sa Wa$ i jam mm W%$
BradHeld Regulator Co. AUanta,Ga. W iO§ &i^ %M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: ' APyzaTT S KM K H TS. '. ?:
SilfNCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
REMOVED
[ I After 17 very snecessfu! years
iGfMmu ~* in the Mur P h y Buifding, we have
# -'\^^^^^^^^SBT taken larger quarters downtown.
S j ffl.^ BjESTiCT ~^" V c are "S^ "where the busi-
'% trJiBsli S ! '353- ur rooms are magnificent:
i| *^^^^M^ |ii^3 gl ass partitions throughout, with
iX the woodwork finished in golden
,J*> I) : Sm^^^3ifla^6^i«^_ Rreen, give a beautiful, soft, even
¦"-'"¦*- fi "-''-« - ; r^ r '-'' *=*» Kgty every room. Fast ele-
scott t vah ABSDAX.E BuoQ.. vators, electric light, steam heat
738 Miasdon street, B»t. 3d and 4th. an d every modern convenience.
You will remember that this is the College which has
only expert bookkeepers and stenographers as teachers
and which gets so many positions for graduates.
Come in and see our beautiful rooms whether you
expect to take a course or not.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
Scott & Van Arsdale Building
738 MISSION STREET Between 3d and 4th
THE EMPOBrPK. \. .'_ . j THE ZMPOBnTM. * \ THE EMPOBTOlt | THE TnvrPOBrrng. i
$ f 15c Linings, 5c Yd. lEl> #& SS& £% ¥ T&JT *g? g I 2Oc Linings, Co Yd. I Jf
* I A number of small linei of skirt linings; E IwQ Ej\rT <0L_H jrfegj 1g k w^23S ¦ I Heavy black mtrcsrued material tor drew I >'*
?•. i probably just what you want in the lot. JrwfrffMT- JtL JhL JSL JbJk. *" *^ JmL Js Ji KEgJK A I '"^ linings and petriccars; small Jot to close. I £
$ ° .. ¦ - ,., — o , .. . o ; ¦ '- -o J
*£ # There -never is and never will be. if we can help it. any disappointment in the qualities of the merchandise that we 15
J[ . offer at regular or reduced prices. You are amply protected on that point by our very liberal money-back guarantee- *
i $1.00 to $2.50 Dress Goods Children's Wash Dresses i
I 58c and 88c Yard One-Half Off §
i Actual reductionsffom previous prices of this season's goods An immense line of children's and misses' wash dresses go on J
| $ from our regular stocks to close out all small lots and all exclusive special sale, beginning this morning, at exactly one-half mark price. \
*; summer novelties. Trie assortment includes almost every sort of The assortment mcludes cheviots, chambrays,. gingbim., \ %
\ dress goods that is fin popular favor this summer. percales, >nd ¦eenacken. all prettily made and trimmed. There ¦• X
\ H • ¦ ' -"¦¦--, tre Mother Hubbard, Sailors, Buster Brown*, guimpci and other stylei; dzei "2
tf Values Up to $2.00 Yard— P.aids, Values Up to 5250 Yard— Novelty girit, i to 14 jean. «
;i mistra.!,voi.emeiange,novc!ty can- boutonne etamines, pebb'e crepes, 50c Dresses . . . 25o . ¦ 9 8c Dresses. . . . 49o $2.00 Dresses . .StmOO **
itf ' va>, - lace 'etamines, sitk and' wool lace twine cloths, novelty samite, 75* DreM?I • - * 38c $1^° Drefl=1 • • • 7s ° **-5° °««« • • S1-25 J
'¦ *• mistrals, lattice; ctamine, London plain and fancy voiles, bourette mmm^ mmmi^^^^ mmammmi^^^ m^^i l^^ m^}^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\ J
; Jt twine, canvas boutonne, etc., etc. ; etamine, etc., etc. ; worth $1.50 1A# 9 WMM TL JTI 5
X .worth from $1.00 to £2.00 the to $2.50 yard; on special sale Vsi OiTiGtl $ UffStSfS &JFGSSGS «
'V yard; on special sa'e this week tbis week ; f"- '. ILE*~*S£ f%4£ \
tg :- { , ' : mm'^ '¦- : ¦ ''00 ' m '"**" \JlM . }
$ •• '*JO0 . BBC A quick clean-up of the remainder of a very^rge assortment of £
j f -. . -* • _ " . . . . . women's wash dresses begins this morning at exactly half price. {
; ft? %1O? Day OH Sales Table in Main AlSle These arc pretty linen dresses, white grounds, tancy itripei 5
ij" Silks Worth Up to $125 Yard— Foulards, in neat effects, plain and fancy and figured effects; also champagne color, pinka and blues, and 5
IK taffetas, fancy. 'sets, ain and fancy pongee, black silk stripe grenadine, white there are not all sizes in every style, you'll find your size S
|jf etc., etc. ; a charming assortment of colors and patterns; on t^ m W^% among all of the styles. $
\ spccialSaie this week, yard . ..¦«..., W#Cr Instead of $6. 00 to $36.50, notr . . ;:^;. v . . $3,00 to $18*25 X
$ Save One-Third to One-Half on House Furnishings : $ I
j*; Note how seasonable these articles are — -perfect in every particular— on special sale Wednesday only. \
*! Step Ladders - For hou e e'eaning and genrral £fQ£P> 1L. -. M&L or^' s F*'r Tooth Pickj — Hard wood, dotible "5
u:e, the i 1.50 six foot style, to-dav only 37C WJ\ ' pointed, largs family or hotel sizr. s 5 c box. to- *
£ Tn Bake Ovens- For all kinds of g;s and blue lij^? l&\ < rij^-Z v^iXr? ff\I ik day '....-. • . . 17o *'
£ JW oil _ sW, will bale, or roast n« and «te*«ftf/ Jj^J^T _» ffJtA- * |^Jv£ %*M «"vy Asbtsto, Mats-The r^Iar iec kind, *
¦ *•, brown, thr 5150 «ize, to-div only , . Q4c TraP5?ll li -»-<"-- m v //^VTi?H\ «Qft,V?3'v\vl'«!i u .- • a L ~ S
£ ' \%& \\ I ¦ ifJHISl I *VK\\ ro^W^J extra heavy for toastiay, to-day, eaeh .. 5o -J
*, Garbace Cint- Or a!h bines th: 14x21, inch \ ../, // Rw!«l!li'f'Pi //^*"7 V' \\\ ffi^t^VSVwii'' 1 ' < n • ""'. Z~ "' m
i .«: galvani.ed iron, with cover, instead of -*-## IllW] B jl- I 1\\% W^^^^ Ssuce Pan-» cuart sue, ta cortr, rejul.rly IOC, *
jar fi.75,t--d.y only HI. 22 \\ PJi£_jL^ 0J \ \ IS 1 * 0^ to-day only, each %0 0 £
V Food Choppers— Th: Univena', wil] cut any J*& J U**^ /f^*ff \ \\ J^'^E^^^ Blns ~ WiD hoU 10 ° flour or fr S 3r « **
! £ kind of t'jed to any size, the bei", 51.15 size, .^Ettjl — Xi^JFi \^ " 13 'Zr japanned tin, fine design, r:gu!ar!y I1.50, to- -?
! to-day, only . . . . . ... . . ., . 98c *^^ " ' « ( -"^ d ay qq q '^
.Jf -^ 1 — 1 , , ,
£ Children's Bibs Veiling Sate Picture Sate Groceries— Liquors i
J ' 25C Kind lie SC, IOC, 27C Wednesday— Several lota of Wodnesday and *
*\ Hundreds of stamped bibs, in- w c have rounded u P ail of the sman loti of framed pictures suitable for parlor, Thursday «
•i* Drettv designs to be embroi- TeUl and veU5ng * ad haTC nurked ***** t0 sitting-room or bedroom. * S
I AexS -k , ,, « Copie. of celebrated painting, on Unnox Soap -Just fia the lund, , bar. •{
¦ j» aereu Ji Ciuucu, bOine nfiomie Black Silk Pattern Vei *, with colored dot» Bo ij • *. tjuu 25o "<¦
,»: Cloth; Others Satin damask tO- M.xed lot of veiling lengths, black and mag- colored m^ts with glass and back fcpono^a^ MoTjaa'^ hzni or «mri«« ¦ »
t day only, each tfc P ics • • So i4«<> mcheWo ; colored photograph, of P° cakM * /....™£So- *
! J. Veilings left from former sales, which were landscape* and figures, gilt frames, 63C>, . T . . ZZT 2
; J m - worth , 5C> 35C and soc the yard; plenty of beautiful etchings, maunted on white mats, Lard-Our best Eastern, 3 -H>. On ... 33 O X
\K &peGial Safe • blacks, browns and migpies, both plain and gilt frames, 7ffc 5 handsome colored land- Rice— Our finett o^aEty Japan, 5 lb*. . 25O S
J T**il**4 A~4i~t~~ dotted effects, now. yard fOO «capes and figures on color.-d mati, with wide Yellowcros Java and Mocha Coffee— I lb. *
¦ X iOMieW ftrWMGteS Pattern Veils — Black and whit: sewing silk, gilt frames 5#.37 5 choice etching*, framed packages, lb 200 «
* Eastman's Antiseptic Perfume Bath *'«K "f« fancy border,; black chenifle dot- '" z> 2 '-inch brown oak moulding, with bra* Coco*-W.lter B^cer' h U-&. da . . £Oo 3
1 *. o j .U 1 mn ted- veils, black and white, with magpie corners, at 3>J.8&. - • T „. *•*«# «
% x Powder; worth 2OC, lor . . tOC dotJ , e£c !, etc . . worth 5OC ' each , t0 .f a P T> Above pictures are worth double. Cond ™"? SoU ? S - **>&*''> W - G. M §
S Allen's Royal Tooth Powder; worth to close 27c SECOND FLOOR IXL, 3 tms 26o
* 20c. for . 9o ' Port Or Sherry-Good 5 year old wfce, gaL «
|V Royal Berated Talcum powder, vio- *y~*> £#» Maryland Pure Rye Whlsu'ey-Bot !*. 75© 5
tf - let perfume; worth 20c, for.. ?G JV&r* J&ZtMs'/msiL* ** ItM* Cyna Noble Bourbon Whi,k«y- Bot . 75to
i * Wright's Witch Ha«l Cream; worth f^tfl tX^CDOtMlfff Port ""^ <°^ *»-...: Q 8o 3
\K ,-M\ I'-' *-\ c ' 10 ,° Cal.forn.as laroes^ yVLlp^J-2^*^' American Club Whfakey-StraJght high preof $
V Kirk s rarthenia 1 oilct ooap, 3 cakes . bourbon, gal $1*38 .*
, J» in box; rc^'i'ariy 35c, for . -ISC ""^^^BB^^^^ameriCa-s grandest STORC Marquette Pure Rye Whiskey— Bot. . 75c \OAKLAND ROY WHO SUBMITTED
TO SURGEOJTS KNIFE TO SAVE
SISTER'S LIKE.
'¦! CINCINNATI. -¦*¦ July 12.— Th< 'establishment
of Hfnry Hule & Co., dealers 'In MAjT and
craln. was harned tq^clav. Loss. S8Q.O0O.
MOUNT HOLLY, N. J.. July 12— The
Berkeley Arms Hotel at Berkeley, near Sea
side Park, N. J.,was destroyed by flra to-day.
Loss. $75,000. a ¦'..
ST. PAUL, July 12.— Cardinal Sa
tolli arrived in St. Paul to-day" to ; visit
Archbishop Ireland until Friday, when
he will leave for Duluth to :¦ take a
steamer trfp to Buffalo.
Satolli Visits Ireland.
OAKLAND. July 12. — S. V. Stevens
of 1006Vi Webster street: was struck
this afternoon 1 by "the 'wheels; of 'a
buggy drayrn'.by a runaway horse and
slightly injured. The animal later col
lided, .with, a locomotive .at ..Twelfth
street, but was not badly injured.
Injured in a Runaway.
OAKLAND. July 12.— The will of
the late Martin Xeyin of Liyermore
war. filed for probate to-day by At
torney T. W. Harris. Deceased left
*n estate valued at about $10,000. con
sisting .of a ranch near the town of
Livermore. • The property . was divided
between the widow and two sons.rwhb
Fhare the estate equally between 'them)
while six children" are* left. to the care
of the mother. '
File Xevin Will.
OAKLAND, July 12.— Mayor Schmitz
of San. Francisco will address , , ; the
members of the unions which are af
filiated/with the Cooks', and Waiters'
Union at the reunion to be hsild iri.this
city July 22. The members/of all Jthe
unions of the surrounding cities have
been invited to attend.
Mayor SehmiU /Will Speak.
HONOLULU, July 6— Frank E.
Center, the Government- expert* in
charge of, the tobacco experiments on
the Loulsson Bros.' plantation 1'i at
Paauilo, has finished his investigations!
He^is satisfied that a fine grade -of
Sumatra wrapper tobacco can be suc
cessfully raised in the islands, success
or J failure ; ; depending upon ; conditions
of soil, location, protection from winds
arid moisture. One ;acre of land was
donated for study of the possibilities
of this valuable product and • {he re
sults shown are highly gratifying.
Government Expert Finds That Fine
: Grade of Weed Can Be Raised
.... • j n tne igiands.
HAWAIIAN-GROWN TOBACCO
MAY BE ON MARKET SOON
OAKLAND, July ,-12!— The case of
E. Barnett. the money lender, who
chopped,; down trees planted by the
city on Telegraph , avenue, was post
poned until July 15. Barnett objected
to .the presence of , the trees -because
they destroyed <the sidewalk. Y
Barnett's Case Postponed.
ALAMEDA, July 12. — Alanieaa Par
lor No. 47, Native Sons of the Golden
West, installed the following officers
last night: Past president, E. ;J.
Probst; president, Charles Rock; first
vice president, • A. T. Sousa; second vice
president, W. M. Walkup Jr.; third
vice president, , Samuel Hyams; mar
shal, Herman Bolte; recording secre
tary, A. V. Fisher; financial secretary,
C. T. Rose; treasurer, Louis Fischer;
trustee, Dr. H. M. Pond.
Alameda Parlor Officers.
Buys Eight Hundred -Thousand Bar
rels for Use as Fuel on
Its Lines.
SOUR LAKE, Tex., July 12. — The
Southern Pacific Company has just
purchased 800,000 barrels of oil from
a local company. The price is said to
¦have been 60 cents a bar»el. The
Southern Pacific, will; place :the oil in
the s£orage ; tanks along its railway
lines in Texas "and Louisiana and uae
it for fuel as needed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC MAKES.
A BIG PURCHASE OF OIL
Prepare Their Estimates.
OAKLAND, July 12.— The heads of
departments of the city government
are figuring on estimates as to the
co5t -of conducting their affairs for
the ensuing year. Chief of Police
Hodgklns will 'ask for pay for twelve
additional patrolmen, and Fire Chief
Kail wilj ask the city to provide ex
penses for the new fire engine com
panies at Golden Gate and at Santa
Clara a%*eiiue.
Harvesting is being pushed on the
uplands. It wlll v commence in the
lowlands" within a few ¦ daya. , The
wheat on the lowlands is very badly
damaged by the flood, while that on
the uplands is in-fair shape. Unfavor
able reports are received as to the con
dition of the corn crop.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 12J — Reports
received to-night from Salina and
Junction City say that the Smoky Hill
River is slowly falling. It will*take
several days yet for the rivers to
reach their normal state. All the rail
roads are getting back into running
order.-
Kansas Railroads Resume Operations
and Farmers in the Uplands
Arc Harvesting..
RIVERS SLOWLY FALLING
IN FLOODED DISTRICT
OAKLAND, July U.— Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by T. B. Crab
tree against Martha M. Crabtree, , also
known as Mattie M. Crawford '.and
Martha M. Taylor,- on the- ground "of
desertion. Crabtree wants half of
some community property he says has
been acquired since their marriage and
which is in his wife's name., •
Says Wife Left Him.
HONOLULU, July 2.— P. E. R.
Strauch, manager of the Co-operative
Home Purchasing Society of Honolulu,
'Which is said to have San Francisco
backers, has tiled a petition in volun
tary bankruptcy in the Federal Court.
He sets forth his debts aa $8852 and
his assets at J19, which he claims is
exempt.
Honolulu Speculator Gives Up Strug
gle Against Ills Creditors In
the Islands.
3IANAGER OF BUILDING
SOCIETY IS A BANKRUPT
OAKLAND, July 12. — Fred E.
"Greuning. a tailor, residing at 830
Webster street, was arrested this af
ternoon and charged with assault
with a deadly •weapon. Gruenlng's
wife alleges that he came home in an
intoxicated condition and chased her
about the house with a knife in his
hand. As soon as Mrs. Gruening
could make her escape she telephoned
the Dolice and the arrest followed.
Chases Wife .With Knife.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Minnie Bar
doff, 27 years old, a hair-dresser resid
ing here with her mother, Is dying
from the effects of poison. Miss Bar
doff was brought home yesterday by
another woman and left in a state of
collapse. The strange woman called
some children who were playing hear
by, and, leaving Miss Bardoff with
them, hurried away.
Late - to-day the police found the
woman who had been with Miss Bar
doff. She said Miss Bardoff had taken
some drug because she was despondent
on account of the marriage of a man
to whom she was engaged. . ,
New York Woman Dylnjr From the
_ Effects of a Drug Self-.
Administered. /" ~
SWALLOWS /POISON WHEN
FIANCE PROVES FALSE
OAKLAND, July 12.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: August Stein
kamp. 42. and Sarah Cooper. 28, both
of San Francisco; Isaac Smith, over
21, and Eva Nichols, over. 18, both of
San Francisco; Eugene' Meehan, 23,
Honolulu, and Wilhelmina Nielsen, is'
San Francisco; William B. Barber',
orer 21. Los Angelea, and Nellie e!
Dobbins, over 18, Berkeley; Benjamin
C. Newmarker, 24, and Anna K-Kirch
ner. 1«, both of Oakland..
Marriage Licenses.
Snb-Comniittees Are Named for Ala
meda County's Port in the'Pa
triotic Celebration.
OAKLAND, July 12.— The Alameda
County Admission day celebration
committee of the Native Sons of the
Golden West was divided to-night intd
the following sub-committees:
Ways and Means— II. Williams, W. B. Qulg
ley Jr.. W. 3. Baccus, J. R. Knowland E. G.
Bus well. Jr.. ll. Uenken. R. J. Montgomery.
Finance— H. Sagehorn. R. W. Church, E. K.
Wilaon, E. Planer, R. M. Hamby. L, S. Shan
non.
Executive— H. Williams, H. Sagehorn H.
Card. J. J. McElroy, Beach Dean D. W.
Doody. Al Kihm, George Haua, J. R. Know
land.
Parade— R. W. Church, J. J. Xagle. A.
Sousa, R. S. Fallmer, -D. C. Crawford, Paul
Wuthe. Charles Rollins, W. Hammond.
Hotel and accommodations— J. J. McElroy,
W. L Paulson. C. H. Rock, W. T. Brady,
L. T. Bauer, E. J. Drussel, A. D. Goldsmith.
Literary — J. R. Knowland, G. R. Stetson.
J. F. Hansen. G. W. Prick, L. T. Bauer. A-,
E. Colby, C. Perry.
Athletic — Al Kihm. >¦ IL von Tagen H. L.
Xewsom, J. Mulgrew. F. S. Cone
Reception — George Haup. W. Walkup. G. W.
Mof fltt, . Thomaa Moran. Charles von Tagen.
Decorations — Beach Deane, F. Barnet B.
Ilaynee. Dr. O. T. Wilton, C. K. Townsend
N. P. White. II P. Wlckman.
Press — D.-Wi Doody, E. F. Garrison, W. C.
Cook, D. J. Barr. W. P. Geary, H. G. White,
N. Lehn. "n.
The 'committee has opened head
quarters at the Merchants' Exchange
and will meet on Friday evenings.
BKItKEMlY. July 12.— Professor Elmer B.
Brown, bead of the educational department,
haa been ¦Ignally honored by election to the
presidency of the National Council of Educa
tion. Hitherto the Educational Council has
selected a president for .one year only, but
ProfeMor Brown's tenure will be for thr»e
years. Tlii* body, which Include* In Us mem
bership some of the most distinguished edu
cators In the United States, the membership
Ix-ingr limited to fifty, controls the appropria
tion of moneys by the National Educational
Association In aid of special investigations.
Professor Brown represented the University
of California at the recent meeting at St.
Louis of the Association of State Universities.
Jerome B. Landfleld, Instructor In the de
partment of history, was lately elected a for
eign member of the Imperial Geographical So
ciety of Russia. This election carries with it
many privileges, as few foreigners . are per
mitted to wander over the realms of the Czar
at their pleasure. . Professor Landfleld haa
spent considerable 'time in Russia / and Si
beria and knows the language thoroughly.
Professor F. E. Farrlngton of Columbia.
University has arrived in Berkeley, prepared
to take up his work as instructor Sn the de
partment of education, to which position he
w.ii appointed by th- Board of Regents at the
May meeting. »•-
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
NATIVE SO.VS PREPARE
FOR ADMISSION* DAY
OAKLAND, July 12. — W. H. Kahler
of 243 Eddy street, San Francisco, ap
1/eared as a witness against William R.
Cochran to-day and the latter .was re
booked on & charge of grand larcejiyi
Cochran was formally charged with
the same offense, but yesterday the
charge was reduced to battery, the evi
dence being deemed insufficient.
The irnoner is accused of having
taken a Job and charm from Albion
Chollet in a phonograph parlor last
Sunday night- Kahler claims to have
•witnessed the act.
To Appear Against Cochran.
Bent on finding gold, a burglar ran
sacked the house of Thomas Evans of
San Pablo avenue and Sixty-third
street at an early hour this morning,
but instead of booty he found a man
looking for him. The man was Evans
himself, who bumped into the burglar
while seeking to discover the cause of
a mysterious noise. Evans tried to
catch the burglar and almost succeed
ed, but the fellow managed to get
away under cover of the darkness. The
burglar Had the best of the start, hav
ing seen his Intended victim coming
down the hallway of the house. Evans
gave him a 11 vely^ run down the back
stairway and over* the rear, fence. The
police responded to Evans' vigorous
blowing of a police whistle, but the
burglar could not be found./
A search of the house revealed that
the thief had entered by means of a
basement door and • ransacked , the
house, although he did not obtain any
thing of value.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 12.
OAKLAND, July 12. — At a meeting
of the Merchants* Exchange to-night
World's Fair Commissioner Weilbye,
who has Just returned from installing
the Alameda County exhibit at St.
Louis, made a report to the exchange of
the work done by the commissioners.
He stated that Alameda's exhibit at
the fair is one of the most attractive
there. While it is not the most ex
pensive, it is unique in many respects.
Commission Weflbye Returns From
Su Louis Enthusiastic Over Way
Things Are Working.
Burglar Robbing Thomas
Evans ' House Encounters
Victim in His Hallway
The mystery surrounding the discov
ery of two human skeletons, which
were unearthed during the excavating
of a cellar beneath Henry Crocker's
store, at Mount Eden, is to be officially
probed by the authorities of Alameda
County. To this end a Coroner's in
quest will be held at Haywards next
Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
District Attorney Allen has requested
that the # inquest be held for the pur
pose of determining, if possible,
whether the bones are those of white
men or Indians. In the absence of Cor
oner Mehrmann, the Inquest will be
conducted by Justice of the Peace
Crandall.
It is the purpose of the county au
thorities to have the bones examined
by Dr. A. L. Kroeber of the anthropo
logical department of the University of
California. •;?•;?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 12.
GOES FOR GOLD
BUT FINDS MAN
6«YS ALA3IEDA OOUXTY '
EXHIBIT IS A SUCCESS
3fystery of Human Skele
tons Unearthed at Mount
Eden to Be Investigated
AUTHORITIES
ORDER INQUEST
The operation of skin grafting which was
performed on the little Hoffman girl has been
entirely successful, and there is no doubt that
the child will recover. Had the operation > not
been performed the burns on the child's neck
would have developed Into running ulcers,
which would have probably caused death.
Even if the burns had healed the arm would
have been left rigid, through the tightening of
the rkln daring the process of healing, whereas
now the srafted cuticle will form a natural
flexible skin, and In the course of a few
months the arm will be as good as befora the
accident.
Dr. Stratton said this afternoon:
OAKLAND, July 12.— George Hoff
man the young hero who, to save the
life of his six-year-old < sister, allowed
the surgeons to strip from his thighs
nearly one hundred square inches of
skin, with which to cover the terrible
burns on her arm and shoulder, to-day
has the satisfaction of knowing that he
has not suffered in vain.
Dr. R. T. Stratton, who performed
the delicate operation of skin grafting,
announced this afternoon that the girl
was practically out of danger, and
would undoubtedly recover. I
The wounds on the boy's' limbs are
yet very painful, and he still walks on
crutches. He givea little heed to the
pain, however, for he now knows that
through his suffering his sister will
be restored to health. This morning he
said:
I don't see why I should be called a hero
for letting the doctor take the skin from my
Ipss, wh?n it- was to save my sister's lite.
Anybody would do that much for his sister.
Of course, the places where the skin is off are
pretty sore, but I'll be all right before long,
and as long as Alice is going to get well I
don't care about myself.
Margaret Troland has been appoint
ed rural carrier and Daniel Troland
substitute at Deer Park, Wash.
The following fourth-class postmast
ers have been appointed: Oregon-
Marmot, Clackamas County, Dora
Aschoff, vice Adolph Aachen* resigned:
Pleasant Hill, Lane County. George W.
Kelsey, vice Eva A. Sather. resigned;
Woodstock, Multnomah County, W. J.
Gilstrap, vice Alfred Hafferden. re
moved.
The postofflce at Cedar Mill, Wash
ington County, Oregon, will be super
seded by rural free delivery July 30,
the mail to go to Poraland, Multnomah
County.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— The fol
lowing: California patents were is
sued to-day:
Henry "W. Ayres, Los Angeles, de
tachable book leaf; "Walter G. Bell.
Los Angeles, electric fluid pressure
switching mechanism; Irving Carl,
Los Angeles, hydro-carbon burner for
boilers or other purposes; Charles E.
Chapin and A- A. Sherman. Berkeley,
respiratory apparatus for firemen
and others; Mary A. Davis, Los An
geles, safety holder; John Eichler
and J. Becker. San Francisco, acety
lene gas generator; William H. Gregr
ory, Vallejo, lemon squeezer; Sam
uel E. Knowles. San Francisco, den
tal matrix; William H. Loomis, Ala
meda, carpet renovating apparatus;
Timothy Mahoney, San Francisco,
electric railway; John S. Maspn,
Santa Ana, saw-setting machine;
Robert Matheson, San Diego, hydro
carbon burner; Thomas J. Murphy,
Needles, garment holder; LoveU B.
Pemberton, Redondo, electrical heat
er; Walter G. Read. Davisville. fold
ing extension trestle; Joseph Smith,
San Francisco, rotary agitator; Harry
W. Thurlow, San Francisco, can
opener; Charles "W. Van Winkle.
Farmington, automobile; eter J.
Wilson, Ben Lomond, non-reflllabla
bottle; Augustine W. Wright, Po
mona, folding receptacle.
Civil service examinations for the po
sitions of clerk and carrier In the Post
office service will be held at Pasadena.
Cal., July 20. and Long Beach, Cal.,
and Pendleton, Ore., July 23.
Rural free delivery will be estab
lished at Placerville, El Dorado Coun
ty. Cal., August 15. with one r6ute.
Inventors of California Design and
Secure Patents for Many New
Devices.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP TILE PACIFIC COAST
Miss Aucurta Kuhls, who has taught In the.
local school department for several years, will
ha vo chars* ot a. school at San Ramon, Contra
Costa County, next term. .
ALAMEDA, July 12. — Dr. W. H. Robinson
has returned from a vacation of two weeks
spent in the Ycsemlte Valley.
Percy Bordwell of New York Is here on a
visit to his niother, Mrs. G. A. Bordwe 11, of
2445 Buena Vlita arenue. He graduated re
cently : from the law department of Columbia
College. l.
' William Hammond Jr.' and Joseph Morizto
are spending a few days at the tatter's sum
mer lodxe, near Newark.
Edward ¦ Meysel. who departed for St. Louis
three weeks ago, is returning, to Alameda and
expects to arrive home this week.
Hugh C. Gallafher is tourins the summer
r«3orts in Lake County and nt present is stop
ping al Lnurcl Dell.
MIs« Gertie O'Connor of San Luis Obispo is
the guest of MUh Grace Buckley of 752 Rail
road avenue. ¦ ¦
Dr. F.'F. Jackson Is visiting with the Alex
ander McPhersons at their summer home at
Lake Tahoe.
. E. R. Armstrong, the popular young man
ager of tha music department of Sherman,
City «t Co.*8 local store, is critically 111 at the
Waldeck in San Francisco. He Is suffering
from typhoid fever and the physicians have
almost given up the fight for his life.
Mrs. Byron Rutley, with the two little Rut
leys, Harold and Gertrud*. and her sister,
Mrs Harry Barnes, left last Saturday on the
steamer <Jueen for Seattle, where they will all
b« tb<s Buevts of Mrs., Rut lay's father for a
month or two.
Mrs. F. M. Dunwoody is home again after
a six month*' absence in Seattle. Captain
Dunwoody. now commander of the Perry, is in
the far North. M»». Dunwoody is at Mri>.
Arthur Crellln's, who leaves In a few days
for New York to meet Mr. Crellln on his re
tiirn from Europe. Mrs. Dunwoody will
chaperon the little family during Mrs. Crellln's
absence.
Participants In this affair were: Mrs. J.
R. Scupham, Mrs. Elizabeth Dow Yorker, Mrs.
Florence Wells. Mrs. Therise Gaytes, Mrs.
Winchester, Mrs. George Winchester, Mrs.
Porter, Mrs. James A. Johnson, Mrs. . F. T.
McHenry.
Th? most comfortable kind of a yachting
party was given by Mrs. George M. Shaw to
day on the Idler, Commodore Shaw's trim
boat. The yacht was anchored tn the bay and
the ladies of the party enjoyed all the nov
elty without any of the discomforts of a sea
trip. The luncheon that was served was de
liriously untque, every dish being suggestive
of some inhabitant of the deep. The dishes
were all delft and flowers of the pretty Dutch
blue were used in the decorations. After
lunrhron a pleasant game of 500 was enjoyed
on deck.
Miss Grace Sanborn left to-day for Denver,
Cclo., where she will be the guest' of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Chase for two months.
OAKLAND, July 12.— At last people are be
ginning to realize that summer — or a pale
semblance of It— is here and a languid spirit
of dolce far niente is creeping into the veins
of even the most energetic of us. A little
luncheon lor two or" three, in ¦ the garden, a
little ride under the pale stars or a short
spin into the country in a smart "chou-chou
car" — in this happy, desultory fashion are
some of our home-staying society folk resting.
Many are planning to visit the World's Fair'
later on, some have Just returned from a
strenuous "vacation" at pome summer resort
and have not yet raised the front blinds, bo
the residence part of Oakland is a veritable
"sleepy hollow." A few hospitable homes
seem to keep open house from year's end to
year's end. and there one always find a
"comfy" chair in a pleasant nook and a re
freshing cup of tea. Every Tuesday at the
old "Adams- place" finds a few congenial
spirits gathered and Mrs. John Charles Adams
is never so happy as when entertaining in
her own gracious little fashion. - *s —
I "Highland" is another hospitable domicile
that fairly gathers one In In a warm, hearty
embrace. On sunny days "Chevy Chase," a
delightful corner of the garden where rugs,
inviting hammocks and great easy chairs are
, luxuriously abundant, is Mrs. Requa's favorite
place and her friends enjoy many a happy
hour there with her. Her daughter, Mrs.
Orcar Long, by the way. has Just returned
from a short trip with Mrs. Wickham Havens
to Santa Barbara, where they were guests of
Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld.
In Frultvale. the Wotherbees and the San
borns are always entertaining somebody. To
night Mrs. Sanborn chaperoned a tally-ho
party given by Stanley Moore and Arthur
Goodfellow. A late dinner was enjoyed at
San Leandro and the drive back was de
lightful. In the party were Miss Laura San
born, Miss Isabelle Kendall. Miss Gertrude
Gould. Miss Viva Nicholson, Fred Dieckmann,
Will Stubbs, Charles RobsOn and the two
hosts.
By Zoc Green Rndcllffc.
Eleanor J. and Frank M. Davis to Xoah F.
and Eliza K. Ilarnum, lot on S line of Brown
street. 318:9 E of Market. B 35 by S lflO. por
tion of lot 9, block K, m»t> property of Central
Land Company etc., recorded July 11, 1804,
Oakland; flu.
Joseph T. and Paolena Hlncn to Alice Mary
Fancuf (wife of R. J.), lot on E line of West
street. 32:6 N of Thirty-third. E 100 by N
82:6. portion lots 1 and 2. block E. property
of Central Land Company (formerly Brown
Tract), Oakland; $10.
Alice Mary and Ralph J. Faneuf to Joseph
T. Hinch. lot on SW line of Hamilton place.
2S5.35 NW of Oakland avenue, NW 30 by 8W
JW, lot 27. Hamilton Tract, Oakland; $10.
Otia W. Engs (single) to Wickham Havens,
lot on W line of San Pablo avenue, 32 N of
Athens avenue, N 60 by W 100, lota 1 and 2,
Cordea Tract. Oakland; $1O.
Alice Smith (single) and Margaret A. Fors
land (wife of L) to Mary J. Foster (widow)
all interest in lot on N line of Railroad avenue
or\>eventh street (Oakland avenue), 65:7% W
of Bine streets N 100:4^ by W 40, lot 8 and
portion lot 7, in subdivision block 37, Tract
406, Whltcher's official map, Oakland; also
lots 21 and 22, block R, map resubdlTlslon "of
portion of Roberts & "Wolfskin Tract. Oak
land: El ft.
Julia B. Smith (single) to same, all Interest
in same. Oakland; gift.
) Robert A.. Smith (single) to same, all" interest
in same. Oakland; gift.
Wickham and Florence W. Havens to Ar
thur W Moore, lot on B line of Carmel ave
nue, 270 N of Oakland avenue. N 60 by E
152..12. portions of lots 17 and 18, block I,
Central Piedmont Tract: $10.
SIgmund S. Beel (single) to J. L. Hitchcock,
lot on E line of Third avenue. 17«.3 S of Sec
ond street, S C8.9. E 312.6, N BS.6, W 312.6,
being S V4 of lot plan State University Home
stead Association; $10.
David Jacks to John Thomas Jones, lota 1
to 3. block 4, Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association; $10.
John B. and Edith A. Wallace to Walter O.
Tibbetts. lot beginning at a point 200 feet S
from line of San Antonio or Kings avenue and
100 feet E of South Charles street, E SO by S
57.fi Alameda; $1.
John Christian Hansen to Charlotte E. Han
sen (wife), lot on W line of Willow street, 104
N of Lincoln, X 31 by W »5 portion of lots
14 and 15. block B, Oakland Point Homestead
Peter F. and Katherine M. Bradhoff to Frank
H. Graham (single), lot on W line of Market
street, 40 N of Fourteenth (since widened to
SO feet). N 25 by W 100, block 692. Board
man'* map Oakland; $10.
Harvy P and Grace B. Traveni to Geoixs
Sieble (slnsrle). lot on W line of Jefferson
street. 50 9 of Ninth. S 50. W 175. N 30, E
75 N 20. E 100. lots 17, IS and portions of
lot's 11 to 14 block 92. Kellersberger's Map,
Oakland; $10.
Harris Garcelon to Ben F Woolner. lot on
E line of Poplar street. 10S:« S Of Twenty
sixth. 8 25 by E 115, block T. map of surrey
of Northern Extension. Oakland ; $10.
Robert and Nannie Hughes (by California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, trustees)
to Phoenix &. B. and L. Association, S47 D.
251 W line of Pearl street. 226.08 S of Ruby.
S 35. W SS NE S3. S 91.30. lot 49 and portion
of lot 4S, American Investment Union Tract
No t (trustees' deed). Oakland: -$20C0.
Harry and Alice D. Brand (by same) to
same, 86.1 D. 332 SW line of Ea»t Fourteenth
street 107:6 NWof Fifth avenue. NW 37:6 by
SW l60, block 48. Clinton (trustees' deed). East
Oakland; $2500 - _
Same to name. 8S3 D. 63, NE line of East
Twelfth street 112:6 SE «f Fourth avenue,
SB 37:6 by NE 1C0. block 4S. tame (trustees
deed) Ea«t Oakland: $2500
Same to same. SOT D. "5esf. NE line of East
Twelfth street 1S7:6 SE of Fourth avenue.
SE 37:6 by NE 100. block 43, same (trustees
&82&£SgS&&& SW ¦,,». O< 'East
d t2i. 1 8 rt «2S ll S» ! DfS a iel on NE line of
Ea*t Ttrrtfrt stVe^t. 37:6 SK of Fourth ave
nue SE 37:0 by NE 10O. blook 4.8. same. East
Oakland, trustees' d^ed; ?-?' 00 - —_ „
Qamo tn came SJ>7 I> 134, lot on NE line
of F™ Twe?fTh' 9treVt. 75 sn of Fourth ave
nue SE 37:6 by NE 100. Mock 48. same. East
1 2ff-to tF SSS''«S e D.^to« on SW line
of »Et FnSrSSith street. 143 NW of Fifth
avenuV. NW 57:6 by SW 100. block 4S, same.
Fast Oakland, .trustees' deed: $2500.
East »£» K H » • to j oanna norton. lot on S
m rr'«. of East Twenty-seventh street and
fThirfecnft avenue, SE - 161.52. SW 45 NW
,,-.,,: v E 4." IS lot K and portion lots 7
«nV »' block 87. 'map Hojran's subdivision of
hlniv S7 ¦ HiBbland Park. East Oakland: gift.
ra«n B'»nd EllMbeth F. Ppitler to W. F.
.nrt RoVe Wellne Hnhen<.child. lot on E line
Sf H?n£ «tr«t. -»f> S of V!n». S 40 by E 95.
&rt!on?ot. 2 and 3. biort 8. Graves and Tay
lor Tract. Berkeley. £100.
Alnmeda County.
TUESDAY. JULY 12.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SUMMERTIME TEAS
The shifting of this money will ne
cessitate the temporary abandoning of
the work on the scenic boulevard which
was to have been pushed along as
fast as possible. This driveway Is to
connect Oakland and Haywards with
a splendid road which will equal any of
the famous drives in the State for
beauty of scenery.
There Is also in the hands of the
County Treasurer the sum of 513,000 as
unpaid salary of Assessor Daiton. H«
has been unable to draw any salary
for the past three years, pending liti
gation over commissions on tax collec
tions. It is likely that this money will
aJso be transferred from the salary
fund into the general fund for current
expenses and in this way all deficits
will be overcome.
By transferring funds from the mines
and foothills road fund to the general
fund, the Board of Supervisors has
averted the threatened shortage in the
county's cash. The work upon these
roads will be allowed to go for an
other year and about 580.000 is thus
made available for general purposes.
By this means many claims will be paid
-which would otherwise have waited
long. *-;:¦ ¦<¦¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 12. .
Threatened' Deficit in the
County ? s Cash Averted
by Transferring 3Ioney
The compromise having been effected
out of court the contestants made no
appearance to-day and only the widow
and her daughter were present with
her", attornej-s. Testimony in regard
to the •wills, however, was necessary to*
phow that the first will had not been
destroyed by fraud and that the one
presented for probate was made to re
place it.
1016 BroadwJto\ July 12.
The will of the late EWbrizio Xigro,
disposing of property valued at $500,
000. was admitted to probate to-day.
The threatened contest has been avert
ed by the widow paying 53000 to the
contestants. According to the testi
mony, given this morning by the widow
end daughter. Attorney Charles F.
Hanlon of San Francisco and Domenlco
and Prancisco Albert!, who had been
named as executors and trustees under
the will, had held. Nigro' s will Cor near
ly two years and that only after Nigro
had made another revoking it did they
consent to have the first testament de
stroyed. After Nigro's. death they filed
a copy of the will they had retained so
long and threatened a contest but a
compromise was arranged.
Nigro was owner of the Poodle Dog
restaurant property in San Francisco,
and other valuable realty, all of which
is divided equally between the widow,
Ellen Nigro, and an adopted daughter
Madeleine. Both widow and daughter
Ftated on the stand to-day that Nigro
had often tried to get the will he had
made from Hanlon but.. never could.
"When it was finally destroyed Hanlon
took it to the Nigro residence at Ninth
and Center streets in this city and
burned it. He refused to let Nigro have
It but insisted upon destroying it him
self.
According to the statement of Reuben
H. Lloyd, who, with Judge Sullivan
and Attorneys Allen & Walsh, is repre
senting the widow and daughter, the
two Albertis were virtually made the
owners of the property and would have
been entitled to endless fees. Hanlon
was their attorney. A boast credited to
the Albertis, that Mrs. Nigro would get
little of the money after Nigro's death,
vas what first caused Mrs. Nigro to
become uneasy, she testified, and she
th*»n began to urge her husband to get
the will which he had signed and let
her see it
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Johnson said he had been calling on
relatives and had gone to First street
and Broadway to wait for a train to
San Francisco. "While seated on a
bench he got into conversation with a
stranger, a man of twenty years or so.
Johnson wanted to find a retiring place
and the affable young man Invited him
to go to the house upstairs. The police
think a sandbag was used, as the sea
man's head was badly contused where
the weapon had struck him. A good
description of the thug was given to
the detectives. ?
To be sandbagged and robbed of $52
was the experience of Emil Johnson, a
sailor residing at 27 Main street. San
Francisco, while he was visiting this
afternoon in Oakland.
The seaman was decoyed into a room
at the Overland House, First street and
Broadway. As he stepped in front of
his guide Johnson was felled by a ter
rific blow on the head. He dropped
senseless to the floor. When the mari
ner revived' he was minus his purse
and coin. The money represented his
earnings for a short time at a ooai
dealer's place in Sausalito.
As soon as he had sufficiently recov
ered, Johnson left the house and no
tified the police. Detectives Kyte and
Shorey are looking for the man who
took the sailor in tow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 12.
The Iron Mountain Copper Company,
operating an extensive smelting plant
at Keswlck, to-day completed the pur
chase of fifty-five acres of water front
land, near Martinez, as a site for its
works, which will be located on the
newly acquired property as soon as the
removal from Shasta County can be ef
fected. . .
The new site is on Bullshead Point, a
mile and a half east of Martinez. It
comprises a portion of the 140 acre
tract owned by Charles Ettz of the
Bullshead Oil Refinery, which is oper
ated on the land. [ The price paid for
the fifty-flve acres is understood to be
about 560,000. ~._
This purchase includes about one-half
of the water frontage. in the tract. Be
cause of the deep water at the point
the site was selected. Vessels can easi
ly be handled there, as there is fully
thirty feet of depth available at high
tide. ;
According to the information availa
ble at Martinez, work on the removal
of the Jron Mountain Copper Com
pany plant will' be commenced at
once! The company was represented
in the negotiations by its attorneys,
Goodfellow & Eels of San Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ,/¦ .1016 Broadway, July 12.
GENERAL FUND
REPLENISHED
Property Goes to the Widow
aiid Adopted Daughter
Madeleine in Halves
Makes a Chance Acquaint
ance at Railroad Depot
and Is Roughly Handled
Acqui re, Fifty-Five I Acres
at Bflulshead Point, at
Which / to ! locate .Works
Professor Moses in concluding called
attention to the system of electing rep
resentatives in vogue in the East,
where the people have learned the
value of returning tried men to repre
sent them year after year. The West,
he declared, has not learned that it is
making a grave mistake by continually
shifting the personnel of its representa
tives, so that now much power is
wasted.
The question of electing:. United States Sen
ators by direct vote of the people has been
raised often lately and fome attempts have
beea ms.de to secure an amendment of the
Constitution. I do not approve of the pro
posed change, because I think in the end that
it all amounts to the same thing. We have
always been able to trust the men we elect
to represent us with the power delegated to
them to elect good and efficient Senators. The
Senate is always an admirable bod?, although
It often occurs that many of Its members are
merely rich men. It seems to roe that the
spirit of the whole constitution would be
changed if this one change is made.
I wish also to speak of the habit that has
lately sprung up of instructing our delegates
to perform certain things for us when they go
to Congress or to conventions. I don't believe
the founders of this Government ever intended
that it should be done. The representatives
are chosen by the people for a specific purpose,
with full power to act, and it is not for us to
trammel their free agency.
Professor Bernard Moses of the his
tory department of the University of
California believes that the system of
electing United States Senators is as
good as any that could be "devised and
he is not in sympathy with the agita
tion in favor of electing Senators by
direct vote of the people.
Professor Moses also disapproves of
the plan of instructing representatives
to Congress or conventions, on the
ground that the system is a departure
from the policy followed by the found
ers of the republic.
These views Professor Moses ex
pressed to-day before his class in
"Government" at the summer session
of the university. He said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July' 12.
Declares Against Fashion
of v Instructing Repre
sentatives in Congress
ESTATE WORTH $500,000
OPPOSES ANY •CHANGE
SEAMAN IS SUFFERER
BE3I0VE. ENTIRE PLANT
Con t esta nt s A gree to Com
. promise for $3000 and
Threatened Suit Is Settled
Historian Upholds System
of Electing Senators .l>y
Delegating Voting Power
Kes>vick Copper People Buy
Large Tract -With /Water
Frontage -Near. -Martinez
Lures a Victim Into Boom
and Knocks Him Sense
less With Blow on Head
NIGRO'S WILL
IS PROBATED
PURCHASE SITE
FOR SMELTERS
THUG SANDBAGS
AND ROBS MAN
HOSES FAVORS
OLD METHODS
HOFFMAN'S SACRIFICE
SAVES SISTER 'S LIFE
Oakland' Boy Who Allowed Surgeons to Strip From. His
Limbs Skin to Covir Burned Arm of Six-Year-O!d' Girl
Still Walks on Crutches and the Child Will Recover
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE I SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
6
, This splendid premium mil
be offered to Call subscriber? at
the exceptionally low rate of so
cents* per copy. Out of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment oX transporta-
tion charges.-'
• The Call's. Cook Book prem-
ium oHer will close on Aneust
SO. 190-1. and all readers of this
paper who' desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order im-
mediately.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE /AUGUST;/
30,4904.
OAIvLAXD.
1016 Rroathvny.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKEIJSY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North «T.
ALAMHDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.' N
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE dlLL IX
-ALAMEDA- COUNTYAttacks Little Girl.
' Charles -Tarforo, age 19, was arrest
ed last night by, Detectives Ryan and
Herlihy. '\ and placed on ¦ the detinue
book at the City P.rison. Tarforo ; is
charged with ' havin g : brutally ? abused
little eight-year-old Pearl Simpson • of
1107 Clay 'street.' .
The best way to see California is to
go to Yosemlte via the Santa Fe and
the grandest State ride in the world.
'Tis summer in the San Joaquin Valley,
but in the high Sierra lilies, azaleas and
dog-wood are In - blossom and every
stream is flower, blossomed. Vosemite
was never so beautiful as now. Go there
and backfor $28 50. Ask at 641 Market
street. Santa Fa office. ;•
Across-Scctlon : of California.
NEW YORK, July 12. — The follow
ing Californians have arrived in New
York:
From San Francisco — W. H. Dun
phy, at the Gilsey; H. Franklin, at the
Imperial;' Dr. J. F. Mibboa,. at the
Continental; L. C. Mayer, at the Grand
Union; G. T. Middleton, at the Cum
berland; J. Schilling, at the Grand
Union; W. W. Stettheimer, at theNeth
erland; Misses Tyson and G.H. Ty
son and. wife, at the Holland ; M.,Co
hen, at the Imperial, and A. Satter, at
the Hoffman.
Calif ornians In New York.
Want Encampment Well Attended.
A resolution was passed at a meet
ing of the trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday requesting * all
employers connected with the organi
zation to allow such of their employes
as may be members of the National
Guard to attend the prospective ' en
campment . of State troops and reg
ulars, , , .V ; - • "
William Kelly and John Barnart,
two aged roommates, became engaged
in' an altercation last night in the Iron
House at the corner of Jackson- and
Montgomery streets. Both were drunk.
Kelly hit Barnart on the head with
a hatchet, facturlng his skull. Barn
art" was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital, where the physicians say his
wound will not prove fatal. Kelly
was booked at the Harbor station on a
charge of assault to commit murder.
Hits Roommate With Hatchet,
The annual provinlclal camp-meet
ing of the Salvation Army will again
be held this year at Pacific Grove,
from August 12 to 19 inclusive, and
the pleasure of outdoor life" will be en-
Joyed In a large tent city.
Public meetings will be held In the
canvas auditorium four times each
day, when prominent speakers will be
present and the provincial staff band
will furnish the music. Prices for ac
commodations have been fixed at an
unusually low figure and arrange
ments have been made with the South
ern Pacific Company for a reduced
rate of one fare and a third, which
will be good to return until the end of
September. Thus many can avail
themselves of the opportunity for a
vacation.
Some of the delegates to the Inter
national congress will be present and
report, while an illustrated lecture on
the congress will be given. Among the
prominent officers taking part will be
Colonel George French, provincial of
ficer; Brigadier George Wood, general
secretary; Major John JiTlynn, young
people's secretary; Major George Reid.
Industrial Home superintendent; Staff
Captain Erickson, colony manager;
Staff Saptain William Wood of the
Central California division; Staff Cap
tain Dale of the Idaho and Utah divi
sion. \ ' .
Members of the Organization and
Their Friends Plan an Outing at
Pacific Grove.
ANNUAJj ENCAMPMENT
OF SALVATION ARMY
At a meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners the following were
made patrolmen: Michael Dolan, Wil
liam E. -Cooney and William E. Sav
age. The board had rejected the Do
lan application, owing to the fact that
he had been twice arrested, once in
1893 for murder and a year later, for
perjury growing out of the murder
case. He was acquitted on both
charges and the Civil Service Com
mission instructed the Police Board to
appoint him. ;'. . ••
Mrs. Ellen Silk, who conducted a
grocery and saloon at 913 Harrison
street under, the name of a relative,
John Sweeney, was deprived of her
license flye weeks ago. It was proved
that she had received stolen goods.
The board decided last night to allow
her to apply for a new license at the
expiration of three more weeks.
They' Add Three New Members to
the Force— Woman Pleads to
Regain License.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS <
APPOINT PATROLMEN
Among the passengers on f the steam
ship Alameda, which arrived yesterday
from Honolulu, was Miss Helen Wilder,
a daughter of one of Hawaii's pioneer
steamship men. Miss Wilder is regis
tered at'; the Occidental and will leave
shortly for St. Louis.
Rev. Father J. D. Maguire, professor
of Latin in the Catholic University of
Washington, ha* been a guest "at the
St. Francis for several days.
N. Cito of Brussels, who is going to
China in the interest of the Belgian
syndicate which has received i several
concessions from the Chinese Govern
ment for railroad building, arrived here
yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. .
Dr. D. B. Kerr, U. S. N., is at the
California.
Dr. H. G. DeWitt of Los Angeles is
at the Grand.
George B. Katzenateln of Sacramento
is at the Palace.
Dr. Arthur F. Godin of Los Angeles
is at the Occidental.
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Pla
cerville, is staying at the Grand.
George L. Corbin of New Britain, a
son of the head of the Corbin Lock
Company, is at the Palace.
. Mr. John D. Spreckels and Miss
Grace Spreckels leave to-night for Lake
Tahoe, where they will spend a week.
T. W. Helntzelman, superintendent of
motive power of the Southern Pacific
Company in Sacramento, is at the
Grand. < ".. •".,".
Anson E. Cohoon of the Bureau of
Forestry and E. M. Douglas of the
Geological Survey arrived at the Oc
cidental yesterday.
M. de Barry of Lisbon, an officer
of the Portuguese navy, who has been
assigned to duty in the Orient, arrived
yesterday at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Mrs. Etta Alisky, the divorced wife
of Charles a photographer,
formerly having a studio in the Co
lumbian building on Market street,
committed suicide last night by tak
ing carbolic acid. The woman was
divorced four years ago. Last month
she learned that her former husband
had remarried in New York. She has
since been drinking heavily and seem
ed despondent.
She had apartments at 654 Geary
street. She sent a messenger to the
drug store of P. Flatow at the cor
ner of Geary and Jones streets last
evening to get a bottle of carbolic
acid. Shortly afterward she' drank
the fatal dose. Her cries were . heard
by the landlady, Mrs. B. Berlin, who
summoned Dr. Wemple of 318 Eddy
street. Before the doctor arrived the
unfortunate woman was dead. The
body was removed to the Morgue. The
woman was 38 years of age and a
German.
Ms. Etta Alisky,- Brooding Over Sep
aration From Her Husband,
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
ARTIST'S FORMER WIFE
TAKES LIFE IN DESPONDENCY
John Gibbons was convicted by a jury
in Judfre Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of burglary in the second degree
and will be sentenced on Saturday. He
broke into the 5oar< works of Newell &
Brother, 2712 Army street, on April 29,
and stole three boxes of soap. ! John
Coffey and Henry Valley, have yet to be
tried on the same charge.
Convicted of Burglars*.
Local Representative of Guatemala
Writes That the Chief Magis
trate Has Been Re-elected.
The following letter from Felipe
Galicia, Consul General of Guatemala
in this city, confirms the report of the
re-election of Manuel Estrada Cabre
ra to the Presidency of Guatemala as
published in The Call several days
ago:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 12.
Editor The Call. City — Dear Sir: I have re
ceiver! a cablegram from my Government in
forming me that Manuel Estrado Cabrera has
been unanimously re-elected Provident of the
republic cf Guatemala for a eeco'nd term— 10C5
to 1011.
This great manifestation of the people of
Guatemala is the bi*st and most eloquent testi
mony of the popularity enjoyed by Manuel
Estrada Cabrera, whose patriotism and efforts
in behalf of his country haxe been duly rec
ognized and appreciated by his fellow citizens.
I have the honor to be. yours respectfully,
FELIPE GALICIA.
In moving from his office at 14 Mc-
Allister street Charles C. Lane, a den
tist, mislaid $75 worth of gold fillings.
He believes the metal was stolen and
reported the matter to the police.
Nothing else was missing from the
demists effects. Lane is confident
that the expressman who removed his
Muff knows nothing about the disap
j'oarance of the gold.
Gold Fillings Missing.
CONSUL CONFIRMS NEWS
OF PRESIDENT'S SUCCESS
Sinott sparred for an opening and
the bull rushed. John ducked and the
bull landed on a peanut stand. -
"I ought to' have a picador with a
pick and some matadors with mats,"
said the bold toreador. "But I guess
it's all mine."
He swung his lasso and it settled
over his adversary's head. For a
while the animal struggled, but finally
permitted itself to be roped in. .
"He'll 'go fine barbecued." remark
ed Sinott as he led his captive away.
The animal had escaped from a cat
tle boat.
The heavy-weight j n "Quo Vadis"
who took a bull by the horns and had
him on the mat in short order was not
so much after all. John Sinott did
almost the same thing yesterday to a
Texas longhorn that thought the Pow
ell-street wharf was all his own.
Most of the people in the neighbor
hood sought, back seats on the tall
timbers piled on the wharf. John took
the middle of the arena with a rope.
"I'm the toreador kid," he announc
ed and began to hum selections from
Carmen.
Takes Savage Bull by the Horns and
Leads Him Away to Be
Barbecued.
JOHN S1NOTT IS TOREADOR
OF rOWJELL-STREET WHARF
Law suit Involving Ownership of $300,
000 Is Begun In Xapa
Court.- : ':"'¦
BANK AND LAXD COMPANY
STRUGGLE FOR BIG PRIZE
NAPA, July 12. — The case of Simp
son Finnell vs. the James H. Goodman
& Co. Bank began this morning
in the Superior Court before Judge Ges
ford. The case promises to be the most
important ever tried in Napa County
and involves financial transactions
covering a period of fifteen years be
tween John Finnell, a prominent
rancher of Napa and Tehama counties,
and George E. Goodman, formerly
president of the James H. Goodman &
Co. Bank.
In August, 1903, shortly aftor
George E. Goodman severed his con
nection with the bank, he paid to the
bank $307,000 and he claims at that
time. the officers of the bank assured
him that he -would receive for this
sum a proportionate part of 4500
shares of the capital stock of the Fin
nell Land Comapny then held by the
bank. Subsequently the bank refused
to turn over any of this stock to Good
man, claiming that the $307,000 paid
to the bank was for money wrong
fully withdrawn in the course of the
Finnell transactions. Goodman since
assigned his claim to Simpson Fin
nell, a son of John Finnell, and
suit was brought to recover 2S71
shares of the Finnell Land Company
stock, this being the alleged number
Goodman was entitled to for $307,000.
The ' Finnell Land Company, capital
ized for $650,000, is divided into 6500
shares^and owns some 16,000 acres of
rich land In Tehama County.
The case will be hotly contested and
prominent attorneys appear on both
sides. The plaintiff is represented by
Judge C. W. Slack, C. S. Wheeler, Bush
Finnell and C. E. Trower, and Garret
W. McEnerney appears for the Good
man Bank.
More Power for Shasta.
REDDING, July 12. — The Shasta
Power Company, represented by Harry
L. Shannon of San Francisco, was
awarded a franchise by the City Trus
tees to conduct a power line through
the streets of Redding. The company
proposes to erect an electric power
plant on Hat Creek, forty miles east
of Redding, to supply power and light
to mines of this county and to towns
of Northern California. ' / ;-t
Fishinc la floe now at Tahoe and nearby
waters. Why don't you spend your vacation
there? Low rate tickets, - with stopovers
from two days to ninety day*. Folders and
full Information at 613 Market street. *
Lake Tahoe Trout.
WASHINGTON, July 12. — The Sec
retary of the Interior has appointed
Charles S. McNichoIs, now special In
dian agent, to be superintendent of
the Umatilla Indian School in Oregon.
McXichols Is Superintendent.
Suesser hjd stojen from a man named
Delaney in*Salinas. for which Delaney
accused Suesser before a Justice of the
Peace. When Suesser heard of De
laney's action he went to his residence
at Salinas and, calling him to the door,
viciously assaulted him. Afterward he
set fire to a haystack on the premises.
The Sheriff was called upon to cap
ture Suesser. He went to Suesser's
house and called to him to surrender.
Suesser replied with an oath and de
liberately shot the officer. Suesser has
been attempting: to evade the death
penalty by feigning insanity. Warden
Tompklns, however, is satisfied the
man is shamming, and unless Lieuten
ant Governor Anderson grants him a
reprieve he will be hanged Friday.,;
SAN RAFAEL, July 12.— George Su
esser, twice convicted of the willful
murder of Sheriff Farley of Monterey
County on September 18, 1S99, will be
hanged next Friday in San Quentin
prison.
At the time of the murder Sheriff
Farley was trying to arrest Suesser
upon a charge of petty larceny.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
I GEORGE SUESSER, "WHO IS
DOOMED TO BE HANGED AT
SAN QCENTIN.
Murderer of Sheriff .Farley
Will Be Executed at
San Quentin.
Manager Briggs announced that
George A. Dennison, assistant secre
tary of the State Board of Trade, will
leave this city to-day for St. Louis to
assist the California commissioners to
the St. Louis Exposition.
The subject of the recommendations
for appointment of Jurors to act In the
departments of agriculture, viticul
ture, horticulture, mining, forestry and
education at the St. Louis Exposition
and to award prizes was discussed. On
motion of Senator Perkins a committee
was named, consisting of W. II. Mills,
Arthur R. Briggs and General N. P.
Chipman to suggest names for Jurors.
Whereas. The Oriental market demands a
strong flour and the flour exported from Cali
fornia would be more esteemed and would
bring higher priors If it contained a larger
percentage of gluten than can now be ob
tained from our wheat;, and.
Whereas. It is believed that we are rapidly
apptoaching a period when home consump
tion and the demand for flour In the Orient
will require all of our wheat, it is important
that the quality be brought up to the highest
po-slble standard, both for domestic use and
«« meet the demands of the foreign trade. To
th* end that California farmers may maintain
their position in competition with wheat
pnwn in any other State, it is
Resolved, That a. committee of five, of which
the president of the board shall be chairman,
be appointed to confer with the manufacturers
of flour and with the farmers In this State
S'ld with the agricultural college of the Uni
versity of California, with directions to in
quire into the facts related to the question of
growing ar.d marketing wheat in California,
and to report fully the results of its investi
gations.
A preamble and resolutions were
adopted yesterday on motion of Man
ager Arthur Jt. Briggs, at a meeting of
the California State Board of Trade,
for the appointment of a committee of
five to confer with the manufacturers
of flour and with the farmers of this
State and with the Agricultural Col 7
lege of the University of California,
The duty of the committee will be to
investigate the growing and marketing
of wheat in California,
The action was the outgrowth of an
inquiry conducted yesterday by the
State Board of Trade into an emer
gency that has arisen. The principal
speaker was Horace Davis, who, from
the standpoint of a practical milling
man, gave much valuable Information.
Davis said positively that it is now
necessary to Import wheat from South
Dakota and from Kansas into Califor
nia In large quantities to supply the
necessary blend that Is required to give
the California milled flour sufficient
gluten. The California wheat, so said
Mr. Davis, now runs too much to
starch and too little to gluten for
flour making. Starch makes fat, glu
ten makes muscle. Greater strength
is needed in California wheat.
Others interestingly discussed the
wheat situation, among them W. H.
Mills. T. C. Friedlander, Craigie Sharp,
President N. P. Chipman and United
States Senator Perkins. It was agreed
that something ought to be done for
the good of the State. Formerly Cali
fornia wheat was adequate to all de
mands upon it, so it was represented.
The farmers have fallen into the way
of raising club wheat, which has its
advantages, but the grain is devoid of
the necessary percentage of gluten.
Mr. Mills suggested that it might be
possible to hybridize wheat. General
Chipman read a letter from Professor
Shaw of the University of California.
It appeared that the importance of hav
ing the proper kind of wheat raised
was understood by practical men in
and out of the University of California.
President Chipman appointed as a com
mittee to take up the entire matter and
report: Horace Davis, Professor Shaw
of the University of California. T. C.
Friedlander and Arthur R. Briggs.
General Chipman was also made the
chairman of the committee by the
terms of the resolution, which is as
follows:
Whtrrai, It ha» come to the knowledge of
the California State Board of Trade that cer
tain descriptions of wbe&t grown in this State
are deficient In gluten content, and that some
of the flourmllls of tha State arc now bring
ing wheat from Kansas and Dakota to be
mixed with the California product In order to
ralee the grade of flour manufactured here;
and.
Mary L Parker, formerly Mary
Ohamplin, one of the belles of Tehama
County, end known in Ban Francisco
foeiety. appeared at noon yesterday in
Judge Troutt's court and obtained an
interlocutor} decree of diverce from
Frederick W. Parker on the ground of
villful neglect. They were married at
the Champlin home, near Red Bluff,
or> March 4. 1S97. Parker is now at
New Brunswick, N. J. Two years ago
fc* sent his wife home to her mother
and since then has forwarded only $20.
Th*> suit for divorce, charging neglect,
was filed a year ago. Parker then
? r.tered a general denial to her charge
and expressed a willingness to support
h?r, but he did not appear in court
yesterday to contest the action.
A stipulation was filed by which Mrs.
Parker waived alimony and secured
custody of their little daughter until
the is S years old. At the latter age
the child is to go to the father and re
main with him until she is 14 and then
Fhe will be permitted to choose her
own pruardian.
Charlotte Madden yesterday filed suit
for divorce against Henry August Mad
den. She says they - were married by
civil contract !n 1SS6 and again by a
minister in Oakland in February of this
year. She accuses him of extreme cru
elty and drunkenness and alleges that
Tvhile he earns $20 a week he has at
times limited her to 25 cents a day for
the support of herself and two chil
dren, one 6 years old and the other IS
month*. She pays that, besides beating
her. he compelled her to care for his
horse and clean out the stable. The
wife asks fcr $40 a month alimony.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Kmma Jaeobson against Isaac Jacob
son, desertion and neglect; Bertha Mc-
Bean against James T. McBean, intem
!>eraiHe; Gus Gchrcke against Lillie
<Jehrcke. desertion; E. J. Knutson
against C. Knutson, cruelty; J. W.
Donnell against Mary Donnell, cruelty;
Jos«=phine Kent against It. W. Kent.
In the last case the husband is said to
\>e a physician and the wife charges
ihat he broke down the door to their
room six days after their child was
born. She declares that he owns lands
in Tuolomne County worth $10,000.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
•lu<1fre Graham to Grace Page from
William Page, desertion; by Judge
Hunt to Anna Laura Freudenberg from
Jlenry Freudenberg, desertion: by
Judge Kerrigan to Archibald W. Char
man from Mary Charman, desertion;
t<> David L. Baldwin from Edith Bald
win, dcsTiion.
The vectry of the Church of the
Advent over which the Rev. Father
Parrish, so successfully presided for
upward of four years, lost no time in
selecting: a successor to its pulpit, and
as soon as the canonical requirements
of the Jurisdiction are complied with
the Rev. Charles Newton Lathrop, A.
B., will be formally called to the rec
torship.
As required. Bishop Nichols was in
vited to attend the meeting at which
the choice of a new rector was to be
made, but did not accept the invita
tion, which act on the part of the
Bishop was considered tantamount to
a consent to any choice that the con
gregation might decide to make. No
opposition to Mr. Lathrop having ma
terialized in any quarter, he will be
duly notified and at an early day in
stalled rector.
The new minister has acted as as
sistant to Father Parrish for three
years and Is fully conversant with the
field. He is a son of Dr. H. G. Lath
rop, a former rector of the church
and later the organizer and founder j
of the .Church of the Advent. Eafet !
Oakland. The son is a graduate of
Harvard and studied theology at the
Western Theological Seminary in Chi- j
cago. He was ordained deacon in j
1900 and priest in 1901 by Bishop]
Nichols and served at St. Andrew's,*
Church, Oakland, for a year, after
ward coming to the church which has
now called him to be its priest. i
Jacob Eppinger. was unable to appear
in the courtroom yesterday , and the
trial of the case was further delayed,
to the apparent gratification of all but
Judge and jury. The attorneys on both
Bides prof e6S to be anxious to finish the
case as soon as possible, but they wel
comed an opportunity to spend another
day in reading over; the transcripts of
testimony. Whether the illness is real
or feigned, it came at a most oppor
tune time for _ the defense, as the at
torneys for the grain operator have had
little time in which to prepare their
case since the prosecution rested last
Friday afternoon.
When the case was called yesterday
morning Judge Lawlor. announced that
he had authorized Dr. Gallwey to con
sult with Eppinger's physician. Dr.
Whitney, and send him a report before
10 o'clock. No report was received, but
shortly after 10 o'clock Dr. Gallwey
communicated with Judge Lawlor by,
telephone, saying that Dr. Whitney was
unable to accompany him to Ep
pinger's residence and with the consent
of all parties" he would. proceed, alone.
Later Attorney Ach received a.tele
phone message from Joseph Eppinger
to the effect that Dr. Gallwey had dis
covered new complications and advised
that the defendant Temain- away from
the courtroom for the morning at least.
In the absence of any written or
direct oral report Judge 'Lawlor ad
journed court until 2 o'clock in the af
ternoon. Before the hour for reopen
ing court arrived Dr. Gallwey appeared
before Judge Lawlor and made an oral
report, supplemented by a written one.
These Judge Lawlor regards as privi
leged communications and he refuses to
give any information regarding them.
It is evident, however, that Dr. Gall
wey does not look upon Eppinger as a
very sick man, as Judge Lawlor, after
i receiving his report, granted a further
| continuance of the case until 10 o'clock
this morning. He. would not say
\ whether the diagnosis of Dr. Gallwey
i agreed with that of Dr. Whitney, but
| was positive. that the case will go on
I to-day.
Millers Now Import Kansas
and Dakota Grain to Raise
Grade of Local Flour
Mrs. Madden, Twice Married,
Seeks Divorce Because
Spouse Has Been Cruel
After Receiving Expert's Re
port J udge Lawlor Says
Case Will Go On To-Day
New Incumbent Has to His
Credit Three Years' Faith
ful Service as Assistant
CUSTODY OF THE CHILD
APPOINTS A COMMITTEE
KNOWS THE FIELD WELL
COURT SELECTS DOCTOR
Board of Trade Undertakes
to Bring About Improve
ment of California Product
Mary Chainplin Parker Wins
Decree on Ground of
Her Husband's Neglect
Jacob Eppinger Is Unable to
Leave Home and His Attor
neys Gain Valuable Time
Rev. Charles N ¦ Lathrop Clio
sen by Vestry to Succeed
the Rev. Father Parrish
At 4:30 to-day the wedding of Miss
Mary Bright, daughter of Mrs. James
Maxwell .Wallace, to Lieutenant Gil
bert A. McElroy will take place at the
Swedenborglan church, corner of
Washington and Lyon streets.
Stunning Susan Bixby was wed yes
terday to Dr. Ernest Bryant in the
land of orange blossoms." The wires
were kept hummlr? yesterday, bear
ing messages of congratulation to the
fair bride and the thrice lucky groom.
The ceremony took place in the pres
ence of a few. friends at the ranch of
Frederick Bixby, her brother.
Miss Bessie Palmer of Oakland was
in attendance upon the bride, and
Burely must have been a captivating
honor maid.
After the return of the young people
Mrs. Howard mere will give a recep
tion in their honor.
Miss Norcross, the daughter of Mrs.
D. C. Norcross, is a winsome maid,
chic and pretty. And not less favored
is the'groom, who, as the son of Mr.
and Mrs. John L. Howard of Oakland,
is a popular chap, equally well known
in his business and social relations.
Yesterday ¦ morning at . .9 o'clock
Miss Edith Norcross became the bride
of John L. Howard Jr., Rev. Burr M.
Weeden of St. Luke's officiating.
Miss Jean Howard and her brother,
Harry Howard, attended the happy
couple and D. C. Norcross gave the
bride away. An informal reception fol
lowed the church ceremony at the
bride's home. Mr. and Mrs. Howard
will enjoy a sojourn at Tahoe before
taking up their temporary residence
in . the Howard mansion - on Vernon
Heights, Oakland.
The groom was attended by his
brothers, T. T. Johnson and A. S.
Johnson. After the. ceremony a re
ception was held, to -tvhich 150 invi
tations had been issued.
A charming home wedding occurred
last evening, when pretty Grace Pln
ney became the bride of Arthur "VV.
Johnson at the home of the bride's
parents, Dr. and Mrs. H. Pinney. The
ceremony was performed by Dr.
Hemphill of the Calvary Presbyterian
Church in the presence of close
friends and relatives.
Thft bride, wearing ah exquisite
gown of white crepe de chine and rose
point, was attended by two college
friends, Miss Queen Lamberson and
Miss Anna Springer of Palo Alto, both
of r whom wore smart frocks of white.
The bride wore a soft veil of tulle and
carried a shower bouquet of orange
blossoms.
*.*<•• •
A queer little chap is Cupid and
quite after the heart of Russell Sage;
he doesn't believe in taking vacations.
Now* his latest bit of brilliant execu
tion is the betrothal of Miss Mary
Turnbull, the "clever daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Turnbull, to George
C. Murphy of New York. Miss Turn
bull possesses the rather rare duality
of brains and beauty, a degree in med
icine being but one of her many ac
quirements. And as for Mr. Murphy,
he, too, is a college man, and a clever
one, having plucked all sorts of hon
ors during his career at Columbia,
from which he was graduated in en
gineering. |
That profession, however interesting
and lucrative, has something of a rest
less sound, San Francisco having been
robbed of many of its fairest daugh
ters by these engineering folk. But
Mr. Murphy avers that his bride shall
not be taken from the home of her
childhood, at least for some time, so
the friends of the handsome bride-to
be have naught but congratulations to
oiler..
By Sally Sharp.
TEH AM A BELLE
GETS A DIVORCE
WHEAT LACKS
ENOUGH GLUTEN
ADVENT CHURCH
ELECTS PASTOR
ILLNESS AGAIN
DELAYS TRIAL
MISS TURN BULL
BETROTHED TO
NEW YORK MAN
THE SAN r FRAKCISCO CALL! WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
SUESSER
WILL PAY
PENALTY
7
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF" THB
WEST.
Over 24 Post st.. San Francisco Cal.
Estab. 40 years. Open entire year.rtay & night.
; Write for. circulars (free).
i ——— ¦
VONMEYERINXK tZ^go^Vf
SAX FRANCISCO. Established 1835
Pre-eminently the largest and best
-quipped school on the Pacific Coast — offer-
I Ins all the advantases of Eastern and
: European conservatories for a thorough
musical edvratlon. Prospectus upon ap-
! Plication. Visitors to the World's Fair. St.
; Louis. ir« lnvlte-l to examine the exhib t
i of the school. Educational Buildlns Call-
¦ fornla gchcol Exhibit. ¦- „- -. :
I — —^ — ,.
New Quarters — More Space
FITTER L1OOM3.
Just moved Into our new rooms: new fire-
proof buildinsr. 3 elevators, electric lights
! steam heat. Do more for students than *v»r
before. This Is tee collets that secure* so
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
733 Mission St.. Near Third.
~^j** "' ?tl^U*"-^'^^-> ness Collesro and
*3^ff"f2 S School of Enyi-
neeriaz. Oakland.
! -!^33 of business, shnrthaml
Jjjj_H Inj nir B i^ i **^*^~ climate. Expense*
,' " -'' low. Write for free
100-page catalogue.
i — — - »
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
; MAS.
; Seminary course accredited to the universl-
; t!ej ani leading Eastern colleges; rare oppcrtu-
; nities offered In music, art and elocution. Thir-
i ty-nirth year. Fall term opens August 1<\
jt 1904. Write for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O., CAL. *
THE O'GEU/Vl.
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, is well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Come
aad be with us: we prepare you well: refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan Building.
L. H. GRAU, Ph. P.. Principal.
HA\A\LirV SCHOOL
AJTD VAN WESS SEMIHAHY.
1S49 Jackson st.. S. F. Boarding and day
; school for girls. Accredited by th* leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music. Reopens TUESDAY August
> ». 1904. SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
I : — ¦
' WF^TFRH Tiinrough business course. EriR.
j HtOltnn lish. bookkpepln*. shorthan.1. ar-
' CIKIL'CCC 'thmetic. algebra, etc.. Civil Ser-
! DU jlflLOO v 'te. Individual instruction. Po-
t sitions for graduates. 6 mo. etnv)
i COLLPSE 0: Eve School. 6 m«. 5C4.
; "ULtEPr. .1107 Market st.. cor. Seventh.
; /^lifV^^ »T. An enrollment or
! E<XrlrOrr\IO«v 45O students tells
1 A^S»M S • »VC CVL success;new bulld-
«Ji->7*Jj,| --^r^ 1*8. new ideas.
I Ol I € CVCJ wholesomo college.
—^" We; Catalosue.
. 0C5 Golden Gate ave.. S. 7.
JPALO ALTO, CAL. p^n^L
JBOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
! BEBKELEY,
', I BEOPENS UOVSAT, AXTO. 8.
. j'i / p. b. Boom.
! SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTINaTON'S. 42J PINE ST.
Oldest School in America.
Xew Term Begins MONDAY. Aur. I.
• DAY ANP EVENING CLASS.
SANTA CLABA COLLEGE.
Santa Clara. CaT.
Stndies will be resumed on Tuesday. August
1 | 2. For further information apply to REV.
'. ROBERT G. KEXXA. S. J., President.
t ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
I ! PERALTA PARK, BERKELEY.
• J Boarding and day school for boys under 15 yrs.
' of age. Studies commence MONDAY. Aug l3t.
1 , 19O4. Send for prospectus to Bro. Gene be m.
OPTICIANS ZSAJUr 810 A SAY.
j4BI9f£&iSH_ Individual Instructions; »:»•
jiHBWgag^te. mall course. Call or write for
BSr3>i53feC*^ prospectus. CLISE OPTICAL:
T^roS^ INSTITUTE. 1053 Market St..
"-^WLjjgp^ S. F. Eyes examined free.
i
r 1 ' '
i Hitchcock Military Academy
8AN RAFAEL. CAL.
I WILL REOPEN on Anrost 16.
r Apply to the Principal.
; IRVING INSTITUTE.
I Boarding and day schocl for young ladle* an<i
little girls. 2120 California street. Will reopea
' August 1. 1904. Accredited to the nniTersltiac
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
' SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
1 Junior school separate. Fall term begins Ang.
J 17. ARTHUR CROSBY. D.D.. Head Master.
BRSQOTffPSC?!B9 * s most practi-
cal; recommended
BMunKMln expert court re-
L^yHtMi9 | *9!>Mj>vwl porters. Send fop
I E&n&i&MsU&ii 1 Catalogue, nf 2
Market St.. a F.
f ANDERSON ACADEMY,
rUTTNGTON. CAUTORNIA.
. Holds pre-eminently the confidence of Its pa-
1 trons and the loyalty et Its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER AXDERSQy. Prtacipal.
. . -» . _ i_ . . a School for boys: 14tb year
UOITTJO befftns Au «- 9th - laj x e r *»*
Ml «N « tron «« r 'acuity thaa er«r;
1 1 U I I I W perfect sanitation; illus-
trated catalogue. W. J.
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. M«nlo Park. Cal.
TUB UMlVUltSlTT SCHOOL.
8310 OLAT BTBIET,
I WU1 REOPEN on August 1 with
I BERT X. TUCKER. M. S..
Principal.
COLLEOE 07 VOTKS SAMS,
SAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boarding
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical,
Literary. Scientific, Conservatory. Colleg*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday. Aug«
nst 2. 1904.
OAK) AZ.TO ACASXasTT, one mils from
¦ Stanford University — Boys and young mea
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages la Modsra
Languages and Higher Mathematics. Fall term
begins , August 22. For catalogu* address
MATKARD SHIPLET. Palo Alto. Cat
TJ15TTCX117C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DnUunijU kers - bootblacks, bath-
a-tai. w wx **-<—» nouse3^ billiard Ubles.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, eanners,
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors; etc.
BUCXAWA2T feSOS,
Bnuh MaanXactnr>r». 609 Sacramento St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB.TT SI- Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment *t Pr»T»t»
Diseases. U«t Manhood. Debility or
diwss* wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others faiU Try htm. rbarges low.
lore* guaranteed, tailor wrlls*
vuc.J.r. tilSBOS . Baa TzwdMe, Cal
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAB.
GT7AKA £1 TIIED CUKE POB> 2CB2f.
ItARMi.ESS irTJECTioir. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. • S*O OT2EE TBEATKiiJI T
nEQtriKED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. FSE7E5TS CONTAGION. Ilarm-
Jrea. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KZLirS PHARMACY, 10? Eddy.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
¦¦^¦¦rS^I ft Bh6 H Er^ sWVl: fii j&4
FAVORBTE
PESCRiPTSOPJ
R FOR WEAK WOMEW.
visit DR. JORDAN'S amiri
Museum of anatomy^
() CjB «nmzi:tr.t«t.c:t*ni,E.rci!. A
\ . }*•* Unrat A.Mtomic»! Mbmm (¦ U« \
*J **5fci5k *•»•*- WiusoHi or any cemtt«ci*d n
O fS-Swl S? *"* 1 I: oe lk « Cotn. £it.3trcin. O
d §*£* ft CR - JORnAN-DJSEASES OF KEN ,
0 I Jky^t B T,'"" 11 '"' »-» r »onl!.jr r* br rttrr. A;
i R yf nl ***—• (W«iacTcrycM«eiMlcrtakn. '
Aril llv *''^«Bt;.PHiLoioPHt«f,i
" % % 1* »**»«»6E. XAit-ao rjtaa. (a* '
A il Li- W|| » W| **>** '« o"i) l
" DB. JOttD*.V*lO.. 10S1 M«rkrt *t..S. F. '
61 o Prince Street. New York.
8*»4 for fr~ B^klM 44 H»w U tont iimM -
esct&uiutc hcrdrrd* «f «as»UeiteC t— Mwnsirii af
wcsdorftl cbtm.
<?^,e^^tefc=fc
It acts like tsaeic and Is absolutely
hanaless. A Trial Bottle Free
which will absolutely prove this state-
ment sent for ioc. to pay postage.
Don't Walt until von have a bad case
bet get it dow and, bare it at hand
when needed.
Sold by leadlntf druggists'.
Neat gtmilne without mj sifnitnra.
«
SUNBURN
quickly relieved and surely cured by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-g^jLS^ - v^~ LJJrrl* p n .J A W$^&^ dePtZ&Z
,,,^ :^= : -^ M Semi-Porcelain p <sl^> ttw
German Haviland Table China
20 % 33^ 50 %
V
Dainty floral designs-— Flo . Blue — White and Gold— Green Poppy,
¦with ffpld edsre — complete services of 53, 100, 103 pieces — raatinr In
price* from $13 to S60.
We also have on sale Vegetable Dishes. Teacups and Saucers, Heat
Platters, at similar reductions.A war has been declared in London upon the tea
cigarette, _ a particularly refined and dangerous dissipa
tion that fashionable women of the great metropolis have
discovered. and adopted. While the evil was confined to
its discoverers and patronesses no great harm was being
done, but now its publication offers a temptation to
worthy, women : whose lives have capacities for greater
and better things.
THE city of Tacoma, through the Tacoma Ledger,
asserts that it is "the home city of the North
west." It challenges; by means of ah array" of
figures, the cities of Portland, Seattle and Spokane to
contest this claim. To be the city of homes is surely
something very desirable. # A stable . population is there
by insured and a high degree of civic pride, relatively,
ought ;to result from stability. .There is little doubt that
the cities of the Northwest will at once take up the con
troversy that is thus opened" and the outcome will- be
that the attentive observer will learn much that will in
fluence him in the choice of, a home if he has any desire
to locate in the Northwest. " From this point ' of view
there is a business interest concerned that will ;lend
keenness and piquancy to the men who shaH take up the
TACOMA'S SWEEPING CLAIM.
THE EYE STONE— Subscriber, City.
What is known as the eye stone is
taken from a species of small shell fish
found principally on the South Ameri
can coast. It is the mouthpiece or
front door, so to speak, of the shell
and Is shaped with a convex surfaee
on one side and Is flat on the other.
Humboldt.Mhe great traveler, found
this little stone used by the South
Americans to remove foreign sub
stances from the eye. It is still col
lected and exported for that purpose.
When put under the lid of the eye the
stone is moved by the motion of tha
eyeball and little particles which It
touches adhere to it and may be re
moved with it.
. Townsend's California Glace fruits ro
artistic flre-otched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally *o
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 53d Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1942. *
A Coroner's jury, rising in its wisdom to the considera
tion of a problem important to the community, has de
cided that no one was to blame for the horrifying death
of an aged, paralytic patient who was recently trampled
to death by a lunatic inmate of the City and County
Hospital«» If the logic of this jury would not permit of
censure the marvel is why somebody was not com
mended for the tragedy. Surely serious blame must
attach to some one for such an incident in a public in
stitution.
The Legislature of Louisiana has decreed that all
poolrooms, the most dangerous and insidious corrupters
of American youth, must dose within the borders of the
State. We have a similar law • of our own, but no one
reasonably awake in San Francisco ever would suspect
it. Louisiana will probably find • as we have that the
gamblers are strong enough and persistent enough in
pursuit of their ill-gotten gains to rise superior to laws
and those chosen to enforce them.
The emissary of Uncle Sam to Abyssinia carried with
him on his mission of peace and good will a treaty of
commerce and two small rapid-fire guns. It is well
perhaps to teach the untutored black man that trade and
war make their progress^ to success hand in hand.
Either without the other *must fail. We show uncon
ventional candor in admitting this startling fact of
twentieth century civilization to our new found friend
of. Africa. He will be able to" understand our actions
later on.
"This jfs an pge of imitations, particu
larly of gems, and the amount of imi
tation precious stones on the market
is enormous," I am told by W. A. Gill,
the welt-knovrn Jeweler, "and the as
sertion is continually made by dealers
In these, commodities that it would re
quire the services of- an expert to de
termine the real from the false. With
regard to diamonds, the belief is gen
eral that this is entirely true, but never
did the general public entertain a
greater error.
"There are certain simple tests to
which any one may submit a stone
alleged to be a genuine diamond and
determine almost Instantly the truth
or falsity of the claim made for it. A
real diamond will not be acted on by
acids or alkalis in the least, and may
be placed in a liquid containing these
substances without injury Jo it. There
are : other simpler and easier tests,
however, .which require nothing in the
way of testing materials that a person
cannot find in any household without
the need of a visit to the druggist.
These, too, are practically infallible,
for I have never heard of an imitation
that would, answer fully to them.
"In the first Just take a small piece
of silk and N rub the alleged diamond
vigorously, for a moment, and it will
acquire a sufficient amount of positive
electricity to attract bits of wool, cot
ton or paper, exactly as a magnet will
attract particles of metal.
"In the second test place the diamond
Best Tests for Diamonds.
SETTING ON FIRE— A. S., "Wrights
Station, Cal. In the ordinary accepta
tion of the phrase "To set the Thames
on fire" means "to cut a figure in the
world" , or "to become distinguished for
ability." It is sometimes used as a term
of derision. The origin of the phrase is
probably from a corruption of the old
English word temse, a sieve or boltex —
the suggestion being that a very dili
gent and energetic workman might, by
his rapid work overheat the wood'ffTk
of the bolter and so set It on fire. To
"eet the temse on fire" to the modern
phrase "to set the Thames on fire" waa
an easy transition.
Flogged England's Primate.
An, amusing reminiscence of a flog
ging he once gave the Archbishop of
Canterbury was recalled by the Rev.
Canon Bury, rector of Harleston, at
Northampton, yesterday. - Commending
a recent speech of the Primate on
missionary work, ; he incidentally ob
served that he was at school with the
Archbishop. Randall Davidson was one
of the pupils of his (Canon Bury's)
father, and he could not recall that the
futtfre Archbishop was remarkable
for ; anything save his inordinate
Impudence. Though himself con
spicuous for his exceptional for
bearance, • on one occasion 1 young
Davidson provoked him beyond all pa
tience, and he therefore turned on him
and gave him a very severe thrashing.
The future Archbishop did not take it
'lying down." On the contrary,. he at
once complained, and so got him Into
trouble, and, not content with that, he
complained to his own parents, and got
Canon . Bury's father into trouble.
Thus it was that their mutual remini
scences" were not altogether pleasing.
But Canon Bury firmly believed— if he
were an Archbishop he would say he
was profoundly convinced— that the
thrashing did the Archbishop a power
of good. It was the foundation of the
character he afterward . displayed ' of
tactj and caution and for
hia , superiors which had led in a great
measure to his elevation to the prim
acy.—London Telegraph.
HOLIDAYS— J. B.. Alanieda, Cai.
There are no national holidays In ths
United States. Congress has never de
clared any day a national holiday. It
has, however, declared Labor day a
legal holiday in the District of Colum
bia only. It has on different occasions
appointed special holidays.
MILITARY TRACT— A. M., City.
The tract of \and in San Luis Obispo
County which the War Department
may acquire for military purposes and
known as the Henry ranch contains
22,265 acres. It is situated seven miles
from the ocean and lies between Tem
pleton and Santa Margarita.
ARROWROOT— Subscriber, City. Ar
rowroot, the name of a plant from
which is produced an article of com
merce of that name, grows in the West
Indies, and was considered as a specific
for wounds caused by poisoned arrows,
hence its name.
AGE OF BIRDS— Subscriber, City. It
is the opinion of writers qn bird life
that the swan, the ravin, the crow and
the eagle attain the age of 100 years,
and that parrots live to the ags of 63.
Ay tal you. dear f rends, purty sune ve
ban dead,
So ay tenk ve ben suckers for getting
swelled head.
It ant wery far from Prince Albert to
shroud;
Vat for should dis spirit of mortal be
proud? — Milwaukee Sentinel.
Dese har millionaires who give libraries
vay.
Ay tenk dey skol get yolly bump some
fine day^
And maybe dey look for some gude
frend, ay tenk,
To tak dem round corner and buy little
drenk.
To-day dis har mortal swelling around:
His head ban so light that his feet ant
touch ground;
To-morrow he light with hia face in the
sand.
And hustle lak hal to get grude helping
. hand.
Ay see lots of fallers who tenk dey ban
' vise;
Yu see dem yurself ef yu open yure
eyes; ¦»
Dey tal 'bout the gold dey skol making
¦ some day,
And yump ven the vashvoman come for
her pay.
loud. \
Den doctor pkol coming and say, "Ay
can't save."
And man have to tak running yump Into
grave.
Vat for should dis spirit of mortal ban
proud?
Man valk round a minute and talk purty
The Norsk Philosopher.
GOLDENSON — Subscriber. City.
Alexander Goldenson shot and killed
Mamie Kelly November 10. 1886; was
found guilty March 23, 18S7, and was
hanged September 14. 1S83.
Anszvers to Queries.
A RECENT report from Chicago says that hun
dreds of applicants for positions as teachers in
the public schools in that city are engaged in a
frantic struggle either, to put on flesh or to work it off
so as to fit themselves for a beauty test. The report
goes on to say: "A rule of the Board of Education that
applicants shall satisfy the medical examiners that they
are of 'proper size, height and weight' and the announce
ment that candidates will be graded according to their
physical development has led to the tissue building
struggle."
It appears the trouble originated in a report from the
"Child Study Laboratory" that experimental investiga
tion and research have demonstrated that mentality and
physical beauty are closely related; or as one of the au
thorities puts it: "The healthy person develops symmetri
cally. Beauty and brains go together. In the test speci
mens it is found that a fine mind generally goes with
a well-proportioned body."
At the time the rule was announced there were upward
of 650 young women enrolled as applicants for academic
examination. Naturally enough the springing of the rule
caused a flutter and a splutter. Some of the applicants
are said to be "scrawny" and others are said to be
"fat," and as they have but little time to fit themselves
for the test of comeliness, they have one and all had to
get to work vigorously, one class eating patent breakfast
foods' and the other doing overtime in massage rooms
and sweat baths.
Out of the agitated and agitating discussion resulting
from the new rule we learn that up to this time the Chi
cago' Board of Education nas had to accept teachers of
a low grade of beauty because there were not enough
beautiful ones to fill all vacancies. With the present
large numbers of applicants, however, it is believed the
board can fill the schools with teachers not one of whom
will fall below the second of the three grades of physical
perfection into which they are to be classified. It is
quite probable the rule will work some benefit for Chi
cago and that in the course of a few years the higher
beauty grade of school teachers in that city may ap
proximate the average standard of teachers in San Fran
cisco, and if so the enterprising authorities of the Child
Study Laboratory will deserve a vote of thanks from the
community.
BEAUTY AND BRAINS.
A few days since a woman of this city, driven to the
last extremity of desperate illness, pleaded vagrancy
that she might be sentenced to the County Jail and there
receive ministration that had been denied to her in the
City and County Hospital. The unfortunate's request for
imprisonment was granted by a Police Judge and the
people of San Francisco must accept her as a humiliating
object lesson of the inability of the municipality to per
form one of the primary duties of its organization.
During the ninetv-four years .of its
existence the American Board has com
missioned 137 physicians;" thirty-eight
of these physicians were ordained men,
and twenty of them were women. At
the present time fifteen of our twenty
missions have one or more physicians
on their staff, numbering in all forty,
of whom twelve are also ordained men
and twelve are women. By the latest
enumeration there were connected with
these several missions of the board
forty-two dispensaries and twenty-nine
hospitals, as follows: In Turkey, eight
dispensaries, six hospitals; in India and
Ceylon, sixteen dispensaries and eleven
hospitals; in China,, tfn dispensaries
and eight hospitals; in Africa, seven
dispensaries and three hospitals, and in
Japan, one dispensary and a mission
ary physician in one hospital. By the
last report there were a little over 230,
000 patients treated the previous year
in these various institulons. This med
ical work is perhaps more\nearly self
supporting than any branch of the mis
sionary- enterprise. For although the
poor are treated In multitudes of cases
without any charge, yet in other cases
those who are able to make payment
either In the form of a fee, or of a gift
out of gratitude for the good they have
received. Many of these hospitals are
entirely self-supporting, and some of
them, like the one in Madura City,
have been furnished with good build
ings by the free offerings of natives,
only a few of whom have as yet pro
fessed the Christian faith. The total
cost of this medical branch of the mis
sionary service to'the American Board,
aside from the salaries of the American
physicians who are In charge, has been
not far from $12,000 a year. — American
Medicine.
Mission Medical Work.
"You go to the trouble and expense
of publishing a paper for distribution
on the cars, In order to reach the eyes
and ears of your patrons. Why not
try to reach their hearts? Good service
is all that will acquire their good will."
An article published yesterday In this
column under the title "Wants a
Woman's Schedule," has led one of tha
leading educators of the city to ad
dress to the railroad company the fol
lowing letter:
"United Railroads of San Francisco:
Gentlemen: Inclosed herewith is a
clipping from to-day's Call, picturing
the woes of a Castro-street car con
ductor and pleading for a woman's
time schedule. A 'woman's time sched
ule' is a timely topic for your company
to consider. You claim that you run
on Market street during the hour from
5 to 6 all the cars the tracks will ac
commodate. How about the hour from
4 to 5, when the cars are crowded •with
women coming home from shopping? |
During that interval you do not run as'
many cars as you run from 5 to 6. Even
If you cannot take care of the traffic
from. 5 to 6, why not relieve the conges
tion from 4 to 5? The same query ap
plies to Sundays and to certain hour3
of the evening — say 10 to 11.
"And the road-bed. It is torture to
ride on a Castro-street car between Va
lencia street and Seventeenth, on ac
count of the bumping at every joint of
the rails. It has been so for a long
time. What hope for Improvement
does your company hold out to its pa
trons in that neighborhood?
A Woman's Time Schedule.
Nile tourists will be delighted with
the results of Mr. Legrain's labors at
Karnak. It Is rear restoration on
which he Is engaged. He has with
him an army of fellahs, who, under
his direction work as the ancients did,
without mechanical appliances, lifting
enormous blocks on inclined planes of
sand. In a short period he will have
finished .his task of replacing the
columns of the Hypostyle HalL
Meanwhile, at Karnak, workmen are
making fresh discoveries daily. From
the black waters of the Nile recently
one of them fished up a beautiful
statuette of Isis nursing Horus, a
superb specimen of the finest eight
eenth dynasty art. Another interest
ing find was a seated statue of a scribe
of the. twenty-second dynasty, carved
in alabaster and as clear as wax. On
the back of this figure is a list of
kings, which Mr. Legrain says will
clear up much that is mysterious in
this period of Egyptian history. An
other unique discovery, made about
the same time, was that of the orig
inal model of the famous statue of
Rameses II, now in the museum at
Turin. It is half life size, exquisitely
carved in green basalt, and in perfect
condition. It is a matter of congratu
lation that all these relics of ancient
Egypt, instead of being scattered far
and wide, will be deposited in the
museum at Cairo.. Spacious and airy
and admirably arranged as the new
building is, it will soon need to be en
larged if treasures continue to pour In
as they have during the last twelve
months.
They come from Thebes, that city
whose temples and monuments, even in
their ruin and desolation, reveal as
nothing else does the glories of ancient
Egyptian civilization. When Ptolemy
Soter II, about SO B. C, decreed the de
struction of the city, the priests of the
great Temple of Amon, in their despair,
collected all their most precious works
of art and buried them underground*.
Mr. Legrain, who has for a long time
been engaged in the restoration of the
fallen columns of the Hypostyle Hall
of Karnak, found two years ago some
fine statues lying under the Nile sand
and mud in a stretch of ground about
100 yards square which had no build
ings upon it. It was just such a spot
as the priests would have been likely
to choose for concealing their treasures.
The extensive excavations begun on
this same spot in the latter half of
December; 1903, seem to fully justify
this supposition. Since that date some
thing like 140 statues or statuettes have
been here recovered. For over 2000
years the waters of the Nile have
risen over them with each recurring
season, but though this has destroyed
the paint and loosened the gold leaf,
no injury has been done to the beauti
ful carving on diorite,- granite, alabas
ter, green basalt or blue slate. Sir Wil
liam Garstin, Under Secretary of State
for Public Works in^ Egypt, chanced to
be at Karnak when some of the best of
them were brought to light, and or
dered their immediate removal to Cairo
lest some wily dealer, aware of their
great value, might tempt the workmen
to purloin them. The work of arrang
ing and labeling these precious acquisi
tions has been postponed until the re
turn to Egypt of Mr. Quibell, one of
the curators of the Museum, who is
now at St. Louis looking after some
specimens of Egyptian art that were
6ent to the World's Fair.
CAIRO. June 14.— Unnoticed and com
paratively unknown, there now are ly
ing at the new Museum of Antiquities
here over a hundred recently unearthed
statues and statuettes, the results of
one of the richest discoveries yet made
of ancient Egyptian works of art. The
specimens range from the fifth
dynasty to the Graeco-Roman period
and their value is greatly enhanced by
the fact that they are all in an ex
cellent state of preservation. Fresh
accessions to the collection are con
stantly arriving.
Great Find of Antiques*
The Athenaeum, the venerable and
dignified English literary review, is al
most as much of an institution in its
way ss the Times, and there has been
a great deal of interest in the fact that
the weekly recently reached its 4000th
number. It was founded in 1S28 by a
writer named Buckingham, who finally
became member of Parliament for
Sheffield and who sold his periodical to
the grandfather of Sir Charles Dilke,
who is the present proprietor, for $2500.
The Athenaeum is by no means pat
ronizing or over-indulgent In its review
of new books and in the last number
the editor sets forth some of his prin
ciples In the matter of literary criti
cism. He denies intentional severity,
but says:
"Immortality is bo frequently and
rashly promised to the writer of to
day that such praise has almost be
come a farce and it is necessary to re
mind readers that restraint in expres-
Eion does not mean disparagement, nor
a high standard a personal grudge. We
are as ready as any," he goes on, "to
¦welcome the new man without regard
to cliques or coteries."
The success of the moment in this
country as far as romances are con
cerned is undoubtedly Winston
Churchill's "The Crossing." Fully
twice as many copies were subscribed
for in advance as in the case of "The
Crisis," and the new novel is being
largely ordered by the trade. Of course
this is chiefly due to the reputation
which Mr.'ChurchilT has made in this
country. There is no doubt, however,
that the great demand for "The Cross
ing" over here is owing partly to the
fact that a good many people in this
country Btill believe that Its author is
the English Winston.
It Is hard, as Dr. Conan Doyle may
find out before long, to be both a nov
elist and a statesman. Hall Caine has
managed to combine the two roles
pretty comfortably hitherto, but of late
he has toad to slight the second. Writ-
Ing "The Prodigal Son" took it out of
Mr. Caine so much that he had to go
to the Riviera to recuperate and re
cently the correcting of his proofs has
kept the author bo busy that he hasn*t
had time to appear in the Manx Legisla
ture. His constituents have been pa
tient up to now, but they are becoming
rather restive, for they say that Ram
sey, the district in Man which Mr.
Caine represents, Is practically disen
franchised.
Some day there will be another Im
portant work relating to Sir Henry M.
Stanley, but it is likely to be many
years before it Is published. It seems
that the explorer left behind him not
only a goodly amount of interesting
material concerning himself. In the
form of diaries and letters, but also
documents of ho little historical Im
portance. 'Moet of the matter, how
ever, is of such a character as to
make It impossible that It should ap
pear in print during tha lives of the
persons with whom it is concerned.
America got tired of English mid
dle-class fiction some time ago. Ap
parently Australia is wearying of it
too, and Jn Australia they are In
clined to express their feelings . pointed
ly. A recent copy of the, Sydney Bul
letin, which has reached me, says:
"The English seem wedded religiously
to the transportation system. "Former
ly they sent us their bad characters;
now they send us their bad novels.
Often one feels inclined to cry. Take
•~««k your Corelli! 'Take back your
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
r. HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, June 27.— At
vihat low ebb financially many English
authors were at the time of their death
frequently becomes known to the pub
lic only when the annual list Is pub
lished of the Government pensions
which have been granted to their fam
ilies. Except in rare cases — that of
Austin Dobson, for instance — state
gTanis either to authors or their de
roer.dants are made only when the
reed for them is urgent, so it was a
surprise to a good many who believed
W. E. Henley, the poet, to have been
fairly we!! off to find the name of his
•u-ldow in the list of last year's bene
fdarics from the "Civil List." Mrs.
Henley's pension is not large, only $625
a year. Phil May was known to have
left practically nothing and most peo
ple were glad to see that his wife is
receiving a pension Of $375, but it was
surprising again to find Leonard and
Alfred Gissing, the late George Gis
fing's children, down for $370 on ac
count of "straitened circumstances."
TCo liviris authors were granted pen
sions by the Prime Minister during the
r>a?t year with the exception of Sir
William Laird Clowes, the writer on
American and naval matters, who for
fome time has been in wretched health
and almost entirely unable to work-
Richard Whiteing is not one of the
English authors who spend most of
their time and do most of their work
en the Continent, but his health hasn't
been any too good of late and he has
just grone to Contrexeville to drink the
waters at that fashionable French spa.
A friend tells me that one of the main
causes of Mr. Whiteing not being
quite up to the mark is the fact that
he has been working particularly hard
on the novel which he has under way.
Fptcitl Corresponflence.
Literary Gossip of London.
It was -necessary in the cases of the
Misses Hall to trace their ancestry un
mistakably to an Indian parent. The
romance that has developed began
when their great-great-grandfather
came to America as a French voyageur.
Thomas Condray was a member of a
wealthy, aristocratic French family.
His health failed early In life and the
.trip to America was advised by physi
cians and finally agreed to by the
alarmed parents. He came with the
view of returning to France after a few
months, but a beautiful Cherokee maid
en interrupted his plans. He paid court
to her, married and ever afterward
lived in America with his Indian wife
and children. Through Florida he had
drifted into Georgia, and there met the
Cherokee girl, whose blood still courses
sufficiently in the veins of these two
St. Louis young women to, entitle them
to equal rights with the full-blood
tribesmen of to-day.
The ancestry was trac*d directly by
the Dawes Commission, and upon their
investigation of the alleged rights of
the Misses Hall was established their
title to the land. They have 600 acres
of as valuable land as is included in the
domain of the five tribes. The young
women are but one-sixteenth Indian
blood.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
A romance .that has come down
through several centuries has recently
developed as the result of the Dawes
Commission awarding allotments of
valuable land to two St. Louis young
women, the Misses Jessie Mae and
Blanche Hall.
Valuable Indian Ancestry.
Mr. Williams, who is from the first American State
that repudiated its debts, may as well be informed that if
the South is violating the - constitution -the North will
enforce it, though his constituents the North of
every dollar they owe to its merchants and manufac
turers.
After the bloviant effusion over the v South it is amus
ing that- Mr. Williams does not see the humiliation of
his section that is in the admission that it is dependent
on the despised North, for its merchandise and manu
factures. The Southern head seems to need soaking,
as Mills of Texas once advised. The / Democratic posi
tion, as stated by. Mr.^ Williams, is, "If you don't let us
violate the constitution, we won't pay our debts."
The Call said that the opening speech pf the Demo
cratic National Convention would, of necessity, be a
nagging criticism of what the Republican party has
done. It has had to do things. It has had charge of the
Government, by controlling the executive department or
Congress, for forty-four years, except during two years
of Mr. Cleveland's second administration, when the De
mocracy had Congress and the Presidency, and became
responsible for the Government. Now, a party in power
has to administer the Government, and of course has to
do things. In the two years of Democratic control one
thing only was done. Mr. Cleveland protected the pub
lic credit. He forced the repeal of the Sherman act,
and he restrained his party from radical silver legisla
tion. But he did this against his party, and it repudiated
and spat upon him.
Mr. Williams is leader of the minority in the House,
and has sat silent while the Democratic side hissed
Cleveland's name. -It is amazing now that, in a keynote
speech to a Democratic National Convention, the ouly
public act in forty-four years claimed to the credit of
the party, is one which it repudiated, execrated and de
famed 1 Every other act in our public history in that
period has been the fruit of Republican policy. Mr.
Williams addressed himself to a nagging and rather
small smart criticism of that record.
The most striking part of hrs speech is the reference
to the disfranchisement of the negro in the South. He
said: "Disfranchisement of a negro in Mississippi
lor ignorance is a horrible thing; disfranchisement
of a white man in Massachusetts or Connecticut is a part
of New England education." Mark now that sneer at
New England. It reminds one of the piping times of
slavery, when Bob Toombs was calling all Northern men
"mudsills," and declaring that. he would call the roll of
his slaves at the foot of Bunker Hill monument.
Mr. Williams knows the difference between the ' edu
cational qualifications in the ballot laws in the North and
those in the South. He knows that in the Southern con
stitutions the "grandfather" clause provides that no
unqualified voter shall cast a ballot unless his grand
father voted. He knows that this clause is intended to
unconstitutionally disfranchise the negroes, whose
grandfathers were slaves, and at the same time permit
the densely ignorant "mean whites" to vote, though they
don't know "B" from bullsfoot.
Now, note what follows, remembering his sneer at
New England and the North. Threatening that if the
Republican party enforce" the constitution in respect to
counting disfranchised negroes in the basis of repre
sentation the South will retaliate, he said:
"The mercantile class would be the first to suffer,. but
as they owe debts to the North and buy from the North
and as nearly everything they sell is manufactured in the
North, they would not be alone in their suffering."
Which means of course that if the constitution is en
forced they will repudiate the debts they owe in the
North.
MR. WILLIAMS of Mississippi was put forward
by the Democratic National Committee to make
the keynote speech at St. Louis and answer Mr.
Root s speech made at Chicago. This duty was • per
formed by Mr. Williams under circumstances somewhat
unfavorable, due to lack of presence and voice, and more
to lack of attention in the body he was addressing.
Only once did he get from his audience a response
effervescent with enthusiasm. When he denied Republi
can instrumentality in securing the gold standard^ he
claimed that it was established "by the dogged persist
ence and indomitable will of Grover Cleveland." : The
mention of the ex-President's name brought the first
hearty, human and unrepressed expression of feeling.
The same party that in 1896 had called him a thief, in
terms, had accused him of fattening his estate on the
misfortunes of his country, and that has since refused
a place for his portrait in its national, state and county
conventions, and has in every way sought to destroy his
fame, mutilate his record and has even defamed his
family and lied about his domestic life, stood up and
cheered and demonstrated for a considerable fraction of
an hour when his name was mentioned.
After this it was entirely appropriate that Mr Williams
proceeded to praise McKinley, though every one who
heard him knew that, were McKinley living, the Missis
sippi fire-eater would have been denouncing him. But
in order to get a blow at Roosevelt he accused him of
abandoning McKinley 's policy "in twenty respects," and
then proceeded to praise that policy. All that may de
ceive some folk down South, but in the North, where
freedom of opinion is a birthright, it will deceive no
body. \ v
Ian Maclaren! and give us again your
rogues aad thieves.' " 1
Miss Kate Douglas Wiggln was one
of several American literary folk who
attended the unveiling -'of the Robert
Louis Stevenson memorial by Lord
Rosebery in St. Giles Cathedral, Ed T
inburgh, last week, which proved one
of the most interesting literary events
of the year. The memorial is, of
course, the work of August St. Gau
dens, the American sculptor, and was
subscribed to quite extensively in the
United States. In the course of his
address Lord Rosebery said that Stev
enson's truest memorial would be in
the number of those whom the speak
er described as "the readers and almost
idolaters of his works."
HAYDEN CHURCH.
Reiterating that Tacoma is the home city, the Ledger
asserts that Tacoma had. at the last census, the small
est population of male residents of full age to the total
population, and the largest ratio of married women and
children of any northwestern community. In fact, the
males twenty-one years and more old in Tacoma were
but 37.1 per cent of the total population, leaving nearly
two-thirds to be classed as legal infants. At Portland
the males 21 years and more old were 42.2 per cent, at
Seattle 48.9, at Spokane 40.6 per cent.
If Tacoma can make good its statement that it is now
the "home city" among its compeers, it will appear from
the statistics of relative juvenility that it has good rea
son to expect a continuation of its ascendency in this
particular, for young people are naturally the most
numerous home builders.
cudgels to prove that the "homeland" is theirs and not
Tacoma's.
That there may be no misunderstanding relative to the
exact significance of Tacoma's averment, a few statis
tics are supplied from the columns of the Ledger. In
the returns of the last United v States census, as the
figures are construed from the Tacoma aspect, 84.8 per
cent of, Tacoma's total population was found to be in
private families; Spokane was second in this respect,
having in families 80.7 per cent, while Portland had 75.1
per cent and Seattle but 67.9 per cent. The average size
of the families in Tacoma, Portland and Seattle was 4.2
persons. Spokane, so the figures would seem to prove,
had but 3.9 persons to a family on the average. By the
same census, according to the same analyst of statis
tics, the school attendance at Tacoma amounted to 18
per cent of the total population, at Seattle to 12.6 per
cent, at Spokane 16.6 per. cent, and at Portland 14.7 per
cent. S
Since the United States census figures were made up
Tacoma has had a new source of information about its
own population, the facts being supplied by a just-issued
city directory/This contains the names of 26,962 in
dividuals, excluding all names of firms, corporations,
streets, buildings and the like, which appear in the list.
Married women and children are not named in the direc
tory. The multiple applied at'Tacoma to find from the
directory the actual population is 2j^. This makes trie
present population of Tacoma 67,405. The same multi
ple is employed by directory makers in rating the other
northwestern cities. '-:
THE SPEECH OF MR. WILLIAMS.
T HE S^AlN FR AN CI SCO GALL
i JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ' . • . .:•..% . , . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office •••• ........ ....... .......:........... ...Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY • • '. .JULY 13, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904:
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
in a position where It Is exposed to
tho gun's rays for a while, and then
remove it to a dark room. If the dia
mond is genuine it will glow in the
darkness with a distinct phosphor
escence, but if it is imitation It will
have no phosphorescent qualities
whatever — will look in the darkness
just like a piece of glass.
"The third test is undoubtedly ths
best of the three. A diamond has only
single refraction; that Is, it gives but
a single image of any object viewed
through it. When the diamond Is held
before a candle or bright light but tha
one light will be visible to the eye
through its substance. An imitation
diamond, no matter how cunningly
it has been contrived, will give a
rayraid of images. Just like a piece of
cut glass."— "Washington Star.United ' States Internal Revenue
Agent Bert M. Thomas returned yes
terday from Stockton, where he seized
the whisky and wine distillery of
Henry Armbrust, a pioneer resident of
that place, for selling fifty gallons of
grape brandy without having paid the
special revenue tax thereon. The
plant will be confiscated unless the
Secretary of the Treasury allows Arm
brust to settle by a compromise pay
ment. Armbrust told Agent Thomas
that he was not aware he was violat
ing the law.
Thomas Seizes Distillery.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc, at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) S5 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. SOS Taylcr st., 650 Market
et., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 43*
Notice to Passengers.
Cheap Rates East.
If you are going to World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask about It. T. K.
STATELER. General Agent. 647 Market st.,
San Francisco. .. ' •
SCALES ESTATE.— Petition for letters or
administration upon the estate ot Amanda M.
Scales was filed lnth« Superior Court yester
day by Charles H. Robinson and Joseph Leg
trett. The ertate is worth $37.660. , .¦
T. B. Sanders, acting commissioner
of the Department of Commerce and
Labor," notified Acting Customs Col
lector Hamilton yesterday that the
Chinese Government had opened i the
ports of Chinanfu. Shantung, Weihsien
and Chouts'un to foreign trade begin
ning May 17.
Chinese Ports Opened.
While intoxicated George Van Tas
sell, a carriage painter, attacked his
mother yesterday with a knife. She
threw up her arm to ward off the
blow aimed at her and. received an
ugly gash on her hand. Van Tassell
was arrested by Policemen McMannus
and Kramer and was booked for as
sault at the City Prison.
Uses Knife on His Mother.
Antonio Avenzlno, an Italian anar
chist from Jackson, Amador County,
lies in jail in this city awaiting the de
cision of the Secretary of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor as to
whether he shall be sent home to
Italy. A special board of Inquiry con
vened by United States Immigrant
Commissioner North has examined
Avenzino and recommended his de
portation. The prisoner admitted that
shortly prior to leaving Italy he had
been arrested for getting into a fight
with another man on account of a girl
and that he had forfeited his bail and
escaped to New York, where he ar
rived on the steamship Weimftr April
25 of last year. The prisoner was ar
rested a few weeks ago In* Amador
County for having bitten a man with
whom he was fighting. Anarchistic
pamphlets were found on his person
after his arrest.
Anarchist Slay Be Deported.
The Supreme Court decided not to
render a decision in the Gopcevic
estate case yesterday as was expected,
but ordered the arguments of contest
ants submitted on briefs. The action
is Instituted by three relatives of
Harry Floyd Gopcevic to restrain
Judge Sayre of Lake County from dis
tributing the estate to the ex-streetcar
gripman, Milos Gopecvic.
Gopccvic Case Submitted.
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
Leaves Saturday, July 16; $28 50 round
trip. In one way and out another,
around the famous "double loop "
Passes directly through two groves of
giant sequoias. Special care for women
and children. You will get the best of
everything on the Santa Fe. A rare
chance to visit the famous valley. In
quire at. 641 Market street, Santa Fe
office. •
TO YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The relatives answered the tele
rram by requesting the United Un
dertakers to take care of the body
until Miss Mamie Trainer arrived
here. At 4 o'clock the next morning
and then again at 8 o^clock the under
takers telephoned the family at Gil
roy and said they had charge of the
body and asked for authority to sign
the order for the body. This was re
fused, the familf Eaying that Mamie,
who had gone to this city, would at
tend to the matter.
The letter has convinced the Coro
ner that the order was forged.
Coroner Leland received- a letter
yesterday from Mamie Trainer at Gil
roy repeating ti/e charge that some
one, on behalf of the United Under
takers, had forged her name to an
order for the body of her sister, Clara,
who died in this city July 7. The
vriter inclosed i copy of the follow
ing telegram sent by the undertaking
£rm to Gilroy after Mamie Trainer
had left for this city for the purpose
cf taking charge, of the body:
"San Francisco. July 7, 1904. Clara
Trainer dead- Wire instructions, ~^
"UNITED UNDERTAKERS."
of Sister's Body.
Writes to Coroner Explaining Attempt
of Undertakers to dot Possession
MAMIE TKA1XER TELLS
OF A FORGED ORDER
The peculiar predicament of a man
who, unconscious at the time, did not
know the surgeon that operated upon
him, and has since been sued for fees
by a doctor who did not operate, is set
forth in an interesting affidavit filed
yesterday in support of a motion for a
new trial. The document is also an ad
mission of an attorney's oversight in
the prosecution of his client's case.
Percy E. Fuller, holding an assigned
claim for $750 from Dr. J. A. Sllverman
against David Bernstein, sued the lat
ter for the amount and the case came
to trial, on December 10, 1903, but was
continued until April of this year, when
Fuller got Judgment.
The affidavit on appeal is made by
Leon Samuels, attorney for Bernstein.
In the first place, Samuels says, he did
not believe the case would be tried on
the date set and he did not prepare for
it. His reason for bo believing was
that Silverman was in Alaska and a
deposition obtained from him was sign
ed by a notary, A. M. Randol, to whom
the court had issued no commission.
For that reason he never examined the
deposition and his objection to Its use
In evidence was sustained at the first
hearing. But in April the Silverman
deposition was admitted in evidence,
and it said ' among other things that
Bernstein had promised to pay the doc
tor well for the operation. Samuels de
clares he is in possession of a letter
in which Silverman says that he' only
assigned a claim for $500. In the way
of other new evidence Samuels adda
that when Bernstein was operated upon
he waa unconscious and none of his
relatives was present. It was not
learned until later that the operation
In reality was performed by Dr. Henry
Barbat, and that Silverman was only
an assistant.
Peculiar Pleading Only One of Many
in Affidavit. Supporting Motion
- for New Trial. . "
SAYS ANOTHER DOCTOR
PERFORMED OPERATION
As the result of a report filed yes
terday by Chief Inspecting Physician
Hassler to the effect that certain milk
dealers are using preservallne in milk
supplied to consumers, .the Health
Board will institute an Investigation
with a view to putting a stop to the
practice.- The dealers using preser
vallne will be prosecuted under the
general ordinance prohibiting the
adulteration of milk.
Hassler also reported that it is
common practice to dilute one gallon
of cream so as to make three gallons
and this practice als.o will be stopped.
The* pure food department will take
the matter in hand.
Hassler also reported that many
cases of sickness have resulted from
the eating of berries presumably
sprayed with poison to destroy para
sites.
Health Board Receives Report From
Chief In5pectlng Physician Hassler
Regarding Illegal Practice,
In performing: the autopsy in the
case of Daniel Manning, Dr. • Baci
galupi found that the three wounds
were probably self-inflicted. -The
clothing near the wound in the breast
was badly burned, showing that the
pistol was held only a few inches from
the body. One of the bullets was fired
into the man's face, almost tearing
away his Jaw. All the wounds were
powder marked.
Neatly folded with a letter from his
daughter, Mrs. Effie Munroe of Sioux
City, Iowa, was a note, as follows:
"City Coroner— Dear Sir: Do not
blame any one. I am tired of life."
Manning was about 65 years of age
and had been a heavy drinker and on
that account was for the third time dis
charged from his employment at the
Morrow building Saturday night. Since
his dismissal he told Christensen that
he intended to shoot his late employer
and seemed determined to carry out
his threat.
In the meantime Policeman Winzler
entered the room and found Manning
dead. Detectives Wren and Dinan and
Deputy Coroner Brown made an in
vestigation and concluded that it was
a case of self-destruction. Two shots
entered the man's head and one was
fired into his breast.
Alarmed, Christensen was about to
hurry frdm the room when Manning
ordered him to remain. The frightened
man, however, made good his escape.
As he leftV he heard two more shots
flred. He hastened to the Harbor
Emergency, Hospital and notified the
officials of the occurrence.
Chris Christensen, who occupied the
same bed with deceased, waa awaken
ed by the report of a pistol. Looking
up he saw blood streaming from Man
ning, who was sitting on the side of
the bed. fully dressed.
Peter Manning, an elevator man, un
til recently employed at the Morrow
building, 15 Sutter street, shot and
killed himself in a squalid apartment
in the basement at 538 Howard street
at about 11 o'clock yesterday morning.
At first there was some suspicion that
Manning had been murdered, but in
quiry Boon set aside all idea of foul
play.
Frank Cusick was released late last
night on $500 bonds approved by Judge
Lawlor.
WILL STOP THE USE OF
PRESERVATIVE IX MILK
Yesterday morning Policemen Levy
aftd McTevitt, who have been working
on the case with Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy, arrested Thornwall Carroll,
an electrician, employed by the South
ern Pacific Company, at Twenty- fifth
and Valencia streets, and took him to
the City Prison. Carroll was one of
the gang tllat threw rock3 and pieces
of wood at Fred vpn Issendorf and his
brother, Henry, prior to the Bhooting.
He admitted this to the policemen, one
of whom had followed him down Page
street.
In the afternoon the two "Von Issen
dorf s called at the City Prison, where
Harry and James Descalso, "William
Harvey and Frank Cusick. who were
arrested early Monday morning, and
Carroll were lined up with four other
prisoners. The brothers at once identi
fied the Descalsos, Cusick and Harvey
as four of the gang, but they could not
identify Carroll, who had on his work
ing clothes. The four were booked on
charges of assault with a deadly
weapon. Three pieces of rock and a
scantling were booked as evidence
against them. One of the rocks struck
Fred von Issendorf on the Jaw, knock
ing him down, and Henry was struck on
the mouth with the scantling. As Car
roll could not be identified he was dis
charged. He had made preparations
to leave the city, as the police found in
his pockets a Southern Pacific pass to
Ogden.
Fred von Issendorf,"grcfrer, Page and
Lyon streets, charged with shooting
Percy Sexton in front of hig store
early Monday morning, was released
yesterday on $2000 bonds by Police
Judge Mogan. Sexton, who was shot
in the abdomen, is said to be sinking
slowly but surely at the Southern Pa
cific Hospital. The attending physi
cians refuse to permit the police or
any one else to see him.
Shoots Himself While Sit
ting on the Bed Where His
Room-Mate Is Sleeping
Young Grocer Who Fired the
Shot .That Struck Percy
Sexton 'Released on Bonds
* Bab." lie also kepi thouUr.g for -Bert," a
xwman with whom be is acquainted. My
I :• -her x»a« not here at Uie time, and Percy
Uflinian*, ere cf our waiters, told him eo.
J-awrence was very firunk and in , order to
evold tr\>ub!e with him I rut out the lights in
the bar as soon &s I heard his voice. McMll- '
Lns was standing in the hallway and Lav
rtnee ran at him with an optn kr.ife, Ehoutins
that he wou'.d cut his heart out If he did not
t ¦ as he was told. Before McMillans could do ;
Bsythlag Lawrence struck him with the knife
svl cut his arm. By that time I was out of
tt:<- > ar. I crabbed Lawrence and threw him
v> tlie fiocr. lie threatened to kill me, but
ir.!-tea<] '-'f trying to Jumr>e<l to his fe*t. saying:
"My G<x\. what have I done?" He then ran
rat Of the Golden Gate-avenue entrance. I '
Ci.:i«-4 the lolice tnd McMillans west to the
fcoepttsL Thrt 1s all 1 know about the case.
lj"«rcnce har tn-rn around here several times
end whrnevi r he :p drunk he is nasty. Thcee
weeks aco I rr^vided his hail when he was
«rre«ed on a chanre of beinp drunk. If he
*>\fT • '¦¦¦¦! at me ajrain the way he did this
xncmir.p I will certainly lay him out.
¦U'h^n Lawrence ran out of the res
taurant he rang the bell .at 411 Golden
Gate avenue and as Mrs. Ruby New
lin ocencd the door, rushed into the
house and paid he had stabbed a man
and wanted protection. Mrs. Newlin
tried to calm him until she could sum
mon the police, but as Mrs. Clara Pot
ter, who resides in the house, came to
see what was the matter, Lawrence
pulled his knife from his coat pocket,
said he would fight it out with the
police and started out.
As he left the room he threw the
knife in»a corner. As he stepped to
the sidewalk Policemen Koracke and
Hiett arrested him, took him to th»
Citv Hall station and booked him on
a charge of assault with a deadl'y
¦weapon. Lawrence was subsequently
taken to the City Prison and later re
leased on a $jOD bond.
McMillans' wound, which is not seri
ous, was dressed at the Emergency
Hospital.
Ls.*.T*r.c» came !n bere a. little before S
c\iock and fhcuted thai he wanted to ses
David B. Lawrence, a well-known
local business man, started out Mon
day night with %Ki looking for a good
time. He wound up yesterday morning
In the City Prison, charsred with* as-
Fault with a deadly weapon and only
a few dollars in his pocKet. Percy Mc-
Millan?, a waiter in a restaurant at 323
Larkin street, has a wound in his left
arm as the result of a knife stab in
f.icted by Lawrence.
Lawrence Is the agent for the H-
N. Martin Company of Louisville, Ky.,
*vith headquarters at 421 Market street.
He is said to be a peaceful Individual
until he pulls corks from bottles and
logins to consume that which is class
ed as a "raocker." Lawrence had been
pulling corks Monday night and when
he reached the Larkln street restau
rant yesterday morning as the cocks
t'egan to crow he was ready for
trouble. An account of his condition
ct that time and the subsequent re
tults are best told by Harry Babcock.
the steward of the restaurant, who
tays:
Knife Wielder Is Arrested,
but Later Given Liberty
on Putting Up $500 Bond
CHARGED WITH FELONY
SERIOUS THREATS MADE
THREATENS THE POLICE
Before leaving her home at 172
Dorland street last Sunday afternoon.
Mrs. Gertrude Hoffman bethought her
of the family Jewels and sought a safe
place of concealment. After consid
erable brain-racking she decided that
the best way to baffle possible burglars
was to hide the treasures In a bundle
of soiled linen that awaited the com
ing of the Chinese laundryman, who
was not expected to call until next
day. During her absence, however, he
called and carried away the precious
bundle and yesterday he was before
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand
larceny. Mrs. Hoffman testified . that
she recovered all the jawels except
two diamond rings and On Gong was
Temporary Insanity is the defense of
Adolph Goldman, who shot ex-Mayor
Show of Oakland on June 17, in the
Clarendon HoteL At the continued
preliminary hearing yesterday- before
Judge Mogan the defendant's attorney,
Frank Murphy, said he intended to
show that at the time of the shooting
Goldman was mentally deranged, hav
ing been driven to that condition by
Snow's treatment of -him In financial
matters.
Snow' was subjected to a severe
cross-examination by Murphy, and
finally requested the Judge to excuse
him from further talking, as he was
ill. He said that all the money he ever
got from Goldman did not exceed 5250,
and it was in payment for Carnages
done to his property in Oakland by
Goldman. At the time of the shooting,
he said, he mentally noted every re
port until the fifth shot Indicated that
the weapon was empty. The first bul
let struck the back of his head and
prostrated him, and he lay there count
ing, while other leaden missiles were
fired Into his body. After the fifth re
port he struggled to his feet.
The cross-examination will be re-
Eumed to-morrow morning, and Attor
ney Murphy says he will then intro
duce some documentary evidence in the
shape of letters that passed between
Goldman and Snow.
Glen J. Ross, the juvenile blackmailer
who operated in Jefferson Square, got
thirty days for begging, and then Judge
Mogan deferred until to-day the sen
tence of Edward Depot, similarly
charged and convicted, who said he
could prove good character if given
time to produce witnesses.
• • •
Police Sergeant Dunn's squad went
valiantly to protect the bench warmers
in Columbia Square from the hoodlum
ism to which they were subjected by
a gang of small boys, and the result of
the first, round-up was five prisoners
of ages ranging from ten to fifteen. It
was the wont of the quintet and others
like. them, the policemen said, to dis
turbs the wooing of youthful couples
by stealing up behind the'benches upon
which they were seated and violently
pushing them over. In that way the
defendants had abruptly transformed
moments of bliss into moments of
fright for their victims. One pair were
upset with violence and severaly in
jured.
The defendants unanimously declared
that they were guiltless of the offense
alleged, but confessed they knew of
such offenses having been committed
by "other kids." Cases continued till
Saturday by Judge Mogan, and police
instructed to bring "other kids" to
court. /
With an iron bar S. C. Lewis, a stal
wart soldier, cracked the heads of
Faust Musant and another complain
ant, with whom he entered into com
bat in a Pacific-street saloon, and so
seriously was Faust injured that Judge
Fritz continued the case against his
assailant till next Saturday.
Anyone Horezy of 84S Howard street
ordered mush and medium boiled eggs
in a Fourth-street restaurant, and
when the waiter, Dan Vascalles,
brought him fried eggs he refused to
take them. Then he complained of
the quality and quantity of the but
ter served to him, whereupon the
waiter blackened his eye. Judge Con
larf will hear further details to-day.
The women are neighbors in the 600
block of Greenwich street and the bat
tery was committed on June 15. Since
then the case has been called several
times and continued on account of the
reported illness of Mrs. de Grazia.
She was a nervous wreck and unable
to leave her couch, an eloquent young
lawyer paid, so severely had her feel
ings been injured by Mrs. Patton prior
to the felling of that woman by the
clothesline prop. How long Mrs. de
Grazia's excuse would have kept the
court in suspense no man could sur
mise, but the news came that she had
been seen on the street. Then it de
veloped that a bargain sale was the
undoing of her seclusion. She was
unable to resist the alluring announce
ments of a summer stock clean-out by
one of the big dry goods establish
ments and was caugrht mingling with
the crowd of femininity that packed
the store and blocked the sidewalk.
When the Judge heard of her ability
to hold her own in the bargain sale
melee he pronounced her fit to with
stand the comparatively tame ordeal
of a Police Court trial. A bench war
rant accordingly issued.
Mrs. Patton averred that she had
never by word or deed provoked the
enmity of Mrs. de Grazia, It was true,
however, that the little Miss de Grazia
had written on a fence with chalk cer
tain libelous attacks on little Miss Pat
ton and that she (Mrs. Patton) had
informed Mrs. de Grazia that the slan
ders must be stopped. This warning
was given in quiet tone and printable
language as the women stood in their
respective back yards, separated by a
fence. The next thing Mrs. Patton
knew was a severe pain in her head,
caused by the clothesline prop.
Mrs. de Grazia's story, as filtered
through an interpreter, was a complete
denial of everything Mrs. Patton had
testified. v
A clothesline prop, qualified by
length and sturdiness to serve with
distinction as the mainmast of a forty
foot yacht, was the implement utilized
by Mrs. Julia de Grazia to convey phy
sical injury to Mrs. Mary Ann Patton.
Mrs. de Grnzia will be sentenced by
Police Judge Mogan to-day for bat
tery-
Edward Woods and Harry Scott, tel
ephone linemen, and Edward Burke, a
Southern Pacific brakeman, were ac
cused of holding up Florian Andralne,
vocation not registered, and robbing
him of. $150 early yesterday morning on
Stevenson street, between Third and
Fourth. Florian, who lives at 951 Six
teenth avenue south, did not appear to
prosecute, and Judge MoganA continued
the case until this morning.
Patrolman W. J. Sheehan repeated
the story told to him by Florian. The
defendants, he said, were eating break
fast in a Fourth street restaurant
when Florian entered and In a burst
of good-fellowship, although he had
never seen either of them before, in
sisted on paying for their food. They
magnanimously allowed him to do so,
and he left them there and proceeded
on his way. Then they followed him
and took his money.
Dottie Kelly and Maggie Smith, who
had been arrested for vagrancy and
released on $10 bail, were attired in
snowy opera cloaks and • towering
masses of white millinery when they
entered Judge Conlan's court yester
day morning, and so disorderly was
their demeanor as they gat awaiting,
trial that they were ordered into cus
tody for contempt.
"Mercy!" exclaimed vNIiss Kelly, in
incredulous tone, "you don't mean to
say you expect us to wear these
clothes in them filthy cells?"
"The matter of prison wardrobe I
leave entirely to you," was the Judge's
response. "It's not the clothes, but
their wearers, that have outraged the
dignity of this court."
After a prolonged and audible intake
of breath Miss Smith indignantly in
quired, "Did any one ever?" No one
had.
Charley Murray, alias, Moore, an es
caped convict charged with grand lar
ceny, was returned to Folsom prison
by order of Judge Fritz. At the time
of his escape Murray had several years
to serve.
• • •
An echo of the glorious Fourth re
scunded in Judge Mogan's court when
E. J. "Walsh was called and charged
with peace disturbance. The complain
ant was Policeman Suttman. who testi
fied that on the last anniversary of the
nation's birth he was conversing with a
lady at Twenty-fourth and Castro
streets when the defendant covertly
placed a large bomb, with lighted fuse,
between the complainant's feet, and
that the resultant explosion not only
frightened the lady almost to death,
but scorched and tore his clothes.
Walsh declared that some other fel
low, unknown to him, committed the
incendiary act, and his Honor gave
him till next Saturday to prove his
defense.
• • •
George Curry, the gripman who shot
and killed his wife in a Turk-street
lodging-house on July 6, was a picture
of absolute dejection when he ap
peared before Judge Mogan for pre
liminary examination. The testimony
wos a repetition of that given at the
inquest and will be resumed at noon
to-day.
Annie, Brown, a middle-aged siren
of the Barbary Coast, was held by
Judge Fritz to answer a gTand larceny
charge in the Superior Court The
complaining witness was a gray
haired farmer. N. N. Robinson, from
up Stockton way, who accused the
woman of having robbed him of a
purse containing $20<h while he was in
a Pacific-street saloon.
• • •
Six months in the County Jail was
the sentence imposed on Mrs. Mary
Proctor for cruelly neglecting her
three young children. Her husband,
who is a stableman, was ordered into
custody and will be tried to-day for
the same offense. Miss Lucy Fisher,
visiting nurse for the Associated
Charities, testified that within three
weeks she had gone to. the Proctor
home on Shipley street thirty-one
times, and on each occasion found the
woman drunk and the children hun
gry, ragged and fllthy. Photographs
of the little ones were exhibited to
Judge Conian and the emaciated ap
pearance of the unfortunate subjects
prompted his Honor to express regret
that the law would not allow, him to
punish the inhuman mother more se
verely.
advised to produce them in court next
Saturday If he desires to avoid a jury
trial in a higher tribunal.
Brothers Yon Issendorf Rec
ognize Four of Their As
sailants in City Prison
Detectives Conclude That
Peter Manning Died of
WoimdsV Self-inflicted
Mrs. Juiia de Gr;-zia, Too Feeble to Appear in Court, Yields
to Seductions of Job-Lot, Displays— -She Is Arrested
and Convicted of Assaulting Neighbor With Clothes Prop
ROCK THROWERS
ARE IDENTIFIED
MURDER THEORY
DOES NOT HOLD
David B. Lawrence. 3Ianager
for the II. X. Martin Com
pany. Involved in Trouble
BUSINESS MAN
STABS WAITER
BARGAIN. SALE ALLURES
AMAZON TO HER UNDOING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
9
ADVEBTISEHENTa.
GASTORIA
Fox Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^t^/yfv^C^k:
ASrrjSEUENTS.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
te Boy and Clayton; Estella and Baoetta
D'Arvllle; <Ttm'wiTiffT»»TT» and Smith;
Harry Seeback; Oreen a&d 'Warner;
Lelfffl Brothers; Gllllnan and Murray;
Orpnenm Motion Pictures, and
VALERIC BERGERE AND COMPANY,
Presenting up to and Including Wednesday
evenlne, "BILLIE*S FIRST LOVE" and for
the rest of the week "HIS JAPANESE
WIFE." •
Regular matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c 25c
and 50c.
tin/hi i°per*
I I VU Li house-
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
OnllSli BEAUTY
lIUUU CHORUS
Frontuli Cirsle, 3d Tlasr, Barters' PtmiiiJ
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tlvoll Prices — 25c, 60c, 75c
, Seats Always Selling — Only Matlnea Sat.
fa I El ELfl ££ 1 II ** faA -^' SC8 " :
vUiBl^KWiiP^I^ LEADtSQ THEATEi
Nightly Except Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLT.
CHARLE3 FROHMAN PRESENTS
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In. Hubert Henry Davis* Comedy,
COUSIN KATE
"Charmingly convincing." — Call.
"A good deal more enjoyable than a whole
lot of 'great productions' with 150 peopla on
the stage." — Chronicle."*
"She acts Kate with sound heart, keen wit
and witchery." — Examiner.
"Bewitching." — Post.
"Ethel Barrymor© U easily attractive." —
Bulletin. ¦..-,--'' \
CALIFORNIA
. AI.Ii THIS WIEK. E&k
MATINEE SATURDAY.
M 25c and 50c ||
i F3 The hilariously funny comedy, |j
I THE HON.
| j JOHN NORTH
. |t - By Herbert Bashford. l|
Si Presented by our Favorite Comedian.' K
' H L. R. STOCKWELL, x II
H NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Opemng M
KJ of - Special Melodrama Season — "A I
2 THOROUGHBRED TRAMP." Special K
' W^ Popular Prices, 15c, 25c, BOc. 'B
MATINtE SATURDAY.
MR. I.AST 4 HIOKTS
- lABfirO of A. C. Gunur'i
I U «¥l I" \ Famous Drama,
...g MR. BARNES
ORIGINAL, N r W I IIK j\
NEILL COMP-Y Illnill ¦ UIlll
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
SPECTAL SUMMER PRICES— 15c. 25e and 50c
Best Reserved. Seat in Orchestra, ICc.
MISCEIXANEOUS AJfTJS-KT.rF.WT3>
BASEBALL
At, RECREATION PARK.
Elzhth and Harrison Streets.
SAN FRANCI iCO vs. OAKLAND.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY, and FRIDAY.
SATURDAY, 3 o. m.
SUNDAY, 2:30 d. ro.
Ladies Free Thursday and Friday.
Advance sale of seats at & Stockton st.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PEB TEAB,
17SQ- IQO4
Fall of the Bastile
Mechanics' Pavilion
THURSDAY, JULY 14, .
THE O2TIiT CSL£SaATI05
T7SSES TBS ATJSFIC2S OP TKH
rSESCH SOCXETT.
Literary Exercise* 1:30 p. m.; Game*, eta.
Concert 9 p. m.
All Night Ball, 10 p. m.
A PMJ H81OIT— 25 cents.
liY.ua I* Q — 50 cants.
SO-cent Tickets purchased In afternooa wUl
be honored at night. . .
ALCAZAR l™r
General Minsj sr.
TO-NIGHT— ALI* WEEK.
MATTNEE9 THURSDAY AND SATCRDAT.
WHITE | And tha Alcazar Stock Co. |
WHITTLESEY
« «* 15 A BTJX7TU0US REVIVAL 0T w^
HeartseasE
"•Will do a biff week." — Chronic!*.
"No one will «ver regret M«!ag *H>«Jt— a— *
*t tfc* Alcaxar." — Post.
Evg.. 25c to 75c. Mat*. Thnrs. £ Eat.. SSo to S0«
Next Monday— 'WHITE ¦WHITTLESEY la tb«
Fascinating Romanes.
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Market St., rear Eighth. . Fhont South 531
Tfl-NlPiHT au Tills WMk.
I U-niIUn I . a^tjaee, s»t. ud g^a.
The Tremendously Successful Comedy-Drama
of Home Lift. .: .
ALONG THE MOHAWK"
A Sensational Political Battl*!
? Thrilling Editorial Campaign!
A Pyro technical Election Day!
DDirTC Evenings 10c ta 00«
talWCO Matinees 10c, 130.25a
Next — Mammoth Production of All Irish P!ay«.
, EOBEST EiliEET—
*%&£££&
.TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS OT
m a &T7CXX sroarx."
A very tunny ramlca" cocktail in two acts by
Collln Davis and Frank Wltmark.
Pronounced by press and public to b* tha acSM
of all funny burlesques.
Instant success of our new company.
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BATES.
RICE AND CADY.
BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
OARRITY SISTERS.
Packed to the last with n*w songs. speclaJtl**
and novelties.
Matlnaes Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
Next attraction— "THE WHIRL GT THE
TOWN."
THS TOBXHS, BJtASTDOW AVD WXUTX
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eveaiae ia tie Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
¦MTT-TATTra-B ELECTRIC BAILBOAB,
TTHTO TOTJira IiEOPABJDS X» TSCB SOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion
AMATEUB jriOHT TJauUSDAT.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN ...Si
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
j0\ M n JS 1% Outfits. Guns, Amnmr.l-
r? N £3 Pi Pi i g ticn. FVMnff and Outini
I 81 ll*!i TsS Goods. Tents ar.1 runs t»
¦ ¦^l«ll Rent- -CATALOG FRESi
WilBlIi f HREVE 4 BARBER CO.,
621 Kearny »t., 8. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y. '. /.." -.--.••¦. . • .
A perfectly appointed department. The largest
and best selection of floor coverings on the coast
at lowest prices for which honest merchandise can
be sold. These points make the Store on the Square
pre-eminent. YOUR. CREDIT IS GOOD. Nof-ced.
COTTAOF PARPFT Reversftle-Each ride a different €% F*
1>UIIAUC bttKrCI pattern; an artUtic and a sanitary V Sft
floor covering; per yard .... *"^^V
AGATE PRO-BRUSSELS 5S3?2£- S SS! 40lS
lectfromj sanitary and moth proof ; per yard
mi i -wnni kvorain n ° c * f p et m * de ***** c » a «<?«*! *&*» good
/-»i_i_ ikuvl iiiuivHiiv o . d weave ior a va _ gygx^
ricty ot artistic designs suitable for living room, dining room or frh I I jL
sleeping room; per yard " " "
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS 3£i •£££"£ 65 C
ferns; beautiful colors; per yard XJ\J%J
Wnfil VFI \/FT<S A choice selection of effective col- |> fl C f\
VVUUL- VLLVLIO mingii modern designs; P«!S| # iil
BICELOW AXMINSTERS '%£*£%! gjfat
ries of the rainbow have been caught and embodied in this 1 >£
beautiful weave ; per yard " ¦ • * m **
Rltfi An W001 ' reversible; 9x12 feet; large enough
OlYIIIXWtt IXtU fof avefage toomt ygty jftkMM mjmm
choice patterns, both floral and Persian ; price each 5^ I £JL 1 *\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A. B. SMITH'S
New Trunk
And Bag Store
We are showing a larger
and better assortment of
Trunks and Bags than - ever.
Jft you are interested, come
and see us. "We've got the
goods" at our new store, f
116 ELLIS!
PafarA D °N' T FAIL TO
idlaWO 8ee be a U tifnl
j COURT Lounging
ftflfl room, the EMPIRE
r : uuu Parlor, the
p- t PALM ROOM, the
UTfi flQ LOUIS XV PAR.
U * UIIU LOR, and the LAi
n m DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
ADVEBXISEDCEUTTS.
gf YOUR OLD 1|
\\ I have us* for It and wtil give M
U you liberal allowance for It on a R
\1 new one. My Razors are all high w
y gTade arrd guaranteed. Prices as 1
I low as Sl.OO. 1
I , STA S^ APETY BAZOKS. reg- fl
I «^ r^^ 2 - 00^ \? lues - I sell at fl
I JBl.riO- Full seta and extra B
B blades at low prices. S
I POCKET KH1VES, the kind fj
R you can swear by and depend on.H
H Two or three blades. My price B
H only SI. OO- M
Fa Other lines of good Cutlery at I
H moderate figures. |
| \ Razors honed and ground I
g Honing. 25e- ' I
B Mall orders attended to promptly fl
I THAT A1AN PITTS B
a F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. 1
¥1 10C3 1IAREET ST.. Above Powell M
B SAN FRANCISCO. B
\A1. X. HESS,
XTotary Public and Attoraey-at-Jiaw
Tenth Floor, Hocm 1015. Claus Spreckels bldr
TVf-'phone Main «m. *ZT_
Ilw-Idfiic«\ JSO2 McAllister Bt.
HesiUence Telephone I'a^e OCil.A glad. heart seldom sighs, but a sor- '
z-owful mouth often laughs. 1
ST. LOUIS, July 12. — The Buffalo
German team defeated the Central
Young Men's Christian Association
team of New York in the last of the
World' : Fair Olympic basket ball
games to-day. The victory carries
with it the world's Olympic champion-
Ship. . ? ;
Buffalo Boys Are Champions.
; After the murder of Charles Hart
man at 321 Third street and the wound
ing of his brother George on Sunday
morning by .August Geber,- the police
were 'informed by/an ex-convict that
Geber had served a term in San Quen
tin.' Geber denied It. Detectives Dinan
and Wren and , the officers of the
Identification Bureau have since been
saerchlng the records. They discovered
yesterday, that Geber had been
sentenced on December 18, 1S98, to serve
two years in San: Quentin on a charge
of burglary committed in Napa County.
He was discharged on August 18, 1900.
At that time he was known as August
Neber. ' \ •
Gebcr lias a Record.
Philip Casey, Once a Shining Star in
Sporting,. World, .May Soon
Pass Away.
NEW YORK, July 12.— -Philip
Casey, former handball champion of
the world, is reported to be dying at
his Brooklyn home from cancer '¦ of
the stomach. He has been in poor
health for nearly a year. Casey train
ed John L. Sullivan for the fight with
James J. Corbett.
JOHN L.'S FORMER TRAINER
LIES NEAR DEATH'S DOOR
¦ The suit is the culmination of a long
series of litigations growing out of , the
claim of a rival concern— the -Warner-'
Quinlan Syndicate— to part of the
asphalt land at : Felicidad. " The State
Department will watch developments
in Caracas.
"WASHINGTON, July 12.— President
Castro of Venezuela > has demanded
fifty million bolivars from the New
York and Bermudese Asphalt Com
pany and has given notice of his in
tention, to proceed . legally before the
Venezuelan -courts to secure ;;J the
money. The president bases his claim
on the allegation that the company
gave material aid to the : late revolu
tionary movement and especially ". to
General . Matos, . whereby . the Castro
Government was put to the necessity
of expending the sum' of money named
to, suppress the rebellion.
Castro Wants Fifty Million Bolivars
From Corporation for Alleged In
terference During Revolution.
PRESIDENT OF VENEZUELA
DEMANDS BIG INDEMNITY
Joe Angeli and Frank Rafael last
night signed articles to box fifteen
rounds At 135 pounds before the Se
quoia Athletic Club' of Oakland on
July 26. * The of the box
ers have posted $500 forfeit^ which
will go as a side bet. Bobby Johnson
and Dick Hyland will box a ten-round
preliminary. Two Oakland • lads will
furnish the curtain raiser. .
Angeli and Rafael Matched.
Second race, four and a half furlongs-
Mabel Bates won, Ben Eric second, Lena
Leford third. Time, 55%.
¦ Third race, five furlongs — Bummer won,
Priestlike second, Mlmo third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles hurdle
handicap— Milas won. Dr. Long second. David
B. third. Time, 2:02%.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Fondo won, Pepper Sauce second, Upper
cut third. Time, 1:49%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, owners' handicap
Ocyrohe and Ora Viva deadheat, Illlouon third.
Time, 1:18%.
SEATTLE, July 12. — Results:
First race, one and a half furlongs — Gladys
Bell won, Landseer second, Peter Dale third.
Time, 1:09%.
Results at Seattle.*
First Race— Geranium, Mansard,
Sad Sam. >
Second Race— Marie Frances, Pro
prietor, Dixie Lad.
! Third Race— Cardigan, Leo Planter,
Handvice.
. Fourth Race— English Lad, McGee,
Witful. .
i Fifth Racc-i-Flaxman, Gold Enam
el, Prince Brutus.
Sixth Race— Leila, Woods Perry,
Edward Hale. W . ''\.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
First race — Lady Prudence, Missing
Link, Bound Brook. •
Second race — Agio, Gortuagallon,
Hitchcock entry.
Third race — Martha Gorman, Tram
n t or, . Workman.
Fourth race — Ascension, Ingold,
Divination. _ < /
Fifth race — Sweet Alice, Lord
Badge, Thomas entry.
Sixth race— Candid, Peggy, Lady
Francis.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Wednesday's entries
are ns follows: %
First race, six furlones. selling; — Dusky 97,
Olympian 120, Lida Leib 94. Redman 106. Man-
Bard 115. Jackfull 108. Mabel Winn 108, Sad
Sam 111, Geranium 08, Ethel Abott 92, Great
Eastern 102, Mary McCafferty 101. Shipping
port 103. Potrero Grande 102.
Second race, six furlongs — Marie Frances 08,
Before 101, Investigation 101, Dixie Lad 106,
Proprietor 101. ¦ \
Third race, short courre, handicap — Golden
I'lnk 142, Cardigan 140, King: Galon? 13S, Leo
Planter 159, Fallela 132. Handvice 147.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth \ miles,
purse, handicap — Huzzah 104, Soufrlere 86,
Witrul 97, McGee 108. English Lad 101.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Ethel Day 105. De
vout 108. Flaxman 113, Allen Avon 110, Prince
Brutus 108, Bologna 110. Mary Eleanor 105,
The Gadfly 108, Double 108, Gold Enamel 113,
Uncle Charley 108, Foxy Grandma 105, Clara
Berry 105, Mum 105, Ned Turpln 105.
Sixth race, one mile, selling' — Watermelon 09,
Langford James 94, Golden Mineral 101, Klein
wood 102, Edward Hale 109, Ryevale 94, De
termination 92, Sweetie 99,' Prince of PUsen
104, Woods Perry 96. Leila 92, Falernian 102.
Weather clear: track slow.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
L. J. Phelps also" beat his time
made yesterday, going up the moun
tain In a little more than 44 minutes.
A. E. Morrison of Boston with a
twenty-four horsepower gasoline car
broke all records for that class of ma
chines and nearly equaled in correct
ed time the work done. earlier In the
day by Stanley with a steam vehicle.
He made the ascent in the actual run
ning time of 31 minutes 6 4-5 seconds,
but was allowed two minutes on ac
count of having to turn" out to pass a
car ahead of him". This gave him a
mark of 29 minutes 6 4-5 seconds.
Webb Jay, in a ten horsepower ma
chine, ascended the hill in 42 min
utes 15 seconds.
MOUNT WASHINGTON. N. Y.,
July 12. — F. E. Stanley of Newton,
Mass., who made the eight-mile as
cent of Mount "Washington in 31 min
utes 15 seconds, breaking the previous
record by' 17 minutes 44 seconds, to
day lowered his own figures by nearly
three minutes, going up the mountain
in 28 "minutes 19 2-5 seconds.. Stan
ley's average speed was at the rate of
17 2-5 miles an hour.
Daring Motorist Makes Wonderful
Time While Ascending. Grade of
• Mount Washington.
STANLEY AGAIN BREAKS
IITLL CLIMBING RECORD
time. Megaphone Joe Copeland Is in
fine form and will holler louder than
he ever hollered in his life before.
FAIR GROUND SELECTIONS.
First Race — Dr. Kier, Edith Boss,
Yellow Hammer.
Second Race — Pillar, Preventative,
Millwood.
Third Rac«; — King's Charm, Scal
per, Lord Haven.
Fourth Race — Elastic, Miss Mae
Day, Clear the Arena.
Fifth Race — Sambo, Brancas, Light
Opera.
Sixth Race^ — Pretension, Elie, John
Doyle.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The entries for to
morrow
First race, six furlongs— Pat Costlgan 110,
Bound Brook 110, Tryon 110, Louis H 110,
Hatchet 110, Head Lad 107. Mali 107. Roseben
107, Merry Moments 105, Lady Prudence 105,
Misslnr Link 105, Alinda 105, Belle of Port
land Iu5, Minkaway 105, Shipshape 105, Tide
107.
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase —
Bonfire 151.'. Agio 148. Twilight 147, Confeder
ate Grey 141. Wace 140, Jiminez 140, Terrible
Terry 138. Princess Chic 136, Libretto 130.
Thornhedge 130, Gartnagallon 130, Grace
away 130.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Trav
ator 109. Merry George 108, Nellie Russell 104,
Grand Champion 102, Graylad 102. Invader
102, Sailor Boy 102, Workman 102, Ike S 102.
Preen 102, Clover Hampton 99, Bisque 99
Montabello 97, Martha Gorman 100.
•Fourth race, eix furlongs, the Jamaica
stakes — McMeekln 113, The Musketeer 113,
Gay Boy 118, Counterpoise 110, Ascension 10S,
Ir.gold 110, Ishlana 10«, Tim Payne 105, Div
ination 102, Buckleya 102, John F 102, Major
Pelham 102. Tomcod 102.
. Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Toboggan 115, Spring 108, Lord Badge
105. Sweet Alice 102. Palmbearer 100, Stamp
laE Ground 100. Witchcraft 100, Grenade 99,
Colcnsay 99, Jack Ratlin 08, Sonoma Belle 03,
Dimple 90, Irish Witch 90, Gold Saint 93, W.
B. Fasig 87. (Palmbearer and Dimple
Thomas entry.)
Sixth race, five and. a half furlongs — Lady
Frances 110, Candida 110, Peggy 110, Miss
Modesty 104, Swiftfoot 104, Delusion 104, Ty
rolean 104, Calmness 104. Istrla 104. Salt and
Pepper 104, Halmira 104, Advance 104, Nellie
Rursell 104.
Weather clear: track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
The burglars tried to force open a
small safe, which contained $1200. but
gave up the attempt. Every room In
the house was thoroughly ransacked.
Secretaries and bureas were forced
open by means of jimmies. The bur
glars gained entrance to the house by
prying open a door In the rear. Soma
valuable silverware was overlooked.
BERKELEY, July 12. — The resi
dence of Dr. F. S. Rowley, 1907 Al
catraz avenue, was entered this even-
Ing by burglars during the absence of
the family. Some valuable papers and
75 cents in cash were taken. J.
ROBBERS ENTER HOUSE
Or DR. F. S. ROWLEY
ST. LOUIS, July 12. — To-morrow's entries
are cs fol'ows:
First race, seven furlongs, sellings — Hlnsdale
110, Corley's Dream 107, Dr. Kier 107, Prince
Hoad'y 107. Billy Moore 106, Pompey 109, Vas
sal Dance 100, Little Corker 104, Edith Boss
97, Algonquin 9«. Yellow Hammer OS, Torlo
00, Husuenetta 8». Bush Smith 8S.
Second rare, five furlongs, maidens, selling —
Mellwood 03, Dromio 103, Bradwarlln 103,
FTed Priesmeyer 101. Anadarco 101, Pillar 03.
Preventative 08. Bavarian 05.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Worth
ington 100. St. Vitus 104, Scalper 104, Klores
tan 104. S-cond Mate 102, Tlckful 101. Tenny
Belle 90 King's Charm 99, Lord Haven Vt,
Hazel H 99, Hoceo 06, The Hebrew 95. -
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Elastic
121. Miss Mae Day .100. Stand Pat 104, Glen
nevls 100. Otto Stifel 07, Clear the Arena 04,
St. Agnes II 81. . . „„
Fifth race, one mile — Sambo 112. Pathos 10v»
Byron Ross 102. Light Opera 100, Neversuch
100. Brancas 07.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing John Doyle 103, Pretension 102. lille 102.
Miss Betty 08, Misanthrope 08. Athena 98. Re
glna VI 93.
' Weather clear; track heavy.
FAIR GROUND ENTRIES.
TEN ROUNDS AND A VICTORY
FOR McGRAW'S NEW YORKERS
NEW YORK. July 12.— Highball, the
American Derby winner and one of the
best of the three-year-olds, broke his
leg at the ankle during the running of
the Seagate stakes at Brighton Beach
to-day. As Highball is insured for
$25,000, a message was sent to a rep
resentative of the Insurance company
In New York to come at once to look
at the Derby winner and end his agony,
and Bud May, half owner of the horse.
finally consented to have him shot.
Only three faced the starter for the
Seagate stakes, with Highball favorite
at 11 to 20. Highball showed in front
to the first turn, when he bore out, and
Odom had to hit him over the head to
keep him in. Knight Errant then as
eumed the lead and showed the way to
the finish, winning, easily by two
lengths from St. Valentine.
As the field swung into the stretch
Highball was seen to falter and Odom
et once pulled him up and dismounted.
After several attempts to walk him off
the track a man held the broken leg
while a half dozen others pushed him
to the Infield, where his leg was
strapped up so it could not touch the
ground. He was then led to his sta-
Lle.
The famous horse, winner of many
good races last year and of the $26,
000 American Derby, at Washington
Park, Chicago, on June 18 last, was de
stroyed, his owners having taken pro
fessional advice from two veterinari
ans, who declared that the double frac
ture of the pastern was so bad that it
was useless to attempt to save him.
Highball was Insured by Lloyds of
London.
CRACK WING SHOTS 3IEET
IN TOURNAMENT AT DENVER
Fred Gilbert Carries Off the First
Honors Witli the High Score
of 194.
DEXVER, Colo.. July 12. — Fifty of
the best shots in the country are tak
ing part in the third Grand Western
handicap, which began a three days'
tournament at the grounds of the Den
ver Trap Club here to-day. Fred Gil
bert, the noted marksman, carried off
the honors of the day with a score
<>f 194 out of a possible 200. Gallup,
Shaw, Thiele, Roser, Hoffman and
Dorsey did not reach the grounds in
time to complete their scores to-day
and may be given an opportunity to
finish before the close of the tourna
ment. The summary:
Herschey 186, Pickett 177, Priesen 180,
Heirgood 140. King 183. Budd 185. Riehl 174,
<".arrett 181. Lawton 18». Rhorer 185, Seevers
1S9, Mann 160, George Maxwell ISO, John
Maxwell 179, Mackie 179, O'Brien 186, Cun
ningham 160. Gottlieb 172. Biddison 156, Jones
181, Allen 1C7, MoCatt 178. Shawnee 176,
Hoggs 162, Hudelson 184, Radford 174, Gooden
171, Anderson 187, McKenzie 161, Younkman
ISO. Gilbert 194, Murray 170, Caldwell 155,
Holland 111. Clayton 184. Tlpton 172. Stone
179, Skelley 160. Waddlngton ISO. Campbell
1*1. Miller 171, McGee 188, Randall 175. H1U
170.
The Creighton handicap was also
Fhot off to-day. It consisted of twenty
birds. The twenty men finally con
tested for the first prize and it was di
vided between Riehl, George Maxwell
and Miller. The nineteen men then
ehot off for second prize until Gilbert,
Hirschey and Hudelson only remained,
when they divided the prize.
MAGNOLIA LODGE IS
XOW FUTIY YEARS OLD
Cleveland Triumphs Over Highland
el's in a Brilliant. Well Played
Game. .
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. I . W. L. Pet.
New York.. .53 18 .74<5 Boston 4ti 23 .HOT
Chicago 43 28 .62i New York... 41 27 .603
Cincinnati ..39 29 .573 Chicago 44 29 .603
Pittsburg ...3S 30 .552 Cleveland ...36 29 .554
St. Louis 35 34 .507 Philadelphia 3fi 32 .529
Boston 27 45 .375iSt. Louis 29 36 .44(1
Brooklyn ...2H 47 .373 Detroit 28 39 .418
Philadelphia 17 50 .254 j Washington .12 55 .179
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 12.— New York defeated
Cincinnati In a ten-inning game to-day. The
contest was devoid of special feature. Attend
ance 3400. Score:
\ R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 6 3
New York 7 14 1
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Matthewson and
Bowennan. Umpires — Etnslie and Johnstone.
CHICAGO. July 12. — Willis held the locals
cafe until the eighth inning, when they scored
four runs. Boston could not hit Lundgren
successfully except In the first and sixth in
nings. Attendance 2100. Score:
R. H. E
Chicago 6 0 1
Boston 3 7 3
Batteries— Lundgren and Kllng; Willis and
Needham. Umpire — O'Day.
ST. LOUIS. July 12. — Brooklyn was white
washed to-day in a. game In which the visitors
made but five hits. St. Louis hit Cronin freely
and held a safe lead alter the second inning.
Attendance 2900. Scor«:
£t. Louis •..•••••••••••¦•..•.••...•4 10 .1
Brooklyn .0 6 1
Batteries — Taylor and Zearfoss; Cronin and
Bergen. Umpire — Zlmmer.
Ai Pittsburg— PHtaburg-Phlladelphia gam«
postponed. Rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. July 12. — Boston defeated Detroit
In a heavy batting game to-day. Both teams
at times played loosely in the field. Attend
ance 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 12 16 2
Detroit 6 11 3
Batteries— Winter. Tannehlll and Crlger;
Mullen and Woods.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Th« Cleveland team
defeated the New York Americans In the op
ening game of the series here to-day. The
fielding on both sides was very fast at times,
no lees than five double plays being made. At
tendascfl 3500. Score ;
New York 1 8 2
Cleveland 8 9 4
Batteries — Hughe* and McGulre; Joss and
Abbott.
• WASHINGTON, July 12. -Washington and St.
Louis played only fire Innings to-day on ac
count of rain. Th« errors of the home team
were costly. Score:
J» TT XT
Washington ' 2 4 3
6t. Louia 6 8 1
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Glade and
Kehoe.
PHILADELPHIA, July 12.— Owen weakened
In the eighth Inning and the locals scored four
runs, winning the game. Attendance 1400
Score:
Chicago 4 7 0
Philadelphia 9 » ' •.
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Henley *nd
Schreck. 1
An Odd Fellows* Subordinate Cele
brates Its Golden Anniversary
by a Banquet.
Fifty years of Odd Fellowship was
celebrated last night by Magnolia
Lodge No. 23 of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows. At a downtown
restaurant gathered nearly 150 of the
£S0 members of that subordinate, with
Past Grand Master William H. Barnes,
Grand Treasurer J. W. Harris and
Grand Secretary George T. Shaw, be
eldes several specially Invited guests.
The tables, three in number, were
most tastefully decorated with flowers,
the main feature of the decoration,
however, being hundreds of sweet
smelling magnolias, symbolic of the
name of the lodge. The menu card, a
pretty souvenir, was made more in
terestiiifr by appropriate Quotations
from the poets, following the an
nouncement of each course.
Edward R. Moss was the toastmaster
¦nd after the excellent supper he
called upon the following to respond
to toasts, after announcing that Grand
Master J. W. Llnscott of Santa Cruz
was unable to be present by reason of
illness: Past Grand Master Barnes,
Grand Secretary Shaw, Grand Treas
urer Harris; J. K. Phillips, the only
living member of the lodge of fifty
years ago; Harry K. Wolff, noble
grand of Bay City Lodge; Past Grand
Frank D. Worth and E. C. Stock.
From the talks It appeared that the
lodge in its half century of existence
distributed $79,000 in benefits to Its
members. This Is part of $4,000,000
that the order has expended In the
same work since its Institution in this
State.
This lodge will give an entertain
ment to-morrow night to its feminine
friends in Native Sons* HalL
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
Giovanni Tezzi pleaded guilty In Judge
Dunne's court yesterday to a charge of
burglary and will 'be sentenced on July
20. He broke Into the room of Henry
Pick at 807 Kearny street on April 25
and stole some clothing and other arti
cles.
ENGLISH MARKSMEX WILL
AOT AS TROPHY GUARDIANS
Decide to Hold the Palma Prize Until
Its Ownership Is Finally
Settled.
BISLET, England, July 12. The
council of the National -Rifle Associa
tion to-day decided that last year's
contest for the Palma trophy should
be considered abortive and that the
trophy shall be retained by England
a3 custodian until another match is ar
ranged.
In replying to the communication
from the American National Rifle As
sociation accompanying the return of
the trophy the members of the coun
cil say they are unable to hold it as
accredited winners for 1903, but they
are prepared to act as its custodians
provisionally and pending any. future
arrangements which might be made in
connection with another match.
There never was a heart truly great
and generous that was not also tender
and compassionate.
Talebearers are Just as bad as tale
¦aakers.—Sheridan.
FAMILY ALLOWANCE.— Upon application
of Belle B. Rels, widow of John O'N^il Ret*
who died In New York on December KJ, 1003*
Judge Troutt yesterday ordered payment from
the estate of $600 a mouth for the support and
education of th* children, Guatav and JohD
AB. R. H. P. A.' AB. R. H. P. A.
N"<!eau.lr 4 0 2 0 1 Van H.cr 5 0 16 0
McCe,2b 3 0 O 3 3 Mohl # r,2b 5 0 3 3 2
Dren'n.ci 4 116 0 Del'h\3b 5 0 110
Beck. 1b 3 . 1 1 9 0 Frlsk.lf 3 112 0
Ray'd.ss 4 0 0 2 4 Bl'k'p.lb 4 116 0
Castro.Sb 0 0 0 0O Smith.rf 40100
Thiern.ri 3 113 0 Hall.ss 8 0 0 2 2
Ca'p-L3b 4 0 13 2 Wilson.C 4 0 0 9 2
Shea, c 4 0 2 10 Hughes.p 3 0 0 0 3
Butler.p 4 0 0 0 4
Totals 30 2 8 27 9
Totals 33 3 8 27 14|
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 00 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—2
Basa hits 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 2 0 — 6
Portland 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base, hits 001 311 10 1— S
SUMMARY.
Errors — McCrecdie, Raymond. Castro, Moh
ler. Van Haltren, Blankenship. Sacrifice hit —
Hall. Bases on balls — Off Hughes 2, off But
ler 2. Struck out — By Hughes 8, by Butler 1.
Time cf frame — One hour and forty-eight min
utes. Umpires — McCarty and McDonald.
Portland fielded in almost perfect
form. The influence of Dugdale's man
agement Is seen in the way the men
work, both in the field and at the bat.
Score:
Portland — Seattle —
SEATTLE, July 12,— A political dif
ference between Van Haltren and Moh
ler about the proprietorship of an easy
fly gave Portland the game this after
noon and practically killed what little
chance Seattle had of winning the lead
for the first half of the season.
Seattle made a desperate rally In the
eighth, but closed one run short of ty
ing the score. Jay Hughes pitched
a magnificent game for the home team,
striking out eight men. In the last
two innings he fanned fiver Butler
used nothing but a slow ball, yet the
Siwashes could not hit if safe. Dren
nan got six flies in center.
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 60 42 .58S;Oakland 51 49 .510
Seattle 5t> 44 .5«<>iSan Fran 40 50 .4&4
Log Angelea.55 47 .530jPortland 38 59 .3'J2
(P&ciflc Coast League.)
San Francisco and Oakland will fur
nish the attraction this afternoon. The
game will be called at 3:30, the usual
Recreation Park will be thrown open
once more this afternoon and the fans
who have been longing for the time to
come when they might see baseball on
the home green will feel glad that the
month of agony Is up. It seems a long
time since that old familiar cry of
"Play ball" has resounded in the neigh
borhood of Eighth street and it will
undoubtedly sound sweeter than ever
when Umpire Tom Browne sings It out
for the first time In his life to a San
Francisco crowd. *
But the homecoming of the San Fran
cisco team will not carry a bit of Joy
with it. All the honest, hardworking
fans vow they will not be on hand
to Bee such a bunch of tramps perform.
The record of the locals In the north
has been worse than disgraceful. The
team was bad enough when at home,
but managed to win once in a while.
Since leaving here it has acted almost
criminally.
Uncle's bunch comes home Just two
games shy of being in the cellar. It is
only a question of a few days when it
will land there and there it will stay
as sure as fate. It's curtains with
San Francisco and every local fan
knows that much. For a time many
thought we might be saved from the
disgrace of being tail-enders, but there
is no chance now.
Oakland did not do so awful well in
the north, but at that, it played a lit
tle baseball occasionally. Peter Loh
man has no chance to be a headliner
when the first half of the season closes
July 25. but still he may make a bid
to oust Los Angeles from third posi
tion. Lohman has suffered a lot of
hard luck and if Dunleavy gets Into
the game this week there may be some
fun.
Mike Fisher is to be congratulated
on his success. His team is a wonder
and every one knows it now. The Ti
gers have proved the sensation of the
season. They have played the kind bf
baseball that wins pennants and the
kind that the public likes to see. Every
fan is willing now to doff his hat to
Fisher and Charley Graham as well as
to big Overall Eagan, Doyle, Casey,
Sheehan and the rest of the layout.
Seattle struck its winning gait too
late. The league sluggers slumped
when they should have been playing
the game and now they are paying for
their foolishness. Portland has proved
a surprise. The Brownies never quit
even when they seemed to be down and
out and now their gameness is begin
ning to assert Itself. ¦
Los Angeles is Just about where it
belongs. The southerners never could
strike their batting gait and you can't
win ball games without numerous base
hits. The Angels were lucky to be in
third place. Their fleetness of foot while
on the bag3 was the only thing that
saved them.
Wonderful Racer Meets
With the Fatal Accident
While Coming in Stretch
On Thursday Hanlon will commence
his regular gymnasium stunts. He will
punch the bag for fifteen minutes,
skip the rope for the same length of
time and wrestle and box with his
training mates. Eddie has had a new
punching bag installed in his gym
nasium. % It is of the pattern that is
fastened at the top and bottom with
elastic jiords and' is much faster and
harder "to Judge on the rebound than
the bag that is hung by a single cord.
Hanlon expects the new bag will maka
him quicker and more accurate in de
livering: blows.
Battling Nelson put In another stren
uous day at his training quarters at
Larkspur yesterday. This morning he
took/ a run around San Quentln Point,
a distance of about ten miles, accom
panied by Ted Murphy and Dava
Barry.
"Smiling" Metzner started with the
boys, but did not put in an appear
ance until many hours later. It was
one too many for him. The greater
part of the afternoon was devoted to
boxing and shadow fighting. Nelson
boxed four rounds each with Frank
Newhouse and Frank Rafael, ,who Join
ed the camp to-day.
The weather was very warm yes
terday and Nelson perspired freely. He
is taking off weight rapidly and seems
to be In the pink of condition. If the
weather continues warm to-day he will
ease up work and take a swim at
Escalle baths.
Road running, baseball playing and
swimming constituted Eddie Hanlon's
first day's training in Alameda yester
day. In the morning the little boxer
went out for a long spin on the high
ways with Toby Irwin and Fred Land
ers, traveling as far east as Fruit
vale. In the afternoon Eddie partici
pated in .a game of ball on the big
field in the rear of Croll's Hotel. He is
almost as expert In swinging the
bat and handling the sphere as he Is
in wielding the fists that have won him
fame In the roped arena. Alter the
baseball contest was over Hanlon took
a dip In the bay and was then rubbed
down.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Butler's Slow Curves Look
Easy, but Siwashes Never
Hit When Hits Mean Runs
Chicago Lad Goes Through
His Various Stunts With
His Trainers at Larkspur
San Francisco Team Keturns
ii'om North After Making
a Disgraceful Impression
HUGHES IN GOOD FORM
NELSON APPEAES FAST
H(MEC03IINCt A SAB ONE
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Bettin;?. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — J W.O'Neill, 91 (Stvl).. 2 1112
2i» to 1— Blissful. 100 (J.Hnsy).. 9 2 h 2 1
10 to 1— Trapsetter, 04 (H.Adn). 8 6 h 3 1
Time, 1:1994. > Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Trotter's cli. g. (3) by Peter McCue-
Tern. Martins DC Goody Two Shoes 103. Sid
Silver 105, Jo* Goss 102. Our Lillle 01, Dolly
Gray 103. Evening Star 107. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and three-eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Bet tins. Horde, Weight, Jockey. ' St. % Flo.
3 to 1 — Boaster. 105 (W.Fishr). 6 1 ii 1 3
0 to 1 — Miss Eon, 98 (Stoval). 1 2 1%2 4
8 to 5— Goo Goo. OS (J.Hnnsy). 4 8 4 3 8
Time, 2:33. Start good. Won, easily. Win
ner, Mrs. M. Goldblatt's br. h. (5) by Florist-
La Gascogne. Mcmphian 103, Nettla Regent
100. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE*— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and .up:
Hettiug. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — J. Young, 102 (Neely).. 1 S 1 ns
13 to r> — T. Tosa, 105 (W.Wtsn). 3 2 h 2 h
4 to 5— F. Torpedo. 108 (Andn) .2 1 h 3
Time. 1:55%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, G. C. Baker's br. h (4) by Lamp
lighter- Johivetta.
THIRX> RACE — SU furlones; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin".
3 to 2 — Bens' nh'st, 100 (Fischer) 112 12
13 to G — Baggerly, 91 (W. Davis) 3 2 6 2 1
8 to 1 — A. Turner, 105 (Vltatoe) 5 4 10 3 10
Time, 1:20., .Start good. Won <asily. Win
ner. J. W. Briggs',ch. g. (4) by Ben Strome-
Irvan. Annon 107, Royal Deceiver 108, Irby
Bennett 110, Lord Quex 110, Louis Wagner
105, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs ; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
5 to 1— Ella Lee, 102 (Llndsey) 2 14 15
3 to 5— Layson. 105 (D. Austin) 12 2 2 5
40 to 1 — Besterling. 100 (Raynor) 5 8 % 3 h
Time, 1:03%. Start good. Wdn driving.
Winner, O. V. Hume & Sons' ch. f. (2) by
Hlndoo-Bastante.' OIlie Burnett 102, -Shadow
Prince 105. Verandah 102. Col. Preston 105.
Caubeen 105, Dave Stahl 102, His Worship
102, EratCDlatz 105. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 12.— Jack Young out
gamed Taby Tosa in the run home hero
in this afternoon's feature event. Neely
on Young bore Taby into the mud and
only won by a nose. The weather was
fine and the track heavy. Attendance
5000. Two favorites won. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olda
and ui>:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
25 to 1— Tally H., 103 (Seder) 7 6 1 1 n
20 to 1— Bountiful, 68 (Vandbt). .10 3 12%
2T> to 1— Jlm-a-long, 102 (Ivers). 8 4 1 3 h
Time, 1:21. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. H. Fizer & Co.'s ch. c. (6) by
Rancas-Myrt. Lusty 95, Lovable 07, Worth
lngton 108, Suave 106. Lady Idris 101, Preak
ness 95, Happy Chappy 106, finished as named.
OWNER HAS HIM KILLED
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and upward; selling: . *
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?4- Fin.i
10 to 1— D. L. Moore,103 (Semstr) 0 112 11
0 to 2— Freesias. 84 (Aubuchon). 1 4 % 2 1%
15 to 1 — Don't Ask Me.108 (Knap) 3 2 2 3 1
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. E. C. Reynolds' b. g. (4) by Odd
Fellow-Miss Jackson. Louisville 101. Harfang
03, Alma Dufour 103. Celebration 109. Bum
mer II 107, Hudson l>0. Cardinal Wolsey 103.
Joe Massey 101, Valeat 102. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
old fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to 5— Handzarra. 107 (Hoffier).. 2 15 11%
7 to 1 — Jade. 101 (Lawrence) 1 4 4 2 2%
9 to 2— Regale, 100 (Oltphant) 8 9 3 nk
Time. 1 :03 1-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, F. B. Van Meter's ch. f. by Handsel-
Klzarra. Moorish Damsel 104. Effle M 100.
Siss Lee 100, Pirila 100, Lou Reed 100. Gertie
Allen 100. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and upward: t>urse: •¦•.¦ ¦-¦
Betting. Horse.. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
14 to 10— Tokalon. 00 (Knapp) 1 1% 1 2
11 to 10— Flyirrg Ship.101 (Olphnt) 2 2 1%2 7
11 to 1— Talpa, 103 (Helgesen).. 4 3 4 34
Time, 1:14 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Fuller's b. t. (3) by Tammany-
Enid. Orfeo 00, A. D. Gibson 101, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Bragg, 103% (Helgeson). 3 4 2 1 h
« to 1— Action.. 102 (Lawrence).. C 1 h 24
9 to 5— Bondage. 106 (Mclntyre). 5 6 3 4
Time, 1:50 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. Curl's b. h. (5) by Siddartha-
Cantatrice. Ahola 92. Beau Ormonde 110,
Warte Nicht 100, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
ana up; purse:'
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Outcome, 102 (Olfphant). 5 8 1 11
f> to 1— Atlantico, 08 (Knapp) 4 12 2 5
8 to 1— King Ellsworth.107 (Otis) 3 4334
Time. 1:44. Start bad. Won easily. Winner.
Clay Bros.' b. f. (3) by Sir Dixon-Ollie Glenn.
Prince Silverwings.107. The Lady 104. Rabunta
100, finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Bragg and Hel
gesen formed a killing combination in
the fourth race at Harlem * to-day.
Backed from 9 to 2 to 5 to 2, Curl's
"rogue," under severe punishment, got
up Just in time to win by a head in the
final stride from Action. The struggle
between these two lasted the full
length of the stretch and Action had
the advantage to within three jumps
of the wire, where Helgesen's superior
finish asserted itself.
Bondage, always favorite at 9 to 5
backed from 2 to 1, was slow to begin.
He could not make up the lost ground
and finished tired, four lengths back.
Ahola, an outsider at 17 to 1, and
Warte Nicht set an early pace to the
far turn, where Action took command
and led by a length and a half into the
stretch. Bragg had moved up from
fourth to second place at this point,
and then the real struggle began.
It was one of the hardest and gamest
finishes of the meeting and showed
conclusively what a good boy can do'
when the pinch comes. Beau Ormonde
drifted up in the betting from 4 to 8
to 1 on account of the slow condition
of the track, as he doesn't like' anything
but a fast track. The weather was
pleasant, and track in fair condition.
Two favorites, two second choices and
two outsiders captured the money.
Jockey Helgesen was fined $50 for fail
ing to ride out Moorish Damsel in the
fifth race.
Patrol Judge Hughey Keough was
thrown from his buggy at the head of
the stretch during the running of the
second race. He fell beneath his
horse's feet and received a fractured
jaw. Summary: '
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
oiaa; pUFsc;
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
« to 1— Lord Dixon, 108 (Larsen) 4 4 112
, i los (Knapp) 8 5 h 2 %
™° 1—B - 103 (Rbnb)lO 10 4 3 4
i> T1 . me ' 1:04 ' Start ralr - Won easily. Winner.
T. L. Cassin & Co.'s blk. c. by Sir Dlxon-
Repeat. Eckersall 112, Tennyburn 109. Rath
«h n° y f!« lu3 * Walsh " 2 - Gleeman 108. Tom
fahelly 100, Bonebrake 111. Judge Traynor 112,
Roycroft 118, Rathskeller 103, finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlong;
purse; maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
It to 0 — Humo, llo (Lyne) 1 3 1 1 n
20 to 1— Racine, 110 (Kunz> 3 5 h 2 i!
15 to 1— B. Bailey II, 110 (Sims) 9 7 h 3 1%
Time, 1:09. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, C. T. Patterson's br. c. by Eddie Jones-
Hunjidity. Au Cassin, Glen Echo. Perry Mc-
Aflow. Long Dan, Otsego, Gowanus, Awaken
ing, Slnapee, Lilac, Knight of Weston, Flin
ders, Only One, In the Dark, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. : St. ?i Fin.
9 to 5 — The Cricket, 112 (Crmk) II 1 i X >i
13 to &— G. Money, 120 (Hildbd) 1 8 1 2 1%
8 to 1— Illyrla. 100 (O'Connor) 3 4 3 1
Time, 1:54 4-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. Chelsea Stables' blk. c. by Pessara-
Dora D. AVild Thyme also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
the Seagate stakes: for three-year-olds:
Bnung. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
5 to 1 — K. Errant, 110 (Martn) 3 1 U 1 2>i
16 to 5-^-S. Valentine. 1J0 (Rdfn) 13 2
11 to 20— Highball, 126 (Odom). 2 2 n •
Time, 1 :52 \i-a. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. J. Dwyer's br. c. by Trenton-St.
Mildred. 'Broke down.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horso. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Flammula. Oti (Cole) 5 12 11!%
16 to 5 — Old England. 108 (Crmns) 8 2 1%2 1
5 to 1 — Palm Reader. W (Hildbd) 4 4 }i 3 1
Tme, 1:47. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, W. H. Kraft's b. I. by Flambeau-
Gretchen. Cincinnatus. Baikal, Cloverland,
Stilicho, Gold Dome. Stolen Moments, Hyd
rangea, Namtor, Forward, Ethics. St. Breeze,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds; purse:
B-tting. Horse, "Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
0 to 1— M. Krigland,115 (Wndrly) 2 li 13
S to 5 — Honiton. 110 (Martin)... 1 2 J 2 3 •
Hi to 0 — Gd. Opera, 115 (Hildbnd) 4 4 Vi 8 3',s
Time. 1:12 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, J. K. Seagram's ch. h. by St. George-
Wc Know It. New York, Young Henry, South
Trimble, Homestead, Sovereign, Neither One,
Lux Casta, Sunderlande, Caroll, Kscurial,
finished as named.
Gold Money, Hildebrand up, came
with a strong rush at the finish and
was closing on winner. "The black and
orange" of Joseph E. SeagTam was in
front at the head of the stretch in the
second race, when his undeniably good
horse, Merry England, led all the way
at a fast pace and defeated the favorite,
Honiton, 1:12 4-5. for six furlongs. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongrs;
t wo- j ear-olds; sellinff:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Stol — J. McKeon. 105 (Redfern) 1 2 a 1 2¥t
Id to 6— Highborn, 94 (Hennessey) 8 8 2 2^
QOtol — lienlala. yy (T ravers). ... 4 6 2 3 1^
Time. 1:07 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
\\ inner, T. E. Munday's b. c. by S. W. John
son-Thansle McKenna. Little Buttercup.
Tommy Waddell. Prince Joseph Blue Coat.
Pink Garter. Brush Up. Tarpon, Jerry C, Fra
Fillipo. Bob Masson. Winchester, finished as
named.
NEW YORK, July 12.— From start
to finish the handicap at^ nine fur
longs won by The Cricket caused
much criticism. There was no pace
whatsoever. The Cricket beat • the
barrier with "WildAThyme oft very
badly. She caught the others on back
stretch and with "Jack" Martin sitting
straight up in her saddle everybody
shouted, "Wait until they reach the
stretch. Wild Thyme will walk in."
But she didn't walk in, at least not
in front. The Cricket was never headed.
Little Featherweight Runs
on the Road, Plays Ball
and Then Goes for Swim
After a Lapse of a Month
Becreation Park Will Be
•Thrown Open Once More
Flag Drops for Last Time* on
Highball and All Turf
dom Mourns for the Colt
Van Haltren and Kid Mohler
Argue Over j?\y and Thus
Game Goes to the Browns
Harlem Crowd Sees Great
Race Between Bragg and
Action.
Jack. Young -Outgames Taby
Tosa in St. Louis Feature
Event.
Merry England Shows Heels
to Well-Played Favor
ite, Honiton.
WILD THYME LOOKS SPEEDY,
BUT THE CRICKET SCORES
FAMOUS HOUSE
RUNS NO MORE
BAD JUDGMENT
BEATS SEATTLE
BALL CRANKS
HAPPY AGAIN
HANLON KEEPS
UP GOOD WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
HIGHBALL BREAKS HIS LEG AND ENDS CAREER AS TURF STAR
.When' a lightweight ;is lifted up he
is sure to be blown away,j|j^|jygg&53SSi
10
ADVES.TISE2CE2TTS.
©COO0OOGOOOSOO000COOO©0O0C0O©O09OOOO00C©0000
I Men, I Want to Talk to S
I You About This Belt, j
% /sKp^^\ I want to talk to men who hare pains and !
O BT -. 1 aches, who feel run down physically, who re- ,
• ¦ \oa *^ v alize that the old "fire" and energy which was <
9 JBt. so evident in youth is absent now; men who (
O can 't stand th; amount of exertion they could <
A^w >^» years ago. I want you — *
® Y^,^q^^^ /£>Q that means you — to see *
5 N?Crlill^|k. / w hat I have done for ]
O /Ik X^&k Vw/Viai§k \As^/ others who were just as
• / HI «1^O1»^»I1P troduction. If a friend in
©I Jft W®i^\W$^W2r whom you had confidence
®l presented some one to <
• I f ;S^r^fv EaSiSiaBr you and said « "J**'*. *
A V ? I L*j2tHVl/^ here's Brown; he has made \
S \ y^ good with me. and I trust him," *
q \ -*-^*^ wouldn't you trust him. too? ]
© Ws&xA&bIr »«yU*^d--w. Now, if you don't feel risht, 1
® / r __. — »_— I can cure you with my Electric i
S / -^t*ffi}SB'OSt^ — ¦ — e ' t : **. y° u are * a^ °* rheu- <
® / *^5jPt©^S^ir^5*~^I^5 matic pains, I can knock them j
% I i >=H!!rHU$r01f > ~' ? ut> * can P° ur °^ * nto your !
O \i ' wv^ra^l/ J® Joints and limber them np. I J
© /if ¦* f^iSsttlsS N have often said that pain and <
• \m. 1 i| 1/IllftfiBHa electricity can't live in ths same <
® I'M 11 v jjflllxirfra house, and I prove it every day. 1
© I'M III / I f^fiflBSa Mr - L - J - Barnett of Tillarnook, Or.. 1
9 /I'M I ,1 KagHBasaaa Trrltes: "Your treatment certainly does 1
A I [iia I OTIImImVHHA what no other can. for it has cured me 1
m IsQ j / S|Ik£61BB9&& * cannot praise the Belt too highly. ari ,j
S \jx& fyii|j§r|a5«Sfi'* gladly recommend It In any case of vital '
*a ** ** war* not for tis Drejndlc* dn* to
X mfJTmYS$ **• CTeat number of fakes in the land '
a ' fit if 1 1 f I f JSfHBy z would not be able to handle the bust- '
® illlln//£¥7$r3 ne>B taa* would com* to me. The "Tree <
Q l!IH'""^«"«. Belt" fraud and the "Pre« Drmr" «cheme. i
© which are not free at all. hare mad* every on* skeptical, but Z know that 1
O Z have a jrood thing*, and 111 aaxmmer away until you know it, <
© One thing every man ought to know is this. Your body is a <
• machine. It runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you '
S begin to break down in any way you are oat of steam. That's just '
q what I want to give you back. ; . j
• Z have a cur* In every town. Tell m* where you lir* a&4 X win *tr* <
• you th* name of a man Vrm cured. . ™" "" \
• Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can '
J cure' you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your *money. I '
J have been in" this business.22 years, and I am the biggest man in it |
q to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man !
O all he pays for. (
O Now, wouldn't vou rather wear my life-giving appliance while •
O you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into vou '
• and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application. '
2 than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs * Surely- '
S Try me. ' ' • ¦ - j • ,
2 Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz. CaL. writes: "I am cured nt all my '
• v former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratltutTe for what vour '
treatment has done for me." • ,, 1
~ If you : will 'come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't '
g call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir-
©" ing to strength and courage. Free if you send this ad
2 DR. M. c: : McLAUqHLlN/? oo B JSf»g« r g^»2j | »^ <
O ' . Office Houra— 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 1
O0QQ0«C09«0»©00©00©C»00000®00000©«©000000000DISTRIBUTION* ORDERED.— Judge Troutt
yesterday - ordered '. the ; distribution of .the '¦ es
tate 4 of • Harab M. , Cowell .; to her sisters. Iaa
bella M." Cowell and Helen K. Cowell. Besides
a ' small • amount • of cash the estate consists of
shares in the First National Bank and the
Pacific :: Gas Improvement^ Company and of
realr estate at; Pine and Leaven worth- streets,
2207 and s 2209 Larkln street and •> 413 Hyde
street. .
United States Coaat and Geodfttic Survey— >
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Frandsoo
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
-NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. .. ' *
WEDNESDAY." JULY 13.
gun rises 4?56
Sun sets 7:33
Moon seta .......7:40 p. m.
H Time! ITlme Time (Time
• ¦ j Ft. Ft Ft. I ! IV
». L W[ H W L W |H Vf
1-j 5:23—1.4 12:33 4.8! 5:13 2.7 11:19 6^0
14 «:C0— 1.2 1:13 4.9! «:0S 2.6
. H W L\ W : • H-W L Vf
15 0:10 S.7 «r-.54— O.7 1:56 5.3 8:02 2.2
16 1:00 , 5.S 7:40—0.312:37 5.3 8:02 2.2
17 2:08 4.0 S:2fi 0.3 3:K 5.4 9:12 2.0
18 3:14 4.4 9:14 0.9 4:08 5.3 10:20 1.8
X 9 4:27 4.1 10:10 _ 1.6 4j66 5.5^1:29 1.4
"*NOTE— In the above exposition of~tnV7ide«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day. except when tb«ra are but three tides, as
somet Imea occurs. The ¦ heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
si sn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the drpth given by
the charts. , The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low. waters.
Opium Resor* Is Raided.
An onium resort at 7 St. Mary street
was raided by; Policemen Orunwald.J.
C. Edwards and J. B.' Collins yesterday
and four, men were arrested and booked
at the City Prison for visiting it. -They
are Harry Russell, Frank Kennedy,
George Brown ; arid John - LandB. 'All
have f been arrested on numerous occa
sions before on the same charge.
Crude Oil for Hawaii.
The steame? Argyll was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with ; 24.800 barrels of crude oil
In bulk, valued at $34,300. . : ;,V V
Bun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 12, 1904,
The Time -Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day— 1
i. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
/ Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
A United States Civil Service exam
ination will be held at San Francisco
Sf-pt^mber 10 for the position of
watchman, departmental service. Age
limit, 20 years or over. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, or to the sec
retary of the Board of Examiners, 301
Jackson street, San Francisco, for ap
plication blajik S04, which should be
filed vvith the commission at Wash
ington not later than the hour of clos
ing business August 30, 1904.
Watcluiiqn Wanted.
The Beard of Harbor ComtnisiUor*eTs met yes
terday, but no quorum bflng present the
tn«rting Immediately cdiounw^S. In the bids
for th* repair of the dolphins in the rear of
the lerry building the Pacjfic Conxtructio.n
Company's effer was for $23,000. the lowest
bid.
The Government steamer General Miffiin, in
making hrr landing at Alcatraz Island yes
t«Tt!ay. wan thrown by the tide against the
launch Alcatraz. almost cutting the , smaller
v«*el in two. The rail and upper works were
i.i>r.y sp'.intered. but fortunately no person
T.as iriur*-d. The damaged beat was hastily
tow*d to the weyi! at Black Potnt.
The schooner Helen* t^-turng to Honolulu
with general carjo.
The Pacific Coaft >-teamihip I'mata'.a. from
tha port, arrived at Seattle yesterday and the
Oreanic steamship Sonum*. at s-ydney on
July 12. '
Water Front Notes.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
•tV^' : r> "»• Tuesday. July 12.'
U S stmr Buffalo, Everett, 4 days from
Magdalena Bay,
Stmr ¦ Maggie, Corning, 3 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 55 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr V A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr l'orao. Jacobs. 12 hours from Albion.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 23 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. 19 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell. 6 days 1 hour from
Honolulu.
• Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, 57 -hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnln, 18 hours -from West
port. ' •
Fr bark " Bayard, ¦ Lechvien. 28 days' from
Hakodate. . . . .. -
- Brig Geneva," Treanor. 0 days from Port
Blakeley. ...
Schr ¦ Defender, Nelson, 20!$ days from
Puako.
Schr Luzon, Anderson, 12 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr John A^Olsen, 4 days from. Eureka.
Schr Confianza. Johnson. . 20 hours fm Nort
leys Landing.
: Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas. . . '
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, 42 hours from
Stuslaw River,
CLEARED.
Tuesday." July 12.
Stmr Korea, Seabury, Honolulu. Manila. Yo
kohama and Hongkong; P. M S S Co.
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy. Honolulu: Union Oil Co.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; Faciflo Coast
S 8 Co.
SAILED.
f Tuesday. July 12.
tmr \Gipsy. Gray. Monterey, etc.
Stmr Phoenix. lOdland. Eureka. .
Stmr Celia, NOrdberg, Albion.
Stny Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr James S Hlggins. Higgins, Fort Bragg.
8tmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr FA Kilburn Thompson. - Port Rogers.
-Stmr Newsboy. Adlcr, Crescent City.
Stmr Korea, ; Seabury, Hongkone and Yoko
hama via Honolulu. :
• Bktn Quickstep. Johnson, Port Hadlock.
Schr Sequoia. Hutman,- Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
CORRECTION.
POINT LOBOS — July 12 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind WJ velocity 12 miles an hour.
. GRAYS HARBOR. July 12— Bktn Robert
Sudden reported as having arrived July 8, was
an error; veasel has not as yet arrived.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Alameda — July 11. 3:22 p m. lat
86 11 N, long 127 5» w, . schr Camane, hence
July 6 for Port Gamble.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 12 — Stmr Queen,
hence July 0.
Sailed July 12— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way stmr Umatllla, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed July 12. T a m—
Btmr Whitesbaro. from Greenwood for Port
Harford. --, :• " .
' SIU8LAW RIVER — Arrived July 10. 9 a m—
Schr Sacramento, hence July «; achr Oakland,
hence ¦ July : 6, In tow of tug Sea Rover.'
VENTURA— Arrived July 12— Stmr Chehalls,
froni San Pedro. ' ¦ •
PORT. HADLOCK— Arrived July 12— Ch>t
schr Corona. -from Pay ta. .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 13— Stmr Sa
uuola, hence' July 8.'
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 11— Schr
iienry Wilson, for ban Francisco; »chr Jennie
3Iatters of Interest to JIarlners and
Shipping Merchants.
The steamer Korea sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu, Yokohama and Ma
nila with general merchandise cargo valued at
$.'.14.(551, exclusive of treasure to be distrib
uted as follows: For Japan. $284.231;. Philip
pine Islands, $M.55«; China. $18«.«rt4 : East
Indies, $3472; Korea. $3701. The leading ex
ports were as follows; --V_
To Japan — 901 rolls 18 cs leather. 354 pkgs
machinery. 2»6 pkgs bicycles and parts. L'4S2
I>ca angle iron. 1314 bdls steel. 571 bales cot
ton. 3&O.382 lbs tanbark, 1100 cs alcohol. 160,
500 lbs soda ash, 10 pkgs tanning material, 38
drums calcium, 52 coils rope, 87 pes car ma
terial, 15.718 lbs eheot, lead, 541.3S8 lbs pig
lead .12 pkgs dry goods; 70 pkgs paints, 10*
pkg B rubber goods, 30 bdls wire. 13 pkgs agri
cultural Implements, 210 bdls splice bars, 17,100
lbs tinfoil. 11 cs graphite. 104 bdls 13fl pes pipe.
28 pkgs drugs and RUa/lrles, 4C8 bxa soap, 81
pkgs electrical supplied 350 pkgs roofing ma
terial, 10 820 lbs sugar, 4514 lbs ham and
bacon 1101 cs canned goods, 360 lb» lard.
2025 lbs coffee, 325 lbs raisins, 1395 lbs dri«d
fruit 20 pkgs fresh fruits. 15 bbls flour. 1323
gals ' 7 cb wine. 8 cs whisky. 86-1 lbs 2 cs
chocolate. 321 lbs cheese. 31 bales hay, 3627
lbs butter, 2» cs table, preparations, 13 ctls
barley, 8 ctls corn. 5 cs liquors, 802 lbs 2 cs
millstuffs. -/ - **
To Philippine Islands— 2C2 cs canned goods.
2 1 cs table preparations, 3 6000 lbs meals, 25
cs baking powder, 10 cs honey. 4070 lb* coffee,
219 gals whisky, 240 bbls beer,' 27.315, ft lum
ber. 3C pkgs machinery, 127 pkgs drugs and
sundries, 10 pkgs electrical supplies, 13 pkgs
dry goods 31 a typewriters and parts, 28 cs
boots and shoes, 5 bdls leather, 5 pkgs agri
cultural Implements, 9 Pkga rubber goods. 69
pkgs plumbing material. 100 bxs soap, 26 bxs
glass, 511 pkgs paper, 44 pkgs spikes. 8 pkgs
lilcvclcs
To Cl'ilna— 28.023 bbla flour. 8*555 lbs beans.
V)4,153 lbs dried flfh, 7200 lbs salt fish. 250
gals wine. 1970 lbs ham and bacon, - «25 ' lbs
dried fruit 1209 lbs chees«, 1500 lbs codfish,
Si pkga bread. 64 cs canned salmon, 212 cs
assorted canned goods. 2683 lbs peas, 10 • cs
crape Juice 5 pkg« baking powder, 61 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 86 pkgs fresh fruits,
15 pkgs table preparations. 600 lbs 10 cs mill'
stuffs 0400 lbs pearl barley, 300 lbs hops.
1070 lbs ginseng. 5348 lbs 110 cs .tobacco, 1021
pkgs drugs and sundries, 1000 flasks quick
silver 0 bdla pipe. 20 pkgs machinery. 302
bxs soap -3 pkgs agricultural implements.:
To East In<lles-r<i30 cs assorted canned goods.
230 cs canned salmon, 360 gals wine. . 3 - cs
dried fruit, 3 colls rorie. ¦
To Korea— 60 bbls flour, 63 eg canned goods.
33 pkgs groceries and provisions, 600 lbs beans,
:$'• pkgs table preparation*, 533 lbs 'dried fruit,
11 pkgs machinery. 10 cs soap. 5 pkg» drugs.
63 pkgs hardware, 1) l;u>s duck, 50 boiler tubes.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Levee Break Unfilled.
The tug Resolute, which has been at Bouldln
Island on the Sacramento Ulver for several
months, returned yesterday. She has been
engaged towing barges of rock from Point San
Pablo 'to the island, where the work of filling
in the levee-br^ak has been going on. Over
ilSu.OuO has been spent and there is still a
breach over 200 feet wide and .thirty- six feet
of water to fill up. Tho San Pablo quarry U
exhausted and the work is checked for veveral
months. ,
ders tended to scare Cervera out of
Santiago, but the noise they made kept
the men of the other Vessels awake
during their watches below and broke
all the wineglasses in the officers'
wardrooms fifteen miles away.
After peace was declared 1 the Navy
Department turned the guns of two
wars Into the scrap heap and the Cid-
Nictheroy-Buffalo into a peaceful
training ship where the young recruit
learns to i_f>h his hammock and scrub
paint-work. But she is fast. She started
up from Brazil to Cuba with the Oregon,
her gun charged to use on the Span
iarda ( that menaced the peerless Cali
fornia battleship, and easily kept pace
with the big white battleship until
her machinery broke down. As she
is never loaded down to a freight-boat
depth she sits high out of the water
and in a sea rolls deeply. She is of
quick movement' even in her wallow
ings and will make a complete swing
from starboard to port and return in
eight seconds.
The Buffalo is of 6680 tons burden,
and 408 feet long and forty-five feet
beam. Her draft is about twenty-two
feet of water aft and seventeen feet
forward.^ Her long,- roomy decks ,are
promenades for her officers and crew,
especially the spardeck with its beauti
ful white narrow planking.- There are
ample accommodations aboard this fine
vessel for 500 men and 600 may crowd
into her. Like those of the merchant
vessels, the officers' quarters are on the
spardeck. .Where the dynamite gain
stood, there are now two five-inch rifles
—beauties they are, too, and their ef
fect in action would be more than 1
moral. She also has four four-inch
rifles On the gundeck and a secondary
battery of six and one pounders.
COALING UP THE DUCKLINGS.
Going out to Manila she had an en
joyable time convoying the five de
stroyers. She swept along at about ten
knots* with her brood trailing in her
wake. A destroyer is aT coal-eater and
every little while one of these ducklings
would signal for fnore fuel. If it was
rough weather the mother-ship would
stop and the whole fleet-would roll over
the seas till the water became smooth
er Then the destroyers with empty
bunkers- would come alongside and
coal. The Buffalo carried fuel for. all
her small convoy fleet. Each destroyer
consumed about fifty tons a day and
as their bunker spaces are only corners
not filled with machinery the distress
signals for coal flew often from their
flag staffs.
The Buffalo, may, remain on this coast
several months, but she must finally
return to the Atlantic, where newjboil
ers are being built for her. Captain
Everett. was in command of the little
lighthouse tender Mangrove when she
caught the big Spanish liner and auxil
iary cruiser Panama Just outside of
Havana on April 28, '.-1S98. The Span
iard carried a crew of seventy-two
men, "twenty-nine passengers,; a cargo
of corn and other .provisions for "the
beleaguered city. Captain Everett took
him prize by, a rare combination of
skill, intrepidity and pure bluff.
In Trouble for Forgery.
Geronimo Rodriguez and Alfredo
Perez are in trouble with the United
States authorities over the forged dis
charge of a sailor. Rodriguez is un
der arrest and the United States Mar
shal is searching for Perez. It ap
pears that Perez was regularly dis
charged Irom the steamship Sierra
and received a certificate to that ef
fect. His friend Rodriguez, being
sick and not having a certificate which
•would entitle -him to treatment in the
United States Marine Hospital, In
duced Perez to give him his certificate
and forged Perez's name to it. The
forged name was written by Rodriguez
in the presence « f an oflicer of the
hospital.
Almost Wrecked at Sea.
A dispatch from London, dated July 12.
says that the Norwegian bark Rokeby. from
Whatcom to that port, via Saa Franctaco. haa
arrived at Delagoa Bay in a wrecked con
dition. She lost her boats, the bulwarks wera
damaged by boarding seas and she lost a
large portion of her cargo.
Fleet of Overdue*.
The overdue fleet Is as follows: Julius Palm,
from Bangkok to Ilha Grande. 131 days at,
reinsurance 12 per cent; Wynford. from New
York to Shanghai. 94 days out. 13 per cent;
Queen Elizabeth, from New York to Hong
kong. 84 days out. 7 per cent; La Rochefou
cauld, from New York to Shanghai. »? days
out. 7.p«r cent; Parknook. from Chittagong to
Trinidad. 147 days out. 45 p«r cent: Ems.
from Calcutta to FIJI, 104 days out, 15 per
cent. :•; ¦;. '.-¦•.¦
The United States naval transport'
Buffalo, famous for her record of serv
ice, in other navies, arrived late Mon
day night from Magdalena Bay. She
left New York for the Philippines,
steaming through the Suez canal and
calling at Bombay and Singapore. She
returned to Singapore, where she was
ordered to Guam, Honolulu, Panama.
Magrdalena and San Francisco.
The Buffalo is a naval training ship
for landsmen and carries an unusual
number of warrant officers. Her com
mander is Captain W. H. Everett, U.
S. X., and her officers are as follows:
Lieutenant Commander T. D. Griffin,
executive officer; Lieutenant Command
er V. S. Nelson, navigator; lieutenants,
J. P. McGinnis, A. H. Robertson, Louis
Shane. W. R. Sayles; ensign, O. W.
Fowler; surgeons, L. W. Curtis and
D. B. Kerr; chaplain, J. F. Flemming,
and Assistant Paymaster G. T. South
gate. Added to her complement are
three engineers and eleven warrant of
ficers.
The Buffalo carried a number of men
for the naval station at Manila, but
her principal mission to the Orient was
to accompany five torpedo-boat de
stroyers to the Asiatic fleet. She started
homeward from Manila, but was turned
back at Singapore. After a call at
Honolulu and. Panama her orders read
to proceed to Magdalena Bay and bring
the body of the late Captain W. W.
Reisneger. who died in that port two
years ago while in command of the
cruiser Philadelphia. The remains are
now on board the Buffalo and will be
sent to Arlington, near Washington,
D. C. for burial.
The transport has a history all her
own. She was purchased by Brazil
while she was the Eteamship El Cid of
the Morgan line. Then she was turned
loose at the rebels of the revolution of
1£98 as the dynamite cruder Nictheroy.
The Brazilian never. fired her one gun —
probably they were afraid it would
shake Rio Janeiro down— but its moral
effect smashed the insurrection. When
the rebels saw the muzzle of that aw
ful gun pointed at them they dropped
their arms and "took to the tall tim
ber."
Then the moral cruiser Nictheroy
lay gathering seaweed and barnacles
in the harbor till the Maine settled un
der Havana bay. Then the United
States Navy | Department rubbed the
rust off the gun, polished up the ship's
bright- work, called her the Quffalu
and sent her down to try her famous
moral effect on' the Spaniards, who
were using smokeless powder on Ameri
can soldiers In Cuba. She was joined
by the Vesuvius and the two vessels
shook up the old pirate wrecks lying
in the 8panish main.
MORAL EFFECT OF THE GUXS.
It is not known how much their thun-
V. P. CnriSER BUFFALO. WHICH
ARP.1VED IN PORT EARLY YES
TERDAY MORNING.
TO ARRIVE./
Steamer. 1 From. 1 Due.
Luxor Seattle July 13
Aurelia j San Pedro July 13
Pomona I Humboldt July 13
Columbia ! Portland & Astoria July 13
North Fork.. *, Humboldt July 13 j
Chlco i Portland & Astoria July If
Chehalis i Ban Pedro July 14 i
Peru New York via Panama. July 14
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 14 i
Santa Rosa. . . Han Diego & Way Pts. July 14 j
B. Monica Ban Pedro July 14
Redondo San Pedro July 15 J
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma July IS
Ramses Hamburg & May Ports. July 15
Bonlta......* Kewport &. Way Ports. July 15
Mongolia China & Japan July 15 ,
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports July 15
Eureka ' Humboldt July 15
Iaqua San Pedro July 15
Enterprise Hilo July 1G
Mackinaw Tacoma July IB
Corona Humboldt July 18
Sequoia 'Willapa Harbor July 17
O. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 17
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor July 17
Arjro Eel River Ports July 18
Newburg Grays Harbor ~. July 18
Costa Rica... Portland * Astoga July IS
Sor.oma Sydhey i- Way Ports.. July 18
A. Maru China * Japan (July IS j
BtateofCal.. San Diego & Way Pts. [July 13 ,
Porno Point Arena * Albion. IJuly 10 ,
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt. Orford.IJuly 19
Coos Bay San Pedro A Way Pts. July 1!>
Queen • Puget Sound Ports.... I July 20
San Juan New York via Panama. July 21
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 2t
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July 21
T~ TO~S All* .
, Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
" July 13. I f I
Elizabeth... Cooullle River .... 5 pmtPier 20 i
Aurelia • Astoria & Portland 4 pmjPier 27 :
SanPedro.. Humboldt 4 pmjPler 2i
Arctic Humboldt... 9 amIPier 21
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... 5 ptnlPler S
Samoa Los Angeles Ports.l 5 pmlPler 2
July 14. | | !
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael] 2 pmlPler -JO
Argro Eel River Port*... ( 4 pm! Pier 2
Porno Pt Amia * Albionl 0 pm'Pler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd!12 m'Pier 13
Rtate Of Cal San Diego & Way.) 0 arnjPle? 11
City Pu>bla Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPlsr 5,
Coos Bay... Pan Pedro & Way.j 9 amlPler 11
S Monica.. Grays Harbor 1 4 pm>PIer 2
July 15. I I
Redondo Astoria & Portland! 5 pmiPier 2
Tomona Humboldt ll:30p|Pier 9
Luxor Hamburg & Way. 112 mjPier 10
Jnly 18. I |
Iaqua Humboldt 1 2 pmlPier 2!
Pt^. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPIW 2|
Chi%ialis... Orays Harbor 3 pm[Pler '2 \
Gaelic ' China * Japan.... 1 pmlPier 2t
North Fork. ! Humboldt 5 pmlPier 20 j
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 amIPter 1\
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama.112 m'Pler 40 ;
Columbia... 'Astoria & Portland! 11 anal Pier 24
> July 17. I.I
Eureka Humboldt 9am!P!er"13
p Rosa San" Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Corona<fo... Grays 'Harbor 4 pmjPier 10 i
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10 ¦
Jnly 18. f
Corona Humboldt Jl:3Op!PI#r 9
jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
Bonita Newport * Way..! 0 am|Pier 11
July 19. I
L'matiUa... Puget Sound PorU.lll amlPler 9
Jnly 31. I I \
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am'Pier 24 I
G. llndauer Grays Harbor ....I [Pier — j
Newpurg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmjPier 20
Eequola.... Willapa Harboe . .1 B pmlPler 20 ,
July 23. I I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.I S pmlPier 18
Peru N. Y. via Panama.] 12 mi Pier 40
"FROM SEATTLE. ~~~
Steamer. - Destination. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway ft Way Ports.l July 13
City Seattle.. Skagway A Way Ports. IJuly 15
Tamplco •" Nome & St. Michael. . July 15
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 16 j
Dirigo Skagway it Way Ports. July IS f
Santa Ana... Valdei & Way Ports.. July 19
Oregon Nome & £t. Michael... July IS
Tacoma...... Nome direct July 20 .
Derelict Again Sighted.
The schooner Defender, which arrived from
the north yesterday morning, report* that th*
black hull of a vessel was seen in latitud*
07 degrees S2 minute* north and longitude
124 degrees 10 minutes west. It appeared to
be ICO feet long and was about ten miles
off. The schooner tried to beat up to tha
wreck, but on account of high winds was
unable to do so. It Is thought to be tha
object sighted by the W. H. Dimond. July 1.
about sixty miles south of tho Farallones.
The captain of the schooner H. C. Wright
reports that he saw. about lOO miles north
west of this port, what he first supposed t»
be a derelict. H« sailed near and found it
to be a dead whale floating high out of th<*
water. This may be the object seea by tb/»
Dimond and Defender.
Movements of Steamers.
MAXUFACTURER SUES
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
Alleges That Another Concern In
fringed TnuTomark and Sub'stl-
tuted an Inferior Article. *
Ah alleged infringement of trade
mark and the substitution of an in
ferior product are charged in a suit
for $94,355 damages brought yesterday
by the Downie Boiler Incrustation Pre
vention Company against W. P. Fuller
& Co., W. P. Fuller and I. F. Little
field. The plaintiff says it has been
engaged for eighteen years in manu
facturing and selling "Eucalyptus boil
er fluid," which had a market "in this
and several foreign countries. It is al
leged that the Fuller Company agreed
to become sole agents for the sale of
the product and was to take the entire
existing stock of the manufacturer.
The Fuller Company, instead of sell
ing it, is charged with having put forth
a substitute in barrels like** those used
by the Downie concern, and with using
the words boiler fluid" on
the vessels The company claims dam
ages in the sum of {24,355 for the
stock delivered, $26,000 for profits
which would have accrued in the sale
thereof, $20,000 for injury to the""trade
with its customers and $25,000 gen
eral damages.
ACX.TSKD OF STEALING
CHECK FROM EMPLOYER
John Tuttie Secures a Warrant for
the Arrest of George Terrell,
Ills Bookk«*eper.
John Tuttie, coal and wood merchant,
516 Haight street, obtained a warrant
from Police Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of George W. Terrell on a
charge of grand larceny. Terrell has
rot been teen since Saturday and it is
supposed he has left the city. He was
bookkeeper for Tuttie. He called on
Saturday at the Donohoe-Kelly Bank
and presented a check for $110 made
payable to Tuttie "or bearer," which
he flaked to be cashed. He explained
that Tuttie was Eick and the money
vas needed in the business. He had a
companion v.ith him who bore out his
statement as to Tuttle's sickness. The
bank cashed the check.
Tuttie alleges that Terrell -stole the
ch^ck from the sate on Saturday morn
ing and that it is not the first one he
has *nanipu!ated in the same way. He
also says that Terrell has been guilty
of other questionable transactions. Tut
tle was not sick on Saturday but was
attending to his business.
Korea Sails for the Orient.
Yesterday the b!c Pacific Mall sUatnshlp
Korea sailed for the Orient with 0000 tons of
freight and ovtr 4W> people on board, of which
2C0 were Chines* and sixty Japanese. The
iollowing 13 a list of her passengers:
For Honolulu— Miss M. V. Abbott, S. A.
Baldwin, Miss A. Biddle, Mrs. F. G. Bicker
ton, Spencer lilckerton, U. H. C. Bradford, W.
Beakbane, Dr. C. B. cooper. A. L. Cactle, O.
P. .Cooke. R. A. Cooke, Mrs. A. Douse ana in
lant, Mrs J. B. Goodrich and iniunt, K Get
ling, Mrs. F. Gtrlinit. Mis. Charles W. Hill
una daughter. Miws Ai. E Hussey, Mrs.' A. F.
Judd. Miss 3. IS. Judd, Miss A. E. Judd. Miss
Alice »>o«t:s, AlMb to. a. i*j&*n. Miss ii. a.
Palmer. Ray E. Peterson, Mrs, J M. RigKs,
D. \V.* Roes, Mrs. B. 11. Smith, Miss K. M.
Stevens. N. L. Tllney. O. Trunert, Mrs. O.
Trunert, W. ti. Ward. .G. P. Wilder and Mrs.
G. P. Wilder.
For Yokohama — K. Endo, W. Epstein. Mrs.
W. Ersteln, t. Furukawa, Mrs. H. J. Horton,
Mrs. A. E. Hammond, K. Mateui. W. L. Mer
riman. Miss M. Merriman, Miss C. Merrlman,
£j. iViifnoio and U. lhurn.
For Kobe— llev. V. A. Bunker, Mrs. D. A.
Bunker. E. N. Meadows, Carroll Miller, Mrs.
Carroll Multr, J. M. Uufgenberg, Mrs. J. la.
Huegenberg, William Kowiand. .C. E. Warren.
For Nagasaki— Robert Woiters.
For Manila— Captain S. M. Ackley, U. S.
N\; Mrs. F. Allen, l J rent!ss V. Bassett, J. K.
lieverlelgh. Mrs. J. K. Beverleigh, Miss Ber
tha, E. Campbell, Mrs. E. M. Campb«ll and
Infant. O. F. Campbell, Kc-twrt Clauson. Mrs.
Kichardson Clover ana maid. Miss E. C.
Clover, Miss B. C. Clover. Mrs. B. S. Coul
ston. Miss Mary B. Crans. C. E. Doty, Mr3.
C. K. Doty, Kawln O. Fitch Jr., W, Cameron
Forbes, Max S. Fox, L>r. A. P. Qoff, Mrs. A.
P Goft and child. Buren Graham, Mrs C. M.
Graham, ML-g Anna C. Grant, C. P. Hathe
way, Allen A. Helms. Mrs. Allsn A. Helms, C.
M. Kuykendall, Lieutenant George W. Laws,
Mrs. O. W. Laws, Mlfw Ethel Mason, James
W. Myers, John E. Otterson, J. K. Powers, J.
F. Rhodes. Mrs. J, F. Rhodes, T. H. Rhode*.
Mm T. H. Uhodes and infant, Carl A.-Kich
tt;r, Dr. C. E. Sears, Gtorgs B. Btephenaon Jr.,
G. L. Swank. Captain D. H. Ward. MU«
Katrlna Wright, C. E. Wright, N. A. Westcott
and Mrs. N. A. Westcott.
For Hongkong — Mrs. ri. J. Adams, T. C.
Afong, Chun Tong, A. Bock, Mrs. A. Bock,
11. L. LJunielt. Mm. H. L. Daniels, Miss A.
Dnle. J. Halie, Mrs. J. B. Kuhns, W. W.
Kerr, Mrs. W. W. ¦ Kerr and two children,
Alfred W. Mayberry, Frank H. Mayberry, Dr.
L. A. Martin, Dr. I>. H. McGraw, N. E.
Perln. O. Rieman, E. Rostron, R«v. J. E.
Scott. Miss Lottie s\ott and Miss Margaret
Wilson.
W. Cameron Forbes is a recently appointed
member of the Philippine Commission. T. C.
Along la one of the famous Honolulu family
of the name. Mrs. Riggs is his sister and
tho wife of Captain Rlggs of the United States
Marine Corps. Mrs. Richardson Clover is the
wile of Captain Clover, C a. N\. now at
Manila. ;v> f
NEW YORK, July 12.— Among a num
ber of strange tales related by tha
crew of the steamship Shlmo8a, Just
arrived from Japan and China, and
which reported having: run over a large
whale a few mile* outside Sandy Hook,
is'one to the effect that while the big
freighter was speeding through the
Red Sea a Lascar sailor was picked tip.
The swarthy heathen declared he had
been swimming three days and nights,
having fallen overboard from an In
dian trader bound for Antwerp. Cap-^
tain Champlin is certain that the man
was at least thirty-six hours In the
water before the Shimosa picked him
up. i
"It was about 5 o'clock on June 13."
he said. "We were steaming through
the Red Sea and were three or four
days from Suez when the lookout sight
ed something in the water on the port
bow. The ship waa stopped and a few
minutes later the chap came swim
ming alongside. We got the sea ladder
over and he climbed on board without
help.
"We gave him a wash down with
fresh water and a peg of rum to liven
him up and then, after giving him
something to eat, sent him to bed. He
seemed all right when he woke up the
next morning, but we coold get little
out of him except the name of the ves
sel'from which he had fallen over
board and his statement that he had
been three days and nights swimming.
"On reaching Suez we found that the
Imaun, to which the Lascar belonged,
had touched there Just thirty-six hours
before we arrivod. From this I Judge
that the man had been that length of
time in the water. I sent him to the
British Consul."
Some but not all of the awards of
contracts for Indian supplies for the
year were made public yesterday by
Indian Commissioner Jones, who came
to San Francisco to open the # bids. The
bidders were practically all San Fran
cisco parties. In most instances bids
were made by individuals in behalf of
the firms with which they are con
nected. From day to day announce
ments of awards for contracts will be
made until the entire list of supplies
has been covered. Probably the last
of the contracts « 1 be given out dur
ing the present wet.;. Those who have
so far been successful and the prices
at which they are to furnish supplies
are as follows: \ *
Pearl barley. Albert Helton, $2 95; beans,
James A. Snook $2 76; coffee, William Jlaas.
$!) 50; cornraeal, G*U Brothers & Co., $2;
cracked wheul, Hugh M. • Johns, $2 54; hard
broad ' Ritchie L. Dunn. $2 'J'i; rice, George
P. Laulnger, $2 05: allspice, Gnorgfe P.
Lauirg*r. 14 1-3 cents and U»4 eenta, ac
cording to sizs Of tins; baking powder, H.
M. Jonns, 27 Vi cents; beeswax, Christian \V.
Smith. 2M cents; bluing, Fred B. Callam. 41
cents; candles, Samuel O. Meyer, 8»i cents;
cafsia, G*.orge P. Lauinger. 1U c;nu and ltf
cents; cocoa. Samuel VV. Ehrman .artd Gets
Brothers & Co. (the bids being equal thfe orders
will be equally divided th* two bid
ders), 37 \i eynts; ginger, Hugh M. Johns, 16
cfnts and 14 cents, according to the slae of
thi tins: chambers, Joseph Sloss, 41 cents;
creeks, one, two and three gallons. Henry
O. Wicdero, 16 cents, 32 cents and 48 cents;
vinegar cruets, Andrew B. C. Dohrmann, $1 33;
coffee curs at $1 IS. tea cups at $1 02, meat
dishes at 83 tents and 41 c^nts (according to
size), vegetable dishes at 23 cents and 'lantern
globe* at 58 cents, all to Joseph Sloss; street
lamp globe*. Giorge Bauer, a5 cents; mstal
lamp shades, George B. Heller. 15 cents; paper
lamp shades at :!'.« cents, porcelain lamp shade*
at Ji'i cents, lamps at 39 rents and 39 cents
(of two d?scrlptiori£). all to A. B. C. Dohr
mann; students' lamps. Maurice Block, t- 'S-i:
Hoch>s>ter lamps, A. B. C Dohrmann. $2 S3;
street lamps, John R. Heller, $2 85; sun
burner lamp chimneys. Maurice Blork, 80 cents
and $1. according to size; chimneys for student
lamps, A. B. C Dohrmann, 31 cents; mammoth
chimneys for Rochester lamps. A. B. C. Dohr
mann. fl 45; lamp wicks to Joseph Sloss at
2Vfc cents and 3 cents, to Edward H. Feldman
at 4 cent?, to Mauric* Block at 6 cents, to
Joseph Sloss at 6|4 cents, according to va
rious specifications; tubular safety lanterns,
Joneph Sloss, i't cents; pepper sprinklers.
Harry Unna, 34 cents; pint pitchers and quart
"pitchers, Joseph Sloss, 27 cents and JJ2 cents;
glass syrup pitchers, Maurice Block, ?2;
white enamel ware pitchers to Joseph Sloss at
3S cents and to Alomo A. Watklns at 50 cents,
according to size; pitchers and washbowls,
Alonzo A. Watkins, 27 cents; white enamel
'ware plates, Harry Unna, So cents and 95
cents; sauce plates and soup plates', Joseph
Sloss Ct$ cents and 82 cents; lamp reflectors,
A B. C Dohrmann, 13 '-4 cents; glass ' salt
sprinkler!". Harry Unna, 35 cents; coffee and
tea saucers. Joseph Sloss, 74 cents and 00
cents; tumbters, H. O. Wiedero, 2\^ cents;
white enamel ware washbowls. 18 cents:
clothes baskets, Fred B. Dallam. 60^ cents, 25
cents and »>0 cents, according to description;
wooden chopping bowls, 14«J cents and 28
cents; brooms. Joseph SIosb, $2 35; whisk
brooms. Harry Unna. $1 ; dust brushes, Wake
fleld Baker. *2 4S; scrub brushes. Edward H.
Feldman. *1 25; shoe bruehes, . Joseph Sloss,
50 cents and ?1 84; stove " brushes, "James I.
Holcolm SI 10: well buckets. Harry Unna, 36
c»nt»; chairs, Charles F. Webber, ?10 30, $7 and
$4 25, according to description; churns, Ed
ward H. Feldman, $2 80; clocks. A. B. O.
Dohrmann, $2 75; clothes lines, of galvanized
wlr», Andrew Carrlgan. 13 cents; rope clothes
lilies. Joseph Sloss, 6 cents; clothes pins,
Harry Unna, 11 «i cents; desks to the Indian
apolis Furniture Company. $15, $3 63, $3 48,
S143 S3 28, * $3 11. $3 0«.S2 6S> and$2 66; desks,
Charles M. Wiggln. $2 59. S2 49, $2 <3S, |2 50.
$2 47, S2 41, |2 20, $2 22 and $2 27: *isks.
Charles^F. Webber, $10; hammer handles,
AVakefleld Baker. 3)*Va cents; hatchet handles,
Joseph Sloss, 31) cents and $1 34; sewing ma
chines. John A. Clover, $16 and $21:
mftttreese3, Leonard H. C. McRostay. $3 SO
and < S3 15; hnlf-bushel measures, Harry Unna,
45 cents; mlrrort, Schufsler Bros.. 65 cents;
mtpstickB, Joseph Sloss, C4 cents; pillows, L.
II MoRojkcy. $1 05: rolling pins, Wakefield
Baker. "Vi cents: rope, Wakefleld Baker. 11*4
cents and 11 V4 cents; wooden stools, Charles
F Wpbber $5 14; washboards. Harry Unn«,
10 crts; washtubs, Edward H. Feldman, 50
rents; wringers, Joseph Sloss, 97 cents and
$109; washstands. Fred B. Dallam, S5 85.
His Story 3Iay Be Exagger
ated, but It Is Known That
He Was in Water 36 Hours
Commissioner. Jones Reaches
End of the First Stage of i
His San Francisco Labors
PICKED UP AT SEA
AWARDS' MADE PUBLIC
The Oceanic steamship Alameda came
in yesterday morning five _ days and
twenty-two hours from Honolulu. She
had thirty-five cabin passengers and
150 in the steerage, ninety-two of whom
were Japanese, and 1150 tons of mixed
cargo. The following are her cabin
passengers: .
Miss L. Aheong, O. M. Atwood, Mrs.
R. Buchley, Mrs. Q. H. Berrey, Miss
Copeland, Mrs. S. A. Deacon, C./C.
Eakin, Bro. Frank, M. V. Holmes, F. ?
J.'Heger, K. R. Hamakers, C. C. Ken T
nedy and wife, Mrs. C- E. King and
infant, Bro. Lawrence, R. S. Miller, C.
G. Owen, O. H. Pecht. Miss E. J.
Rolph, Mrs. W. N. Rolph, Master H.
Rolph, N. R. Spencer, Bro. Thomas, T.
C. Thorncroft, Miss • Vida, H. Van
Kmster, Miss H. Wilder, Mrs. H. A.
Weiss and child. Mies Winston, Mi3s
Enoch, Mifes .Eisner, Mrs. J. W. Brock,
Mrs. Tucker.
Miss Louisa Aheong is the daughter
of a Christian Chinese and of. a Ha
waiian mother. She is & graduate of
the Maunaolu Seminary at . Maui and
a teacher in a school near Honolulu.
C. C. Eakin is of the cigar firm of
Gunst & Eakin, Honolulu, C. C. Ken
nedy is a planter, of Hilo, Drs. Miller
and Thorncroft are from Japan trav-_
ellng around the world. Miss Helen
Wilder, of Honolulu, and Miss Nannie
Winston, a writer, are on a visit, from
the islands. Brothers Fxank, Thomas
and Lawrence are from St. Louis.
Wand, for San Francisco.
' TACOMA— Sailed July 12— Stmr Edith, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 12— Stmr Ean Mateo, hence
Jury 7.
TATOOSH— Passed July 13— 8tmr Jeani*. fm
Seattle for San Francisco.
Passed In July 12 — Bktn Benicla. from Ma
kawell; bktn John Palmer, from Manila for
Port Townsend. --
Pasted out July 12— Btmr Edith, for Baa
Francisco. :
8ANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 12— Stmr
Coronatfo, from Gray* Harbor.
Sailed July 12— Stmr Bonlta, for 8«n Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived July 12— Stmr Fulton,
hence July Id.
Sailed July 12— Stmr Pomona, for Ean Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 12— Ger stmr'Ara
ge-nia. from Hongkong.
REDONDO — Arrived July 12— Stmr Centra -
lia. hence July. 10; stmr Be«. from Eureka;
•ehr A J West, from Grays Harbor.
BELLINOHAM— Arrived July 12— Scbr A M
Baxter, from San Pedro. . ¦ . '
PORT TOW.N'SEND — Arrived July 12 —
Stmr Melville Dollar, from Notno. and pro
ceeded to Vancouver.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 12— Stmra Alliance
and Signal, hence July. 9.
PORT LOB ANGELES— Arrived July 12— Br
bark Carnarvon Bay. from Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed July 11— Stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
, PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 11— Stmr
Californian, from Hilo.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 12— Stmr Sono
ma, from Sydney for San Francisco.
Sailed July 12 — Stmr Sonoma, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived July 11— Stmr
Queen henc* July 9.
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived July 12— Br stmr
Empress of India, from Hongkong.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 10— Ger stmr
Mrra, hence Feb 14
DOVER— Passed June SO— Ger stmr Serbia,
from Hamburg for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— In pert July 1— Ft bark Gen
eral de Sonis. for Han Francisco: Br ship
Colonial Empire for San Francisco.
CADIZ— Sailed June 2*— O«r stmr Pentaur,
for Pouth America.
BARCELONA— Sailed July 6— Spanish stmr
Alicante, for Liverpool.
MAZATLAN— Arrived June 27— Br ship
Blyihswood. from Newcastle, Aus.
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived June 26— Ger
stmr Abydos, from Hamburg for San Fran
cisco.
SHANGHAI— ArYived June 2ft— Ger stmr Nu
bia, from New York for Manila.
ADELAIDE— Arrived July &— Br bark
Zinlta. from Port Gamble.
SUVA— Sailed June 25— Schr Resolute, for
Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 12— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Groase. from Bremen.
GLASGOW — Arrived July 12— Stmr Furnes
«ia. from New York.
_ ANTWERP— Arrived July 12— Stmr Vader
land. from New York. v
Marvelous Swimming Feat
of & Lascar Lost Over
board From a Vessel
City Dealers Will Supply
the Government's Indian
Wards With Merchandise
Her Commander, Captain Everett, in the Little Mangrove, Captured
the Spanish Liner Panama Off Havana in 1 898— -Has Made an
Interesting Tour Around the Globe, Visiting the Philippines
Miss Louisa Aheong, a Chinese-Hawaiian Schoolteacher,
Here on Leave of Absence— Korea Carries Great Cargo
and Passengers to Orient — "Derelict" Mty Be a Whale
LOCAL BIDDERS
GET CONTRACTS
KEEPS AFLOAT
THREE DAYS
TRANSPORT BUFFALO, THE OLD
NICTHEROY, COMES INTO PORT
OCEANIC LINER ALAMEDA
ARRIVES FROM HONOLULU
TOE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
11
1 OCEAN TBAVEL.
I — «¦ ¦.,¦—¦,.,.,. ..„.-.-¦¦,
! 7^*. Steamers leavs Broadway
/c&^-^SflV wharves (pMr» 9 and Uj.
/•5w_ an Francisco:
/Q/TIl^*** \m\ Kor Ketci.ikan, Wraru?!.
I I VeL*yii I I Ju^^a'J- Haines, Skaguay.
\ I 1*TTT> / / * tc - Alaska — 11 a. m., July
V'X \\ *• 14 - 19 « 2i - W- Au «- x
' \^St^__^^Oy Change to Company's steam-
I V*««SIffy^ *rs at Seattle.
• For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Tovmsead, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Belliusham— 11 a. m.. July 9, 14. 19. 21. 20.
Adff. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company"*
steamere for Alaska an3 a. N. Ry.: at 8eatt!»
or Ta:oma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C
p. Ry.
Fo»* KumIco (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
• p. m. July t>. 15, 21. 27. Aug. 2. Corona.
I l:3O p. m.. July 12. IS. 24. SO. Aug. 8.
; For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an-i
; Redondol. San Piego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
St«te of Californfa. Thursdays. 9 %. m. »
For Los Angeles (via San Pe4*o and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. ilo:i-
1 ter«y, San Simeon. Cayueos, Port Uanford (9an
' Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bor.Ua. 9 a. m., July 10. 1«. i«. Aug. 3.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. July 14. 22. 3O. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Sin Josa rt*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Gunymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. tth each moi.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. S*a?on 1W4 —
The palatial excursion steamship Spokaria will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July U>.
I Aug. X
: For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reaer»ed to change steamers or salting dates.
! TICXET Or PICES — I New Montsrrtm-
: ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight OSca, 10 Market st.
C. V. DCNANN, deneral Passengir Agent.
. ' 10 Market' St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
j (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
' Steamers will leave wharf, comer First and
Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. tor YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hicgo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received en board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
..... ...V... Monday. August 1. ldO-%
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at rcltu-M
rates. For freight and passage apply at com-
pany's office 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Ag3nt.
occamcs.s.co.«BiS
8. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July li. 11 A.M.
S. S. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa. .Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 28, S P. M.
j S. S. MARIPOSA. for TahltLAugust 9. 11 A.M.
1.D.SMCXELS k BE0S.CO., AUS., Heist 021C8 643 Mar-
iSL MM GffiCS 329 Maifct St., PiiT 7, Paciflc St.
COXriGKK BESSKALB TRAS3ATL1STIQ0S.
DlllECT LINE TO llAVrtE-PAWS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
t Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. from Pier 42.
Nortb River, foot ot Mcrton st.
First class to Havre. |7o and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATKS AND
CANADA 33 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacing Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Rallm»dTlcli#t Acents.
To V. S: Vary Tard and Vail a Jo.
Stmr* General Frlsbie, Montlcello and. Arrow.
9:45 a. m., 12:S0, 3:13, «, S:3O p. m. (#x. Sun.»;
8andayi. 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leavs Vallejo
T. 8 a. m.. 15:30, 3:13, 9 p. tn. (ex. Sun.); Sun.
days T a. m.. 4:13 P. .m. Pier 2. foot MIs-
>lon street; phone Mala 1509. HATCH BRO3.
To XT. 8. K*vy Tard and Vallsjo.
Stmr M. J. Corcoran — Leave* (%. F.. foot ot
Clay st., north «na t«rry bidg.— Week days.
0:30 A. M.. S and *S P. M.: Sunday*. 0:30
tA U.. 9 P. M. Leava Vatlcjo— Wevb, da>^
(B:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 9:30 P M.: Sundays, ft
'P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Kxcurslnn riM*.
I Sundays to Vallejo. Ol«n Cov* «nd Martinez.
E BOc round trip. PIPER. ADEN, OOODALL
? CO., pbon* Mdla Mi. *aaturday cxce^Ud.
'"Unioi^'GAs Engines
*"ljnion engines k ft g*!***m»»^
g:ncs popular. 5000 )&. ¦ Rsgw^wj! tftTmfcp?S£&i3fr&hf
world. 1 he princi- ml vti' fl^^Sr^y^Jtw^trat r ' i»^^jSSr
in use in 65 s. p. 3-cylihder "trkxoK" MABiifE JOfajxn.
this port than those of all other makes combined. .They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine.. naphtha or, distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude. oiL Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
UiuonGasEnpe^mpajTy^i^m^*THE SAN . FRANCISGOt CALU, -WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
12
BPSIBTESS CHAKCTS-^ntlBnea^
A— CAMERON ft'CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
nshing; completely furnisnea and. equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator _fpr
making own gas;, toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. - . "• - ¦'
FOB, sale or trade — Quarts mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED to exchange Income property in Ala-
meda for stoc 1 * of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $S000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 8 Eddy st.
i ' _HZZZI — •
I FOR exchange— Lot. 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class: on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. - « |
; FOR sale— First-class electrician and lock- j
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
! $400 PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
! $3500— Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good barg.
$225-$3000— Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$850-$S00O— Saloon with leases; good bargain.
$S50-$3000— Grocery & bars; stand investlg.
BERG & ARMSTRONG, 318 Kearny et.
WELL-PAYING old established art and curio
store centrally located, beautifully equipped;
will 'exchirg*. for country property; muht
. sell at once, account severe sickness; no
reasonable offer refused: investigate this.
Address Box 32".5 Call office. '
] FOR salt" — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in-
quire at 119 Frcnt St.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. n^ _^__
CANDY business; Powell St.; within block of
Hotel St. Francis and theat'rs; valuable lo-
cation; splei did opportunity; business estab-
lished; expensive fixtures; $3000; other inter-
ests. Addr*ns Box 1744. Call office.
GROCERY and bar at invoice; snap.
$1100 and $500— Swell fiats; Van Ness ave.
$500— Grocery and liquor store: good trade.
Pacific Real' Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$tut) — OYSTER and chop house; must be sold
account of sickness; nr. Examiner building;
private rooms; 2 entrances. McNULTY,
759 Market St. .
$1250— BAKERY in prosperous mining town;
3 horses, 2 wagons; receipts $35 per day;
rent $."0; lease; no opposition; trial given;
everything complete. 87 Third St., room 14.
$500 SECURES interest and position in manu-
facturing business; party wanted to oversee
help attend shipments, etc.; nothing dlffl-
i-ult. Office. 247 Fifth St., city.
FOR sale in a rood town In Alameda County
hotel of 22 bedrooms, parlors, dining-rooms,
lardrooms, barroom, etc.; rent $50; income
$!t00 per month. Address box 3294, Call.
I WISH to sell my half-interest in grocery and
bar and family liquors on a good corner in
the Mission ; average daily sales $37 50; price
$10&0. Address box '3197, "Call office.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure parlors : on
leading Ftreet; clears $200 month; must be
sold on account of departure. Box 1773, Call.
PROFESSIONAL woman, with property for le-
gitimate, profitable business", desires partner
with capital; investigate. Box 1S82, Call.
GROCERY for sale; good trade In a gror. .ng
neighborhood; will sell reasonable: sickness
cause. Address Box 1446, 'Call office.
WOOD, coal and hay yard for sale in good
location in the Mission: established 14 years.
Address box 3261, Call office.
$260 — PASTRIES, notions . & confectionery,
laundry agency; 3 furn rms and basement;
electriclty;large stock; fine trade. 525 Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen; fine location; will
sell at great sacrifice. See owner, 40S
OTarrell st.
FOR sale^ — A large bakery In country; clears
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, - Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar etore; must be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. < Box 1220.
Call efflce. Oakland.
YOUNG man with $250 and satisfied with $75
monthly • wanted as partner in established
and genteel buslnees. Apply 235 Kearny st.
MAN with $500 to loan or put in business;
$75 monthly: best of security; light work.
See PETERS, 36 Geary st., room 0.
FOP sale — Cheap: saloon and 4 rooms, all fur-
nished, and kitchen: centrally located; city.
Call st 409 Sansome st.
PARTNER, with email capital, for oyster
hcuse; good stand; good locality. Address
box 1243. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — Cigar store and laundry branch, slot
machine; good established trade. Box 1S32,
Call office.
CORNER grocery; bar; fine fixtures; long
lease ; low rent; doing good business ; bar-
gain If sold in few days. D., 3153 24th st
YOUNG man with $100 to buy half Interest In
good paying' business. 917 Market, room 1.
$3200— HOTEL and bar; 40 rooms; rent $65;
bar pays expenses. 121 Valencia st. „
$250— BRANCH bakery; 4 living rooms; rent
$15. II. C. KOOr, 121 Valencia st.
$75 BUYS a barber shop on Market St.; good
location. Call .at 121 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Comer saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
WANTED — Steady man for steady place; will
pay $90 a month. C32 Market St.. room 6.
$350— DAIRY and delicacy stores, with living
rodms. 379 Hayes st.
FOR sale— Lodging-house and restaurant. In-
quire 310^ Folsom st.
RESTAURANT for sale In Western Addition;
good location. Box 1811, Call office.
$450 — ELEGANT candy and ice cream store;
living rooms; rent $35. 210 Fourth.
RESTAURANT and delicacy fixtures for 'sale
and store to let. Call 9 o'clock, 411 Turk at.
WANTED — To buy a hat store. Aadress box
32S3. Call.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard. Ad-
dress box 32S2. Call office. . '
FOR SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties
going East; corner Duncan and Guerrero.
FOR SALE— Saloon. Call at Western Rubber
Stamp Works. ,521 Mission St. '; • .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg over Examiner entrance."
Cor. Third and Market ets. Tel. Black -3G07.
Rooming bouses and hotels for sale.
SO rooms; corner house; new; above ordinary
in modern conveniences; elegantly furnished in
mahogany and blrdseye maple; clearing 1260
mo.; $4000 cash required. MARION : GRIFFIN.
130 room*, new, modern hotel; If t you want
a bargain, get particulars at once. M. Griffin.
44 rooms; guaranteed to clear $200 per mo.;
$2000 cash; get particulars. Marlon Griffin..
¦ 14 rooms; corner house; an ideal home and
money maker; owner sick in country; must' be
sold at once. See MARION GRIFFIN..
70 rooms; 2, 8, and 4 room suites with baths;
beyond question the most magnificently, furn.
apartments in city; for price,- terms etc., * see
my exclusive agent. MARION »GRIFFIN. :
$3500 buys this week- only' 86-room house;
newly furnished ; - in splendid condition ; ¦ every
room occupied • by steady roomers; ' rent ' $250;
long lease; profit $250 mo. Marlon ; Griffin. ~
24 rooms; all on 1 floor: always. full. and easy
to ' take care of; for quick sale reduced ; from
$1500 to $1000; % cash, for a bargain; see my
only agent. MARION GRIFFIN. * ~ »*¦
$3500; 33 rooms; beautiful corner, house; part
cash, balance to bo paid out ¦ of ¦ earnings ¦ of
house, which Is over $300 per month. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRDTFIN./ ci ,;„<-.> •..-.;'
$1800; 22 rooms; corner house: rent $110; run
by present owner 8 years; ideal ; home : and ; al-
ways sure to-clear more .than $70 every mo.
MARION GRIFFIN, v > ;
$200 cash is all you . need to buy ' 18 rooms
with almost new furniture;: where on earth can
you beat this offer for a business that is clear-
ing over $65 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
If you are looking for a hotel, lodging-house
or apartment-houses, it. will pay you : to .-sea
MARION GRIFFIN. , . . . ; • ;
.Room 400, Examiner bldg,, 8. F., Cal,. r _ \
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES— C«mtt»iiedl
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 0133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. M0 Clay.
K-MPLOyaiKXT WAATEU FEMALE.
LADY wishes position In country or moun-
tains; will care for and instruct children:
capable in all English branches and Span-
ish: will travel; references. Box 2205. Call.
CAPABLE woman, of good education, offer*
her services daily as mother's helper: Kpod
housekeeper and sewer: reference given. Box
I B, Call Branch, SCO Hayea st»
YOUNG lady would like engagement aa cashier
in restaurant; understands the business well.
P*. O. box 23, Alameda. _^___
YOUNG German woman wants housedeanlng:
$1 a day. Address MRS. V.. 9 Ritch St.. off
Folsom. bet. 3d and 4th. top floor. In rear.
DRESSMAKER — Good fitter, cutter and de-
signer; will go out by the day; $-. 1423
Post St., near Octavla.
WOMAN would like a few more tngar«iaent»
by the day; good washer and troner; send
postal. 443 Sixth st.
WAITRESS, experienced, wasti position, ho-
tel or restaurant. 824 Mason St.; peon*
Black 2306. '_
AMERICAN woman with a child, good cook,
wants work* country. 324 Masoa St.; phone
Black 2530.
A YOUNG Finn girl wi 3 hes a situation to d»
light housework and cooking: private fam-
ily In city; wages $13. 173 Clara st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position, hotel or
restaurant. 324 Mason; phon« Black 2335.
GOOD ranch cook wants cooklns for m«n;
country. 234 Maaon: phone Black 2396.
GERMAN woman wishes housework and plain
cooking: $4 oer week. Box 1552. IOCS Market.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper for a
widower's family; no objection to golnj a
short distance In the country. Address 52$
Third *t., city. ' ¦
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper: takt
full charge; very fonrl of children; Ia3t plae*
7 years, wages $25 up. Address box 3117, Call.
EXPERIENCED teacher , wish«s situation;
coaches public school pupils tn all studies;
day or evening; artthmetrc; foreigners taught
English. MRS. M. K. SMITH. 912 Pine st.
WANTED — A position as cook on a ranch a
Fhort distance from t.-.e city. Address 523
Third St., city.
YOUNG lady, good appearance: position mil-
linery cr candy store; experience. E. W..
eGO Geary st.
SWEDISH girl want* situation to io general
housework. Please call "at 2661 Twenty -
second st., near Bryant.
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer
desires good position; good references. Box
1730. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED CathoUe woman wishes posi-
tion in small German family; general house-
work. Inquire 632 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and stenographer, 3
years' experience, desires position; refer-
ences: $12 week. Box 1862. Call office. .
A YOUNG woman wants work of any kind by
the day. Phone Scott 1324. after 6 p. in.
, DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day;*
will go out. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 14Sfi.
JAPANESE woman wants a position M cook
and to do general housework In family in
city. U. LAGUTI, 40O Post St.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation; plain cook
and housework. MlaS YOSHI. 513 Jessie st. ;
phone South 90.
JAPANESE young lady desires a position to
do cooking and housework in private family;
understands the car» of children. Address
897 Market St.. room 108.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received a£
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan 8s. Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tea
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MAX. 15.
GARPKrxnR. first clasa in all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's grounds, wishes position, on private
place; references. Address W. N., box 2217,
Call office.
A BARTENDER, German, sober and trust-
worthy, wants position la city salooa or ho-
tel; good recommendations. Addresa CHAR-
LEY HOFFMAN. 310 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted as teamster; good ;eina>-
man: can drive 4 or 6, singl* line or checks.
H. M. LANE. Winchester House. Third st.
YOUNG barber. 21 years of age, with 12
months' experience, wants steady place. Box
190C. Call office.
CUTTER and tailor <3S) desires position; city
or country; New York references; free trial.
Box 1916. Call.
A YOUNO man wants work on a chicken or
fruit rar.ch: some experience; srnaU wages.
Box 1705. Call.
AN experienced all around metal worker and
metal polisher and especially in soldering
iretal. speaks German and English, wou'ni
like position; will start at moderate wages:
can furnish bond if necessary. FRITZ. 2
Carolina place, nr. Powell and Paclnc 8t».
MECHANICAL draftsman, good designer and
detailer. 18 years' experience, mining, sta-
tionary, marine power plants, factories,
nants position or work at home. Box 32V.),
Call office.
A HIGH-CLASS specialty salesman In food
products and groceries desires to make a
connection with a thoroughly responsible
hcuse; has a European and Oriental experi-
ence. Box 3140. Call office.
POSITION as accountant, bookkeeper or cash-
ier; young man; -6 years: has had experi-
ence; married; sober: steady; reference* Eos
1252, Call office. Oakland.
A POSITION as expert die and tool hand; ma-
chin* or model work; competent to taka
charge; good references. Box 17*V*. Call.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation In a grocery store and bar-room;
first-class references. Box 32S4. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener situation wanted by
a young man; beat of references. Address
1253, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED maa wants position as Jan-
itor: can take charge of a bauding and can
give reference. Box 312C. Call. '
A WATCHMAN or private detective, best oC
city reference, wants position. Box 2201. Call.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrlter, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st.: phone Mint 141.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to da
housework or plain cooking: city or Oakland:
speaks English. 405 Dupont at.; tel. BlacX
1»U. _-»•
NEAT Japanese desires a position as schoolboy
in small family. Address S. KONDOH. 121
Halght st. Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE strong boy wants position as store
boy or any kind work; time. a. ra. ; speaka
Ensllsh. M. KAWA, 121 Grant ave.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
situation as schoolboy; $2 week: plain cook
; or waiter. SAKA, box 1904. Call.
JAPANESE, honest boy, waiter or dishwasher;
good help, bet. 5:30 and 8 p. m. S. G., t£ii>
Larkln st. : phons Larkln 1753.
JAPANESE honest .boy wants a position as
school boy tn family; speaks English well. O.
NUMANAMI. 807 Polk St.
JAPANESE, young strong boy. wants position
as schoolboy. Please- call at IS Salina place.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as a
schoolboy. FRANK. 1329 Pine st.; tel. Lar-
ktn 2V11. .
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as a
schoolboy. KURIHARA. 1323 Pine st: tele-
phone Larkln 2011.
EXCELLENT Japanese cook wants a position
in nice family; city or country. .Bex 32W,
Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wintj a position
In family; wages S3 to $10 week. H. T.
ENOMOTO. 467 Hayes at.
JAPANESE wants a position as schoolboy.
Address U. M-. 811 Stockton at.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as sehoo!-
boy.' H. TASAKA. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position ia
family: reference. S07 Polk st. S. MORI.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to school
boy in family. 807 Polk st. T. ASHIDA.
A JAPANESE wishes to work after 8 in th»
evening. T. TAKA. ,110 Taylor st.. rear.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position in a fam-
lly. T. I.. 21 Brenham' place.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received a«
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the reception
•f advertisements and subscriptions has be*a .
opened at 1C08 Market at. oppoatU fUUu
Ppea until 11 ». m, - —
CURES BUFI'UBS.
HUNTERS Positive Rupture Holders. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1. 1902.
Mr. A. Hunter— Dear Sir: The rupture
holder I bousht from you cured my rupture tn
00 days. I have discarded the holder, having
no more u;e for it. I feel like a sew man
since I was cured. Yours truly.
R. A. KENNEDY.
Lick House.
cotiECTio^orrjCESj
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 5580.
~~~~~ DENTISTS.
JT'neW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted ZO yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1095 Market. 2d floor; ail
first-class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, eor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 23c.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 968 Mission, cor.- 6th
ARTHUR CHI9HOLM. surgeon-dentist. rl4. i sl
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Puttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SBAMSTRHSSE9
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 ilkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew.
art's button A buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Arras
Business College. for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined course, $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bid*.. 723
Market st. •
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
et., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West.
come-and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Orson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, cv'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER, Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrleity.2i Poet
at.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering-
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
YOUNG man: can secure a business or short-
hand course in exchange for a little work
dally. ' S. F. Bus.- College. 788 Mission st.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. «vgs; Juve-
niles. Eat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerreny
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min. mech. sur-'
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864 " Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
ISAAC Pitman Business College 345 Haixhf
individual instrac. ; all branches; day; eve!
WESTERN Business Collexe. . 1107 Mkt. com-
plete course. 6 mo $30. yve^ mo; private
CALIFORNIA Business. College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. 3. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, n'r. Sixth!
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinees employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. TeL James 6261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japa.nes«h-
Chlntse help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Mala 5733.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seunrs. 411% OTarrcll; tel. East 42«.
J A PANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
.beat help. FrlU Tan»i*W,m«r.; $?1 Bush 839.
SPIRITUALISM.
ELSIE REYNOLDS — Materializing Wednesday
eve., 50c.; light of truth benefit Thursday.
328 Ellis st. i
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2500 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— Call at once and save $4. \
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry, in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
eelf. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you deeire. wtn the one you
love, bring back your loved one, • and cause
marriage with one of choice. -10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, 'or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the * noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1, Would it not
be a relief "to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
lingiyou and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may meet with better success? Then
Tor a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy st. ; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian peeress. The Vendors*., 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phont South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
jj reader; when others fall try me: good readings
V 25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.Q.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Rayenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card rtad-
«r; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
facts: readings dally. 917 Market. " room 3.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles. 25c;
• gents. 60c. 54.5 Minna st.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age. 1207 Market St., room 11.
MRS.' BAUMANN, the .well known : fortun*-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARIPET BEATING _ANP CtEANIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and . Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed, air at -shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air > Cleaning
Co., 308 Market st. ; phones Main' 152 and
Bush 479. . ¦.,. , .-• ! . ¦•¦-•¦
WHEN you become disgusted with I your work
• send for SPAULDINP'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
- ing Works. 355-357 Tjhama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth sfe— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3o yard.: Tel. Mission '74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlBon st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Work*.
¦ 833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone • East 126.
' EOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. , 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
c^OTHrtrp aiarovATPfo. <
SUITS cleaned and < pressed." $1 ; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st., room 14;
> pnone Drumm 44, Call lor and deliver free,
lougiv; houses for sale— con.
A— CAMERON A. CO.. Phone South 1050
o Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses; Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances,
108 rooms;, cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired,
rare cbance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance c.tn be paid out of th» house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
JS rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $i per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaee; clears $400. to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears Jl'Xi per month; $400U down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat;' rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flna
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything
In first-class, condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if Bold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
•17 rooms; rent only' $70; fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap' rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown , house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with u«.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
____ ~ ' .
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished- and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per
month; close in: full nice people; bargain If
taken; at once; dissolution of partnership. \
00-room new modern 2 and 8 I room apart-
ment-house; cheap, rent; most 1 elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years', lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of ¦ sickness. ' ¦¦
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and, pay. cash difference.
Large lift of real estate, rooming-houses
and- business for exchange or trade; always on
hand. CAMERON -& CO.. ,8' Eddy. st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 ¦ rooms, all men - roomers. ¦ low rent . . , 10OO
116 rooms, low rent, country transient. B00O
¦ 81; rooms, rent only . $55. . 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient... 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room... 3400
Hotels and roadhouse and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged. .- •¦ ,
¦ Money ; to ¦ loan on furniture at low rates. ¦
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 'Kearny. st.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market st.
If you want -to buy -a house or -flat on easy
terms, large, list to select - from. - *
LODGING-HOUSE, 36 rooms." f*r sale; central
location; weir furnished; light rooms. Box
. 3274.. Call office. ¦ -¦ -;y ' -.
45-ROOM corner- house; $125 rent;, steady and
v [ transient trade; my failing health only cause
of. selling. -Box 2699/ Call office.
24-ROOM - housekeeping house; , great r bargain;
. account sickness. . 743 Eddy et.:
FOR sale or exchange for real estate— 20 rooms,
rent $40; with lease, $450." 547 Howard st. .
WASHINGTON, 2 — 13-room house furnished
' complete; good business. - T v - -. • * '
.-- ¦;/ LODGING HOVSES WANTED.
WILL buy ' for cash, ; If > reasonable,'' furnished
lodging-house '" In ' good ' location ; ' state price.
Box 1»17. Call office. v • . > >V
- COTTAGES TO 'LET.
FOR Sate—^Cosy cottage of j 6 rooms and bath :
¦ in ; the ¦ Mission.; : a great * bargain. Address
' box -2218, Call office.^ • ' '
FOR rent— Cottage, ' 4 rooms and bath. 230
¦xl««'*ve.,;lngieaidt. , , - ..-¦v,*
¦ ¦¦-.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . _••¦• h~*--_
AGBA'TS WAMTBD.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders: outfit free; experience and capital
net necessary if you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chico Nursery Co., Chlco, Cal.
AGENTS wanted to cell the most useful article:
big money In it; a great seller; send for
agents' circulars. Address S. A. RICHMOND,
1224 Halght St., San Francisco.
WE have good positions for a number of ex-
perienced sewing machine solicitors. White
Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post ct. and 1841
Fillmore gt. ' .
ATTORKEYS-AT-jLAW.
G. W HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay in advance; mining com-
panies organized; patents obtained; wills, deeds,
collections; detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 18
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consuka-
tlon ; evenings by appointment. Tel. Re^ '001.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ot
Midlers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coaet for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. fl2; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. S3.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: all cases.
Room 46fi. Parrott bldg.. S55 Market st.
U S. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
APTOMOBILEB.
FOR sale — Bargains in 1903 autocar,- Pierce
motorette, two-cylinder Toledo with ton-
neau. White Stanhope;- any reasonable cash
offer considered. WHITE GARAGE, Mar-
ket and Franklin sts., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand White
Stanhope automobile In pood running order.
Address box 3299. Call office.
FOR 6ale — A runabout automobile; nearly new;
first-class condltioa. Box 3199, Call office.
POPE Toledo car for sale; reasonable. Box
3268. Call office.
FOR sale— A Rambler touring car. Box S23S.
("all offloe.
ASTHMA BEMEDT.
A. Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c SOc 1602 M:wket. St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A LADY wishes to take care of children at
her home; reasonable. Call at S30 Mission
St.. in basement.
BOOXS^
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from SOC Powell st.. to 857 Geary «t.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
a well-advertised and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $6000; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about hi block from Market and Ellis
Sts.; place doing a rushing business; value
In sight: owner must leave for the East.
See It. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; established
5 -years; best location on Geary et. ; cheap
rent. Particulars R. G. Wilke, 26>4 Kearny.
A — $S50; CORNEI". saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
•ts.; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny at.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices: saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26 hi Kearny st.
A — $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
ceipts $25; rent $30: good business; value
in sight; patronized by best class ot people.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— $1000; SALOON In the Potrero. with fl
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
good buslnees; Investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine buslnees; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $4500: SALOON, located in Watsonville;
rent $47 60; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny 6t.*
A— $2500; LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the Interior. Call R G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value in
eight; one of the beet offers in Santa Crux
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et.
A — $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons in this city;
dally receipts about $40: place clean net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ¦
A— $3000; CORNER raloon. elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $35; location
first-class and a fine paying business; will
stand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton ets.; rent $160; lease: place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R* G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and
business can't be beat. See R'. Q. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. •
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion acrocs the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et.
A— $3600— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan.
tile lunch; on Montgomery st, vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. £6% Kearny st.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
• F. A. BARR. Manager,
Suite 807-808 Call Building.
Buy, sell and exchange high-grade fur-
nished apartments and leases; also furnished
hotels; promote any proposition of actual
merit. We have special advantages in this
line and can certainly preve of service to
you. We deal only in desirable properties at
reasonable prices and often can offer genuine
bargains. Call for particulars.
IMPORTANT to apartment or rooming house
ownens — We have a cash customer who wants
to buy the furniture and lease of a well-
located apartment or rooming house; wants
from 40 to 100 rooms, with modern conven-
iences and good light; willing to Invest from
$4000 to $8000. Write tull particulars or
bring same' soon as possible to THE
REALTY EXCHANGE CO.. suite 807-S08
Call bulldinr.
44-ROOM apartraent-house, with 12 private
baths; best lighted and most conveniently ar-
ranged in the city; desirable location* well
furnished; rent only $240; lease; price only
$4250; will average over $200 per month net
profit; keeps full during summer season. For
particulars call on REALTY EXCHANGE!
CO.. suite 807-808 Call building.
S2200-COUNTRY hotel; great summer resort-
P lg iSS 5 ' 6111 tra<!e : l»n?e dining-room seat-
ing $200; plenty dishes and tableware- rent
r. a i^ and e!ect ri c 1-Bhts $25; a rare chance!
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market stl
$300^-BEST paying delicatessen store in liveli-
est part of city; daily receipts $40; will stay
to teach business: value in sight MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Mafket BtT
$350 BUYS a well-paying branch bakery and
mt<tufant
HARDWARE and paint business, established
26 years by present owner, will be sold at
nT^Uf-o ? n . account °t failing health.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh and Rail-
road ave., Alameda.
GOOD paying bakery: fine store trade; for
«£?tt5U*k.«F? U 8acrin «- HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave., Alameda.
$S50 WILL secure a lifelong position and IiJl
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references-
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007^
Market st.. room 1. .
FOR eal« or rent cheap— A hotel which is
practically new; capacity 20 rooms; unfur-
nished; all modern conveniences; located in
the village of Freestone. For further infor-
mation apply to I. T. WARD. Freestone
Sonoma County, CaL . ¦
A- -$250; PARTNER wanted in light business •
must be satisfied with $15 to $35 a, week.
THE CALL
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communicatloni to
3OHX M.CXACGHT Manager
W. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALU The Operator TVM Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou wisn.
Pnt)?lc«tlo» Offlc* Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Room» 217 to 221 Stevenion «t.
Delivered by Carriers. "20 CU. Per _^?« lt » n
Cts. Per Month. Single Cople« 8 CU.
Ter»6 fcy Mail. Including Poetas* (Cash wlta
"* Order): ..
DAILT CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 year...*3.00
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 xno»... 4^00
DAILT CALL— Ey Eln&le Month •«;
6UNDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.60
VEEKLT CALL. 1 Year 1;W
roHEiG.v jstetisssssss
POSTAGE. 1 weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
*TJ. TOSTMAKTERS ARE ACTHOniZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Batrple Copiet will h« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall •abtcrlberi In ordertc* chanre ©* •»:
£r*f§ tbould be particular to civ both NEW
ANI> OLD ADDRESS la order to ln»ur» a
prompt asd correct compliance with their f-
CVCSt.
OAKLAND OmCB: " m ._ _„,
IM« Broadway Telephone Mala 1«S»
EERKKLET OFFICE: _
CtS Oester Str»«t. Telephon* JTortb T7
WASHPCOTOX CORRESPONDENT:
fcAirCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 81
tTtlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Botel end HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS t
Bherman House: P. O. New« Co.: Grsat
Kerttem Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Jiotei; P&lmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNEES..Marquette Building
(Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEFHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldln*
NTW TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CaT&LTON Herald Square
BTE^-rs? OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
Ccrwr Market and Third street*; open until
1" o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, oppos.it* Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
C2T Montgomery street, corner Clay, epen until
8:30 p. m.
fcOO Hayes street: open until 9:50 p. ra.
€20 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fl5 Ltrkin etreet. open until 8:30 p. m.
Jf41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ZH'l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until
9 p. in.
IW Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JC96 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
JCortheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
JCorthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
ZZbci rnimore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter o£ Rose f-|
CROIX No. 7. A. and A. S. R.. M
C£2 Sutter Et. — Called meeting ! (Bfc 1
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING H
et 6 o'clock. Seventeenth de- Jj
irree. Visiting breihrtn cordially \|
invited. _J
CHAS. JELLINEK. Bee.
UOUNT 3JORIAH Lodre No. 44. F. o
and A. 51. — Called meeting THIS W
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at ":30^^\
o'clock. Third degree.
TKEO FROLICH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. O
M— Third decree THIS (WEDNES- 'VVr*
tAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp- /V\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
triESION Lodee No. 169. F. and m
A. M— Special meetln* THIS <*JL»
fWEDNESDAT> EVENING at 7:30 yO\
o" clock. First deeree. f--T-.^
R. E. ALLAN, Eecretary.
CROCKETT Lodre No 139. F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES- %CTr*
DATI EVENING at 7:15 o'clock. By
order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Eecretary.
MORSE I-rfxi^e No. 257. 1. O. O. .^-m^..
F.— Initiation THIS EVENLXO. /^S'SwSk
July 1" Oth»r very important
business. Visitor* cordially In- *^5S5r^^
vited. GEO. F. McMANITS, N. G.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society — The (i^kh
picnic committee will nv?et THURS- V\ x \\¥
DAY EVENING. July 14. to arrange «\'I
for our ecmin* ar.y,\ja! t'.rr.ic. August t{\^Kt
7. To be held at Fhellmound Park. S~lCS
P. DEASY. Chairman.
J. Fl'LLIVAN, Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, cMce of
Fecretary, New York. June 15. 1301. Notice
to rtockhclders.
To the Stockholder* of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice Is hereby riven that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
ct a meeting: this day held called a special
tr.eetlng of the stockholders of said company
to convene at the effire of the company in
Beecfcrr.ont, Jefferson County, f Kentucky, O a
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July, 1904,
et 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time., to consider
end act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at said meeting In substantially the form
«xd to the e&ect following, viz: ,
"Resolved <1). that the capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be Increased one
hundred millir-n dollars by issuing on© million
additional ehares of the par value of one hun-
ired dollars esch."
"Resolved (2). that the iiald Increased stock
ehall be preferred etock; that the holders of
«uch preferred rtock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each fiscal year at euch rate not ex-
ceeding seven per cent per annum, payable
remi-annually out of the net profits, as ehall
be declcred by the board of directors before
acy div-dend shall be declared on the common
rtock; that soch dividends shall be non-cumu-
lative; that the holders of such preferred stock
shall not fcy \irtue thereof bo entitled to any
ether or further share of the profits of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise the holdera
ct preferred stock thall be entitled to have
their tharea redeemed at p«r before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
pany shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock; that paid preferred stock shall be
Issued and sold from time to time to such
• mount* and in euch manner aa the board of
Electors may authorize and determine but
«t not lees than the par value of the ehares -
that it rhail be convertible Into common stock'
share for ehare. at the option of the holder*!
«t any time; and shall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time after
the first day of July, 1&05. and before the first
day of July, 1910, at one hundred and fifteen
dollars per ehare."
"Rerolved (3). that the board o? director!
ehall be and they are hereby authorized to es-
tablish, from time to time, and enforce all
such rules and regulations respecting the is-
sue, sale, redemption and conversion of such
stock, not lncon£istent herewith, as In the
Judgment of the board may be necessary or
expedient."
For the purpose of euch special meeting the
etock transfer books of the company will h#
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p m and '¦
reopened Thursday, July 21. 1904, at io o : clock
a. tn.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
ANNUAL meeting — The Rl&don Iron and Loco- '
v motive Works — The annual meeting of th«
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive W*rks. for the election of trustees for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
othtr business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 298 St*uart street. San Fran-
?£S°' •« MONDAY, the 1st day of August.
-•4.'*. at ii a. m.
AL'GL'STTS TAYLOR. Secretary.
6PR ECKELS Sugar Company. NOTICE OF*
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
riveting or the stockholders of the Spreckcls
Sugar Company will be held at the office
of tne company. 327 Mark-t st, San Fran-
rUco. en MONDAY, the 25th day of July.
l»0t, at tn* hour of 11 a. m .. for the pur-
pose of ejecting a board of directors to serve
for the eneuing year and for the transaction
?h el if h « tlKr -SS sln f M ** may come before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
on Friday. July 22. 1904. at 3 p in
. ¦ W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
MONTEREY County Water Company. Notice
of annual meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held «t the
.office of the company. 327 Market st San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 25th d'av of
July. 1&05, at the hour of 11:30 a. m for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for. the ensuing year and for the
transaction of euch other buslncsi ai may
come before the meeting. The transfer books
will clote on Friday, July 22. 1304, at 3 p.m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco Bo-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anl-
»"*!« w»l b« held tn the. Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 18, 1904, at 4 o'clock p. m..
. When a board of trustees will be elected.
C B. BOLBnoOK. Secretary, i
GOOD, RELIABLE CAPABLE HELP •¦^rj^r"
FREE : TO 'WANT ADVERTISERS FREE
¦ ¦•¦ ¦•¦;¦;-¦¦¦¦•• ¦¦¦txt NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL __,
BE SURE TO GET ONE Oil.. •. .
Walker's Self-Pulling Corkscrews
No imitation of contents. S j*Jlf!fl> - >* O \ Wj&*&el&
No overflow ot bottle £ J W O tiQF§^^
M^^&W REMOVES ALL KINDS OF STOPPERS AND / &M *"* Cofks '
fff CUTS THE WIRES. /
rfl TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. / - /
I XI NO PULLING REQUIRED.
I'll } SUPERIOR QUALITY. ''^^^
' Removing Aluminum Stopper. TESTED AND "WARRANTED. -'
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San ' Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until 11 p. m. j
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. - .
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. I
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .' x I
/ 615 L&rkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. Al
« /\ 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. . /|\
/ \ 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 5p. a /!\
• fes* 106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m. inTI
jtti-a] 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. |kj]
\j~i Northeast Corner Churqh and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. x . .
\j/ , Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets: open until > p. m. \!/
11/ 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. . y/
I OAKLAND OFFICE: j
I 1016 Broadway. ..- Telephone Main 1083 I
I BERKELEY OFFICE: I
2148 Center Street...- Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,-; WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE TO E-TCIlAXflE.
I25C0 EQUITY in Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unincumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property in the Rus-
sian River secticr; Berkeley property ccn-
slsts of 9-room residence, lot 45xl3t. with
stable and chicken-house; stcne walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
near school, railroad an.l electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4327. Call office.
IK YOU HAVE PROPERTY FOTt EX-
CHANGE. CITY Oil COUNTRY. IT WU.U
PAY YOU TO SEK P. C. LASSEN & CO..
4KC TENTH ST.. OAKLAND. CAL.
ALAMEDA AlWERTIS'JIEXTS
ALAXEOil STORES TO LET.
FOR rrnt — 1247 Park St.; store suitable for
plumber, carpenter. blacksmith, wagon,
maker or painter. Apply to T-43 Park st.,
Alameda. £^_-,
BERKELEY ADVERrS'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST b» so!d on account of sickness— Cottas*.
high basement; stable*, chicken houses; about
40 chickens; all kinds of tools and fumltur-;
good well cf water: fenced and cross fenced;
lot 54x215; price $1300 for all; everything ia
first-class order.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station. South '! -rk-l ¦>-.
BARGAIN — New 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,'
folding doors, nice mantel, china closet,
brick foundation. city water, stationary
¦ tubs: lot 40x120; street work done; pr+e»
$2110; terms, $ICO cash, balance $20 monthly;
this 13 a snap.
Open Sunday. O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station. Sjouth Berkeley.
2230 WARD st. — 2-story H-room house; lot V>X
135: strvet work complete: must b« sold.
1903 Virginia St.— Lot 40x100; street work
complete. Call and Inspect.
BBSIEIET ST0RE3 TOLET.
UPPER 2 stories of .1-story brick buildir.?.
opposite Berkeley station, 1 block from uni-
versity grounds; 80 rooms, arranged to suit
tenant. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAJvLAM) REAL ESTATE.
WHAT WILL YOU CHOOSE? — — —
Some stock in S. P. Milling Co.. paying
60 cents monthly on every share for mor«
than ten years.
In Oakland Crematory, raid 30 cent* divi-
dends in March. May and June.
• In the S. F. Suburban Home Builrtln? So-
ciety; Issued bonds of 5 per cent and 8 per
cent, the former sharing In the profits.
'These can be bought by full payments or
on Installments.
Also In the Metropolitan Investment Co.
of San Francisco, ft per cent and tf per cent.
Some stock in the Plnal and Brooksbir*
Oil Cos., near Santa Maria; productive wells:
selling their oil to the Standard Oil Co. at
65 to 75 cents per barrel at the wells.
Full Information furnished by W. E.
BARNARD. 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
$2S0O BUYS a cottage at cost and that Is
worth $.1300; 6 rooms, high basement, open
nickel plumbing, combination gas fixtures, 3
mantels, tinting and decorating, sideboard
built In dlning-ronm; open lawn with pa! at*
and shrubbery, driveway; street work all
complete; near schools and business center
and Key route ferry: only 27 minutes to San
Francisco; terms. $300 cash and $35 per
month; owner will not rent, prefers to sell
on easy terms; positively a great bargain and
my Instructions are to rfell; call and* ses
place: to see It means to buy It.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
JOSEPH STRAUB C3O MARKET 8T.
$1500 cash — Houses of 9 rooms. 2 attic room*;
lot 50x100: rented $30 per month, near Mar-
ket and Fourteenth st.: tine. 1
$1230— Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, between two car lines.
FOR SALE — By the owner, a modern 8-room
house: close tr>^ Santa Fe station, between
San Pablo and Grove sts. ; on sunny slda
of street: «un in every room: ea*t and soutb
bay windows; a bargain. 823 Thirty-fourth*
St., Oakland. ¦;.• ¦¦ ::
OAKLASD^tHXITriFFORJIALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ia furni-
ture. H.Schdthaas.llth «t..cor.stor«.OaklasKt.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN 612—2 cr 3 newly furnished
* rooms complete, cheapest in city.
BUSH. 2120 — Two furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 12SO— Desirable rooms tor
housekeeping; will furnish to suit.
CALIFORNIA 1304 — Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen connecting; complete; no chil-
dren; reasonable.
CAPP. 940. nr. 24th— 2 large front rooms and
kitchen. $18; two rooms $12.
DEVISADERO. 1316— front or back rooms, fur-
nished. with or without hsekpg; reasonable.
EDDY, 1829— t sunny connecting rooms, newly
and handsomely furn. complete: absolute)/
clean; fine garden and yard; rent $27, in-
cluding all gas.
ELLIS. 1223 — Elegantly furnished sunny suite,
with kitchen; also single rm.; very rea.«.
FELL. 120 — Sunny furnished housekeeping;
rooms and double parlon; gas and phone.
FOURTEENTH. 773 — Two handsome unfur-
nished rooms, light housekeeping; prlv. family.
GEARY. 023^ — Elegantly furn. sunny suite oa
parlor floor; new carpeta: piano; yard: reas.
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny, corner, unfurnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; gaa; bath; phone,
etc. ; adults.
GOUGH. 6CU — 3 sunny front rooms, regular
kltcnen. prlv. bath and laundry; reasonable;
also room fcr light housekeeping or 2 gents.
HAIC-HT. 222— Three nicely furnished hous«-
kfeplng rooms for couple; phone; references.
Call 1 to * and 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON, 713 — $11 and $12 suites complete
for hgkp.; gas, laundry; 1 front s'inny rm.$&
HAYES. 706 — Two well-furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping; very reasonable.
HAYES, 974 — 2 beautifully furnished sunny
bay-window housekeeping rooms, with con-
necting kitchen: running water.
HOWARD. 1971 — Young couple will rent part
of flat; furnished; new and modern; cheap
to right party; young couple preferred.
HOWARD. 2000, nr. 16th — Two or three sunny
rooms; furnished for housekeeping; gas, bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plae— •
Eunny. furnished 3-room 'suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted : fre» baths: ratss reas.
LANGTON. 51 — Three sunny rooms for house-
keeping; no children.
LARKIN, 804 — Single sunny front room, $3;
large back room, $0.
LARKIN, 1007. cor.Post— The Cragburn. 11. Bur-
Hneame.prop. ; rmi., single A hkpg.apartnMnta.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Cat*
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms? rea».
OAK. I IT, 638 McAllister — Rooms, compiata;
$5 to $12: gas range, hot bath; adults.'
O'FARRELL. 1394-1395 — New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced rates.
PEARL. 3, cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children; phon*.
POST, 1S12A. rear house — 3 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms. R, COOK.
SOUTH PARK. 128 — * unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
TAYLOR, 911— Furnished suite, gas range.
$12 50: X sunny room, gas rang*. $7; singl*
room %9.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell 11 St.— Partly fur-
nished bay-window suite; always sunny;
also complete housekeeping rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 174. near Howard— $8; S un-
furnlshed rooms for housekeeping; adult*.
THREE unfurnished rooms to let. Inquire R.
COOK. 1S12A Post St.. rear hou.«e. ¦
APAKTaoGirr noxraza.
BT. CECD1.E. 113 Fsll. above Van Ness av«.—
The acme of . perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished '3-room apartments, with prirat*
laths, steam heat. el«-% light. <I«t.. gas raagg.
SENTINEL (The). 879 Turk, adjacent Jefferson
Square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and I
rooms, ready for occupancy: phone East 917.
A— WHITEFIELD. 122S McAllister; ele. sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A— ROSSWELL. 13C0 Pine. nr. Hyde— Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
jj Ki.i* xy A y r nS^***J'Vj— c_q».
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Emp. AgentsT~
42a Bush st. 042 Clay St. :
V FOR SHASTA COUNTY.
50 laborers around sawmill, $2 25 day.
:: rough carpenters with tools, $3 a day.
Pick and shovel men, woodsmen, woodcut-
ters, tiemakers, board $20. |2, $2 25 a day.
Nevada. Nevada. Nevada.
Teamsters, $2 80.
Laborers. 5^ CO.
" Your fare refunded In 20 days.
Timber framers for R. R. tunnel, $3 50.
2 carpenters, linlshers, ?4 a day.
Rivet heaters, oil tanks, south, $2 found.
Woodchopi)cr8, $1 25 a cord. • •
Gorman, Swede^or English man for private
place, country, see boss here. $30.
Cooks, waiters, porters, bellboys, city and
country, $15 to $00.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Emp. Agents,
423 Bush st. 642 Clay st. '
LUNCH waiter. 434 Fifth st. ' - .V
ALL'. ' ,- ,',- ¦¦;
Men to learn the BAKBER TRADER : only '
eight weeks lequired; positions secured; cou-
fctant practice and expert instruction;- special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. J835 Clay st.
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat iflan to
take charge of a hat department in a? store
situated not far from San FramMseo! would
prefer an • unmanned man from 25 to 30 ;
years of age. Address box 1802, Call offlce.
WANTED—Gentleman of courteous and phas-
ing address to act as floor walker in a large
mercantile establishment; must have best" of
references. Apply box 2202. Call office. ¦
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Ccyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing;; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Katton ave.. Et. Louis, ' Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Gpverntaent positions. "Apply for free cata-
logue giving particular*.'. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c. to 60c per night.
THREE young men to do Janitor work outside
school hours !n exchange for tuition. Cali-
fornia Business College. 925 Golden Gate ave,
TWO young men and two young ladies, agents
for rapid celling article; big money. 214 t»lns
st.>. room 20, 11 to 12 o'clock. •
MEN and women to learn barber trade In flvs
weeks: new method. HAIGHT, 647 Com-
mercial st.; paid while 'learning.
TRY our men's shoes, union fliade,. at $1 and
$1 Eft pair; foot-rorm shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d Ft., Exam. bid.
'. ENERGETIC.' hustling man of good address.
Apply 121 Geary St., room 62*. > -
BOY to feed Job press; experienced. EDWARD
KNOWLES COMPANY, 24 Second st.
WANTED— Man and wife as cook and waiter;
25 to 30 men. 1S14 San Bruno ave.
BARBER, 12 months' experience, wants steady
place. Address box 1901. Call offlce. .
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 519
Filbert st.
JEWELERS wanted. 328 Bush st. room 4,
third floor.
WANTED — Man to do janito* work for his
tuition In S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battcry St.. S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy, r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green' hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson et.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty..E.A.Bull!s, r.40. Phelan bldp.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st;.: near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of ad\ertlsetnents and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
• Open until 11 p. m .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HELP WAIETTED— SAXEgaTEIT.
SALESMEN — Three salesmen for Rand, Mc-
Nally & Co.'s new reversible map' of the
United States and world; size 66x46 Inches;
one side shows county map, of the U. S. and
Canada, and the other large-scale, up to date
map of the world: locates accurately Panama
canal and main battlefields in Russo-Japan-
ese war; one of the best sellers we have ever
placed on the market: salesmen making from
$18 to $30 ptr week; new plan of work which
does away with the old system of canvassing;
a splendid opportunity for men who desire to
engage In work that they will find congenial,
pay liberally and furnish permanent em-
ployment; experience not necessary; energetlo
work Is what counts; write for descriptive
circular and terms to agertts.' RAND Mc-
NALLY A CO.. Chicago. 111. -. *
HORSES AND WAGONS.
BAY horse for sale; weight about 1150 lbs;
perfectly sound and gentle; 7 years old. Box
3281. Call offlce.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies^ carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st. ,
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR SALE— A very stylish saddle horse; sin-
gle-footer. Box 3221, Call office.
BUSINESS buggy for sale. Box 3293 Call
offlce.
NEW and second-hand wagons all kinds at
1615 Market st.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreye, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 16th- Valencia.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1001
Valencia st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
I BRODERICK, 1015— Handsome single 2-story
modern residence, C very large sunny rooms,
servant's room; ample grounds; rent $30.
UjJJj;'hKal '»'«• l.K't— .Kl'R.NiSHKn.
FURNISHED house to let; 8 rooms and bath:
convenient to car lines; nice garden. 2965
Washington st. ,, ¦ * "-.
TO let — Furnished house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheap to reliable party; must give reference.
1-170 Eleventh ave.. Sunset District. . ¦
HOISKS FURNISHED— .FOR SALE.
COZY flat; 5 rooms, bath; completely furnish-
ed; cheap rent. 1264 Guerrero st.. flat A.
EIGHT-ROOM furnif hed house for sale; in
Western Addition. Box 3298, Call ¦ offlce.
HOUSES WASTED. '
WANTED — To rent house or flat from 12 :
rooms and up: centrally, located; suitable for
rooming house. Box 2216, Call office.
IXVEST3IK.\TS. \
i A^« PER CENT GUARANTEED ~""~~ !
Or 6 per cent and Participation In Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
6AN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
- HOME BUILDING SOCIETY
708 Market st.. S. F. Cal ' '
DIRECTORS. ;
Hon. James G. Masuire. ex-U.S. Congressman'
Hon. Euw. K. Taylor, ex-State 8enator. • !
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. MurdocVf A Co.
Allen M. Clay, Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard, General Manager
HUGH CRAIG. Secretory and Cashier.
' See dividend notice. In this issue.
nSTVAIiXD CHA1BS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of '
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 775 i
LO8T ANJ> KOUMJ. j ~.
FOUND— Tho next thres . months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must cell; 2 stores,- 311 Sutter and 1*>O4
Eutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
WILL lady who found bandbox corner Fell and
Flllmore sts.. return ¦ same to " 2121 Laguna
st. and receive liberal reward? • ¦ . °
LOST— Sunday, in or . near Golden Gate Park
lady's-aola watch with; diamond • settin*-
liberal reward. 1830 Fell st. , , ' *'
LOST— A diamond ' sunburst Saturday evening
-He turn to 121 Eureka it. and receive reward!
JHONT3Y TO I.OAS — Conttnn*«l.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. . S. K. Collateral Loan Bank:, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V.-. TREMAIN.' room 81, 6 Eddy st.
lHr PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL,- 609 Examiner building.
%'¦: MUSICAL -'INSTRUMENTS.'.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month •
. up'ward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and . liberal treatment. ' SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560-62-64 Hayes St.
A FEW goo j uprights, returned from rent, |
comprising such makes as Chickerlng, Vose, <
Steinway, Steck, Sterlins, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Haines and many others; prices rea-
ponable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 10 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up_ apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary st. ; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
FOR sale, cheap— Fine upright piano at 3172
Twenty-third St., near Howard.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
ntw; $135. 237 Geary st. .
$60 FOR a fine upright. . If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
'GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 'monthy pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickerlng baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe'B. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AKD STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 916 — To rent for term of years.' one-
half of store-room; best ' retail location In
San.-Francisco Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post St.
PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like thlsT Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
DR..ROWELI/8 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk at., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp;, no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at -druggists'. hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years 1 experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly confl-
dentlal. Box 3234, Call offlce.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) .speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc:; easily worn; $2 60 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and. trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
. trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traver8e,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 368 Sut-
ter, ~r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary. room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. . GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PALMISTRY.
A — MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. : phone Polk 4B11.
gATJsarra.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGISONs.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residency
1021 V6 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 & Market «t
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese "herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PROPOSAXS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
July 2ii. 1904, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the -navy
yanis. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., as specified, a quantity of deck
'scrub brushes, green baize, braid, Irish
linen, curled hair, broken stone, sand, lime,
.brick, glass, Iron and brass nut9, etc., lag
screws, washers, Allroad bolts, screws, nails,
copper brads and tacks, steel wire, locks,
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools,
grindstones, shovels, Port Orford 'cedar, Ore-
gon pine -plank and piles, redwood, shingles,
sugar pine, flr, doors, bar iron, slab zinc,
corrugated sheet steel, sheet. tin, solder, etc.,
rails, rosin, lampblack, phosphide of cal-
cium, gasoline, polishing paste, petrolatum,
damar varnish, cast iron pipe and fittings,
valves, pea beans, string beans, tinned corn,
tinned peas, tinned tomatoes, tinned lard,
tinned roast -beef, tinned corned beef, tinned
.-- ham, pickles, salt, tea, rice, evaporated
cream, tinned biscuit, macaroni, prunes,
rubber bands, blank books, press copy books,
miscellaneous stationery, ink", erasers, pen-
cils, tags, wrapping paper and typewriter
paper. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the navy pay offices, San
FrancUco. Cal., and Seattle, Wash. H T
B. HARRIS, Paymaster General, U. S N
' 6-23-04.,.
SAK-FRANCISCO, Cal., July 12, 1904.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received hers
until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27, 1904, and then
.opened; for construction of wharf at Dis-
charge Camp, Angel Island, Cal., Including
" coal . shed thereon; Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or alt bids in
¦whole or In part. Information! furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster Qencral.Chlef Quartermaster.
DIVIDE!*!* 'NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco, at a regular meeting
of the board of directors of this bank, held
July 5, 1904, a dividend was declared for
the half, year ending June 30, 1904. at th»
rate , of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
I able on and after the 15th inst.; transfer
I . books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
.Inst.. botfedays Inclusive. • ¦'¦
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6, 1B04.' v
DIVIDEND NOTICE — San Francisco and Sub-
' urban Home : Building 8ociety, fifth floor
' ¦ Mutual . Savings Bank building, 708 Market
.St.. opposite .Third — For the half year end-
ing June 30.' 1U04. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating: cer-
tificates, > free from ¦ taxes, payable, on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904. % . • :^
. s - JOSEPH A. LEONARD; Manager.
HUGH CRATG. Secretory and Cashier.
SEWING, MACHINES; AXD SUPPLIES.
I DON^TBOrin^VBU^r^rNE^^O^rET^^^"
. Send us a postal and our agent will call and
i 'trade for your old sewing machine; we have
a lot ; of slightly shop- worn Whites that we
shall sell quick at 1-3 and H- regular prices;
this is the sewing machine bargain oppor-
¦¦* tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co.,-. City offices,' 300 Post St.; 1841 Flllmore
st.,: and i-708' Valencia st. : t i . r •
I DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
1* cheapest; ¦ second-hand all . makes at any
, price; all kinds rented lowest , rates. Domes- \
';/. tic office. ¦' 1021 Market st..' near Sixth. :;•
NEW HOME — Se» our new triple-feed /na-
¦ chines; -silently used: $10. $15. $20; second-
"hand, $3. $3. $8; all .styles; guaranteed. Ntw
'. ¦ Hems Sewing Machla* • Co.. XOU Market' st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOll ."ALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We lead in Sales of Choicest lots
At Lowest Prices.
New Blocks in Oceanslde. Sunset and Rich-
mond.
Now Is your opportunity! See them at once!
$50O to $1200 — Incomparable Oceanside lota:
graded, ready for building; superb view from
every lot;. fronting H st. car line,
f * CANNOT BE DUPLICATED.
ALL BARGAINS'. EASY TERMS!
Oceanslde branch offlce, corner H st. and
47th ave. ; open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000 — Best Sunset lots; streets
graded and sewered: $10 monthly.
1 $300 to $600 — Cheapest Richmond lots, front-
ing California st. and--new electric car line;
also near new Spreckels Lake and park; in-
stallments! ' . /
**
$150 ta $400— Level Excelsior Hd. lots; $5
monthly.
$1000 to $1000 — Modern cottages in Sunset,
' Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
I stead.
LOW PRICES! EAST TERMS!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. Chronicle building.
REAL estate for sal« by C. fi. CAPP & CO..
Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
Pine,,, bet. Mason and Taylor; lot nearly "0
feet front; old Improvements In good order and
permanent tenants; a bargain ; should be im-
proved.
California and Pierce; a corner lot with six
good houses; well rented: permanent tenants.
Golden Gate ave., bet. Pierce and Scott; lot
25x137:6; house of 10 rooms in flats.
Corbett road, near Ashbury; lot 26x100, with
a good pair of flats; 4 and 3 rooms and bath;
rents $24; a barkaln.
McAllister, bet. Pierce and Scott: lot 25x
137:6; anything built there will rent; first-
rate neighborhood; cneapest lot in the vicinity.
Sanchez, bet. 17th and ISth. west side; lot
EOxlCO; wide street: street work done; for sale
at a bargain.
Florida, bet. 22th and 26th; lot 40x100; for
sate at a bargain.
Broadway and Polk, NE. cor.; lot 61:3x
101:6; Improvements rented low to permanent
'tenants.
Post, bet. Octavla and Lacuna; lot 23:10x
90; fine lot for flats.
Berkeley — New home of 11 rooms and bath;
adjoining university grounds.
CO acres in heart of Mill Valley; finest site
for a hotel; level land, with timber; handy to
railroad; In full view of Mount Tamalpais.
WHY NOT OWN A HOME?
Here U a. chance to get a fine building 1 lot in
San Francisco; splendid marine view; no
sand: city water; church and school privi-
leges; 20 minutes to center of city; 6-mlnute
car service: only $125; $1 per week; no In-
terest. ALTADENA INVESTMENT SYN-
DICATE, room 312 Mutual Savings Bank
bid?.. 70S Market St., San Francisco, Cal;
phone John C071. ' - ;
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots In tha Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANT,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callachan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest oa
each $1000 of balance due, making: your In-
stallments leaafthan rent; send for circular.
3250 DOWN and $20 per month; cottage, 5
rooms and bath; 219 Twenty-seventh st.
$500 down, and $30 per -month; house of 8
rooms and bath; 5 rooms; rents for $25
per mo. D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
$200— CHEAP lot near Ashbury and Seven-
teenth. Apply 133 Valencia st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MATER> plumbers. 83g Howard st.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
HEAL KSTATK Conntry — For Sml:
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. ' > "-':¦
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
SO per acre — 3600 acres, comprising the finest
stock ranch In Humboldt County; finest ranch-
house in the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crossfenced; good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; several
thousand sheep, 100 head of cattle at market
price; 2000 acres more land If desired.
$2600 — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
bered pasture; 4-room house; large barn; run-
nine water.
$3250 — In town of Petaluma; 2*4 acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood-
ers; 2 wagons, harness, horse, Jersey cow;
450 hens; all in fruit; 20,000-galIon reservoir;*
photos at offlce.
$6500 — On Marsh Creek, near Llvermore; 680
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon shed, poultry
houses; water piped to buildings. v
$1400—8 acres; 2>i miles of Sebastopol; 4
acres berries, 1 acra orchard, balance crops;
4-room house, barn, spring- wagon; tools; fur-
niture; part I cash.
$C5C0 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
ern machinery; water power; capacity 10.000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half cash or lumber- at market price.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500—2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acres
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns,
poultry -houses; 2 acres assorted fruits.
$1300— Near Sonoma City; ihit acres; family
orchard; new bouse, barn, poultry houses; over
201) chickens.
$2700 — Lake County. 8 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; 40 under
cultivation: 20 acres alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; 6-room house, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100 — i acres fin* land near Haywards; 3-
room house; Junction 2 roads; great place for
roadhouse.
- $2500 — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co.;
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling 1000 acres range; it acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming implements; see this quick.
$2500 — In Sonoma Co., near boat and cars;
162 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries: 6-room house,
a'l furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagons,
harness, tools, cow. poultry; ,$200 job It de-
sired. \ V
ALFALFA LANDS.
(10O per acre— One mils of Modesto; S acres
up; U cash.
$50 per acre — S miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up; Vi cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on tha Woodbrldg*
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
'We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$20 per acre — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for irrigation; Placer Co.. one mils of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch In Placer
Co.; 16S0 acres: at railroad station; S00 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming implements, 90 cattle, 12
horses; part cash.
$4500—30 acres. l\'i miles o? town. Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$S50 — 3 miles of Geyserville: 2*i acres; H-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard: oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$6500 — lOti acres; 5 miles from San Jose; 14
acres level hay land; 7 ¦ acres foil bearing
prunes; 7-room house, bath. well, windmill
and tank.
$3750— Sonoma Co.. one mile of fine town; 10
acres all in peaches and prunes, with fln*
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage. S
rooms and bath, well, windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom; the real thing.
I $10,000— On Alum Rock, ave.. 3 miles of San
Jose: 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
doing plant; nice. 5-room cottage, grounds,
stables; electric cars pass door; income $2000;
would take clear bay property in exchange.
$1500— Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.- 4
acres Russian River bottom land; nons finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn; great poultry
farm; easy terms.-
$2750—160 acres fine foothill . land In Contra
Costa Co.. near Clayton; 80 acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn;
water piped to buildings: family orchard; part
cash. .:'-''.
- Send stamp for the , largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLET.
- Successors to
W.J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery rt., room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ALFALFA lands, .stock ranch** orchards.
- vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent fnw. C. It. WOOSTSR CO.. Ui
livktt »k . ,
FUTSTOLET. , ,
a*a 1 — house bSStikc depaiitIsemt:
All dc*:ra.M<r vacant ii.utt» and il:.t* ar« ii*t- j
t-d In our Jree rrntitia <ieijartmeat: «jv«t l'j>.*> j
in cumber: a ton.blr.ed l:st from all agencies; j
let us gi^e you a list ar.d help you to naU 1
: .. » . •? HWHWl! wrvlee fn*c.
STERLING "FURNITURE CO.
> 10CJJ MARKET ST
OPPOSITE McALLISTe'r.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immerse list;
n-rMce absolutely free: take advantage of
tn* aepartir.cnt: it will save you time and
iruufc:.-. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 215-2^a
(Jtaiy »i.. ca tii« square.
FF.F.DKmCK. 324-K»6— Two c'.rgrantly finished
T.rv flat*. 5 rooms cacli; nil latest improve-
ir.er.ts: rtnt. lower fiat $32 SO, upper" $33.
ArplT SCO Frederick st. • T^
NOE. J(T.O— Heaudrul e»t flat; eunny corner:
.¦ racsM B:.d bath; all mMern Improvements-
«-<--r.v«>ni»T.t to ("astro end 24th Ktr^t ears.
CFVTRAL «v».. C7. c^r Wa'.Iel : IIi'Jnny uprTr
up-to-dst,. rlet; c larse rocrr.» and bath;
reasonable.
KS FrTKENTHTsCM^S^u^jy flats to 1st: 4
rr>o-r.i. and bath. $22 M; 5 rooms and bath.
*.i: k*y st prem!i>«s.
CBOVC 7»A— T^wer Cat. four rooms, bath, I
vard. light sunny; adults. ;
GUOVE. 7»O — Modern middle Hat « rooir*
*>«tfr: adults. EASTON. ELDRIDGE.
HARRISON. rc»-Flr.e. modern, new flat of C
JTfacsaa; reasonable to responsible party.
KKVT comer flat of 6 rooms, bath: nicely tint-
»-J: yjn a!I day; $.*0. Lyon and Fulton sts.
>.'»¦:/ m.T r,«-w- upprr fist; 4 r.->om» and bath.
:^c-i Tehaiea «t.
F1I.I.M0RE. ::24. corner— 7 large, light rooms
rnd Mth; mofiera; rent J40. .
BHQTVYEuZ 12— Sunny lower flat 4 rooms,
bath and yard; $1S. . '
WCKKT. new!>ro<5ern 5 rooms; yard: rent rea-
eonab'». I0O6 Capp «... near Twenty-nfth.
n.KCANT fcuy-wlndow flat: 8 rootr.s; bath.
TSt.'j Minna »*.., rear Ntsth. •
121 — 6 P.OOMS; bsth: laundry: modern; sunny:
t^?-:tirul. 334 Cumberland. b*t 19th a^d 20th.
FKLL. TtSZ. near Octavla — Modem sunny lower
flat. 5 Tr>otns and bath.
I-/.RGFTST il*t of house* arid flat* to let. Call
I .YON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
PXVTK TO I.KT — FlItXISHKD
HAIGHT. 128S, Burna Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elegantly furnished Cats; also unfurnished:
tecs* has all conveniences end is situated ia
wect nel«hborhocd.
BKI-VITDHTRE. 141, off Halpht— Newly fur-^
ntf-hod flat, 5 rooms, lath, garden; reason-'
ehle: from 10 to 4.
CAPP. 014 — 5 punny fier'.raMe roomB; iras and
rial ranee; piano.
FLATS FOIl SALR Pl'R.MSHED.
r*I'RNJPHED fiat. « room?, for «aJe; sunny
ar-.d on oar lino, pnx :;2S7. Call office.
FTRN1FHKD nv*Vrn flat. 6 rooms, fcr sale-
rent S-2 SO. Pix 3W?, Call offlse.
FLTE-ftOOai flat, furnished, for sale. Address
b« x :>?i:7. Call offlr*>.
FlKMTinE WAXTSP.
ABE LEVY. --— - •-—•
Falesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jecsie 761.
Dcn't eill your furniture, carpets, office fur-
'.ituri-. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LLVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
Tj:rjrf.cnrr*?s.»-tc 7S2 Mission: tel P.;i*h 413.
FtKMTlRE FOR SALeI
"VOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $i 50 per week. T. Brilliant**
Furniture Co., S40 Post St.. near PowelL
Arflei on Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the hou.v: low prices
FURNITURE, etovec bought, sold, exchanged.
narp«r. 429 Va!encla.nr.l6th.Tel.Church 387»
HELP VV.INTI-I) FEMALE.
WANTED — Kiret-claFs Grrmaji cook. city. $40;
2 -waitresses, prli-ate boarding-houses, city
end countrj-, $20 and $25; German or French
»v>ok, shrrt distance. $40; nurye. ."» months
ba!*y. $25; parlor maid and waitrws, $-'{0;
French, maid, some sewing, $.'t'>; German
chamber^ maid, private family. t2T>; man and
wife, miners' boarding-house dining-room.
f <*>. s»>e r«arty here; second girl, $2T>; cock on
ianrh. $30; 2» 4tirls. general housework, city
»nd country, $1.0, $25 and $.10. Apply to J.
K. ri'.dSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress ; private
family; sy*; references.
A cook lor private family: $40.
A cjok tor small resort; $.15.
A laundress for private family; $30.
A pecontl sir!; *2O; city place. MISS PLUN-
!¦'. KTT. 425 Sumer street, near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS, institution. $55; second girl.
>:af». $20; German nurse, I child. 5 years
old; hmiee girl, $30; cook, $30; woman with
a rh'.'d as hous«ke*per, $15; nurse girl, $15.
Mil*. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
— — _ _
TTOMKN and girls to work on fruit; clean,
healthy place; higher wages paid than by any
ether canntr. Code-Portwood Canning Co.,
ttryant tad Tenth ets.
A — WANTED — Girls to l-arn hairdressmg.
MtrttfWltog. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
su 2 weeif ; tuition $5 to those entering now:
. ¦• ros'.ticru to fill Immediately''; positions
ru&re».ntee<1 at $10 per week up; leading
t^h.y.l in Wygt. 233 Geary 6t.. room 13.
A— GIRLS tc learn tnUlicery bow for fall sea-
• en; both seasons tau£ht from st:rt to finish
In 1 rr.cnth for $15; position a* trimmers,
ts.!es<:a<Jie*. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up:
<»>• and evening class. 113 Stockton st.. r. 13.
ll*irarc«,inj. manlcurirg. rr.3s.-aKc scaip treat-
tae= t. hair work, removal superfluous ..air; $5 2
wk*. : cay, eve. class; petition secured, highest
>»iCft-. lieraovej from lsu Mkt. to 1S3 PowelL
EXPEP.inNCHD MilcstaUy for ladies' ncck-
wear dc-r&rtment: nice position for person of
experience and ability; state experience and
salary «:pected. Ecx 11)12. Call office.
GLOVEKS — JJxpeKenced banders and binder*:
alr» apprentices; steady. CARSON GLOVE
«.'O.. 1^3 Second st.
GIRLS to sew 011 buttons acd hooks and eyes
_cn v.-Elsts. KONICSTKIX. 2S First st.
WAK'I'EU — Middlc-arcd woman for country
. P** !n cochins. Call 2512 Folsom. mornings.' 1
EJSART plrl as cashier; must understand !
Looi.kfjepinir; $7 wotk. Bex 1911. Call.
liP.IGHT. active girl to *?11 goods in bakery
til'j Kcaray rt.
MIDDLE-AGED lady rs housekeeper for
widower aid child in CoJma. Apply 200!)>i
I UHBCFSJ et. ¦ - - .a
ViAXTTD— Espfrienced corset noiran to ro to
HAJ^JtOflF! bCtWe * n ° enU " '• "• "
MIDr-Ln-AGED American woman to <5o house-
f 13; Amerieta family of 2. 371 Minna.
P 'r.^£ * L ante<i - F - MALLOYE. %22 Sacra-
T affi.rS! performers. Apply at
mule*, r, p.rn, Mfdnesday: salary no cbj-ct.
"* w^Pr 1 /^^? 1 ' 1^ ou " r -«: P»<* hops in August."
, r>tr K Cl ' m^' Horst. 122 Battery rt..fi.V.
J^^PJ^VAvri:j>-_iiAJ.i:.
ror redwood, ilo and lound ; :j carpenter" *4
fur'nVr SS) 1 " fti W > fe ' F» •**%£&
turner. $oO and fctin<:: tlacksrnith helper-
J. F*. CROSETT^fc^jC^^^rrj^ntArt
WAITER and wife. $<» aad found' waiter
country hotel. K.-.0 and lounj waiter coun-
try restaurant. $r. and foucd- Vllvlr man
WANXrD-Ne&t waiter for rice country res-
taurant and «Te. JM and found and fan,
RKD GROSS niIPLOVMEN'f~A V" fwt —
C02 Ciay st-: phone James «47a '
15 teamsters «•> ro ,»«.«
SO laborers |; 52 5^
Z, railroad laborers ., $2 rt«J
P woodsmen ;.'.Vtta ?,v
3 t'e men. 1J cents DO.tle. - y
3 Voodchoppers. 2-f»ot wood.. '... «•> c^ r .
4 carp*i:t« V fcelp«-.rs " ' J 2 Va
1 cook, country hotel. y.Q month "and foan?
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Mcntyomerv r i«»
Barman. $7.' ; Ftcward. $"»<.!; waiter $ r :6- dish"
Wi»htr, $30; hrad waiter and wife 'to do
ixjr.zry wcrlc, tZO. "%MB
A "BUTLER fnr stcafly ©lace in city; fiio^ei'ii
Hftf.r 10 this a. m. MISS PLUXKETT w
CuUtr tU near PweU. -T ~? : ; \] ,
I.APWCHE3 X 1 OB gTBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co.,Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
lnc * excursions. 6 Steuart at. ; tel. John 2688.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL. ~
LADIES desirins safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my, methods,
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
3 orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' • experience In all fe-
malo disorders;. call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market *t.. rooms 7 and 8.
! MRS DR. W YETH; specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- j
¦ male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
' • lief, guaranteed. 1008V6 Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are" sick or
* In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st.
MRS DR. GWYER. having secured lease of '
premises, is permanently located at S11A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. -SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround: safe." cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugsles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of • treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom St., cornar
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. -
~ MIXES AXD JHININQ •
WANTED— Parties to Join in placer and
qUartz gold proposition; can be readily In-
vestigated. Call or write 225 Parrott build-
ing, city. - • . •¦'".;¦¦'•-¦• |
WANTED — Grub stake by two. experienced
prospectors and miners; If you have'lesitl-
mate propositions we are your men. Box
1771. Call office. ' * .
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay; '
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofa
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shaftins, etc., - etc., bought, sold,
rented and. exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H, S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »L
A — FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orlg-'
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMETCS. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
. small . weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, eents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 BO hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to Op. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO" pair;
foot-rorm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
. charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.:. catalog free.
$3. SINGER sewlnir machine for sale; in nice
condition. COS Ellis st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021^. Market st.
FOR sale— 3 small puppies 11 weeks old (I fox
terrier); healthy; pretty. 420 O'Farrell st.
2WX) FEET patent chimney pipe; second-hand
lumber of all kinds at 8 Valencia St.
ANTIQUE mahogany furniture^ at 1517A San-
chez; always on hand; cheapest place to buy.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store, til McAllister st.
HOMERS, Runts, Runt crosses; Al squab rais-
ers; stamp for cata. C WUson.229F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand: price*
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bad-
galupl, moved to 7S6 Mission st. - ¦
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; same
new; 10x16. 319 Third St.; tel. MaTn 413.
EOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFE8 — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.*^,
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. -, ¦
GASOLINE^, engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins,- dia-
monds gents' full dress aulta, etc.; send
J postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles'
and gents' castofT clothing -.postal. 913 Folsom..
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. TeL
Davis $25; t&0 Sacramento at.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1B4 9th it.; tel. Jessie 2831.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 672 M lesion; phone Bush 467.
'MONEY WANTED. .
WANTED $700; security, select suburban lots;
Interest 9 per cent. R. T., box 3270.. Call.
MONEY TO LOAJf.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased. .
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦
•-. ? ; WILL LOAN
¦ A reasonable amount on
1st. ' 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or " . ¦
Chattels, in city, town
or "country.
Low rate of interest.
:' : <^': Give full particulars >.¦'?
Of property or chattels.
. \ ' ' . Location," etc.
• • Box 490, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confldontlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 458. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtalrl\
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
p<*r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M« Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. It) Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof vault Is protected
Irom : burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned ¦ to .'salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
, security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, t>53 Parrott bldg.
THE United. Loan and Trust ! Co.. 21 Stockton
st. ' (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute; privacy. . , Phone . Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market . st.
> LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. .
' 1 PER^ent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; .no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery. Bt..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold," silver^
diamonds, 4 pearls and « precious stones bought
at W. J.xHESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. > :-¦¦
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
Ufa policies, etc.- United Loan and
¦Trust Co.; 21 Stockton st. - . ••.
TO salaried . people . without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed • notes "and . other security.;. g. s
. . F. .Discount Agency. 143 Pherfan. building;*
ON - real ' estate ' and chattels. E. W. LICK,
f 1003 Mutual Sav. Bank '.bIdg..-;;.,7Q8 Market.
', STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
[ employes. Room 811. Mutual Sav. - Bit bids. ,
"i^ I ~I-^Y A _y r I' D — :: MALE— ConUnnfMl,
A— MURRAY & READY. c;U-a-;!; Clay'st.~ r
Pbone Main b&is.
Leading E:ui;loymer.l ar.d Labor Agents.
W e Epeak the German, French* Italian.
Scanilin.'iViaa, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian ana
Uanis-li languages.
1003 We Gav« 1C01 We Hope to
tiO.uoO Men Work. Increase W.OOO.
He fcBs arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government.
Work being done close to Wadsworth.
In £taie of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to a!l, to you.
Cost only $1 ofhee fet, sea boss.
Muckers. $75; see boss.
Teamsters, $75; see boss.
Laborers, $75; se« boss.
Diiilerp. $00; fee boss.
Cjncnte mixers, 575; sec boss. .
<"all cariy; soe representative at our office;
flrst-cla:s food and accommodations; steady
jobs; crowds ecing dnlly; are you?
SANT4 FE R. It.
Is eood to us; we arc good to vou.
1O5O Milrs. FLORENCE. " $10 50.
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. S p. m. dally.
Urillers, $3 to $3 50. Center
Teamsters. $2 to $2 CO of
Laborers. f2 to $2 50. Great Mines. '
Ilton't be stingy with your distance; get :
closer to Los AneeW, the land of sunshine. ;
fruit ar.d flowers, where men can work every
day at big wajres.
£55 Teamsters.
$60 Month for You. -
Fare by Railroad— Only— $4 GO.
j Office Fee $1— That's All.
-I* COOKS.
Cook, hotel, mine. $43 found.
Cook. mine. Siskyou Co.; boss htre. $35 fd.
Cook, 17 boaroVrs. $45 found.
8 cooks, boarding hotels. $40 and $55 found.
4 dish ar.4 pet washers, $2ri and $30 found.
Bedmaker. country hotel, $22.50 found.
Handyman, city hotel, $40 found;
j Waiter, arm work. Fresna'Co., $40 found.
I Oyster man. n-.ake salads, $10 found.
. 2 waiters, commercial hotel, south. $30 fd.
j Walter*, fare $2. same place, $45 found.
"Waiter, first-class city hotel, $is found.
I Waiter. $1 75 fare. $S we*-k and found.
o waiters, ciiy hotels, S. F.. $.10 found
Hedmakor. country botei, $22 CO and round.
Ironcr. $12 week; mangle hand. $10 week.
MECHANICAL.
Machinists, mine. town. $3 50 day.
Wtodworker. country shop, $3 JiO day.
Wheelwright. $3 50 day.
lCntfneer for a ranch, fare $1. $60 found.
Blacksmith for mine.«$3 day.
Swamper and chain tender, woods. $45 fd.
4 laborers, lumber company $60; $30 found.
Bandsawyer, edgerman, $10 found.
18 Bhlnglers, different country Jobs.
MOLDERS.
6 iron molders; boss here.
Carr-enter and cabinet maker, stair bulldinr,
city. ?* W) day.
B'nnerle jointer, L. Co., Sonoma Co., $30. $35
found.
In>nmo!der. fare $1, foundry, $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers. $4 day, country.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare lK)c., $4 day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Grader, lumber company, north, $90.
Tall edfferman. fare $3, $2 25 day.
Gan< edgerman. lumber company.
Spooltender, lumber Co., south, $50 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
« sash and door hands. $3 to day
2 lumber traders, boss here. $90.
Lumber trailer, boss hfT<\ $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $40 found.
Gang ed^erman. L. Co., $73.
3 m«n make Haves and split staves, redwood,
boss here. «50 found: 2 screw turners; 2
carriage setters; hook tend-er; 5 shingle
MINES.
16 machine miners, $9O.
Boy to han cabinet trade, city. $4 week.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
Man run separator, 12 cows, boss here. $:!5 fd
Laborer, do little butchering, mine. $32 50 fd
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $C0 $35 $40 found.
12 farm hands. $30 found.
14 chore men, boys, $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen. $:io round, $t/). $7!>.
LABORERS — TKAMSTEJiS.
LOOK
15 laborers for a factory, . $C0.
15 laborers, city, board yourselves, $2 25 day
2 laborers, city foundry, $2 25 day.
5 hrick wheelers, south, ?«7 50.
3 hay balers, 18c ton.
22 laborers and teamsters, ?2, $2 25 day.
12 laborers for mines, you'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer co., $50 fd.
4 farmers and wives, $40, $00, $00 found.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $35 fd.
FOR A MINE.
Choreman anil wife, German or French, $C0.
MURRAY & READY, 634-«3G Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES. $4 60.
, By Santa Fe R. R.. 6 p. m. daily.
155 teamsters, $1 6O.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of oranges, lemon growers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 City st.
ITALIANS OR GREEKS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
SPANIARDS OR MEXICANS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
. AUSTRIAN'S OR SLAVONIANS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
SEE HEAD R. R. OFFICIAL. HE WILL
TALK AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
05 Third st. Contractors' Agent».
NEVADA! NEVADA! NEVADA!
The boss here guarantees to return your faro
In £0 days.
Take ad vantage of it. Big wages.
Teamsters. $2 80; laborers, $2 50.
First clam carpcnter.^.car city, $4.
Rough carpenter, city, $3.
Laborers city. $2 25.
A — AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.'
C42 Commercial st. near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833— JOHN L, DRECHSLER.
23 Greek laborers, new work, special fare,
$2 50 day; 20 Italian laborers, board them-
selves, south, SC<£ 10 laborers, Monterey Co.,
$2 25 to $2 50 day; 10 laborers in mountains,
$45 and found. We ship to Nevada, fare re-
turned 20 days. Arizona, lc mil*.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton St. — Coachman,
do chores, country. $30; man for indoor
work and care of small garden, $3O; Ger-
man chorcman for a chicken ranch. $20;
barkeeper and hotel clerk, country hotel,
$40; rosebudder, nursery, contract; porter
and cook, plain lunch. $50; saloon, etc.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
bundle wrapper. Apply HALE BROS., be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Young man who has &ad some ex-
perience in dress goods and silks to accept
a position in Sacramento. Apply at HALE
BROS., between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Foreman pattern-maker, $6 ¦ per
diem; foreman coppersmith, $0 per diem.
Navai Station, Cavlte, P. I. An examination
will be held at the navy yard. Mare Island,
Cal., July 13. 1904, to fill the above positions.
For application and further information ad-
dress "Commandant. Navy Yard. Mare Isl-
and. Cal." ¦ .
EXPERIENCED younf man wanted to take
charre of stable of 9 cr 10 horses and 5
wasons; inuet give best of references. Box
1900. Call office. '¦' - _^
EXPERIENCED accountant wanted for gen-
eral offlce work an<I credit department; state
experience, reference and salary expected.
Box 1913. Call.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men X» learn a good trade;
steady work; no night or Sunday work; $25
security needed. Apply 310^ Folsom.upstalrs.
WANTED — Hough carpenter; must have tools.
Call, between 1 and 2. to-morrow, 803 Mis-
sion St.
WANTED— 20 brick cleaners. Inquire Cali-
fornia House Wrecking Co.. NW. cor. Mis-
sion and Tenth sts.
WANTED— Steady man for offlce; light work;
$C0 month; $1CO required security. 1221 Mar-
ket st.. room 1.
FOR Sale — Country hotel barber' shop: n«ar
city; ro rrnt; price $80. H. BERNARD, 101
Kovci.th st.
YOUNG man to travel and organize; previous
experience not essential. Box 1772, Call. '
WANTED — Organizer for fraternal organiza-
tit.n : apply bet. 1 and 4. 314 Examiner bldg.
WANTED— First-class car repairer. Box
IPIO, Call offlce. :
AELE college men and high school graduates; .
apply niornlEcs. 320 Post sU -'
WANTED — Barber. Wednesday evening:. Sat^
- urdny and Sunday. 1025 Howard st. :
WANTED — A bootblack for barber shop. In-
quire 143 Larkln st.
RELIABLE raan.fCT steady, light work; pays
$20 week, 1118 Market st., room 1. . ; :
BaRBKRS — 3-ch»iir shop; no reasonable ' off er
refused. 1090 Valencia St. -.'¦-;,-¦¦ — •
GOOD paying barber shop for sale; cheap./
3147 Twenty-fourth «t. ¦'; < . ,-. >
2JCHAIR barber shop for sale; price $125;
take* in ?43 a week. 660 Folaom st.
FOR aale — 2 -chair barber shop; living rooms.
. Ci r. Sixteenth and Mission sts. .
BARBERS — For . sale, good paying . shop -in
country: angj. lofiuJre SOUS Mission st. 1
Continued oa Page .Fourteen.
BY STATING YOUR | jv j <-p y r-. :: :' </T> /S f : V: T I\ /I A T O /~\T^ TT IP /"> A I I
wants TIN J novfcUySJiinlu' Up- •rFlfe UALiCOAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk
13c: Pearl Oil. in cases. lOVic; Astral. lOVic:
Star, 19iic; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine •> 26c;
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk, 16c; in cases. 22^c: Benslne. in bulk,
13c: in cases, 194c: S6-degree Gasoline in
bulk. 25c; In cases. -31c
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75fi In drums and Iron barrels.
- RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7'J®
7?ic per lb; White Lead. 7!i@7%c. accord'ine
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $42 50@43 50 for local' use
and 541 251542 per flask for export.
8ALT— Prices to Jobbers : Bales, 90c for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy. S6.®7
per ton: Granulated., *7@7 50;. Half Ground
100-lb bags. $3 25: do. 50-lb bags $3 75- Rock
Bait. $2 85®3 in 100 and $3 25 in 00 lb' bags-
Genuine Liverpool. $14, $15 and $16 prr ton
In packages ,,f 221, 100 and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In luo.lb bags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. ( 6.06c;
Powdered. 5.90c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c- Dry
Granulated, fine,. 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.80c; Fruit Granulated, . 5.80c;. Beet Granu
lated 1 100-lb bags. only). : Confectioners'
A, 5.80c; Magnolia A. 5.40c: Extra C < 0.30c-
Golden C. 5.20c; "D," 6.10c: barrels 10c more
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. ' Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.80c; boxes. 6.55<r; H.'.& E. Crystal
Domino*. 8. &0c per lb. No orders . taken for
less. than seventy-flve barrels or Its equlvalen*
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary, wizes. $1S@19- e x*
traBlzes higher; 'Redwood. $19®23:- Lath 4
feet, $3 75<?4; Picket?, $17@25; Shingles $2 'for
No. 1 and $1 50 for: No. 2; Shakes $14 for
Split and $15 for. sawn; Rustic. $33@29 /
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 8c; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases No. 1 70c-
Bakers' AA, oases, $1 10@l 12; Lucoi 48c
for boiled and 46c for rav.-; China Nut, cases
62^4?iS0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels,
5fcc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OU. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil, Sac; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 65c
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: Ho. 1 NeaUfoot Oil
63c; light Herring Oil.' '42c: dark Herring Oil'
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c- raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
light 22®27c: Rough Leather. 24@26c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 33@39c for No. 1 and 30@33e
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c;. light 29®35c-
Skirting No. 1, 4O@42c; No. 2 3ti@3Sc- Collar
Leather. 15@16c per- foot; Trace Leather. 40®
44c; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal fin
ished. SCKgOOc per lb; Calf finished, 65c(ff$l
per lb; Wax Sides, 16® 17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. S@10c per lb
TANBAKK — Ground. $25@2S per ton; etick
$16 6O@1S per cord. ";
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
¦ Robert Dalzlel Sr. (owner) with Rlley &
Hock (contractors), architect A. M. Mil wain —
Brick work, terra cotta. and granite for a six
story and basement brick building on lot on
NW line of Mission street, 68 ' NE of New
Montgomery. NE 45, NW 160. NE 23. NW
87:6. SW 45. SE 60, SW 1 foot, SE 23:9.
SW 22, SE 103:9: $15,705.
Same owner with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter, mill
work, stairs and hardware for same on same;
$10.289.
Builders' Contracts.
i Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mary
A. Schetter and Elsie J. Shaw, lot in ccme-
Uzy; $27i ¦ ' - ." r.. .v ;! v-. , - , . .-
Charles M. Goodall to Elizabeth R. Lillls,
lot on NW line of Market street, 245:3 SW ot
van Ness avenue, N 102:5, \V 0:0%, SW to
Market, NE 0:3%, quitclaim deed; $1.
¦ ¦ Michael H. Kelly to Catherine F. Kelly, un
divided one-half of lot on S line of Hayes
street, 165 E of Gough. E 27:6 by S 120; $10
, City and County of San Francisco to Patrick
H. McVey, lot on N line or Fell street, 107:6
W of Octavli*. W 30 by N 120; | .
Same to E. L. Goldstein Company, lot on
N line of Fulton street. 82:6 W of Laguna, W
27:6 by N 120; $ .
Same to Herman Cohen, lot on S line of
P'f arrell street, 112:6 E of Buchanan, E 25 by
S ¦ 1 20 ; $-7" — .
Same (o Carrie Mayer, lot on E line of Hol
lis street. 100 S of O*F«xell, S 25 by E 90; $ .
John S. or J. S. and Eleonora Howell to
Manfred M. Garoutte, lot on S line of Vallejo
street. 102:6 W of Pierce, W 27:6 by S 137:6;
$10. -
Charlotte Schneegass to Amelia and Bertha
Schneegass, lot onW line of Lyon street. 156-3
N of McAllister. N 18:0 by W 137:6; gift.
Wilhelmina H. S. Koeniff (formerly Meyer)
to James W. and Leila A. Keyston. lot on SW
corner of Hayes street and Central avenue. 3
25 by W 93:3; $10.
James W. and Leila A. Keyston to William
E Shepman and William G. Hind, same: $10.
M. H. and Kate I. de Young to E. J. Cam
r-lon. lot on SW corner or Cole and Grove
streets, S 37:6 by W 102:6; $10.
John E. and Margaret C. Hill to Flora B.
Gates, lot on 8 line of Sacramento street, 87-0
TJl^-rgrlii 1O7:7 *- w 12:6 - N * *
City and County of San Francisco to Cath
erine A. Buckley (wife of M. G.). lot on SE
line of Mission street, 85 NE of Tenth. NE
28:4 by SE 100; $ .
Same to John B. Kenny. lot on SW corner
of Twentieth street and Treat avenue. W 25
by S 110: $ — — .
Same to Michael Cribbin. lot on SE corner
of Twentieth and Shotwell streets. E 25 by
S Vo t $ ' ¦ ¦"»
Same to George B. Vaughn, lot on W Uno
of Shotwell street, 155 N of Twenty-first, N
30 by W 122:6; $ .
Same to William Ed# Company, lot on E
line of Noe street. 125 S of Fifteenth. S 100
E 01:10%. NE JHV.9U, NW 54:5«4.-W 123; $— .
William and Jennie Helblng to Harlich and
Amanda Michels, lot on W line of York street.
100 feet N of Twenty-second. N 25 by W 100;
Fabian S. Jooet Jr. to Fabian Joost Com
pany, lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth and
Mission streets, N 63 by E 115: $10.
Justin S. ar.d Maud I. Hawkins to William
Ctyer. lot on SB corner of Twenty-third and
Custro streets. S 23:6 by E 105: $10.
Ellen Cosirrove to Mary ' Brown, lot on S
line of Clipper street. 220 feet E of Diamond
E 100 by S 114; gift. '
• Daniel Dunleavy to Mary H. IMxon. lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street, 100 feet E of
Douglass. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Wlnfleld S. Keyes to Azalea C. Keyes, lot
on W corner of Silver and Third streets. NW
75 by SW 75: $ 10.
Mary Fitzgerald to Florlan Stoesser and
Andrew A. Devoto. lot on E line of Florida
street. 125 feet S of Eighteenth, S 108 by B
100; $10. :"
Maurice C. and Alice M. Klttredge, to Ed
ward Carvill. lot on SW corner of Twenty
second avenue and Lake street, W 40 by S
100; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters and George A.
Turner to Charles E. Hodges, lot on NE line
of Cliff avenue. 30.05 feet NW of Thirty-eighth
street, NW 25.04, N 106.% E 25, S 10a26
$10. • "
William R. and Kathleen Arnold to H. M.
Anthony and Robert W. Dennis, lot on E line
of Twelfth avenue, 225 feet N of A street N
25 by E 120: ?10.
H. M. Anthony, Robert W. and Myrtle E.
W. Dennis to John Perry, same: f 10. ~
B. M. and Annie S. Newcomb to Solomon
Getz, lot on NE corner of Forty-seventh-ave
nue and O street. E 157:6. N 100. W 37-0,
N 25. W 120. S 123; also lot on NW corner of
Forty-sixth avenue and U street. W 57 :6 by
N 100: also lot on NE corner of U street and
Forty-third avenue. E 32:6 by N 100; $10
Ernest Adolph *Sutro by Emma L. Merritt.
executrix, to Thomas Swales, lot on W line of
Forty-eighth avenue. 362:6 feet S of O street.
S 25. W 134.80. NW 25.03. E 136.06; $946.
' John BrickeH - Company to Laura H. Good
man, lot on S line of West Clay. 157:6 feet
E of. Twenty-sixth. "B CO by S 100: ?10.
Lulgl Gendottl to Henry Brunnar.* lot on W
line of Chenery. ICO feet N of Randall, N 25
by W 125. block 28. Falrmount: $10.
. Elizabeth C. McMillan to Jane H. Morri
son, lot on E line oi Homestead. 160 feet S
of, Twenty-fourth. S 85 by E 125. lot 4, block
18. Noe Garden Homestead: gift. ~
• William M. Loudon-. to' Emma H. Loudon.
lot on W line of Whitney. 800 feet S of Thir
tieth. S 50 by W 125; $5000.
Emma i H. • and Minna A. Horstmann. to
Anns M. ¦ Horstmsnn. lot on NW corner . of
Mission : and Thirtieth . streets. 8W 59:9. W
100. N to Thirtieth. E 110.' PV 402; $10.
.Augusta A. and.Emil A. Hermann to Adolf
L. : and ; Chrlstlane Felt. lot on E - line of
Dame. 475 feet N • of Randall. N 23 by E
110, lot- 2, block 2S, Falrmount Homestead;
$10. - \
David M. and Margaret A.- Ahern to John
H. V Grady. . lot 9. block 34. Paul Tract Home
stead; ?10.
John H. and EMen G. Grady to Leopold
Welnsteln. .same; $10.
James H., Joseph B. and Alice M. Marshall
to •- Theresa Perslco. lots 21 and . 22, block 17.
Lekevlew; ?20. . . ;.-'¦•. , ¦
Baldwin & Howell (corporation* to Harold
J. and Catherine S. Thuesen. lot 44, block A,
Glen Park. terrace: $10. ¦::. - .
TUESDAY, JULY 12.
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The Ions contest over the estate of
Charles "Watson was ended yesterday
when Judge TToutt ordered a final de
cree of distribution in favor of the
daughters, Mattie, Elizabeth, Esther,
Eva and Emma, in equal shares. The
estate In California was worth about
$20,000. Watson left al>out $30,000 in
the East. The will was contested by
Charles Arnold and Ellen Davis, who
declared themselves to he son and
daughter of the deceased. They . al
leged that Watson's true name was
Charles Arnold and that in 1849 in Lon
don he married Emily Nightingale.
They said he came to California and
assumed the name of Watson. The
daughters opposed the contest and gave
proof of-' his marriage to Jane Ann
Kerr in 1861. The property of the Cal
vary Presbyterian Church, at Fillmore
street and Pacific avenue, bequeathed
by Watson, was also involved in the
contest.
Watson Estate Settled.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. __Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 106 U IOC % 4s qr cp new.l32%133ii
4s qr reg,..106U10G?i 3o qr coup... 106 106^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co 63.11714 —
Bay CPC 5s. - 1C2 1 Do 5s 109", —
Cal C G 5s. — 104&I Do con 6s. 105 —
Cal G & E g I Oceanic S 6s. — 72^
m & ct 5s. "84 — |Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 116 |Pac G Im 4s. 02U 96
C C Wat 5a. — 100 IP E Ry 5s. — ' 104
KdL & P 6S.124H — p & C H 6s.lO3 —
!F & C H 6s:il4 — P & O R 68.112 113
Geary-st 6s.. — SO Powell -st «s. — 114
H C&S 5V4S.10O — Sac EG&RSs. K% —
Do 5s .... OBii — SF & SJV6s.ll7^ill3
Hon R T 6s.lO5 — Sierra R 6s.. — 115
Iy A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5a.. 113 — (1900) 100 —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 107 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 105 (1905)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem 6s. 101 14 — . (1005)Sr B.10.1U —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3 — fl!>06) 105' —
Do lem 58.114 *4- — j (1912) ......115V&116
MV& MtTSs.lOlU — JSPC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
NRR of C6s.104%105 | D o stmpd.. 108^100
Do 5s 117»i — S P B R 6s.l32 134
N P C R 6s.lO4%105 S V Wat 6s.l05',£ —
N C Ry 5s. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 98 —
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 8dm. 08 98%
N S R R 5s. — 101 Do g mtg4s 97% —
O G L&H 5sJ07 — Stkn G&E63. — 92^
O W gtd 5s. — 100 U G & E 6s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 — |Port Costa...
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 38U —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3H 3% S F G & E. 69% 60
Mutual E-U-12%4 12% Stkn G & E. — 6
Pac L Co... 5714 — U G & E Co.
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 (L P & A.... — 155
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86%|Mer Trust.. ..206 —
Bank of Cal. 424 — (Merch Ex 50
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 is F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — • — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2280 2350 |Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — . (Sec Sav Bk. — 425
Mutual Sav. 100 105 lUnlonTCo..— —
S F Sav U.600 650 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio — 45
POWDER.
Giant 60U 60% | Vlgorit 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 5 — IKilauea S C. — SK
Hawaiian C. 52 tf 52% Makaweli C. 23*. 24
Honokaa S C 12 13 Onomea S C. 23 2714
J/utch S P C 8i, — Paauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 137 HI Oceanic S Co. — 414
£"{ X. C A - — -«»K|p»e Aui FA. 6 _!*
M a^ W M7TnY.lW ™ | PaC C B^- 166 169
Morning Session. \
Board — - 1 ¦'%'
?5 9} ant Ponder Con 60 60
..2 W awall »n Coml & Sugar 52 00
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 62 25
60 Makaweli 22 50
60 S F Gas & Electric. ; 60 00
10 S F Gas Sc Electric 69 «7Vi
Street — , ™
$25,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.... 110 00
Afternoon Session. •
Board—
45 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 52 B0
10 Makaweli • .. 2«> »7ii
, 5 Makawell !!.! 23 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 12 60
400 S F Gas & Electric, b 30. . 60 00
,, 20 S P Gas & Electric... 59 87%
IVJS? Sac EIec Gas & Ry 6s. b 2.. 97 75
$3.C00 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 6a 97 75
$5, COO Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 9926
C «'• • Street —
BO Hawaiian Coml A Sugar...... 52 25
Jl.QOO N P C R R 6 per cent 104 75
$12,000 Pacific Electric Ry 6 per cent. 104 00
Unlisted Securities.
. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Auk
Bay CPC 6s. — 89 SF t NP 8s. — 109V
B L Wat 6e. — 117 |S P C R 4s. — 100
srt&y 5 «- 7z ii2% spc » 4^8.100 —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Sun Tel 6s.. — 104
•Rls I-Wks 5s — 105 Sutter-st R5s.l05 Us
SF Drdk 5s. — , 113% UR of SF 4s. 80% 81
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co...- 30 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.lSO
Cal Cot Mils — 88 . N S R R Co. 9« —
Cal G&ECor. 47 50 N Cal P Co. 10U 10%
Cal Powder. — 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 — '
Cal Ship Co. — 25 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
£ al T,, 1 * T - 11B — HOW Hall A' 6 — »
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 OrpneunvCo. — 15U
Chutes Co .. — .7% PacC Cas Co.125 — •
Uty & C Bk - 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 102
Cyp L Imp.. — 1 pac Sur Co.105 .•_»¦
East Dynm.. — 270 Paraf Paint.. 3S
DpntPwd pfd — 90 S F Drydock. 60 —
_ Do com ...-;_ 50 SF&S J Coal . — 25
™ Bk> Oa'<120 — , s J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 25c 60c SO & MTgbt.125 -_
7"rnch-A Bk.105 — Swtss-A Bk.115 —
Oae Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.Ml _
.Hono.P Co.. 11 _ UR InC pfd. 47% —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 0$ —
Afternoon Session.
Street—'
IS.OOO United R R of S F 4 per cent.. SO 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Apio S V^-.. ,..;~.. BI< 40
Associated Trust Certificates. 16 18
Caribou 3 50 i nn '
Chicago crude ..::::::::::: ., / -™
Claremont ...... - 73 " 715 '
F^n":::::.;:-:::::::F : '-, 6 * ; V^
Hanford ..........165 00 'lSO 00
Homo I.......... 135 140
Imperial ...:.............. .... 18 00
Independence ....... 25 26
Kern .......... ........... 4 60 BOO
Kern River ........;........... — 11 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 32
Monte Cristo 6fi 72
Occidental Of. W Va. ......... 07 . 10
Oil City Petroleum 58 59
Peerless .... 14 00
Reed Crude ...;..... ..\..\. 150
S'.F & MtKittrlck 3*66
Sovereign ......-..;. ....... "S8 ' - . .- 40 «. .
Sterling .................... '2.7ft 2 75
Superior- - 04 10
Thlrty'three .... S 25
Toltfc ..: 21 -"..
Twenty-eight ....... 8 50 . '.. 8*06
Wabash ."..'-• '25
Associated Bonds ............... 79*66
Miscellaneous— . ¦ •
Chutes Company ............ . . „, .7 37^ *
WEDNESDAY, July 12—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Fischer's ; Theater 42 M
Northern Cal Power 10 37%
SALES.
. Morning Session.
€50 Claremont 78
j 133 ReedCrude .;...;....: 1 60
Afternoon Session.
60 Sterling ; . . '. 2 80 ,
100 Claremont : 73
100 Northern California Power 10 12*4
400 Oil City Petroleum, b 6... 60
Mining Stocks. >
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
¦ Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 68 200 Ophlr 2 60
400 Chollar 18 30 Ophir 2 63
200 Con C & Va.l 13 300 Overman ..... 20
BOO Gould & Cur. 17 100 Sierra Nev .. 35
400 Justice ...... 23 100 Utah 15
• Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge Con 211 4O0 Overman 20
25 Mexican ..... 1 20| 500 Potosl ....... C8
100 Ophlr 2 631 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
PACIFIC 8TOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Chollar .. 18| 300 Ophtr 2 60
200 Con C & V.I 17&I 100 Potosi 03
200 Con C & Va.l 151 200 8ierra Ner .. 34
1000 Julia 07 (J00 Union Con .. 35
200 Mexican ...1 02Vii 100 Union Con .. 34
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. I 10 100 Justice . .* 20
600 Challenge Con 21 100 Ophlr 2 60
100 Con C * V.I 17% 200 Potosl . 09
S00 Crown Point. 12 100 Utah 14
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the sales on the San Fran
claco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2300 Brunswick ... 10 230O Red Top...... 18
2300 Efcperanza ... 03 10.000 Red Top .. 20 I
700 MacNamara . 54 2000 Red Top 21
3176 MacNamara . 66 1100 Rescue ...... 13
2100 MacNamara . 66 200 Ton Gold M. 20
1000 MacNamara . 67 200 Ton Midway.. 69
v 3000 MacNamara . 61 100 Ton Midway.. 60
200 Mont Ton ..2 60 200 Ton of "Nev.8 12%
200 N Y Ton 02, 100 Ton of Nev.. .8 00
B0OO Red Top 18|
Afternoon Session.
ffOO Esperanza ... 03 1800 Rescue ..'.... S 11
ISX S oM *r Anchor - 27 l20 ° Ton Belmont.. 82
TVXA MacNamara . 65 100 Ton Belmont.. S3
\}SZ JJacNamara .... 66 100 Ton Belmont.. S4
3000 MacNamara . CO 200 Ton Exten ...1 00
iAS w ont Ton ••• 2 5° 100 Ton Midway.. 60
ilSx ?? ont Ton --2 62% 100 Ton of Nev.8 12U
\^{ S a J £ O'Brien 13-1500 Ton N Star.. 33
1 2^Re e iue op ,::::: l!i 2500Ton N star -- 3<J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 12—4 p. in.
* Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
¦A'f] 1 * JJL Injustice 20 25
Alta •••» 06 07 Kentuck 02 04
An<le» 20 22 Keyea Graes.. —120
Belcher 17 19 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 1 10 1 15 Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion ...... 20 21 Occidental ... 70 81
Caledonia ... 65 57 Ophlr 2 55 2 60
Challenge Con 20 22 Overman 19 "l
dollar 17 19 Potosl 07 CS
Confidence .... 80 90 Scorpion 13 15
Con C & Va.1 15 1 20 Savage 25 28
Con Imperial. 01 02| Seg Belcher . . 08 10
Con N Y 04 05JSIerra Nev ..< 33 85
Crown Point. 11 131 Silver Hill .. 60. 62
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis — jo
Kureka Con.. — 50| Syndicate .... — 04
Exchequer .. 36 SSI Union Con .. 33 35
Gould & Cur. p5 16|Utah 14 15
Hale & Norc. — 72| Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia 06 07|
TONOPAH MINES.
¦Bid.Aek.t Bid Ask
Colehan 05 10|Ray Tonopah.. 06 OH
Esperanza ... 03 04|Red Top 18
Gipsy Queen. — 25 Rescue 11
Gold Anchor. 27 28 Ton Belmont.. 82 ' M
Goldfleld .... S5 — Ton & Cal... 10 25
Gold M Con. — 03 Ton Exten .. —100
Hannapah M. 25 — Ton & G TV.. 04 11
Jim Butler. . . — 7« Ton Gold MY 13 20
Little Ton ..60 65 Ton Midway.. 5S . 59
Lucky Tom ... 03 — Ton of Nev.8 00 8 12*4
MacNamara . 65 57 Ton N Star. . 32 34
Mlzpah Ex.. 15 — Ton & Salt L 60 —
Mont Ton .. 2 50 2 65 Ton Superior. . — 06
N Y Ton ... 02 03 Ton Union.... 10 —
Paymaster ... 05 06 United Ton .. — 09
Pine Grove .. 50 — t'topla 10
Ray Exten .. — 09 West End ... 21 30
Ray & O'Brien 12 13
The Sempervirens Club has planned
a three days' outlnfc to the California
Redwood Park In the Big Basin and
will leave the city next Saturday and
return the following Monday. A spe
cial car for the party will leave San
Francisco by way of the narrow gauge
road next Saturday at 2:15 p. m.
A trip by stage will be made to the
Big Basin on Sunday and the day will
be spent among the magnificent red
woods. It is expected that the sci
entist, John Muir, who is a member
of the club, will go with the party.
He is familiar with the region, having
explored it some years ago.
the Redwoods.
Party Will I,eave City on Saturday
and Spend Three Days Among
SEMPERVTRENS CLUB To
VISIT THE BIG BASIN
The Company of Associated Stock Brokers of
the San . Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
has elected the following directors for another
term: William Edwards, A. B. Ruggles. A.
F. Coffin. F. W. Hadley and Charles E. Pax
ton. The only change in the board was the
election of Charles E. Faxton, in place of A.
W. Foster.
At the regular a.nnual meeting of the stock
holders of the Security Savings Bank the old
directors were re-elected as follows: William
Babcock. S. I,. A Boot Jr., O. D. Baldwin.
Jcseph D. Grant. E. J. McCutcheon/ William
Alvord. L-. F. Monteagle. R. H. Pease and
Warren Clark. William Babcock was re
elected president. S. L. Abbot Jr. vice presi
dent and manager and Fred W. Ray secre
tary. Since the last annual meeting the paid
up capital has been increased to $500,000 and
th4 surplus to $250,000 by the pale of 800 shares
of new stock to the shareholders at $325 per
share.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Alaska Packers' As
sociation, regular - monthly, $1 per share,
amounting to $14,000.
The Bank of California will pay a regular
quarterly dividend of $4 per share July 16.
The Four Oil Company . has declared : a
monthly dividend of 1 cent per share, amount
ing to $3000, payable July 15.
The Berry OH and Development Company of
San Francisco has levied assessment No. 3 of
$1 per share, delinquent August 3.
The present authorized Issue of $250,000
Mutual Electric Light Company 5 per cent
bonds were delivered on Monday, all of them
having been resold by E. H. Rollins & Sons,
who purchased them from the company.
The Honolulu Rapid Transit and Land Com
pany paid a semi-annual dividend of 3 per
ce,nt on the preferred and a quarterly dividend
of 1 per cent on the common stock .Tune 30.
There was a fair business on the Slock and
Bond Exchange, mostly in the afternoon, bonds
leading stocks In demand. The latter ruled
firm, however, and several made »Hh*tart'al
advances. Giant Powder rose to $61 60. Ha
waiian Commercial rose a dollar to $52 oJ a.id
Makawell Sugar a dollar to ?23 26. The oil
stocks continued, duir and the Comstock min
ing shares were also inactive. The usual ac
tivity prevailed in the Tonopah mines, as will
be seen. Sales in this group have been very
largre of late. '-v« ' ~ '
Another Fairly Active Day in
Local Securities.
STOCK MAEKET.
The Drison keeper did so and In a
few minutes Alexander was behind
the bars with the bolts shot back into
plage.
"Well," said the prison-keeper,
"we'll handcuff you and see what you'll
do then." The cuffs were Dlaced on
his wrists and the cell doors again
locked. • In a few minutes the man
was once more at liberty with the
cuffs unlocked and the cell door
standing open. Alexander refused to
explain the trick. "I did six months
for this once before." he said.
- From that time until the prisoner
was removed to the Hall of Justice
a close watch was kept on him lest
he escape.
Claude Alexander, who assaulted
W.-H. "Nicholson at the Chutes on
Monday nisrht, outwitted the prison
keepers at the park police station,
where he was taken after committing
the offense. When Alexander was
charged and placed in the 'cell he
groodnaturedly told the prison keepers
that it would be useless to lock him
up as he cojuld set out at his pleas
ure. His defiance was laughed at,
but he requested his keeper to turn
his back toward the cell and see
whether he was telling the truth. It
required but a few minutes for the
prisoner to stand in front of the of
cer a free man. When asked how he
did the trick he replied. "Just turn
your back and I'll get inside the
bars." /
at the Park station.
Alexander, Who Assaulted Nicholson
at the Chutes, Mystifies Jailers
L.OCKS AND BARS FAIL.
TO HOLD THIS PRISONER
OREGON.
Bran, eks l,0C0|Wool, bales ...
Flour, qr sks ... 12.103 Feed, eks .320
Barley, ctls 1.099 Shorts, sks .... 2,700
Oats. cUs ...... 1,071 Middlings, sks.. 633
Tallow, ctls .... 255 Bran, sks •• 318
Chicory, bbls .. ' CO Onions, sks ... 586
Lime... bbla ..... 411 Potatoes, aks .. 2.336
Wine, gala .... 47.425 Beans, sks ..... 108
Pelts, bdls 90 Hay. tons B12
Hides. No. '.....'.. 663 Wool bales ... 1S8
leather." rolls .. 142
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 12.
Receipts of Produce.
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1904.
14
/ RAILWAY TRAVEL*
' s*^e l^r^s. Tnlnt leave and arc £oe
/O^^Ttr^ \ to nrrl re at
/^llg-OsAN FRANCISCO.
\ v\ j^r~7f! / *bo* jclt 3. im
\^ZS (Toot of Market Street >
L»AT» - MAIN CtfJE. - »»K!r.
7.00a VacaTille. Winters, Kumsey.. 7 50p
. 7 00a Bsnlcln. KlmtmatKl Sm-r»mrnto . 7.2Q*>
7 -30a Vallejo. N.ipa. Calistoft*. S.iata
Rosa. Msrtluez. Sao Kittnou fi ?C»
730a Miles. Tracy. Lathrop. Stooktou 7.20p
8.00a Shun* Kxpress— (Via OstIsi.
Williams (for Bartlett Spring**.
Willows, tfruto. l;ed Bluit.
Portland. Taconia. Seattle 7.50t»
i.EOA Darts. Wootlland.Knlshis I^mting.
MarjsTille. Ctilco. Orovllle 7.5Qp
I 30a Port Costa. Martinez. AotiocX
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, New-
man. Lcs banos. JI e n <! o t a.
Armona, llaaford. Vlsalla.
Porterrllle t 4 73»
BJOAPort Costa. Modento. Merced.
Fresno. Uosbea Junction, llaa-
ford. Vlsalla. natcemfleld 4.50»
8.20a M>». Ean Jose, Livermore, Stock-
ton, (tSlIltoa). lone. Sacramfnto,
Marys fill'". Colco. Uad DlaiT .... 4.20>
8.J0A O«!c<laje. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
norm. Tn -luinne and Angela 20<*
8 COa Atlantic Express— Ogilen tad Ease. 5.20P
930a KIrhmonrt. Martluex and Way
8tatioBS 6 50f»
lOCOAThf Overland Limited — ozden.
Omaaa, Chicago, JUenrer, Kansas
City, St. Lonls 620»
10.00a Vsllejo_ 12.20^
10 JOa Lot Aoceles rsssen K er — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byroo. Tracy.
Lathrep. Stockton. Merced,
RaymoaX Fresno. Oostien Jano-
tton. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
£akenfl«ld, Los Anxeles 7-2C*
t2.0Cv Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. 3.2C»
tt-COP Sacramento River Steamers tl 1.0'J»
S3C(» Benlcl*. tvutnrs. Sacramento.
Woodland, willow*. Knlgbts
Lsadlng, MurysvUIe. Orovlllo
and way stations 10 50*
5-ZOp Day ward, N!lf« sad W«y Stations.. 7 5Q=»
4 CO* M«rtines,6aa IUiiaon.Vallejo.Kaaa,
Callstoira. Saata Rosa 3 20*
4 OOP Niles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2C»
4.30Pll3ywar>l. Niles. Irvlngtou, Saa) ttW*
Jose. Lirermore ) tl 1.50*
6-8QpTbe Owl Llxilted— Xewvaa. L*s
Baaos. -Mi-idota, Freino. Tnlara,
Baierifleld. Los Angeles 8-50*
tSSOp Hayward, Niles sad San Jose 7.23\
6-OOp Usy ward. KUcs and San Jose 9 SOa
600p lantern Express — Ojrdea. Omaba,
Chtr;at(o. Denver. Kansas City.
St. Louis, via Martinez. StozJuoa.
Sacramaato. Colfsx, Reno 1».50»
S.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I 7 ««„
700PValleJo. Sunday only .....( ' 30 *
7 00p Klcnmoad, saa Pablo. Port Costa.
Marlines and Way Stations 11-20A
7XQPIUno Psiseafer— Port Costa, Snl-
nn. ElsU)*-. Davis. Sacraisento.
Truckee, Lake Tahoe. r.rno,
Tonopab. Sparks 7-50A
• C5p Pot: Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. rreano and
"Way Stnttons beyond Pore Costa 12.20s*
8-OSP Tosemtte Valley, via, Berenda and
Wawona S50*
JJJop Marlines. Tracy. Stockton 13.20a
I 06p Oreten A California Express— «ao>
ramsntu. Marysvllle. Beddt»&
Portlaiid. Pui'l Sound unri Kast. S-5D A
9.10P Hayward. lilies and Saa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) ti-SOA
COAST LINE (.larrow li.-.a^si.
rf _ (Foot ot >UrHet Sweet.) ;__
7.4&A Saata Cm Ezecr«1oo(Sno«ay only) 8-1 Op
8.16a Newark. Ontarrtlle. San Josa,
Felton, Bouliiw Creek. Bis Basin.
8anu Cr»x sa* Wsy BtaUons... 6 55p
t915A Alvarado, KewaiV Saa Jose. Loi
Oatos.Glenwood, Feltoa, Boulder
_., Creek. Big BsjIb. Santa Crm.... 8-IOp
t2.16p»ewara:. CentervlUe. San Jose.
Kew Almaden.Los Gatos.Fe;ton.
Boalder Cr»ek, Saata Cms and
Principal War Stations 10.35*.
4.1Sp Mawark, Baa Jose, Los Oatos tS.SSA
4.1&P Wrlsat. BouMer Creek auU Santa
Crnz. Saturday and Snndiv only. »8-55a
COAST LINE (Uroad hance).
ty < ihlrd aad luwiucnii Slreeu.)
S.10a San Jose and Way Sutlons 8"33»
17.00a San Jose and TWy Stations 5 4Qp
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cms Kxcnr-
¦Ion (Soariay only) 1030p
800a New Almaden (Jaes.. rrtd.. only). 4.10P
8 00a Tb- Caaster — San Jose. Saiinaa.
San Ardo, Paso Rohles. Santa
Margarita. San Lats 0b!3?o. Santa
Barbara. Saa Buenaventura,
Montalvo, Oxnsrd, DuroaDk, Lot
Aa^eles T043»
ICOa Qilroy. Holllster. Castrov«!>, De!
5iont«. Pactac Orove, Surf, Lom-
poc 104SP
: 8.00a 8an Jose. Tres Ptnos. Capttola,
; - 8antaCrQz.Pac!flcGrove.SaltDa«,
: Ban Lnls Obtspo and Prtnetpaf
: < Way 8:»tlon» ' 4.|«p
I 1040a S«n Jose aad Way Stations... . 1 23p
11 -30a Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo» Gfttos
„„„ sad Way Sutlons 7.30*»
1 JOpSsn Jo»e»nd Way SUtloas 8-3&A
; t3B0p Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, - VT '
Kan Jo—. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific O rove 12-15P
3 SCf Burlimrasir, San Jose. Gilroy. IIol-
.' *-r~ lister. Tre» PInos, Palaro. Capi-
tols, Santa Cruz. C*»trovi::e.
8allnas, Pactic Grove -J0 4R«
•4JflpPan Jose aad Way Statloo* ticaa
t6 OOP Santa Clara. Saa Jose. Los Ga:os,
Wrigiic sad principal Way S:i»
._ ,. tiona (except 6unday) t9-00A
|B-30p Ban JoseandPrlnctpaiWayStatloas «.40a
h 4Sp Ssoset Express.— Kedwood. 6aa
Joae. Gnroy.Salinaa. Paso Koblea,
San Lois OMsno. Santa Barbara,
Lo» Aacelea. TVemtna;. KI Paao^
New Orleans. New Tork .. . 7 in.
B-45pP«Jaro. Cspttola, Saata Crni. Cas-
trovine.Del Moate.Paciac Grove. 10. 45*
t6 15p fcanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa ""*'
Carlos. Jtedwood. Fair Oaka.
„,. M«nlo Park. Palo Alto 1843*
S30P Ssn JoMUd Way Stations. B-SSa
800p Palo Alto and Way Stations -in* Ida
11.30p»otiUi San Francisco. Millbrae.Bnr-
Saa Mateo. Betmost.
8an Carl«a. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
M «olo Park, and Palo Alto 3 .45 .
HI ZQ" Marncld. Mountain View, Sonny- ~*
vale, Lawrenc*. SanU Clara aad
s * aJoM ta.4&m
AforMornlnf. P for Afternooa.
t Ban Jar excepted. t8andayoalr
• Batarday only. ft Monday onlr.
J tu>»» a; an. it i'.cas *a 89»dAy.
*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1FI3
SAZXiWAT COMPACTS*.
TITmrom Terry, root ot Market str«»i.
SAN PltANCISCO TO SAV &A7JLBZ*.
WiiEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. »:00. ll;00 a. m.i
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, S:30. <:30 and llM
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 7:30. 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:39.
2:30 3:40. 5:10, 6:30 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAIL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
VbtK UAYS— tf:0&. 6:So. 7:35. 7:50. itiSO,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. f2:C0. 3:40. 3:00, 3:30.
8:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:10 p. m. !
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. »:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:4»V
8:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:23, 7:60 p. ta.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect I ArrW*
Ean Fran. | May 1. 1904. f 8aa Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna* I Sun- I W***
Days. I days. \ tlon. | days, f Day.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:15 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 3:40 a.
8:00 a 9:30 a Xxa«el«. 10:20 a 10:20 a.
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:2O p
6:10 p S:10p 6:20 p 7:25 9
7:25 p
• • 3:45 P m
7:SOs 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 •
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10: # JOa 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 8:20 »
5:10p 2:30p and 7:25p 7:23p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 9
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30a Healdaburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserviil*. 7:25 pi 7:23 p
. Clovwdale. '
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 ajl0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:20 p! and Uklah. ( 7:25 p| 7:25 9
I I Wlllits. I t
7:30 al 7:30 >f Sherwood. [ 7:25 pf 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 a! Guernevllle and 110:20 al 10:20 »
2 :30p[ 2:30p| Camp VacaUon. | 8:45 p| «:2O p
~870Oa S:POa 1 8:40a S.tOa
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. I 6:00 p 6:20 p
- f 5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p| 2:3Op| SebastopfJ. |7:2Spj«:20p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Wh;t»
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Sprlnzs: at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Sprinua: at Ceyservllle for Skassi
SprlnKs; at Cloverdals for the Gtfysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hoptand for Duncan
SprinKs. Highland Springs. Kelstyville. Carla-
bad Springs. S.xia Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; "t Uklah for Vichy Sprlnsa. Saratogi
Strings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Deli Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HullTille, Orr'a Hot
Springs. Hallway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort Bragg
¦\Vestport. Ural: at Wltltts for Fort Bntgs
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo Layton-
*ille. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens,
D>«. Carbervti:*. Pepperwood. Pectin and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at i-.air rates.
Ticket Office. CCO Market utreet. Chrontcla
bul'iilnj.
JAS. U FRA71EP.. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manaar*r Oen. Fass. Ajrt.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Y©art
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I
a at O:3O a. m., through In 3 days, |
jl with diner and all trapping*. H
Other Santa p« Trains:
7:30 a. in. 1 for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p'. m'.\ Merced. Hanford and Viaallsu' r •
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. .
TICKET OPPICXS— €41 Market St. and
rerry Depot, S. P. Also Ilia Broad-
war. Oakland. Cal. 87 Sonta Pixst St-
San Jose. '
(jgjpil^l) TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
§||iii|i|i MILL VALLEY,
j^^ra^g! CAZADERO, Etc.
ttsS^s&SI'i'pESsB I Via Sausalito Parry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, wee* days, at
6-30 7-10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. a. ra!
m-40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:43, 3:ifl,
400 4^35. »:". 0:5 °- 6:23 - 7:15 - »:0o7l0 : 20
li-35 p' m. Sundays and legal holidays depart !
at 7-10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. utJo
V m 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 435
SXo:Bft« :M > '= 15 - 8:15 - 9:0 °. "SO.* ilia
P * A?Hve at San Francisco, week days. 8-17
700 7-35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a *ni'
vm>5 ii25. 2:50. 3:35, 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 605!
6-55 7 155, 10:06. 11:25 p. m. On Sunday. 8 *^
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
and 8:15 p. VGH xraujs.
7:45 a. m. dally— Caradero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
' 3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day— For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. K .
8:15 p. ra.. Sundays only— For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave fi» feisililn Ferrj Arrive
San Francisco r— t«f luUttt. 6an Francisco
Week Snn-; » fiflL bun- Week
Days. days*. days. Days.
' 8:301 gPSpa T2^5T r -aT«5-A
10:00a \!?!S8VKE» 2:05r*ij;05*
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 p 3:35 r
1:45 p 12:20 r >«5»!£3' &:«<>' 6:15 1
5:15p 1:45p 6:15 p 10:05 r
* tia CrtTity Car, . .: TannUpaii U Bill Til>y.
ficirr i623MABKr.T St. (North nhore Railroad)
Oiricu land dAC&tuxo Fkuy, Jaat Uatkat 54
APAETitEUT SOUSES — Continued.
ccugkavia >pts.. polkI nr. clay— 2-3
r.: S13 up; £?.s gtov<*s; baths; lei. Polk 190S.
XIONTCLAin APARTMENTS.
Cornrr I J lr.e and Ta»ior sts.; i-hone Pr. Ex. 44^.
OCTAVJA H2'i — i!o?t eelect ai>artm't house In.
city; :;-» roumt; ele. furnished; reasonable.
£T. LOCIS, :^rr- Jacksoa Bt. — Modem 3-4-J
fiom*: <urn <-.r unfurn. r t»f» Tel. Ka«t l.'ao
KOOMS TO Li:*!* — Kurn. and I'nfuri.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 1<8 Sixth st.— Rooms
2Sc to SI per niftbt. $1 25 to $3 per week and
i:*:ht hc'js-'kerr:! e rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market «t. <or N«v 1
Fifth «t.)— Room*. 2Sc. 60c. 51, 51 BO nirbt;
l; to to $10 week; house open all night.
ABERDEEN. 8^6 fcutter— Cor. house; hand-
somely fum. room facing street; sun all day.
BURNETT. 1C6 Karkrt (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; aim unfurnished.
Bl'SH. 1277 — $12; a'large furnished room, suit-
able for two.
CALIFORNIA 1251— Three furnished, sonny
rooms with private family; ao sign.
CALIFORNIA. 12S*— Elegantly furnlehed rooms
for gentlemen; rates reasonable.
CMFFORO. 20* Ellis, cor. Maeon — Elegantly
furnished runny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. iZ" — Elegantly furnished, aunny par-
ior «uitr; bsth. also tingle room.
EDDY. SCC. nr. Van Ness — Sunny front room;
running water; also eide room.
ELEVENTH. 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; reference*.
ELIZABETH. 727— Healthy, high location: 2
f r.t :• rooms. 1 double. J4. $5 and $3; board
If desired; sear Castro and 24tn st. can.
E1XIS, 750. Hart Apartments— Fine furnished
! rooms: one on ground floor business purposes.
FHLL, 456 — Furnished sunny front bay-window
rcorn
FILLMOP.E. 1007 — 2 nicely furn. front rms. ;
gmt* preferred; bath; modern; board opt.
FRANKLIN. 721; near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
t .-h"i front room: all conveniences: for 2. $12
GOUGli. 445 — Nicely furnished rooms, all con-
veniences; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Ulsslcn — Rooms 33a
to tl 25 nirbt; $1 90 to $6 wlc: readlnsr-rm.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to fl day and SI 25 to $5 week.
JACKPON, 1175. cor. Jones — Furn. and unfurn.
roornt: marine view; private family; refs.
JONES. 019— A comfortably, sunny furnished
room; all conveniences; gentleman.
MARKET. l(vt3A.The Faimouth — Sunny rooms;
hct end cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
NINTH. 147— Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persona.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent llgats
readirg-room. smoking-room and ladies' -par -
:or; rooms per Blgct. 35c to $1 50; week, $3
I* $8; mccth. 16 to $50; elevator on grouad
flocr: rcoms witn hot and cold water; baths.
EACTtAMnNTO, 1032— Sunny double parlors,
furnished. - /••-
SACRAMENTO. 136SA — 3 rooms, separate en-
'. ranee; rent $7.
SCOTT. — A larre elnsle room; gentlemen
or two la£iee; every convenience.
SKVEXTEENTH St., 4166. nr. Mkt.— Ele. furn. I
san.rra. : pas. bath, piano; $8; board op.;gents. |
IEIXTH. 24OH— Furnished rooms, day. week or
ir.cnth; location' central and reasonable.
STANYAN. S10 — Sunny front and other rooms; l
also housekeeping; facing Golden Gate Park.
STEINER. 123— Furnished rooms to let. with
or without board; reasonable.
THE ST. KATHRYN,
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLtS — SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IX THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: KLEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES: FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to $6 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day; electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— OfSces on
the Crrt floor to let; furnished rooms tn «utt«
or single, by the day, week or month: tran-
t.ent solicited.
THE RICHMOND. 509 Jones— Handsomely fur-
riEhcd room*, fl 50 week; 35c to (1 day up.
THE VERNON. 1122 Market— Rooms at J2 per
week: 50c to $1 per day.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 4«V
.ocms. -JSc to $1 night. $1 75 to J6 week; elec-
tric lights tno cas>, running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus: baggage.
VAN* NESS. 1314. bet. Sutter and Bush— An
exceptionally deeirable sunny front alcove;
also single room; private; references.
WILLOW ave., 14, off Larkin St.. near Eddy —
2 rooms for gentlemen; large f re r.t room,
$8: email room. *6.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. "near Market—
Mtwt convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; ,
3f.e to SI 50 r.lsfct; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
TVCLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
fo tl per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
t.f advertisements and subscriptions baa been
opened at 1008 Market st_ opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOKS ASD BOABD.
P HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. XIAXfe :ER.
COVDEJt GATE ave., 1031. near Jeffereon
Park— Sunny, furnished rooms; bath; private
family; good board; |20 and 523; two, $32
ard 135 month.
6UNNY front room; short distance from City
Hall »v*. and Market st.; accommodations
• Crr 2; S20 each. 223 Gourh at.
DOLORES. 1003 — Bunny rooms and gcod home
cocking: piano, bath. Phone S638 Blue.
F0LSOM, 2C12— Large sunny front room, with
good board. $10 per week for two.
FRANKLIN. 838— Elegant private home, new-
ly Jurn. sunny front rooms, suites or single;
ffcnlo*. central; modern; first-class table
Telephone Polk 2076.
HOTEL REPELIER. 781 Sutter— Suites, with
hoard for two. (50 per month up; single, with
l>oard. 125 up; also rooms without board.
LARKIN, 1934 — Furnished room and board In
private family wbere there is some soclabil-
ity; telephone Hyde 9SL
PINE. 10SS— Nicely fnrn, euites. single rooms;
excellent table; private; phone Polk 3001.
EDDY. 112?. opp. Jefferson Park— Nicely fur.
tunny rocrae; table board; reas.; new mang' t.
HOWARD, 841 A— Flrrt -class board and room
Tingle or donbl*. $5-16 wk.; American family!
Bt*vcuton Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
307 California — Sec rooms.leam prlceg.try table
HoailS W A 3k TED. ~—~
TTANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished or partly fur-
nished rooms fcr housekeeping: adults- de-
sirable location. Box 1737. Call office.'
SUNNT furclehed room by a young man-
north of Market; within ten blocks of Call
buildinr: reference*. Box 1918, Call offlce.
STORAGE AJfD WAIIEHOUSE3.
A^GlL?Binnfc~KTOLL EtCTZSe"6o.;^ton^
packing, shipping warehouse, O. G. and Van
Ncm; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 75o.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture
houvrhold Foods etored moved, shipped. 725-
7S1 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAriTAI* Van and Etoraga Co 3 Eddy sL-
rhone Mint 2341; JOHN F\ COOPER, pres :
furnltare moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co IT-
fire Pott and Powell ats.; tel. Prt. Ex. 671.
CONKUN-S storage-Furniture and merchan-
dise. J33 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 123.
GOLDEN "West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 94L* F.W.Zehfass.
PACIFIC Storac- and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore el; phone Jackson 2SI.
DEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
»t.. teL Main IS40. Shipping , t cut rates.
l^tEWETTEES AND STJPP2.1SS.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 RemingtonrNoT"l
Smith Premier. $25; other typSfiien^
nigUer and lower prices; rentals $2 50 Th«
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st
tD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
| * tester Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Marklt-
VIAYI. '
M b££w l ™.r,2? , <Jaa t htt » t home treatment;
VTAVI 2o tftJti invited.
»i* vi tu, ««04 \aa Neai av».
SPECIAL NOTICBB. .
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they 1
l-.sve admitted into the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1. 11KU. ta June 30, 1904, the " following
nnnied orphans ard half-orphans, boys and
sirl?. viz: Samuel Jacobs, aged 7 years 11
n:onthF: Sarah Stein, aced 5 years 8 months;
Ma May Wolf, aeed 8 years 11 months;
Rcra Levin, aged 6 years: Ix.uis Menzinsky.
ng«-<i 10 years 3 months; MllUe Goldstein,
cged 9 years 2 months; Lewis Freeman, aged
7 years: Abraham Freeman, aged J* years.
BTCTTCRIXC AXD ST AM i M . BR1 ,\G.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In I!. S. : private; efitabllched :i
>>ars In S. F. Tol. Mint 2C2C from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tl'e following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Louis A. Wcldflnmuller 21. 2003 Pine street,
and Agnes A. Mulroney. 21. Sausalito.
John P. Maeee. IM. 007 York street, and
Mary J. Barry. IS. 118 Chattanooga street.
Daniel P. Coleman. 40, 3S60 Eighteenth
street, end Lizzie O'Leary. 29. 3S60 Eighteenth
Giuseppe Casella, 41. 436 Cortland avenue,
and Katrina Ponasso. 45 436 Cortland avenue.
Thomas McCullouxh 21. 1518 Eddy street,
and Queenle Holland, IS, 734 Castro street.
Georjre C. Sandersfcld. 22, 5 Seymour avenue
and Annie Wohltmann. 19. 1041 I street.
Wilber A. LumJbergr 24. San Leandro and
Teckl* E. LundKivii. 20, San Leandro.
Jeremiad J. Hurley. 27. city, and Alice G.
Bmlth, 22 city.
Will W. Webster. 24 1928 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Elise G. Hagedorn, 20. C25 Lombard.
John S. Moran. 21 564 Geary street, and Era
Clark. 21. 721 Natoma street.
Arthur W. Johnson, 23, 2061 Bash street,
and Grace M. Pinney. 22 765 First avenue.
Charles Valvo. 22. 1419 Stockton street, and
Mary Cinollo. IS. 427 Broadway.
Gilbert A. McElroy. 29, Alcatraz Island, and
Mary B. Wallace. 24. Oakland.
Alfred R. Dlppmsn. 25, Presidio and Marie
C. Wlgen, 25, 2200 Broderick street.
Cornelius I. Bohannon. 29. ie23 NlnA ave-
nue, and Ellen Hernandez. 19, Ventura.
William A Toye. 21 Marshfleld Or., aad
OHve R. Pearch. IS. Xapa,
BIRTHS— HARRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
raall will not b* inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same ' published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free- of charge. ¦ ,i>
~ BORN.
EASOM— In this city. June 8. 1904 to the
wife of Harry Easom. a daughter.
JUEL— In this city. July 4. 1904, to the wlf«
of A. O. Juel. a daughter.
. MAKR1ED.
BROWN— HARVIE— Tn this city. July 12.
1304. by ihe Rev. William C. Pond James
T. Brown and Annie M Harvie both of Rio
Vista. Cal.
FRAHM— HEINE;— In this city, July 10 1904
by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Henry A.
Frahm and Katherine Heine, both of this
city.
DIED.
Bass, Henry B. Lynch. Patrick
Campbell. Margaret McDonnell Grace
Craven. Annie Mason SaJly
Curtis. Ralph W. Miller.' John H.
Dayball/ Ida R. . Myers. Jeremiah D.
Delucchi. Ancelo Nichols. -Mary V
• Fitzpatrick. Mary E. Pratt. Arthur M.'
Hanpen. William Riley. Elma F.
Hartmann. Charles Rose Florence
Hlckey. Catherine Schneely Adrien J.
Hinz. August C. Shovlin, Patrick
Jaeoby. Daisy G. Sfraus Rebecca
Jones. Elizabeth Struble Fredie
Kemp. Hattie Trinies .Annie D.
lAntry, James Watson. John
Leonard. Edward Zyss, Charles
BASS— In San Rafael. Cal. ; VJuly 11. 1904,
Henry B. Bass, beloved brother of Mrs. Har-
riet B. Shaver. Mrs. MarciiT S. Bcrggren of
Lureka. Cal., and Mrs. Lucy G. Wade of
Wood ward., Iowa, a native of Wayne County,
I's.. aged 77 years 5 months and S days.
CTFrieuds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
10-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock at the
First Presbyterian Church, corner 'of Fifth
and E street. San Rafael. Interment Mount
Tamalpais Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. July 10 1904, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late William
Campbell, and loving mother of William J ,
Margaret L.. Eteie E., Roland and Bernard
Campbell, and si3ter of Mrs. J. Fisher. Mrs.
M. Gibson of Chicago John Donavan of
Portland. Ore., and the late Mrs. Ellen Har-
. r'.gan. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 48 years and 4 months. (Chicago and
Portland. Ore., papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 13. at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence, 22 Laurel place, off First street,
between Folsom 'and Harrison, thence to
St. Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAVEN— In this city. July 10. 1904. Annie,
beloved wife of Robinson Craven, mother of
Robinson and Hazel Craven, daughter of
Ellen Hennessey, and sister of John Alfred
Hennessey and Mrs. L. Canepa. a native of
Prince Edward Ieland, Canada, aged 29
years.
E7"Th« funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m. from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion etreet. between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CIP.TIS— In Oakland. July J2. 1904, Ralph
Were, beloved husband of Belle M. Curtis,
son of Mrs. V. H. and the late James Cur-
tis, and brother of A. G. Curtis, Mrs. Lewis
Turner. Mrs. Erdir.an Baldwin of Hilo H.
T.. and Mrs. A. F. Woodbridge of San Fran-
cisco, a native of San Francisco. a«ed 34
years 5 months and 8 days.
BTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral servicea
Thursday. July 14, 1904, at 4 p. m.. at Smiley
«• Gallagher's funeral /'parlors, 2325 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda. Interment Oakland
Crematory-
DAYBALL — In this city. July 11, 1904. Ida
R.. beloved wife of John M. Dayball, and
sister of Mrs. Frank Magner, Mrs. Martin
Heavey. Minnie St. John and the late Mrs.
George A. Edwards, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years/7 months and 23 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 9:15 a. m.. from the funeral parlor3
of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, wher*
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the' repose of her- soul, com-
mencing at 9 :S0 a. m. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery.
DELUCCHI— In, this city. July 12. 1904, An-
Belo. dearly beloved husband of Maria De-
lucchi, father of Humbert. John and Joseph
Dclucchi. Katie Figone. Rosie Denevi Susie
Cereghino. Floeie. Nettie. Angelina and
Stella Delucchi. and brother of Glov. De-
lucchi. a native of Genova, Italy, aged 58
.years.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, July 10 1901.
Mary E. G.. beloved daughter of Daniel and
Margaret Fitzpatrlck. and fond sister of
Daniel, Charles. Josephine and Elizabeth
Fltzpartick and Mrs. J. T. O'Brien, a native
of San Francisco.
E7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the, funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
S:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 414
Haight street, thence to • Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
HANSEN— In this city. July 12. 1904. William
. Hansen. a native of Denmark, aged 78 years.
HARTMANN — In this city. July ]0, 1004.
Charles Hartmann. „ beloved son of Georg*
and Susana Hartmann. and brother of Harry
and George Hartmann. a native of Califor-
nia, aged 28 years 9 months and 22 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wcdncs-
day. July 13. 190*. at 12 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler'a undertaking parlors.
6.16 Washington street, thence to' Eagle Hall,
731 Market street, where the services will
be held, commencing at 1 p. m., under the
auspices of Acrle No. 5. F. O. E. ; Court Star
of the West No. 6956. A. of F.. and Painters'
Union No. 19. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HICKEY— In this city, July 10, 1904, Cath-
erine Hlckey. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Kate Harmon, a native of Ireland, aged 6rt
years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
lully > invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at' 9 a. m.. from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HINZ— In this city. July 12 1904, August C
Hinz of Mill Valley, beloved husband of
Dora Hlnz, father of Anita. Otto Helena
Henry. EUa and Oertrude Hlns. alid brother
HENRY j] CAULACH*S/CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher. •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦ -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
'— '¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmers —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn.""" ™ Henry Hansen ' if
jamks McGinn & co. 1
Formerly V/lth McGinn Bros. g
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*- I
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576. j
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence 30
Laurel place, off First street, between Fol-
som and Harrison. Members of the Seven
Plnea Circle are invited to attend Funeral
under the auspices of Lincoln Post No 1.
G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery*
ZYSS— In this city. July 12, ' 1904 Charles
Zyss. a native of Germany, aged 67 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clocK. from 8G2 Folsom
street. Interment Eternal Home Cemetery
by train leaving Third and Townsend street*
at 3:30 p. In.
CrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from hi3 late resi-
dence. 121 Lake street, between Third and
Fourth avenues, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemetery.
STRAUS— In this city. July 12, 1904 Rebecca
Straus, beloved sister of the late Isaac
Straus, and beloved aunt of Mrs. Julius Ja-
cobe. Mrs. J. Meyers and Bertha, Marcus
and Michael Straus, a native of Hessen,
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 76 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 a. m., from the par-
lors of A. TV. Martin & Co.. 310 O'Farrell
.street. Interment Eternal Home Cemetery
by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and Towns-
end streets.
STRUBLE— In this city. July 13. 1904. Fredle
Struble dearly beloved eon of Fred and Liz-
zie. Struble. and beloved brother of Lydla,
Marcella and Ethel Struble, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years
TRINIES— In this city. July 12. 1904. Annio
Daisy, beloved daughter of Gus and Agnes
Trinies. sister of Herbert. Edwin, Hazel and
twin sister of Harold Trinies a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 2
days.
WATSON— In this city, July 11. 1904 John
dearly beloved husband of Mary Watson
and father of John Jr.. Arthur. .James,
Louise. Alice and Nan Watson and Mrs F.
G. Fall, a native of Clontar, County Dublin
Ireland, aged 67 years 7 months and 16
days. A member of Lincoln Post i?o 1
G. A R. ~ '
K7"Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday, July 14, 1904 at 11 o'clock, at
her late residence. 5 Germania avenue, be-
tween Fillmoro and Webster. Hermann and
waller streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MASON— In "Walnut Creek. Contra Costa
County. Sally Mason, beloved mother of Mrs.
E. D. Wheeler, a native of New York 84
years 1 month and 8 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday) at 10 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Durgln & Bleakley. 2200
Shattuck avenue. Berkeley. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, July 12. 1904. John H.
MlUer. beloved husband of Johanna Miller,
father of Gertha Miller, and brother of Mrs.
Maggie Timm. Mrs. Mary Brauer and Peter
Miller, a native of Germany, aged 4'2 years
2 months and 12 daya.
MYERS— In Nevada. July 9, 1004. Jeremiah
O. Myers of Oakland, beloved husband of
the late Ellen Myers, and father of Joseph,
Daniel. John and Mollle Myers, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funaral Wednes-
day. July 13, 1904. at 9 o'clock from 1001
Chester street. thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mus will be cele-
brated, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city. July 11 1904 Mary
V.. beloved wife of William Nichols, and
mother o f Carl. Robert. Frances, Mildred
apd the late Olive Nichols, a native of Penn.
sylvanla. aged 32 years 7 months and 7
days. (Buffalo, If. Y., papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m. f at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
19C0 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
PRATT— In this city. July 11, 1904. Arthur
M^ beloved son of Curtis N. and Elizabeth
iT-att. and brother of William. Caroline.
Frank and Harold Pratt and Mrs. A J.
wldman, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 10 months and 23 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 23 Shotwell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
RILEY— In this city, July ]2. 1004 Elma
Francis, beloved child of Henry and Mary
Iiiley. a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 4 days.
ROSE— In Oakland. July 11. 1904, Florence
beioved daughter of Florence and the late
John Rose, and sister of Grace and Ethel
Kose, a native of California, aged 20 yeara.
SCHNEELY — In Ean, Rafael. July JO. 1904
Adrien J.. son of Almee B. and the late
Adolph Schneely, a native of New York
aged 25 years. (New York papers please
copy.)
SHOVLIX— In this city, July 12. 1904, Pat-
rick, beloved brother of Bridget and Mary
Shovlin. and cousin of Peter McLoone and
Miss Mary Boyle, a native of Ii eland, aged
64 year*.
(LT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to at't-nd the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 ::i0 p. m., from the parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. llo" Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Intermem
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LANTRY— In the- City and County Hospital.
July 11, ]<KH Jarr.es Lantry. a native of Ire-
land, aged C5 years.
LEONARD— In this city Edward, beloved
husband of Margaret Leonard, a native of
Harmana. Ireland, aged 65 years.
ETRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission Street between Third
# and Fourth.
L Y N *C H ~ July 1= - 19<M . Patrick, beloved hus-
fu °L?" orah Lynch, father of James. Tim-
othy Thomas. Patrick. William and Josle
Lynch and Mrs. M. Donohoe. and brother
of Thomas Lynch. Mr*. I). Sullivan. Mrs. J.
Dowd and the late James and Timothy
Lynch, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
a«ed 70. years.
McDO.VXELL— In this city. July II. 1904,
Grace, dearly beloved wife of Frank Mc-
Donnell, daughter of Benjamin and Jennie
Lundy. sister of the lats Mary Cereghino and
tfenjamln and George Lundy and niece of
Hallle l>e. a native of Alameda. Cal., aged
25 years and 6 months
of A. F. Hlnz. a native of Kappcln, Schlcs-
wiB-Holsteln. Germany, aged 61 years 5
months and 19 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
JACODY— In Oakland July 12. 1004. at 5G5
East Eighteenth street, Daisy G.. beloved
daughter of Caroline Jaeoby, and sister of
Charles A. Jaeoby. a native of California.
JONES— In Oakland. July 12. 1904, Elizabeth
Jones, btloved mother of Annie and Mary
Thomas, and sister of Mary Jones, a native
of ¦'Wales, aged 05 years.
KEMP— In this city. July 11. 1904. Hattie,
dearly Beloved wife of Jacob Kemp mother
of Frank and Elwood Kemp, daughter of
Benjamin and the late Elizabeth Lane, and
Bister of Mamie Foster-Peare, a native of
La Grande. Or.CHICAGO,. July 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000; slow; good to prime' steers, $5 5O@{3 45;
poor to medium, v $4 ftO^S; stockers and feed
ers $2 r.0!j|4; cows, $1 50@4 60; ¦ heifers,' $2®
5 60; • canners, $1 60®2 60; bulls, $2@4 40;
calves, - $2 50@B; Western steers. $5@5 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day,- 10,000 ; . to-morrow.
20,000; slow and nominal; mixed and butchem.
$t> 20@5 35; good to choice heavy, $5 30®5 45;
rough . heavy, $5 20@5 30; light, (5 25®5 35;
bulk of sales, $5 S0<S5 45. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; sheep and lambs,
slow ;' good. to choice wethers, $4 60® 5 25; fair
to choice mixed, $3 50©4 40;*. Western sheep,
*4 SS©5; native iambi. $4 ter 80; Western
lEmbs, $7*40." * , : '
Kansas' City.
KANSAS. CITY, :" July 12.—CATTLE^-R«
eelpts. 1500; slow and dull; native staers. $4 25
©6 40; t native cows 'and » -heifers. $2>95 35;
stockers and feeders. $2 75®4 75; bulls, $2 50®
? 60 j calves, $2 75@4 75: Western steers, $4@
6; Western cows. $2@4 25.
- HOGS— Receipts, 2000; packers not buying:
shipreM buying a f*w at 10c lower; bulk of
sales $4 8005;.. heavy. $4 950:5 05; packer*
$4 86®5;plga and lights $4 25@4 90. • --¦ --. - Ti
-SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; slow; muttons,
$3 50@4 75; lambs. $4'50<f?«S 60; range wethers
?ii 76® 4 75; ewes, $3 M«^4. - -. - -- ,
Omaha. "
OMAHA, July .12.— No stock market here to
day on account s of .strike. /.
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
CHICAGO, July 12.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter • market wan steady:
creamery, 13#17c: dairy. 12@15C. Eggs, 14$
15%cJ cheese, irteady, 8@8%e. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
setUed by yesterday's strike at Western p*ck
•"*, Points. Th« Chicago letur ot Mitchell,
ilulcahy & Co. says: "The strike in the pack
ln f m lM>u "* 0 '• th * featur» of interest, at th«
nvjpent. Both .its extent and duration and
erretn on the market as well are extremely
uncertain factors. The natural inference Is
that by restricting production It may for th«
.1 w" 5 "• tollish on the products. It
might have the reverse eiTect later on. In
any event It will be HRi»ty to decrease and
r ™?L*-. oon * ervaUve "Peculatlv* interests.'*
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
he*v y# io%c for light medium. 12 %c for light.
l.,V»c for extra lisfht and l«c for su^ar
cured: Eastern sugar- cored Hams. KW- cali-
Ja 1^!? "ams, 12 %c; Mesa Beef. $HV©
«o2?t^V» bM: extra Mess ' 'H®" 50: Family;
$12912 50; prime M-«s Pork. $14 CO; extra..
clear $21; Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 8»<ic;
Pig Pork. $21; Pigs 1 Feet. $3;' Smoked Beef.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at tWISVjc per lb tor
common and 9c for pure: half- barrels pur».
»*»c; 10-lb tins. 8%c; 5-Ib tins. »t^c; 3-'lt» tina
10c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8-%c; tnrre
half barrels. S',ic; one tierce S'^c; two tierces.
Sc; five tiercea, 7T-»c p«f lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Th» situation in Wool continues v*ry stronir.
As already mentioned, spot ntcclis ar» w«If
cleaned up and no large movement is e>i?*cte<»
until the fall clip appears. Buyers are scram
bling- for tn* fleece m Montana and Wyoming,
where th»y are buying the Wool on the «be*i»»
t>act. Telegrams from Boston say that the
Wool market show.* afroosrt feverish activity
of tradinx. with h!*h prices ruUn*. Many pur- 1
chases are being made by Eastern coneera* It
Is stated that ahont all the n*w clip in th^
West Is now under contract. Thore I* a j*<i-.«t
dt-mand for medium fleeces noted and prtees
are ruling higher.
Hops are quiet and not much activity is
looked" for until th<- new crop business beytr.a
Quotations remain as before.
Hides are very steady and salted «re strong. '
being well cleaned up. Some tanners ar» ac
tive, buyers, having Leather orders for Japan.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and fcranrfsi »-»'
about %61c under quotations. Heavy Sal'ed
Steers. 9^e;. medium. 8%ftl»c; light. 8tJS%c;
Caw Hides. 8€S%c for heavy anrt
smVtc tor light: Stags. ft; saltrd
Kip, 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; galted
Calf, 10*i«lle; dry Hides IRe- dry Klr». I3fc;
dry Calf. 13c: Sheepskins. *h*ar!!n*» *Z&We
each; short Wool. 40««J5e vacn; n>"iium. 7S9
90c: long Wool. IliOl 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2-33 3O for medtnm. $1 23
Ql 75 for small and 50c for Colts. Hors*
Hide3. dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1®1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30e; dry *alt<rt
Mexican, 25c: dry Central Am»rlcan. 3<>$32tie.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75<r: extra forge
do. $1 23; large and smooth. 60e; modiam, 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *tM T ic cer lb;
No. 2. 3%e: grease. 2%«3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip — Hunaboidt and Meodo
cino. 17©19c: San Joaquin and Southern, 12
months' 10012c; do 7 months' 9<Qll<t per n>;
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12@13c
for defective: Northern. 16^190 for free and
14® 16c for defective; Nevada, 13018e. acco*d
ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 2Cxg27%e per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903 Contracts for 1904 crop art quoted
at 17%«20c.
Meat Market. .
All quotations remain as before and pre
vious conditions prevail. Good large Beef I*,
but lean stock ts dull and weak. "Mot-'
ton and Lamb of good quality are still In light
supply. Arrivals of Hogs are sufficient for the
light demand.
. DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 4#6c per lb
for Cows
VEAL — Large. 7@Sc; smalt. igi»>.,o per lb. .
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©8%c; Ewes. 7gSc
per lb.
LAMB— 9-giOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%<§R%c per lb. ,
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound,
Livestock, delivered in San Fra-nclacd less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: . ¦
CATTLE— Steers. 7Vie>7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. «>%««%<!: tb»i» Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — t#4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@5%c; Ewes, 33J3UO
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50©2 75 per head. -H ri
HOGS— Uv© Hogs. 14O to 200 Vb»; 4»4e;
20O to 250 lbs. 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 230 lbs. 4Hc: soft Hogs, nominal: Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per e«nt off and
i Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quer-tta,
I $5 40; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine.
7@&v
CANNED FRUIT — The California Fruit
. Canners" Association quotea the following price*
for the 1901 pack;
— 3 ~
•f ac*l ? 2 '
FRUITS. m S I ¦ * ¦
! Mf ; ;
Apples !|l 6.*.$1 3O$t 20|$l 10
Apricots 1 60 1 25| 1 15s 1 u*
Do peeled 1 9f>» 1 f3l
Do sliced ; 1 00| 1 831 f ....
Blackberries 1 «0| 1 35! 1 25i 1 13
Cherries. Royal Anne. . ' 2 10 1 801 1 85 X 35
Do white 2 C0[ 1 B5! 1 501 I .*»
Do black 1 8i> 1 85| 1 00 1 S»
' Grapes. Muscat 1 25i I 101 1 00} ¦ 90
Nectarines 1 5<>l 1 25 1 151 1 05
Peaches. Yellow 1 "> 1 :i.V 1 :;. 1 |.%
Do. Lemon Cling 2 \M\ 1 75| 1 50! 1 HS
Do. L. C. sliced 2 «0l 1 75| t 601 1
Do. White Heath t 8VI 1 <M> 1 4."! 1 30
Do. W. H.. silted 1 8.1 1 601 1 45i 1 o0
Pears. Bartlett 1 9m 1 »)| 1 4rt| 1 25
Plums, Green Gage .... 1 35? 1 10( 1 W)| JK>
Do. Egg . .... 1 35 .1 1O( 1 CO! J)O
Do, Golden Drop 1 35! J 10- 1 00 00
Do. Damson 1 40| T 151 1 05! I 00
Raspberries 2 50| 3 25[ 2 001 1 «H>'
Strawberries . ...- ; . 2 00| 1 73| I C0( X 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%"lb
sundards. 7(*fi73c; gallon standanls. $2 15;: 3
lb solid pack, «1. Green P«as-« Baby p^tits
pois. $1 60; petit* pois $125; extra sifted.
$115; standard sifted. $1; standard*. 85c; Mar
rowfats, 82 %c; gallon sifted. $4 ;'3; gallon
standard. $3 75; f. o. b./ San FrancUsco.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton^NeV Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. *tt SO; Bryant. $« 50: Beav«r
HiU. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn >$7:. Cooa
Bar $•"> 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rtchmnnd,
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and ?.' 1 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgjJ, .. |14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannet. $S 60 per t,m: Coke. $11 5r>Gl3
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; 7tocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 fier 2000 IDs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand. * ¦« -
PACIFIC - CODFISH — Bandies, per 1&,
4%c; cases, regnlar. 5%c; cases, extra Urge,
8%c; Eastern style. 6% c; boneless. «^o; "Nor.
way," «%e; "Narrow Giuge." 6%e; "srjver
King." 7%o; blocks. "Oriental," d&c; blocks.
"Seabright." 6%c: tablets. 7c: middles. 739^«;
fancy boneless. fV*99%e: pickled Cod. bbr*.
$7 60; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 23; Pirars*
Cove Cod Liver Oil. - per dozen pints. $<?; per
gallon. $3 25, less 10 per cent.
CORDAGE^ — The local company quotes as fol
lows, 60 days or % per cent discount tot cash,
no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila U^r,
Sisal. lOHe; Duplex, 0*ic; Bale Rope, 11WQ
ll*ic per lb. ,-:.-•.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14fil5%e for sertetiy
prime to fancy washed; 12%t?13%o tor prim*
washed; 10%©12Vic for good washed: U%f?i:ia
tor good to prlm« washed p«ab«rry; 10@ll<:
tot good to prime peaberry; I1^12*4c for good
to prime: 9<filO%c for fair; 7%QS%c for com
mon to ordinary. >
Salvador— 13@14o. for fancy washed; 125?12%e
for strictly prime washed; 10V>&ll%e for good
to prime waihed; O'flO'ic for fair washed;
lifcgl 2c for fair to prime washed pea berry: !<>'£
10%c for good to prime semi-washed; !H;8?>*40
for superior unwashed; 9c for good green un
washed;-9%t$10o for good to superior unwwb.
ed peaberry; 7@8o for inferior to ordinary.. - ¦"-¦
Nicaragua— 11%013%c tar prime to' fancy
washed; 9@10%c for fair to strictly good wash
ed; 8%@9%c for good to superior unwashed;
SVitJlOc for good to prime' unwashed peab*rr5t. ,
Guatemala' and Mexican— 13% @l5c for fane* .
washed; ll^CU'/ic for prime to strictly prtm»
1 washsd: U9U%e for strictly good wswhed;
10%<ftl0*4e for tood washed; 9U«t»44« for fatr
wasned: «i»?I0c for medium; 73.1c for interior
to ordinary; 10H®12c for irood to prime washed
peabeiTy &v,fl\0c tor good to prime mtwashed
peaberry; 8%i©9%c for good to superior un-
W LEATBER — Bolft. bearr. 29O31e; «tora
! heavy. 31tg33c . per lb: mgdfnm. tWMC;
NEW YORK, July 12.— The wavering and
uncertain fluctuations in to-day's stock market
gave place to some positive . evidences . of
strength late In the day. with considerable in
crease in .animation of the dealings. | As a
reflection of sentiment" over the outlook for the
bUkiiK** lndufctry the movement may be' con
strued as an expression of hopefulness,* still
tempered by uncertainties. The * immediate
rnoverrcr.t wa* mostly professional and was
laristly induced by "characteristic trade mo
tives, bat the underlying conditions in the
nv.rktt which mad* such professional opera
tions successful must be considered,- and glv«
the true value to the action of the securities
market a« an Index to conditions of- a com
prehensive ecope. The motives which actuated
th« trading were plainly made up in large
part of supposition^ as to the source of the
transactions in the market and suspicions
au to the market operations which might be
going on under cover of the more open orders
given. 5 The easing off Of prices after the
opening, in face of the encouraging color. of
the 'jovcrnment's monthly crop report, was a
source of much disappointment and was taken
to indicate ctearly that the speculative party
which took proflits on so large a scale yester
day were *tili eager to realize on their hold
ings -n all advantageous opportunities. The
room trader* later became suspicious that
wa* deigned U» depress prices In order
that stocks sold at a profit yesterday might
be rebourht at a lower level. This suspicion
*LV L m .l In lnfla , ence 1° *«« 'ate rise, which
«;bbrav«-d the _ whole market. The conclunlon
?K a ? /£ m °7 of the rise Is that
the testing of the market by last week's
profetcional operations proved its absorptive
teJJrt!2 C( W, new commltmenu for
a further ri«. Confidence in th» success- of
th« country's harvrns was probably an Impo^
tant influence in the better tone of specula
tive wntinent. although It was not manifest.
It wan feared that tb« good condltlon/acoort:
lnr tu the Government report, mieht have
d««rlc ra ted Hince the date of ' thT condition
there indicated, and the weekly bulletin of
th* Wither -Bureau wa« awaited' Iti publica
tion at noon; aroused some . apprchonilon in
the grain markets, owing to the damage to
winter, wheit reported. Borne Tather • alarm -
Ing ; private arvicM regarding crop damage also
had an effect In the whoat market but wer*
ignored in the stock market.- The strike of
meat workers strengthened the provision mar
ket and cannct be said to have aided the rise
in stocks. Thft market" closed nctlva and
strong and with many ne changes, rangina
from 1 to 2 points. ¦¦ ainng
There waa some Irregularity In the bond
market, due to early ¦ weakness -In 1 few is
sues. Total sales, par value, $3,640,000.
United State* bonds were unchanged on call.
Netu Yotk Stock Market.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— To-day's state-
Bient -of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, show* available
cash balance, $li0.371,0t;i; gold, $59,518,424 -
Cash in the Treasury.
CHICAGO, July 12.'— Cash quotations were as
follows:
Flour— Firm.
Spring wheat— No. 2, 0u@98c; No. 3, 86@95c;
No. 2 red, 95c@$l. •
Corn— No. 2. 43%c; No. 2 yellow, 66c.
Oats— No. 2, 3«c; No. 3 white, 4o@41c.
Rye— No. 2^ 65@6tic.
- Barley — Good feeding. 33@38c; fair to choice
malting, 45<S60c.
Flax seed— No. 1, $1 12; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 17%. • „, . ; r.;?i
Timothy seed— Prime, $2 05.
M«-«« pork— Per bbl.. $12 S0®-12 85. .
Lard— Per 10O lbs.. $« S»5@0 »7%.
Short ribs sides— Loose. $7 12%@7 37%.
Short clear side*— Boxed, $7®7 12%.
Whiskey— Basis high whus, $1 28. •_ .¦ -¦* ¦ ;.
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.'
Flour, barrels ...... 10.800 ,12.300
Wheat, bushels . .'. 214.000 17,800
Com. bushels 253.000 17.200
Oats, . bushels ...128,000 65,700
Rye, .'bushels ........... 1,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 ......
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW TORK, July 12.— Money on call easy,
l^lH per cent, cloning bid 1 per cent, offered
at I'm per cent. Time money easy sixty days
2 p»r cent: ninety days, 2% per cent; six
months. 3U@3% pe r cent. Prime mercantile
parer. 304 per cent. Sterling exchange easy
with actuat hurlr.ess In bankers' bills at
f4.873Cg i 4.8725 for demand and at $4.8315e
$J.ft520 for sixty days. Posted rates »4 8fi®
4 88. Commercial bills. $4 S5@4 85%. B\r
silver. ¦ 58'/*c. Mexican dollar*. 45%c Gov
ernment bonds, steady; railroad bonds Ir
rerular. " •
New York Money Market,
EASTEltN 3IAEKETS.
SHORTS— $22^23 per ton.
FEED8TUFFS— Rolled Barley." $21022 per
ton; Oilcake Meat at the mill, $31 50<#32 50;
Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut €ake, $22®23; Corn
Meal. $30 50@3i 50; Cracked Corn. $31«32;
Mixed Feed. $22©22 50: Horso Beans $30®40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90o per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $10*312 50; WSeat and Oat.
$10@li 60; Oat. 17611; Barley and Oat. $7
C»; Volunteer Wild Oat. ~ *7«» ;. stock. *t>©7;
Clover. $7 50@lO; Alfalfa. $7@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— eO@S6c per bale.
Beans and Seed£>. •
¦ Dullness still prevails In th« Bean market.
and prices have not changed much for several
weeks. Ther« has been considerable fluctua
tion In Seeds of late; a* most descriptions are
scarce and very firm, " but there was nothing
new yesterday.
Bayo*. $2 40®2 55; Pea.. $2 00@3;
Butters. $3; small i White $2 85©3 10; larga
White. $2 35<g2 60;^ Pfnk. $3 40«3 50: Red.
$4 25®4 60; Lima. $3 3O@3 40; Red Kidney*.
$4 7505; Blackeye. $2 05®2 13 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 60
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax,- 91 9062 25; Canary, tt%^
7c; Alfalfa. 14^1 ec; Rape. I%<g2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp, 3%"@3%c per lb; Millet.
2%@3ttc; Broom Corn Seed. $20*321 per ton. I
DRIED PEA8— Green Peaa. $3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market developed a stronger ton*. !
under light receipts and a good demand for
local consumption, which readily absorbed tn*
receipts. Burbanks from the river were quoted
higher, while Early Rose and Garnet Chiles'
were unchanged- Onions wers firm, particu
larly Reds, which were scarce Small quan
tities of Sweet Potatoes from CoachelU were
Offering at 6c per pound, but found few buyers.
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was nor
mal, but receipts of most kinds were too heavv
for tha market to absorb and prices atill had
a downward tendency. Tomatoes. Cucumbers
and Summer Squash were weak at lower ratrrf
and Egg Plant and Green Peppers were In
increased supply and sold by the box at sharply
reduced prices. " ' • !
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river. '
$1 50@2 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $2®2 10
per ctl: Early Rose. SI 60©l 60; Garnet Chiles, i
$1 6001 75; old Potatoes. »1@1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, *1 15 per- sack; Silver
skins. $1 40® 1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn $1®1 6O per
sack and $1 5002 per crate; Asparagus. \Q)
6c per lb; Rhubarb 40@65c per box; Garden
P*a«. 3%@4e per lb; String and Wax Beans, ,
203%c per lb; Lima Bean*. 8» per lb; To-:
msuoes tn small boxes and crates, 60975c; j
large open boxes, $t'8I 50; Summer Squash, i
25@6Ge per box; Cabbage, *1 per ctl; Carrots.
$1 per sack; Cucumbers, 35<@5Uc per box; Gar-"
We. 3%@4c per lb; Egg Plant $1 23<g/l 5O per
box; Dried Peppers, 8@10c for sun-dried and
12%@13c per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra,
12%@15o per 16; Green Okra, 15c per lb; Green
Peppers. $1 25@1 50 for Chile and $1 5C&1 75
for Bell. :
Poultry and Game.
I
No more We#tern poultry was put on sale I
and the receipts from domestic sources wer* ¦
moderate, but trade waa quiet and the market '
still had a weak tone. Fryejs were quoted [
lower and Broilers were Inclined to easiness, ¦
with some dealers offering concessions In order I
to clean up. A car of Western falls due to- '
day. Receipts of Game consisted almost en- ,
tirely of Wild Doves, which were weak at
lower prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c per lb; !
Geese, per pair $1 25ifU 50; Goslings, $1 25@
1 60; Ducks, $3 5O4f4 60 per dozen for old and
J4#5 for young; Hens. $4 50©5 for large and
$4i?!4 50 for small; young Roosters, $7 50@T>;
old Roosters. $4«?4 50: Fryers. $4 50(35 50;
Broilers. $3 50@4 fcr large and $2 5O®3 for
small- Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 25#1 5O for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 50® 60c per dozen; Hare, j
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits $2 per \
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ;
Conditions in Batter remain unchanged. Re- |
celpts are liberal, stocks are heavy, Eastern i
cubes are cutting into the trade in the State
product and almost every house is making
concessions to gat rid of its surplus. The feel- '
ins is naturally weak under these conditions. ;
Cheese Is not as firm as Just before the re- i
cent advance. Dealers report that posted buy- j
era want the best In the market at not to ex- I
ceed 9c. and If they cannot get It leave the ';
store »nd do not come back. The inference, i
therefore, is that they get it somewhere at this '
figure. The supply is large- and the market Is '
lew active. • ' \
Eggs are firm and are again apparently mov
ing upward, the majority of houses quoting
27c for the best ranch, which are in light j
supply. The medium and lower grades are also I
steadying in sympathy with ranch.
Receipts were 06.600 lbs Butter. 1653 cases '
Eggs and S700 lbs. Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21@2%c :
for extras and 2uc for firsts; dairy. 17«20c;
store Butter, 1 4 ft 1 tic : Ban tern creamery, iu%i&
20c; Eastern ladle-packed 14@15%c per lb.
CHEFSE— 6@9%c for Choice mild new and
SO8%0 for lower grades; Young Americas. 10®
10%c; Eastern, 10@15e: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 24©27c for fair to choice;
store. U»fT2lo; Eastern. 20@22%c for firsts and
17®19c for seconds. /
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was still badly congested '
with common offerings of Peaches, chiefly of
the Hale's Early variety, which moved very
slowly at 2."<s:>.->i; per small box. The abun
dance of poor fruit had a depressing effect on
the sale of superior quality offerings and the
St. John variety of yellow, which were in com
paratively light supply, were weak, with 50c
per box an extreme figure. Receipts of baskets
from the river were light and some exception
ally fine lots of yellow commanded a small
premium on the wharf. Plums, Prunes and
common Pears were abundant with prices Ir
regular, while flne offerings of Apples and good
Bartlett Pears were steady under a good de
mand, both < for local use and /shipping ac
count. Apricots and Figs did better under
decreased receipts and the first erop of tha
latter is about exhausted In some sections.
Cherries were ¦ offering at 50c@|l per drawer
and 5@6c per pound in bulk, but sold very
slowly. The White Nectarines that came in
on the preceding day were still held at 50i@65c
I per box or crate, but were slow sellers, as
i the fruit was I too hard and green to invite
; trade. Cantaloupes from Bakersfleld were more
; plentiful and lower, while other Melons were
¦ unchanged. The demand for Long worth Straw
! berries showed some improvement and price*
ranged higher, but the other Berries continued
to drag.
I The feature of the Citrus market was the
arrival of two cars of Valencia Oranges, which
were readily disposed of at $1 75@2 50 per box
The steamer Alameda from Honolulu brought
- up 2973 bunches of Bananas and 164 crates of
Pineapples.
STRAWBERRIES; — $3«15 per chest for Long
worths and 91 75jft! 50 for the larger varieties
LOGANBERRIES — $2®3 per chest for red
.and $2(82 50 fOr black
BLACKBERRIES— $3©4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50@« per chest.
* CURRANTS— $638 per' chest.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and Crates, 50*r7Se;
in bulk, l%($2%e per lb to the trade and $20©
30 ter ton to the canners.
APPLES — Fancy Gravensteins. $1 3&81 60
per box; other varieties. $1©1 25 per box for
choice and 60@75c for common; Crab Apples,
90ctf$l per box.
PEARS— Bart'ett. $1 1001 25 for wrapped;
and 75c@$l 23 for open boxes; small green va-.i
rietles. 40j?5Oc per small box or basket.
PEACHES — 25<g50c per box; .baskets, 400'
60c; open boxes, 60<ffl85c- ' . - :
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50©75c per- crate
and 35050c p«r box; baskets. 20830c for Plum*
and 40@6Oc for Prunes.
FIGS — 40@50c for single-layer and 75c<8$l
for double-layer boxes; large boxes. $1 25®
1 60. . I
' MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachelta, *1 25
®2 per crate; from Bakernflek], 91 W*?3 50 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, $1 2."S<§1 60 per box;!
Watermelons l%o per lb.
GRAPES — Slfil 00 per crate .
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. « $1 60O2 60 per
box for Valencia! and $1 5002 for Mediterra
nean'8weets; Lemons. $2 25(82 73 for fancy,
$1 50&1 75 for choice and 91@1 23 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit, $1 .V)tft2 50; Mexican Limes,
$4&4 50 per. case; BacarAS. -$1 2r.(fT2 60 cer
bunch for Central American and $1®2 for Ha'*
watian: Pineapples, $1 S0&2 60 per dozen.
Dried Fnnts,Nu4s,kaisinsJHoney.
Th» situation shows no change. The two- i
kers report tha market for new fruits quiet ¦
at steady prices. Raisins and Prunes are dull, I
with considerable stocks still on hand. Nuts ,
are Inactive and featureless. Honey does not'
move *off well In spite of the short crop. !
owing *t» the free imports • of the Cuban and :
Hawaiian articles, as already mentioned. j
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots.. 714$
9%c; Peaches, 6%Q7%c per lb. Old crop —
Evaporated Apples. «%®7%c; sun-dried, 3® '
4%C.
PRUNES— 1603 crop, 2©2Kc tor the four
sizes. -
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1901
crop <sub.1ect to change without notice) are urn
follows: 60-lb boxes — Loose> Muscatels. 4-crown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-erown. 4c: 2-ero*n. 3%c: Thompson's
geeale**- - **/ ¦e*dl«»« Sultanas, 3%c; seedless "
Musatels. .Tic; do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, l«-ot carton*. .- fancy; 6%c; choice, 5 Vie;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice | 4%c: in 1
bulk, fancy. 5Uc; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters - $3: Dehesa, 92 50; fancy. $2; ¦HLondon
Layers 3-crown. . $1 35; 2-crown. «1 25. .
. NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell ¦ 13 14014c •
No. 2 ll%«12c; N6. 1 hardshell. 13@13%o :
No. 2, Il®ll%c: Almonds, 11 %<j for Nonpa
reils, 11 &c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts e®7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11913c: Cocoanuts, $4 50»5
HONEY— Comb. ll%ei2Hc. for. white and
10rt?llc for amner: water white extracted,' 5*»
Oc: ¦ light amber extracted, 4%©S<s; dark
3%©4o. " - . •
Beeswax— 27@29<s per ib. :
Provisions.
¦ The local market continues Quiet' and' with
out new feature. The Chicago market is ua-
, A thunderstorm is reported at Pocatello.
The following high winds are reported f
Northhead, 30 miles, northwest; Spokane, 32
i-iiir.s, south; Pocatello, 30 miles, west: Salt
Lake CUT, 44 miles, west: Modena, 38 miles,
pcuthwest; Flagstaff, 36 miles, southwest, and
Independence. 36 miles, north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 13:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Soul hern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, with thunder
storms in northern portion; continued cool;
brisk northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; brisk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For th* twenty- four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian tljne, San Francisco, July 12:
Hg 53 ft " «»• I
If*! § ° B- £
STATIONS. j» 3 o « Sa
a S 2 I 35
? ? i 5 53- :
: : * ? ? s ,
Cloverdale 91 47 ~. Clear [co
Colusa i*. 84 56 Clear .00
Eureka 58 52 NW Clear .00 |
Fresno 92 56 N' . Clear .00
Hanford ., 92 65 Clear ¦ .00
Holllster 87 48 Lt.Fog A*)
Independence . . . r . . 84 62 N Clear .Ot»
King- City J... 90 46 Clear .00
Livermore 87 52 Clear .00
Los Angeles 80 56 W Clear .00
Merced «2 45 Clear .00
Napa 83 50 S Clear .00
Newman 95 51 Clear .00
Palermo 91 M Clear .W
Porterville 89 65 Clear .00
Red Bluff 92 60 SW Clear ¦¦.©¦?
Riverside 95 49 Clear AH)
Sacramento S3.54--S- Clear .00 I
Ban Diego 70 62 TV Clear .00
San Francisco fi2 54 W Clear 1 .00
San Jose 81 62 Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo.... 80 50 W Clear .00
Santa Maria 73 52 Clear .00'
Santa Rosa 81 47 Clear .oo
Stockton 84 60 Clear .00
Willows 88 66 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged. -'
Riverside — Apricots about all harvested.
Napa — Weather conditions Improving.
Cluverdale — Foggy mornings; plums getting
ripe.
Santa- Maria — Blustering, windy day, but no
change in crnp conditions.
Palermo — Tragedy prunes being harvested.
Hollister — Prunes -doing well; fruit large
size on Irrijated lands. ,
Willows — Crop conditions unchanged.
Livermore — Light hay crop around Pleas
anton.
King City — Cold foggy mornings; young al
falfa doing well under past cool weather.
Hanford — Canneries can first peaches to
morrow: prai.es look excellent.
Stockton — Light shipments of canning
peaches arriving; quality good.
Newman — Harvesting practically completed.
A. G. McADIE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Hopeful speculators
were misled at the outset by a more promising
outlook In the Weather conditions in the Mis
souri Valley and offered wheat for Kale, al
though they . believed the worst was over. :
•Opining sales for September were at 84 %c t» |
bi'Hc a decline of i/i/ lio to %@ 1 ,i t c, and' for:
a time there was sharp rivalry among traders !
to rid themselves of their long holdings. Tha j
Government crop estimate, showing a liberal
increase in production, helped to produce the '
Short lived bearish tone. Before the rise was
fairly digested, however, other crop reports
from the Northwest, together with predictions
Of rain in the Southwest, created A «cleslre to
buy which became contagious. September sold
up to M%e and 0 caused earlier sellers to regain
.the lines disposed ot. on the decjine and. Uie .
close was a shade under the top "• at M5K@
fetfKc
3 Corn was influenced by the early decline in
wheat prices. The close, however, was steady
at 4H^©48%c for September.
Trade In oats was dull, fluctuations being
within a narrow 'range. September closed at
the opening figure, 31%e32c.
The strike at the stock yards created an .un
certain feeling among provision operators, but
there was a Jclr demand. Prices held
throughout the list, the clo.«e showing Septem
ber rork 10c higher.' September lard was up
He and ribs showed -a gain of 5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article*. Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — "
July, old fi0*4 93 00 -92%
July, new... «!)¦% 92% 89% 92%
Sept.. old... 85% 87% • 85% StiVi
Sept.. new... 84?i 8«H . 84% 86k
Corn No. 9 — • *
July ' 4S 4S% 48 48%
September 4S?fc ¦ . 4ST-, 4S% 48%
December 44J4 44% 44% 44%
Oate. No. 2 —
July 3S% . 38Ts 38% 38%
September .. 32 32 3H4 32
December ... S2% 32% 32% 32%
Mtis pork, per bbl. — ' .
July 12 R0 12 90 12 80 12 85
September ..12 95 13 07% 12 95 13 00
Lard, oer 100 lb». — .
July :..6 97% 7 00 ¦' 6 85 6 95
Beptember ..7.03 7 12% 7 06 - ' 7 07%
October .... 7 12% 7 12% 7 12% 7 12%
Short ribs sides, per 100 lbs. —
July 7 45 7 45 7 42% 7 45
September .. 7 65 7 70 7 63 7 67%
October ..... 7 72% 7 75 7 70 7 72%
Chicago Board of Trade.
Exchange and Bullion. j
Changes In Silver and Exchange were in
significant.
The Kcrea took out a treasure list of $833,- |
B15, consisting of $6445 In "Meslcan dollars, ¦
$710 In gold coin and 3360 Chilian pesos for ,
Hongkong. $83,000 In silver bnlllon for Shang. i
hai and $745,000 In Mexican dollars for Hiogo. I
The steamer Mongolia, due here from Japan
July 15. brings 3.300,000 Japanese gold yen
from Japan for local banks. .
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty dayi... — $4 S3« I
Sterling Exchange, sight" — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange cables — 4 8S%
New York Exchange, sight ¦ — ¦ C9
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07^4
Silver, per ounce :... — CS^i
Mexican Dollars 46% Q 47 ;
INTERNATIONAL.
Xaw York on Mexico ....218
Berlin on London 20.41
Paris on London 25.21 i
. Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ ¦'' \. ¦
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates continue '
unsettled and more or' less nominal at about
17s Od, usual European options with the ship- j
owners'i combine holding out for 22s 6d for
Wheat fend 2Hs 9d for Flour and Barley. The '
chartered Wheat fleet in port haa a registered ;
tonnage of 4775. against 25,000 tons on ths
same date last year; disengaged, 81.080 tons. I
against 79,550; on the way to this port, 250,
760 tons, against 403.200.
WHEIAT — The foreign markets were quiet. |
with lower. Paris futures. -, \. . <¦,_-'
J Chicago advanced l%c to 80Vic. The*«ec-J
retary of the Nebraska Grain Dealers' Asso
ciation is.*ued a statement saying that State
reports show a damage of 20 to 25 per ce*nt in
quantity and that the quality Is also affected.
The Government .report indicates a- ' crop of
616.000,000 bushels. -
The Chicago wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. said: -"The Government report was about
as, had been expected. It specified, however,
that no account had been taken of any damage
that has occurred in the Southwest since the
first instant. Jones issued a report estimat
ing a maximum crop of 580,000,000 bushels,
stating that it was not likely to be reached.
The Government estimate of stocks in farmers'
hands, supplemented by the visible, makes an
extremely small reserve. Cash Wheat is going
In all markets to mills at much better than
Chicago. prices. /With the small stocks it does
not take much to advance the market. Tho
conditions look strong, the action of the mar
ket Is certainly ctrong. and the tendency seems
higher. We doubt if foreign markets Can long
remain Indifferent to the radical change that
has taken place in the wheat situation in this
country in the last few weeks." r
This market continues quiet with the cash
grain not materially changed, but futures are
higher. The shippers and millers are doing
very little buying at present. . -
CASH WHEAT. ,
• California Club. $1 27H®1 32%; California
White Australian, $1 52%@1 57%; Northern
Club. $1. 30@l 35; Northern Bluestem. $150
@1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.- High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 31 $131% $131 $131%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 31% $131% $1 31W $1 aHi
BARLEY — The feeling is firmer all around.
Futures are higher, the cash grain is strong
under light offerings, the brewers are now ac
tive buyers of new brewing, several shippers
are- look in* for supplies in the country, and
one at least is trying to make up a cargo for
England at $1 Port Costa, but with indifferent
success, as the holders are asking $1 05. In
addition, the millers are looking about the
country for supplies so the situation seems
to be assuming considerable strength. There is
a good deal of talk to the effect that both the
Wheat and -Barley crops will probably turn
out lighter than expected, owing to the larger
quantity of . pinched and i otherwise Inferior
grain -this year, and this impels buyers to en
ter the Held for supplies in order to forestall
a possible advance" in prices later on.
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed. »6U<808%c; new Brewing, $1 02%@
1 05: old Brewing, $1 05&1 10; Chevalier.
$1 02%®l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:80 a. m. ¦ -V''
Open. High. Low. Close.
December... O7',i 08 97tf 97%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... -98 .98 . 97% . 97%
OATS — The market continues quiet and un
interesting, with Reds forming ¦ practically all
the stock offering. Receipts are moderate and
the demand is of a Jobbing character. ' -
Old crop — White, $1 32%. New crop — Red,
$1 15@1 30: Gray nominal.
I CORN— 'Dealers report the market very dull,
with stocks of Western rather : in excess of
the demand, which Is very light.
> Western sacked, $1 45&1 47% for Yellow.
$1 45@1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small
round do, $1 50@l CO; White $1 45®1 60 per
ctl; Egyptian, fl 30@l 35 for White and
$1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE — There, li no demand, and - quotation*
are largely nominal, at about $120 for new
and $1 30#l 32% for old. Offerings are light.
- BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
/ ': Flour and Millstufisl* \
. These products show no changes worthy of
note. ' The ¦ local demand for Flour Is fair,
but the export demand is dull. ' Mlllstuffs are
selling along quietly as usual. ,
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 00, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50^4 SO;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S54J1 25
per bbl. - .
- MILLSTUFFS — Prices . in packages ' are ae
follows : Graham .' Flour. $3 60 per ICO • lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 26; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;.
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@i 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oat«, bbls. $T 25@8 60; in sacks. $3 75^
8 10; Pearl i Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100; lbs.
r Hay and Feedstuff s. • j
¦ ¦ • . ~~- — . -->-./¦ ¦ ¦
These markets are tame and devoid of fea
ture at the moment There Is plenty of Hay
coming, in and the < local retailers . and feeders .
are buying only as they need , running sup
plies. "The > large ; handlers are waiting to"
buy . in the country at , lower prices, and the
farmers. In their • turn, are hxHding oft for
better « prices, so • there ., is a kind of , deadlock
at present. ¦ - Quotations a re unchanged ' but
the i feeling ; is rather , weak than otherwise.
Arrivals of Bran from the North hare fallen
off again, but - the market is * still easy and
quiet at; previous pricrg.
. BRAN— $22<©23 per ton.
<~ MIDDLINGS— $24<?29 per ton. '
LOQAL 3IAEKETS.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. O. McAdle. section
direction of tbe climate and. crop service of
the We&t&er Bureau. Is as ic!lo»«:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature was slightly below the nor
niaJ and the weather generally clear during
thf- week. Fcgt prevailed In the coast districts
*nd light rain fell in some sections. Fire de
ftroyed considerable grain on Victoria Island.
Warmer weather prevailed at the close of the
tvtek.
i'ne cra!n crop is being rapidly harvested
i..id thratrhed. The yield 1« much b*low aver
u_«? in the Sacramento and ban Joaquln val
t*>s and Southern California, but a lair crop
k being harvested in portions of the coast dls-
UlcU. Most of the grain ie reported inferior
Hi i;uaJit>. The ha»- crop has been gathered
and baling is progress-ing rapidly; they hay 1*
at exeelieru quality and the yield heavy in all
j-iaces except the south. Hops are making
*--teady improvement end in »orne -sections will
5 it id an avor&se crop. Utti.s. sugar beeie
and corn continue in good condition. Garden
> - .,¦ •R.r.-'.-r- are abundant end of good quality.
iJty feed is beocming scarce.
The first crop of t>weet»ater grapes was 6ent
from Vacaville during the wetk. Reports
froni all sections indicate that the grape crop
1* in ftrst-class condition and that the yielJ
WH1 probably be above average. Deciduous
Cnuts Uie n:ade\ some improvement during
the t>ast two weeks, and the crop now matur
ing Kives promise of better yields than ex
lw-Cted a few weeks ago. Fruit picking, can
ning and drying are in progress. The codling
BtoUi la irjuring appUs and pears in orchards
not sprayed. Apricots are yielding an excel
lent crop In San Benito County. Oranges are
iu £t«jd condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather was
cicir and cool during the week, with light
, winds. Orain harvest ing and bay baling cow
; tinu«d Tiithout interruption. Wheat and bar
ky tre yielding light crops In raort places,
and Uie tjuality of the grain is rather inferior.
'i itis partial failure of the grain crop is prob
ably due to excessive rainfall in the spring
and the dry north winds In May and June.
Ths hay crop U above averape in Rome sec
tions, liopm rn the Wbeatland district are in
excellent condition and the yield will be larger
than usual.* Apricots and early peaches are
nearly aii catfl^red' and dirpofed of. - Large
shipments of IJartlrtt pears are being made
frora Sacramento. Prunes and ii^aefce* are re-
I<Tt«d light. Graphs ar<? in good ccnJ'tion and
a heavy crrp !s exported. OrattfCE at Palermo
ere Oevtlojiins Fati*Tacxorily. .
.•-r>APT ANT> BAY BBCTION9. — Cf»>I weath»r
c< nrinaed Curing the week and conditions were
: • -at ,. tor crops. Light rain fell in some
I ttans. tjruin harve«un»f *md llirashin^ ari»
! r< rrf-fslr.jf satisfarlorlly and the yield of
vN at. '*w and barley is reported very good.
1 if biding continues: the yield and quality
I afcetrc sv»T8pe in nearly all eectiens. Hops
t • • .ioing well ami a good crop i» expected.
! ear beet* «na beans are making excellent
f-.v-th. Apricot picking has commenced and
it* rsnnerios are in operation; the crop in
*¦ tip wctiong if heavy and the quality ex
cdieat. Peaches are ripening and in some lo
nUltlei will yield a fair crop. Apples and
farp sr* 1 r*lng injured by codling moth. An
tinuKuaUy heavy crop of grapes is probable in
ell (Wthtiis The f.rtt Swec-twater grapes were
•ent frora Vacavilie during the week.
SAX JO AMVIS VALLKY.-O.ear and sea
r"i:able weather prevXUed during pa*t weeje.
Ilarrc^tine and thrashlns; irrain are r>roirregg
lnr rapidly in fill sections: the crop is below
the averag*. Fire destroyed several hundred
acres of grain on Victoria Island on Tuesday.
A pood hay crop has been harvested and bal
ing is pi-ogresFing. The deciduous fruit crop
Is ripening rapidly and in some sections the
crop is good. Dryors and canneries are in op
eration and large shipments of green fruit are
bting rnad» to local and Eastern markets.
Melon? are being shipped freely. Orange
pros;>ect2 are good. Grapes are making good
pro»rre«w and a large crop is promised. Feed
U retting scarce, fcui stock are healthy and
in fair condition. Water in ditches is getting
low. ,
3OCTHER1* CALIFORNIA.— Clear <iay« and
cloudy or foggy nights prevailed during, the
¦week, with temperature slightly below normal.
Aii^'.fa if yielding a Jair crop in some F-jction*.
V>ut irra!n an1 hay are much below average.
JVans «n<5 w;(rar beets continue in good con
dition and evprage crops are probable. Grapes
ere making satisfactory progress and pros
pects are good for a large yield. Melons are
of pxeell^rit quality and the crop Is heavy.
Iieciduous fruits ere ripening slowly and a
few pears. pearh«s ana apricots are In market.
The navel orange crop in come sections will
be lighter than usual. Berries are plentiful
mnd of good quality.
I,OS AJSaiOJSM BUMMAttY.r-Cool until the
dose of the trp^k when hot spell set In. Apri
cot harvest is in fall progress. Some complain
that orangfe are Dot wettini; more than hall a
crop.- The demand for irrigating water is in
creasing.
ECREKA SUMMARY.— Oat« are filling nice
ly, trot Httle will hf thrashed as mwt of tb" ',
crop will bf cut for hay. Apples will be much
1«<f than last year'* yield, caused by cold
rains while in bloom.
¦ Weather Report.
'120th M«tMI«'u— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
p*rature« art; rer*>rted for the previous day
lr'-m Eastern sLktiont:
BoKfro "»<4-7f>!N>w Orleans... W-74
Cincinnati 88-C6 Philadelphia ... *$-<$
Jacksonville ... M-70 Washington SS-€«
St. Lewis B8-B2N«w York 82-72
SAN FIIAN<'IS<'O «2-C4
TIIE COAST RECORD.
r 2 2 O *~2
ill; [ -f
Btkw 23- «« 70 T,H NE Clear JOO
Ct.n<m 29. %« 7^ 42 TV C\rxr 00
Eureka 30.14 ft« 62 NW Aear .00
Fresno 2».64 J»2 !A N near OO
FE-F*araIlon..2S.JW M 53 SW C*lear '«>
Fiststaff . 2».C« f« 44 SW Clear ' 09
P<ic*tell<j 29.12 74 60 *E Cloudy Io2
IracpenflMlre 29. 7« «4 B2 N Clear fK>
Lo« Angeles.. 23. K0 «0 5« W Clear
Mi. Tama!nAis30-00 7?. 46 tiXV Clear no
Xorth Head.. .SO. 24 R4 S2 NW Clear *G0
Phoenix 29.50 10« 78 W Clear '<»
Pi. Reyes Lt.. 23.83 61 CO NW Clear 'oo
Portland SO. 16 62 54 NW Pt.CM» ; 00
l:ed BKiff ...2».M 92 fio SW near 00
Rr*ebttrg 30.14 «« 56 N Clear 00
6t«r»rrj»*nto ..£9.^8 W M R Clear "o©
Fait Lake 29.72 M 70 NW Clear 00
Fan Franolteo.23.»« €2 54 W - 'Clear- OO
e. L. Obispo..29.»4 fO 5O W Clear "oo
Pan T»«|ro ...23.M 70 62 W Clear !«>
battle 80. 1R 60 Ji2 N Cloudy 00
tpukane ." 2S.70 K> 6« SW Clear T
Tatooeh 30. IS 54 f>0 NW Clear .00
¦Walla Walla. .29.68 78 €4 BW Clear T
tllnnemucca .29.S4 70 62 N Cleer 04
Vuma ... .29.S8 100 76 BW Clear .oo
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
< FORI3CAST.
There has been a decided fs* In tempera
ture ova-Utah, Idaho/Oregon and Washing
ton. At Bait Lake City the temperature has
CfcHen 22 degree* and at Poeatcllo 28 degrees.
Za California seasonable weather prevails.
IVall-strcct Stocks rather higher. Cotton also advanced. \ '
Local Securities more active, with several Sugar Stocks higher.
Shipment of $838,515 in Treasure to the Orient.
Slight variations in Silver and Exchange.
Active and increasing demand for Barley in Hie interior.
Government report indicates Wheat crop of 616,000,000 bushels.
Wheat Freights nominal, with Tonnage plentiful.
Oats and Corn quiet and unchanged. Rye nominal.
Flour and Mil I stuffs in fair local demand.
Hqy zi'cak and quiet. Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Seeds firm, but no higher. Beans dull.
Potatoes again stronger under light receipts and a good demand.
Onions firm. Vegetables plentiful and tveak.
Not much change in Poultry and Game.
Fruiis in good supply, with Peaches especially abundant.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins quiet.
Butter mid Cheese in large supply and easy.
Eggs again advance under diminishing supplies.
Provision market unsettled, owing to the strike.
Hides firm, Wool in excellent condition and Hops quiet.
Local tanners report Japanese orders for Leather.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
short bills is* 2 3-16 per cent and for thre»
months bills 2 3-16@2Vi pe' cent.
New York Cotton' Market.
NfifWYORK, "July 12. — Futures opened
strong; August, lO.66c; September, 9.75c; Oc
'tober, 8.55c; .November, . 9.53c; December,
».22c." -
' Spot cotton closed quiet, twenty . points
'higher. Middling' uplands, 11.15c; middling
gulf, -11.40c; sales. 800 bales. - . .
COttOrt futures closed steady. July, I0.72cJ
August 10.72c; September, 9.80c;- October,
9.59c; November, 9.53c; December, ».92c; Jan
uary, 9.56c; February. 9.25c; March, 9.61c.'
Nerv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 12. — FLOUR— Receipts,
22,000 barrels; exports, 11,800 barrels. 'Un
changed. - • -.",..' V., . ..
WHEAT— Receipts, 38,000; spot firm; No. 2
red, nominal elevator and $1 12 f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern DulutBt.' $1 07 f. o. b. afloat.
After a brief opening decline wheat turned
strong, the closing being 101 %c net higher.
Close: 'July 08c- 'September, 90c; December,
89%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady. •¦" * > f
WOOL— Steady. .
PETROLEUM— Easy. • . -
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,}
7%c; miM firm; Cordova, . 9%®12c. .Futures
closed net 5<g>10 points lower; July, 5.65c;
September C@G.10c; December, fl.30c; March,
0.65SS.65c; May. 6.S0c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; i refined, steady. :
BUTTER '—¦ Firmer; street price, extra
creams, 17%@17%c; official prices, creamery,
commori to extra. 13Qil7c; State dairy, com
mon to extra, 13S17C :
CHEESE — Irregulart State full cream, «mall
white, poor to fancy, 6%@8%c;' Small colored,
fair to fancy. 7%@8%c; large white ajid col
ored, poor to fancy, 6%@7%c.
EGGS— Firm; Western extra selected, 19c;
do, average prime, 180>18%C . • .
DRIED FRUITS, j
EVAPORATED APPLES— In light demand;
•tocks not large and practically no change in
prices. Common. 4@5}ic; prime. 5%@6c;
choice,' 6'4g6%c: fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Quiet and unchanged at 2%(g>6c.
APRICOTS — Firm: demand light; choice,
9%#10c; extra choice. 10%@10%c; fancy,
Il#i3c. ¦-¦¦¦-'.:¦:¦'
PEACHES— F>irm; choice, 7@7%o; extra
choice, 7%?;Sc; fancy, OVj^IOc. _
Ne;v York Metal Market. % '¦
NEW YORK July 12.— Spot tin Closed at
£118 10s in London and futures at £118 15s.
The local market responding to the advances
abroad was quiet but steady, with .spot quoted
at $25 90@26 20. ¦
Copper remained firm in the local market,
with lake quoted at $12 62%«ri2 87%\ electro
lytic. $12 50$ 12 -75; casting, $12 25@12 50.' In
London copper wes a shade easier, closing at
£37 3« 9ti far spot and £57 Is 3d for futures.
Lead was also unchanged here, where it
closed ai. $4 25@t 35. but was a little lower
abroad. London cabling spot at £11 12s Cd..-
Spelter was unchanged In New York at $4 85
@4 05 and at £22 in London.
Iron cl«e<i at 51s 0d in Glasgow and at 43s
in Mifldlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged.
PiRiron warrants are nominally unchanged
at $0. . ¦ . •, .
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs show th«
following changes in. available supplies as
compared with the previous account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 641.000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decreased 4,5Of».O0O bush
els; total supply decrease, 5,141,000.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 32.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decreased 120.000 bushels.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST* :1- $?¦!
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchisoii 21.SO0' 75ft > 74% 75%
Atchison pfd 2.20O Wo*'- U4* «&^
Baltimore & Ohio.. 7.SHK) 83 V* »2 is3
Bait & Ohio ptd .... »3
Canadian Pacliio . 3.800 125% 124% . liioft
Central of N J jjou lt»v 1*5 1«5
Ches &. Ohio :. 2,300 33%" 32% " 33&
Chicago & Alton.. 100 3V» if!) 39
Chi & Alton pfd 80
Chicago &. Ut West 7.CUU 14% 13% 14*4
Chicago & N W... 4.800 174*i 172 nt%
Chi Mil & St Paul 19,800 146% 14f> . 146 »A
Chi M & St P pfd 170^»
Chi Term & Trans 400 6« 5$4 tii»
Chi T •* T pfd . 100 16% 15^ - 15*
C O C A 8t Louis. 400 74. 73% ' 74
Colorado Southern. 200 16 16 15%
Colo So 1st pfd 600 60U 50 50
Colo So 2d pfd .... 214
l>el & Hudson.,... 1,000 159% 159 ' 169&
D«l Lack & West .. 270
Denver A Hlo Or. . 1,400 22 21 fc 22
Den A Rio Gr pfd. 500 71 70ft 71?i
Erie 12,000 25ft 2i% 26%
Erie 1st pfd ..2,200 61 6O'/ 4 "61
Erie 2d pfd J.200 38 37ft 3»
Hocking Valley ... 200 61 tf 61 67 hi
Hocking Val pfd.; .'. d'i%
Illinois Central ... 900 134% 184% 184'
Iowa Central 100 16% 18% 18*4
low* central pfd.. 100 3« 38 35%
K C Southern 8UO 21 ft 21% 22
K C Southern pfd. 700 42% 42% 42%
Louisv & Nashv... 2,500 113% 112% 1UH
Manhattan L 1,300 151% 100y 4 151%
Motropol Securities 2,6u0 8»% ! 86% 88
Metropol St Ry 18.100 116% 1H% 115%
Minn & St Louis 43
MStP&SflM... 1,800 69% 67% 6U%
M SP & a S M pfd 1,000 125% -123 125%
Missouri Pacific .. 7.6OO 92% 81 82%
MJs Kans & Texas 2uO 17% 17 17>»
M-IC&Tpfd 200 3S% 3S% Z8%
N R R of Mex pfd 87?i
N Y Central 1.600 118 117% US
Norfolk &, West... 5.3CO 5U% 58% 69%
Nor & West pfd .... 83
Ontario & Western 9,900 28% 27% 28 H
Pennsylvania 29.900 117 117 118%
P C C & St Louis. 400 «2 60% 62
Reading 89,500 . 52% 60% 52tJ
Reading 1st pfd... 100 83% 83% to
Reading 2d pfd 200 71% 71% H%
Rock Island Co 10,300 -22% 21% 22 ¦
Rock Island Co pfd 1,200 67% 6U 67%
St L & S F 2d pfd 500 48 47% 47V..
St Louis 8 W 12% 12% 12%
St Louis S W pfd. 700 31% 31% 31H
Southern Pacific .. 17,3f>0 4»% 48% 49%
Southern Railway. 16.600 23% 23% 23%
Southern Ry pfd... 1,100 8S% 88 86%
Texas & Paciflc 90O 25% 24 M. *5
Tol St L & "West. . 200 25*£ 25% 24%
T St L ti W pfd 37%
Union Pacific 45,100 93% 91% 93%
Union Pacific pfd.. 700 94 93% 93%
Wabash 100 16% 16% 1«%
Wabash pfd 1,200 35 3f> 35*i
WIsconBin Central. 700 17% 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 39% 39% -30%
Mexican Central . . 2.200 8% 6% 8%
Express Companies —
Adams ¦ ' 225 •
American 100 IBS 199 197
United States 109 .
Wolls-Fargo 201
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 22,000 51% 50% 50%
Am Car & Found.. 700 18 16% 17%
Am Car & F pfd 74%
Am Cotton Oil .... 700 28 2S 27%
Am Cot Oil pfd .* 88
Am Ice «H
Am Ice pfd 200 26% 2C% 26%
Am Linseed Oil ... 8%
Am Lin Oil ofd 27
Am Locomotive ... 300 20% 20% 20%
Am Locomotive pfd 600 M% ' KT% S3%
Am Smelt & Ref... 1.500 54% 54% 64%
Am "Smelt ft R pfd. «.»O0 97% 95 ' 97%
Am Sugar Ref 2,700 129 127% 128%
Atiacondi Min Co.. 100 73 73 73%
BrookljTi Rap Trn. 22.&00 50% ' 4»H" 50%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 .11% 31% 31%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.CO0 195 194% Ifl5
Corn Products .... SCO 11%. 11% . U\{
Corn Products pfd. • 100 fiflii 0»Vi 69
Distillers" Secur . . 400 20% 20% ' 21
General Electric .. 700 15S% 157% 15»H
Internat Pao^r 12%
Internat Paper pfd. 100 69 69 69
Internat Pump 31
Internat Pump pfd , .... 74
National Lead 5,100 24 23 23 K
Xcirth American .. 300 RS% 87*4 87%
Pacific Mall 100 27% 27% 27%
I People's Gaa , 6,700 100% «»% 09%
I Piessed SieeJ Car.. 1,200 30% 20% 30%
Ptersed S Car nfd. '200 74% 74 74
Pullman PaJ Car.. .... .... 220 >
Republic Steel .... 400 7 6% 6%
; R« public Steel pfd . 700 - - 42% ' 42% 42%
Rubber Goods 100 10 16 - 1« ¦
Rubber Goods pfd .... 76 •
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,100 3A% 37% 37%
V R Leather 3.700 .7% .7% 7%
U S Leather pfd...' 1,800 82% 81 82
U S Realty 5%
U 3 Realty pfd ... 5%
U 8 Rubber 200 19% 1S% 17"%
0 S Rubber pfd .. 100 68 68 67%
U R Steel 12.700 1t% -10% 11%
U 8 Steel pfd 33.600 CO 5«% Bn%
Westlnghouse Elec. 200 157% 157% 157
Western Union * ! 87
Total sales ...515,900 . . • •
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. July 12.— Bond transaction ot
t'Mted Railroads of ban Francisco were $13,000
at $90 62%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
4,V%. asked 41 >S.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO4%|L & N unified 4s.lC0
Do coupon 104*4 | Man con apld 4s.lO5
Do 3s reg 105 |Mex Central 4s... «S
Do Coupori 106 | Do 1st inc 14ft
Do new 4s reg.ia2%|Mlnn & St L 4s. »«*
Do coupon i:ia ; <,|M. K & Texas 4s. 99%
Do old 4s reg.lOO%| Do 2ds 80-
Do coupon 106%|NR of .Mex con 4s 77
Atch gen 4s .....102% N Y C gen 3%s.. 0UV4
Do adj 4s 94% N J C gen 5s 132%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 98% Nor Pac 4d 104%
Bait £ Ohio 4s. .103% Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 94% Xor & W con 4s. 101
Central of Ga 5s.llO% OSL, 4s &¦ partic. 97%
Do 1st inc 7» Pa conv 3%s>... 97%
Ch«> & Ohio 4%s.lC(S%| Heading gen 4s... 69
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73%|B L & I M con 5s.lltj%
C. B & Q new 4». 9H IS L & S F fg 4s. 61%
CM & SP gn 4s.IO7%|St Louis SW lsts. 96f»
C & NW con 7s.l29%!Seaboard A L 4s. (5t» I
C, R I & Pac 4s. 71% So Pacific 4s.... 9.1%
Do col 5s SI So Railway 6s.... 115
C.C.C & SLitn 49.100% Tex A Pac lsts.. 119
Chi Term 4s..... 73 T. St L &,W 4s. 71%'
Cons Tobacco 4s. <J4 Union Pao 4s 104%
Colo tt So 4s.... 81% Do conv 4s 101 '4
C F & I con 59., 69% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7S%
Den & Rio G 4s. M1% Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98 '4 Do deb B 59
Do gen 4s 85% W A L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.lM% Wls Central 4s... 89%
Hock Val 4%«...107%
NEW YORK MINING 8TOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20| Ontario 3 00
Breece ....; 10 Ophlr 2 50
Bruns Ccn .. 06 Phoenix 28
Com Tunnel 08 Potosl 16
Con Cal A Va^.. 1 05 Savage ¦ 22
H6rn Silver 1 451 Sierra Nevada
Iron Sliver .'.... 1 35| Small Hopes ..... 15
LeadvJlle Con ' . . . O2jstandaj-d ......... 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S Steel pfd... &V&
Call loans 3iff3%! Wentlng Common. 77
Time loans 3@4%j Mining — '
¦ Bonds — I Vd venture ......; i%i \
Atch adj 4s 101%|Allouez 8%
Railroads— j Amal Copper . . . . 51 %
Atchison ........ 7S% Amer Zinc ...... 10%
1 Do pfd 95 lAtlantiC ....... 7%
Boston & Albany. 2W Binghanj 24%
Boston & Maine. 167 Calumet & Hecla.465 ; I
Boston Elev 151% Centennial 24%
Fitchburg pfd 137 Copper Range ... 49%
Mex Central 8% Daly West 22%
N Y. N H & H..192 Do m CoiL i ....y.. 44%
Pere Marquette. .. 77 Franklin ......."..- f
Union Paclflt 03% Orancy 3 '"
MKcellaneous — I f »le Royale ...... 8 ¦
Amer Arge Cliem. 13U|Mass Mining ., . 4
Do pfd- 73% Michigan 4-:
Afner Pneu Tube. 41 Monawk ...... 4-k
Amer Sugar 12S% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd ........ 128 w Old Dominion ... 1.1
Amer Tel A Tel. 128% Osceola \...:.;. . cau,
Amer Woolen ... 11 Parrot 24 V,
Do pfd 70% Qulncy '..;'.'. 86
Don Iron & S... 8 VI Shannon ..:.-. 5U
Ed Elee Ilium... 249% Tamarack ........ ol
den Electric ....157 Trinity .........: 5%
Mass Electric. .. 19% U S Mining ..... 21 ii
Do pfd ........ 73% U S Oil .......... io'*
Mass Gas ....... 39% Utah 37
United Fruit ....105% Victoria 2t4
Un Shoe Mach... 40% Winona 714
Do pfd 2»T4 Wolverine .'76^
U S Steel llii ,\ .. .-..„,;¦¦.-
London Closing Stocks. , ""
Cons for money.. 89*4 NY Central /....i2Ui
Do for acct. ... 8«% Nor & Western... 60%
Anaconda ...... ;?*% - Do pfd ......... gjj "
Atchison. ....."... 76% Ont A Western. . . 2S>4
Do pfd ........ 97 % Pennsylvania .... 60«4
Bait A Ohio ¦ R4H Rand Mines v..^.. - loii
Can Pacific 127% Reading ..... ....26
Ches & Ohio 33% I Do l*t nfd..... 4.1
C*i Great West...l4V.| Do 2d pfd...... fi7v,
Chi. Mil & St P.149Vi!So Railway •.....¦ 23«>
De Beers ....:... 1A% Dd pfd ........ 00%
Den & Rio G.... 22% Ro Pacific ...;.y." 00%
Do pfd ........ 7.1 Union Pacific .... 9414
Erie '",. .*... ...... 25% Do nfd ........ 96%
• Do 1st rM • «2V,IUS Steel.. .......> 111?
Do 2d pfd...... 3SUI Do pfd :.-....,.. f&u
111 Central l."57%| Wabash .........; n
Louis A Nash. -..llsH Do Pfd ........ z«
M/K A Texas... 18% I Spanish 4s gsii
,- Bir «llver-~Quiet, ; 26%d . per ; oonw. *
• Money — 2&2% per cent. -..- <•
-The rate of discount ( In Uie open market for
SUMMARY 'OF THE MARKETS.
Closing ......... ...;>6 5%", 8 6% « V>k
PARIS. -." ' •;¦'¦*-;
Wheat— July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening , ...2110 - 20 65
Closing 20 95 .2100
' Flour— •
Opening .... 28 60 28 25
Closing .28 50 28 20
Boston Wool Market;
'.- : BOSTON, July 12.— The wool market shows
almost feverish activity of trading, with high
prices ruling. Many purchases are being made
by Eastern concerns. It is stated that about
atl the new clip in the West is now under
contract. - There is a good demand for med
ium fleeces noted and prices are ruling higher.
•Territory Quotations: ." " I
Idaho— Fine, 17@l»c; heavy fine, 14015c; fins
medium, 17@18c; medium, lS®Wc; low med
ium, 20@21c .--.-• - :"
• Wyoming— Fine, 16017c; heavy line,- 14015c;
fine medium, 17016c; medium, 19920c ; low
medium, 20®22<s. . - -¦¦•»-..-¦
Utah and Nevada— Fine. ie%®17%e: heavy
fine, 14915c;. fln* medium. 17618c; medium,
I»@20c; low medium, 20@22c.
Utah and I Nevada— Fine. 16%@17%o; b«*vy
fine, 14©15c; fine ¦ medium, 17@i$c; medium,
lVHiffilJic: low medium. 2l<$22c.
Montana— Fine, choice, 2O#2lc; flne average,
15W?2Oe; fine medium, choice, 1B<5 2Oc; averse,
19@20e; staple, 21@23c; medium choice, 22a
23c. ¦ ,. ¦¦ , : , . V
London Wool Market.
LONDON, July 12. — There was. a good at-~
tendance at the wool sales to-day. Competi
tion was brisk. . The offerings numbered- 14,802
bales. Fine Merinos were firm and, 5 per cent
higher and Inferior Merinos were steadier.
Scoureds sold briskly to the Continent at firm
rate*. Crossbred* were , inactive for home
spinners. Americans bought good lines of
croesbreds. PUnta Arenas and Falkland Island
Krades were in good demand at unchanged
prices.
St. Louis Wool Market. -^.
ST. LOUIS, July 12.— Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 24@24%c; light
flne, 16® 18c; heavy flne, 12® 13c; tub washed,
33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. < -I ¦¦-¦
PORTLAND, July 12.— WHEAT— Wall*
Walla. C7c; bluestem, 75c;. valley, 77@78c.
Washington;
TACOMA, July 12.— WHEAT- Unchanged;
bluestem, 79c; club, 60c. ' .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 12.— Clearings, $700,798;
balances, $127,55e.
TACOMA, July 12.— Clearings, $301. 03«;
balances, S55, 674. •
PORTLAND. July 12.— Clearings. $731,046; :
balances. J&O.474.
SPOKANE. July 12.— Clearings, $430,192;
balances, *29,494. -
THE SAN iFRANGISCO: CALL,; '; WEDNESDAY/ JULY 13/ 1904.
Continued on Faje Fourteen.
, LIVERPOOL.
. Wheat— . July. Sept. -Dec/
Opening ......... . « 5% -6 B\-- 8 et4
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
APCTION SALES
WILSON
THE AUCTIONEER; y!
AVCTION ANNOUNCEMESr.
I Am 'Order«l to Sell at 11 O'clock '•
TO-DAY
WKDKESDAY. JULY 13TH. lgO4.
Household Effects and Upright Grand Piano
By Order Captain D. S. Parker.
Vf SCOTT STREET. Near Haight.
?, -j 1 All at Your Own Price.
WILSON— That's All. ;'-^
#V^ SPECIAL AUCTION SALE— ARCADBV
HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY, July 13. at 11 a. m.. I Vlii
sell 3© head of good horses, consigned to ma
by A. Stack of Milton, Calavera* County. Cal. .
also a lot of other good hor«es, buggies', wag-
ons and harness. John J. Doyle. Anctloneer.Stipulations for dismissal were filed
yesterday in five suits. brought by the
Canadian Bank of Commerce against
Wells, Fargo & Co. for payment of al
leged worthless checks issued by E. F.
Masterson. Mastereon was I agent for
a "building and loan association at Los
Angeles and was charged with having
put In false applications for loans, ap
propriating the money to his own use
One of the checks was for $1689.
Bank Salts Dismissed.
The Supreme j Court 'decided yester
day that Eduardo ¦ de "la Cuesta is en
titledUo^$85 5 and costs,, amounting, to
$377 50, for' managing: the College
ranch j in Monterey County. The ; suit
was brought against ArchblshopMoht
gomery. j representing the "Catholic
church, whlcn v owns the property. * The
dispute was : as to the time Cuesta
stopped work at the ranch. . :
3 ~ — ""»?'»' '-.'""''¦¦. ¦'¦'
Burnett's Extract •£ Vanilla f prt-'
,e«xtd from Mlected Vanilla Bwuia. • -
Wins Suit 'Against Church.
The Baldwin Continuous Theater at
928 Market street opened on Monday
night under most auspicious circum
stances. The house seats. over 300 peo
ple and at the three performances
given every seat was occupied "and
many persons were turned away. The
programme this week is made of six
features, the most prominent being a
bicycle skit by Sid Baxter. The latest
pictures, including many local. scenes,
are presented on the London meilo
graph. Matinees are given daily at
2:30 o'clock. . : : '¦',
New Theater Opens.
Three Japanese stowaways were
taken yesterday oft the French bark
Bayard from Hakodate. They were
eight days on board before being dis
covered. They xw^ll be deported.
•Japanese Stowaways.
the papers, testified as to the acts of
the nickets and the crowd on the side
walk. Harry Wilson, who came here
from Illinois three months ago, and
went to work as a hostler for Pierce
on the day of the strike, testified that
tw,enty-flve men or more marched in
the circle daily for at least ten days,
and in the calling out of the leaders
he heard the phrase "scab stable" used.
The large crowds came between 5 and
7 o'clock in the evenings. On account
of the gatherings drivers of rigs en
tering the stables would have to halt
until the pickets opened the lines. T.
A. Pearson, who had frequented the
stable since his arrival here on April
23, told a like story of the con
duct of. the union representatives. He
had seen as many as fifty men march
ing In the circle, and eight banners
carried in the line.
H. Mortensen, connected with the
firm of Varney & Green, said that his
firm ,kept" twenty horses at the stable
and he had been waited upon by two
representatives of the union who asked
him to remove the animals. They de
manded an Immediate answer, but he
did not give it. They returned a few
weeks later and he told them that Mr.
Varney was in the East and he could
give them no reply. They did not call
again.
The trial will be resumed this morn-
Ing. •
The body of Charles Pierce, a deck
hand, who disappeared about a week
ago, was recovered from the bay, near
the Tiburon ferry slip yesterday morn
ing. Pierce had been employed on the
steamers plying between this city. and
Stockton.
Charles Pierce Drowned.
First clearance sale in 22 years. Crock
ery, glassware, lamp fixtures. H. O. Wie
dero Co., 4th and Mission sts. ' •
-Essence of Ginger don't cure coughs and
build you ; tip like Parker's -Ginger Tonic
Parker's Hair Balsam cleanses the scalp." •
Surgeon William Martin, U. S. N.,
retired, has returned to this city after
an absence of seventeen months spent
In Europe and Great Britain. Dr.
Martin is a well known club man here
and while in the navy achieved inter
national fame on account of his suc
cessful treatment of yellow fever.
Surgeon Martin Returns.
Only a doctor or a dentist can repair
some typewriters.
Is a pathetic and tragic Mory by Maude
Heath in the Argonaut of July 18. Other
notable features win be "The Gray Twilight
of London." an unusually -Interesting letter
from Miss Geraldine lionner; reviews of and
?xtrmctF from four of the most notable books
about RuEEla; a New York letter describing
the trouble over street car fares in Gotham:
ma article on George f-ar.d; and criticisms of
Eth*l Barrymere at the Columbia Theater and
Jaaae* Nelll at the Grand Opera-house by
Josephine Hart Phelps. ' • .
"Jnst Off Goat Island"
The one hundred and fifteenth anni
versary of the fall of the Bastile will
be enthusiastically celebrated to-mor
row by the Franco-Americans of this
city. Mechanics* Pavilion will be al
most smothered In tricolored bunting
and the affair will take, on the carnival
aa^ect characteristic of the French.
A committee, presided over . by
Etienne Lanel, Consul General of the
French republic, has been working for
several weeks arranging the details of
the celebration. Literary exercises
will be held in the afternoon. At 8
p. m. a promenade concert will be
gin and last till 10. selections from the
best operas constituting the pro
gramme. The celebration will end
with a ball and dancing will continue
till long after" dawn.
Anniversary of the Fall of the Bas
tile Will Be Celebrated at
the Pavilion.
of Supervisors proof of his pay
ment of taxes and outside lands
assessment. He charges that the ac
tion of the SupervisoYs In granting
the lands to J. P. Treadwell was made
in undue haste, in that the applica
tion was made and the grant given on
the same day and without hearing of
the facts. He says that Treadwell
planned to push the 'application
through, knowing that Reay, who had
occupied the land since 1866. would
contest it. Reay seeks to annul the
deed from the city to Maud Treadwell
McNutt. the defendant, who was re
cently divorced by her husband. Max
well McNutt.
FRENCH NATIONAL HOLIDAY
TO* BE FITTINGLY OBSERVED
talker," but gave him credit for taking
men out, of line -when they were drunk,
disorderly or. too noisy, Monroe simply
called out that the stable was unfair
and asked people not' to patronize it
because it had discharged union men.
Miller spoke of different occasions when
the. men in the "merry-go-round" had
"whooped and howled" and he said
that the circle and the crowd inter
fered with teams entering and leaving
the stables. He saw Monroe and Frank
Miller taking notes regarding the own
ership of the rigs patronizing . the
stable.
Frank Salas, a non-union "floorman"
employed by Pierce on the day of the
strike, told of "the acts of the pickets.
He said that when he and j a . man
named Jackson attempted to load a
b^x of manure Jackson was , knocked
down. by a gang of supposed union
men. Salas was followed by three
men, armed with wagon spokes. He
was going to breakfast and crossed the
street to avoid them, but they followed
him across the street. He held them
off by making a threatening move to
his coat pocket and then went to "his
lodging house, which he was afraid to
leave for fear of. violence. He did not
go 'back to work for three weeks be
cause of this fear.
Captain W. T. Tribbell. who was In
the 'habit of going to the Nevada sta
ble, daily for the purpose of reading
The members of George G. Meade
Corps. Ladles' Relief Corps, have or
ganized a sewing club. All the work
done at the meetings will be sold for
the benefit of the relief fund for deserv
ing families of members of the Grand
Army of the Republic. The club has
been named the F. C. & L. Club. A few
days since the members of the circle
paid a. visit by invitation to the sum
mer camp of the senior vice-president,
Mrs. Sheean, at Ackalls, and were hos
pitably entertained.
Benevolent Sewing Club.
Mrs. Stephen C.Joc^lyn'. and (faintly
leave'' to-day for Yosemite" Valley for
a ten, days'; trip.
Lieutenant Walter ;.'. J. ,. Buttenbach,
Fourth Infantry, is there .'awaiting or
ders. ; He ; is : staying 5 at] 314 : .Stelner
street. ¦. ¦¦'- ' ' ¦' '. ¦ .'-H-< K"? >"¦:?"*-' ¦••'•'•' -
Brigadier General H. E. Noyes, re
tired, registered at headquarters yes
terday. He is staying at Hotel Cum
berland. '¦¦-:' .' ¦ \ \: ' ¦¦¦¦ -'"i '-•¦
The case was a flagrant one. Aiken
was placed under arrest by the com
manding officer of the Twenty-eighth
Regiment, Colonel William L. Pitcher,
for disobedience of orders and while
under arrest deliberately left the post
and absented himself for two days.
He was found in a maudlin condition
outside of the post by some of the men
of his company and taken back to the
cantonment. He was tried by a court of
his superiors, all officers of high stand
ing in the army. Following was the
personnel of the court: Colonel Alfred
C. Markley, Thirteenth Infantry; Lieu
tenant Colonel Luigi Lomia, Artillery
Corps; Major William Stephenson,
medical department; Major Alexis R.
Paxton, Thirteenth Infantry; Captain
Samson L. Faison, Thirteenth Infan
try; . Captain Charles^ H. Hunter, Ar
tillery Corps; Captain Arthur Johnson,
Thirteenth Infantry; Captain Ira A.
Haynes, Artillery Corps; Captain Mar
cus B. Stokes, Tenth Infantry; Captain
John B. Christian, Ninth Cavalry, and
Captain James V. Heidt, Tenth In
fantry. Captain John J. Bradley, Four
teenth Infantry, was judge advocate.
While these officers brought in a ver
dict of guilty of the charges preferred,
Aiken is allowed to go practically un
punished.
This was not the first offense com
mitted by Aiken. Twice before he had
been tried by a court-martial, but each
time managed to slip through with only
a reprimand.
.Lieutenant Aiken left last night for
Knoxvllle, Tenn., on a two months'
leave of absence. During this period
he will gradually disappear from the
ranks of army life.
The officers and men of the Twenty
eighth Infantry are pleased with the
orders sending them to the department
of Dakota, for which statipn they will
leave early in October. While they en
joy life at the Presidio and the advan
tages of San Francisco, they have
never been satisfied with their quar
ters at the cantonment there. The
barracks at Fort Snelling, ' near St.
Paul, are among the best In the coun
try. The entire regiment will, go there,
excepting two* companies, which will go
to Fort Lincoln, North Dakota. The
place of the' Twenty-eighth will be
temporarily filled here by the Twenty
first Iiif antry. This regiment will in
all probability only remain at the Pre
sidio for a Bhort time, as it la sched
uled to go to Samar. There they will
relieve the Fourteenth. Infantry,- which
will come back. to the_ post here.
. Work at 'Camp Atascadero is' going
briskly on, preparatory to receiving- the
big' body ' of troops that will -assemble
there on August 13. J Lieutenant George
E.: Stewart, Fifteenth Infantry, is in
charge of a large force . of engineers,
surveying, the - t roads, and making notes
of the . topographical features of the
comping. grounds. V i- V ¦¦• .
The findings in the court-martial of
First Lieutenant William B. Aiken
seem to have had very little weight
with the War Department at Wash
ington. Lieutenant Aiken was tried
at the Presidio on a charge of breach
of arrest and was found guiltyl Ac
cording to the law of the country there
is only one penalty for this offense,
and that is dismissal from the army.
This regulation seems to have been
overlooked, as Aiken has been permit
ted by the authorities at Washington
to hand in his resignation, which is
to be accepted, and he is to be retired
with an honorable discharge, whereas
if the verdict of the court .was carried
out he would be dishonorably dis
missed.
Lieutenant William B. Aik
en Guilty, but Permitted
to Resign. *
LIEUTENANT WILLIAM B. AIKEN.
WHO WILL BE ALLOWED TO
RESIGN FROM THE ARMY.
The ctirs were rumpling a cage full
of tender squabs as the policeman
burried to a phone and rang up Frank
Bianchi at 1900 Twentieth street.
"Three dogs are eating a chicken
•Winner on you." said O'Brien.
Bianchi could not understand at
first- "O-h-i-c-k-e-n," sang the po-
Jiceman to make himself clear.
'That am the way to spell chicken."
Bianchi rushed coatless from the
house and jumped on a car. An au
tomobile drew near and Bianchi hail
ed the chauffeur. Into the benzine
buggy he leaped, holding a twenty out
to the tillerman. With a rapid suc
cesion of "toots" the car whizzed down
Market street and over Montgomery.
The carnage at the poultry store was
awful. At first Bianchi thought that
he was entirely chickenless. But a
few of the toughest roosters were
perched on the gaspipes. A lean
Plymouth Rock took refuge on the
cash register and rang up $105 95.
This sum will not cover half the dam
age. The dogs will be executed to
day without trial.
Paul R«vere. winner of the Lexing
ton Midnight handicap, was made out
a rank also ran yesterday by Frank
Bianchi, a poultry dealer.
Bianchi has been troubled by the
rats at his place of business. 533
."Washington street. Theee rats, he ex
plained, are in his cellar and not in
his garret. Yesterday he bought three
dogs that would only bring half price
at a sausage factory and installed
them as night watchmen over his
poultry-
Soon after he left the mongrels be
pan a course dinner. They broke into
;i coop of Shanghais and chewed
« hoice cuts out of six. They bit the
heads off the rest because their combs
were lopsided.
The other dwellers in the poultry
store began to equawk for assistance
and a boy ran to the Central police
station. Policeman Pat O'Brien hur-
; ried to the rescue, but the doors were
'locked.
This circle was referred to by the
witness as "the merry-go-round" and
the "session" of the union. The union
men were alleged to have said that
Miller would never get out of the sta
ble alive; that he was. a skulking cur,
and that they would "sandbag him and
beat him to death." Miller declared
further that Secretary Tom White of
the union stood in front of the stable
and said that the watchman was a
State's Prison convict ' and had been
wearing stripes at Folsom/' six weeks
before.
Miller testified that the pickets num
bered from thirty to fifty for several
days, whereas Monroe had previously
testified that he only had a large num
ber there on one occasion. The wit
ness added that Monroe was the "main
The hearing yesterday In Judge
Hunt's court of the case against the
Stablemen's Union occupied all of the
day. The witnesses were a watchman,
two non-union employes and two
spectators who, under examination by
T. C. Van Ness, attorney for plaintiff
Pierce, told in detail of various acts
of the union's representatives in the
effort to divert patronage from the Ne
vada stable. A patron of the estab
lishment also described an attempt by
the union to have him withdraw his
horses from the barn, which they said
was "unfair."
' The examination of C. P. ' Monroe,
captain of pickets for the union, was
concluded after .Van Ness won from
him an admission that after yester
day's hearing he visited Judge Ma
guire's office and, talked of the case.
Maguire's cross-examination of the
witness brought out the fact that he
was never "attorney" for the union, the
fact having a bearing on Monroe's ex
pressed views as to the legal rights
of unions and employers. Asked con
cerning his Idea of a boycott' Monroe
said it was simply to declare a place
"unfair" and not to do injury, or "slug
or kill a man."
J. E. Miller, watchman for the Ne
vada stable during the strike, was next
called and related various acts of the
pickets and union representatives: He
said he carried arms in the stable be
cause his life had been threatened on
several occasions. He did not know
the names of the men who threatened
him but they had marched in the cir
cle in front of the place.
A MERRY-GO-ROUND.
When General Lauck was made to re
alize, the predicament of the guard. he
at once sought a conference with the
heads, of the traffic department of the
company, but it resulted in no relief
for him.
It was suggested by the railroad of
ficials that the guardsmen leave for
Camp Atascadero Friday evening or
early Saturday morning, which would
permit the company to have its cars
back here in time to take out -the ex
cursionists on Sunday morning. This
proposition met with a protest from
General Lauck, who stated that the
majority of the guardsmen will- be un
able to get away until the closing hour
of business on Saturday. Strangely,
although morchants favor the main
tenance of a State guard, it was shown
yesterday that few of them will grant
their employes, who are members of
the guard, any extra time for instruct
ing themselves in military duties and
would not consent to their men getting
away from their; places of business a
few- hours earlier. • The j orders for the
encampment and the movements of the
regulars and State forces have already
been issued by General MacArthur,
woh is now in the north, and General
Lauck is at a loss for a suggestion as
to how the difficulties can be over
come. <
After two hours' talk it was. agreed
to hold another conference this morn-
Ing at army headquarters at' which
representatives of the ; regular . army,
the National Guard and the railroad
company will be present. ¦ General
MacArthur has been advised by. wire, of
the troubles here and It is possible that
he may by changing his orders find a
way out of the difficulty.
The national guardsmen have been
planhing^to leave their respective,dis
tricts Saturday for the camp and while
Adjutant General Lauck had not made
any definite arrangements for their
transportation he had reason to believe
that the railroad company would be
fully prepared to accommodate the of
ficers and men. When he called, at the
Southern Pacific offices yesterday, how
ever, he was surprised to learn that
the company wouid not be able to han
dle the men from this cjty and adja
cent country on Saturday evening, ¦ as
had been planned.
It was explained by the railroad of
ficials that the company had long ago
contracted with various local organiza
tions for numerous excursions on Sun
day, August 7, and that these contracts
would demand the service of all the
available rolling stock of the corpora
tion early Sunday morning at this end
of the line.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck of the
State National Guard was in conference
yesterday with Passenger Traffic Man
ager Fee, l General Passenger Agent
Goodman, Assistant General Passen
ger Agent Judah and Master of Trans
portation Richardson of the Southern
Pacific ' Company : regarding the hand
ling of the. State troops on the occa
sion' of the coming maneuvers at Camp
Atascadero., It has suddenly. . devel
oped that the railroad company will be
unable to "move the State troops, about
2500 in all, at the time wanted, and as
a result the adjutant general . of the
State is confronted with the perplex
ing question as to how he will get his
forces into' camp on the date prescribed
in .the order issued by General - Mac-
Arthur. ¦' -¦•¦¦¦¦'.
Proprietor Bianchi Hurries
to the Scene in Benzine
Buggy, but Is Too Late
Other applications for reductions
were from B'nai B'rlth Hall Associa
tion, northeast corner of Van Ness ave
nue and. Fell street,* $59,700 to $40,000;
lot on Eddy street, near Taylorr y '$94,
000 to $72,600; W. F. Burbank, corner of
Post and Stockton streets, $328,600 .to
$300,000; HT W. Newbauer, various lots,
$29,850 to $25,000. $16,310 to $14,000. $15 -
200 to $13,000, $14,630 to $12,500; Julius
Abrams, corner gutter and Larkin
streets, $54,580 to $35,000; Joseph G.
Hooper, Bush street, near .* Kearny,
$112,800 to $75,000, and Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, franchise, $100,
000 to $20,000. '
Julius C. Rels, executor of the estate
of Samuel Davis, filed an appeal from
the arbitrary assessment of $450,000.
Reis states that Dodge had no author
ity to assess the Davis estate arbitrar
ily because the latter had died prior to
the time when his refusal or neglect
to make a statement "was noted by the
Assessor. Reis says that besides stocks
and bonds of unknown value Davis
had $72,000 in bank and $37,138 in prom
issory notes.
Ernest Brandt, improvements, $150 to
$25; Marion Leventritt, lot on Noe and
Twenty-eighth streets, $4500 to $3000;
Mrs. D. J. Avery, lot on C street, $1350
to $1000; Morris B. Cohen, lot on Ellis
street, near Laguna, $8470 to $6500;
Teresa London, lot on Langton street,
near Folsom, $2270 to $2000; Cogswell
Polytechnical College, corner Serpen
tine avenue and Folsom street, $14,960
to $8500; W. F. Harris, corner of Haight
and Cole streets, $3030 to $2070; Charles
E. Foye, $10,000 to $2000; Sylvain Levy,
$8950 to $8000; John Fay, $3300 to $250;
W. B. Waldron, $2000 to $1250; Kate
Shea, $1000 to $500; Annie N. Farrell,
$12,000 to $10,000, and Kate Farrell,
$4800 to $3250.
APPLICATIONS FUjED.
Okona and Company, arbitrary as
sessment on personal property, 17,200 to
$9000; May E. Nelson, corner Sixth and
Channel Btreets, $17,170 to 12,170; O. D.
Baldwin, lot on Third street, near
Minna, $55,570 to $45,000; H. W. Knibb.
lot on Jessie street, near Sixth, $6500 to
$4500; Philip Tucker, lot on Sanchez
street, $2330 to $1800; Anna J. Ferguson,
lot on Second street, $3380 to $2000;
Charles E. Foye, lot on Ellis street,
near Stockton, $108,700 to $75,000; Anna
Mechi, $3500 to $2500; E. D. Block. $12,
250 to $6950; W. B. "Waldron. $2250 to
$2000; Joseph Haher, $7970 to $5000; $61,
380 to $40,000; $13,120 to $6250; 33,250 to
$28,650; Mrs. A. Hanscom. $10,570 to
$7500.
The following reductions .were
granted: ¦ '*
The following petitions were denied
Nellie Pike wanted a reduction on a
lot on Taylor street near O'Farrell
street from $16,050 to $10,000. The As
sessor stated that $25,000 was refused
for the property and the assessment
was reduced to $15,000.
O. H. Von Rhein objected to assess
ments of $26,820 on a lot on Turk street,
near Jones; 32,600 on a lot on Third
street, near Jessie, and $19,820 on two
lots on Jessie street, near Third, claim
ing that the assessed value was three
and a half times greater than last year.
Von Rhein thought the raise should be
more gradual, as leases had been en
tered into based on the old assessment.
Dodge argued that the raise was made
toj agree with the assessment on sur
rounding property and that heretofore
the property had escaped just taxation.
Dodge said that experts had reported
that property in the vicinity had sold
for $2600 per front foot, but he re
fused to disclose the names of the ex
perts, claiming they would be subject
to criticism. The only reductions al
lowed Von Rhein was on the Jessie
street lots from $19,820 to $15,720.
PETITIOXS DENIED.
The first application was Mrs. Julia
Schwartz, who wanted a reduction
from $2530 to $1500 on a sand lot on J
street near the ocean. Upon Dodge's
recommendation the assessment was
fixed at $2000. Dodge said that prop
erty in the locality was unproductive
and the assessment was a little high.
Before proceeding to business Asses
sor Dodge made the following state
ment:
"The assessment is as near uniform
as it was possible to make it, and has
resulted in the raising of more than
one million dollars in taxes for public
improvements without a raise in the
tax rate. If a special tax had not
been levied for bonda the tax rate
would have been so small that I am
sure no property owner would have
appeared here to have his assessment
reduced. I will say that if anyone can
show that he is assessed more than
his neighbor I am prepared to recom
mend a reduction. In all likelihood
the combined State and city tax rate
will be $1 60 on every $100, against
$1 63 last year."
ASSESSMENT TOO HIGH.
The Board of- Supervisors met yes
terday as a Board of Equalization to
hear applications from property own
ers for reductions in assessments as
fixed by Assessor Dodge. The four
members of the State Board of Equa
lization—Mattison. Alford. Beamer and
Brown— and State Controller Col
gan were present as observers of the
proceedings. In most cafees where re
ductions were wanted on real estate
Assessor. Dodge produced the reports
of experts showing that the market
value of the property was largely in
excess of the assessment.
Members of State Board
of Equalization Are Pres
ent During Proceedings
Confers With the Southern
Pacific Officials With
. out Satisfactory Eesult
Non-Union Employe Declares
He Was Followed by Men
Carrying Wagon Spokes
TO RESCUE IX AN AUTO
THREATS AEE ALLEGED
GENEEAL LAUCK UNEASY
MANY OBJECTIONS MADE
Mongrels Left to Watch the
Place Commit Wholesale
Slaughter of the Ctiickens
Witnesses in Stablemen's
Case Say Pickets Gath
ered in Large Numbers
Bailroad Will Be Unable
to -.; Carry Guardsmen to
Camp on the Date Set
Property Owners Appeal to
Supervisors From Valua
tions of Assessor Dodge
DOGS RAVAGE
POULTRY STORE
CANNOT MOVE
STATE TROOPS
SEEK REDUCTION
IN ASSESSMENTS
GIVE EVIDENCE
AGAINST UNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALIi, WEDNESDAY, ;^TULY 13, 1901.
FINDINGS
OF COURT
IGNORED
Another move -was made yesterday
by Joseph W. Reay in his contest to
maintain^ his squatter's rights to val
uable lands; near Golden Gate Park
i gainst Maud Treadwell McNutt,
as heir of her father. J. P. Tread
well. Reay .filed an affidavit In
•vhich he "declares that, on . March
24, 1S70, he filed with the Board
Affidavit Against TreadwelL
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' : -?~J±^-
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT & CO.
Special Silk Sale
We place on sale to-day new arrivals in smart silks
at very attractive prices — values that are most excep-
Lovisinc SilKs at $1
Black and white, blue and white and brown an'd
white checks— the reigning styles for smart silk
shirt-waist suits. They have a very high luster
and that new, soft finish; per yard. $1-00
Glacie Taffetas at 75c
The very newest thing for shirt-waist suits. Hair
line stripe effects in pretty blue, browns and red
shades, i q inches wide 75c per yard
¦
Black Taffetas
24-inch Black Taffeta. 75c per yard
23-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta 85c per yard
24 and 26 inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta, per
yard $100
36-inch Black Taffeta, per yard. $1-00
36-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta, per yard. .$1-25
New Dress Goods
Woven on the alpaca looms and made with a rich
luster now so much desired; specially priced for this
week.
English Brilliantine at 85c
Browns, tans, reds, greens, fancy shades and beau-
tiful mixed effects; 41 inches wide. ..85c a yard
Iron Frame Alpacas
Medium and dark shades of nave blue; high silk
luster ; our own importation ; exceptional values
at 75c, $100, $1.25 and $1.50
111, 113, 115, 117, 119 : 121 POST STEEET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To make room for our J
new Fall Goods, we will 1
close out all single suit I
and trouser lengths that *
we now have on hand
at immense reductions.
While they last, these
suitings to order at
$15.00, $17.50 and
$19.50.
The trouserings to or-
der at $4.00, $5.00 and
$6.00.
Sale can last a short
time only.
The prices and goods
shown in our win-
dows will convince you
in reality of the values
offered.
ChsiiSXvonvS
10KDOK TAlUN*
ADVERTISE MEUTS.
Sealskin Jackets
$125 to $350
There are fonr excellent reasons
for the great popularity- of our
Sealskin Jackets.
First— Their superb beauty.
Second —Their unrivaled grace -
giving fit.
Third— The skillful, painstaking
way in which they are made.
Fourth— The matchlessly low
prices at> which they are sold.
1 > j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 - j
E| Painless Fillings 25c M
cm Painless Crowns $a50 M
H Full Set of Teeth $4.00 jj
U "VAN VROOM" i
PA Sixth and Market ?, j
|AS3THMANOLA|
Xs the only cure for tferrons aad
Broncblal ASTH1I A.
Tour Druggist or at £93 HAIOHT OS* -
~ «aa Fraacisco, C*i
ADVEBTISEKCEMTS.
W^^^^Um voices Sf Art respondn^pp
MmV^WMZw'^ e touch in \^|i§
Jii\ yVuV^^OVA s mus^ ca^ &n& artistic latitude is
W m/ V \\VV practically, unlimited. Its tone is
•*7 / I /J ' / I 1/ brilliantt beautiful and full to the
! |/ / ¦^l/pi/ / "^av vcr y limits of the key-board. There
( 1 (t- \ \\' ( C^\s^<^\ ' *s quality in every key, every string,
1 IV V^^^T^y/ f\ cver y piece of wood or metal that
\Y * "j — ' ¦ \y *)r goes into the Hardman Piano*
¦ lV^ A&k^sS : '*j£r~^ i3uy a Hardman Piano and you
r* $*"" ¦ ; . will always be more than satisfied
H — you'll be delighted. Let us tell, you how to buy
H one easy. See Us' at Once.
1 . 931-933 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
H Oakland, Sacramento, San Joae, Eureka, * Preeno and Saa XMeffo.
rhr iMi " ¦-'"¦ | " 1 " 1