Political News- Continued on Page 2.
Continued on Pase ' Column 1,
There were two passengers on the Xorge bound for San. Francisco from Sweden. A young girl. Ida
Tell, from Engelholm was coming to join relatives living on Pine street. The other was Mrs. M. Nielsen,
mother of sea captain Nielsen of Berkeley.
CINCINNATI, July 3.— A number of
leading Cincinnati Democrats, who are
not delegates, but who are enthusiastic
advocates of the nomination for Presi
dent; of Judge Harmon, left to-night
for. St. Louis. - Many, from other parts
of. Ohio who are not delegates will go
to St. Louis in the interest ¦ of "Har
mon and harmony."
-Judge Harmon's name will be pre
sented to .the 'convention by 'Harlan
Cleveland,' a cousin of. Grover Cleve
land and former District , Attorney at
Cincinnati ' under the late Democratic
administration.. ¦¦¦'•'.
Slojran of Ohio Democrats En Route
. to the Convention.
"HARMON AND HARMONY."
BOSTOX. July 3. — Many of the
Massachusetts delegation left to-day
on a special train for St. Louis, in
cluding Mayor Patrick Collins, who is
mentioned for permanent chairman.
Five Hearst - delegates from Massa
chusetts went on a regular train. •
Twenty-seven of the thirty- two dele
gates intend to vote for Olney as long
as they believe there is a chance for
their candidate and will apply the unit
rule if this plan is accepted by the na
tional committee. Mayor -Collins will
make a speech putting Olney's name
before the convention. There is a
strong sentiment In favor of Cleveland
as a second choice.
OLXEY DELEGATES ON WAY.
Massachusetts Majority Will Apply the
TT Unit Rule at St. Louis. <;
sented to the committee on resolutions.
Men from the Far West have been
making quite an active 'canvass for
former Senator George Turner for
Vice-President, and Marshall Field of
Chicago, Benjamin F. Shively of Indi
ane, John Kern of the same State, Dav
id R. .Francis of Missouri. David S.
Rose of Wisconsin and John Sharp
Williams of Mississippi are among
those whose names are mentioned In
connection with the second place on
the ticket, but as long as there is
doubt about who*will head the ticket
no great excitement can be worked up
over the second - place. *
There have developed two distinct
situations without regard to candi
dates. One is a desire to "mix it up"
and have a convention which- wil! ; be
uncertain up to the last moment. The
other is a "band-wagon" contingent
that wants the problem settled as soon
as possible and to get close to the driv
er. Thus it happens that delegations
with favorite sons are among those
who v.-ould like to prolong the contest
and be among the first to swing for
the winning man. Some uninstructed
delegations would ba glad of the op
portunity to make the Presidential can
didate, if they vere cure. they could
pick the winner. Naturally the "band-
Senator German is not coming to the
convention and will not enter into a
scramble for the nomination, nor.v.ill
he be a party to a movement to defeat
the nomination of Parker for the bene
fit of some other man — McClellan or
Cleveland, for instance.
GORMAN HOLDS ALOOF.
This has been a Gorman dav! All
the elements that could be used to
aid the Maryland Senator were put
forth. His friends have • been in evi
dence and the strongest arguments
brought to bear to show that he ought
to be named. The Congressional Influ
ence has been a factor, and Senators
and Representatives and Congressional
employes, talking and working for
Gorman, have given evidence of the
popularity of the Maryland Senator
among those who know him.
ST. LOUIS, July 3.— It looks like Par
ker. N'ine out of every ten men who
have been closely watching the situa
tion believe that Parker will be nomi-~
nated on the second or not later than
the third ballot. At the same time
there is enough uncertainty to make the
dtuation Interesting. The balloting is
five days away, and a great deal may
occur* !n/ that time, with many un
pledged and uninstructed delegates,
¦with delegations that will consider
their Instructions fulfilled after one or
two ballots, coupled with the fact that
there Is & strong undercurrent against
the leading candidate. If the opposi
tion to Judge Parker had the elements
of cohesion he could be defeated, but
the difficulty of mixing milk and water
Is not yet solved.
If not Parker, then Gorman, or —
remotely— Cleveland.
'The Presidential situation has been
sufficiently interesting to keep the
Vice-Presidency and; the- platform
somewhat in the background," although
both have received consideration.
Many drafts of alle^ed^ platforms have
been brought to the city, and several
prominent Democrats are said to have
the real thing, but it is. said that- the
platform "will.. be made in committee
and after a sharp contest. , It Is. known
that Senator, Gorman made a" draft of
a: platform andl^ent it There with; the
Maryland delegation. This will be pre-
FIGHT OVER PLATFORM
Soon after Bryan's \ arrival in St.
Louis there was some talk about Judge
Gray, mainly because ,a . report had
been circulated that the Nebraska man
.v/ould support Cray in preference to
any other candidate. Occasionally the
name of Joseph Folk Is heard, but it
is apparent that Missouri Democrats
do not want any further prominence
given to the young Missouri attorney.
The Cleveland talk has been on the
wane, but there is quite a" contingent
that is watching the situation with
the hope that a condition may . arise
which will make Cleveland's nomina
tion advisable. This could j not ! be
brought about except after an exciting
and bitter struggle.
During the day there was some talk
about Mayor McClellan, but It is recog
nized that his, birth in Germany would
supply, a small element. of uncertainty,
while a'still greater factor is the solid
delegation of Xew York State support
ing another candidate. "
Of all the candidates suggested, Par
ker teems more objectionable to Bryan
and Hearst than any other man, Cleve
land alone ezcepted. Yet several of
the delegations under instructions for
Hearst freely announce their prefer
ence for Parker and expect to vote for
him on the second ballot.
wagon" delegates are now counted for
Parker, but if it were possible^to show
them another man thev would be
willing to support him.
The opponents of Judge Parker raise
a number of objections. Hill, as his
political backer, and August Belmorrt,
as representative of the business inter
ests behind him, are said to be un
pleasant for many delegates. The op
position of Tammany -in New York and
of Hearst and Bryan In other portions
of the- country has some effect.
HEARST WELL LOSE VOTES.
Opposition Forces Unable to Combine Upon One Man
to Beat ike New York Candidate.
The list of injured as far as com
pleted follows: H. E. Rose, Riverside,
CaJ., internally; l S. A. Asquivitch.
Waterloo, Iowa, Internally; William
Archibald, Honeoye Falls, Ky.; George
Archibald; William Balis, Chicago, fa
tally; Mrs. Candyou; Milwaukee; Glea
son S. Ellis, Marshfleld, 111.; James
Fazzell. Taylor, \ 111. ; Harry M. Cassa
way,' St. Louis; Joseph Grein; Alois
Grein; Mrs. Theresa Gehreg, internal
ly; Mrs. Anna Kenyon, Kingston, Ky.;
Mrs. Gertrude Kitt, Chicago; Mary
Kitt, aged 10 years.-
The following are suffering .from
burns: Joseph Kitt, 10 years of age;
: • Kitt, aged 12 years ; J. A. Wil
cakriut; Chicago ; S. Livingston, col
leptor on train; J. S. Macomber, Perry
County, Ky.: Mrs. Huldah Nock, Ar
lington Heights, 111. : Harry Rink, Cin
cinnati; James B. Roberts, Catlin.^Ind.;
Harry S: Rubens,' -Chicago ; W. J.
Schrader; W. L. Smith, Chicago; Mrs.
Elizabeth Weber, Chicago, seriously;
W. B. Thorpe, Chester, Pa.; Charles
Ward, Chicago, seriously; Miss Fannie
Tipson, internally; Mrs. B. F. Tenney,
Ada,. Minn., internally.
COACHES PILE UPON ENGINE.
Mr. and Mrs. W. : Bachelor of Chicago
escaped with slight, in juries. ' „ ,
"We were' in the chair car at the rear
of the train, and it did not leave the
track," said Bachelor. "When the ac
cident- occurred : the front cars piled
upon the engine, took fire and . burned.
There " were " dead and injured persons
all around, and - it seemed to us that
LITCHFIELD, 111.. July 3.— The Chi
cago limited on" the Wabash Railroad,
due in St. Louis at 7 p. m., a half-hour
late and running fifty t miles an hour,
was wrecked to-night inside the city
limits. The engine ran into an open
switch and struck a freight train on a
siding. The engine and the first three
coaches, piled in a heap across the
track, caught fire and were consumed.
It is believed that twenty persons per
ished in these coaches and that forty
were injured. Three of the injured
have since died. The last car on the
train, a special from Wisconsin, was
pushed back and saved.
Nearly all the passengers were bound
for St. Louis and many of them were
delegates to the Democratic National
Convention. I. R. Mills, one of the dead,
was Internal Revenue Collector at Deca
tur, 111., and a prominent Republican.
One of the injured is H. E.' Rose of
Riverside, Cal., who was hurt intern
"ally. ' • • ' • -
INJURED OR BURNED.
DEMOCRATS WHOSE XA3IES ARE PROMINENT IX THE POLITICAL NEWS FROM < ST. LOUIS.
The Norge sailed from Copenhagen on June 22. She was last sighted off the Butt of Lewis (the north
ernmost point of the Hebrides Islands) on "June 27. Rockall, the islet on which she struck/is about 200 miles
west of the Hebrides. It is a dangerous reef with a rock about 75 feet above water.
The Norge, which has been in the Copenhafrcu-Xo'w York service on the Scandinavian-American line
for a number of years, was an iron vessel of 333S tons gross and 2121 tons net. Her principal dimensions were:
Length 340 feet, breadth 40 feet, depth 25 feet. The Norge was built at Glasgow by Stephen & Sons in 1881,
when she was christened Picter de Cdnin'ck. When she was purchased by the United States company at
Copenhagen she was renamed the Norge. The vessel .was equipped with »ix water-tight bulkheads.
"Four or fivewere in. the boat into which I got and we cleared the ship. Luckily for us, in our party was
the only seaman from the Norge who-. escaped, and he was able to navigate our little boat. We saw two
other boats capsize, owing to the heavy sea and because no one could navigate them. We made straight
away .and when we last saw the Norge a large number of emigrants were on the deck. Captain Gundel stood
on the bridge. Dozens of passengers had jumped into the sea. They wore life belts but »vere drowned before
our eyes. After twenty-four hours the Salvia bore down and picked us up. % About 700 persons must have been
drowned." J
According to the . survivors, the moment the vessel struck the engines were reversed and the Noree came
back into deep water. The hole in her bows was so large, however, that she began to fill rapidly. The vessel's
light boats were swung over the sides rapidly, and the women and children were put into them first. There
was a heavy 'sea running and in lowering the boats all but two of them were smashed.
two of the ¦Victims ex route to san francisco. -
SURVIVORS SEE TWO OTHER BOATS CAPSIZE.
thing serious had occurred and I made a dash below to gather up my few belongings. Scores were rushing oa
deck and the hatchway was crowded with emigrants. They were launching boats and rushing into them, but
there was no panic. ' • ; ?yl
In the sea by this time was a mass of struggling men, women and children, gasping and choking from the
effects of the water. The boat rowed clear of these and'just as she drew away the Norge went down. Peter
Nelson, one of thei survivors described as a young American, said:
"For several hours we rowed in company with the boats, but the strong tide drifted us away from the
others and nothing has been seen of them since. The Salvia picked k us up and we were well cared for on board
the trawler. All of us lost our entire belongings. We had no time in that 6erce fight for life to think of
anything but the getting of seats in the boats."
The only hope, except for those known to have escaped, is that some of the emigrants might have been
washed upon the barren reef. Their chance of being rescued even then is practically nil, for vessels sailing the
North Atlantic give Rockall a wide berth.
The news of this disaster, which, it is feared, in its death record is greater than any previous tragedy
of the Atlantic, came with the arrival to-night of the Salvia at her home port, the fishing town of Grimsby. The
Salvia had been on a fortnight's cruise around the Hebrides. By a lucky chance she steamed further west
than is usual for trawlers and fell in with the survivors of the Norge, who for twenty-four hours had been
tossed about in a small'boat on the rough waters of the North Atlantic. The survivors were taken aboard the
Salvia and were landed at Grimsby to-night. One of them said:
"We left Copenhagen on June 22. There were 700 emigrants-^Norwegians, Swedes, Danes and Finns—
on board. The crew numbered about eighty. AH went well until June 28. I lay in my bunk waiting for
breakfast. We heard a little bump, then another bump, and then I rushed on deck. I saw at once that some-
MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN STRUGGLE FOR LIFE.
Three boatloads got safely away"from'tlie'*§Jde*''of "the sinking snip, and many of the emigrants wto
were left on board, seizing life belts, threw themselves into the sea and were drowned. Captain Gundel, so say
the survivors, stood oa the bridge of the doomed vessel until it could be seen no more.
The Norge foundered suddenly and some six hundred terrified emigrants were thrown into the water
or. drawn down with the sinking -ship. Those who could swim tried to reach the boats, but these were already
too full, and their occupants beat off the drowning wretches with oars.
The boats kept together for some hours. Practically all of their occupants were passengers who were
not used to handling such craft. The boat occupied by the survivors and which landed at Grimsby was a
lifeboat. The fate of the other two boats is unknown. The lifeboat made the faster progress and fell in with the
steam trawler Salvia. ' , • '
The rescue of those on the lifeboat took place on the morning of June 29, the survivors consisting of
twenty men, one of them a seaman, six women and a girl. One of the survivors said that when he got on deck
the Norge was half'submereed and was rapidly getting lower in the water. Half mad with fright, the survivor3
all struggled for places in the boats. They fought their way to the big lifeboat and an officer stowed in the
six women and the girl and then told the men to get in. The officer then took charge and got the boat away
from the side of the Norge. Seeing that the craft was already overloaded, the officer with great heroism
jumped into the water and tried to board another boat which was not so crowded. He failed and was drowned.
PASSENGERS LEAP TO CERTAIN DEATH IN THE SEA.
LONDON, July 3.— More than 700 Danish and Norwej?ian emigrants, bound for New York, are be
lieved to have been drowned in the North Atlantic on June 28. Of nearly 800 on board the Danish steamship
Norge, which left Copenhagen on June 22, only 27 are known to be alive, and for the rest no hope is held out.
When last seen the Norge was sinking where she struck on the Isle of Rockall. whose isolated peak raises
itself from a deadly Atlantic reef 290 miles off the west coast of Scotland.
Early on the morning of last Tuesday the Norge, which was out of her course in heavy weather, struck
the Rockall reef, which in the distance looks like a ship under full sail. The Norge was quickly backed off,
but the heavy seas poured in through a rent in her bows. The emigrants, who were then awaiting breakfast
below, ran on deck. The hatchways were scarcely built for these hundreds of souls and soon became clogged.
The Norge quickly began to go down by_the head. Eight boats were lowered and into these the women and
children were hurriedly put. ¦ Si* oi the, boats smashed against the side of the Norge and their helpless inmates
were caught up by. the heavy seas.
Terrified Men, Women and Children Leap
Overboard and Engage in a Mad
Struggle for Life.
Fire Adds to the
Horror of a
Wrecko
More Than a Score
ol Wabash Pas
sengers Lost
Many Delegates to the Dem
ocratic ConYentlon in
M Coaches.
AMONG THE DEAD
ST. PIERRE BALD, Montreal.
L. O. ESCHTADT, Chicago.
MRS. C. P.. LUTHER, Mil
waukee.
DAN H. DAVIS, Decatur. 111.
JOSEPH BARDER, Delegate
from North Dakota.
JAMES SANFORD, engineer,
Decatur, 111. j-
SAMUEL SMITH, fireman, De
catur, III.
MRS. PERKINS, . Chicago.
I. R. MILLS, Decatur, 111.
H. M. DEITRICH, Toledo, O.
REV. X. 31. MILLS, Bridgeton,
N. J. '
R. A. DEITRICH, Chicago.
FLORENCE S3HTH, Chicago.
MISS S. H. ATKINS. Chicago.
HOWARD GROVES.
Unknown boy, about 15 years
old.
Of More Than Seven Hundred Persons on
Board, Only Twenty-Seven Are Picked
Up by Passing Craft.
LIMITED
TRAIN IS DITCHED
Danish Steamship Norge, Crowded With Emi
grants, Strikes a Reef Off the
Goast of Scotland.
FREE-FOR-ALL SCRAMBLE
OF ANTI-PARKER FACTIONS
GIVES JURIST A LONG LEAD
Two appalling disasters— one at sea and the other on land — give a tinge of horror to the news of yesterday. The Danish steamship Norge, crowded by emigrants en route to the
United States, struck a reef off the coast of Scotland and sank, more than 700 passengers and seamen drowning. In a rail disaster on the' Wabash road in Illinois at least a scor£ of persons
perished and more than twice, that number were injured or badly burned in flame-swept coaches. On the wrecked train were many delegates to the Democratic Convention at St. Louis.
HUNDREDS SINK WITH LINER AND TWENTY PERISH ON TRAIN
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 34.
THE WEATHEB.
Forecast tnade at San Fran
cis cc for tMrty hours ending
snitalffkt, July 4:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy Xonday. probably with
iisrht sprlxtlc* in tie mornina*:
S resb. westerly wind.
G. H. WH.X.SOJT.
• liocal Forecaster.
TJU THEATXJtS.
The San Francisco Call.
Alcazar— "On a Summer** Bay."
Central— "Wedded and Parted."
Chutei — Vaudeville.
r lscher'a — "Th« Mormons."
Grand — "Barbara rrietchle."
Orphoum — "Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "JEtoSin Hood."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Bay.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 4, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Woman Hurt In Car Accident.
VIENNA, July 3.— Dr. Theodore
Herzl, founder of the Zionist move
ment and president of the Zionist con
gress, is dead.
Dr.. ,Herzl. Founder of Movement,
Passes Away at Vienna.
ZIONIST LEADER DIES.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., July 3.— A
movement was started to-night to
make -the : standard-bearers of the
Populist party of 1904 Thomas E. Wat
son of Georgia and ex-Senator William
V. Allen of Nebraska. As to which
one of the gentleman shall head the
ticket there seems to be little prefer
ence. Ex-Senator Allen arrived this
afternoon, accompanied by a large
delegation from Nebraska, but will not
talk on the subject
One hundred Southern delegates ar
rived to-day, headed by Jo A. Parker,
who at once started a boom for Wat
son for first place.
It is understood that Watson will
not attend, the convention and the
friends of Allen believe that after the
latter makes his Fourth. of July speech
to-morrow at the State Arsenal there
will be a stampede : among the - dele
gates to the Nebraskan.
BOOMING WATSON.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Arriving here
after nearly a year's absence, on his
way to rejoin his family in San Jose,
Cal., Sylvester Donohue, 60 years old,
fell dead on the Cunard line pier yes
terday morning within an hour after
the steamer docked. ¦ ;
Donohue,- who is a merchant in San
Jose, left New York on the Umbrla in
September, of last year.; He boarded
the Umbrla at Queenstown on Sunday
of last week: According to the ship's
officials he was not lir'during the voy
age, nor did he give any sign of illness
when he. stepped ashore. The captain
of- the ship sent a telegram to Dono
hue's daughter • at 139 ; Locust street,
San Jose.
Sylvester Donohue, Returning From
Abroad, Dies Within an Hour
After Lenving Steamship. I
AGED SAN JOSE MERCHANT
. DROP^S DEAD IN NEW YORK
.ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., July 3.—
Mrs. John Andrews, bride of Assistant
Controller John Andrews of Atlantic
City, is under the care of a physician
at the Hotel Windsor, and it la feared
she has been poisoned by eating candy
which V she received through the mail
last night. ,
Mrs. Andrews was Mrs. Pauline . G.
Baird (nee ¦ Stavro) of Virginia. She
surrendered ; a fortune to marry An
drews, who Is many years her junior.
They -were secretly married in New
York a year before the announcement
of the nuptials was made here. The
bride's fortune .was - left • to her by her
first husband, to" go to . his heirs in
event of her remarrying. From what
can be gathered it appears that the
box of chocolates came in the after
noon. ¦'¦'¦ There was no mark indicating
who sent the gift,' and the wrapper has
been destroyed. "The writing was un
familiar to Mrs. Andrews.
Wife of Atlantic City Official Falls III
After Partaking of Choco
lates.
EATS CANDY SENT THROUGH
3IAI1V AND IS POISONED
"We will ask for a plunk in the
platform," said Oscar Sutro, one of the
delegates, "providing for a branch of
the Philippine Legislature similar to
that which the House of Representa
tives holds in this country. This will
give the actual residents of the Philip
pine Islands a greater voice in the gov
ernment of the islands than they now
possess, or is provided for In the Re
publican platform."
•The delegates will also make a re
quest before the committee on creden
tials that they be allowed six full votes
in the convention, one for each of
their delegates.
ST. LOUIS, July 3. — The delegates
from the Philippine Islands have a
plank that they will bring before the
Democratic committee on resolutions.
It calls for a more liberal provision
for the islands than is embraced In
the Republican platform.
Democratic Platform.
Ask for a Home Rule Plank In the
PHILIPPINE DELEGATES' PLEA.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— No clew has been
found of the burglar who shot and
killed J. y. Adams at his residence at
226 Balbach street, last night. Adams
lived until about 1 o'clock this after
noon. «\
Three suspects were arrested to-day.
One ©f these was turned loose and two
Italians are now being held. The po
lice,: however, do not belieVe either of
these Is the man wanted. Officers all
over the county have been on the watch
for suspects.
. An attempt was made 'to break into
the residence of George Brower, on
South Eleventh street, -last night, but
the robber was frightened away. The
man answered the description of the
murderer of Adams except that he
wore a large white hat, and the former
was bareheaded when seen.
An inquest will be held over Adams'
remains to-morrow morning.
Police Are Searching for Clews That
Will Lead to Capture of San
Jose Burglars.
ADAMS DIKS AND TWO
SUSPECTS A HE IN JAIL
LONDON. July 4— In connection with
the cablegram which American Secre
tary of State Hay received from Ispa
han,! Persia, July 2. signed by "Arme
nian Bishops in Persia," saying that
"Turkish barbarians were massacring
innocent Armenians" and humbly
soliciting the "United States Govern
ment, in the name of Christianity and
humanity, to save innocent lives," the
Daily Chronicle this morning prints the
following telegram, dated Tauris, Per
sia, June 30:
"It is announced from perfectly reli
able sources that in the vicinity of Van
(a fortified city of Turkish Armenia),
on June 24, Kurds and Turkish regu
lars attacked Armenian travelers, kill
ing them as revolutionists. This is the
beginning of a generaj massacre in the
province of Van. The people are in
terror." •
.CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 3.— 'if It were not
for the California prune the French
prune would not be considered the best
in the world. The method by which
Bordeaux, Fance, has retained its pre
eminence as the prune center of the
world is told In the consular report' of
Albion W. Tourgee, American Consul,
who says:
"The failure of the prune crop would
have entailed very serious consequen
ces on the trade of this region but for
the large stock of California prunes
which was held over from last year
and the sagacious enterprise of French
dealers in securing early control of
this year's crop on our Pacific coast.
Bordeaux Is really, the center of- the
prune trade of the world. The methods
of preparing this fruit here are so su
perior to the manipulation it receives
elsewhere that California prunes
brought here repacked maintain
the superiority over French prunes and
are exported in large quantities to the
United States, where they compete
successfully with the American fruit,
which has not incurred the cost of dou
ble exportation. In 1903, for -instance,
theje were almost no prunes raised In
this region— probably not one-twentieth
of the normal crop. The deficit was
supplied by the importation of prunes
grown In California and Oregon. This
fact I know from having been required
to make inspections of the condition
of such importations and afterward to
give testimony in litigation resulting
from controversies over the quality and
salable character of such prunes.
"Though the prune crop of this re
gion was so small as to be almost neg
lible, the quantity in the markets of
the world not being large enough, in
fact, to supply the home demand, the
eXport of French prunes was not ma
terially lessened.
"I have been unable to get any In
formation that any were shipped as
'California ' prunes.' None passing
through this consulate was invoiced as
such." '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 3.— The Chicago Fed
eration of Labor, at to-day's meeting,
adopted resolutions favoring the hold
ing of a great union labor convention
at Victor, Col., on August 23 next.
Favors Victor for Convention.
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— All possibility of
the presentation of the name of
Grover Cleveland appeared to van
ish when the New Jersey delega
tion arrived to-day and announced that
in all probability it would not make an
aggressive campaign In the interest of
the former President. This decision
was agreed upon at a meeting held on
the train as it approached St. Louis.
The meeting was held for the purpose
of organizing, but also took up the
question of policy with reference to
Cleveland. Seventeen of the twenty
fcur delegates are for Cleveland, but
they decided not to press his name un
less there should appear to be a good
prospect of his nomination.
Seven of the New Jersey delegates
are for Parker, but no effort has been
made to reach a decision as to the can
didate in case a definite conclusion not
to present Cleveland's name is reached.
Former Comptroller Eckels, who held
office under Cleveland, also declined to
state whether Cleveland's name would
be presented.
"I won't say that there will be a for
mal nomination, but I am sure that
when Cleveland's name is mentioned
it will be received with enthusiasm."
Being pressed for a more definite an
nouncement, he would only say:
"I am sure we will have a conserva
tive ticket on a conservative platform."
mer President's Name.
New Jersey Will Not Present the For-
ABANDONS CLEVELAND.
Killing Is Beginning of
a General Massacre of
Christians in the Province
Reports That Product of the
Golden State Is Sold as
Growth of Foreign Country
PEOPLE AKE IX TERROR
CONSUL EXPOSES SCHEME
Kurds and Turkish Troops
Slaughter Armenian Trav
elers in Vicinity of Van
California Fruit Is Used
by Bordeaux Growers to
Supply -Demands of World
SULTAN'S LAND
A GORY FIELD
Practically the same situation ex
ists in the Tenth District of Indiana.
Other contests that will come before
the committee to-morrow are from
the Second Maryland District; the
First. Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth
and Sixth Districts of Pennsylvania;
the Second, Sixth and Seventh of New
Jersey.
It was said that the hearing of the
evidence in these contests would not
consume a great deal of time arjd that
the main fight would be made before
the Committee on Credentials in the
majority of cases.
The Hopkins faction of the Illinois
Democracv is positive in its assertions
that the National Committee will seat
its men. It claims to have made a
canvass of the National Committee.
The fight for the seats In the Illinois
delegation takes on added interest
from the fact that Bryan has entered
the lists actively against Hopkins.
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— The National
Committee will meet to-morrow to
hear evidence in a number of contests.
The real fight in the majority of these
cases will come before the committee
on credentials. The principal con
test will be in Illinois, where protests
are made against two of the delegates
at large. John P. Hopkins and Ben T.
Cable, and twenty-six other delegates,
two from each of the thirteen dis
tricts. The basis of contest in all
these cases is practically the same,
it being alleged that the Hopkins
faction in the Illinois Democracy ar
bitrarily unseated delegates of the
Harrison and Hearst factions, for pur
poses of their own, without a shadow
of cause. The Hopkins faction, on" the
other hand, alleges that the original
elections were void and that the ac
tion taken in the Illinois State Con
vention, when the delegates of Harri
son and Hearst were unseated, was
only righting a wrong previously com
mitted.
First to Be Decided.
Hopkins-Hearst Fight in Illinois the
BITTER CONTESTS FOR SEATS.
PARIS, July 3.— Foreign Minister
DeScasse yesterday passed the sixth
anniversary of his continuous service as
Minister for Foreign Affairs. The event
was notable, as he is the first French
Foreign Minister to attain that length
of service. His lensthy service Is sig
nificant of the growing stabilitv of
French Ministries. Heretofore the con
stant changes were recognized as se
rious defects In the French s-vstem. as
they prevented continuity of Govern
mental policy.
Continuous Service of. Diplomat Is
Looked Upon as Mark of Stability
of French Government.
DELCASSE CELEBRATES
HIS SIXTH ANNIVERSARY
MEXICO CITY, July 3.— Reports
from many points show that the pri
mary presidential eelction passed off
quietly. Several thousand electors, who
were chosen, will assemble in this city
during the second week of July for the
purpose of voting for the candidates
for President and Vice President. Pres
ident Diaz will have no opposition. The
press is favorable to Ramon Corral,
at present Minister of the Interior, for
Vice President, and he no doubt •will
be elected.
Agree on Other Oflicers.
Diaz Hns No Opposition for Presi
dency of Repnblic and Delegates
PRIMARY ELECTION IN MEXICO
NOT AN EXCITING AFFAIR
NEW YORK, July 3.— "Nan" Patter
son, the actress, who is being held for
the death of Bookmaker "Caesar"
[ Young, to-day expressed a determina
tion to become a nun as soon as she
could secure her release. Miss Patter
son says she feels certain she will be
acquitted when put on trial and is anx
ious to make amends for the life she
has led In the past.
"I have tasted what they call 'sweet
ness of life,' " she said to-day, but I
have found that there is nothing In it.
f This has been an awful -lesson to me,
fd maybe -it was for the best that I
ould have been placed under arrest.
It were only for the purpose of giv
.? me an opportunity to realize that
"after all the narrow path is the safest
and only true path upon which men
crm women ought to travel If they
want to realize what real happiness
is."
Actress Accused of Slayinjr Yonne Says
She Will Enter a Convent
If Acquitted.
LIFE OF NUN APPEALS
TO "NAN" PATTERSON
ST. LOUIS, July 3.— Some of the
Hearst de'.esates have been in confer
ence with Gorman's friends and have
assured them that the Maryland Sen
ator had supporters among the Hearst
men. California and South Dakota are
two States which have extended hope
to the Gorman managers.
A conference of prominent delegates
opposing the nomination of Judge Par
ker was held to-night at the apartment
of National Committeeman Johnson of
Kansas. A complete canvass of the sit
uation was made and a determination
to impress upon the various delegates
the importance, of holding the "favor
ite sons" In the race was reached. The
participants express the opinion that
if this system is followed Parker's vote
on the first ballot can be held below
a majority and his nomination pre
vented in the end.
FRENCH CHEAT
PRUNE BUYERS
Tarpey is great on literature — cam
paign boomshells in type. As soon as
he assumed command he opened the
floodgates of his pamphlet bureau and
the streets and corridors are aflutter
with these recordations of the Hearst
accomplishments. The first of the is
sue is small and modest and sets forth
in calm and quiet style that through
the efforts of Hearst the fuel gas trust
was killed, the ice trust slain, the
Ramapo water grab assassinated, the
coal trust murdered, the shipyards
trust throttled, the illuminating gas
trust asphyxiated, the Seventh Nation
al Bank wreckers dungeoned and Sher
iff Guden hurled from the high plnacle
of office. By an excusable oversight
the pamphlet fails to state whether
Sheriff Guden Is from New York or Po
dunk, how badly he was bruised at the
pinacle's base or in whose tall timber (
he is now encamped.
This pamphlet, unembellished and
alone, Is a powerful document, but a
second one raises an incongruity that
seriously reflects upon the judgment
and coherency of the man that penned
the romance. This document, a thor
oughly convincing volume, sets forth
the fact that Hearst's mission is to
down the trusts. Surely, a scene in this
drama is missing. In the first the
trusts, from coal. Ice and gas to water,
are dead, dying and buried, and over
TARPEY A MAN OF LETTERS.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS, July 3.—
The oracle is being consulted to save
M. F. Tarpey from the burden of his
henors. He arrived here yesterday
morning as. erstwhile manager of
Hearst's campaign In California and
chairman of the California delegation.
Upon his arrival he turned his duties
as chairman over to Al McCabe and
George Cleary, secretaries of the dele
gation, converted the California head
quarters into an opposition Industrial
exposition and took command at the
Hearst headquarters. Yesterday he
was informed, though he had long
known it, that he had been selected for
national commjtteeman. To-day he
accepted ex-Governor Budd's proxy,
assigned to him by Al Murphy, to act
as> national committeeman prior to the
confirmation by the convention of the
new body.
And so, as manager of Hearst's Cal
ifornia campaign," chairman of the Cal
ifornia delegation, new committeeman,
national committeeman by proxy and
general pilot of the Hearst ship of as
piration, Michael F. Tarpey Is doing
fairly well. This euphonious string of
titles sounds like politics in China.
D. M. Delmas and William Jennings
Bryan met at the Hearst headquarters
to-day. If Bryan had any suggestions
to make they were not divulged. The
radicals are keeping their counsel with
commendable foresight.
The headquarters of the California
delegation are taking on an exposition
air. Fruits and Vines brought in by
the delegation are being arranged for
distribution and the success of the Chi
cago ent^irtainment promises to be du
plicated.*
A row may break. out in the Califor
nia delegation to-morrow. W. J. Mc-
Gee and Louis H. Mooser, the only
McNab men in the delegation, arc be
ginning to weary of their lonesome
ness. Up to date they have been for
gotten-,in the distribution of honorable
offices. They will voice their plaint to
the delegation to-morrow. If they are
Ignored it is quite possible they will
become a rlp-snortlng, swearing minor
ity of two. If they do, some interesting
details of the overland trip may leak
out.
The failure of Governor James H.
Budd to attend the convention is a
matter of disappointment to the Cali
fornlans. Budd Is one of the Golden
Staters whose name Is known In the
East; and he has been mentioned
among the Vice Presidential possibil
ities. . His absence is looked upon as
an indication that the Hearst forces
deem their fight a losing one, Budd
having befen one of the strongest sup
porters of the editor.
TROUBLE IN PROSPECT.
"It will be Impossible to nominate
Parker," he said. "The opposition is
now well organized and after the third
ballot Parker's adherents will begin to
drift away from him. We will gather
in much of this strength. We are more
encouraged with each passing hour."
A third pamphlet Issued from Tar
pey's bureau, under the title "Who
can surely carry New York State?''
leaves no opportunity to the reader to
indulge in speculation and answer the
question for himself. It lunges right
ahead and says: "Mr. Hearst can car
ry New York State."
Tarpey, although he does not yet
claim that Hearst will be nominated,
announced to-day that Parker was de
feated.
MODEST CLAIM FOR HEARST.
the* relics of capital are spoken the
words of their Nemesis, forgiving at
the bier, "Requiescat in pace." Behold
in the second scene they again stalk
the land that withers at their touch.
They must be slain again. No one may.
be In ignorance as to who will lead
the destrovlng hosts. Tarpey's litera
ture tells all.
WANTAGE, England. July 3.—Rob
ert A. Van Wyck visited Richard Cro
ker at his home here to-day and urged
the ex-chlef of Tammany Hall to use
his influence with the New York dele
gation to swing its vote from Parker
to Cleveland, after a complimentary
ballot had been given for Parker.
Van Wyck Pleads for Cleveland.
Some of the things that the Parker
adherents believe are greatly to the
advantage of their candidate are:
¦ First, they control by a large ma
jority the national/ committee, which
makes the temporary organization;
second, the temporary chairman of the
convention, Williams, is for Parker,
and. third, Alabama giving way to New
York allows the presentation of Par
ker's name to the convention. first.
The manner of presentation of Par
ker's name to the convention, it is be
lieved, will do much to help gain the
votes of uninstructed delegates. On
the roll call Alabama will give way to
New York, not having any "favorite
son." Martin W. Littleton of Brook
lyn, a celebrated orator of a .type pe
culiarly like William J. Bryan and
equally magnetic, will present Judge
Parker's name, while there will be
reconding speeches from several States.
Every preparation for a splendid re
ception to the New York Jurist has
been made and the impression is hoped
to cariy weight.
Some of the assurance of the Parker
managers on the success of their can
didate was based upon the statement
made to them by a close supporter of
Senator Gorman, who said that the
Senator had refused to allow his name
to be used for the purpose of effecting
a consolidation of interests inimical to
the candidacy of Parker. It was said
that while Senator Gorman's name
would be presented, it would be for
the purpose of k'eeping him groomed
so that in case of the failure of the
Parker boom he would be available.
PARKER'S ADVANTAGES.
Senator Hill himself is paying little
or no attention to the platform, at
least for the present, and this state
ment was made for him this afternoon
by one of those close to him:
"Senator Hill is not drawing up the
platform, and, while he will represent
New York on the committee on reso
lutions, he will not be its chairman.
Several men of affairs, including some
of the United States Senate and mem
bers of Congress, are preparing Indi
vidual, planks and will submit them at
a conference on Tuesday or Wednes
day. But Senator Hill wants it dis
tinctly understood that he has no plat
form prepared and that the only thing
he is devoting his attention to is the
nomination of Judge Parker."
Two things were stated definitely at
Senator Hill's "headquarters to-night
first, that no platform had been drawn
up for Judge Parker to stand upon, and
that not even a rough draft would be
forthcoming until Wednesday; and,
second, that Judge Parker as a candi
date would readily stand upon any
platform that a majority of the con
vention agreed to. This last statement
is significant, because it is thoroughly
well known that he would not stand
upon a radical platform.
PARTY WEARIES OF BRYAN.
It is evident that the Parker support
ers are already assured that the con
vention/will not agree to even a sug
gestion of the radicalism advocated by
the Brvan and Hearst supporters, but
will strongly tend in an entirely differ
ent direction, particularly on the finan
cial and tariff nlanks. A man close to
Senator Hill said to-night:
"The feeling is that the Bryan ele
ment has had its way twice. One year
it did as it pleased, and the next time
it was catered to and the old platform
indorsed. The Bryanites have had their
innings and have Wiled. This time they
must give way to the conservatives,
and if they are good Democrats they
will do it gracefully. This is not a mere
sentiment from New Yorkers. Early
this afternoon State Senator Barn
burger of Utah came here and made
the statement that .while he had twice
supported Bryan and his principles and
had in each campaign given largely of
his personal wealth to the campaign
fund, he believed Bryan should be elim
inated from this campaign and that, if
necessary, the party should go to the
extreme of absolute repudiation of his
ideas. The Texas delegation also feels
the same way about it and is for a di
rect declaration in favor of sound
money."
SOUND MONEY DECLARATION.
And so some of the time of the
Parker adherents this afternoon was
given up to the consideration of a
financial plank in the platform. There
is some differences of opinion as to
whether the plank should read "sound
money" or simply refer to the "money
of the constitution," while a few think
it would be proper to declare for a
gold standard. This latter thing will
not be done^ but it is probable there
will be a declaration "for the money
of the constitution."
ST. LOUIS, July 3.— New York— and,
of course, New York means Parker— is
so confident to-night that its candidate
is to be named that the delegates are
talking over with leaders of delegations
from other States the question of a
running mate, and to all States that
have a candidate for the place are
given assurances of their distinguished
esteem. Former Senator Hill, William
F. SheeHan, former. Senator, Murphy
and State Senator McCarren held a
levee all afternoon, and to-night, while
they had not yet seen all the delega
tions, promised for Parker, they are in
a state of such confidence that they
are not paying any attention to the ar
rival of the leaders of the Tammany
delegation. In fact, Senator McGarren
said this evening:
"We are looking for people who have
uuinstructed votes to deliver. The
Tammany votes will be cast by ex-
Senator Murphy, who votes New York
State under the unit rule, and he will
cast them for Parker, who will be nom
inated on the first ballot, or surely on
the second."
Staff. Correspondent of .The Call
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP,
On the subject of candidates he main
tains the attitude that he has held
pll along, saying that he is not
urging the nomination of any particu
lar person and will be satisfied with
any one whose Democracy is unques
tioned and who can be trusted to faith
fully carry out Democratic policies af
ter election.
Later in the day Bryan gave out a
formal statement, in which he said:
"After conference with a number of
delegates from various eevtions I am
t-atisfied that the opposition to Parker
is f 'ufilc-lent to make his nomination im
probable. There has been no concen
tration on any candidate, but two ar
guments are having weight with the
"Does that mean that if a gold plank
is inserted in the platform you will
leave the convention?"
Bryan laughed heartily as he replied:
¦ "I do not think I will be called to an
swer that auestion in the convention
any more than I am compelled to an
swer it now. Really, I cannot discuss
such a auestion."
When asked if he had any particular
plank that he proposed to father before
the Committee on Resolutions, Bryan
declined to reply. Neither would he
eay/ if he would accept a financial
plank compromising between an af
lirmation of the Kansas City and Chi
cago platforms and a gold plank.
Bryan said he hoped to see a platform
satisfactory to the Democrats who had
borxie the burden of the fight in recent
campaigns.
"I have heard talk," he said, "of a
;?old plank in the platform. Of course,
it goes without saying that I am op
posed to such a thing and I will not
stand for it."
ST. LOUIS, Juiy 3. — William Jen
r.inps Bryan arrived at the Jefferson
Hotel shortly before noon to-day. The
instant he walked into the lobby hi
was surrounded by a crowd that
pressed forward to shake his hand.
There was no cheering nor demonstra
tion of any ( kind beyond the pressure
of the throng, which finally became so
dense that he had difficulty in reaching
his room. As soon as he entered the
door of his apartment the visitors weie
upon him and from that time on he
was given no rest. He declined to ex
press an opinion regarding the outcome
of the convention. .
"I see." he said, "that it has been re
ported that I am to be a member of
the Committee on Credentials. I would
like to be, but I will not be. I am to
be a member of the Committee on Res
olutions, and I could hardly serve en
them both."
On the subject of the platform Brya i
was more non-committal.
Nays the I>oniooracy Must Not Be Sur
rendercd to Wall Street.
BKYAX SCOKKS PARKER.
"For this reason I was opposed to
resolutions of instruction at Albany
under any circumstances, although I
favored the unit rule, by which the
linal judgment of the delegation after
consultation on the ground might be
made effective as an entirety. It may
be that in the country at large some
other candidate might be stronger than
Cleveland. I am speaking only of my
own State and with sincere desire for
Democratic success. If at this moment
I believed that Judge Parker would be
as strong before the people of the State
of New York as Cleveland would be, I
Fhould be the first to urge his nomina
tion, notwithstanding; the contest
fgainst instructions at the State con
\ention."
Following the giving out of this in
terview came the unfolding of the
scheme to beat Parker for the nomina
tion. It was very simple and consisted
in visiting the various delegations and
asking them to stick by their candi
dates long enough to produce a dead
lock. Davis of West Virginia was urged
to get together the Gorman States and
v.as promised that New York would
help later. The Hearst people were
urped to move on the common enemy
with an unbroken front, and even
Bryan was sent to in an endeavor to
keep a two-thin's vote from coming to
Parker on the first few ballots. It was
paid at Tammany's headquarters to
r,5ght that this would be the plan of
vampaig-n for the next few days.
Senator Hill when shown the Tam
many statements declined to discuss
them, as did also William F. Sheehan,
but the latter did say:
"We are satisfied with the result of
the day's effort."
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— The Tammany
advance ffuard arrived in St. Louis at
S:HO o'clock to-night, and had not more
than registered % than they caused to be
whispered around the plan by which
they hoped to demonstrate that Judgi
Parker could be beaten for the nomina
tiun. Charles F. Murphy, Bourke Cock
ran. Charles A. Towne. Thomas F.
Grady. Victor Dowling and William
Sulzer were the orators and politicians
xvho were at the head of the party, and
within thi'.U" minutes of their arrival
they had prepared the following state
ment, attributed to Charles F. Murphy:
"My position now is what it has con
stantly been. I have said, and still say,
that in my opinion Cleveland, so far as
the State of New York is concerned,
would be the strongest candidate this
convention could name. Of course, I
cannot siieak for other States, and I
have thought that the best result would
be likely to be reached by deliberation
among: the delegates representing a;i
the States and untrammeled by pre
rommitment or instructions.
"The second objection is the one that
carries weight with the conservative
delegate, viz., that he cannot win. It
is becoming more and more apparent
that he would prove a weak candidate.
"The first fight seems to be over the
Illinois contests. The Illinois case has
no parallel. The convention was run
by brute force. The contestants will
present the indorsement of a majority
of delegates of the convention, who,
having been deprived of a vote in the
State convention, will appeal for Jus
tice. The national committee cannot
indorse' the Hopkins methods without
overthrowing the most fundamental of
Democratic doctrines— the right of the
majority to rule."
delegates. Among the radicals the feel
inK is that the party must not be sur
rendered into the hands of Wall street.
The influences back of the Parker can
didacy are so intimately associated
with the trusts and great corporations
that the Democratic party could not
appeal to the masses. The party can
not afford to intrust its future to the
men who were responsible for the par
ty's defeat in 1896 and 1900. If Parker
had a record of his own he might be
Judged upon that record. But as he has
refused to speak he must be Judged by
the record of his political manager, ex-
Senator Hill, and his financial agent,
August Belmont. and their records. A
man who is weak enough to put his
candidacy in their hands before the
convention would not be strong enough
to resist their influence after the elec
tion if he was by any possibility suc
cesslul.
Tigers Hope to Defeat Jurist by
Deadlocking the Convention.
Hearst Delegates
Flirting With
Gorman.
Hill Now Seeking
Running Mate
for Parker.
Tarpey Acquires Budd's Proxy to
Act as National Com mitteeman.
TAMMANY TAKES THE LEAD IN THE FIGHT AGAINST PARKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY -1, 190i.
"Sometimes the would-be peacemaker
is little more than a bothersome med-'
dler.
FOUND BEHIND COUNTER.— Roy Welli.
a waiter, In at the City Prison.. charged with
burglary. While passing J 415 ' Taylor street, a
man heard the crash of - glass and called a
poltcenian: "The . police entered and "discovered
Wells crouching . behind a counter.". He had
entered by the transom.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— Two cars met in
a head-on collision on the Alum Rock
Park electric railway near the park at
11:15 o'clock this morning. The fronts
of both cars were wrecked. About a
dozen passengers were slightly injured
by flying glass. Among these were Mrs.
Antonio Berryessa' * and Mrs.* J. K.
Kocher.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
|P^|gPrmtin£
Developing
AT CUT PRICES.
I
I'm the original cut-price man. '
Nevertheless. I give the best service i
and the highest value. Try me with ;
an order — and you'll continue. Here
are some prices:
DEVELOPING. j
Roll of six. 10c; roll of twelve. 13c !
PRINTING. '
Polio finish. 3c to 5c; Velox finish, 3c to ;
6c. I have a full line of popular sizes in
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
at the lowest prices. . Mall orders promptly !
filled.
THAT MAN PITTS, |
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET, above Powell.'
San FrancUeo.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
OF AHATOMY^
0 fi$ lCSlMlSBTST.tiV|!k-?A.S.r.C»LA
\ Cr The L*rr«t Anatomical Mnseam is the \
A ,i3lri._ Wot Id. Weikteuei ,t any cr,nn«c!-rt A
Z WC» Bw di«ei« p»»ltl»«-lj> wmrotfj the aided Y
O rSja *P«e»"M •¦ Cout E»L j« year*. O
d 4H&* DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 6
\ tftV&Pi Conwltntoa frt* and strictly priratc \
u B JA^Lt Tr«»ra«iu p«rionalljr or by letter. A Q
¥ B flr TS i*Mi(tw CW« ia «rery csm ondert»k«n. T
A P If III I Write for Bo«k. PIULO«umV*f /j
v " II 1| T ninnuGE, mailed rut. {at
1 jj |J Ttroabl* bofk for Bra) \
V DU.JORDAS * CO.. 1031 Market St.. 3. r. 9
n-cyo^^^^ 1^ -^ -^ -^
fLJ? FAVORITE
RESUMPTION
n FORWEAKWOMEN._
jfc?1*p^bJ? MENANDWOMEft.
4£Sra£pTT7B£!rCjji| Cm Big ©fornnmtnrai
«Mli 1 to 6 <UjO£a dl»ch»rg»i.lafl»nim»tions.
M&gfj Ounattrt 13 irrltatlonf or olctratlcai
Bfwj Miuitriitin. of raucoui mombrtnet.
g* Jl TnnmU CniutM. Falaieii, and not ¦itrta-
KfclTHEETmCHEMlCAlCQ. c*nt or poUonoun
Vga oixm)iiuTi,o.ggsa »«i«t *r x^ncstsu,
-!3»H" or s«nt in plain wr»pr«*.
i»y5wM»h. <4&*q br «xpre«s. prepaid, tot
"V^^SngCg^a $1.00. or 3 bottles tJ.Tft-
ADVEBTISETIIE2TTS
' -£
I
\ BEER
f&'Bottted 0oodnacr"&
fliM jt/kYd/srApJajve Good M
m& R O/c/Z/q/zln Pi W
ifi MILWAUKEE*
• g ''CQme,giren3*tastoof7onrqaalltj." \
I I Wiener BUdz — ihe embodiment 1
| I of honest components and 1
! 1 consummate skill m the art of I
• % brewing. Has character and ta&e / ,
k\ that's indescribably pleasing. #J
|vV^ Ask for it down town.
a fcJbk^W^ Send a case
home* *^
SAM BIBO ft CO.,
Wholesale TttiltT*, 313 Battery St.,
Tel. Mala S859. San Prancliico.
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
j 50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
! sale by all dealers and. at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to & p. m.
! The Overland
Limited
Leaves San Francisco 10 a. m. ;
arrives I'nion Passenger Sta-
tion. Chicago. 9:25 a. m. third
day. Electric lighted through
train, via the Southern Pacific.
I'nion Pacific and the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul
Railway.
Another jfood train at 6 p. m..
with tourist sleeping cars.
$72.50 to Chicago and re-
turn. July 7. 8. 13 and 14.
August 8. 9. 10. IS and l'J.
September 5. 6, 7 and S. Re-
turn limit. 90 days. Folders
. free . , „ ,
Tickets — 635 Market S^
c. x.. CAvnsu),
General Agent.
! BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
1 The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
I Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
' The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
! NABER, ALKS & BRUME, Agents.
32S Market St.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
1 Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBS POE MEN.
! HABXXiESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
' cases in a few days. Warranted to curs
worst cases. NO OTKZ2S TREATMENT
EEQUDtED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
I tures. PBETTE1TTS CONTAOZON. Harm-
less. $2.00 fur both bottles. For sale only
T. S. ICEI.I.Y 3 PHA&MACT. 102 Eddy.
! OCEAN T&AVEL.
• -.--.¦
sf£\tr J?\ Steamers leave Broadway
wharves ipiers 9 and II).
f^< Francisco:
/ft/f^l <u» \-A\ For Ketchikaa, Wrangel
I I VL*Ti I 1 Jun?au - Halnes. Skajwiv.
V \ \»«SA/ / etc.. Alaska — 11 a. xrt., J'i!y
Yf\ \\ jov 5 - 9 - 14 - VJ - "*' ** Au *- *
VaJNsII^/y/ Change to Company's stear.i-
Fcr Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townwnd, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. July 5. 0, 14. 19, 24. ™>.
Aug. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company'*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
! For Eureka (HumboMt T?ay'» — Pomon.i X-.r.t
; P. m.. July 3. ft. 15. 21. 27. Aug. 2. Corona.
i 1:30 p. m.. July 6. 12. IS. 24. SO. Aug. 5.
j For Los Angeles (via Port Ims An*ete« ant
i Redondo). San Diego and Sant% Barbara—
; Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
I State of Callforn;a. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
: For Los Angeles fvta San Pedro and Ea«t
! Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
| terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford iSan
I Luis Obisro), Ventur* and Hueneml.
; Bonlta. 0 a. m.. July 2. 10 1*. 2«. Auk. 3.
: Coo« Bay. 0 a. m.. July 6. 14. 22. SO. Aug. t.
¦ For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
! falia. Guayiaas dlex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
• ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane wt:t
! leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 5 19
i Ausr. 2, Id.
' For further Information obtain* folder. Right
1 Is reserved to chance steamers or sailing dat-»*
I TXCJCET OFFICES — 4 New Montsfoml
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
Way wharves. Preitf&t OSlce 10 Market at
C. D. DFNANN. General Passenger Agentl
¦,"._'.' 10 Market St.. San Franclsca
y LCGl!IC3.o.vU. «n«e « «to«t.
j~ . ojmci uu n un ir.
S. £. STERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and 8ydney. Thursday. July 7 2 d m
S. S. Ai/AMEDA. lor Honolulu. July lfl u « m '
S. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 9. h a. mV
U.SFRECQLS k Ml CMltljEfcl 03sj 613 m
KL miiM OflK 323MmKit. Pig/, tail: Si
tOKPASHM 8ZSS&AX.S T«U»3ATI,A»Tia:ji
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
sjallins every Thursday Instead of «ft S.1
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from I'ler iZ. -^HbKCS*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First clasa to Havre. $?o and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEI«CT FOR l'NITiri> STATES ANT>
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZl & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San FrancUeo.
Tickets told by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. S. K»tt Tard and Vallejo.
Btmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leave* S. F.. foot of
Clay St.. north end ferry bldg. — Week day*.
D:30 A. M.. 3 and *3 P. M.: Sundays. 9:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave .Vallejo— Week days.
6:30 A. M. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M. ; Sundays. 5
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to ' Vallejo. Glen Cove and Marttnea.
00c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALX.
CO..' phone Main <S41. "Saturday excepted.
¦ To XT. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
STMRb. GEN. FRISBIE, MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
M.. 6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. <«x. Sunday);
Sundays. 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leava Val-
lejo 7:0O A. M.., »:0O A. M.. 12:3O NOON.
8:15 p. m.. 6:0» p. m. (ex. Sunday); Sun-
days. 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 p. m. Landing »n,l
office. Pier 2. foot Mission at. Pboae Siaia
1503. HATCH BROS.
Tbats what every body
Says who tries it!
. 50W£TH!NQ GOOD FOB YOU;
ASK FOfc/T.Of the SImplon tunnel, uniting Italy
with Switzerland, only 15G5 meters re
main to be: bored. The number /of
meters conjDleted Js over- 18,000* v : ,-^^_
DENVER, July 3.— William Staple
ton, editor of the Denver "Republican,
has received a letter from John Bris
bane Walker, editor and proprietor of
the Cosmopolitan Magazine of New
York, a former resident of Denver and
still one of the heaviest tax payers In
the State, offering his services as arbi
trator in the Colorado labor troubles.
Walker Would Be Arbitrator.
SAN RAFAEL, July 3.— B. D. Pike
was Interviewed by a Call reporter late
this afternoon at the Hotel Rafael,
where he is staying with his family.
When asked if, he was the financial
backer of the movement to ship powder
to Port Arthur he said: "I have pat
ents for powder, but have shipped none
to Port Arthur and have no intention
of. doing so. If I were to ship any I
should prefer to send It\to the Japan
ese.".
When, informed that the Oakland po
lice had : confiscated . the powder, he
smiled and said: "The Tftirrels do not
contain powder. If the police have ta
ken possession of ~the barrels thinking
they contain powder, let them think
SO."" I . . .;., , ¦
He emphatically refused .^o _ state
What- tha barrels contain, - i .
DENIES SHIPPING POWDER.
A three days' downpour of rain
made the whole country resemble a
big lake and has delayed transporta
tion. Notwithstanding this, the ad
vance is continuing 1 , j
GENERAL. KUROKFS HEAD
QUARTERS, Thursday, June 30. — The
Japanese occupied Maotien pass to-day
unopposed. The Russians abandoned
three strong lines of earthworks on
the hills commanding the entrance to
the pass.
The foreign military attaches ac
companying the Japanese army, ex
press surprise that the Russians of
fered no resistance. It is regarded as
probable that the Russians feared that
their Hn6 of retreat would be blocked
by other divisions of the Japanese
army.
Delayed Report From Knroki's Camp
Heavy Rainfall.
COUNTRY ONE VAST LAKE.
Railroad Man's Wife Leaves Him Be
cause His Kindness Gave Her
No Chance to Fight.
KANSAS CITY, July 3. — "Mrs.
Bryning left her husband because he
was too kind to her."
This was the testimony given by a
neighbor in the divorce proceedings
instituted by Howard Bryning, travel
ing passenger agent of the Northern
Pacific Railway, against his wife.
"He always agreed with me, and
there never was a chance for any
kind of argument," Mrs. Bryning tbld
the witness, and "life was too slow."
LJFE WITHOUT ARGUMENT
TOO SLOW FOR WOMAN
VLADIVOSTOK, July 3. — Many
Japanese fishermen taken from
schooners in the recent raid of the
Vladivostok squadron were sent to
Irkutsk to-day.
It is reported that the Japanese are
having considerable difficulty ' with
their large fleet of transports. ' They
are said to be sparing no money and
have monopolized all the free steam
ers in the Far East, German and Nor
wegian vessels being given preference.
One of the wounded Japanese pris
oners who died was buried to-day.
The coffin was covered with the Jap
anese flag and with wreaths given by
the Russian sailors. A detachment of
Siberian rifles formed an escort and
military music was rendered.
Sparing No Money in the Acquisition
of Steamships.
JAPAX NEEDS TRANSPORTS.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 3. — The
researches being carried out upon
photographs of the two Magellanic
clouds have resulted, the Harvard ob
servators announce, in the discovery
of more than 100 variable stars in the
so-called large cloud. The two clouds
have long been objects of careful
study, on account of the extraordinary
condition which prevails in them, but
heretofore they have not been known
as regions in which variable stars are
numerous. ' ».
3Iystery of Heavens Is Cleared Up by
Uie Researches of Harvard
Obserrators.
STARS ARE DISCOVERED
IX MAGEIiLiANIC CLOUDS
VTIX OF WEALTHY WOMAN
ENRICHES EASTERN TOWN
Mrs. Cunningham Devises $600,000 to
Trustees for the Benefit of
Milton. Mass.
BOSTON, July 3. — To the aristo
cratic town of Milton, In which many
wealthy people of Boston have sum
mer homes, Mrs. Mary Cunningham,
who died two months ago, has left
% 600,000. The money, her will pro
vides, is to be held in trust for the
benefit of the town, and the trustees
ere to use at their discretion the prin
cipal and interest of the fund for some
charitable project or object which
¦will Improve and beautify the town.
They may improve libraries and
schools or promote the teaching of
Fewing or other industrial arts in
pchools or promote the health of the
town's people by means of parks,
playgrounds or hospitals.
Boer Hero To Be Married.
8T. LOUIS. July 3. — It is announced
that Piet Cronje, the old Boer hero,
f>nd the •widow of a former comrade,
Mrs. Johanna Stertzel, will be mar
ried at the World's Fair grounds to
morrow. £r
SALT LAKE, July 3. — The farmers
of Central Utah, In a determined effort
to rid their fields of grasshoppers, have
organized and are exterminating the
Insects by the ton. The grasshoppers
are particularly numerous In San Pete
County and have become so great a
menace to the agricultural interests
that the State has placed a bounty of
one cent a $ound on them. The County
Clerk of San Pete County has, during
the past week, paid bounties on over
8000 pounds of grasshoppers captured
In the neighborhood of the town of
Ephraim alone. Dozens of men and
boys have dropped their farm labors
and are devoting all their attention to
catching grasshoppers,.
Ranchers In Utah Organize and Make
Determined Effort to Rid Their
Fields of Pest.
FARMERS FORSAKE PLOWS
TO KILL GRASSHOPPERS
WASHINGTON, July 3. — The Jap
anese legation to-day received the fol
lowing dispatch from Tokio:
"The chief of staff of the second
army telegraphed as follows:
" 'On June 15 a petty officer and
other soldiers, six in all, belonging to
the Eighteenth Infantry Regiment, en
countered while scouting about fifteen
Russian soldiers at Chengtsushan and
were killed after hand-to-hand fight
ing. On the death of these men the
Russians thrust their bayonets into
their mouths and cut open their lungs
and took away the contents of, their
pockets.
" 'On June 27 Kobayashi Waichl, a
first-class cavalryman belonging to the
Third Cavalry Regiment, who waa
scouting at a point about four kilo
meters northeast of Heunlcheng, waa
attacked by the Russians and fell dead
on the ground.. Thereupon about
twenty-four cavalrymen surrounded
the dead man and barbarously stabbed
him several times. At this moment a
company of our cavalry appeared upon
the scene and the Russians fled, leav
ing the body of the man in our
hands.' "
Japan Files Counter Charges Against
the Russian Troops.
.MUTILATION OF THE DEAD.
The average capitalization per mile
of all the street railroads in the United
States for the year ending June 30,
1902, was $128,881. The average capital
ization per mile in the State of Massa
chusetts was $48,621. The average cap
italization for a mile in the- State of
New York was $239,547. In other words
the street railroad capitalization In the
State of New York is $110,666 per mile
greater than that of the United States,
and is $190,926 per mile greater than
that of the State of Massachusetts,
which has had the benefit of excellent
laws and the railroad commission pos
sessing ample powers and a will to ex
ercise them for the benefit of the pub
lic—Wall Street Journal.
Water In Street Railroads.
For cutting timber in Luzon Sullivan
pays 14 cents Mexican per Spanish cu
bic foot, which is equivalent to $7 per
thousand. This Is a high stumpage
rate, since on top of It lumbermen must
meet a number of other special tax as
sessments. He believes that the next
Congress will change the laws applying
to Philippine industrial operations, with
the object of simplifying them.
D. P. Sullivan of Manila came on the
Shawmut to introduce the various
woods and show cabinetmakers how
they can be used to the best advantage.
He claims that they will take as high
a polish and work up as well as any
timber secured in America. The speci
mens comprise red and yellow anna
and acle. all acinet woods, together
with guyjo and yacal, heavy construc
tion umbers.
TACOMA, July 3.— The steamship
Shawmut last night brought to Tacoma
a sample shipment of 20,000 feet of Phil
ippine hardwood, which is to be shipped
extensively to this country in competi
tion with Eastern hardwoods. Speci
mens will be made by the Philippine
Lumber and Commercial Company of
Chicago, which has been preparing for
operations for three years.
New Competition In Lumber Industry
Is Promised by a Chicago
Promoter. .
WILL SHIP PHILIPPINE
HARDWOOD TO AMERICA
JAPANESE AVORSHTP MIKADO.
Bishop Say^, the Little Brown Men
Have Xo Religion.
Bishop Partridge of Japan, during
a sermon at Grace Church yesterday,
spoke of the divorce of religion from
morality in Japan and the substitu
tion, among the most intelligent Jap
anese, of patriotism for religion.
"Many a Japanese had said to him,"
asserted the Bishop, "I don't need any
religion; Japan is my religion, the
Mikado is my God, what more do I
need?"
"It is impossible," said Bishop Part
ridge, "for an. American to » form any
idea of the appalling general vice that
is a condition of Japanese life." The
most vicious are the priests of the
Buddhist faith. Christianity, how
ever, is gaining ground and many men
high in social and national life are
Christians. ',>
JAPAX HAS STRANGE RUMOR.
Report That Russia Has Offered to
Surrender Port Arthur.
TOKIO, July 4, 11 a. m.— It is re
ported that Russia has, through
France, offered to surrender Port Ar
thur to Japan, together with its ships
and arms there, providing the garri
son is freed. A confirmation of the re
port is impossible and it is generally
regarded to be untrue.
French Coal for Russian Fleet.
PARIS, July 3. — The reports that
France will permit the Russian Baltic
fleet to take coal at French ports along
the route to the Far East are officially
verified. This will permit France to
give notable evidence of. her friend
ship for her ally. However,, the privi
lege will be kept within, the strict
limits of international law.
Southern Cotton Spindles.
A little more than ten years ago, 1890
1891, says a writer in Gunton's Maga
zine, there were in Southern cotton
mills some 1,950,000 spindles, operated
by approximately 30,000 hands. In 1903
there were in Southern cotton.^mills
8,000,000 spindles, with about 130,000
hands to run them. At the earlier date
the cotton mills in the South employed
about one-seventh of all the cotton mill
operatives in the country. Now that
section finds labor for nearly one-half
the whole number of hands engaged in
cotton mills in the United States. In
the ten years from 1892 ~-to 1902 the
number of spindles in Northern mills
increased 1,750,000, while the increase in
the South was 4,450,000 spindles. These
figures set forth with an eloquence that
must be convincing the ambition and
determination of the South to enjoy, as
far as possible, the profit and inciden
tal advantages to be secured by the
conversion of the raw material they
produce into cloth right where the cot
ton Is raised. — New York Commercial.
The numerals of 1888 added together
(1 plus 7 plus 8 plus 8) are equal to 25,
and the Emperor, by adding this 25 to
1888, learned that 1913. was the year in
which, according to the seer, the em
pire would be overthrown in Germany
and a republip established in Its stead.
— Chicago Chronicle.
King William, grandfather of the
present German Emperor, was told a
few months before his accession to the
throne of Prussia by a Berlin prophet
ess the year when he would becdme
Emperor and also the year of his
death. The Klmj, she said, would be
come Emperor in 1871, because this was
the date obtained" by adding to 1S49,
the year in which he had come to the
throne, the numerals (22) of which 1849
was composed. She then said that he,
would certainly die in 18S8. since this
was the date obtained by adding to
1871, the year in which he would become
¦Emperor, the numerals (17) of which
1871 was composed.
The present Emperor has pondered at
times over this prophecy, and recently
he consulted a seer, who arrived at re
sults in the same manner and who as
sured him that if he desired to know
the year in whicH Germany would be
come a republic all that he need do
was to add to 1888, the year of his
grandfather's death, the numerals of
which 1888 was composed.
rA Seer Consulted by the Kaiser, as
Was Done by His Grantl
. father.
SEES GERMAN* REPUBLIC
LOOMING UP IX FUTURE
Recent Russian denials of naval loss
es have been particularly directed \to
the statement contained in a previous
report from Admiral Togo that on June
23 the Japanese inflicted serious losses
upon the Russian fleet off Port Ar
thur.
Foreigners who left Port Arthur the
evening of July 1 reached Chefu on
July 2. Their reports made no men
tion of the sinking of two Russian war
ships.
Refugees from Port Arthur who have
arrived recently at Chefu report that
four Russian battleships, with gun
boats and torpedo boats, are kept in
the harbor, while two battleships, five
cruisers and a flotilla of torpedo boats
make excursions to sea.
Recent reports from Russian sources
mentioned continued activity and sev
eral engagements by land and by sea
near Port Arthur from June 24 to June
30. A Russian official report said that
on the night of June 24-25 Japanese
torpedo boats approached the fortress
at Port Arthur, and that on June 26 a
Japanese land attack was supported
by a cannonade from the warships.
During the evening of June 29 the forts
and batteries at Port Arthur opened
fire on Japanese torpedo boats. A dis
patch from Chefu said a big battle
was fought on land near Port Arthur
on June 26 and 27. No mention, how
ever, has been made of Russian losses'
to correspond with those reported by
Admiral Togo.
The Russian torpedo-boat destroyer,
Lieutenant Burukoff, left Port Arthur
on the night of Tuesday, June 28/ and
reached Newchwang the next day. §he
is believed to have cony out with dis
patches for the army and St. Peters
burg. The Russian Foreign Office has
given out a dispatch, dated June 30,
announcing that the Russian warships
safely re-entered Port Arthurs-after the
fight of June 23 and that not one of
them was damaged.
CHICAGO, July 3.— Michael Kappel,
residing at 514 Clybourne avenue, when
examined for life insurance to-day was
found to be an anatomical freak.
Through an X-ray examination Dr.
Adolph Decker discovered that all of
Kappel's internal organs occupy exact
ly opposite positions to those, of the
ordinary man. His heart is on the right
side, his liver is on his left side and his
stomach is on his' right side.
Kappel lives with his wife and three
children and is In perfect health. Before
he came to this country he served two
terms in the German army without the
surgeons ever discovering the displace
ment of his organs, and had he not
wished to insure his life he probably
never would have known of the de
formity.
Dr. Decker, who has made a special
study of Kappel and other cases of this
kind, says that sitres Inverses, as the
deformity is called. Is very rarely
found. The first case, waa discovered
by a noted English physician. Dr. Aber
nethy, about 1790, in the body of a dead
child. Dr. Decker says that usually in
such cases the person is left-handed
also, but Kappel is not. As far as ap
pearances go he 13 the same as any
other man.
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
The letters grew more frequent and
a week ago a silver-haired man ar
rived at Montpelier, Idaho. In the par
lor of the little hotel there he was
married to a silver-haired woman, ful
filling the troth plighted on the Jersey
shore when both were young.;
They moved into the little cottage at
Bennington. Almost immediately the
old wife began to fail. She now lies
dying, tenderly watched by the lover
of her younger days.
BEXXINGTON, Idaho, July 3.— Mrs.
Robert McCallum, 85 years old, lies
slow!*- dying in her little home here.
By her side sits her husband, 88 years
old. Bride and groom, they are living
over a romance that began more than
half a century ago.
Robert McCallum and Annie Graham
were lovers in New Jersey sixty years
ago. The day for their wedding had
been set when the Graham family met
a Mormon elder, became converted to
the Mormon faith and decided to follow
the fortunes of Joseph Smith, the
prophet. Annie Graham elected to go
with her family. McCallum refused to
become a convert to the strange faith
and they parted.
The Graham family left for the West
with the Mormons, passed through the
troublous times at Kirtland, Ohio, and
Nauvoc, Illinois, and in 1847 completed
the weary pilgrimage across mountain
and plain to Salt Lake.
In Salt Lake Annie Graham married
a man named Weaver and became the
mother of a large family.
The Weaver family moved to Idaho,
where Weaver died about ten years
ago. About the same time McCallum's
wife died in New Jersey. McCallum
and the sweetheart of his youth had
exchanged occasional letters during
the many years that had passed, but
had never seen each other since they
parted. Their children had grown to
manhood and womanhood and both
were left alone. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Death Guest at Marriage,
but White-Haired Groom
and Bride Appear Happy
X-Ray Discloses That the
Heart, Liver and Stomach
of Patient Are Misplaced
CURIOUS FACT REVEALED
"Mr Quinby and mvself came over
to-day to see whether this lot was ready
for shipment. "We had no idea of the
excitement its discovery provoked.
"Yes, a lot of it has been sent to
Port Arthur, and I presume has been
used In making land and submarine
mines. The Japanese could also have
purchased it from the' individuals to
whom it has been shipped. Under no
circumstances can it be classed as con
traband of war, and I do not see where
we can be involved in any difficulty
over a violation of the neutrality laws.
The stuff is going now to Chinese ports,
and is, of itself, a harmless substnee."
"I want to add," interrupted Chem
ist Quinby, "that this material is not
inflammable in its present state, that
is, not dangerously so. In mixing it
and packing the compound I permit
the men to smoke and I smoke myself
when weighing out the Ingredients."
Explanations were made to the police
and to the fire department officials this
afternoon,^ and these tended toallay
the intense excitement that had been
created.
"Mixed with either chlorate of pot
ash, nitrate of potash or nitrate of
soda it becomes an explosive and can
be made equal to 60 per cent nitroglyc
erin. In its high form it Is known as
'dragonite.'
"So much for the explosive. I manu
factured .this 'dope' at Sobrante and
also in San Francisco before coming
to Oakland. It Is being handled by
A. B. Fields. I am under contract not
to sell any in this country. Of course,
you have heard of the powder trust.
I am not In it. My patents cover for
eign countries."
. That fully 100 tons of the stuff have
been sent to Port Arthur was admitted
by Fields, who said:
"I have been shipping the 'dope,' as
Quinby calls it, to private consignees
in the Orient. It can be used for mines
as well as for blasting, or other pur
poses for which explosives are utilized.
Where this base compound goes after
It is sold I am not In a position to say.
It has been shipped regularly on the
Pacific liners, and you may be
sure that if it were a dangerous ma
terial we could, not send it on them.
The steamship people, as well as the.
authorities, have investigated it.'
EXPRESS SURPRISE.
"Let me set your mln,ds at ea.se," said
Quinby. "This stuff is not. explosive.
But it will be after it has been treated
in China, where the shipment you see
here is going. Those barrels contain
about ten tons of what we call 'dope.'
It is a patented composition to be used
as a base for high or low grade explo
sives, as may be desired by the pur
chasers of it. I am the patentee and
Piko Is a half-owner In the formula.
The compound is composed of sulphur,
fixed carbon, hydro-carbon and nitro
benzol. It is, in its present state, as
harmless as a cooing dove.
In the midst of the disturbance that
Focacci's complaint caused Quinby and
Fields sauntered into the Demartini
cottage.
"An old man living near here came
to me to-day and told me that I should
see that no fireworks were used around
my place to-morrow, because the stuff
in the barrels in Demartini's yard
would blow up or get afire, and there
would not be water enough in Oakland
to put out the flames.
"I went around and looked at the
barrels and notified the police."
A. Cavagnaro, Lawrence Grondona
and Tilston Owens, who had worked in
the building at 625 Myrtle street, where
a large quantity of the compound was
manufactured last year, told the police
that it had been shipped to Russian
end to Chinese ports in large quanti
ties. Sulphur, oils and bran were used
In making It, and the process was care
fully handled by."W. C. Quinby, one of
the owners of the formula. Further in
quiry developed that Quinby, who is an
expert chemist, residing at 2929 Lin
coln avenue, Alameda, Is associated
with R. D. Pike, a wholesale liquor
merchant at 213 Battery street, San
Francisco, in the enterprise. A. B.
Fields, a broker of San Francisco, ap
peared as a third person interested in
the enterprise.
. MANUFACTURERS ARRIVE.
Captain of Police W. J. Petersen, ac
companied by Chief Engineer N. A.
Ball of the Fire Department, went to
the scene. They found in the rear of
Demartini's cottage fifty-two barrels
filled with a mixture which had betn
given all kinds of mysterious force.
Likewise did they find galvanized iron
tub's in the cottage cellar that had
been used as mixing tanks. There lay
the stuff, apparently menacing the city
for blocks around. Focacci told this
story to the officers:
The discovery of fifty barrels of the
compound in the back yard of D. De
martini's residence, 627 Myrtle street,
aroused great excitement this morn
ing, and caused police and fire depart
ments to make, an investigation. Louis
Focacci, residing at 653 Myrtle street,
a few doors north of the Demartini
house, brought about the investigation
by reporting to the Chief of Police his
discovery that the back yard of his
neighbor contained enough explosive
material to destroy the entire town.
OFFICERS INVESTIGATE.
OAKLAND, July S.— From Port Ar
thur to Oakland is a far cry, but a
chain of interesting revelations have
connected the Manchurian seaport with
the Athens of the Pacific.
Through a complaint, which was
made to the authorities, it has been
disclpsed that large Quantities of ma
terial from which explosives for the
mines, land and submarine," used in de
stroying Japanese and Russian soldiers
and ships, are being manufactured in
a secluded corner of this city.
The owners of the process will not
admit that they have sold, any of it
direct to the Russian or, the Japanese
governments, but it is known, never
theless, thajt more than 100 tons of
the composition was shipped to Port
Arthur to private 'consignees before
the war began. Large quantities have
also been forwarded to Chinese ports,
there to be manufactured into an ex
plosive equal in power \o 60 per cent
nitroglycerin.
The cause of the delay by Admiral
Togo in forwarding this report is not
known, but it is presumed that he waa
busy and did not have time to com
municate with Tokio.
The twelfth torpedo flotilla, under the
command of Commander Yamada, de
livered the attack. The Japanese ves
sels were revealeS by the Russian
searchlights and the shore forts opened
a heavy fusillade upon them.
The Russian guardship was sur
rounded and attacked by the Japanese,
who saw this vessel sink amid the
huge volumes of water thrown up by
a heavy explosion. Following this the
Russian torpedo-boat destroyers at
once attacked the Japanese vessels,
which responded to the onslaught. A
Russian destroyer, while within the
area lighted by the searchlights, was
seen to explode, rise, fall back into the
water sideways and sink.
The guardship sank near the base of
Golden Hill.
TOKIO, July 3.— A belated report
from Admiral Togo records a desperate
and successful torpedo attack at the
entrance of Port Arthur last Monday
night, June 27, in which a Russian
guardship and a Russian torpedo-boat
destroyer were sunk.
The guardship is described as hay
ing two masts and three funnels. She
was either a battleship or a llrst-class
cruiser and she was torpedoed and de
stroyed. The torpedo-boat destroyer
was struck and then blew up and sank.
Admiral Togo reports the loss o-f one
officer and thirteen men killed and one
officer and two men wounded. He
makes no mention of damage to his
fleet. _ .
Lieutenant General Sakharoff, under
•date of July 2, reports minor outpost
affairs and reconnaissances in the
neighborhood of Siakhotau. General
Sakharoff believes that dysentery is
very prevalent ~" among the Japanese
troops.
~ On June 27 the Russian fire destroyed
two Japanese guns and a caisson. There
are fresh indications of a Japanese ad
vance near Siakhotau. According to the
report Russian scouts have ascertained
that a number of Korean soldiers are
assisting the Japanese. ' •
LIAOYANG, July 3.— The whole of
Manchuria seems to have turned into a
marsh,-' and the weather almost pre
cludes a movement by either side.
It is reported that the Japanese are
near Liaoyang and a battle is expected
when the weather Dermits. The coun
try is such that a few days of sunshine
will dry the roads.
It is reported that 20,000 Japanese are
working toward Mukden, but this is
scarcely credited.
LONDON, July 4.— The* Central News
has received the following from Tatche
kiao under date of July 3: ,
"The weather is dry, but the Japa
nese are taking no action. The Chinese
state that the Japanese lack victuals,
medicines and forage. East of Kaichou
the . principal Japanese force have
fallen back, abandoning their positions.
There have been no notable changes
on the road to Liaoyang."
- According to a dispatch to the Cen
tral News from Mukden, dated July 3.
it is reported that the Japanese are
moving two divisions upon Liaoyang
from Fenshui Pass.
One of the most striking features of
the situation is the lack of naval news
from the Russian side, but it is pointed
out that If. the fleets had gone out such
news would be natorally slow in com
ing through Russian, sources. .
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4, 4:30 a. m.
Official news up to July 2 indicates that
the Japanese advance from the south
has been suspended, along with all oth
er Important move'ments at the seat of
war. The authorities do not expect
much more than desultory skirmishing
until the weather improves. The situa
tion is considered satisfactory from the
Russian standpoint.
There Is evidences of considerable
sickness in the Japanese camps. ,It is
expected here that thfe Japanese will
suffer more from the/ rainy weather
than will General Kuropatkin's force.
OCTOGENARIANS WED
SACRAMENTO, July 3. — Two
freight trains going in opposite direc
tions came together with a terrific
« rash near Blue Canyon at an early
hour this morning. An unknown tramp
Mas killed and another injured, while
:in engineer and brakeman received
severe injuries. The head-on collision
was evidently due to the failure of
some employe of the company to keep
track of the movements of the two
trains. The scene of the wreck was a
¦winding pass in tHe high Sierras. The
engineers of the two trains did not
know of their danger until a turn
through the-liilis brought them face to
face. It was then too late to control
the locomotives and the collision which
followed was one of the worst ever
witnessed on the mountain division.
The engines were demolished and the
< ars of both trains derailed. It re
quired the services of two wrecking
* rews for twelve hours to clear the
track for the overland passenger trains
tlelayed by the accident.
Knpineer C. M. Fogus of Rocklin,
who had charge of one of the locomo
tives, was thrown from his seat in
the csb by the force of the collision
and his back severely injured. He
trafl brought to his home and medical
aid given him. W. L. Bohannon, a
lirakeraan of tire eastbound train, was
severely bruised about the head and
remained unconscious for six hours.
He was brought to the railroad hos
pital at Sacramento, where it was said
this evening his injuries were not seri
ous. An unknown tramp, who was
riding on a freight car, was thrown
from his hiding place and killed, while
another tramp, name also unknown,
suffered a bad fracture of the Jaw.
The light attachments of both locomo
tives were completely torn off and the
engines piled up in a mass at the side
<if the track. The escape of the en
gineers and train crews from instant
death is regarded as miraculous.
Tramp Killed and Several of the Crew
Hurt in Collision.
FREIGHT TRAIN'S WRECKED.
The injured were mostly taken to
private houses in the vicinity of the
wreck and later on those who were able
were removed to hospitals. The sur
vivoi s of the disaster went to St. Louis
late to-night. One of the survivors was
Andrew M. Lawrence of California, a
Hearst political manager.
Charles Corneau, station agent at
Litchfield, said that the wreck was the
result of malicious mischief. He said
it was plain that the switch was tam
pered with.
"Lay me dov.n somewhere and go
back and save the women and chil
dren."
F. "Ward of Chicago showed partic
ular nerve. One of his legs had been
torn off. When he was carried out of
The wreck he said:
"I saw two persons burned to death.
One was a man and the other a young
pirl. I do not know their names.
Wreckage held them down until the
heat became unbearable and the men
who were trying to save them could
riot remain another moment.
"There was. another passenger, a
woman, whose feet were pinned down
by a heavy beam. It could not be
moved and ehe begged that her feet
be cut off. The flames drove every
body away before she could be saved."
A. E. Darling of St. Louis, one of the
passengers on . board the observation
cas. said: .
The train consisted of six cars, all
heavily loaded with passengers. The
three rear cars, diner and two sleepers,
were not derailed. The other cars were
riled uo in an Indescribable mass and,
•with the crushed freight cars on the
tiding:, took lire. A rumor spread that
one of the freight cars was loaded with
explosives, and* for the time this had
the effect of retarding the work of res
cue.
Dr. P. J. Farrell of Chicago, one of
the passengers, directed the work of
rescue, giving medical attention to the
injured. Temporary hospital headquar
ters -were hastily established in Litch
field. A driving rainstorm prevailed.
The dead were removed as speedily as
possible A.0 undertaking rooms. It is
probable that the exact number of dead
will not be known for several days, as
the passengers assert that bodies were
cremated in the burning debris.
SEES VICTIMS CREMATED.
there vere forty killed, but probably
the number Is not so great."
Police Find Tons
rvf F YnlnQiv/A ,
[WI ra f ex p | r\ I •
ividiui lull
Ftein Puts Check
on Contending
Armies.
Japanese Admiral
Reports a Sea
Victory.
At Brink of Grave Aged
Couple Complete Eomance
Begun Sixty Years Ago
Continued From Pajre 1. Column 6.
Examination by Physician
Shows That Chicago Man
Is an Anatomical Freak
FINDS ORGANS
ON WRONG SIDE
TOGO SI N KS T WO RUSSIAN WARSHIPS;
CONTRABAND OF WAR AT OAKLAND
HEAVY LOSS
OF LIFE IN
RAIL WRECK
LOVE SURVIVES
TIME'S ATTACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 4, 1904.
According to a magazine devoted to
engineering, the Yukon River, which
is 2400 miles in length, is navigable by
steamer lor over 2000 miles. -
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS>
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSIA
rannot only find TcVief. but an absolute
cere from this distressinj troub> by using
In order to prove that this absolutely f
harrr.,ess remedy cures catarrhal in-
fiamssauotj ol the ilomach. 1 vri!l send
TRIAL SIZE BOTTLE FREE
on receipt of s.s cents to pay po<Uce
Gi.vco.zonb not only lelieves, bat
it cures.
In this it diScrs from what you may
have used. '
Sold by Ie«vd:r.£ druggists.
S«ac ci-uulnr wUbeat m;i: (a >[ nre ,
6IO Prince St* Now York.
. S««4 f»r tram TioeOtt " E»w to tntt diMam.**
eociMiB.u. r famndrwU «f suo!iciU4 tntimaailja
of wcaierfil cere*. — «™
Iasthma'nolaj
lm Vim only cure for Venrona anfi
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Jour Druefciet or at bW UAIGUX 6T_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Heart
Is a wonderful pump that works inces-
santly, averaging seventy 50-pound
stroke a minute and forcing from 20 to
SO pounds of blood throughout the body
each minute. - :
The power that keeps this wonderful
pump in motion Is nerve-force, the en-
ergy furnished by the nerves.
Disease, over-exertion, fright, anxiety,
alcohol, tobacco ~and other stimulants
weaken the nerves, but the heart. In-
stead of stopping, makes extraordinary
efforts and causes heart strain.
Then comes shortness of breath, heart
palpitation, dizziness, etc., because the
nerves are too weak to furnish power.
Take the only safe remedy,
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
It feeds, strengthens and builds up the
nerves and muscles of the heart so they*
can supply the necessary energy.
"Dr. Miles' Heart Cure is a marvelous
remedy. I always use It when cardiac
trouble Is present. It meets the indica-
tions surely and completely." — C. F. P
BURCHMORE. M. D.. 496 Mass. Ave.,
Boston. Mass.
The first bottle will benefit, if "not, the
druggist will return your money.
1\a ml w r*\ H &m% 8 \3 B *c9 ¦ . Z*m
WTw5><-;m.i- _7?.j>aZ=?»Ti>.. 7 < m^*r*-r(*je
MiARKFT gr. 3 F S&jS^
Gfll H JB CM\ Outfits. Guns. Atnmunl-
fili Sj^Ba tlon . Fishing and Outlay
B D dzMu B9 Uocxls. Tents and Gum t<j
g-a 5 1? 3 ft Kent. CATALAXJ FREE.
«B 1 B B 3 SIIREVE & BARBER CO..
739 Market it.
621 Kearny »l. 3. V.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62?) KEARUrr 5tT. Kstabllshed
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Loat Msn&ood. Debility or-
iixeano wearing on body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. TbeDoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. marges low.
¦• ~«ii^i.-jT-,™B<'urc»j:ui»r»nte l r«i. Call or write.
B>r. J. »'. CIBBOX. San Francisco. Cat. .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rarsH ajtd salt meats.
I1C- RAYFC £ Cii Shipping Butchers. 101
JA>. JjUICJ tt VV» Clay. Tel Main U»4
ores. "
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
' • 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
' PKIHTINQ. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IZMMk 1QO4
Office of Grand Marshal
4th OF JULY
CELEBRATION
California Hotel,
San Francisco, July 2nd, 1904.
•piIE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENTS
* * r » h«reby made for the celebration of th»
1-Sth anniversary of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in this city:
i The following win be the line of formation:
Band and Battalion of Police Sergeant Helm*
commanding, on Market street, right re»tina
on Montgomery, faclnar south.
Regular troops en Market street, right rest-
ing on Battery street, facing south.
I National Guard of California and Naval
Battalion on south side of Market «r«et. right
resting on First, facing south.
Independent Rifles, east side of First stwt.
right resting on Market.
Italian ReaU Cfcrabinierl M. A. Society, on
left of Independent Rlttes.
Aids will report to Grand Marshal at »:30
«. m. In front of California Hotel.
i The line of march will be from Battery.
, along Market to Montgomery, to Bush, to
j Kearny. to MarkeC to Van Ness avenue, thence
to Post street, where the line will be- reviewed
; and dismissed by Mayor E. E. Schmtts and ta#
( Grand Marshal.
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Battalion of Police. Sergeant Helm« com-
mandins.
1 „ Band.
I GRAND MARSHAL. COLONEL J. C. O'CON-
NOR.
Chief of Staff. Colonel D. Geary.
' TT £hlef Aid. Colonel M. J. O"D«a Jr.
I AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAL— W. H. Rice.
Maxwell McNutt. Harry Kelly. Loren E. Cum-
mings, \\ . E. Trefts. J. H. Shine. W. A. New-
nian. M. E. Van Meter. J. A. Cussen. E. L.
No an. Joseph Costello. Frederic J. Bertrand.
\\ilham M. Magulre. J. G. Boyne. Thomas J.
Moroney. J. B. Queen. E. J. Kir wan. James
M. toley. William Altmann. William Boyce.
Max L. Rosenfeld. Eugene SIcCoy. J. J. Furry.
J. J. Donovan. David Mullender. Charles Lan-
dan. Robert Peat. Dr. Klngwell. Georse E.
Gallagher. R. W. Costello. Dr. S. J. Cunning-
r ai S' f- J- Kelley. E. F. Lucitt. George. Ryan.
J. Smith. J. Marlow. C. O. Shea. J. McArdle.
P. Hughes. Ed Anselo. Adam Cilllland. Joseph
Powers. Maurice Hayes. A. Becker. B. Adams,
J. D. Shay. Ed Glynn. Jerry O'Connor Jr..
James Hayes. Louis Levy. T. Atkinson.
Knlted States Army Troops.
Third Band Artillery Corps. Captain U./R.
i-urges.-. Artillery- Corps, commanding. '
Third Squadron, Ninth Cavalry. Lieutenant
Colonel E. A. Goodwin. Ninth Cavalry com-
manding.
Fifth and Twenty-fourth Batteries. Field
Artillery. Major E. T. Brown. Artillery Corps,
commanding.
National Guard of California Troops.
First Infantry Regiment. N*. G. C. and Band.
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neill commanding.
First Battalion of Artillery. N. G C. and
Band. Major H. P. Bu3h commanding
Signar Corps. Second Brigade. N. G C.
(mounted). Lieutenant Enwnett R. Jones com-
manding.
Brigadier General R. H. Warfleld and staff tn
carriares.
Na^i al Battalion and band. Captain George
\v. Bauer commanding.
, Band.
Independent Rifles.
Italian Reall Carablnleri M. A. Society.
Mayor E. E. Schmitz. Mexican Veterans. Ex-
empt Firemen. Foreign Consuls. Supervisor*
and other Invited guests in carriages.
GENERAL INFORMATION.
, The parade will start at 10:3d a. m. sharp.
Fireworks and concert at Washington Square
1 from 8 to 10:30 v. to.
; Fireworks also at Eighteenth and Dolores
streets at S o. m.
Open-air concerts In Jefferson Square. Bernai
Park. South Park. Duboce Park and Columbia
Square from 2 to 5 p. m.
PROGRAMME.
Literary and Musical Exercises at Alhambr*
Theater at '2 p. m.
1. Overture, "America" (Moses)
1 . :<elo's Orchestra
2. Invocation Rev. W. M. Bours
3. Introductory remarks (President of the
Day> Rev. T. Caraher
4. Music. "American Patrol" (Mecham)
Orchestra
5. Song. "Stars and Stripes Forever"
Knickerbocker Quartet
6. Reading of Declaration of Independence..
• v James A. Bacigalupl
•7. Vocal eolo, "My Own United States"
Charles E. Hay
8. Recitation, "Drake's Address to the
Flag" Mrs. G. D. Ohnimua
, 9. Vocal solo. "Star Spangled Banner" •
Miss Annie Rooney
10. Oration (Orator of tne Day)
JwVe Frank J. Murasky
11. Song, "The Old Flag Forever"
Knickerbocker Quartet
12. Vocal solo. "Sword of Bunker Hill"
Richard Jose
13. "America" (the audience will, please rise
and sing).
1 4. Benediction Rev. John Nugent
15. Music, "Uncle Sammy" (Abe Holzman)..
Orchestra
COLONEL CHARLES BOXTON. •
Chairman Fourth of July Committee.
STATEMENT
— of the: —
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
¦
assuranceIqmpany
of america
OF NEW "JPORK. IN THE STATE OT
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tht
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: J
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash Jino.OOO o>
ASSETS. ~~
Cysh Market Value of alt Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $l,0CS,S73 00
Cash In Banks 91,853 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.754 3*
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 62.411 43
Total assets $1,186,000 94
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $70,509 0O
Losses resisted. Including expenses 3.710 0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $651,-
111 60; reinsurance 00 per cent.. 323,333 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runsinr more than one year.
$214,652 40: reinsurance pro rata 118.048 93
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 17.458 47
Total liabilities $533,273 23
1'.), INCOME. *
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $943,383 99
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 39.234 43
Total Income $8S3.S17 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $92,843. losses of pre-
vious years) $431,309 49
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 237,749 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2.320 00
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 23,663 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 4.MO 4S
Total expenditures $753,343 63
Ftr».
Losses Incurred during the y*ar. ...$458,362 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. ¦
_»— — . ¦ k «_———_—¦- —_.___«__¦¦_»
Net amount of Risks
written during . the -
year $85,884,830 $1.14X869 44
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year '..... 108.183.481 1.408,804 13
. Net amount tn force
December 81. 1003. . ¦ 65.411.733 865.784 00
ALBERT R. LEDOUX. Vle4 President.
CHARLES. S. CONKLlS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.' this 3th
day otFehruary. 1904.
¦ CHRIS BAMBACH. Notary Publlo.
G. A. HENRY & CO., General Agents
215 Sansoms St., San Francisco, Cal. _
California, Alaska. Arizona, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Nevada. Oretron, Utah, Wash-
ingtoo and Hawaiian Island*.
\A/. T. HESS,
Notary PudUc and Attorney-at-I,«w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Clau* Sprccltels btff.
Telephone Main 9S3.
¦ "¦> -- Residence. 1803 McAllister at. —
>«l»«nc« -T'^^aaJPaf* gMt^ *r..
TEN BEAUTIFULLY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTS
Beginning with the issue of
July 10th
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will Issue a series of die hand-
somest Art Supplements ev«r
issued by a paper in the
United Suites.
Look nt this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son.
2. "Footllght Favorites," by
Bryson. '
3. "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow." by
Bryson.
5; "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by Richter.
8. VMother and N Child," by
llfchtcr.
9. "Head Over Heels," by
. V Broun (H. A.).
10. ."A Serious Case," by Rose-
land. -
Be sure to collect this series.
' EVERY ONE A WINNER,
THEY; ARE HUMMERS.Mrs. Mills lleturns to Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 3. — Mrs. C. T.
Mills, founder and president of Mills
College, and Miss Fannie Madison have
just returned from Portland, Or.,
where for the last three weeks they
were the guests of Mrs. C. A. Holph
While in the north Mrs. Mills and her
companion spent a short time with
friends in Washington. ~ '" '
OAKLAND, July 8. — The Butchers'
Union last night elected the following
officers: President, Henry Schaffer;
vice president, Henry Rouch; corre
sponding secretary, J. Erhardt; finan
cial secretary, Carl Schiethe; sergeant
at arm?, C. Klambt; guard, J. Turner;
guide, J. Thacker; trustees — H. Behr
man, J. Richardson, P. Wuthe;. dele
gates to the Packing Trades Council —
Messrs. Richardson, Behrman, Mc-
Govern; delegates to the Provision
Trades and Labdr Council — Messrs.
Richardson, Daviennd Behrman.
Butchers Elect Officers.
Organizer and First President of the
King's Daughters' Home Passes
Away After Long' Illness.
OAKLAND, July 3.— Mrs. Laura Al
brecht, a notable figure in philan
thropic work In Oakland, died last
night at 11 o'clock at her residence on
Fruitvale avenue, Fruitvale, after six
months' Illness.
Mrs. Albrecht was the organizer and
first president of the King's Daugh
ters' Home of this city. The Institution
was established seven years ago and
has grown to be one of the important
philanthropies of Oakland. Only the
aged and physically helpless are cared
for. The home has had a wide meas
ure of success in the field to which it
has been devoted. Mrs. Albrecht was
zealous In her attention to the work
and contributed in no small degree to
the upbuilding c-f the home.
Four daughters survive. They are
Mrs. Adam Gilliand, Mrs. A. J. Mc-
Knight, Mrs. C. L. Dingiey and Mrs.
D. H. Irwin. Mrs. "Albrecht was 65
years old, a native of Germany. The
funeral will be private.
WOMEN'S PROHIBITION
CLUB ENTERTAINED
Franklin Perry ' Hooper, the well
known lumberman, died suddenly at
his residence, 2522 Green street, last
evening at 7 o'clock. The cause of
his death was apoplexy. J ¦
He spent yesterday afternoon in town
and was on his way home to dinner,
and almost there, when he was taken
ill in the car. He asked the assistance
of some friends, who happened to be
passing by, and they helped him to his
home. He was able to reach a chair
in the front hallway and then quietly
passed away. He suffered a slight
shock of apoplexy about two years ago,
from which he had apparently recov
ered. He was actively engaged in his
business affairs up. to Saturday night.
Mr. Hooper came to San Francisco
in the early fifties. So soon as he left
hchool he. went into -the. lumber busi
ness and has for years been promi
nently identified with that industry.
He was a member of the firm of F. P.
and J. A. Hooper.
He was born in Massachusetts on
October 6, 1836. He was unmarried. He
had only just recently moved into his
beautiful new home, where he resided
with his widowed sister, Mrs. W. E.
Norwood. Besides Mrs. Norwood he
leaves three brothers, John A, Hooper,
Charles A. Hooper and George W.
/Hooper. As all the members of his
family excepting: his two nephews are
out of the city, no arrangements have
been made regarding the funeral.
Toi-pedood lu Park Row.
Two marines from the battleship
Kentucky were headed for the Park
row entrance of the bridge, on a
course from the southward. One of
them carried a big grip with a large
cargo under its hatches. It was early
in the afternoon rush and the marines
had hard work maneuvering. In the
swirl of the human current at Frank
fort street the Nassau tide hit them
and they were swept around. The
man with the grip was carried clean
off, his feet and left stranded in the
roadway on the edge of the vortex.
His companion was hustled In the
same direction, but managed to keep
his feet.
Slowly the castaway reached a level
keel and caught the arm of the other
craft in distress, as he looked, dazed,
at the thousands of skilled navigators
scudding toward the bridge.
"Say, Bill," he finally ejaculated,
"you've gotter go slow in this man's
town or you'll get torpedoed." — New
York Press. . ,-V
Blunders of the Rich.
It is a bad blunder for the rich men
to try to shirk their civic duties. It
creates prejudice against them. They
may not care for that, but it is a mat
ter of serious care to them whether or
not the law is upheld. Without law
their»vast property interests would be
worth nothing. The more the people
respect the law the better it would be
for property owners, and if for no
higher and nobler reason it is clearly
in the material interest of the rich that
law and order shall prevail, and it la
therefore in their interest to discharge
their civic duties with faithfulness and
with willingness and to respond cheer
fully to the demands of tfi e state
authorities.— Richmond (Va.) Times-
Dispatch.
Boy Hurt by Explosion.
James Delehanty Jr., the 10-year
old son of James Delehanty of 102?^
Cypress avenue, was severely hurt yes
terday afternoon by the explosion of
an. oyster can filled with po.wder and
sand. The boy's eyes were filled with
the sand apd his face was lacerated by
the charge. He was taken to the City
and County -" Hospital for treatment.
Particles of powder and sand were re
moved and seven stitches were taken
to close a gash. The boy is liable to
be left blind from the accident
Members Pass an Enjoyable Evening
at the Home- of Mrs.
R. R. Rohr.
OAKLAND, July 3. — Mrs. R, R.
Rohr, president of the Women's Pro
hibition Club of Oakland, entertained
the members of the club at her home,
1496 Market street, on last Thursday
evening. After the business had been
transacted a musical programme was
rendered by members of the club.
During the evening a telegram of
greeting was received from the Xa,
tional Prohibition Convention, now in
session at Indianapolis.
The Rev. Emma Paw Bander, or
ganizer of the Women's Prohibition
Club, Is attending the convention.
ALAMEDA. July 3. — Fourth of July
is to be celebrated in old-fashioned
style at the West End, the exercises
to be directed by. ' the West End
Improvement Association. Colonel
George C. Babcock will be the orator
of the day and State Senator Joseph
R. Knowland will read the Declara
tion of Independence. There will be
field contests during the afternoon
and a ball and fireworks at" night.
AlanuNlaiis Will Celebrate.
LOSES A FINGER.— James McNeil of -121
Hyde etreet, while looking to see if. the fuse
on a giant tlrecrack-sr had burnt out had
part of his little finger brown off. He was
removed, to the Central Emergency Hospital
where Dr. Herzog drtFPed the wound.
SLIGHT FIRE IN BASEMENT.— A i fire
started In the basement of the residence of
F. S. Kerner. 1422 Larkin.»treet.' .The house
Is own«(l by Mrs. E. Marks. The damage was
¦light.- -Miss Gibson, who was ill In the house
with typhoid fever, was - moved . across the
street to a place of safety. -' -" -
A Good Samaritan.
A Southern writer tells this story of
a negro preacher's version of the par
able of the good samantan: There
was a traveler on a lonely road, said
, the preacher,** who was set upon by
| thieves, robbed and left wounded and
helpless by the wayside. As he lay
there various persons passed hirn, but
J none offered to assist him. Presently,
however, a poor Samaritan came by
and, taking pity on the wounded man's
plight, helped him on his mule and
took him to an inn, where he ordered
food . and drink and raiment for the
man, directing .the innkeeper to send
the bill to him. "And dis am a true
story, brethren," concluded the preach
er, "for de inn am standln' dere yet,
and in de do'way am standin' de
skel'ton ob de innkeeper, waitin* f er
de good Samaritan to come back an*
pay de bill."— Baltimore Herald. V..
MRS. IiAUKA ALBRECHT
DIES AT FRUITVALE
When the Mariposa sailed for Tahiti yester
day many of Mr. anTS Mrs. J. Waiter Scott's
friends were mt the dock to bid them bon
Miss Anita Oliver and Miss Jone* of Hono
lulu are greats of Mifs Cordie Bishop at Ben
Lomond. M». Horace Hussey U summering
et Ben Lomond and eo are the E. M. Walshes
Mips Evelyn Hussey wu in town for a few
flays and on her return to Ben Lomond took
with ber an her gueste Mlsa Charlotte Lally
and Miss Doris.
The Tom Magers will enjoy the Fourth In
1*1 Monte. Mr. Mac* arove his four-ln-hand
<lomn and expects to take out several coaching
parties during bis May in Monterey.
Mtss Eva Torker is spending the holidays
•with Dr. Paullr.k Nusbaumer at Pleasanton
During the latter part of July Mies Yorker
and her mother. Mrs. E. D. Yorker will be
the tnieats of Mrs. Carrie. Fross Snyder in
Brookdale.
The stork, busiest of birds In thewe "antl
race-suicide 1 day*, paid a visit to the home
of Mr. and Mm. Charles E. Parcels yester
day morning- and left there a little dark-eyed
daughter. This is Mn. C. B. Parcell'e first
grandchild and the family i» very happy
over It.
Mrs. J. T. Wright and Mrs. Thomas Bailey
Pheby entertained In honor of Miss Guernsey
last week.; Luncheon was served on the ve
randa, which overlooks the picturesque gar
4en and lake, and afterward bridge was en-
Jojed. The Wrights recently purchased the
ctrt Stanford place en Oak etreet.
- Anout twenty cuest* will enjoy another
j,iea*ant outdoor affair at Mrs Charles P.o
dolph's next Wednesday, when Mrs George
Martin will be the eue«t of honor. Mrs. Ko
dolph has a charminy home in East Oakland
Dr. Martin fs erpecfd very soon now from
lirrltn. and when he arrive? Mrs. Lee, former
ly Ethel l*ate«. and Mr*. Martin's sister, will
Join the family party. Dr. and Mrs. Martin
will probably return to their home in Berlin in
September some time.
, The Tuesday Five HundrnJ Club about thf
only card club that is *tlll playing, has bfin
converted to "bridce," and on Thursday next
the member* will enjoy the new game and a
basket luncheon at Piedmont Park.
Among those who are planning a picnic for
the Fourth are lh«- Walla?* EveKona Miss
Kiel* Everson. by the way. Is having the J..1
lkst kind of a visit with her fitter Mri>
OKKlhue, at Long Beach. In Southern Califor
nia.- Their other married daughter. Mrs
Kobcrt*. U a guest, with her husband, at the
Everson home on Sixteenth street.
The fad fcr bare heads and out-door life is
raining adherents as the vreather permit.; and
among soci.ty people alfresco affairs are ex-
Cf^ilnglV I>opu!ar just now. LaM week sev
eral delightfully informal veranda luncheons
and garden parlies w«?r* given. To-morrow
will witness the beginning of another series
Most of the society folks have already loft
town for the summer, but of those who still
remain. many are planning to epend to-morrow
on ti»« hills or picnicking in tome adjacent
OAKLAND, July Z— Oakland i? aflutter
»ith flags and bunting. Experienced mothers
«f patriotic youngsters are laying in a. suj.ply
of !lnt and lirrtment for the burnt fingers that
follow in the wake of every Fourth of Ju!y
celebration and it* Inevitable firecracker at
companlmfnt.
By Zoe Green Radcliffc.
DEATH SEIZES
A WELL-KNOWN
BUSINESS MAN
ALAMEDA. July :;.— Mr. and Mrs. Charlea
II Jenkin B (nee iiaxter) have taken u cottace
at I a'.o Alto for a month. They will leave to
thtre to-morrow. *
Major Oecrge W. Chaplin and family of
\tn-ailles avenue have departed for Pacific
'jrcve.
Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Duvltl and their daugh
ter, Mis» Juanita David, are to pass the re
mainder of the summer season at Boulder
K. J. Holt and family of 1007 Morton street
are preparing to go to Cloverdale for a month's
outing.
Jud*e and Mrs. John Ellsworth leav'e Tues
day for Crag View, near Castella. wh»re they
will sojourn for three week?.
«!*r n - £ I* Tfl >' 1< ' r an<1 his »lau*hter.,MI.«8
Miriam Taylor, will depart Thursday for Kt
Louis, where, after viewing the exposition,'
they w£ll visit some of the larger Eastern
cities. ¦ ..- x -¦'.
Dr. and Mrs. George P. Reynolds and thoir
daughter. Miss Grace Reynolds, Miss Clara
Innes and George II. Mastlck are members of
a party now 'on its way to the Kootenay coun
try in British Columbia for an extended out
\nz-
Mrs. Herman KtufI and her son Robert have
returned from a four months' trip to Manila
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Wilson, who have
been living with Mrs. Wilson's parents. Mr
and Mrs. F. E. Mason of Everett street wlli
m»ve to Fan Francisco this week.
W. A. niiwn and family ur«j at Lake Ta
ho«, where they will remain until after the
Fourth of July season.
Mr. and Mrs. L. H.Jacobl are passing a
month at Big Meadows In Plumas County.
Mrs. T. B Cosjhill and hor daughter, MiM
lassie Coghiil, are ypendlnp the summer with
Mrs. John Manley at the Stanley ranch in
Napa. Mips Lucas Harvey of San Francisco
l« also a guest «f Mrs. Stanley's.
Mim Laura Sanborn. Miss Isabelle Kendall
Miss Gertrude «oul«i and IIIeh Viva Nicholson
have gone to Rowardennan tor a short star.
While there they will be chaperonrd by Mr»
toward Lwcll.
Mrg. Louise Aller.der is fpendlns the summer
with her sister. Mre. Barriolhet. In Los Qato.s
Thf De Oolia* are planning to vialt the World's
I- a;r in Sootember.
A merry houFP party will enjoy the Fourth
at \illeremi. the- <~habot'« country home in
Napa Th* party will Include Miss Jane Orel
lin. MIms Kthel Cr^llin. Minn Ke-ssie Palmer.
MIfs Alice and Miss Ruth Knowles. Mifis Kdith
(.asklll. Mr. and Mns. William Watt Roger
Friend, Dr. J'crcy Gaskill. Fred Meckmann.
VUIIard Barton. Tom Knov.Ien. Mr. and AIr»
Henry LUeckmann. Dr. and Jirs. Jamea P
Dunn and Mr. and Mrs. Robert Knight.
voyape. They wore accompanied hy an or
chestra ar.fl the trip promises to be an unusual
ly delightful one. The steamer will be In
Tahiti during, the annual celebration there of
the 14th of July by the French colony.
Mis. Beott has been ill for pome time and her
fri.nd!< hope she will be greatly benefited by
the trii».
HOLIDAY SOCIETY
Sensenbreuner helped the man whom
he had wounded to get back to Berke
ley, where Dr. Payne treated him tem
porarily. Lux was then brought to the
Oakland Receiving Hospital and placed
under the care of Dr. Stratton. The
young man's wounds are very serious.
Young Lux, who is a machinist by
trade, came to Berkelev to-dav with
Henry Sensenbreuner, who lives at 788
Folsom street, San Francisco. They
had one shotgun between them and
started for Wildcat Canyon, back of
Berkeley. There are some curious caves
in the canyon that Lux knew about
and he was anxious. his friend should
see 'them. He started to lead Sensen
breuner to them, and was a short dis
tance * ahead, when Sensenbreuner
stumbled and the shotgun was dis
charged. The full charge took effect
in Lux's back, wounding him very se
riously.
Albert Lux, 21 years of age, living at
1105 Mason street, San Francisco, was
accidentally shot by a companion while
hunting in the hills back of Berkeley,
and is in a critical condition at the
Oakland Receiving; Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 3.
Albert Lux Is Seriously
Wounded by His Compan
ion on an Outing Trip
SHOT BY FRIEND
WHILE HUNTING
In the afternoon a ball game will be
played by the Southern Pacific em
ployes from the dispatcher's office. It
will be hotly contested, as It is for the
championship of the coast and eastern
divisions. The day will conclude with
a grand hall and a magnificent display
of fireworks.
It is the only celebration In this sec
tion, and Santa Clara County is going
to turn out en masse. The parade will
be the main feature of the day's pro
gramme. Under the direction of Grand
Marshal Dr. C. W. Decker, the parade
probably will be the finest ever held in
the county. In addition to the parade
there will be the usual games and
sports, also a firemen's tournament.
PALO ALTO, July 3.— Independence
day In the university town will he one
grand hurrah from sunrise until mid
night. From indications it is evident
that Palo Alto will be called upon to
ente'rtain upward of "10,000 people.
From San Francisco there will be a del
egation of Native Sons, Native Daugh
ters, Veteran Volunteer Firemen and
other organizations numbering about
1500.
Special Dispatch _to The Call
LIVERMORE, Ju # ly 3.— Livermore
is in gala array in anticipation of the
bfg Fourth of July celebration to-mor
row. This will be inaugurated at 10:30
a. m. with a civic and military parade,
in which Companies B and I, National
Guard of California; the local post of
the Grand Army of the Republic, the
Livermore and Pleasanton Fire de
partments, the Livermore Light Artil
lery and the members of several fra
ternal organizations of Livermore and
Pleasanton will take part. David Mc-
Donald will act as grand marshal.
In the evening there will be a dis
play of fireworks and a grand ball at
the Sweeney Opera-house.
In the afternoon will come a base
ball game at the local grounds be
tween the teams of Haywards and
Livermore, followed by a bronco
busting contest at Winegar's Park at
3:30 o'clock.
The programme of the literary
exercises, which take place at 1 p. m.
in the Sweeny Opera-house, follow:
Introductory remarks by the president of the
day, T. C. Knox; chorus, "My Own United
Statep 1 ": reading of Uoolaration of Independ
ence. Mrs. Ora. Winters; chorus. •"Hail to Our
Ptar-Oemmed Flag": oration Judge J. J. Al
len; '•America." by the audience.
Festivities Will Ojx-n With Great Par
ade and Continue All Day.
CELEBRATION AT LIVEHMORE.
Patriotic Exercises and
Games Will Be the
Features.
The programme includes an address
by W. H. L. Hynes *of Oakland and
the reading of the Declaration of In
dependence by Miss Olive Benbow of
Irvir.gton. with race* at the Union
race track, a parade of "horribles," a
Bham battle and a band concert. The
arrangements for the celebration are
in the hands of the following com
mittee: J. A. Bunting, J. J. Santos, \V.
W. Walton. C J. Augusto, H. \V. Num
bers, M. Oliviera. F. T. Hawes (chair
man), J. J. O'Keefe (secretary), Judge
Sandholt. L. L. Francis, D. D. B.
Eaton. J. Dias, \V. T. Ralph, M. J.
Souza. C. A. Plummer, M. F. Francis,
F. T. Duptenberry, W. S. Santos, Dr.
C. A. Ellis, J. G. Mattos Jr., H. W.
Lynch, A. T. Borst, F. F. Moore,
George Joseph. C. F. Homer, R. A.
Beeching, B. K. Badger. M. S. Pires,
C. H. Hatch. J. M. Joseph. W. D. Pat
terson and J. S. Bell.
CENTERVILLE, July 3.— The citi
zens ot" Cemerville are preparing for a
Fourth of July celebration that will
Furpars anything of a like nature ever
seen in the town. The festivities will
continue throughout the day, closing
with a grand ball and display of fire
works.
CEXTEUVILLE'S PATRIOTIC PLAN.
Citizens Arrange Fine Prosrammc in
Honor of Xatal Day.
Dr. Arrhenius* researches have re
sulted in the discovery of some facts
that are highly interesting to biolog
ical science. Among others the analogy
that exists between the blood of
man and the highest types of the mon
key family, particularly the chimpan
zee. The tests with lisin have developed
that they are closely related, for the
poison has had the same effects in the
experiments with the blood of the two
animals.
A number of experiments have been carried
on with the blood of various animals. The
blood Is treated with a poison called Hsln.
which acts on the corpuscles so as to affect its
color. In order to determine what other poi
sons counteract this poison we apply anti
poisons and thus discover the basis for a new
serum.
With tuberculosis we have not pursued any
lengthy investigation, but it is possible that in
time something may be accomplished. Dr.
Koch, you know, discovered tuberculine. but
hf> never achieved final success. About the
only thin? tubercultne did was to develop un
mistakable evidences of tuberculosis in ani
mals that had boen previously only suspected
of the disease.
Typhus is such a malignant disease that it
is doubtful If it can be snid that treatment
with serum is successful. The common method
of investigation with that disease haa been to
extract blood from the patient and experiment
with it. Great success has been secured with
a serum in India, where formerly large num
bers of people were killed annually by the pot
son of reptiles. It has also become the com
mon thing to supply the French troops in
Madagascar to protect them against the snakes
there.
These researches are being caried on with
IJie knowledge that every poison has its spe
cial anti- poison. A disease Is a poison that
affects some part of the body. It can ba
reached through the agency of the blood.
which itself is poisoned. By the application
of the anti-poison, of which th» «erum is
composed, a reactionary effect is obtained and
the disease is conquered. I believe that in
time this method will bring about a revolu
tion In the practlpe of medicine
The great difficulty is to secure an anti
poison that will be efficacious and it \s aionz
these lines that I am working. In the case
of diphtheria we have had the most aucoess
and the serum for that disease Is now being
manufactured everywhere. It was a compara
tively easy disease to study, as its indica
tions are always on the surface. By inocu
lating the lower animals with the white mem
brane of patients afflicted with that disease
we were able to ascertain Just what counter
poisons gave results.
Professor Svante A. Arrhenius of the
Summer School faculty of the Univer
sity of California believes that with
the application of chemistry to the cure
of diseases the treatment of human ills
will soon be reduced to such a scien
tific basis that men will marvel at the
crude and illozical methods that have
obtained so long in this enlightened
age. The greatest physicist of the
world holds to this belief, because he
has had a measure of success with
serum-therapy in his own native land
of Sweden ' and in Denmark, where
there Is a National Serum Institute.
The results that Dr. Arrhenius has
obtained in this great field of research
he proposes to give to the world for the
first time in a series of lectures during
the summer session at the University.
None of the discoveries Dr. Arrhenius
has made have ever been published and
no doubt they will be of the most pro
found importance to scientists and
medicos.
The successes that have been ob
tained with serum and its application
to diseases are so far limited to a few
of the more malignant types of bodily
ills. These may be enumerated as
diphtheria, lockjaw and possibiy ty
phus. Partial successes have also been
secured with the bubonic plague, chol
era and blood poisons that have been
caused by reptiles. In discussing his
experiments to-day at the Loeb Physi
ological Laboratory, where he is asso
ciated for the summer with Dr. Jacques
Loeb, Dr. Arrhenius said the sum and
substance of nearly all diseases lie in
the poisons that the body secretes,
therefore it is the obligation of science
to discover the counteracting antidote.
He said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 3.
A. It. Uc-nke— I have been bo busy this we-ek
that I have scarcely had time to realize Just
how lively the realty market Is In Alameda.
If business continues as It Is. no dealer In
Alameda can Justly complain.
Charlep Adams of Charles Adams & Co.
People are fast coming tot realize that central
Alamfda Is as fine a location for a home as
any other portion of the city. The result Is
that we have had many Inquiries from outside
parties for building- Kites find -expect to record
many transOrs In th" near future.
Frank Hally of Ually & Co.— We have had
renters as fust as the houses have been placed
in our hands. We have aleo several trades
of outside property for Alameda realty In
process of nrpotlation.
K. I). JucM of E. TVJudd & Co.— Th«?re are
practically no modern houses to be renter! In
Alameda and as fast as one is ready a score
of perftons wait, to take It. Building wfth us
is brisker thnn It has been for yearn.
Captain J. S. Hanley of .1. S. Hanley & Co.—
In all my experience In the real estate busl
nesn in Alameda I do not remember It to have,
been better. The houses going up are more
artistic and MibstanUal than ever before and
the people erecting them appear to be of the
ironpyed clae*. Ther* are twelve jsplendld
homes being built now in the neighborhood of
Morton etatlrn.
ALAMEDA, July. 3.— Business of local
real estate dealers continues brisk, de
spite the vacation lull. Building is
lively, and there are more homes now
nearing completion in Alameda than
for any corresponding period in the his
tory of the city. Modern cottages and
residences are taken by waiting ten
ants as soon as ready for occupancy
or vacant, and the demand for houses
to rent has been for some time and is
now far in excess of the supply. Here
is what some of the realty brokers have
to sav of the existing conditions of the
market:
William Hammond Jr. of Hammond & Ham
mond — Several important sales were negotiated
hy us last week. We sold to M. Hy*r« the
northwest corner of Peru street and Pacific
avenue, on which are located four two-story
modern residence*. The price obtained was
close to $12,0<i0. We also sold to Joseph Faure
on account of F. I?. Elderkln a lot and nix
room cottage on the east sfd« of Pearl street,
betv.-ecn Kncinal and Han Jose avenues.
Frank X. Dodd of the Alameda Land Com
pany — We have had a good week and within
the next few days will close up a number of
deals Involving tho ccnetructlon of fine resi
dences. We have boen unab!<» for months to
meet the demand for modern cottages to rent
and the result of this has been that the erec
tion of i»ur-h hnmrs is experiencing a boom.
SAN LEANDRO. July 3.— The Ma
sons of San Leandro are planning for
a new Masonic Temple, to be erected
at the corner of Hepburn street and
Hay ward avenue. The plans for the
new structure have already been sub
mitted to a joint committee from the
lodges interested. The building will
be two "stories and a half in height.
The ground floor will contain two
stores, four offices, a lodge room and
ante-rooms. On the second floor will be
two lodge rooms and a parlor, and in
the half-story above will be two ban
quet rooms and a complete kitchen.
The new Temple will be the joint
property of the three Masonic orders
of. San Leandro, the Blue Lodge No.
113, the Royal Arch Chapter No. 66
and the Eastern Star No. 103.
If the present plans are accepted the
construction work will be begun this
month.
ACTIVE ALAMEDA.
NEW MASONIC TEMPLE.
During the last eight months more than $70,
000 has been invested in real estate in Elm
hurst. There are now ten buildings under
construction, all of modern architecture. Hard
ly a vacant house Is to be had In Elmhurst,
notwithstanding many new buildings have been
erected during the year.
Prices on property In Elmhurat are based
upon actual conditions and a purchase now i«
unquestionably the beef realty investment in
the State.
Within the last ftw weeks there has been a
peneral revival of business In real estate In
Elmhum, with an increased number of in
quiries and consequent increased number of
sales. This Indicates that Elmhurst as a resi
dence suburb is becoming better known among
home £*>ekers.
Not only has the sale of property to
outsiders been large, but there has been
a great influx of people, who, though
unable to purchase or build, have come
t% live in Oakland. These newcomers
have rented homes. In consequence, It
is almost impossible now to find houses
in desirable localities for rent.
SUBURBAN REALTY IX DEMAND.
James J. O'Toole. a prominent real
estat»; dealer at Elmhurst, says:
Steadily increasing sale pf Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda property have
marked the last month as one of the
most prosperous periods in the history
of Alameda County. In spite of the
fact that many people, in all parts of
the State have been away from home
on their summer vacations, local deal
ers report a larger amount of business
for June than at any previous time
during the present year. ¦ ¦
A number of Important sales of Oak
land and Berkeley real esjate have
been made to people who have for
years had their homes In San Fran
cisco, but who, in consequence of the
increased transportation facilities be
tween that 'city and Oakland, have de
cided to locate here. Nearly thirty per
cent of the June sales were made to
people from San Francisco or more dis
tant parts of California.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 3.
The Rev. Jefferson E. Scott. D. D., of
Ajmore. India, occupied the pulpit this
morning Jit the First Methodist Church.
. Miss Vlrglnie de Fremery has re
signed as organist of the First Pres
byterian Church.
National music with a stirring ad
dress by the Rev. E. R: Dllle on "God
and Our Countr" " were given to-night
at the First Methodist Church.
"Our Church. Our Country," was the
subject of the Rev. Paul Stewart's dis
course this evening at the United Pres
byter'-- Church.
The Rev. W. W. Madge preached to
day at . the Fourth Congregational
Church.
The Rev." J. N. Dixon occupied the
pulpit this morning at Plymouth Ave
nue Congregational Church.
No\ Sunday evening services will be
held during July at the Thirty-fourth
street Methodist Church. The Rev.
John Coyle. . A. D., presiding elder,
preached this morning.
Patriotic services were held in several
of the Oakland churches to-day, in ob
servance of the national birthday an
niversary.' , ' ' •*
.Company A, Veteran Reserves, N. G.
C., and members of the Women's Re
lief Corps of the Grand Army attended
the services at the First Baptist
Church, which were conducted by the
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, the pastor. ,
The Rev. Owen Hotle, pastor of the
Eighth-avenue Baptist Church, gave
a Fourth of July, discourse this even
ing. £-?«•
"America's Greatness," was the sub
ject of a patriotic discourse this even
ing- by the Rev. C. R. Brown at the
First Congregational Church.
Patriotic services were conducted this
evening: at Fruitvale Congregational
Church. The pastor, the Rev. Burton
M. Palmer, preached on "The Christian
Citizen." - - '
"Our Debt as a Nation to the Past
and How to Pay It." was the subject
of a sermon preached this evening at
the First Presbyterian Church, by the
Rev. TV. W. Halloway of Dover, Dela.
The Rev. Henry H. Wintler, pastor
of Emmanuel Presbyterian Church, de
livered an address this . evening on
"Palestine and America, a Parallel."
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
t . • ,. 1016 Broadway, July 3.
William O. and Hetty T. Henshaw. hy
George W. Reed, their attorney, to Alfred »*.
and Pauline C. Christ*nsen. lots K9 and 70,
block C. Linda Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Margaret
A. Broadway <wlf« nt John H.>. lot 67, Gallndo
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Albert P. and Kleanor W. Jacobs to Edward
W. and Anna M. Nelson, lots 2 and 9. block D.
Golden Gate Tract. Cmkland Township; $10.
Kato Armstrong (widow) to T. J. Armstrong
(trustee). lot on X line of McKeo street. 200 E
of Occidental. X l."55 by E 50. lot 2t>. block J.
map Paradise Park. Oakland Township; also
lot on N line of McK*e street. 25O K of Occi
dental. E 50 by N KIT., lot 10, block J, «ama
map, Oakland Town.«hip; $10.
El^ie Sinclair isingle) to P. R. John (iinglo.
lot on S line of Prince street. 150 W of Deakln.
W 50 by S 135, lot S. block C. map of part of
Woolsey Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George D. and Ella Hutehlnson to Jean and
Marie Arees (as Joint tf-nant»>. lf»t on, W ltn«
of Ixiulsa street. 20U X of Virginia. N 57:8
by W 13,".. portion of lot 8. block B, Eureka
Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
Frank E. and Mary Armstrong to Carolina
H. Blnsom (widow), lot on XW corner of
Ride* road (Daley avenue) and Le Roy avenue,
X 100 by W 50. portion of lot 21. block 12.
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10O.
Mary L. Swain iwldow) to Xellie C. Squires,
lot on E lin» of Mllvla street. 9O S of Vine.
S 50 by E M lot 12. subdivision plan of
Sprague and Swain property In block. 7, Graves
and Taylor Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Howard S. Holmes, to Xettle Holmes (wife).
Irvt on S line of Pacific avenun. 118 W of
Paru street. W 50 by S 150. Alameda; gift.
John and Sadie Armstrong tr» W. G. Kensfell.
lot on E 50 ft of lot 5, block 6, Daley** Scenic
Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Isaac Ij. and Ella J. Paxton to Johanna
Qulnlan (wife of Daniel), lot 5. block F, Lath
am Terrace. Brooklyn Township; $10i
Continental Building and Loan Association
to M. D. Hoffman (widow), lot 1. Forest Park
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $io.
A. J. and Sophie M. t^ni'der to Laura A.
Mllten (wife of J. L.). lot on K line of Tele
graph avenue. 110 X of Orchard street, X RO,
E. 127. 5S. S W W 127.46. lot 3. bloc-k B. Armes
Tract. Oakland; *10.
Laura A. and Charles D. Haven to Thomas
F. Lyons, lot on \V line of Chestnut street,
VM.6 S of Eizhth, X ::."> bi" W 127, block 54t>.
IViardman's map. Oakland: $10.
Hetty T. and William G. Henshaw (husband)
and as attorney to Cecil T. Walker, lot at In
tersection of XE line of County road. Oakland
to San Leandrr>. with SE line of Adeline street.
NE J41 by SE 159. • lot .8. block D. Oajcland
Trea Farm Tract. Brooklyn Township; 11).
George P.. M. and Alic* M. Gray to A. II.
Clarke, lot on XG corner of Fourteenth and
West 3treets, E 00 by X 61:10ft. lot 1, block
H. map block 2s»7 of North Oakland Homestead,
Oakland: fit).
A. H. Clarke to Addie C. Clarke (wife), same,
Oakland; gift.
Annie U. Hamhly (;lngle) to William A.
Ilermle. lot on XW conver of Twenty-seconil
and TVlegrapn aveniKs, W a<i:4 by N «3, Oak
land; $10.
Eugene C. and Ruth Esleston to Annette
Manuel, lot on E line of Filbert street. 8 of
Thirtieth. S Zu by E 12.".. Oakland: $ZiA>.
Andrew R and Flame* Hammond to
J-ercmo C. Ford, lots on line beginning at .«.
point in ci,-nt»r of line on Vernon street. 2O.'t.7*
SW of itr interstction with E boundary line of
Peralta Reservation, as per Kelltfrsberger'a map
of Ranchop V. and D Peralta. thence XW
;^io. XE 114. XE 7"*. to E boundary line of said
reservation, th-nce XW to cen;er lln« of Florio
street, thence alcng said la*t line W to point
where? !t would be intersected by a line drawn
X and S parallel with and 40 E Trom W
boundary, being lots 11 and 12. White Tract:
thence S on salrt l)n» paraftel and • distant
throu<Jjout 4i> i: from W line of said lota 11 ami
12, to center of Vernon street, thence E to
beginning, being portion of lots 2, ;t and 4. all
of lots 5 to lt», K 02 feet of Iot3 11 and 12,
White Tract. Oakland; $10.
O«j-ar I». Whitney to Philomena Whitney
(wifei. lot» on E linp of West street, S5 N of
Twentieth. X ;:."> by K 10< v . lota 2 and a. block
L, Curtis and Williams Tract. Oakland: gift.
jamea T. Ashby i single » to Helen M. Carter
(single), lot on fci line of Emerson street. 21S.7!)
W of WheeU-r, W 50 by S loo. lot »5, block O.
amended map of E portion of Xewbury Tract In
plat £1. flancho V. and D. Peralta. deed mad*
t'j correc? error In 74S) D. -44. Berkeley; $1.
Roekwood and Mary A. Flirt to Delia S.
Heaps, lot on X line of Virginia street. 4O
K of McGee. E 10 by . N. 10U. portion of lot*
10 and a, block C, Edith Tract. Berkeley; $l».
8. D. Ayres to Hairy J. Chinn. lot on W
line of Etna street, 1H0 S ot Dwight way. A
40 by W 13o. portion cf lot 4. block 3, map of
property of John Kearney, etc.. Berkeley, $10t*.
John and Ada M. llinkel to George F.
ThompKon. lr.t on E line of Harper street. 14S. 15
ri of Russell, 3 lo by V.lTi, lot 1». block li>,
map subdivision of block 10. Central Parlc
Tract, Berkeley; $!(>.
George F, and Anni«* Thompson to John Ed
ward Jenner. same. Berkeley; $10.
Ada D. Anthony (single) to Vlctorlne K-
Anthony (widow), all interest In lot on NVT
corner of Kighth anJ P^raita streets, X 42. W"
luu. S 71:.54, K 1O4.:J'... «o beginning. Oakland;
al«» lotj on S line cf Central iTwelJth) avenue.
1«O W of Wej; street, S luu. W S5, N 4:0'^. \V"
7-'J :l'/i. N 11U:;!>4. E llt>:S, to beginning, block
131 kelleraberger"» map. Oakland; grant.
Mary Moody (widow, by Charles li Wilson,
attorney) to the Ebell Society (corporation;,
lot on E lin^s of Harrison street, 774 N of
Twelfth, N y.1 by E luo, beiag N IS feet or
lot 4 and S 6 feet of lot 5, Alice Park property.
Oakland; $10.
Catherine Connors (Regan) to Timothy Quirk,
lot on N line of Lydia street. 125 \V of West.
W IIS by N M):4. trf-ing i^rtion of lot ft.
block G. Curtis and Williams Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Pauline Denn^ry (widow) tt> John Flsch. lot
50. Piedmont Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
Edward K. McCarthy et ai. to Emma M.
McCarthy (widow), !ot 75, block 4. Maxwell
Tract. Oakland Township; also lot on W line
of Eleventh street. TO N of ViUa avenue (or
street). W 1G«> by N o0, lot 10 a_i<l portion u:
let 17, block ;: revised map San Pablo avenu«
Villa Tract. Oakland; *ll>.
Carrio Ovenell (widow) to N«Ule Inne9, lot
on S\V corner of Benton and Maccall streets,
\V 54. for point of beginnins S at>:6 by W 41.
portion of lota 10 and U. bloc* G. map portlonv
of Brumagim Tract, lying W of Shattuck ave
nue, Oakland; $:'•,'".
SATURDAY. JULY 2.
John an..l Kate Coblne to Michael Bus»o *b<1
Kate Dalto. lot on \V line of Linden street. 137
N of Third. X 25 by W 132. block 473. Board
man's map. Oakland; $10.
AlaniPcla County.
ItEAIi ESTATE TRAXSAC/nOXS.
Miss Yirginie de Fremery
Resigns as Organist for
the First Presbyterians
Many New Homes Are Being
Erected in Alameda and
the Market . Is Busy
European Scientist" Looks
. for Complete Revolution
in Practice of Medicine
POISON FIGHTS POISON
PASTORS HEED THE DAY
SUBURBAN TRADE GOOD
Sixth division— Marshal. Oscar Luning
»id» — Joseph Kramm. Earnest WUnn, Dr. K
"Williams; Maccalj».ei< - band; Piedmont Parlor
N. P. G. W.. No. 1^0; Native Daughters. No!
Iff; decorated float, G^orite T. Loher; Modern
Woodmen of America, uniform degree team
Woodmen float.
Seventh division— Marshal. M. J. Pllva
aids — Frank Lourenco, M. J. Canhato; Wood
men hand: uniform rank, V. P. E. C; float
commemorating landing of-Cahrilho; officers
CIVIC SOCIETIES' PARADE!
Veterans Mexican War— Major John L.
Bromley, Major Kdwin A. Hherman. Ferdinand
MryeF. Capt2in David Howell; O. A. R buf=»«;
Appomattox Post, No. SO; float
Other guests— Dr. NT. K. Foster, secretary
State Board of Health; H. C. Capwell. Edwin
Stearns, c. J. Heeseman. C. H. King, John
Bishofi, M. J. Keller. G. W. Bacon. Dr. J. L.
Major.. Jamw K. Fowler.
>ourth division — Marshal. .Daniel Crowley;
*4 d8 -- c - J- Twomey. J. p. Wohlfrom. John
Mavlch. P. J. Delehanty; League of the Cross
Cadets Band; liugle and Drum Corps- Fim
Regiment. League of the Cross Cadets, Colo
nel J. E. Power commanding-.
Fifth division— Marshal. Dr. L. F. Herrick;
aids — Dr. J. Loran P*a*e, Oscar I. Runnel?.
Dr. Carpenter; Golden State -Hand; Congrega
tional Cad^t*-. Oakland; Calvary Reserve
Corps, San Francit-co, Captain H. F. Hobsoa;
Alameda Hospital Corps*. Captain John Camp
bell; Cadeu. Children s Home, C V. Brere
lon. drillmaster; Citizens 1 Alliance float; car
riage* containing guests.
Carriage containing Julius Kahn orator of
the day; Warren Olney. Kev. Thomas Boyer.
A. Jonus. chairman reception committee.
Other <-arn*xei. — Board of Supervisors, Oak
land City Council. Alameda City Truftees
Kmerjville Trustees, Board of Health, directors
Merthants' Exchange, literary committee, re
ception committee.
Third division— Marshal, Craigie Sharp;
«idE— Dr. M. L. Green. A. H. l'aterson. A. D.
McKlnnon. H. H. Zelmer: Troop A Cavalry,
tecond Brigade. K. Q. C. Captain Charles
Jansen commanding; Fifth Regiment Band;
tecond Battalion. Fifth Infantry N G C;
Company a. Captain E. G. Hunt: Company
*. Captain George H Wetheron; Company G
Capuua G. W. Gilkurly; Company A Veteran
Reserve*. X. G. C. Captain C. K. King com
mending.
MILITIA IX LIXE.
Second division— Marshal. J. J. Xaeglt;
•.ids— J. W. Mathewg. A. U Hamilton. Jt. K.
Wixson. V. VVilliB Sharp: band. United Slates
gav*I Training Station; battalion. Mare Inland
Navy Yard. Lieutenant Murlin c^mmar.diiiK;
on« company United States marine?. Mare Is
land Station; one company Muejacketts
i.nit*d States fhij» Uoston: one company blue
jackets. Unitf-d States ehip Independence; bat
talion from Naval Training Station. Lieutenant
A. J. Hepburn commanding; Assistant Surgt-on
A. E. .Peck, staff surgeon; adjutant C. Q. M.,
J-. Hinderlet; thief petty ofttccr. I) J. Sutton:
one company Vnited State, marines- ; three
companies United States naval apprentices;
Hospital CVtm.
I'ncle Sam; "Spirit cf 'TC; advance; S. C.
Hodckina, Chief ot Police, commanding; niount
td i-olice; ; '.;¦.: .. n of |>o!iee in charge of Car
tain \V. J. P^urser.: Hag If Lmim Corps: Grand
MarshsJ II. N. Gard; Chief of Staff George W.
Arper; Chief Aid George II. Mason.
Aid* to grand Marshal— A. D. Kateley, C. F.
Carl. G. Angtli. F. Josejjhs, P. liertola, Jamn
Pisttnti, J. T. Reynold*, Samuel K. Love,
Thomas Pearson. E. C Johnson, C. A Gard.
Charles l'mjh. J. T. Hempttc&d, P. J. Keller,
M. Schneider. D. J. Mullens
First division— Marshal. O. G. Hostler; aids,
— Emil Frit*<?h, Or. W. J. Smyth. P. H. n«s
enhetm. A. L. Kress; Twenty-eighth I'nited
Mates Infantry, regiment band; battalion oi
United State* Infantry. Twrnty-eijthth Uegi
mtnt, Captain J. J. O'Crmnell commanding;
*>ne batttry felted States Li^ht Artillery,
mounted «six suns). Captain Ber.r.ett cornmand
in«.
Following is the order of parade
From Stcond street and Unjadmay to Foventh
etn-et. to Washitietcn street, to Broiidway, to
J-'ourteenth rtrcet, to San Pablo av.nue, to
Twentieth etre*t. to Uroadway. to Seventh
•tre*t; countermarch on Broadway to Durant
t.tre*t. The revicwlr.c stand will be on th."
*-ast eide ot Broadway, between Fifteenth and
Seventeenth etrtct*.
Details for the Fourth of July cele
bration cover a parade in the morning,
literary exercises at the Macdonough
Theater at noon, firing of the national
salute at noon, followed by a luncheon
to visiting soldiers, sailors and
marines at Lake Merritt, afternoon re
gatta on Lake Merritt and fireworks
and band concerts In the evening. The
last two numbers will take place at
Fifteenth street and Broadway and at
the City Hall Park.
The parade will move at 10:05 o'clock
a. m. from Second street and Broad
way, headed by Grand Marshal H. X.
(Hard. The line of march follows:
LINE OF MARCH.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 3.
The exercises at the Macdonough
Theater will take place as soon as the
parade hag been dismissed. The pro
gramme follows:
TU-rrarks Mayor Warren Olney
Invocation Rev. Thomas A. lioy*-r
Music By the Band
Exercise in Manual of Arms
Regular Army Soliliera from the Presidio
Quartet. '"My Own United States" Edwards
. Oakland Masonic Quartet — Alfred
Wllkie, D. M. Lawrence, H. \V. Pat
rick, William Nielsen.
Recitation. "The Great Commoner, Abra
ham Lincoln" Edwin Markham
Miss Ethel Cook.
Vocal solo '•Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground" ' Kittredge
Mis* Susie Gladding.
Declaration of lndex>endenci:
Miss Ethel A. Coplin.
Quartet. "The Man Behind the Gun". ..Corliss
Oakland Masonic Quartet.
Oration... Hon. Julius Kahn of fan Franclico
Vocal ao'.o, "The Kadetl Coat of Blue"....
McNaughton
Miss Susie Gladding.
"America" By the Audience, standing,
Lrd by Masonic Quartet.
The Lake Merritt regatta will begin
at 2 o'clock, under direction of the Pa
cific Athletic Association.
and members of local and visiting lodges of
the V. P. K. cv
3Iiicli Property Purchased
hy Homeseekers During
the Month Just Passed
Nation's ' Anniversary Fur
nishes a Theme for Num
: ber of Pulpit Addresses
Dr. .Svante A. Arrkeiiiiis
Applies Serum to Con
quer Human Diseases
Marching Men to Open To -Day's Celebration
With Great Display— Programme Includes Ora
tory, Regatta, Band Concerts and Fireworks
INVESTORS BUY
OAKLAND REALTY
CALLS SCIENCE
TO CURE ILLS
NATION'S BRAVE WARRIORS
WILL PARADE AT OAKLAND
FOURTH WILL
BE GALA DAY
AT PALO ALTO
GIVE SERMONS
ON PATRIOTISM
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, MONDAY, JULY 4 ? 19(>4.
OFFICIALS WHO WILL DIRECT
THE PATRIOTIC EXERCISES AT
PALO ALTO.
Sailed.
- ASTORIA. ' July 4. -~ Sailed July -3 — Stmr
Alliance. «tmr Aberdeen, scbr Virginian. -
OAKLAND. July 3.— An unknown
blind man was struck by a San Pablo
avenue car this evening at the corner
of Thirty-first street and. • instantly
killed. The man became confused on
the track and the motorman, thinking
that he could see, did not check his
car in time. The man was about 45
years of age and was dressed in
new clothing from head to foot. The
only clew to his identity was the* name
"Craig" written on each cuff.
Blind Man Killed by Train.
S|)cclal Programme at Idora Park.
OAKLAND, July 3.— The manage
ment of Idora Park has arranged a
special Fourth of July programme for
to-morrow afternoon and evening. It
will include, besides the regular enter
tainment in the theater, an open-air
concert by the Boys'.,Milltary Band of
the Paciac Hebrew Orphan Asylum,
San Francisco, and a grand display of
fireworks in the t evening.
4
OAKLAND.
10*4 Broadway.
Telephone 3 lain 10 S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11»
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alamejaa oow.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
This splendid premium win
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Out of town
orders 23 cents additional to
cover' prepayment of transporta-
tion charges. n > ¦ ;;
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on Acyust
SO. 1004, and all readers of this,
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im.
mediately. ¦
COOK BOOK OFFEK TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.Baron's Removal Sale
To-morrow,' 10 a. m., , will commence.
Baron's • late removal % sale— not one gar
ment ..will go '.to the new store, 115
Geary. ; The entire stock- of' $35,000 will
be sold at less than cost. Baron's Cloak
and Suit House, 762 Market street.
Israel Goldberg. 40 Wheat street,
reported to the police yesterday that
shortly after midnight Saturday morn
ingrhe'discovered smoke coming from
the basement of- his house. He made
an investigation and found that some
one had poured coal : oil on ' the : mud
sill and after throwing some rubbish
on top of the coal oil had set it on fire.
He extinguished the blaze. He could
not 'understand why, any, one, should
want to burn down his jhouse. v Fire
Marshal Towe has been notified.
Incendiary nt Work.
Mrs. H. H. Hart and family are
spending the summer their country
home, Hart's Farm. Ben Lomond.
Among 1 their guests are the Misses Ju
dith and Irma Sherek, Clara Rosen
thai, Edna Wolf, Ray and Ruby Man
assi, Viola. Bunzl. Mrs. FItzgibbon.
Raoul Greenberpr. Louis Basch. John
Neuenburg, Andrew Neuenberg, Nor
man Eisner.
Miss Theresa C. . Fredericks, Miss
Hilda Block. Miss Emma Rhorbacher
anlf Mrs. "Wilhelmina Homeyer are vis
iting at the Big Trees.
Dr. Malvine Judell and Miss Judefl
have returned from Arizona.
Mrs. Isidore Jonas and children, ac
companied by Miss Rose Keene, are
sojourning at Vacaville during tfc-J
month of July.
ing his vacation at Skagga Springs.
Mrs. Prendergast and her daughter.
Rose, are spending their vacation in
El Verano.
PERSONALS.-' \
A. Aronson and family and Miss
Gladys Aronson. Leo Alexander and
Michael Alexander will spend a week
at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Cl Sulsberg and daughter, Lil
lian, are spending their summer va
cation with her daughter, Mrs. J. H.
Crow, at her summer home, Mirador
Cottage, Camp Meeker, Sonoma
County.
Miss Juliet A. Hayman of 266 Fourth
avenue will leave next Tuesday for a
,trip through Oregon, "Washington and
British Columbia. After a month's so
journ in Seattle, where she will visit
relatives, she will go to Portland and
other neighboring points of interest
jind expects to be absent five or six
weeks.
Julius Vogelsdorff is visiting Mr. and
Mrs. Max Herzog of San Rafael.
. Mrs. M. • Miriam . Herzog and her two
children from , San Bernardino are
spending the summer with her par
ents in San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Max A. Herzog of San
Rafael, Mr. and Mrs. Moses T. Llch
tensteln of San, Francisco and Mrs.
Charles Goldstein of I San Francisco
have left for a three weeks' trip to the
Geysers.
Mrs. J. H. Benedict Jr. and her
daughter. Miss S. Zlrrerey, have re
turned from Highland Springs, where
they spent the months of May and
June. They leave next week for Lake
Tahoe and will return the* -end of
August.
C. G. Minifie, wife and daughter are
spending the summer at Ballarda Lake,
Sonoma Countyl - .
i Professor Samuel Adelsteln is spend-
REDDING, July • 3. — A fire that
started from an unknown cause at
2:30 o'clock this afternoon in the base
ment of either the Redding drug and
book store basement or the Bergh
Furniture Company's store, caused a
loss approximated at $36,000, with an
Insurance of $20,000. The stores men
tioned were elbsed when the fire was
discovered. -. It had such headway that
the firemen did good work in confin
ing it to a - limited territory. The
losers are the Bergh Estate Company
on building. $8000; C. C. Bush, dam
age to building, $2000; R. P. Dinni
gan, saloon stock, 52500: Eergh Furni
ture Company, stock, $2."00; Redding
drug; and-book store, stocky $15,000;
Redding Harness Company, . -stock,
$5000, and the James Young Hard
ware Company, partial loss of stock,
$1000. . ' .
Several > Stores Are Bnmed and the
Loss Is Estimated at
$3«,000. ; t V
FIRE CAUSES HEAVY
.DAMAGE IX REDDIXG
- Raffle— James ! H. " Smith (chairman), P. j.
Buckley, H. M. Locke, iD.J. Hallahan. T. M.
McCarty, John A. • O'Connell, : C. ¦ A. •; Brlttan,
James Haedrlch. -'.i&S&*&Batti&tiktm&ezitt*x*
¦ Floor— Joseph Splller. L. Strasser. C. Kehoe,
Steve J.' Sullivan. J.VJ.' Barnett. Charles •Nell,
T. Maborey. - J. Bennett, G. Sawtelle, W. H.
Smith; -H: Simpson,..!!. J. -Whelan, i R. ' M.
Roche, ¦ T. . F. Mclntyre." H. F. f Logan," C. • B.
Foster. ' • . ' ¦
Floor manaser — James I. Donohue. ' Assist
ant floor managers — T 1 . . I*. McKeever, K H
Srlnk. . '
Games — P. J. "Whelan (chairman), Tv M.
McCarty, Charles Bsvon, Chnrles Fontaine, L.
H. Colen.AV. Thelan. E. J. Jarrat, Ray Ix>cke,
Charles Toinpklns, C. Hemenway, F. Newlon,
George Sterling, John Sullivan, D. Cameron,
H. R. Hoffman. F. Fahrenholz, F. E. Burger,
\V. ' Beeir*r. ! - •. ¦• • ¦•
¦ The members of the San Francisco
Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Associa
tion' and hundreds of their friends
visited Shell Mound Park yesterday.
Although the day was far from being
an ideal one for a picnic the servants
of Uncle Sam and their friends en
joyed themselves to the utmost.
Dancing, in the pavilion," outdoor
games and athletic sports and re
unions of friends filled in the time.
The events that attracted most at
tention were the races between em
ployes of the various branches of the
service. They resulted as follows:
Postofllce clerks — A. Liebscher first,
T. J. Glllespie second. Clerks and
carriers — C. Bevan first, Ray Locke
second. Carriers — Harry McCarthy
first, G. Weisel second. Special deliv
ery boys — Joe Flatley first, Victor
Sabietzki second.
The '¦ committees In charge were
made up as follows:
Arrangements— H. if. Locke fchalrman),
J. C. Murphy (secretary)? Harry I.»*nn (treas
urer), T. . M. Mccarty. P. \W Nunan, . I 3 -J.
Buckley, T. I-.. McKeever, F. ,H. Spink, P. J.
Whelan, G. H. Richards, James II. Smith, D.
J. Hallahan. James M. liaeJrlch; John A.
O'Connell, C. '.A. Urittan, K. M. Campbell, E
K. -Ilealey.
PleasnntlyJU Shell Mound Park.
Employes of Uncle Sam Spend the Day
CARRIERS MAKE 31ERRY.
Mrs. T. Morrin chose for her read
ing "A Sketch of the Japanese Peo
ple," Mrs. C. Rogers "A Story of the
Menonites" and Mrs. E. McEwen "A
Character Sketch of Fredrick the
Great." Dainty refreshments were
then nerved and conversation indulged
in. Those present were Mrs.- Arml
tage. Mrs. Bogart, Mrs. Brown, Mrs.
Bruker. Mrs. Hey, Mrs. Kemp, Mrs.
Laumeister. Mrs.. Macdonald, *" Mrs.
Moore. Mrs. Morrin. Miss Morrin,
Mrs. McEwen, Mrs. Rogers and Mrs.
Vreeland, ..
Mrs. J. S. Bo^art of 2214 Hyde
street entertained the Mission Literary
Club on Thursday, June 23. The nf
ternoon was given to readings en
tirely, as many members are away in
the country.
A dream? All reforms are dreams
in their inciplency. Some are even
nightmares, but they materialize if
builded upon truth and sanity.
day to discourage the use of fireworks
— particularly the dangerous type —
we may beget a sane generation a
century hence that will honor the
birth of our nation in a sane man
ner, picnicking, singing national an
thems, .displaying from the housetops
the stars and stripes, holding patri
otic entertainments in every school
house in th? land. In which the chil
dren would be the participants — these
things would inculcate a sane quality
of patriotism and the boys and girls
would have as merry a Fourth as do
the urchins to-day with their distorted
ideas. «
Let us strive to help the California
Club in the beginning of its campaign
against self-murder in the name of
our nation. By the education of pub
lic sentiment alone can a movement
of this kind, that subverts the pre
conceived notions of our childhood,
be carried forth. Think, men and
women, of the oaln and destruction
that the day will bring forth and
answer, without preconceived preju
dice; is it worth while? Is it com
patible -with the dignity of our nation
or our intelligence as twentieth cen
tury citizens? And in answering,
eliminate the element of depriving
our children of their Fourth of July
fun — let us substitute sane fun. and
fun that will not turn into a shriek, a
moan and a blackened stump-rand
fun that will not lay waste the homes
of our children. .
And as to the other side of the
question, the sport that the small boy
gets out of his fireworks, it is all a
matter of education. If we begin to-
dollars' worth of property destroyed,
homes and industries lapped up by
tongues of flame, fields and forests left
a blackened waste, lives imperiled in
the fighting of fires, and the lives and
parts of lives that will go out through
the "didn't-know-it-was-loaded" bombs
and guns, not to mention the shatter
ing of the nerves of the sick— all these
disasters because we, as a nation,
haven't stupped long enough to think
how absurd it all is— either that, or
we haven't had the courage to cry out
against such an abnormal and ridicu
lous custom that entails such suffering
and such losses.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 3. — Deputy
Marshal George Leekly arrived yester
day on the Garonne with a number of
prisoners from Nome, among them
was Mrs. A. Schichanowski, insane.
It is said that Mrs. , Schichanowski
is closely related to German and Po
lish nobility. She went to Council City
in 1900 and opened a millinery store.
Solitude, it is said, developed insanity.
SOLITUDE IX XORTII J ,
DRIVES WOJIAX IXSAXE
HOME OF SIERRA CLUB.
The building cost $5000, the greater
part of which was subscribed by. mem-
The lodge is located at the upper
end of the valley, Immediately under
Glacier Point. 3200 feet above and close
beside the old Indian "ledge" trail to
that summit.- It faces the Royal
Arches, North Dome. and Half Dome
and looks up Toneiya Canyon to
Cloud's Rest, Professor Le Conte's fa
vorite view in the valley. The lodge is
constructed on a unique' design, , ac
cording to the plans of Architect John
White. It has one large room, 25 by 36
feet, with a large open stone fireplace
tt one end and two smaller rooms
flanking the entrance opposite the fire
placel These are set obliquely in the
main wall, their sides with the broad
front stone steps forming a raised peb
ble-paved court before the door. /The
roof is steep to shed the winter snow
and its supporting rafters are aged to
correspond with the gray granite wall3.
The entire building is made of rough
hewn granite, quarried out near the
spot, the weathered surfaces* as far as
possible having been built In the > walls
facing the outside. -All the ;" wooden
rafters and finish had to be brought a
distance of fifty miles over the moun
tain trails. The interior features are
the Immense stone fireplace; the low
ered window-seat alcove before it, its
sides lined with book shelves, and the
center, table, a massive block of wood
five Inches thick, 4 by 15 feet, and sup
ported on" two sawed sections of a
large yellow pine. Everything is rustic
and appropriate in. design and built to
last, with the valley walls * towering
above It. ' .'• ¦ : V
YOSEMITE, July 3 —The Le Conte
memorial was formally dedicated this
morning under the auspices of the Si
erra Club. There were about 200 per
sons present at the ceremony. Secre
tary William E. Colby of San Fran
cisco presided. The Invocation was
given by Rev. C. T. Brown of San Di
ego. Willoughby Rpdman of Los An
geles read an original poem and sang
a tribute song entitled "The Song of
the Sierras" to the air of "Hiawatha."
Speeches were delivered by Alexander
G. Eells of San Francisco and G. P.
Gilbert of Washington, D. C. - Andrew
P. Lawson, as chairman of the com
mittee, rendered the dedication speech.
Miss Harriet Monroe, who composed the
Columbia ode for the St. Louis Fair
this year, read a quatrain inspired by
the event and day.
The Le Conte memorial lodge orig
inated in the suggestion of members
of the Sierra Club and the committee
appointed to consider ways and means
to provide the memorial consisted of
Professor William R. Dudley, Profes
sor A. C. Lawson. Dr. Edward R. Tay
lor, Elliott McAllister and William E.
Colby. The death of Professor Le
Conte in Yosemite Valley In July, 1902,
and his active and useful life suggested
the character and position of the me
morial. It was determined, instead
of the usual conventional shaft and In
scription, to erect something that
would be of aid and cheer to the thou
sands of mountain lovers who annually
visit the Yosemite. The lodge stands
on Professor Le Conte's favorite spot
in lhe valley and within a' hundred
yards of the place where he died.
TTiough formally opened and dedi
cated to-day, the lodge has been acces
sible all seaso- Robert L. McWill
iams, a recent gradtntp of the Univer
sity of California, and every way quali
fied for the task, will have charge of
the lodge during the summer. Books,
guides, . and maps of the high Sierras
have been placed there, and the custo
dian will give Information to parties
wishing to make more extended trips
from Yosemite into the higher Sierras.
The lodge is v entirely free to all visitors
in the valley, and copies of the daily
papera and the magazines will be kept
on file for their use. ..
LODGE PRETTILY SITUATED.
Dr. Le Conte's membership In the
club dates from its organization. In
1SS2, and he had always been a loyal
and enthusiastic friend to the club's
endeavors. His knowledge of the high
Sif-rras was probably more extensive
tban that of any other man In Califor
nia and his own work had contributed
aa much as {hat of any other In mak
ing "The Range of Light" known to
the people and the scientific world. His
first visit to the Yosemite Valley oc
curred in 1871 and he met his death
peacefully there on July 6, 1901.
The Lodge will be the permanent
headquarters of the Sierra Club in the
mountains and it Is the intention grad
ually to collect a complete set of maps
of the whole range, a library of all
books relating to the mountains of Cal
ifornia and records of explorations by
members and other mountaineers
among unknown and usually Inaccessi
ble peaks. Mr. John White, the arch
itect donated his services and the
plans of the structure and the Board
of Yosemite Commissioners, with Mr.
Stevens, the guardian, co-operated ef
ficiently in the work.
Mr. McAllister— Dear Sir: I send through
my son twenty-eight nuggets given to Dr. Le
Conte en the occasion of h!^ golden wedding
by. several of his old pupils in South Africa.
I know that with me they will feel that no
better u«e could be made of them than con
tributing in aid of the Sierra Club Yo^emite
building, and I. take this occasion of ex
pressing through you to the members of the
Sierra Club, and to btneni Interested, my sin
cere thanks for the loving thought whloh ded
icated the building to the memory of my hus
band. Yours truly,
(Signed)
CAROLINE ELIZABETH I.E CONTE.
bers of the Sierra- Club, ' but other
friends of Dr. Le Conte, members of
the faculty, student body and alumni
of the University of California, mem
bers of the. Stanford University faculty,
prominent men in San Francisco and
throughout the State also contributed.
The way the last 5200 was given is es
pecially interesting and is explained
in the following letter:
BERKELEY. October 10.
Monument to. Jhe Great Geologist
Formally Commended.
VIEWS OP THE HANDSOME STRUCTURE WHICH HAS BEEN ERECTED IN
YOSEMITE VALLEY THROUGH THE INSTRUMENTALITY OF THE SIERRA
CLUB AS A MONUMENT TO THE WORLD FAMOUS SCIENTIST
When last seen he was rowing out
into Lake Superior in a small skiff.
A few days afterward some fishermen
discovered the upturned craft, with a
mackintosh and a pair of gioves which
were identified as being Brown's. Be
fore his disappearance Brown had
taken out insurance on his life for
SiKMX) and Mrs. Brown, believing her
husband dead, put in a claim. The
company was not satisfied until this
week that the man was really dead,
and then wrote Mrs. Brown stating
that on July la the check for the full
amount would be forthcoming.
DULUTH, Minn.. July 3.— Mofcrned
as dead for six years, Joseph W.
Brown, well known in marine circles at
the head of the Lakes years ago, is
alive and well at Seattle, from which
place he has written- to his wife ask
ing her forgiveness and asking her to
come to him.
SANTA ROSA, July 3.— The closing
session of the seventeenth annual con
vention of the Christian Endeavor Un
ion of the State of California was held
here this evening. The consecration
service was the Qnale to a five days*
session of spirited work.
At 7 o'clock this morning there was
a sunrise prayer and praise service
meeting, led by Rev. W. C. Sherman
of Sacramento. Evangelistic services
occurred at intervals during the day
at various places, but were so ar
ranged as not to interfere with the reg
ular hours of worship in tfie churches.
The. delegates attended Sunday-school
and church, and then went to the
appointed places of the evangelistic
meetings. These services were held at
the Salvation Army hall, in Chinatown,
before • the courthouse, at the County
hospital, at the county Jail, California
Northwestern ¦ depot. Grand Hotel,
Methodist Episcopal Church South,
and other places.
The afternoon was devoted to ser
vices at the Athenaeum for the En
deavorers, and at the Presbyterian
Church for the juniors. The junior
superintendent, Miss Amelia Kuhlitz of
Watsonville, conducted the latter ser
vice. Many hundreds of children at
tended. Dr. D. P. Anderson had charge
of the praise .service at the Athenaeum,
and Ed McKbilay of Dimoml conduct
ed the devltional exercises. . Rev.
E. H. Hadlock and Rev. Dwight E.
Potter made the addresses of the after
noon. The musical numbers, aside
from the choral singing, was by Miss
Alice G. McMillin and Miss Gertrude
Freitag.
This afternoon several hundred En
deavorers marched down Fourth street
to the California Northwestern depot
singing "I Love to Tell the Story."
To-night at the Athenaeum the clos
ing session began at 6:30 o'clock, and
did not terminate until after 10 o'clock.
Then the delegates began their final
leave-takings. The first of the even
ing's exercises was the convention love
feast, followed by a solo by Miss Alice
G. McMillin of San Jose. When the
roll-call of the various city and county
delegations was called they arose and
responded with testimony, song and
scripture. .
The address of the evening session
was on "The Masteries of Life," by
Rev. A. C. Smlther of Los Angeles.
Following: (fame the closing consecra
tion service. In this the members
pledged their loyalty anew to the Chris
tian Endeavor work, and gave rally
ing songs. The convention is conceded
on all sides to be one of the best ever
held by the union.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Successful Convention at
Santa Eosa Is Closed and
Delegates Start Homeward
Manner Who Disappeared
Six Years Ago Writes to
His Spouse From Seattle
ENDEAVORERS
FINISH WORK
SUPPOSED DEAD
MAN IS ALIVE
Mr. and Mrs. Katzer entertained de
lightfully a number of friends and vis
itors from San Francisco, Saturday
evening, June 25, at their home in Mis
sion San Jose. A clever entertain
ment was given b" Miss E. Lieman,
Master Frank Katzer and Master
William Donovan, after which supper
was served. The table was decorated
with the national colQrs. and the
grounds were hung with Chinese lan
terns and American flags. After sup
per dancing was enjoyed. Those pres
ent were Mr. and .Mrs. Katzer, Mrs.
Burke, Mrs. Lieman, Mrs. J. J. Dono
van of San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs.
LowrJe, Mr. and Mrs. Rogers, Mr. and
Mrs. Martin. /
D. Martin entertained a number of
friends at his bachelor quarters at tlje
Levy place in South San Francisco on
the evening of the 24th inst. Among
those present were the following: Mr.
and Mrs. Grant S. Pyle, Mr. and Mrs.
Fred L. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Hi Peterson, Mr. and Mrs. Bernard J.
Horn, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Fallon,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Levy, Mr. and
Mrs. Jesse Mathers, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Leverone, Mr. and Mrs. Theo
Moiles of Crockett, Mrs. Sanchez of
Hollister. Misses Geneva B. Williams,
Margaret I*. Williams, Emma West
phal.-Rose M. Gallagher, Edna Pendle
ton, Emma L. Wedemeyer, Annie
Crummey, Lillie Timby, Nellie Moiles.
Pauline Pyle. Xellie M. Reilly and
Annie M. Lagrave; D. Martin, Thomas
Horn. Ralph Pyle, Frank Lagrave,
Wiliam Moffatt, Ralph Meyers, Roy
Pyle, Joseph Westphal. Samuel
Weeks, Charles Westphal. Harry Ren
ton, Thomas O'Day, Earle Moiles.
A delightful birthday party was
given in honor of Miss Carrie Cohn
by her brothers, Henry and Bennie
D. Cohn, at their residence, 443 Na
toma street. Those present were:
David Cohn, S. Weinberg, Miss Rosie
Hirsch, Miss B. Weinberg, Miss Carrie
Cohn, B. D. Cohn, Miss Esther Alt
man, Miss Bessie Blackfield. Henry
Cohn, Morris Kutzman, Mrs. C. Bloom,
Miss Annie Hirsch, Morris Engehnan,
Ben Weitz, Miss Hazel Isaacs, Albert
Rubenstein, Miss Fannie Blackfield,
Max Weinberg and Miss Adela Reiss
berg.
The friends of Mrs. M. Nation gar«
her a surprise party on the evening of
the 25th inst. at her residence, 1300
Sanchez street. A fine musical pro
gramme was presented, after which
refreshments were sprved. Those
present were: Mrs. M. Nation, Mrs. J.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. C. Charles. Mrs.
Hewilke, Mrs. C. Broderick, Mrs.
Stillwell, Mrs. Nay, Mrs. J. Ludwig,
Mrs. Charles Flick, Mrs. Z. Darker,
Mrs. Guenzel, Mrs. R. Gostry, / •«. A.
Pepper, Mrs. J. Kunlgk, the
Clara Ludwig, May Hickey. Little
Dempsy, Ellle and Mary Fitzgerald.
Hazel . Brusi. Lizzie Mantel. Hazel
Charles, Kittle and Bessie Hickey,
Nelly Griffin, Grace Broderick, Evaline
Gastry and Alice Carey.
A pleasant party was given to Miss
Annie Wellmann Saturday evening,
June 26, at her home, 309 Chestnut
street. Those 'present were Ethel
Davies, Helen Jacobson of Haywards.
Sophie Weber of Sonoma, May Leavy,
Belle Rodden, Elsie Wellmann, Clara
Wellmann, Ella Reimers, Edith Burns,
Alice Burns, Clara Apted, Mrs. Nelson,
Roy Dale, Ralph Hoffman, Rae Hoff
man, Willie Golling. Henry Thorup,
Julius Umhalt, Albert Umhalt, John
McCormack, Charles Nedderson.
Henry Wellmann, Oscar Burns and
Mr. Quant.
HO3IE PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Carillon held
a wedding reception "Wednesday even
ing, June 15, at their residence, 4075
Seventeenth street, in celebration of the
marriage of their daughter Clara to
Julius Levy. The house was decorated
with sweet peas and evergreens. Only
intimate friends and relatives were in
vited. After the reception a supper was
served, which was followed by a dance.
The bride and groom received many re
membrances from friends.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Oppenheimer an
nounce the marriage of their daughter
Pearl to Harold W. Jacobs. Owing to
recent bereavement in the family of the
groom the ceremony will be quiet, and
will take place at the residence of the
bride's parents at noon on Sunday,
July 10.
Miss Addle Morris and Camilla Pau-
Jol, both of this city, were quietly mar
ried in San Rafael June 28 by Rev. A.
E. Ulrich. The young people are now
at their new home, 1447 Sanchez street.
A very pretty wedding was solem
nized at San Leandro Wednesday last,
when Edgar P. Figel was wedded to
Miss Hattie Godchaux. The marriage
took place at the home of the bride's
father. Prosper Godchaux. The happy
couple stood under a beautiful floral
bell in a rustic arbor. After the cere
mony the guests, to the number of a
hundred, sat down to a merry supper.
WEDDINGS. *-
Miss Florence Lynch announces the
engagement of her niece. Miss Florence
Louisa Lyons, to Alfred Daniel La
MotteJ f^V^rs.'
ENGAGEMENTS.
If the clever women of the civic sec
tion of the California Club could but
conjure up all the Juvenile digits that
have been "blowed off" by the dia
bolical toy pistol during the last dec
ade and could focus the raggedy first
jingers upon him whose business it
is to suppress it, he might get busy
to enforce the law!
Think of the hundreds of blackened
stumps, the disabled Implements of
toil that are thrust under the noses of
the hospital surgeons for mending
each year on our nation's birthday!
Tht-se thumbs that are blown aft are
jjeeded in the world's work, especially
u It's usually a son of toil who gets
en closest terms with the toy pistol.
The lad who can best afford to part
with a finger or two is not the chap
Who loses it, as papa, or mamma or
r.unty stands nigh to protect him.
It's the little tyke who^e o'er
burdened mother and tired father
p.re too busy — or too indiffer
ent — to watch him and warn
him of his .toy, and bang! — a scream:
the blood spurts, and the burned and
blackened flesh tells the tale. Of
course, he is only a little tyke — he suf
fers his pain like a hero, as becomes
his class, while the surgeon dresses
the wound, and he goes home for a
pcolding and to look out on the valley
of life a cripple. Poor little chap! It
is such as he who needs both his hands,
end they, too. equipped with the full
allotment of digits, to scratch his way
through the world.
One of the remarkable phases of the
mental attitude of the poor is their
indifference to imminent dangers — of
v- hich the fiendish tov pistol and its
«<>-dev:I, the blank cartridge, are ex
it mples. It is much the same mental
oblivion that permits young children
to play In the streets, run on errands
across car tracks, and do the various
":-tunts" that almost daily land some
| nor little tyk^ in the morgue — or in
finitely worse, a cripple in a hospital.
Now, the State stands in the atti
tude of protector to the delinquent, the
<! fectlve ar.d the dependent. It is in
ihis capacity that the Government
should protect the babes from the
• iiabolism of firearms in whatever form
they come — the toy pistol the special
object of elimination. When the women
<-r the civic section of the California
<'Iub began to hunt round for some
intihod of stopping this annual crip
j.le-fest, they lit upon a law long since
t rented but apparently wrapt in mum
my c!oths= and laid away.
The statute was* hauled out, dusted.
Bet ur on its feet, and proved to be
quite a pood-looking law, strong and
forceful in its language, and just the
thins the ladies were hunting for, "for
biddiner the sale of toy pistols to min
ors" — wasn't that r!»ar enough?
The next stt?3 was to have the
muchly-sought-for law enforced. Now,
this is where the trouble came. The
«*iiief of Police, handsome and debon
air, prallantlv sidestepped the proposi
tion, saying that all the stores in town
y.ere selling the play pistols under their
iicr-nse to sell fireworks, and U would
be impossible for him to do anything
in the matter as it stands..
"Cut perhaps the Health Office
would help us," said the chairman of
the delegation, blithely, "because you
know every 'case' makes work for the
doctors in the Emergency Hospital, and
it carries no fees— not since the ad
ministration got virtuous, you know,
so perhaps the doctors at the City Hall
would help." Here, too, the good
lcxikins Health Officer met the ladies,
Btnfled a witching smile, and declared
ft was not exactly in his line to en
force laws such as that, much as he
would like to, don't you know.
So here we are on the morn of the
p!'.:k'us Fourth calmly awaiting the
dr-eds of jhe day. Count your fingers,
little l^.ds. before you go out this morn
ing, you mightn't have them all to
night- And in case you dcr lose one
or two, or even a piece of one. hurry
v\\ qusk to a doctor, so he can patch
t irp. Many a little iad wer.t*to Davy
Jones' locker because he tied a hand
k-rohief— and a Tourth of July hanky
lpri't alvrays clean— around the little
his k hole and kept his sorrow to him
s:]f. jr.d he couldn't o**?n his little
Jnvs next day to let in his breakfast.
/.n<J th° r.ext day he didn't need any.
Jf he did. he ate angel's food, while
h* ftax?ped. his wings.
Now. the earnest efforts of the
v • -;»r. of the California Club will no
doubt be ridiculed by the Cheerful
Idiot, v ho has set off firecrackers all
hit- !ife without danger to Himself, and
who believes that the action of these
v.omen threatens the very foundation
of the Government by killing off
patriotism:
Is it not time that America has
evolved from the barbaric practice of
measuring her love of country by the
nroount of gunpowder she lets* loose an
the Fourth? Does it inculcate pride
<>f nation, love of her heroes, exalta
tion nf patriotic principles?
The millions of dollars that will go
up to-day and to-night in fireworks
Will l^aVp On ihp mnrrnw (hnnconH. n*
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
He who had the price— and Incident
ally the time — fled tha bomb-stricken
city for the perilous period of the na
tion's birthday. Alas! alas! When will
the American sire teach his son that
firecrackers and patriotism are not
synonymous? However, the small boy's
villainies contribute to the transporta
tion companies' prosperity, for the peo
ple poured out of town in battalions by
boat and train. Lucky people!
LECONTE MEMORIAL LODGE IN YOSEMITE VALLEY
IS IMPRESSIVELY DEDICATED BY THE SIERRA CLUB
BEWARE OF TOY
PISTOLS SAY
CLUBWOMEN
SOCIETY TAKES
TO THE WOODS
FOR FOURTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO • GALL,- MONDAY, JULY 4, 1904.
5
POSTUM CEHEAL.
TWO STEPS.
Tlir Last One Helps the First.
A Eick coffee drinker must take two \
Fteps to be rid oi his troubles and get '
Btrozur and well again.
The first is to cut off coffee abso- \
lately. That removrs the destroying!
element.
The next step is to take liquid food!
fand that is Postum Food Coffee) that |
has in it the elements nature requires i
to change the blood corpuscles from '
pale pink or white to rich red, and good !
red blood builds good, strong and
healthy ce!!s in place of the broken-
down cells destroyed by coffee. With
well-boiled Pcstum Food Coffee to shift •
to, both these steps are ea.«y and pleas- j
ant_ The experience of a Georgian !
proves how important both are: ;
•'Frcm 1872 to the year 1900 my wife
and I had both been afflicted with sick I
or nervous headache, and at times we j
suffered untold agony. We were coffee
drinkers and did not know how to get
away from it. for the habit is hard to
quit.
"But in 1900 I read of a case similar
to ours where Postum Coffee was used
in place of the old coffee and a com- ]
plete cure resulted, bo I concluded to
get EOir.e and try it.
"The result was. after three days 1 use
of Postum in p!ace of the coffee I never '
had a symptom of the old trouble, and !
in five months I had gained from 145
pounds to 163 pounds..
"My friende asked me almost dally
what wrought the change. My answer j
always is, leaving off coffee and drink- I
ing Pectum in its place.
"We have many friends who have
been benefited by Postum.
"As to whether or not I have stated
the facts truthfully, I refer you to the
Bank of Carro*ton or any business firm I
in that city, where I have lived* for!
many years and am well known." Name »
Kiven by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
JMirh.
"There's a reason."
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road to WellviuV"" 1
B, KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoiniagr Call Building.
OUR LOW PRICES
BOOM OUR BUSINESS.
WE SEI.Z. SHOES OSSA7 BE-
CAUSE WE BUY CHEAP. Our
volume of business Is so great and
we buy such larse quantities that
the Shoe Factories give us special
low prices. We are satisfied with
a small profit, therefore you reap
the benefit and get good Shoes at
low prices. For a leader this
week we will place on special sale
a very nobby Vlcl Kid Oxford Tie
for ladles, made with hand-turned
soles, d?essy coin toes and patant
leather tips, dull mat kid tops and
stylish French heels. Sizes 2 v, to S.
Widths B to R WOXTK $2.00.
otra sale paics $1. 85.
BARGAINS. FOR RABIES.
-WE OFFER A BIO BASOAXET
JOS THE BABXES THIS WEEK
at a cut price sale. Infants' Fine
Quality Black and Chocolate Vlcl
Kid Button Shoes, made with
hand-turned soles. Imperial cloth
tops and neat coin toes. Not a
pair in the lot worth less than 75c.
many worth $1.00 and $1.35. Sizes
1 to 5%. "Widths C to E.
THIS WEEX AT TH2 BAU-
GAizr price :S5c
A NOBBY DRESS SHuii. j
We have Just received a fresh |
shipment of fine grade Vicl
Kid Lace Shoes for ladies, which
we place on sale at a remarkably
low price. They are made with
close extension sewed soles, full
straight foxings. modern coin toes
and patent lpather tips, fine dull
mat tops and up-to-date Cu-
ban heels. At snappy style for lit-
tle money. SALE PRICE $1.4.*;.
Sizes 2^ to 8. Widths B to KK.
NEAT EXTENSION SOLES
The neatest, dressiest and best j
wearing: values v.e have ever of- ;
fered for children and misses, j
Durable Viii Kid I>ace Shoes, j
made with extension sew«d soles, j
nice rounding toes and patent j
leather tips, circular vamps and j
full quarters; made for service
ar.d dres.'t. Widths C to E.
P2ICZS CUT 7OS THI3 WXE3C
ozn.7. .
Child's sizes, with spring heels.
6 to S 8Uc
Child's sizes, frith spring heels.
SH to 11 «(»«•
Misses? sizes, made >rth low sctuwil
heels. 11 'i fo 2 ....... -S1.1O
FOR CITY OR SEASHORE.
indies' canvas oz7obss
this; wees: at cost peice.
Made with pliable turned soles,
neat coin toes and tips and com-
fortable concave heels. We have
them in mixed sx&y. drab, pepper
and salt and the new champagne
shadeS Sizes 2VA to S. Widths B
to_ K. v OUS KSDUCED PBXCE
BJUTSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD 5T, Eaa Francisco.A school fcrr theatrical critics is to
be opened In. Paris. • The students are
to attend dress rehearsals and "write
them up for practice.'
Towns«D<J't California Glace frutta tn
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market «t."
Special Information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230Cal
ifornia .tre«C Telephone Mala 10U. •
Alligator Farms.
The French are to have an alligator
farm. Several French capitalists re
cently visited this country to purchase
a few head of stock with which to
start It. The point selected for' the
venture is somewhere In the south of
France. The French prize the alli
gator's skin so highly that the leather
dealers believe It will pay to raise the
animals directly cm home soil— or, more
properly, In home waters. If they suc
ceed It will be the first farm of its
kind in the world.
Alligator skin is daily growing rarer
and more high-priced, while the de
mand for it continues on the increase.
The French require large quantities
of it for shoes, bags, portfolios and
toilet articles. President- Ixrubet, not
long ago, received a« a gift an entire
hunting Buit made of the finest skins
obtainable. - . ' - . . . . :
PLANTAIN — Subscriber, Alameda.
Cal. The plantain or plantain tree is
one of the food products. It is one of
the most, important of the tropical
countries and one of the most valu
able of the largest of herbaceous
plants > of the natural order of
museae. It is a native of the Ea3t
Indies, where numberless varieties
have been cultivated for thousands of
years. It is now diffused over all
tropical and subtropical regions of the
globe. With "the exception of two or
three plants it would not be easy to
name in the whole vegetable kingdom
any plant applied to a greater number
of uses than the plantain. The frott
is eaten sometimes raw, though more
generally— except that of the banana
boiled or roasted, and variously pre
pared. - It Is both farinaceous and
saccharine. In most of the varieties it
has a sweetish taste; in some It^ts
mealy; in some it is sub-acid or asture.
It is as much used before being perfect
ly ripe as when It is so. In the West
Indies the plantain boiled and beaten
In a mortar is the common food" or
the nesrroes. Plantains baked in the
skin or fried in slices with butter and
powdered over with sugar are favorite
dishes in some tropicaf countries.
MARRYING — H. C. C, Selad Val
ley, Cal. When a girl attains the ase
of 18 in California she attains her ma
jority and is a sole agent. She is at
liberty to marry the man of her choice,
providing he has attained his majority,
and the parents have "no legal right
to Interfere in the matter and prevent
their daughter from living with the
man she married."
AMERICAN' FLAG — S. H. S., City.
There is at this time no law prohibit
ing the use of the American flag for
advertising purposes. One house of
Congress passed a law to that effect,
but it did not pass the other house.
At the next session of Congress a
strong effort will be made to have
such a law passed.
Self-Explanatory.
The Postmaster General is said to
have received the following succinct
and self-explanatory communication:
YAM HILL., Ark.. 190—.
Dear Sir: I take my pen In hand to
let you know that I hereby resign, for
the 'leventh and last time, the job of
postmaster at this- place. Mebby you'll
recollect that I've done resigned ten
conseckertive times before. Once it
was b'cuz the emollients of the office
was too puny for the responsibilities:
and another time it was b'cuz the fleas
was tco plenty. Upon a different occa
sion It was for the reason that an im
patient sort of feller that takes the
only Little Rock daily that comes to
this office got to shootin* at me b'cuz
he wanted his blamed paper before I
was through readin' it. Once It was
b'cuz one of them Northerners that
think they are so infernal smart wrote
a postal card to a gent hare sayin* that
the full details of that there scandal
were as follows, and then put the rest
of it in Latin or some such heathenish
language. Another time it was on ac
count of a batch of skunks rendevoozin*
under the edifice until you could almost
cut the atmasfearik disturbance with
tho flat side of a barrel stave; and
later It was b'cuz an unreasonable cuss
that wanted his mail came In through
the side of the office with an ax, when
he knowed good and well that I was
off on a turkey hunt and would be back
in two, three days; and the rest of
'em was on account of one little thing
and another that don't specially matter
at this stage of the game.
As T said before, I have done resigned
ten times already: also, the Government
wouldn't let me off on ary occasion. In
view of which I wish to remark that
it's no picnic to have a job that you
can't quit, although I am ready to own
up that I reckon the reason Is that I'm
the only gent in the community that
could read and write and at the same
time was fool enough to take the of
fice.
But, anyhow, this time I am unani
mously through fiddlin' about It, and
this here 'leventh and last resignation
of mine has got. to be accepted, let the
chips fall where they may. Along
about four o'clock this afternoon a pas
ser of our best citizens informed me in
no uncertain, tones that If I wasn't up
and gone by midnight they. 'lowed to
tar and feather ¦ and rail-ride me out
of our laiw-abidin' little city, for a small
matter that it ain't necessary for me
WHILE two of the powers of , the earth are
joined in battle in the Far East and the world
looks .eagerly on, two other big nations are'
occupied in some fighting which has much less of glamour
about.it, but which bids fair to be quite as stubborn on
a limited scale as the Russo-Japanese conflict. In the
German province of Southwest Africa Kaiser William's
forces are making but indifferent headway against naked
savages, the Hereros. Away up on the heights of the
Himalayan plateau the British Indian regulars are being
held jn check by barbarous Tibetans.
While the civilized world startles at the news of battle
ships being blown out of the water, whole companies
wiped out by the explosion of Shimose shells and towns
assailed with guns that throw masses of steel twelve
and fourtee, miles, an instructive chapter' in the art of
modern warfare is being written in African jungle
and Tibetan steppe. ¦ There this same vaunted perfection
in the science, of killing, which seems to prove its title
in such a terrible way between combatants of the civ
ilized world, makes but a lamentably weak showing.
Before the Hereros, with their savage lacking of all
semblance of military skill, the goose-step of the Ger
mans has come to an indefinite "mark time"; the
Tibetans and their leather cannons have brought Gen
eral Macdonald's Ghurkas to a fitting realization of the
task cut out for them. -\
; In each instance the punitive incursions against, bar
barous peoples have been undertaken in the face of
great natural disadvantages. In Africa the Germans
have to fight their way against the stubborn resistance
of the jungle, ignorant of the country, and a prey to all
the dread diseases of miasmatic swamp and tropic fever
ground. The Hereros are crafty as they are bloodthirsty
and have already trapped their foes again and again.
Upon the road to Lhassa the British have even a harder
row to hoc. Over passes that are as, high as 'the loftiest
Sierra, where even/' a horse trail is dangerous/ the
Tibetan expedition has had to 'drag, its ever increasing
line of communication. And the Tibetans are armed
with Russian guns; they can shoot accurately "and
swiftly. :.
Against the deadly perfection of the war game as it is
now being exhibited in the Far East these two incidents
shadow forth a circumstance somewhat anomalous.
Were England and Germany to fly at each . other's
throats cither the one or the other would inflict crush
ing defeat 'and the issue would probably be quickly de
cided. , In Africa, in Tibet, where"; the\f6rces;of their re
spective arms are ; brought to bear upon the remnants
of savagery, there is a pause; the savage will not down.
The Kite in Life Saving.
Of late the kite has emerged from
the position r.-f a 'mere toy, and has
been successfully employed for meteor
ological observations at high altitudes.
A still more recent application "of the
kite principle is as a life-saving: ap
paratus to be carried on shipboard, Its
particular duty being to establish com
munication between a stranded vessel
and the adjacent shore. It stands .to
reason that a ship in this position gen
erally has the assistance of the wind
in carrying anything shoreward, and It
would be far easier to launch a kite
under such conditions than it would
be to fire a rocket In the reverse di
rection.
The kite carries a guide rope and
contains In a pocket a set of signals
and instructions. It is also furnished
with apparatus for telephonic com
munication between the crew and their
would-be rescuers.
This life-saving kite is the Invention
of Count Brossard, who i« to be re
garded as an amateur rather than a
professional man of science. Critics of
his Quaint appliance, while admitting
its general utility, have questioned
whether telephonic communication
would be possible in a bowling tempest.
The kite is said, however, to have been
recently tested with complete success
at London and at Brest.
A LESSON IN WAR.
Zachartas Tcp?Hus was a patriot and poet
of Finland, and th» foregoing verses are from
a book of his pcpm», published under ths title
of "Heather Blossoms." in 1854. The transla
tion from the Swedish Is bv Anna Corcles.
now a resJdent of Berkeley and Is copyrighted
In her name.
Anszccrs to Queries.
TO RENEW PIANOS— G. R. E..
City. The following is given as a
means of restoring the appearance of
pianos: "Take equal proportions of
turpentine, linseed oil and vinegar,
mix; rub in well with a piece of flan
nel cloth. Then polish with a piece of
chamois skin. This treatment will en
tirely remove the dingy appearance
thaf age gives to fine woods."
THE Commercial Club of Portland, in an attempt
to give a great advertisement to Oregon, has de
vised a scheme of> cash prizes and medals to be
awarded for the best article or story written by any resi
dent of Oregon, to be published in any newspaper out
side of Oregon prior to October 1, 1904. While this
competition is open to 'all persons the school children
have been notified that they are eligible to win prizes
under the conditions provided. In other words, the
children niaj' be utilized as promoters for the benefit of
their native State.
There is enough of novelty in this idea to attract at
tention. It has a chance to work out well. There are
in every community precocious young people who have
some knack or other in a degree that is potent to sur
prise their elders. Children as competitive boomers of
Oregon will be assisted by all their competent relatives
to give good account of themselves.. Every one re
members the wonderful boy, Thomas Chatterton, as a
literary landmark and more than nine days' wonder.
Mendelssohn wrote fine music when he was a mere lad;
so did Mozart; and at a tender age Zerah Colburn, math
ematically inclined, performed wonderful mental feats.
History is full of mention of youngsters whose fame has
outlived that of the grave and accomplished adults of
their time. Possibly- Oregon may possess a boy or girl
whose capacity to write something attractive about, the
State approaches a true genius.
In any event the outcome will be watched with curi
osity outside as well as within Oregon. There is this
to be said in favor of the boys and girls of any State.
Under the present school system, facts that are dimmed
in the minds of adults by lapse of years and altered
somewhat by intervening conditions, are familiar topics
in class rooms. The school pupils know ? or have the fa
cilities to find out directly from copious encyclopedias
or elsewhere much about their topic. In addition to
this there are youth, enthusiasm and the spirit of emu
lation keen within them. These are the factors to
be counted on in any line of mental endeavor that does
not call for the exercise of technical knowledge requir
ing years to garner. .
Viewed from another point the idea of- having school
children interested in- helping their own State is good.
Their researches will compel them to learn. They will
read and. discuss and will be the better citizens for what
•How the' articles that are written by the Oregonians
are to obtain publication in papers outside of the State'
is not told. Possibly the Commercial Club has not fig
ured that out. Announcement is .made that the success
of any competitor will not- depend upon the, class of
publication in which it shall appear. It is intimated
that the competitors should write for some Eastern
paper, the selection to be; in towns in which present
Oregonians formerly resided. There are numerous small
papers in the United States that might use the, matter
50 contributed, in lieu of miscellany, >. when a: semi-local
trend is supplied by the announcement that;the writer: is
the son or daughter of a, former .resident.
Probably the best communications will be published
CHILDREN AS PROMOTERS.
Uncle Sam has been kind enough to make a very
liberal allowance of money for the National Guard of
California. This decision is a compliment to the citizen
soldiery of the State and a just tribute from the Federal
Government. The National Guard of California was the
first body of American troops ever to leave the conti
nent on a mission of war, and in the field our State troops
fought as regulars for the dignity and supremacy of the
flag.
Life in Old Missouri.
The Webb City correspondent of the
Kansas City Journal sends this "be
lated but interesting item" regarding a
storm which took place near Neck
City a few days ago: "J. N. Scott was
not at home on the night of the storm
last week, having gone to a neighbor's,
some little distance away, and was pre
vailed upon to stay all of Thursday
night on account of the threatening
weather. When he arrived af what
should nave been his home the next
morning he found that his new two
room house had entirely disappeared
and not a trace of it was visible any
where in the vicinity. Hia shaving
mug and brush, which were in the
house at the time of the storm, have
been found in a tree two miles away."
Floivcrs on Stormy Billows.
My friend, the knowing, said In a gloom-
filled hour:
"Who bids the rose to grace In the fall
our pathway?
Who forth on stormy billows would cast
a flower?
WhY;n thunder rolls, who lists to the
birds of May-day?
"Let sor.g birds cease to carol when
storms are singing.
Now drum and cannon sound through
the streets and alleys.
In forests grow the swords and I hear
their ringing.
Downtrodden lies the flowers in Fin
land's valleys.
"When darker grows the sky and the
storm clouds lower.
And men with hand on sword stand
their homes defending.
How can a child's frail arm meet the
giants' power?
How to the jrenlle breeze should the,
cliffs be bending?"
I said: "Yet wounds shall heal after
battle's hour.
Swords rust, and bayonets on the field
lie scattered;
But e'er returns the song as the springra
sweet power,
Forevermore heart's longing shall rise
unfettered.
"Amid the battle's din have the tones
alighted:
Now floats the red, sweet rose on the
• stormy billows.
To waft a summer thought to the mind
benighted
And bloom, a new-born hope, neath
the weeping willows.
"So shall the cliffs be moved by a loving
power.
So shall wild autumn's storm come
with fragrance laden.
So shall the mild tones fall as a May
blcom shower
And gladden yet the heart of dear
Finland's maiden."
— Zacharius Topelius.
Block System Exhibit.
The German Government railroad ex
hibit at the St. Louis fair shows the
block system and switch signals now
in use in Germany. More than 1500
feet of track. In the construction of
which both iron and wooden ties were
used, have been laid. There are a sta
tion house, two switch towers and one
Intermediate block signal post. Ona
of the switch towers is fitted with me
chanical and one with electrical signal
apparatus. . The block system makes
it impossible for a train to run into
an open 'switch or for one train to run
down another between stations. The
double track system prevents colli
sions. By means of electrical appar
atus all switches except the one open-
Ing the desired track are locked, mak
ing an error on the part of the switch
man impossible. A» the last wheel of
the train passes, the switches are all
released by rail contact, making way
for the next train. At intervals of
about seven miles are placed inter
mediate block posts, with a similar
signal and switch apparatus. By auto
matic arrangement the levers are all
locked, so that one train cannot leave
the station until the train ahead has
passed the next post, thus preventing
one train 'from runninjr down another.
All the material used in construction
was brought from Germany.— New
York Tribune.
Laic's Delay in Germany.
A recent consular report from Berlin
contains some instructive data upon
the law's delay in Kaiser Wilhelm's
empire. The Consul has this to say:
"The highest Judicial authority of the
German empire is vested in the Reichs
gericht. a Federal Supreme Court es
tnWished pursuant to the law pf April
11, 1877, as one of the institutions re
sulting from the creation of the hew
empire, or confederation of states, af
ter the Franco-Prussian war of 1870
71. The accumulation of business in
the court is such that appeals cannot
reach a hearing short of from nine to
twelve months, and this condition is
declared by both laity and the legal
profession to be intolerable. Thus it
would appear as if the people of this
country are seemingly quick to deplore
those partial denials of justice Involved
in the delays thereof which the citi
zens of the I'nited States have endured
more or les? patiently for many years.
"The steady accumulation of busi
ness in this court and a consequent
falling behind in Its efforts to dispose
of such increase has led to renewed
propositions for the relief of such con
gestion, one or more of which will with
certainty be ultimately enacted into
national law. The first suggestion
made v.as for a further increase in the
number of Judge? and of the sub-di
visions of the court, but it Is urged
that the practical limit in that regard
has already been reached, if not over
stepped. Seemingly, the most practical
suggestion, and that which is likely to
prevail In the end, is a limitation of the
right to appeal in all cases of mere
money Judgments to those in which
the amount Involved exceeds, say, 3000
marks ($714), by which limitation. It is
reliably estimated, fully. 90 per cent of
the appeals now sued out in such
causes will fall away. It is purposed
to raise this limit if occasion should
arise. As a matter of abstract princi
ple the latter suggestion is opposed, be
cause it would tend to make this tri
bunal "the rich man's court," from the
portals of which the man of small
means would henceforth be turned
away, and because the importance to
the individual of a legal controversy
should not be gauged by a mere resort
to, marks and pfennigs. The whole
subject is being so thoroughly dis
cussed, both in the legal magazines of
Germany and in conventions of law
yers, that as soon as the divergent?
views shall have been crvstalllzedl into
definite propositions action can' be
looked for from the Reichstag."
THE question of race suicide recently brought into
prominence in this country by President Roosevelt,
and by the fierce denunciation by President Jacob
Gould Schurman of Cornell University of men graduates
of colleges who ''deliberately elect , bachelordom" is of
renewed interest in view of statistics lately compiled
showing that men are far from being the only offenders
in that regard. In fact, the record shows that college
women commit the sin of matrimonial omission even
more do the men.
Whether the cause for it is that. the chance of being
mistress of a household with its unesthetic cares of the
kitchen and other homely duties is less attractive' to the
cultured college girl than freedom therefrom with a love
less life in professional or other channels is not known.
Or whether the prevailing idea that children arc becom
ing more and more unwelcome, as evidenced by the "no
children" signs put on city residences by discriminating
landlords, acts as a deterrent upon the educated girl, is
likewise difficult to learn.
At all events, that the Eastern college girl is less
prone to give herself in marriage than the Eastern col
lege man is to take her is evidenced by the following
figures gathered by the secretaries of the principal
women's colleges in the East. They 'show a variation
of from one in six girl graduates married to one in two
married, or an average of only about one out of three:
College — - . Graduates. Married.
Radcliffe . .654 108
Baltimore 446 92
Holyoke 2696 1358
Wellesley 1SG0 457
Bryn Mawr 517 86
Totals .
Theabove shows Mount Holyoke far in the lead of
the other colleges, with about one graduate in two mar
ried. Wellcsley about one in four, Baltimore about one
in five and Bryn Mawr and Radclitfe about one in six.
That is a much more astonishing showing than the
one recently made by Harvard men, who averaged about
72 per cent married. President Eliot of that college
points out the serious fact that the educated portion of
the American people not only fails to increase the
population at all, but docs not even reproduce itself. He
gives as the reason in part the fact that the protracted
education necessary for the professions delays marriage
beyond the ordinary time. limit.
President Briggs of Radcliffe in speaking of the sub
ject says: "Of course the college woman is less likely
to marry than the one who has no desire for study and
has nothing else to take up her mind. The women who
come to college prefer the fortune which an educated
woman has before her in the various professions to a
life of dependence. Then, too, college women may be
more fastidious about the men whom they marry.. In
short, it seems to me that the reports from, the various
women's colleges show that women graduates are in
fluenced by much the same reasons that are affecting
all women to a more or less degree — the tendency to eco
nomic independence rather than turning to matrimony
for support.''
It would be interesting to compare with the East the
proportion of women graduates from our two California
universities who have married, but we know of no sta
tistics at present available for the purpose.
Torpedo Culture.
At one time I was engaged in torpe
do culture. I was not the gentle scien
tist who was then evolving this ful
minating arbiter of nations from the
pijreon- holes of his brain into the ac
tivities of perfect warfare. I was only
cn<- of the t-taff of attendants of an
Infant CestSned one day in Its adult
ttood to burrow into battleships. This
militant baby was my charge ashore,
v '.li!" a b!g 5>roT\n kanaka sailor, who
could overhaul a pcrpoise In its native
b::ne, h-'ided the small son of Mars at
rea. IJ<j was its wet nurse.
Our charge was a veritable little
devil A full-fledged destroying angel
of flarkness. Even at that extreme
Juvenile period it appeared to possess
tli«* soul of Cain and a deathless desire
to get on some marine firing line.
Iwrsirs ?nd training infant torpedoes
T.1S not. with me, a labor nf love nor
cf my own volunteering. During that
warm summer in the tropics I had a
special Quakerish reluctance to labor
in tt< perfection of Implements for the
tfestJ-uction of humanity and a general
— and stronger — reluctance to do any
thing. Consequently T was rather in
clinf-c! stealthily to undo the inventor's
*ork and crush the future ship
fcmasher in the eRjr, as it were.
My chief was Captain John A. How
ell. U. S. X. (now admiral, retired), the
"father of th« Howell torpedo." and I
was a very young: sailor on board the
vessell he then commanded. As I acted
as his clerk my duties kept me much
of the time in his cabin, where he was
at work on his model. It was about
as large as an ordinary salmon and
when its machinery got speeded up
was about as full of life. The captain
would fill the big cabin bathtub with
water and In this he schooled his child
of war. He was a very religious man
was Captain Howell and acted as
chaplain every Sunday, as' his ship did
not officially rate one. In the pictur
esque diction of the sea. she didn't
carry enough gun* to rank a sky-pilot.
On week days the captain would fill
the tub, launch his torpedo and call
me from my desk to hold the little
monster whie he made delicate altera
tions in rudder or propeller. Then we
would have lots of fun with that buzz-
Ing, splashing thing. With Its clock
work wheels whirling away and its
rmall body plunging fore and aft in
the tub it woud make frantic efforts
to pet out and find something to fight.
The skipper and I generally came out
of these encounters with hands and
arms scratched and wet from keel to
truck.
So, owing to my being closely asso
ciated with Captain Howell In his sci
entific work (my desk was alongside of
his tub), he got in the habit of taking
me with him when he pave the young
ster an airing, or rather a watering, in
the bay. The big kanaka, all stripped
for a swim, and I with the model un
der my arm would march aboard the
Eleam launch In the wake of the cap
tain amid the sly grins and joshings of
the men. who called us "the torpedo
kindergarten." We would find a shal
low stretch of water of about ten feet
in depth and drop the future rruiser
killer. The convoying kanaka would
f.ounder overboard after it and we
¦would steam after them. Often the tor
pedo would dive to the bottom, and he
¦would follow and haul the trnant back
to school and the surface.
Sherman— that was his name on the
chip's books, as the one his mother
gave him back in sunny Ililo was too
long and too unpronounceable for prac
tical use — was solid with the skipper.
He got grifts of many dollars and extra
liberties on shore, where he could spend
both to his peculiar liking, and that
vas drinking. When the torpedo was
more unmanageable than usual, neces
sitating more swimming:' and more div
ing, the captain generously doubled the
dollars and liberties, and Sherman
doubled the drinks. I sometimes
thought that there was a job put up
between the kanaka and the torpedo
down on the botjbm of the sea to make
those trials as difficult as possible for
Sherman's personal benefit. However,
»hen the sailor was sleeping oft his
shore dissipation up under the fore
castle the torpedo and I had our trials
in the tub.
Still. I firmly believe in its mechan
ical heart the torpedo fairly hated the
kanaka, and every steel spring of its
email murderous soul was bent to his
undoing. It would not only hide from
him in the deepest and darkest places
it could find, but it would try^" to run
him down. Off it would go from the,
launch, the tiny propellers churning up
the bubbles and he following them as
they rose to the surface, when it would
suddenly veer away at right angles to
its course and for a few minutes be lost
to Sherman's X-ray ken. Then, while
he v.as diving through the water
searching for the runaway, It would
find him. With all the power of Its
buzzing machinery it would plunge its
Eharp snout Into his naked body or rake
the skin from his kicking: legs with its
whirling propeller?. Then that fright
ened kanaka would give a yell of ter
ror and make the, water fairly boil in
his drive for the launch. I could al
ways satisfy him that bis assailant was
only a playful porpoise or a curious
shark, neither of which be feared, and
get him to find the torpedo, then rest
ing contentedly and enjoying the fruits
of its victory down In the mud. . Of
course, it was only a powderleas ma
chine, an e&rnetst of danger" to come,
but It? nose was sharp, its aim uner
rins, its spirit unchristian and it was
CO-EDS AND RACE SUICIDE.
Some surprise has been expressed at the political jug
glery of the Board of Health in dismissing many em
ployes under one official designation, which has repre
sented their usefulness to the community, and then re
appointing them to office under another name conve
niently secured. The affair is simpler than at first glance
appears. No change in duties has been made. The trans
ferred deputies had nothing to do in their old positions
and have nothing more to perform in their new field of
political favor.
as much at home in the water as was
Sherman.
One day while in submarine flight
it made a sharp turn and joyfully
'swung into the kanaka's starboard
row of ribs. The seal-brown sailor
thought a swordfish had struck him
below the waterline and kicked fran
tically at the model which, urged
ahead by its little propellers, was
ramming him again and again. Sher
man, sure that all his compartments
were flooded, retreated for the launch
while the torpedo bobbed serenely to
the surface, looking for more kanakas
to lick in fair open flKht.
Only by convincing the timid island
er that it was a swordftsh and not a
malicious baby torpedo that had
tried to mine him could I Induce
Sherman to go on any more subma
rine trial trips. But the captain
neede.d him and the flash of several
$5 nieces overcame his fear of fellow
i swimmers down in the vasty deep.
J So ho parsed the summer drinking
j whisky on shore and herding that tor
pedo at sea. When the kanaka was
' too drunk for scientific deep sea work
out in the bay, I shifted into seml
bnthlug tog? and acted as torpedo
navigator in the bathtub.
TOM GREGORY.
ONCE more the people Of the United States are
called to the observance of the anniversary of
«, the day upon which the thirteen British colonies
in North America declared their independence of the
British crown and empire and thereby laid the founda
tions of the great republic that now holds a foremost
place among the powers of the earth. .
It is a day so full of patriotic -memories that no intelli
gent citizen can fail to feel their influence; nor can the
most indifferent be neglectful of the claims it has upon
his attention and. his reverence.
So far as the making of nations is concerned the
declaration of independence by the thirteen colonies is
by far the greatest single event in human history. It Was
the act, bravely and wisely done at a critical moment, by
which an old order of things was terminated and a new
order of things begun. It was the birth of the America
which we know; the first clear and unmistakable mani
festation of that destiny which has so profoundly af
fected the whole world and in a greater or less degree
shaped the course of national development in every
nation under the sun. \
The men who signed the great declaration were in
character and purpose worthy of the task to which they
set their hands. The maintenance of it in war and in
peace was intrusted to leaders of abilities so high that
only in rare instances can their equals be found in the
annals of history. Americans of this and every other
generation can honor the- memory of the great men of
the Revolution tor their personal worth as well as for
the work they performed. Indeed, as much of patriotic
inspiration can be gained, by the American youth from
a study of the characters of Washington, Jefferson and
Adams as from a review of the glory and the greatness
of the republic itself.
It is a matter of profound regret to many that the cele
bration of so glorious a day in the history of the nation
should be conducted in the manner which custom has
established. As a rule, the .general observances of the
day lack decorum, dignity and propriety. The stately
parades, the lofty orations and the patriotic music, which
should be the chief features of the celebration, are too
often lost sight of in the general roar of firecrackers
and other noisy and dangerous forms of popular demon
stration.
That such regrets are in a measure well founded goes
without saying. The fatalities of each successive Fourth
of July are greater than those of many an important
battle, while the frequent fires of each year impose upon
the nation an enormous loss. Sooner br later we shall
devise a remedy for these evils. In the meantime we
must guard against them as best we can.
It behooves us then to give our hearts to-day to a
free and full exultation in the greatness of our country,
cherishing at the same time a profound loyalty to the
memory of the. great men who put their fortunes, their
lives and their sacred honor at stake that the nation
might be founded and that we might be free. It is such
a holiday as is known to no other people. Let us rejoice
in it with a true patriotic fervor and be proud that we
are Americans. „-
Dousing the Glim.
The lamplighter had been sopping
up a goodly quantity of Barbary
Coast booze. The evening shadows
began to fall, but Pat was dead to the
world. The pedestrians of the Latin
quarter, which was Pat's beat, were
compelled to wend their homeward
way in darkness, while "the light" of
the district noisily slumbered.
But for the lamplighter's son the
little world north of Broadway might
have remained in darkness. Observ
ing the inability of his dad to navi
gate, the son went the route, carefully
lighting every gas get. This was 8
o'clock at night.
About 10 o'clock the fuddled guar
dian of the glim awoke with a start.
The moon was shining brightly and
Pat, blinking in the silvery light,
thought the day was breaking and,
seizing the torch stick, started to
extinguish the gas light which
he deemed no lonser necessary.
The population of Little Italy
was startled at the seeming saving
precautions of the city, as light
after light disappeared and left the
populous district in the clutch of
darkness. Pat, all heedless of ob
jections of various storekeepers along
the line, continued to douse the glims
In a businesslike manner. /
An alert bluecoat took exception to
the lamp extinguisher's work and
halted him with. "What th* dickens
are you doing?"
"S'mornin*; gotter douse the glims,"
retorted Pat.
A wordy war as to the time of night
took place, Pat insisting it was morn
ing, the officer maintaining it was not
yet midnight.
"Too bad — man can't do his dooty,"
observed Pat, as the patrol wagon
trundled him gently over the ruts of
Kearny street to the City Prison.
"Charge 'im with bein* drunk."
said the minion of the law, and then
to himself: "Funny what this 'ere
firewater will do to a man's 'ead."
THE NATION'S DAY.
in the local papers in Oregon and subsequently given
circulation' in the East in some shape. Next -year the
Lewis and Clark Exposition will take place at Portland.
It is to the interest of Oregon to have its name and fame
extended as much as possible not later than October of
the present year. .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . ... : . . . > Address All Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office. . \...J'. ................ ..^...: .... . .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY :...................:.... JULY 4, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, JULY 4,, 1904.
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
to go into the details at present, and a
spoil ago a friend let me know that
they had reconsidered to the extent of
decidln' to make it nine o'clock instead
of midnight, and were already a-bilin'
of the tar.
So you can see for yourselves that it
is high time for me to step down and
out. No more at present from. Yours
truly, T. J. WACKERBACK.
P. S.— It's eight forty-two right now,
and I'm gone. — New York Tribune.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESHONOLULU. July 3. — First Lieuten
ant Guilford S. Garber of the United
States artillery corns committed sui
cide at 2:15 o'clock this morning:. He
placed a revolver in his mouth and then
pulled the trigger. He died soon after.
Garber had been out with some com
panions the night before. He left the
following note:
"It's no use; I cannot stop drinking."
He left also a check for $130 to the
order of a friend. First Lieutenant Al
den Trotter of the artillery, and an
other check for $50 for his company
funds. His accounts apparently are
straight. Garber's home was at Madi
son, Wisconsin. .,-
Lieutenant Garber of Artil
lery Corps Ends Life
After Night With Friends
ARMY OFFICER
KILLS HIMSELF
face. She called In Policeman J. F.
Dennan and had the girl taken to the
City Prison on a charge of battery. At
the Jail Eva broke down and sobbed
pitifully. She said that she did not
strike her mother, but merely tried to
protect herself from being choked to
death. She, accuses her mother with
having ' placed a leather strap around
her neck and chokins her. Eva denies
that she ever stayed out late at night,
and attempts to give the impression
that she is a model girl and a much
abused one.
Miss Powers expected her father to
bail her out, but at a late hour last
nlzht he. had not done so,
Work of 'Chinatown Squad.
The report of Sergeant Christiansen
of the work d.one by the squad in
Chinatown for last month was filed
with the Chief of Police yesterday.. In
view of the fact that there has been
an injunction in force since January
26 restraining the police from interfer
ing with | gambling or lottery places
the report is looked upon as satisfac
tory.- : The .total arrests -were' 129- and
40 of those arrested were convicted
and paid fines,' 19were sent to jail and
70 were dismissed. The fines and for
feitures amounted to $272 50.
PRETTY TAILORESS CAUSES
TROUBLE BETWEEN BOSSES
Sam Jlnjrnison Threatens A. Berglol
With Revolver and Is Arrested for
Disturbing the Peace.
Sam Magnison and A. Berglof are
tailors and occupy the same store at
504 Kearny street. They are young
men. Magnison has a pretty girl em
ployed as, a tailoress, but she has ex
pressed a desire to work for Berglof.
j Magnison blamed Berglof for . in
fluencing her. Berglof alleges that on
Friday last Magnison picked up a pair
of. shears, and, coming close to x him,
made a remark that he did not ' care
to live if somebody else were dead.
"Yesterday afternoon they met in the
store. Trouble ensued and Berglof
ran out and told Policeman Cavanaugh
that Magnison had a revolver and had
threatened to. shoot him. ( Cavanaugh
went to the store and found a revolver
in : Magnison's pocket. Magnison was
arrested for. disturbing the peace. .
Eva Powers, a pretty but wayward
girl of 16 years, was arrested yester
day afternoon and charged with bat
tery. The charges are made by her
mother, who says her daughter struck
her. The girl in tearful tones denies
that she raised her hand against her
mother, but makes "the assertion that
the elder woman tried to choke her
with a straD which she wound around
her neck.
'The case, is but one of many. The
mother, trying to stay the reckless ca
reer of a wayward child and failing,
felt herself compelled to use_ drastic
measures.
Eva Powers is a blonde with a rather
pretty face. She is employed at A.
Mautz & Co.'s dry goods store, 2536 Mis
sion street, as a salesgirl. Her father
is a shoemaker and the girl has to
work to help support herself. . Her
mother, Mrs. Catherine Powers, says
that Eva repeatedly stays out late at
night In . company with young men.
Much against the protest of the mother
she went to the Chutes Friday night
with another girl, Alice Tlllotson, who
resides in Alameda. There they met
two young men, to whom Mrs. Powers
had objected. The mother followed her
daughter and watched the meeting,
then ordered the girl. to go home.
Yesterday afternoon the quarrel over
the young men was renewed. Mrs.
Powers says that Eva struck her 1a tha
Chases Man With Razor.
Aaron Sommer,, a junk "dealer at 535
Pacific street, narrowly escaped having
his; throat slit yesterday afternoon by
an infuriated ' Italian. Sommer.. and
Nichola Perito j engaged in an -.'alterca
tion von Pacific street, near Kearny.
Peri £o j became, enraged j and ;drawing\ a
razor -chased the frightened iunk/ deal
er for three'blocks, iwtien* he was'cap
tured by i the police and lodged in the
City Prison, on /charges of carrying; a
concealed* weapon and 'making threats
against 'life. 1 , '¦ > -'^^^iS^^I
May Have Committed Suicide.
* The Morgue ; officials were notified
yesterday ¦ of the .disappearance of
Samuel Damante on June 6. Since
that time nothing- 'haa' ben heard of
him.' He was living with a friend at
1402-Dupont street when last seen. He
had been despondent from continued
sickness and had expressed his inten
tion of jumping into the bay* -He' is a
widower," 5 3 years of age,. and has four
Mother Charges Pretty Six
teen-Year-Old Eva Pow
ers With Striking* Her
Excursion train to Monterey and Santa Cruz
will not leave Third and Townsend streets
depot at 7:15 a. m. Monday, July 4. Paesen-
K*ri for these points will take train leaving
8:<H> a. m. ; but the regular Sunday excursion
trains leaving: Monterey 6:10 p. m.: and 0:05
p. m.- will also be run northbound on Monday,
reaching San Francisco 10:30 p. m. •
Monterey and Santa- Cruz Excursion.
IMPORTANT CORRECTION*.
HAS DAUGHTER
TAKEN TO JAIL
of July Toy.
While trying to ram a 22-callber cart
ridge into a home-made cannon, Albert
Berthelson j yesterday received the con
tents of the weapon in his hand. Ber
thelson, who is 18 years old, had the
cannon made by a blacksmith. The
youth could not wait till the Fourth
to test it. Accompanied by some
friends, he took it to a vacant lot near
his home, at "Eighth and Tehama
streets.
The noise-creator worked well at first
trial with a simple charge of powder.
Then some one suggested that a
cartridge .be used.' As Berthelson tried
to ram the shell into the cannon it ex
ploded, sending a charge of burning
powder : and a battered cartridge Into
his hand. The boy was taken to the
Central Emergency, Hospital, where his
painful injuries were dressed by Dr.
Wilson.
Albert Berthcl«on Acquires Wisdom
in Experiment AVitli a Fourth
BOY'S HAND BADLY TOltX
BY. EXPLOSION'" OF CAXN'OX
John Brandt, a cook, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday afternoon by
Policeman De Guire on a charge of
grand larceny. Eighty dollars In gold
was registered as evidence against him.
Shortly after 2 o'clock he entered the
Jersey saloon, 905 Kearny street, lead
ine by the hand P. S. Martin, a car
penter, from Scotia. Martin was
drunk.
They sat down In chairs in the bar
room and B. Biatkowski, who is em
ployed in the place, saw Brandt open
Martin's vest and take something out
of an inside pocket. Brandt ran out
of the saloon, followed by Biatkowski,
who soon caught him and shouted for
the police. Brandt offered him half
of the coin if he would let him go.
Peter Duffy, one of the elevator men
at the Hall of Justice, and James R.
Murphy of the Coroner's office heard
Biatkowski's \ cries for the police and
ran to his. assistance. Duffy found $80
in gold in Brandt's right hand and
he and' Murphy led him to the City
Prison. On the way they met Police
man De Guire. who got Martin and
locked him up as a witness.
John Brandt Caught Stealing: From P,
S. Martin and Is Booked for
'Grand Larceny.
CITY OFFICIALS ASSIST
IX ARRESTING A THIEI
George P. Adams, Registrar of Voters,
has prepared the complete list of
the precinct polling places and instruc
tions to deputy registrars. One impor
tant fact which electors should not3 is
the statement that any one who has
registered since January, 1904, and has
since changed his residence cannot
have any change of address made !>y
the precinct registrars. Changes cau
be made at the Registrar's office in tha
City Hall only, and will have to be
made prior to October 13 in order to
vote at the November election. The
precinct registration books will be
opened Wednesday, July 6, at 10 a. m.
and remain open until 9 o'clock the
same evening. They will also be open
the- following day for the same hours,
but after that any one wanting to vote
at the primary election August <# will
have to register at the City Hall and
do so by July 20.
To-morrow night the Egan faction of
the Labor party will meet at 32' O'Far
rell street to consider the plans of the
campaign and the question of patch
ing up the differences between the two
factions. The indications are that
there will be no patching.
As the friend of the workingman the
party will demonstrate on Wednesday
night that that plank, adopted fifty
years ago, is still one of the paramount
features of the body politic as repre
sented by the Republican party.
INSTRUCTIONS TO DELEGATES.
It is not generally known that the
first out-and-out Republican platform
adopted was passed upon at Jackson,
Mich., in 1854, but such is the case. Cm
the 6th day of July, 1S54, more than
1000 people gathered at Jackson, Mich.,
and nominated a State ticket, which
was headed by Kinley S. Bingham,
candidate for Governor. At the time
the nominations were made a platform
was adopted which contained many of
the basic principles of the Republican
party of to-day. One plank in partic
ular has been passed down to the pres
ent day and is an unwritten law of tha
party, though frequently expressed in
the platforms adopted at the various
conventions throughout the Union. It
is as follows:
Resolved, That in view of the necessity of
battling for the first principles of Republican
government, and against the schemes of an
arlntocracy, the most revolting and oppressive
with which the earth was ever cursed or roan
debased, we will co-operate and be known as
"Republicans" until the contest be terminated.
Many of the delegates to the National
Convention at Chicago will have re
turned by the time Senator Edward I.
Wolfe drops the gavel Wednesday night
and they will attend the anniversary
of the Republican party and assist in
the ratification of the men they helped
to nominate in Chicago.
FIRST PLATFORM.
Thousands of Republicans will be at
the Theater Wednesday
night and each will have on his best
"bibb and tucker," for his mother will
be watching him, or else his wife or
sweetheart will have her weather eye
open to see how he is being received
by the dear people for whom he is
willing to handle politics.
The Alhambra Theater has been dec
orated for to-day's celebration, but on
Wednesday night it will be much more
attractive, for the "Grand Old Repub
lican Party" is to celebrate its birth
day in an elaborate manner. The peo
ple of San Francisco have been Invited
to attend and they will no doubt be out
in force. Ladies are to be special
guests,, and their presence will be an
incentive for the speakers to do their
best, and when the best is attempted
there is always a feast for the intelli
gent.
- This practically disposes of the prop
osition to abandon the policy of recla-
In the second decision It Is declared
that the purchaser of State swamp
lands is not a party to the contract be
tween the State and the United States
relating to reclamation, and that the
appropriation of the proceeds from "the
granted swamp hinds to reclamation
rests solely upon the good faith of the
State. .
, These decisions of the highest tri
bunal of the land set at rest the whole
question as to the legal, right of a State
to now create a swamp land district
and include; within its boundaries .re
claimed and unreclaimed., land, and as
sess all the land so. Included, for'pur
poses of general reclamation^ arid clear
ly discloses the fact that the State pos
sesses no such right. ¦ -
In the first decision quoted it is de
clared that the obligation of a State to
reclaim the land rests upon the State
alone, and that no trust is thereby at
tached to the land itself, but that the
title to such land when obtained from
the State is not affected by the man
ner In which the State might perform
its duty to the Government.
MEANING OF DECISIONS.
It 1* not competent for the owners of land
which is a part of a grant to a State under
the swamp land act. 9 Stat. 519, to set up
in proceedings begun to enforce a tax on the
land assessed under a State law for the pur
pose of draining and improving it that the
Btate law Impairs the obligation of the contract
betwetn the State and the United States and
so violates the constitution; because (1). If the
swamp land act constituted a contract between
thv State and the United States, he was no
party to It; and (2) the. appropriation of the
proceeds of the granted swamp lands r«»t»
solely In the good faith of the State.
In deciding the case of Mills County
vs. Railroad Companies, 107 U. S., 557,
it. was held:
The proviso of the second section of the act,
thit rh" proceeds of the lands shail b» ap
plied exclusively, as far as necessary, to the.
purpone of reclaiming th« same by levees and
drair*. Imposed an obligation which rests upon
th* good faith of the States. No trust was
thereby attached to the lands, and the title to
them, which is derived from either of the
Stales, if. not affected by the manner in which
sh<> rerform*d that obligation.
And again, in Hagar vs. Reclamation
District, 111 U. S.. 701, it was said:
It has been claimed that whoever ac
cepts title to swamp land accepts such
title in subordination to the paramount
'right and duty of the State to cause
the land to be reclaimed by any meth
od It might see fit to employ. If this
contention had been understood to be
true, the liability of expenditure on ac
count of the reclamation of any swamp
land purchased from the State would
never cease 'until the last acre of
swamp and, overflowed land had been
reclaimed. If this doctrine had been
promulgated and believed in from the
first, the State would never have
parted title with one single acre, be
cause, while the economic value of re
claimed portions of the swamp land
might be ascertained, the profitable*
ness of reclaiming it all at the expense
of all was wholly unascertainable. No
one would have attempted the recla
mation of a portion of this land with
the understanding that he was event
ually to be charged with a proportion
ate cost of reclaiming all the other
prramp and overflowed lands of the
State.
But the fact that the swamp lands
purchased from the State are not
charged with the duty or obligation to
reclaim other lands is no longer de
batable or doubtful. Whatever con
struction the decisions of the State
court in this relation may be suscepti
ble of, the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States with refer
ence to the meaning of the act granting
swamp and overflowed lands to States
are not ambiguous and obscure.
But this is far from declaring that
the owners of swamp land which has
been reclaimed, who have received pat
ents from the State conveying a title
without conditions, may now be sub
jected to assessments upon their land
for the purpose of reclaiming swamp
land which they do not own.
RULINGS OF THE COURTS.
The decision of the Supreme Court
in the case of Kimball vs. Reclama
tion Fund Commission, by superficial
reading, would seem to hold that Con
gress had by the act granting swamp
and overflow lands to the State im
posed upon the grant itself the condi
tion that the lands be reclaimed. What
the court decided was that, whereas
the Legislature had inaugurated a sys
tem for the reclamation of these lands
by organizing a Board of Commission
ers who were to superintend the work,
and* had provided that in any district
where a petition representing one
third in acres of the tract of land pro
posed to be reclaimed was located, the
appellant was bound in law to take
notice of the public statute and must
be deemed -to have accepted the title
in subordination of the paramount
right and duty of the land to be re
ciaimed; that a general system for the
purpose of reclamation had been in
augurated and that under
the provisions of the law the practical
measures of reclamation had been set
up the owners of land within such dis
trict must submit to assessment for
the reclamation of the land they
owned; that the owner of lands in a
district to be reclaimed could not de
cline to contribute to the cost of such
reclamation and then enjoy the incre
ment which would ensue, but must
contribute equally with other owners
in the same district to the reclamation
cost. - ¦ .
More than 1,200,000 acres of land
granted to the State of swamp and
overflowed land have been granted to
individuals by patent which convevs
the title without conditions. These
lands, notwithstanding they belong to
the category of swamp and overflowed
lands, are as completely exempt from
special assessment for the reclamation
of other lands as any other lands of
the State. .
Reference has already been made
to the fact that no one possesses suf
ficient information on the subject to
determine, even with a remote prob
ability of accuracy, the economic
value of a reclamation scheme having
for its object the reclamation of all
the overflowed lands belonging to the
State. But beyond this, the question
of the practicability of the scheme
from its legal aspect is worthy of
thoughtful consideration.
QUESTION OF LEGALITY.
been fully demonstrated. Since the
enactment of that law, the swamp
land policy of the State has been the
subject of legislative attention, as the
acts approved on the following dates
fully attest: March 16, 1872;' March
J-'S, 1872; Congressional Resolution,
1878: March 29, 1878; April 1, 1878;
April 23, 1880; March 24, 1S93; March
17, 1S97; March 2, 1901, and March
16, 1901. Notwithstanding these acts,
the general policy underlj-ing the act
of 1868 has not been changed in any
essential feature.
The State was confronted with the
condition, which had been fully dem
onstrated by experiment, that the
valu? of the land when reclaimed was
the only inducement to its reclama
tion. It therefore entered upon the
reclamation of that which was most
readily and economically reclaimable.
leaving the more costly work of rec
lamation to a time when alluvial dep
osition, which was then and is now
steadily in progress, would make the
problem of reclamation more easy,
when, by reanon of the growth of the
commonwealth and the greater dens
ity of its population, the land re
claimed would possess a higher value.
During the discussion which was
the Genesis of the act of 1868.
It-iwaa proposed by some of
the very best minds of the
State to adopt the mound system of
reclamation in use on the lower
course of the NJle. , Xhe late B. B.
Reddimj. to whose patriotism and in
tellectual breadth this commonwealth
is still under obligation, was the lead
ins: -proponent of this Dlan. ,
The wisdom of the act of 1868 has
THE ONLY INDUCEMENT.
Mining was the paramount industry
of the country and the hydraulic
method was in full operation.
Hydrav'ic mining was charging the
tributaries of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers with detritus, which
was being forced down the channels
of these tributaries on a declivity of
100 feet to the mile and into a central
drainage having less than four inches
to the mile. The detritus thus forced
into the channel of the main streams
must necessarily lodge, and the time
at which the Sacramento River in par
ticular would wander at will over the
alluvial bottom land of the valley
could not be foretold.
All commercial and industrial ac
tivities, including agriculture, horti
culture, manufacturing and mer
chandise, were then, merely subordi
nate and allied Industries to mining.
The absence of rail communication
with the East had denied an Eastern
market for the field, orchard and vine
yard products of the State. Hence the
proposition of . arresting the de
struction of the valley by> enjoin
ing hydraulic mining had not been
dreamed of
•The rapid filling up of the main
channel of the central drainage con
stituted a menace to successful recla
mation.- The danger was apparent that
the river beds would fill up, that the
flood mnximums would rise, that
reclamation levees would have to be
Increased In ' height and that vast
quantities of mining detritus would be
imposed upon the valley lands.
The cost relating to the reclama
tion of this fifth class was far beyond
the financial possibilities of the time.
The only inducement to the reclama
tion of any of the land was the value
of the land after its reclamation.
There was no source of revenue avail
able for this purpose. The legislative
experiments prior to 1868 had demon
strated this fact beyond all contro
versy. The appeal to State or
Government aid was wholly imprac
ticable. The State was not in a posi
tion financially to enter upon the cost
of reclaiming all its swamp land prop
erty in one general scheme of reclama
tion, because it was apparent then as
now that the cost of such an undertak
ing would exceed $100,000,000, while
the assurance which would have
proffered a request to the Government
to add its munificence by reclaiming
the property it had presented to the
State had not reached the stage of
pauperizing dependence it has attained
in recent times.
REVENUE LACKING.
:;. — Laudj overflowed but a short period In
earh yror and at medium flood stages of rivers;
r'claimable at small cost and possessing high
intrtn«ic value after reclamation.
:i.— Mar?h lands on the margin of tidal
reservoirs comprising the bay system, econom
ically recialmable and highly valuable when
reclaimed.
4. — Swamp lands lying within a pingle. hy
dropraphlc ejstem. comprising ail the grades
of relative reclalmablllty, but more economic
ally reclaimable by treatment as a system
than in ernaiate farts. >
5. — L*m:s wholly irreclaimable by any other
method »han an absolute control of the
entire hydrographic phenomena of the Interior
bsam af the btate. -
The experience <*< reclamation in old
er countries was appealed to and the
lesson of such experiment was read
into the current discussion of the time.
The policy of attempting a complete
reclamation of all swamp lands by
placing the ultimate value of all such
lands behind the enterprise was reject
ed, because then, as now, the data upon
which the economic value of the policy
could be determined was wholly want
ing. There was not then and is not to
day sufficient information concerning
the cost of reclamation by that plan, or
the economic value of the result, to
justify the undertaking.
The granting act required the Sec
retary of the Interior to make an ac
curate list and plat of all the swamp
lands and transmit these plats to the
Governors of the States being bene
ficiaries of the grant and upon the re
quest of such States, to issue patents
conveying the title in fee-simple. This
had not been done when the people of
California addressed their attention
seriously to the question of reclaiming
these lands in good faith and of add
ing their areas to the- productive
wealth of the State- and the require
ments of the law have not yet been
full- accomplished.
The knowledge of the subject was
general, not specific. It was well
known that the lands were divided by
their physical condition into five nat
ural classes:
1. — Lands overflowed at extreme flood stages
of the rivers and covered with water for a
period so short as to be beneficial rather than
injurious and to be practically a substitute for
.iiinual irrigation. •
the framework of the State swamp land
poyey was enacted.
The policy underlying this act was
evolutionary. It was the suggestion
of legislative experiment beginning
with the act quoted, and rising
through the acts of April 25, 1855, April
21. 1SJ8. April IS, 1S39. May 13, 1861,
April 27, 1863, and April 22, 18G6. Each
of these acts underwent preliminary
discussion in the public mind and par
liamentary examination by the Legis
lature. Leading up to the act of 1S68,
the entire question cf swamp land
reclamation was made the subject of
thoughtful examination and public ad
vocacy by the very best minds the
State has ever produced.
The suggestion ot combining all the
swamp land into one reclamation dis
trict and pursuing a system of reclam
ation that would distribute the burden
cf its cost to each acre of swamp land
alike, regardless of the relative re
clamability of the land, is now
brought forward as an original sugges
tion, whereas it was advocated and
traversed until not one grain of wheat
was left in the thrice-threshed straw.
EXPERIENCE IS CITED.
From this bcgJnninE, which related
merely to an experiment with 640 a^res
of 6»-amr> land very easily r*clalmable
the subject occurred legislative atten
tion at Intervals until 1S68. when th*
Ceneral act which to-day constitutes
. The State was admitted to the Union
of States on September 9, 1850, and the
Jict in question was passed September
2S. 1850. when the State was only nine
teen days old.
If the obligation of reclamation ar
l'itrariiy accompanied the gift the pro
priety of its acceptance would have
bff n debatable. If not wholly inadvis
able. The conditions attending the
¦wamp land? granted were wholly un
known. The economic value of the
grant itself was equally unknown.
Hence ihr people of California could
not have known whether the acceptance
ff the grant accompanied by an ar
bitrary obligation to reclaim all the
Innds granted would not be the as
•sumptjon of a task the fulfillment of
which would be, wholly uneconomic, if
r.ot impossible.
NO TIJIK LIMIT MADE.
There was no declaration in the law
and no possible inference to be derived
from it imposing upon the State the
duty to reclaim the land within a given
time or to reclaim all of the swamp
and overflowed lends granted. On the
contrary. It was clearly within the pro
vince of the State to proceed v.'ith such
reclamation In such a manner as to ac
complish the ultimate result at such
t!me and in such v.ay as would be most
advantageous to the State itBclf
-The first act relating to ku amp land
was approved May l. issi, clght months
after the date of the act granting the
land. This act erantcd C40 acres of
Kva'mp land on Mcrritt Island to John
F. Booth and Dnvid Galloway and pro
vided that they should reclaim th« land
bring it tinder cultivation and report
the result to the Legislature. The cau
tious and conservative wisdom of this
act wJH be apparent.
Public policies are founded upon the
arcer twined knowledge and the mor-t
ivgent ieaso:is influencing determina
tion in the minds of men at the time
iiX their adoption. Later, when the
knowledge is becominjj obscure and
\:.~ arsmnc-'.u which prevailed in the
siuopticn of the polity is forgotten, tlv
policy iz often summoned to the bur
ot public opinion for a new hearing
itiid deiert.iin:;tion. Because human
Judgment is not infallible the unex
j ectcti is the only thing th::t is cer
tain to h^piicn, and since all human
Institutions are impeachable, it is
eminently proper that their wisdom
*nould be reviewed In the strong light
oi experience.
It is sometimes unfortunate that the
assault upon an established policy is
led by persons who are unfamiliar
with the history of legislation relating
io suth policy, and who. with that in
trepidity which attends insufficient in
j'lii-ation, become the proponent of
jnethods once fully investigated or
Tried and condemned.
POLICY OF niXXAMATIOX.
The reck: motion policy of California
i^ just now undergoing preliminary
impeachment preparatory to the intro
duction of proposed reforms. A re
view of the policy now proposed and a
j reses'tation of the relation it bears to
the history of legislation cannot be de
% iid cf popular interest.
The proposed changes in the policy
<>i reclamation may be summarized as
follows:
I- — To abandon the policy of reclamation by
d.Mricis cr ctlt'r economic consideration rv
.;i:nK to th<> relative reclaimability of land and
it-sort io reclatr.aticn liy a. single system in
»h:ch a'.] the swamp lands etiall b<? assessed
equally for !:;<• n-claroatlon of all.
'i —To this md It U proposed that the State
f..c.;i resjmt control of all swamp land, whether
r«<!ait-icd cr unreclaimed, levying a special
i irmetti cr. tn«- nH-laimed ewamp lan<i of
u- stau- ia ti:e iTUtreet of reclaiming all of
th-- uwpotp land.
"' — V wvy a iteml annual tax upon all
impair in th« Ea&* tor a period of ten years
*i.d a:!; the do:^rnment to co-operate for an
evtsiralcot cum tar th«- same period.
I. — To (-nitrate the cost of a complete recla
mation eysUrM. including the rectification of
river chajotrie, itv» construction of additional
ichatmete En the- relief of flood waters, and
after ratflmctiac the sum i-ontributed from
U». p-:.-r.J taxation on all property of the
fr-tatt ?r.d the contribution u' the Federal Gov
• >:.:i)»:.t. \u ufMrtf the regaining cost for this
P'-tutr: revisinatioii upon' all the lands of the
d:.-tri(t rreardiese cf relative brneflts.
Disregarding general details, these
four propositions outline the reformed
pulley now proposed.
STOKY OF THF. GRANT.
liy act of Congress, approved Sep
tember 2S. 1S50. the State o-f California
received approximately 1.500.000 acres
of swamp and overflowed lands. The :
act itself declared that the donation
was made "to enable the several States i
to construct the necessary levees and
drains to reclaim the swamp and over- \
flowed lands therein." The act then
proceeds to declare:
It fchall be the duty of the Serretary of the
Interior to make accurate lists and plats of
all fu<-h lands, and transmit th; same to the
Gororcora of the several States in which said
i»nd» tray lie. and at the request of the Gov
«-n:»r of «ny £tate In which raid evmnn< and
MaSur lands may be. to cauye patents to be
ihnw-d to ttiti Stat-i- therefor, conveying to said
Slate the fre-?imple of raid lands.
Th* jjro*-e*-ris of "raid lands made from Bale
ot by tlircct appropriation in kind, shall be
applied exclusively, ac far as necessary, to
i ¦¦¦ a.mlng taid lands by nitans ot teveea and
dra'jM.
The foregoing excerpts present the
letter of the law. It is of the highest
importance that the terminology em
ployed should have careful consider
ation. I
The first paragraph quoted declares
that the Secretary of the Interior shall
make lists and plats o-f the lands and
r.t the request of the viovernor of any
State, shall cause patents to be issued
Ur the State, "conveying to said State
the fee-simple of said land." The stat
ute itself plainly declares that the
patent issued by the Government of
the United States shall convey a title
in fee simple and this Is the full equiv
alent of declaring that the title is pass
ed by the patent without condition.
But the second paragraph quoted en
joins upon the State the policy of ap
plying the proceeds derived from the
t^ale of the land to the reclamation of
the land? themselves by the construc
tion of levees and drains.
PROVISION XOT MANDATORY.
The provision that the proceeds of
the sale snould be applied exclusively,
so far as necessary, to the reclamation
"f the swamp lands was advisory and
r.ot mandatory-. This statement must
be accepted as conclusive since the act
itself declares that the Government
patent conveys "to the said State the
ff-e simple of the land" Any reserva
tion or exception on the part of the
Government was necessarily cut off by
the issue of the patent, while at the
fame time it may be freely admitted
that the whole transaction has the col
or of a grant foT purposes of reclam
ation. This is. however, not to be con-
Ftrued as a declaration that such
reclamation is a condition precedent
to.^the receipt of title or that the fail
ure to reclaim shall work a forfeiture
of such title.
Jlegisii ar of Voters Gives
Instructions to Deputies
Regarding Precinct Work
MICH LGAN HAS H0N01I
James B. Eads, the distinguished hy
draulic engineer, who was brought to
this State by the commissioners ap
pointed under the act of April 23, 1880,
in an able and exhaustive report de
clared that the multiplication of chan
nels reduced the drainage capacity of
a stream.- He showed that the division
of the channel of a stream augmented
the friction which resists a current,
whereas confining the stream to a
single adequate channel induced the
formation of a hydraulic prism, which
is the form insuring the maximum of
flow with the minimum of friction.
The revival of past theories i3 ac
companied' by a proposition to con
struct what was known as the Monte
zuma canal. This means a canal from
Greys Bend, above the mouth of Feath
er River on the Sacramento, through
the Yolo-Solano x Tule Basin and
through a canal cut through the Mon
tezuma Hills into Suisun Bay. This
proposition underwent the most rigid
engineering inquiry at the expense of
the State and at the hands of Engineer
Smith, whose experience as a hydraulic
engineer was acquired in the service
of the British Government in India
when the national irrigation systems
of that country were constructed. His
report condemned the scheme as
wholly impracticable. While the rea
sons for this conclusion were retained
in the popular mind, the Montezuma
canal was deemed an impossibility. Its
specter rises as the invaluable litera
ture relating to it is forgotten.
The propositions now brought for
ward are prompted by the most pub
lic-spirited and patriotic motives.
From the standard of motive, they are
worthy of the highest commendation.
They are not amenable to the charge
of having been mooted by individuals
or any class of individuals, or promot
ed by any special class of property
owners, but they violate the maxim
that the present must be a continuation
of the settled principles and ascer
tained knowledge of the past if it is to
have profitable continuity with the fu
ture. In the evolution of the policy of
reclamation there is in existence a
copious literature. In 1874, acting un
der the instruction of the government
and in pursuance of joint resolution of
Congress, the government engineers
made 1 a - hydrographic survey of the
State of California. This survey was
conducted by Colonel Alexander, under
whose Immediate direction the data
was compiled and the Invaluable maps
drawn. The report treated the whole
subject of irrigation, reclamation and
drainage. Its salient recommendation
was the construction of a canal skirt
ing the foothills between the moun
tains and the level land of the interior
basin and the transfusion and equali
zation of the flow of all the affluents
of the San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys. \
The report, of Engineer Smith with
accompanying maps on the Montezu
ma Hills canal: the report of James
B. Eads, special consulting engineer,
on the drainage of the Sacramento val
ley; the various reports of State
Engineer William Hammond Hall and
his assistant, C. E. Grunsky — these
with the reports of the State swamp
landi commissions at various times,
have' cost the State in the aggregate
nearly $500,000. It is a sad commentary
on the method in which these costly
instrumentalities of popular education
have been preseived that their irref
ragable conclusions are no longer a
guide to public opinion. ¦, .
mation by districts, and substitutes for
it a single reclamation system, embrac
ing all of the lands, reclaimed and un
reclaimed, in one general system.
Considerations of brevity forbid any
further examination of the propositions
which have been mooted in this paper.
The present purpose will have been ac
complished by calling attention to the
fact (hat with the revival of the old
abandoned theory of a general reclam
ation system or none, theories long
since relegated to disuse by scientific
inquiry are revived. For instance, the
idea of the multiplicity of channels as
a relief for maximum flood conditions
Is brought forward with all the com
placenqy that would be manifested if
the utter inutility of that method was
not far within the range of ascertained
knowledge.
ENGINEERS' TESTIMONY.
Fiftieth Anniversary of the
Party's Birth to Be Time
for 0 feat Demonstration
THE vast Importance of the reclamation of the Sacramento and
San Joaquin river lands led to the recent river convention
and the appointment of n committee to formulate practicable
measures. 1 Many members of that convention favored the proposal to
assess all the swamp lands alike for the cost of reclamation. This
plan is vigorously attacked by Mr. 31111s in the article printed below,
which will be found replete with cogent] reasoning, based on the
history of California reclamation work and the legislation and litijra
lion Uuit have covered half a century. Mr. Mills' noteworthy paper
will receive the attention it deserves from all who are interested in
the development of California's areas of overflowed lands.
Rights of State
Are Fixed by
Y Decisions.
REPUBLICANS
WILL REJOICE
W. H. MILLS SAYS THAT PATENTED SWAMP LANDS
CANNOT BE ASSESSED TO RECLAIM OTHER TRACTS
Subject of Great
Importance Is
Discussed.
THE SAN:. FRANCISCO/ .CALtty-MQN.DAY,; JULY ; 4, 3904,
7
AMUSEMENTS.
I I VUU HOUSE.
• t EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
GRAND II IT 'V J±. AT
MATINEE ** »— ' *-* ¦ 2
Bessie Tar.ru hill
¦ 8 4% (P& Vfe "* Baron Berthald
gj I fl jj B ArthurOunnincham
hh B n K H Si a John Dtinsmure
William Schuster
Pronenide Cir:le, 31 Floor, Saolten' Ftridlse
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c. f>Oc, 75c.
Seats Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILX. COMPANY
In a Superb Production of Clyde Fitch' s
Patriotic Drama,
FRIETCHIE
Next Sutday Mat. — Mr. Barnes of New York.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Summer Prices— 15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat In Orchestra. SO cents.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-SAT, JULY 4.
A Vaudeville Revelation!
Leisrh Brothers; Oillihan and Murray;
Green and Werner; Inez de "Wolf;
Valerie Berarexe and Company: Galla-
Rner and Barrett; John 7. Clark; The
Zarrow Trio, and A Trip Thronara
Italy. Shown in Orpneum Motion Pic-
tures.
Regular matine« Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 2."Sc
and 50c.
LAST DAYS OF
"THE MORMONS."
EXTRA— SPECIAL MATINEE JULY 4.
Commencing SATURDAY NIGHT. July 9.
A LUCKY STONE.
By Collla Davis and Frank M. Wltmark.
With thl* extraordinary cast:
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BATES.
GARRITY SISTERS.
RICE & CADY.
BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK,
BEN DILLON.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
Last times of Lionel Lawrence's "EIGHT
RADIUM GIRLS."
AMUSEMENTS.
•
AT f^ A T A T% Belasco A Mayar.
ALCAZAR rrss£
General Manager.
Commercing with SPECIAL.
INDEPEHDENCi: OAT KAT. TO-DAT.
One week— Regular Mats. Thurs. and Sat.
"WHITE 1 *"D THE ALCAZAR CCIH?An7(
WHITTLESEY...
Presenting John Drew's gucc'M.
OINE | H. V. ESMONDS COMEDY f
SUMMERS
r3/\"Y I Auttorof When W» Were Tw«nty-0r»
First a^jK-arance of Miss Marie Rawson.
Kvg., 25c to 7V. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. ?.">c to .Mw.
July 11— ¦WHITE WHITTLESEY In HEATtTS-
EASE.
Market street, near Elshth. Phone South K3.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
All TVeck — Tlcgular Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Theodore Krerr.cr's Latest and Greatest Sue-
1 WEDDED AND PARTED"
?Mrs the Emotions: Thrills the Soul!
Fascinates the Mind: Enchains the Interest'
Replete With KeaMsm of Gotham Life.
PRIfFS Evenings ICc to BOq
iniVLJ Matinees 10c, loo, 23<j
Next — ALOHO TUB MOHAWX.
A Splendid S&ow "Every Afternoon mad
Evening: in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON* THE
MZITZATUXU: ITLZCTSXC KAH.BOAD.
INSPECT CABARET TE LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHES-
TRION.
FIREWORKS TO-NIGHT!
AMATEUS HIOHT THUBSDAT.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE "ARfiO."
. Artmlaglon. tOc; Children. 5c. ' - : "* : j*.
PflhirA D °N' T fAf l- TO
rdidtc see the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
3Ilfl room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
fl~~~A PALM ROOM, the
UrSHQ LOUIS XV PA R-
uiuuu LOR. and the LA-
Hotels & E o s M. WRITltio
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
........___'^. - ._._._._J PBAGEBS ' _ _
I There Will Be Something
I Don't Miss It.
I ls| AI.TO«rS RELIABLE j
1 K* 1238- 1250 MARKET Sf.offJTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 4, 1904/
8
Box 1402,
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst b'.dg.. over Examiner entrance.'
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel.- Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
\
Eleven rooms;. brand new furnishings; house
just painted, inside and cut, and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable: good downtown
location; bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
¦ Twelve rooms, on Post et.; splendid location;
house Is like private home; large yard; offered 1
very cheap if sold soon; see this;
MARION GRIFFIN.
Some good houses, large and small, for
exchange.
Office building; all rented; clears $00 month;
very expensively furnished; everything new; 3-
year lease; for the same money no piece of
real estate in. Pan Francisco tvould return one-
half the interest this chattel property will
Vicld. MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest 80-room apartment-house in
San Francisco; every room light and sunny;
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished;
everything of the best; Ions lease; cheapesj
ront in th<? city for house of similar character;
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by 1 MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
If so get full particulars at office of one of
the best 40-room transient houses in S. F. ;
located In heart of most respectable transient
district; you are sure to make J2C0 to $300
net profit monthly and $3230 is all we ask.
LOOK AT THIS.
18 rooms; fine double bay-window hous»; well
furnished; clearing $C0 per month: price only
$CO0; actually -north and should sell for $1000.
130-room hctel: 9-year-lease at only $3 per •
room; new and modern • in every detail: ele-
gantly and substantially furnished; monthly
profits average over $500; buy now and be pre-
pared to take care cf the great crowds that are
sure to winter here. •
CALL at our office: 1000 hotel* and lodging-
houses to select from; we guarantee titles.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
op»i»ed at IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SI'ITmTALJSM. .
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader.-, V1\M Market St.. Gait House.
CLAinVOYA.Vl'S.
AA — Call at once and save |4. .
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DIJST1NE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charne If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. 1 tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reaoh the ereatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and lurk that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature eo you can
fascinate any one you deeirt-, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. in. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 320 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyaju and business medium. perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; Fhe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
\have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of lire; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45G9.
A^ MME. DE CASTRO.
Clairvoyant and Palmist.
$2 Reading This Week 60c.
A positive guarantee to tell the'past, pres-
ent and future; advice on ail affairs of life;
10 questions by mall $1; all troubles in life
consult roe. 2060 Market st.
A— Miss M. Wille. 830 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR, Egyptian rreeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m,j Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
. day evening, 6 to 8.. Phone -South 1141.
Mrs. A. II. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave. Tel. Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 25c up.(835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card r?ad-
. er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts: readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: plt-
ttngs daily. 444^. Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladief 25cT
cents 50c. 545 Minna st. '
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The "Weekly
Cull, lti pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carp*t3 and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate. S..' F.- Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market st. ; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDTNG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c ya^d. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1809 Har~
riron St.; Al cleaning: 3c. Teh Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Work*,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main .194. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props,
RUDOLPH & CO.. carprt-beatlnir works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
" CLOTHnro eekovatino. \
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1: scouring and
dyeing, Ben Marche. 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 7 44. -Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Malm 5680.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
$22 50^ — S ROOMS and bath; .furnished or un-
furnished. 137-Jullan ave., oft Sixteenth and
Mission sts. ' .
CURES BTTPTT7RE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st.; send for circular.
HENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— CannoiTbreak;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, BOc;
plates, ?5; full set; 'all- work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental 1 ajlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. <LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No. charge for extracting: when plates 'are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per Eet;-extractlng 50e: gas given.-
DR. . ' KNOX, dentist, now . located at the
Grant building, 1003- Market. 2d floor: all
• first-class dentistry at low prices. •
Paris Dental Parlors, »235~kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings.- 25c '
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR- CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,rl4, 1st
floor. Phjrtan bid.. 806 Market.' car. O'Farrell. ¦
GOLD fillings, :75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no '
. pain; open Sundays. . Dr.O.B.Hewitt204 Suttr.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly !
Call. 1C pages, ; sent . to any address In . the •
-' United .States or Canada one year for. $1, ¦
postage paid.'- ¦¦• . -'. - ¦- - ¦ « »¦¦ ' v
DRESSMAKERS AND SJ2A3I STRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— i
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS ; dressmaking or : will go : out ; '
>2 per day. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 1486.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art" a button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
THB^CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McN'AUGirr. Manager
\V. J. MART1X Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wieh.
Publication Office Market end Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
l>li%-wd by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mai! Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : M
I>AILT CALL <lnclud. Punfley). 1 year...$S.O0
JiAILY CALL <lnciu<l. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
t»AILY CALL— Ty Single Month 75c
FUNT>AY CALL. 1 Year 2.00
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year..... 1-00
roRrrrv really... *S.SO Per Year Extra
" r£>Bx;££ { Sunday. 4.1ft Per Year Extra
tTJeiAOh.. | w*ekly. 1.00 Per Y*ar Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
queeted.
Mtil subscribers in ordering change of a<3-
trttt *hou!d be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrotrpt and correct compliance with their re-
«ue«t- . • ,¦
OAKLAND OFFICE:
2016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
ti 48 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
fnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
£ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
T>'erthem Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel ; Palmer Houee.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building I
(Lcng Distance Telephone. •'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CATtLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
Corner Market and Third strKsts; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
300S Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
Cr? Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
»:30 p. in.
f-00 Hayes rtreet; open until 8:39 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
.CIS L^rkin street, open ur.nl 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open ustil JO p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; opea until
8 r. m.
JOfi Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
109<j Valenc.a street; cpea until 9 p. m.
>.-£:-: head corner Church and Duncaa streets;
cpen until B p. m.
JCorthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
S2C-Q Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. .•*-"-'
mei-:ti.>u xoticks.
ASTLT7M of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16. K T., fJ5 S-jttrr st. — Statrd
a-sesibly THIS EVENING at 8 V£2
o'clock. All fraters are courteously MB
invited. By order of the Commander. "
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Roy- n
eJ Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- W
ING. Business only.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
HERMAKX Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ®
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- VV
DAT) July 4, 1P04, at S o'clock p. m. AfS
By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
JJIESION Lodge No. ie9. r. and A. a
M. — OTflcers and members are hereby -%/V/*
notified to attend the funeral of our^^^
deceased brother. ALEXANDER RID-
BDOCK. from the hall of this lodge, MON-
DAY AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock. By
order of the W. M.
¦ R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
THE regular monthly
rrertlnjr oi the S&-
citty cf California. Pio- >%S*>Vf^ii' v ffl^l
neers v.r.i be hell on
p. B». A full attend-
ance is requested.
; J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
SHELL MOUND Park, Berkeley. . r>\.
MONDAY. July 4. l»O4. the twen- 3\, >t $1
ty-thlrd grand annual gathering xkX^c
and gamee. Scottish Thistle Club. *fc£?4i
The greatest exhibition cf Scottish and other
eports ever before witnessed on this coast
participated in by the greatest athletes cf
the world. Games for all nationalities open
to all comers. Introduction of new features.
Three thousand dollars in cash prizes, be-
rides handsome and ccstly medals for ama-
teur events. Don't fail to witnees the great
Irish Jig and reel and Cakewalk contests.
The amusing obstruction, three-legged and
eack races, beautiful and picturesque High-
land dancing by expert men, women and
children, exciting bicycle and foot races.
ercat challenge tu*-cf-war contest. Clan Fra-
•er vs. Thistle Club. cpeeiaJ event for 3 p
m. ; dancing in both pavilions throughout the
entire day end night; magnificent display of
fireworks in the evening. Let everybody
ccine. Amusements in abundance for alL
Murlc by first-class bands and corps of pip-
ers. Admission to the park, adults (day)
60 cents. <n1ght) 25 cents: children (day) *25
cer.ta. (night) 10 cents. Parties In Highland
cortun* admitted to park free. Buy your
ferry tickets for Shell Mound. .Great High-
land welcome for all.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
6OTJTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Fecretary. New York. June 15. 1904. No' ice
to stockholders. ™'
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice Is hereby given that the board of
directors cf the Southern Pacific Company
rt a meeting this day held, called a special
meeting of the stockholders of tald conipanr
to convene at the office of the company in
Beecmxort. Jefferson County. Kentucky Xn
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July ifl<>4
et 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time to consWW
• nd act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at eaid meeting in substantially the
term and to the effect following, vii-
"P^fcolved (1). that the capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be Increased on.
hundred million dollar* by Issuing one million
•dditionsl shares of the par value of one hun
«tr«-d dollars each."
"Received O>. that the said Increased stock
e-hall be preferred stock: thst the holders of
such preferred stock ehall be entitled to divt
tfends in each fiscal year at such rate not e*
eeedlng seven per cent per annum.' payable
*«ni-e.snua.!ly out of the net profits as shall
I* declared by the board of director*, herb™
eny dividend shall be declared on the eoram^?
»tock; that such dividends «h*ll be non^cumu
:«tlTe; that the holier* of such preferred ""ck
**ia!l not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
ether or further share of the profits of ih.
company; that, upon the dissolution of th#
company, voluntarily or otherwise the holder,
ef preferred stock shall be entitled I to hs«
their shares redeemed at par before tny di«
iribution of any part of the imu of the com-
pany •hall be made to the holders of the tcS-
tr.on stock: that raid preferred stock '•hall b»
Itsued and sold frctn time to time to "uch
e mounts and in euch manner as the board «r
directors may authorire and determlnV but
et not less than the par value of the shaji.-
that it shall b* convertible Into common sto^'
*h«re for «hare. at the option of tae holderm"
M any time: and thall be redeemaole «t thi
option of the company on or at any time atV»l
the first day of July. 1905. and befo-e the firs?
«»y or July. 1910. at one hundred and flftwn
dollar* per ehure." «««»
"Resolved (3). thst the board of director*
rh.ll be and they are hereby authorized to e™
tablleh. from tinre to time, and enforce all
»ucb rules and regulations respecting the la-
cue, eale. redemption and conversion of such
nock, not inconsistent herewith as in the
Judgment of the board may be 'necessary or
expedient.
For the purpose of such special meeting .the
rtock transfer books of the company will hi
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock n. m! *nd
reopened Thursday, July 21. 1904. e.t 10 o'clock
• - ' B>.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk. '
•THE annual meeting of the ttockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company
No. 229 Crocker building. City ¦»>.¦ County
of San Francisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the 8th day of February. 1!m>4. af
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of ejecting directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business aj
ma.y come before, said meeting.' Dated at
San Francisco. Cal.. January 23. ; 1304. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary. .
The above meeting adjourned until April
11th. ltK>4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. k, 1301. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
11th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m. •
April 11. 1804. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
U WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pifts, la wrapper, tor mailing. $1 per year
ess
. A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
i 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
, Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
• FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; nne chance for
summer outlns; also for winter shooting and
tisliing; completely' furnlshea and equipped
j tor housekeeping; automatic generator for
I making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
!>eopie over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
i — :
• FOR sale cr trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
i located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
i for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locxsmith business;
centra! location; established 9 years; rent
$:!(>; clears $00 to $100 per month; price $500;
must on account of other business.
CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
genera! jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and irial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x123, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class; on direct car
¦" line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000. ,
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
SALOON, 7 furnlehed rooms, corner, a snap,
fUOO:
Delicatessen, receipts $16 daily,.. 3 furnished
rooms, $550. 'I
Rooming-house, 16 rooms, clearing $125, cor-
ner, J500.
fj-room furnished flat, rent $23, $160.
Partner, commission office, a snap. $150.
. Grocery and bar, large stock, owner 9 years,
$20C0.
Branch bakery, opp. nchool, 4 living rooms,
?200.
Rooming-house, 15 rooms, clears $150, $1100.
Restaurant, clears $300, N. Market, owner
9 years. $1500.
Reetaurant. receipts $40 daily, a snap, $300.
Saloon, Market St., a snap,* $27uO.
6-rocm flat, oak furniture, no rent, $225.
Lady partner, manufacturing business, $1500.
E. McNULTY, 759 Market St.. room 14.
WANTED — To buy a grocery, either -with or
without bar; one that will stand close In-
vestigation. Address box 1402, Call.
FOR SALE — Hotel in Paso Robles. furnished
complete and paying a Rood profit. Address
for particulars, box 2680, Call office.
FOR SALE^ — General merchandise store at in-
voice. See WM. CLUFF CO., Wholesale
Grocers. San Francisco.
TEA and coffee route in San Francisco for
sale; a good class of customers and good
profit. Box 2CC0, Call office.
FOR SALE— Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean stock of goods; average business, $31 50
per day. Box 14C3, Call office.
CAXDT and notion store for sale In Ala-
meda : close to public school; good trade.
Address box 1409, Call office.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $00 a month; price $250. 632
Market, room 6.
FOR rale— Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars inquire
500 Third «t., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
MAN wants J.itXi: can make $2000 year easy.
Particulars, 30 Geary St., room 17.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average $22 -daily. Box 1482. Call office.
FOR SALE — A good paying hotel 'in Hay-
wards. Box 3573. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery store ln N East Oakland.
Box 2C37. Call office.
GROCERY rtorc In Oakland for sale; good lo-
cation. Particulars box 1464, Call office.
PARTNER— Lady or gentleman, to Invest 12500
In etock ranch. Address box 1459. Call.
FOR sale — Fine grocery, also liquors: parties
going East. Corner Duncan and Guerrero.
$350^ — DAIRY and delicacy store,- with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes st.
PAPER route for sale; 600 subscribers. Ap-
ply news agent. Point Richmond.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. j Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2C0 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar.
gain on account of sickness. •
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
103 rooms; cheap rent:, new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired;
rare chance for ripht parties; part cash, bal-
ance can bo paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rert only -$75; well furnished
little apartment -house; reduced to $1250.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date housp; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $CCO; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing, now ?000 per month; every-
thing first-claM condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city. -.',
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must -sell on
account of other business;, only with us.
14 rooms; rent only S57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close 'in;
clears $100 per month; $4CC0 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; o ak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms;' grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $000 per month;
close In; full nice -"people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing line business; will trade for large
apartment -house and pay cash difference. i
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease. .$3500
' SJ'i room*, ell men roomers, . low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000 t
HI rooms, rent only ?$55.. ....: 500
40 rooms, rent $70, 'transient..:.... ... 150O
81 rooms, rent $3 per room .3400
I Monty to loan on furniture at low rates.-
I EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
j MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market gt.
• .If you want to buy a house. or fiat on easy
f 'terms, large list to select from, try
| . _JMITCHELL & CO.
A— $3000: LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
- by owner 25 years; rent $200: lease; fine fur-
niture;' place clearing abov« $350 per month;
, vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box 2700,
Cfi'.l office.
FOR SALE— A fine hotel business with -bar;
at a good point on the railroad In Siskiyou
County; the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars address box , 1493, Call of flee. \\ ,
45-ROOM corner house;; $125 rent; steady and
transient trade; my. failing health only cause
of selling; Investigation desired. Box 2699
. Call office. . '. '
LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, for sale; pays
$75per month over expenses;- full air the
time. Box 2C63, Call office.
GOOD paying lodging-house. S2 rooms, for
sale; low rent.. Box 35S1. Call office.
A J*9 OMING -house for sale '. near Powell and
?4c, a: /^,, ro< i ms: rent *200; . lease. . etc." • Box
llsi. Call office. ¦ ?
HKLP WAXTEPj— MALE--Coa^ > ,
OPEX TO-DAY.
MONDAY. 7 A. M.
A— MURRAY & READY. .634-638 ClaT «.
Phone Main 5S43.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
We speak the German. French. ItaiiM.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish. Slavonian ana
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1904 We Hod* W
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60.WJU.
H« has arrived. ~~ Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government.
Work being done close to Wadsworth.
In State of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to all. to you.
Cost only $1 office fee.
Muckers. $75.
Teamsters. $75.
Laborers, $75.
Drillers, $00.
Concrete mixers. $73.
Call early; see representative at our office;
first-class food and accommodations; steady
job; crowds dally going; are you?
SANTA FE R. R.
Is good to us. We ara food to ywi.
10u0 Miles. FLORENCE. >10 3*
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. •• S » n. dally.
Drillers. $3 to $3 SO. CenteT
Teamsters. $2 to $2 80. of
Laborers. $2 to $2 50. Great Mine*
Don't be stingy with rour distance: gtt
closer to Los Anxelet.
The laad of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
where men can work every day at big wages.
CSS teamsters.
$6O month, for you.
FARE (by railroad) ONLY $4 80.
OFS1CE FEE $1— THAT'S ALT*
These came at midnight by phone, t«!»-
graph, special mall delivery:
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop -work, fare $1. easy and good,
I $33 and found.
Butcher, young man. shop and wijon, far*
70c. $30 and found.
Butcher, slaughter work, ranch, tar* $1 23,
f30 and found.
COOK9.
Bell boy. city. $23 found.
Waiter for a mine. S. E.. $25 found.
Laundrytnan, hotel, plain work. $25 fouad.
Night cook. camp. 10c fare. $45 found.
3 cooks, boarding hotels, $40 and $55 found.
Tamale maker, country Job. $40 and found.
Cook's helper, for a mine, $30 and found.
4 dish and pot washers^ $25 and $30 found.
WAITERS.
Waiter, first-class city hotel, $33 found.
Walter, northern hotel, boss here. $30 found.
Waiter. 80c fare. $30 found.
Walter. $1 75 fare. $3 week and found.
3 waiters, city hotels. S. F*.. $30 found.
Bedmaker. country hotel. $22 50 found.
6 Dorters and b»ll boys.
LAUNDRY HELP.
Sleev* lroner, country, faro $1 23. $8 w*ek.
Body lroner country, fare $1 25, $10 week.
Polisher.
Man for. second-hand furniture store. $80 t*
$10O.
MECHANICAL
Painter, carriages, wagons, fare $1 20, $30 fd.
Carpenter, city Job, $C day.
Shingle Jointer. L. Co., Sonoma. Co.. $30,
$35 found.
Plasterer, mix mortar, city, $3 day.
Ironmolder. fare $1. foundry. $3 to $3 80 day.
Blacksmith. Northern California $3 day.
Blacksmith. Marin County. $45 to $5O found.
2 blacksmith helpers. $40 found.
4 plumbers, $4 day. country: sticker hand. $4.
CARPENTERS.
2 earoenters, fare $1 60, $3 30 day.
Carpenter, plain work, city factory, $3 3*
day.
¦Wheelwright, carriage works. $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 90c.. $4 day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber com-
pany.
Gang edgennan. lumber company.
Spooltender. lumber co., south, $50 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
6 sash and door hands, $3 50 day.
2 lumber g-aders, boss here, $9O.
Sticker hand, city Job. $3 50 to $4 Oar-
Lumber grader, boss here, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 found.
Boss woodman, north, boss here. $80 found.
Gang edgennan, lumber company, $75.
Head donkeyman, ?G0 found.
Logger who understands rigging, $60 found.
Logger, Dolbeer donkey, $75 found.
5 men make stakes and spilt staves, red-
wood, boas here. $5O fd. ; 2 screw turners.
Ox teamster. $5O found; 2 carriage setters;
hook tender; 3 shingle packers; sticker:
hand; 23 laborers; lumber company; you'U
suit.
133 woodchorpers.
135 tie and Dlcket makers.
Tools, provisions, all found; good prices.
MISCELLANEOUS JOBS.
Man run separator, 12 cows, boss here, $33
found.
Laborer, do little butchering, mine, $32 50
found.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES,
12 milkers, $30. $35 found.
12 farmhands, $3O found.
14 choremen. boys, $3u to $19 found.
12 stablemen. $30 found. $60. $73.
LABORERS — TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and tenmsters. $2 and $2 23 day.
6 laborers, factory. $GO.
12 laborers for mines, you'll suit. $30 found.
4 miners, different mines.
MARP.IED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer Co., $50 fd
4 farmers and wives, $40. $50, $60 found.
FOR A MLNE.
Choreman and wife. German or French, $CO
MURRAY * READY.
634-63C Clay st.
PLANING and sawmill. Box factory.
65 boys or young men. $60 month.
33 men: no experience wanted for men or
boys: $«O; steady jobs; call early.
MURRAY &. READY. tt34-63tS Clay st.
4 CARPENTERS, city. $3 to $4 day.
Carpenter, mine, rold quartz, $3 50 day
LOOK.
Butcher, southern town, fare J2 60, $10 fd.
Milker, Colusa County. $40 found.
Gang of charcoal burners. 10c to 13c sack.
FOREMAN. -
Foreman, mine shaft work. $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
SACKSEWER, city factory, $2 r>0 day
LAINDRY, FARE $1.
Foreman. $10 to $1S week; lroner. $12 week*
mansle hands. $10 week; marker and dist.*
$15 week. *
LUMBER.
Gang- edgerroan and grader. 5 saws. $2 30 di»
Tail edcenran. fare %\ $2 23 day.
6 lumber pliers, fare $3 50, $2 23' day.
Swamper lo r woods. $50- and found.
4 laborers, woods, Sonoma Co.. fare 1*» "V
$30 and found. *" "**
BRICK YARDS.
12 laborers, brickyard, fare $1, $60.
4 wh-elers. fare $1. $60.
3 brtcksetters. fare $1, $75.
12 laborers, near city. $6O
SPECIAL."
Carpenter, don't need tools |2 day ti.
Blacksmith, tool sharpener, mine. $45 fd.
FREE FARE — WAITERS
2 extra waiters. Santa Cruz, $:: 30 day fd.
2 watt-rs. fare $2 10. same place. $43 fd.
Cook, ranch, fare $1 10. S3O fd. •
Butcher, slaughter, ranch, fare $1. $3O fd
Man and wife, private family, chores, cock,
$50 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
. dry goods wrapper. Apply between » and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS'. "
WANTED — Experienced wash goods salesman
Apply between ft^.nd U a. m. « HALE
GOVERNMENT positions-Call at 923 Golde^
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information V*
to positions, salaries, age llmltsete • d«
or evenlnss. ¦ * • a *'
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
'.;.-.. , ALL'
Men to learn tt* BARBER TRADE- nn»»
eight weeks required; positions £c,2id- c^n!
.tant practice and expert InetrucUod^sWe^ul
offer and catalogue mailed fr»«_ pwl "
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEQeV 633 Clay st.
BARBERS of Local 143 take notice— The eleel
all must attend. JOS R. rLEILY Sec
3HI111
WANTED— Man to do Janito* work r™. k."
tuition to 8. F. Barber School uVa Howard?
BLACKSMITH helper that can drtYe shoes lift
and found. J. h. DUTCHrXViv^'.t 0
B 42 raff?t. t0 TOB €rrand ?- San^Tia^:
"con^f£ ch £ "* ««*»,t»*. *¦• «* ,5
MEETIXG NOTICES — Continued.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety foe the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY, July 18. 1904, at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLEROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted to. sell our high-grade nur-
eery stock; liberal commission; ctfsh advanced
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
not necessary If you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chlco, Nursery Co.. Chico. Cal.
ANY man or woman of good address can
make good income by investment of energy
and Intelligence; openings in San Francisco
and throughout California; state what you
have been doing; especially good for B. & L.
agents. Addrees box 14M. Call office.
; BUSINESS getters, acquainted with B. and
L. insurance or co-operative Investments,
looking for betterment, call and s<« me.
Mc-GARVIE. S3 Columbian b!dg..916 Market.
WANTED— Good huFtlfrs for powerful com-
pany to place contracts. Call Callaghon bldg.,
room 514, 1312 Market Et.
DETECTIVES throughout State as agents for
Golden Gate Detective Agency. 759 Market st.
ATTOKXEYS-AT-LAW.
G. W HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free en all legal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: r.o pay in advance; mining com-
panies organized; patents obtained; wills, deeds,
collection*; detectl\ee employed.
R. W. KINO, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15 ,
years; all cases, general court and office
practice ; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis slTiS
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, wallers, widows and orphans oa Pa- |
cine Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Cost?. $12; quick, quiet! advice
free; all law business; no charge unless euc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce ccsts $12; no fees or
costs in advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market et.: consultation
I free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
APToaioEriiSS.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automcbiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or sell second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine, thone South 702
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
AU7'OMOBILE for sale cheap; 3-seater: car-
ries nine persons or more; 25 horsepower; in
perfect order. For particulars inquire of W.
J. WEATHERLY, 20 Fremont st.
¦WHITE touring car. used a few weeks; com-
plete top, clocks, gas lamps, etc.; must be
sold; owner leaving. Apply 513 16th, Oakland.
MUST sell; automobile In perfect running or-
der; a bargain; owner leaving. Central Park
Automobile Co.. 11S5 Market st.
ArTOMORILE for pale (Dcs a Dos); good run-
ning- condition. Box 1411. Call office.
AN auto car. S h. p.. for sale;' first-class or-
der: Box 3576, Call office.
THOMAS tonneau car (gasoline) for eale. Box
2G13. Call office.
FOH SALE — A Crest mobile. 1904 (gasoline).
Box 1475, Call office.
FOR SALE: — A gasoline runabout. Box 1402
Call office.
KNOX automobile for 6a!e; good running or-
der. Box 2e90. Call office.
WILL sell an Oldsmoblle In good order for
$350. Box 1435. Call office.
FOR SALE — Cadillac automobile with tonneau-
price $500. Box 1455, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ASTHMA MMEDT.
A. Dl No!a's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
!y: IQe. 25c. BOc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BO^PISGjfOft CHILDKEy.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will boarO
and care for children from . birth upward;
references; reasonable terms. 1739 Mllvia st
Berkeley: phone Dana 661.
GERMAN woman wants children to board 100
Leavenworth st., bet. Turk and G. G. ave.
ONE or two children; room for parent. 642
Jessie st. ¦
DALY & CURRAN. secor-i-hand booksellers^
removed from 206 Powell st.. to 857 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~~
A— $650: SALOON, with 8 rooms. In West
Berkeley; rent $20; location first-class; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 26 >a
Kearny st. . •
A— $2250; VaRTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons In this city;
dally receipts about ?40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease: net rect $35; location
first-class and a fine paying business: will
Ftand fullest Investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 % Kearny gt.
A— $1COO; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150: lease: place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A — $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny et.
A— $1700; HOTEL ¦ with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms: piano, *tc. : finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 20 '4
Kearny at. ,
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3 -year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock -of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — $450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall:
B-yesr. lease; splendid business opening. S»e
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny Et.
A— $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter St.;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $4S; elegant
Jlxtures._See_R. G^WILKE.26% Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! RoadhoueeT Road"-
hou*e! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying resort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny Ft.
A— $3000 — ELEGANT barroom. xyltl\ mercaiT-
tlie lunch; on Montgomery Et.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner See R G.
WILKE.. 26% Kearny gt. •
A— $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best loca-
tion In the Mission; rent $15. See R G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner cleare about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE 26'^
Kearny et.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 bed*:
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25-
good paying place. R. G. Wllke. 26% Kearny.
WANTED — If you have real estate. Improved
or 'unimproved; lodging-house, grocery, sa-
loon, butcher ehop. delicatessen, branch bak-
ery, cigar stand en- a place of business of
any kind for sale, list It with THE REAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 418-419 Calla-
ghan building.
$5OO-$5O00— GROCERY and bar; bargalneT
r.V.O-SiS.OOO — Salcons end restaurants. '
$25O-$I0O0— Delicatessen; branch bakeries. 1
S1000-$12.000— Rcadhouses and ranches I
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny «t •
$2»ki— PARTNER; must lie respectable and •
sober; good business; wholesale butter,' eggs I
and cheese route; sales $15o a day: give ref-
erence and what you have been dolnjr; will
give trial. Address box 3204. gall office.
GROCERY store, well stocked and everything •
complete for a first-class grocery business;
will sell low and on • terms to ¦ suit on ac-
xxnint of retiring from business. Address
box 1430. Call office. '.
BAKERY, with an 'oven of 500 loaves capacity;
win rent for $18; fine location: the only one
in that part ot town. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
1250 — RETIRING partner's interest in paying
commission .business; ¦ established ' 1884: re-'
malnlng partner reliable man. . Box 2647. Call.,
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must' be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226.
Call office. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSE for jale; 27 rooms; all
light and sunny; fine location; > rent 8110.
, Box 1412, Call office. •
THE WANT COLUMNS Or THE CALL E AS^^^^ 122^
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let, us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
-trouble. . Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239
Geary st.. on the square.
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat; sunny comer:
0 rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars. \
CENTRAL ave.. 71— Sunnkst. cheapest. up-t<v
date flat: 6 larxe rooms nrd bath; must be
seen to be appreciated; $28.
$18— 6 ROOMS and bath; high basement!
sunny all day; 220 Thirtieth st. PATTER-
SON. Examiner building.
NEW corner flats, close to park; 6 rooms;
bath; tinted; all sunny. $27 00. B st. and
Fourth ave.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath «nd basement.
2023 Fifteenth »t.. near Church; rent $25.
BROADWAY. 1255, n*ar Hyde — Neat sunny
flats, « large room?, $11.
CLAYTON. 619}i, near Halght— Lower 3
rooms; rent cheap; 3 blocks from G. G. Park.
EIGHTH ave.. 1229 (Sunset) — Lower floor of t i
large rooms; chicken house: $14.
FELL, 3S2, near Octavia — Modern sunny lower
j flat, 5 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1124, corner— 7 rooms, all light
and large; modern; upper story; rent $4t>.
FLATS to let or furniture for scje, near Park.
Write KROFF, 5 New Montgomery st.
HAIGHT, 45!), near Flllmore — Flat of 4 sunny
room*, yard and basement; rent $15.
HAIGHT, 371 — Upper Cat. 7 sunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
MA SONIC ave., 1317, nr. Waller— Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper flat, 7 rooms, bath; reas.
MINNA. 735V.. near NJnth— Fine flat, 8 rooms
and bath; cheap. -f
SUNNY lower flat; B rooms and bath; 1133
Green gt.. half a block from Hyde-st. cars.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; large yard. 714 Natoma
St., near Ninth.
TO LET— 2.116A Polk st.; modern upper flat, 4
rooms and bath.
4-ROOM and fi-room modern cor. sunny flats'
ail light; $22 50-$37 50. 21tn and Valencia.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagfs, sent to any address in the
LnitPd States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — FtKMSHED.
THE Lorenzo. 41 Octavh»^T^e~lTchte^tr^eTt
arranged flats in the city; one 3 and one 4
rooms, private bath; convenient location;
summer rat»«.
HAIGHT. ,1208. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
—Elegantly furn'rted flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and Is situated in
select neighborhood.
AN elegantly furnished, eunny apartment flat.
near Van Ness ave: six rooms. Box 317S. Call.
FLATS FOR SAI.K — Fl'RMSHED.
FOR SALE— Furnished flat of T rooms and
bath; down town. Box 1427. Call office.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale; nearly
new: rent $27 50. Bcx 3590, Call office.
GP.EATEST bargain In city; 6 rooms, bath;
Piano optional. 2570 Market st.
FtRMTtJHE FOR SALE. ~~
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell. "
Andet.on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnlshes" everything for the house; low prices
FOR SALE— Several carpets in good condition
Bcx 1419. Call office.
FOR SALE — A chiffonier nearly new. Address
box 3591. Call, office.
FURNITURE of 5- room flat for sale. Box
2670. Call office. '
FURNITURE, -toves. bought. »old, exchanged.
Barrer. 4.10 Valencla.nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3379
Fl'ttXlTCRE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jnsle 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nifj re. carpets. rtc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A — WANTED — Girls to l*arn halrdressinc.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught' from A to Z
in 2 wc?k«; tuition $5 to tho«e entering now;
8 positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in Wet) 2.T3 Geary St.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
Halrdressing. manicuring, maasage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous l.alr; $5 2
wks.: day, eve. class; positions secured, highest
wnges. Removed from 1230 Mkt. to 13a Powell.
SKILLED and unskilled help. Central Laun-
dry Co.. 411 Shotwell st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p.m., Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS*.
WANTED^ — Experienced demonstrators: perma-
nent position; this ad. will only be in until
Wednesday.. 078 A Geary st.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing Immediately,
bcx 3163. Call of flee.
WANTED — Lady who understands music;
salary $900 per year; first-class references
required; university society. Box 1433, Call.
GIRL for general housework. 1009 Mission st.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.F.
HELP WANTED HALE.
A^RA^FIC^EM^pTbYMENT^AGEXCY.
Phone Main 1101. 633 Commercial it.
Nevada, the land of big wages.
Look: Teamsters. $2 S7 a day; laborers,
?2 50; concrete men, $2 50; drillers, $3 15;
the boss 1« here and gives you written guar-
antee your fare back in 10 days.
Florence. Arlx.
Ship Tuesday; big wages; fare $10 CO; see
us If you want to go.
Clark R. R.'
Special car going Tuesday; come and Join
them; fare $4 CO. ,
FREE FARE.
20 laborers, $CU; long Job; only 8 hours*
work.
ELECTRIC R. R,
New work; 10 laborers and teamsters, $60:
12 laborers, quarry work. 50c fare. $2 20
day: 30 woodchoppers, see boss here, 4-ft.
wood. 51 50, cord; steady work: tools fur-
nished: man to appoint agents, $65 and all
expenses; stenographer, $60; milker. $35; 10
ranch hands, $30.
~~ . HORD & SMITH, ~P
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
This is the best offer made yet.
Teamsters $2 80
Laborers %z so
And the boss Is here and gives you a- writ-
ten guarantee to refund your fare in ten. (10)
day*. Take advantage of this offer, for it
may not last long.
RED CROSS- EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
602 Clay st.; phone James 2476.
2(» laborers In mountains, %'i 25 day.
2 ripsaw men, box factory, $2 70 day.
2 resaw men. box factory, $3 day.
NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teamsters, drillers, muckers, laborers, $3 to
$2 80 day.
ANDRE'S office. S17 Stockton St.; office closed
July 4 ; dpens Tuesday. 5th. 8 a. m. : wanted,
cooks. $12 to $15 a week; waiter. $.. to $12
a week; dishwashers, kitchenhands. vegeta-
blemen. ?23 to $30; second cook. . Nevada.
fare paid. $40; groom. $30; gardener. $30.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, r.' 12.
¦- Cook. ?00; bellboy. $22 50; waiter, nurses-
hall. *3o. r - -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« • Montgomery, r. 12.
Night watchman, $25; cafe waiter, $40. '
SKILLED and unskilled help. Central Laun-
dry Co.. 411 Shotwell st.
WANTED^-2 flrst-cl*aa carpenters *t 2138
' Fillmore st.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
§ turned ¦ to ¦ take active management. Com-
bined course, (5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bldg 723
-Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. • On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
Bt., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better licht: finest In the West,
come and sec. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEQH.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 6C2 Van Ness; finds, employment:
day. ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
n?. R. H. WEBSTER, Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — B30kke,eplr.g. shorthand. . touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night ge»»l<jna: illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGK.1435 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
' complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adult*. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S6I. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. ;
ARITHMETIC, algebra, bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day. eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 923 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK, i
experienced teacher, 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
YOUNG German /wishes to learn English;
I-lease state particulars. Box 3179, Call.
KENT Law School; day and i^sht; send for
particulars. 53'! Parrctt building.
A URaNCH office of The Call for the reception
ff ftivertlsfments .ind subscriptions has been
opened et 1CCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Opt until 11 p. m.
EM PIDYMRNT OFFICES."
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. SV.0 Sacramento. Tel. James 52«1.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^Japanese-
Chlntse'help. 426 Powell tt.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment oTflce— Best help~a~t
Leon Seung's. 411 y, O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best hcly. Fritz Tamagaklirncr.; tel Dush S3'J.'
RELIABLE Japane*e-Chlne5e Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years.
Tel. Main If>n7. BRADLEY fc CO.. «H0 Clay.
K M 1* I .O V M !¦: N T WA.ViKO KK^lAl.K. !
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day; -
washing, ircning or sweeping; $1 50 and car-
fare. Address box 3203, Call office.
NURSE masseuse would like position to wait
on Invalid, or would take confinement cases;
would not object to leaving city: references;
terms reasonable. Box 1495, Call.
SWEDISH woman wants dally work washing
and cleaning. Address MRS. HUGHES. 27
Lisbon st.
SWEDISH woman, wllllnsr to work, wisl e* a
if,» hours' work by the day. lit California
»ve .. d«T.n tairs.
A YOUNG woman would like work by the
day. Address box 1470. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of children
during vacation. 1543 Fifteenth ave.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day as
housecleaner. Cox 3175. Call ofllce.
A SWEDISH girl wants position to do general
housework; wages $25. Call at 41 Clara st.
JAPANESE girl wants a position to do plain
cooking and housework. 534 Castro st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscri; Mons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMrLUV.NlCVr U'AATE1>— JIALlfi.
GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly com-
petent in all branches of horticulture; un-
der glass and outside; 8 years In last posi-
tion; with best of recommendations. Box
1451. Call office.
MECHANICA'L draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, IS years' experience mining
stationary, marine, power plants, factories,
wants position or work at home. Box Slttl
Call office.
A NON-UNION English-American wishes
place as steward, butler, 'janitor or waiter,
or In any other like capacity; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; reasonable wages ex-
pected. Box 3174, Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, sober, steady, un-
derstands his business, wants work; S3 day.
Box 14S5. Call office. ,
A FIRST-CLASS hotel steward; thoroughly
experienced; American and European plan;
best of references; Eastern and California
houses. Box 3154, Call 'office.
YOUNG colored man. thoroughly experlecvil,
wishes position as elevator operator; public
0 l-uilciliifj or hotel; temperate; -does not uam-
ble. Box 2&45, Call. '
MARRIED man wishes situation as manager
or foreman of dairy or ranch; long experi-
ence; can give best of references. Box 8101
Call office. ¦ r
MAN and wife; man good camp cook, wife
general work around tamp. ¦ H. R.. 604 H
Third st., room 10.
WANTED — By an elderly man, work around
saloon; understands bai tending. Box 3151
Call office.
YOUNG man. first-class penman, wants po-
sition as assistant bookkeeper in city. Box
149C. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants place to help around
wholesale house; drive light delivery; handy
1 with tools. II., 615 Larkln st.
COACHMAN, steady young man, wishes situa-
tion; good: gardener; can milk; good refer-
ences. . Box 1443. Call. ,
POSITION as stock clerk in wholesale house
Box 1425. Call. ¦
POSITION wanted as Janitor. Box 1400, Call.
WANTED — Position as salesman. 116 Fourth
street. ¦
LOCKSMITH desires , work. 31114 Jessie st.
•YOUNG gentleman wants po«ltlon; will do any
kind of work. Box 1456, Call office.
POSITION wanted' by man and wife as cooks
in hotel, or camp. Box 1472. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook In
family; .single. 735 Jackson st.
WANTED — Position as bartender. Apply CARL
MACKART. Prescott House. .
BELL or elevator boy; experienced Japanese
wants situation at any time. ITO. 807 Polk.
Painter, p&per-hanger. slgnwriter. wants work-
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st.; phone Mint 131.
YOUNG Japanese centle boy wishes situation
housework; wages $6 a week. Address YAMA
210G Fillmore st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as a
houseworker. Japanese Mission Home 22
, Prospect place, city; tel. Jones 1391.
A YOUNG Christian Japanese boy wants posl-
. tlon of any kind In a small family. M
YAMAKAWA. Y. " M. C. A., 121 Halght Et.
JAPANESE, understands English, French and
Chinese, recently arrived, wishes position to
c"r> work in nice family; $5 week. 371 Bush.
AN experienced , Japanese for general house-
work only ? wants a position ; ?25 to ?30
rocnth. JOHN KADOWAKI,' 1026 Polk st.
A JAPANESE good boy wants situation as
* schoolboy or housework-r in family. M.. 744
Post st. ; ¦ tel. Sutter 1731.'
JAPANESE wants work, morning or evening. 6
¦'-. Pratt place, off California St.. city.
JAPANESE boy wants' to care for garden- and
horsa.ln country. M. M,. .725 Geary st., S. F.
A' JAPANESE wants a position as a schoolboy.
T. KUWA. 254 O'Farrell St., .
A' JAPANESE boy wishes situation; housework
«or kitchen help. KENTOO. , 2567 Market - st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.- 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established at 109«
Valencia »f _' -. .- ¦
t "rlt* .* ' FIJVAXCIAL. ." /" "
BLOCK of Greth's .airship stock. " lOOOMiharea
. " or * part at a sacrifice : BOc • a ¦ share, on ac-
count of leaving. E. McNULTY. - 753 Mar-
\.«v. room 14. .THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, JULY 4, 1004.
9
REAL ESTATE — Conn try — For Sale.
A COUNTRY home, situated - In Sonoma Co -
fine location for raising poultry, being close
to markets; consisting of 10 acres of choice
Improved land, 8 acres In orchard. mo«tly
winter apples; good house, big barn, brooder
and chicken houses and all necessary farm
implements. For further Information inquire
at 235 Eighth St.. 3d floor. San Francisco.
J'OI VT 1»£HMO> t» KI3A L KViMiK.
1 FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash
Apply 328 Bush st. th^rd floor, room 4.
MILL VALLEY AD V'ltT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY nEAL KSTATri.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; see the lota right at the station we are
soiling so fast.
Prices $400 to $000 each.
. Terms, 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly
All the lots are large; grand home sttes
amidst pleasant surroundings; beautiful views
of mountains and the bay; the climate un-
equaled; splendid opportunity ror an Invest-
ment; land values bound to increase as Mill
Valley is rapidly coming to the front;' the new
electric road has shortened the time to 10
minutes from this city; Mill Valley has all
the conveniences of the city; fine supply of pure
mountain water, good sewerage and drainage
electric lights, stores, churches and schools'
and In fact all conveniences; lots beautifully
wooded. Send for our n«w Illustrated book
i descriptive of Mill Valley. We have an ofnee
¦ open Sundays and holidays.
! • LYON r. HOAO.
j 11C Montgomery st
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
AIAMEDA BOOMS AND BOABD.
CENTRAL ave., 1541. Morton station, narrow
gauge — Newly furnished sunny room, board.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room bay-window cottage, porcelain
bath, large pantry, tiled sink, folding doors,
pretty mantel, tinted walls, gas and electric
light fixtures; street work done; concrete
walks around house; large lot; 2 blocks to
It. R. station; 2 blocks to school, church
and stores; price $2250; terms $500 cash,
balance $2i> monthly; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorln station. South Barkeley.
BIG bargain— House, 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
brick foundation, windmill and tank, chick-
en-houses, stable, fruit trees, large flower
garden; lot 75x130; street work done; good
location for residence; price $3230; terms
$lfKK) cash: balance same as rent. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Open Sundays. Lorln station.
South Berkeley.
HERE'S your chance — 5-room cottage, bath,
pantry; city water; also well water: wind-
mill and tank; chicken-houses, fruit trees,
flower garden: lot 50x133; street work done:'
concrete walks around house; 3 blocks to
station, both ferries, school, church, electric
cars and stores: price ?2230; terms $300
cash, balance ?20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Open Sundays. Lorln station.
South Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, nicely furnUhed cot-
tage of 6 rooms; everything complete, ready
to mov« In; near Key route ar.d local train;
one block from Shattuck ave. ; price $1350.
Address F. A., Berkeley Postoffice.
$1X30 — Choice corner lot, east on Grove:
52x137; fine location: two blocks to station.
Address 2530 Grove st.. East Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
#-niJITVALK HUM. ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $23<X)
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac.; within Vi block 5450
Half block adjoining R. R. proj»orty $2600
Buy where values "are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A.. BAILEY, 1058 University ave.,
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SHOULD GO OFF
BETTER THAN FIREWORKS.
LINDA VISTA DISTRICT.
FINE LARGE TWO-STORY HOUSE OF 8
ROOMS. WITH LARGE LOT, ON THE VERY
BEST PART OF VERNON ST. HOUSE 13
NEWLY PAINTED AND INSIDE WILL BE
PAPERED ANrt TINTED TO SUIT PUR-
CHASER. COST OVER $5000, BUT $4000
WILL BUY IT.
JAS. S. NAISMTTH,
634 THIRTEENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
OAKUM) FURNISHED IIOUSE9.
WALSWORTH ave.. 410— $35; modem, new;
rare chance.. Apply at house.
OAIvLAND FURNITURE FOR SAlS
TO-MORROW th* day frr bargains in furni-
ture. H.Schellhaaa.llth st..cor,store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advcrtisemts.
BROADWAY, 1132— Two sunny^"7urnished
rooms, front parlor and kitchen, new: bath
and gas. gas stove and coal stove. $14.
BUCHANAN, 1510— Sunny front furnished
housekeeping rooms.
BUSH. 2120 — Two*furnlshed rooma complete for
housekeeping. .
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Housekeeping and other
rooms; also single rooms for gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA, 1304,-Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; connecting: reas. ;no chdn.
CHURCH, 126, near Market— A floor of 3 sun-
ny unfurnished rooms; regular kitchen.
CLAY, 1420,' near Leavenworth — 1 large sunny
rm.'well furn. complete housekeeping, 'water.
EDDY, 50ft— Large room, nicely furnished for
light housekeeping; running water.
ELEVENTH. 124A — 2 sunny fur. housekeep. ;
front parlors; gas stove; bath; $3 00 week.
ELLIS, 605 — Sunny housekeeping rooms. $12;
also single rooms, $6 and $7.
ELLIS 773 — Part of a newly furnished mod-
ern flat cheap; gas range, bath, phone.
ELLIS, 1178 — Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
bath, phone, etc.; rent $2O; no children.
ELLIS. 1178— Sunn© front alcove and kitchen:
gas range, bath, phono; no* children.
ELLIS. 1225— Handsomely furnished suits, with
i kitchen; also nice single, room; very reas.
FILBERT. 1219 — 2 ' unfurnished rooms; refer-
ences: half block Hyde-st. cars; $10.
FIRST, 22S, near Howard — 5 sunny rooms for.
housekeeping;, business location; rent moder-
ate. I
GEARY. 1806 — Unfurnished double parlor;
housekeeping; sun all day.
HAIGHT, 3 — 2 rooms furnished light house-
keeping.
HAIGHT, 218— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences.
HAIGHT. 222—3 nicely furnished housekesp-
lng rooms for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4, 7-9 p. m.
HAIQHT, 234, cor. Buchanan — Two eunny
suites of 2 and 3 rooms; furnished house-
keeping rooms.
HAIGHT, 322— 2 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping: .rent $18.
HARRISON, 748— $10 to $12 suites, completely
-furnished; gas stoves; laundry; quiet home.
HARTFORD, 70, near Eighteenth— 2 large
sunny front unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping in new flat.
HOWARD. 710%— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
adults; respectable; no transients.
HOWARD. 1054 — Nice sunny front and back
parlor; also housekeeping rooms..
JACKSON. 1220. near Jones — 2 or 8 nicely fur-
. nlshed rooms for. housekeeping.
JESSIE, ,333 — Large sunny front parlor; fur-
' nlshed; gas range; $3 50 week; other rooms.
FOR ANY NEED AS THE LARGEST II V V /p \ JTT j~S j F=""T"\ / f\¥=- IVI p-H^M 7T\ ! f\ I C «=•
DEPARTMENT STORES PiAVt V/\IVIL I Y \Jl I I LIx V^HMI\ 3! Si
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG— Cod.
; KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
i Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
i ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
. LAGUNA, 1027, opp. Jefferson square — Three
i sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; phone,
1 i LARKIN.1C07. ccr.Pcst— The Cragburn. H. Uur-
, llngame.prcp.; rms.,slngle A hkpg.aparttnents.
MARKET,- 209S— Two large, »<rhny. well fur-
nished front rooms for housekeeping; $18.
MISSION. 1430—2 large eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
MISSION, 1734 — Sunny front suite, complete
U'T housekeeping; private bath; gas range;
JpI4.
OAK. 117, 534 ' McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12: gas range, hot bath; adult*.
OCTAVIA. 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor; new up-to-date flat; adults; refs.
O'FARRELL. 730— Sunny furnished front and '
back parlor, complete for housekeeping; reas.
PEARL. S, corner Market— 2 furnished house-
keeplng rooms. $14; phone; no children.
SCOTT, 800, NE. cor. Page, near Ha!ght-st.
cars — Two r.ewly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; bath, gas range, dishes.
SECOND, 212 — Housekeeping rooms: nicely lo-
cated; no children; alto single rooms: reaa. j
SEVENTH, 154 — Sunny front suite housekeep-
Ing rooma; (1 50; upper flat.
SIXTH. 125 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
central location and reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 126—4 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; -no children.
VAN NESS, 232 — 2 and 3 room suites; also sin-
gle; housekeeping; sunny front; gas range.
$(3. $12, $16, $20.
WALLER. 71— Fine sunny rooms In new flat;
suites $12 up; fine marine view.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
A BRANCH office for The"cairforThe reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market «L, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HOUSES.
BENTON (The). 833 Octavia, opp. beautiful
Park — 2 and 3 room apartments, with all
modern conveniences; special reduction* for
summer months.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness are —
The acme of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat, elee. light, elev., gas range.
SENTINEL (The). 879 Turk, adjacent Jefferson
square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and 4
rooms.l ready for occupancy. Phone East t»17.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, corner Van Ness —
Nicely furnished 3-room suite, $24; 2-room
_suit, $IS; bath.
ALTAMQNT. SE. cor. Washington and Mason
3-room apartments, furn. or unfur; private.
EL, CAMELLO. 1719 Washington— 2 to 6 room
apartments, newly furn. or unfurn; sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 339. above Hyde— 2. 3
and 4 room new apartments ; also single.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st] — Modern 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. TeL East 1330.
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and I'nfara,
A^ilUJNSWICK House,' HsTsixth st— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
l|ght housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or Ka 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ARDELL, 13 Page — 2 furnished basement
hskyg. rooma; yard, gas, sink; $2 week,
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDT, 110 <The Launston) — Central; best reg-
ular and transient In city; lowest rates.
EDDT. 432— Elegantly furnished parlor suite
and bath; also single rooms.
EDDY. 47S — Elegant sunny suite; double or
single; travelers solicited.
EIGHTEENTH, S36.1, near Mission — Sunny
furnished room; bath; modern; $7 month.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS, 1040 — Newly furnished sunny suit and
single rooms; gas, bath, electric light*.
ELLIS, 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $18; sunny
front room. $8; modern flat.
FELL, 2T.0— Large sunny furnished front
room; also 2 connecting unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny bay-window room with
double bed. closet and bath; also sunny single
room, $1 25 per week.
FRANKLIN, 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for 2,$12.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 20 night; $1 50 to $8 wk.; reading- rm.
GEARY, 015 — Well fur. parlor*, large closets;
also sunny room, ruflnlng water: phone; reaa.
GROVE, 632 — Front sunny furnished room; gaa
bath; $6.
HAIGHT. 218 — Newly furnished sunny rooms
to let reasonable.
HAYES, 074 — Beautifully furnished sunny front
bay-window alcove room.
HOWARD.- 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $5 week.
HYDE, 334 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms; hot and cold running
water; bath.
HYDE. 727 — 2 nicely furnished rooms, suitable
for gentlemen; private family.
JACKSON, 1175. cor. Jones — Furn. or unfurn.
sunny front rooms; fine marina view; phone.
JONES, 823. nr. Bush— Sunny front alcov»
room; cozy corner; $20 single; $25 two.
LEAVENWORTH. 10o! between Turk and
Golden Gate ave. — Sunny furnished rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1007— Large sunny and
newly furnished room, $14; also single room.
MARKET, 993 — Furnished rooms.
MASON, 61« — Newly furnished sunny rooms
from $8 up to $20; boarding-house next door.
MISSION. 2362 — Nicely furnished rooms; pri~
vate family.
NINTH, 12SV4 — Connecting front room* and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persona.
NOeT"577. bet. lSthTand 19th— To let. a nice
furnished room suitable for 2 men; fine view
and <:unny; terms reasonable.
NOE. 577. bet. ISth and 19th— A nicely furnlsh-
cd room, suitable for 2 men; fine view; aun-
ny; terms reasonable.
POST, 689. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 216. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Nice
furnished rooms; reasonable; $1 75, $3 up wk.
POWELL. 606 — Large sunny rooma; running
water. ..
POWELL, 506 — Sunny single rooms to let
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladle*' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 SO; week. 43
% to $S: mentb. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: bath*.
SACRAMENTO, 1611 — A neat and very sunny
basement room, for worklngman.
SIXTH, 240 Vi — Furnished rooms, day, week or
month; location central and reasonable.
TEHAMA. 154 — Furnished rooms. • ¦»' .-"'.>
thb~stI kathrynT ~~"
n. e. cor. leavenworth and
ellis— sunniest and cleanest
rooms in the city; baths: hot
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PFR WEEK. ¦ -,.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter, near Grant
- ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
! cold water: baths free; $3 to $0 per week;
,$1 to $1 50 per day: electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices en
the flirt floor to let; furnished rooms in suit*
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE RICHMOND, 509 Jones— Handsomely fur-
nlshed rooms, $1 30 week. 35c to $1 day up.
THIRD st. 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD tt, 87— Rurnished rooms. .
UNITED STATES. i23 Eddy, near Market 400
looms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $fi week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water tn every
room: elevator, read. -room: free bus; bajcarare.
VAN NESS ave.. 705— Sunny rooms; . electric
light; grate; running water; elegant location.
Ill :».T» WANTED— OIALE — Continued,
AT ;!-.r CaUSpTBta Fmpli ymer.t Agency.
. 14 Third s<t.. nr. Call t:<lK- Phone Hush 405.
Office oyen io-<iay. Holiday, July 4.
L'.ilieU 8tatrs Government Work.
60 teunstera and laborers. $2 flu day.
Concrete k-'id tur.nelmen. $2 .*o and %'i day.
MuektTt ar.J $2 SO day.
Fare rriur.ded ir. 10 i'.ay£.
SAWMILL CREW.
Co^k. Fsv.ir.l'.l cairp. $5r> fouud.
2 heipcj-*. fc*mp piacp, $3j fouud.
Foreman. Lore hf-r«>. #40 and found.
Sort* turner. !• ¦ >.« here, $v^ rnonth.
5 laborers, jile lumber, $40 found.
Board pul!«r, MJ a nv nth and board.
2 tail •^Iserrr.pi'., Mu month and board.
2 second tziaUBCrOCS, $40 month and board.
1 effh^arw, P4J a month ord board.
lo luir.r.cr filers, $:t5 urd tv->ard.
5 •oodeberpers. good layout. $1 2j cord.
Lumbtr trratiei. FV(>r pine S. n. H-. $3 day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGKNCi". 14 3d St.
BARUECS — 5-ffcar ;i for ssle; 5 years'
!<&;-*: bs-ft location in c'.ty. Apply 003 Jessie.
A HVBtaMc cutlr,c; pirk hop» In August. Write
E.OJ.KMCXa IIORJ-T CO..l22Battery st-.S.F.
LABOR £fbts collected ; cults attachment*.
La«- r.nd Adjartrr.en: Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 413.
f AlLORS cr.4 young jr.en (green hani») for I
fhips. HALU!i:riT. 017 Jackson st. |
BAILORS 'nil CT-MMry fer.men fcr *H r»'t» of I
the world r.t lilTHMAN'8. SI Steuart *t-
rF.NSIOX AU> ..K A. Bu!!I*7rTo7~Phe:sn bldr.
Past Can. Oeo H. Thomn Pest. G. A. R.
WTXCJfTESTER Hotel. 44 Third tt.. near M»r^
tart.— 700 ruomt; X: eight; readir.g-rocms;
fr»e 'fata en1_fcsF5«sri* to and from ferry.
ADVElITJf-nMKNT.S. tubfcr!pt!c=s received at j
CaJl bratv.h oJCcc. cor. Duncan ar.U Church sts. I
A BTtANCJI office of Th» Cal! for th? reception ]
*' jt^verUstmrnts arid subscriptions has been '
..cen^d ct 1O<)!> llurktt St., opposite Fifth. ;
O;»a tmtq II p. m. . |
ALL »'.7« men'* shoes, slightly damaged, half
;ir:<-». BC; M'.Mtion st.. !>et. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT yr.ur rho«-« half -soled while waiting; 25e 1
to f.6c. !W:S Miftiin ft., brt. lft and 5d st*.
HELP WANTED — SAXESSXEXT.
V.ANTKP— SG'.iritcr* cf rood aeUrtse and ap-
peaiancc: r.itr. and women having handled
LaTcrtnMKt contracts preferred; salary and
coa:mi&«J.or.. 414 Crostley buiidiEt:.
TUAVELTN'J s£l«-s:ir.an wanted to take «food
s«:;!r.g article at- i-ide line; socwl consml»»ion.
4?4 Post st.. irpatair*.
HOKSKS A.\D WAGOXS.
I"<"R i«aie — A carriage and w&gon material
•¦-¦:¦¦•». this ts a Cood stand and will bo
told reasonable: rents $40; call and lnvestl-
;ate. bS-M r>ubc<« av*.
2-jSTOKT <-Hn:p:ng wa^on: thorpug-hiy adapted
la the pmpocc: attached side tent; sleeping
¦pSLTUnwst upnelrs: co:np!ete in deta'.l. J.
•^. SMITH. 23 Eddy st.
rOR talc — Buggy r.or?e ; very stylish: fast;
large l> years eld. 1324 University ave. P.
O. box 3 1 .'.:. Berkeley.
}'•;'. *fcl» — ffce*tnut K*:d:r.s\ 5 jts. old., size 13
hd*.; perfect h^tte in nil harness; warranted
M«irJ. A<Idr< it Hju-ry P. Moore. Menlo Park.
AUCTION r:ie every Tuesday; horses, wa*-
ons, .fjrreye. bucjr.e*. cart* and harness; at
11*0 r\!*crn st.
J-TNE riv*r bottom pasturage: gre«n feed year
3-nund: near Hiaek Diamond. Contra. Cost*
Cour.ty. afartiii* Stable*. 1S»O Stevenson. 8.K.
FOR *&> — '"arr.p::ii; wagon. light express
\vap- n. C29 Noe st. —^
WANTED- A business buggy. Box 1418. Call
cff.ee.
VOX. .SALE— Light buggy in good condition.
Box C.">-2. Call office.
DRIVING buggy for sale: price ?30; good
condition. Aoiiress box 2G71. Call office. .
NKW cr.d Feeond-hand wagons, all kinds. a.t
Market ft.. orP- FrankliB.
WAGONETTES, surrey*, buggies. w«o-», har-
rwet. work ir.5 driving hcrsee. ISth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET\
A— PRINTKD lift cf houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBPEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
3-STGRT hou»e, cor. Harrisc-n and Fremont
Kt*.. 'Si alcove erul *<acte robins, ti liat,h-
tr-oms and toilets; suitable for boarding or
apartm»nt house; equlMietl m-ith electric
light* aiid ruvl gas; par- jU.jv^s Fuelled it
de«:r*d. Apply room 612. UiS Montgomery st.
P32*E E.odern house. <i Harris sjJd bath; sunny
r«-r.t $2t>. 2Tr>C Twrnt j-third st., be-
;-vf,n York an<2 .Hairij..-fcir?.
Tl liK. B8H4J rear — <i uunsy rooms, bath; rent-
ed l««t J25; reduction to good tenant. 2153
tuf.er Ft.
FINE. 2700 -Sur.r.y northeast corner resldertcs.
*> roorr.s. bath and basement; in fine order.
BTTUSB njmy r«"!=idenc» 0 roomi; porvants'
rty?m ir. ha^emon*- 2028 Bush. nr. Webster.
TO l»t — HruM, 6 rooms, bath and ba*<?ment.
W I.!rn>n «v«., near Webyt^r 5t.; rfnt $2<>.
INFORMATION WASTED.
INFORMATION war.ttd of Grace CotUe.
«iau*rhter of Dorcas Le Mentals cf England!
hy her elster Sarah Bragg. Box 3168, Call
• <fftr«.
I.WCSTBIEXTS.
A^~6 PEP. CENT C, U AR ANTEED " " ¦ n
Or f vt c*rt and Participation In Profits.
Invented Only in. first mortgage*.
FAN FRANC1PCO AND SUBCRHAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY,
70S Mark»t Ft.. P. F.. CaL
DIRECTORS.
Hon. .Tamrs G. Mafuire, ex-U.B. Cotvgressm'n
Hon. E<3w. K. Taylor, ex-gtate Senator.
<>.&* a. Murdock, Pre*. C. A. Murdock A- Co*.
Allerj If. Ciay. Sec'y Bank of California.
.Io*f.fh A. Leonard. General Manager.
Htr-GH <"RAIO. f»»vrr<tary and Cashier.
Sw <::v!<iend wotlr-e In this l*«ue.
INVALID CHAIES.
BOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
l.«:r»i. tricvc'.c chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 77ft.
LOST AM> FOU.VO. ~
FOUND— Th« next three racrtl?\ choicest cut
fltwer* «nd ail fieicriyUans floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
end must *ell; 2 rtcres. 311 Sutter and J2O4
fcutter. SHIEELEY, THE FLORIST.
EMALL r>ure« «.t .Oakland mole on June 23.
L:lx>ra", reward If returned to 13CSA Lcavcn-
W'lrth «t.
IO£T— On Kr-juT.jr ft., near Pes'.. brown fox
boa. Itff.irn to 2111 Pine et.: rewxrd.
LOST— Collie deg; brown body, white face feet
andjsreaet. fcOl Lirkin et.; reward.
BUNCH k*vF. uith r ,r.e flat brass blank; re-
ward. Bex 2C44. Call
_" _ _
LArrKCnrs fob gT^r,
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH "cb . foot of CTay
_*}¦'¦ '»¦" P>ature and business; tel. Bush 534.
J- Mlchi.e:is Launch CcUnion-stT Wharf -boaU
ing 6t »*cur»:ona. S Steuart »t.; tel. John 2886".
MEDlCAIu
LAIjIKs tciiirit.is stue, «ur e and uulck relief
tTOffl tegjtaWft consult me; m> ,ne[nod1
•f* WOalea and reliable; r.o failures; no ex-
VIcAV-^- , CONSULT ATION AND AD-
i-,1 t " E: lt ye * T * experience in all f«-
?& M.' s u rdcr * : cali wrUe - DR - WHITE
.02 Market^s^ro.jtns 7 and 8.
"aLS.^' 1^? 1 ' iP*ci>!I«t for all female
££Vart;£i im-cularlties; Instant relief
ruaracu-ed: JO years' experience. S2« Post st.
W ml'le D w.^ HI " S ehab> '-"^a'lrt all fe-
WpatttH ICMjt Market »t.. opp. 5th
• tees rurc Jr . « * fn:tn lhe East ' KU*raS-
THE bWN swcialUt. Dr s . Goodwin, depart,
will rec«-V£v a r IT cr ' thl! ' lour Ju 'y - : •*£
Date helped; the mort dlfflcult case, treated
advicefre*. O:gcc IQIS Market it tre " M '
URS. DR. GWTER. hartnV'iecuVed !r*j*. nf
prrm^cs. U permanently* loclud .t*TllA
Leavenworth St.. bet. Oeary_«BdJr Parrel"
LADIES" irr*-SMls.Ti'.ifs cured; I S~y^ar«'~eT~ :
L «P I JP, S ~ KuK:rfUn<:: safe . cure, never falls- '
Etfc- fflftWlTitnfof Dmj Co.. Kearny & CU,.'
X)I L'r.?«.? IRS ;»^' v^ s ««"HikDob HERU3- •
original mtthod of treatment. 1126 Market'
DR. P.OSEX reside* 2935 Folaoni *t. T^Z-
26lh; XAClf. «llef or no f e«; |xo. ."S cora * r j I
g-E A L E S J[^Tg-3^53^ Y -— ggR SA.JL.1C.
• EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
' TUESDAY. '. . .JULY 12. 1004/
At Our Salesrooms, at 12 o f clock Noon.'
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
• No*. 12:i0-3S-40 Wlllardst., north of Carl;
i key lot. 25x105 feet; 3 elegant new flats of
. 5-0-0 rooms and porcelain bath each; finished
' with beam celling, patent combination electric
and gas fixtures; rent $00 per month; mort-
• gage of $5000 can remain
MISSION INVESTMENT.
SE. corner of No© and Ford sts. ; lot 28x110
feet; improvements consist of a residence of
i 11 . rooms and bath; large stable and barn;
large yard in connection; now being used as
a coal and wood yaxd; rent $70 per month.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
No. 118 Caselll ave., off Douglass St., bet.
Eighteenth. and Nineteenth; lot 25x104:5 feet;
improvements consist of a 4-room cottage, sta-
. tionary wash trays, patent flush toilet, brick
foundation; mortgage $700.
M ST. AND 13TH AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of M st. S'2 feet east of
Thirteenth ave.. 25x100 feet each.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 318 Eureka St., south of Twentieth; lot
25x130 feet; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; porcelain roll top tubs; patent flush
toilet; basement planked; rented for $20 per
1 month; beautiful garden
RINGOLD ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 38 Ringold st., east of Ninth, and be-
tween Harrison and FolEom; 25x75 feet; cottage
of fi rooms and bath; 7 foot driveway for wag-
on; plumbing In good order; basement 9 feet '
high: rent $15 per month; mortgage $1000 at ,
6 per cent. • !
JONES -ST. C0RNEH. |
NE. corner of Jones and Greenwich sts. ; ex-
tremely large lot, 79:li71 feet; Nos. 2202-04-
06-OS; Improvements, 4 well-built 2-utory base-
ment houses of 10 rooms and bath each; rent
'low at $118 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 3735.37-89 Sacramento St., west of
Spruce; lot 27:Cxl32:7Vs feet; Improvements
consist of 4 desirable fiats of 4-4-5-5 rooms;
modern plumbing; porcelain bath; flush toilets;
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
Epect: excellent surroundings; rent $72 per
month; mortgage of $5000 can remain; title
guaranteed; sidewalk, patent concrete, streets
bitumlnlzed; newly built.
. INVESTMENT FLATS.
Nos. 760-62,-04 Sixth ave.. north of D St.;
lot 27x120 feet; Improvements consist of a 3-
story building containing four separate fiats
of 4-4-7-8 rooms and bath; rents $76 per
month; mortgage of ?4000 can remain.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. S4S Foisom st.. through to Clementina
St.; No. 343 lot 32:llxlC0 feet; Improvements
nominal; rents $30.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
1006 Greenwich at., near Laguna; handsome
1 Va -story cottage of 5 roorru and porcelain
bath; modern plumbing.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
| C38 Market st.
$1 23 PER week; no Interest; lots In th* Ex-
celelor Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school. >
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room S.
WE have some special bargains Jn city prop-
-erty; also homes on easy terms in Berkeley
and Alameda; call or send for what you
want. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 California.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of 6
rooms, bath each; close to park: $6500; easy
payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$11.500 — THREE new modern 6-room flats;
rent $12*) per annum: Frederick St., bet.
Ashbury and Clayton. Apply J. H. KRUSE,
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
HEAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLBT.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE,
• EXCHANGES.- .¦
$9 per' acre — 3W0 acres, comprising the finest
stock ranch In Humboldt County; finest ranch-
house in the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large baroe; all under the best of
fence and croesfenced; good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune: several
thousand sheep, 100 head of cattle at market
price; 2000 acres more land If desired.
$2000— Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
bered pasture;' 4-room house; large barn; run-
ning water.
¦ $3250 — In town of Petaluma; 2^4 acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood-
ers; 2 wagons, harness, horse, Jersey cow;
450 hens; all in fruit; 20,000-gallon reservoir;
photos at office.
$0500 — On Marsh Creek, near Llvermore; 6S0
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon shed, poultry
bouses: water piped to buildings.
$1400—8 acres; 2>/i miles of Sebastopol; 4
acres berries, 1 acre orchard, balance crops;
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
niture; part cash.
$3500— Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
em machinery; water power; capacity 10,000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half Cash or lumber at market price.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500 — 2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acres
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns,
poultry houses; 2 acres assorted fruits.
$1500~-Near Sonoma City; 4% acres; family
orchard; new house, barn, poultry houses; over
200 chickens.
$2700— Lake County, 3 mll«s of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced: 40 under
cultivation; 20 acres alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; 6-room house, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100 — 4 acres fine land near Hay wards; 3-
rocm house; junction 2 roads; great place for
madhouse.
$2500 — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co. ;
stage station and P. O, on place; 141 acre*
controlling 1000 acres range; 8 acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming Implements; see this quick.
$2500 — In Sonoma Co., near boat and cars;
162 acres; some orchard and vineyard: corn
and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room house,
all furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagons
harness, tools, cow, poultry; |20O Job if de-
sired.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 6 acres
up; Vi cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles pf Modesto; 20 acres
up. Mi cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl. on the Woodbridge
canal.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
prcperty and poultry farms.
$20 per acre — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for irrigation; Placer Co., one mile of
town and railroad.
?17 per acre — Finest stock ranch in Placer
Co.; 1680 acres; at railroad station; 600 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming implements, 00 cattle, 12
horses; part cash.
$4500 — 30 acres, 1H miles of town, Santa
Clara Co. ; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine In-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$S50 — 3 miles of Geyservllle; 2\t, acres; 0-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all In vineyard; oak- trees; fine poultry farm.
$6500—100 acres; 5 miles from San Jose; H
acres level hay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes; 7-room house, bath, well, windmill
and tank. ,-',.V-'-
$3750 — Sonoma Co., one mile of fine town; 10
acres «H in peaches nnd prunes, with flno
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage, 5
rooms and bath, well, windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom: the real thing.
$10,000--:On Alum Rock ave., 3 miles of San
Jose; 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
drying plant; nice 5-room cottage, grounds,
stables: electric cars pass door; Income $2000;
would take clear bay property In exchange.
$1500— Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn ; great poultry
farm; easy terms.
$2750—160 acres fine foothllMand in Contra
Costa Co., near Clayton; 80 acres, plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn;
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash.
Send stamp for th* largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
\ Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
FOR farm, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call' on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
& COj. 507 California st.
ALFALFA lands; : stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards ; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 048
'Market "at. •¦..¦../:•.-¦ . ¦ : -¦ . •--. t
FOR -sale — A 0-room residence ¦ In , Redwood
City ;j mod. imp. C CUSSEN, Redwood City.
ROOMS TO^KT-.Fsrii. anil liifur*.
VAN NESS. 02(3 — Large sunny room In modern
corner flat: parlor piano, bath, phone.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d »t. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nlsht: $2 to $5* week; ebvator;
elee. lights; readlng-rocra: free bua: baKxage.
WOLF* Hnuse. 2C2 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15o"
to $1 per ntsbt and from 80c to $5 per w?ek.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
aooags Arro board.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQWPPED
j WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEil£NT3.
j 13 READY TO RECEIVE UUESTS.
I 1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART. —
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
MASONIC ave.. 1311— Sunny front rcom with
board: gentleman and wife or two slngla
gentlemen; references. Plione Fell l.*UC:
STEINER. 400 — Lurge sunny front room ani
board In private family for two young gir!»
or man and wife.
SUNNY rooms; excellent heme cooking: gen-
tlemen; $20; two meals $1S. 1120 Gcugn, nr.
O'Farrell.
GOUGH, 1120. nr. O'FarreU — Sunny room*; *¦>..
cellent home cocking: gents; $2l>; 2 cieaia^ld.
BUSH. SC4 — Nicety furnished rooms; sunny;
front alcove; bath ar. '. board.
HAIGHT, CS, near Market— Large furnisher!
room for 2, with good Gerrran board.
FOURTEENTH. 84 — Sunny furnished room^
with or without beard: reasonable.
LARGE suar.y double front room, with or
without beard; reasonable. 16.T0B Mission.
THIRD. 444^— Board and room.
DEVISADERO, 1301 A — Furnished sunny room*
with ooard.
UNION Hotel. Turk. cor. Webster — Neatly fur.
sunny rooms, with or without board; rea*.
HOTEL KENOVA, 723 Pin?— BouM ar.d room
$20 per month; sun and elevator.
POWELL. 502— Nicely furnlshrd room for 2: all
new; also single; reasonable; private board.
TAIC» MESS, 141 1— Nicely" furnished room*~for
gentlemen; splendid table board; reference*.
HARRISON, 600— Gc»3d table board; horn*
cooking; woman cook; cheap and clean.
Stevenson Mar.plon. opp. Orare Church, annet
807 California — See rooms, lrarnpric»s,trytabl«>
HOWARD. S41A— Kir»t-cla*s board and room,
single or double. J5 {•; wk. ; American family.
EDDY. 1128, cpp. Jefferson Pk.— Nicely fjrl
sunry rooms; table board; reas-.: new raang't.
GEARY. 501. Hote! V Alglon— Farr.tly room*
snd beard: entirely renovated: rea». prices.
ST. I.OU1S BOOM3.
DESIRABLE rooma; convenient locality; flrrt-
class. Cozy House. S15 N. Cth st.. St. Loula.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE ia hereby given that th» Maria Kip
Orphanag« of 5^0 Lake st.. San Francisco.
received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. VjiH : Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson, 11 years 4 months; Juanita Wala-
worth. 10 years 5 months; May Walaworth.
8 years 11 months; Vicien Dunkie. I." years;
Aileon Dunkie, 5 years 3 months; Doria
Dunkie. 3 year* 10 months; Hazel B. Well3.
8 years 7 months: Emeiia Delar.Ke. 4 years 7
morths; Maria Grunn. 7 rears' O months;
Nellie Conoley. u year* 4 months: Helea
Conoley, 5 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves. 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves. 10 years
7 months.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and half-orphan g'.rla and boy*
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght
•treet from April 1. 1904. to July 1. 1004:
Nellie Armstrong. 12 years 9 month*: 8arahi
Ellen Johnson. 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell. 10 y»ar»; Lillian Postell. 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 yearn 6 months;
Frederick Johnson. 10 years 8 month*.
SUSAN RUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
SEWIXJ MACHINES A.>D SUPPLIES.
DO^?T~1So?H^RT V Bl?Y~^r^E^r^N^r~~ < ~*
Send U3 a postal and our agent will call and
trade for your old sewing machine; we hav»
a lot of slightly shop-worn Whites that w»
shall tell quick at 1-3 and 'j regular prices;
this Is the sewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co.. City offices. 'MO Post st.; 1841 FiUmoro
*t.. and 70S Valencia *t.
DOMESTIC— Tho machine for family use; best
Is' cheapest; second-hand all rr.akes *t any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domf*-
tlc efflce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME: — Se* our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: S1O. $15: $20; necomi-
hand. $3. $3. $M: all style*; guaranteed. New
, Homo Sewing Machine Co.. 1QG1 Market »t.
SOCIALISTS.
GEORGE GOEBEL. national Socialist lecturer;
look out; Turk st. Temple. Tuesday. July Ift.
-^J£*££» W K1TJCB , S AITD STJPPI.tS3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith rremler, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th»
typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW gor>d typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculrjrs of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
21) HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VIAVX.
MOTHERS' and daughters' horn* treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Nfs* av*.
LEG AL AP V ERTI a a 31 KNTS.
M. HARRIS, pension. 40 Ellis a|.
RESTAURANT. 209 Jones, ha* changed hands;
outstanding bill* must be presented In 5 days.
PttOPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. U. S. Geologi-
cal Survey. Washington. D. C, May 26. 1004
—Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived at th* office of the United State*
Reclamation Service, at Reno, Nevada, uatll
2 o'clock p. m.. July 15, 1004, for th* con-
struction of about 37 miles of main distrib-
uting canals, involving about 1.560.0CO cubio
yards of earthwork, with diverting dam.
regulating gates, spillways, falls, weir* and
bridges, for th* diversion and conveyance of
about 1800 cubic t*et of water por second
frost Carson River at a point about 4 milea
west of Leetvtlle Nevada, to Irrigable land*
In Carson Sink Valley. Bids will be received
on (A) excavation and embankment for one or
more divisions or all the work; (B) head-
works: (C) falls, spillways, weirs, lateral
htydgates and pipe drains: l>> highway
biTdges. Specifications, form of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
26, 1904, by application to L. H. Taylor.
Reno, Nevada, and to the Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington, D. C.
at. whose offices the plans may be Inspected.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for $I'JO0. payable to the Secretary o£
the Interior, as a guarantee that the bidders
will, if successful, promptly execute a sat-
isfactory contract and furnish band In tha
sum of 20 per cent for the faithful perform-
ance of the work. The right Is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept cne part of a bid and re-
ject th* other, as the interaat of the servic*
• may require. Proposals must be marked.
"Proposals for Distributing Canals. TrucStee-
Carson Project. Nevada." Bidders are In-
vited to be present. THOS. RYAN. Acting
Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley^
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice la hereby given that sealed
bids are soiiclted fcr performing the labor
and furnishing the materials for fire escapes
for Hearst Hall, on the grounds of tha Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the offlc* of
the regents. South Hall, Berkeley, - at or
fcefor* 5 o'clock p. m. of July 7. 10O1.
Plan* and specifications of sakl fire escape*
have been adopted and may be -xarainrJ
daily at th* ofsc* of the regents from u a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder, in favor or the Regents of
the University of California, e^ual to ten
(10> per cent of his bid. with sufficient
ruretie*. conditioned that if said bid be ac-
ceptrd. the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper .contract to faithfully perform tha
duty and obligations In accordance with said
bid and with the plans aod specifications
which axe hereby required to be a part of
such contract. The right to reject any or all
bid* Is hereby reserved. By order of tli»-
Regents' Committee on Ground* and Build-
ing*. V. H. HENDERSON. Acttng Secretary.
Continued on Pose Teiv
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
DOXLERa. engines. 2J-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH &.WOLPMAN. 103-107 Fremont St.
DOtS YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Rt-icir it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
r.reds no painting or coating; good ovtr old
Iron tin cr shinsles; best fcr new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pump*.
pul!ej«. shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H H. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
FOR rale — Second-hand laundry machinery,
cor.sisting cf engine, boilers, mangles, wash-
Ing machines, etc.; reasonable. Box 2C50,
Cull office.
A— FINE nults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 It). Orig-
inal Mliflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Dutb: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gijies, bcilers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 255-255 Spear tt.
GENTS* full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
cults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 23
f Stocktcn «t.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for pale on
Ftnall weekly payments. United Loan' and
! Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
. J. COOPER, gents* full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
ui>t.ta!rs.
FOR sale or trade for shotgun, a good all-
round hunting dog. 1C21 York et.
$15— NEW style, 7-drawer oa»c New Home sew.
ike machine, complete. 1015 Mlsoion, nr. 15th.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2~00 hats $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 3C0 Kearny st., near
i Pine; open to 0 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
j FIREWOOD cut to length; larjfa load $2. de-
J Jlvcred. E. C. PITCHER & CO.. Sixth and
I Hooptr gts.; t«l. S 375. '.
| TRY our men'* eho«>s at $1 ar.d $1 50 pair;
| foot-fcrm fhoos at ?2 CO; we pay express
charyes. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
NEW scnlikin coat; reasonable. Call from 7
to 9, 4US Stockton st., room 105.
BEAUTIFUL thrromrhbr'-d English bpanlel
pups; 7 we?ks olJ; $5 and $7 50. 134S Foisom.
ELASTIC stockings, $2. Factory. 40 Ellis ft. j
AWNINGS, t*nt«. new. ?econd-hand. SUN TENT '
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tei. John 64S6.
FOR sale— Young chickens. 30c and 33c; hens,
40c. 909 Treat av«., near Tiventy-irecond st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
sta:r.p for catalogue. C. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand; prices
rl£ht at Richardson Bros'.. 1810 Market st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
lesc. BUTCHKR. 7*1 Mission st.
TENTS for rent or fate. ROSS McMAHON
IftTKXT & AWNINO CO.. 35 Mkt.Tel.B-Jsh 858
BH1TANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vcls. KING'S. 61 McAllister st.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baci-
ealupt. moved to 7S3 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sal*; cheap: some
new; 16x16 819 Third et.; tel. Main 413.
AFK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
nukes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engine*. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— Near and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery gt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all size*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
. MISCKI.LANEOL'g WANTS.
BIG price; paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress *ultx. etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
A BARREL of money for old Jewelry; value
paid; assaying prices slaughtered. Pioneer
Asyaytr.g Co., 157 New Montgomery st.
A — MORRIS gives . highest prices for ladies'
and gents' cast off clothing; postl. 043 Foisom.
$2O— BOWSER Oil Tank, self measure; oil ca-
pacity 120 gallons. 801 Turk aj.
HIGHEST prlc* paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davl^BSS; b60 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S5L
DESKS bought. *old!~and exchanged/" T~£T
?IcCarth>- Co.. S72 Mission; phone Bush 467.
BIOXI2Y TO LOAN.
A A A—HERMAN MURPHY
601-e02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
f ave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
pfts; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates anS undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount om
let, 2d or 3d
g'-rrtgage. on real estate cr
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of lnterekt.
Give full particular*
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4&0. Call office.
SALAIIY LOANfi^ "
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge cf employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY* respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof vault is pretexted
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. board!r.g-house» without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tcltnan. C53 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
tt. I upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. •
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PSH cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HEsTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned or salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ON real eetatj, personal property. E. W. Lick.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Roont 311. Mutual Sav. Bl*, bldg.
ALL leans on diamond* and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 528 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed cotes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency, 143-Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. « Eddy st.
1 Vi PER cest on furniture and piano*; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
iniinrftT. MORHLL. eon Examiner building.
musical" instruments.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both,
rew and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
Largains for filano purchasers. Qlve us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
• nd liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5qo-e2-tt4 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned "from rent,
coir.j.rlMng such makes as Chickerlng, Vose,
Steinway. Eteck. Sterling, Curtas, Neuman,
Erard. Haines and many ethers; prices rea-
forstile; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CTJRTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st.
AFTKR the summer I* over you cannot get
sucn cargains and terms as you .can get now;
ujmghts from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
St.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A £ ISC i I i « U u «r.!i Klu Piano for sale; as good as
new; $1oj. .237 Geary st.
A T^ re »M^J,^ rlC iM. un r" 3e * me<3 "toraire pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage. 1C36 Mkt.
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If ymi want - barealn
call at HORNUNO'S, 216 McAUtoter ¦?
GOOD standard upright piano for *ale- 183
STATHAM. IIP McAUjster st.
SOMMER. Ryrvu Mauzy pianos Cer*It*n ni.n. '
purer., BYRON Wy. &.&S&»£".|<
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
• NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
rnents. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PKDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
; Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
1 ¦¦ " — ,
'. I»IL|,OWS.
TO crder; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 218.
, ¦ um '— •-: 1 — ¦:: . . "i
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
. A CORNER store, 24th and Valencia sts.; new,
large; suitable for «ny business.
STORE to let, suitable for butcher. Inquire
• grocery store. Sacramento and Spruce, gts.
'^ PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar- •
i gain* like this? Agent wanted. LEON
» LEMO8, 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and 8th..
, DR. ROWKLL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
I rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
I sore, throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St., S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no etaln or stickiness; i
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers': ac- -
cept r.o substitute. Star RemedyCo.,13uS Polk. '
. J Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
tkln. nicuth. bones, etc.) speedily cured by
i skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. ."28 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"\StaL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicooele,
etc.; easily woru: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
. recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 110 Geary. S.F.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly Journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Send to-
day fcr free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
AT less than ccst; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London I
Tailor. 721 Market ?t.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post et.. near Powell.
I FRANK g'. O'NEILL: Send address to H. E~
t 2C4G, Call office; something Important.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & mcles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Pr.A.W.Traverae.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores Io6t eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric ncedie specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to Us natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st.; phone Polk 4B11.
3PATEET3.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
tomey-at-law C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DO NNELL— Office and residence.
10'Jl'A Market St., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073 4 Market st.
REMOVED^DR~WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 047 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT, successor to Dr., Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all dlseates of human
by.uce of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT.
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
bocks kept for firms or corporations who do
not deslro to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J. R DAY. public ae-
countant. r. 609 Mills bdg.. phone Main 502.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice! P^oenTi^Savlngsr^uIla^
ing and Loan Association— For the six
months ending June 20, 1004. dividends have
been declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows; On term certificates, at
the rate of 6 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary eaving3 accounts, at the rate of -H.
per cent i»er annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on ami after July 20. 1004. The "Phoo-
nlx" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
s total paid in capital of $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watklns, presi-
dent; Charles It. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentiss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
roarn, director; Gavin McNab, director;
Charles* 13. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
Dividend notice— The Giant Powder Co., Con.
A dividend. No. 67, of fifty cents (50c) per
Ehare on the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202, 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg., San Francisco, on July 11, 1904.
Transfer books close July 5, 1004 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
OFFICE of The Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.. San Francisco Jun* 27. 1904. — At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend haa
been declared at the rate of three and one-
fourth (3^4) per cent per annum on all de-
posits ' for the six months ending Juu« ."10,
1004, free from all taxes, and payable on and
after July 1. 1904.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
st.. opposite Third— For the half year end-
Ing June 30. 1004. a dividend has been de-
clared at the fate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California anil
Montgomery sts.— For the six months ending
June 30. 1804. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of thl.«i
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. IVO4.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Market Street
Bank, corner Market and Seventh sts. For
the half year ending June 30, 1904, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (3.50) per cent per annum upon
ordinary deposits (savings department), free
of all taxes, payable on and after July 2
1904. W. B. NASH. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual fiavings Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market st.— For the
half year ending June 80, 1004, a dividend
has been declared at the reto of three and
one-quarter (ZV*) P*r cent per annum on ail
F^d°ay?J u ry e i. Cf 10-04 ei ' ™ M * ° B "* aft "
GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
D « I ?H ND ? ot jw Humboldt Savings. Bank.
2? fh^V t d * %1 depoilt » ha « been declared
«{ ..^ of w? % per cent P er annum, fre*
of taxes, payable on and after July 1. 1004.
; W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
D in, ID « N ? N <> tlc6 -Saving* and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner Sutter, has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending .*une
30 1904. at the rate of three and one-quarter
(3M) per cent per annum on all deposits free
of taxes and payable on and after July l
JOQ^^CYRUS W. CARMANY Cashier.
STORAGE
A^GTL^miT^^S^OIxrstorage CorTstoragT
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nese; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored.' moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third: phone Qrant 1U1.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st •
phone Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, pres.,
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage £ Moving Co. of-
flee Post ».nd Powell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. '071.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise 333 Golden G*te ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. '840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F.^V.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage tnd Furniture Moving Com- '
pany. 2320 FlUmore *t.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
ist.. tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centsr-The Weekly Call, i
IS paces. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.Stin, 3Ioon and Tide.
Total cost {2,200,000 00 x $1,409,070 00
Coet per ton, hull
and machinery.... 48 00 46 19
No details, as to horsepower and
United Btatea Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, ' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent./ . «
NOTE — The high and low waterfl[ occur at
the city front (Mission-street > wharf) about 28
.minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
. MONDAY. JULY 4.
Sun rises 4 : 02
Sun seta 7:35
Moon rises .11 :28 p. m.
0 Tlmel Time Time Time! " -
£ Ft. Ft Ft Ft
» H "W -. L "W H W L, W
~i 3:22 S.S 9:33 1.3 4:49 5.0 10:5S 2^7
6 4:26 3.5 10:22 1.6 5:26 5.0 11:50 2 1
6 0:42 3.4 11:12 1.9 6:02 - 6.2 ..........
L. W H XV L. W H W •
7 |0:45 1.6 7:00 3.4 12:05 2.2 6:44 6.3
, NOTE— In the above , exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide* of the
day. except -when there are but three tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth 'given by
the' charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 3— Stmr Dolphin, for
Skacway. ,
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 3— Stmr
Norwood, in tow of tug Richard Holyoke,
from Bellingham, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived July 3 — Schr Lud
low, from San Pedro. ¦
REDONDO— Sailed July 3 — Stmr Bee. for San
Francisco. : ¦ ' • • "
Arrived. Btmr Lakme.'from Eurelca.v-- 1 -
ASTORIA— Sailed July 8— Stmr Alliance, for
.".i,; TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 3, 10. p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind BW; valocity 14 miles-per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. I - ,
SAILED. . .
, Sunday, July S.
Stmr Santa Rota, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports. '
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, Purt Rodgers,
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Stmr Ilwaco, Lefingali, Pigeon Point.
Brig William G. Irwin, Hanecn, Roche Har
bor. . -
Stmr MIneola, Kirkwood, Tacoma . and Pe
tropaulovskl. j,
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendoclno.
Schr Jennie- Gibson, Bolinos. •
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen. Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, Redondo.
Sunday, July 8.
Stmr "Westport, Smith, 16 hours from West
port, .
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, 4 " days from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 14 hours from Fort
Brajg.
Etmr Columbia, Dpran, 62 H hours from Port
land, via Astoria 4 Hi hours.
Schr Wing and Wing, Larsen, 8% days from
Siualaw River.
Schr C. A. Klose, Mercer, 3% days from
Siuslaw River.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 23Aours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 15 hours from Cas
par. ' ¦ A • '
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 80 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 42 hours. . ,
Stmr G. C. Lindauer, Allen, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Ilwaco, Leflpgell, 3 hours from Half
Moon Bay.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Oleson, 64 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 64 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmansen, 4 days from
Siuslaw River.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The ourangoutang brought from Borneo by
a passenger on the liner Korea's last trip ia
still detained aboard that vessel.' The ani
mal has suffered much from the cold while in
this port and the tender-hearted crew of th«
steamer have found a warm berth for ~ it
alongside the steam steering engine.
The Oceanic steamer Sierra.. which has been
undergoing repairs at the Union Iron Works,
was towed yesterday to her berth at Pier
No. 7. .
The American bark Holllswood, 127 days
from Newcastle. Australia, out of food and
all but wrecked during her voyage. Is now
being towed from San Pedro by the Spreckela
tug Dauntless. With fair wind and smooth
sea the tug will bring her disabled charge. Into
port some time to-day.
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation steam
er Columbia waa towed yesterday to the Unit
ed States army transport wharf, where she
discharged a cargo of oats brought from
Portland for shipment to Manila.
Water Front Notes.
- TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - From. I Due.
Breakwater.. 'Coos Bay I July 4
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts.|Julir 4
G. Dollar San Pedro July 4
Totmes Hamburg & Way Ports. July 4
Corona Humboldt July 4
North Fork... Humboldt July 4
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. July 4
Sequoia ....... Wlllapa Harbor July 5
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 8
Eureka Humboldt July 5
Newburg Grays Harbor July 5
Porno «.-: Point Arena & Albion. July .8
Queen .... Puget Sound Ports.... July 6
Centennial... Seattle &c Tacoma July B
Redondo Portland & Astoria July 6
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July «>
Argo Eel River Ports July 6
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. July 6
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... July /«
Sarr Pedro.... Humboldt July' 7
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River July 7
Pomona Humboldt July 7
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. July 7
Barracouta... New York via Panama. July 7
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena July 7
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. | July 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.) July 7
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. July 7
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria July 8
S. Dollar. ,... Hakodate ....July 10
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.. .. July 10
Hawaiian.... New York via Coronel. July 11
Luxor '. .. Seattle July 11
Alameda Honolulu July 12
Ramses Hambunr & Way Ports. July 12
Peru New York via Panama. July 13
Mongolia China & Japan July 15
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports July 15
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I PW.
July 5. I I*
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p!Pler 9
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
S. Monica. . Loa Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
July 6
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 8 pm Pier 8
Redondo. . . Lo»> Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Arcata. . . . Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic... Humboldt 9 -am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Coos Bay. . • San Pedro * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July 7.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal S«m Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sierra Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
July 8. I
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Argo • Eel .River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July 9.
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 20
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama, 12 m Pier 40
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
¦ \ ¦ July 10.
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 8 pm Pier 20
July 11. J
St. Paul.... Nome & St.Mlchael 2 pm Pier 84
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July 12. I
Rainier.... Seattle & Be'.linghm 4 pm Pier 10
July 14. , I
Gaelic...:. China & Japan 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Luxor Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
• ' FROM SEATTLE. .--,
Steamer. 1 Destination. Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way, Ports. July 5
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. July S
Jefferson..... Skagway & Way Ports. July 7
Farallon Bkagway & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha Kodiak & Way Ports. July 10
Garonne Nome via Golovin Bay. July 10
Olympla Nome direct July 10
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 12
Antonio Jerald, by his own story, is the
local prize fisherman up to date, and he
brought along the fish to substantiate his
statement. Yesterday, while crabbing off the
wharf at Sausallto, .he netted a big green cod.
Exercising the utmost care, he succeeded in
landing hia catch on the pier. The fish In* its
struggles entangled itself In the crab net and
several times bit Its captor before it was se
cured. It weighed --twenty-five pounds when
dressed and is by far the largest green cod
ever caught in the bay.
Prize Green Cod.
The necessary depth is thirty feet, but In
very few places is the Water so deep. Eight
een and twenty feet of water is a fair aver
age, while in some of the slips fourteen and
fifteen feet will mark the depth. In the quiet
waters among the wharves the precipitation
from the rivers and sewers is always consid
erable, but this year the dump from these
sources has been grearer than usual.
The dredger crews have decorated their craft
with flags and bunting and will celebrate while
they shovel along the bay bottom.
The State of California is taking advantage
of the shortage of ships in this port to scaap
the mud out .of ,the docks along the water
front. Many of the slips are empty and the
three dredgers are working night and day.
Sundays and holidays alike the big steam
shovels go down and up, digging out the
debris from the bottom of the bay. To-day
the crews of the huge machines will hear the
•'Elorious Fourth" crackling and booming all
around them. The bands will blare and the
toy pistol will roar while they tear up the
mud from the dock beds.
Fourth on the Dredgers.
John B. and Emma Beilhes to Peter Car- !
fazni, lot on NE corner of Union and Buch
anan streets, E 30 by N 87:6; 510.
Alfred J. Louise M. and John H. Strel to
Joseph Peers, lot on E line of Shotwe!l etreet,
las S of Seventeenth. S 20 by E 122:6; $10.
Julian and Isabella R. Sonntag to John and
Maria I'nsinn, lot on W line of Landers
street, 31o S of Fourteenth, S 25 by W 12j;
»lo.
Thomas 11. and Annie T. Turner to George
J. and Nellie E. Lampton, lot on N line of
Valley strett, lbO W of Sanchez, W 25 by N
114; $10.
Michael and Kllen O'Donnel! to Ellen
O'Donnell, lot on E line of Eureka street, 75
S of Seventeenth. S 24:8 by E 125; gift.
W. W. and Katherlne G. Wilson to Antonio
Trapanla, lot on SE corner of Francisco and
Jonvs streets, K 3» by S 112:6; ? .
Antonio and Jennie Trapanla to Henry Brun
ner, same; $10. 4 ~
Estate of Patrick McGonigle (by William
P. McGonigle, administrator) to Henry E.
Bothin, lot on SE line of Natoma street, 426
SW of First. SW 24 by SE 80; $4850.
Joseph F-. Charles A.. Fannie C. George L.
and Edward W. Bradford and Elizabeth L.
Iiawley to Southern PaCiflc Company, lot on
W* line of Pennsylvania street, 150 N of Army,
N 5O by W 100; $10.
. Charles L. and Lily F. Tilden to came, lot
V>i W line of Pennsylvania street, 100 N cf
Army. N 50 by W 100; $10.
John Mulligan to A. O. Mulligan, lot on E
line of Twenty-first avenue, 130 N of Califor
nia street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Palomares Land Company to Robert J. Tobln
and D. J. Buckley, lot on W line, of Forty
first avenue. 417:5 N of Point Lobos avenue,
NW 48:5, SW 349:2. SE 66, NE 187:4, N
144:4; $10.
John R. Spring to A. O. Mulligan, lot on
W line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 250 S of Point
Lobos avenue. S 25 by W 100; $1. \
Georze P.. Minnie E.. Charles S., Bertram
H. and Mary D. Healey to same, lot on W
line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 250 S of Point Lo
bos avenue, S 25 by W 100: also lot on E line
of Twenty-first avenue. 131 N ¦ of California
street. N 25 by E 120 and property out of
county; Sio.
Christopher C. and Lily A. Rivers to Irving
M. Scott Jr., lot on NE corner of Fifth avenue
and I street, N 60 by E 85; $10.
Oliver J. and Marv E. Bailey to Joseph
Thompson, lot on W line of Seventh avenue.
100 S of I street, R 60 by W 120: $10. |
J. E. MacDonald to Roliacd A. and Mary
A. Tuttle, lot XV" line of Forty-fifth avenue, 100
8 of I street, S 25 by W 120: $10.
David W. Todd to William A. Newman,
lot on SW corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and
J street. S 75 by W T 120: $10.
Solomoo and Dora Getz • to Charles J.
Eldracher. lot on W line of Forty-seventh
avenue. 125 S of L street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
W. W. and Katherlne G. Wilson to H. F.
end Marie L. Schunemann. lot on W line of
Twentieth avenue. 75 NW of H etreet. NW 150
by EW 100. South San Francisco Homestead
block 400; $10.
Michael and Catherine Boyne to Henry and
Kllle E. C. C. Gardes, lot on W line of Ells
worth street. 100 8 of Eugenia, 8 80 by TV
70. lot* H25 «nd 327, gift map I: $10.
Julius C. Rels to John P. and Mary Pleano,
lot* 1!> to 24. blook 25. Rels Tract: (rrant.
Clara Klupe -Cor Putro) to Daniel CDav. lot
on NE corner of Eighteenth and Ashbury
streets, E 95 by N 25; *io.
Builders' Contracts.
France* E. Burtls (owner) with L. T. Han-
Ben (contractor), architect C. R. Wilson— All
work for a thre»-story frame building (three
fiats) on lot on W line of Webster -street, 80
N of Fulton. N 27:6 by W 137:6: S675O.
Mrs. EMillle Dumas (owner) with John B.
Reite (contractor), architects Rosseau & Son —
All work for a threen?tory and basement frame
building on lot on E corner of Folsom and
Norfolk streets, NE ."8:0ii, SE 72:2%, SW
21:2«i, NW 75: $11,100.
Martin CDea (owner) with L. S. Quimby and
¦William II. Harrison (contractors), architect
Charle* J. Rosseau — Tearing .down, excavation
and concrete . work for a two-*tory and base
ment brlclt building on lot on N line of Geary
Ftreet. 137:0 E of Stockton. E 22:11 by N 65,
Western Addition 120; *2C05.
Same (owner) with Thomas Butler (contract
or) architect same — Brick work, chimneys, ter
ra cotta. tiles, cement sidewalks for eame on
seme; $3000.
Same (owner) with A. H. Wllhelm (contract
or) architect eame — AH work except £as fix
tures, shade.*, grading, concrete, ' brick, terra
cotta, sidewalk and Illuminating, tiles for
Eame on pa me: S4370.
A. J. Welch f owner) with^ Hansbrourh &
Johnston (contractors), architects Myer &
O'Brien— Alterations and additions to frame
residence on lot on N line of Eddy street, 137:0
W of Gough. W 137:6, N 120, W C3:6, S 120,
E <3:6: $31S0.
Clara M. Johnston (owner) with S. sSzanik
(contractor), architect T. Patterson R053 —
Plumbing, ebb fitting and sewering for a three
story frame building (fiats) on lot on E line
of_Steiner street, C5 S of Fell. S 30 by E 100;
$975.
Dora Armer lowner) with E. T.Lelter (con
tractor), architect Edgar A, Mathews— All
work v for a two-story frame building: (flats)
on lot on N line of Washington street, 87 -C
W of Lyon. W 25 by N 102:8%; $9750.
— * ? ' ''-'? »-\
Letters dropped Into a box in Paris
are delivered In Berlin within an hour
and a half, and sometimes within thir
ty-flve minutes. They are whisked
through tubes by pneumatic power. ."••,
Charles and Emma F. King to'Charlea Mor
ton, lot on N line of Post street, 85 W of
Gou;h. W 31:3 by N 6S:9; $10.
Mary E. Doran to Thomas Howell, lot on
E line of Leguna street, 24 N of Ellis, N 24
by E 75: $10.
6ATURDAY, JULY 2.
KEAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Movements of Steamers.
Ban Francisco; German stmr Arabia, for :
Btmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco: echr Wil
liam Bowden, for Kaichou; schr Virginia, for
Ban Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed July 8 — Stmr
Bonlta, for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 8— Stmr
State of California, from San Diego, for San
Francleco.
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed in July 8— Schr
Fearless, hence July 15 for Belllngham.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 2— Btmr
Santa- Monica, for San Francisco; Btmr New
burg, for San Francisco.
, ISLAND PORTS. \
HONOLULU— Sailed July 2— Stmr Argyll,
for San Francisco; bktn Archer, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr St. Hubert, for .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived July 8 — Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; St. Paul, from
Southampton and Cherbourg; Btmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool and Queenetown.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 3— Stmr Lauren
tine, from New York, for Glasgow; stmr Co
lumbia, from New York for GlasgowT
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 3— Stmr St.
Louis, from New York, via Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 3— Stmr Arabic,
from New York, via Queenstown; stmr Canada,
from Montreal; stmr Etrurla, from New York,
via Queenstown; stmr Georgic from New
York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July 2— Stmr Potsdam,
from Rotterdam, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 3— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
San Francisco harbor is noted in sons
and storv as the .world's fleet holder —
a bay capable of gathering within -its
rocky gates at once all the ships that
sail the oceans of the globe. Just now,
however, very few deep-water vessels
are moored^in the bay. Yesterday a soli
tary ship, a three-masted schooner Just
as lonely, a steam collier, lonesome and
coal-dusty, and a scow looking lost and
forgotten, swung at their chains. These
were in the lower part of the harbor,
while the northern portion was empty
from city shore to Marin and Contra
Costa flats.
There are, however, 142 vessels hurry
ing under sail or steam from foreign
ports bound for this bay. A number
of them are overdue. One of these, the
ship Montebello, is 177 days from Swan
sea with a reinsurance of 15 per cent.
The British ship Greta is 27 days from
Honolulu — se.ven to nine days longer
than the ordinary run from that port.
The bark Kaiulani is twenty-four
days from the same place. She often
makes the trip in eighteen. The Brit
ish ship Stanley Dollar is nineteen days
from Hakodate and slightly overdue.
Two more vessels due from the Hawai
ian ports are the schooner H. C. Wright
and the bark R. P. Rithet, both twenty
days out. The British Totmes is due,
ninety-four days from Hamburg., Her
coal cargo took fire the first part of
the voyage and she was forced back
to port. This gives her leeway- and off
the overdue list. The British ship Wa
vertree is 144 davs from Newcastle,
England, while the ship General de
BoisdefTre is 151 days out from Swansea.
Other ships are the Wanderer, 163 days
from Antwerp, the Dunbrldge, 141 days
from Hamburg, and the Russian ship
Glenard.'137 days from Dunkirk.
One of the overdues has given an am
ple reason for her misfortune and she
may be called the unlucky craft of the
fleet. This is the British ship Bayonne,
now 2G8 davs out from Dunkirk. On
December 12, 1903, she put into Mon
tevideo with rigging and spars dam
aged. Her captain was lost at sea
during a' terrible gale. She was de
layed in that port until May 10, 1904.
The ship Routenburn is 19S days out
from Newcastle, England. On Jauary
16 she arrived at Queenstown in dis
tress, with deckhouse stove in, sails
blown away and cabin flooded. She
sailed February 26 for San Francisco.
Of the overdue ships for reinsurance
the Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth, La
Rochefoucald and Largo Law are
posted at 7 per cent; the Sierra Mi
randa at 10, the Wvnford and Monte
bello at 15 and the Norwegian bark
Parknook, 137 davs out from Chitta
gong for Trinidad, at 40 per cent.
Unlucky Member of Fleet,
the Bayonne, Over a Year
Out, Loses Her Captain
M0NTEBELL0EEINSUEED
The act providing for the construc
tion of the American scouts reads as
follows: "Three scout cruisers, of not
more than 3750 tons trial displacement,
carrying the most powerful ordnance
of vessels of their class; to have the
highest speed compatible with good
cruising qualities and great radius of
action, and to cost, exclusive of arma
ment, not exceeding $1,800,000 each."
The total cost of each vessel is esti
mated at $2,200,000 according to figures
furnished by the several bureaus in the
Navy Department, the details of which
together with those of the British scout
Sentinel are! given in the following
table:
American. British.
Cost — 3750 tons. 2900 tons.
Hull and machinery. $1,800,000 00, $1,330, 735 00
Armament 375,000 00 47,110 00
Kquipment*. ........ ' 25,000 00 - ..."..;..
Incidental charges.. 22,225 00
The armored cruisers North Carolina
and Montana are to be of the same
general design as the California class
of six ships designed in 1S99, which are
13,680 tons displacement on a mean
draught of 24 feet 1 inch. .The two
proposed ships are to have a displace
ment of 13.800 tons on 24 feet 6 inches
draught, 22 knots speed and their ten
tative main batteries will consist of
four 8-inch and fourteen 6-inch guns,
and are also to be fitted with sub
merged torpedo tubes. The new ar
mored cruisers are of 700 tons less dis
placement than the Tennessee and
Washington, planned in 1902, but their
estimated cost of $6,455,038 exceeds the
average cost of the California class of
$5,553,757, and that of the Tennessee
and Washington class of $6,090,038.
The Duke of Edinburgh class, of six
armored cruisers for the British navy
of 13,500 tons and 22.33 knots calculated
speed, are estimated to cost about $5,
650,000.
The three scout cruisers are to be
improvements on the Novik and Boy
arin, built for the Russian navy in 1900,
and likely to be far superior to the Sen
tinel class of eight vessels in the Brit
ish navy not yet completed. The
Novik and Boyarin are of. 3080 and 3200
tons respectively and have a trial speed
of 25 knots; their armament Is six
4.7-inch and eleven smaller guns, and
the normal coal carried is 600 tons. The
vessels proved so satisfactory that two
more, the Izumrud and Jerngotchug of
30S0 tons have since been added to this
class. In 1903 Great Britain followed
the lead of . Russia and ordered four
scouts ranging from 2S00 to 2900 tons
to have a speed of 25 knots, with arma
ments consisting of ten 12-pounders
and eight smaller. The limited dis
placement reduced the coal carried to
150 tons on normal draught and the
bunker capacity to 380 tons. This
inadequate supply makes it a foregone
conclusion that the vessels will be un
suited for the service as scouts, as
they will be» unable to get far away
from the coal bunkers ashore. Not
withstanding this serious defect four
additional scouts of less displacement
have been ordered.
AMERICAN SCOUTS.
Prior to the outbreak of the war
Russia sent several hundred shipyard
mechanics to Port Arthur and since
hostilities began 2000 have been for
warded from Baltic shipyards and 1500
from naval stations on the Black 'Sea.
Building I and repairing operations at
the latter dockyards have been almost
suspended and hard times prevail In
the localities which largely depended
on work in the dockyards.
VTen vessels were authorized to be
built by act of Congress, approved
April 27 last. This number includes one
battleship, two armored cruisers, three
scouts, two colliers and two sea-going
tugs, at a total estimated cost of $27,
5S0.933. None of the plans have yet
been completed and it will be at least
six months before contracts can be
awarded and actual work begun, but
the war vessels have already received
their names. The battleship will be,
known as the New. Hampshire; the
armored cruisers as North Carolina
and Montana; the scouts as Chester,
Birmingham and Salem, and the col
liers as Erie and Ontario.
The proposed battleship New Hamp
shire will be of the same size and gen
eral-dimensions as the Connecticut
class, of which five are building, name
ly: 16,000 tons, 450 feet length, 70 feet
10 inches beam, and 24 feet 6 inches
mean draught. The engines are to be
of j 16,500 horsepower, giving a speed of
18 knots: normal \ coal capacity, 900
tons; full capacity, 2200 tons, _with
which the ship will draw . 26 feet 9
inches. The main battery is composed
of four 12-inch, eight 8-inch and twelve
7-inch; the secondary Dattery, subject
to slight alterations, of twenty 14
pounders, twelve 3-pounders, six 1
pounders and also two submerged tor
pedo tubes. The complete cost is esti
mated at 57,720,857 against an average
of $7,532,056 for the Connecticut class.
In the British navy the complete cost
of the King Edward VII class, of 16,350
tons and 18.5 knots speed, is 57,275,000.
NEW YANKEE CRUISERS. *
A Berlin company of capitalists have
hit upon a scheme for profiting by the
naval enthusiasm now animating Ger
many. They have rented a£out two
acres of ground on the outskirts of the
city, which has been turned into an
artificial la,ke. Ther* thirty-one minia
ture warships will go through evolu
tions. Large covered .tribunes, capable
of accommodating 4000 spectators, have
been' erected, from which the Berlinera
and visitors to the capital may learn
naval tactics. The exhibition was to
"be opened at the end of June.
The German battleship Lothrlngen,
13,000 tons and IS knots speed, was
launched May 23 at Danzig. She was
begun .March 31, 1903, and is about- one
half completed. Five battleships of
this type are in various stages of com
pletion and two more are to be laid
down, during the present year. They
carry batteries of four 11-inch guns,
fourteen 6.7-lnch, twelve 14 pounders
and twelve 1 pounders, in addition to
which are five submerged /and one
above-water torpedo tubes. The esti
mated cost of the Lothringen Is 0,
760,000.'
The damage caused to the Russian
battleship Orel, which ran aground on
her way from St. Petersburg to Kron
stadt, is so serious as to make it doubt
ful if she is worth the time and money
required for reconstruction. When the
¦ f vessel struck bottom she was trimmed
heavily by the stern and the water fall
ing rapidly the ship settled 20 inches
] aft and only 3 Inches forward. Af
ter several days hard work, tugs suc
ceeded in pulling th'e^Orel off and it
was then found that her back had been
strained. The ship was all complete
except her ordnance outfit and the bro
ken back will require the removal of
all the machinery, shafting,' boilers and
steam pipes, in addition to which the
entire middle portion of the hull may
have to be renewed .in order to come
back to the original shape. The Orel
is of 13,600 tons displacement, launched
at St. Petersburg in 1902, and her cost
was about $5,125,000.
RUSSIAN DOCKYARDS IDLE.
, /¦ (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ¦ ¦ ;
;-- ", SAN FRANCISCO, July, 87-B . P-\™. %
THE COAST RECORD.*
STATIONS. | jljigS- f* I
j I Ij I f
£**¦** 29.84 78.68 SW Pt.ddy T.
arB ° n 29.72 80 44. W Clear .00
l^reka 30.02 68 62. NW Cloudy T.
if 1 *"" 0 - 29.74 - 86 60 NW Clear .00
S. E. Fnrallon 62
Flagstaff 29.68 82 46 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. ....29.78 86 60 NW Cloudy .00
Independence .29.64 90 64 8 Clear .00
« _ An K fl «s- -29.88 78 68 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.89 67 68 W Clear .00
North Head.. 29. 98 66 50 NW Cloudy T.
Phoenix 29.62 lOSj 70 W Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 29. 85 63 49 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 20.84 82 62 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29. TO 96 62 SE Clear .00
Roseburg ....29.88 82 64 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.80 76 54 SW Clear .00
San Francisco.29.94 66 60 W Cloudy .00
8. L. Obispo. .20. 94 .64 62 W Clear .00
Fan Diego.... 29.88 CO 60 SW Clear .00
£<¦&!*'» 29.88 S2 68 W ' Clear T.
Spokane 29.80 88 60 K Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.90 62 48 SW Cloudy .00
Walla WaJla..29.90 84 63 S Rain .02
wlnnemucca .29.72 84 62 NW Clear .00
Y""» ...29.62 102 70 BW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
. Fair weather prevails orer the Interior of
the Paciflo Slope and cloudy weather along
the coast from San Francisco northward and
over the Rocky Mountain region. Light show
ers have occurred in the eastern" portions of
Washington and Oregon, thunderstorms
are reported at Walla Walla and Pocatello.
The pressure has risen along the coast and
fallen over the interior.
The temperature has risen orer Northern
Washington and fallen rear Sacramento: in
oth«»r districts the changes have been alight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July 4:
Northern California — Monday fair In the in
terior, cloudy along the coast, probably with
sprinkles in the morning: fresh westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
WMt wind.'
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday
with light sprinkles In the morning; fresh
westerly wind.
G. H. WIL.L.SON, Local Forecaster.
One Hundred and Forty-Two
Vessels, Many of Them Now
Due, Bound for This Port
speed, have yet been given out by the
Navy Department, but It Is to be as
sumed that the speed will be 25 knots
as in the Sentinel. The latter vessel
is of 17,000 horsepower and the contract
price of machinery is $784,060, being
$46 12 per horsepower. It will require
at least 20,000 horsepower to drive the
American scout of 3750 tons at a speed
of 25 knots, and the cost of machinery
at an advance of fifteen per cent over
the British cost, or say 553 per horse
power, would be $1,060,000, leaving
$765,000 for hull and equipment- This
latter sum wou}d be at the rate of $204
per ton displacement, against $199 30
per ton cost of hull and incidental
charges. The conclusions to be drawn
from the foregoing comparisons of cost
are that the Navy Department is able
to procure vessels at an Increased cost
of less than twelve and a half per cent
on similar British ships, which Is
greatly at variance with the state
ments of Messrs. Olcutt and Bowles,
who recently asserted that American
ships cost from forty to eighty per cent
more than those built In England.
A Persistent Patriot.
The peace of the Sabbath was on the water
front yesterday. Not a ship — not even a clum
sy sailing scow — bumped into another vessel or
a wharf, and not a deep sea drinking: mariner
tumbled overboard to be fished from the bay,
water and beer logged. But on* person tried
to break the quiet of the day and he only suc
ceeded in part. His name is John Adams and
he told the police ofScer who wrote this his
toric cognomen on the archives of the police
station that he was of the race of American
Presidents and was endowed with the inalien
able right to celebrate the Fourth of July as
he pleased.
Adams first wandered Into the Mariners'
Church, where the morning services were being
held. His demeanor while there was too up
roarious for even tha lone suffering worship
ers and be waa gently lad out Into the street.
He next turned up in a water front saloon,
where patienea with noisy, intoxicated people
13 not a striking virtue. "WTjen he hurriedly
quitted this place he had a bleeding nose and
a mild scalp wound. He was wise enough to
find the Emergency Hospital, where his
troubles were attended to. He went out in
the street with the expressed and laudable de
termination to bring bis celebration to a close
and so home. Instead he prolonged his pa
triotic festivities till a policeman ended them
and entered the name of Presidents at the
Harbor police station. He was the only
drunken roan on the water front and was a
monopolist in his special line of patriotic ob
servance. He will remain with his police
guardians till Tuesday morning.
However, Eastern Democrats can
only act as though Mr. Bryan wer« not
on earth until the morning of the con
vention. Then If they will look over
the St. Louis papers they will make a
great discovery.
Thirty-One Toy Battleships and Other Craft Will
Maneuver on Artificial Lake, From the Shores
of Which Spectators Can View Sham Conflict
HARBOR LACKS
DEEP SEA SHIPS
MIMIC NAVAL WARFARE WILL
ENLIGHTEN KAISER'S SUBJECTS
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, MONDAY, JULY 4, 1904.
WEATHEE KEPOKT.
10
RAUiTTAY TRAVEL.
# Trains lea»e sad art da*
to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
F»OH JiTLT S. 19M.
FXMtT DSTOT
(Toot of Market Street >
i.«at« - MAIN LINE. - akw'
7.00a Vacivliie. Wloters. itnm«ey« 7.50^
7.00a Beaicia. aimlrm >n<l Saermment*.. 7.20P
7.30a VaUrJo. N *,'•«. Callstosa, 3.»at»
Horn. Martinez. StaRanoa 8 2C»
7^0ANi;ea,Tracr. Lntarop. Stocictoa.... 7-20"
8.00a Shmia Ezpreiv— |Vh Dartt),
wii!Umi (for Bartlett Sprfnci). '
Willow*. tFrots. Kert Bluff,
Port'sad. Tacoma. Seattle 7-58»
8.00a D»t!». Woodland. Knlshts Liuidtsg.
MarysTille. Cileo, OroTille 7-50*
B-SCa Pors Coita, Uart!aez. Aatlnca,
Byron. Tracy. Stockten. Ifew-
sn»n. Los U»bos. M - « 4 a t v
ArmoBA. Hinmrd. Vlialla,
' Porterrllle- 4.20^
BJOAPnrt Costa. Modtita, Merced.
Fremo. Go^lisn Jaaetloa, llaa-
ford, Vlraiia. Bakenaeld 4.90*
8.30a Kilea. San Jote. LtTermors. Stock-
too. (<-Milton>. looe. Saernmeato,
MarysTllte. Chtco. Red Elu.T .... 4.20*
8.30a Oakdaie. Chinese. Jaoextown. So-
nors, Tnolumne and Angola 23*
8 COa AUantle Express— OK(!eaaad E»««. 5 2fl»
•J0a Richmond, MarUaez and Way
Stations SSO*
19 COa The OTerlaad Limited — i 'clea.
Omaha, Chicago, Denrer, Kaa«»»
.. .. Ciiy. St.Lc»l« S20*
JO^OA Vallejo 12-20*
104J0A Loa Ancelea Puneaeer — Pert
Coita. Martinez, Byroo. Tracf.
Lathrop. Stockton, Murced.
Raymond. Tresno. Oesben June-
t!oa. Hitnford, Lemoore. Tlsalia.
Balcer»fleld. Loa Anselea 7.20»
72-Cuwi nayward. Niies and Way Stations. 3.20»
ti-COc Sacramento River Steamer*. 11 1. 00*
3 ZQc Bealcla. Winters. Bacrameato,
Woodland, WUloirs. Knlytats
L»nd!nsc. HMTSTllle, OroTftle
and way imions 10.60*
3*)*Hayw»rd.N!leeandlVay 8t»Uon».. 7 50f»
4X0l*MartIoes.San Ramon, Vallejo. Kapa,
Callstosa. Saota Rosa. 9 20a
4X0* Kilos, Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 4.20»
4J0PHayward. Sllcs. IrTlugton. San I t8.SOA
¦ ««_ o#e * LiTennore 1 111.60a
S-C9i>Tne Owl Limited— N'ewm»n. Los
Banos. Meniota. Fresno, Tttlare.
• _„ BakerfO«ld.LotAnr-iet. 850a
1S30* Hayward. Sties mirt (<an Jose 720a
600p Uajward. Nliesand San Jose 9-bOA
BXOp Eastern Express — Ogaea. Omaha,
Cbtcaco. l>envsr. Kansas city.
St. Louis, via \fsrtinez. Stockton,
... Sa«raineat<«. Golfax. Reno 1268*
B.OOp Vallejo. dally. except Sunday.... » 7 - n _
7 OOP Vallejo, Sunday only f '•»«*
7-00Pblch!nond, Saa Pablo, Port Costa,
_ __ MartJne* and Way Station* 11.20a
7-COPBeno Pawenger— l*crt Costa, Sal-
snn. Rlmlra, Dst1». Sarra.-nenro.
Track ee. Lake Tahoe. Reno,
.„ Tonopaa. Sparks. , 7-50*
• .OSPPort Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
. iiffrcrd, BereBtia, Fresnn and
m " Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20*
B-D6P Tonemite Valley, Tla Berenda and
. „_ ¦Wawona 850a
8-OSp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
S.O&p Oreftoa it California Express— eac-
raraento, Marysville. neddlns.
Portland. Pnset Sound and East. 3.50a
0.10* Hsfward, Klles and San Jute (Sua-
dayonly) 11-50*.
COAST LINE Uarnm Uams).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7-45 A Santa Cruz Eicur«Inn(So-jrtsy only) 8-10*
8.16a Newark. OentfirTille. San Jose.
?elton, BonlderCreek. Bl ffBaatn,
_,._ Santa Cms and Way Stations... 655*
T3-15A Alrarado. Xewarlc, Saa Jose. Los
eatos,Glenwood. Felton. Boulder
._._ Creek. BijtBasia. Santa Crnr... y 8.10*
t2.15p5*wark, Cent«rTtlle, San Jose.
Kew Alaaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Cr«iek, Santa Crns and
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4.15p Wewark, San Jose, Loa Gatas tt.55*
4-15PWrljht. BonlderCreek aad Santa
Crax, aatnrday and Snnday only. »8-5S*
COAST LINE (broa.l Uaa«e).
UT* (•fnlrJ »m>i Townsenil Streata.)
6.10a Ssn Jose and "Way Stations 830*
t7- 00a 8an Jose and Way Stations fi 40*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crns Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10.30*
8. 00a Kew Almaden (Toes., FrJJ.. on!y), 4.10a
8-COATne Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa
VargarlU. San Luis Obls?o.Santa>
Barbara. San Bnenaventara.
MontalTo, Oxnard, BoriMtnk, Los
Angeles. 13 43»
8 COa Gilroy. Holllster. CastroTfli*. Del
Moate, Pacific Oroye, Surf, Lorn-
poc.;.. / ' 19.43a
8.00a Baa Jose, Tres Pluos. Cap«t«la. ' m ~"~
B.intaCruz,PictncGrove.S.4ttaaa.
8an Lnls Obispo and PrinelMt
Way Stations 4.T0w>
1040a San Jose and Way Stations ISO*
11 -30a Bantu Clara. San Jose, Let Qatoa
„_. m and Way Stations 7.J0s>
.J-*"* 8 *" Jose and Way SUMoas „ 8 54a
tl-OQpDci Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
PaeiScOroTe '12 IS*
S40*Svrllngame. San J»se. Otlroy. Hoi-
lister. Tres Pinos. Pajaro, CapV
tola, Cms. CaatrorlHe,
. __ 8aJ!nCa,Pac!flcGroTe 10 48*
4SCpS«a Jose and Way Statics t3 OOa
1600PBcnU Clara. San Jo»e. Los Qatos. "*"
Wright and principal Way St*-
„ _. _ Oons (except SnndaT> t9 Ofla
( i^I P g« B J o «««ndl'r!nclpalWsySut!ons jl 40a
» 45* Sunset Express.— Kedwood. Saa "***•
Jose.Onrey.SalInas.PaiK> Roblea.
8aji Luis OMspo. Santa Barbara.
Los AjJgeles. Dewing. El Tmo,
B.45P Pajnro. Capitoia. Saata Crux Ca»-
#o ,_ t »r<>jUle.DelMonteJ»aciacGroTo. tO46>
t6-15p «aaMateo,Bereaford.Bet«ont.8aa ' v ~ ow
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
• ** .Memo Part. Palo Alto t«48a
5^ p 5 M Jog< • n<1 Wa T Statlooa. «.«4a
8 .OOP Palo Alto an<l "Way Stations 10.15a
11.30P South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bar-
Ungame. 8an Mateo. Belmont.
tan Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka, ' i • '
m . _-, Memo Park, aad Palo Alto 9ASm
111 30PMayneld. Mountain View. Snnay-
?«K Lawrence. Santa Clara and
B « n Jw ta.43»
A for Morning. p for A f teraooo. "" '
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sand<ty only
• Saturday only. o Monday only.
i bimot at ay. st % tlea* on anndjy.
ffi»^aK^^4w&S KUoo VALLEY*
CAZADERO, Etc.
iiSSlJSSE^ 1 - Vi* Sausallto Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San 1 Francisco, weelc days, at
6:30 7:10. 7:43, 8:30. 9:13, li):0<>, 11:00 a. m
(11:10 a. m. Eausalito only), 12:iO, 1:15. 3:13.
4:00. 4:35, 6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:^0.
11:35 p. m. Sunday3 aad le>cal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:3u. 9:15. lo:00. 11:00 11:10
a. m.. 12:20. I :CO. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:GT».
6:15. 5:50. tt:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20. U:35
p. ro.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 6:17,
7:C0. 7:35. 8:15. 9:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m.»
12:05. 1:25, 2:50, 3:35, 4:20, 5:03, 5:40, 6:15,
6:55, 7:55, 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays an<i
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05
S-.5O p. ro.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3:13 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundayi
1 and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15 10-00
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and S:15 p. in.
; , THROUGH TKAIXS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero ar.d way ttatlons.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— Kor Point Keyei,
3:15 p. x m. daily except Sunday— For c«a
dero etc.
;' 5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and gun.
i day— For Point Reyes, etc.
. 7:15 p.. m., Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
8:1S p. in.. Sundays only — For Cazadera. «t«.
TICKET OFFICE-€26 Market it ¦
, FERRT— Union Depot, toot of Market §t» , i
RAILWAY TRAVEL*
icALIFORNIA J **~§
I LIMITED TO CHICACOg
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS N
£ at O:.'i(> a. m., throngli in 3 days, Rl
I with diner and all>trapptngi. @|
Other Santa 7a Trains:
7:30 a. m.l tor Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8 loo p. m'. J Merced. Hanford and Viaalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Zlarket St. and
Terry Depot, 8. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 27 South First St..
San Jose. \
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
I AN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIFI5
BAXLWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAir 7SAZTCTSCO TO SATT EAFASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:0O 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m. .¦
SAIT EAPAEL TO SAH FBASCISCO.
VEEK DAYS— «$:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, t>:20.
11:15 a, m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40, 6:00. 6:20,
; 6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50 1 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
T5:4O, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- ( Sun- I Weelc
Days. I dale. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:30a Ijrnaolo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3Op 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20a 10:20a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:80 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
'• Windsor!
7:30a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 pj 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
• ( Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 al 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
I I wants. I j
7:30 a| 7:30 af Sherwood. [ 7:25 pf 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guerneville and 110:20 al 10 :20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p( 6:20 p
~8^6b~afS:OOa ~~' 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 pi 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
( 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2 :30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Pulton for Burke's Sanitariunt; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Gtyserville for Skaffgs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs: Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. carls-
bad Sprints, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes* Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknclls
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr** Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brasjr
Westport, Usal: at Willlts for Fort Brae**
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonl
ville, Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens.
Dyer, GarberviUe. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all nolntj
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RYAN
Gen.. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
e T6 » T» fcMilite Frrrf ArriTe
San Frauclsco t**t »f Market SI San Frandsco
Week Sun- ¦-f/H&L. Suu- Week
8:30a ggggla T2li5l—a-4Sl
iW-A" !? : S2 A BS^gCTHW 2:05 r Mi.05 a
I ? : ?° A 'I : 2° A \1^3^y 3:35 r 3.3S p
B:16r l;45p TSaSft^ 6:15 p IO-.0& i
yf &B0r
* Tit CrtTttj Car. T tiiwlpali to Ml Ttlltr.
Ticmt J628 ' 8t. (North Bhore Railroad)
Ornczs laud Sacs auto First, root Market ai
gTUTTEIUXG, AND STA3IMEIUXG.
AT Melbourne Inrtitute, Van Ness & Market.
)!< taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne !n V. S.: private: established 3
yea re lntf>. F. Tel. Mint 2828 from 1 to S p.m.
EiETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. .
Birth. niErria^e and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name end residence of per-
t-ons authorised to have the same publishes.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
cf the event are published ccce In this column
Iree of charge.
BOKX.
H ATKINS— In this city. July 2. 1904. to the
wife of John B. llarkins <nee Rumley). a.
rrm. .
MARRIED.
C/.nnOLLr-ADLER— In this city. April 25.
1004. by Hew U C. Stanford. William Har-
rison CarrcM and Augusta S. Adler.
HKSS— TORJUNG — In this city. June. 2. 19O«.
by the Ilev. M. H. LJeb«, Frederick Hess of
1'oint Itichinond and Frieda. Torrlns of St.
lv=i:U. Mo.
SJ'-INTYRE— RABJOHN— In this city. July 2.
1S01. by Rev. H. IL Bell. Iler.ry W. Mc-
lrrtyr* and Elizabeth Rabjohn, both cf San
Francisco.
riUPEAUX— KELLY— In Ban Pablo, July 3.
1904 by Justice of the Peace E. B. Master-
con. John .\. Prideaux and Roee May Kelly.
h^th of San Francisco. ¦
DIED.
Albrecht. Mrs. 1^. Kelly. Ellen
Barry. William Kennedy. Charles
Hianchctte. Louis l^avln, Cclestine V.
' "asey. Margaret H. McKeon, Michael W.
<"o!e. Jam«-s S. *!oore. lister H.
Cooper. Walter A. Orr. William J.
i 'umphy, Samuel Hanzulo, Howard D.
Kar.r.lng (lnfar.t) Ricflock, Alexander
Flaherty, Margaret Charlotte
Trar.k. Isaac M. Stein. Eda.
Griffin, Josephine Stelr\ George
llar.d. Frances A. Stfliier, Jacob
l^tchifon,L>crothy M. tiiewart, Martha
ALCTiECHT— In FruitvaJe. July 2. 1904, Mrs.
I^aura Albrecht. mother of Mrs. Adam Gil-
liasd lira. A, J. McKnight. Mrs. C Lv
lMr.ciey and Mrs. D. H. Irwin. a native of
Germany, teed C5 years 2 months and IS I
<5a;-s. " !
BAKRT— In Pr.skar.ta, Tehama County. Cal..
July l. 10C4. William, d*«jly beloved brother
of James, Kev. Father Harry of St. Patrick's
«~hurch. and Sis-ter Damien or Dominican
Convent of fan Rafael, a native of L^stowel,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged l?0 years.
C3The funeral will take place to-morrow ¦
<TiicEdfly) at l):C0 o'clock from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solcr.n requiem high mass
will bt celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Ir.termrnt Holy Cress Cemetery. Remains at
'he parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707
Mission btreet.
The c.cmb»rs of Division 5, A. O. H. in A.,
are reyuerti-d to atter.d the fur.eral of the
late William Barry, brother of James J.
Barry, the Rev. Father Barry and Sister
r>axn!en of the Dominican Order. San Rafael.
Tuesday morn'.r.g at 0:30 o'clock, from St.
Patrick's Cl:urch.
K. J. CCRTIN, President.
E. P. HOGAX. Secretary.
All members of the %\. O. H. in A. are
Invited to attend the fur.eral of William
Barry, brother cf James J. Barry. R*?v.
PUher Barry and Sister Pamien of the
Dominican Sifters, San Rafael. Tuesday
morning at 9:oO o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church.
DANIEL. FITZPATRICK. Pres. Co. Bd.
T. E. DL'NNING. County Secretary.
BLANCH CTTE — In this city. July 2. l»04.
Louis, beloved husband of Man' Blanchette.
father cf L'rs. Louise Dunnlgan and brother
Of Mrs. N. DeEautel ar.d Mrs. C. Emond, a
r.ative of Canada, aged C7 year* 4 months
and -1 days.
CTTrunds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Toesday) *t 8:."W o'clock, from the funeral
jarlors of Bunker & L*int. 2666 Mission 1
s-trcet, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
ihiru, thence to the Church of Notre Dame
<Jea Victoires. Bush street, between Grant
avenue and Stockton street, wh'ere a solemn
requiem mabs will be celebrated for. the
rejOie of his soul, commencing at 9:3t)
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY — In E'.mhurst. Alameda County. July
L'. U«04, Margaret Helen Casey, dearly be-
.^ved wife of Joseph J. Casey, and mother
<>f George. Lloyd and William Casey, and
sistt-r of .John Robertson, and niece of Mrs.
J. Cor.nolly. a native of Scotland, aged i$3
vcarf li mftr.ths and IS days.
ETTritnds and acquaintances are reepect-
mily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tu«-sday>. July 0, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 113" Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, where
i^ervic^j! will be held under the auspices of
San Francifco Circle No. 4!K>, Women of
Woodcraft. Interment Cypress Lawn Ctme-
• cry.
COLE— In this city. Italy 3. 1S04, James B.,
beloved ton of John and the late Jane Cole,
a native of Rhode Island.
C?"The fur.eral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday). July 5. at 8:15 o'clock, from the
jiarlcrs of Carew & KngliFh, 2T» Van Ness
a\enue. thence to St. Dominic's Church,
wbeic a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for th-f repose of his eouI, commencing at
i» o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COOPrUt— In Oakland. July 3, 1904. Walter
A. Cooper, brother of Mrs. A. C Scoville and
uncle of C. A. Scoville, a. native of New
York. air«>d CO y^ars and 2 months.
DL'MPHY— In this city, July 1. 190i, Samuel,
beloved husband of Hannah Dumphy, and i
father of James. Samuel, May, Josephine j
tnd Francis Dumphy, Mrs. J. P. Burns and ;
the late Daniel Dumphy, a native of Belfast, '
Ireland, aged 49 years 2 months and (i days.
CyFrhnds and acquaintances are rr*pect-
fully invited to attend t-he funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
3. C. O'Connor & Co., TC7 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, wh<;re a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FANNING— In this city. July 8. 1901. infant
daughter of Thomas and Maggie Fanning, a
native of &aa Francisco.
FLAHERTY — In San Jose. June 30, 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Flaherty, mother of James J. and Thomas
F. Flaherty and Mrs. Annie T. Hanley. and
f-ister of Thomas Nolan and Mrs. Ann Con-
nolly of San Jose, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years.
C7I'*riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 4. 1304. at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. James J. Flaherty. 164 Clara
avenue, near Eighteenth street, thence to
the Church of the Most Kory Redeemer, en
Diamond street, near Eighteenth, where a
eolemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JTIANK— In Oils city, July 3, 19O4. Isaac M..
beloved husbar.d of Minnie Frank, and be-
loved father of Klsle Frank, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 42 years and IS days.
(Chicago. 111., papers please copy.)
GRIFFIN— In this city. June 30. 1904. Jo-
•pphine, dearly beloved daughter of Law-
rence and thi late Bridget Griffln. and sister
of Mary and John Griffln. a native of County
ICerry. Ireland, aged 27 years 11 months and .
0 days. (Portland papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
uily invited to attend the funeral to-day
Monday), at &:45 o'clock, from the parlors
i? E. Ca*tagnetto & Co.. 043 and C4S Vallejo
treet, thence to Et. Francis Church, where
i requiem hirh mass will be celebrated for
he repose of her eoul. commencing at V
.'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
t ND — At sea, on board the British ship Port
Clgln. Frances Amelia Hand, beloved wife
t Captain Frank Hand, and Elster of Dr.
It.. John D. and W. A. Beeston ard Mr*. ,
St. Nickson ©fj^ewcartle. New South Wales.
CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
end the funeral Wednesday, July «, at 10
''clock, from the chape' of N. Gray tc Co.,
S3 Sutter street. Interrpent Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
JTCHISON — In this city, July 2, 1904,
|)orothy Manon, beloved wife of J. W. Hutch 1-
' n, arid ci£ter of T. C. King, a nati# of
lav.EarhusettJS.
C3^The funeral services will be held this
ay <Mcnday) at 11 o'clock In the chapel at
lount Olivet Cemetery. ,
LX.T— In this city, July 3. 1904, Ellen Kelly,
native of County Donegal. Ireland.
2CNEDT— In this city, July 2, 1904, Charles
Kennedy, a native cf New York, aged eo
eart.
CTTriends end acquaintances are respect-
ully invited to attend the funeral services
o-rcorrow (Tuesday), July 5, at 1:30 o'clock,
t the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.,'
1KB* Mission street, between Fifteenth and
ixtoerth. Interment .private. Cypress Lawn
'ercctcry.
VI3T— In this city. -3«ly i 1 1904, Celo-tine
'lrsin'.a. dearly beloved da'ughter of P. J.
aad Ella J. Lavln. Elster of Peter J. Lavin,
and grar.dfiaughter cf Mrs. E. Fitzgerald, a
r.ative cf San Francisco, aged 17 years 8
months and 5 days. '
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 4C5 Flllmore street
thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-
lulcm high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf her soul, commencing at » o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
:KEON— In this city, July 3. 1904. at the
'evidence. 9:;o Florida etreet, Michael Wll-
liati.. «j"lovod son of Patrick and the lat«
Kate McKeon. and brother of Joseph P. and
\nna L. McKeon. a native of San Francisco
iKcd 1 year 2 months and 15 days. '
X)RE— In this city, July 1. 1004, Lester H
x-loved ton r.t Fannie and the late John H
Moore, and brother of Benjamin F, Nettie
ind Mattie Moore, a native of San Francisco
»sed 10 years C months and 21 days. '
CT'Kripnds and acquaintances are reapect-
ully invite! to attend the funeral services'
o-mortt»w at 11 :30 o'clock a, m
it the chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery Re-
¦nalns at the parlors of Halstcd & Co., 846
.Mission street-" JgfW*4ltSaMB*V
OKK— Xa PaEkasta, Tehama County, Cal.; Jnly
SALES
£» fes ¦£»
One Hundred and Twenty-Five
Horses (or Sale!
By order of Wm. Juell of Rocklln. CaL
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 125 horse. ¦
This consignment consists of a choice lot or
young geldings and mares, broken and ua-
broken. weighing from 1C0O to liOO pound*.
Sale takes place on
Wednesday July 6, at II a. m.
At J. B. KORAN'S SALE TARDS. corner
TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
Horses can be seen at yards at any tlm«
previous to sale.
-•-.-•.• 9. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£b& -^ £&
Just Arrived.
80 FINE DRIVING and WAGON HORSES, all
WELL. BROKEN. SEVERAL. MATCHED
TEAMS AND BLACK, s A.DDL.E HORSES.
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 ThiiM at.. Near Folsom.
Wit O. LAi'XO, Auctioneer.
»»^ By order of X>. Selmen of San Jose, I
>^TTk ¦will sell at auction, one car of all-
purpose horsea. with a lot of good wagons,
buggies, surreys, carts and harness at 1140
Folsom ft., Tuesday. July 5. at 11 a. m.
W1L.LIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
I, William J.. beloved brother of Dr. Robert
H.. Llzia A. and Annie C. Orr, a native of
San Francisco.
(E7"rhe funeral trill . take place to-morrow
rrue«Iay) at' 0:30 o'clock from St. Patrick b
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Crocs Ometery. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., iG7
Mission street.
RANZULO— In this city. July 8. 1904, at the
residence of his parents, 2422 Flllmore street,
Howard Dominic, infant son of Anthony A.
and Lsonore Ranzulo (nee LuKagn), a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 months and 6 days.
CC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
RIDDOCK— In this city. July 1. 1904, Alex-
ander Riddock. husband of JeeMe Riddock,
and father of Mrs. L. Conger. W. N.. A. S.
and G. H. Riddock, Mrs. A. F. MacPhee and
Grace Riddock. a native of Scotland, aged
74 years and 6 months <
E7Friends and acquaintance* ar» rccpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock. Trom the Mission
Masonic Temple, under the auspices of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 1G9. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment at Mountain View Cemetery by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
rtreete. Remains at 132A Valencia street.
SCHNEEGASS— In Cazadero, July 8. 1904.
Charlotte Schneegac*, beloved wife of the
late Adolph SchneeRass, and mother of Mrs.
A. Goehring. Bertha. Amelia. Fred and
Adolph .Schneesass, a native of Gotha,
Bixony, Germany, aged 75 years.
6TEIN — In Perrls, San Bernardino County.
Cal.. June 29. 1904, Eda, beloved wife of
the late George Stein, a native of Thurlnger,
Germany, aged 40 years 1 month and 23 days.
A nvmber of Hoffnung's Lodge No. 1, Od. H.
i3. — S.. and San Francisco Frauen Vereln. |
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
STHIN — In Perrls. San Bernardino County.
Cal.. June 29. 1904, George, beloved husband
of tlie late Iida .Stein, and brother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Becker, a native of Rhelnpfalz.
Germany, aged 44 years 4 months and 12
days. A member of San Francisco Backer
Vereln and Bakers' and Confectioners* Union,
1joc&1 No. 24, and Eureka Lodge No. 6. Od.
H. S.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are reapect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 p m.. from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr t Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
To the Officers and Members of the San
Francisco Frauen Verein — You are hereby
requested to asremble at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, to-day (Monday), July
4. at 2 o'clock, to attend the funeral o* our
late member, Mrs. Eda Stein. .JJy order {
MRS. V. WREDE, President.
MRS. ANNA MAAS, Secretary.
STEINER— In this city. July 2. »04. Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Marguerite Stein-
er, and father of Vera Utelner. and brother
of Mrs. Kuhlenkamp, Mrs. ICachert, Mrs.
I'lemlng and Nick Steiner, a native of Au-
rora. 111., -aged 30 years 5 months and 18
days. * A member of Journeyman Butchers"
P. and B. Association 1 ; Butchers' Union. Lo-
cal No 115. and Court Golden Era No. 36,
F. of A. (Chicago. 111., papers please copy.)
•CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr &. Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. «
To the Officers and Members of Journey-
men Butchers' Protective and Benevolent
Association: You are earnestly requested to
assemble at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street between Seventh
and Eighth, to-day (Monday), at 12:30
p. in., to attend the funeral of our late
member. Jacob Steiner. Fines for non-at-
tendance. By order
BEN DAVIS, Sec. GUS LOEB, Pres.
To the Officers and Members of Court
Golden Era No. 36. F. of A. — You are
earnestly requested to assemble In Liberty
Hall. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell street,
at 12:30 o'clock this day, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. J. Steiner. Fines
for non-attendance will bo strictly enforced.
_ By order
• J. "W. STEANEART. Chief Ranger.
Attest: ERNEST F. MEYER, Rec. Sec.
STEWART— In Oakland. July 3, 1004, at 13G6
Castro strett, Martha, only* daughter of Rev.
l'aul and Anna Currle Stewart, a native, of
Springhill. 111., aged 5 years 4 months and
27 days:Joseph Larrien. a miner, who is con
fined in the detention hospital at the
City Hall, caused a mild sensation yes
terday by breaking a glass window.
Larrien was taken from his home at 519
Jackson street to the hospital last Sat
urday and placed in ward 6 pending
observations touching his mental cali
ber. Nothing unusual occurred in the
man's conduct until yesterday fore
noon, when with the leg of a chair he
pried the wire netting on the inside of
his cell from its fastening against the
v.indow sill and with one powerful blow
gent the entire pane of. glass out
through the Iron bars. The hospital
steward subdued the excited . patient
and strapped him to his cot.
The Latter Weakens in Seattle and Is
Hit Hard.
SEATTLE. July 3.— Earber relieved
Williams in the sixth inning after th<»
latter had weakened a bit. He al
lowed three runs, and waa batted all
over the field. The feature of the
grarac was Frisk's home run in the
fifth. The fielding on both sides was
poor. Score:
Seattle— I Oakland—
AH. R. H. P.A.! AH. It. H PA
Van H.ei S 2 '£ 2 1 Oanley.rf 6 2 4' 4' j
Mr.h3er.2b 4 X 2 2 6 Kraks.es 6 0 12 5
I>eich.:;b fl l p 3 1 UCrurr.cf 6 1 4 4 o
Prlsk.if. 3 J 3 3 1 f=ch!f:y.2b 5 © O 3 O
n:kRp.:t> s o 1 u osohrat.!r 0 2 3 2 t»
fca.lth.rf. R 0 o 2 0 r>evrx,:«b 4 2 0 1 1
Hall.tr.. 5 1 I ."* 4'Ptrclb.lb 1 0 1 • 0
¦VVilsoa.f. 5 0 2 3 HMoskUb 4 2 13 1
V.'liims.p 2 0 0 0 3|Ix)lirr.n.c .1 2 4 :. 1
Barbw.p 2 0 0 0 0 liuchan.p 5 2 111
Totals 43 7 11 27 3« Total* 47 U 18 27 JO
KUKfi AND HTT8 BY 1KKISGS.
Stuttl* 1 0 2 0 2 00 1 1 — 1
Un fciu. 2 0 2 0 ill 1 S-a,
BARBER RELIEVES WILLIAMS.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. July 3. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair Grounds
follow:
First race, five furlongrs. selling — Limerick
Girl 109. Azellr-a 104, Weberflelds 104. Willow
dene 103. Hadrian 101. Franco 101. Garrett
Wilson 101. Herslan OS. The Doctress 95. Fay
Templfton 03. Darthula 93. Zulelka d'Or 90,
La Princess SO. Sonya 60.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Jlmalong
108 Laseo 108. Evening Star 108. Fltzbrlllar
106' Jerry Hunt 104. Alice -Turner 103. Alfllo
103* Dallas 103. Potter 102.' Sid Silver 102.
DoiindllnR 100. Bensonhurst 97. Lady Ray 86.
Kadlum SO.
Third me*, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
InK— Pettljohn 107. Duccleuth IOC. Pompey 100,
Billy Moore 101. Lady Matchless 100. Wlssen
dlne 00. Nettie Regent flO. Ivernla 97. Tony
Lcpplng 00. Prcaknee* D5. Ascot 00. Quaker
Girl 88, Lady Fonse 87. Easter Walters 71).
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenth miles.
Independence handicap — Bernays 111, Snmbo
1C9 Jack Young 104. Taby Tosa 104, Warte
Nlcht-103. Montebank 05, Forehand 03, Light
Opera 93. South Breeze 87.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Elastic 124, " Ice
Water 112. Floral Wreath 110. Rebo 103. W.
P. Palmer 103. Red Thistle 103, Clear the
Arena 101. _ ' '
Sixth race, one mile — Terra Flrma 112. -First
Ma»on 110. The Itegent 102. Byron Ros« 104,
Harkamls 07. Fenian l»4. Fred Lcppert 94.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles, aell-
Ing— Boanter 104, Charles D li>2, Ada N 100
Koeryu 97. Salivate 97. Leenja 95. Caithness
9:>. Zclla Knight 90, Murmur 03. Mildred L SO.
Weather clear; track faet.
There is nothing natural about some
women but the foundation and frame
work. ,
First race— Limerick Girl. Hadrian,
Azcllna.
Second race — Jimalonjj, Lasso. Lady
Ray.
Third race — Nettie Recent, Easter
Walters. Lady Fonse.
Fourth 'race — Bernays, Jack Youne,
Taby Tosa.
Fifth race — ¦ Ice Water, Elastic,
Rclio.
Sixth race — First Mason,' The
Re~erit, Fenian.
Seventh race '— Boaster, Ada N,
Leenja: ? • ;->;:->
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
SIx-btrd pool — Feudner 6. Derby i (with
drawn) Golcher 6. McConaell 5. Hoillng «L
Nauman 5. Turner 4, Shields 0. Walsh 6. Belt*
eart 8 Johnson 0 (withdrawn).
Slx-blrd— McConnell 6. Derby 0 (withdrawn)
Shields 5. Walsh 6. Nattman «, -Johnson 4,
Holline 5. . .-'.. - . ...... , .. .,
The California "Wing Shooting Club
held its regular monthly shoot at live
birds yesterday at the Ingieside traps.
The club event was a 12-bird con
test distance handicap. The extreme
distance man, C. C. Nauraan, killed 12
straight, at 34 yards. He lost but one
bird in 30, at 34 yards. The pigeons
¦were an extremely strong lot- A
heavy wind was blowing: which made
the shooting difficult. The score:
M. O. Feudner. 33 yards, 11; P. B. Bekeart.
29 yards. 11: P- J. Walsh. 29 yards. 11; Lester
Wood. 29 yards, 1U W. J. Golcher. 20 yards.
10: Slade. 30 yards. 11; C. C. Nauman, 34
yards. 12; W. E. Murdock. 28 yards. 11; E. G.
McConnell. 31 yards. 12; A. T. Derby. 31
yards. 12; B. Klevesahl, :« yards. 12; A. M.
Shields. 26 yards. 0: -XV. Hanson. 27 yards. 10;
Frank Turner. 28 yards, 11.
Six-bird sweepstakes at $2 60 entrance—
Feudner 6. Holllns 8. Golcher 6. McConnell «,
Derby 6, Bekeart 4. Shields 6. Slade 3 (with
drawn). Walsh 8, Tnrner.5. Johnson 8. Smith
3. Hanson 6. Klevesahl 1 ( vithdrawn).
Score of the second was:
Misses bnt One of the Pigeons Out of
Thirty at Which He
Shoots.
XAUMAX PERFORMS i WELL
AT THE IXGLESIDE. TRAPS
SEATTLE. Wash., July 3. — A 600
mile trip with reindeer was made
this spring by I. L- Osgood. Leaving
Nome with two companions, a Lap
lander and - Finn. Osgood went into
the Slrsmareft Inlet country, the
round trip being made in fifty days.
At the head of Shismareff Inlet a num
ber af parties are working and expect
to take out gold in paying quantities.
On Cripple River, which empties
into Good Hope Bay. Osgood found
stream tin and cinnabar float. Several
men were found prospecting on Noyes
Creek, which runs into the headwaters
of Good Hope River.
Xome Miner Returns From Remote
Region AVith Good Report of
the Outlook.
PLENTY OF GOLD IN
SHISMAREFF COUNTRY
By the New Tork Morning Teleg-raph.
First race— Caller, Grandpa, Tip
Gallant.
Second race — Lconidas, Lady Ame
lia Hnmburc Belle.
Third race — Chrysitis, Ascot Belle,
Belle Sauvage.
Fourth race — Honiton, Highball,
Dalesman.
'• Fifth race — De Reszke, King Pen
per, Letola.
Sixth race — Little Em, AH Gold,
Toupee.
Seventh race — Douro, Florham
Queen. Leader.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
PENDLETON,' Or.. July 3. — A ter
rific wind and rain storm swept over
this section of. the country this after
noon, doing vcrv heavy damage to the
wheat crop and to city property. The
weather official reports two inches of
ram in twenty-four minutes. The Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany's tracks were washed out for sev
eral yards, but traffic was delayed only
a few hours. Cellars were flooded and
the streets and yards were ruined. No
loss of life has yet been reported. The
estimated damage to city property
alone is $20,000.
Property In the Vicinity of Pen
dlcton Suffers. Severely by I lain
arid Wind.
HEAVY. STORM CAUSES
DAMAGE IN OREGON
VANCOUVER. B. C, Julv 3. — An
exceedingly bold highway robbery oc
curred last night just at the outskirts
of the city. Seven thousand dollars
in cash was- stolen from the Quann
brothers, who operated the books at
the Dominion day races. They were
returning home in a hack with the
money in currency when they were
stopped by two highwaymen and were
made to deliver. One robber had a
revolver, while the other was armed
with a shotgun. They got away with
the contents of two valises, and.
though several arrests have been made,
none of the money has been found.
HlEhwavmen Hold Vp Two Racing
Men and Compel Them to Sur
render Their Money.
BOOK3IAKERS ROBBED OX
WAY FROM THE TRACK
The Pittsburg Twirlcr Has a Battle
Royal With llahn of the Cin
cinnati Team.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— Cleveland defeated St.
Louis to-day In a listless rame. A catch by
Hemphlll of Bradl«>y's liner In the fifth was
the feature. Attendance 15,400. Score:
/ R. H. E.
Ft. Loul« 1 10 1
Cleveland 3 7 2
Batteries — Dowell and Kahoe; Rhoades and
Betnls.
CHICAGCt July 3.— Detroit ehut the locals
out through the fine work done by Mullen. At
tendance 8600. Score:
' -• . R- H. E.
Chicago 0 5 I
Detroit 4 11. 1
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Mullen and
Wood.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 3. — Flaherty's triple
over Dolan's head «ent In the only runs scored.
Both pitchers worked brilliantly, but unfor
tunately for Hahn the team behlndtfhtm could
not make Its hits count. Attendance 8200.
Score:
R. II. E.
Cincinnati 0 5 1
PitUburg: 2 7 o
Batteries — Hahn and Schlet; Flaherty and
Smith. Umpires — Zlmmer and Moran.
CHICAGO. July 3— Su Louis to-day gave
the locals th« wont drubbing they have had
this seaeon. Attendance. 90CO. Score:
) R. H. E.
Chicago 2 6 4
St. Louis 1» 10 2
I Batteries — Lundgren. Brown and Kllng;
O'Neill. Zearfoss and Crady. Umplre^ — O'Day.
PITCHER FLAHERTY WIXS
GAME WITH THREE-BAGGER
Takr a Game From the Portland
Browns Aided by Errors.
PORTLAND. July 3. — The San
Francisco team came out of the
trance in which the members have re
posed for the past few days and took
a one-sided game to-day from the
Browns. Butler proved easy. Port
land's infield. Castro, Francis and
Raymond, took advantage of every
.opportunity to make fumbles. Their
error? contributed materially to the
f-ize of the score. Portland found
Knell only* five times, three of these
being in the rlrrt inning, before the
big twirler had warmed up. The
score :
Portland— , San Franclnco—
AB.R.H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Nad»*u.Jf 4 114 0,Wa!dn.cf :, o :i r, o
MoOd.rf 4 0 0 4 0 Illdtb.lf 4 0 3 2 0
rjrtan.cf 4 114 1 Meany.rf 4 1 1 2 u
Tieclclb. 4 0 2 7 l,tr»-|n.3b 5 1114
Rymd.Sb 3 O O 1 4 Andrn.ns 4 1 2 O 1
r««tr»5.2b 4 0 0 2 1 Reitx.2b. S 2 1 2 1
Fmcls.M 4 0 0 1 1 Twnfid.lb 6 1 3 12 0
? M«lmn,c 3 10 4 OjUrahy.c. 5 112 1
*'..->!-. p. 3 0 10 1 Knell.p.. 5 0 10 5
•Tblelmn 10000
Totals 42 7 16 27 12
Totals 34 3 5 27 9
•Th>lm«a batted for Butler In U*e ninth.
I'.L'.VS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 2 ©0010000— t
_ IJa> £ hf -« * 10 0 0 10 0 0-5
6sn Frarc<*co... 010222000^7
Bat* tits 12 13 2 3 11 2— 1C
SUMMART.
Bacrlnc h:t»— HIKfebrand *2). Mr-acy Ir^In
Arder.cn Errors — Itaymond <2> Castro
Francis (2). BuOer Waldron. Anderson. Earn °i
runs - Portland 2. S*a Francisco 1. s t0 "en
H 1 *^' f.^, 411 BaM '« on ba»»-Off Butler I
off Knell 2. Struck out— By Knell 2 T J"
bate h-.t-Ixahy. Threc-l«s« hltn-BeA. But
l»-r. Lt-ft en bas^—portland C. San Francisco
-15. Hit by pttehafl ball— By Butler WiM
p!tch-Kr. C :i KJwt ba~ on errort-PortUnd
1. B*n Vkudn « Time of game— Two hours
"VitfS 1 '* ISi:lul " !> "- Brown. Attendance
UNCLES MEN FINALLY WIX.
Oakland Turnvereln. monthly medal shoot
range— H. Wlndmlller 360: A En'
gelhart 271. J. Ottnat 14B. F. Mante 317." AC
Ahrena 227, H. Klelnenbrolch 297 A. La nd ;
graf 345. A. H. Schleuter .2S3. B. Brunge 274.
H. Loeffler 217. . - s
Veterans of National Guard — J. T. Walling
19 M. P. Hammon C. A. Noack 19 A H Me-
Kowen 11. Oeorfte Atkinson 13. A. A Fair
bank* 20. J. A. Taylor 15. A. T. Sherbern 12.
Corporal William Duesler 35. Lieutenant Dar-
Deutscher Krleger .-Vereln, monthly medal
and bullseye shoot— First champion class
O Dammer 804. First class — Charles Meyer
329 Second class— H. Henninger 312. Third
C l,pi« — c. Hartmann 304. Fourth class Her
mann Mohr 290. Best first .hot— X. Silber
zahn 24. Best last shot— O. Dammer 24. Most
centers— Jose Koeberle. Bullseyes— First
prize. C. Hartmann; second J. Koeberle:
third. John Bender: fourth.. X. Sllberzahn;
- Naval Militia, - monthly medal shoot— Flr«t
Division — John Ennls 35. John Duffy .17, Wil
liam Duffey 41. C. Back' 43. J. Hogan ,7. a.
Duff ey 29... M» Dooley ' .12. - Second Division —
F. R. Button. 4-1. 47; F. D. Burgess. 43. 45:
V Sutherland. 37. 37; W. A. Bode. 32. 33: A.
Cohn. 23. 28; J. Goesb, 21, 24; W, Morgan,
3S. S3. ', ,
Independent Rifle monthly medal shoot F
Schohay 44. FL V. Flannisan 5. P. Volkmanri
39. Sergeant M. Moennlng 12 XV. Goetien 17
Lieutenant H. Goetjen 36. Captain H
Schlichtmann 5S. J. Wlldermuth 3D E Marl
solf 27. E. Ruhland 21. Serceant C iverson
38, Corporal H. Marxolf 47. H. Becker 3"* • H
Ooetjen Sr. 20. G. Kellenberger 32. Cornorai
P. A. SchonfR 34, W. B. Cook 39 Corporal
P. Peterson 42. K. Wlchrowskl 12 "
Several clubs held their monthly
shoots at Shell Mound Park yesterday
and some good records were made
Robert S. Wixson of the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club made 398 in
twenty shots, which leaves him highest
in the second champion class.
The Veteran Reserves of the Na
tional Guard held their first shoot yes
terday. As some of them have not
handled a rifle in twenty years the
scores were not high. The veterans
will hold monthly shoots in the fu
ture. The scores were as follows:
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthlv
medal shoot: Second champion class— n i-
Nelson. l»0, 189—388; D. L. Hooklna 1T»
111-241: F. J. Povey. 180. 104-374; H klefn'
erbrolch. 180. 152-332; F. Mante. 179 in,
372; R. 6. Wixson. li>5. . 203— 308 : W siihT
1S1. 192-373. Best first shot-R ' s wfison*
21. Best last shot-F. J. Povey. 23 Fim
class— L. R. Murphy. 185. 142—327: J Rln«n
105. 175-370: C. Pries. 167. 141-308-p -rVJl'
son. 130. 182—312: E. J. Farley. 97 7o_- ?«t'
M. Lytjen. 84. 88-170; C. Otten. 171 isdL
321. Best first shot— L. R. Murphy. 22 BesT
last Bhot-L. R. Murphy. 25. Second cla"s—
L. A. Fratcs. 171, 133-304; W. Patton 14T
00-208: F. Troutt. 156. 124-280; \V Paulson
179. 174-353; W. Guild. 122. 18ll-303- J*
Logue, 127. 162-2S9; H. Lange. 73 TtO-Lio:
W. H. Wobber. 131. 165— 200: H KoffodlTa
144-299; b. Holmes. 112. 138— 250° h' Me"
Klnley, 101. 124—225; J. L. Dutton. 'l75 lanl.
374: R. C. Holmqulst, 151, 152—303- 'd H
Brunje. 117. 123—240; Dr. L. V. Fra'tes " 141
184-325; O. W. Hughes. 02. 05-187 Best
first shot and best last rtiot— Dr L. v
Frates, 24 and 21. Third class — B. Schullerts'
186, 186— 372: O. Skinner. 163. 130— 2»3- J
Gutenberger. 176, 192 — 308; F. OuDlissen 'i»t
185— 3S2; W. ,Greschbach. 151, 154— 305- A
KIrkaldle. 182..- 167— 349; W. Helns, 184 166—
350; H. VorI/172. 180-352; H. P. Kll'nkneT
185.,16n-354; A. Llebscher, 170. ISO— 368- L*
Delaver^ne. 98, 08—196: L. Larsen. 175 uiZl
310; Dr. C. E. Farman, 104. 177—341- f' Llnd
berB. 175. 1SS— 3C3: J. Kenney. 191.' 148—330
Best first chot — L. Larsen. 23. Best last shot— 1
W. Greschbach. 24. v
Robert S. Wixson Leads the Second
'Champion Class in the Pistol
and Rifle Club.
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOUND.
The owners of model yachts will sail
their tiny craft on the waters of
Spreckels Lake.
Although an unusually large number
of sport-loving people are out of town
for the holidays, a large attendance is
expected to-day at the annual cham
pionship rowing regatta of the Pacific
Athletic Asgociation. The events will
be^decided on Lake Merritt, Oakland,
commencing at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
The concluding matches for the ten
nis championship of the State will be
played at San Rafael
The San FraJicisco Coursing Club will
hold its first meeting at Ingieside Park.
A forty-eight-dog stake will make up
the card.
The cleverest of the lady golfers -will
meet on the links of the Burlingame
Country Club in friendly competition
for the valuable Poniatowski trophy.
Over at San Rafael a mixed foursomes
will be decided on the Happy Valley
links. •
Down at Colma a programme of ama
teur boxing has been prepared. There
are five bouts on the card. The main
event will be between George Sullivan
and Jack Sullivan, the heavy-weights.
An Intercity bowling match will be
held on the Golden Gate Park green be
tween teams representing Oakland *and
this city.
Oarsmen, Golfers, Courslngmen. Box
ers, Bowlers and Tennis Players
Plan Various Events.
HOLIDAY SPORTS PROMISE
EXCITING COMPETITION
Eddy threatened dire vengeance upon
his prospective brother-in-law, and
mentioned guns, Jails and other terri
ble means of punishment, but he wa3
unable up to a late hour to-night to
find any trace of the pair.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— Matt Eddy,
formerly of San Francisco, whose fam
ily resides there, appealed to the police
to-day to assist him in preventing the
clandestine marriage of his seventeen
year-old sister.
According to Eddy's statement to the
detectives his parents came to Los An
geles three weeks ago in order to pre
vent the elopement of his sister with a
man whose name he refuses to divulge
but who, he says, is prominent in San
Francisco. They kept a close watch
upon the girl until to-day and sup
posed she had abandoned the idea of
marriage. Without the knowledge of
the girl's relatives her Jover arrived
here yesterday and she disappeared to
day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 3.— Mrs. Mabel
McKinley Baer. niece of the martyr
President and vaudeville singer, is con
fined to her apartments, suffering from
a broken leg sustained at Arverne,
Long Island, on Thursday. Mrs. Baer
was billed to appear Thursday night
at Hurtigr & Seamon's Music Hall. In
stepping from an automobile in front
of the theater her right foot caught in
the step and she fell.
The physician summoned at first
eaid that Mrs. Baer had sprained her
ankle. Upon later examination, how
ever, it was found that she had broken
her leg. Mrs. Baer will be unable to
appear on the stage for two months or
more.
Niece of Martyred President Meets
With Serious Accident In Alight
ing From an Automobile.
MABEL. MeKINLEY BAER
FALLS AND BREAKS LEG
Gallant Youth Steals Away
With Lass When the Eela
tives Are Off Their Guard
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 3. — The Sheeps
head Bay card for to-morrow fairly
bristles with class. Large fields will
start in the various races. The entries
follow:
First race, about two and a half miles, the
Independence stakes, steeplechase — Grandpa
14ft, Caller 1C3. Topgallant 152. Judge Philips
153 Judith Campbell 149. Fox Hunter 14S.
AJIdaumo 140. Candling 139. Red Path loS.
Valdez 147, Whlneray 135, Paul Aker 133,
Gascar 130. '(AJidaumo and Red Path. Cham
plett entry: Judge Phillips and Gascar,
Schwartz entry.)
Second race, six furlongs, three-year-oli^s and
up— Reliable 138. James V 122, Lady Amelia
122. Jack o" Lantern IIS. Roehampton IIS,
Lord of the Vale 118. Hamburg Belle 117, Au
ditor 117, Orly II 115. Stamping Ground 113,
Lu x Casta lia, Ada Nay 113. Harangue 112.
Mlneola 112, Leonldas 112, Knight Errant 112,
Rcvane 107, Thlf-tle Heather 107.
Third race, five furlongs. Futurity course,
th* Vernal stakes— Chrysitls 122. SchulamlW
11!» Hello Sauvage 115. Incantation, 115, Dia
mond Flush lir.. Virgo * 115, Tradition 107.
Mirthless 107. Fancy Dress 107, Ascot Belle
107. Raiment 107. nixarir.a 107.
Fourth rate, mile and an eighth, the Long
Island handicap— Major Dalngprfleld 12(5. Hurst
Park 120, High Ball 115. Daleeman 114. Dolly
Spanker 108. lngold 10«. Carbuncle 102. Or
mond-'e Right 102. Honlton 9S. Sweet Alice OS.
Saivatella 9-i. New York 89. Illyrla 88. (Car
buncle and Polly Spanker. Wilson entry; Dales
man and Hurst Park. Corbett entry.)
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Clnclnnatu* 104.
Pan Lougln 103. Wyefirld 103. Do Resike 10.%
Gav Lothario UK). Palmb^arer 09, Agnes D OS.
Akela 09. King Pepper SW. pick Bernard 69.
Tomcod 01. Letola 8S. Bob Murphy Hi. Thistle
Heather S4. Tepee 05. Palmr«ader 06.
5lxth race, one mile, selling — Hello 103,
NamtiT 100 AH Gold 103, Bardolph 101. The
Cricktt 09 Irascible OS. Old England 08. Silver
I)av« DG General Roberts W>. W. B. Fasig 05.
NeitW One 91. fiabot 01. Champlaln 89. Little
Eni 6:t. Toupee S5.
Seventh race, mile and • quarter on turf-
Major Dalngerfl'ld I2R. Shorthwe 117. Leader
112 Carbuncl* 111. Douro 110. Florham Queen
lf>7 River Pirate 108. Brigand 102. The Cricket
90.' Illyrla 90.
Weather clear: track fast.
SISTER ELOPES;
BROTHER ANGRY
Initial Meet at Inglcslde.
San ¦ Francisco Club Will Hold Its
The San Francisco Coursing Club
will run Its first stake to-day at In
gieside Park. Forty-eight hounds
will start. The draw resulted as fol
lows:
Wattles vs. Dear Gaston; Annie Ryne vs.
Go On: Ruby Sankey vs. Belfast: Morning
Glory v«. Ragged Actor; J] C. Heenan vs.
PIXer: Laboring Boy vs. Jack Short: Royal
Friend vs. Idsho Boy: Little Plunger vs.
Johnny Rex: Donnybrook vs. May Tunnlson:
Paaha Pleasant vs. Mlsn Florence: Dartaway
vs Pasha King; Rey Dare vs. Mose: Alta
max vs. Oulda; Wedgewood vs. ' Shadow;
Frank Dunn vs. 'White Stockings: Lady Menlo
vs. Black Rlx: Rich Argosy vs. Silent? Water;
Sofala v*. Gallant Glancer: Mirage vs. Doro
thy M: Yellowtall vs. Fenll: Princess Savoy
vs Aggie W: Magic Stuff vs. Northern Alarm;
Toronto vs. Tabasco Bob; Boots vs. Old Iron
sides.
SPECIAL- COURSING STAKE.
The first final race, which was won
by the Santee. was the closest ever held
on the park lake. The first and third
boats were only eleven seconds apart.
B. Jurgert's fast model yacht Zampa
won the silver cup offered by the
Model Yacht Club directors yesterday
at Spreckels__Lake._Three. boats quali
fied' for ' the" finals. Under tKe rules
the boat winning two final races re
ceived the trophy. The Zampa won
the second and third. The Santee,
owned by Todd & Adams, won the first
final race. The Coronado, owned by
llcCleary, was the other model that
qualified for the finals, but failed to
win a race. The time made in the
three races was: Santee, 3:41," 4:20.
4:00; Zampa, 3:41, 4:11. 3:37; Coron
ado. 3:48, 4:26. 4:18.
The time was not as good as that
made last Sunday, owing: to the heavy
wind which prevailed. The best time
of the day was made by the Santee In
a trial race. Her time was 3:33. The
following boats won trial or 6emi-final
races: McCleary's Coronado, 3:57;
Todd & Adams' Santee, 3:50; Collier's
Fannie, 4:15; Jurgen's Zampa, 4:54;
Torsen's Roma, 4:25; Jurgen's Zampa,
4:00; Todd & Adams' Santee, 3:33;
McClejxy's Coronado, 5:04.
Takes the Directors' Cup In Sharp
Competition on Spreckels Lake,
Golden Gate Park.
JURGE.VS MODEL ZAMPA
IS FIRST IN YACHT RACE
•By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Clarion, Grand. , Freck
man.
'Second race — Edward Hale, Jerry
Lynch. Golden Mineral.
Third race — Schoolmate, WTiite
Plume, Ananias.
Fourth race — Colonial Girl. Bad
News, McGee:
Filth .race — Alma Defour, Major
Manslr, Rossmond.
Sixth race — Oiseau, Flaxman, Miss
Inez.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, July 3.— Horatlus, McGee.
Colonial Girl and other flyers will
meet to-morrow in the handicap at
Hawthorne. The day's entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Shower 93,
Norel t»5, Freckman U5. Grand US, Great East
ern 9S. Miss Anthony 03. Freeslas OS, Water
melon 100. Singing Master 100, General Stew
ard 100, Prince of Pilsen 103. Vlnctldes 107,
Clarion 100. Dr. Leland 109, Commander 111.
Second race, out mile— San Remo 102, Merry
Pioneer 102. Edward Hale 102, Mad Mullah
lo:5. Atlantico 100, Exclamation 1O«, Golden
Mineral 109. Jerry Lynch 109. .
Third race, one mile— Dalvay 102. Mlsa
Crawford 104. White Plume 104, Sweety 104,
New Mown Hay 107, Schoolmate 109. Lonsdale
1(>9. Ananias 109. '
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, han
dicap— Fonsoluca 101, Horatius 107, McQes
107. Colonial Girl H.iO. Bad Newt 109.
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling—
Alma Dufour S5. Christine A 92. Rosamond 90,
Valeat 102. Jack Doyle Kl3, Major Manslr JOS.
Mxth race, five furlongs— Bologna 103. Ivan
the Terrible 108. Paciftco 106, Florentine 100,
Pinkerton 110. Flaxman 110, Miss Inez 110,
Ol^au 113, Broadway Girl 115.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHOKXE ENTRIES.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. I
iPaclCo Coaist League.)
W. U l'ct.i W. L Pet.
Tac-ema 54 40 .57»'Oakland «:» 4.". .5.13
6*aule . r A> 41 .043 San Fran Ss E-S .41S '
1^-t .Vntries.il 42 .MSii'ortlanil 33 55 .373
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, July 3.— Norman Brashear,
released by Parke Wilson last week,
pliiyed his first game with Los Angeles
to-day, taki n? B— nurd's place In cen
ter field. The latter is ill. The Loo
Loos played a fine gaine. Flood, Toman
and Chase doing the best fielding. Ta
cema lost the morning <?ame on bunch
ing of hits, McDonald being batted out
x»f the box in the first inning. Fitzger
ald lasted but three rounds. Outfielder
Lynch pitched out the same, allowing
but one hit In five innings. The Tig«rs
larded on Wneeler but could not over
come the lead.
Newton OUlpltehrd Overall in the
*f:<?rnr>on. but the Ti.^rs played Sist
l«-fs!y and fielded like bush leaguers.
The Tac-oma players could not hit New
ton pafe-ly and the latter had floe sup
port. Several errors <jf judgment on the
part of the Tigers aided the Loo Loos
to get runs. The prettiest play of the
day was a double in the first Inning
from Nordyke to Sheeha/i to Hogan,
cutting off a run at the plate. Fisher
has released pitcher McDonald.
Scores :
MORNING GAME.
Tacotr.a — j Lo» Angeln —
AB. n. H. T. A.: AB. It. H. P. A.
Doyl*.rf. 6 12 2 0 Toman. s. 4 3 3 0 0
.- . • Mi :*h 4 0 114 Flood 2b. 5 10 2 3
Nrdvk.Ib T> 1 2 fl 0Pmith,3b 5 2 3 3 1
Eapan.t. 5 112 4 ISrshr.cf.. 4 3 2 11
Lnch.rf-p 4 2 3 2 OOrvath.rt 5 115 1
Caney.2b 4 12 3 lCliaae.lb. 5 1 2 4 O
MrLpn.lf .% 0 1 2 ORot*,lf.. fi I 2 2 <>
Uraham.e ."¦ 2 2 5 2'Sples.c 4 0 1 10 0
McDnld.p « O 0 0 O.Wheelr.p 4 0 0 0 1
Ftid.p-ct 51210
j Total*. 41 12 14 27 7
Totals. *3 9 16 27 Hi
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 3 3— 9
. Base h!t* O12O2O1S 5—1(5
Lo* Angeles « I O 3 0 0 0 2 0—12
Base tit* 6 2 060001 0—14
SUMMARY.
Krror» — Phe«>h»n. Nordyke. Graham. Smith,
out — By McDonald 1, by Lynch 3. by
Whaler 9. Ba*es on balls— By McDonald 1.
by Lynch 1. by Wbftler 2. Hit by pitcher —
By Whet'.er 1. by Fitzgerald I. Wild pitches —
Py FitzceraJd 1. by Whrcler 1. Stolen has.es—
Flood <2). Two-base hits— Lynch. Nordyke.
Crah&m iD. Casey. Cravath. Chate, Smith.
Krasht-er. Toman. Three- base hit* — Sheehan.
Bra*he«r. Earned runs — Tacoma B. Los An
rcie« S. Inning? pltchrd — By McDonald 1. by
FitzRe:»ld a. by Lynch 5. Left on bases — Ta
con.H 0. Los Angel's 5. Kits — Off McDonald <>,
off Kitstgerald T. off Lynch I. Time— One hour
and fi.':y-five minutes. Umpires — McDonald and
AIcC«rtby • - - -....¦
AFTERNOON GAME.
Tacoine — 1 Lo« Angeles —
AB.R. H. P.A.i ABU. H. P.A.
I>oyle, rf 4 1 OOo Tcman.ss 5 2 1 O 5
«-.?'.:..¦:¦ 4 O 0 2 3 Flood.2b 4 0 2 4 5 I
Nrflke.lb 3 © 1 » l.Smith.3b 4 1 O 1 1
Kacan.ss a 1 1 2 O'Brshr.cf 5 1 1 3 O
Lynch.cf 4 0 1 2 U Cravth.rf 3 1 1 1 O
<^!"»y.2b 4 O O 1 4 Chase.lb 5 2 S 15 0
MiUn.lf 3 O 0 3 O Rcss. If. 3 O 1 O O
Hutran. c 3 O 0 8 3 Spies, c. 4 1 0 3 0
'UveraU.p 3 0 2 0 3jNewtn,p 4 110 3
Totals. 31 2 5 27 14! Totals. 37 9 10 27 14
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma O O O O 1 1 0 O O— 2
Base hits 0O0O 1201 1—5
Los Armeies 1013004 00—9
Base bits 1023 1120 0—10
SUMMART.
Errors — Sheehan 3. Esgan, Lynch. Struck
out — By Overall 7. by Newton 3. Ba*es on
bail* — OS Overall 3. off Newton 2. Hit by
T'Stcher — Cravath. Pa#«ed ball — Hogan. Wild
pitches — Overall 2. Stolen baaes — Brashear,
Flood 2. Two-base hits— Overall, Nordyke.
Toman. Sacrifice hit — Koss. Double plays —
Nordyke to cheehan to Hofan: Smith to
<T.«He. Left on bn*es — Tacoma. 4. Los Angeles
«"• Time — 1 :45. Umpires — McCarthy and Mc-
Donald.
The programme book for the first
five days of the temporary meeting
shows purses of Increased value as an
offset to the absence of stakes. The
intention is to give several $1000
races. Values all, along- the line have
been raised, some of the selling races
being for $600.
The new track at Harlem Park has
continued to improve since the spring
meeting and is fast enough to suit
any one. It is safer nnd has more
cushion than it had last season.
CHICAGO. July 3. 7- Secretary
Martin Xathanson has decided
to. run off at least one
stake event during the unexpected
meeting of ten days that will com
mence at Harlem Park next Wednes
day, owing to the closing of Washing
ton Park. He announces the $4000
Chicago stakes as the feature for
Saturday, the 16th inst. This event,
always a race of good class, filled last
March with 133 e;itries. They com
prise about all the best milers west
of New York, including the champion,
itrid record-breaker, Dick Welles. ¦
There has been such a difference of
opinion between the owners of th«
greyhounds McVey and Richard Anton
as to which had the greater flight of
speed that a match was run yesterday
at Union Coursing Park to decide the
matter. McVey proved the victor,
leading his opponent to the hare by
three lengths. These are considered
the fastest two greyhounds In America
and the test of their speed proved In
teresting to the spectators.
The reserve stake, which made up
the day's card, was won by Friendless
Boy. which beat Cubanola decisively In
the final course. Cubanola opened In
the long odds book at 100 to 1. being
among the rank outsiders. A two-min
ute course in the semi-final spoiled any
chance he had for the stake. Gambit,
which was beaten In the semi-final by
the ultimate winner, opened at 50 to I
In the early betting.
There were the usual upsets In th<»
wagering. \ Lo r( j Brazen, a 1 to 3
chance, was beaten by Red Rock. Gen
eral Dewet beat Racing Auto, and
Texas Hoo Hoo beat Lost Chord at ths
same odds. The day's results with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores fol
low:
In Time beat Royal Friend. 5-2: Sacramento
Boy beat Little Klamath. 10-0; Rrse of Gold
beat Ina CIssua. 14-5: Mickey Free bsat Angus
.i! s ' _ 1 V 0; », R ' ne S a ' le Apache beat Young Kla
math. 5-3; Red Rock beat Lord Brazen 4-2:
Tom King beat Favor Free. 16-O; Aeolus' beat
Silver Cloud. 8-2; Cartow Boy beat Lord
Oranard. »-3: Oold Chain beat Honest John.
8-7; Fancy Free beat False Alarm. 7-4: Melltn
wood beat Golden Fortune. 8-2; Rural Artist
beat Big Klamath, «-0; General De Wrt beat
Racing Auto. 4-1; Merry Go Found beat Tom
Llpton. 8-2; Cubanola beat Roman Athlete.
4-0; Galveston a bye. Lady Granard with
drawn: Texas Hoo Hoo b»at Lost Chord 13-0 ¦
Th- Referee beat Texas Jill. 12-4: Haphasard
beat Red Pepper. l«-4: Rapid Water beat
Golden Wand, 2*-ri; rtaby Aurora beat Mr
Zlgnego, 20-O; Tdaho Boy a bye, Octavlus with
drawn: Friendless Boy beat Liberator 3-0-
Amandan beat Orsina. :l-2: Qulta beat Texas
Jim, 21-2; L. L. C. bejtt Siren. 14-6; Tamora
beat Flaunt. 10-3: Gambit beat S'mpronrus.
l-l; Duhallow beat Rich Argosy, 7-3- Run
away Actress beat Texa* Betty, ltt-6; Free
From Flaw beat Money Musk. 8-3.
Second round— Sacramento Coy beat la Tim*
3-O; Mickey Free beat Rose of Gold »-4- Rene
gade Apache beat Red Rock. 7-5: Tom King
b*at Aeolns. 4-3: Gold Chain beat Carlow
Hoy, 6-8: Melllnwood beat Fancy Fre*. 17-12-
Rural Artist beat General DeWet «-l; CubanoU
beat Meiry-Go- Round. 6-0; Galveston beat
Texas Hog Hoo, 6-O; Haphazard beat Tha
Refer»e. 1S-14; Rapid Water beat Raby Au
rora. 6-2; Friendless Boy b»at Idaho Boy 1K-2-
Qulta beat Amandan, 14-10; Siren a byo.
Tamora withdrawn: Gambit beat Duhallow
6-3; Runaway Actress beat Free From Flaw.
5-.T.
Third round — Sacramento Boy beat Mickey
Free. 8-2; Tcm King b»at Renegade Apache.
10-0; Gold Chain a bye. Melllnwood withdrawn:
Cubanola b^at Rural Artist. 6-2: Oalveston
a bye; Haphazard withdrawn: Fiiendlesa Boy
beat Rapid Water. 11-5; Qulta beat Siren. 10-4;
Gambit beat Runaway Actress. 7-1.
Fourth round — Tcm King beat Sacracieno
Boy. ft-3*j Cubanola beat Gold Chain 3-2:
Friendless Boy beat Galveston. 4-0: Gambit a
by««. Qulth. withdrawn.
Fifth round — Cubanola beat Tom King. 16-12;
Friendless Boy beat Gambit. 15-2.
DecMIng course — Friendless Boy beat Cuban
ota. 22-1.
The coursing at Ingieside Park yes
terday attracted a large attendance.
The weather was raw and unpleasant
for the spectators, but It suited the
hounds. The event of the day was the
match between Little Plunger and Doc
Burns, wWch waa won by Little
Plunger.
In the first trial the hounds broke
from the slips far apart. Plunger se
cured the turn and the kill. In the
second trial. Plunger again led by
about two lengths and won. In the
third trial the hounds went up the field
on even terms. Plunger drove and got
the turn, but In a hortrial Doc Burns
won by a score of 15-12. In this trial
Plunger was a 1 to 4 favorite.
In the fourth trial Plunger ran all
around Doc Burns and easily took the
flag and the match by a score of 14-4.
In the open stakes Modest Beauty
carried off first honors. Rock Island
Minnie being the runner-up. Both
hounds are owned by G. Oswald.
John Grace was in the saddle "as
Judge. He received a warm welcome
as he rode onto the field to assume his
duties. The day's results, with Judge
Grace's official scores, follow:
Icellus beat Preclta Maid 1S-4; Eagle beat
Dorothy M. 5-4; Reckless Acrobat a bye;
Mark Twain beat Humbug. 16-12; Tom Hur
lick beat Miss Florence. 8-4; Golden Garter
beat Queen of Victory. 8-2; Chile Mar beat
Rich Array. 12-4; Lady Kelp beat Mollle Has
klns. 11.8; The Fiddler beat Resal Attire.
12-4; Bright Fortune beat Lulu Girl. 10-0;
Shotgun beat Peter Mclntyre 22-7; Traloe
Lass beat Pepper Jack-. 8-2; Rolling Boer beat
Master Rocket. 6.0; Imperious beat Cluster.
13-3; Belfast beat White Slocklngt. 4-0; Lady
Menlo beat St. Louis Boy 5-0; Prometheus
beat Courtly Guest. 12-0; Real Duchess beat
Wedgewood. 6-4; Don Pedro a by>; Rocklln
Boy a bye: Modest Beauty beat May Tunl
son. 11-4; Rock Island Minnie beat Wattles.
8-4: Sea Lion beat Donnybrook. 7-0; Magic
Stuff beat Pomona. 5-2.
Second round— Eagle beat Icellus. 5-0; Reck
less Acrobat beat Mark Twain. 7-6; Golden
Garter beat Tom Hurllck. 5-1: Chile
.Mar beat Lady Kelp. 18-4: Bright Fortune
beat The Fiddler. 11-8; Tralee Lass beat Shot
gun. 12-4: Rolling Boer beat Imperious. 13-10;
Belfast beat Lady Menlo. 7-V; Real Duchess
beat Prometheus, 13-12: Reckless Boy beat
Don Pedro. 4-2; Modest Beauty beat Sea Lton.
12-0; Rock Island Minnie beat Magic Stuff. «-l.
Third round — Eagle beat Reckless Acrobat,
6-0: Golden Garter beat Chile Mar. 7-5; Tralee
Lass beat Bright Fortune. 14-O; Belfast beat
Rolling Boer. 11-S: Modest Beauty beat Real
Duchess. 14-8: Rock Island Minnie a bye.
Fourth round — Eagle beat Golden Garter.
7-0: Modest Beauty beat Tralee Lass, 7-3;
Rock Island Minnie beat Belfast. 13-12. .
Fifth round — Modest Beauty beat Eagle. 6-5;
Rock Island Minnie a bye.
Deciding course — Modest Beauty beat Rock
Island Minnie, 18-5.
gressive game than their opponents and
won by sharp volleying. The sepre
was 6-2, 3-6, 7-6, 6-4. The final match
went in straight sets, the score being
6-4, 6-3, 6-2.
Owing to the numerous defaults only
a small number of players were eligi
ble.' Four teams entered, but one of
them defaulted.
The consolation doubles tournament
played yesterday resulted in a victory
for George Janes and A. H. Brabant.
In the flnals they beat Charles Kuehn
and A. Nourse easily. The best match
was that between Brabant and .Lines
and Harry Rolfe and Charles Foley.
The former won three sets out of four.
The match was exciting from start to
finish. The winners played a more ag-
The match between Smith and Mac-
Gavin should be one of the best played
here. MacGavin is right on edge, and
never played a better game than he
put up last Saturday. Smith has not
played In a tournament since last Oc
tober and his condition has not been
good, but he has lost none of his skill.
He has been playing an excellent game
In practice and will fight hard to re
'taln the championship. MacGavin has
never beaten Smith in a tournament,
while the latter has several victories
to his credit. The last match they
played, almost two years ago, was by
far the closest. Smith won the decid
ing set by a score of 14-12. This set
was probably the most exciting ever
played on the California Club courts.
Each player was within a point of the
match more than six times before
Smith, won out. The match to-day will
be three sets out of five.
The challenge matches for the tennis
State championship will be played to
day j on the Hotel Rafael courts. At
10:30 o'clock Miss Miriam Edwards,
holder, will meet Miss Hazel Hotch
klss, challenger. The match will be
two sets out of three. At 2:30 o'clock
in the afternoon Grant M. Smith,
holder, will meet J. Drummond Mac-
Gavin, challenger.
Miss Edwards and Miss Hotchklss
are both from Berkeley and are evenly
matched. Miss Hotchkiss has beaten
the champion in practice several
times lately. Miss Edwards, however;
is the better tournament player. A
close and an exciting match will surely
result when these two fair experts
meet.
A strong breeze blew in the channel
yesterday, where the racing sloops
Challenger and Corinthian were out
for practice. Commodore Jennings'
sloop Speedwell also cruised in the
channel. In the afternoon a heavy
Tog made the sailing damp and un
pleasant. The sloops Presto, Genesta,
Nixie. Merope and athers lay at anchor
In Tiburon Cove. The sloops Sans
Souoi. Meteor, Elsie, Siren, Peerless,
Iiazel S and Star dropped anchor In
Paradise Cove. The sloop Emilie cruis
ed up as far as McNears, where F.
A. Hyde's launch Olive lay at anchor.
On the return trip the wind was light
until the Point was passed and the
flood tide .made progress slow. After
working past the Point the breeze was
strong and continued so through the
straits. When Tiburon Cove was reach
ed the breeze became puffy and vari
able, making it a hard Job to pick up
moorings.
Douglas White's schooner Ramona,
the yawl Seven Bells and the sloop
Nixie were among the boats lying at
moorings In Tiburon Cove yesterday.
To-day the yachts will return to their
club anchorages. The proposed cruise
of the California Yacht Club to San
Mateo Point during the holidays was
called off, not enough owners wishing
to make the trip.
Most of the yachts of the San Fran
cisco, Corinthian and California fleets
are scattered at various points in the
upper bay. The San Francisco Club
has a cruise to Napa City on Its pro
gramme, but. as Commodore Morrow
wishes lo give his crew as much prac
tice as possible before the great race
for the Perpetual. Cup next Saturday,
be decided to give up the event.
The Corinthians cruised up to Army
Point on Saturday night and yesterday
sailed through Mo-ntezuma Slough and
thence to Vullojo. where anchor was
dropped. To-duy the fleet will sail
down from Vullejo to Tiburon Cove,
the boats receiving handicaps accord-
Ing to their supposed speed. J. K.
Bulger of the regatta committee will
start the yachts and T. J. Kavanagh
will take the times at the finish.
Vereln Eintracht Shooting Section, monthly
medal shoot: Champion clase — John Jung 532'
A. G. Stroh. 366; L. Schmidt. 363; F. C. Hace
rup. 362; C. von Hartwl«. 345; J. Zahn. 377.
Second class— O. Nagel, 318; F. Essrellng. 343:
H. Schwelger, 270: H. Schroeder. 2S9. First
class — O. Thlele, 330; Joseph Rohrer, 323- C
Suhrstedt, 844. Third class — John Goltilne'
2CT; F. Volght, 247. Adam Brehm medal—
C. von Hartwlgr. Best first shot— F. Eygellng
25. Best last shot— A. G. Stroh, 24;
California Scliuetzen pub, monthly medal
•hoot: First championship class — Otto Bremer,
209, 203; Al C. Gehret. 210. 215. Second cham
pion class — John L. Utschl*. 200, 198: A Rah
wyler. 199: Chris Meyer. 212. 206; Phllo Jacoby.
173; T. J. Carroll. 192. 1S5: George Tammeyer.
210. 217: Otto Burmeister. 193. 211. First class
— Max Kolander, 205; W. F. Blasse, 225; A.
Utschtg. 155. 105. Second class — Emll Woenne.
1S8. 107; F. A. Schrumpff, 1S8. 108; A von
Wyl. 192. 205; A. Studer. 205, 225; A. Junf?
blut. 104; John C. Waller. 102, 105; F. Suter,
160. 173; M. F. Hartter. 100. Third class—
William Nolden, 161, 130; Charles Saeehorn,
148, 130; Joseph Straub. 160, 183; F. C Hage
rup, 136. 133; Louis Thierbach, 193, 164;
H. Scheunert. 203; 173; Frank RIede. 191.
Fourth class — F. Werlen, 173. 172; C von
HartwlB. 201; John Boiler. 157. 161: William
McCracken, 180. 178; F. J. Povey. 174. 207.
Cadet class — Frank Bertelsen. 154. Unclassified
— O. M. Barley. 203, 203; T. Slmmen, 174; C.
Sonninsrsen. 84, 142: L. Wille. 106.
Pistol Annex. California Schuetzen Club:
Max Kolander. 69, 70; M. Barley, 91, 83;
Geortje Tammeyer, 82. 85; C. von Hartwlg, «2.
C9; John C. Waller. 23. 45; Chris Meyer. 82,
79; Phllo Jacoby, 53; Joseph Straub, 37, 33;
A. Studer. 67. 48; T. L. Lewis. 60; T. J Car
roll, 73, 81: John Bolter, 60: F. J. Povey. 78
77: M. F. Blasse. 78.
The day's scores:
The annual reunion of the members
of the California Schuetzen Club team,
who won the centennial trophy In
Philadelphia in 1876 against the world,
will be held at the home of Phllo Ja
coby. On account of the attendance
of members at the bundes festival In
New York there will be but three rep
resentatives of the champion team
present— A. Rahwyler, Adolph Strecker
and Phllo Jn~-'~
The marksmen present were pleas
antly surprised when W. P. Blasse,
Max Kolander and Martin Blasse en
tered the shooting stand, having re
turned from their successful trip from
the fourth bundes shooting: festival, at
which they upheld the honor of Cali
fornia for marksmanship. Phllo Ja
coby, the president of the California
Schuetzen Club, welcomed the marks
men In the name of California and con
gratulated them for the good work
they had done in behalf of the Golden
State, r
In the contest of the Grutli Club Al.
C. Gehret carried off nearly all the
honors of the day. He made 72 rings
on the honorary target, made the best
five tickets of the day with a total of
341, in which he scored ten red flags,
and wound up his success by rolling
up 15G rings on the point target.
A. Rahwyler made the first 25-ring
shot of the day and came In second for
most points.
Un the hdnorary target A. C. Gehret
made 72 rings. Max Kolander 71, M. F.
Blasse 70, Louis Thierbach 69. F.
Schrumpff 68, H. Scheunert 67, A. Stu
der 66, A. Rahwyler 64, F.- Werlen 64,
August Jungblut 63, Phllo Jacoby 62.
George R. Hauser 62, Otto Burmeister
61.
A large number of marksmen assem
bled at Schuetzen Park yesterday to
participate In the shooting:. The prin
cipal attraction of the day was the lib
eral programme set out by the Grutll
Shooting Club. A large number of
prizes were offered for competition on
the honor, target. The trophies on the
point targets for flags, most points and
best centers were also an inducement
to the riflemen. '•
Defeats .Cubanola, the Long
Shot, in Deciding Course
of the Reserve Stake
Los Angeles Coursing Man
Takes First and Second
Money at Ingieside Park
Is Batted Out of the Box
ill the Morning Game and
Is Released by Wilson
Team Which. Won. the Cen
tennial Trophy at Phila
delphia Will Meet Again
The Struggle Between These
Giants of the Courts Is
Expected to Be Exciting
3Iany Yachts Make Cruises
to Paradise Cove and Other
Favorite Spots on the Bay
Is Pronounced Sufficiently
Fast to Suit the Most
Exacting Horse Trainer
FRIENDLESS BOY SCORES
OSWALD'S "DOGS' DIVIDE
REUNION OF VETERANS
TRACK IS IMPROVED
McDonald proves easy
FOG SPOILS SAILING
SMITH MEETS MacGAVIN
Speed of the Rival Grey
hounds Is Tested in \
Match at Union Park
Loc Newton Outpitches Over
nil and the Latter Is
Accorded Poor Support
Secretary Nathanson Decides
to Run Off One Big Event
at the Coming Meeting
Challenge Matches in the
State Tournament Will Be
Held To-Day at San Rafael
Four Trials Required to De
cide Match Between Doc
Burns and Little Plunger
Skippers of Corinthian and
Challenger Spend Holidays
in Practicing Their Crews
'Messrs. W. F. Blasse, Martin
Blasse and Max Kolander
Welcomed at San Rafael
RACING SLOOPS
IN THE CHANNEL
ANGELS TAKE
DOUBLE HEADER
RICH STAKES
FOR HARLEM
M'VEY LEADS
RICHARD ANTON
HOUNDS START
IN HARSH WIND
MARKSMEN HOME
FROM THE BUND
TENNIS PLAY
BY CHAMPIONS
LITTLE PLUNGER DEFEATS DOC BURNS IN SPECIAL MATCH AT INGLESIDE
Oakland ..0 1 0 10 8 8 I 2—13
Basil hits 111116 3 2 3— IS
SUMMARY. ' ;'
Krrfcn — Delehanty (3). Frisk. Blank-nshln
Hall. Francka. Schlafley, Schmidt. Devcreaux'
Htreib. Lohiuan. Muchanan. Earned runs
bf&ttie 3. Oakland 2. Struck out— By Buchan
an 6. by William* 3.' Two-bams hits— Wl'*on
Strelb. KrujT. Ixhman. Ganley. Schmidt
Horn* 'run— Frisk. Sacrifice hit— Mohler
Stolen baa«s— DeHhanty, Blankenshlp.' Wilson
Oar.U'.v. lK»uble plays — Garrley to Streib-
Francks to Lohman to Dtvereaux; Buchanan
to Moskiman to IXvernux: Hall to Mohler to
B:»nken«hlp: Frtsk • to Hall to Blankenshlp
L*ft on b«ses — Seattle 10, Oakland 0. Time of
rame — Two hour* and twenty-flve minutes
fxspUer-O'ConnelL
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, MONDAY, JULY 4, 190*.
No man's education- is complete "un
til he can tell when a woman'Sjhat Is
on straight.
PARISH J July "3;— -M' Auteil , to-day"
W. K. Vanderbilt's bay colt Bright
won the Prix Ruigney. a steeplechase
of one mile and a half.
Vanderbilt • Steeplechaser Wins.
Golf Match at Snn Rafael.
SAF RAFAEL. July 3.— A. mixed
foursomes will be played on the Happy
Valley links of the San Rafael Golf
Club to-morrow. A large attendance Is
expected. The following are entered:
R. J. Davis and . Mrs. L. . Roe. Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. Hooper and Mr. McGrew and
Miss Alice Hoffman. More entries are
expected by to-morrow morning.
RENO. Nev., July 3. — Robert Gil
bert, County Treasurer of Nye County,
had a narrow escape from being killed
by a drunken Indian at Belmont last
evening. Gilbert was chased for some
distance by the demented red man
and then to save his life turned and
emptied a charge of buckshot into the
red man's face and head. The Indian
died Instantly. A Coroner's Inquest
was held and the jury exonerated Oil
tart.
Xevadan Find? Escape From Pursuer
Impossible nnd He Uses His Gun.
Jury Exonerates Slayer.
COUNTY OFFICIAL. KILLS
DRINK-CRAZED INDIAN
Crazy Man on His Muscle.
11¦ Burnett's! Extract of Vanilla Is' the
standard everywhere. Sold : by. best grocers. •
Trapper 1 -t Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60o flask, - lilchard & C».. 405 CUjr»*
Mr. and Mrs. Meyer Kahn of Rich
mond are visiting relatives in Los An
geles.
Notice to Passengers.
'-. Baggage transferred to, and from i all trains '
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One, trunk (single
trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. -Morton
Epecla) Delivery, 30S Taylor St., 050 Market sc
Oakland Ferry depot. -Phone Exchnage 4ti. • ',-
Miss Alice Suns .Claims to *Be. x a Por
'.'*" ¦'-' -V tnguese "Subject;* :*"" •
PUZZLES COMMISSIONERS.
Little ,Miss Alice Sung of - Shanghai
Is a problem -to the Immigration :Bu-.
Cheap Rates East.
If yon are going to World's Fair get cheap
r£t<» and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Aek about It. T. K. State
ler. General A tent. C47 Market street. Fan
Francisco. ¦" ' •
Capitalist Morgan Arrested.
,-vAman who gave! the. name of J. P.
Morgan: and. his 'Occupation as a cap
italist,-got mixed up in a fight at Pa
cific'i street arid Montgomery avenue
early • yesterday : morning. ' He was
knocked down. He was picked up by
Policeman 'Joy, whereupon he struck
the officer. , Morgan was sent' to the
Central Emergency Hospital to have
a ; wound on his forehead, dressed and
was taken to the City ' Prison on
charges of ¦: battery and drunkenness;
As soon; as. he"; sobered 'up he was re
leased.oh cash bail. ; .
Fears for Husband's Safety/
The wife of. Thomas- Sullivan, who
lives at 1007% Market street,, is
anxiously waiting for his return home. 5
Sullivan is chief engineer 'on the
Hanna Lea.'.whlch arrived at this port
on last Thursday. . He left hislwife
on Saturday, saying he was. going to
Boole's ship yard, where .the vessel
was being repaired. , Mrs. Sullivan
says he had several' hundred dollars
with him and she fears he met thugs
who .either killed him or; left him -in
an unconscious condition - after rob
bing him.
Baron's Grand Opening Sale.
To-morrow 10 a: m. will commence the
grand opening sale at Baron's new/store,
115 Geary, above the Crescent Corset Co.
Owing to the lateness of the season all
the new, styles coats and suits just ar
rived from New York will be sold 50
cents on .the dollar. •. At Baron's. 115
Geary street. ¦ .
Women Lose Their Valuables.
Mrs. J. W. Barrett of Stockton re
ported to. the police yesterday that
before leaving the steamer T. C.
Walker at Washington street wharf
on Saturday afternoon she took off a
diamond ring valued at $175 and an
opal ring : valued at $50 while she
washed her hends. She forgot them,
and when she returned to the vessel
they had disapoeared. Miss Mlntee
Girton of Eureka .reported that while
she was in the waiting room at the
ferry on Saturday morning her pocket
book containing $45 and three rings
valued at $45 had either dropped from
her lap or had been stolen.- ¦
"Beware That Ye Forget Not" was'
the subject of the sermon deiivered by
thj? Rev. David J. . Evans, rector of
Grace Church, California and Stockton
streets, last night! The Rev. Mr. Evans
said In part: ' .
In $he year 1834 Herbert Spencer wrote to a
correspondent in America, who had asked for
h'.s opinion on the social outlook of the world:
"We have had bad times before us In Eng
land, but you have etlll more dreadful times
befCre you In America — civil war. Immense
bloodshed and eventually military despotism of
the severest type." . . 4 • . _
Ten years have passed since that letter with
its ill-omened note of social revolution was
written. Ten years ago^thls western ' republic
had with ihe politics 'of 'the* world* at large no
very ck.se connection. Then, as ' In the
twinkltnz of an eye, something- happened and
everything was changed.- : As a. direct conse
quence ot that diabolical treachery, the blow-
Ins us of tlie Maine, the United - States of
Air.erlca movtd out Jrcm her seclusion on to
the theater ot the world at large: Such has
Ueen the change in the- ten years . '
But let us consider here In. this house of
God whether grave reasons do -not exist to ex
cite the alarm of evtry true patriot for the
luture of o^r beloved country.
Social and political conditions confront us
that are fraught, xrlth jjerll to the community
and make it .entirely possible that the dark
words of .the philosopher may come true.
Evils exist In our rnldrt and cancers are
eating Into our Eyst?m which, unlees arresud.
must bring to pass the sanguinary day wtich
«r. Spencer seemed -to foresee. /J.
. The reverend speaker quoted the
opinions of Felix Adler, E. L. Godkin,
Henry Watterson, Professor James of
Harvard and others concerning social
and political conditions in the United
States, and continued by saying:
If the minority, then, who have sounded a
solemn note of warning are in the right, then
anything is liable to happen.
More than a century has .passed since our
beloved republic was born amid turmoil of
war and nourished - by the blood of patriots
and ehe lives to-day the highest type of na
tional life: But In her progress toward an
ideal social state she has come to the parting
of the ways. ¦ " . .-•• . . •-,:•...
The fate of ! this great republic is absolutely
to be determined bv . the men and women of
the present generation.
Your manner of living; and mine is to be a
delilxrate ballot cast in the eternal polls for
the living or the dying,' for the victory or the
defeat, for the glory or the shame of the preat
republic^ which Is now menaced by the most
terrible of all. a codless' and all-pervading ma-
UriaUem. _ , . •
The strike of the Southern Pacific
freight handler?, which was declared
on the night of June 4, is off, and many
of the men will return to work Tues
day at the old scale.
For more than a month the union
men have stood out for their demand
for an increase in wages from 22^4 cents
per hour to 25 cents, and In the end
have failed to get it. The company has
consented to several conferences, but
has stood firm on the refusal to grant
the union's demands. There was ample
warning that the men intended to quit
on June 4 unless their demands were
conceded, and the company was pre
pared when the walkout occurred. Four
hundred non-union men were imported
and housed and fed in the Townsend
-street sheds. Special officers were
sworn in to guard the company's prop
erty and extra policemen were detailed
to the district. During the strike many
reports of. assaulting non-union men
' were made. In three instances men
were sent to the hospital for treatment.
The officers of the union denied any
connection with the assaults.
The freight was handled by the non
union men sufficiently fast to keep the
sheds clear, but the company would
have preferred to have the old hands
at work, and signified a willingmess to
take them back at the old scale. It
was thought the teamsters would back
the freight handlers up, but that could
not be done. The men became discour
aged, and after a conference with the
officials of the company the executive
committee of the union, through Na
than Winsky, the president, the strike
has been declared off. All members of
the union have been 'notified to meet
at union headquarters at 6:30 o'clock
Tuesday morning to report on for work.*
Godless Materialism Is a
Menace to Great Republic
Declares Uev. 1). J. Evans
Union Hands Will Go Back
to Work in the .Southern
Pacific's Different Sheds
GIVES WARNING
FROM PULPIT
FREIGHT MEN'S
STRIKE IS OFF
PERSONAL.
Dr. A. M. Thomson of Sonora is at
the Lick. r
R. A. Moncure, a cattleman of Reno,
is at the Lick.
I Dr. F. X. "Voisard of Sacramento is at
the Occidental.
H. Thorn Cattom of New Orleans is
at the St. Francis.
Fred G. King, a mining man of Red
ding, is at-^the Grand.
Frank Pierce, a merchant of Mon
terey, is at the Grand.
William Kettner, a business man of
Visalia, is at the Lick. ;
J. \V. Morss. a wealthy resident of
Boston, is at the St. Francis.
J. H. Thompson, an" attorney of
Stockton, is staying at the Lick.
. Jose Bar/Has, who is a nephew of the
former President of Guatemala and
who recently Inherited a large- fortune
by the . death of his mother, has been
an inmate of a local hospital for sev
eral days undergoing an operation.
The residents of the district border
ing on Sutro Forest have been com
piaining for the past few months of the
ravages committed by a pack of wild
dogs.
Poultry, cats and even pigs have
been torn and devoured by these half
wolves. The pack lurks by day In the
brush of the r Sutro tract and by nighc
harries the neighborhood within some
blocks 6? the vicinity. '^ " V • .
They have, extended their haunts into
Golden" Gate Park, as a marked de
crease in the peacock population
proves. Often of late the park police
and the gardeners have found crushed
bones and scattered feathers of* the
gaudy birds. - : . *
There have always been wild dogs in
Sutro Forest, but. they confined* their
wanderings to their chosen, home until
recently. Now their depredations an»
causing alarm. The Tivoli Cafe's poul
try yard, located west of tfie tract, is
a large sufferer from these nightly
visits. The owners' of the preaerv
have put a watchman ' on ' the place,
whose duty will be to shoot the canine
robbers if he sees them. The watch
man, Herman Swanson, has jeen the
pack on, several occasions. He ways
there are. about forty dogs in it, for the
niost pJH , mongrels. The fiercest and
boldest among them is a huge grey
hound, who appears to be leader of the
pack. Thereby hangs a true, story that
is stranger than the best dog fiction
ever/ written.
Up to a few months ago' the hound
Connemara was the fleetest at Ingle
side Coursing Park. One afternoon,
after winning the final round of a
stake, Connemara suddenly darted
like a streak of light for the gate of
the v park. ¦
Out he sped, and with the'machine
like lope of the greyhound made his
way into the hills. That was the last
ever seen of Connemara at the cours
ing parks.
As the dog was valued at several
thousand dollars an extended search
was made, but to no avail. It was sup
posed that the animal started to chase
over the unfenced hills and ran till he
dropped dead.
But Swanson's description of the
leader of the Sutro forest pack tallies
with that of Connemara. It is therefore
supposed that the blooded hound, in
fierce rebellion against man. fled to the
wilds. -.
The coursing parks were too limited
for Connemara, whose instincts told
him that the whole world was his to
run over. Obeying that instinct, he fled
into the. hills. Hidden in the brush he
round the pack. No doubt at first they
resented his intrusion, and Connemara
had to overthrow- their mongrel leader.
Perhaps he fought; the entire pack, bit
ing, snarling and rolling through the
brush. At any rate he gained their re
spect and fear.' His breeding told. Now
he rules over them. In the night his
bay leads the chorus that rings through
the ravines of Sutro Forest; at his heels
the yelping L mongrels follow Jn search
of prey. He gets the ? choicest morsels
from : the chicKen ; coops and the fattest
peacocks in the park. . • - •-;¦••¦
. - If allowed . to remain at large he will
no doubt sire a race of wild . dogs that
ciety Proves to Be a Great
Success.
Annual Outing of the Mutual Aid So-
The annual picnic of the Printers'
Mutual Aid Society at Schuet
zen Park, San Jose, yesterday,
was </he of # the most suc
cessful In the history of the organiza
tion and in point of good fellowship
and an' all-around good time it proved
a record breaker. The trains bore fully
two .thousand craftsmen with their
friends, the photo engravers traveling
in a^ special car.
The picnickers from this city were
joined at 'the park by reinforcements
from San Jose, Redwood City and
other nearby points. The committee
in charge did *its utmost to make all
feel at home and the efforts,", of its
members were crowned with success.
The day was spent in dancing and
athletic sports. New ties were formed
and old ones more firmly cemented.
The, returning trains brought home' a
crowd of tired but happy people, who
expressed themselves as having spent
one of the most enjoyable days of their
lives. ¦ -
• The winners in the bowling contest
open, to members of the affiliated trades
in their order were as follows: LeRoy
D. Nesbit, Andy Gallagher, "William
Goetz, H. J. Griffiths, H. N. Rossetti
and Robert Shiel. .? v
*»• The; foot races formed an interestinar
feature, as all comers were given an
opportunity to show their 6peed. The
winners in these contests were:
¦ ' First race, . for members of unions affiliated
with the -AlHed Printing: Trade* Council H
J. Griffiths, Jack Welch. J. D. Kelly.
• Second race, for boys under 10 — Ray . Stolx,
Jack Brown. Harold Sawyer. -
¦ Third* race, for girls under 10 — Martha
Bowes, - Frances * Coffee. Fern Flske. J . ¦
Fourth race, for boys between 10 and 15—
William Richardson, Joseph Sepulada, Walter
Baker. _
Fifth, race, for girls between 10 and' 15
Sophie Sibers. Katie Datley. Katie Martella.
.Sixth race, for young men between 15 and 21
— Ed . Mlscal* . P. Soto, William Richardson.
Seventh race, v for young ladles between 15
and 21— Emma AUin, -Lena Finley, Delia Ferry.
¦ Eighth race, for men — L. W. Bolles, Frank
.Dunn, J. Sepoda.
-...Ninth race, for married women — Mm. Kln
ney, Mrs. P. J. Carter. Mrs. W.J. White.
Tenth, sack race. . free for all — J. Alser, " J.
Sepoda, Joseph Abrahams -
Eleventh j-aee, for mqmbers ¦ Mutual Aid So
ciety—James T. Gurney, W. J. French. Ed
Flt7~erald. ¦ ; .
Twelfth ¦ race, for membern San Jose Typo
graphical Union— M.Prlndevllle, E. C. Krouse,
Qulncy CalielesEer. ' . . ' • .
Thirteenth race, for* wives of ( members of
Mutual Aid Society — Mrs. P. J. Carter, Mrs.
Philip Johnson.. Mrs. TV.' J. White. ¦
Fourteenth, race, for wives of members of
affiliated unions— Mrs. Foley, Mrs. Blckell, Mr/.
P. J. Carter.'gBMgfiiiBWBIi^Bia^- •
PRINTERS MAKE? MEtfRY
AT SCHUETZEX PARK
SACRAMENTO- STREET BLAZE.— A fir»
started Ia*t night In the basement of a hoirs»
at 1716 Sacramento street, owned by Mrs.
Franc!s Crare r.nd occupied by Dr. Imao
Rivas. The fire gained great headway and
caused considerable dnmage. The loss in esti
mated at over $ICOO. The building was insured
Fierce Pack in Sutro Forest
3Iaking\ Midnight Eaids"
About That Neighborhood
WILD DOGS EAT
PARK PEACOCKS
will be dangerous and untamable. The
canine tribe can retrograde to a thor
oughly wild state in one generation, g
But Connemara will not be . allowed
at large much longer. Many coursing
men are interested in his capture, both
because of his Intrinsic value and his
record as a courser. The rest of the
pack are as useless as wolves and will
be shot down as rapidly as the police
can locate them.
(mounted), Lieutenant Emmett R. Jones com
ma rdir-.
Brigadier General R. H. Warfleld and staff
in carriages.
Xavaf Battalion and Band, Captain George
W. Bauer command in jr.
Band. -
Independent Rifles.
Italian Reall Larablnierl 11. A. Society, Mex
ican Veterans. Exempt Firemen, Foreign Con
ruls. Supervljor^ and other Invited guests In
carri?;es.
The programme at • the Alhambra
Theater in the afternoon will be given
in the following order:
Oierture, '"America," orchestra; invocation.
Rev. \V. M. liours; introductory remarks by
the prudent of tho day. Rev. T. Caraher:
mutic, "American Patrol," orcheftra; sonp,
"Stars and ¦ Stripes Forever." niale quartet;
reading: of Declaration of Independence. James
A. Uacigalupi: vocal solo, •'!!>' Own United
states." Ohcrles K. Hay: recitation, "Drake's
Address to the Fias," Mrs. G. D. -Ohnimus:
vocal fcIo, "Star-Spangled Banner," Miss
Annie Rccney: oration. Judge- Frank J. Mu
ra?ky; song, "The Old Flag Forever," male
quartet: colo. "fword of Bunker Hill.".
Ttirhard Jose; "America." by the audience;
"mnediction. Rev. John Nugent;' music, "Uncle
orch'etra.
SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE WHO
WILL DELIVER THE FOURTH
OF JULY ORATION.
Unhappy is the lot of the little-footed
women of China. On board the Korea
one of them, waits to join a husband
whom she has seen but once, and
only for as long as It takes a Justice
of the Peace to pronounce the couple
husband and wife. She is -also the
widow of a man she never has seen.
Surely all the josses of ill luck have
conspired against young Mrs.- Chin
King Lung Chieu Yan '(nee Wai Ho),
who is now 18 years old, little-footed
and marvelously ' beautiful from.' the
Oriental viewpoint. ' . ¦•'• .
-Two years, ago. Wai Ho. that. was
sobbed a good-by to the little goldfish
in her father's little fishpond back in
China and looked for the- last, time at
the tea gardens on the terraced hills.
She, was to be married, they told her,
to an honorable and 'handsome youna
man who dwelt far across the weary
waste of waters. • •
She did not want to be married. She
wanted to stay in the gardens and play
with the goldfish. But her father told
her she must go.
In the company of a venerable and
honorable woman she sat forth. The
land trip was long. It was such a big
world, and she felt so lonely. Then! they
boarded a steel monster that swam
upon the ¦ water like the ducks her
father owned. .
A NOISY MONSTER.
The monster shrieked as it moved,
and she was very much . frightened.
There was an awful extent of blue
water to cross, ' and her ' intellectual
powers being limited she fell to won
dering how many millions of times more
water therewtt'as in the world than in
her father's^iuck pond. "*
They came to land at last through the
Golden Gate, and- little Miss Wai Ho
was nlaced in the detention sheds.
There they told her that her pros
pective bridegroom, Chieu Yan, was
dead. By Chinese law she had already
been married to him. though she had
never seen him. Therefore she was a
widow and they told her to weep.
She wept copiously, because she was
very lonely • and felt that she would
never see the goldfish again.
For a while she *vas. kept in the de
tention sheds pending the granting of
permission to land bythe Immigration
Commissioners at Washington. . After
ward she was landed provisionally, and
stayed at the Presbyterian- Mission- .:
Mrs. Chlen, the widowed mother of
her husband that- would have been,
extolled the praises of her daughter-in
law. . • .-¦ .-;• ' ¦¦¦,' .:' • ¦. > '
RICH WOOER APPEARS.
. Chin King Sung, a prosperous young
Chinese. .merchant, hearing that there
was a beauteous, sixteen-year-old,wid
ow with'* little' feet on the matrimonial
market, sought Mrs. Chien and , sued for
the hand of her daughter-in-law, so
regarded from the ; Oriental . point of
view. '_....... .'¦''"...;.'¦' •"
Chin King Sung had money; in sev
eral banks, consequently the dowager
Mrs. Chien told" him to consider him
self Carried/ Little Wai Ho's consent
was not asked. It .'«—«« none of her
business whom she married. • < i\ :
So Wai: Ho and Chin King Sung
were taken before Judge Daniels at the
City Hall and married; "alle, same
•Melican." \ Wai Ho didn't ¦kifoty i what
it all | meant; only she was ' sOie.; that
she would never see .her : gold -flsh
WUen H. H. North of the Immigra
tion Bureau heard of the marriage he
ordered the bride instantly sent back
tb China. Under the law she was; not
legally landed and had no right to
marry here. - V "'
So Mrs. Chin King Sung Chieu' Tan
was ¦ returned ' to her ¦ fatherland. -. She
came back and now waits 1 official per
mission to join a husband for whom
she does not care a' copper cash.
And she sobs frequently and her;al
mond ;eyes are sad • because : she will
never see her gold fish "again. ' Hard is
the -lot ' of a ; little-footed woman 'of
China, .'• '¦¦'}'¦-.'¦¦¦' ¦ '.¦ '-*'¦:<
reau. "She is a Chinese girl, . therefore
not entitled to land on American* soil.
Again, she is classed as a student and
claims that her father is a Portuguese
subject, therefore she is entitled to
land.
The, Immigration Commission is off
for the holidays and the Portuguese
Consul is out of town. So Miss Sung
must wait on board the Korea.
The young lady, who is educated and
rather un-Oriental in appearance, is
en route to Macon, Ga., where she
will study for a teacher at the uni
versity there. She was a schoolmate in
Shanghai of Miss Seili Kinj?, who is
now a student of the California State
University. She is chaperoned by Miss
Sanius, 1 a missionary. < ,\ •
Miss Sung: complains of her. deten
tion, in very good English; and declares
that she will appear to the Portuguese
Consul as soon as possible."" •
The great preparations for the grand
parade and Uterary programme which
are to be the citizens'* exercises in
honor of the Fourth Bill begin this
morning with the parade. It will form
on lower Market street at 10:30 o'clock,
the line of march being from Battery
up Market, to Montgomery street, to
Bush, to Kearny, to Market, to Van
Ness avenue, ? thence to Post street,
where the review will take place.
Open air concerts^will be a feature
of the day. The air will be filled with
the melody of patriotic music. These
concerts will be held in Jefferson
'Square, Bernal Park, Duboce Park and
Columbia Square from 2 till 3 o'clock.
Fireworks displays are to be given in
Washington Square and at Eighteenth
end Dolores streets at dusk.
Literary exercises to be held in the
afternoon at the Alhambra Theater,
beginning at 2 o'clock.
The / order of parade will be as fol
lows:
Uat.ia.Iion of Police. S*rpcant Helms command
ing.
Band.
GTIAXD MARSHAL. COLONEL, J. C. O'CON
NOR.
Chief of Staff, Colonel D. Geary.
Chief Aid. Colonel M. J. O'Dca Jr.
Aids to Grand Marshal— W. H. Kice, Max
well MrNutt. Harry Kelly. Loren E. Cum
minjrs. W. E. Trcfts. i/~ H. Shine, W. A.
Newman. X. E. Van Meter. J. A. Cussen.
E. L. Nolan. Joseph Costello. Frederic J.
Urrtrsnd. William M. ilasiiire. J. O. Boyne,
Thomas J. Mrroney. J. B. Queen. E. J. Kir
van, Jarr.cs M. Foley. William Altmann. Wil
liam Boyce. Max L. Ro?enfeld, Eujjene McCoy.
J. J. Furey. J. J. Donovan. David Mullender.
Charles Landan. Uobert Peat. Dr. KinRuen,
**,fort:e E. Gallather. R. \V. Costello. Dr. S.
J. Cunningham, P. J. Kelley. E. F. JUicitt,
Ueorge Rran. J. Smith. J. Marlow. C. O.
Shea. J. McArdle, P. Hughe?. Ed Angela.
Aism GiJlIIarid, Joseph Powers, Maurice
.Halt*.
fnited States Army Troop*.
Third Hand Artillery Corps, Captain L. R.
Bursofs. Artillery Corpa. commanding.
Third Nin'Ji Cavalry. Lieutenant
Colonel E. A. Godwin. N'nth Cavalry com
v Fi'tb and' Twenty-fourth Batteries. Field
AitllU ry. Major E. T. Brown, Artillery Corps,
, v ir.mrnuirz.
Xattcnal Guard of California Troops.
Kim Infantry P.esiracnt. N. G. C. and
Il<. ad. O.IcnfJ Thomas V. O'Neill command : ng
Fuel Rattali.n of Artillery. N. G. C. anJ
BfTid. Majcr H. P. Bu*h command'nr.
- Serial Corps, Scccnd Brigade. N. G. C.
As snappy as the firecrackers that
sputtered outside during its playing is
Miss Valerie Bergere's new sketch at
the Orpheum this week, "Jimmie's Ex
periment." It is pleasant again to. see
this competent young woman in a part
suited to her capacities.
As thoroughly as she missed the spir
it of the shy little Japanese she es
sayed last week, so entirely is she the
brusque, boyish, . tender-hearted young
athlete of this week's sketch. The part
might have been written to fit — prob
ably was. It's clever author,, and the
play's, is ' Roy Fairchild. The plot is
not new— the lover turned burglar to
frighten the lady, who thereupon be
trays the desired feminine dependence.
But the kind of lady is new, and very
charming Miss Bergere makes her.
From her openiiig scene in gymnasium
suit — there's a pretty bit of fencing
here — to where the womanly hoyden
sits dreaming over the fire of the child
that may lie in her arms some day, the
actress is vividly convincing. Her
pathos in particular rings true. Miss
Bergere is effectively assisted by Henry
Keane, Maude Turner Gordon and
Marie Burke. . :'¦'•
A pretty and novel act is that of
Green and Werner, who, after appear
ing in the usual song and dance, do a
taking jungle song, picturesquely set.
Inez de Wolf is another newcomer, and
though evidently nervous at first
showed a sweet and powerful soprano
in her ballads. Gillihan and Murray
are saddest when they do not sing.
Singing their catchy coon songs, in ex
cellent voices, they are a distinctly
amusing couple. The one that does the
cake-walking lady entertains particu
larly. Others on the bill are the Zeb
and Zarrow trio in their miracle bicy
cle play; John F. Clark, who mono
logues again as last week; the Leigh
brothers, acrobats, and .Gallagher and
Barrettl You. will make a mistake in
missing the blograph' this week, with
its Venice in a gondola, Rome and .the
Vesuvian crater In action.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• » •
James Neill, supported by most of
his old company, found a warm re
ception at the Grand Opera-house yes
terday. The favorite actor presented
"Barbara Frietchie" as the opening
piece of his engagement and Fitch's
play was never "better , enjoyed by. a
local audience. Of Neill as Captain
Trumbull and Miss Edythe Chapman
in the title role little need be told to
San Francisco playgoers. The appear
ance of each was a signal for applause
and there were many curtain calls.
They are sure to receive a happy re
sponse from the public during their
stay.
r ;The support, is harmonious and ex
cellent. Lillian Andrews is a typical
"mammy" and George Bloomquest as
Jack Nesrley does some strong acting.
The character of Arthur Frietchie,
brother of Barbara, is ably sustained
by Donald Bowles and John W. Bur
ton takes the- part of Colonel Negley,
a thorough Southern gentleman.
Reginald Travers in the role of Mr.
Frietchie lends great strength to the
cast. His work in every act is of a
high order. Frances Slosson- as Sue
Royce, Katherine Gllman as Sally
Negley, and Fave; Wallace as Laura
Royce furnish characters for a pretty
scene in the first act and Alice Entz
man appears as a profound Southern
matron. Sheldon Lewis, . one of the
most popular men in the company, acts
Fred Gelwex and is very good. W. H.
Harkness, J. D. Harrington, Scott Sea
ton, George B. Berrell and Philip Lord
complete the cast. The company will
give a matinee this afternoon.
"Barbara Frietchie" Is Well
Played by James Neill's
at the Grand
CAST IN FITTING HOLE
Versatile Actress Wins Ap
plause in "Jimmie's Ex
periment" at the Orpheuin
MISS BERGERE
AT HER BEST
- ¦ - * * • .. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ MONDAY, : JULY., 4, 1 904.
Civilian and Military and Naval Patriots Will
Do Honor to the Glorious Fourth and Join in
Procession Along City's Streets This Morning
CAVALCADE WITH MARTIAL
MUSIC TO BEGIN EXERCISES
Miss Wai Ho, a Little- Footed Maid, Marries Man
Whom She Never Saw-— Then She Is United to
Another Whom She Meets at Wedding Hour
TRICKS OF ORIENTAL CUPID
ARE STRIKINGLY ORIGINAL
12
LITTLK-FOOTED BEAUTY FROM THE FLOWERT KINGDOM WHO IS FIGHTING
MANY OBSTACLES TO GAIN ADMITTANCE TO THIS COUNTRY, AND THE
SUBSTITUTE BRIDEGROOM FOR WHOM SHE CARES LJTTLE.
ADVEBTISEMENTi
Tel. Howard 1986. no 4th St.
Monday being a holiday we close.
TUESDAY AND- WEDNESDAY SPECIALS.
19 lbs. GRANULATED SUGAR,
fl.OO. Others sell 16 lbs. With
orders.
SCOTCH OATS, per package, ldfe.
Reg. 15c. 3 pkKs. limit.
MOCHA and JAVA COFFEE, per
FILLETT HERRINGS, in cans,
with key, JOo. Something new.
ELK CREAM, per doz., OOc. R Ci j.
loc can.
BEST EGGS, per doz.. 25c. Reg.
30c doz. -
GOOD EGGS, per doz., 20c. Rcjj.
22j4c doz.
HAMS, Best Eastern, per lb:, 13c.
¦ Sold elsewhere for 15c.
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA, new
crop, per lb.. 20c. Reg. 35c.
SALAD. OIL, in quart bottle, per
bot., 15c. Reg. 20c.
3 sacks SALT (while they last), 5c.
Reg. 5c sack.
GOOD CREAMERY BUTTER, per
square, 30c. Reg. 35c.
9 lbs. ROLLED OATS. 25c. . Reg.
6 lbs. 25c.
We pay freight on orders of $5.00
and over to points within 100 miles.
; YjQ Perfect FSttin 4 PR k
X<p Eyeglasses If
[j At Moderate Cost (\
V642
CASTOR I A
v for Infanta and ChildreB.
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Slgaatrce of (^a^/)^fC£^CM^
• '¦ - ' '" ' '" '¦¦' ' :r ' ; '¦"¦ ' ' * ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ¦. _ _ /_- ¦ .'-^J^J^
O00O0OO000OO09OOOOO0OOCO000009O0O000G00000000
8 i — — — — i ; \ -i * •
j Dress Goods j
j Black Goods j
0 ===and= ===== o
] Silk Deparments 1
i \ *¦— —^ — — — — — — — — j 9
| Extraordinary Values I
S CHIFFON SAMITE SILK GRENADINES |
• Thlik* Silk wdVool Fabric, rery Black Silk Grenadine* la Stripes $
J «oft and cUnglnf, high finish. Come PUIds and SmaU rh^-w Prices wet* •
• In Evening, Partd and Street shades; $2(50 and $2^0 per yard. S
• were. Imported to sell at C| o _ Marked now „ -„ f
S $I.50yard. Present price $1.25 50C dHCl 75C J
• TAILOR SUITINGS ROBES AND !
• Genuine Devonshire and Vest of sn/v«ii-i -r%j nncoocA °
J.England Tailor Suitings, full 56 Inches NUVCLIY DKtOOLO J
O wide,, ail pure wooU are in Fancy Oot ttock o{ L *ee and Net ®
3 ixttUtS : SmtU lQvliible Cbeckl " d Robes. Novelty Etamiaes, Crepes, $
2 Stripes. Special price ~. „ . FaQCy Gtenadlaes and all Novelty •
% : V ltJV J U Black Dress Patterm much lea than }
1 IRON FRAME — «-»-^i_ |
8 ALPACA FANCY SILKS •
• 5Uacb Iron Frame Alpaca, a very Black and ™** « d «^ |
S heavy and lustrous quality In two muk 7 * OC T Stti P* d TaffeU Silk, an #
• shades Brown, two shades Navy, three «l«;f «* hsavy quality spsdaUy suitable 9
S shades" Gray, Tan and Cream. Good for handsome Silk Petticoats. Reg- J
f value for $1.00 yard. Special -- **aAy soM for $1^0 yard. - n «
| price... .....I........ 7SC Reduced to 5UC •
I SCOTCH TWEEDS BLACK SILKS |
• Scotch Tweed Suitings, 45 inches 750 yards Black Taifeta Silk, 24 ®
9 wide, in a large variety of Mixed inches wide, a bright lustrous finish £
2 Color effects add very suitable for Out- and an . excellent 'wearing quality. #
q ing Suits. The regular value -j g* Good value for $1.00 yard. -j£r\ S
• Is75cyard. Present price.. . 7 5C Thhlot -.....? /*>b #
• i - ' - - ..- ¦ /A '•
o • ————— - .. *•
O ¦-.-.• ¦ • ¦ '. O-
• \A/rite» for Samples. o
• ¦ a
o , '^^ . . . o
J TCNIMIS JAPANESE J
O TUNNELS -^*^ / t ' CREPES O
S New im- 0f&i4t4%4 - . A fall g
« jrartation of *&r jfjf /Irt .g* variety <J •
S <°£ hT T Newjapan- £
© nisFiannjls, l *^J*Ss<4£& in L ©
° goods 30 i^'/^rv^>? "* ash &
g inches widr, \iS&™* A *S» %^ teZ&Tt--* Crepes in O
| J25difierent lt9i jk^l both Plain g
• *° aad Stripes. 0
| Pr?ce, 111 to 121 Post Street * ** «•*». g
g 35c yard! 1 20c yard g
©©©•©•©©••o»oo«oo©o©«oeo-»>ooooooo©oooao»oooo©oS