SAN.. FRANCISCO,^ : FRIL1AY^;;JUEYV 1, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ST. PETERSBURG, July, 1.— It is reported here that -.the Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Lieutenant Burukoff, which -arrived at Newchwang from Port Arthur on Wednesday evening, brought news
that Rear Admiral Withoeft again on June 24 gave battle to the Japanese fleet. The Japanese land forces are not yet within cannon range of Port Arthur, the siege operations proceeding slowly. There
port that certain of the forts had been captured is untrue.
FLEETS ENGAGE IN A SECOND BATTLE
War News Continued on Page 3. ]
Colored Man Who Killed White Taken
From Train . and Lynched hi
South Carolina.
CHARLESTON. S. C., June 30.—
Cairo ."Williams, . a negro, who kiUed
Thurston McGee, white, at Scranton,
in Wllllamsburg County, last Febru
ary, was taken from a train at Scran
ton to-night " and lynched. '
SUMMARY PUNISHMENT
IS METED OUT TO NEGRO
Bulgarian Band Reported to Have
' 3Iurdercd Entire ... Family • and - f
Servants of Greek Notable. .
CONSTANTINOPLE, June ; 30.—Ac
cording, to a report received 'here from
Serres, European .Turkey, '¦ a Bulgarian
band In ! the village of.Djigoroyb.mur
dered a Greek notable, burned his
family alive . and disemboweled two of
his aeryanta. . . V
TURKISH VILLAGE SCENE
OF A HORRIBLE CRIME
CHICAGO, June 30. — Because he
pasted advertising slips on United
States half dollars, D. T. Phalen of
Harvard, 111., has been arrested 'and
brought' to Chicago". ; He , Is a brother of
the 'Mayor, of ; Harvard,' and admits he
affixed to the. coins some slips stating
that if : the ' money was . brought to . his
store he would ' give its value in cloth
ing. - Phalen was . released on bonds.
on Half Dollars.
for Pasting; Advertising Slips
Brother of Mayor of Harvard in Jail
DEFACES UNITED STATES
COIN AND IS ARRESTED
Stradivarins Once Pawned for $4
Brings High Price at Sale of
Musician's Estate.
NEW TORK. June 30. — A Stradl
varius violin, once owned by Joseph
Jean Bolt has been sold by his estate
for $9000. It was once pawned for $4
and after eight years was found again
while a well-known dealer was on trial
charged with having stolen the instru
ment.
NINE THOUSAND DOLLARS
IS PAID FOR A VIOLIX
PARIS, June 30.— The arrest of three
officers on active service. Lieutenant
Colonel Rollln, Captain Francois and
Captain Marechal, in connection with
the case against M. D'Autriche has
caused a sensation in Paris. The exact
charge agairuit them has not been made
known officially.
Lieutenant Colonel Rollin was chief
of the so-called * information bureau
of which ;M. D'Autriche was a sub
ordinate official' during the Rennes
trial. Captain Francois and Captain
Marechal were also employed in the,
bureau at the same time.
It is assumed by the press that these
officers are accused of complicity in the
proceedings of . D'Autriche, . who is
charged with having by means of an
erasure falsified the accounts of the In
formation "bureau with the object of
concealing the payment of a sum of
money to witness, Czernuski who . gave
.evidence at Rennes against Dreyfus. -
Prominent Officials in Jail Supposedly
Because of Their Connection With
the Dreyfus Case.
PARIS IS AROUSED OVER
• ARREST OF THREE "OFFICERS
what action would be taken on the re
port of Colonel Kingsbury:
"As yet there is but a theory, which
the fair officials have not adopted. We
shall take no action until we have posi
tive evidence to act upon."
Inventor, if Present Plans Are Car
ried Out, Will Leave N ew
York July 7.
ST. LOUIS, June- 30. — Santos Dumont
will, If present plans are carried out,
sail from New York on July 7. Du
mont was not on the fair grounds to
day, but his assistants gave out this
information.
President Francis said, when asked
SANTOS DUMONT PREPARES !
TO LEAVE FOR FRANCE
The Grand Vizier acquiesced in the
wishes of Sir Nicholas and telegraphed
orders to that effect In the presence of
the Embassador. The British' Vice
Consul at Bttlis was notified of the
Grand Vizier's action and instructed to
report its effect. • •
Lord Lansdowne said that the Porte
had also granted permission for a Brit
ish officer to accompany any troops
engaged in expeditions against the in
surgents.
LONDON, June 30.— Great Britain
has successfully brought pressure to
bear upon 'the Porte for the relief of
the persecuted Armenians, according to
statements in a letter written by For
eign Secretary' . Lansdowne to the
Anglo-Armenian Association. . .
The letter says that . President
Nicholas O'Connor, the British -.Sm
bassador at Constantinople, In a long
Interview with the Grand Vizier " on
June 14, pointed out to that official the
responsibility of the Porte, should the
reports of Kurdish outrages prove true.
The Embassador called the attention
of the Grand Vizier to the design which
had been accredited to the Turkish
authorities of driving the Armenians
from their mountain .homes to .the
plains and urged that orders should be
sent to, the Vali of Bitlis that refugees
be allowed to return to their homes
and be given protection from the
Kurds. • ¦.'••"¦
Special Dlcpatch to The Call:
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, June 30.— Devastating
storms in greater number, and more se
vere than have been known In the his
tory ' of . the country for the . last . ten
years are predicted for the United
States during August, September and
October/ by W. T.I Forster, an unofficial
long-distance forecaster of this city.
Forster's warning is a grave, one. These
storms, he says, will be tropical hurri
canes ' and transcontinental cyclones.
The hurripanes will come from the
south and southwest, off the' Gulf of
Mexico, while the transcontinental
storms " will wend . their way from the
.territory west of the Mississippi Val
ley. .
. Forster makes no attempt to locate
these storms or to tell where they will
reach their greatest force. He confines
himself ;to the announcement that they
wiir come and the destruction with
which they will be attended. |
For days and weeks Forster has been
at work in the library of the naval ob
servatory, completing his maps and fol
lowing conditions throughout the coun
try. So positive is he that his forecast
is correct that he says he could foretell
approximately when the storms would
reach. a certain locality, but that he is
content in stating the fact that the
hurricanes will surely come.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His promotion was so rapid that it
caused - much Jealousy, among , the
younger members of the service.' In
quiries were made and there was dan
ger, pf the old scandal .being revived.
He was finally discharged, his ', income
cut off and he was told there' was noth
ing f more . for him. ' . .Until ¦ ; his ? ; mother
died; two y.ears ; ago," he received an al
lowance" from her.. ,Upon | her | death he
, recejved some money from, the sale; of
his > • ; effects. v - He * landed . in
Philadelphia,* ran^ some sort of ' a bro
kerage "office, , left under: cover/ came to
Toronto an* here -got ; into .3. trouble
jvhlchendeJ in imprisonment." '
TORONTO; June 30.— The "World to
day published a curious- story, intimat
ing' that a -half-brother of the present
Czar of Russia is a prisoner in the On
tario prison, given a six months' term
for fraud. .
About the year 1867 there was intro
duced into the royal household of Alex
ander III, the" then Czar, an English
woman named Mabel Arnot, a member
of the English aristocracy, but ¦ a per
sonal attendant on the' Czarina, who
formerly was the Princess Dagmar of
Denmark. The Czar and Miss • Arnot
became friends. The intimacy resulted
in a great deal of talk in the -Palace.
Miss Arnot was ostracized by the court
ladies.
Soon afterward a of con
venience was arranged and . took place
between Richard Easmin, \ an English
contractor of . armory ¦> supplies, , and
Miss Arnbt (Mrs. Easmin) was -'sent
back toeEngland, where she was given
a fine estate and an income of £2000 a
year until her death. While on her es
tate her child was born— the man who
is now a convict in an Ontario prison.
Young Easmin (for he took the name
of the contractor) was educated in the
best schools and colleges in England.
After his cpllege course he had a com
mission in the Queen's army. He soon
tired of this and. was sent to Russia)
where he was appointed a member of
the consufar service.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Porte Yields to the
Pressure From
London.'
Expert. on Weather
Makes Gloomy
Prediction.
Ontario Jail Holds
¦; Hall-Brother of ;
. Nicholas.
It is reported with authority that
there i3 continual skirmishing In the
vicinity of Port Arthur, and that the
Japanese forces are closing In ¦ upon
that place.
TOKIO. - Jane 30.— Generals Fufcu
phima and Inoguchi are to accompany
Field Marshal Marquis Oyama and
General Kodama, his chief of staff,
to the front on July 6. The Emperor
has, presented his favorite horse to
General Kodama.
.
BESIEGERS CLOSING IX.
LONDON, July 1.— The ships sunk at
Gensan. according to- a dispatch to the
Central News from Tokio. were the
steamship Koun of 2876 tons and the
little coasting steamship Seitu.
TOKIO. June 30.— The Russian Vladi
vostok squadron, accompanied by tor
pedo-boats, appeared off Gensan. on iho
east coast of Korea, to-day. Torpedo
boats entered Gensan harbor at 5:30
o'clock in the morning, shelled the set
tlement and sank a small steamship
and a small schooner. The torpedo
boats left the harbor at 7:20 o'clock. A
total of 200 shells was fired Into the set
tlement, but no serious damage re
sulted.
The Russian vessels which took part
In the bombardment of Gensan were
the cruisers Rossiav. Gromobol and
Rurlk and nine torpedo-boats. Later
reports show that the vessels when
they left Gensan steamed to the north.
They were seen, however, to return
from this direction. They were lost
sight of at 10:30 o'clock In the morning.
SEOUL, Korea. June 30.— Reports re
ceived here of the appearance of the
Russian Vladivostok squadron off Gen
san, on the East coast of Korea, say
the warships werb first seen at 5:30
o'clock in the morning. Four torpedo
boats entered the harbor and sank a
smail steamship and a Junk, while the
cruisers remained outside and shelled
the Japanese barracks on shore. At the
end of a half-hour the Russians with
drew In the midst of a torrential down
pour of rain, which prevented the look
outs noting what direction they took.
The damage inflicted by the Russian
fire was slight and no casualties have
been reported. Further news, how
ever, is expected when the telegraph
wire between Seoul and Gensan. which
was broken bv the storm. Is restored.
The Japanese consulate was hit by a
shell, but the damage Inflicted was
small. At the first shot by the hostile
visitors the citizens fled to the protec
tion of the hills.
The hearing took place in the pri
vate chamber of the court. It is un
derstood neither of the principals In
the suit was present.
One of the consequences of the de
cision, under a recent judgment of the
French, courts, is that the wife shall
abandon her husband's name and title.
PARTS, June 30.— The Duchess of
Valencay, who was Helen Morton,
daughter' of Levi P. Morton, before
her marriage, *vas to-day granted a
divorce.
The. proceedings were conducted in
the privacy which the French courts
give to divorce cases. The charges
against the Duke were ill-treatment
and neglect. The hearing was brief.
The court, in pronouncing itself fa
vorable to the Duchess' pleading, gave
the defendant's name as "Saint Louis
Marie Archambault Bason, Comte de
Talleyrand-Perigorda, due de Valen
cay. ' !•?-— I
Special Dispatch to The CalL
• The next caller was Henry M. Huyl,
who said he was 40 years old and lived
at "Ceylon, Va. He was stopped out
side, the White House by a policeman,
to whom he told a story of a vision he
had had from' heaven In regard to *a
plot against the life of the President.
HC said -he had a great affection for
Mr. Roosevelt and wanted to warn him.
At' the police station he admitted that
he had beerv in an asylum at Staun-,
ton, Va* * ...
• Septimus Pincl, a paroled Inmate of
St. Elizabeth's, was ¦ the next caller.
This was Pinci's second visit to the
.White House in the last few days. He
carried a huge roll of manuscript un
der-his arm, which he said was a poem
written 'in French which he wished to
present to the- President.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON*.
WASHINGTON, June 30.— All crank
records -.'were broken at * the White
House to-day by the appearance in one.
day of 'three deranged individuals de
siring to see the President.
The cranks were all men and ap
peared perfectly harmless, but the
White House guards were somewhat
worried over the unusual invasion. All
of the men admitted that they had
served time in asylums heretofore, and
they were consigned to St. Elizabeth's
Insane Asylum.
The only visitor- with a grievance. was
Abel Crawford. 72 years old, a former
inmate of St. Elizabeth's asylum. The
old man carried under his arm a large
picture of a horse, which he said was
Hickey Clay, a valuable stallion be
longing to him. He said that his ene
mies were, trying to poison the [horse
and he .wanted to see the President
about It. ...
Special . Dispatch to The Call,
LATE CZAR'S
SON INMATE
OF A PRISON
FORECASTS
LONG SERIES
OF STORMS
ARMENIANS
ARE SAVED
BY BRITAIN
Decree Is Granted to
the Duchess ol
Valencay.
White House Police
Arrest Three in
a Day. •
VIEW OF GENSAN, THE KOREAN' SEAPORT, WHICH WAS ATTACKED BY RUSSIA'S WARSHIPS.
DENVER, June SO.— The discovery
this morning of the dead body of Dr.
Seymour Jarecki has furnished a mys
tery which bids fair to rival the famous
Burdick-Pennell case of Buffalo, which
was never solved, though it led to the
death of three of the principal char
acters.
Dr. Jareckl. for the past two years
County Physician, lived with his wife
end two children at 2300 Ogden street-
Last evening he went with his family
to the home of David Michaels at 1424
Columbia street, to attend a social
gathering. He left the Michaels house
about 1 o'clock this morning, his wife
and children remaining over night, and
¦went home alone. Shortly after 4
o'clock neighbors heard two shots in
succession from the Jarecki terrace.
After an hour or so an investigation
was started by the neighbors and
Jarecki was found dead on the kitchen
floor with a bullet through his heart.
Beside him was a revolver with two
chambers empty. A hole in the screen
around the kitchen porch showed that
eome one had fired the shot through
the open door and the powder marks
fehowed that the weapon which killed
him was held almost against his breast.
Dr. Jarecki was dressed only in his
night gown, but though he had been
et home almost three hours, the bed
had not been disturbed. His watch.
money and other personal belongincs
were on the dressing-table In his room.
At first glance It looked like a brutal
irurder and the detectives are work
ing on this theory.
A suicide theory has been advanced',
but this Is generally, discredited. . It Js
rumored that Jarecki was murdered
for revenge, and that a relative of a
woman whom he had wronged was re
sponsible for the deed. Dr." Jareckf was
assaulted Jn his office In .the. . Court r
hous- on the afternoon of December
2% last by some persons whose identity
has never been discovered. The de
tectives working ¦ on the case found
themselves handicapped by the alleged
inability of the ' victim \ to give j them
a description of the .assailant.. . His.
8ctions in regard to the matter and
•his apparent disinclination to -talk led
the police to believe that he knew who
his s??ailant was, but refused' to "tell 1
for reasons Iv^st known to hfmgelf* The.
theory of the police was that murdei
end not robbery was th<s object.
A young man riding to his home
*ho passed the Jarecki house yesterday
corning shortly before 4. o'clock saw
:wo men talking in front of the place.
They sermed disconcerted by his ap*
r*aranee and quickly separated. De
scriptions of the men have been-fur
nished the police, and an effort is to
be made to apprehend them.
Jarecki renewed several of his life
Insurance policies on Wednesday, ' and
Lhis fact is the cause of the advance
ment of the suicide theory. Dr. Jarecki
was well-to-do and certainly had no
financial reason for ending his life.
Mrs. Jarecki believes that her hus
band was the victim of a burglar, who
was trying to enter the kitchen door of
the Jarecki home; that he ¦ arrived
home about 1:30 o'clock, returned
md Tell asleep and was awak
•ned by the efforts of the bur
tlar. He went to investigate, she
presumes, and met his death after
grappling with the Invader. The shoot-
Ing was dene at close range, which ac
counts for the powder marks on his
night shirt, and Ehe accounts for the
powder stains on his ' hands ' by pre-"
turning that he held the revolver when
*t v&s fired,' .
6p«cl*l Disp&tch to The Call.
GIVES HER
TITLE FOR
A DIVORCE
KEPT BUSY
BY A TRIO
OF CRANKS
LONDON, July i.— The Tokio
correspondent of the Standard
says that Japanese officers who
were engaged in the last naval
fight at Port Arthur assert that
they saw women on board the
Russian warships, and this con
firms the suspicion that the Rus
sians were attempting to escape to
a neutral port and had no inten
tion of fighting.
The Tokio correspondent of the
Times says: "There is considei
able uncertainty here regarding
the Russian losses in the recent
sortie from Port Arthur. It is
just possible that no ship was
sunk. The Peresviet may have
got into Port 'Arthur at night.
The Japanese, on the other hand,
feel certain that three torpedoes
took effect on three ships."
Dr. Jarecki Is Found
Dead in House
at Denver, ,
Two Japanese Ves
sels Destroyed
at Gensan.
MAN'S DEATH
IS SHROUDED
IN MYSTERY
Women Are Seen
on Warships
During Battle.
The San Francisco Call.
TBS Jr — K»^*iMf,
Alcazar— "Soldier* of Fortnna." -
Central — "Power of tlia Cross."
Chutes — Vaudevillo.
Tlaohar'a — "The Mormons."
Grand— "Do Barry." >
Orphenm— Vaudevilla.
Tivoli— "BoMa Hood," ,
ru.£6
THE WEATHEE.
Forecast made at Saa Proa
claco for thirty bcun eadlnr
xaidxJrht, July 1, 1904: (
Ban Frandaco and vicinity —
Talr rtlday,- fcriirtc westerly
winds.
A. O. ' BCcASXE,
" District Forecaster.
VOLUME. XCVI— NO. 31.NOXITH -SANDWICH. JJ. H., June 30.— Mrs.
Grover Cleveland vrA her children • arrived at
their new : summer home here to-day. Mrs.
Cleveland £aid. that the -date of Mr. Cleve
land's. Arrival was uncertain. '
8AOTA HOSA, June 30.— Mrs. C. R. Farm.
•r.Ca>e*r Petitioned for letter* of admlnlstra*
Von'.en tbr estate of the late Charlea R.
#VCttr«v% well-known .hcp-Rrower an-1 cap!*
UU*t, ,**? estate is valued at $115,000. ..'.
SIX MONTHS FOR VAGRANT.—OAK
LAND, June 20.— Thomas O'Neil. who was or
dered to leave u>e city, but failed to &b'ey;-was
sentenced t» «!x . months' imprisonment !n the
City Prison by. Police Judge George Samuels
to-day,;. -7.V.: -.;.•¦ ¦ . . ,. .-
William ¦Bray^aa triediVbefore a
jury in Judge'.pjiiime's cotiri yesterday
on a charg'e;o£'sfesault'to'-fob'''and'was
convicted of • elini)le assaults-He W U1
be sentenced V: :tp-morrow,'' vrhx&i ,dn
other chargeY against himVbi'Jnssault
to rob will 1 be replied. On th'e'-'hlght of
April 13 Bfajr -Attacked; "^^b;- Mary
'street •; and :",- attempted, to 'steal-, her
purse. ; ""A'.'few.'mlnutea later "ho at
tacked Mrs. Annie Reinshagen, ' 4 6 0
Geary street, as she' was eriterfnff her
home, dragged her down the 'steps and
tried to take her purse from- her*' >S .
Convicted of 'Assi\iti4
Mrs. M, Bloom, merchant tailor of
San Francisco and San Jose, filed a
petition in insolvency yesterday. -Her
liabilities? are $22,700 and her assets
SS150, consisting of stock in trade and
tools -and machinery. .Her principal
Creditors are: P. Greenberg & Co.,
merchandise, $3100; J. Baumgarten &
Co., merchandise, $2612; Reiss Broth
er*: 4k' C<»., merchandise, $2268; Gum
brinerv Fox & Co., Philadelphia, mer
chandise. J 2 992; Black &Co.. Roches-
JeiyN.Y,. $2307. .-'• ¦;-¦ -:.;' ...
Mrs. Bloom Bankrupt.
Louis G. Bergrin, a building,, con
tractor, and David Sanderson/Downer
of a lot on Haight street near 'Pierce,
were yesterday made defendants In a,
EUit for $28,635 damages brought by
Mary Cullen. She alleges that in
building operations the men named
dug a deep trench across the: public
sidewalk, but, contrary to the pro
visions of the city ordinance, the
trench was not covered nor was a
warning light placed upon it after
dark. On the evening of November
21, 1002, she fell into the trench and
fractured her right leg in five places.
On acouat-pf the injuries she avers
that- aho -Vfas. confined to her bed for
flve months and for sixteen months
was unable to .leave her home. She
had been able,' she says, to earn. $35
a week as a dressmaker, hence -the
heavy damages" demanded. • ' ,
Damages for Broken I/eg.
Bishop Hamilton has just. been as
signed "for another quadrennium to
the Pacific Coast, with' residence at
San Francisco..,, His labors during the
past Quadrenhiurii have been so satis
factory to the church. that his return
is 'hailed with, great rejoicing. ..While
on, the coast in his .official capacity he
has", assisted in paylns-'- the debts of
nearly^.thirty .churches, and he has
raffed y*if6r.-\ educational/ and religious
purposes, over $l ( 000,fl00i .-.
Dr.vW. S. AlaUhewr •will, preside at
the r. reception and addresses of wel
comftrWill'be delivered by. the Rev. Dr.
G. W.'-White .of this, city." Rev. Dr. E.
R.' PIBe' 5>f . Oakland* and Mayor For
derer; df *Alatneda /' on , behalf of . the
Methodist church, and by the Rev.
Dr. John- HemphlU on behalf of sister
denominations. ..',': , .
They Methodists of San Francisco
arid . the cities surrounding the bay
will give a reception this evening to
Bishop ; and Mrs. J. W. Hamilton at
Simpson Memorial Church, Hayes and
Buchanan streets. . ....;',
Methodists Will Gather at Simpson
Memorial Church to Show Ap
preciation of His Work.
The ¦ Recorder's annual report for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1904,
Shows a net profit to thejeity of $13,
637 45. The total number of papers
tiled for the period is 37,337, the cash
receipts $57,537 45 and the expendi
tures t<3, 900. The- preceding year's
transactions show a surplus of $11,
07" 70. and on the year before that
the. balance sheets showed $2559 75.
The cash receipts for June of the
present year are $4744 15, which Is
1618 SO better than those of June,
1803. There were 3400 documents
filed thH month. . • . .
Gain in Recorder's Receipts.
RECEPTION TO BISHOP
•: AND MRS. J. ,\V. HAMILTON
A-.-Frank- Austin, a messenger _bby em
ployed, by Attorney ; Archie
1 6S7.C.Ciay street, -had -a 'narrow escape
from. b"eing r ,cru3hed r to death by an
electric j car , opposite the 'dfflce of his
employer "about < noon \ yesterday. The
boy-had. stolen : a -ride' f on a north
bound" car and Jumped off in front of
u-abuth-bound; car. He was knocked
downiand the fender, lodged on his
back* t was. dragged along for sev
eral yards, till the car was stopped.
; f >.f. PQliceman T." F. Wren " heard the
boy's, shrieks sthd. running forward
tried '.to extricate him but failed. Wren
r the conductor to get a jack
from:-some,men" who were working on
a-inear-by -¦building, .and. with its aid
,the/;.car a was /lifted "up and the boy
;d.ra'sg<?d { out. .He was" bleeding from
'tile; noser and ears; his: shoulders and
arms "were laceratcdi-Vbjit he did not
-J ose " consciousness'.-.; : ' ;• iS ••
"The boy ,was tal:eh\t*"&ls home at
1166 Ellis streeUy.^Aiv Jollier, the
motorman, .'.vas .anrcsted.voh a charge
of battery ,. and Cwaa.'/dlcttged on $20
cash bail. . \ ; «^v; v\Vt- *AV. •'>>"-- WtSk
Frank;. Austin Has a Narrow Escape
Frpin JBeing" Crushed to Death,
/../..v;;;\,^qndeivSavinK.IIim. ";'¦
BOY.^ KNOCKED DOWN BY
i >V A REARN Y-STREET CAR
Newly Impaneled Inquisitorial Body
Prepares for Rs Investigations '
•• Into Municipal Affairs. ''¦¦ '¦-
The newly Impaneled Grand Jury
held its initial session yesterday with
Al Lilienfeld, foreman, in the chair 1
and Charles W. Welch secretary. No
business was transacted other than the
selection of.the following committees,
the first named in each instance being
the chairman:
I Mayor and Civil Service— Charles W. Welch,
M. Levy, George Purlenky.
Board of Supervisors— Otto Jungblunt, Jame«
C. Nealon, Theodore F. Bonnet.
Tax and License Collector — James C. N«alon
I. Zellcrbach. Dr. .George- I. Drucker. ¦-
County Clerk and Justice Clerk— Maurice
Block, J. W. Carmany, A. G. Hagedom.
Public Library and Park Commissioner— J.
W, Carmany, Charles W. Welch, Milton H.
Esbergr. '
Health Department — Gecrge Purlenky, F. H.
Kilduff. Dr. George I Drucker.
Corporations— Wakefleld Baker, Charles A.
McLane. Theodore F. Bonnet
Courts — Charlfs A. McLane, William Brod
erick, Maurice Block.
District Attorney and City Attorney — I. Zel
lerbach, M. Levy, George Purlenky. ¦
Fire Department — Theodore F. Bonnet, John
P. Culley,- J. W. Carmany.
Auditor, Treasurer and Election Commission
ers — William Broderick, A. G. Hagedorn John
P. Culley.
Police Department — Milton H. Esbers. 'Wake
field Baker, I. Zellcrbach, George Purlenky,
William Broderick. Maurice Block, Charles-' W-
Welch. .;¦; ¦ |i
Sheriff, County Jail, Magdalen Aaylutn— A.
O.' Hagodorn. Charles A. McLane, M. Levy.-
Board of Education and Public SchoolH— V.
H. Kilduff, Charles W. Welch, Milton H. Es
berg.^ >'•_-"'•'.:
Assessor, Recorder and Administrator— JSj
Levy, Matthew I. O'Brien, F. H. KUdunV , )
Coroner and Morgue — John P. Cullejr^'Otto
Jungblunt, Matthew I. O'Brien • '-:- :¦>-/•'.
Board of Public Works — Matthew I. O'Brien;
Wakefleld Baker, Maurice Block." .' '• .
Matters cf Public Welfare— Dr. George I,
Drucker, James C. Nealon, Otto Jungblunt. '
The Grand Jury adjourned to meet
on Thursday, July 14, at 2 p. m.
GRAND JURY RESOLVES
ITSELF INTO COMMITTEES
W.H. CamDbell Jr.,' 624 Second
street, is secretary of the association,
and any one holding .the" following
numbers can secure the prizes by. ap
plying to him: Tickets number 703;
4062, 2855, 3658, 1415, 417, 4063, 232,
4122. 2850, 4195, 4008. "n^ •:
At 1 o'clock the games began, but
they were, so numerous that A. T.
Love, R. C. Bowes and J. Hennessy,
the judges, decided that there was no
use of keeping any records. As
as the results were agreed upon the
prizes were awarded. The prizes
ranged from 50 cents to $3 for the
winners while the picnickers - had
double that value watching the fun.
Every one was interested in. the gate
prizes. J. D. Morgan of 679 .Minna
street won the first prize, consisting of
a set of harness valued at $40. Hold
ers of all the tickets except a few pre
sented their coupons as soon as the
drawing took place and received their
awards.
Members of the Retail Coal Dealers'
Association like to have a good time
when they are not attending to busi
ness. Yesterday was their day off,
and they were having a good time at
Shell Mound Park. It was the first
annual picnic of the association, and
in order that such annual gatherings
might have history as- precedent all
kinds of games were indulged in and
gate prizes awarded to the fortunate
holders of numbers.
Games Enliven the Outing at Shell
Mound Park, Where Prizes
Are Awarded. .'/v::
RETAIL COAL DEALERS HOLD
THEIR FIRST 'ANNUAL PICNIC
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday postponed action for one
week on the application of the Yo
semite Club for the August professional
boxing permit. The majority of the
committee has already recommended
that the Hayes Valley Club be grant
ed the permit. -.v:t -V-.
August Boxinsr Permit.
Clifton, is coins to remain here,' ' he
says, only two days. Since last in Sail
Francisco * he has visited Tibet and
South Africa, and in both countries, he
declares, he acted with some brilliancy
as correspondent for several London
papers.
"When I was here before the fellows
I met laughed -at me when I said I
could -?Tfde. ,Ha! ha! ha! Really I
cawn'tl restrain' a jolly, rousing laugh.
Since I left here I. have made a deen
study' of.the subject. I have found out
that ft was Englishmen who tatiRht
Americans 'hoy? to ride. I've got those
bally scoffers rather in a beastly hole,
don't you Jtiio'.v?y . '•"•?• v-. ..:'"•
"Motors! ah, motors! I have a mad
infatuation for motors. ; Day^ pf the,
tally-ho has passed. Motors and fox
terriers. There, ah, you, ah,- have the
present, ah, religion of, ah, mister, not
Lord~pyou know.; I'm a gentleman, but
not a Lord;, oh, lord, no; of Mister J.
Talbot Clifton.
. J. Talbot Clifton, CTstwhlie boon cdm-'
panlon of "White Hat" McCarty "and
for, a season' or two. a "familiar figure
at the. local racetracks, arrived yester
day on the Korea. Since leaving here
some years ago Clifton has visited
many lands, but returns with a- fox
terrier and all the mannerisms and af
fectations of the old days. . . .? w
This fox terrier bites. The Call report
er did not learn this until the informa
tion was imparted by Clifton. The mes
sage of . warning was launched \ when
the reporter started to pat the terrier's
head. When the message ended report
er and terrier were good friends.
"Ah, I say," said Clifton with earnest
deliberation as the stranger stroked a
friendly palm along the dog's back; "I
say, old chap, don't you know, by jove,
that, ah, that, ah— really, old fellow. "•
The reporter patted the dog as the
message flowed. "Ah! Better not go, ah;
near him. Ah, he bites."
— » —
Talbot Clifton De
nies That He's'
a Lord.
•Commander K. Oguri of the Japanese
navy arrived yesterday on the Siberia
and in a few days will continue his
journey to London, where he has been
assigned for one year, to study the
English language. Commander Oguri
is 36' years old, a young, man. for such
high rank. He has been attached to
the Admiralty office at Tokio for-sev
eral years. His present knowledge of
English is limited, but sufficient to en
able him to express the belief that on
his return journey he will be able to
tell the newspaper men all about Lon
don.
Meanwhile the broad-shouldered little
sailor bows, smiles, shows his teeth,
inhales noisily through his nostrils and
says in answer to most questions:
"Thank you, please. ' ess. No. I
know nothing of the war. You have
some news? Yess? No! Thank you,
please." . .
Naval Commander " Oyari - Is on His
Way to London.
JAPANESE OFFICER HERE.
' Dr. G. Bonareiu and wife are from
the isiuriil of Borneo pnd are on their
Way to France. Among the doctor's
curios from the alleged island o% "bad"
Then is a large ouranB-outang, which
showed a decided' desire to get out of
the' cage and 'chew up his fellow pas
sengers. • V •
The monkey's ease first came before
the Immigration Commissioner, who
found him without the proper certifi
cate. The simian traveler from Bor
neo was not permitted to land. His
master protested .with tongue, hands
and shoulders against, the detention of
,his pet and insisted that it . was not
a Chinaman nor a pauper and neither,
exclusion act nor mendicant law could
bar it out of the country.' The doctor's
nicely pointed argument failed to ef
fectively reach the obdurate official and
the- orang-outang with a human stow
away found after the vessel had left
Honolulu .were held-up aboard ship
pending disposition of the case.
Giant Monkey Is Not Allowed to be
: ¦ Landed.
HELD VV THE OfKANCOUTANG.
The Rev. W. D. and Mrs. Osborne
were aboard and are on their way to
London. They are members of the
London Missionary Society, stationed
at. Attingal, Southern India. They have
a leave of absence of a year, when they
will return to their distant post.
T." Moorehead, connected with the
Chinese Customs Service at Foochow,
China, accompanied by his family, is
going to England on a vacation.
Mrs. Laura and Miss Blythe McDon
ald of this city returned from a visit
to Honolulu.
T. H. Reid, a journalist from the
Orient, was a passenger, en route to
Aberdeen, Scotland. He was until a
short time ago editor and one of the
owners of the China Mail, a newspaper
published at Hongkong. During the
Spanish-American war he was in
charge.of the Herald-Call news service
in the Philippines, He; will live per
manently in Aberdeen,
lish with considerable fluency. He has
never before been in an American port,
but pleasantly accepted the attention
of the interviewer and the photog
rapher with the observation that he
understood these things - were a part
of the welcome here extended to the
incoming foreigner. Then he placed
himself in the hands of the artist and
manfully stood the jokings of his party
at his expense while the camera was
working. -' -. - •* ...
Judge A. Perry of Honolulu was a
cabin passenger. He is a native of the
Hawaiian Islands, where he has prac
ticed law for many years. His last
term. on the bench having expired he
is taking a short vacationl
"We have had hard times in Hawaii,"
he said in explanation, "and the jour
ney to St. Louis is long and expensive.
The Hawaiian delegation will support
Hearst. We are rather out of the world
down there and really know little about
the situation. Hearst has supplied us
with full information about himself,
and as far as we Democrats of Hawaii
Dr. Xoblitt was a conspicuous: figure
among the Korea's more than 800 pas
sengers. During the last three days of
the voyage and until the liner docked,
in suite of the lowering temperature,
the doctor delegate braved the chilly
breeze in a suit of spotless white duck.
That attracted some attention. Then
the doctor traveled in the steerage. •-
Bringing ui> the rear and a long' way
behind, Dr. W. S. Noblitt of Honolulu,
Hearst-instructed delegate to the Dem
ocratic convention, arrived here yester
day on the liner Korea. He left on last
night's train for St. Louis.
Louis Convention.
Dr. Noblitt of Honolulu Going to St.
BELATED DELEGATE ARRIVES.
In order to give those who visit tha
Guerneville and Sonoma Branches a*
good, long holiday on July- 4th. the Cali
fornia Northwestern Ry. will run on 5
that day a special train, leaving Camp
Vacation at 7:00 p. m.. Russian River
Heights 7:10 p. m.. Guernewood Park
7:15 p. m. and Guerneville at 7:20 p. m..
stopping at Santa Rosa. Petaluma and
all intermediates. The special from the
Sonoma Branch will leave Glen Ellen at
8:15 p. m., stopping at Sonoma. Vlnebursr I
and other Branch points. Both trains \
will arrive in San Francisco at 10:45
p. m.
Extra Train Service on the California
Northwestern Hniluav.
FAMOUS NOVELIST. A GI^OBE-TkuXTING ;¦ NGL.ISHMAN, A JAPANESE NA
VAL OFFICER. A DELEGATE TO THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVEN
TION. AN AUSTRIAN NOBLE1FAN AND A JOURNALIST FROM ORIENT.
VI am glad to be home. I will prop
ably write a book on the war. You see
I went out there on a vacation. I am
not a journalist in any sense of the
¦word, only a writer of books and
"It seems that I have arrived at the
psychological moment in this unfor
tunate affair. I do not know what I
can say except that two people are
paying the penalty of writing a book
together. I have read the complaint
and have it now in my pocket, but
have not made up my mind what I
Khali do. My wife and I have not been
living together for more than a year,
but it is needless to bring the name of
Miss Strunsky into the complaint.
"Our names have become connected
because we wrote the Kempton-Waee
letters together. She took the part of
an old man who had got through liv
ing, while I took, the part of a young
man just beginning to live. The book
was about lave but not of love. It is
a very dangerous thing for a man and
a woman to write a book together.
Their names become linked as ours
have."
Speaking of the situation In the Far
East as he sees it, London said:
"Every soldier that Japan is now
Bending to the front is lessening the
country's power of creative industry.
Every soldier takes a man from the
manufacturing and agricultural pur-
Fuits to which the nation looks to ob
tain its gross revenues. The Japanese
soldier is kept in the field as cheaply
as any man can be sent to war, but
there is a limit to resources.
"There may come a time, then, when
there will be no shoes to send to the
soldiers and no powder to burn, and
that will be the time when Japan will
look for intervention. I believe that
Russia will ultimately win out.
Jack London, who has been in the
Orient for the last few months gather
ing material for a new book, returned
yesterday on the liner Korea. The au
thor of "The Call of the Wild" is
bronzed and looks as if his experiences,
however heroic, had acted as a tonic.
He is glad to get back, he says, and
does not want to see or speak to an
other Japan.ese for many days to come;
London's account of how he outwit
ted the Japanese authorities, made a
more rapid trek than did the army, and
advanced on the Russians alone, was
cut short by the arrival en board the
Korea of a lawyer's clerk, who served
the author with a summons and copy
of the complaint in the suit brought
by Mrs. London for divorce.
The perusal of the legal manuscript
occupied London's attention until the
arrival of a stjuad of friends armed
v.ith newspapers containing accounts
of the London matrimonial complica
tions. 1: * :'., ,
London intimated that he would not
contest his wife's suit. He said:
sfories. I have put my vacation to good
account and have much material for a
book.." . ¦
know is the only man in the field. If
there are others and we finu out about
them when we get to St. Louis we may
change our mind about Hearst."
"While He Tells How He Outwitted Japan's War Lords,
Law Clerk Serves Author With Summons.
Mrs. Phoebe J. Cazneau fell, down a
flight of twenty-two steps Wednesday
night and was instantly killed. Mrs.
Cazneau was visiting her old-time friend
Mrs. Maddern, at 899 T .rk street, and
was ascending the stairs preparatory to
retiring for the night, when she stum
bled and fell headlong.
Mrs. Cazneau was 85 years of age.
She was the widow of the late Thomas
Cazneau and the mother of Josephine
Gassman, the well-known actress. At
the time of the inauguration of Presi
dent Pierce in Washington Mrs..Caz
neau led the grand march. She has
lately resided at 2232 Pacific avenue,
Alameda.
3Irs. Phoebe J. Cazneau Jleets Death
While VLsitins an Old
Time Friend.
VENERABIiE WOMAN KILLED
BY FALLING DOWN STAIRS
The witness Hendrick told the Coro
ner that he heard Scanlan say to one
of the crowd, "You go down on this
side of the street and I'll take the
other side." Scanlan appeared to be
very much perturbed by thia revela
tion, but remained mute respecting the
accusation.
negroes in the first place. According
to the testimony of Scanlan and
Murphy, the five followed behind the
negroes, and Gallagher said: "There's
them colored gentlemen; I'll talk to
them." He then got in front of the
pursued men, but when some one in
the crowd said, "Don't say anything to
them," Gallagher tourned away, and as
his back was turned Smith fired the
fatal shot- and Williams dropped to his
knees with a revolver in hia hand
ready for action.
J. Scanlan, Tim Murphy. Joseph
Foran, E. Klagge and Gallagher com
posed the party who approached the
John Giblin and David Hendrick
also testified that there was a general
mix-up and that from four to nine
shots were fired in all.
A GENERAL MIX-UP.
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi testified
that it would have been impossible for
the wound to have been made by Smith
if Gallagher had ¦•¦not been facing the
negro at the time the shot was fired.
The bullet entered, he said, about an
inch above the right ear and ranged
backward and downward, lodging
against the base of the skull on the left
side. Others testified that the two ne
groes were attacked by .a crowd of un
ion men and that a white man behind a
post on Post street fired several shots
with a revolver at Smith, Gallagher be
ing between the shooter and the negro.
F. W. Ellis, a merchant at 1774 Post
street, testified that he heard a young
man say to two or three boys standing
on the corner of Post and Polk streets:
'.'Hold on; keep out of that," referring
to the actions of a crowd of men on
the opposite side of the street. He saw
six or eight men crossing Post street
diagonally, following Smith and Wil
liams. The crowd closed in on the ne
groes and there was an interchange of
blows and four pistol shots. The wit
ness saw Gallagher fall and another
man fall directly on top of him.. The
witness continued:
A white man on Post street deliberately and.
I think, maliciously, fired several shots at
the nogrws and then went up Poet street
toward Van Ness avenue. At the time they
were attacked by 'the crowd the colored men
were soins along peaceably about their busl
nors and walklne fast, as If trylne to escape.
The man I sDOke of seemed to shoot Into the
crowd, and th» crowd was very industriously
Betting out of the way. Gallasher was In
direct ranjre of the shooting. Gallagher fell
after the first rhot was fired by. this man
toward tho two negroes, Gallagher being be
tween him and the negroes.
BACIGAIAJIFI'S EVIDENCE.
"We, the jury, find that the said An
thony Owen Gallagher came to his
death on June 25, 1904, from a gunshot
wound in the head from a pistol in the
hands of a colored man named James
H. Smith. Whether fired with criminal
intent or not the evidence is too con
flicting for us to determine."
Such was the verdict returned by a
Coroner's jury yesterday afternoon in
the case of the union stableman 'who
was killed by James H. Smith, a non
union negro stableman. In a revolver
battle at the intersection of Post and
Polk streets.
Said Coroner Leland: "I never heard
more peculiar evidence. Each witness
seemed to see the affair from a differ
ent standpoint. The 'evidence seems to
show that the shot which killed Gal
lagher was fire.d by Smith. I will ap
prove the verdict as it stands."
After a copy of the verdict had been
submitted to the District Attorney,
Judge Fritz issued a warrant for the
arrest of James H. Smith and Arthur
Williams on the charge of murder. The
complaint was sworn to by Edward
Giblin. The charge was immediately
booked against the prisoners.
The evidence at the Coroner's Inquest
was 'more than conflicting. There was
apparently rank perjury on one side or
the other. Union stablemen swore that
Smith had not been molested at all and
that Gallagher had his back turned to
the negro when the fatal shot was fired.
On. the list of the Korea's passen
ger's are the names of Baron and Bar
oness Erggrelete, birthplace Austria. He
is a chemist and is a member of a
silk manufacturing firm in T'singtau,
a German port in China. After a num
ber of years' residence In they Orient
they are on their" way to their native
city, Vienna, for a visit. The Baron,
who is quite a young man, and as
affable as he is youthful, speaks Eng-
One Witness Intimates That
the Victim Might Have
Been Shot by a Friend
Thinks Interview
Form of Yankee
Welcome.
JUKY UNABLE TO JUDGE
Conflicting Testimony in
the Gallagher Inquest
Before Coroner . Leland
German Nobleman
Jests About
America.
NON-COMMITTAL
VERDICT GIVEN
JACK LONDON RETURNS FROM ORIENT, BUT SAYS
IT IS NOT TO FIGHT WIFE'S SUIT FOR DIVORCE
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1901.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ch as . Keilu » & Co.
ft&gfo-Grade Clothiers
.';.- ;• .. •¦» Branch etom. Ko A««t«. y.-^/^
$HS ADVAH0BMBNT
IN SMART CLOTHES
CKiNHOT BB FOUND
IN SHOPS AND PLACES
0 FS^O 0 N T I N U 0 U 8
BARGAIN HOW LBBS.
WE KEVER HAVE A SALE.
ApyTBTISETfENTS.
;^§.If you are going away on your vacation or even to the
country on the Fourth, be prepared with the proper wearing.
apparel. Here are suggestions at prices you will. appreciate
all the more when you see the goods :r V ¦ <'¦
White duck trousers. $1-00
Good khaki trousers..... $1.50
Good khaki norfolk coat, $2 ¦ 00
Good khaki bicycle pants. . ." $1 .50
Tweed bicycle pants. .'....... $2-00 and $2- 50
Tweed bicycle 'pants. .....$7.50 and $8-50
Worsted wool bicycle hose* ..* ••• 85c
Cotton jersey sweaters 40C
All-wool jersey sweaters.... •• $1-00
Worsted jersey sweaters. '. $1 -50
Good leather belts... 25C and 50C
Crash dusters ....$1 -00 and $1.50
Linen dusters .... v ..... .1...... .$250 and $3-50
Alpaca dusters ...$250 and $3-50
Mohair dusters $350 and $5.00
Crash coats .$1 .00 and $1 .50
Alpaca coats . .$1 .50 and $2.50
Outing shirts, soft collars. ........... 50C. $1-00 and $1.50
Fancy vests, in pique, duck, mercerized silk and matting, in
all colors and sizes. .................. ••••..••.........
$100, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50
Mail orders filled as soon as received. Write to-day and
the goods will reach you in time for the Fourth, distance
permitting. \0t^V '.-., - -^ -;.
ADVIE&TISE1CENT3.
Tbats what every body
Says who tries it!
Something good fo/? Yoi/ ;
• ASH FOR /T.CHURCH MAT BORROW. — Jud^o Seawptl
yesterday granted permission to th* German
Evangelical Lutheran St. Paulus Congregation
to mortgage its property for Sf.300 with
which to liquidate outstanding: debts.
Correspondent Knight Xot Killed.
LONDON, June 30. — The Morning
Post's Tokio correspondent contradicts
the report that War Correspondent E.
F. Knight of the Post staff was kitted
recently. f
TOKIO, June 30.— A report received
from General Oku says that after the
fighting; at Telisau (Vafangow) on June
15 he buried 1854 Russian dead. The
trophies taken by the Japanese in this
engagement included sixteen Runs,
forty-six wagons and 958 rifles.
Oku Buries 1854 Russian Dead.
A reception was held and a breakfast
served to fifty friends in the Masonic
Temple. Aftef a wedding journey Mr.
and Mrs. Farnsworth will reside in San
Francisco.
The wedding was solemnized by the
Rev. Isaac Dawson in St. Paul's Epis
copal Church, which was beautifully
decorated by the friends of the bride.
The bride is a graduate of the State
University and a favorite among a
large circle of friends in Benicia and in
San Francisco.
BENICIA, June CO.— At high noon to
day Miss Beatrice Winifred Robinson,
eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alex
ander Robinson of Benicia, was mar
ried to Julian Weaver Farnsworth, son
of Mrs. E. S. Farnsworth and brother
of Mrs. Theodore Gray of San Fran
cisco.
Miss Beatrice Winifred Koblnson Be
comes the Bride of Julian Wea
ver Farnsworth.
BENICIA SOCIETY FAVORITE
WEDS A SAN FRANCISCAN"
SAN RAFAEL, June CO.— A certified
copy of articles of incorporation of the
North Coast Water Company' was filed
in the office of the County Clerk to
day. The capital stock is $600,000. The
principal stockholders are James New
lands Jr. of Mill Valley, John C. New
lands and W. A. Magee of San Fran
cisco, Frederic E. Magee of Oakland
and C. W. Brock of Berkeley.
. The purpose of the company ia to sup
ply the inhabitants of Southern Marin
County with portable water. The new
company will be a formidable competi
tor of the Marin County Water Com
pany, that for years has controlled the
water supply of Marin County.
Projectors Purpose Entering Into
Competition With Old Corporation
in Southern Part of County.
NEW* WATER COMPANY
INCORPORATES IN 3LVR1N
ST. PETERSBURG, June 30.—Re
ports from the Russian detachments
operating in Northern Korea have just
been received. Couriers bringing them
were delayed by the bad roads. The
dispatches show that a Russian, force
reached Gensan on June 5 and ertfeaged
the Japanese, inflicting losses. Gensan
was then held by 1200 Japanese infantry
with artillery and 400 Korean- soldiers.
The Korean soldier*: are -ill-disposed
toward the Japanese.
-Two thousand Japanese infantry* with
artillery are quartered at Seoul, where
there are many hospitals and enormous
stores of provisions and munitions.
Cossack Raiders Attack the Mixed
Garrison of Gcnsan.
FIGHTING IN KOREA.
Famous Painter Is Dying.
LONDON, July 1.— George Frederick
Watts, the painter and member of the
Royal Academy, is dying of bronchitis.
VALLEJO, June SO. — Admiral B.
H. McCalla. commandant of the Mare
Island navy-yard, went to San Fran
cisco this afternoon and paid $80,000
to the agents for sixty acres of land
located on the western shore of San
Francisco Bay. about midway be
tween California City and El Canipo.
Thff Navy Department will establish
a coaling station there at a cost of
$100,000 that will accommodate 100.000
tons of coal. Tho site ia said to be ad
mirable for the purpose proposed. A
marine guard was sent this afternoon
from the Mare Island navy-yard to
hoist the flag over the newly acquired
territory and to take possession in the
name of the Navy Department.
Government Takes. Possession 1 of
Land Bought on Marin County
Shore for Coaling Station.
NAVY DEPARTMENT PAYS
PURCHASE RICE OF . SITE
LIAOYANG, Wednesday, June J 29. —
The burial of Henry J. Middleton, cor
respondent of the Associated Press,
took place at 7 o'clock on Monday
evening, during a heavy thunderstorm.
The funeral services, that of the Greek
church/ conducted by Father Theador,
the chief of Parofsky Monastery, near
Moscow, were touching and solemn.
Sisters of Charity sang the choral
mass. A number of wounded in the
hospital knelt and prayed. Douglass
Story, a London correspondent; the
surgeons, several sisters and convales
cents accompanied the bier, which was
borne on the .shoulders of soldiers,
across the fields to a small knoll, where
soldiers are buried.
Russian Soldiers Bear War Writer to
His Last Restins Place. i^
BURIAIi OF MIDDLETON.
ST. PETERSBURG June 30. — The
treatment of alcoholism by hypnotism,
which began at Moscow in- 1896 and has
been tried at Ekaterinoslaff, Voronezh
and other places since, has been insti
tuted in St. Petersburg Ly Dr. R. Z.
BakofT. who investigated the results
and claims there have been 70 per cent
of radical cures for thr* system against
30 per cent in the cases of other kno'.vn
cures.
Institution for Treatment -of Drunk
ards by Strange Means Estab
lished at SU Petersburc.
HAS FAITH IN HYPNOTISM
AS CURE FOR ALCOHOLISM
BAKERSFIELD, June CO.— James
Cowan, the Mojave miner charged with
the murder of James Cummings, the
negro who was lynched at Mojave on
March 19. was convicted of manslaugh
ter to-day. The jury was out nearly
twenty-four hours and recommended
the prisoner to the mercy of the court.
One Juror stood out all night for mur
der in the first degree with the death,
penalty.
The other members of the mob who
went to. the jail with the intention of
tarring and feathering the negro are
not likely to be prosecuted.
The Indians first shot the driver from
ambush and, rushing out from their
cover, surrounded the stage. The two
men now living escaped the flre from
ambush, but were hit by flying bullets
when the ' Indians charged the horses.
After plundering, the vehicle the In
dians scattered, making it d'fflcult for
the pursuing parties which .set out
from Torin and Potam to trail them.
GUAYMAS, Mexico, June 30. — A
courier arriving from Potam to-day
brought to the civil authorities an ac
count of the holding up of the stage
which left Guaymas Wednesday morn
ing for Potam and Torin.
Fifteen Yaqui Indians surrounded the
stage a few -miles out of Torin. on the
Yaqui River, Wednesday afternoon,
killed the driver and fatally wounded
his' assistant and a passenger. The mall
sacks were rifled and everything of
value to the Indians in the express was
carried off. The Yaquls. also robbed
the dead driver and wounded men of
their valuables and, remounting their
horses, rode away. ';. y -..'
The courier stated that his story was
obtained from the passenger and as
sistant driver. He was one of a party
which set out from Torin when the
stage did not arrive at nightfall, be
lieving that something was wrong. The
two men who survived the attack were
so seriously wounded that they could
only crawl to the roadside. The horses
had been shot down by the savages and
the single passenger was in. a dying
condition when found.
1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shoot and Kill the Driver
and Fatally Wound Two
Other Men on the \ Coach
3Iift$r Who Took Part in the
Mojave Lyiichng Is Con
victed of Manslaughter
T A Q U I REBELS
HOLD UP STAGE
JURORS FIND
COWAN GUILTY
The damage at Kronstadt was con
fined to the torpedo mechanism shops,
which were almost wholly destroyed,
together with twenty whitehead tor
pedoes. Five of the torpedoes had war
heads attached, and they exploded,
which edded to the fire and excite
ment.^-'A considerable quantity of oil
stored In the works also was burned.
An alarm was given in time to prevent
loss of life and more serious loss of
property.
, The authorities do not attach much
importance to the accident, -and say
the works will soon be able to resume
full time.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 30.— As a
result of the receipt of news of a fire
which took place at the torpedo works
at-Kronstadt last night, this city was
to-night filled with the wildest rumors,
including one to the effect that the
Peterhof palace had been blown up.
Fire Breaks Out in the Torpedo
Mechanism Shops.
EXPLOSION AT KRONSTADT.
WASHINGTON, June 30.— While the
officials here are satisfied from their
private advices that the recent visit of
King Edward to his nephew. Emperor
William, was not brought about by a
purpose to initiate a movement toward
the restoration of peace between Russia
and Japan, there is no reason to believe
that some very careful and discreet
inquiries as to the opportuneness of
overtures at this time have emanated
from Washington. It may be stated
that the result has been to disclose
the fact that neither of the belligerent
powers is yet in a humor to sue for
peace, nor even to entertain overtures
from any third poww. • . ;
The State Department will continue
to maintain the friendly position it has
so far held toward both Russia and
Japan, standing ready to mediate and
extend its good offices to the full when
ever the belligerents indicate their •wil
lingness to accept them.
LONDON, June 30. — The news fr6m
Washington that steps were believed
to have been taken looking to media
tion between Russia and Japan creates
great surprise here. The British gov
ernment not only has taken no part in
such measures, but apparently is igno
rant that they were in progress.
Official opinion here, from Premier
Balfour down, is that the time is not
yet ripe for any offer of mediation: but.
to cuote a person in Balfour's confi
dence. "Great Britain has kept the door
'open for any such contingency." It is
not likely that this government would
be acceptable in the role of arbitrator,
but it would at the right time use all
its influence to urge the belligerents to
Washington Learns That Neither
Combatant Desires Mediation.
¦ - — _ — * — ;
WAR SPIRIT PREDOMINATES.
"Kuropatkin may still be forced to
retreat," but the fact remains that he
has made splendid use of his oppor
tunities. If he Is only successful In
his withdrawal after all that he has
risked he will have aohleved the nec
essary crown to a masterly piece of
defensive campaigning."
COPENHAGEN, June 30. — "Kuro
patkin is wiser than all his critics. He
is conducting* ' an arduous campaign
with signal ability, and instead of
losing reputation in Manchuria, he
promises to emerge from the ordeal
brilliantly triumphant personaly,
even though Russia should be beaten.
My opinion is based' on acquaintance
with the main factors . of the case.
The Czar's commander .in chief is
managing a small ormy against over
whelming numbers with skill and ef
fectiveness unsurpassed, if equaled,
in modern war.- I remember that Ku
ropatkin said before leaving St. Pe
tersburg: 'Patience! Patience! Pa
tience!' "
This declaration was made to-day
by a prominent European soldier, who
.had been stopping at Copenhagen for
a fortnight on his way home from St.'
Petersburg. He is familiar with the
Far East from personal "observation,
speaks Russian fluently and is per
sona grata at the Czar's court..
' "Think what Kuropatkin has done,"
he went on. "The war is almost 'five
months old and yet the Russians,
flanked on sea, where the Japanese
are supreme, and beset along a 200
'mile front by a vast army pf almost
unrivaled fighters, are still clinging to
their original positions. AH this time
Russian, reinforcements are arriving
and Kuropatkin is steadily whittling
away the disheartening odds against
him.
Holds to His Position in tho Face of
Overwhelming Odds.
KUROPATKIN '. SHOWS SKUiL.
CHEFU. July 1.— On June 24, it is
stated, the Japanese landed an inde
pendent division of. 10,000 men at their
naval base on the Elliott Islands. This
division is to be used to either assist
General Nozdu at Port Arthur or Gen
eral Oku in clearing the railway.
From an authoritative source it is
learned that the Japanese now' have
180,000 nifn in the field in Southern
Manchuria, while the entire fourth
army is yet to be landed.
Mikado Already Has 180,000 Men at
the Front In Manchuria.
JAPAN'S ENORMOUS ARMY T .
BERLIN, July 1. — The Tatchekiao
correspondent of the Lokal Anzelger,
In a dispatch dated June SO, says he
has had an interview with General
Kuropatkin regarding the military sit
uation and declares that the Russian
general has decided to withdraw to
Haicheng. General Kuropatkin, the
correspondent says, left the First Si
berian Army Corps and the Thirty
fifth Division at Kaichou to protect
his retreat. Headquarters are already
established at Haicheng.
Russian Commander Will Withdraw
His Forces to Haichenff.
KUROPATKIN TO RETREAT.
M- . ¦ .«•
accept the offer from a suitable medi
ator.
From the highest official sources here
and from I the Japanese legation comes
the positive statement ' that nothing
whatever has resulted • from the inter
view • between ¦ King . Edward and Em
peror William at Kiel that was in any
way connected with the Russo-Japan
ese war. There seems to be no doubt
that responsible ministers seriously
warned King Edward that he must
initiate any steps In that direction with
his Imperial nephew.
The Japanese . legation. It appears
made discreet inquiries as to whether
or not this advice was carried out,
and it was stated to-night that there
was every reason to believe the war
was not discussed at Kiel, except in
the most informal and conversational
way. .
sons were killed and fifty-eight Injured.
.The correspondent of the Standard at
Matsuyama, Japan, cabling under date
of June SO, says:
"To-day I visited the Russian prison
ers here. Five hundred and eight of
them were admitted to the army hos
pital, practically all of whom suffered
from wounds Inflicted from small arms.
Two hundred and nine have been dis
charged as completely cured. At pres
ent there are twelve officers, thirty
seven non-commissioned officers and 245
privates under treatment here, and all
of them are likely to recover with the
exception 'of one. who "has been para
lyzed. There are five temporary hos
pitals here, in wh!ch Japanese ladies.
American women, missionaries , and
members of the Red Cross assist in the
nursing 1 ."
LONDON, July 1.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Dally Chronicle says
that in the engagement off Port Arthur
on June 23 the Russian battleship
Sevastopol was slightly damaged.
The correspondent says the coal sup
ply in Port Arthur Is sufficient to last
eight months. The battleships Retvlzan
and Cesarevitch, he says, have been
completely repaired and their guns,
which had been placed on the forts,
have been replaced.
The Japanese, the correspondent says,
occupied Wolf Mountain after desper
ate fighting, in which a Russian regi
ment was almost annihilated.
The Tientsin corresr>ondent of the
Standard says that Chinese bandits re
cently derailed a train south of Harbin,
as a result of which thirty-three per-
In the meantime. the Japanese col
umn which had been assigned to make
the frontal attack met and routed 2000
infantry and cavalry posted near Wen
chapantsu. This occurred on Sunday,
the 26th. >
RUSSIANS LEAVE MANY DEAD.
At dawn of Monday the Japanese re
newed the attack. The fighting this
day was opened with artillery. The
Russians poured a deadly artillery fire
upon the attackers and the Japanese
artillery secured a new position and
delivered a heavy cross fire upon the
Russian lines of defense. While this
was proceeding the Japanese infantry
and engineers cleared tho obstructions
from the Russian rear and closed in
upon the enemy. The Russians broke
and fled at 11:20 o'clock on Monday
morning. The Japanese gained and re
tained possession of the heights. The
Russians left ninety dead behind them
on the heights. This number of dead
does not include those found in the.val
leys. The Japanese lost 270 men killed
or wounded in the flanking and frontal
attacks.
Tho Russian troops that defended
Fenshui Pass consisted of eleven bat
talions of infantry, twelve squadrons
of cavalry.and three batteries of artil
lery. • ' . .
The enemy had . spent ; three months
in fortifying Fenshui "Pass. The bar
racks and other buildings captured by
the Japanese had not been destroyed,
but before retreating the. Russians
burned their warehouses at Shantasu.
The Russians retreated in disorder to
ward Shimuchong. .'3SBSSS
The Japanese captured eighty-eight
prisoners.
JAPANESE COLUMN ADVANCING.
LIAOYANG, . Wednesday, June. 29. —
The Japanese column which forced
On Monday morning, the 27th, the
Russians were reinforced by three bat
talions and sixteen guns. They assault
ed the Japanese viciously and endeav
ored to retake the position they had lost.
They were repulsed and the Japanese
flankers worked their way to the rear
of the main Russian position at Fon
shui Pass. This attack occurred at 3
o'clock in the morning. StalS
"At 4 o'clock in the afternoon the
enemy occupied Kautia Pass on the
Liaoyang main road.
"Since June 25 the Japanese have
been advancing, their right, occupying
Saimatsza on the morning of June 26,
three companies advancing beyond. At
first they forced back the Cossacks,
but subsequently the Japanese were
repulsed."
TOKIO'S ACCOUNT OP BATTLE.
TOKIO, June 30.— Detailed reports of
the capture of Fenshui Pass on June
27 show that he Russians were driven
from an exceedingly strong position
dominating the Shlmucheng road. In
this engagement the Russian losses
were again heavier than those of the
Japanese. The Japanesa out-maneuw
ered the Russians **-' working around
the enemy's right flank and attacking
him in the rear.
The Japanese advanced in three col
umns. One was assigned to deliver a
frontal attack and the others to strike
the enemy on the flanks. The column
which advanced upon the Russian right
flank fought a separate action. It en
countered three battalions of infantry,
six guns and two machine guns on
Sunday morning. This engagement
lasted until sunset Sunday. At this
hour the Japanese bivouacked, and re
.nevved the assault at midnight, when
they succeeded in defeating the Rus
sians.
"A section of the Eleventh Horse
Battery, which participated in the
fighting, astonished everybody by its
gallantry in pushing on so far as the
Shanhai Pass and holding its own
against eight of the enemy's guns un
til its ammunition was exhausted.
"Our losses have not been ascertained
definitely, but they are reported not to
exceed fifty men and twenty horses.
"A battalion and a squadron of the
Japanese vanguard on June 26, operat
ing north of the Siuyen-Kaichou road
occupied Ch€*luangtien, four miles
northeast of Siakhouhung.
"A concentration toward evening of
twenty-six Japanese battalions was ob
served near the village of Wangtsla
putse, on the Siuyen-Haichong "road.
BROWN 31 EN CAPTURE TASS.
"From the morning of June 27 the
Japanese developed a frontal attack
against our troops in Ta Pass, simul
taneously turning our right with at
least a division of infantry and three
field batteries. The fight lasted until
7:30 o'clock in the evening. In view of
the enemy's great strength and the
turning movement, our troops retired
slowly from the pass. The enemy did
not advance. Our losses are undeter
mined, but are estimated at about 200.
"On June 26 the* enemy continued to
advance from Fenshui and Motien
passes, frontally and flanking. At least
eight battalions and ten guns were con
centrated against Motien Pass.
"At 4 o'clock on the morning of June
2G a detachment of the enemy (near
ly an infantry brigade, with two bat
teries) occupied Santiao, firing on our
outposts occupying Black Mountain.
Our three companies firmly held their
ground until reinforced. At 6 o'clock
in the morning a battery of Cossacks
and a mountain battery took up a
position and opened fire on the front
and flank of a Japanese battery and
dense columns of infantry, which had
appeared against our left. At 1 p. m.
the Japanese began to retire, pressed
by our troops, who had assumed the
offensive, and pursued the enemy as
far as Santiao. Our losses were six
soldiers killed and two officers and
thirty-three, men wounded.
"The battle recommenced at 6 o'clock
in the morning. A Cossack battery ana
a mounted battery repeatedly pursued
the enemy's infantry and silenced the
Japanese batteries. A section of our
infantry repulsed the Japanese on out
right. The fightHig ceased at 5 o'clock.
"There was some skirmishing on June
25 between the enemy and our outposts
five miles west of Samiarlkau.
COSSACKS PURSUE JAPANESE.
"A reconnaissance carried out on the
road from Slakhotung to Erltatan and
Khanza revealed the presence of sis
companies of the enemy's infantry and
two squadrons of cavalry at May
aratsa, three miles southeast of Sia
khotung. In this reconnaissance Cap
tain Vasslieff, Lieutenant Makaroff
and flvo Cossacks were wounded. Mak
aroff succumbed. =." • V
ST. PETERSBURG. June 30.— The
following dispatch from General Kuro
patkin to the Emperor, dated June 29,
was received to-day:
"Toward 8 o'clock on the mornin? of
June 27 our troops, having dislodged
the enemy's advance guard, composed
of cavalry and infantry, occupied the
station of Senuchen; but at 9 o'clock
it was discovered that a brigade of
the enemy's infantry was advancing
In front, while other columns were
turning our detachment's left flank.
The town of Senuchen, which is sur
rounded by walls, also was occupied
by the Japanese. Consequently at 11
o'clock our troops slowly withdrew.
A.s regards losses, we only know. that
an officer and ten men were wounded.
the passage of Motien Pass Is advanc
ing on Liaoyang" by, the: eastern road.
A Russian force commanded by Gen
eral Count Keller; is holding a forti
fied position commanding the road on
this side of the pass. The object of
the Japanese is to cut the Russian
communications northward of Liao
yang while General Kuropatkin is
operating in the^vicinity of Haicheng
with practically^ the whole of the
Russian forces. > l
CHEFU. June SO.— European and
Chinese refugees from Port Arthur tel!
widely different stories of the result of
the naval engagement of Thursday,
June 23. The Europeans say that the
battleship Sevastopol and the trans
port Amur only were damaged and that
The Lieutenant Burukoff is one of
the torpedo-boat destroyers tate?n from
the Chinese at Taku in 1^00. The gen
eral belief here is that she* ran Admiral
Togo's blockade and tame here with
dispatches for the army and for St.
Petersburg. This would be quite nat
ural, as two Cossack officers are on
board.
The Russians last night celebrated
the arrival of the Lieutenant Burukoff.
Bands of music from the camp east of
the town were sent to the Administra
tor's house, where there was singing
and a champagne dinner.
•• CONFLICTING STORIES TOLD.
The destroyer was crowded with
men. She had the appearance of hav
ing been in a general engagement, her
bow gun having been shot away, and it
looked as if she had rescued many
men.
ST. PETERSBURG,* June 30.— A Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer has ar
rived at Newchvomg from Port Arthur.
Her commander denies that any Rus
sian ships wer" sunk or damaged in
die fight off P »rt Arthur on June 23.
He declares tfcat after clearing away
The Ja,«anes«» rines the whole Russian
litet rc-tariitd rifely to the harbor. He
says two Japanese torpedo boats were
crippled.
An official dispatch received from
Lieutenant General Stoessel. the com
ir.ander of tht- Russian military forces
at Port Arthur, says that the squadron
"f Rear Adr.irai Withoeft re-entered
that port aftr repulsing five torpedo
boat attacks. It. contains no further
details. It d'>es not mention any dam
age to the Russian ships, and the
belief of thp authorities that Admiral
Togo's report was very much exagger
ated is coniirmed. S&SHt
While offering no specific ground for
this opinion, the Admiralty believes
that a fight occurred on Saturday.
General Stoessel'B dispatch is ad
dressed to Lieutenant General Zilinsky,
General KuropaUtin's chief of staff,
and is dated June 24.
VLXSEL CARRIES DISPATCHES.
NEWCHWAKO, June SO.— The Rus-
Eian torpedo-boat destroyer Lieutenant
Burukoff arrived here from Port Ar
thur yesterday evening and is berthed
alongside the gunboat Si vouch. The
officers of the Lieutenant Burukoff tell
several stories. One is that Admiral
Togo's report of the fighting was ex
aggerated and that the Russians have
made two cruises in the Gulf of Pechili
in five days. Another is that the Port
Arthur fleet has joined the Vladivostok
squadron. "^ .'•
no ships were sunk. The Chinese say
it was reported at Port Arthur that
one large warship was sunk, . while
three were damaged.
The European refugees declare that
the impression prevails at Port Arthur
that the Japanese will succeed in their
land operations. The Japanese are
erecting a large fort, which commands
the harbor of Port Arthur, but which is
out of range of the Russian guns on
the Golden Hill forts.
British Correspondent Asserts That in Battle Resulting
in Capture of Wolf Mountain by Japanese an Entire
'0 Russian Regiment Was Almost Annihilated.
Russian Torpedo-Boat Destroyer Runs the Blockade and
Carries to Xewchwang Official Dispatches From Gen
\. eral Stoessel, Commander at Port Arthur.
Japanese Repeatedly. Outflank the Bussians and in a Final Charge Put Them to
Flight, the Defeated Force Leaving Many Dead Upon the Field and Retreating
< in Disorder Toward the Position Held by Kuro'patkin/s Main Army.
DESPERATE FIGHTING PRECEDES CAPTURE OF FENSHUI PASS
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,: JULY 1. 1904
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£/ — -p— " m m
The more a man knows about Clothing
the better we like it. No oratory, neces-
sary here to sell goods. .....
Fabric===Quality=« Workmanship
Trimmings at the Right Price
are our magnets.
OUTING SUITS
Nobby, natty Outing Suits in swell Home-
spun effects — made single and double
breasted and Norfolk styles — skeleton lined,
finely tailored— ready to wear off —
$7:50 to $25.00
KHAKI SUITS
Made of best quality" Khaki cloth; tailor
made, tourist blouse with long pants — now
« ; . . ' $4.50
We also carry Knee Pants and Riding.
Breeches in Khaki; White Duck and Linen
Crash Trousers. \
In every conceivable style, for Golf and
Outing wear —
Negligee Shirts . . from 5Oc up
Leather Belts . . . from 5Oc up
Newest in Neckwear . from 5Oc up
SUITCASES
[ust received, the quality sold elsewhere at
$8.oo; this week special,
$5.00 and $5.50
SWEATERS— J ERSEY5
BATHING SUITS
In the newest combinations.
Of all kinds and the kind that no other
dealer can shew — the
World Renowned
INNOVATION TRUNKS
For men and women.
ROOS BROS.
KEARN Y AT POST
-- ¦.•¦¦¦¦¦..: APVEBTISEMENTS.
|I|L Suits and Top Coats $8- 50
4^llr R.eady-to-Wear Garments— JusL the
Thing for Your Outing on the Fourth
%^^- ¦*• Going to the country on the Fourth? You may not care to
wear an ex P ens ' ve su ft an d subject it to dust and dirt.
Why not buy one of our $8.50 suits? They are light in
weight and color, and are also light in price.
They are the same quality of garments you see in other
Ii^^^^^^fO^M stores marked SI 2. JO. We refer to this because the suits are
iffiHHKwRp much better than the price WOuld indicate - While ei § ht - fi[t y is
\ Now is a good time to buy a top coat, as we also have them
• \ on sale at $8- 50 * They are made of covert cloth. in several shades
|^^^^^^^ \ of tan. They look like higher-priced garments, because they are
:^^^^^^^^^ ' As the store will be closed Monday, you had better make your
jlSilf fiilS * M az 'l orders filled as soon as received. Write at once and you wilt get
¦' . ' 7j40 lVi8.rRct fetrcctvST.; PAUL, June 30.—The\Republi
can; State .Convention v held* -a ,- : short
session ,,and. adjourned .until 9
o'clock to-mofrow morning." The
leaders had been In conference; since
last :evening trying to'^devlse- a- plan
whereby' the! numerous "contests might
be settled with as little friction as pos-
Factions Avoid a Conflict.
Full particulars,- what to .'. wear and
how to.go, at 641 Market street, Santa
Fe Office, v . •
•• Leaves fean Francisco Saturday morn
ingr.'July 2, over the~ Santa Fe to Yosem
ite and back for $28 50. through \ two
grovfisof.the.largest trees in the world
en route. Special* care for i women i arid
children. - Spend the . Fourth * of ¦ July" in
the grandest .spot on earth.- ;~ .
Personally Conducted Excursion to
¦ Yosemite. • ¦
NEW YORK, June. 30.— In compliance
with her husband's. wjsh, as expressed
in his will, the widow of Gustav Rix, a
well-known builder and botanist -who
died in 1902,' has distributed In the
Bronx Park Botanical Gardens half of
the ashes of her late husband. The re
mainder will be . sent to Germany . and
scattered there according to instruc
tions in the will. :
WIDOW SCATTERS ASHES
OF HUSBAND IN PARK
SALT; LAKE. June ' 30.— The Nevada
delegation to* the National Democratic
Convention is planning to present the
name of - Senator Francis G. Newlands
of Nevada, as -a. candidate, for the Vice
Presidential nomination, according to a
statement by P. C- Weber, chairman'
of the delegation/ : '
. Senator Newlands ts the author of the
natlpnaL' Irrigations law, which, has
proved more pop'ula'r, in "the! West , than
any. legislation ; of recent ' years. He ' Is
a' man of .great wealth and high- stand
ing in the Western States. . It is ursred
that he would get .the; solid .support of
the Far, West, which has heretofore not
been recognized in '' making., ud the
national tickets.' : ",, ;
Nevada's Delegation 'AVill Urge Him
' for the Vice Presidency. >
XEWLAXDS TO BE "BOOMED."
ST. LOUIS, June ', 30.— One of. the
brightest Democratic leaders- in the
Middle West said to-day that he was
nor in favor of "reafilrmation, repudia
tion or reorganization." This was taken
to mean that he wanted the platform to
remain silent, not only on the Chicago
and 'Kansas City platforms, but on the
financial question as some'thing not
cutting a figure in American politics.
;'The radicals and . conservatives are
coming to. the convention in a most un
compromising' temper.* Bryan is com
ing, determined to compehthe conven
tion to compromise -with him : on plat
form and candidates or , to; run. over
him. Conservatives are coming with
their ,' minds '•fully made , up to ignore
Bryan and adopt a platform which will
contain nothing of 1896 or; 1900 and
nominate a candidate who "will stand
on. that platform. •
.. It is still \ impossible to ¦ discover any
strong drift in favor, of an "i emphatic
declaration for the gold standard. Sig
nificant; of -the : difficulty .which lies
ahead " of the ' Democrats who I want a
courageous declaration on the Tmoney
question, which .will make the cleavage
between Bryanjsrir and "conservatism,
is * the . action ' of the;Missouri?Demo
cratic State , Con ven t Ion yesterday. " This
convention : . reaffirmed ' the ' Kansas 'City
platform, although -an' effort was made
cratic Convention City.
No Check in the" Parker Tide at Demo-
BRYAN LIKELY TO BOLT.
OMAHA, June 30.— Elsy McHenry
Train, son of George Francis 'Train,
came to Omaha to-day and arranged to
commence a suit for property, claimed
to be worth $20,000,000. The proposed
action is to set aside a mortgage-fore
closure bv which Kountze 'Bros., New
York and Omaha bankers, and Samuel
E. . Rogers, a ' pioneer Omaha mer
chant, secured title to five hundred
acres -. of land adjoining the best
part. of. Omaha. The land was' bought
by Train in 1865. The heirs claim that
the foreclosure proceedings .were, put
through after "Citizen" Train was de
clared a lunatic, and that no provision
was made for the protection of his
property rights.
TITLE TO $20,000,000 WORTH
OtfLAND CLAI3IED BY TRAIN
PITTSBURG, June 30. — "William
J. Bryan will not bolt his party ticket
if Judge Parker is nominated for'
President. Of this I am confident,"
declared ex-Senator J. K. Jones, na
tional Democratic chairman, in this
Jones Vouches for Bryan.
MONTPELIER, Vt., June 30. —
Charles J. Bell of Walden was nomi
nated for Governor by the Republican
State Convention to-day. The ticket
was completed as follows: Lieutenant
Governor, Charles Stearns; Secretary
of State, F. G. Fleetwood; Treasurer,
Vermont's Republican Ticket.
SALT LAKE, June 30.— Perry S.
Heath Has been deposed as political
manager for Senator Thoma^ Kearns
and as manager of Kearns' two news
papers, the Tribune and the ~-*- — ri m .
Joseph Llpman, United States District
Attorney and director of Kearns' Sena
torial canipaign, will become* manager
of the Tribune to-morrow and — "* — •-
trol the policy of the Telegram.
Heath took the management of the
Tribune in October, 1902, and started
the Telegram about four months later.
His management and his interests have
all been turned over to Ken — and
Lipman.
Heath has gone to Nova .Scot'- He
said before leaving that the time of his
return was uncertain.
Utah Senator Deposes. Editor and
Xames Xew Political .Manager.
KEARXS AND HEATH PART.
city to-night, while en route to the St.
Louis convention. "As to what Mr.
Bryan might do if Mr. Cleveland is
nominated I could not say, but I re
gard the nomination 'of Cleveland as
little short of an impossible contin
gency."
John Lt. Bacon; Auditor, II. F. Gra
ham.
Fourth of July at Alametla.
A grand celebration of the Fourth will be
held at Neptune Gardens. Alameda, Literary
exercises, races and sames. firework* and a
ball in the evening. Roundtrip tickets from
San Francisco, including admission to grounds.
45 cents .for adults, UO cents for children.
Tickets on Bale at ferry depot on morning of
the Fourth. Ask Southern Pacific agenta. •
ESTATE DISTRIBUTED.— Judge Graham
yesterday Issued a decree for the distribution
of the estate of Eliza Gwyther. deceased. Be
besides a fow minor bepupsts the resi'lup.
amounting tn $12.2ti? R3. goes to her son an>l
only heir, Harold Gwyther.
The platform, which is very short,
indorses the platform adopted by the
national convention a.t Chicago, in
dorses Roosevelt and Fairbanks and
expresses confidence in "a memorable
victory for the State ticket and "our
fearless leader and typical Republican,
Theodore Roosevelt.",
The amendment to jthe resolutions
prepared by Congressman "William
Alden Smith and Senator Simons,
pledging the party to the nomination
of Governor by direct vote, was de
feated by a vote of 774 to 304.
DETROIT-, Mich., June 30.— The Re
publican State Convention to-day nom
inated the following ticket: ] ,
Governor — Fre<i M., Warner. Of Farmington.
- Lieutenant Governor — Alexander Maltland.
State Treasurer — Frank 1'. Gla2ier.
Secretary of States — George A. Prescott.
Auditor General — Dr. J. B. Bradley.
Attorney General— Charles A. Blair.
Superintendent of Public Instruction— P. H.
Kelly.
Member of the State Board of Education —
L.. L. Wrlrht.
Land' Com-miasioner — W. 11. Rose.
Warner of Farmirigton Heads the Re
publican Ticket. - -
MICHIGAN' 'NOMINEES;
Whereyer the streets were thickly
crowded generous responses were re
ceived on all sides. A large crowd, mar
shalod by iTom Patterson, Colorado's
Junior Senator, accompanied the dele
gates to the station and gave them
cheers on their departure.
Upon pulling out of Denver, the Cali
fornians had the good fortune, for
them, to run into a genuine Eastern
lightning and thunder storm. It was
the first time that many of the young
persons on board had witnessed this
spectacle and it would be difficult to
say> whether they were more frightened
or pleased at the experience.
Not as many delegates are beins: add
ed to the train as was expected on leav
ing San Francisco;* Only one or two
have come aboard and disappointing
excuses for the rest were the order of
the hour. This has no,t served to damp
en the delegates in their fight for Cali
fornia's, candidate, however, and thft
nearer their destination they get the
louder they seem to shout."
' A great deal of fun and speech-mak
ing was indulged in in -the composite
car last evening. ."Joe" Simons busied
himself -.all afternoon in preparing a
programme and at 8:30 o'clock every
one crowded Into the car and the .fun
commenced. "Jim" Keys was master
of ceremonies and introduced the ora
tbrs'of the occasion. Several speeches
of considerable merit "were heard, one
from Carl Hayden oh his pet scheme
of separate statehood for Arir.ona and
New Mexico and another from Colonel
Iaukea on the right of'natlve Hawaii
ans to participate more liberally in the
government of the islands and thus
demonstrate their capacity of self
government and independent state
hood. - The colonel,* who is a man o£
exceptional ability, ha*s drafted a plank
alongt these lines, which he will make
"an effort to have incorporated in the
Democratic national platform.
Boom, boom boom!
First, first, first! >
California, California, California!
Henrst, Hearst, Hearst!
tion decided to depart from the sched
ule agreed upon and to interrupt the
continuity of the travel by a few
hours' recreation and sightseeing in
Colorado's capital. The most enthusi
astic reception so far received was
there accorded the delegation. A com
mittee of the Denver Democratic Club
met the delegation at the Union Depot
when the train pulled in at. the noon
hour. Luncheon was served at ' the
Democratic. Cluby, and at the. Brown
Palace Hotel. A special -sightseeing
car was then provided for the Califor
nians and-^their delegate guests * and
about two Hours were enjoyaSly spent
in viewing the points of interest in
Denver and. the surrounding territory.
The Californians took advantage of the
occasion to work up as much Hearst
enthusiasm as possible by giving their
convention yell:
sible, and it was finally determined
to . allow Chairman. Clapp to appoint
a ; credentials? committee of fifteen,
seven members to represent the Dunn
interests, seven the Collins adherents
and one the Eddy candidacy and to
adjourn the convention until this com
mittee shall have acted.
TWO LEADERS IN TEMPERANCE WORK WHO IIAVK BEEN CHOSEN BY THE
INDIANAPOLIS CONVENTION FOR FIRST AND SECOND PLACES ON THE
NATIONAL TICKET OF THE PROHIBITION PARTY.
tion programme closed to-night with
a mass meeting at which addresses
were made by National Chairman
Stewart, John (\. Woolley and others.
Several hundred delegates left to-night
for St. Louis to visit the exposition.
PROHIBITION' PLATFORM.
Following is the full text of the plat
form adopted to-day:
The Prohibition party in National Conven
tion assembled, recognizing that the chief end
of all government | s the establishment of those
principles of righteousness and . justice that
have been revealed to man as the will of the
ever-living God, and doelrlngr his blessinB upon
cur national life, and believing in the perpetua
tion of high ideals of government of the peo
ple, by the people and for the people, estab
lished by our fathers, makes the following dec
laration of principles and purposes:
1. The widely prevailing system of the
licensed and legalized sale of alcoholic bev
erages is so ruinous to individual interests, so
ir.imioal to public welfare, so destructive to
national xveal and so subversive to the rights of
great masses of our citlzenphlp that the dft
•tructlon of the traffic is and for years has
been the most important question in American
politics.
?. We denounce the lack of statesmanship
exhibited by the leaders of the Democratic
and Republican parties in their refusal to rec
ognize the paramount importance of this ques
tion and the cowardice with which the loiJU
ers of those parties have courted the favor of
those whose selfish interests are advanced by
the continuation and augmentation of the traf
fic, until to-day the influence of the liquor
traffic practically dominates national. State and
local government throughout the nation.
3. We declare the truth, demonstrated by
the experience of half a century, th|it all meth
ods of dealing with the liquor traffic which rec
ognize its right to exist In any form, under
any system of license or tax or regulation, have
proved powerless to remove ite evils 'and use
less as checks upon its growth, while, the in
significant public revenues which have accrued
therefrom have scared the public conscience
against a recognition of its iniquity.
4. We call public attention to the fact,
proved by the experience of more than fifty
years, that to secure the enactment and en
forcement of prohibitory legislation, in which
alone lies hope of the protection of the people
from the liquor traffic, it is necessary that the
legislative, executive and judicial branches of
the CovernTrerit should «be in the hands of a
political party in harmony with the prohibition
principle and pledged to Its embodiment in
law and to the execution of those laws.
5. We pledge the Prohibition party, wher
ever given power by the suffrage of the. people,
to the enactment and enforcement of laws pro
hibiting and abolishing the manufacture, im
portation, transportation and sale if alcoholic
beverages.
C. We declare that there Is not only no
other issue of equal Importance before the
American people to-day, but that the so-called
Is-sucs upon which the Democratic and Re
publican parties seek to divide the electorate
of the country are in large part subterfuges,
under the cover of which they range for the
spoils of office.
7. Recognizing that the intelligent voters of
the country may properly ask our attitude upon
other questions of public concern, we declare
ourselves in favor of:
The impartial enforcement of all laws.
The safeguarding of the people's rights by a
rigid application of the principles of justice to
all combinations and organizations of capital
and labor. •
A more Intimate relation between the peoiile
and Government by a wise adaptation of Ac
principle of initiative and referendnm. .
The safeguarding to every citizen In every
place under the Government of the people of
the United State* of. all the rights guaranteed
by the laws and constitution.
International arbitration, and declare that
our nation should contribute in every manner,
consistent with national dignity, to the perma
nent establishment of peace between all na
tion*. '-¦¦ • t .
! The reform of our divorce laws, extirpation
of noU'f»rny and the total overthrow of the
present ebameful system of illegal sanction of
the social evil with its unspeakable traffic in
girls, by the municipal authorities of almost all
our cities. • • N
We declare ourselves in favor of the recogni
tJon of the fact that the right df suffrage
should depend upon the mental and moral
qualifications of the citizen)?.
We declare ourselves in favor of such changes
in our laws as will place tariff schedules in
, the hands of a non-partisan commission.
. We declare ourselves in favor of the appli
cation of uniform laws for all our country and
dei>endencies.
We declare ourselves In favor of the ex
tension and honest administration of the civil
service laws.
We declare ourselves in favor of the election
of United States Senators by vote of th*
people. -.._•.
SWALLOW MAY NOT Rl%
HARRISBURG, Pa., June 30.— Dr.
Silas Swallow may decline the" nomina
tion after all. This evening.' in re
sponse- to & telegram, he sentfthe fol
lowing to Chairman Stewart: '
If honor, referred to- in your dispatch implies
duties requiring my absence from home, while
I highly appreciate' any honor or duty the
grandest party ' of the age - can jrlve me, yes,
unlers Mrs. Swallow's health greatly Improves,
I would be compelled to decline.
. . .- . ..,..,,- „.¦ -8. C. SWALLOW.
SI LAS c. SWALLOW of Pennsylvania.
For Vice President,
GEORGE Wv CARROLL of Texas.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., June 30.— The
Prohibition party in national conven
tion to-day nominated Silas C. Swal
¦ low of Pennsylvania for President and
George W. Carroll of Texas for Vice
Piesident. The platform was adopted
without argument after a long dead
lock in the resolutions committee. It
v.a? described by A. H. Amos of Ore-
K'«n. Ffcretary of the committee, as the
liroa<3c-j?t platform ever placed before
the neopie by that party.
In addition to the planks on the
liquor question it declares the party
in be in favor of international arbitra
tion, a suffrage law based on mental
and moral qualifications, unifornj-laws
{tar the country and dependencies, pop
ular election of Senators, civil service
extension and the initiative and refer
endum. The trust question was recc-g
rized by a demand for a rigid applica
tion of the principles of justice to all
orsanizations of rapital and labors A
loform of divorce laws was demanded
and polygamy was denounced.
MILES DECLINES ' HONOR.
General Mi»«-s put an end to- the
movement to nominate him for Presi
dent by sending a telegram to John
<J. Woolley. which reached him shortly
after noon, asking that his name be
ii"t pr»*so!Hfd. This was consider*^!
f.nal and the movement to nominate
Swallow was unanimous, no other name
bring considered. Miles' telegram was
os follows:
Appreciating the Kood will of 'yourself and
trif-n^r. I must earnestly request that my name
t*> not used In the oor.wmicn and that my let
ter >I June 20 be considered as final.
NELSON. A. MILES.
More than $16,000 was raised by
*ul^cription pledges from the floor of
the convention, which with $11,000 in
the treasury will be the nucleus of the
campaign fund. National Chairman
Stewart and National Secretary Tate
were re-elected.
The Prohibition editors organized
for the campaign by electing Clark of
Indianapolis president. The conven-
For President.
PUEBLO, Colo.,- June 30.— Interest is
still lively and events stirring on, the
California delegation^^special. 'When
Denver was reached to-day the delega-
WASHINGTON, June 30.— William
R. Hearst, fresh from an hour's inter
view with -John R. McLean of Ohio,
said to-day that he and his friend j
would cheerfully abide by the decision
of the St. Louis convention and enthu T
siastically support the Democratic nom
inees for President and Vice President,
whoever they might be.
"The Democrats must get together,"
said Hearst, "nominate a ticket and
adopt a platform that will convince
every one that the party has a great
mission to perform,, and then they must
enter the campaign aggressively and
confidently and make a spirited fight
from now until election. We must su
bordinate all personal ambitions to the
supreme purpose of winning a truly
Democratic victory— a victory that will
surely redound to the benefit of the
people."
"If Mr. Cleveland should be nom
inated would you support him?" Hearst
was asked. :
Hearst paused for a moment, frowned
faintly and then smiled.
"Well," he said. "I have supported
Cleveland three times for the Presi
dency, and I am inclined to think that
is enough. I shall, however, abide by
the decision of the convention, whoever
the nominee may be. But why discuss
Cleveland as a serious possibility? He
is merely brought forward by shrewd
politicians in the hope of forcing the
radicals into a compromise on some re
organizer less objectionable."
WILL. SUPPORT THIS TICKET.
Hearst Decides to Abide by the St.
Louis Convention's Decision.
Some Western delegates arrived to
day. Senator Fred Dubols of Idaho,
when asked what he thought of the
Presidential outlook, said he saw noth
ing but Parker. .
"Who will they nominate after they
have beaten Parker?" he said. "Would
it be Cleveland? Why, more, than a
third of the convention would stay here
until .the election before allowing the
nomination of Cleveland. An attempt
to nominate Cleveland will throw the
convention into the hands of Bryan.
The convention will fiomlnate Parker
because it has no other man to nomi
nate."
Senator Dubois declares that he will
get an anti-polygamy plank into the
national platform.
Former Senator George Turner of
Washington, came to St. Louis to-day
with a small but earnest Vice Presiden
tial boom. The States of Idaho and
Y»~-hington are instructed to vote for
Turner for that position and the few
delegates from that region are making
a little stir about a Pacific Coast man
for second place.
But nobody wants Cleveland. The
difficulty about the Parker opposition
making headway is that, aside from
Bryan.and Hearst, it is not aggressive.
Not much atetntion is paid to the hos
tility of Tammany Hall/and there is a
feeling here that Murphy's support of
Cleveland is prompted only by a desire
to defeat Parker, in the hope that then
Mayor McClellan will be the choice.
There are really no signs yet of any
check in the Parker tide, which is still
rising. Every Democrat of prominence
who has been interviewed here^ ex
pressed the opinion that Parker would
be the choice of the convention. This
is based entirely on the belief that
Parker will have at least a majority of
the convention at the start, and that
any man who gets that is certain of
the nomination.
There is a very general feeling here
that Cleveland is the only man who can
bear Parker before the convention, and
many delegates do not share the an
tipathy of the Missouri Democrats to
ward the former President. Indeed, one
hears the frequent claim that there
would be doubt about Cleveland's elec
tion should he be the nominee.
That the platform will not meet Bry
an's views ia indicated by the general
intention of the leaders to make no
mention of the former Bryan platforms
in the resolutions.
to prevent any mention of that insur
rectionary document.
The belief is- growing here that,
whatever the convention may do,
whether a compromise is offered or not,
Bryan will refuse to support the ticket
and will do so because the platform
does not meet his views. "V;
BY ALi
Nominee for Presi
dent May Not y
Accept.
McCABE.
/ - .- i - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
Hearst Shouters Whoop It Up for Their Candidate
on Streets of Colorado's Capital.
CALIFORNIA DELEGATES
;: EfeERTA r INED IN DENVER
Adopt a Platform
With Numerous
Planks.
PROHIBITIONISTS FORSAKE "ONE-ISSUE" IDEA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY l f 1004.
4
AJVXBTISEJIEirrS.
The Marvelous
Physician.
His unexceptional success in curing
chronic diseases of long standing which
were previously considered incurable is
the sole cause of his overwhelming re-
ception in San Francisco.
TMs is not a supernatural gift or rev-
elation, as is so often proclaimed by
fal*e pretenders, but the result of Dr.
ABBOS undivided attention and many
years' devotion to the study of diseases
to which the family practitioner pays
but little attention, and only thinks that
your trouble is imaginary on your part.
Dr. ABBO has attended more than one
thousand patients within the last month
and hears nothing but praise from all
who hnve accepted his treatment.
He uses his own system of medicine,
but by no means makes an apothecary
shop of your stomach.
He is thoroughly equipped with every
form of modern devices for making ex-
aminations. Microscopically, chemically.
X-Ray nnd by his own individual krowl-
?flge of the Anatomical and Physiologi-
cal conditions of the human body. He
xnpki-s a perfect diagnosis of both cause
iind condition and results of your dis-
ease, which, therefore, enables him to
tre«t you Fitisfactorily and perfect cure.
While Dr. ABBO cures a large per-
<f*r ; t;e<» of so-called incurable diseases,
he d<xs not claim to cure regardless of
th«* condition of the person whom he is
treating, and reserves the right to pro-
nounce as curable, or tell them that they
cen only be relieved.
F REE OFFER LIMITED.
, All who call at the Institute before
JVjly 3 will receive a thorough examina-
tion absolutely free of charge and one
month's treatment for the actual cost of
medicines and appliances.
FREE FOR ONE MONTH.
Remember that this offer is good for
one month only, ard only to those who
apply before July 3.
DR. ABBO NOT A STRANGER.
Hear what Mr. Calvin F. Vaughn of
Bell Station has to say:
"There is perhaps? no city in the world
more infested with 'quacks.' traveling
doctors and all-around fakes than San
Vra:ieiseo. and the uninformed person is
not able ensily to distinguish the genu-
ine from the false."
Dr. Abbo publishes the following in
order to correct *ny false notions in the
minds of any concerning himself:
STATEMENT CF MR. VAUGHN.
Mr. Vaughn, who was formerly post-
master at Bell Station, says:
"i have known Dr. Abbo favorably for
a number of years. More than two years
ago he treated successfully my wife for
a serious malady, which had bafHed the
ekill of a number of doctors, and I nat-
urally, hold his medical ability In high
esteem.
"He also cured my neighbor. Mr. J G
Bell, of blindness. Mr. Bell had been al-
most totally "blind for a number of years
and his case given up as helpless Dr
Abbo restored his sight and only ' the
other day Mr. Bell told me his sight had
remained good, and he could see nearly
as well as he over could. I say this in
justice to Dr. Abbo. who is a permanent
resident and in no sense to be classed
with the^arrny of traveling fakes.
•'CALVIN F. VAUGHN,
"Bell Station. Cal."
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. .
ABBO CURES— Cancers. Epitheliomas,
Lepers, Tuberculosis, Ulcers and "Skin
Diseases and Tumors of all .kinds. Fi-
broids, Cysts, ex-Opthalmic Goiter, etc.
Piles. Strictures, Rectal, Prostatic and
Bladder troubles. Pott's Disease, lUu
Joint Diseases, White Swelling, etc., Ca-
tarrhal Diseases of. Nose, Throat. Lungs
and Stomach.
All consultations," X-Ray examinations,
microscopical and chemical. examinations
of the blood, sputa and urine, with ex-
pert diagnosis, given free of charge.
CORBESPOHDE2TCE.
If you can not call write your troubles.
K*^ - --'Nation free and confidential.
JBO MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
242 Post Street.
EXPEKT SPECIALISTS
cure of catarrh, cancer, consump-
tion, asthma, rheumatism, paralysis,, lo-
comotor-ataxia * and - all . deep-seated and
obstinate chronic ' diseases: - Hours 9 a.
BEQAL ftHOES.
15 Styles of Russet Oxfords
The "cream" of all the Russet leather
j& available for this season's
J|||k use is right in the Regal
It stores. "We bought
H- before other manufacturers
iRfr'- Ifiillir woke up to the fact that
i^^^&\ Russets would be in tremen-
dous demand this summer.
i i (^l|%ik Now only m Re S^ stores
f^^P^ilk can y 0VL . a com P^ ete stock'
M^*^^ %|Sl of fashionable Russet shoes
( life?,, °^ styles and sizes.
But it's your advantage.
is different : "^ You can get a Regal Russet
T l a y n l\ n°i M Oxford for $3.50 that is with-
Russets. 50 '•¦#3ffl . 1 t_ a.
other oxford • jjj ou * an ec l ua * anywhere out-
Kin^cai? side of the high-priced custom
Calfskin er.J >£!«SS*^ , or
King Patent. ShODS.
-Send for Style Book. Mail Orders promptly filled*
Our new San Francisco Women's Store is showing a complete line
of summer Oxfords for Women in Russets and other leathers. They
embody all the latest custom designs, direct from New York and Paris.
' 'There are 77 Regal stores. 26 of them In Greater New York, where the
styles originate. The new styles are on sale In our San Francisco store at
the same time as in ! the New York stores."
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE Cor, Geary & Stockton Sts.
eS \ If4 wt** ou kin h ** e ycr mart><e build"*** and ??' mmoo* tet apart.
g/*y; ?l fllW "^B Y»r Palicci of Indjitry and Cjllencs of .\r»,
f( ijX. ff \\ '¦§"'¦'' But fmlookm" fcr rnv moner"» *onb,«o wi-n I ait lite t»i»e
v\Jfy H f Mi \ I'm » join" to St. Louis je*« to tea tin darned old Pike
K^W ¦ ffltSSf V ' ~~ ** A B»ll»d oft&e Pike," by Wallace Irwin. Copyngbtrt
H\/f* JrvK m * r 9 aau:t ' t vv " klY P^'"^ &r perauttoa
I ifj %S * ifM if " "
j! | To St. Louis and Return
|| * M*f II.ti.H, June i, i.n.i6, n. ij. |ulv I.I.7.S, ii» '4.
" j W Au(tul 8.9, lo,iS, to, Xplrmbec s,N?,)i, October 1. 4.S.0
MRiiJt £ Retum limit, ninety day*
Y < *^e$? H $&^j&€ Take the Rock Island System and you po
H^? ' V^/^f thro* without change. Scenic or Southern
I Jijj- «-*"H' Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
I Si| I sleeping cars; dtning cars. Trains stop at
I i| || Mam Emrance World's Fair.
V -'*"»' \ u " '"formation on rtqurtt \u*''^^^^
Hk Jv^-J" "^^k^ A Ri-i"Mt»ro«n, D P A , j^<T \"Tr%V^f**i^i
\'» '''^O «yMwk« Street, *^*Ml^
I Largest* Fireworks Store in the City. I
© But a few days remain to buy your fireworks. Why not buy them at the store that 5
H has the greatest variety. of novelties? A purchase at Pragers insures this and the most $»
S satisfaction in every particular. . f
Assorted Boxes of Fireworks. T^-^T
ff H 4 $1.00, $2.00, $3.50 iJllir
R$i7 f/K a Ready for shipment by freight* or Express. g6^3j2g5^|&
frS I I EVENING DISPLAY. i&'^iyL
H <^1 $5 ' 00 ' $7 ' 50 ' $12.00, $17.50, $25.00 i§|ip5^
|gi';J P^^J.H Magnificent Evening Display put* up in boxes. w^^^*l«#^\ r^
Hlil^bu n P k es- for 2.1c— Fine pistol 20e, :»?>c, ,1<)c, 05c— Best fk-^- j8/^/
Wxii$J&Qs^/ K * crackers. " / grade Chinese redheads. P-rt^-~j7/w^
j3r^2sjf 2 pkgs. for oc— Chinese crack- for lOc — Lonp: volcanoes.
' WiLff^P^i^:* ** tor ** >c — Extra loud crackers. mines. SjL \j f -. >,
S* J Jr^' :>1 '^'"'il * ie a P k &-~- No. I double extra. Sc dozen to $1.10 dozen — Ro- ff^V/1/ [ ,. r
fftifi'fo'^^vi'/'R 225c each— Buster repeating cap man candles. g tJl\ >x 1^"*
, ffiipi$»}iji!$iu%' ¦ pistol. Oc — Quarter-can red or green • ' li^^s\
fiji&''$-7&'& ; li'!tt'' 85c per hundred — sJ^-inch . can- " fire. W_^JI ®V^ \
' ¥B&''-'''"''''>' ::^ : «^'M non cracker . s - 2 tor * 5c — Extra grade Chinese §T^J WHILST
W^^j]j}M\' ¦§ 2 for 5c— Chinese flower pots. fancy candles. . ffL-iy
" I^lraH^'^wll Paper balloons and fancy articles for evening display. H^* u J
w : 'ffl^^"PI " OKfl Each— Large Buster Repeating Cane; 20 | I I
m^lSS$«%l £> Ou cons 6 cut * vere P orts * The cane of the season. l^^^TVx
-5c a box — Large, extra loud ammunition for this cane. a \ \ V^r^J
W^'i^SiiW^Iu *** C eac^ — Repeating canes. H \\ \^*
iS^!j8S§&B«fl ** boxes for 10c — Ammunition for same. e Jfcfe3
W^ffi Pragers Fireworks Annex FW
If i 11 45-r 11 47 Market Street I [ W
jni^A ; Near Central Theater. .<<;-J ft ¦•«.At the Fourth of . July celebration • at Neptune
Gardens. Alameda. Races, games, dancing,
grand fireworks 'display. . - Round - trip ticket.*
from San Francisco. "¦- including - admission to
grounds, 45 cents; children 30 cents. '*
Prizes for Old and ' Young
3Iiss Sutton Outclasses Field.
ORANGE, N. J.. June 30. — In .the
Middle States championship tennis
tournament to-day Miss May Sutton.
the Callfornian, won her match in the
women's singles and outclassed her
field, as she did last week. at the na
tional championship, which she won.
Miss Sutton beat Miss Stuart, 6-0, 6-1.
The regular Sunday excursion to Monterey
and Santa" Cruz, leaviny Third and Townsend
street depot at 7:15 a. m.. will also run on
Monday, July 4. leaving at the same hour. Ke
turos to: San Francisco 10:30 p. m. • :
Excursion to Monterey and Santu
Cruz. -
SANTA ROSA, June SO.— Nelson
Carr,, one of the best-known men in
Sonoma County and one of the early
pioneers of this State," died last even
ing at the ranch >wjilch had . been his
home for ;more, than forty r flve years.
Ho was a native of New York, 82 years
of age.
-The incoming and outgoing medi
cal" assistants at the City, and County
Hospital held a love feast at the hos
pital last night.. Supper was spread,
followed by felicitous speeches, in
which all took a part. These young
internes slve their services to the
county without remuneration. Y-*
Hold Love Feast.
Death of a Pioneer Citizen.
SEATTLE, June 30. — The twenty
round boxing contest between Harry
Krant of Seattle and Louie Long of
Oakland, before the Ballard Athletic
Club to-night, proved to be a fiasco.
Krant did not weigh in this afternoon
and failed to appear when Long entered
the ring. Trouble over the selection of
a referee was the cause of the non
appearairce.
Long-Krant Fight a Fiasco. *
Steamer H. J. Corcoran leaves, north
end of Ferry Building (foot 'of Clay sL)
Saturday S p. m. for Vallejo and Glen
Cove; fare 25c each way. Sunday, leaves
Vallejo 6 :5O a. m. for San Francisco.
Leaves San Francisco 9:30 a. ra. for Val
lejo, Glen Cove and Martinez, round trip
50c. Monday. July 4. regular .... weekly
schedule. See time table. *
Special Trip to Vallejo and Glen Cove.
The third annual outing of the Car
men's Union and Street Railway Em
ployes' Hospital" Association will take
place to-day at the chutes. An elabo
rate programme has been arranged.
The big feature of the day will be the
"fare collecting contest," which will
be open from 10 o'clock a. m. till 12
at night. J..M. McGiynn and Frank
Dickry 'will act as watch and time
keepers.
Another event of great Interest will
be the duck. hunt in the chutes lake.
This will begin at 8:46 p. m. Other
attractive events will be a baby show,
greased pole, tub races and tugs of
war. There will also be a splendid
programme in the chutes and dancing
in the ballroom during both afternoon
and evening.
Valuable prizes are offered for every
event.
Capital Programme of Contests Is
Promised, for Which Valuable
Prizes Will Be Awarded.
CARMEN'S UNION WILL HOLD
ANNUAL OUTING AT CHUTES
NORFLOK, Neb., June 30. — The first
murder among landseekers rushing to
Bonesteel, S. D., on the edge of the
Rosebud reservation, has occurred
"Kid" English, a young sport from
Beaumont, Texas, who escaped from a
crowd under arrest, was deliberately
shot in the back twice by Policeman
Ault Before a special train from Nor
folk, paid for by gamblers, arrived,
English died. The gamblers threatened
to lynch Ault, and he was taken to
Fairfax for safe keeping. They raised
to-day $1000 to prosecute him.
Every gambling game known with
the exception of policy Is running night
and day in Bonesteel. The best card
dealers of America, have assembled
there and the list for next week in
cludes 250 star card players.
There is trouble among the gamblers
to-night. Tony Stanton owns a street
franchise paying $100 daily. The newly
arrived gamblers are unable to get
buildings and are unable to rent rights
from Stanton and propose to oust him.
Rents are tremendous. Five-room cot-'
tages rent for $150 per month and lots
In the main street rent for next sixty
days at $300.
A space twelve feet by twenty is
worth $70 a month. Meals range from
fifteen to fifty cents and cots are fifty
cents. Unmarried women are- provided
for by the church societies. Their tenta
are inclosed by high wire.
Bp«ctAl Dispatch to Tb« Call.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, June 30.—
The French cruiser Jurlen de la Gra
viere arrived here to-day. The Inci
dent of the stoning of the French and
German Ministers is here asserted to
have been closed by renewed formal
apologies, which have been accepted
by the French and German Ministers.
The captain of the French cruiser and
his staff; paid a visit during the day
to President Nord.
President Nord, surrounded by all
the members of his Cabinet, to-day re
ceived M." de Prez, the French Min-'
ister, to whom, on behalf of the Gov
ernment, he gave public apology for
the attack on him. The President ex
pressed the hope that- the Incident
would not have a bad influence on the
relations between Hayti and France. 1
During the reception the band. of the
palage guard played the "Marseillaise."
The Jurlen de la Graviere is leaving
for Martinique. ,
I>ARGEST VESSEL AFLOAT .
STARTS OX 'TRIAL TRIP
QUEENSTOWN, June SO. — The
Baltic, the new steamship of the White
Star Line and the largest vessel afloat,
sailed from Queenstown to-day for New
Tork on her maiden trip.
President of Republic Pub
licly Begs the Pardon of
Representative of France
Death Marks Bush of Land
Seekers Into
Near Bonesteel, Nebraska
Twenty-five of the non-union men
employed at the yards of the Southern
Pacific Company at Townsend street
were discharged last night. Every one
of the men who were let out is classed
as "no good." The officials say all the
freight can be handled by the men now
In the sheds. More men are being
brought in, however, and the full crews
are being recruited from time to time.
The sleeping departments and the din
ing-rooms are maintained as they were
established when the union men first
went on strike. The headquarters of
the union shows little sign of activity,
as the majority of the men have found
employment in other callings. Several
conferences have been held between
the union men and the company offi
cials, but no definite result has been
reached. • jfiSE
There Is a rumor among the union
men that charges will be entered with
the Board of Health regarding the san
itary condition of the apartments used
by the. men now working in the sheds,
,but it is only a rumor. None of the offi
cers of the Freight "Handlers* Union
will stand sponsor for the statement,
though a number of the men say the
matter is to be taken up by the author
ities of the Health Board. The rail
way officials scout the idea and say the
men who are living in the sheds are
observing every sanitary law of * the
Announcement is made by Butchers*
Union 115 that, all butcher shops in
the city will close next Monday, July 4,
at noon! Preparations for the second
annual picnic of the union at Shell
Mound Park. Sunday, July 10, are pro
gressing. The butchers have donated
j]|0 to . the Iocked-out stablemen and
$65. was donated to the Iocked-out
butchers of Oakland.
Laborers* Protective Union, No. S344,
At the last meeting of the Sailors*
Union the secretary announced that
the agreement prepared and submitted
by the union to the Oceanic Steamship
Company had been accepted. A simi
lar indorsement was obtained for the
agreement submitted to the Ship
Owners' Association. The union do
nated $100 to the committee having
in charge the arrangements for the re
ception of the delegates to the conven
tion of the American Federation of
Labor. Reports from all over the
coast are to the effect that shipping is
dull, with prospects poor.
Labor Organizations Contribute for
Reception of American Federation
and in Aid of Strikers.
OFFICER'S SHOT
KILLS GAMBLER
SHIPPING COMPANIES ACCEPT '
SAILORS' UNION AGREEMENTS
HAYTI RENEWS
HER APOLOGY
SACRAMENTO. June 30.— The South
ern Paciflc shops force in this city has
been reduced bv nearly TOO men, leav
ing 2300 men still employed. The com
pany makes such redilfctlona from time
to time, but the men. or others in their
place, are eventually taken back. Th<*
retrenchment in the present instance
is regarded as merely temporary, as
much construction - work is waiting to
be done.
Force at Sacramento Is Reduced by
Nearly TOO Men, bat Retrench
ment Is Only Temporary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SHOPS
WORKING' S3IAIXER CREWS
elected the following officers at Its last
meeting: President. E. J. Peaver; vice
president, Anton F. Dissmayer; record
ing- secretary, John H. Weldemann;
financial secretary. .L. B. Higgins;
treasurer, Patrick Tierney; trustee,
Michael J. Fox; conductor. Michael
Gleason; sergeant at arms, John J.
Lynch; business agent. Michael
O'Leary; executive committee — James
Regan. Peter T. Kelly, P. Gilmartin.
Patrick Tierney. John McManus. E. J.
O'Riley and C. M. Erickson. The new
ly elected officers will be installed next
Tuesday night.
Contemplation of the past Is not al
ways the most agreeable moments of
thought.
A quiet Chinese wedding, without
Oriental. music or samshiu, was cele
brated yesterday afternoon In the of
fice of the Chinese Bureau. The
happy couple were Leo James Bo
fonda. a wealthy Chinese merchant
of Colorado Springs, aged 43, and Miss
Lew Wong Shee. aged 22. Rev. Dr.
John Endicott Gardiner of the bureau
and Rev. C. F. Reid of the Oakland
M. E. Church were the officiating
clergymen.
Mr. Bofonda arrived on the steamer
Coptic on June 8 with the woman, who
claimed to be his wife. The Chinese
Bureau, however, had a record that
Bofonda had been married to another
woman several years ago. Bofonda
explained that his first wife had died,
and that two years ago he had mar
ried Miss Lew in China. United States
Immigration Commissioner North de
cided that they should be married In
the American way. or else the woman
should not be landed, so that a prose
cution for bigamy might be held
should It be learned that Bofonda's
statement was not the truth.
Wealthy Merchant of Colorado Springs
Is OblJ ired to Remarry Here or
. °Lose His Wife.
CHINESE WEDDING
IN YANKEE STYLE
Through the accidental explosion of
a rocket on board the cruiser Juno, one
of the English vessels escorting the
royal yacht, two of the crew were
killed. The Juno caught fire, but the
fames were soon extinguished.
LONDON. July 1. — The Kiel corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says it is
reliably stated that Emperor William
announced to King Edward his inten
tion of returning his British Majesty's
visit early in August, on which occa
sion a large fleet will accompany the
Ersperor.
KIEL, June 30. — King Edward started
on his homeward voyage this morning
aboard the royal yacht Victoria and
Albert. No farewell salutes were fired,
ealvos having *een given last night
¦when the King left the yacht Hohen
zollern, after having bid Emperor
William farewell.
RJXG EDWARD LEAVES
KIEL HOMEWARD BOOT)
¦ ST. ; LOUIS. June 30.— W. H. Mai
xrell. Superintendent of Instruction o'f
New York *CIty, was jo-'day elected
president of the National Educational
Association for next year. The other
oScers elected Include H. H. Swayne
*if Montana and H. A. Mathews of.
Arizona vice .presidents 8,nd A. W.
CratJtree of Nebraska treasurer.
The recommendation was unani
mously adopted that Alaska, Porto
Itioo, Hawaii and the Philippine Isl
ands be granted representation in the
association, and directors were elected.
The selection of a place for holding
the next convention was left to the
new board of directors.
The Question -cl supporting a move
ment for the general adoption of
phonetic, spelling will come vx> before
next ytaVs convention.' It was" to
have been considered by the: associa-'
tion In convention here, but has been
lard over another year. The National
Council of Education, in adopting the
report of the committee on'investiga
tion and appropriations, refused the
request of the department of super
intendence for. the appointment of a
larse commission and the appropria
tion of $10,000 for the purpose of re
forming the spelling of the English
C. C. Van Liew, principal of the
State Normal Schopl, Chico. Cal., to-;
day read a -paper on "Psychology as
Related to the Training of Teachers"
£t the meeting of the department of
normal schools.
National Educational As
sociation Gives Honor
to Easterner.
W. H. MAXTTELL. OP JCEW YORK.
PRESIDENT OF NATIONAL. El).
VCAT1ONAL ASSOCIATION.
The prospects of Republican success
in' both district's are cheering. The
conventions of the party, however, will
not be held until late in September,
but in the meantime the party leaders
in every Assembly district will put for
ward their best efforts to obtain a
large registration of Republican voters.
At the next meeting of the Republi
can County Committee plans for the
organization of district clubs will be
reported and probably adopted..
Gavin McXab will be compelled to
make another fight on August 9 in
order to retain possession of the Demo
cratic works. The fight will come on
the election of delegates to the local
nominating convention.
The anti-McN'ab forces, under the
leadership of Jim O'Brien of the horse
and cart wing of the party, will surely
make a determined effort to capture
the convention and nominate the can
didates for the judiciary and the Legis
lature. Tarpey. O'Brien and others who
are opposing. McNab may not put up
an organized flght to win the city dele
gations to the Democratic State" Con
vention, because even a sweeping vic
tory in the metropolis would not elect
a sufficient number of delegates to
overcome McNab's superior strength
in the country. It Is predicted that the
edversaries of McNab' will first en
deavor to win the local convention,
and later on -organize for efforts "in a
wider field of action. Tarpey is already
.slated for Democratic national commit
teeman: but, as the chances of Demo
cratic success in the national contest
are dim, there -will be no flocking of
patronage-seeking Democrats to the
Tarpey camp: It is quite well under
stood that Tarpey will participate in
the struggle to oust McNab. Common
gossip in the, political camps is to the
effect that the attitude of James D.
Phelan, E. B. Pond. J. V. Coleman,
¦Washington Dodge. J. C. Sims and
other well-known Democratic states
men wil! not be defined until the nom
inations a're made at St, Louis. "If the
convention should stampede to Cleve
land, the .high-toned Democrats would
go wild with joy and McNab would
rejoice. •
Local political experts predict that
there Will be three candidate* for Con
gress in the Fourth and also three in
the Fifth Congressional District. The
fusion two "years ago, which resulted
in the election of Wynn and Livernash
and the defeat of the Republican nom
inees, has disappointed all the parties
concerned.
It is asserted that the Democrats
will have nothing to do with fusion this
year, but "on the contrary will make
straight out nominations with a view
of strengthening . the party organiza
tion. It is also common gossip that
the Union Labor party will make di
rect nominations and not waste any
time or effort in negotiations for Dem
ocratic indorsement. The courts have
decided that the Hardes-Bergis county
committee of the Union Labor party
Is the governing- body of the organiza
tion and the petition emanating from
that faction for a place on the prim
ary election ballots will probably be
recognized. The followers of Schmitz
and" Eagan. while not holding legal
possession of the works, are accredited
with strength in the several districts
sufficient to elect a majority of dele
gates to each of the Congressional dis
trict conventions.
Perplexities of Looking
Backward Party Give Ke'
publicans Great Hopes
MALCONTENTS AVOERLED
Livernash and Wynn Pair
of Gold Bricks for Demo
crats and Other Eeubens
MAXWELL
IS ELECTED
PRESIDENT
FUSION ASSAY,
REVEALS DROSS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1904.
5
THE EMPOBIXrM. \ THE EMPORIUM. 1 ' THE 'EMPOBIUH. _j THE EMPORIUM. | ' THB TTMPOBIUM.
| Some Snappy Sales Of $%X° Fourth of July Wants
J The price reductions told of bek \v are positive facts (as are all statements in Emporium advertisements); not a single regular value*
f has been inflated. There's a money-back iiunrantee here that .protects our customers.
| . sate Two sample unes JIlli Sale Manufacturer's Samples
*: Women's Summer Neckwear /••^¦^2*>=*^ =£ =^^^^%^ &t«*+m+w%mm+*« d 4MC o»»«c» ac <. ST4*%
\ Hair tegular Prices ~^^^^^^% Shopping Bags, Purses, Etc.
i We were fortunate insecure two completes.*, M^^^j^k
I pie ines this time so that we are in a position to supply tne / j Ic^ and co!orings-s.I e last, cntil rfo.bg time to-morrow.
5 neckwear wants of several hundred women, at a cost to them • *^a3TO// • • ¦ /V diseis , . . «... • t t. •.«•«••!. u r- i 4 , ,,-.,.-, v
J at exactly half usual prices. Being the samples for the current ... VM'-JsJ -@JtP* *" T T J" Jv k
6 season, it is needless to say that this neckwear is strictly up . Ml # -J^M' ' «- -- P"~ < «^5 "* - ~' "*, £" ™*'* S * 5 \
i todate. Every piece is stylish and every piece is' in good con-- • -orth-soc^, ,i. S o ; ' ! ? S * " "' 7S S °
f dition. Friday and Saturday only: s •; . 3^-- <*«« ...... -25o ..«"•--. -53© narf—n «. . . . .. 63o
1 • I Sale Ready-to-Wear Hats S1.3S . '
* 50c to $3-00 Silk Stocks 25c to $1.50 Women's *2.95 Misses' -*2.95 French sailors,- $3.Sb trim- Chlldnen H S,
£ 25c to 75c Lawn and Nef Ties 12>4c to 38c -straw -bow large flare velvet and gold " med turbans sailor hats,
jjf 75c to $3.00 Lace Collars and Revers..38c to $1.50 trimmed Gib- brimmed hats; trimmed, $2:95 in colored worth up to
;J 50c to $3.50 Lawn and Lace Yokes.... 25c to $1.75 son sailor hats .velvet and quiU- vaJues for % straws " 9Sc. now 'for
jj $1.25 to $6.00 Chlifon Fichus........ 63c to $3.00 - son sailor nats trimmed _ ? >^« - *, « • oo ''
•S SALES TABLE, MAIN AISLE : v • $1*35^ 91.35 . SI. 35. MILLINERY DEPT
if Ghes »> Vaoaiion Reading %% N %%i o R !%Z°
j $ Another of die big .tore*, great offering, -hu n dred. of Frld ay and Saturday only, cloth bound, copyrighted books,. Thousands of- yards of the daintiest,,
f doxens of Men's Neckwear, made of choice siiks, originally published at $1.50, aspecial edition prettiest summer ribbons in stripes*,
| tcck,, four.m^and., rcver.ibie tie. »c i French fold.. that we reguhrly sell at*50c, on sale percopy. . . 35C dots, checks and figured effects, to-day
1 •« va;ues up to coc, until clojing time Saturdiv night ° • r rj • "•.•>:¦ » V \ j *. ¦ ¦ *u- j •"
\ (if<,uJL, i,k, . e,ch . . . .. ...tdo u ¦ ; ¦¦/•¦ r.-fi r ,-,/ and Saturday at a third or more»uncter
: | SOeJd TSc Import Hal. Ho S c ZSc-Tkc b,o*lfZ Here are just a feiu of the many fine titles : . regular prices. ' '.
* trom one ot the greatest importers in the country — ¦ when knighthood * w»» ia Biindman "World— Bellamy. Circtii»r study Green. • . ' 4"^ n * Stripft Louisine, in pink, b:u:, n:!;, ,n»:i > / tu>»
*I iisc ba.briggan and iace effects, in handsome pat- Da J ?.THarum-We 8 tcott-- ''tSSS^S?^ H.'riw'of^^Lont. •• qaoiie. Btvy. etc., ..regnlir 15c qi»lity, fcmwo-day.
ij. tern,, and- desirable colorings-altogether the best ggffi/^^SSSrSrf " ' " ." K? MSg^SSffT &^S^SSSL' l ' 7^1 * c/ ."' 1 'vL ' ' rC J ' V * %
; $ * opportunity in men's hall hoie we have known— to- 2«V* nd Grlz ' 1 ~ Bar r Ie - strength or Weak— Hotchkies. ' uttie Brother-^Fiynt. 4-m. Ttffca Strjpcd RibbonJ, polia dot* efiecti!, fall
•K day and SAturday, pair . . V . . * . V . Frlend oi " foe— chnd. •. ' s?fcrd of Kins— MacDonaid. Taskmaster— Turner C ***' color assortment, 25c vaiucs, for the twodays.yd. 1Qo
I i 35c Fancy Half Ho.e rjc-EmbroWered lace .&.* in great varied £?. SK« e^T«t,. : - ¦ SSS? Co^r^nT^r^Kaf 5 and 5 novelties, including English, checki. satm
i *'¦ of patterns -blues, tans and black— nerer told regularly under 35c C^"' Career o£ R. Gamp- jma5^naUve_Man— Hlcbens. oJuaws^Armatrons; ''.'•"•* ltri P c taff=ta *» P°' lk * dot MOM, CW., 45c end 55c
j j^ the pair, to-day and Saturday, 3 p»tn for 50c, single pain . 17c Lees and Leaven— Townsend. T°f(>-oSon. . ¦ " ." Glass *ot~Gol&^-TMfy. ' values, for. the two days, yard . ...» . 28C
I Safe Wash Waists Muslin Wear Fireworks % off, Men's
[i| Dresses, Short Sa /e Begins To-Day '^i§M^W^^^ '¦ Summer Suits
V e^MwSmm4^ GmBir &«*«4«* d j xt ,? ' \MWS3 tEr Eitn L™* Crackeri, 3 F actj. 1Q C Ciokc to-d.y and Sltarday of any man'i .ummeri-welght
; £> V i€ir~i &j %&iin vfllSo Brand IScw Gowns, Skirts, Chemises, fgl^*! §3M i>2-inch Amerkan Redh-adj, per iu ' x :a th: !:oir » ? a<1 *"•>' E * a ' 1 out:a 5 •-:'» &* »eajoa'i
! J . n . . . . ,. . Drawers and Corset Covers, full cut, prettily &§§£ Ml l0 ° • • • - • •' •" • • SOo s * l V ind in F er: ' ec: ".^"f^ a: 25 F 1 ' cent le " *««««
1$ Sale Lawn Waists— D.inty«hi : elndiEl.wn. . beautifully made .re offered at HI 4-ch American R-^ai,. Fer m.rktd prices. The original pr-ce tag, remain, ana for two
* made Bertha effect, trimmed with insertion, . . . ... " ' # " lauc « • IE . ouwtu * l |9^SK| Bj ico G&n **!* we dedact one-quarter from those pricea-on any islt 10H.
I newest style, worth $1.65 each, « -^ special sa^e beginning this morning, at fully HAKE T 1 . R e^6r.g' Tcr^'o 6™ '. 25c Meh's $W0 Outbrj Sait,, now 56.37
* Friday -and Saturday only. .. UOC one-third under lowest regular prices. ¦ jjU' // Ja P a 3 «e Torptdou, box . ¦ . 2\ic .M«;f{*o.oo Oudhjui 3 .pie.e S«t \ 7 '5O
i k* m checks, broken piaids and dainty stripes; ""*"" f 1 ¦ 1 . ««# *• """ II \« // • • • • : .* •
ti . c j L-. 1 ' j v, j embroidery trimmed; < 1.25 values "7 fit* n U rod Small Redheads. . . ._29c • Ynuna Mnn'<t Suits
! J also pretty figured white lawn dresses, all made • ' » P > *::¦* OC It W^ IC0 Msdimn Redheais . 3Qo TOUltg men s dlf/ts
5 with full ski«s, pleated waists and finished off 6<Jwns— Several more elaborately trimmed *£LJ*A 100 Large Redhead. .... .45p 32.6O to S5.00 Saved
} Jf with handsome Stacks $4. 50 values, marked, »tyles, V or square necks, values from % I.50 l^Km^t* ico Largest Redh?ad» . . . 55c Sixes 16 to 19 years — sniaU or slender mea can be fined;
* wh : 'r cuan-itv lasts J*** ** -m to $2. 50, marked for this sale ; " GoM Cho ? f"' r "»<:'«», z F ac'<i thes:axe broken lines culled from the main ttock,
win.e quantity las.i, .... « ff QO* «f IS* «f VO ioT - Go Young Men's Ji 0.00 Suit., now $7.50
; J, %&%?*£*** &OC, &1.IO, &J.J& -*g^a Medium Size Pstol Firs- Ycuhg Meii's Ji2.50.Saia, now ..... . StO.OH
X Sale Short SklPtS— In assortment of co'.ors, dirk, Short Skirts— Torchon trimm-d, S cc ra ! u-s G9c IV. fl^^^S^ crackers, pack . tOo Voung Men's J15.03 Saits, now .'.•... \ S12.SO
ii med ; um and few black, perfectly modeled and well tailor- Short Skirts— Pc. de Parii trimmed, «i, 5 o valuw 98o W> VJfflk, It E^ra P.stol Firecrackers, Ydun5.Men-sJiT.50 and Jio. 00 Saks ... $15.00
.*; ed, is, ;s and 3 s of many of our best se.krs, formerly Women's Drawers- Embroidery trimmed, 5 ;c values F^kare . \o\ith% Khaki Suits— W s:a NorroU Ja:^;r-. rres 16 :a 1 %
J rangLig in price up to £5.50, to-day and to-morrow only \ # . . 3Q C .jfZtr/^K *"^»'ft 12)rC,150,20c year*. . . .. . . $1m5O
\*i • •' ..-...¦ $3.25 Womtn's Drawers-BettJ qaaikr, 75c ! 63o >€£/ W/Kr Lirge Firtcritke "' plck - 31 ! 2 , 5^^ znd K l lkl P lr : ''
I JM .00.SU k Shirt Waist Dresses. $.2.50- Ip^^tSPlS^ ' S^J|?^»
j J, Just in from New York, a belated shipment of Cambric Petticoats-Good |i.s V 5 Values for 'S QQq Children's adortment ot 153 peces.. . . . 1 $3.50 . Boys' Washable Suits
£ superior quality urRta s lie dre««, skircs, tide pleated and V/oram's Skirts— Torchon lace trimmsl, f 1.75 Talu- Exhibinon assoitmen: of 97 large pieces ... 55.OO . One-Half Price and La S3 ¦
I* tucked rery full, waisti beantifu'ly tuckci,and pleated, ; ;. . . . . .- : . . . . . . . . I St IS ***&**>* ">^nmzaz of 107 Ur 5 e pieces . . $7. SO ¦ ~''> " na " rrrec a" 0 *O*S
li solid colors of brown and blue, manufactured' to sell for -..-...- ...... . . . . *° Exhibition auortment of 1 20 large pietes . .S12.QO Russian suit?, 2.^ to 7 jears, and saUor suin for boys np
\\ «2o.cp, "go on sale this morning, rf»<0<9 Rt% Uc.rl . 2nd fLUUR • Other assortments Up to $25.00. •: to 10 years.' Somr slightly soiled, bur nothing to hurt; th;y
! »> while quantity lasts each . • • .^»»**5C/ ¦ SPECIAL DEP'T SECOND FLOOR are clean enough to pi»t right on. Should sell out fci a jgy
'• - - tf^ 4 A ' ' MM *M ¦ iiwiv t a j th*se prices*
f New Stock Of Wash SklrtS-Ready for your P^ttOVSt VGiMS 33C '"*~"" ' B,,.* 5 1.06 Sailor' Suits 5O G
I WMm^m^ Butter Sale ¦
X J".5°-. r ; w ..•''.:!'. A great variety of popular lummer meshes; For our Friday and Saturday butter n!e we offer as usual —^— —^—^— i^-.—
j* ' . _ '¦»—^— —^i^— — .^— plain. and dotted effecu, some with cluster the choicest 'creamrry, regular sire square,-. O^J^» WotitlGPfu] \/alUG*%
I »V f*hmtftwe%n 9 G 5>fl»*« HftCg* Fnw dots and all with dainty- borders} colon, gray and black, thar others charge 4:0 ani 45c for . . «|TV - TUM1UGW MUJ W*SMU&&
j unuaren » nuse ran bUck and white ni black mi - xrnret> ¦ . BolUd Hm _ Kbgan . f> vncedf to> ........ 28o In Liquors To-Day
! V 2 SJ3VS 14C ' untl! cIcs:lg ::rne Sa:urda - V ni ? h: . if Swi»$ Chtcsc — Import:d Eme.i:h»!, Id 29c -fi / " j. - / j. ¦ j *r
5 ¦ ,* «"J- -sf-..- - quwtity last., each •. ...".^«kVO Snider's Catsup- 25c pint boftlrs. 20O Tk " e * Xir 'Z s P ectal P riees £ cod until
\ \ D0n 9 t MlSS ThlS . 1 ; ; l closing time Saturday night.
I *: Such good hosierv new. h is not often our good Comolete *V A+ S* 0 '' ' W« •,- K«^y B^!e Bourbon-FuU q «art. . . . . 55o
5 fortune to be able to relate. Better lay in several , !" P , ' -V^ A* > # VVormrn'S 3oc . Imported Sherry -Duff Gordon, regular l4-«» A
% months' supply at the Friday, and Saturday - C Ol f #^^&CrV9^ HUff USle ' Bottle 'of ' abo-'e ' ~5t '
j: sp:cial price. They are the in ribbed real Autoists £ £ &^%^ B £MUWls*444n^ Gloves; for Swttl Wlnej _our *,. s « Part." Sherry or An-
»* Maco corton hose, all sizes 5 to f JW^ % Clothing— California -r ¦ ' Br - re y- jf §v]im i fwo Days gelica, gal. . /...... $1.05
; g| 9^, instead of 15c P>ir, for .. .#^C Second Floor V . MjlH ' "UmCAS grandest store. Pair 20c int^^^^^^^lsv^O
£•«*'«•¦«•« WA'srAVA 'A'A'A'***'* 'AA"A'**'*+*'*+'4 A'AA*S.A'A ******* •**'++* VlVlKVl .TM +°4'*'AA<«+ '+A4<*'*+'+ ***** VT^VlWkK^ W«*+4 ******* *********** ******* ******* ***
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
B .¦ t . \^w 1 - -^ yyirjjv mB —jjBf **".•• Jr^^Ej o i li T l 0D1I7
SOUTHERN PAGIFIG
ADVZBXISE2EE2TTS.
J#^beer
Srf36ttied Goodn&yf
"In Faith 'tit «n honctt quality."
Qcalirjr talk thoold be backed br "the
goods." Blitz Brewer/ wasfooaded in the
early forties. Blatz Quality it alxaoft
trastiooai. Erery bottle it ( all of quality
a~uae&t. The "Blatz" characteristics
are all rwmdsd up ia the "Wiener.**
A*k for it dowa town. Sead a case borne.
SAM BIBO fc CO.,
Wholesale Sealers, 312 Battery SU
TeL Mala S859. San rnaciico.
"DR.PIERCES
€sOi.E**EN]
Hill MEDICAL
'discovery
, FORTHE
I kSLOOD.UVER.UJNGSSSues to Recover Value of Stock.
JOSE, June 30. — J.OI. Rust to
*day began suit against F. S. Grainger
to; recover $5000 for the alleged fail
ure -to; sell him fifty shares of the
stock of, the San' Jose and Los Gatos
Interurban Electric Railway.- Rust
states that the price agreed : upon was
5100 per share. Rust alleges that
Grainger agreed to sell him fifty
shares of the ' stock, but didn't • do it,
i and he sues for the value of the stock.
Shumate's Resignation Is Accepted.
SAN JOSE, June 30. — The resigna
tion of A. E. Shumate, City Superin
tendent of Schools, was accepted this
evening and George S. - Wells, prin
cipal of the Lincoln Grammar School,
was elected to 4 succeed him. -Shumate
was a candidate for Mayor at the late
election, but was defeated by Mayor
Worswlck. He has accepted a posi
tion with a book firm and will rep
resent , its interests on the Pacific
Coast.
Price. Is Held to Answer.
ALAMEDA. June 30.— George L.
Price was arraigned before City Justice
R. B. Tappan to-day and held to an
swer to the Superior Court on a charge
of grand -1 arc* ny. Fr.ce Is accused of
having obtained 5174 from F. W. Loewe
by mortgaging a stock of cameras on
which there was already one mortgage.
Capitalist Dies in Soufh.
BERKELEY, June 30. — From Los
Angeles comes news of the death of
MenderT Wecker, a Berkeley capital
ist, whose home was at the head of
Oxford street. He had been in 111
health for a long time and went south
in the hope of getting relief. He was
the son of the late Professor William
T. Welcker, formerly a member of
the University of California faculty.
A wife and a brother, • Adair
Welcker. survive him.
Benefit for Policeman.
OAKLAND, June 30.— The Police De
partment will give a fceneflt Friday aft
ernoon at the Bell Theater for Patrol
man James Drew, who has been in a
hospital for two months. His financial
resources are exhausted and the money
from the benefit will go to help his
family in their plight. V
Sirs. Danforth's Funeral.
OAKLAND, June 30. — Funeral ser
vices for the late Mrs. Harry D. Dan
forth were held this morning from the
residence, 1257 Filbert street. The Rev.
H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, officiated. Only mem
bers of the family and other relatives
attended. Interment was in Mountain
View Cemetery.
Death of Pioneer's Son.
OAKLAND, June 30.— Charles Ellis,
28 years old, died at Ellis Landing,
Contra Costa County, last night. His
parents were among the first settlers
in that county. "
TACOMA; June 20.— Betrayed. _ by "a!
woman. Elmer PaqueUe, charged 1 with
being a deserter -from the cruiser New,
York, Is In Jail at Everett, while in
structions regarding him are awaited
from the naval authorities. A woman,
an Intimate friend of Paquette, and'to
whom, the police understand, he was
engaged to be married, gave the au
thorities the first tip that Paquette
was a deserter. The woman is now
heartbroken, and yesterday she haunt
ed headquarters, pleading with the po
lice to release Paquette.
After Giving Information to Author*
| ,itfes She Repents and Pleads for
; Release of the Prisoner.
DESERTER FROM THE XAVY
IS BETRAYED BY A WOMAN
BLAZE IX HALL. OP RECORDS.— OAK
LAND. ~ June SO. — A fire atarted tn the base
ment cf the Hall of Records this morningr. and
only for prompt action might have destroyed
valuable papers. A lighted match or a cigar
ette i3 supposed to have been the cause. .The
basement Is used as a storehouse for blanks.
and a few of these were destroyed.
OAKLAND, June ' 30.— Charles Weln
traut, residing at 883 Bay street, has
been arrested on" complaint of Louis
Schaffer, proprietor of the Fashion sta
bles, who charges that Welntraut
drove one of the stable horses to death.
Schaffer swore to a complaint which
alleges cruelty to an animal. Wein
traut's trial has been set for July 6.
Claims Horse Was Overdriven.
Alfred Brown, Howard Bacon, Baker Blan
chard. OlVi-e Booth. Rutledge Bray, Benjamin
Bullock, Sadie Bullock, Paul Crawford, Wenr
del Crawford, Julia Estrada. James Foss, Mil
dred French. Georgia Gardner. Hazel Garrl
fucs, Katherine Graham,' Merle Gray, Janie
Hocking;, Alice Huffman, Gua Hunter, Bessie
Klmball, Alfred Kocher. Relnler Kuys. Fannie
Luhrmnn, Lulu McDanlel. Nellie McKenna,
Burrel Melone. Paul Merrill. Albert Mott. Lil
lian Preston.' Carl Regnart, Florence Rocca,
Julia Roll. Ruth Rucker. Ralph Shields. Olive
Streeter. Grace Taylor, Josephine Waltz, Ten
ney William*. . , # ¦ .
SAN JOSE, June 30. — The gradua
tion exercises of the Santa Clara High
School were held this evening in the
Conservatory of Music at College
Park. There was; a large attendance
present to witness the' distribution of
diplomas to the class of thirty-eight
students. Professor W. W. Campbell
of "Lick Observatory delivered the ad
dress of the evehing>\His subject was
"Regular Work of an
Professor K. L. R. Smith, principal
of the school. In a few well chosen
remarks delivered the diplomas to the
following graduates:
Closing fturrclecs of the Santa Clara
.-/'¦: Illsh School Are Held at Col-
V-'; ••-. lego Park.
Fear That Ho Would Lose on Work
Under \Vj>~ Is Said to Have
Prompt«*d Deed.
WATSONVILLE, June SO. — Frank
Hastings, a contractor of this city,
committed suicide this evening by
hanging, himself "in a barn In the rear
of his residence. The deceased had a
large number of contracts under way,
and the fear of lpsing on them is said
to have prompted him to kill himself.
DESPONDENT CONTUACTOIt
XIANGS HIMSELF IN BAKX
GRADUATES AKR I'KKSUNTGD
.°..V\ . WITH THEIR DIPLOMAS
Ghiorsi was Injured in August. 1902
He was employed by the company as
a laborer in excavating on the Univer
sity grounds at Berkeley. While pick
ing and shoveling close to a bank about
twenty feet high it fell in on him and
rocks and stones covered him. He al
leges the bank had been made unsafe
by blasting and that his employers
knew of its condition but notwithstand
ing put him to work In a dangerous
place. . . "....;.¦
Antonio Ghlorsi Asks $50,000 From
¦;¦' San Francisco Construction Com-
':¦ OAKLAND. June SO.— For injuries re
ceived by the caving of an embankment
Antonio . Ghlorci ;. brought suit . this af
ternoon asainst the ¦ San . Francisco
Conttructlon Company, which he al
leges is respozwlble for his hurt, for
the sum of *M,0W. The plaintiff 'is ire
«as crushed &nd has-been rendered
useless by the accident.
pan y for Injuries.
BRINGS HEAVY DAMAGE
SCIT AGAINST COMPANY
v.OAKIjAKD, June 3O.~The following
marriage llcensei were Issued by the
County t Cler!c to-day: '^J-il&S'Jtftgj
Edgar. W.- Drake, : 30,^Alameda; ind
Gertrude Cheatham, 23, Alameda; John
both of Oakland: Otto A. CutAt*'- 3»,
Marriage Licenses.
ficient manner. ,-..'.
A better supply of water is recom
mended for the almshouse. and tho
county jail is declared sale.
SAN JOSE. June 20— The Grand
Jury, which has been In session dur
ing the past few months, reported to
Jud?e Tuttle' this morning asd was
discharged. Two indictments w*r«.,r»
turned during the term. One of these
it against former- City Treiisurer T. J.
McGeohepran. who is accused of hav
ing $10,000 of the city's
raoni-y. The other was returned sealed.
The report states that during tho
term of rtfice of Martin Murphy as
Auditor the books and accounts in that
office were kept in a loose and careless
manner and the general affairs of the
office were In bad condition.
The other county "offices are reported
as being conducted in an able .and ef-
SANTA CX-ARA COUNTY
. * GRAND JURY ADJOURNS
EUREKA, June 30.— The fiftieth an
niversary of the organization of Hum
boldt Lodge No. 79, Free and Accepted
Masons, was fittingly celebrated to
day. All of the Masonic lodges of the
county participated. In the morning
a large audience at Ingomar Theater
listened to the . programme especially
prepared for the occasion. : Worshipful
Master. Xiae Felt.." presided. ¦¦• Speeches
were made by Grand Orator A: J. Mon
roe and the history.; of, the; lodge ..was
given by .Judge Melehdy. :. ££ s :;v.v £ '•• '
•;•• In M the "-afternoon >¦ a- -i banquet was
served atthe Occidental Pavilion; The
banquet speeches, were made by Dep
uty Grand Master a: W. Hunter, Judge
F. -A* Cutler, ~\C.\ H.':ConnIck,-/G.^H.
Hurriiard and M." Chldeater. '..-. •» .r. v * • ? •.=.
-. Humboldt Lodge waa Instituted : fifty
years ago to«day, : with a '--charter.' metnr
bership of thirteen. . It has flourished
since Its inception and is now a very
wealthy institution. Among its pres
ent members Judge Van Dyck is one
of the most prominent..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALJA, June 30.— C. & William*
of Dlnuba was a juror in the Superior
Court to-day, and failed to be in the
box when court' reconvened after re
cess. I^ater he was found In a saloon
by an officer. Judge Wallace repri
manded Williams severely,, dismissed
him from the trial and sentenced him
to serve one hour in jail.
Fnils to Appear in Conrt at Appointed
Hour and -Later Is Found \
In a Saloon. . . .
JUROR IS SENT TO JAJL
FOR ABSENTING .HIMSELF
Celebrate the Fiftieth Anni
versary of the Organiza
tion of Hnmboldt Lodge
SAN JOSE, June 30.— The children of
the late John Tully, a pioneer farmer,
who died in 1S94, are accused of wrong
fully appropriating to their "own use
about $25,000 worth of property be^
longing to the estate. B. B. Turel, ad
ministrator of the estate, to-day began
suit against Isabella HIggins, Mary E.,
Edward, Eleanor, Joseph and Dorinda
Tully, heirs, to recover $50,000, which it
Is stated is double the value of the
personal property taken. The property
alleged to be withheld from the admin
istrator includes $1853 in cash, a lot
of farm inplements, 300 tons of hay,
6000 sacks of wheat and barley, 5000
sacks of brewing barley, fifty tons
of feed barley and 800 sacks of seed
grain.
The estate of John Tully, which was
appraised at $250,000, has been in the
courts for some years, a contest being
waged over It between his second wife
«nd hU children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• OAKLAND. June 30. — A protest
against allowing the dissolution of the
Oakland Building and Loan Associa
tion was filed with the County Clerk
tolday by Henry Taylor, who claims
that there is $1159 due him from the
corporation which he wishes to collect
before the organization is allowed to
disband. He has also brought suit
against it for this amount.
' The company was incorporated in
1SS9,. and now has a petition before the
courts asking that It be allowed to
dissolve. It states that the business
has been wound up and that the af
fairs of the company are In such a con
dition as to be settled. The action of
Taylor in filing his protest was to keep
the company from dissolving before the
courts could hear his cause.
and Loan Association Owes
. Him $1150.
Henry Taylor Claims Oakland BaJldlng
W.CfULD KEEP COMPANY
FROM DISSOLUTION*
Litigation Over the Estate
of the Late John Tully
Takes a Sensational Turn
BERKELEY, June 30. — In ordex to
the better illustrate his lectures in
music at the .University of California
Professor Albert A. Stanley, in charge
of music at the University of Michi
gan, now a member of the summer
school faculty, will use a piano and
one or two other instruments in his
classroom. This marks the beginning
of a new epoch in university history.
It is the forerunner ot a department
of music In the University of Cali
fornia, which no one doubts trill soon
h* established. In giving his lecture*
on the theory and practice and art
of music Professor Stanley* will sound
the note* of the piano and play the
compositions o£ the most famous
composers. ,-
Professor Stanley has abandoned
the plan .proposed to organize chor
uses, for practice during- the summer
session. The time -is too short. h»
finfis, to accomplish much In the di
rection of choral singing.
Professor Albert A. Stanley Will^Usc
the Instrument in His Classroom
at the University,
Ten companies of ZioniCityV Guards;
seventy men each, . formed : in line,
while the ao-eallPd "Restoration Host."
5500 *tron?, lined up At the tabernacle.
At the arch the guards met' the 'Dowie-"
Ite senior and junior choirs, robed in
surplices. The march to the depot was
taken up, the other residents falling
in behind. -
Upon 'the arrival of the train at Zion
City Dowle's carriage, a victoria, trim
med with carnations, ferns and smilax.
conveyed the "doctor" and his chief
"overseer" at the head of the proces
sion to the arch, the Zion City brass
band furnishing the music. At the
arch ten little girls stepped forward
robed in white, with blue badges across
their breasts bearing In gold letters the
names of ten of the principal countries
which Dowie had visited. Th© chil
dren carried large bunches of roses,
which they threw over Dowie and his
party, and then unlocked the gates of
the arch, handing over to Dowie the
key, which, on his departure, he hau
given to the chief overseer. Addresses
were then made, by Dowie, his, wife
and Gladstone Dowie. The white
robed choir then sang an anthem, and
Dowie went Into retirement to receive
reports from his lieutenants.
Residents of Zion City were busy all
night making the finishing touches In
the preparations for the arrival of
Dowie. The streets, which were dec
orated with flags and bunting, were
rolled and sprinkled, and all the stores
were closed. Aside from a triumphal
arch, the tabernacle was the chief ob
ject of decoration. Here Zion flags
blue and gold, with a cross In the cen
ter—flourished in the breeze in large
numbers. Higher up was the "union
jack" of England, and, surmounting
all, was a huge American flag.
The "arch of triumph," situated
near Elijah avenue, was made of imi
tation blocks of stone. Each block
bore the name of a city that Dowie
had visited in his travels. Black let
ters denoted the cities where Dowie
had been received, while the names
pf the cities that had. spurned him
showed in glowing re^J. XTbe red-let
tered, cltleskwere Sim Francisco,' Syd
hey, Mf lbburne, Adelaide and London.
¦At the sound of a whistle the' entire
population enent two minutea in silent
devotion, and were then given six min
utea to assemble In a. procession that
>vas to greet J3<yw\e;^<u-<'':^-^J : :?..y:\ : ?.,
CHICAGO, June 30.— After a trip
which covered the earth, John Alex
ander Dowie arrived in Chicago to
day. He had sent word ahead that he
would not. Soil his feet with the dust
of Chicago. He remained in his pri
vate car while it was switched to the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
and attached to a train scheduled to
leave for the Dowie settlement at Zion
City, 111. '
TO ILLUSTRATE MUSIC
LECTURES WITH PIAN'O
BERKELEY, June 30.— The Filipino
students attending the University of
California are About to band together
and organize fraternities that will be
exclusively for students of- their "own
country. The scheme contemplates
taking in the Filipino students of all
American universities, ta be con
trolled by a" national organization. It
Is the 'purpose to build the first chap
ter-house in Berkeley, for which the,
fathers of the young men attending
college wilt be. asked to contribute
$50,000. As the Filipinos now In
Berkeley are the sons of wealthy pa
rents they do not expect any trouble
in getting the money. :??.-.
ifornia Will Ask Their Fathers
for $50,000. , ; y
Youths Attending University of Cal-
FILIPINO STUDENTS ;*V v V
FLAX FRATERNITIES
SUIT IS FILED
AGAINST HEIRS
"Healer" Says He Will -Not
Soil Feet With Dust of
Chicago and Keeps Word
DOWIE'S BOAST
IS MADE GOOD
EUREKA MASONS
HOLD REUNION
President Wheeler announced to-day
the members of the faculty of the Uni
versity of California whom he has se
lected to act on the committee to select
the first Rhodes scholar from Califor
nia. They are Professor H. Morse
Stephens, of the history department;
Professor Irving Stringham, of the
mathematics department; Professor.
Edward Bull Clapp.'^f the Greek de
partment; Professor A.T. Lange, dean
of the collepe of letters; and W. H.
Dehm, president of the Associated Stu
dents. In. a few days the committee
will be organized, and after giving full
consideration to each of the candidates
who successfully passed the prelimin
ary examinations It will name the one
student" thought to be endowed with
all the qualifications demanded jof a
Rhodes' scholar. The candidates are
Beverly S. Allen, W. C/Crittenden. M.
E. Deutsch, H. B. Dewing, .F. P. Grif
fiths, C. K. Judy and W, J. Musgrove.
The committee will be guided, in its
selection of (he scholar, .by the literary
and scholastic attainments of the can
didate, his fondness for .outdoor
sports, his Qualities of . manhood and
general character. V^'Sfl
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 30.
President of University of
California Announces the
Identity of Committee
Rolf Thelen". ¦ *04, • who was assistant In'
chemistry during his senior year, has returned,
from his home in National City to accept the
position Of assistant in the bureau of forestry.
United States 'Department of Agriculture. His
work will consist in making .strength tests of
western Jim^ers "at the civil engineering
laboratory under the direction 'at Lofen E.
Hunt. • - .
Professor R. H. Loughridge \of the 'agri
cultural department returned. to the university
to-day after an extended absence In the East.
Most of his time 'was spent at St. Louis,
where he examined" into. th«- agricultural ex
hibits of the States and- nations.
"BERKELEY, June 30.— The university will
be represented at- the International .- Congress
of -Arts and Science?, which wi'n-. convene at
St. Louis .in "September, by President- Wheeler
and twelve other members • of the faculty —
"Professor Jacques I»eb, Xdolph 'C. Miller, F.
W. Putnam. W. -W. Campbell.' Samuel B.
Christy. Carl a Plehn. Bernard" Moses, Elmer*
E. Brown. George Davidson, Charles Mills
Oaytey. William E. -Ritter and George H.
Howlson. Scholars from' all" over »he World
will participate In the i.teetlng;. :
The Alumni Commlsisi-ned Officers' Aswwia
tion has been reorganized. One of the change's
is the requirement »'f a - f«e of $10 before a
graduate officer may become an active -or
honorary member. ;.. -•• • :
Three fraternities are buildlntr chapter houses
during the vacation. The .Chi Omens are
building a bewse of fifteen rooms at Euclldi
avenue and Virginia <rtreet. The' Sigma Alpha
Epsllon fraternity will occupy a-hotfse that is
now being erected on Ridge road. The Clil
Psis are preparing to move. Into a house on
Hearst avenue. • It will be finished when col
lege opens araln. :• ••• '
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WHEELER NAMES
RHODES JUDGES
Miss Esther E. Tusrgy of SSI Oak street is
«rwcted home next week from Boston, where
she has been studying music for three years.
ALAMEDA, June 30.— Miss Martha Snow
has returned from a tour of the Eastern State*.
She will soend a season at Mill Valiey with
her family and th* family of W. H. Penfield.
The principals of the Alameda wedding ere
t>ofh talfnted and prominent In the mueical and
literary world, the bride being a pianist of
more than ordinary ability, and is correspend
ing secretary of the Pacific Coast Woman's
VYess Association. Mr. Borle la a clever
writer, and ia the author of a book now In
the publisher's hands. He Is a member of an
old German family. /.• "
Th* marriage took place at the home of
the bride, who Is the daughter of the late
Gene.ral Robert A. Friedrich former United
PtaUs District Attorney for Alaska. Mr. and
Mrs. Borle will «=r»end their honeymoon In
Southern California, and on their return will
reside in Alameda.
> Two weddings of considerable" Interest were
•oKmniated .to-day, one being that of Misa
Mae Mci;ain and Earl S. Horsman here in
Oakland, and the other that of Miss Augusta
Friedrich and Charles A. Borle in Alameda.
The McBam-Horsman weddinc took place
at the liome of the bride 1 * lather. William
McBain, who Js a well-known musician and
leader of the Fifth. Regiment Band. The
newly married cduple will Fpend their honey*
moon in Portland, where Mr. Horsman was
formerly jn business.
The Wickhara Havens gave an elaborate
dinner, last evening In honor of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank C. Havens and HaroM Havens, who are
on .the f\e cf a trin to the East. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. Frank Havens. Mr. and
Mrs. Edward W. Ennrs. Dr. and Mrs. D. A.
Proctor, Dr. William S. Porter. Walter Lei
mert. Altvrt Newell, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Ropenfeld, Miss Carrie Nicholson. Miss Bflle
Nicholson. Mr. and Mrs. Albert A. Long. Mr.
anj Mrs. Harry Maxwell, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Kouthwaite, W. F. Kelry and Otis Engs.
Around the board w«>re elated: Miss Han
ley, MiRS Thomson, Miss Katherine Brown.
Mrs. tleortf C. Perkins Jr., Miss Maude Hen-
Uerpon, Mii* Edn-^ Orr, Miss Xoolle de Golia,
MIfs Louis« Lanuford. Miss Alma Perkins,
Mi«» Eth'l Amann, Miss Kate Bennett and
MIfs Donner, who is the guest of Miss Edna
O*r.
OAKLAND, June 30.— Mif« Anita Thomson
and .Mlsi! Loretta Hanley were guests of honor
10-day 'at one of the Jolliest luncheons of the
(tt-aFon. Miss Pancy Perkins being the hostess.
The big round table in the dinimt hall of the
Perkins mansion on Vernon Heights was a
6lowing.* mats of red sweet i>eap, name cards
and favor« also following the crimson scheme
of decorations.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Unions Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, June 30. — The Retail
Clerks' Union has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term:
President. J. C. Tre'theway; vice president,
J. * Xalsmith; secretary, J. C. Curran; second
vice president, D. Terry; guide, T. King:;
guard, L. Barr: treasurer, M. Rotner; trustees,
Messrs. Hyde end Solomon: delegates to Cen
tral Labor Council, Messrs. Reboll, Fisher,
Curran and King.
The Laundry Workers and Cigar
makers have elected their officers for
the next term. The result follows:
Laundry Workers— President. J. H. Moritz;
vice prealdent. G. P. Preindlvllle; treasurer,
R. Spencer; secretary. 8. H. Gray; sergeant-al
arms, E. Mellaine; sentry, H. J. Meyer*.
Ciftar Makers — President, M. Lesser; vice
president, A. Anderson; treasurer. F. Q. Aid
rich: recording secretary, G. R. Pesmln; cor
responding: and financial- secretary, J. Aronson
aer&eant-at-arms. H. Baurhofer; M. Leaser and
F. Hilgard. delegates to Provision Trades
Council;. delegate to International convention
J. Aronson.
.The City Council is within reaching
distance «f calling the . election at
which will be submitted the proposition
to bond the city for $2,500,000 for gen-.
oral improvements. Officials in the
legislative, -engineering and law depart
ments have accomplished a vast
amount of necessary preliminary work
and by Tuesday night will -be ready to
report upon the last required resolution
of intejition before the ordinance to
call the election can be presented.
Estimates vt plans and specifications
for the projected new City Hall were
completed to-day by Joljn Galen How
ard, the architect: These will be ap
proved Tuesday by the City Council
fcond -Committee. The next step will
be ihe preparation of the election ordi
nance. • To cover the legal requirements
the ordinance cannot be finally passed
before July 30. It is. believed, that .the
elecrion will _ be called. for. August 22,
possibly a week earlier.
Oakland Office Sa» Francisco Call,.
1016 Broadway, June 30.
Literary exercises, band concerts and
fireworks in the evening will round out
the day. . ;-;
Keep all skylights and upper windows clcsed;
keep barn door» and windows closed; see that
your hose is in good condition and attached to
water pipes; keep buckets filled with water
placed around the premises. If you have lad
ders have them so placed that you can quickly
ascend to the roof. Be sure you know the ex
act location of the nearest fire alarm box. .
See that all inflammable matter is removed
from the roof and putters. Special. orders have
¦been Issued that all members of the Fire De
partment will remain in the engine houses for
the 3d and 4th of July. "- v.-->
In order to guard against the danger
of fire on the Fourth, Chief Ball of the
Fire Department has issued the fol
lowing instructions to citizens:
The parade will be headed by : the
Twenty-eighth InfantryRegiment, U. S".
A., with the regimental band. Follow-!'
ing will be a battery of field artillery,
a detachment from the Naval Training
Station at Yerba Buena Island arid,
another from Mare Island. The regu
lar troops and marines and bluejackets
will form two divisions of the parade
and in the other divisions will be Com
panies A, F and G of the Fifth In
fantry Regiment, N. G. C, the Veteran
Reserves, the League of the, Cross
Cadets, the Congregational' Cadet
Cdrps, the Cadet Reserves of Calvary
Presbyterian Church" of San Francisco,
the Boys' Company from the Temescal
Home, the Alameda Hospital Corps,
the Woodmen of the "World," and the
Invited guests, including the City
Council, the Board of Supervisors and
the city and county officials in car
riages. . •¦
Immediately after the para,de a na-.
tional salute of for.ty-six guns will" "be
fired by the artillery at the Willows.
After the luncheon for the "tropps, which
•will be served by the ladies' .refresh
ment committee, there will be. a short
intermission. . jf"' '.
The afternoon programme consists of
bicycle races on the boulevard, boat
races, swimming races and other
aquatic sports on Lake Merritt. The"
boat races will consist of senior barge.
Junior barge, senior and Junior skiff
and single shell races, all of which are
championship events. • The winning
boats will be decorated with blue flags.
The display of fireworks will -take
place at Broadway and Fifteenth
street at 8:30 o'clock. • :
'Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway.June 30. :
Petail's far the Fourth of July cele
bration have been completed.
The parade will start from the cor
ner of Broadway and Second street at
10 o'clock. The line of march. Is as
follows: . 'i ;
Up Broadway to Seventh street, to Washing
ton etreet, to Fourteenth street, to Sari.. Pablo
avenue, to Twentieth street, to Broadway, • to
Seventh street, countermarch on Broadway' to'
Durant street, and the.nce to the Wlllow.8. -oav
thu west shore of Lake Merrltt. "¦""'•.!•:'•..••
ALAMEDA. June 30.— Milton . BJake,
better known as "Jack the .Swatter,"
was sentenced by City Justice R. .B.
Tappan to-day to serve four months in
the County Jail for battery committed
upon Miss ' Kate Cronin. For four
months Blake terrorized and attacked
unescorted women on the streets after
nightfall, and finally came to grief
when he waylaid and.cruelly beat -Miss
Annie Seebeck. He.wag, arrested on her
complaint .and- later, identified by Miss
Cronin as the ; . : >m'an who 1 , assaulted her
pnthe hisht of February "20.. ". : '•••-. v .
H^^^3Ia^'app^aH^'ln'c<»(rt to-day
his iittc)rrifey,^W.^:ry; requested Jus
tice 1 Tapnan : ' to suspend;' sen tehee, -and.
remand; the; defendant t6;the. care" of his
mother,. with the" Understanding that h«
should not be permitted on -the streets
after daTk and t.hat : he Bh'o.iild ; . report
to. the ccurt at stated times. In -refus
ing; to -grant this request Justice Tap
pan said: ". ' . -• .• :.
. "The mother of this young 1 man can
not satisfy me that she is able to .pre
vent this defendant from attacking de
fenseless women. That he has a mania
for comrnitting • such • dastardly acts
there Is no disputing, and. the safest
place for him will be behind the bars.
•I hope the" confinement may benefit
him. and while I feel sorry for the lad's
mother a"nd His relatives," I will not' per
mit sympathy -to swerve me from my
duty. If there is any "question as to the
boy's sanity; that can be determined
after "he" is in the County Jail. If this
defendant, is- not checked, in his career
tie may" "develop- into a 'Jack the Rip
per.' " -. • -'.;; < ¦• ¦¦: ;".-.-¦¦¦
As soon as the ceremony had been
celebrated the newly wedded couple left
for 'their honeymoon, which will be
passed in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
As soon as they return they will make
their home at San Quentin.
• Mr. Drahms and his bride were
schoolmates in Geneva, 111., a small
town near the home of the bride's par
ents.
The bride arrived in Oakland at 6
p. m. on the Overland Limited. Chap
lain Drahms met his bride in Sacra
mento, and on their arrival in this city,
they went at once to the home of Mrs.
Watson. Chaplain Drahms is 53 years
of- age and his bride is 45/ •-
TKe Rev. August Drahms, chaplain
of the State Prison at San Quentin. and
Miss Jessie P. Danford of Aurora, 111.,
were married this evening at the home
of Mrs. A. E. Watson, 1419 Eighth ave
nue. The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pas
tor of the First Congregational Church.,
officiated. The wedding was very quiet,
the only witnesses being Mrs. Watson,
her daughter, Miss Jessie E. Watson,
and "Mrs. Cropper, a friend of the
bride's.
Oakland Office San' Francisco Call,
- ' 1016 Broadway, June '30.
Roup, a diseasethat attacks chickens
\vit{i deadly effect and brings immense
annual losses to the poultry raisers of
the State, is being thoroughly investi
gated by the scientists at the Univer
sity of California in the hope that it
may be- conquered. It is a disease that
has Jongr resisted the attacks of the
scientific men, but it is likely to be
overcome if dealt with systematically.
A campaign has already been lauched^
by Professor A. R. Ward, professor of
veterinary science and bacteriology,
who has just returned from the poultry
farms of Petaluma. It is. proposed to
treat all the affected chickens differ-;
ently, following, suggestions from ex
perience and- various sources. .. Out of
a large number of these treatments It
is thought that at. least one; cure, may
be found. Professor Ward'- adminis
tered to 250 chickens, while at" Petaluma
and found that the most'isuccess was
obtained by injecting kerosene Into
their nostrils. It is by no means cer
tain, however, that .kerosene reaches
the disease, and it will be a long time
before its enicacy, if there is any at all,
is determined.
Roup manifests itself by a swelling of
the heads of the fowls. It is supposed
that it* is caused by colds, due to im
properly ventilated 'chicken houses.
Science has not determined whether it
is a contagious disease, and this will
be one of the aims of the investigation
now going on.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, June 30.
Tentative Arrangement Is
3Iade .That Provides for
tire Call for' August 22
Boyhood Sweetheart Crosses
the Continent to Marry
Man She Has Long Known
Professor A. It 1 . Ward Be
gins Systematic 'Work to
Check Stubborn Disease
Fourtli of July Demonstra
tion AVill Close With a
Grand Fireworks Display
Judge ]». J>. Tap|an Refuses
• Request That Defendant
Be demanded to- Mother
NO SYMPA'l^HY IS SHOWN
thvrsd'at. jpcke so.--
Agnes Borland " (widow) to George Palmer,
lot on W line of Webster «tre«t. 175 S of
Tft-enty-hlnth or Prospect. S 5 by W 99.05.
portion of lot 8, map of Bolaiid property (r«
cordid June 29. 1904), Oakland; $10. •'
George Palmer to David «C. Mtnor, lot on
W line of Webster street. 140 8 of Twenty
pinth or' Prospect. S 40 by W 09.03, being .V
¦40 feet of lot 8 same map (recorded June TJ.
lltw;. Oakland; $10. . • .
F*e4 Hambleton to Mab«l Hambleton (wife),
lot o n SW line of-Sarta Clar^ (formerly Moss*
avenue, 333.07 SE of Oakland avenus. *>B
43.9S,'SW 127.43/JfW 45:4. NB 121.65.. portion
of lot 10. block j; FlRit Tract No. 4. Oakland;
$10. . • _
Joslah Garratt to E. M. and Joseph T.
Hinch lot on W line of West street. 112 >J
of Twenty-nUth. N 2S by W 140. portion of
lot 12, bl»;k B map of Whltcher & Brock
hurst Tract. Oakland; $10.
barlow P Bancroft to W. *E. Baker. lot
7. block J. map of Santa Fe Tract No. 2 (deed
an<t agreement), Oakland; $10. *
. Johanna Ulrica Sparman . to A. Sparman
(husband). Iota 21 and 22, Ganklli Tract. Oak
land.; also any other t>roper»y. real or Per
sonal >hereso«v*r •ituaied that fir«t party
may be possessed of at tfnn* of death; sift.
..George bamb . <«!ng!e> to Catherine I^, 1 *"*
«n-M<f.v» lot 4. block IT. San Antonio, Ea«t
O '?tl :iJl'i"i «*ft. . . __. '
Robert and' Emella^P. Andrew* f Bernard).
w»fe, to Joseph P. Bernard (son), tot' on NH
lir\e.ot E««t Sixteenth str.eet. 75 8B of Eight
eenth avenur. SE S7:t»by NB 110. lof 4. an*
NW r " Vj of lot 6 block- -o4, San Antonio. Ea»t
Oakland; gift: . • ¦ :
Monutain View. Cemetery • Association to
Veutatia I. M. Oov« (widow),. Jot in 'cemetery.
Oakland Township; $141.
William L. and Gertrude Fenn (Bullard.
wife) to -Grac* P. Bullard (slngre), 'undivided
H bX ¦ lot on N line of Haste street. 140 W
of Dana. W 6O by J» l.Xi. i»ortion «ubdivlslon»
V and U of lot's 5 and «, of block 5. ftiap.
subdrvision of portionj lots 5 and -6 and lot».
7 •an<> 8. block ti, of ColWe Homestead, .Berke
e> Warren Olncy- et aU to tnlvenlty . Lanil
Improvement Company. Jot at inurse»ihm u> ;
E line of Le. Hoy. avenue with S line Rldx* -
road- E 275 by S 1U.5O. iota 5 to 9, 10. 13
and -'portion lot 4, block 2(>, Dale's Scenio
Park. Berkeley; $-10. I • -. ¦ ¦ • ' ,
P." Mart* Burjifiam. (widow) -to Elliott H.
Woolsey. lot on SW ebrner of Eleventh and
Madison stilts, W- ISO by S 75. lota l\ to
17 and portion lots 12 to 14. -block 1^'J. Kel
lers berster's map. Oakland; $lf>. .•
Henrietta A, and. M. T. Marshall- to J, T.
and M." L.. Marshall (wlte). lot on W, line of
Linden street 129 TZ 8 of Twenty eighth. 3
37 :U' by W.-W2, block 652. Boardman* map.
Oakland; >10. . * ' ':^ «.
Nancy E. Batchelder (wluow) to Clara F\
Tlamllton (wfdow/. lots 7 and 8. .block u.
mip Cay View Hom»Htead.and adjoining prop
erty. N, Oakland; grant.,
John Hatttes Jr. to PW»tro Zunlno. lot on ,H
line' 'of Seventeenth street, 57:3 E of Cypress,
E' 50 by. S 104:9, lots 2H and 30. block* <H£!.
map N.'l.. portion Scotchler Tract, • Oakland;
¦ Ed»on F. and John' C. Adams and Julia P.
A.' Prather to C D. Vincent.' lot betf inning at
point on llpe dividing plats 2O and Z\. distant
SW 80S.00 from SW line of T^ee »tpet<. map
subdivision. No. I. Adams Point I'roperty.
thence SW 5 by SE 13o. portion aforesaid pl«t
21. Rancho V. and* D. Peralta. Oakland, deed
and asrre^ment: *10. • «...
James B. and Hai>nah M. Woo.sey to tValter
P. WooNey, lot on "N line of- Webster street.
S.T2 1£ -El of Deakln thence along N line <3f
Webater 153 to W boundary line- -*»f land con
veytd to E-. BiR«!ow, S5 D. 22ti, thence N Hm>.
"W 'DO. N 50. W 5.T .S 150, lOtlH. block F. map
portion .Woolsey Tract. Berkeley; also strip
100 feet square adjoining land formerly deeded
by Woolsey to Bigefo'w en W aide tHereof »nd
being portion "of plat 51. Ranches V. o and V.
Peralta, Berkeley; $10O. .
• Mary C. and Jaraca.Ii. Barker (husband an4,
m attorney). W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer, to ¦
F A. Farwell (single womani. N 31 • tret tit.,
lot 17 and S 9 f'ee£ of \ lot IS. block «• amended
map portion La T-oma Pacte and Wheeler
Tract. Berkeley; $100. .
John and Kathartr.a Schopplein to Ernest
and Sophie Gurke. -lot on W line ef Kin*
street 75:? N" of Prince, lamia Regent-street
Homestead A.*r<v?iatlon. W 120. right angle*
S4:», -E 120 S Berkeley: $1O.
Carrie and A. F. Trahan t/> (lenedetto IV
lucchl. lot on "N line of EaKle av»nu», 34:7 w
of Willow, W 34:7 .by N r2O. beinr portion of
lot* I and 8. block l.T, plan of subdivision of
blocks 1, 2. 3. 12. 13, 14". lands adjacnt to
Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
San Francisco Savln«ts Union t» v>. H.
Stanlels beginning -at point on NE line of strip
of I»fid'll5 wide' of South Pacific C?a»t Hail
road Company called Encinal avenu*, distant
1000- fe.^t SE from SE line of High itreet. SE3
Brt by NTS 11<*. lot 21, map of Hlrschfeld^Trac^.
Alameda; f 10."
W. H. Stanlel*. (widower) to F. TOuesau and
R. Gunca. same; $10. *
M L. Wicks (f ingle) to Thom«* Hartweln.
lot o'n S lino of Pacific avenue. 121.32 W of
Fourth street. W 30 by S 14.V lot IS. block A
amended man of resubdlvislon of Hatght
Tract, Alameda: $23<V
William H. and Georgie W. Bryan . (wif»>
and John J. an<$ Emma C. Bryan <wire) to
Louis W. Schroeder Sr., lot on S line of Cen
tral avenue. 131:11 E> from E Itne ef lan<S eon-
Teyed to Wonderlech and Bryan 165 D. 207.
thence B 13:8:4 right angle 151 to shor- of
bay ot Pen Francl»«v. thence following fthor*
lino In TV direction t» polot where line drawn
nt right a-npl* t"» nM lln* of Central av*nu«
frnna begin nlnr wnuM Intersect sane N 1SS.
n«r« or »«•*•% ta b- tlr.ninr. being portion of
I- 1 1*. map et Ian4*i cf T>uton!a Park an4
Ilitmert «<S AMvUllnn. Alameda: $10.
Alamctla CfiuiV.
REAL ESTATK TRANSACTION'S.
TRY MANY; REMEDIES
#ETS .HALL ' ESTIMATES
REGATTA ON THE LAKE
LOVE BEGAN AT SCHOOL
Rev. i August Drahms Takes
as Wife Miss Jessie Dan
ford of 'Aurora, Illinois
City Council Approaching
.the End of Long Labor
Over .Bond Issue Project
Regular Troops, Marines and
State Militia Will Take
Part in the Parade
Young Assailant of Women
Is Committed to Prison
* for Term of Four Months
"The campaign is a long way off
yet." Judge" Davis said. "11 is for us
now to ratify the choice of our dele
gates. The discussion with the other
party will come- later."
Judge Davis then reviewed the his
tory of President 'Roosevelt's admin
istration, with* all its accomplishments,
its diplomatic and economic victories.
The greatest of these, he safd, was the,
achievement of . securing a Panama
canal treaty. President .Roosevelt he
referred to as a man of peace, wlio
believes in peaceful revolutions, but
still exhibits that aggressiveness which
does things. It was the duty ef Amer
ica t6 return the President to office
and thus to insure Americans another
term of prosperity.
AEsembtyman Waste, the first speak
er, referred to the significance of the
gathering, which was met to indorse
the nommatic-n of the men who ha'd*
received the highest honors the great
est party of the nation could bestow
upon them. . Trustee Staats appealed
to all .Republicans to rejoice in the
achievements of the party and to man- 1
ifest their confidence in the leaders.
Philip II. Carey spoke of the loyalty
ihat college men shcruld show toward
the party nominees. Daniel Fairbanks
referred to" the- worth or his name r
sake cm the ticKet. Judge Davis, the
chief orator of the evening, remimied
hi? audience that the meeting was
designed primarily to confirm the. de
cision of the Chicago convention.
IX PRAISE OF ROOSEVELT.-
John M. Foy, as chairman of the
meeting, called it to order and explain
ed its purpose. On .me piatfbrm with
him, as vice presidents, were Thomas
Rickard, Charles E. Thomas, George
D. Metcalf. Dr. fo. N. Rowell and ti.
N. Wyckoff. ; The speakers flanking
him were. Judge % John A. Davis of
Amador; Philip M. Carey, president of
the, University Republican Club; As
semblyman \V. H. Waste, Trustee Red
mond C. Staats and Daniel Fairbanks.
1'KOMIXKXT 'CITIZEN'S SPKAK1
Th<? speakers and officers of the
meeting sat on a big platform in the
middle of the street. Ameiican flags
waved in the-bietze. The pictures of
MiKinley, Roostevelt and -.Fairbanks
.>.- itd out over the crowd and fuv
nisnc-d the speakers with inspiration
for their oratory. All along Cente^r
fctieet the business houses wore decor
ations of flags and bunting. Chinese
lanterns l\a-ved their lights. It was a
c elebration -that interested the whole
i own. "•;
The Republicans of Berkeley • this
evening testified their loyalty to the
party nominees and the' parly cause
«ta big ratification meeting held in the
street before tht main entrance to the
university grounds. It was "the first
forma! meeting of the national cam
paign in California and drew together
all Ihe'stalivam of the party. There
was a maximum o.t oratory, enthu
riaism and fireworks.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
21*S -Center Street, June 30.
Speakers and Hearers Unan
imously Pledge .Support
to the Party Candidates
ENTHUSIASTIC ORATORY
Berkeley^ Republicans Meet
to Indorse Choice .of
the National Convention
Scientific Men at Univer-
sily of California At
tack Malignant .-Malady
GREAT MEETING
RATIFIES TICKET
FINISH PLANS
FOR ELECTION
NATION'S DAY
PLANS READY
BLAKE HEARS
HIS SENTENCE
SAN QUENTIN'S;
CHAPLAIN WEDS
MAY CONQUER
POULTRY ROUP
THE. SAN FRANCISCO v GALL, FRIDAY, JULY 1. 1001.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SAN. JOSE, June 30.— A new gymna
sium and library Is to be erected at the
University of the Pacific. The new
building will cost $15,000. The gymna
sium will be modern In every respect
and will contain baths and all the
latest apparatus. A promise of a $5000
library has been made the university
as soon as the building is ready to re
ceive the books.
Will Build a New Gymnasium.
6
«^^ of her life. Becoming
.a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman'*
severest trial is not only made. painless, bat all the danger is avoided
by its use. . Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, niyisea and other distressing conditions axo
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical 'V-. ? •
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's BUxkflhHit ab\9i\
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold." jWMgagilS^I^ %
says many who have used it. $i.oo per lfu\7§SBWfi v
bottle at drug stores. .*¦ Book containing •
valuable information of interest to all women, will PTnxii 4%w%
be sent .to any address free' upon application to Ir"|l^aH^fj^«|
BRABF1EID REGULATOR QO., Atlanta, Qa» £2 11 § VSflxM
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CAI/L IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
- 1OT«* Broadway. ".-
v TeIerJlione Main 1083,
BERKELEY.
2J48 Center Street.
Telephone' North 17.
ALAMEDA. .. -
1435 Park Street. " _
Telephone Alametfa -53?.Entertainment by Thistle. Club.
The Scottish Thistle Club will give
. The committee passed* the .demand
of 'Thomas -Price for $175 for expert
services in the case of Leon Soeder,
who was convicted of murder. Price
was directed In- future to furnish a de
tailed statement of the time actually
employed in wdrk done for the city.
increase out of the generaj appropria
tion of its department.
COLLIDES WITH BTJGGY. — OAKLAND.
June ' 30. — Car 171 of. the . San Pablo avenua
electric line collided this afternoon -with a
buggy driven by John Hermans, who was
thrown out but not seriously Injured. Tha
accident occurred at San Pablo avenue and
Nineteenth street. Hermans resides at tha
Juanlta Hotel.
an entertainment at the Alhambra
Theater to-night. An excellent pro
gramme has been prepared, in which
some of the best professional talqnt of
the city will take part.
One boy may equa"l two ordinary
girls, but not your two* - "• :
CHINESE KILLS ¦HIMSELJV— How CIm,. a
Chinese laborer, threw • himself, < yesterday
morning, off the roof of I the three-story build
ing at 719 and 721 Sacramento street and was
Instantly killed. ' Ha - bad teen In 111 health
and wu fleepoadent. _ . .
Three Whole Days' Vacation,
. The Fourth of July comes on Monday. Why
not enjoy a good vacation by going out « of
town Friday on the Friday to Tuesday tickets
sold by the Southern Pacific? That will give
you three whole days. Ask any agent. •
The Association x -of Ptoneer Women
of California will'* hold its t monthly
meeting to-day at" 2.p. m. Jn Golden
Gate Hall. The short business session
.will be followed by the usual social
hour.
Association of Pioneer •Women.
' Land of tbe Midnight Sun, Glaciers'
and a thousand islands en route. .Inside
passage. ' Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave. Seattle ? a. m. July 5, 19. Aug. 2,
16. For Information apply . to" Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'s Ticket Offices,. 4
New Montgomery st.~ (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. D. Dunann. Gen. Pas
senger, Agent. San Francisco. . •
Alaska.- Excursions Season 1904.
Building Operations In June.
• During the month of June the Board
of Works issued 197 permits for hew
buildings, to cost $1,286,261. There .were*
sevpnty-two permits for -alterations to
old structures, , costing $186,099. These
figures show/ a decrease from those of
M*ay, when 207 new buildings wer,e pro
jected, costing $1,600,492; and sixty-four
alterations, costing $278,146. There were
215 free 'permits issued. The. sum of
$2394. 50 "was collected in fees. . -
• Fourth of July Rates Reduced.
Week-end tickets told by. Southern Pacific
agents on Saturday,' July 2, will be good for re
turn until Tuesday. July 5. . •
A, fire, broke out In the residence at
112S Eddy street at 9:45 o'clock last
riigtit^ The flames had a! big. "head
way before the department was called
and. before they got to the scene the
building was doomed and is a total
loss. The 'flames communicated to
the adjoining, building. A high wind
was blowing at the time. Mrs. Sarah
Greer is the owner of'the dwelling at
1128. It was occupied by Mr. Gor
man. Loss td building and furniture
is $3000, . .. " . .
Mrs. E. * Kaplln own* the dwelling
at 1126. It was occupied by W, H.
Nolan. The loss to this building and
contents was about $1,500. No cause
as. to the origin of the fire could be
obtained. . •'
Flames Gain Big Headway, Destroy
; iiig. One Building and Practically
:"¦*;'. Raining Another.
FIRJE DOES SERIOUS 1>AMAGE
T : O EDDY-STREET DWELLINGS
PERSONAL.
Judge Antonio Perry of Honolulu is
at. the "California, • . .
H. H.- Morton of.NewlYork is at the
Palace. - ' • .
D. W. Kirkland, a Los Angales drug
gist, is at the St. Francis. • .
Frank T. Patterson, a wealthy Phll
adelphian,.is at the St. Francis.
Dr. H. McGraw of Binghamton, N:
Y., 4s registered at the Occidental.
. Alexander Legare and wife of Wash
ington arrived at the Palace yesterday.
John G. and Ralph W. Owen, promi
nent young lumbermen oX" "Wisconsin,
are staying at the Palace. ':>,
Dr. M. E. Grossman, a dentist • of
Honolulu, who is on his-.way. to the St.
Louis exposition,- is 1 at the Palace..
• Rev. A." J. Bowen and family of Nan
king, China, arrived, from the Orient
yesterday and are at tfie Occidental.
•Baron, and Baroness Erggelete of Vi
enna, who have, been for years in"
the Orient, are registered at the St.
Francis. "'
" Captain J. M. H. Grant of the British
army, who has been serving in_ Austra
lia and is now returning to England on
leave. Is at the Palace. . . .
Mr, and Mrs. H. C\ Butcher of Phila
delphia, ' who have, been- visiting the
Orient, returned yesterday and are reg
istered at the St. Francis*. '
E. W. Gillett, general passenger arid
freight agent of the Salt Lake road, ar
rived from Chicago yesterday on his
way to Los Angeles and is at the Pal
ace. • * &,*/
. Jonathan Bourne Jr.", a capitalist of
Portland, who is prominently identi
fied', with politics in the Northwest, ar
rived with his wife' at the St. Francis
yesterday. -'•.*•"
MRS. CARTER WELCOMED
r r-\ ;>; ;i, BACK TO THE STAGE
Playa "Do Barry" . With Remarkable
• Power and .Is- Honored. With
,. Many Curtain Calls. •
Mrs. Leslie Carter made her reap
pearance at the Grand Opera-house
last night and judging , from - the re
markable spirit and power, of her im
personation of Du Barry had entirely
recovered from her Indisposition. " •
There was a great audience to give
the ¦brillian actress welcome and at
the close of each- act Mrs. Carter was
rewarded with numerous, curtain
calls. ... . > v v-
Mrs. Carter's physician . was in at
tendance behind the scenes during the
performance and expressed himself as
surprised and delighted that his pa
tient was able to go through the
heavy play without the slightest- sign
of i fatigue. • :
Mrs: Carter will repeat • her per-"
formahce of. Du Barry to-night and
to-morrow's matinee. and the evening
performance, which will be her last
appearances here this.season. "
Songs by Colored Students.
The Clafiin University Jubilee Sing
ers from Clafiin University, an insti
tution,'.for negroes at Orangeburg, S.
C.V; rendered . a novel and .excSUeat
programme in the auditorium 'of the*
Young 'Men's Christian Association
building last night. The p'foceeils are
to -go , toward the erection of a" large
building on the . university ' grounds.
The students have j succeeded in' erect*
ing three buildings in tnis wax. The
singers are under -the * direction of
R*ev.. L. M. Dunton, president, of the
university.. ..
Raises Pay of Stenographer. . ; -
• The joint- Supervisors - Committee on
"Police and Judiciary agreed to' recom*
mend an ordinance; raising the salary
of the i stenographer • of the. .Police De
partment: from ~ $100 | to ; $125. ; Before
jinal passage of the ordinance the Po
lice* Commission must agree to pay the
Miss Gertrude Dutton was hostess at
a large dinner party on Wednesday
evening, the guests being the party
who had "done" Yosemlte Valley to
gether. . . S'-y'~j-'
.. Hiss Katheririe Mason, youngest
daugtiter of John Mason, the well
known Marin County pioneer, was
united in marriage yesterday to George
Mortimer Goodaie of Boston. The wed
ding was solemnized at the home of
the bride's father at Alameda Point.
The officiating clergyman w T as.the Rev.
Burr M. Weeden of St. Luke's Church,
San Francisco. The wedding was at.
tended only by the immediate families
of the young, couple. After the wedding
breakfast the bride and. groom depart
ed for a trip through the southern part
of the State.; After visiting the:vari
ous places of Interest they will leave
for a brief visit, at the home of the
groom in Boston. The young couple
will eventually settle in Arizona, where
the groom and his father. Captain
George L.. Goodale, . have extensive
mining interests. . '
One of the most elaborate home wed
dings given in San Francisco for many
years was that of pretty Florence
Hellmaru who last evening gave her<
hand-, and heart into the keeping of Sid
ney Ehrmann in the presence of a hun
dred .friends. Before a shrine hung,
with cloth of gold and decorated with
St. Joseph lilies and yellow daisies the
vows were made, Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
reading -the service.
The hide's robe was of soft white
satin, trimmed with Point de Venise
lace.. 'She wore a lefng tulle veil and
bore a shower . bouquet of orchids in
her hand. She was attended by Mrs. E.
S. Heller as matron: of honor, who -vore
an exquisite white chiffon gown, .with a
large lace hat.
i "Miss Annie Van Nuys of Los" Angeles
and Miss Rene Jacobs "of New York
served as bridesmaids, each wearing
smart frocks of rose-flowered white net
over. White ailk. The groom was served
by Eli Weill. After the reception Mr.
and Mrs. Ehrmann left for their honey
moon trip. Returning after several
weeks, they will reside in this city.
WEDDING BELLS
CHIME FOR TWO
PRETTY BRIDES
.- The parade will consist of Presidio
•troops, N. G. C. troops* Naval* Bat
talion. Independent Rifles, Cara
binferis Italian • Society and .other
.mlli-taTy companies.
Foirrteen additional' bands, have
been engaged -for the occasion.
•; -The committee prepared the fol
lowing for "the Information of the
'^public: . •
.• The- Fourth of July Committee desires to call
.the -attention ;of :the public to the propriety cf
•endeavoring to re«trict the fireworks procured
ihis'yeap for the children to that class of «x
-pl6ciye»' which will not be' dangerous to the
lives and limbs of the young people.
. I For many, years attempts have been made In
•-.eeve.rar • cities to bring about what has been
. d«««igjia.teji as a. "sane celebration of the na
tion's Birthday." In Chicago this year a se
rious attempt was made in this direction, but
with." such a" lack of success that an official
comsnurilcation fr.om-the Mayor's office of Chi
cago states that a copy of the programme of
the. day's celebration could be furnished on
July .G in the -shape of the police and hospital
reports as" to the dead, wounded and missing.
¦ It Is hoped that the Intelligence and good
Instincts of all citizens will do all possible to
prevent the maiming and disabling of the chil
dren. Parents are particularly requested- when
procuring fireworks, to limit the ' selection to
those least .likely tb injure any one, and to
influence all others fo the same end.
• •/ FOURTH OF JULY COMMITTEE,
Tip G. B. Benham. Chairman Press Cpm. '
The lite.rarv committee has com
pleted arrangements, for exercises at
the Alhambra Thea.ter, and 100 voices
will "sing national songs. Richard
Jose will sing his favorite 'song, en
titled "The Sword of Bunker Hill."
TJie .musical talent on the stage will
lead the audience in singing "Amer
ica." Judge Frank J. Murasky will
deliver llue oration, and James C.
Bacigalupi, a graduate of Santa Clara
College, will read the Declaration of
Independence. The stage is being
Handsomely decorated with flags and
bunting and other patriotic emblems.
The music will be excellent, as thje
committee has gone to great expense
In procuring talent.
• TROOPS WILL PARADE.
. ' A-.meeting of the Fourth of July
Committee was held Wednesday night
at the California Hotel. The secretary
stilted, that out of the 250 invitations
•sent to the persons to act as aids to
Colonel O'Connor 175 signified theii:
acceptance •
BIG LIST OF AIDS.
No. person has any more risht to carry a
cfcncealed weapon on the Fourth of July than
he has on any other day; neither has he per
mission, to discharge it within the .confines of
th»-city. 'I desire to put a etop to this prac
tice, .and you are hereby instructed to arrest
any person found carrying a concealed weapon
or discharging firearms of any character within
the rrescribed boundaries of the city during
the Fourth of July holidays.
The custom of discharging plstoln and other
firearms on the public streets of this city or on
about the Fourth of July has become so prev
alent of late years that" even the members of
this department seem to be under the impres
sion that the lawn are /suspended ft>r the time
being, and that 'concealed deadly weapons can
be ran fed and discharged at will, thereby en
dangering the lives of innocent people. " The
rowdy and luxxilum element tRke advantage
of this, which adds greatly to the danger and
annoyance to-, whfch peaceable, citizens are
subjectid. *,- -
Chief Wittman issued an order yes
terday to captains and company com
manders holding them responsible for
the strict enforcement of tiie ordir
nances against the carryim? of con
cealed weapons and the discharging
of firearms within the city limits dur
ing trie Fourth of July holidays. In
his order the "Chief says:
Owing to the danger from lire occasioned
by. the indiscriminate use of fireworks during
the Fourth of July period the F1r« Department
desires to call the attention of property
owners and residents to the ri»ed of using
extra vigilance and care at that time about
their premiees.
•See -that all rubbish and inflammable litter
is 'removed from roofs and yards and space
between buildings, Wet down roofs and yards
Entl around premises several times during day
ar.d keep damp. Attach garden hose to faucet
and have the same in readiness for instant use
in ess: of a small blaze.
AH arrangements for the Fourth of
July celebration have been completed.
The orators are- polishing their elo
quent periods, the singers are nursing
their voices and the small boy Is
boarding- his nickels. Precautions for
the safety of lives and property have
been made with extraordinary care.
The Board of Fire Commissioners,
through Acting Chief Engineer John
Dougherty, has issued the following
notice to the public:
The • board , established a training
schoof for nurses in the 'Emergency
Hospital aeryice.. ;
Mrs. C. "Reed was appointed nurse at
the almshouse at $30 per month.-
The owners of premises at 168, 170 and
.172 Russ street were cited to appear be
fore . the board to show cause why , the
premises should not be* condemned as
unsanitary. . '
Health Officer Ragan recommended
that the Board of Works .establish a
sewer system in the Excelsior Home
stead district. ' ".-¦-. ' /
J..Wrede was appointed night watch
-man at the County :¦. Hospital.
The premises at 111, Prospect place
were 'ordered vacated within ten days
owing to their unsanitary condition.
Drs. W. B. Kearney, M, R. Kennedy,
L. H. Young, C. T. Rasson, F. H. Steb
bens, R. W. Preston, J. W. Gurin,~P.
E. Blber, R. Bine; H. Lissner, J. A. El
lis. R. G. Reynolds, J. K. Hamilton and
A. J. McKinnon were granted diplomas
as internes. fffinmeffiSawSig
Dr. Frank Hart was apointed resi
dent physician at the City and County
Hospital at a nominal salary of $25 per
month, to .succeed T>r. F. H. Zumwalt.
who resigned. The latter received " a
vote o"f thanks for his services in the
past.
Frank Meredith was appointed stew
ard at the hospital at $35 per month.
.The resignation of E. Coffey, apothe
cary at the hospital, was accepted.
E. Kendall, was appointed assistant
chemist in the bacteriological depart
ment at -a. salary of $85 per n^onth. His
old position as chemist's helper paid
$75. ¦ •
Dr. W. Lawlor. receiving clerk at the
City Hospital, had the designation 'of
his office changed to medical supervisor
at the same salary of $100 per month.
. James P. McQuaide, who, as assistant
warden, has not received any salary
owing to a protest by the Civil Service
Commission, was made chief ward ten
der,* a. newly created position, at $123
per mXmth, and Thomas Reardon was
•appointed assistant ward tender.
The board adopted a resolution recit
ing that as the appropriation of $75,400
made by the Supervisors for the City
and County Hospital would result in
the reduction of the per capita for 425
patients and 157 attendants to 34 cents
per day the Chief- Warden be directed
riot to receive any patients in excess of
425. As there are now 436 patients in
the institution the action of the board
means that no more patients will be
i^celved until the number falls below
425. This will work a hardship on the
sick poor as the applicants number
from five to ten daily.
The board appointed Rev. Father
Casey of St. Peter's Church and Rev.'
Mr. Kelly of the Episcopalian diocese
to be officiating clergymen at the City
and County Hospital, at- a -salary of
$100 per month each, in .accordance
with a specific appropriation made for
the purpose by the Supervisors.
• MAKES APPOINTMENTS.
The salary of Health Officer Ragan
was increased from $200 to $265 per
momth and that of .Chief Inspecting
Physician Hassler from $210 to $250 per
month, bnt the officials must pay for
their own transportation. Deputy
Health Officer Levy was made' happy
by an Increase from $150 to $175 per
month.
Of the force of inspecting physicians
Drs. C. H. Glover and D". W. Goodale
were dropped from the roll' and Drs.
H. H. Hanna and W. J. Walsh were
retained.
Dr. C. .F. Welty was appointed as
sistant pity physician, to serve without
salary. .
Dr. J. W. Ward, president of the
board, submitted a statement explain
ing the reasons for the reduction in
the force and the abolishing of the
food department.
Health Officer Ragan filed the fol
lowing report on dairy inspection dur
ing June:
I am pleased .to report that the action oi
your board In dealing vigorously with the milk
and dairy problem has already been productive
of good results. We are at present engaged
with th« Hospital and Health Committee of
the Boar'd of Supervisors In framing aa ordi
nance regulating the conduct of dairies. Pend
ing, this action, rnany of the dairies have begun
the work of cleaning, and It is safe to say
that at least $10,000 has been expended by th«
dairymen of San Francisco In cleaning up their
dairies, and the work is still going on. Many
of the dairymen are proceeding slowly, await
ing tlie action of the Board of Supervisors and
the framing of this particular ordinance.
Dairies whicji but a month ago were officially
rated as. filthy may now be rated as in good
sanitary . Condition, but further rating of the
sanitary condition of the dairies will be post
poned until the disposition of our dairy rules
by the Board of Supervisors. .
The Board of Health yesterday car
ried out its announced intention to re
organize the Health Department so as
to live within the reduced appropria
tion allowed by the Supervisors. In
doing so a number of subordinates lost
their positions. Certain posit'ons were
abolished, others were created in their
stead and several officials were for
tunate in having their salaries raised
notwithstanding the board's repeated
declaration in the resolutions on the
subject that retrenchment, was abso
lutely necessary.
Important among the changes was
the abolishing of the positions of dis
trict health officers held by Drs. Dillon,
Adler and Tillman. Drs. Tillman and
Adler were, however, immediately re
appointed as laboratory-medical assist
ants at a salary of 5125 per month,
or $25 less than they were receiving
as district officers, thus leaving Dr.
Dillon, as the only one removed. '
The food inspection department was
abolished and in its stead a so-called
"laboratory department" was estab
lished, with H. C. Bothe, formerly in
dustrial ch'emist, as superintendent
thereof. Bothe's salary* was raised
from $175 to $210 per month," but he
will have to pay his own transporta
tion. _..:-;
The position of chief food Inspector,
held by W. C. Robertson, was abolish
ed, but Robertson was appointed labor
atory assistant at a salary of $100, or
$2» less than he was receiving.
The positions" of food inspectors were
all abolished, but J. L. Derham and T.
l*ydon were Tetainad as "laboratory as
sistants and apprentices" at $100 per
month, a reduction of $15 in their sal
aries. Food Inspectors D. Reardon, O.
S. Mish, J. .T. Sllvera and F. Murphy
wene dropped from the service owing
to inadequate funds.
Dr. Beatrice Hinkle had her. position
as assistant city physician abolished,
but she was - appointed factory and
workshop inspector, at $100 per month,
in place of James Reavy, . who was
ousted. The position of bakery, bath
and laundry inspector, held by T. F.
Dolan, was also abolished. • .
SALARIES INCREASED.
Fire Department Advises
All Patriots to Exercise
Due Care With Fireworks
Decrees That No More Ap
plicants Can Be Received
at the County Hospital
TO TAKE PRECAUTIONS
PATIENTS ABE LIMITED
Fourtli of July Committee
Completes Arrangements
for the Local Celebration
Makes Wholesale Eeinovals
Owing* to Alleged Inade
quacy of Appropriation
ALL IS READY
FOR GREAT DAY
HEALTH BOARD
WIELDS THE AX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JULY^l, 100J.
7
; AVANT ADVERTISERS .
' IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
* RECEIVE 'FKEE
A SCIENTIFIC TOASTER,
Tlie latest and'most Improved
•article .011 the market for toast-
ing bread, broiling ' oysters,
dams or steaks. V
v „ Can be used on gas, coal or oil
stoves.' -
.GIFTS GIVEN *TO-D AY. '
PRAGEBS .'••""¦ | •; PRAGERS : ' \ PRAGERS ¦ PRAGERS
ibgSg* 1" F j r Qt of a Sefips of Fririav S^Ips fSil ll
D sMH ils2yl*LjS**£a»j».*l *^ •* *~^ All \_1 C-l y K~s C4. 1 V* »3 vkfyghm*tB^^*'i6r^armmmnr*rmy*m**r'y*rm)JW R
|| Bath I Well Worth Watching./ '. 1 DamaskTowels I
TowpU Nothing Ordinary About Thiem— Each i -*.„ s a « io -^* 1
* w¥VdO I »»»•¦¦ * « « .« "'*¦%. • . * II I-1C towels -with* pretty wo- H
1A A "~7T~, J One Will Include the Greatest I p| &^i 1 1
1Oc ZZL2Z^jd Values Possible to Offer | rAMlv ~ Hlt^i
15c towel ever offered. | |-^OR to-day's sale we have one of the largest and most mag- I XJiennail FlUCK, |
ir A , large pure whiteg r nificent stocks of towels ever collected. "We secured them' at m TT/\ii/olc U
\iC heavy bath towel that 8 a S re2L^ ea^ ess than they can be made for, so that you can I * O1VC1S y
sells ordinarily at $2 -;oH readilv see- why these reductions have been manufactured. ' While Kl '. " . M
a dozen. ' ' ' 1 toweb will be the leading feature of this "Friday surprise." Sale jiQr fiLSs**^ to" 1
n H — the whole main aisle being devoted to it — there will be other at- ¦ *- 7V el; s*ize 20x40 inches, g
B IHr* 0UiDlc threaded H^ tractiorts in other departments equally, as good. • B with pretty satin border, that g
H 17 v towel that- sells — *T Tlugij.iiiiijj ijiLJUMf^-Mi»-iB«l*M-«ia8^^ usually sells for 25c. \\
i- at 2 S c each. HUCt TOWelS • * •' •' • A towel similar to one 1
S /*p An* extra large double . ' ¦ * : ¦ -V ?-•??;- :/i " cscri^ e<^ aboVe, with H
H ZJ)C threaded towel, either" HESE are the best wearing makes in the market; -some of them . ¦ a. pretry woven -damask H
I V in white or browivthat- ] , are. in white, others have pretty red b6rders ; either hemmed or fin- i^i"4£SlS^f5l?^ ll
H "sells regularly for $4.00 doz. • jshed. ,:.•". • • * ular $4.00 value. "• •¦ u
I ~*\ An extra good qual- W . .. For a large size heavy huckaback towel * nicely hemmed and " extra heavy soft I
1 ii\C ity bath towel, which **%£** read y f ° r use; 4t -has a pretty red border. This towel has 17\r fin " 5 he d ra (Te7man B
m uujw hasNa price of 50c i|l, never been o^ered m any store in this- city * for. less .than w i v huck towel. siz». 23.x ||
§ ¦ , ' i - .^"^'10c each. •' ..46 inches. .These towels -are |
I mar C '• ; -.- 7c— Well worth 15c each. . • 12 %c— Well woTth 20c. ? . -well worth 5O,cV . |
1 Friday Surprise Specials. lfc^.^1^' • - I! • FOULARD - / |
|| — 2- . . * .V*;.' .r. '* . I ' '^C .Those pretty patterns which H
I rcs 27-inch black taffeta; a heavy >«8 J& tlS^ *^(&^^^ the year. Some beautiful designs are g
m KXf lustrous quality, every yard I S3 M *\m W M WsW Wi $L£> ' tO , f £, at tlus extraordinary 3
g WUV guaranteed. Actually marked J|!a*Arv"il H SL si fef Ir! Wk Wi S H* vaIlie - The regular 65c quality. K
l.- rA A nW arrivalof the most 'de- || " AlJWMfS RELIABLE m rfij his uIous P rice ' . Ncvcr |
¦ Mir sirablc colors in alpaca; some A ; - "." : - ¦•:• • •• • sold i6r less thaft 7 $ c - - ' U
WMS0^$&Z&m, 8^* 1238-1250MARKET ST.^J :^^J™^^ 7lc . |
H reseda, pink, blue »nd cream. The All the Shopping IlMlUCemeiltS That .HoVC ' =5c_Wool challies. worth 40c. t*j
| ,nos. complete assortment m the Mfld e Xhisftpfe PopioT AfC Stfll HCTe. and check si Ik.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
quickly relieved and surely cured by
It acts hke tsajtfe and is absolutely
htrm'tss. " A Trt»l BottU TT—
which will abso"cteJj prove ttaisstate-
Vrrnt sftit for ioc. to p«y postage.
Don't Walt nntil yon hav« a bad casa
* but get it now and have it at band
wbeu nrcdei'. Bj**i-j*B
- . Sold by Is&dlntf druggists.
None genuine without ray slf-tutum
61 u J»rtaco. Street. Now York. * •
g«n4 tor fr«» B~*WH*w t» tnat AimtmaU."
oaatunias hundreds of sssalicttei twrinumi-'- f*
Colds
La Grippe
S Catarrh
:.-• Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
.pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
'.or'j-otir money xeturned. Price,
.¦£0cand $1.00 .per bottle. For
.sale by-all dealers and at office
.of. lialpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
,^28 California St., S. F. t sent by
.rnail or' express. People* cured
¦iccc.of' charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
j : : -'- , \ • •:".
; ;U/.T..HESS, *
¦¦¦¦.-. jfotarr "Public -aa J.. Artorney-at-I.aw.
, "i.tnOi'iloor. K.'ori 1015.' Claus Spreckela bld*.-
¦; •''•• ;¦'. .Telephone Main 9SS. •- " •
;. '¦:.:. ;. : -<v. Residence. 1S02 McAllister «t_
¦;:¦¦¦;.-. .''¦ Reridenc* Telephone. Pace 5641..
and
*.•¦¦•¦.' • '.!'¦' ' " ' ¦ . . .
-'.''."" :t '¦;'. .' •. ¦¦' _ ' " . ." • ¦'„*'.£'
LEAP-INCJ EUSINKSS COI/LEGE OF THE
¦:. -;:-.\.-, •.•-¦-.•"•¦ . WEST; - '
A- O>-rf24 PjSft'rt.: San Francisco. Cal..
;..-t>r*b . *o; rem <*»j>eri eijtlre year.day & night.
¦;'-. r ..V "\";' : 'TVHte-'. for circulaJT <fre<H. j
\ VfiXMEVERINCK ItF^&^W
.':¦ rnx-vcisco: • ¦ r:subii<hed . iws..
• ¦ *Pi*-B*u>uentljr . ; the '.larrwt and b»st
', ; -;«<iM>ppe.<Spehool:.on .the' Pacific Coast — bSfer-
. .¦•¦f/iF'-3.U-,-'thB.- :^<5v8tntae*fl .of. Eastern end
'• ."Kjjroriifajj ¦ .-eoriserysLtpri** for a thorough '
.' ¦.TiiusJril; education.- -Prosp^cnis . upon ap- j
.' ¦¦j>H.ea;ticn."; Visitor*. to .t'he World's Fair. St.
: Vi^oM.i^-.'-ajie.MijvI-tpH.tp :exatnlnie Ihe exhibit
¦¦ ; cl fb«. school. .Ea-jratlonal Bulldlnt CaH-
¦f/jrr.1<: Kchool .ET.hlbtt. . • "
i #w^uart?rs---More Space
. riNEn liOOME, .. • t;-*..
. . ; Jtirt. rtneved- :(ntt> our new rooni»: netr flre-
: J.rocf : .tuU4irtif.. . 3-.elevator«; electric lights.
; '-.«t*»n;. fc«at.- Do.rnore' for atudenta than ever.
:. fe'rore.;.- This \:iu\ Xh«- coliepe that 'aeciirea ao
•-rnsBy-pctlttona.. ¦.;'¦'¦• ; ;. -¦'.¦. .*' *
; Sain Francisco Business Coliege,
r : -': :;: : : y'?:*r*iS '..Mitalon 'si..- Near -Third. - : .- .' ;
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEmV,
vfeofrdirjp >nd- flay-. Bcho>)l -for- boys' uhdrr- 15 vrr,
yi " nil»T1>p ) m.liiiw in a. HfOlCD-IT. Aug "lst,.
'-7&?i : . :.i i end.'.fcr'."p^D*fte<;tus' to ; Bro.-- .G-enebcrn..
V LO | cnif, : i, shi .- bookkeepins, ehprthand. ! a>:-
rilCilliCC : . V h ¦'•¦ *"'8:. eb raV «c.. Ct»q Strvice. I
tUMntOO . : IndivlduaJ InstTuetioh.. 'Posltiona-1
i-itii'i . «- ' t6fr graduates. -6 mo.- (day). $45- '
CO Lt» GE : « wo- <"* <lay). *3O; Eve.. School.
:. V" 1 "- '"¦ ¦ : « "^nP-.-.tS*. 11«J Market, cor. ; 7th.
Jflffi;bcock Militafy 'Acadeniy ¦
:'¦'¦ -J -:.- '<'''¦ 'SAS' RAFAEL. CAU • ". . '"
"" •«*: . V. ***riLL REOPEN*^:n Aujrust 16. ' -¦ ' •'
, ."'¦••¦¦ ".' "¦'"' ' AfcP'y ' to the Princljfcj. ¦
' "*B"T _____¦-__ *x^. TT_11 " E> ""'Pare-i for
lliUllZiUllllQ UUll^^^ox-
PALO ALTO, CAL. igSi.
•' J*?*l i fis. > «.' : — . ' .. >n «nroliment ot
K^.TirO rrVIO^ . 450 etudenta tell*
' »..-. J — \**k th « "ftory of our
' AoMSl *^^XJ^ success ;new build-
. . (Ullc t\ C/ -wholesome collet*
~m A ,y~£ ~^ " We" Catalogue,
. P25 Golden Ca.tea.ve... B. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
• Boarding and day school for young Ia.dle« and
' IHtle rirls. ili6 Calirornia street. Will reopen
Atitust 1. 1904. Accredited- to the univera'itles.
REV. EDWARD B. CHU.BCH. A. M. PrlndpaL
j ¦ _
OPTICIAJTS TASN 510 A DAT. •
Individual lnitructlons; a!«o
j^prj^ySy*^ ma:: course. Call or write for
Or^/ZS&e&a Pro»i.ertus. CUSE OPTICAL.
KJ/SS^^ INSTITUTE. }KZ Market «t..
6. F. Eyea examined- free.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
:•; '; ... : : :'¦ EAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior echool separate*. 'Kail term' begins Aur>
1~- 'ARTHUR CnOSBT. D.X>.. Head Master..
¦ . Market' SW S. Fv
ANDERSON' ACADEMY^
IUVIXGTON. CALIFORNIA. -
Holds ri^-emiacntiy the confidence "of iU pa.
trona and the loyalty. o» lu puplla
WILLIAM WALKER AXDgBgoA. Princlpalv
UnSTT'v b T Bln " Au *" 9th: Jarte» and
N I I I *1 6tron *^*' taculU' than *ver;
' II W I I I "W perfect aanltatlon: lllut-
trated • catalcirue. W. J"
-MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menio Par*. Cat
THE UlfflVEH.SrTT SCHOOL,
"2310 CLAY STEEET,
Will ¦ KEOPKN on Aucust 1 with "
BERT X. TUCKER. M. S..
t '. • • Principal. «
COLLEGE OF HOTEE DAME
SAN JOfc'E. CAL. Exclusively for board'nir
ctudentc. Fifty-third year. Courses : Claa«icaL
Literary, acientlfic, • Conservatory. College
preparatory accrtClttd. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Clastse*. ttudice resumed Tuesday Aur-
UM 2. J0G4. '
HALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦ Ktanf<Td UrJveraity— Boys and young men
j.ri'pared ror . Stanford. Berkeley lor Eastern
colleges. Kxceptlonal Advantages In Modern
Lanruaj'i and Higher Mathematics. Fall term,
brgins Aacu«t. 22. For catalogoe addreai
liAYNABD ElUPLXY, Palo Alto. CO.
ADVXBT1SE2LENTS.
July .£,2^ A 3£? . • -wv
. open evenings jtf^&^z^ im!IK /£\\
and alf day Sunda^^^^^X^ I « //\
V California
\^^^m m Company 1
\'^r % H Q 219 Front St
— - . . - * .•
Sec Both
World's Fair Cities
"In going .East yoy should visit both Chicago and •"
• St. Louis. Only $72.50 to Chicago and return ; only
$72.50* to Chicago and return, one' way via Kansas
• • Qty .arid St. Louis. Tickets good on The Overland
• Limited Qf the .Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and . r
the' ' • ¦ • ¦ >£
Chicago, MilwauKce & St. Paul
Railway.
: V Dates of sale— July 1, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14; 'August
8, 9,10, 18., 19; and September 5, 6, 7, 8. Good for
return .for 4 90 days. ' JH|
Leave San Francisco 10 a. m. or 6 p. m. Tourist
sleepers on 6 p. m. train.
Tickets— 635 Market. 'St., San Francisco.
._¦"'.". ... B*B C. L. CANFIELD,
¦i: . . General Agent.THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
\)HN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor / .; « ;.... v « ; .> Address All Coaimanications to JOHN McNAUGHT^ Manager
Publication Office .... ..'. ..".......•... .-Third and Market Streets, S.F.
friday .........:.......'....................:.. .>.:¦. .¦..¦;,¦.............»..., ...:.'. ..,.- july 1;. 1904
• Tft-e Chinaman is the embodiment of
the buslnesa spirit, -and the* established
principles of frame permeate even the
soldlej ranks. The secret of China's
inglorious military career, in- recent
years Is that tKe rank and file- had not
been paid. The Chinaman's ruling pas
sion fo'r business displayed Itself in the
war with Japan. A general in the Jap
anese army told me that after the 'first
fire from Jiis regiment of Infantry the
"Chinese "troops" arrayed against him
disappeared; like a mist. Not long
thereafter they reappeared In the r<;ar
of his armV; retailing vegetables to his
soldiers. * Nevertheless, he was confi
dent,* "there "was no lack o'f bravery
among these thrifty deserters. Inquiry
'developed that they had' not been paid
their wages," and that they lived In no
expectation that their _ miserable- cash
allotment as heroes would ever come
their way.; When they. could coin an
opportunity into profit, the alternative
— of inglorlouslv facing the firing line
without pay— naturally failed ; to kindle
martlal^zeal.— Harold Bolce in the July
.Booklovers' Magazine.
A. Mercenary Soldier.
THE -CALL raised an early warning against the un
checked violence that early appeared in the stable
men's strike. Up to this time more than a score
of assaults* have been committed upon non-union work
ingmen,.and most of-the- victims have- been severely in
jured,- some of them are permanently impaired in their
capacity to earn a living, and one has suffered perhaps
permanent brain trouble by being "brutally kicked on tlie
head when he had fallen insensible from blows.
'Identification and proof the most direct failed to pun
ish one of the men arrested . for one of thes*c outrages.
A jury found him not guilty "in the face of proof that
was unimpeachabJe. This absolute and sinister sur
render of the law and paralysis of its functions only em
boldened the mistaken men who have been raiding the
town: On Saturday night a group of them, reported to
.be five in number, attacked two workingmen and felled
one to the sidewalk, and it is said fired at the other, who
returned the fire, killing one of his assailants. The blood
of'the" dead .man Js not upon the head of the man 'who
only defended. himself! It is upon the heads of the jury,
which gave immunity, to violence and "outrage by its ver
dict of acquittal in. a similar case," and it is upon every
man whose duty it is to enforce the \faw and" who has
negUcted that duty. - '
Immediately following this tragic culmination to th
immuriity given to; disorder was a cowardly assault' up
on a non-union freight handler of the Southern 'Pacific
THE EXPECTED HAPPENS.
The first American, warboat built in the Philippines
has been -launched in Manila Bay, and will do, patrol
duty on the rivers, and inland waters of the islands.
Let us hope that Uncle Sam may never be compelled to
construct another and may he be ready soon to sell
this. ;
¦ More than. 7Q0 persons were killed
by lightning" "irt the "linked States in
1:9.02. / A. writer in .t"he. Boston Tran
serjipt" says: '"East of the 100th me'r-
Idjan- thunder storms occur al} over
the country, .but west of it, except- in
the Rocky "Mountains, .the frequency
of storms diminishes until on the Pa
cific Coast therfe are practically none.
The greatest number of storms occur3
in Florida,, in the Middle Mississippi
Valley and the. Middle Missouri Val
ley. The greatest number. of deaths
in any single State (1896 r 1900) was
186 — in Pennsylvania. Ohio "came
next with 135, Indiana and Illinois and
New York having 124 each. Ab to the
city and country, the more dense the
population the smaller the rate to the
l,000;00fl ot population. Besides this
the. metal roofs, telegraph wires, etc.,
of the cities serve as conductors.
Lightning rods, as usually put up, are
of no use. A tin , roof with gutter
spouts leading to the ground Is much
more -effective. Barns with green hay
seem' to' invite lightning! ' '.
Death by'. Lightning.
Cuthbert Hidden, the* - biographer,
writing ir * the . Fortnightly Review,'
eays he has heard many.' 'suggestions
that there should be a tax on novels In
order to cfceck the ever-increasing flood
of romantic rubbish that pours forth
here as persistently as It seems to in
the United - State*. Mr. Hadden exj
presses the opinion, however, that an
Imposition of this kind would be of
no service. "No tax,"^ be asserts/
J. M. Barrie Is not • overf bnd .of pre-"
jsiding 'tX dinners, but his well -Known"
enthusiasm Avtx c'ricke't woulfl not perv.
mit .him" to refuse* to' occupy the -chair*
at the. banquet . glven'.the 'other eve'nlng
to the tcan»i.hat tV'as victorious at 'the
Antipodes. -In the course cT'hls brief
speech Mr. Barrle-declared that '-cricket
v.as undoubte/Jly the most divine jjame
ever^invented by. man, and said-<he
thought the man Who invented it did" a
bigger thing than the 'man who wrote
VHamleL'". "Indeed," the author went
on. "It v.-as*not certain that the same
man" had nof done both. He 'probably
invented the game durmg that year
or two when Sidney Lee did not
seem to know what he wai about." *
There ""seems no chance,. -unluckily;
that- the house' in'Wandsworth, another
tsuburb of London, where George EHot"
once lived, will be available soon as a
literary "shrine." It is -about to be
marked, however, with "a commemora
tive tablet stating that, the authoress,
made her home there, during 1859 and
18C0. ; This- house— "Holly Lodge" it is
called— v.'as visited often- by both Her
bert Spencer and Charles Dickens and.
it was -.there- that .".The Mill; pn the
Floss" was- written/; In" the- -garden
*tan£s a tree planted by; George Eliot,
¦H.bgartiCe.' l?puse.'at Chjswjckilin : the
FUbCi"rt>s 'of :I>6h3on,;:haB been. opened to
the. public Jlisf.ln ;tfme--to perniit'^tHe
j^rrny-'cf AmfricaTi.Tisltors. this/year .to.
list .of literary
fcttiines-'ln -EnsJandi that : our country
men"'seldom miss visiting. • . Hogarth,-
wlios* London 'house, destroyed years
ago, etood" in Leicester" Square, ussed
• the Ctrtsivick -.cottage as a summer
home. ..Visitors -aiir be able to see his
Krave t too. which is in the cemetery
near by. •-.¦••.'•
* ¦':':¦*. '. •¦••
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
B HENRIETTA STREET, ' COVEjMT
GARDEN. . LONDbN, June . 16.—Al
though everybody knows that Bernadin*
de S£." Pjerre was fap from an ideal
character, "one would have expected the
cuth.or cl "Paul and Virginia" to make,
fct'all- events,, impassioned
]<ive.r. -And this;. ' eVeh at f}fty-six,
when hp. was 1 courting" his twenty-j-ear
old.nancoe".. FeHcite; for that was only
half a.- dozen- years after the publica
tion et hia. f ambtis • ibv'e-stcry. But SL
Pi frrels. letters "td his betrothed, which
have Just come- to; ligbt in- Paris, con
tain- Mr tie.- "of the' stuff of which "Paul
end. Virginia". "was made. Their tone is
almost as unimpasEioned as if the au
thor .'had : '-b'een writing- to- the merest
friend. -thpu'^h' it is possible the fact
that *he.;fair;.one- was the daughter of;
St. PJeiT^-s -publisher' had something to
So witht'iis.." "I Jay ia'side an important
memoir/': he" begin? -pne epistle,- conde
>ce"ndingly.", '."in order to answer at once
your kifld letter." and In' absolutely
no.ne^t'f-.rris injssives does the author of
<Dne'.-of/:'.thfr.. most' ¦ beautiful of Jove-
Eto.ries. '-.feaHy.- "le't himself go." He
epends.a lot; of time, -however, in assur
¦[nghls '¦ ladv-lpve that the difference iir
i-helr ages really. /matters little.' • "Soc
i ale's,"/ he' says.- /' was older than I
vKen'.^e. .married, a' yojlxig woman, and
he- had>ci-<?n two. fives' at .one time.
iff t'er.ihf k ; ust«m of the country. Sena-
.was very
'diri^^it'ln^V^*';?^ much in. love
|i^^^t3^i^|t'^%b'eftrhe committed puI
tide; she. djd • not- %vjsh- to. survive him.".
leaves'
pft xjuothig : E-plctetU5-^of .all: people — to
c<arol?ijm>7 "Ohi^ "tyfciat'- .a; wonderful, book
¦^ ; Sreture:!';:-\. : V^^ ¦;'•;.. ;-;¦.;>••' : - •'/ -.
• ¦; He •Is- -material /enough,' -too,- .in his
many instriictifihs' tt>; his-F.ancee • as to
lipw;\Bh£ niky >rierit -.iriore completely
Iii* devotion.. • Excessive embonpoint is.
Jh«5=-.teiis; her, : <Jistasteful" : -.to him.- and
Jhe'aiEks 'her-, to ay/>id. it by'-eatlng less!
JTp'r:-ls.- n*r Ep'elling"^^^Tiat it might be,
"Sn v grace,''.-. h>'<?5-s,' she- ghould. write
.'fjrfeskifig '^•a.^favor.i.aria no'f : "«n grasse."
¦Stir- cestiiDie : ; iaiso^ ¦ te<luh:es "'• regulation: :
Her- "cb€'ttuT<''-' : --c«."uses people. 4.O. turn-
Tovnd -t-b -look. at':.h*r and -she Ehould not
Viear{;'h»r. ' wtt.hout. powder
•togethep;-with : red shoes, and ; a;yeHow :
:necke"rthi<!f--^..-.y.^:V' : . '¦-. '¦.'¦¦'.¦ '. :
c ,'Biir f hen It.;alwaj'»!has' been beilevefl
that. .-. ; f>t. ¦'..; Blfxi. e " was -"morfe-.-br.- less
:;crsLck*d:>* Both. his ; son and bis.broth
' rpad,. ¦;'..- He' : jif«»:. : as an
; ar^y-JioifHiir .'prti-f prelgn ' jieryice;- but .at
tiiirty«n.v.e .was tsicked.-' oai: .of. the .feer-.
\-ice, ;«iid-;t.urn^xl '• tip in Fari& w| thout >;
crtt : ia 'his.' packets,'. -He" had
?ver. .and the. publication' of .iw& topflib'
on..-^ie stvd>* -of •-Nat'J.re, J<ept ."him'out;
.-ojf th'e " poorhcruse Uiitli^. w'heh" !his.' •years'
•i..'um.'bered.half-. : a" cen-tiir-jr, the bojcrkap^
.pear&]:ib&t'mzJtiie::liLlm • ¦p'orld. iatndui'
pn.rl < -It:is;j;ald,- .brought ¦ him. pfters of.
marriage, from half .the .n<aidVn..1adles.
.ot r -the r^a.t. world fpf. Parish' .it is .said
ihar the nnf 6rtunate' : gtrl .to whoni; hie
itroH^'hls! chiil.lyrVibYe letters'* hfi'fiyent-"
Tpecjal CtrrespGDdence.
London Book World.
After .her protege's' marriage .to Shaw
"Grannie" relented and eventually
made her hqrije with the young couple.
One day she met with a bad accident,
and fearing -that Ehe was going to die
called Mrs." -Shaw to her bedside and
told her -that she had a confession to
make which had long lain hea^y on her
conscience. She said that she had'de
ceived the girl as to their relationship
and was not her grandmother, or any
kin -to' her. Her father, ehe declared,
•was a wealthy man and lived at Eccles,
near Manchester. Prior to his marriage
anothe'r woman who had abundance of.
money was deeply in love • with hiift.
To "be revenged on him and her suc
.'cesEfu} rival she took"- advantage of
their absence at the races to steal their
child, • "You- are- that child." said Mrs.
.Payn»v"and the woman Vho stole you
gave me £.900" to carry you away a*id
.bring .you up.*.' ""•
• 'Sirs. ..Pay-rie did not die, .however, un
til long.years afterward, and. meanwhile
Mrs.' Shaw told her husband' nothing of
the confession, fearing-'tha't it .would
turn, him aga.inet the *old woman, 'to
• had become greatly at
tached. It' was not; in fact, until she
herself was near, death that she repeat
ed; the- strange story 'to her husband.
-.Whatever, others may think- of It, he' is
.convinced that It is true and is- leaving
nost<jne unturned to get at the facts
.of 'his'dead'.wif e's parentage". - -. ""- : -
HEADQUARTERS OF TtfE.CALL,
C HENRIETTA STREET; COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON. June 16.— It is a
queer quest' which Robert Shaw of
Grimsby has undertaken and which, by
advertisements In the newspapers of
this country, he beseeches all and-sun
dry who have any knowledge of the
matter to assist him. He wants to find
out 'who wereith*e parents of the little
girl "with light blue eyes, light flaxen
hair and a fair skin" who fifty-one
years ago was kidnaped from her home
near Manchester. His own particular
interest lfcs in the fact that this little
eirl subsequently became -his wife.
That was thirty-six years ago. and last
March she. died. Now that he has lost
her Shaw has set himself the task of
discovering: who she was and establish
ing her identity. That there is some
romantic mystery connected with" her
early life seems certain, but after such
a long lapse of time it Is extremely
doubtful if he wHl succeed in unravel
ing it. r,' ¦; '..-.: : :" : ;
"When he first made her acquaintance
she. was an attractive laps of 17 years'
and living: in Hull with a mature
.widow, Mrs. Payne, whom she had been
taught to call "Grannie." Mrs. Payne
was strongly to the girl's'mar
riage to young Shaw, hinting -myste
riously that If she came by her own
6he 'might some day wed a lord. His
sweetheart told Shaw that she could
distinctly remember when she was a
very small- child playing In a beautiful
garden in -front of a big house with
stone steps. Suddenly a dark woman
leaned over, the wall and offered her
some candy. When she stretched out a
hand to take" It the stranger grasped
her and pressed- a handkerchief over
her face. The next thing she remem
bered was being In a train with "Gran
nie." -¦¦•¦.' ¦¦•}.;:
tDcath Holds the Secret.
Special Cor^spondence,
"would restrain a novelist who was
.assured of the ultimate success of his
own work. As matters stand at pres*
ent the publisher may quote him a bill
of $400 for. the production of a $1 50
novel. that $100 more were
to be added by. way of a tax, would,
that prevent the publication of the
author's story? Not a bit of it. The
$500- would be paid as cheerfully as*the
$100 by a writer vho expects to get it
all back, and something more; when
the merits of his novel have at last
dawned upon a generally ur.discerning
public." . HAYDEN CHURCH.
We, cordially join. .Mr. Ehrich in wishing that the
Democratic party will reach that high illumination and
exalted state of courage. Then.it would present a defi
nite issue on which the country could pass. It merely
.follows, the Republican party, either wholly adopting its
principles," dr. hiding in their shadow and making its
campaigns upon personalities, or on artifices which
mean nothing. All men admit that, there are two
definite, antithetical and exactly antagonistic economic
policies, protection and free trade. There is no middle
ground, no half-way house. If free . trade is ever to
prevail in this country it must be by a campaign made
openly, as Richard Cobden made his fight in England.
The attempt to make a sneak on the people will never
.succeed." If the country is to have protection,. it demands
it from the Republicans, the party of protection.
That part of the St. Louis platform will be awaited
with some interest, for' the people want to see how com
pletely the Democracy can put on a mask.
THERE is evidently a feeling that is not confined
to his immediate supporters that Mr. Hearst still
stands a chance for the St. Louis nomination.
There is a palpable falling off in the fervor for Parker,
His support in New York has weakened, and Bryan's
influence iti several Southern States has been strong
enough, to prevent the direct instructions that Parker's
friends expected. The other avowed candidates, except-
Hearst, have no prospect- of the convention,'
and at present the outlook seems to be Hearst or <a
dark horse. •
The convention will lack the presence of many of the
strong men of national' reputation who- were in .the
councils, of the party prior to 1896. The neocr^cy is
more" in evidence than the. element which led from the
close of the Civil War to the end of Mr. Cleveland's
last term. While it is claimed that the reorganizefs will
control the convention, there is no prospect that they
will be logical and .adopt the gold Democratic platform
of 1896, with such few changes as events make necessary.
Major Watterson is, the leading newspaper exponent of
reorganization,' but Kentucky turned him down, with
considerable violence. His position is illogical, since he
persists in repudiating Cleveland with a vigor that is
hardly second to the zeal of Mr. Bryan' in the same
work. He sees in Cleveland the same, qualities which he
imputes- to Roosevelt, and regards them both as danger
ous to; the republic.
Watterson is skilled in scenting danger to the' republic,
and if he be' a true prophet we are already deprived' of
most of our liberty, and Cleveland and Roosevelt are
about to strip us of the smaller xeroainder and put the
tatters and remnants up at auction in rag fair. He seems
to" have no choice for the Presidency, but is unusually
skillful' in proving that every other man's- choice is dy
namite in the cellar of the Temple of Liberty. If one
may judge by what he says he would support MayKDr
McClellan the most cheerf ally, in the belief that the
Goddess of Liberty might survive his nomination.
The platform is to be the matter of most interest in
the convention. The free traders recently held a con
venticle in New York to celebrate the birthday of
Richard Cobden. They rang the tocsin to call atten
tion to the surrender of the Democratic party, to protec
tion, and proceeded to devise ways and means 'to rescue
and put it in the line of free trade once more. The
notable address was delivered by Mr. Louis Ehr|ch of.
Colorado.. He denounced protection as "An insidious
scheme by which favored beneficiaries are . permitted to
pick the pockets of # the community while the Govern
ment holds the victim down and prevents rescue from
the outside." He mourned excessively because "A dis
tinguished citizen df New York who has lavished mill
ions in the purchase of art treasures is debarred from
importing them into our country because the Govern
ment -would fine him excessively for bringing' to the re
public what would be more precious to "us than all the
wealth of the Indies."
That distinguished citizen is Mr. J. Pierpont Mor
gan. If he is able to lavish millions on art in Europe,
common sense would say that he should be able to con
tribute to the revenues of his own country by paying the
tariff on his collections. It is evident that,. while Ihe St.
Louis convention, will pretend to commit the party to
protection, its denunciation of the Dingley tariff will
get all of its vigor from the sentiment of free trade. If
the party ever get the power to make a tariff, its con
ditions will' be dictated by the free traders. O • .:
Mr.'Ehrich concluded his address with, this: "If" the
Democratic party had the manly courage that is born
of conviction, and the practical wisdom which flows
from ihe highest lessons of human experience, it would,
in its coming national convention, adopt one; single
plank'which would read: 'The Democratic party favors
the total and immediate abolition pi every tariff duty,
and the introduction of absolutely unrestricted freedom
of 'trade- with the nations of the world.'"
THE DEMOCRATIC' OUTLOOK.
ToTmsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic nre-etche<J boxes. 715 Market St.-
JnformaUon supplied' dally to
5^.- ?Mi^°i Uses^ and ubllc men by th«
f?V!5 Bureau iAUen's) 230 CaU
lfornia .treet. -TelephonV Mala 1943. • '
California's delegates to the Democratic National Con
vention started on their mission in solemn "silence. Hand
icapped as they are. they probably feel the: awful respon
sibility of mingling with the great representatives of
their party at St. Louis and pleading for a 'cause already
lost The 'delegation,* judging from its departure; should
be a sight '.worth seeing on its return. . . • •
. 1 ;
Europe has • one reigning sovereign
who is not only the owner of a news
paper, but likewise Its'-»iltor and prin
c.'pal .editorial, i>r leader, writer. The
sovereign . in question . f« the reigning'
Prince of Montenegro, and . the", paper
which he.'owr^ and eaits, and in which
he writes, is the "Glas Cznogorca" (The
Voice of the Montenegri- * it is the
only newspaper- published in Monte
negro, the Prince tolerating no com
peti'. rt in this particular branch of
industry, and as it enjoys the monopoly
of advertisements as weH as of news,
it is a prolific spurce of revenue to the
Prince." R is carefully. read by all the
t - reign dip' . -riats :aecredIt/> to the
Court of . Cettinje.": and, thanks 1n a
measure to them, the outer world ha,
'A Royal EtLitcr.
The splendid labor oi the Pacific Commercial Museum
in exploiting and extolling the advantages of San Fran
cisco; as a great trading port for the entire "Pacific is al
ready bearing good fruit.- Serious letters of- inquiry, so
widely scattered as to come from Bolivia, China. New
Zealand and Japan, are being received and it begins - to
look as if we are to reap that reward that cQmes to him
who loqkY out for himself. A good beginning argues -a
sterner chase for What is legitimately our own.
WHITE SPOTS -a correspondent
who a few day)j since r"ead the answer
in this department about white spots
on finger, nails writes from visalia on
this subject; . ."Having read your an
swer in The Call about white spots oa
the nails of the hands J wi 3 h to. say to
the readers of^-the query column that
the white spots stand for cold or In
flamed lungs. If a person catches cold
and It locates in the throat, white spotg
w|ll appear high on the finger
nails and stay there «mtil' the
nails grow out and the • spot
Is removed by cutting. Such spots
"Ji 116 , 1 ? 1 kand lm « cat e an affection
of the left lung and on the right hand
<* the right lung. This Is not super
stition; but can be verified by one af
fected with- spots on the finger nails.
You are right, they cannot be removed
until they grow out." (
" INDEPENDENT CANDIDATES.— P.
B. J., Oakland. Cal. This department
has not been able to find any precedent
for an Individual placing himself be
fore the public as an independent can
didate for President .of the United
States. If an Individual, wished to do
sa he would undoubtedly have to be
guided by the laws of each State as
for Instance In California he w.ould have
to secure the nitmes of a stated number
of the voters /jf the State before he
could get representation on the ballot
MATTER-. OP -HISTORT.-Student.
City. If you will go t6 th« Free" Pub
lic Library" and spend a short time
reading up the histories of the United-
States you will find the Information
you desire about the settlement of dif
ferent States by whites.". This depart
ment cannot give space to the great
number of question's asked on this sub
ject. .-
.COLORS (XF THE" FLA.G-R.' M.,
City. The .meaning of- the colors of
the American, flag are: Red; courage,
or daring; white, purity; blue. Justice,
or fldelity4 Another explanation Is:
Red. . love; white, purity, and blW
truth.
THfiPRESIDENT.- 7 Subscriber.'Al«>
meda. CaL . there is no .law that pro
hibits " the 'President of the •Rnited
States from leaving the te'rritortai lim*
its of the" country during his term of
office. • • •. • •
WADDING. ANNJVERSART— O. 8 ;
City." The fortieth anniversary of a
wedding is called -the v ru'by" wedding.'*
JiURAt, CAOFORNIAN.— Mrs. M.
B., Folsom. Cal. The fcnral Cailfor
nlan is published in La? Ang(»le3. •
*V O. B.— Subscriber;:- Oakland. Thi
initials F. O.'B. is a commercial t#rra'
for "free pn board." *. . " . ¦"¦"¦•
T Ansiv}rs to Queries.
On "¦ a wind-swept mesa he finds a :
wild" flower Df Home, native beauty, .but
insignificant in", size, -and,' in the. main,'
uncomejy." He- takes this flower and
"gives It. a new life,- increases its size,
doubles its vigor, hastens .its. spring-'
time .appearing;! or, if it suits him. -he
; transforms' it ¦ .utterly, producing '- a
i flower .unlike anything wilich'has- yet
' blossomed.' He finds "two" trees, neither
one, to' his, mind, filling its true' place" in
: the. world— he joins them and psaduces
a nevr tf ee posse'ssing the. best, of both.
One such tree he has made which Is
hew the most rapidly growing, tree'
I known in' the 'temperate zones of the
world and .pne "oi the most prolific of all'
ihi t - produc I n g ' trees.
He take* a small, unpalatable fruit,
inferior in size and lacking' in nutrl
tiori, arid makes it over into another
fruit, large, rich, toothsome,, beauti
ful. A little daisy, small and imper
fect, appealed -to him one day and he
developed th.2 "lnsignlflcarit flower into
one several inches In. diameter He
takes a flower with a large, showy,
"bloom, a handsome creature among its.
more delicate companions, but hav
ing an offensive odor, and gives, to it
a delicate, -*frac~ant scent. ' He has
changed the hue .of the yellow poppy
into silver or a-methyst or ruBy. He
has driven the pit from the plum and
filled its -place with substances rich,
Juicy and sweet. He created a wal
nut with far thinner shell— so' th.in,
indeed, that the hungry birds could
perch -upon the- branches, drive th'eir
bills • through it and rob the nuV of
Its meat. ' This- would -not. do and he'
reversed the process and bred back
until he" had a nut of Just the right
.shell thickness. • Incidentally he drove
the tannin frojtn the walnut and has.
left 1-he meat almost as white as snow.
— From "A M^ker of New: Plants and
Fruits ; " : by W. S. Harwood in the July
Scrrbner*s:. •' ' . .-' .
i have met recently hi a littl* vine
mantle'd cottage, not far "from .the Pa
cific, a remarkable .man. -known .to ex
perts throughout the country and-be
yond,, yet one of the least known to the
general public.' Luther Burbank has
evolved more extraordinary, and, . in
deed, "more marvelous plant -Jife than
any other man.: "Without the training
of the college or the university; "he yet
leads in one of the. most subtle and
elusive, one of- the "most" -complex "and
baffling departments of modern re
search. * «}i-Vi . : ¦ "
The Wizard Bnrbank,
size. '¦ — ¦ - ¦ • . • '
The elephant both bulk and strength
• . -combines,- '
But isn't built on strictly "racing- lines.
The d«nkey*s friends thus figured on the
- » 5 dope.
And . cheered each .other— they had
grounds for hope. • '.'.•>.
After touch Jockeying the race began.
The elephant quite clearlyin the van.
He kept his lead. He 'ambled round the
• track, " • -
Nor' wasted any time in looking back.
And thus.. to tlje tllree-quarter post he
sped."- • • ¦'-.. •'-.
A dozen elephantine lengths- ahead. - ..•¦¦•
"When, feeling. that there -was no further
rieed, ' " • - - .
H« slackened up a trifle -fa hla speed. .
"Go it, you- donkey!" yelled -his "friends.
"He's- beat! . "•••
Now crotvd him. Put more ginger. in
your feet!."*
The ; donkey heard. He made a final
• spurt. : . \
HIS flying hoofs -now fairly spurned the
dirt." : •
Along the homestretch now. lyithout a
•check.. . * - - .1
He sped, and- soon the two -were neclc and
neck." • ' .
They geared the wire.-' Then, 'mid, de'af
' • erilng cheers, =
The donkey suddenly thrust out his ears.
But that' blamed elephant, with all hia
fitrerjKth, . •; . . • . — • '
Shot out his trunk -and* beat him by a
>, length. — Chicago Tribune.
It fell- out in a> Certain year of gxa.ee.
An elephant and donkey- ran a race.
The people gathered thene, from far. and
near, ••
A few' to bet, but more to see and cheer.
An odd race, truly! .For the larger beast
Outweighed the other fifty times at least.
But what of tha't? The donkey, said the
wls£. '. • *
Makes up in swi/triesa what he lacks In
The Race.
THE pioneers of the State of Washington have just
met at Seattle' and '.. celebrated the twenty-first an
niversary of the formation /of their association.
Last week the Fresno County pioneers held at Fresno
their first annual reunion. To be a member of thd
Fresno County organization it is necessary to have re
sided in Fresno County twenty years. There were sixty
pioneers of Fresno at banquet. The Washington pio
neers had several hundred members at their gathering. • .
Among the Washington pioneers- are. the Rev. Myro'n .
Neels, who' first saw .Washington in 1848, and Mrs.
Nancy Bogart of Renton, who -settled, in Washington ' in
the same year. .Many influential persons belong to the
Washington: pioneer association^ The Fresno society
•includes the leading- people of the county.' Both bodies'
are, therefore, representative. - "."¦"".' - : .:
The two gatherings must suggest to the reflective the
wide divergence between the past and present and the
existence of two types of pioneers; in the veins of both
of which runs good American blood and in the brains of
whom are the American- characteristics of pluck, enter
prise and persistence. The pioneers of the State of
Washington, like the pioneers of California, came to a
new country. Theirs was the mission to founjl a new
commonwealth and to add to the Union ah imperial
State. They, began primitively, defending upon the nat
ural resources in gold and other products in which the"
Pacific slope abounded. Those who were not miners
were farmers or traders"' to a large degree. They ca"me"
to a land of possibilities of which they had little early
conception. Knowledge came slowly, ushering in": a
new era with deliberation. - ..
' Dreaming "the years away under, soft skies; the lands,
of the Mediterranean reveled in their centuries t>ld her
itage of vine-clad and fruit-dowered fields, jo then
dwellers the Pacific Coast of the United States seemed
as remote and its territory as much a terra incognita as
was the great Northwest when the poet -• wrote his
sonorous line about "the wolf's long howl from. Oonoo-.
laska's shore." ' i?.^v " • : . -
It fell to the lot'of the earliest pioneers of: the Pacific -
Coast to tell to the world that here they' had found -an
empire in extent and affluence. It was' the destiny oi the
later pioneers, those of Fresno County, whose member
ship needs to run back only twenty" years, for its gene-'
sis, and of their fellow workers in niany places,.. to pio
neer the way for new industries, that should - amaze
France, Spain and Ijaly, by planting greater vineyards
and more extensive orchards, competitive with foreign
lands. *• • . ¦ "-- ,';-/• . • =
Which, type- of pioneer performs the- greater service
to mankind— : tho one that dares all t6 .seek- gold, or a.
new home across deserts and mountain -ranges; or by",
voyaging over stormy seas and founds a' State, or the
one that, finding unpromising areas in. which all agricul
tural endeavor would seem to be experimental, Je.ads the
way to make 'arid acres- blossom as the. rose: and "scat
ters plenty o'er a smiling land"? The answer wiH prob
ably be that" f.heir labors are - complementary^-that one
follows the other as a -sequence and that the eyents- were
equally inherent in American character. . . ••
The men of Washington talked, at their reunion of
the days of '50 and '60; those of Fresno spoke of ¦
what has been ''accomplished in a comparatively few
years'. A majority of the Fresno speakers were when
pioneers poor, willing to earn their living by any hon- ••
orable means at hand.- A present judge told how he'
had worked on a threshing machine. Another recalled i
that every one laughed in derision at the bold man who
ventured- to set out the first grape vines, forerunners of
the great vineyards" that have given Fresno the primacy
as a raisin center. •
Since 1883,' so it was set forth by one of the speakers,
the population of Fresno County has grown from gooo
to 45,000; its raisin production has risen from 500,000 i
pounds a year to 6,000.000 pounds; its wine annually!
amounts to 3,000,000 gallons and its brandy to i,ooo,ooot
gallons; it has become the home of the Smyrna fig; in
all directions it has advanced and, as claimed truly by
one speaker,; it has been: demonstrated that there is no
twenty mile square surface anywhere" that is. more pro-
The earlier pioneers have won affectionate, regard and
history will award; to them great praise, •• They have
been succeeded by another crop of pioneers— piqneers of
industry— whose labors' are equally beneficial, ' " .*.
TWO TYPES OF PIONEERS.
been made aware of a rather remarka
ble editorial article, admittedly written
by the Prince, in which, commenting on
the recent meeting of Prince Ferdinand
ot Bulgaria and King Peter of Servia.
he expresses his approval thereof, de
claring it. to be "the fllpst step toward
the only rational and only safe Balkan
policy— namely, the formation of a fed
eration of the Balkan states under the
"protectorate of Russia.!' At the same
time the article reminds the world, and
more particularly the King of Senria
and the Prince of Bulgaria, ttiat Mon
tenegro was the first standard-bearer
of "liberty In the Bajkans, leaving them
to draw the logical conclusions con
cerning the Prince's claims to the lead-,
ership. • "
" Th'is Idea of Prince NJkita of* Monte
negro "is likewise the policy of the Gov
ernment and " people in "Russia. They
• alt aim at a Balkan federation under a
Russian protectorate. Thus the ?an
. Slavist Society of Russia, which, bear-
Ing- the title of the Slav. Benevolent So
ciety, Is in reality *one of the most in
fluential poMtical organizations In Eu>
rope, has* Just, elected. King Peter of
Servia to be- an honorary -member, pro
claiming him .as one ot the pillars of."
the movement for the unification of al]
the Slavic races.
But; to return to- the Pjince "of Moni
• tenegro, he is the .only ruler who can
be, described as "a newspaper man. and,
of course, he enjoys all sorts .of ad
vantages over his "fellow' editors, 'pub
lishers and leader writers In other
jVintries,; since he is not subject* to
any press Inws'and has no fear of libel
suits before his- eyes.. As he' is" "a hard
drinker t his utterances .'in his newspa
per are pf ten" characterized by°a great
deal of Vigor,, making up in that re
peat, in fact, for what they lack in
logic and sequence. * The* paper fre
quently contains poems written by tha
King's second and -favorite son. Mlrko.*.
• who is a poet and composer of merit."
It has, however, no comic supplement;*
at any. rate,, notjn the Western sense"
of- the word, for the Montenegrin con
ception -of humor-is somewhat grim. '
Jt ta'a great/ pity, that • the " Prtnca'
could not bave/been invited to the. Irt-.
ternatio'nal press • parliament ' "at " St.
Louis". He would cert •'' '7. ha v.e proved .
on«> of it3 "must picturesque "figures, and,
ast&e from anything else, .would have
commanded 'attention .and good will,
owing- to the enthusiastic admiration*''
•professed by the.lafe Mr. Gladstone' for
his literary abUitles.^-La Marquise de .
Fontenoy; -. •. -. \ . •
A very natural inquiry has been made in reference to
one of the demands, listed as a necessity, made by thx;
Federal Government for the proper care of the India'ns
now under the benign gniding influence of Uncle Sam.
The various reservations want ninety tons of soap fo*r
Poor Lo. Our cursory contact with the noble fed men
impels us to suggest that their educators teach them to
use soap externally, not internally. Anybody" within the
distance of a pity block of an Indian knows that if he
uses soap he eats it. " . . •. "• : IC£?(:
All went weir until Danforth 'read
the names "John Selton — Mary
Sturgls," when the soldier arose arid
3aid excitedly:
"I beg your pardon. " #^d I hear
you aright? Was. that license for
John Selton. and Mary Sturgis?"
" . "Yes -sir, those are the names," re
plied Danforth. "
"Well that's fh6 limit," said the sol
dier. Selton beat me to it all right.
Why, the girl promised to marry me
last night ajid I told her I would se
cure the marriage license to-day.* She
must have seen Selten and accepted
him, too, but I guess he did not stop
on the way to tell some of his friends
all about it as I did!."
. "Well, you're in" hard luck," said
Danforth. as the soldier walked out
.rather dejectedly. "But" I hope you
will call again soon.'*- . *
"You just bet I will, but I will be
here whfcn" you -open up "your office
next time,'.' said .the soldier, as he
slammed the door. ? - : f:' : . :
One day recently when VCupId"
Danforth was reading the names of
those to whom he had issued marriage
licenses to the • newspaper reporters
according to his daily custom there
entered a soldier who expressed a
desire to secure the r necessary, matri
monial permit. Danforth asked the
newcomer to' be seated ilntil he got
through and then resumed his read
ing of the name?. »
Beat Him to It
He was alone and powerless to resist an attack made by
a' dozen- cowardly and brutal men who pounded him into
insensibility^, and broke his jaw. No good citizen and
no decent man, no man fit to belong to an American
labor union, can feel anything but detestation for these
cowardly tactics. If they are. continued it may- be ex
pected that some man will defend himself and more men
will be killed. £ if^-l -;¦
There is a rising sentiment in the community 'that if
a railroad company or a stable owner surrender to such
violence a most damaging blow has been struck at d^
cent citizenship and' law and order." The law is for all.
None are above it and none are below it. The man, who
desires to use the streets on his way to or from his law
ful occupation must be protected in that use. If he is
compelled to protect himself and does so, efficiently and
well, he deserves the support of the whole community.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JULY I,. 1904.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8hold furniture and $25 a month ali
mony. /
Divorces were granted by Judge
Troutt to Annie Glanville from U. F.
Glanvllle for neglect, and to Cynthia
A. Scott from "William Scott, extreme
cruelty, $25 a month alimony; by Judge
Sloss to Elizabeth E. Williams from
Charles Williams for desertion 1 by.
Judge. Troutt to LIbby Fensom McDon
ald from James Edward McDonald for
cruelty.
March, '.'Sergeant Kitty" (Sloane) ;
overture, Hungarian Lustsplel (Keler
Bela); waltz,- "Invitation to the Dance"
(Weber); serenade, "Love in Idleness"
(Macbeth); selection, Rlgoletto (Verdi);
popular - two-step, "Mrs. SIppi" (Rus
sick). /
The Third Band Artillery Corps will
give a concert on the parade ground at
the post thts afternoon at 3:30 o'clock,
under the direction of Chief Musician
Armand Futz. Following Is the pro
gramme: -.' .
Honorable "William Haywood, ex-
Consul General of the Hawaiian ' Is
lands, is a passenger on the transport
Sherman, sailing for Honolulu to-day.
He goes* to benefit his health. He' Is
accompanied by Mrs. Haywood and his
two children."
John L. Hayden and Captain John L.
Nance, a board appointed to buy horses
for the cavalry, returned yesterday
from Reno and vicinity, where '.they
have been located for the last two
weeks. ; . '
The boats and trains of the North Shore
'Railroad (Sausalito Ferry) will run on Sunday
schedule both July 3 and 4. Sunny Mariri and
Sonoma counties, from the Lagunltas to To
rnales Bay, the Russian River and the ' Dig
Trees of Caxadero, provide attractive resorts
and quiet places to spend the Fourth of July.
Keduccd rates July 1 to 4, inclusive; good until
July 5.i Call at information bureau, 62ti Mark»t
street, San Francisco, for time card and "Short
Scenic Trlra." ¦-...:• •
Fourth of July Excursions.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday ordered
the sale of certain lots In Vallejo be
longing to the estate of Dennis Mc-
Carthy Jr., who is insane. The guardian
represented that the income from
rental of the title lamls belonging to
McCarthy is -not more than $500 and is
insufficient to maintain him. There
are debts against the estate amount
ing to $10. 898 13 and some of these
must be liquidated. ? -. '•
To Sell McCarthy !Lots.
Train No. 609, leaving Santa Cnus Mondays
only at 6;05 a. n>., will also leave Tueeday
morning at eame hour, arriving San Fran
cisco 8:55 a. m.. stopping at principal way
stations. ' .. •
To accommodate the Increased travel, the
Southern Paclflo will, on Monday, July 4, run
a ipeclal train leaving Pacific Grove 6:l&p. in.
and arriving San Francisco 10:30 p m. t slop
ping at intermediate stations.
Special Train Service.
liritt'^O^irl., J. , E.:.Bc«^hard. a citlien.
.¦rrfs;a;»-Si:T;'t tTuat • the whole proceeding wss
rtHegil-'and arp*»l«l -to.th" Supreave .Court for
>. .•*-rtj.~pf'.r-v|<?»-. * .- . ' -¦-.-
; : :»i<TCVR.PORATION. IS VAUD. — -The S'j
¦f*»tti*.J'r^ri; o>ri_<!e<l •y+ztrr&ty that <h# Board
•<¦-.?¦;•? i.i*>v\i/-cirt- of Ventot-a ."County srted irt'thin
i»».Y]rr;t!/.tT» Incorporation of the
Kcrr.. Weld ..fojr. .Trial.
ff?jf*8iig0£ixt, &F& Assistant- engineer
f ;f:^'h^.,'irnitte.«j'.'-sta^s ] aJ-inj*, transport
Bqf<fr'd;';3\aS [held .t<* .answer -yesterday
¦^"•v'^nitf'S ;.Sta.t«^ -Com mtesioner. James
li&ZSXimxQ&f. .-Wefp're- '.the- -United- States
r>fetj:ici.Couit:at -Honolulu... ".His bonds
>er* : -3*etf;;at. .?S00O.' \ .He :will be tried.
T^r-.b're&king-the -jaw" of John" Ramos
'.ori-.:b>ar.*3 4he Bjifcird In the harbor of
NjirjcasakL" ¦.'•*-¦.- -•¦• * .-="-
Commencing July 3, train N.O. 00. Frosno
express, will leave San Francisco at 8:0S p. m.
Instead of 3:30 p. m. This train will make
direct connection at Lathrop for Stockton and
carry Yoeemite sleeper for Raymond vfa Bcr
enda. j
Train No. 6, leaving at 6 p. m., will let oft
passengers at Byron. • •
'Southern Pacific' Train Chnnjjw.
It Is unnecessary .to determine whether In
omitting to mention the articles described' -in
the Information, at the time of making; entry
of her baggage,-' the claimant.- Fannie A.
Boettcher, Intended to defraud the revenue of
the United States. I find all of the other alle
gations of the Hbel to be true. ¦
Mrs. Boettcher therefore forfeits the
goods and the fine already paid of
$2937 30. A similar opinion was ren
dered In- the case of Nellie B." McMur
trie, who was fined $1510 08. ' '• .
All the seized articles, including silks,
laces, furs and cloisonne ware, will be
sold by public auction for the benefit of
•the Government.
While In this case there was no Intention on
the part of the" defendant to defraud ,' the
revenue, still the .evidence sjiows that his
failure to comply with the requirements of
section 2802 was intentional, and this was all
the Government was required to prove to en
title It to recover In this proceeding.
In the. case' of Fannie A.. Boettcher
the court says:
The Judge holds that it had not been
shown that defendant intended to avoid
the payment of duties upon such arti
cles as were dutiable. The opinion con
tinues as follows: r<. • .
United States • District Judge de
Haven yesterday sustained. the conten?
tion of the Government in the matter
of the seizure and condemnation of du
tiable goods in the baggage of Captain
William H. Harts of the engineer carps
of the United States army, for having
failed to declare the same to the cus
toms officers, and also in the matter of
the seizure' of -goods belonging' to Mrs.
Fannie A. Boettcher and Miss Nettie
B. McMurtriel Captain Harts had been
lined $1971 12, or three, times the ap
praised, value of the goods. Judge de
Haven finds that the goods upon which
Captain Harts had failed to make 'the
declaration required by -law- we.r* of the
value of $552, and judgment* is rendered
for. three times that sum, or {1656, and
costs. • - ' --•-¦.*
Exchansw Will" Borrow.
•The Merchants* Exchange yesterday
petitioned the Superior CourJ for per
mission to borrow the .sum of J12.
000 from th<! Security Savings Bank
and -to give 'a mortgrage upon at?n
foot strip of land, sixty-eight feet lo*g*r,
fronting: on Montgomery street. Th«
transaction has to do with the ex
changp's new building.
Sullivan, who . was suffering t* from
fever, took one of those mad freaks
that come to men in delirium. Gibber
ing to! himself on his cot he evolved
this scheme of breaking the tyranny he
thought imposed upon him. When the
coast was clear he stole to the stove
and with J the subtle cunning of a
maniac prepared his weapon.
Dr. James Ellis, the ph'yslcian In
charge of the ward, came up behind
him. With a yell Sullivan turned and
thrust the red-hot poker at the doctor's
face. Ellis fled and Sulivan pursued
shrieking like a demon. '
Jumping ov^r'cots and tables they
ran. Patients who had been unable to
'.sit up desperately struggled to get out
of the maniac's way. An attendant with
some presence of mind threw a basin
full of water Into Sullivan's face. He
then dropped the poker and was quick
ly overpowered.
At 'the detention ward for the insane
in the Central Emergency Hospital
Sullivan (fame to his senses. He had
no recollection of what had occurred.
The patient is a man of. 60 years and
has been in the hospital about four
months.
"When he gave those • yells and
flashed that hot poker at me," said Dr.
Ellis. "I thought the Old Nick was af
ter me. It was. a trying moment." •
Flourishing a red-hot poker in his
right hand and yelling with the full
strength of his lungs Jeremiah Sulli
van, a patient at 'the City and Countx.
Hospital, inaugurated a small reign of
terror 'at that Institution yesterday.
With the brutal murder' | of last
Wednesday still fresh in their minds
the nurses were thrown Into a panic
and fled before the delirious patient.
Before he could be captured the fren
zied, man had frightened all the occu-.
pants out of two wards.
Presiding Judge Graham after hear
ing tlie- story of desertion told by. W.il-
Ilam T. Ebbets, an actor in the Mo
rbsco-Nelll company, yesterday granted
Mm a divorce from Martha Jane Eb
bets. whom he married In Boston May
8, 1E94,. Ebbets said his wife deserted
him in July, 1695, but later he met her
at Cincinnati and she asked him to pro
vide grounds upon which she might
obtain a divorce. This he declined to
do and brought the suit on his own-ac
count. The actor's testimony was cor
roborated by Edwin H. N.eill of : the
Morosco-Nelll company.
On the ground of desertion Judge
Graham granted a divorce ta Mamie
Hlnkel from Henry C Hinkel. and de
creed that she should have the house-
Yesterday the Hanfords succeeded in
obtaining, from Judge Seawell a modi
fication of the order so as to permit
them- to- handfe their money In 'the or
dinary course of business and to pay
their personal* expenses. The court
says tfiat the order must not be .con
strued in 'any way to interfere with or
prohibit the defendants from using
money in bank or on hand in the usual
course of business and in payment of
accounts now due and to become due
or. any personal expenses either of them
may'-have. Not are they restrained
from carrying on their usual business.
Marguerite Hanford sued her hus
band for divorce on account of his con
fessed love" for Gabriel Cavalsky. In
her complaint she alleges that he had
transferred much of his property . to
Albert Hanford in order to prevent her
Irom getting alinVoriy or a share of his
possessions. She asked the court to pre
vent the brothers ffom disposing of the
•property.
Other suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by Ernest A. Knoop against Sa
die Knoop, desertion; Lucy Stevens
against Clyde A Stevens, cruelty; Lucy
A. . Jacobs against Ernest Jacobs,
neglect; Jannette Elgie Paine against
William B. Paine, desertion and neglect;
R. H. Norton against Mary M. Norton,
desertion, and . E. Van i Benthusen
against T. C. V<rn Benthusen, neglect.
* ACTOR IS FREED. '
• The temporary restraining- order
granted on. Tuesday by Judge Seawell
against Robert G. Hanford and Albert
Hanford, preventing them from dis
posing of the millionaire's property
pending th6 hearing- of his wife'a suit
for divorce, was found to be too rigor
ous.
' Mrs. Martin declares that several,
times he threatened to kill her and
that**; squandered .bis means in drink
ing' anil carousing. Besides household
furniture, they have $1200 in the bank.
Mrs. Martin asks the court to restrain
him .f rrjm disposing of It. For this" rea
son the Hlbernia Savings and Loan So
ciety is made a party to the suit. She
asks fox- $40 a month alimony and . $150
attorney's fees. S
E. E. Hawkins yesterday sued his
wife -Lill.lan for divorce on the ground
of Infidelity. He' .names George Fuqua
in- the' complaint and sayB that Mrs.
Hawkins is living with him at Carters,
Tuolumne County. Hawkins was mar
ried at Santa Cruz fn 1835. Three chil
dren are the issue. .
• . HANFORD'S MONEY.
'. The first act of cruelty mentioned oc
curred on August. 15, 1901, when, after
their, return from- a picnic of postal
cierks,* .he is said to have thrown her
upon . ths floorj' .' jumped upon her,
kicked her and' called jier -vile names.
Several other dates are mentioned
upon .-which he Is alleged to have
choked" and otherwise abused her, and
once he i§ Said to' have threatened to
throxv • his mother-in-law downstairs
for. interfering. •*"';
• Harry M. Martin, a clerk in the post
office,-, is the. defendant in a divorce suit
.filed by his wife. Nellie. She alleges
a serfes 'of brutalities on his part ex
tending: over a period of neaVly three
years, Ji.rs. Martin had been maVried
before, and had. two children naniea
He«Jce'th». Her habit of going to see her
little.girl, who. was* sick in a hospital, is
gfven: as a reason* for Martin's locking
her-. out V>f their home, and* when she
was ashamed to go to the home of her
parents' on these occasions she would
sif oq the front steps of the house all
night! ' • . ' s - ' '?7.i&
The Third will sail i to-day at noon
on the Buford for their new posts on
Alaskan shores. Headquarters, band
and Companies A, B and C go to Fort
William H. Seward; Company D goes
to Fort Davis; Lieutenant Colonel J.
E. Marklln and Companies E and F
go to Fort Liscum; Major i.dward H.
Plummer . with 'Companies G and H
go ta Fort Egbert; Major A. Williams
with Companies I and K go to- Fort
Gibbon, and Major W. L. Buck with
Companies L and M go to St. Michael.
•Yesterday was a busy day at the
Presidio. The .general muster of the
troops took place In the morning, im
mediately following which the troops
of the Third Infantry and the First
and Second battalions of the Tenth In
fantry were paid off. The Jingling of
coin was heard on every side.
At the quarters of the Ninth Cavalry
everything was in action getting things
into shape for *heir march to Henry
ranch, while In *he cantonment of the
Tenth Infantry great trucks were cart
ing away the effects and Implements
of war of that regiment preparatory to
its departure for the north this morn
ing.
The big guns l Fort Baker were
booming away iri great shape yester
day morning. The vibrations were
very distinctly felt all over the city
and some of the tall buildings trembled
perceptibly. It was almost impossible
to believe that the firing was not done
from this side of the bay.
COLONEL MORRIS IX COMMAND.
Colonel Charles Morris, commanding
the artillery district of San Francisco,
was in command. Captain L. It. • Bur
gess, his adjutant, and Colonel Luigi
Lomla, in command at Fort Bajter, also
took part in the practice.
The four companies of the Thirteenth
Infantry that are practicing -at Rodeo
rifle range under command of Captain
William Black have so far won out
away ahead of other's who have been
on the range. They are so far credited
wltti eighty-nine marksmen. Twenty
five of these belong to Company M.
Captain Samuel L. Falson, "stationed
at Fort Mason.
Colonel Edward A. Godwin, Captain
General MacArthur, accompanied by
his aid. Major West, inspected the
Third • Infantry, Colonel T. C. Wood
bury, yesterday morning. The troops
were drawn up in lines of masses on
the parade grounds in front of the
hospital to receive the commanding of
ficer as he stepped on the field prompt
ly at 9:30 a/ m.. .>.';•
The inspection was thorough. Fol
lowing the inspection the troops passed
in re'view, headed by their splendid
band, ' before the commanding officer.
The regiment was highly complimented
by General MacArthur.
: The troops looked very fresh and
snappy in new blue uniforms with
campaign hats and leggings. The of
ficers- were in service uniforms. A fact
of more than passing note was re
marked. ' Out of the fifty-one officers
belonging to the regiment, Vut two
were not with the command. This was
an unusual circumstance, as from
every regiment there are always from
ten .to twelve on detached duty. The
two detached officers are Captain Hor
ace M. Reeve, an attache to the United
States Embassy at City of Mexico,
and Captain Robert H. Noble, aid to
Civil Governor Wright in the Philip
pines. .
Following the review General Mac-
Arthur was presented to all the offi
cers of the regiment In front of the
line of officers' quarters belonging to
the model camp. The Introduction was
followed by general informal conversa
tion. •
WilAr SAII/ FOR ALASKA.
Judge do Haven Decides
That Captain Harts, and
Others Violated the Law
Novel Weapon 1 Is Chosen by
Sick Man in Delirium and
Terror Rules the Hospital
General: MacArtlnir Beyiews
Troops of Third Infantry.,
Bound to Ports in Alaska
"Wife., of Henry Martin Says
, Tiiat; She :Was Subjected
• to . Incredible" Brutality
V.A-fter. &h illness of four months.' Mrs.
AyUliam .".Xorris, " tKe widow of- tfc.e
¦fitaoiis '. .divine. ;T*homas Starr-'' King,
j>a^Sed •q.uetly aivay yesterd>yJ Mrs.
.Xyrrts .wasat one.' time' .called one of
\tlie:. *nyst ' beautiful 'women in Bo«?tori,
\\.hejt?-sfic-:*vas 'born and where she \vas
a^eajjer ot the literarj"' cult in the '50s.
•Her titloris with -the pres
*.nce.- ..of-' - tuch>- men as LorigfelJow,
-Lowrli.;. ICrrier^on-. and- Edward Everett
Hai&L ; H-cf. beauty and: her brilliancy -of
•intellect -rna.de these; four- espetSjilly her
devot6d.Jriende. ;". ..•-"
":¦¦ -SJie'-c An\e. to. CaHfornia-.v; ith her first
liuisbasid.'. .the -' faitious iclergyriian," 'in
:lJ«C0.',ln*ftari-FraTicteco. as in h.erhative
rlt^lj«-c. r?e'ci ! »usn.ess; and-.charm "gath- 1
*r^j2';a:h'ostlW- friend's .about her. '
I -JiSMk'-xm' J<itath. :^i.';thf Rev. 'Starr
Ku7g.tbe.iyi4.0W raarrl.ed ¦WIHiaiji ?S'br
ri.s,;;;l7er-^vrl>st;.JAifeband-? most in-tiniate
f ri^riay. :..2lx.-.. Kerpfk died aboirt four'
TfkjjU&'!jkii&i~Jp&Vtn[ the- jime she -was
>- r rjijtj."e^;;t>^ t-ho'iil^eF.s.that proved fatal-
M^?jgbfny^^'£po.wp.MC a hospitable
'hosiers. ' She. .-^eaves' one
M yYgHtet/ W\ • the.- firet -rifiarriage, Mrs.
J+c^a<e"Davis:- -.-'•'. ¦-':¦'¦'.. .' . •-/••
"This disgrace." she said yesterday,
"was unavoidable. But that la passed,
and now I will try bravely to look the
future in the face. After what has
Occurred a reconciliation is; of 'course.
impossible. Before- taking further
steps I must consult my parents. 'I
do not know that I shall e vpr come to
San Francisco again, but I lc*ve many
friends, here wlio stood by .me in, my
trouble, and I wish to thank thffna,
alL" . . - ' • * *• *«^
While James Durkln and Frances
Starr are speeding toward the East, a
broken-hearted but brave littje woman
makes her preparations to return to
her home in East Liverpool, Pa. Mrs.
James Durkin, whose happiness has
been spoiled by th» Infidelity of .her
husband, will leave this rnorniag at
10 o'clock for the East.. .She will
carry with her .the sympathy And- good
v/ill of many fri*nd3. . . .- •¦¦/<-
Mrs. James Durkin. Starts • To-Day on
:¦ Her. Lonely Journey to Her ¦ .T'
'¦ Parents* Home. "
.These properties are all being offer
ed for sale by. Thomas Mage'e & Sons
for Mrs. Oelrichs and Mrs. Vander
bllt. as well ; as all ths ' separate
holdings of Mrs. VanderWU -., in
San Francisco,' on which -. selling
prices have.. been fixed. The only
property which Mrs» Oelrichs retains
since her sale to the syndicate, which
requires any great attention. Is the
Fairmont Hotel. Therefore, she ha3
closed her office at 230 Montgomery
street and has moved them to the
office of Thomas Magee & Sons. 5
.Montgomery, street, where all of her
business will be done in the future,
as well as all of the business of Mrs.
Vanderbilt.
Thomas Magee & Sons hav? been
employed by Mrs. Theresa A. Oelricha
to manage her. properties In California.
Most of her holdings will shortly pass
Into the. hands of jthe Spreckels-Phe
lan-Magee Syndicate, which recently
purchased them, but Mrs. Oelrichs and
Mrs. Vanderbllt still own some prop
erties here -which have not been seg
regated, and which they will' continue
to hold In undivided -ownership. These
properties consist of the thirty-ejght
blocks at North San Francisco and
holdings In Holly Park District, with
large ranches near Petaluma and at
Knights Landing, together with min
ing properties in the- Interior.
Undivided Faip Estate' Properties. In
cluding Mines, Ranches arid City
Clock, to Be Said.
CUSTOMS MEN
WIN A VICTORY
PATIENT USES
RED HOT POKER
SOLDIERS PASS
BEFORE CHIEF
POSTAL CLERK
IS UNDER FIRE
MRS. OEIiRICHS APPOINT?
t} > :MAGEES SOLE MANAGERS
TARR KING'S
WIDOW PASSES
QUIETLY AWAY
MUCH INJURED WIFE . ...
. •-;; .: IiEAV^S FOR IIJEU BOMS
, ¦ ' '
THE SAN ¦.FKANUSCO CALL, FRIDAY, Vr JULY 1, 1904.
9
:' AMUSEMENTS. ' " "
ALCAZAR "H*^
• General Man^»r.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Thursday and To-morrtyw.
EvTf., 25c t» 75c.- MAts. "than. & Sat.. 2Sc to 80a.
\AJ 3~t fTF? AND THE ALCAZAJI*
W MM i I JU STOCK COMPANT.
WHITTLESEY
In Augustus 1 Thomas' Dramatlzatioa of IUcaa***t
Harding Davis" Popular Story,
SOLDIERS: OF FORTUNE .
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION. 1
, GREAT ALCAZAR CAST. -^ ,T
"Perioreaance - was nrmlimT "- nrmrlcla. '
."Went with a da*h." — Eoat |
II II V jA. Cbmmencina; with Speelal -. ¦ f.
OUL. I *T Ind«-pendence Day m^^^ |
WHITE WHITTLESEY In •*
"ONE SUMMER'S DAT." .
CENTRAL*!?
HUrket Street. - N»,- Eighth. ..Phone Booth US
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIOHTB.
MATIVEES TO-MORROW AND 8TJNDAT.
First Time Here of the Strong Hemrt-Iatere«t
Drama.
POWER OFTHE CROSS!
An Immense Success In New Yortl
L - — Msxnlflcent Scenio ElTeetsI
»>'- Brilliant Cast! - *
pOirFC Evisnings 19c to Me
rniWCJ Matinees XOo. 13a, 2&e
Btartlnr July 4 XattBee^WZDSXB
AKO PAJtTXP. "•
Splendid Slow Every Afterntoa^ ax<
Etrentar In tita Taeater.
TAKB A RIDE OK THX
MnrXATTOtE BXXCTBIO i*ATT.m^^f-t,
Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY ra tin
ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DC LA MORT.
' Hear the Pneumatic Symphony : Orcheatiioa.
Lcok Out for "ARGOf
Fireworks Monday Night
raiace Mt
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uu t u parlor. th«
iiranil louis xv par.
uiuiiu LOR znd the l^ A
[Hotels II^. WRIT1N0
THE WEEKLY CALL
• Si per Year.
AMUSEMENTS. W^'\\
* . - ¦ • f ¦ 'fy. <
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY, JULY 4
VALEB1E BEBQEEE ANB COKPAITT:
Oallatrher and Barrett; John P. Clark
and the Zarrow Trio. Ztart times of
HELEN BERTRAM;
Foster and Poster; Howe and Scott;
Gracey and Burnett, and Orpaeom
Motion Picture*. Showing- Btricw of
the S. P. PZBE DEPAETMEUT.
' Re-jular matinee Every -Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday a»d Sunday.- Prices, 10c. 2Sc
and 50c.
TIVOJLI8S5&
EVENTNGS AT- 8 SHARP.
HOOD S"
¦. ARTISTS.
Extra Matlaee Monday July 4.
FBOXSKASS . TZtB SXOKEXS'
CZBCI.E, 3d Floor, PARADISE.
Uiual TivoH Prices— 25c. 60c. 75c.
Seats Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
I^AST >IATINEE TO-MORBOW
LAST TWO NIGHTS .
MRS. LESLIE GARTER
111 DU BARF?Y
Prices— |2. N $1 00 $1, 73c and BOo. '
OPENING NEJCT SUNDAY MATINEE,
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Original Neill Company
' In Clyde Fitch's Patriotic .Drains,
BARBAhA FRIETCrilE".
Special Summer Prices -15c, 25c. 50c
Bf.it Reserved Seat In Orchestra 60c — No
Higher— EXTRA MATINEE MONDAY. July 4.*
Continued and Uninterrupted Success of
THE MORMONS.
ExcnitlaUnfly Funny and Cleverly Acted.
ZOACIDAL &P£CIiLTf::» ..fDHO.B TIS4-S3
Last Week or Lionel Lawrence's
"EIGHT RADIUM GIRLS."
Our "Ail Star" Cast, ot Burlesque Artist*,
SPECIAL MATINEE JULY *.
i i ii— EZTBA !¦— ¦
COMMENCING SATURDAY. JULY ».
(Note the' Date, Pleaae)
«A X.TTCXT STOHE". (Entirely Kew).
And these great people added: Dorothy Mor-
ton. Queen ot Burlesque; Nora Bayes. Queen
of Comediennes; Rice and Cad y, Kmptr'.rs of
German Comedy; Bobby. North. Peer of He-
brew Comedians.
MATINEES SATURDAY ANC fil^JDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
. ¦ Mm t ft . * ¦ I w I " ¦ I I - ¦ M "ft., "b m M #» I'- 4 ™ ™ ' ». - 1 • ¦ I w i w . all I
rKfc.Jb~-A bcicntinc 1 oaster rree to Want Advertisers in ounday scdition---rKiic
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
An Opportunity to Join
a Special Excursion
to the Atlantic
Seaboard,
July?, 1904
.. A Special Train going via Chicago
and Niagara Falls through to Atlan-
tic City. New Jersey, stopping at
Truckee, including side trip to Lake
Tahoe and return, also stop at Niag-
ara Falls, America's Greatest Scenic
Attraction. Tickets returning good
via- St.. Louis "World's Fair, pood for
ninety days. Entire train, consisting
of Sleeping Cars, Dining Car and
Composite Smoking Car. through to
destination. This Excursion is organ-
ized by. a party who intend making
the trip an enjoyable one. taking with
them products of California. • .This
will be the greatest Kastern Excur-
sion of the year.
-.For rates and further Information,
apply to . -
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Coa"st Agent
•New York Central Lines, •
637 Market Street.
' San Francisco, Cal.
1CASTORIA
:y Pof Infants and Children,' / V
flie Kind You Have Always Bought
Soars tha ¦ y^^Jr
Signature of C&z^y& /•&&&/!£
\ •' . ¦ b IL {*p|i*g
H BrancS ¦ m
m Evaporated M
P Greats M
I^m alvcys bears the above cspg^ .
1^ label. .It means the samej^|
ltr| as telling you that ve j|||
• igl back up its purity vi.Lh a fggl
.$5,000 guarantee. WM
[ M at^ 5 -^ e largest pro- |H
Msk UC3rs c - r Evaporatetf b££L
JagS * Cream In the vorld. :
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
#BHSEUH OF AMATOMYf
Q Cft - : - XIXIH E7. btt. l'\ k?X ST.CiL A
\ C TSie LArres'-AestMBica'Miuenaia tb« \
Q _<y >- V o«d We<kceive« «t tr.y cmrrsctcd Q
i l3Rw <-.---:i»« »««»»»"l«^ly e»r«.4f.jftl»eci<icrt »_
9 ft£ "3 I "=¦ ***£»»¦"* aa Uw Caic, t»t je y**n. 0
6 U%£*h t53. jaR0A.H-D<SEASE3 CF KEtt 6
! * dTSn CoBEt'otna frte <sd (trictlj prime. \
f YSi ¥ ¦ Tf»«n»e»t vnor*X> j or bf Inter. A A
(, yf v*t w /••tow Vmrt a crcry t»;e nulcrukca. \
TV II ft Writt far Soak. r*Ut.a*or--|V«r^
1 H |'» BianucK, KAtLaa rase (xV
A it H- **i«*ial« book tot tn<-«) \
\ rut JOBDAK A CO. IS£I Market St-.S. F. TWashington Man Mistakes His Friend
for a Bear and Shoots and -
Kills Him.
HUNTING EXPEDITION •
ENDS IX A TRAGEDY
Rock Sand, Ridden by Maher, Wins.
NEWMARKET, England, June 30.—
Rock Sand, ridden by Maher, won the
Princess of Wa!es stakes of 10,000 sov
ereigns at the Newmarket meeting to
day.S Salt Petre was Second and Wil
liam Rufus third. 9ffiB&rtffiSsSfi&Ml
SANTA ROSA,' June 30.— Ralph Rose
arrived from Michigan University this
evening and proceeded to Healdsburg
to visit his parents, who reside at that
place. Rose is the athlete who has ac-'
complished wonders while a" student at
Ann ' Arbor. He has fractured all the
world's records in his class and is still
after laurels. After a visit of six weeks
on the coast Rose will return to resume
the study of . law. Among the world's
records Rose has broken are the shot
put, discus and hammer throw.. .His
record in these are:., Shot-put, 48 feet
1 inch; discus, 131 feet; .hammer throw,
173 feet 4 inches. \. x
Rose came to the coast unannounced
as a surprise to his : parents. He does
not dony that homesickness, played an
important part in' his Journey to "the
Golden State. v. ;
After a Short Vacation lie Will Re
turn to Compete at
V St. Louis.
ROSE, THE ATHLETIC WONDER,
COMES HOME ON A VISIT
Fish Commission deputies while
cruising about San Pablo Bay on a
launch came upon a set net, the own
ers of ..which, took -.warning: and fled.
The net. is .worth about $180. .
Justice of the Peace "Wheaton of
Santa Barbara has fined Ah Hing and
Ah Ging $25 each for having under
sized abalones in their possession.
Justice of the Peace Rose of Sutter
Creek has fined A. Arnich $25 and J.
Lossich $50 for killing: doves during
the closed season. Justice of the Peace
Armstrong of Hopland .has fined
Charles Harris $25 also for killing
doves.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Seattle Race Results.
I SEATTLE. June 30.— Summary:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Facts won,
Roseleaf second, Harka third. Time 1:01 1&.
Second race, fire and a half furlongs — King
Herald won, MacFlecnoe second, Maud Sher
wood third. ¦ Time, 1 :09. "
Third race, six and a half furlongs — Red Tip
won, Alearctta second. Chief Ahola third.
Time, 1:20$;. . •
Fourth race, mile, selling — Ripper won,' Mies
Vera second, Claudator third. Time, 1:41%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Dr. Rowell won,
Illowaho second,' Anarld third. Time, 1:14.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Lady Usk won.
Ocyrohe second, Mlmo third. Time, 1:14. f
Christy Matthewsoh Returns to the
Game and. Shuts Out the
B6ston Nationals.
. STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
(National L*a»?ue.) I American League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York... 44 16 .7.T.J Boston ......37 21 .fan
Chicago 37 21 .tB8 New York... 34 23 .607
Pittsburg .:.31 2S .525 Chicago 37 25 600
Cincinnati ..33 3.1 .fiOO Phlladelphla..Sl 25 .M4
St Louis. . . .28 30 .483 Cleveland . . .28 25 .52S
Brooklyn ...25 38 '.307 St. Loul»;...26 2-8 .481
Boston 24 38 .387 Detroit 23 34 .4©*
Philadelphia.. 13 43 .232 Washington.. 10 45 .182
BOSTON. June SO: — By scoring three runs In.
the last two innings, when Waddell weakened,
Boston won a seemingly lost game from Phil
adelphia to-day. Attendance. 2375. ' Score:
. R. H. E.
Boston .4 8 0
Philadelphia 3 0 'l
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Waddell and
Powers.
¦ CHICAGO. June 30. — Chicago-St. Louis game
postponed on account of rain.
DETROIT. June 30. — Detroit-Cleveland game
postponed on account of rain.
WASHINGTON. June '30.— Washington-New
York game postponed on account of wet
grounds.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, June 30. — The St. Louis NaUonal
League team again escaped a shutout by a
narrow margin at the hands of the Chicago
team to-day, the visitors winning easily. Wel
mer pitched effectively for Chicago. Attend
ance, 2700. Score:
It. H. E.
St. Louis :....i.. 1 3-3
Chicago S 8 1
¦ Batteries— Taylor and Grady; Wetmer and
Kilns.. Umpire — O'Day.
• NEW YORK. June 30.— Matthewson returned
to thA game to-day • and pitched so well for
New York, that Boston was shut out. Attetfd
i ance. 2C0O. Score:
- R. H. E.
New York .*» • 8 ,1
Boston :..... 0 7 ; 3
Batteries — Matthewseo and Bowerman; . Pitt
i lnger and Needham. TJmplre — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA, June 30.— Philadelphia-
Brooklyn game called at the end of the second
inning on account of rain.
The open stake at'lngleside Park,
which will be run to-morrow and Sun
d-ty, attracted an entry of ninety-glx
greyhounds. SpSEImBI
After an absence from the- saddle of
some months " Judge John Graca will
return to the scenes' of his former
triumphs and will officiate "in the
Ingleslde field to-morrow. Tha draw
resulted as follows:
nke ?.^ oy **• Maid; I<wlh» Ym.
Golden Links: Eagle v». Manru: Coaroy vs.
Dorothy M:. Jack Do« ts. Heckles. Acrobat I
Queen a Motto vs. Grace Greenwodd; Hombux
vs. Haddlnston;* Good Decision v«. Mark
Twain; Old Ironsides v». Tom Hurllck- Ml«a
Florence' vs. Plcadllly; Quern of Victory v»
WlUle Boy; Golden Garter *•. Fenll; Chila
Mar vs. Ready Address; Rich Array ra. Sraller;
Motile Hcsklna vs. Red Brick; Toronto xm
Lady Kelp: Pralrls Maid vs. Besal Attire-
The Fiddler vs. Remisso Anlmo; Jerry "Wright
vs. Loiu Girl: Bright Fortune vs. Luxury;
Shotgun vs. Vina; Northern Lad vs. Peter
Mclntyre; Dartaway vs. Tralee Last; P«pp«r
Jack vs. Chips: Master Rocket vs. Frank
I*unn: Rollins Bcxr vs. Flora Temple: Xaster
Washlnetor* vs. Cluster; Iroperiotis vs. Dear
Gaston; Tdpsy Tt^rvy vs. Belfast; WUxlte Stock-
Ings vs. Free Cost*; St. Loul* ESsy vs. Ethel
P; Proper vs. Lady Menlo: Beluga vs Pro
metheus; Courtly Ouest va Colored Lady- Real
Duchess." vs. Thclma; Wedgewood va Tobasco
Bob; Don Pedro vs. Royal Spirtt;"Firm Fellotr
vs. Nordlca: Oulda vs. Rwklln Boy Grav
EaxlA va. Lily York; Pasha Pleasant vs" Mod
est Beauty; May Tunnlson vs. Meddlesomr-
Wattles vs. Commercial Traveler: Rock Island
Minnie vs. Annie Ryne; Jesal« Dear vs Don
nybrook: Sea Lion vs. Trottlne Bob- Harmit
vs.. Maeic Stuff; Frisky B^y vs. Pomona.
Afteran Absence From .Saddle of Some
Months Judgtf John Grace Win
Again Officiate. '
"Big Ed" Northrop of San Jose drop
ped into town recently accompanied by
his wife. Ed has been paying the
East a visit and is homeward bound
He states that Joe Harlan is making
one of the biggest books on the New
York tracks and at last accounts wa»
a winner. SagfffMBfei
Wally Weaver, well known in Cali
fornia, is racing secretary and clerk of
the scales at Overland.
thought would show up af Denver. As
yet Iva has not registered.
George Burger|s Cousin Carrie la
about the beat sprinter nere. unless
Redan is excepted. The only time the
pair met the wise .money went In
on the mare. Wilkens*. wno rode Re
dan, got away so badly his chances
were ruined. Redan can probably take
her measure. Burger is also training
the runner owned -by Ed Gaylord
George says Toledo, wfcose knees were
flred before leaving the coast, is round-
Ing to splendidly and will take some
beating at Chicago later on.
NINETY-EIGHT GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE PARK STAKE -
Lady Jocelyn.
Second race — Komombo, Grand,
Peter J. Sommers.
Third race — Cardigan, King Afong,
Creolin. :. " .^V •:
Fourth race — Mc.Gce, ¦. Gregor K,
Port Royal.
Fifth race^ — Mezzo, Lacy Crawford,
Titncred. *
Sixth race-^-Blne Bird, Keno, Ten
nybum.
Bj th« Chlcaco Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Fonsoluca, The Lady,
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
RUBE WADDELL WEAKENS /.
AND ALLOWS BOSTON SCORE
First race-7-Erla Lee, Pique," Passive.
Second race— -Charlie Thompson,
Lubin, Bugler. * V-
Third race— Lady Savoy, Bowling:
Rridse, Colonel White.
Fourth rac« — Just So, -Forehand,
Commodore. - . • "
.' Fifth race — Wolfram, John Doyie,
Caithness.
Sixth . race^ — Wissendlne, Dr. Kier,
Hlevcn Bells. • .
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, June 30. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Sheepshead
Bay are as follows: :•¦¦•'. "'
First race, five furlongs, Futurity course,
maiden two-year-olds — Jolly Witch 110, Bumble
Be« 110, Gotowin 110." Idle Hour 110, Star Lilly
110. Raiment 110, Woolnola 110, Dixarina 110,
Intrigue 110. Fair Reveler 110, Danseusfe 110,.
Halmira 110. Simplicity 110. Kiamesha 110.
Lilac 110. Novena 110, Nightmare 110, Hazel
Baker 110, Ismaillan 110, Linda Lee 110, La
Pucelle 110.
Second race, ' felx and a half furlongs, main
track, celling— Prince Chlng 107, Hatchet 105,
Counterpoise 105, Martinmas 105, .Rosslgnol
105, Careless 104, Prince Salm Halm 104, Bar
dolph 103, Homestead 103. Silver Days 97," King
Pepper 100, Ancestor 97, Niskayuna 97, Casclne
92. Toupee 88, Gay Lizctte 88. Queen Belle 87.
Third ract, five -and a half furlongo, main
track, two-y iar-olds — Amberjack 117, Council
man 122, Sandalwood 112, Eecutcheon 112.
Shenandoah 112, Bill Bailey II 112. Nightmare
109, Austin Allen 117. (Councilman and San
dalwood, Madden entry.)
Fourth race, one and three-eights miles,
handicap — Major Dalngerfleld 126, Grazlallo 115,
Duoro 114. Lady Potentate 103, Brigand D9,
Persistence II 98, Male Hanlon 92.
Fifth" race. Interstate Hunters' Steeplechase,
about two and a half miles — Adjutor 163, Gort
nagallon 163. Virginian 156, Pure. Pepper 156,
Agio 147. Good and Plenty 142. Bonfire 142,
Old Fort 142, Gracfeaway 140. Meadow Lark 163.
Sixth race, one and a half miles- on turf,
gelling— Tantalus Cup 111, Phaon 110, Mabon
108, The Rhymer 108, Male ' Hanlon 107. Nic
Longworth 107, Sir Roche 106. The Rival 105,
Collegian 105, Flara 103, Paget 103, Mackey
Dwyer 108, Tow Lawson 98, Lady Potentate
98. Bobadll 02, Coppelia »89.
Weather clear; track drying.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS
By the New Tork Morning. Telegraph.
First race— Linda Lee, Simplicity,
Danseuse. ~ :];*.'%-
Second race — Gay LJzette, Casctne,
Martinmas.
Third race— Escutcheon, Council
man, Austin Allen.
Fourth race — Grazinllo, Major Dain
eerfleld, Bricand.
Fifth race-^-Bonflre.- Agio, The Vlr-
Einian.
Sixth race— Lady Potentate, Phaon,
Coppelia. . . " v : .
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, June 30. — Beau Or
monde, McGee, Gregor K. and other
flyera will meet to-morrow at one mile
over the Hawthorne track. The day's
entries follow: . ,
First race, one mile — Birch Broom 102 Ahola
102. Pearl Diver 102. Lady Jocelyn lte. Al
bany Girl 102. The Lady 104. Trentham 104;
Fonsoluca 106, King's Court 106, ¦ Mimlora 107,
Sockdo!anger 107, Valeat 107, Long More 109.
Harney 109, Harry New 109, The Conqueror II
100. • ¦ .
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Ltda Lelb
95, Watermelon 97, Woods Perry 99, Outwai
100. Oudon 100, Ethel Abbott 100, Silent Water
100. Soufrlere 103. Circulator 104, Sin Relna
105, Durbar 105, Grand 105. Emperor of India
10tJ. Pctr J. Sommers 107, Kokombo 107.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Creo
lin 137. David Harum I4fi, Cardigan 153. King
along l.">5. Weird J55, Jack Boyd 155.
Fourth race, one mile — White Plume S9,
Grefcor K 104. Port Royal 10C. McGee 107. Jake
Greenberg 107, Huzzah 109, Beau Ormonde. K>9.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Christina A 94. Ml Reina 94, Lord Touchwood
90, Mezzo 99. Lacy Crawford 99, Rossmond 99,
Frangible 101, Tom Hall 104. Tancred 105,
Plederlch 106.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Butwell 106. Paw
tucket 106, Tejinyburn 106. Stroud 113. Garviee
113, Keno 113. Walsh 113. Bluebird 113, Dixie
Lad 113. Walter Arnold 118.
Weather clear; track good. '
llAWTnORNE ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, June 30.— -The entries
for the' races at the Fair Grounds to-'
morrow follow:
First race, four and a half furlonrs, selltng
—Picture Hat 110. ' Hersaln 110. Pique 106.
Sylvan Belle 105. Dotage 105, Lady Lou 105,
Mary Maud 1«K), Lellla HunteT 100, La Prin
cesa 100. Passive 100, Erla Lee. 100.'
Second race, one mile and seventy ¦ yards,
selling-— Charlie Thompson 103, Lublh 1W.
Neversuch 09. Bujrlfer 98. '
.Third race, five furlongs— Colonel. •White 112.
Loretta II 109. LAdy Savor 109, Shadow Prince
103. Bowline Bridge 1£3. Curette 10O. '
Fourth race, on» iftlle— Just So J.O0.- 'Com
modore 105, Forehand 105.. '
Fifth race, one mile and -twenty yards. ¦ sell
ing — Kcho Dale 107, Wolfram 166, Buccleuth
104. Caithness 102. John Doyle 101, Motiave 94.
Sixth rdce, one' mlfe and twenty yapds, sell-
Ing— Petti John 110. Dr. Kier 110. Ciales 109,
Wlssendine 102, Eleven Bells ' 102. -Sister Lil
lian 100^ Regina D 87, Overhand 87. Triple
Weather • clear: track di-y'ln'Jt. •
ST. XOtFIS ENTRIES*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SEATTLE, June 30.— Errors by Euss
Hall in the latter part of to-day's game
• gave Oakland a chance, to score a vic
tory .out of what seemed a sure thins:
for Seattle. Nick Williams pitched
.shut*out ball up to the time his sup
port' became ragged; Graham and Pete
Lehman played • ragged ball In the
opening- innings,, but after they settled
d6wn to work they made things move
pretty fast. Kruger's work in center,
field was " the feature of the Kame.
Schlkfley. continues to play a grand t
second bast. Score: V.v
.Seattle— Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A.| AB.R. H. P.A.
VanU.cf. ft O 1 3 O Ganly.rf. 8 0 2 0 0
Mohler.2b 6 l> 1 1 3 Frncks.s. h 1 1 1 1
Dihty.Sb 4 111 OKrugr.cf. 5 118 0
FrUk.lf.. 3 0 110 Shafly,2b 5 0 3 1 A
Elkep.lb. 3 119 2 Mskmn.lf 5 0 110
•Smlth.rf. 3 0 1-40 Devrx,3b 30112
Hall.s. 4 111 2,Stretb,lb. 5 0 0 9 0
\yrts=on.c. 4 0 16 l<Grahm.p.'4 1111
WUna,p. 4 0 0 1 2jlx>hmn,c 4 2 2 5 1
. '.Totals 3ff 3 S 27 10 1 Totals 41 5 12 27 9
| "• ' '- RtNS.AXD HITS BT INNINGS. >;
Seattie 0 111' 000 00— 3
• Base hit* 1. 12200011—8
Oakland . . .-. -.o 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 2 — 5
Basp hits 0 0 0 1 1 1 .2 2.6 — 12
SUMMART.
Errors— Mohler, Frisk, Hall 2, Graham,
Lohman. Karned runs — Seattle 2, Oakland. 1.
Two-base hits— Delehanty Hall. Smith, Schla
fley. Oanley. Sacrifice hit— Smith. Stolea
bases — Mohler. • Francks 2. Devereaux. Bases
'on balls — OS Williams 1, off Graham 1. Struck
.out— By Williams 6. by Graham 3. Passed
tall — Lohm.ah- Hit by pitched ball — By Gra
ham 1. Umpire — O'Connell. Time of game —
Two hours.
* NEWi LONDON, June 20.— The tho'u
eands who journeyed to the Thames'.
to-day. 'tor the -annual Yale-Harvard
. l>oat. races witnessed one of the best
• freshmen races thjit has » ever been.
' rojvid'pn any course. For eight bourn
i he crowd' then sat in the rain and
Waited in vain for the "varsity four
tored race' and the big varsity eight
«!ared-rate.*- Finally, earjy. in the even
ing.- bojh" the .varsity and the four
.oared -races, were put over , until to
morrow. -The eight-oared race will be
rowed upstream at ]G:Cl) a." m., after
:i\ hic'n-th*(? fours will be sent aw.
'• '.Vale wOii'-the fre?.nmarr race T>y half.
. a.. second -on a Quarter of a boat's
"•knfctft..* For two -miles of this race the
tuo.-shells aig-z-agged, a.nd neither crew
«;vcr"liad : ar le'ad.of more than a length:'
ii-.was'ontf of ihe.most remarkable boat
raccs.;in the ; history of " intercollegiate.
fating:- • - / • " .^ : ] *
" N ..DEtAX, AT THE* START. -
. * Alter" tiie freshmen eights reached-the
tiart'iiVg flag, -and that *vas long after
the tibie Ki. Harvard dragged her :
stake Uiat and for a quarter of an hour
tho re'ferw? .labored with the shells to
gvt the.m lined Up. The delay was try
ing fof '-tile <re\vf. -Finally at the sound
ofi.h^- pistol both eights dashed away
in splendid: style.- Yale showed in bet
tcr'form at" .the start than Harvard, and
for- the fli^t" figrhth of a mile had a
trifle, th'e .better of "jj:. .Then Harvard
, t=ettle<f down . anil- reached the • half
mile tiak-sc third oTa length in the lead..
Harvard -finished the mile in 5:09;- Yale
.6:10/ ••• . . ¦ - ;
. ¦ .Uver'.the next mile the. struggle was
-puperfc.' Each crew raised the stroke
"one point.- At tjre mil(?. and a- hal'f flag
.tht- .two .boats -were exactly even. Just
as .the last hal'f-mile flag was passed
. Yale-' began, the", spurt that wo.n the
raeel. She jumped her stroke up to
a nifty- Vix an<3 bepan to pull- ahead inch
./by -inch. • . •' . ...
HARVARD'S . IiELATED.. EFFORT.
. Harvard did not make her effort until
'an eighth, of a mile from*, the finish.
.Then her. stroke went to thirty-eight,,
hut .'it. was too" late. ¦ Yaje was leading
by '..the. length of her canvas bow as
¦thV flags dipped..at the finish.' The two,
.flairs went down .almost simultaneously
• and it- was several "minutes" Ke'f ore" the
' vr.ewsv kne.w- who had won. Finally the
.-jfeferets sh'oute'4 out the "name -of the
.winner, .and 'the Yale youngsters sat
,'ii'p jh.their she-Ll and- gave a Yale cheer
v. i'th' '•'Harvard" on" the end cf it. Yale
had won. hj. r - just 'half a second. The
time -was: . Vale, -10:20; Harvard,
10":;>0£.* ; • :- - .vv:4*-r 4; .
Thecr-ews.had a fair wind, b'ut.prac
fically ho . tide and, considering this,
fact, tne HmevwM fast; . *'•:*:¦
"Is I»6c;kcted Jby llennr 3Iunroe and De
. ; .-. ' G.Uicharer-anil Is" Thrown
.-."". I Heavily. .,
• ' ATLANTA. Oa.. June SO.— In the
• thfee-cornered " twenty-mile motor
"i>aced race "Get-ween Bobby " "Walthouf
of Atla ntic, Berfny Munsoe of Memphis
¦and De Guichard of Paris at the Stad-"
ium Jiere to-night •Walthqiir. was "Dock
eted" by the other two" riders in the.
fourth mile and while going at terrific
speed was thrown against the railing."
His body struck the two supporting
posts with such force that they were
snapped in th> center and the champion
was lefj hanging insensible on the faiN
ing, his feet dangling over the track.
"Walthour was carried to his home in an
unconscious condition. Two ribs.' one
arm and a collar bone are broken. It
is thought he is internally injured.
His pacerrtaker. Gus Lawson, also
fell, but was* not injured.
CYCLIST WALTHOUR INJURED :
; .. IN -A RACE AT ATLANTA
BUNCH IHTS AND ERRORS.
Los Angeles Team Takes a Game From'
. v\ the Tacomaites.
TACOMA, June 30.— Bunching of hits
and errors in the last two innings erave
Los Angeles ' the game after Tacoma
had .it won. The visitors were also
aided by .Umpire McDonald's decision
at. first, allowing the Loo Loos another
run.v. In.the eighth Flood was passed
to first, but the next two men were out.
Cravath and t Chase hit safely and two
came in, assisted by McLaughlin's er
•ror. • ¦\ i
•in the ninth Iloss singled,'Eagan-jug
gled •'Eagar's drive and Wheeler ad
vanced both with a sacrifice. Toman
and'Eagar reported on Flood's long fly
the latter tagging the runner. McDon
'ald called him safe. This scored Ross
and Eegar reported on Flood's long fly
to. Lynch. The 'Tigers could not hit
.Baum safely in. the ninth. Singles by
Keetti, Doyle and Eagan, a base on
balls' and a sacrifice gave Tacoma its
first Ihree runs! The fourth came- on
Sheehan's two-bagger and Nordyke's
single. In the last two innings fast
double plays cut off Tacoma's chances.
Newton was hit harder than Keefe. but
received good support. Score:
Los Angeles — 1 Tacom* —
- " "' AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Toman. ss 5 0 0 5 4 Doyle, rf. 4 12 0 0
Flood.2b. 4 10 3 6lShehn.ps 3 112 2
Smlth.Sb 4 0 *1 1 3|Nordy,lb 3 1 1 11 2
. Brnard.cf .1 0 0 2 0 Eagan,ss 4 0 2 2 4
Cravth.rf 3 2 11 0 Lynch. cf 4 0 13 1
Chase.lb 3 0 1 » 2 Casey,2b 4 0 0 8 2
R*>ss,lf.. 3 1 1.0 0lMcL«n.lf 3 0 110
Eagar.c. 4 116 1 Hopan,c. 4 0 14 2
Xewton.p 2 0 0 0 1 Keefe.p. 3 1 1-1 6
F.aum.p. 0 0 0 0 0 'Graham 10 0 0 0
tWheeler 0 0 0 0 0 '
Totals S3 4 10 27 18
T«*£als 31 6 5 27 17 ;
•Batted for Keef« In ninth.
tBatled for" Newtpn In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
-Taccma .". 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 1 0 — 4
¦ Base hits I 110-0 813 0—10
Los Angeles 0100000 2. 2 — f>
Base bits. .1 0 0 10 0 0 2 1 — 5
SUMMARY. -
Errors — Doyle, Eagan. McLaughlln. Keefe.
Struck out — By Keefe 3, by Newton B, by
Baum 1. .Bases <rti bails — By Keefe 4 By
Newton 1. by" Baum 1. Hit by pitcher —
Bernard. Passed ball — Hogan. Wild Pitches —
Newton 2. Stolen bases — Keef«. Nordyke. Two
ba«« hits — Hogan, Sheehan, Smith. First base
on errtrs — Lo* Angeles 3. Ebrned runs — Ta
coma 2. Sacrifice hits — Sheehan. Smith, Chase,
Wheeler. Doubl* plays — Karnr to Toman;
Toman to Flood, to Chase. Left -on bases —
Ta.coma 5, Loe Angeles 7. Hits — Off Newton
10. Innings pitched — Newton 8, Baum 1. Time
of game — One hour and fifty-five minutes.
Umpires — McCarthy and McDonald.
UNCLE'S MEN DEFEATED.
Portland Browns Take Their Measure
in a Slow Exhibition. ¦'.
PORTLAND, June SO.— Jake Thiel
man was In the box for the Browns up
to the fifth inning of to-day's game.
The pitcher's arm was lame and the
San Francisco men began to connect
too freely with his delivery in that inn
ing Roach was sent in to take his
place and finished th'e game.
The final score was 8 to 6, with the
larger figure for the home team. It
was a slow and rather • uninteresting
exhibition." Phil Kadeau, the Brown's
crack outfielder, did a pretty piece of
work in the seventh inning. Anderson
sent one* out into Phil's territory that
looked good for two bases at least, but
the Brown fielder sprinted 'and sent the
ball to the plate In time to • catch
Meany. Jones was on the ¦ slab for .the
visitors. His delivery was no > puzzle
when hits meant runs, and the. victory
for the Browns was in a measure a
walk-over. The score:
Portland— . .1 Saa Fraacisco-i-
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
N'adan.lf 8 1 12 l|Mlller.2b 6 0 0 18
McCrd.rf 5 12 8 0 Hildeb.lf 8 0 0 10
TJrnan.cf 4.-1 1 4 OlWWrn.cf 4 10 6 0
Beclclb. 11 OJO 0 Meany.rr 4 2 3 10
Rymd,3b 4 112 1 Irwin,3b. 5 12 10
Castro.Cb 3.12 0 1 Andsn,ss 4-1 8 fi 2
Frncls.ss 8 2 1 2 4 Twnad.lb 4 0 0 7 0
Sfelmn.c 4 0 1 4 0 Leahy.o. 8 0 18 3
Thlmn,p 2 0 1 0 1 Jones.p.. 4 0 0 0 0
Roach.p. 20060
Totals SI ToTiS ¦™ aUn * ° U »
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 4 0 02 0 0 2 x 8
Base hits...... 03022012 x— 10
San Francisco... 0 1 10 3 0 000-^5
Base hit* 0 1 218 0 10 1—8
SUMMARY. ¦
Sacrifice hits— Beck 2. Errors— Beck. Francis
(2), Roach. WaJdron, Anderson. . Townsend.
Efemed runs — Portland 1. San Francisco 2
Stolen baa* — - Nadeau. • Bases on balls Off
Thlelman 2. off Roach I, off Jones 3. Struck
out— By Thlelman 2. by, Jones 2. Two-base
hits — Castro. * Nadeau. Anderson. Francis
L«ahy. Double play— Nadeau to Steelman Left
on bases— Portland 5, San Francisco 7. Passed
ball— Leahy. Hits— Off Thlelman 7. off Roach 2
Wild pitch— Jones. First base on errors—Port
land 2. San Francisco 3. Time of game— Two
hours. Umpire— Browne. •* -
WASHINGTON. June - 30.— The Postmaster
Ge ? e n': 1 *L**r- ******* the request of the.LewU
and, Clark Exposition authorities for the Issu
ance of a special series of postage stamp* com
memortlive of the exposition. ¦ V " B * W COTa
"Curly" Shields is another Califor
nian here, but "without a' stable this
time.- He Is connected . with " a book
and at the same time has his weather
eye out searching for smart polo po
nies. It will be remembered Curly
picked Silver Dick up here three years
ago for Walter Hobart. At sprinting
Silver Dick has lowered the Colors of
the crack ponies of this country and
of England..
Poor old Imperious, after traversing
a road strewn with roses and. thorns
during a long career on the turf, laid
down and ; died .after, starting In the
concluding, race here on 'the openfng
day. Early during the running the
veteran showed some speed, then fell
out of it. ; Soon after being taken back'
to his stable he died from a broken
blood vessel, the veterinary aald. -.:.
Imperious, when -owned by Dr.
Rowell. captured a Burns handicap
and later when useless on the flat was
placed at the jumping game: He was
raced here by Joe Kern, a • Kansas
City turfman. . , .
Iva Powell, it is understood, has left
the employ of Tobe Bamsey and It was
CALIFQRXIAXS AT DENVER.
Frank McMahon and Danny Mc-
Carthy, owners of the Piedmont sta
ble, have pulled down two purses.
Vassalo, with Tullett up, earned a nose
decision over Nuptial, backed from
3 to 2 to evens. Two days earlier In
the week Joe Kelly, the sfable's rid
er, put Edna Sullivan, a two-year-old,'
over the l?late first at odds of 15 to 1.
It marked the graduation from the
maiden class of both horse and jock
ey. McMahon and his friends, includ
ing Pete Sullivan, were down hook,
line and sinker on Lou-Otstot. the
Strobel entry, at 6 to 5 to win this
latter race..-
J. Case's black horse, Possart, at
odds of. 5 to 1, romped away-from a
small freld over one And one.-slxteerith
miles -in 1:49 Vi. The performance Is
a clever one, as the track for runners
is but seven furlongs. • . *
"Frisco" Hoag, who was on the sick
list at Kansas City, came here to re
cuperate. He started El Plloto In a
seven-furlong run, and with- anything
like an even break the gelding would
have galloped home. - Almost left, he
ran fourth and the Calif ornians
breathed light for a few days.
John Lodge's mare, Fair Lady An
na, which he " claimed from Charley
McCafferty at Oakland last winter,' is
doing well here and • ought to win
shortly. She has a second and a third
to her credit.
The field was not a high class one.
but it was "the Darby" and that was
sufficient. The "ultra- fashionables of
society here ex(fulsltely gowned, a.nd
the elect of the.mal.e population dressed
strictly in accordance with the" latest
fashion plates, were present, some. In
automobiles', others in tally-hos,
breaks, landaus, runabouts, while the
balconies of the clubhouse of- the Coun
try CluJ> were a confused mass of
bright colors and pretty faces'.
Not only did California furnish the
winner of the. Derby but the "favorite,
as well. Eowena, purchased or leased
from Burns & Waterhouse by Ed Gay
lord e-f this city, and ridden by- O'Neil
had a decided call In the betting. The
filly found 117 pounds and one mile and
an eighth more than Bhe could negoti
ate. After leading for something- over
a mile, she was passed and easily
beaten by Keogh, the second choice in
the betting. The winner was piloted
by Ike Tullett. . Ike was shot to pieces
by the press photographers seated: in
the monster "floral horsesho*. which
Keogh refused to .have placed over his
head, and was altogether the real hero
of the occasion. . -. Y. ¦
TWELVE [BOOKMAKERS CUT IX.
- Twelve bookmakers cut in the open
ing, day. This" number Is" more than
the play, warranted when the financial
situation is given consideration, and
there were three absentees at- the
next drawing. ¦ Most of the books were
low, -but two or three good breaks
fattened up the bank rolls. - -
S The California colony here is -quite
an extensive one. Jimmy Lawler, the
ex-pugilist, who has branched out as
a bookie ever .«unce obtaining, a taste
of the garne on Butchers' day at Oak
land, is one of the leviathans.. Frank
Harris, An Oaklander, .is his " block
man -and George Crowley is cashing
•the winning " pasteboards. Sam Stine
and Zick Abrams-are booking under
the name of the Illinois Club and are
holding' their own. Next week they
count on laying something .away.
Sammy Peckerman, their cashier,
dropped a bundle or bills out of the
box on Saturday while, .figuring up
after the races and. taking no chances,
made a headlong dive for the money.
He escaped injury "and a -shy pot. At
the conclusion of the nieet here, .Stlne
will go to Chicago.. Zick has been
bothered with rheumatism and • says
he and Mrs. Abrams will to to
Mount Clemens,- Mich., for a rest.
Bert and- "Will Ayers of Petaluxna, who
were the backers of tbfe Colma Club,
are also in .line. Ben Levy is taking
the money for them. From here they
journey to Chicago. Cooper,"the.Ta
coma poolroom man. is another far
"Westerner laying prices at' Overland.
Besides winning the Derby with
Keogh. Perry Hlldreth won a purse
with Edith Vice. The filly showed
some oldtlihe-'speed and with- Jimmy
Loague up ran away from her conif
pany. " .
DENVER, June 30.— Although" "hard
times" is depicted on. the faces of the
business "community owing • to the
strikes In • the- mining regions" the
"greatest crowd . ever gathered" . at
beautiful Overland Park, saw 1 Perry
Hlldreth's -Keogh,- a California-bred
horse, 'win the Colorado Derby : on open
ing day. * \ ¦¦¦'. -\[
This -expression may be a. bit stereo
typed, and has been, backed' off the
boards by writers of the press when de
scribing a Hrst day at a track, "but it
tvas no exaggeration pn this 1 occasion.
Jim Marshall,* suave and .polished of
manner but a flaming bed of hot coals
when raked up, who saw to'lt that the
rougher element' did not unnecessarily
expose their shoojing; hardware while
he was marshal of Cripple Creek in the
palmy days of 'that wild camp; said he
never saw anything like such a mob.
• Jim remembers back to the time
when Denver was only a stage sfatiori,
and has been present at many lynching
bees and ought to have, some .sort of
a line on crowds. **' . . • "
By F. E. Mulholland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(Paclflo Coast- League.)
W.I* Pet.- W. L. Pet.
Tmcoms, ,i..S2 SH .578 Oakland . ...4S 4l'.E>39
Seattle 49 41 .Ml S. Francisco. 37 51 .420
'Los Asgeles.49 41 .644. Portland ....31 61 .36d
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
There, wljl be four- -prizes in each
event. Those qualifying for the-semi
finals will be rewarded. In the men's
event all matches will be three sets out
of five. All Blatdhes for women will
consist of two sets out of three. Those
not on hand promptly when thels
matches are called will be * defaulted.
Play begins at 10 o'clock this mon>-
Ing. ¦ . IR3M
Preliminary round — M.-H^tcaUu tb. Gusrta;
Mann vs. Brabant; Casec.U va. Crtffln; Lum
taird r*. H. Lons. Pop« vs. Foley; Kuehn *«.
Carduer; Rolfe vs. Mitchell; BlumeathaJ v«.
Ftnnegun; Qr. Younpsr v«. Gayness: Duncan
tm. Bozarth; Lytton> vs. MacGavin; Code vs.'
*O- Baker;' Janes vs. Gabriel; Crawtord vs.
Nburse.
First round (upper hs^OrrC. Xlncwell. a
bye; (lower half). Medcraft, a by*."
The second annual -tournament for
the. women's championship of the State
will also comt-ence to-day. The entry*
list Is small and the tournament* is not
attracting as much attention as It did;.
last year. Miss Miriajn Edwards,' the
champion, will play . the tournament
winner on Monday morning. Miss
Hazel Hotchkiss is expected to win
the tournament and will play o Mls,s Ed
wards, • " * .
, -The drawing -for the men's event re
sulted as follows: .
The fourth annual tennis tournament
.for the championship of California will
commence -this morrUns on ttoe Hotei
Rafael cuurts.- The entire list, which
closed yesterday, was much larger than
'.was. expected and it Is the largest on
record. Thirty of the cleverest
from .various parts of the State will'
'participate andaome Wgh class tennis
should result. IV Is expected the final
match will be play«d to-morrow after
noon and the challenge match on Mon
day afternoon. In this match Grant
Mki # Smith, the present champlop. "will,
play the winner of the tournament.
George F. "Whitney vrx>n the first two
events for the State cftampiQnshlp and :
Smith the third. As tne- cup-was put
up only two years ago .Whitney's name
.is on It but once. .Another victory for
Smith would give him a. substantial
lead In the race for the trophy.
Percy Murdock and Harry Wlehs
will not play. The Xonner is unable
.to leave his business, while the latter
has been advised by his physician not
t6 play, as he is threatened with en-<
largement of the heart.'
George Baker, the crack player from
Golden Gate Park.' entered at the last
moment and looms, up as- a possible
winner. Many consider that either
Baker or Drummond -MaqGavin will
win" the tournament. MacGavin tm
anxious to get a return match with
Murdock and-. was disappointed when
he learned the Alametla crack, could
not play. Tennis followers are ex
'tremely anxious to .see Mufdock and
Smith try conclusions and figured Ihey
would meet If" Murdock entered. .Mur
dOck. however, would have had no easy
time beating men" like' MacGavln and
Baker.- The latter bt»at him at Ala
tneda several months ago and is at- all
times a dangerous- opponent. MacGav
ln arid Smith will probably meet . on-
Monday, although many think Baker,
can beat the former. . "•"" *
.Unfortunately MacGavln and Baker
drew in the same ha}f. but will not '
'meet until the semi-final round. Frank
Mitchell appears to be" the best man
in ; the upper half. He will have* to dis
pose of such men as Herbert Long.
Clarence Griffin. Cari Gardner, Harry*
'Holfe and A. Brabant to re«ch- the
finals. In the last tournament Long
beat Mitchell handily. ¦ ' . • . 1\
Smith, the champion, has not played
in a tournament. since last October land
has not had as much* practice as for-*
raerly. He Is nevertheless in 'good trim
and is playin'g 'about a"s well afe- ever.
A. great match will. result when Smith
meets the winner pf .the tournament
•Monday afternoon. •...-.
Pitches " . Great Ball Until
His Support Fails Him
After ' the Sixth Inning
George Baker or ..Druminond
MacGavin Is Expected to
Cojne Out ' Victorious
Yale's Mem Defeat Harvard
:-by a Quarter of a Boat
[\ iengtli '¦ in Fast Time
Won the Burns Handicap at
.'Oakland for Dr. Boweli
• and Then Became a Jumper
WILL -MEET CHAMPI0X
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 7 — Handzarra, 107 (Hofflerj. 5 14 11
50 to 1— Mich. Byrnes, 105 (Lynch) 1- 2 h 2 h
4 to 1— Cigar Lighter, 105 (Knapp) 4 4 1 3 4
Time, 1:02 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. B. Van Meter's ch. f. by Handsel-
Elzarra. Proprietor 105, Palm Tree 105, Mur
mont 105, Black Dutch 105, finished as named.
Time, 1:51. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner,- R. A. Smith's ch. c. (3) by RapallQ-Ger
trude. Louisville 106. Talernian 103, Ryedale
93. Bill'Matsle 108. Ebony 94. Martin 101, Kil
morle 99. Casava 109, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
netting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 2 — Creole Jim, 92 (Greenfield) 5 6 2 In,
r. to 1— Black Wolf, 101 (Pleratt).. 1 lh 2 2
5 to 1 — Rosamond, 107 (Oregar)... 3 4h 32
FOURTH RACE^ — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Bettlnp. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5— McGee, 114 (Songer) .2 14 14
9 to 2 — Ocean Dream. 105 (Otis) 1 • 2 h 2 3
•20 to 1 — Exclamation, 09 (Mclntr) 5 4 2^3 2
12 to 1— Ma]. Carson. 94 (Oregar) 4 3 3%4 1
Time, 1:43. ' Start good. Won easi.'y. Win
ner, E. Corrigan's b. c. (4) by White Knight-
Remorse. Formaster 86, also- ran. •Disquali
fied for fouling. • •
Time; 1:48 2-5. Start good.' Won driving.
Winner, H. Stevens' br. t. (3) by First Tenor-
Sweet Fa\ - erdale. Halnault -104. Dungannon
94. Great Eastern 96, Oaxaca 88. finished aa
named.
THIRD RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 1— Sweet Tone, OS (Knapp) 3 1 2%l *i
10 to 1— Federal. 104 (Oltphant). 16 1 2 h
12 to 5— Freckman. 85 (Oregar). 2 8 2V43 nk
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; .four-year
olds and up; celling:' •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Van Ness, 106 .(Olphnt) 1 1 2VA 1
IS to 1— Glassful 101 (Lawrnce) 2 3 2 2 h
9 to 2— Mayor Johnsn.101 (Ncol)'3 2-2^3 2
Time, 1:15 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. John W. Schorr's br. g. (5) by Loyal
ist-Ada B. Cardinal Wolsey 104, Sir Hugh 99.
Crestfallen 106. finished as named.
CHICAGO, June 30.— Van Ness, the
crack sprinter from John W. Schorr's
stable, which has won every start this
year, "added another purse to his long
string of victories to-day when he came
home a winner in the second race at
Hawthorne. The brown gelding never
left the ; -result L in doubt. Taking the
lead at the; barrier, he passed the
judges 1 stand under a strong pull a
length to the good.
McGee, at the prohibitive odds of 2
to 5, backed from 11 to 20, made a show
of his field in the fourth race, the fea
ture event. .He led all the way and
won pulled up.
Five favorites and. a second choice
captured the purses, the talent giving
the bookmakers a severe drubbing.
Rain fell at intervals during the after
nooh. Although the track. was fast be
fore • the first race. the. showers -made
the soil sticky on top and slow time re
sulted. Summary: " c 3 - ?
FIRSt 1 RACE— Seven -furlongs; three-year
old, fllllt*; purse: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Sweetie. 107 (Lawrnce) 1 11 11
18 to 5— Freesias. 107 (Feitch).. 6 2 2^2 1
6 to 5-7-N. M. Hay 117 (Prior) 4 4 h 3 4
Time. 1 :31 1-5. Start good. Won *a*ily.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. t by Bermuda-Al
legra. Taplola 107 My Jan© 107, finished aa
named. ¦ .:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASSING OF IMPERIOUS
. SIXTH RACU — One mile' and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
. 3 to 1— Orpheum, 100 (Anderson) 2 1 1^1 3 "
15 to 1— L. Matchless, 100' (Hdgsn) 6 5 U 2 'j
7 to 1— Dr. Kier. 105 (Xettly) 3 1 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:53. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. J. Nolan's b. h. <4) by Ornament-
Blanche II. Nettie Regent 104. Jim Wihn 101.
Miss Eon\ 100, Decoration 102, Judge Cantrill
97. Zella Knight 104, .G«o Goo 100. Uranium
105, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;* three-year
olds and "up: ¦¦• ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.. *i Fin.
5 to 1 — Echodale, 108 (Bybee) 2 12 12
4 to 1 — Orient. 08 (Austin) 3 3 2 '21&'
7 to 1-r-Mordella. 84 (Perkins).... 7 53 3 4
.Time, 1:10^. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. K. Crist & Co.'s br. h. (6) by
Faverdale-Eccola. Martlus 0«, Jlmaloftg 102,
Jake Ward 00, Erema 105, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-ytar-olds
and up: ; ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
1 to 2 — D. Sommers, 103 (Davis).. 2 l'lUl 5
4' to 1 — Col. Ballantyne.106 (Astln) 3 2 1 2 1.
5 to 1— B. McCarthy. 101 (Fisher) 1 3 10 3 10
Time, 1:4SU- Start good. ' Won easily.
Winner. W. Elliott' b blk. g. (5) by Hindoo-'
Lady Beth. Sedition 101. also ran.
.THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-oldfl :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Red Leap. 100 (Lindsey). .. 3 1 1%1 2
,4 to 5— Dishabille, 105 (McMulln)- 6 21U2 6
20 to 1— Azellna, 95 (Stoval) ...... 4 43 36
Time, 1:05. Start good' Won easily. -Win
ner, C. Straus & Co.'s ch. f.,(2) byHermence-
Readina. * Limerick Girl 102. Platoon 88 Had
rian 103; finished as named .
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-ol*d»
and up: "
Betting. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. % . Fin.
20 to 1— G T Shoes. 100 (Stoval) .6 13 12
aotol—Miss Manners. 300 (Ldsy) 14224
17 .to-1— Alice Turner, 102 (Vltltoe) 9 6 2 3 2
Time. 1 :21. Start bad. Won easily. Win*
ner. W. W. Davis 1 eh. m. (4) by Onondaga
hwlftsure. Major Carpenter 8Q K Sol Smith. 98.
Torlo 81, Weakness 95. - BluementhaT 89. Se
lected 03 (left at post). Evening Star 108, Royal
Deceiver 105, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, June 30.— Favorites arid
long shots divided the card at to-day's
Fair Ground races.' Goody Two # Shoes
and' Red Leaf were .the longest priced
winners of the afternoon, both being aa
good aa 20 to 1-at times. Lady Match
less threatened- to do the trick at 15 to
1 in the last race* when she closed with
a rush on Orpheum at the end.
• ThiTty : six books cut in to-day. Fred.
Qook's English Lad arrived' this morn
ing to start in the Derby Saturday.
Cook brought all his string with Eng
lish Lad. Summary: • .'
FIRST RACE— Four and .» half furlongs;
two-year-olda: ' •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Joekey. Et. % Fin..
6 to 2— Black Art. 104 (Raynor). 1 12 11
20 to 1— Swedish Lad. 107 (Rice). 2 23*21
15 to 1— Garret Wilson. 104 (Co'lo) 4 3 3- 3 H4
Time, :59%. Start good. Wen easily. Win
ner, W. Gerst's br. c. (fi) by Sorcerer-Hue.
Little Harry 96, Pillar" 93, Walter Candy 107.
Captain .Neroth 10C, Franco 110 Oma J 93,
Howard Vance 101, <»eor8« T 98, finished *ai
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OUTCOME. PROVES CLOSE
WILLIAMS DOES WELL
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs,
selling, two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
15 to 1— .Tramotor, 105 (Redfern)..6 13 1*4
8 to 6 — Virgo, 99 (Hildebrand)...l 3 3 2n
8tol— Little Buttercup, 94, (Lee)3 2 1^3 2
Time, 1 :07 4-5. Stan, poor. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. Blute's b. g. by Indio-Trolley.
Red Reynard, Asterisk,' Insense, Delcanta,
Princess Erls, Baroque, C. W. R.,- Frank Tay
lor, finished as named. * , ;
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs for
maiden two-year-olds :
Petting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
lltolOr-Hot Stuff, 115 (Hicks)... 0 S l^i
lOto 1— Torchello, 112 (Lyne) 2 11^42 2
10 to 1 — Dandelion, 115 (Shaw)...l 2 1 3h
Time, 1:08. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, J. E. Madden's ch. c. by Meddler-Royan
gun. Jerry C, Lindsay Gordon, Bulwark, Cour
ier, Bella Slgnora, Perry McAdow, Monacodor,
Jim Beaxtie, Argos, Tannibal, finished as
named. \ :.','::¦
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
the Spendthrift handicap for three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. - «i Fin.
3 to 2— Highball 120 (Odom) 2 11 1 3 Vi
12 to 1 — Ostrich, 96 (Traverse) 3 7 1 2 H
CO to 1— Thistle Heather, 00 (Crim)5 2 h 3 3
Time, 1:64. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, W. D. Scheftel'6 b. c. by Ben Strome-
Strychina. Requlter, Montresson, W. B. Fasig,
Knight. Errant, Stalwart, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— About two and a half miles;
three- year -olds and up; steeplechase:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
Ito3— Eavator 1C3 (Mara) 3 11 110
6 to 1— Grandpa. 156 (O'Brien).. 2 28 2
50tol — Graceaway. 140 (Wilson). 4 4 S
Time, 6:00. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Cole's ch. s. by Salvator-Hot
Springs. Royelle also ran.
SECOND RACE: — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; mares; purse: .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to20— Beldame. Ill (O-Neil).... 6 3 4 1 2&
©to 1— Lujc Casta, 114 (Odom).. 2 4lj 2h
4 to 1— Hortenala, 101 (Hildebnd) 1 2 3^3 2«£
Time, 1:39 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, N. Bennington's ch. f. by Octagon-
Belladonna. . Possession. Stamping Ground.
Revane. finished as named.
It was the performance of Beldame
in the second race, for fillies and
mares, which aroused the. admiration
of all who saw what she' was called
upon to do to win. She was the last
of the field when they had got under
way. In a twinkling she had passed
the others and had a lead of five
lengths in the next Quarter mile. Her
speed was amazing. Beldame came
on alone and won by five "lengths in
1:39 2-5.
Besides Beldame's remarkable vio
tory the performance of Hot Shot in
the fifth event caused comment, as the
colt, a well played favorite, was-ap
parently out of it for the first three
furlongs. He was cut off and was
brought around on the outside by
Hicks. Catching Dandelion and
Torchello in the stretch. Hot Shot
passed them and won under one of
Hicks' hard drives.
FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up;, handicap:
Betting. Horse, W«!grht. • Jockey. St. «i Fin.
. 4 to 1— Ingold. 108 (Martin) 1 3 \i 1 h
30 to 1 — Gold Saint, 03 (Crimins). 2 22 2 3t£
.Otol — Auditor. Ill (Odom) 8 « 2 3 %
Time, 1:19. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner, A. Featherstone's b. g: by Ingoldsby-
Radlance. Sweet Alice, Kohinoor, Grand
Opera, Reliance, Mixzen. Illyria, John F,
Athlana, Young Henry, finished as named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, June 30. —
Highball, winner of the" American
Derby at Chicago on June 18, and
unplaced in the memorable Advance
stakes on Saturday, carried 120
p.ounds to-day in the Spendrift stake,
-a handicap" at nine furlongs, and made
his seven opponents, none of high
class, look cheap by winning in a can
" ter. Now that the race is over, the
impost" upon Highball looks to have
been light for a colt of his achieve
ments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scores aTictory Over Seattle
.When the Game Seems
Assured for Northerners
Keogh, the California Bred
Horse, Is First in the
Overland Park Classic
Sfncwey . Giants in Eight-.
* Oared Shells Struggle Over
•the Thames River Course
Thirty of the Coast's Clever
est Players- to. Compete
on San Rafael Courts
John W: Schorr's Van Ness
Adds Another Victory to
His Long List.
Xewton Bennington's Filly
Is the Best Seen in
' Many Years.
English Lad Beaches St.
Louis to Start in
the Derby.
HORSEMEN STAND AMAZED
AT THE SPEED OF BELDAME
RECORD CROWD
AT THE DERBY
OLD ELI'S CREW
IS VICTORIOUS
OAKLAND TURNS
TIDE OF DEFEAT
TENNIS EXPERTS
IN TOURNAMENT
COLLEGE BOATRACE RESULTS IN SENSATIONAL STRUGGLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1904.
- : MANILA.' June. 30,— -Thes legislative council
for. : the Moro " provinces has passed 'an - act
placing ; pearl fishing in , the Sulu Archipelago
under ~ Government supervision. Licenses to
fish. for pearls will be granted only to vessels
owned by «¦ citizens : of t the Philippines or . the
United States.
Champion Jeffries May Go South.
Champion Jeffries has so far recov
ered, that" he '-. contemplates going -to
Los Angeles to-night. The splints have
been taken off his Injured knee, which
has recovered quickly, under the;skill
ful t care of Dr. Porter. Colonel ; Brady
and other friends \ visited * Jeff rles - yes
terday and found him In good spirits.'
: PORTLAND, Or., June 30.— It took
the jury just thirty minutes to, decide
upon and return -a verdict of guilty in
the first degree In the case of ' Frank
Guglielmo, a barkeeper, ,who killed
Freda Guarascio, a 16-yearr-old Italian
girl, on June ,14. Miss Guarascio had
spurned the attentions of her murderer. 1
Murderer to Suffer Death Penalty.
• Triplett i leaves a \rif e and several
small children. Hall was almost Insane
with grief when ho discovered his
awful mistake.
SOUTH BEND. Wash., June 30.—Mis
taken for a bear Samuel Triplett was
shot and killed v to-day by > his friend
and, partner. ¦• _ . : > .
v Triplett was out hunting a mile and
a half south of this city and E. R. Hall,
who has long been a' personal friend of
Triplett,. was also hunting in the brush.
Hall ; saw an object , before him which
he took to be a bear and " after firing
ran; forward to find 'that he had killed
Tripletf .
10
ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
'jflP^f^^ st—^^ "^^^^T^ ' __^9
116 ELLIS!
A. B. SMITH CO.
* Notice Our New Number. .
To accommodate our increasing
' patronage we have removed our
Trunk, and. Bag Department to
larger and more commodious quar-
ters, where' yon can find the most
complete line of traveling equip-
ments ever shown in 'Frisco.
Don't Forget the Number !
116 ELLIS
HEALTH and HAPPINESS
/& >»2b write for
?TL (x^lJv^llGiW^" trated b£fk j
1 \'i. :. LATEiT £r<£?£a&%25^ remarkable
-4 | j ¦¦ vacuum
llli 3alJo+[{J- fl^i jf* treatment. It
\ ijj , Dr. L i awrcncetJ" > *Jafc »nd vigor of
SSft.^
\*zp--^ r*n ¦ tully enlarge
enA ccmpleiely develop tht organs. Used with
our eoluble medicated ¦ uret hral crayons will
CuicKiy cure where all else falls.. Losses.
t " " PgPftCT URCTHRAL MCQtCATtON — —•^ ¦
l»raln«. Seminal Weakness. Varlcocele. Strict-'
lire. Premature Decay. etc We
have lie best heme treatment Jn the world and
Mn<l It on 10 days' "trial and approval. No
<:. O. D. fraud echeme. Call or write for book.
»»nt «ecorely PeaJed, free. Oor physicians cure
•11 dlreases cf men In a ecientiflc manner..
Hour* 9 to 9. Sunday*, 10 to 1.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.. 0 O'Ffcrrell ft.Fourth of July at Del Monte.
If you want quiet sport, a game of
gr>lf on the links, a dip in the surf, or
salmon flshlns on Monterey Bay, why
not go to Hotel del Monte for your
Fourth of July holiday?
Round-trip rate, including two days"
stay at the hotel. 510. Tickets good
leaving San Francisco Saturday or Sun
day, returning Monday or Tuesday. ?
CHILD IS MISSING.— OAKLAND, June SO.
— K. R. Kuybers, residing at 6tU8 Whitney
street, has reported to the police that his son.
li years old. wandered away from home Tues
day and la still missing. Kuybers thinks the
boy has been picked up by people who are
unable to Uarn where he lives.
Attorney Ach, at his own request,
was sworn. He testified that in a con
versation with Mitchell In the corri
dor of the Hall of Justice Mitchell had
told him he had received information
from Campbell that Judge La wlor had
admitted the books in evidence and it
was on this statement he surrendered
them.
Attorney Campbell next took the
stand and denied' flatly he had ever
said the books were already in evi
dence. All he had told Mitchell was
merely that no harm would come to
him, as everything would be returned
in good order. His statement was cor
roborated by Detective Gibson, who
was present when the conversation was
held.
Attorney Freldenrlch, who represents
the receiver, was not positive as to
what statement Mitchell had made to
him prior to the delivery of the books,
but was of the opinion that Mitchell
had told him in a conversation over
the telephone that a subpena had been
issued ordering him to produce the
books.
This concluded the taking of testi
mony and Attorney Ach made a formal
demand that the books be immediately
returned and that Campbell, Gibson,
Wadsworth and Mitchell be cited for
contempt of court.
In reply to this Campbell argued that
thare was no evidence to show that
the trustee could not see the books at
any time. So far as the possession was
concerned they were constructively , in
his possession so long as he had ac
cess to them, but had simply been re
moved from one place to another.
Referee Green then ruled, that he
had no righ.t'to certify the case up to
the Federal court as a contempt, in
asmuch as the fraud, if fraud existed,
was not committed before him. As to
the books, he Bald he would direct the
receiver to recover possession of them.
Frank S. Mitchell, formerly book
keeper for the Eppingers and now em
ployed by Receiver Wadsworth, was
first sworn. He testified that in com
pany with Detective Gibson he had
carried the books to the District At
torney's office and had deposited them,
on the floor of- the vault there; the un
derstanding being that hey were to be
accessible to him at any time. Mitchell
said that he gair\ed the impression
from a conversation w T ith Attorney
Campbell that the books had been ad
mitted In evidence before he gave them
"up, but -he was not positive Campbell
had made any such statement.
Upon examination- by Attorney
Campbell the witness said that to the
best of his recollection Campbell had
merely tc'.d him that he stood In no
danger by allowing the books to pass
temporarily from his immediate pos
session.
The proceedings before Milton J.
Green, referee in bankruptcy, while
brief, were interesting. Henry Ach,
representing Eppinser, sought to prove
that on June 23 Attorney Campbell
obtained possession of the books of the
firm by misrepresentation and there
fore was in cc-ntempt of the Federal
court. JThe testimony was very con
tradictory in its nature, but the prose
cution won out. '* •
This question was objected to, and in
reply Mr. Campbell said he would show
receipts were issued for more grain
than ever came .into the warehouse.
The witness when permitted to answer
said that he did not know. * ¦-¦¦-_
At the onenlng of the morning ses
sion yesterday W. W. Topping was re
called to the stand and resumed the
leading of the entries in the books. It
vas explained that the great discrep
ancies were due to the swelling of
grain, which made a natural increase
during the year of some thousands of
bushels, and that the sums were sim
ply added to the books to make the
accounts balance. It was, his common
practice, he said, to balance the ac
counts at the end of each wheat sea
son bv making an allowance for in
crease during the year, his information
being obtained from daily warehouse
reports.
"Did the gains include barley as well
as wheat?" was asked.
"Yes."
"How many sacks were entered as
gains in barley?"
"Two hundred and -twenty-four thou
sand eight hundred and twelve sacks."
"Upon what amount is this entered
on the book as a gain?"
"It represents the season's gain for
the house."
"What was your grader Account to
force a balance of the books?"
"On 29,000 tons there was allowed a
gain of 10,000."
"How would it -stand deducting the
10,000 tons?"
"There were 6038 more tons delivered
than were received."
"Were warehouse receipts issued for
every pound of grain, including the
gain?" ,'->.
The legal battle for possession of the
books o* Eppinger & Co. before- Milton
J. Green, .referee in bankruptcy;' the
attempt of the defense to have the at
torney for the prosecution and others
cited for' : contemDt of court,- and the
demonstration that the books of the de
funct grain firm had been falsified to
make balances, were the features in the
proceedings against Jacob Eppinger
3 esterday.
It was shown that the grader used at
the Crockett warehouse must be 'a
wonderful machine. During, one year
the wheat that passed through' it
swelled to the extent of some 10,000
tons. The books also showed that more
grain had been delivered from the
Crockett warehouse during the year in
which the firm failed than had been re
ceived.
3L J. Green, Eeferee in Bank
ruptcy,' Does Not Hold
Attorneys in Contempt
PROSECUTION WINS OUT
The new Governor, Lord Plunkett,
was expected to arrive at Wellington on
H. M. S. Gothic on the 12th inst. Lord
Ranfurly, the retiring Governor, who
had just completed quite an extensive
tour of the north, island, • has gone to
Wellington to meet his- successor. He
spent the greater part of May in Auck
land attending various social func
tions arranged by the townspeople and
on May 28 took official leave of the
city. • ~.
The Chief Justice has merely said what was
thought by everybody of sane and unprejudiced
mind. It is <mphatlcally and undeniably true
that the arbitration court is the expression
of an unwarrantable interference with the
liberty of the subject. It is emphatically true
that the establishment of this court haa en
couraged lltlglousness, and that matters which
might have been easily settled by the parties
in the course of a few minutes' conversation
are now hung up until the court haa time to
Seal with them. It is emphatically and un
d«nlably lru« that the arbitration court has. '
by its very existence, created and fostered bad
feeling between employers .and employes. It
was supposed to bring peace 1nto.th« troubled
industrial- sphere; instead it has brought war.
and, worse, a constant sense of the necessity
for the preparation for war.
Meanwhile, the utterance of the Chief Jus
tice, however it may be attacked by the poli
ticians, represents the sober- judgment of the
community, a:»d if lookers-on see most of the
game, it is also that of the old-world observers
of our experiments. The misfortune is that for
the. time being we are powerless. In the grip
of this merciless legislation that grind? the
Krpat and small interests of tha people. Thero
is .'v consolation. The process is an education.
Grant onco said in America that he knew
no method of reform so effectual as> the rigid
enforcement of. a bad law.' That is the ex
perience of the state just now. and if by 1908
our industries ar« not transferred to other
states or helplessly crippled, we shall welcome
the relief from act and court — a double in
cubus. -• • •
AGREE WITH CHIEF.
comltant 111 feeling and ill will. The appeal
was dismissed with costs.
The Herald thus comments on the
decision:
Ab was naturally to b« expected, the opinion
of the Cblef Justice as to the mischievous
tendencies of the arbitration act has excited
strong adverse criticism from people who ap
prove of the legislation which has mad-e these
results more . than a possibility. Caucus rep
resentatives, who assume much on the ground
that they are also elected representatives of
th* people, epeak In a high tone about the
rights of the people, and even go so far as
to eay that the Chief Justice, in pointing out
the evils which have resulted from the estab
lishment .of the arbitration court, has been
guilty of some act which- is perilously near
high treason. Wo are not concerned to de
fend the utterance, of the Chief Justice on this
point. It requires no apologv. It stands In
need of no defense. It Js ths crystallized
opinion of every sensible man and woman in
the state. ..:".•
'A jury In Judge Fritz's court found !
ex-Policeman Charles A. Lander guilty
of battery. The complainant was his
•wife, from whom he has been separat- i
•ed for some time. She testified that
while visiting his mother he struck her ,
four, times on the face, knocked a baby ,
out of her arms and swore he would
not let her alpne until he killed her. <
The defence was that the accidental !
slamming of a' door. by Lander black- i
ened the woman's eyes and knocked
her down, but the case for the prosecu
tion was clearly proved by disinterest
ed testimony. The Jury was out twelve ''<
, minutes^3§BmK l Si " - '
Harry Radcliffe," charged with the
murder of Andrew Riley. last^ Sunday
morning on Ninth street, between Fol
som and Harrison,, was arraigned be
fore Judge Fritz and entered a plea of
not guilty. He was instructed as to his
rights and the preliminary examina
tion was set for next Monday.
• .» • ¦ . • ¦
. Judue Mogan fined Ernestine Kugal
550 -for selling liquor without a Jicense
at. Twenty- third and Noe streets, and
sentenced James Fltzpatrick and Jo
seph" Stone to sixty days' Imprisonment
for stealing calico" from a Stockton
street dry goods store.
S. Ito was exploding giant bombs and
dancing gleefully after each explosion
when a policeman arrested him Thurs
day afternoon at Sacramento and Du
pont streets. When the case was called
in Judge Mogan's court this missive
¦was handed to the bench:
"Much Esteemed ' Judge of Police
Court: Business engages the unworthy
myself and respectfully pray you bail
510 be kept. My country save her cas
tles and in joyful gladfulness Japanese
men feel happy in this honorable na
tion. Difference is Fourth of Great July
firecrackers."
' Clerk Grey and Bailiffs Hlckey and
Maloney unanimously agreed that Mr.
Ito's note was. Intended to convey the
explanation that It was not In honor of
this nation's, natal day, but In celebra
tion of- a Slav defeat at the hands of
his compatriots, that he burned pow
der. So the ball of Mr. .Ito was ac
cordingly forfeited.
""Dr." Samuel Waits, the negro chir
opodist, palmist, phrenologist and nec
remancer-in-general of the Assembly
Club, -informed Judge Mogan for the
sixth time within two weeks that he
would restore .to a ' French governess
the 510 he obtained from her by repre
senting that he had dreamed the result
of a- future horse race and that her In
vestment would surely bring him 5300,
half of which he would give to her.
"Thhj procrastination is wearisome,"
said the Judge, "and if you fail to have
the 510 here to-morrow I'll give you the
limit for. obtaining money by false pre
tense."
' "Resthrain yo* han* till ter-morrah,
Jedge," said the "doctor," with great
earnestness, "an" yo'll sholy fine de
money fo'thcomin*. De club am ter
hol| a speshul' meetln 1 dis ebenin' ter
eonsidah my case, an' it am almos" a
foahgone conclusion dat de boys will
come to my relief."
"It's either 510 to-morrow or you to
spend the Fourth of July in jail," was
the Judicial ultimatum. ..
For stabbing. Charles Enzo with ap
parent inte-nt to kill, Joseph Ricci was
held to answer by" Judge Conlan. Bail
wa^j fixed at 51000. Ricci did not deny
the stabbing, but pleaded that as Enzo
and tie were fast friends he thought he
had a perfect right to take his life. \ • '
Miss Kittie Welch was the only femi
nine member of the group of twenty
three arrested Wednesday- night in John
Duffy's opium den, at Third and Bry
ant streets. The. entire lot were dis
missed by Judge Fritz, as the police
could not swear that Duffy either sold
or gave away opium or that the other
defendants smoked it, although the
place fairly reeked of fumes of the
drug.
Of the' five persons captured in Mike
Egari's "hop Joint," at 831 Sacramento
street. Minnie Hall. was the only wom
an. The. plea of the defense was that
the party was celebrating Miss Hall's
birthday when the blue-coated brigade
burst the door and. interrupted the fes
tivities, judge Mugan continued the
case till to-morrow. The invaders found
opium smoking paraphernalia and were
almost smothered by the fumes of
cooked poppy juice, but they did not see
the drug bartered nor did they catch any
of the'inmates in the act of "hitting the
.pipe;" bo it looks like another dismissal.
Al ' Jasperson, who would have mur
dered his divorced wife, Mrs. Maggie
Panhorst of 6 Hunt street, if his re
volver had been in good working order,
was sentenced to six months' imprison
ment by Judge Conlan.
Giovanni Kossaditovatski and his
name were hurled down a cellar stair
way at Pacific and Kearny streets by
Oscar F; Kelly, tall and sturdy, a cav
alryman, who was displaying his
physical strength to an admiring
throng. In defense of his conduct the
big soldier said he was making a fare
well tour of the Barbary Coast prior
to his departure for the East and
drank away his senses. Judge Mogan
will sentence him to-day.
For striking Ka«e Winn, a house
maid, on .the mouth, Albert W. Hohn
stein, a hobo, got sixty days from
Judge Frits. Hohnstein called at the
house to the Western Addition where
the girl- was at work and said he want
ed to see her employer. When she ?n
sisted that he first- send in his name
he struck her and ran away and eos:
tlnued running until Patrolman Till
man overtook and arrested him.
"You may thank your stars," said
Clerk Rice' to the defendant, ''that
your crime was not committed on Fri
day or the 13th of the month, else you
would now be going up' for a year."
Martin Oakes deliberately flew in
the face, of popular superstition by
stealing. $13 from John Plath, and
Judge Conlan rebuked' his temerity by
sentencing him -to eight months' im
prisonment.
Fred F. .Cornelius, saloon-keeper at
4 40 Pacific street, was chief witness
for the prosecution of Thomas Me-
Maho'n and H. A. Parks, two boys ac
cused of holding up Louis Yountr last
Monday night at Jackson and Mont
gomery streets and robbing him of a
gun.- metiil watch : and $J -cash. Cor
nelius told of seeing the defendants
loitering in the vicinity of his place of
business, of his regarding them as
suspicious characters, of his being
convinced that they intended to way
lay and rob YOung, of his walking
half a block ahead- -of them and oc
casionally "rubbering" over his shoul
der until they fulfilled his anticipa
tion, of his running back and pursu
ing them until th'ey were arrested.
"lh.e dticnsc-3— ill be heard to-day.
again instructed the entire bunch as
to its duty, which was to remember it
was on ' oath and to return a verdict
in accordance " with • the evidence,
which had been- very clear. So back
to seclusion they filed and ten min
utes later they brought in a verdict of
guilty.. Sentence to-day.
Books; of Eppinger & Co.
Show Much More Wheat
.Sent Out Thau deceived
ARftlTKATIOJC PAILS. \
The working of the arbitration courts
act are fr.r from- giving even a modi r "
cum of satisfaction and there Is lit
tle question that the act .will be re
pealed or greatly amended at the next
session of Parliament.
Of a recent important case the Syd
ney Herald ma.k<yi the following re
port:
The BrlckmMters' and Brickearters' Dis
pute. — The appeal by the Bridrmasters' and
¦Pipe Manufacturers' Union' of -Employers
against the decision c.f the arbitration court,
settling certain Issuer; for determination in
regard to the o'aims submitted by the Brick
makers' and Er'ckcarters" Union, terminated
in' the Banco Coc.rt yesterday. The full court,
after hearing Sir Julian Salomons. K. C., and-
Dr. Cullei}, at considerable length In support
of 4ne appellants, came to the conclusion that
the various issues objected to came within the
letter and spirit of., the arbitration act and
were included fn thai definition contained in
auction 2 as to "Industrial matters."- The
Chief Justice, in fivlng the decision of the
court, referred to !'"} remarkable powers con
ferred ¦ upon the art'tration '¦ court, and his
Honor added that, while it must be admitted
.that the object of the Legislature : In passing
the act was \o promote peace and good will
between employers* ana employes, h« feared
that It had • not had that effect, and it • had
been productive of ¦ a • most ' alarming and- de
plorable amount c? litigation, wltti its con-
The federal capital site question has
been under discussion in Australia's
Parliament for some time, but has been
laid aside for the time. Some weeks,
must elapse before it Is again taken up,
but it is already apparent that the final
struggle may be between Lyndhurst
and Dalgrety. Sir William Lyne is still
hopeful that Tumut will be selected,
and he will have the assistance of Mr.
Watson in pressing its claims, but
members anticipate that the other two
sites mentioned will receive the most
support in the House of Representa
tives. Bombala was chosen by the Sen
ate. ODinion in that chamber is, how
ever, veering round to Dalgety, which
is -only forty miles away from Bombala.
The New South Wales Government has
already undertaken not to alienate any
more land in the vicinity of the most
popular areas, but Dalgety has only re
cently been regarded as a possible
choice. Austin Chapman, who repre
sents the Dalgety as well as the Bom
bala district, has Written to the Min
ffcter for Home Affairs asking him to
request the New South Wales Ministry
to reserve the crown lands near Dal
gety for the present, and Mr. Batchelor
has agreed to do this.
The first General Conference of the
United Methodist Church of Australa
sia began its sittings recently in Syd
ney. After a welcome to the delegates
In the Athenaeum Hall an adjournment
was made to " the Wesley Church.
Though the proceedings were largely of
a strictly business nature the general
public, on invitation, attended in large
numbers and manifested much interest
in the doings of the delegates. The Rev.
Dr. Fitchett was elected president for
a term of three years, his majority be
ing very large. The Rev. W. Williams
was elected secretary for the same pe
riod. The retiring president, the Rev.
Dr. Lane, delivered an address, the
main feature of which was an advocacy
of the more adequate training of min
isters In order that in these days of
criticism and research they might be
able to "stand In' the watch tower of
the citadel and defend the faith."
1XFL.UKXCE OP CHURCH.
Some idea of, the widespread iniluence
in Australasia of the Methodist church
may be gained from the' strik
ing statement made at the Athe
naeum by' the president of the
General Conference, now in session (the
Rev. Dr. Lane), in speaking, of the dia.
tant places whence its delegates had
come. "We have come from afar," he
said, "from places as far north as
Rockhampton, in Queensland, and as
far south as Dunedin, in New Zealand;
from Grafton, on the eastern seaboard,
and from Perth, on the western."
The notice calling for tenders for the
conveyance of certain inland mails in
Western Australia has as one of its
conditions that white labor only must
be employed in the conveyance of such
mails, and t this notwithstanding the
Government has already stated that
the employment of aborigines in cer
tain portions of the Commonwealth
will not be objected to.
An officer of the Agricultural Depart
ment of West Australia has found in
Brazil a parasite for the fruit fly which
played such havoc in orchards and
gardens during the last three seasons.
A commission has been appointed in
West Australia to inquire into the im
migration of aliens into that State.
The Sydney and Suburban Master
Bakers' Association has resolved to
lower the price of bread to 2%'d per
two-pound loaf.
The present State Parliament of New
South Wales, which expires by effiux
ion of time on July 16, will not be caljed
together again. A Cabinet meeting de
cided the matter on the 31st ultimo.
The results of the Victorian elections
held on June 1 give the Government 20
seats. Labor, 14 and the Opposition 3.
Mr. Pendergrast, true real leader of the
Labor party, was returned for North
Melbourne.
The baneful tendency of younger
members of the rural population to
pitch tents toward the cities is as
prevalent in Australia as in older
countries. If not more so in proportion,
as the following from the Sydney Her
ald well shows:
"The secretary of a public institu
tion in Melbourne was lately instruct
ed to advertise for a ground care-taker
at 3f>s per week. The applications for
this splendid position numbered 1475,
and the secretary and his staff had to
go back to the office at night and work
overtime In preparing the mass of mat
ter for consideration by the ruling
body, which was to make the appoint
ment. The Incident painfully illus
trates the deplorable condition of the
light labor market In Australian cities,
and reveals a most anomalous position
of affairs. We have a half-developed
and, to a large extent, unoccupied ter
ritory clamoring for livestock and the
plowshare, and all who have studied
the case are urging that Australia
inquires immigrants to go into the
country and give the land a chance to
do its duty to the state. At the Bame
time 1475 men in one city are anxious
to secure a billet at 35s per week.
We may be sure that a world of pa
thetic misery lies behind many of those
applications; that the 35s a week
would mean to a large proportion res
cue from respectable poverty and to
others relief from semi-starvation. Can
it be possible ihat while the cities are
crowded with Avorkless people men
must be brought to Australia to work
the land and. produce its fullness? The
question is growing bigger every day,
but no man has so far hit upon a sat
isfactory way of shifting the shiftless
from the city to the land and making
them useful to themselves and their
country.
"Apparently a large proportion of
the. population will drift into the cities,
and'once there they become the merest
tools of circumstances. For this sad
state of affairs the accepted explana
tion is that the city life is most at
tractive, and we are told that young
men* and women would rather exist
amid the excitements of -a- metropolis
at halt wages than work In the country
and make homes for themselves."
Young Men Desert the Country, as in America.
The Federal Capital Site- Is Discussed— Newly
Found Brazilian Parasite Kills Fruit Fly Pest
GRAIN SWELLS
IN A GRADER
MANY CIVIC PROBLEMS
ARE BEFORE AUSTRALIANS
KILLS A QUAIL IN PARK
AND PAYS FINE OF $100
Joseph Ferrari, Produce Dealer, Caught in the Act
by Patrolman Kavanaugh, Whose Narrative Cre 1
ates Shudders in the Court of Judge Conlan
. m Never did pictured assassination of
i\»v.K Robin create rrfore horror. in any
uursery than was occasioned in Police
•jidge Conlan's courtroom when the
s-tiffened carcass of a quail was passed
up yesterday to 'the bench for inspec
.•{ ion" .and "then registered as Exhibit
.A--, in thje case of Joseph Ferrari,
thjirared with willfully slaughtering the
Lird in. Golden Gate Park. His Honor
jjid all other true sportsmen present
.' shuddered as they vjowod the corpse
jui4 listened to the 'testimony fox the
; i-osoeution.
• It was Policeman J. H. Kavaaaugh
\v. : ho pressed -the charve. While pa
;"; l-olling the park lie chanced to glance
'..doty:) the . bosky dc-H, and' there he
the defendant -deliberately wring
i he neck of the feathered treasure
'.end then thrust it into his-coat pocket.
: .'*u arrest him was the work of a mo
.inent, "and to haul him te prison "con
,-sumed no more time than was abso
.'•llately unavoidable.
• '•• ' Ferrari, who is a produce .dealer,
•vj -leaded that he was acting a Sumari
--¦U^n. part. • Instead of that of a cold
3 Mooted poacher, when the" patrolman
"' •< .Mlared ' hi-m. • A large dog of uri
.ikuo.wn ownership had chased and cap
. i.cr.ed the b.'rd, tVrrari said, and v/as
• jprocegdlng to pluck the feathers from
it= w.hf-n he (Kerrari) weait to the
rescue artd drove away the quadru
j'ed.took. the raptive, then feebly
¦.|«n£ln^, in hi.« hands and had put it
•Ui-.his pcK-ket Jo restore its breath
:• the hand of the law fell heavily
•\upon hip; shoulder. • He denied the
"¦.f^ck-wringins. •..•:":; *j
"¦"¦' i;"hari> questioning from the l^ench
•¦t -hook' u^> Mr. Ferrari's defense until
"•'ir.ivi;*' a very rickety structure indeed.
.!.•;¦ -.-I as? h« was irdno.unced guilty as
. .Ji.yrRCd and promptly lined $100 satis
"•C.^kctloit vas reflected on every fa.ee in
/¦/tlu'Arhii-mber except his own. " :
¦'Y" ¦'.v' J E < "» kill <iuail_out of season is repre
:;-3:<Pii'5iLle .even when they are running
:;-;.vil3^"*; ruoth the • Judge, "but to
'..•r^u.-is htcr. the birds that are preserved
¦• : ;hu. : .G olden Gate Pa?ij is vandalism as
'•¦•:-'; : -t*l»rk- "Ja-ck" -Rice wa3 overheard
-.'¦n'whrkinff to Bailiff Laws* that Xvhile
.-...'•> •If'id. !iot much use for British in
.'.vii.iitLio.ns as a whole, rie thought that
¦'; -*Me." .aiiti-poachiug statutes of that
-.'Vffcie -nation rnigbt be copied into the
• : >'y!';fpr:ii.i- Criminal Code without dis
-Vlig.u>m"g it. .
: }. ¦ Mr.' Ferrari got nothing but humili
atjpri. in return for the $100 he paid
'•into court. Possession of the remains
-«if-his victim was denied him. so he
;f<iim<it have even the poor satisfaction
.-•.">£. subjecting them to taxidermic art
;'Mnrl 'preserving thern as a souvenir of
.'the.piost indiscreet act of his life.
":.'•-' J Erne's Derby, a 4aborer, whose liv
".inc children number fourteen, was be
••Tore," Judge Mogan on the charge of
.'striking his ' 12-year-old son with a
broom handle by way of enforcing
' paternal .authority. As many of the
• facts -of the case as can be brought
>'out will find ventilation- on July 8.
'. : ' ¦ ' * * •
. S.oon after twelve- go^>d men and
¦ true had retired to work out ii ver
. <lk t. 'in- the case .of. C. H. Mosely, ac
cused" of selling liquor without license
.••at:" Greenwich and Lycm streets, they
.-F'urr.mpned the bailiff and said they
.desired • further ..instrucfions. They
•" were 7ha.rehe<i back to the presence of
. his.Honor M.ogan, where the foreman
• announced that some of his associates
to be so prejudiced that they
; .-shoulTj- dot. be on the Jury. The court-
THE SAPS' KKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY. JULY 1, 1904.
11
RAIIiWAY TRAVEI* '
I CALIFORNIA fj
LIMITED TO CHICACC H
: LEAVES MONBATS and THURSDAYS 1
- at ?»:.'!() a. m., throufli tn :t days, H
with diner and all trapplnrc. 33
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30a. m.l. tor Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield.
H-loOp! m.'j Merced, Hanford .and Vlsalla. '
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Markvt St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-'
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose. '•¦"•.'•'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
• ' r ' LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AH>J NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWA7 COMPACT;
Tibnron Ferry, Foot ot Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAPAE-.
WEEK DAYS — T:M. 8:00 0:00, 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 5:30. 6:30 and" ll:30>
p'. tn. .
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS^? :3O. 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:3t>,
•2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30" p. .m.
SAW ¦ KAFAEL TO SAN FKAKCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:06. 6:5O. T:35. 7:50. «:2iv,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. T2:00, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
0:25 p. m. " - ,
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m. ".•.':.
SUNDAYS— «:5O, 7:35. 0:20. U:TT, a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:2l>, 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
¦tExcept Saturdays. _-
*' Leave .1 In Effect 1 Arrive
Snn Fran. | May 1, 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Bun- I Destfiia* . I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. | 'tlon. - ] dsys." | Days.
7:30a TT& a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a '- -.* S:l«a 8:H>^
8:C0a 9:30 a Irnaclo. 10:20 • Vy.'X* »
2:.':0p 2:30 p «:(K>p 6:20 p
5 JO p 5:10 p . 6:2*>p 7:25 p-
- ! 8:?ip
7:30 a 7:30 a '' ' 7:45 al 7:45 a
6:00a S:COa Novato. 10:20allO:2Ua
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:2Op
6:10 p 2:30 p ' and 7:25 p 7:25^
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a ~ * ia:20a|10:20 a
tl:0Oa 8:(<0a Fulton. • 7:25 pj «:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p|7:25 p
~ Windsor. . J
7:30 a 7:30 a . Healdsbwr?. 10:20 a|10:20 a
Lytton. • j
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:B5p(7:23p
I Cloverdale^ 1
7:30a| 7:30 al norland 110:20 a|10?20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 7:25-p
j j WXlUts. j • ' I" " - •
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf. 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 aJ10:20 a.
2:30 p| 2:30 pj Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p| tf:20 p
8:00a|"«:00a . • 8:40"a| 8:40 a
5:10 p 0:3<>a Sonoma. 8:09 PI 6:20 p
|5:10p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p! /
7:30 al 7:30 al |10t2O a|10:20 a
2:30 p} 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Snrlnzs; at
Fulton for Burke' s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for SkagKS
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Ilopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'si.
Banhedrin 'Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
Springs Halfway -House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, ilendoclno City,' Fort Brass.
Wcstport. Usal; at Wlllits for -Fort- Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Laytcn-
vllle, Cummins. Bell's ¦'Springs,' Harris, Olsens.
Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Ku-
r«ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street, Chroniclo
building.
JAS. L. FRA7.IER. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. '
¦-— - TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY/
MILL VALLEY. .
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saasaltto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 0:15.. 10:00. 11:CO a. m.
(11:40 a. m. -Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
4:00. 4:35, 5:13.-5:50. «:25. 7:13. 0:00. 10:«0,
11-35 p. rn. Sundays and legal holiday* depart
at 7:10, 7:45. 8:30,-9:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a. m. 12:20, 1 :W. 1:45 2:30, 3:15, ?:00. 4:35.
6:15, 5:50, «:25. 7:15. 8:15. 8:00. 10:20. 11:33
p. m.
• Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 0:17.
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 1U0S a. m..
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 0:05. 5:40. «:t5.
6:53. 7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays ami
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8:o« p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30, 0:15. 10:00,
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:15. 2:30, 7:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
T:45 a. rn. dally— Caxadero and way stations.
• 8:15 a. m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyes.
etc.
3:15 p. rn. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc. '
3:15 p. m., dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. ra., Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
«tc.
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— ec« Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Weak Men aod Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Me dean -Remedy: gives health and
.Itrengtb to sexual organs, D«poV>23 Market.
' WANT ADVTERTISERS '
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi
RECEIVE FREE
A SCIENTIFIC TOASTER,
The latest and most Improved
article on the market for. toast-
ing bread, broiling oysters,
clams or steaks.
Cnn be used on gas, coal or.oU
stoves.
GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
>^f WaJv T*»*«t l«mTi» m.nti »r» *«•
/S3^f<TTr>^N> to »rrt»« at
(J^^^ZJSAN FRANCISCO.
. • fTwit of Market Street > . .V
t.»«^i - MAIN LTN~E. -a»kit»
7J»a v»c».»|]i.-. Wtnt«T«.~Kum»ey i 7 bQm
/-09a tlKdirla, K!m1r»aii'1 Sneramcnto.. 7-20(»
/ -30a VaUeJo. Xapa.' ' Cmllfit-iri. 9»nu
Kosa. Mact!nei. Saa Rittnoa 8 20?"
7^0* Nlles. Tracy. L»thrbp.-Sux.icTon.... 7.2Oi>
84)t)A 8hMM Kx^rex* — «.Vta, DaTi»». .
• - Wiiitam* (for .tartlett Spr!o8<>.
Wlllowa trj-m<>. Ued bi-.i.t.
Portland. Tteotna, 9FatUe 7.50»
¦¦09a P»»u. Woo I'aml. Knt^su Laadlae.
Marysrllia. Cbio. oro? tile 750»
8-5CA Port Co«ta. Martlaec' An'.toeX V:
Bjron. Tracy. Stocktwn. 'Stw-
man. Los H«nj», Mcn.lotv
Armona. -naafunL Visa)!*.
Portertllla '... 4.?0» >i
8.30a f orj Costa. Modesto. Mere*d.
Fr-ico. r.TiS-i "J hoc 'Ion. Ilaa-
forJ. Vhilla. naicertHeld 4 53*
f -50a Silei. Saa Jowt, I.i» Trnorc Stock'
"•,¦ - too, (tMCtonk Inne. Sar'ramenta,
MaryiTllle. Chlco. Ked Biult .*... 4.2O
8 -SO A Oakdale. Chinese. Jtm'itown. So
oorm TiHlnmne andioteii 4 Z2t>
8 CPa AUant!r. Hxpre«< — Ogii^n n.; ~ i«r. 520i>
9 30a Bfr-.tuni.iid.- MsrUaes and Way
Suilpas , . „ 850p
10 OCa The Orerland Limited — Ogd an. " m
l)f nreT. OiiuSi, Cklcago. 6.20?
1000a Tallejo .' 12.20^
10.00a Los Ancelea Vut&natf — Port
Co.«.ta. Murttnez. nyroo. Tr»"cr. - *
I.nth !•:•[». Stockton. M.-rrrrl.
BaymonU. Fretno, Ooiihrn June- ; '•'
t'on. Hanf'Td. Lemoore. Vlialla.
Hakertfielrl. lios Antr^len ;. 7.2C»
13.30m H*t wtrl. Nlics and TTar 9cattonf. 3.20*
11i)CP S*»crim«nto lliTerStram-rs tii.OJs*
5-SOP Benlefa, Winter*. Sacra-iirDt(X
IVoolland, Willow*. Kn!»hts
I.fttiiJliiir. MRrytTllle, Ororllle -
_ __ and way • tat loa* : 13-504
3-3CP n.iy wari. Xlles *n<t Way Sutlons.. 1 SO*
330P port Oosca. »lar«n«z. Uyron.
'^ ' Tracy, Lathro?. M«1e»to.
.Jlerced. F«Tfn«l». FrMno knd
, ' .way Stations bejoad Port Cotta 12-2tJs»
S-90P ToMtnlte Talley, \t» Berenda Sal *
• Wawons'...: / .*. 8.53a •
3-30P M«nlae». Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10-20A
• 4 CCp MarllB.ei.Siin IUmon.V«llejo.JIa»a,
CaHatOB*. Banw Ito« 9-20a
« CCPKHrt. Trary.'atockM.n. Lodl ...'... 420p
4iOP JUrw*r»: Nllrs. Irnngtoo. t8!>0A
. , .„ Josa.Llvermore » tii.SOA
6CCPTh« Owl I.!mlted-:N>wa»"n. L*s.
lian ¦ >» s MfKrtaia Frca ¦•..TuUra.
* BakeriMid^LoaAnicelea. ....... 050*
.f 3Up Hayjrard. Wtiea and.San Joo* ..... ,7-Z0a
6 OCp Hujw^rd. Sfieoniiil S»n Jo;» 9 SO*
S-OVP Eastern Exprca« — OBJen*. i>envar. <•
' Omaha', f;. Lo-i!s. Colcaxo «ad
' . 'Casr. via Mantaez, Stoctton. .
... Sacrameitn, Coifai. Runo 12-53*
LOOP Vallejo. dally>xreot SanH^f..: » ,..,
7 0CPTal)8jo % 8ii:><lay.onlx f /BU
7-OOP hlchrio'nd. dau Pablo. Port Coats.
- Uartlnos and W«y dtstloan;..^.. 11.294
7-CCf Krno Pa»»>nfer— l'ort <.o»tn. 9ut- " •
•an. Elalra, 1>«t1i>. Stx-nunenta,
Tmckea, Laka Tatsoe. Ueno.
. Tonojiah. SnArks '...:../. 7 80*
8 «BP Oreron A California Expr«.ia — 8ae>
r«;mnto. il^.-y-T'ic, 'neridlDfr. • •
PorvltwK Pag'et So^nd *n«l East.' 8-50a
-B.IOp Bay-^ard, Nlles asd 8au Joia (Saa- -
\_ <laronl»).... % . tl.SOA
COAST. LINE "(-> arrow «.'*¦£;•). '.
¦ ' (Foot »f Mm-fcet 3 treat.) ' • • .
- 7.45a Santa Cr'»sE'iccnr»loh(Si«n(lay only) SJOp -'
' 8.1fcA»wvr)c-. CenierTlUe. San. Jo*e, • ?
' Felton, UoalderOaak. B!irP«ala.
8a«ta Croi and T7aj Stntl^ns... S 5Sp
19.1EA AlTarado;. Newark. San Jovp. Los •
Gatos. Glen wood. Felton. Boulder.
• Crrek, Bljf Baaln. Santa Cnn... ' 810»
t2-16p Kcwark. Ceaterrtlln. • San Jose,
-.* Kew Altaaden. Los GfttowFeAua.
Sonld'er Creek. Santa Crufc aa4
Principal Way Statlona , t .... M . It 53a
4-1Bp Newark, baa 3ose. Los'Gato*,.«.. t3.55A
4.1SP WriKbt. Bonlder Crerk and Saats
Craz. 8aturday'and Sunday oS!r. 63 55*
" COAST LINE (UrMrf uaa««).
ry*(Tblrd »n.t fn^nnrai a^rceta.)
.<10a ?an Joa« and Way Stationa.-. ..;.... 8-3OP
t7 00a Bfcn Jo«» aad Way Station* 6 40*
7.1BA >Jontrr«T and Santa -Crus Kieuf-
¦ sloa (Saaday only)...-. 13 30*
1. 1,0 A Mew Almadea (Tuci.. Krld.. only), 4-1Q*
8 CCa The CoaCtcr— Saa Jo.se. Salinas.
Saa Ardo. Pa'«o Rubles. S»nta
"Marsarlu. Saa Lnls OM*po,Satfta
IVarbara. S.ia BaasaTentnra,
- Moatalro. Oznard. Barbank, Lps
Aaseles 10.4S*
. I-COA Gtlriiy. Ho!11st«r. Cattrovnie. Del . '
Konte, Pactflc GrtTe, Sarf. Lora- .
poe.^ / 10-45*^ S
t.OOA >•¦ Jose. Tret PInoa, Csp!tola»
SaOUCrDk.raclfleOrore.SaKsas.
' Eaa Lais Obit po ass Principal
Way Stations ...» ,.. 4-10*
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20»
,1140a San U Clara. San Joie. Loa Oatoa
aad Way Stations 7.30p-
1-SOp Ba» Joaeaad Way 3tatlons 8-344 •
tJ OOP Del ilontr, Kxpr<"»s— S»nf* Clara.
San J<mc Del M*>nta. Monterey.
PadlQcGroT* ; 12-18»»
I-20pBariln«;»nie, Sao Jose. Gtlroy, Hot-
litter, Tres Plnot, Pajaro. Capl-
tola, Santa Crus.' Oastrortne.
BaJlaat, PaciflcGrorc.:: 10 45a
4 JOpPaa Jose and Way^tatinnt t8J3OA
16 00p Santa Clara. San Jose. fc<>« Gatoa.
Wright and prtaclBal Way Sta-
tions (except 5und*Ti ............ t9.00*
(6.30f> EanJo*eandPiiaelpalWay'9taUons |9.40a
5 4Sp SiiDtet Bzpre**.— Kedwuod. Saa
Jote,Otlr«y,8aliai«a.Pa9o RoMes.
San Luis Obltpo*. Sasta.Barbara,.
Lot Aogelai, D«mtDg. Kl Paso, • *
N«w T)rlean*. New Tork * 7.13a -
I45p ?*]-»ro.' Capitola, Santa Cms. Cas-
troTlilr,D*l Monv.P%cll\cGrOT«. 1345p
t6«tB# kai> Mat«o,Bereaford,BeIn>oni,Saa
. Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto .'... ? 8.48a
6 30p San Je«e aad Way Stauona. 8.38a
8-OOp Palo Alt* aad Way Stations* 10.18a
11 .30 p bouta Sad Francisco, M!llbr*e. Bur-
lia<»nie, San Mnrao, B'ltnoa^ -,*
San Carloa. tiedwoud.'Ftlr Oaks, •
llenlo Park, anda'alo Alto..*.... 845*
•MI.JOp Majaeld, lloaata'ji View. Suuny-
Tale, Lawrence. b»»ta Clara aad '
t flan Joa«' a.45*
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
- TSaadaT •xceptod. " t Sunday Sniy
aett»rd»jonly. » Monday enly.
IStoM at all t-^k «©»• •BjK.nn^^, '
'Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tla ha»lit* Firrj Arrive
Ban Fnmcl«oo Tttt afaarktt St. . gan Francisco <
Week Snn- buu- - Week '
Dsyi. .days. /^fSS^fes. day». Paya.^
— tt:~8T3o7 fssstMFa 12.45? • 8=43*
. 10.00* V^^Si^ 2;05rMl;05i
10:00* 11:00 a wS^BT 3:35 r 3:35 r
145 r 12:20 r %(P5»vnS' ' 6:40 r 8:15 i
5:15 r 1:45 r Vi^ 6:13 ? 10:08 »
I 4;3lT >jr 8:50 r
• Tla Crattty Car. J Tasjalyais U aill TUUy.
I^ICXIT J624 Mabkkt St. (North Ub«^« Railroad}
Orricrs yaaU Sacsalito Fckkt. foot Market it,
a Dr. Gibbon's DfspeBsary,
629 HCABXT *T % KstabUshed
In IHrvff.v.- tti» treatment »f I'rlvatn
I>lw»»es. I^wt M*nUfK>0.. D*bllitror
ii'^as-'nreariiiiron bdyaml iiiiml ami
Skin DiRCRaes. The Doctornimiwlien
nthfm fall. Try him. lln»rg»-« low.
(nrr<cairfl!ilrril. Call or writ*.
Dr. J. *". «!«»«>->. «»••» Fraucisco, Cai.
Weekly Cali;.$l per Year
...y.:' ADVEBTISEMEyTS.
Ictb Semi-Annual Statement.
.' -. VV . - —OF THE—
ptual Savings Bank of
ItlSaij Francisco, ¦
V : fio. 7IO Market Street.
Capital Stock Subscribed... $1,000,000
of which, lias been paid in
; gold coin . .• ...: 300.000
• .' •' . ¦-¦ • ' ' ~- '~ •
. Statement of the condition and value of the
Atj*u «nd Xlabilltfeb of the MUTUAL SAV-
INGS BANK 'of £*n Francisco, a corporation
acmg- business at- 710 >t^rk<>t Street. City of
. t^n Fjancisco.' State Qf California, and where
*aid «^sets- were, eitua ted on June 30. 1304:
ASSETS. ". . .¦
Bank 'premises.... • JS02.000 00
.'".•'.. tstate taken for
¦". <Jebt •. M.2O9 00
United State* bond*..: 5r6,669 63
Miscellaneous bjnds. .- 2.1*63,115 61
Promissory notes •*-
cured by. first mcrt- •
C*ce cm ''reel estate
within •„'•> tstate and
Portland, Or., the «c-
tuf u'jt of which
Bonds and ehares of -
capital utoclc of eor-i
rorations'upob which I .
tnia corporation* has .
aanrnced . . . . iHe.DSs'oo
(All eaid Promissorj! ¦
Notes, Bonds . and
Ftoek Certificates are * "
this corporation at
- tual value of which •
" 1m? • ¦ . • . •"
In vault $89,667 69
In Backs...: 402,199 '«9— 492.1H7 2<?
.Furniture and .fixtures. 2,095 30
To'tal assets .(9,742,818 70
. .'. LIABILITIES. • *
To depofitori this corporaticn owes-
<Jejt>iit» amountir.gr ¦ "to. and the
cash value cf which 1e $9,162.915 39
To stockholders the amount of cap-
ital paid in. the actual value or
. which U ; 309.00000
Surplus ..• 235.000 00
<Tlie condition of said liability
to gtockaddtrt is that no part of
the amount can be paid to them,
or 'in any way withdrawn escept
• in payment of losses during the
. rxiften<5e of the Corporation nor
until Bepc-aitors shall have been
r<*l« In full the tn.'c'unt of their
deposits and declared dividends.) . - <
Contingent fund, exclusive of ac-
crued tut uncoirecte'd interest on
. invettments .-. 41,40337
Total lla.b!lit|e«..... -....; {9,742,318 76
MUTUAL SAVINGS* BANK X>P SAX
.l'"R-\XCISCO.
By fi. G. MURPHT. First Vice President.'
CEOJIGE A. STOKT. S.cretaiV rr " la * au
State of Callfcrnia. City and County of Saa
We do t'Jfmnfy «*c»r that we have fand
each cf us hat) a personal knowle^se cf the mat- '
tcrs Obtained in the* fore-going rejK/rt vnd that
*v*ry allppatlcn. statement, mafter knd thinr
sz^vAHt. 1 ™?- *° the ot our
S G filVRPHY. First Vice President
GEORGET A. STOnT. Secretary. • •
Subscribed and tworn to before me thfn 30th
d*y of June, 19W. \ • H. D. McELROtV
. Notary Pubu % j n for tW Clt -Bd
ty cf San Francieco. Sute of California.
15 D TT Q TJ 17 C fX>n barbers, ba-
DuUullCu ke ™- bootblacks, bath.
• houses, billiard .tables.
brcwero, bookbinders, candy makers. Tanners.
cytr*. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
thr.rerr, prietera. painters, shoe factories.
I'tUfmcr., tAr-roof#ra. tanner*, tailors «tc.
BITCH Ag A IT BEOE^
*rui b ilajBuiacturers, ;os Sacramento St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P«velopin^ & Printing
AT CUT PKICES.
Don't hesitate about sending
me your kodak developing and
printing', because I have everv
facility for doing:' It rirht. Let
> .me prove it to you through a
trial order. Here are a few
figures: "-..•.
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6, 10c. Roll of 12. 15c,
PRINTING. s A ;
Solio finish, 3c to 6c.
Vclox finish, 3c to 6c.
I also" carry a line of Daylight
Loading Films at low prices".
Cameras of all kinds repaired
at- moderate figures.
Mail orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS,
P. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1003 Market St., Above Powell.
S«"« Tratjnleco..
OCEAN TEAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11),
San Francisco:
. For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
Juneau, Halnes. Skagway,
etc. Alaska — 11 a, m.. July
S. 0. 14. 19. 2*. 20. Auir. 3-.
Change to Company's steam-'
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townscnd, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. July 5. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29.
Aug. 3. I Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbolrlt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., July .1. 0, 15. 21, 27, Aug. 2. Corona;
1:30 p. m.. July 6. 12, 18, 24, 30, .Auk. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angrelcs anl
Redondo), Snn Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 0 a. m. . -~
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a* m.
For Los Ansele3 (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Hanta Crua. Mon-
terey. Pan Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis OUispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 0 a. m.. July 2, 10. 18. 2fl, Aug. 3.
Coca Bay. 0 a. m., July 6, 14. 22 30, Aug. 7.
For Knsenada. Magddlena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
sall.-i, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1004 —
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 5, 19,
Aur. 2, 16. .
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chanire steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery 8t. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st., and Broad-
way whftrves. Freisrht Office 10 Market st
C. D. DlTNAJfN, General Pansenjfer Agent,
10 Market at., San Francisco.
qceanfcs.sxo.sisS
8. S. MARIPOSA for Tahiti. July 2, 11 a. m.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 16, 11 am.
I.D.SPEECKELS & BROS. C0.,A2tS.,TiCl[et OfflCJ 6U itf-
*et rreigit 0iBi3HM-mtttt. PUr/.i»ial; i:.
LOMFAON'IE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQEJ&
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ... j
Faljlns every Thursday instead of <JRf%Q&)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. 1
North River, foot of Morton St.
First class to Havre, ?70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, f45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AOENCT FOR UNITKD STATJ5S AND
CAN AD K; 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlt-g).
New York. J. F. FUGAJ5I & CO.. facltic Coast
Agents, 5 Moatgomery avenue. Ban Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agentq. •
. To U. S t Navy Yard and Yallcjo.
Btmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaved S". F., foot of
Clay St., north, end ferry hldg. — Weekdays.
l>:30 A. M., 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays, '9:50
A. M., 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— We yk days.
C:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 5
P. M. Far?. 2Cc each way. Excunilon rates,'
Sundays to V*alle, r 6. Glen Cove and ;n..\rtln«z,
50c round Mp. PIPER, ADEN, 'iOGDALL
CO., phone Main 641.' 'Saturday exce.ued. .
To IT. S. Navy Yard and Valla jo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO ",<ad
ARROW — 0:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon, 3:15 P.
M.. 0:00 P. M... 8:30 P. - M. lex. Suada'ii ;
Sundays, 9:45 A. M., 8:30 P. M. Leave Va.-
lejo 7:00 A. M-, 9:00 A. M., 12:30 NOON,
"¦3:15 p. m., 6:00 p. m. (ex. Sunday); Sun-
days, 7:00, A. M., 4:1A p m. Landins; and
. office. Pier • 2, : foot Mission st. Phone Malr
i 1508. HATCH BROS. . \>
Ir^ How to Judge Beer I
ttliI§U fREAMY FOAM
II^KSi C^S^5 ." An infamble indication of I .
I l»g£& £?~^^ffl$&f- body, age and excellence f
ll^^^^^^l^S • of brewing material. j
¦ I Ml#^?'^ A So1 "*' cream - v foam i3 tfa e invariable . I
U ffi^/S^ S&l indication of body, age and excellence of . I
1* $ brewing material in bier. Unless the X
¦ S CSt & rac * es °^ barley and hops, selected ||
I 1 $!X ' w^ extreme care, are used in sufficient I !
II . quantity, brewed so. as to gire the -berr j j
IB- ¦ the proper strength and body, and after- 8 I
II ward the beer is thoroughly ripened and aged, it cannot f I
U show the solid, creamy foam always fonnd in the famous (M I
A A. B.C. BEER ml
I "Tke only beer bottled exdusively at the. Brewery ** jKI
I THE AMERICAN BREWING CO.
ST. LOUIS. W. S, A. ' . ; T j^^^^^J
HILB&RT MERCANTILE CO. ..^iCgJ^fTjf^^PJ
Wholesale Dealers. |^^&^<V*®^f ITHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, i FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1904.
12
A-^CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
' 3 Eddy st., corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; $lsb for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences; new, one
year; price $'- > 200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st..
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
centra] location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. .-'\-ii-
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rcomlng-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement skle-
¦walks, everything first class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $£000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. V
FOR sale — Stock and Implements of a model
chicken ranch of 53 acres; 40 acres farming
land, orchard, vineyard; chicken and brooder
house; two years' lease; "4 mile fvom school,
2 miles from town; modern house, 6 rooms;
good barns, windmill and tankhouse; run-
ning water. Address P. O. box 265, Petaluma,
Sonoma County, Cal.
IF you Intend to buy or sell, it will pay you
to call on the ¦
EUREKA REALTY CO..
783*4 Market st. ; phone. Black 6S97.
' The up-to-date real estate agents.
HOTEL for sale or lease- to a responsible
party; located In a lively business town about
60 miles from San' Francisco. Address box
1066. Call office.
$250— RETIRING partner's Interest In paying
commission business; established 1884;. re-
. malnlng partner reliable man. Box 2647, Call.
DO you wish to Invest $2<»0, with services;
money secured; $t>5 month. 1221 Market st.,
room 1.
$1500^ — PARTNER: fine cash business; $400
month: will double; new enterprise. Box
2fil?. Call office. - .-,-y.:'
WANT $S00 for half interest -in good paying
business. Call 12 o'clock, 20S Emma Spreck-
els bldg., 027 Market St.; no fake.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $250'. 632
Market, room 0.
FOR rale — Good paying country hotel, cheap:
at railroad station. For particulars inquire
600 Third et., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store, with tables
for serving meals; best location in city and
a good trade; price $700. Box 25S4. Call.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and in good location. Address Box
837. Call office.
FOR sale— First-class country hotel. For In-
formation apply P. O. box 135, Guerneville,
Sonoma County. " •"'"
FOR SALE — Grocery with bar in Western Ad-
dition; good location: price $1200.- Box 872,
Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold- at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226.
Call office. Oakland.
GROCERY and liquor store In the Mission for
sale; price $1100; average cash sales. $21
per day. Particulars box 2543. Call office. S
$350— DAIRY and delicacy store, with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes et.
PAPER route for sale; 500 subscribers. Ap-
ply news agent. Point Richmond.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; splendid loca-
tion. . 666 Fourth st.
OFFICE man; light work; cash business; $65
month; $350 cash required. Box 2687. Call.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; genteel business: $75
monthly; young man preferred. 235 Kearny.
WANTED — To buy cigar stand; must be good
location. Box 2674, Call office.
$1000 — RARE business chance; thorough elec-
trician preferred. Box 1264, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; good location. Box
3.5OS. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; not over $050
. Addrews box 355S, Call office.
$450 — CANDY and Ice cream store; furnished
rooms; first-class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth/
Oper until 11. p. m.
LODGI1VG-MOUS1£S FOR SALE~
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy ht., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
first-class condition: cood furniture and carr
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $30O to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooma; cheap rent; new . and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
128 rooms; rent only $1 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lichts; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
7-rpom modern flat, close in, well furnished,
cost $600, at bargain if sold at once; $300-
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per . month ; every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $000 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us." v •;
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars. x
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms* grand, new, modern '. apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken. at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family ho^el on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY room-i, nicely furnished, Iease..$3500
26 rooms, ell men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55... ............. 500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1500
SI room*, rent $3 per room ............ 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 ' Kearny - st.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
If . you want to buy a house . or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try .
. MITCHELL ft CO.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house: desirable location;
close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms; all
full; price $050. . Address box 2542. ;. Call.
15 ROOMS; rent $57 60. 421- Hyde st. Room-
ing-house for. sale; furnished. . : ,,
40 ROOMS; downtown;' transient; clears $175
mo. ; .rent $4 50 room. Box ¦ 866, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE. 231 Third St.. for sale; 20
rooms; rent $75; price $350; on acct. sickness.-*
CHEAPEST. and best In America — The Weekly
~ . ' Call. 16 < pages, sent to ¦ any ¦: address in - the
United States or Canada one year for SI.-
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell .our high-grade nur-
sery stock;- liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
not necessary if you have push and energy;
¦ a- few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chlco Nursery Co., Chlco, Cat.
WANTED — Both male 'and female, to do house-
to-house canvassing; big money in It: with
but little effort any ordinary man or woman
¦ of int<»IliRencr can make from $10 to ?25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Halght st. • •
BUSINESS getters, acquainted with B. I and
L. insurance or' co-operat've Investments,
looking for betterment, call and see me.
' Ml * GARV IE. &3 Columbian bldg.,916 Market.
DETECTIVES throughout State as agents for
Goldrn Gate Detective Agency. 759 Market st.
ATTORTVEYS-AT-LAW.
o: W HOWE. 1122 MARKET StT~~"
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all lepal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay in advance;' mining com-
panies organized; ratents obtained: wi.Is, deeds,
collections; detectives employed.
EL W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red.3601. !
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st., 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ot
' noldirrs. sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
- eeysful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market «t_; c-'isultaiion ,
free; no fees In advance; open evcn'r.tfs.
AT~"roaiQgIT.E3.
AUTOMOBILES— Livery, garage and sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
. bought -and sold; will buy. or sell second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st.
Al'TOMORILE for fale cheap; 3-seater: car-
¦ ries nine persons or "more; 25 horsepower; In
perfect order. For particulars Inquire of W.
J. WEATHERLY, 20 Fremont Bt.
'FOR *ale — CADILLAC; canopy top; seats 4;
. perfect condition. Box 26SS, Call.
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. Box 1045,
Call office.
WANTED — A gasoline automobile. Box 2549.
Call office,
WANTED — To buy an automobile; must be
reasonable. Box 3510. Call office. • : • '
BOOKS.
THE book of the period: the novel of the cen-
tury.The Delicious Life-saving Kiss;byVerus
Casra.nder: to be published In the United
States and the United Kingdom' on July 4,
1004 fon that day in honor of the cordial
friendship between the two great and f-loricus
Anglo-Celtlc-Saxon nations and In the hope
of its increase and perpetuation.) Writeforcir-
culars. containing extracts from this ex-
traordinary book, to Dr. Henry 'Egbert, box
2C28. P. O.. San Francisco. (Long live the
King of England and the President of. Amer-
ica.)
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from 206 Powell st.. to 857 Geary st.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN boarded: best of care:, references
exchanged. 1721 Thirteenth ave., E. Oakland.
. BLS1%ESS CHANCES.
A— $1700; HOTEL with barC~ dlrung^roonT,
kitchen anit 3t> rooms; piano, «tc. ; flneet loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 26'-.
Kearny ft.
A— $3500; BEER haJl; choice location; 3- year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock of wines.
liquors, etc: See R. G. WILKE. 26ti Kearny.
A— ?450; ROADHOUEE: 4 .rooms; dance hall:
5 -year lease; splendid business opening. See
R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny at. •
A— $1500; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years; a good : paying saloon
and. fine fixtures ; value in sight. Call R G.
WILKE, 26»^ Kearny st. " '•
A — $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter St.;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
•• fixtures. See R. G. WILKE. 26*4 'Kearny st
A— $15,500; BARROOM; owner never clears
. le-ss than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>ii
Kearny st.
A — $S0O; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a first-class offer for good
man; $500 to be Invested in business; office
clears about $250 per month. See R, G.
WILKE, -26*4 Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
ho"Jse! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
. lease: a first-class paying reeort. See R. G.
WILKE, -.-qi^ Kearny st. .
A — $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tiie lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California;- place must be sacrificed on ac-
oount of HI health of owner. See R G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A— $450; BAItBER shop; 3 chairs; best loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Va Kearny st. ¦
A— $«0O; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
• cable house; place cstab. years, with eteady ,
and transient customers; owner clearc about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILlvE. 26*4
Kearny ft.
A— $1000; BOARDING and reoming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and -dining-room; 37' beds;
pood furniture: lease ;• place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE, 2S*4 Kearny et. '
A— $'J000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place e«tab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
"A1LKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke, 20 "4 Kearny.
SOME stock In the Plnal and Brookshire oil
wells, which are producing large quantities
of high-grade oil and selling to the Standard
Oil Company at from 65c to 75c; the most
• promising oil Investment, perhaps, in the
State. For particulars apply to
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth st.. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Oakland Crematory stock.
Already paying dividends in March, May and
June. 30c each month.
S. P. milling stock; pays 50c per share
¦ monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
these two above the safest and best paying
stocks In the market.
Some other attractive investments. Call on
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
$275 — BRANCH Bakery and notion store;
good location, good business- 4 living rooms;
rent $15. Merchants' Agency, lOOj'' Market.
BARBER ehop, H chairs; complete; rent and
water $20 .$400
Home bakery: no wagon trad-s; snap $2000
Cigar stand; 2 years' lease; rent $35 $40O
Branch bakery, delicatessen, notion store.$40O
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 100S*4 Market Bt.
$375 — RESTAURANT and cafe seating 45~;
plenty tableware, Ftrnch range 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008*4 Market St.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references:
present income can easily be double'd with
close" attention to duty. Particulars 1007 U
Market st., room 1.
FOR 1275— Fruit and grocery; also horse and
waroa; receipts average $20 dally; party go-
Ing to Europe. Inquire 1007*4 Market st.
!5.">C0— GROCERY and bar; fine stock; bargain
f">50 to £15,000 — Saloons; all parts city.
$2T>0-$3000 — Restaurants. all bts.city; bargains.
$150 — Concord, stage coach; good condition.
BERG, ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$550 — DELICATESSEN, family restaurant;
hrart of city; lease; rent $75; bargain.
BERG. ARMSTRONG k CO., 318 Kearny at.
.$950 — COR. saloon and 4 living rooma and
bath above; .good corner for business. Par--
tlculars with ALDEN. 1233 Broadway.
$2000— SALpON for sale, near Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland; rent $20 and. lease-
°*« er so'ns East; good bargain. ALDEN
12.>3 Broadway. Oakland.
$3f>0— WANTED, steady, sober partner: estab-
lished commission business; experience not
necessary; must be satisfied with $20 per
S^o a I ?5L ab ' 6 . to^eep light office books. See
H. C. KOOP & CO.. 1118 Market st.
K ~7* Z ?*}- PARTNER. cru"'ie~mIlUni"aM'^int
manufacturing business; fully equipped; es-
tablished: large proflta KREDO & CO.. 765
PHYSICIAN'S opportunity — Four openings;
?£Zk~ « a i^n eq . T ilS ment: es t»*Ushed business;
$500 $1000, $2000 and ; $3000;. present owner
retiring from business; will stand investlga-
tlon. Address box 1410, Call office.
$1500-^PARp:ER-New enterprise; must have
help; goods selling at lanre proflt; new Inven-
tions; monopoly; chance of lifetime; use good
Judgment. Call at once. 36 Geary «t., rmT 17.
GROCERY and bar la Hayes Valley for sale-
cash trade; new and clean stock of goods:
s^&r&s? 1 8ter -. etc - ; iow « a >
'• I
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continue*.
ASSURED SUCCESS^FO^YOU. ~
Call at once nnd save $i.
His famous (5 readings this week for -
$1 Si si si si SI Si ...-$1
No charge — No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE, :.'". - .
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
calmlst ever In fan Francisco. >j-.-
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You t& be full JudjreJ
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
•jccupatlon and what you called for; I tell
you if husband, wife or lover is true or false,
whom and when you will marry, how to gain
the love of the-one you desire; in fact, _ I will
tell you every hope, fear or ambition 'better
than you can tell yourself; his advicn is re-
liable, his powers are wonderful and indis-
putable: he improves your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment In mental and bodily vigor, health,
happiness and capacity to earn wealth; the
controlling power implanted In your, nature,
bo you can control any one secretly; gives
advice on mining and burled treasure; gives
you success in life; he guarantees you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his sen-Ices. 10
a. m. to S p. m.; closed 'Sunday. •'¦¦'.- '.v
3-20 O'Farrell street— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business, medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gifes an
accurate description of past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic. lov e or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you willbe told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction eruar-
anteed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, Egyptian rjeeress, The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. "Office hours — 10
a. m. to & p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs. A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me ; good readings-
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. Q.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
< A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given ; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. 23 "£
Sixth St.; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 444*4 Jessie at., bet. 5th and 6th.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
I and facts; readings dally. 917 Market ?t.
MRS. BAUMANN. "the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. .-..
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 30fi Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. <•>,
WHEN you 'become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDTJs'G'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 355-357 Teharoa st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Worka,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12&
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat~
treases made over. 1432 Howard Uel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. . 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for C cent**— The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. |1 per year.
CLOTHIHG BENOVATXIf O.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st..- room 14;
; phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CO*OZiECTXO*flT OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. .Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel' Main ' 6580.
¦uUJtJBS *B*DJ*'X'UK*B. .
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
i discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
' DEXTISTS. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
• warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. o0c;
plates, .«">; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental t-arlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLCM HILU -14.43 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when clataa are-
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
- from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, ncrw located at ¦ the
Grant building. I "05. Market. 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. ' 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. 51 CO up; crowns. $2 up; fillings.' 23c.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 .Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.rH. 1st
floor. Phelan bid., 606. Market, cor. O'Farreir.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 3oc; crowns. $2; no.
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt204 Suttr."
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 SIkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking or will go out;
$!• per day. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 14S6.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
Eh R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, j has returned
to take active management; bookkeeping,'
shorthand, typewriting;- $5 a month; -lire
scholarship $50: day- and evening. -Bancroft
building. 723 Market st. _•
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
St.; between .Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West,
come- and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures metre engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy. 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, eVg; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
V. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-'
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: *S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles Sat. 2 to S: prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay"a Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. meth.. sur"-
vey assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day. eve. Western Bus. College, 1107 -Market.'
CALIFORNIA • Business College. 925 Golden
Gate? ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK, i
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office-
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S38 Sacramerito. Tel. James S261.
A — ORPHEUM- Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnts- help. 426 Powell st. ; ttl. Main 8752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411H O'Farrell; tel. Eaat 428.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Erop. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr.-: tel Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 31S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 840 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAATKP— . FEMALeT
COMPETENT, 'reliable, good woman wants
work by the day, washing, ironing or house-
cleaning; |1 50 a day and carfare or 75c
half . day. PI.ease inquire at 58 " Valley St.,
between San Joae ' ave. and Dolores st.
A RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
poaitlon as a companion with an elderly lady
and do light housework. Box 2675, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day. wash-
ing, ironing and cleaning: $150; good refer-
e nce«. 1 Mlaaion court, near FifXeenth st. •
A POSITION wanted by a good plain cook;
city or country! wages *3O; best references.
220 Willow ave.. off Van Ness; car fare.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and. typewriter. Box 2667, Call.
THE^CALL
JOILV D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Addrri-s Ccmmunicationa to .
JOHN* McN'AUGHT. . ; . . . -...'MggggSg
VV. J. MARTIN. .... .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. Th? Operator Will' Con-
nect You With the Department You \*> ten.
. Publication Office..;.. Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson Ft.
XMlveifd by Carriers. 20 Ct?. Per \Wek, 75
¦ Ct*. P*r Month. Single Copies S Cts. -
Terms ty Mal'i IncludinK Postage (Cash With
Ordir): '
PAILY CALL Onclud. f-un<*ay). 1 year. ..?*¦ 00
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 6 moa... 4M">
DAILY CALL— r.v Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year....... 2.jO
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year.v I- 00
t-^^T-r^- fftaily...$S.8ii Per Y«ar Extra
££ R -F5^ I BUBdsy.TSjw Per Year Extra
" POSTAGE. 1 weekly. 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL rOPTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
¦ Cample Co-Ties ivill be forwarded when re-
quested.'
Mail •ubscrlbers in crd>rir.g change of ftd-
£rt*s iho-jI-1 be particular to give. both NEW
ANT- OLD ADDRESS In order to ins-are a
¦rroiBPt- and ccrreet compliance with their, re-
«u*et. .'
/ OAKLAND OFFICE:
J0I6 Broadway Telephone Main -10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
KiS Center- Street.' Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
N.ETT YORK ICEWS STANDS :
•Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI
fr-ion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Klfth-ave-
tue Hotel end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS'-
Ffcerroan -House: P. O. News Co.: Great
"Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hous«.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXK^S. .Marquette BuilcJlng
iLcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2^10.")
. NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
.STEPHEN B. .SMITH 50 Tribune Building
' NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
• C. <?. CaTFTLTON Herald Square
•*l?Uf=INESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
• Corner Market and Third streets; open until
:2 o'clock every ni-tht in the year.
-. " ' ERANCH OFFICES: •
• J0f« Market -street, eppos-ite Fifth; open untU
11 r. n. •
t2~ Montfro'rrtery street, corner Clay; open until
' . »:.*S0 p. zn. •--.-.-.¦
S<v> Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fX) •vlcAllifcter Ftreet; open until 9:30 p..m.
Vis L^riiin street." open until 9:>0 p. ra.
1"«41 MlsPiori street; open until 10 p. in.
£^•1 Market etrm. corner Sixteenth; open until
. 5 P. m. ' ' .
J<-«; Fleventh street;' open until 9 p. m.
1096 Vilenc'a Hre»t: cp«sn until 9 p. m.
"Scr*.hea-<t corner Church and Duncan streets;
open unti" 9 j^. m.
' Nortfcwert .cor-ij r of Twenty-recond and Ken-
tucky sTj^etF':* open until. 9 p. m.
220" Filltaore street; open until 9-p. m.
. • JIEETIXC NOTICES.
LA PARFAITE. UNION Lo^ce No. 17. m
F. and A.' -M. — Called meeting FRI- '"?/y
.* DAY. July '1; 19O4. at. 7:30. p. m. /^\
Kirst -degree. By order of the W. M.
' .. P. ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
APOE.LO Lofltre Xo. 12.".. I. O. O. ,j-VJgKS&».
IK First. !'.<r-i> THIS (FH1- -"^^Sfc*^
MAY! 1 ¦: V EN 1 N < '. . July 1 . S '-^ &?P3
o'clock fharp. Visitors cordially ¦*9>X» !r
• netted. .- " GCO.-C. TERRILU N. G.
\V. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA I.odee No. l.'K. of P. -"Jt5 . ¦
Jr>* t£ THIS FRIDAY at 8 p: m..
I'ioneer - building, 2* Fourth • Et. "JbSw
Visitors invifd. • " Jg£*C
" F/ O. MOLL, C C. •"*=--^
. R. N. alcLENNAN.* K. of R. and S.
EUREKA Lodge No. !>. K. of P.'. 909 -<J**
Market St.. me<Hs THIS <FRIDAY).\y^>\/
i:\tNIN\5. • " Pate .and- Esquire /3y&
rank?. • ViEi'tcru welcome.
-tr." croxix, c.-c. ""-^r
J. ~vr. C. >C.' R- 3.-
EAN FRANCISCO Teat No. 18. ¦ VSx'^S&V
K O. T. M.— Review THI3 /^S-^-SsS*
(FRIDAY) EVENING.: at 8 P2q
* o'clr.%' l^ionefrr Hall, 24 vfVl M. wil
. " " D." B*." RICHARDS.. . Vfei?^
. Jtecord Keeper. • N^SgBJ»^ '
UEQULAR- merlins of the Caledon- v rr >
ian Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- "JV, (^3Y
1XG at S o'clock, Scottish ' Hall, vvf^
117 Larkin.tt. •
A.. M. MACPHERSON. ' Chief.
. JAS. H.. DUNCAN. Secretary.
¦ SHELL MOUVD Park. . Berkeley. . x& v.
MONDAY. July 4. 19W. the twen- *V »«^?
t>--thir.<J • gjand annual gathering xi^Sl^s
and ramee. -.Scottifh Thistle Club. .
The greatest exhibition of Scottish and othe*
' i-pcrfs ever ttfore witnessed on this ooast,
partr ¦pat'etr -.In t>' the greatest atr.letes of
the •'.> orld:' Games. for all nationalitice, open
tr «M corners. Introduction of new ¦ featurei.
Three thopsaKd dollars in cash prizes, be-"
.fldets handsome and cestly medals for ama-
teur events. D<»n't fail -10 .witness the great
Irish, tjig and _ reel and -Cakewalk eontesta.
The amusi**g "obstruction, .three-legged and
>., k ract-s. beautiful and picturesque' High-
land darjeing Jay export . men. worhen and
* <*a:idren, exciting bicycle an'd foot races,-
• threat ch^Menre tug-of-war cor.t<«st. Clan Fra-
mt ve. Xbletie 'Club." special eveni for 3 p.
ro.; dancing, m-bcth pavilion-, throughout U»e
- • entire day -and'night; magnificent dfrplay of
fi'-eworks In -the evening. Let everybody
<-ome Amusvmenfs in abundance -for all.
Musfc by fij-st-class bands and corps of pip-
erf. Admii^icn to the park, a'dults <day).
Tk> cents, rhifrbt) 25 cents: children <day),"25
ctnis. (night) 10 cents. Parties- In Highland
costume admitted to park free. Buy :your
ferry ticketB for Shell Mound. Great High-
land Tre'come-for all.
GEOJtGE W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.'
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder. "
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State'
cf CaUf«-.rnU -will hold a special examination
:n the £ti*» .Normal School building,, lsis
Angr'ee. Cal., July 12, -13 and 11. law. be-
Binrinj: at fi:U0 a. m. Credentials should be
. fiiei vrtth the ppctvtary some days before the
-xamlnitica. GEO.. G.*- GERE. M. D., &ec.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of.
Fecretary. * New York. June 15. Vj<ji. Notice
to ttockholder*.
To jhe Stockholders of. Southern Pacine
Company:* • . .
Notic* is hereby riven that the board of
<:rectrv-s cf the Southern Pacific Company
. ct a rneetlnjr t£ls <!ay held, called a ppeelal
m*etir.B of the stockholder's of raid company
to coi>ve.ne Bt the office of the company in
3J»echrr.ont.. Jtfferscn County. Kentucky on
W^needa-"-. the twentieth day of July. 1904-
at 11 o'clock a. ni.. standard time;, to consider
end act upon" resolutions to-be brougnt before
thrm 8t ca.id * meeting In substantially the
form and to the effect following, vix:
'"Resolved <1). that the Capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be. increased one
hundred tr.lllicn dollars by iseulns one million
eddnional ebajxs of the. par valoe of one hun-
dred dollars- each." , ...
"fU*olved O. that the naid Increased stock
tfcall be preferred stock: that the boldera of
Kuch preferred stock : hall be .entitled to divi-
dends Jn each .fiscal year at such rate, not ex-
ceeding seven per cen£ per annum, payable
*eira-annua*ly out of the net profits, as shall
be declared by 'the board of director*, before
any dividenrl rhall be declared on the common
*tock; that each dividends ehall be non-cumu-
lative; that the honors of such preferred stork
rhall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
other "or turther .share of the proflta of the
company; that.-'upon \he dissolution "of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred etocfc shall be entitled 'to .have
their shares redeemed ,at par before any dis-
tribution of any part cf the' assets cf the com-
pany -shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock; tfcat said preferred stock ehall be
¦ irtvmA ¦ and sold from time to time to auch
crnounts and in such manner" as the boa'rd of
directors may authorfse and determine; but
• *t not lesa than the par value' of the shares -
that It shall be convertible into, common stock.
thare for chare, at the option "of the holders,
' st any time; and shall be* redeemable at the
option of the company on or-at any time alter
the first Say of July. 1905, and before the first
day of July, 1910. at one hundred and fifteen
Co'.Iirt ptr ehare."
"Resolved <Z). that the board of directors
shall be and they are hereby authorized to ea-
tabllcb. from time to time, and enforce all
«ueh rulea and regulations respecting th'e is-
tue. eale. redemption and conversion of -such
¦stock, not Inconsistent herewith., as In the
Sudrment <of th* board mdy be necessary or
expedient."
For the purpose of ruch special meeting th*
rtock transfer books of the company will be
cioeed July 14; 1904. at 8 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday, July 21, 1904. at 10 o'clock
a. m. v-
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
CHEAPEST and beyt in America— The Weekly
Call. 16. pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
. ' ASTHMA EEMXDT. - .
A. Dl Nola'a Afthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly.* 10c. =5c, 50c. ieO2 Market, St. Nicholas,
EilPLOYMEXT .WASTED— ;rBMAlB« : ¦
RELIABLE man and wite wlsH a P*>? ltl i o .»'
man thoroughly understands cart ©f f 0 '**""
- carriages, and is good gardener and gen-
eral man about- place; wife good cook ana
. laundress; good .reference. Box 26S0. Call.
; RESPKCTABLE woman. h» a good C»ok and
laundress. In * a private' American **""•*/
will to a ahort way fn country; Ukes c!UJ-
dr*n: -from J»13 to $20; will gfve reference,
47 Shipley st.. bet. Thirdjuid Fourth. __
WANTED— Position at sfcorvl work In a small
' iewis-h family by respectable young woman.
Ad.lress box gtSKy Ca|l "'flee. . '
YOtTNG Swedish girl wishes a*plac?> at second
work In- private family; city;. references. t>ox
•&«>. Call- offlot.; ' • .' ;
NEAT* steady woman -wants housework in
American; family! good cpofc: wag-j- $25; city
preTerred. Addres* bo* M2I t Call office. •_
AN experienced" girl wishes- position to care for "
children and assist; Kport references. Audresa
' 349 Hickory av3..bef.Octavla and Lag-ana at3.
TRAINED nurse desires care .of slclc P^"P n;
references. 123 Eddy St.: phone* South 333. .
GERMAN woman woufd like a poeiUoa la" ¦»
bakery. Bcflc 1416. Call office. . ¦
WAITRESS. 'experienced, wants position; citx
or country. 32-1 Mason st.; phone Black 2330. ¦
AMERICAN w6man. hju child. r»<l cook. .•
wants work;coyntry. SSI Mason; tel.Bllc.239*>.
A YOUN-O lady speaking Freffch aad German .
desires a situation as" companion to elderls
lady or governess to children. Address MIS3-
MERLATTO. 9 Bronte- at., nr. Cortland ave.
A RESPECTABLE. w«ll educated • lady, j 33
yeara old, wishes a p.»sftlon as hcttiaek-'ep*"'. .
city or country; $30 to-$iO. Box 1113. Call. •*
WOMAN wishes situation to io general houses-
work In a small American family. 1209 Vi
J>visa'dero St. '
POSITION --ranted as housekeeper in hot>l. *
rooming-house, or .aged couple: .reference;-
will go to country. .Call 1323 G<«ld*n Gate av.
TWO Swedish girls .desire positions to do gen-
eral 'housework: 'do pot speak English. Call
at 3S>5 Jersey st. ¦ •
YOUNG ' lady. ¦ experienced stenographer and .
typewriter' desirea -position; references. G. .
M.'. 1923 Mission Bt. , ' : * •
A YOUNG Swwitsh girl, jtwt out:from dwdwt ¦
wishes' a place: general housework; wag?»
• $1.*>. 2C5O Folsom st.
A.YOCNG woman, goofl references, for laundry
¦work a,nr|- house clpanfng. sweeping: $130 a
day.. Call 410 Frahklta st.. near Hayes.
JAPANESE girl" wants place ¦ at hcowworK.,
and rlain cooking. ,M.. K*D Stevenaon * at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received »« °
Call Branch, office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
.EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAUL
A POSITION as coachman by middfe-aged Ed-
ucated American;- strictly temperate; thor-.,
ough horseman : unri-srstands care" of cows,
lawns, etci; best of references. Box 1411.
Call office. ¦ m
¦YOUNG -man. experteneed butcher who caa cut"
meat, would like position In shop or drfv« •
wagon, city or country: Box 1407.- Call.
BE*LL or e'e'vator boy; experienced -Japanese „
wants situation at any time. ITO. 807 Polk.
JANITOR Wants position. Address, box 140»v
• Call office. •
SITUATION wanted as a painter. C. YOUNGS
513 Union st. '. r ' a
A GERMAN, middle-aged and . single, wfshf s
a situation In a grocery store aad bar-soom;
first-class city references. "tV. BOHLING,
417 Kearny st. ., ;
EXPERT egg candler i-Jho also controls dome"
egg trade wishes position; 14 years' exjxv-
rience in California. Address W. *E. C.» 724 ,
Folsom st. • •
RELIABLE gentleman wishes^ position la
wholesale house preparatory to* being trayel-
ing salesman: flrst-ela-is references; 10 yearn'
experience in furniture line. Box 13SS. Call. ",
A GARDENER wishes' position: thorough:*.
competent in all branches of horticulture: S *
yeaiVin last position; first-class recommenda-
tlcn. Box 1216. Call office. * .' •.
YOUNG man, well educated and reliable, with .
.knowledge of bookkeeping ana bustr.ess .»-c- ; "
'perience. wants position.; references. Bos
2654. Call office. " -. - .- . •
NUftSE <roale> desires position: graduate train-
ing-school: -flrst-clajis" references: uaed, ta "
travel. DURHAM. 123S Market at; .
YOU>JG man. • experienced .city cashier,' desirea
situation as same or. as office cleric; good pen-
man. Box 2C65. Call office. ,*;. V
Painter, paper-han"«rr, sisrnwrlter. wa-i.ts.wcvk:
¦ tools fur. 1272 Fjlsom st.;- phone Mint IU1. j
JAPANESE bouse cleaners, window cleaners,-.
• step washers, cooks, watt«rs, dishwashers, ,
¦etc. ;. long experience.'- -1SD5 O'Farrell St.;
phone Pine 1073'. . - •¦ '
RESPECTABLE Japanese wishes position, i-v
private family; can milk cow. work around
outside: clt>* or country; very useful. Br>x
- 12N0. Call office. • . •' . '
JAPANESE couple wjsh' situations; man as£
cook, wife as waitre*"s; both have haA Jong
•ex-perlcncp. Y. OKAMOTO. -tfi5 Jessie St. • .''
YOUNG Japanese • schoolboy wants poslUcir, In
- this city; best references. -ARAKI. 517 113-
pwnt • • • ¦ . -. .--- .y
A JAPANESE toed tfcy* waht» situation ¦ a-i
schoolboy or hoijsework'r In 'family. M-.. 744 .
JJpst St.; tel. Suttfr J731. • .
JAPANESE henest boy-"»cants a position to' do ¦
half a day's work . any place In city, vi- °
dress R. E., 415 Vi Powell at., city.
A JAPANESE wanta a position as a schoolboy..
T. KCWA. 2^4 O'Farrell at. "
A. JAPANESE boy wishVs situation; house-v.Mk
or kitchen help. KENTOO. 2.Vi7 Market st.
JAPANESE boy wants-. any kind «f work in»
afternoon. G. FUMI. 1SO"4 Fern av«.
JAPANESE boy -wants position tn. flo cdokius
and housework. Y: T. v .931 -Swcrarnento at. •
JAPANESE schoolboy 'wishes' a situation as. a
schoolboy. AdJress 572 Sutter st. '.
FLATS TO. LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^ .*
All desirable vacant houses *nd flats »re list-
ed In out free renting' department: over louo'
In number; a combined liat from all agencies: •
let us give you -a Hat and help you to find a.
place; we' never fail; .**ervic« free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO .
• * lOS) MARKET ST * /
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
I .' "
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an- Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time an<!
trouble. Cordes Flirnllure Co.. 245-1153 '4
Geary st., en the square. • . *
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful" new flat:, sunny eorner;
' 5 rooms and bath: all 1 modern improvements;
low rent; convenient to' Castro 'and Twenty-
f ourth-st. cars. • . ¦
CASTRO, 421. near Seventeeiuh— Sunny belt: •
latest improved new .pleasant sunny upper
flat, 11 rooms;* cortVenlent for two families-
t*o. •__ : .
$30 FOR 'two flats of 4* and 5 .rooms or $17 •
for one; suitable for er .housekeeping.
j 611 Washington st.
$18—6 ROOMS and bath: high basement-
sunny all day; 228 Thirtieth, st. PATTER-
SON, Examliierbuilding^J^^
BROADWAY. 1235, n*ar Hyde — Neat sunny
flags'. 3 largp roonl?. $11. : • •
DEVISADERO. •£». cor. Fulton— Elegant" sun-
ny flat. 7 rooms and bath: tent" reasonable.
$12 83 — 4 SUNNY rooms. 135 Ivy ave. near "
' Van Ness ave. and Haves ' at.
LAKE. 740-742— New flats'. 6 rooms each; T»nt .
¦$22 50 and $27 50; fine view.
FILLMORE.' 1124— 7-room flat: modern- rooms
all light; rent reasonable.
NEW sunny* lower flat; 5 rooms; r*itch dlnlns:"
room; 1953 Lyon' at. ; owner .cl^ana entrance.
LARGEST list of houses and flafs to let. Call
on LYON & HOAP. -lift Montgomery st ..
, FLATS To .LET — FUHXlSHEiX
liAlHm"ri29a*Bu^^ .
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished*
house has all conveniences and is situated in
¦elect neighborhood.
FLATS FOR SALJfJ — FURBISHED. •
GREATEST barsala in city; 6 rooms, bath"
piano optional. 257tf Market st. •
FURNITURE 6-room ant f«r sale; rent $22 50-
aunny. Call 10O4VJ Doloroa st.. near 23d. *
FURXlTt'RE FOR/ SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week..' T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 34ft Post st.. jiear Powell.
Ander.on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes every tiling toi»the houae; low priced
FURNITURE of 8* rooms for aale. Box »2.
Call office. • ' # "7
"rtTRNlTURE, stores, bong!-*, sold, e-ttlUnxedl'
,\ Barser, 439 Valeacta,nr.l6th:Tel.Cliurcli38^
TO WANT IS HUMAN-TQ TILL THE WANT IS THE
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bid?., over. Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sta. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
37-ROOM apartment-house; 'north' of Market;
corner; most elegantly furnished In golden
oak and btrdeeye iaaple; heavy velvet car-
pets; 5-year leasehold. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS: new and modern: 8-year lease;
income $1007. monthly; $630; profit
$4SS; doctor has ordered owner to Arizona;
it's a first-class bonaflde house.
MARION' GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; near St.' Francis Hotel; income
$114 over rent: well .furnished."
. MARION GRIFFIN.
16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.; rent ""60; proflt
$103 monthly; . suitable ' for a refined lady;
'make an offer to MARION GRIFFIN. •
28 ROOMS; $1200. See MARION GRIFFIX
for a big snap; quiet, full,, respectable*
20 ROOMS; near Market st. ; $t|00; lease; elec-
tric lights; chance for some one.
MARION GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS,' near Eddy and Hyde sta., for
$250 down and $10 monthly: It is clean; it
is nice; the rooms are large and it Is a bis
bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS, near Leavenworth and Sutter «ts. ;
in fine condition; lease; bis bay-window
rooms front and back; profit $160 month;
fine business for any high-class lady.
MARION GRIFFIN.
81 ROOMS for $4000: proflt $246 monthly;
wide, airy halls; large sunny rooms; men
roomers; owner can make $4000 earn $500
monthly in another business.
MARION GRIFFIN.
10 ROOMS, $300; worth $700; 8 rooms fur-
¦ nlshed; all rented; north of Market . st.
p. • MARION GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furnishings; fine cor-
ner on Sutter st. and clearing $175 monthly;
high-class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
22 ROOMS; SE. corner; house nicely furnished;
absolutely respectable; full of steady room-
ers; rent only $5 per room; clears over $75
every month; now If you want a good home
and a paying business at a bargain get full
particulars at once of MARION GRIFFIN.
spiritualism.
mrs. jTX whitney! "" ~~~~
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and Ufa
reader. 12C6 Market at.. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S writing' circle to-night, 25c.
619 McAllister; all private readings. 760 Cen-
tral ave., Seventh-st. station, Alameda.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, licensed medium;
seance for full forms, Fri. eve., SOc. 328 Ellis.
C. V. MILLER*S seance to-night, 8 o'clock, $1.
1084 Bush st. ;" will leave Saturday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL • DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He is no Imitator. His work la upon original
lines :i Pure thought,^ clear vlflon. He tells
you what you desire to know and works in the
open light.' •"
. He is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for . his - original ¦ expression
and vivid truthfulness. • ¦
A test reading is not a life, reading; when
you call on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test is of little
value; when the mind- Is troubled you need
more substantial aid and advice; this is Just
what Prof." Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a first-class clairvoyant reading. -
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish In Inn 1 m O]ljL(jjfH>ji j*f<j"j*il
•¦ Would it not be a relief to • know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you, and of the schemes of
your enemies, that you may meet with better
Buecese? . •
He does not mention all the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir, to; you are acquainted with
the facts In your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are - troubling < you,
find ; the cause of the trouble and suggest the
remedy.. . ~r. >".- '.-¦
His only, reason for giving your name in full
or any - important ' information . you may desire
is that he does this Incidentally as a chain to
read by. ni itm, HM« ww mftjmi "m 1 m til Iwhiit
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 428 EDDY ST.-
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to SP.M,
'A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant cry»-
tal seer and life reader, * will , tell you exactly
. what ' you ' called ' for without • asking a ques-
tion; names •riven; special, $1; hours 10 to 8,
. • ¦ ' ; • -i ¦
Th© jSefeiirtif Sc -Toaster - :
. '...A Most Useful Household Utensil.:. . .
..Will Be 'Given to Want Advertisers...
__ -in—— — —
MF¥T -SI IN DAY'S : CAI ¦ II '
The Scientific Broiler is the latest and most improved article on the market for
toasting bread or broiling oysters or clams, steaks, etc. It is especially adapted .for * .
gas ranges, as the lower screen holds the flame and compels the heat to be evenly dis- :.
tributed. Toaster can be used on gas, oil or coal stoves by simply turning it over;
coarse mesh, as indicated in above cut, to be used for coal stoves and the finer .mesh
'for gas or oil. C-.yp ¦
This article is strong and simple in arrangement and can be easily cleaned.
Premiums presented Thursday, Friday and Saturday to classified Advertisers in .
next Sunday's Edition. .
Want Advertisers only are*entitled to gifts.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OKFXCE of The Saa Francisco Call, corner Jdark-t and Third itreats;
©pen unttt-12 o'clock every night in the year.
? BRA2<fCH OFFICES:
lflOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open uatil 9:33 p. m.
360 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•31 McAllister street; open until 9:X0 p. ra.
CIS L*rkir» street; open until *i:10 p. m. /
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. ra. ,_,
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
¦¦L 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ' , tfj,,,
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2290 Fillmore street; open until 9 p.m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway. .......Telephone Main 1083
• . BETRKKI..ET OFFICE: • I
JUS Cesrter Street ....Telephone North 77
¦ :,<r. ; - -;.;,;-, - ;"¦ ¦'-¦•¦ ¦ — KV-e ' • ' ' .
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Bchnelder's Book Store , : . ¦. Park StreetTHE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JULY 1. 1904.
13
j ._" HORSES AJVD WAGOSS,
] KOR sale— Chestnut gelding, 5 yrs. old., size lfi
hds. : pcrfrct hcrsc- in all harness; warranted
sound. 'Address Harry P. Moore. Menlo Park.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surrey*, bugsles, carts and harness; at
1140 Folso*-o at.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; r.car Black -Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 1U0 Stevenson. S.F.
T.W0 harks and 1 ."J-ton wasron in flrst-class
crder. Maud S Stables, Eddy and Pierce sts.
WANTED — To buy n light driving buggy; I
state pnre. Box 853. Call office.
\VAXTKI)-A stylish aaddle home. Box 1037.
Call office. •
NEARLY new low-set wagon; capacity 900
pounds. S43 Howard st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, . buggies, wagons, har-
nes?. work tnd driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HORSES WANTED. '
WANTED— A good horse to weigh about 1500
lbs. : state age nn<l price. Addres3 4521 Rail-.
road ave.. Alameda.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Kames tricycle chair. £018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AXD b'OUXD.
t FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
i flowers and all descriptions fioral work at I
I' tfne-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHJBELET, THE FLORIST. . £rV|
PARTY who took suit case by mistake from I
Thlrd-Ft. car about 4:15 p. m. on 2!Mh can j
get their own by returning former to 214 Pine I
St., room 29. . , . .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Kan Franclsro. In the
name of Mary Casey, No. 16-C75. The finder
' VtUl please return to bank.
LOST— Purse. $10 gold, gold locket, chain; ini-
tials E. C. T. 24» 5th st. and receive roward.
LOST— In the. Mission, scroll breastpin with 5
small diamonds: liberal reward. 21S Guerrero
_APJ*CHE3 FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot- of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Cc.TJnlon.st. Wharf; boat-
ing _ excursions. 5 Steuart at.; tel. John "JOSSi
MACIIIXEUY — Bonght, Sold and Ex.
FOR sale — 1 cut-oft saw, 1 scroll eaw, 5-inch
t-ticker. 50-H. P. enirlne. 30-H. P. boiler.
F. A. GEIER. -2005 Market St.
AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
proce?s>; excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
'• MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years" experience in all fe-
male- disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market gt.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints «nd Irregularities:' instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2t> Post st.
MRS. DR." KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief- guaranteed.. 1C0SV4 Market st., opp. 5th..
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are elck or
. in trouble consult this specialist -on female
complain ts;' positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;-
advice free. Office- 101S Market St.
Drs. Goodwin, 731 Turk, above Van Ness— Ex-
perts in obstetrics, female .complaints; lnst.
relief; treatment $16; hours 10 to 5; 20 yrs. ex.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511A
; Leavenwotth st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell..
LALHES'' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. .SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADTES — Kumround; safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.,* Kearny & Cliy.
DR. an<l MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment, 1120 Market.
Dli. ROSEN reY-ides 2005 Fol-«om St., corner
Stith: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR BALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES. YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
•Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofa.
ELATERITE KOOFiyG CO.. 713 Market su
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
j'Ulleys. shafting, etc.; etc., bought, sold,
'rented and. exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
FOR sal» — Second-hand laundry machinery,
consisting of engine. • boilers, mangleg, wash-
inn; machines,' ' etc. ; reasonable. Box 2C50,
Call office.
A — FINE euits, $7 50; dres» pants, $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2^8 Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine«, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear «t. *
GENTS' l\iir drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
Buits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sa"e on
small weekly payments. United Loan' and
Trust Co., 21_ Stockton st. ¦
J. COOPER, cents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Pa.lace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
- uristalrs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to Op. m.; Sundays to noon.
' I'lREV.'OOD cut to length; large load $2,* de-
livered.* E. C. PITCHER _ CO.. Sixth and
Hooper sts. ; tel. S 375.
TRY our. irjeh'a' shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we piay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
BUTCHER shop fixtures for sale, complete,
with -refrigerator, cheap. Inquire Octavla
and Fulton sts.
AWNINGS, tents, new. eecond-ihand. SUN TKNT
&. AWNING CO., 42 S.pear St.; tel. John C48G.
FOH sale — Young chickens. SOc and 35e; lions.
40c. ' 900 Treat ave., near Twenty-second st.
HACK In good order; cheap. 8C2 Howard st.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only
makers in State. BAKER'S, 21 Spear st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runt*, all leading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson, 220 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
rleht at Richardson Bros'.. 1810 Market st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less.' BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAJION
TENT _ AWNING CO..35 MkUTel.Bush 85a
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
• vols. KING'S. Cl. McAllister st., nr. Market.
"EDISON Phonograph Agency. • *Peter Bacl-
galupt, moved to 78C MlsElon st.
ROUND camping' tents for sale: cheap; -sine
new; lCxlC. Sip Third st.; tel. Main, 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
SAFE'S and *casn registers, new and second-
han«T. L FIIE-MAN, 1329 Market st.
SOME good 2d-hand gns-ollne engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap; E. B. rftCK- & CO.^ 122 Mkt.
! BAFES — New and second-hand. THE- HER-
MANN SAFE (JO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New nnd second-hand. E. B. BECK
& COi 122 Marke.t st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles arn launches;
all tHzes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
A'WE-K'S nows for*5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi pigfE* In xvrdpper. for mailing. $1 per year
• MlSOELtAXEOUS- WA.VTS." '"."-
BIG pf Ices paid, for old : gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, . etc. : send,
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23.
Stockldta st. * -
A— MORRIS gives" highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal. 843 Folsom.
HIOHEBT prlc? .paid for. castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 050 Sacramento st.: ; ,\ -\ , ¦;
, TILTON wants -good -second-hand clothing and
-^theatrical .goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie £851.
DESKS boughf.. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
: • '.' >tO.\CV tVAATKlJ.,'
WANTED— $400 and $800:. 10 per cent interest"
security lotB. O.R., box 2680, Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALB.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celeior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
en; close to electric cars and school. ° vST-as
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 3.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMll\NY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Calllghan *W».
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1400— COTTAGE 5 rooms; extra lot*, must sell
at once; $300 cash, balance $12 per month;
this is certainly a snap. STtlG Mission st.
COTTAGE with all modern Improvements;
terms same as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard, cor. Army and Condon sts.
MONEY at C per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part -lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building. • <
FOR sale — Near Cortland ave.; new cottage.
6 rooms and bath; easy terms. 333 Eddy st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH _ MAYER, plumbers, 83G Howard St.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The 'Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'rited £"tntet-. or Canada one year for SI.
''"y?;?' l^"*!i^ tU KEALli-J'I'ATB.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
and <>]ectric roads; land $300 per acre; -lots
50x200 at $150; orchard . of IS acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT, 401 Cal. st.. S.F.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
REA1, ESTATE Conn try — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. W0O8TER CO.. ftlS
Market et.
A WEEK'S news for S cent! — The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for ¦ -a'.llng. $1 per year
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE!.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 'rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; $750 cash, balance $25 per month, in-
cluding principal and interest at 8 per cent;
one block and a half from' car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 2210 Ward
st.. East Berkeley, near college and schools.
MORAN _ SWAIN,
2181 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley station.
$1250 — ChoJce. corner lot, east on Grove;-
52x137; nne location; two blocks to station.
Address 2G30 Grove st.. East Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. 8. AUSTIjr, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HiBAL K NT AT EL
$5500— LESS than cost;. 8-room rustic buga-
fow; 2 baths; exterior finish, Including
porte cochere in natural redwood logs ana
clinker brick; large rooms; beam ceH'ng
ln dining-room, all paneled in llnwood
oak; large corner lot; fine marine view:
. convenient to business center, cars, local
trains and schools; terms, only $250 -cash
arid $50 per month; almost new and thor-
: oughly first-class In every respect; catmot
do Justice to this property In describing It;
it must- be seen to appreciate its low value
end many attractive qualities.
J. 8. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2800— REDUCED from $3500; magnificent ' 6-
-*"\ room cottage; -all large rooms; bai-c*nent;
combination gas and electric fixtures;
mantel in dining-room and parlor; large-
lot with driveway; first-class, nelghbor-
; • "hood; enly" 27 minutes to San Francisco by
Kpv. Route; terms, $200 cash and $35 per
mnnth; to see this place means to buy It,
as' It Is a much- better place than .this ad-
vertisement can describe.
; j. s. myers. r
1002 Broadway; Oakland, Cal. ' *
FURNISHED COTTAGE. •
- Lovely cottage; high basement*, sunny; close
in; adults desired. *¦•*¦' .
t_TPretty homes sold on rental payments."
HARRY L. HOLCOMB 314 San Pablo ave.;
one -of the largest offices In the county.
FOR. sale — In East. Oakland, new -7-room 2-
story- house;' every modern, convenience; well
built and nicefy finished; choice lot, COxl25:
near lake and boulevard; one block from new
' Key route line; 40 minutes to San Francisco;
reasonable price and terms. B. H. WELCH!
• & CO.. Fifth are, and 18th st., Oakland.
$3150 ONLY for a fine home of 7 rooms, bath,
stable, chicken" house, fruit trees, etc.; lot
"75x150; all street work . done; location In
East Oakland ;• half cash, balance on mort-
gage. P. C. LAKSKN. 466 10th st.; Oakland*.
$200 • CASH — New house, 6 rooms, near Key
route Etftticn. Oakland; must have money at
onct; a bargain. Owner. 16 Chronicle bd., S.F. "
' OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
Ff»R rent In East Oakland — 2-story 10-room
house In nice order; 1 block from Clinton
station; on electric car line: .rent $30 per
¦ month, including' water. B. H. WELCH"**
CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st.,. Oakland.
OAJCLAVD^FURXITXJRB FOR SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni?
ture. Tl.Schollhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklaad.
Sari Francisco 'Ad vertisemts.
ROOMS FdjlJIOlISEKEEPIXG.
SCOTT. 300. NE. cor. Page, near Ha'lght-st.
. cars — Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; bath, gas range, dishes. * .
CALIFORNIA", 302t5— Nicely furnished rooms;
housekeeping or otherwise If desired; tu>
other roomers- ¦
CALIFORNIA, 1304— 8unny front bay-window
room-& kitchen, connecting; reas. ;no chlld'n.
GOLDEN GATE tive.. 1200— Low'er flqor; sun-
ny front suite with kitchen; running .water;
gas range. - '
HAIGHT, 234 cor. Buelranan—^ 'Two . aunny
suites. of 2 and 3 rooms; furnished house-
keeping rooms. e
HOWARD. 710 ",4 — Sunny houeekeeplng rooms;
adults; respectable; no transients. „
HOWARD, 23S1 — Well-furnished front* suite;
y;ird; $12; adults.
JACKSON. 1220, nanr Jones— 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nlshed rooms ' for housekeeping. "
JESSIE, 333— 2 larjje. sunny basement rooms.
fur. housekeeping, 2 beds. $15 mo/; alroiargo
. tunny front parlor, gas pange, waiter, $15 mo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1U40 Pine— 1
Sunny, furnished .l-raora suites; s£eatn heat-
* ¦ ed, electrl<5 li'ghted; free _¦ baths; rates reas.
LARKIN. 8I7H— Nicely furnished sunny front
A room; fold ing 'bed, gas ato.ve; reasonable..
LARKI!n\1007. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
Ungame.prop. ; rmi.. single Ahkpg.apartmenta.
MCALLJB.TER, 007— 2 nicely furnished * sunny
". bay-window ro$ms; sto've, laundry. • bath;
German; $48. -;.- •' . ' ¦ .
•MINNA, 439B — 4 rooms furnished . for house-
. keeping; separate entrance*.
OAK. 117. "633 . McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults. -
PEARL, 3, corner Market— 2 furnished "house-
keeping rooms, $14; phone; no children-.
SECOND. 212— Housekeeping rooms: nicely lo-
. cated;no children; also, single. rooms; reas.
SEVENTH. 154— Sunny, front suite housekeep-
' , ing rooms; $150; upper flat.
VALENCIA, 822—2 sunny sult^oTh^uiekeep-
.. ing rooms; electric lights, gas and coal ranges.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscrlptlons~recefved -at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlcefor The Call foVthe reception
. of - advertisements ' and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market' St.,, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p, ;m. : - .. • •.•-
- . --PAJBTMEBTT HOTTS-S.
ST. CECILE. HB Fell. *above Van Ness ave.—
.The acme of perfection in -modern, elegantly
'¦¦ furnished > 3-room : apartment*. - with private
'. -baths, steam heat, elec. light, elev.; gaa. range.'
BT. LOUIS, ' 1 575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4- J "
rooms; furn. oc unfurn,; refs. Tel. East 13E0.
'• /. VtltXITIjHE •tVAXTEll.
r~ 'ABIS—EVT.
• • -• ml <p* room, ll"ri M»rk<-t at. Tel. Jessie 761.
. .; .-n't cll jour tur^lture. carjiets. olfice fur-
• .¦ liar*, •tc . until ycu Kt-t bis estimate.
• VAXTHS- To buy a folding "bed in good con-
--;.Vit'":r. Addrt-ES box 1029. Call office.
¦ 1 \s- CEVX & CO.- pay Mphcst pi ice for fur-
.'. T-iCur. ...<--T^:-'.'tc. 7K2 ?Jl«g:e-i: tel. gu-*h 413.
-" ".IinLP *tt'AXTEn — Ki:.-«JALE.
. -JVA'NTCD — I-'irst-tlaFS waitress and parlor
'..r.-.'ia, near. Ean Rafai*!. $3.''. -eee lady at
¦ :';;n this fort-noon: waitress and parlor maid
."' -.:.-Oak'Snd. . «*"i5; German u-istairs s>'"l. to
V*Ittok« o:ter child 7 y-ars old, "(-'iS: North
I "- t-_-rmnn. nur».. fc:5; chairbermalfl and -wait
. c*a.*.hcip'a hall for cr.nitarlur.i. $2T»; 5 restau-
./.-ra:H" waitreisra, " 5B-51O x»rr -a-eek; cock,
• country boat— — s-tiobs^, *30. and others. Ap-
. -]iiyto:J. IV CBJOSBTT.-— CO.. .'134 Sutter st.
tv./\X.TF"li — Cook. r.o (v-U-jC $^5: cook. German |
:..sr<-ip, r*rr T.n«h. tZO: PrVncb cocl;. countrj-. j
,SV*l ..cook, Gci-mcn ftyl^. plain wanh. f3(>; .
• . IS." Kirls ; for haw— work, city "and country, J
- J-.-5 ar.6 $rfl». : Apply to .7. F. CRO^SKTr &
' .CO.*. ."i4 gutter tt.
"\'AXTKl)-2 first-class waitroetjca Tor nfee
. ; sur.in-.er rcForu near city. $25 each: also a
. ••j.rntry .pirl "for- the Same bouse. $23. steady
• .'-Aork. g» to-day. A'rp'v to J. F. CHO'SETT
* _" C0.. S..4 P'uttrr m. ¦ "
"• Ji — WANTED — Girls to : l«arn halrdreyein*.
•• tnar.h-uYlr.j-,, '«¦}?. ; tr?de tauclit from A to<Z
:'t.*2 wtcSctr: tuition S5 tt» \l-.ose enterjng' notv:
3 positions to • f.ll Immedldtrly; rc*itlons
• f.-jarartfyd at $10 'per week' u;>; leading
• .- V-*h.>il.;n.'W<*< 1 ... 2-*J3 Geary st., room 13. . j
• A-'- GIRLS -to learn n-.illlncry now for /all «fa- j
• fj: both, --rayons tm-pht from «-tart*to finish ,
. :' Iji 1 jjionth for- $V5; position ns tiimmrrs,
. ' ?«I»«!»'!ies, etc., guarant<~«d at $10p«r wk.un: '
\*M%. and »vrn!njf c!a*s. 143 P<cekton St.. r. 13.
-. IlHirdr^slr.tr. manicurlrsr. mast-ajfo. KlU* treat-
1 " jMtr.t. hs'ir work, removal supeiiluous Lair; $5 2
. *"'k«.: <!a:-. f-ve. class; rosltlor.s secured, highest
w.-ar's.. Removed from 1230 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WAN'TED-Two yon R* wome.n to fiU the po-
-. • f-Itloas of «*amFtrc-ss nnA do sorubblr.sr an<l
• '.f'lsh* ashlns;: grt-od »*grs. Hebrew Orphau-
. »-£e, -t>00 IJ«v!ji3<1ern street. . .- A
¦; «";O0D*. rap'd *<rritfr; steady posilion; answer
.-/.¦•own. hand: full refcrtneei?. Bex 1350. Call.
-y<">L'N<i- ,w;(mii to 'wash <Jif-!.ts and help in
-;'. ki'tchen;. fleer horn*., £474 Mieslon St..
.'-TJaLDKKES wanted. .40 Fern ave.. off Polk
•V* '.'.- between Sutter and -Bush.
;¦!*_&_• .*fl!lrig girl for housework ; family of
.'/f.'twlo; -sleep homer 3t_7 Seventeenth st.
:;-VO ANTED.*— ,Fiisj-c!»» • itehographer witlL
¦~-^fcjip«*leflW of t"ot."kkeepin*r, competent to taUe
. - : :'¦-.. b^rrf .{>{¦ "office: good position. Call en W.
:""- vVv. f >INT W ac»4 Sacramento St.. aftef 2 p. m.
¦i3tt--~S.Nl Vtti — Y6ung- woman who is an 'experi-
; -infetf dry _r<"s -\Taj>per. Apply between 9
,¦¦ A-iind .11 -a. m. at HA*LE BROS.'
/l'OSITJOX of trust for wpma-j of busine«s ex-
•'" : ;""'l'""ri«"nc*« s: re^erences and bond. Box 1403,
>: :v>.!.jg"1.6ffics. ...
•*A--«;U^IA'BLE girl foi-Keneral housework, small
y..:'- :*-'ftt-y:* $-**.]¦ <W Minn«f f?t.. near Fifth.
• ijlRV.fct. seneral .{".ousework. an.d cooking; $25.
..' *«*i C>-2 <Jr«n'l Ft.. AUnneda. • *
•TAlRjrr.'-Pn-AIlLE- outing: *IcJc hops In August.
' * . :: ?'. rft '^ 5 Clemens Horn. K2 Battery sUS.F.
.*>'Dy.EHTI?T?MENTS. subecrtptions received at
I r-O^ll. branch office, cor. Duncan and Church rta.
*• *A..l'-KA-N/:H.offlc* of The Call for the reception
:.-:"" *f -s-Jv«r"r*-i«tnv(-Tits and subscriptions has been
'." '•'Ji" 1 * > "-sf ?¦ at c iOOb- Market St.. opposite Fifth,'
t •-• '-'er.'yntil 11 p. m. . .- •
V--'':' rilRLP WASTED — MALE.
,7-UlJST-O.LASS. forema'n. .carpenter,, country.
_':'«¦ tableman. c?mi>aiiy horses. ?5*}; millter and
. "-.v/ijirator. man,--.$.'i5 and found; fawners; la-
. • \t>GTfr "and teamster /or lumber co., ti 50 day;
.. .cjirriage .serter, .$»w 'an^ found: 2 croesciit
-. _*v*^l"ci a. *nd board :'"--aacfiine men.-f.'J 50
'.day/.black'sni'.jh helper. $1 50 day and board:
¦ - and *QQ£e*f_ . J/. F-. 'CttOSl^TT- 4 CO.. C28
\ . *;'fa.''ranv»ptJ.Vt... . * • .
ki'.pOliaiid.-Vife." tountry, .$75'r baker, country,
f {f^-i-wt^-K'-'and/fognd an4 increase; pastry
..c*><3k'..-..?.ir..-.-X'eek _hd - found; fr>' o*KJk. $14
. »**&.;: .reHaurfe ft t co<ik. $1G week: b .-.ardlnc-
•. "I'cuse-'jrock;. 6-Hr and --fo-jz™.: 2 country hot^l
". :: J-'fri=r^r*--.':-*3<> a.nd -fqutid':.* porter '-for -sprln-fs,
'¦'•*25»-an ; l-.- ltm«d; "potwaf-fcer. *25 and found;
. .*.-VWi.T;>h«r.*." J. F.': q-ROSE-TT-& -CO.,' CIS
• •'•-• Vt." .> . }l • . ;
'.'t'?!-^X^^^>i>-^''''«nd wife.- both' for" flining-
.~..~:.i(<f^p '¦¦'¦xiiff. .f*-*'irt. ' 'ehort- distance. $50; t«n-
»:* s ifi"JW<i*ri'-'e'Kd" : ;*-jfe .as' waitress, or ..man a«'
¦ : .W'?.;t- rV'ac/3:»i-1'e a* pji"ntry girl, for summer.
r -•:¦ ••>>;*,¦.¦ -sv:r't* dis>V4nci». $r.0. Apply to J F.
¦yi^i^^Kt^tijjy^J'Zii -gutter at.
i"V : ''-' ¦¦•".' ''¦• -;Q '-HOffD" & ' SMITH, *
••.X^.crtrH/t -QyAJimm .. .* - . ' . S*i Third st.
¦S?K$8>$>#Z- - : ' :-' XEV^-tf A". -NEVADA.
->'.A.:. : :."?>">v"i*- the ;*best. offer made. yet.
•r- £&&**«*• ?>••;>•.•.•• - : * : -: '¦¦¦..:. $i^>
,'.N.;is-*u : r|js';;r>v.: >.;¦.;'.-. ..-..-.• 50
O--^vft::^ i r^^ s^' h **"«-* tl < ! gives you a writ-
, .-•^•.•-»k*i.a'r.-'-'.-.-»'-.'/" i 'reiund' your fare In *en (10)
.• : V.<£*>-»;'.;..:T : aKe-; «d-.-ar.tage'.ot this ofler for K
' .-/^. ».>.:;. r,'r<:.--J^->t-'l;enip..-.. '•- -;.*.. • .,. -•'.,.¦.
iV^Ep-.'t'^o^c" '•j^iiLoaJENt' OFFICfc.' ~
r^v:Jf-^.-<"-»>'.='St- : ¦•'•••.-¦•':.•¦' .'•-. Phone James 2476'
1 •/•¦•,Js :s *C-rst»^ >'An«rtets... •"..:.•:<.•.•. $2 50 day
;-'-' < >,.rv,k^T ; .« ; .Vhr,ve,l men. -._"i. -....-..« f»0 day.
- M?B*.' i- r->' i ..:-l'*ng.-J-rtj* . :". » :-. $2 25 day
:V-"V«xjb <?X; :-.-. . ,.G<n->rhinept.".*«"brk -Nevada
jjj*?a'^f?r*-^.-.lhbo"rtn-«;"--<ir»li«?r8 -and muckere.
A ;^'W 1 .;";an!tcr"-'who'.-c*n run elevato'r.'for
:S*jfepfrt'?*}r*)$~**i'-f4&}" .ANDRE'S, 317 StOCk-
*A^&<Z'tii('$;A7ttTE "CO Montgbmen' r 12.
•¦'-y.?;. 1 :''*^:l.i''.'. i r*.-rrfu^lc.*_'a!<. In resort hotel.- $30.
'.*^;.A^if;i'A':Ma.nv:-»nd wife,. German preferreil,
I * : -*.?»--.<''' i tp-r5t.-':-f?r.*the!r'e.'B-ii account, ¦bbardln^r
¦ ¦¦J-- ijV-V-^rn-'-ifted-- -Jrith .winery In* Fresno
. >;>-. ¦.: : : r Tl:^.'.i->£eiVstjed-appJy fcy_ letter,
• .-¦">.'¦ ¦.*:• ¦>¦; ¦! x*.*rt.fflce. . n«t jAtec -than "July 2,.
Jj^ff^-y^ll.-Qtnce; \ ;. ¦• ' ' -
: an(J "J>oyji- tti-l*a ra " plumbf-i*
¦.;iU-a^/,v<V-;y;-^»-Bf-T«s:- l -<Jo''fichoo]L ot I'racTlcal
i ..-. ; J.->3r-rt"i^^T*»Bn'.fpr.cataIfrr^e.'"Ad'dre*» 4873-5'
._¦; i:a.iit (ji'ji'-r'ye'.v .M : i<ouif?; So: "• - . • '
"••» AT?.tit *jtjP*/«-V ;.liocai":MS "tike" notice — The <-lec-
•"• .' V- •:• $?:*':*;*** vt .°" t*»e ' lnterrutUoa'aJ. conven-
'• .*^*P~. vsij*- ; 7la«e_'.Tufr.«aiy eraning,- -Jaiy fi;
.^Jt\^'j**£s&fri&: -•; J/3S. R* BLEILT.'Sec,
"R'A:;Tl;i^v^cujrs- "man * who is.*an ex*teriencea
•o*T-:'lfr:>*''-y'r*»pper,-..AppJy between 9 and 11
- a.; ';rn...sj. -HATLE -.BRdg; t - " • * "...
*£V A S'TiH Jf-H-Brl-flvf; fxjjr'f or "manufactivlng <on-
; c*rrj; .*A«i£-*E;--tb begin $25 pe-r-month.- .Address
', ''^JX. .her»«<--.-r:<;ng. -bog. .1405. ..Call office.
STiiOSQ -*boy- Tor .general * work ¦ about small
ferin.-.-waiV^- 115 4 Address box 10«, Ban
lUficl,* .*Ca.!.-* "'I "/•.-* «... .* -. '.
BARBERSH^-fhJa.'.r efcop; -. «1cknVt*» cause of
. ssle: nr< Jtasonable offer rt tfused.. 1090 Va-
itncia tT: :¦¦'..'...'-¦*
•-' " — - — * * ¦ • - *
"PARBnRR-^Fon *sal»:- M.nr':et-st. -rton; receipts
$40.- Call Jut. 1547 MIs'sTog'st. . / * j .
BA-HBEU .irBBikl for. Patur-lay and Sunday
_30B^£aW'_X > abro iv^e.. ;c*)_klan<J- .'
"UAP.BER'on." percentage; .alVb apprentice. 222*4
r_st-*t., jaetween..Howard and Folsom.
*tV*ANT£n)--L&tor«'r to work.'ir'ound new build-
In.o. Apr>Iy 2806 J'tlsom St. ... * • .*
GOOD' t-.ard rock mlnrr not over 40 vears of
bet.. "Box. 1409. CaU office:'
*COY-Vn->ted. to- .wash Sl'l* Castro st.
*CLDEIll[.Y*-.ina-5 to cook" for" four *or fixe men*
***** .$20. * <; _U 600ilaight.se " *• " .
pIsmy-ASHJER wanted. 25S * First* fit. ' " \'
TXVO m^n-'to 'act as private' dit'ectiVei. . AdV
dreti- hem 141-**; .Call offic-e.* *.*.••
' MAN 'for .K'ichen work; '$4 pei. Wfc>k,^ light*
work; -Short -hoUrs. ; -Cll Larkin at.
MAN .t&te nianagernent'outslde business; paj's-
?75 mor:t-rvr..s lilS'.lMaifcetfct-t room L"
A NO.M TRATKt.KRf*6r.who;esale eeeU Kouse;
expert *nr-ed*<= im;**anrv.-er. In. own haf.d, g)v-
Ing fvll refe-j»n^rs-Vn4 eypcriCncfT. Box 1320.
Call ofSce...- . \- -.- * ; - .
BA RBEP.S-^o»a. ihop 'in .-J>st" country tt>wn~Tn
tb* 6tat.e ior*f ? !e: 3- .chair»>:and. bather g^cd
_f ' i " Jet ** •'.•OtCKELMAV BROS.. J.09
W .*t N . T ?-*^ 3i ?J OTeni " an<J «'chanlca to 'know
ff J U^ nolltl iJ" R * nw H ™»« .proprietor, has
r Zf$*iSL 70 ! > ne *^. l ? onis t0 'he* Denver House,
217 ThiTJ t.; 2&0 roamt.; 2S,to SOc per night.
*tt'ANTKD— 50 iren ind women to' learn the
r^\ £*__£ fre *.', • r!iraatl0J *» guaranteed.
Cell ct H&lshfi College f,«7 Commercial sC
t TRY cur men's cho»-i. union mad» at $1 and
*1 to pair; foot-form shoes at 12 50;. wo v&y
?xpress cr mall charg«s ; 11 3d f u. Exam. bid.
BARBEKS — *>-chair i-hcp for sale; 5 years'
I'-ese; best location In city. Apply 00J Jesule.
A profitable outing; pick hop* In August Writa
_ C.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Batt?ry irt..8.F:
LABOR debts <ollected; suits. . atUchments
Law and Adjustment Co.. 228 ilontgy. r. 419.
-TO UNO man to learn barber trade; wages
»*2"J 1( * jearalng 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and yotang men (green hands) for
ffcip*-. I1ALLBERT. 517 Jackson «t.
l — — . ¦*
tAl_OR8 and ordinary Htmen for «11 narts of
I _^the world at HERMAN'S. 27 •Bteuaj-t.-st. "
{•PrxFION Atfy..i:. A. Brillls. t»40. Phelan bids;
I fast Con. Ceo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. H.
HjBLP .WAVrKD— MAI.K — Continued, |
MURRAY & READY/- *' ¦ !
U31-C30 Clay ft. • ;
PHONE MAIN rSlf«.
¦Leading Employment and -Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
GERMAN. FBENCIL ITALIAN.
SCANDINAVIAN, GREKK. ' SPANISH.
SLAVONIAN. DANLSH, L^r•guaKes.
. 19C.1 AAe Gave HK)4"*"We Hops to
Ctf.OOO lien Work. Increase C0.000.
HE HAS ARRIVKD. NOW AT OUR
OFFICE.
P.e*>rCi<;ntative of United States Government
\vcrk ' being done close to WADSWORTH.
IN. STATE OK NEVADA.
• FREE FARE— TO ONE — TO ALL, — TO YOU.
COST ONLY SI OFFICE FEE.
MUCKERS, $75 -
' TEASiPTEP.S . S75.
LABORERS." $75.
; " DRILLERS. $ao.
] CONCRETE MIXERS, $75.-
! BLACKSMITHS' HELPERS. ?4u found.
J COOKS AND WAITERS. $W. $23..
i CALL EARLY — See reprcseniativo at our of-
j flee: firit-class food and accommodations;
steady Jobs.
- .CROWDS GOING DAILY— ARE YOU?
SANTA FE R. R.
Is good to us. - . We are good to you.
1050 Miles. FLORENCE, $10 50
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. 8 P. M. DAILY.
Drillers. $3 to $3 00. CENTER
Teamsf-rs. Jf2 to 52 SO. " OF
Laborers. $2 to S2 50. GREAT MINE8.
I DON'T be stinjey with your distance: get I
(Hoscr. FARE by railroad ONLY $1 GO.
OFFICE FEE. $1— THAT'S ALL. j
TO LOS ANGELES. i
The' land of sunshine, fruit and flowers, |
ulrere man can work every day; big -ft-ag<-s.
- i -, -?¦ 'J -. BM TEAMSTERS.
$c0 month foh you:
these came at •"midnight.
by: phone, telegraph. ; •:••. '¦'¦.
special mail delivery. * :-v
Storckeei>«T for 'a pold quartz mine, see boss
ai our «ffice. $2 75 day.
15UTCHERS.
Dutcher. shop work, fare $1, easy and good,
( $o5 and -found.
f • Hutclier, jouug irian, shop and wafjon, fare
"Go, $'!U and found.
Butcher, slaughter work, ranch, fare $1 25,
(50 end found.
. ' COOKS.
Camp cook, fare paid. $75 and found.
Young man. drive llglit wason. city. '$35 fd.
Teamster for a mine, fare ?3. $35 found.
BeHboy,* city. 5=^5 and found. •- > • '<'-•¦¦
cook, hotel, fare iJOC. $50, $55 found.
Third cook, hotel, 30c fare, $.")o and found.
¦Waiter for a mine. S. E.. $25 and found.
AV&iter for a. camp, city, $25 and found.
Cook. 14 men, free fare, camp, $.'50 found.
Laundryman, hotel, plafn work. $25 found.
Co^k, Country hotel, fare $a, $00 found.
Night cook, camp, 10c fare," $45 and found.
¦> cooks, boarding hotels. $40 and $55 found.
'• Tamale maker, country Job. .""40 and found.
.Cook's helper for a mine. $30 and found.
4 dieh and pot washers. $-5 and $30 found.
"Saloon porter, city hot-el, $25 and found.
V WAITERS.
"Waiter,* first-class city hotel, $35 found.
Bartender, assist, and wait, fare 30c, $25 f-J.
' Waiter, assist pantry, hotel, fare $1 '25, $30
and founds * '' - "¦•
Waiter for resort, Monterey. County. $30 fd.
Walter, northern hctel, boss here, $30 found.
Waiter, 90c fare. $30 found.
Waileri $1 75 fare, $8 tfeek and found.
3 waiters. -city httel*. S. F.. $30 found.
Bedmakc-c country hotel, $22 50 found.
5 PORTERS AND BELLBOYS.
LAUNDRY HELP.
Steam Ironer. country, fare $1 25, $8 week.
•Body ironer. country, fare $1 25. $10 week.
Polisher, ironer. mangle hand, washer, coun-
try jobs, 51i», $12 and $14 a week.
. • CLERKS, ETC.
Ice.crcam. soda fountain man, $15 week.
Man for second-hand furniture store, $00 to
$100. s . -¦
Casfiler, restaurant, check system, $40 fd. .
BAKERIES.
Third baker, fare 40c. this is eood, $30 fd.
Driver, city bakery wagon. $35 found.
MECHANICAL. .
Painter in- and outside housework, fare 50c,
$3 *50 to $4- day, boss here.
Palmer, carriages and wagons, fare $1 20.
$.*>0 and found. '
Carpee-trr. city Job, $3 day.
fcraw fil^r, lumber -co., f?onoma Co., $2 50 day.
Shingle . jointer. " lumber company, Sonoma
Co., c*:jo-$.>r. and found.- ! •
Plasterer, mix mortar, city, $3 day.
Ircn molde'r, fare $1, foundry. $3 to $3 50 day
BJacksmlth, Mendocino County, $3 day.
Blacksmith, Northern California, $3 day.*
Blacksmith. Marin County. $45 to $50 found.
¦ 2 blacksmith helpers. $40*found. -".-'.'•.¦
4 plaeterers, $4 day, country;- stitfceY hand,
$4 day. *"
Plasterer. Marin Count}*. $?. .
2 concrete sidewalk fin'ishere, 'fare 30c, boss
her<-. $4 <2ay.
Painteu, country, fare SOc, * bar and 'shed
work. $3 60 to $4 day:
- CARPENTERS.
£ carpenters, fare $1 SO. $3 50 day.
Carpenter. * plain . work, city factory. $2 50
day. " • • . ¦ r-'
W heelVvright, carriage -works. $3 day.
Cacp«-nter. -fare DOc, $4 day.
* ' -• LUMBER,. ETC.
Planer man and l»ookk<-eper, lumber co.
Oars edgerman,'. lumber company.
Fpooltendei*, lumber" co., south, $50 found.
12. "coopers.* slack u-'ork." steady, 10c barrel.
6 saeh ijntf door hands, $3 60 «1ay. ". ; ; .
Sliiflffli" saw fller, : .Sono'ma County, $3 day.
• 2 lumber •tfradens. bossr here, $90.
CtlckFr'hand. 'city Job, $3 50 to $4 day.
Lumbfi 1 crader. boefe here. $3 <lay. \
"Tallyman, lumber' company. $40 found.'
nost-.* woodTraan, north, "boss here,- $90 fournj.
Ganp edgewnan, . L. Co., $75.
Brtrtcsetter-; country Job. $2 50 day.
Head dbnk»yman,' $60 and found. f
Logger who understands rigging. $60 found.
LcRg'er, Dtjbeei; donkey. $75 and found.
3 men make stak-»a and split staves, red-,
wood, .bo£s hen*. <50 found; 2 screw turners.
Ox. team«ter. $50 found: 2 carriage setters;
hook .ten'der; S shingle packers; sticker hand;
25 -laborers, lumber company, you'll suit.
.Cutoff sawyer, $2; mrrider.
..*¦. 153 Woodchoppers.
.. -155 '.Tie and Picket Makers.
'"Tools, provisions, 'all found. • «ood priaes.
MISCELLANEOUS JOBS.
Elderly man. carry banner, clfy, $7 week.
Driver, milk, -wagon, milk, fare $1. $40 fd.
Man run separator. 12 cows, boss here, $3.1
end' "found..
La»jorer. do little butch*rine. mine. $32 50 fd.
¦ ' . FAl_JS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 nrilkefs. .$30, $33 found.
'12 fa'rmhan*;*. $30 found.
14 choremen. boj*s», $50 to $15 found.
* 12*-statlem*sn, $.°.O found, 500. $75.
LABORERS— TEASlSTERS. .
22 laborers and teamxters, $2 and $2 2S day.
' 5 la**>r-»rs, factory, $00.
l2 laborers for mines, you'll suit, $30 found.
4 mtnera: different mines. -v v.
MARRIED.
Man "and wife, fruit ranch. Placer Co., $50 fd.
4 'farmers and wives. $V>. $50. $00 found.
* Married tarine--. no jvork for wife. $35 found.
• ' FOR A MINE.
* ChiJ-vman and wile, Gefman or- Franch, boas
here,' $00 Sound.*
. . MURRAY _ READY, : ¦-
. • - 034-03C Clay st^
_ _______ .
.2 ifam chovel ran-f foremen, $100. . *
. All for Qov<*j-nment work, Nevada; manager
• at our ofQce: tee him to-day.
MrBRAT & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
PLAIJING and Saw Mill. Box Factory.'
C5 boy» or younjr m«n, $G0 month
05 n^en: no e-cneriejice' \ranled for men or
boys; $C0: steady Jobs: call early.
'MURRAY & READY. &31-C3C Clay st
. • *- • FREE FARE. .'
Ne*jr railroad work East: 2 years* work.
-*. lf.5 Gre«ks. or Turks. '
.- : .155 Austrian"-?. • - *
* • J55 Sl-^vonians.-
ir»5 French' or Portumiese.
155 Spaniards or llcxlcans. ¦' '¦¦''-¦
* IAl5orers..$75: <irillete, $00; muckera; $75.-
Contrete mixei— $75.
. Te*am»tert, $75;-* other help.
¦*-..' . FRK£ FARE.
General manager of this Job at our office;
. see him.
.-.- .'MURRAY & READY.* 634-630 Clay St. •
ALL
Jt«n -to .-learn t».e BARBER TRADE*, only
eigKt weeks required; petitions tecuztsd: con-
stant practice, and'expert instruction: special
. offer and cata!rp-i«. mailed free. *
MQHLEII SYSTEM COLLEGE. CT» 'Clay st.
WlNCHrSTER aic\»>l. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k«.— ,Co roomsi 352- nlcht; readlna-rooms*
*-! trge b **** i tn j ba^eace to and from ferry..
ALL elzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price* 5(".*i Mission *st.. bet. 1st »nd 5j stj.
OKT yo-4r- «-hep« half -soled while waitirt* 25c
to COc. St3 Mlstion st.. bet. Ift and 2d >ts.
* . SALESMEN WAHTEdT
! TRAVELING salesman wanted to 'take Kood
. mllinK.^rticle p.» eide line; good commission
. 414 Po>t ft.. upBtajra. • ¦ .
' HOUSES TO LEtR "
A— PRINTED ilft of houses to let"; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. VMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FCBXISHED.' j »
TO let— A • comfortaole furnished ¦ housi . of" 7
rooms and bath; fine view of ' bay. " 1418
, Taj-lor %U r;«>ar Jackson; hot^e open for
ln«i>eotton from 1 to 4 p. m.
HOCSES 1VAXTED— .KUilXISHED. ,
WANTED— A completely ¦ furnlthed house or:
flat of (i rooms. Address ttab uric-i etc.. box
1V57. Call office. •• .
. AJV nt U -M IN \nJ S) -^l he \v\\ M I MI r
DIVIDEND ' NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: Plioenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the *ix
• months ending June 2<>. 1904, dividends hav»
b»:en deciafed on de-xisitr- in the saving de-
partment as follows : On terra csrtiOcates, at
the rate of S per cent -per annum; on .ordi-
nary savings -accounts, at the rate of 4*4 •
per cent per annum, tree of taxeti and pay-
able on and- after July 20, 1904. The ?'Phoe-
. nix" has a -fuaranteeJ capital of $200,000 and
a total paid-in capital of $1.20O,0CO.' Its
. board .of directors are: A. A. Watklns presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentlsa Smith, treasurer; George C. Boar*-
man, director; Gavin McNab. director;
Charles* E. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
aging- Director;
DIVIDEND NOTICE: THE GIANT POWDER
. COMPANY, Ccn.— A dividend. Xo. 67. *of
•fifty cents (30c) -per share on the Issued
capital- stock— of the eompany has been de-
clared payable at th? office of the-'company,
rooms l."J-.\ Kl and 20-t Hay ward buMUIng.
San Francisco, on July 11.' 19O4. Transfer
- books ' close July 5, J!>04. at noon. It. II.
RENXIEt. Secretary, pro tern.
OFFICE of The Hibernla Savings- and Loan
Society. corner-Market. McAllister and Jones
sts.". San Francisco. 'June 27. 1904. — At *
regVl— r meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society", held this day. a dividend* ha*
been declared at the -rate of three and one-
fourth (3 Vt). per- cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending June Uk
1904. free from all taxes, and payable un and
after July 1.- 1904.
ROBERT J.TOBIN, Secr*ta-r.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and 8ub-
urban Home Building • Society." fifth floor.
Mutual" Savinwa Bank building. 70A Market
St.. opposite Third — For the half yoar end-
ing June 30. 1004, a dividend "has been de-
¦ cured at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificate*, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday, July 1 1904. • .
JOSEPH A. LEONARD.- Manager.
HUG ft CRAIG. Secretary .antf- Caihly. '
DIVIDEND Notice* California .Safe X»p*»lt
• ' and Trust Company, corr.ee California and
Montgomery sts.— "For the six- months ending
I June 3t>. 1904. .dividends h/tve been declared
. on- deposits In the savings department of jhU
company aa follows: -On .term detosita. at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, atyl on
ordinary 'deposits, at the .rate of 2 per cent
- per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July I. 1UO4. .. "
J. DALZELL BROWN.. Managgr.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
' tlcn. corner of California and Cattery streets.
• San Francisco, haa declared a' -dividend of
8 per cent per annum on Class* "A" and
"F" stock. '6 per c«nt on term deposits s^nd
6 per. cent oi) ordinary deposits, fpi* the six
- * months ending Jane 30, 1904. ' -
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIE. Sec. _ Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: Sap FranclsCo Sa-rtng*
'Union. 632 California «t., -coraer Webb. —
For the half year ending with the 30th of
. June. 1904,** dividend. has been -declared at
the rate per annum of three and one- half
<3*4) per cent on term deposits a'nd three (3)
per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after* July 1. UWJt.
' LOVELL WHITE. Cashiet.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The MarKet Street
Bank.* corner Market. and "Sevent-h sts. — For
the half year ending June 30. \pix, a divi-
dend "has beerr declared .a,t the _at<9 of thres
Had one'lfalf (3.50) per cent per annum* upon
ordinary dejfc>s!l! (savings department). fre«
• of all taxes, 'naya'ble on and after July '2.
1904. W.: B. NASH. Secretary. .
DIVIDEND notice — Tha Frpnclt" Savings Bank.
815 Montgomery St.. .for the half year en^-
¦ Ing Junei 3O, 1904, a dividend has been de-
. dared -at .the rate of jhree and one-quarter
<3><4) per cent per annum on all .deposits. '
•fwe of 'taxes, payable, on and after Friday.
July 1. 1904. • v
• LEON BOCQU.ERA'Z. -Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Tha German Sa.'tnss an<j"
Loan Society. .526 California st. — For the half
year ending June 20, *19O4. 'a dividend haa
been declared, at th.c rate of three and one-
quarter CJV4) per cent per' annum on all de-
posits tree of 'taxes payable on and' att«r*
FTiday..JuU* 1. 1904. . .- . ", .
; . OEORGE TPPRXET. Secretary. .
DIVIDEND Notice: Mtcl%ani-cs- Savings Bank,
southwest comer Burh and Montgomery sts.*
. ---For <he half year ending with, June* 30.
10O4 a*'- dlvMend has be£n declared a& th*
rate .of -three and t>ne-quarter (SV) per cent
pier anrrtim on all deposits, free of taxes, pay- ¦
. able on .and 'after Friday July 1. 19&.
' . -FREDERICK H: CLAP.K. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual- Savings Bank'
pf San. Francisco, 710 Market St.— For th»
half year epUlng June SO,- 1904. a dividend
"has -be-ert declared' at the rate at three and
.»ne-qudrter.-(3V4) P*r cent par annum, on all
.deposits, free of »axes. ..pay able on and' after
Friday. July 1. 19O4. . • • .
'. ' . (3EO. A, STORY. Cashier. "
DIVIDENP N0TIC_— Security Savings Bank. «
222* Montgomery st.. Mills* but'dlrfs"— For the
. half- yeajr ending June. &>. 19«4. dividends
upon all •deposit.-* at.the'ra<e of three and
• ejne-quarter /3H) per- cent- per annum. fre« :
'of taxe'sc will -be payable on and after July
: 1. iflO*.-. FRED W. RAY 1 . Secretary.. .
DIVIDEND 'Notice: *Hilml5pldt Savinici Bank.
• 18 Geaiy.st.— For the- half year #ndlBg-Jun«
30 a dividend on deposits ha* been*' declared*
. at the rate- of 3% per cent per annual, free-
of faxes, .payable on and after. July. 1, 1904. •
. ' - - ' .-W. B. PALMER. Cashier.' •
DIVIDEND Notlae — Savtngf and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St.. corner -Sutt-er. haa de- .
elared A dividend for the term ending .~un» *
•30. 1904,' at the -rate o*f three and 'one-quarter
'(3^) per -cent' pee annarfi on all deposits. fr»«
. . of .taxes 'and payable on- and after July V.
1904. • •__ CYRUS W. CARMANT.' Cashier. *
CHEAPEST and best lrr America — The Weekly
'.Call. 10- pages, sent to* any addresa In th*
• United State* or Cianada a-je year -for $1.
B1AKRIAGE IJCENSE^,
. ' The- following fnarriago llcenwa wer» issued
yesterday:. . ••.'.*.
- Benedetto Traverso. " 39. 429 ¦ Greenwich .
street, and -Cattertna, Tmverso. 13. 439 Green-
wich street." .-•.*• • -V
Henry B. Blackburn. 25. 639 O! Fan-ell strwet.
and Sochta C. Verkouteren, "2O, 911 Webster.
Vaughan M. Garstde. 2S. city. and. Irene O.
Stack. 24. city-
John W. L. Wagner 25.. Lo* Angalea. and
Lillian A. Rub'erg. 23. Hilda. 8. C.
Thomas Hatty, 35. Dawson. Y. T.. and Mary
E. -Walsh. 20. 1128 Sutter street.
Jerome J. Conway. 21. Ren;?. N**»., »n<J •
Etta if. Andersan, 18.-72 Ninth street.
Robert Gary 28, city, and Linda. Qu«iro!o,
lf», city. .
E. Lawrence Weir, 21. Oakland, C— _ C May
• Warde, 24.- Oakland. :•-••;
• Joseph J. WiUJams, 22. 1604 Guerrero street,
and Anna Stor.e. 18, 12» Twentir-nlntfc «treet.
George Hartman. 32. 33 Eighth street, and
Ethel Houfchten. 22. Oakland.
Frederick E. Paddock. 30. W8 Gea*y street,
and Mary E. Wllsey, 23. Petaluma.
I John A. -Chevalier. SO. 112 Xlly avenue, and.
Eulalie Cesmat. 28, 1121 Laguna street.
Thaddeus K. Ford. 28. Long Pine. Nebr.,
and Rena 'Shepherd 36. Alnswortn. Nebr.
Rtc&ard E. Murtha.' 21, Oakdale. and Llzxla
Rodden. 18. Oakdale.- . ••
• James A. Curson. 29. 1019 Pine «tr*«t. and
Mary A. Connors, 27. 710 California street. -
Alexis Bonnehon. 3O. 23o Montgomery ave-
nue, and Gsnevleve Lhando*. .24, 15 Srttt
Pl IIenry N. XVllccw.- -64, Grand HoteL and
Alice A. Stewart. 45, 713 Grovertreej.
' Lew Jams Bo . Fbnda, 43. 806 Sacramento
street' .and Le* -Wong Shee. 22. 808 Sacra-
mento street. - *
Jew On. i52. 1022 Duixmt street, and Law
Quan -Ytng. 21. 1028 Du-jynt street. •'
. BfflTHg— KARBIA.6ES— DEATH3L
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent "by
i fnall will not be Inserted. They must be handei
•' in -at either «f the publication . offices and b*
indorsed with the name and ,resldenc« of per-
- sons authorized to have the same published.
Notice* restricted simply to the anoouncenwnt
of the* eveht are.publlJhed opce In this column
fiee of chtfi-ge. . • • - ¦
. ' BORN. •
FRENTRTIP— in this city. June 27. 1904. to
' Ac wife*, of L. A. Ftentrupi « son.
N4ENSTADT — In this city>_June 18. 1904, to
• tbe wife of Edward R. Nktnstadt.' a son.
• i • MARRIED.
KEISER-^XTNEMAN— la thl» elty^ June 25.
. 19O4. hy the Rpv. O. A. ' Bernthal. Gustav
Keiser of thlv city and Amnta Buatttun of
. Qa-kland. • • . -
KESSLBR— JESSEIJ— In thla dtr. Jane 2».
• 1904. bythe Rev. John Stephen*, Joaeph P.
. Kessler of Nlles. Cal.. and Haqna M. J«M«r
of San Francisco. "
MARQUIS— ACIfER— In this city. Jua* 28.
" 1UO4. by tha ReV. W. E. Dugaq. Frank
Merle Mafauls of Petaluma. Cal.. and Llda
' Acker o* Akron! Ohio.
"MENSING— HEJTMULLER— In thi« city.
June 29 19(M, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal.
Henry Sensing and Marie Heltmulier. both
of thl* city. --
NTJNAN— CONNELL— In this- city. "June 23.
10O4. by. the Rev. Father Ortffln. Frank
Nunan and Frances Connell. both of thi* city.
SIEBREC-T— WENDT— In this city. 'June 2i>.
1904 by . the Rev. . G. A. Bernthal. Adolph
. Sleb'recht and Blanche Wendt. both of this
city.
•WOODWORTH— 8LOBISKE— In this city,
June 2d". by the — ev. Dr.'E. Nftlander, pa*tr>r
of Firs.t _n«*tish Lutheran Church. Joseph
M. Wocrtworth of Portland. Ore., and Rosa
.Slobifke of this city. *
• Continue, on "ft»ae Fourteca, '^
J^ MONJKY TO LOAN.^ * j
aaa-herman' murphy, ~
C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick, settlements ; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments or rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. ,
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN "~
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
i Mortgage, on real estate or % '."'-."
Chattels, in city, <town
or country.
-Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office. . .:'-
SALARY LOANS— ~~~ ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and "courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
• liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
, S4G Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault in protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN- OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- house*, without
security: easy payments; large business in 48
| principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
I THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
I 1 Z__Z ¦ ~™~
j MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PSR cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
. diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Slxtk gt.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
¦life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo, S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
• tui"e, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & i>Ianos;.$15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy St.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1C03 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market at.
l"-4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorse. MORELL, OOP Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
IiEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hapd, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. (Jive us a
call. W'a can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5(-0-G2-tS4 • Hayes st..»
A. FEW good uprights, returned from rant,
comprising such makes as Chickering, Vose,
Steinway, Steck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Haines and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
; JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 10 O-Farrell st
AFTER the summer is over , you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary
st.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway^
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 137 Geary st.
FOR iale— 10 pieces M. 8. music with words.
30 McAllister st., care landlady.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage. 1U3C Mkt.'
$60 FOR a fine uprlpht. If you want a bargain
'call at 'HORNUNG'S. 210 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano, for sale; $85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st. '-
SOHMER.-ny.ron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian flano.
player. BYRON MAUZY. .308-312 Poet St.
NEW. upright -pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
roenta. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
3-PEDAL' Strinway up; Chickering baby grand";
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe't*. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES .TO LET. .
STORE to let. 'suitable for butcher. - Inquire
grocery store. Sacramento and Spruce sta.
PEItSONALS. .
A BUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made U you can get bar-
Bains like this?. Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. 'ROW ELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysi:*, neuralgia, pneumonia.
Fore , throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for.
over 20 years; price 50e. Manufactured solely
by ROWKLL _ BROWN. 32 Turk St., 9. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its irrowth.stofs falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or . stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affectln?
••kln. mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by-
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 328 Grant, ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" . produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50. postpaid;' physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
YES, almost a year since my northern trlrC
when you wrote regularly; hope ypu are well
and enjoyln-r yourself.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and. trousers at CHARLES LYONS' % London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 -worth of furniture for $7~50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLI *.NT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post «t.. near Powell.
FRANK G. O'NEIL: Send address to H. E.'.
2tM6. Call office; something Important.
SUPERFLUOUS -hair '& moles r»moved by elec-
_trlc needle. Mj-s. Dr. A. W.Tra verse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE. Mill $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores loet eyesight! .cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th; nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open .until 11 p. m. \ -
' < -•';- PALMISTRY.
A— "MMK. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East.- 510 Eddy st.; phone Polk 4611.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. '513
Taylor St.. near.Gcary. Phone Black-561.
PATEKT3. .¦.-..,
INVENTIONS patented. F, P. MEDINA all
torney-at-Iaw. « Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
.PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and ¦ residence,
1021 VS Market «t.. bet. (ith and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 10735s Market st.
REMOVED— DR.* WONG HIM. lierb^octor.
treats all diseases ot the human body; for
pant four yeara at 115-117 Mason at., now lo-
cated at'0C7 Geary St.. rear Leaven worth. ¦ '
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI*Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 72J -Washington st.
WONG WOO, tha famous herb doctor— All* dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st. _
DR. WONG HON.aiM Powell st. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated. -
AOT^tCJPPlilES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.-l
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
, higher and lower prices;- rentals $2 50. The
ryt'^wrltlng Exchange. 536 California sUr.' X
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each ; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. " cornery 6t . :. ,;.-..,.• :, ¦ . . . •- •
2D HAND typewriters • sold, rented,, repaired.
.Wfbater .Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
¦ '. ':".:..." - -' ,T_-y£ '¦''•-'¦;;¦¦¦" ". :
MOTHERS' and daughters', home treatment;
¦ booklet <tnailed- free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ava. .
ROOMS TO LET — Fara. and Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth stT^R^oms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1, $1 U> night;
$1 10 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364>— FUr-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. ' 502— Newly furnUhed rooms; single
and suites; all modern conveniences. •
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 110 (The Launston) — Central; best reg-
ular and transient in city; lowest rates. -
EDDY, 1700— Sunny front rooms, completely
furnished;, bath, laundry, yard; no children.
ELEVKNTH, 21-^.Elegant room* tingle or eh
suite;- furnished or unfurnished; references. '
FILLMORE. 1007. cor. McAllister — Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 gentle-
men; bath; modern. ' '
FILLMORE. 2C09H— 2. 3 or 4 unfurrtlshed
rooms for housekeeping; terms reasonable.
Apply 1 Fillmore place.
FOLSOM. S31 — Sunny bay-window room with
double bed. closet and bath; also sunny singl«
room, $1 25 per week. '
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33e
to $1 25 night; $1 B0 to $6 wk.; readjng-rm.
HARTFORD, 70, near Eighteenth— 2 Iar-r-i
. sunny front unfurnished rooms In a new flat.
JESSIE. 363. east U. B. Mint — Furnished
rooms; $5 and $0 per month. - ;
JONES. 207 (Van Winkle) — Furnished sunny
mis. ;' suite or single; gents preferred; $2 up.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmomh — Sunny room*»;
.hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
POST, 889. near Hyde— Large furnished front-
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 216. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Nica
furnished rooms; reaeonabU; $1 75, $2 up wk.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, 92
to $9; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold-water; baths.
SIXTH, 240*ra — Furnished rooms, day, week er
month; location central 'and reasonable.
SUTTER, 361 (Larchmont)— $3 to"$& per week;
; modern; hot and cold water; bath's free.
TAYLOR. 515B— Elegant aunny. room; mitable
for 2. $10;\larger parlor,- $14*. water. ' ;"
~ THE ST. KATHRTN.'
N- E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND :
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST -
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER' IN " EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD- .
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3 *
PFR WEEK. .
THE VENDOME.. 1104 Market St.— Offices on
the first floor to let; furnished rooms .In suite-
or single, by the day, week or month; -tran-
sient solicited. •
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— NIcelx furnished
• apartments; bay window; gas .range; bath;,
always- sunny; also single; reasonable.
UNITED STATES*. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
1:00ms, 35c to $1 night, $1 71 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gis). running water In every-
room; elevator. r«ad. -room: Tree bus: bagg»ge.
¦ WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st..' near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
. 35c 'to $1 5O nieht; $2 to $S. week; elevator;
elec. lights;, reading-room; .free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hmu*, 202* Sixth st. — Rooms from, 15a.
¦ to $1 per night and from ?0c to $& per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan-— Church' sts.:
A BRANCH office of The" Call for the reception
¦ of advertisements and subscriptions has "been-
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
' Open cntil 11 id. m. • -
. • BOOMS Aj-ro^BOABP.-
" ; *V . HOTEL BALTIMORE.; *¦• •
THIS SELECT. FAMILY HOTEii. BEATJTT-'
FULLY SITUATED ON -THE FINEST COR-
NER OF. VAN- NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND * EQUIPPED
i WITH- ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS. *
IS READt TO.- RECEIVE GUESTS. ,
• loia van ness": cor.- Qeart.
APPLY TO MRS. E, WINDELE. MANAGER. -
•VAN NESS 1 , 1411 — Nicely furnished?" .rooms'* for
geptlemen; splendid" table board; references..
HARBISON.. 500— Good table .board; hpmi
cooking; .woman cmk; cheap and (lean.
Stevenson Mansion,- o*5p. Gracj? Church, anAex
"807 California — See roomsjlearnprices, try table
GOUGH, 1120. near O'Farrell-^Sunny .rooms;
- home' cooking; gentlemen; '$20; 2 meals $18.
HOWARD. ¦ SUVA — First-class board an.d room,
single or double, $5-$6 wk. ;<. American famtly. .
EDDY. 1123. opp. * Jefferson Pk.— Nicely tur. !
sunny rooms; tabje board;*reas.; new rjiang't,
GEARY. 601. Hdtei L r Algton*— Pamlry (roo'nfs
and board; entirely refaova'ted:. re'as.' prices..
: A BRANCH office of The Call for .the reception'
cf advertisements*, and subscriptions has been '
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. / . . •
STORAGE AJ«p WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Cto.J storage,
packing, shipping- warehouse. O. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van* Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 .Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant .101.
CAPITAL Van- and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
.phone Mlnf2941. JOHN F. COOPER, pres.
P1ERCE-R0DOLPH Storage-- Moving Co. of--
flee Post p.nd Powell «ts ; ; .tel. Prl. Ex. 871.
COM KLIN'S Storage — Furrtltnre and merehan-
dis j. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East JL20. .
GOLDEN" Went Storage; advances made. 840
Mlsrton «t.; tel. Howard. MI. F.W.Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
papy.. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson -281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montf-ornery
St.. tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut 'rates.
SEWIXO MACIIIXES ASP SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
la cheapest: second-hand all mikes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domts-
t'.c cfrice. 1C21 Market «., near Slxtlr.
NCW HftME — See our • new triple-feed «ta--
chfnes: slightly used:*$10. $15. $20: second-
hand. ?:;. «o. $S: all stytes; guaranteed. New
Hop-.p Sewing Machine Co.. tO51 Market st.
' * SPECIAL XOVl^BB.v
. . . - 1 v ¦..¦¦¦ .»,-.. i .
THE following children nave been admitted by
(The San .Francisco Nursery for Hom-I«ns
Children: Wilda ' Cuptlll. age 4*4 . years,
abandoned; Dorothy Wtlburn, age 14 months,
orphan. .*' " '
ST«^ERWO~^D~$^MMERINoI
AT^eib^u^TvTlnstltute, V«n Ness & Market,
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne la U. S.: prfv&te; established 3
» years ln-8. F*. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 8 p.m.
.~~ . PROPOSALS. . ; ~.
UNIVERSITY OF. .CALIFORNIA. * Berkelejt—
Notice to contractors. *ballde'rs and material
men: Notice Is hereby given that sealed
btds are *oiiclted for performing the labor
and. furnishing the materials for fire, escapes
-for Hearst Hall, on thp grounds of • toe Uni-
versity cf* California at Berkeley, Calif orrUa.
and said bids will be received at the o<flce of
the -regents. South Hall. Berkeley, * at or
before 6 o'clock p.' m. of July- 7.* 1004.
- J-hnts -and spv.'itlc-dtjons of satf* flre escapes
have • been adopted and may be examined
- i"a!!{- at'the ofUce of the regetrts Ircn 9 a. m.-
' UQtll 4 p. -m. ..No bids .will be. consider «S
unless ivccompdni'ed Cy a certified Check or
bond of bidder", lji taVor of th* Regents of '
' the University- of Ca-llfornla. Vqual to ten
-.<10)' per. cent of his • bid. with sufficient
sureties: -conditioned that It said; bid be ac->
¦' cepW, the bidder will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform, the '
duty and bbllga'tlons In' accordance with said
' bid. and with tlic plims and specltl oat Ions
which are hereby required to- be _. part. of.
such contract. . The rigTit to reject anjs or all
•bldj is hereby reserved. By order. 6f the
Regents'' Committee on Grounds and Build-
Ings. . V. H. HENDERSON. Acting* Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. CaC June 28. 1904.—
- Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be -re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.. Julx 13, 1004, and
then, o'pened, .tor furnishing, .during the fis-
cal -, year ending J,une , 30. lfMxt. f oraga and
¦ ctraw for A-lcatraz Island. Fort : Baker.
Benicta Barracks. Fort Ma; on, FArt Mc-
Dowell. Fort Miley. : Presidio ' of San Fran-
* cisco, San Francisco, San Francisco. Cal.,
I for shipment to Honolulu, H. T., and Depot
of Recruits and. Casuals.' Angel Island. Cal.
" ' Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids In whole or In part.- "Prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of prices and quality (Includ-
ing In . the price of foreign production-* tha
duty thereon) being equal, ana such prefer-
ence, given to. articles of American produc-
tion .pjoduced on the Pacific ' Coast, to* the
extent of -consumption required by the public
service there." 'All information furnished on
applications to WILLIAM B. PATTEN. A—
' sistant .Quartermaster General; Chftf Quar-
termaster. • •STANFORD UNIV.ERsixX , " •
TO HAVE STONE GATEWAY
•Will Be "of Same Style as' the* -East and
West Entrances* " to. Inner
: • ' Q-nadcanjjle"."
I SAN. JOSE, JunV 30. — A magnificent
. stone gateway is to- be erected at the
main ontrance to, the grounds of rtan
ford. University. The structure will
cost $23,000. . It will be an imposing
. structure of San Josh -sandstone artd
of .the" same general styie as the east
and west entrance-* to the inner qua it
rangie. The work will toe done under
the direction bf-C. E. Hodges* the rS*.
ident architect qt'the university.
BANK • CLERKS MUST' NOT • "
- ENGAGE IN OTHER BUSINESS
New Rnle Is 'Slacks by . President of
' Washington- aric\ Oreico'n Fin- . •
uncial Institutions:
PEN.r>L.ryrON, OV.-, June" 30«—Thefcm
pioycs of the six banks in Washington \
and Oregon 'of which Senator Ankeny*'
is president must not engage In. oiitsldo '
business. The order is -said. tp be.due*
to C. p. "Wade -becoming involved" for
$5C0.0QO through an Vinfofjiunate invast
ment in mining st'dcks las*t year. .
Wade was cashier of* Senator An
keny's bank, at Pendleton "and (ailed
last year for J300.000. His failure mado
him penniless. ¦ He. is. said to. be la
Honolulu.- •• •'• " . • : . *
The Nevadan's Cargo.
Th'e steamer Nevadan. which sailed on Wed
nesday for Honolulu and Kahulul, carried a
general merchandise cargo valued at $"21,000
and including .the following*: 590 bbls flour,
30.S50 lbs salt, mi 0 -lbs 70 cs bread, 459 pkgs
fresh fruits, 450 pkgs potatoes,- 2S pkgs onions,
19 pkgs fresh vegetables, 135 pkgs paste," 5824
ctls barley. 863 bales hay, 45 ctls oats, 47,347
lbs middlings. 25S ctls wheat, 27,873. lbs bran,
22 pkga.taBle preparations, 1290 lbs tea, ' 3G5
cs assorted . canned goods, 24 cs canned salmon
-,-Z bbls HI kits pickled salmon, 3H.320 lbs rice,
12 cs brandy, 21 cs liquors, 121 cs whisky
5K20 gals /ftine. 24 ctls corn, 25,000 lbs sugar.
1603 lbs coff* 1 . 45 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, lOOO' lbs 25 cs meals, 3245 lbs peas,
10,200 lbs codfish, 5516 lbs ham and bacon.
1700 lbs "J cs cheese, 13 cs baking powder, 780
lbs oleomargarine,' 3393 lbs butter, 8365 lbs
beans, 013d lbs lard, 384 lbs 8 cs chocolate,
10 cs hops. 180S lbs dried fruit. 0 pkgs raisins,
31 pkgs locomotive parts. 60 bbls 159 cs oils.
•1023 pkgs nails and spikes, 2S9 cs soap, 17
drums ammonia, 45 pkgs machinery, 185 pes
83 pkgs pipe.' 44 pkgs : mill work. 17 ; bdla 20
pes : steel, 25 pkgs 80 pes - Iron, 151 cs boots
and shoes, 19 pkgs wagon material, 20 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 174 pkgs dry. goods 13
cs hafs, 7510 lbs 12 cs tobacco. 693 car wheels,
(i- bales twine, 146 sks coal,' 112 coils rope, 200
bbls lime, 100 pes boiler tubes, 61 cs gasoline,
725 cs coal oil, 1000 ft lumber, 11,420 lbs
Rfeplialtum. 2B4 ; pkgs wire, 655 • bdls shook*,
;iT pKgs paints, 110 pkers matches. 550: gals
distillate. 435 live hogs, 15 coops chickens.
KEAIi. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. JUNE 30.
Maria or Marie Englisch to Mary*L Holland,
•lot on W line of Larkin street, 35 S of fcu«h* '
6 27 :« by W 112:6: $10. - ' I
irv :Kt £l?t, C »c Cl ¥i r ', e l *' nol}!he » Be '' <mlnor) (by 1
Elizabeth M. Holzheiser. guardian) to L M J
Verso, lot on S line of Vallejo street. 92-)0'4 i
E,of Franklin. E 22:10% "by S 137:8; $1125.
• Charlotte C." Schmidt (Holzhcleer) Edwin ;
W. Schmidt. .William P.. Frederick and EHx'th I
It. Holzheiser to Mlohael F. Toninl, same; $10 I
. L. M. Verso to same, same; $10
. City and County »f San Francisco to Frances
M. Griffith, lot on S line of Clay etreet. 93-9
W of Stoiner. W 23 by S 10214; $10 !
.. Corm-lla McC.- Tevls to L. Foster Young
undivided Itwo-thirds of lot on N line of BroadI
way. 159 W of Devisadero street. W 05 by N i
.107:0: S10. •
Tallant Banking Company to John Dempste'r
McKee. lot -on N line of Washington street.
«r:tf K , of -Laurel. E 75 by N 127:8>4. quitclaim
<Jt*/"Q ; c I . .
•.George B.- and Rosanna J. Vaughn to Henri-
F » rwe » < wjfe ot J. H.).lot on W line
Qf S^hotwll street. 155 N of Tweiuy-flrst. N 30 j
*. Jame8-H. Varwcll to same same; gift
Lallan and Isabella R. Sonntag to* Paul and
Betty Buhr, lot on W line of iindera street
.lar. N of Plfteenth, N 25 by W T>5- $10
Janicsr. and Ellen' Welsh to Thomas' Kane,
lot on E- line of Hartly street, 100 S- of Sir.
te«?nth. S 28 by E 75; $10.
Daniel J. ahd Hannah 'M. .SulUvan to Wesley
E. Boynton. lot oit S linfs of Army street 1(!T»
W of Doltrcs. W "fc by S 114; $101 . / '¦
Jacob ilcynuin Company (a corporation) to-'
AdT-le Trudeil. lot tn N line o.f Twenty-seventh :
jtr^et, 1O3:4-W cf Church. W 20:8 by N 114- I
J10.. . '
.R. C. Sufbridgc to Robert ¦ L. Johnston. " lot
on S line of Twenty-second street, 105 W of
•Ca.stro. W 75 by S 114; $3000. >> -"
; *:EVtate of Jose ."ouaidiola (by 'Sigmund
.Grecnebaum. administrator) to A. J Rich
lot on NE corner of California and Bansorne
streets. E 45 by. N 90; $249,000.
A. J. Rich to Earah Sloss, undivided V, at
lot on. NE corner of California and Sansome
Krcetf. E *5 by N ftO; $10.
Same to Hannth Gerstlc, undivided - 'i of
tLme; flO. . '
Willlans and "Margaretha Koenlg to Jesse D
•Ha.nnah. lot on K -line of Stockton street.
1V<:« S of Sacram-snto. S 30 by E CO- $10
Maria L. BuckVey to InvCbtor (corporation)"
Hate interesi lot on SE corner of Jones and
•w^n rs si $i : o 58> s 52:8> w xo> s ' oo>
Investor .lo W. W." Wilson, all same; grant,
-on hW- corner of Jessie and Fourth streets
(KM NW" of Mission). SW 75 by E 30- sio
* Wllhelmlna and Frances -T. N. Trowbridce
¦ to.Lavlnia T. Sawyer, lot on W U'ne of Twcn
ty-fl!tlv av&nue, 475 N, of California strcst W
to Twcntv-siith avenue, N 23, E* 120 N 25
• Charles and Matilda Carpy to Henry O.
H*??"*. 1 ? on .. N tf» lne of Pomt I^bos- avenue.
w n ° f Jr;.'; I * t ' otn . E 25 by N 120; also lot on
W line d Nineteenth avenue. 200 S of Clement
Exports for the North.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Wed
nesday for Victoria with an assorted cargo
consigned to the port of destination and othc-r
British Columbian ports valued at $15,686 an!
¦including the i following: 1916 pkgs fresh
fruits, 94 pkgs 'fresh vegetables, 200 pkgs po
tatoes, 65 pkgs onions. 30,000. lbs salt, 138 cs
canned goods,' 9'JtJ gals 37 cs wine, S3 pkgs
table preparations, • 1227 lbs cheese. 3220 lbs
meals, CtiSU lbs. raisins. 50 kegs pickles, 6t>25
lbs dried fruit, 11)00 lbs chocolate, 22.>S lbs
hops, 135,700 lbs malt, 30 pkgs paste, 4'M lbs
dried fish. lOOO lbs sugar. « cs -honey. 300,000
lbs cement. 22,350 lbs asphalt, 18 pkgs steel,
.2055 lbs pig tin, 3477 lbs sheet lead, 1400 lbs
toda. 5 pkgs acid. 4 . pkgs ammonia, 100 tins
matches, 45 bbls ¦ lubricating oil, 4 pkgs elec
trical supplies, 6 cyls gas, 10 cs fuse, 729
lbs leaf tobacco. - . . -.-, ¦¦
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
The Norwegian steamer Terji Vlken is char
tered for lumber from Puget Sound to Free
umni'.e, .Australia, at 31s 3d.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ;T /
. " Thursday. June 30.
Br stmr Lord Templeton, Morse, 81 days
from Newcastle.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander. 60 hours from
Victoria.
" Stmr W ' H Kruger. Ahlin. 11 days "and 9
hours from Dutch Harbor.
Stmr Gualata, Kalnin, ::." hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 12 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr F A Kllb'urn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr Korea. Seabury, 34 days 20 hours and
47 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS
days, via Honolulu f> days 14 hours and uSL
minutes.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 20 hours from Mon-.
terry and way ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hour* from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Eureka, Jexsen, 24 hours from Etfreka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Hanalei, Pllt*. 10 days from Honolulu.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 22 hours from Eel
River.
' Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon ' Bay.
Br shlD Port Elgin, Hand, 192 days from
Dunkirk, via Antwerp 169 days.
Brig W G Invln, Hanse-n,./ dayl from Roche
Harbor.
Schr Western Home, Wider, 5 days from
Willapa Harbor.
.Schr J M Colman, Pctersen, 7 days from
Anacortes
Schr Jenrrle Griffin, Gibson, 2 hours from
Bollnas. . •.-«•••..
. Schr Ida A., Campbell. 5 hour* from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, June 30.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Company.
Stmr Costa Rica. • Randall, . Portland and
Astoria; Oregon Railroad and Navigation Co.
SAILED".
. . Thursday. June ' 30. •
Stmr State of California. Nlcolson, San" Di
ego and way ports.
Stmr Corona, jGielow, Eureka.
Stmr. Pulton, Panier, • Bowens Landing.
Stmr -Brunswick. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomo. Jacobs. Point .Vrcna and Albion.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith, K'ureka.
fitmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
. Ship Gov Roble. Colley. Port Townsend..
Schr Albion. 'Anderson. Sluslaw- River.
Schr Jo»-n F Miller. Huh3, Tillamook. \
• Schr Roy Somem, Solland, Gcays "H«rbor.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson. Notleys Landing.
Tug Dauntless, Shea, San Pedro. -
• . " SPOKEN. • '
-June 28— 130 miles- east of Sandy Hook, Br
¦hip County of . Roxburgh, from -Hamburg,, for
New York. . •
June 20— Lat 37 14 N, long .74 w, Stmr Yu
catan from New York, for Colon.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS. June 30, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west: velocity 18 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
-' EUREKA— Arrived June 20— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Newport; schr Dora Bluhm.
froth San Pedro, June CO— Stmr Arctic, hencs
June 29; stmr North Fork*. . hence June 21*:
schr Mary Dodge, from Redondo. '
pallid June 30 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: stmr r Coauille River, for ban Pedro.
POINT REYES— Pasoed June. 30, 0 a m —
Brig W G Irwin, from Roche Harbor, for San
Francisco; 9:20 a m — stmr Eureka, from
Eureka,' for San FrancUeo.
. VENTURA-^Arrlved June 30— Stmr San Pe
dro, from San Pedro.
galled June 2!»— Stmr Asuncion, for Port
Harford. June 30 — Stmr. San Pedro, for San
Francisco. . • ¦
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrlved Juno S3— ScUr
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Curacao passed Huenems at 8
o'clock yesterday morning, and should arrive
here to-day about noon".
The schooner Jessie Minor, which started
yesterday for Coos Bay, had her foresail car
ried away while she was passing tbe fort at
the entrance to the. harbor. She returned for
repairs. " ' -" • ••
The tug Sea Rover arrived at Redondo yes
ttiday . with the disabled steamer George
Loomls 0» tow, /
The Uner Gaelio is due to-night, from the
Orient.
Steamer. Destination. Sails
Dltigo.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 1
Excelsior Valdez & fVay Ports.. July -1
Victoria...... Nome via Dutch Harbor July 1
Dolphin I Skagway & Way Ports. July 3
C.ity Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 5
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.. July 6
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 7
•Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July" 0
Bertha Kodlak & Way Ports. July 10
Garonne Nome via Goloyln Bay. | July 10
FROM SEATTLE,
Quoted for Reinsura-pce.
The French baric Montelvllo. out 174 days
from Swansea for this port, was placed on the
overdue list yesterday at 15 per cent. The
rate on the Parknook was advanced to .40 per
cent. There was no change in tbe rates on
the other ovcrdues. ,
Is Here to Be Sold.
The steamer Hanalei of the Inter-Island
Steamship Company 'arrived yesterday -from
Honolulu. There is no field for her In the
trade between Hawaiian ports, Tand her owners
have, sent the ship here to be sold.
street, N 2«> by W 120; also lot on N line of
PQint Lobos .avenue, 70 E of Twenty-second,
E BO by N 120; also lot on W line of Twenty
first avenue, 120 N of Point Lobos, N 120 by
W 120; $10.
State of California (by K. J. Smith, Tax
Collector, property assessed to estate of Pat
rick Foley) to J. J. Dowling. lot on S line of
Francisco street, 20 E o.f Jones, E 19 by S
52 :K; $50. . .
Same to same, lot on N line of Houston
street,- 20 E of Jones. E 19 by N CO; $40. -
Sam© to same. lot on NE corner of Jones
an«l Houston ftrect?, N W by "E'2O; $75.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Jones and
Francisco streets. S 52;t> by E 20; "$195. •
William Wagner to Klizabcth Wajmsr. lot
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Bernhard
G<»tz. lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue 120
N of. Point Lobos, N 230 by W 120; $10.
Sta'te . of California <by E. J. Smith Tax
Collector) (property a.ssessed to Mary C.
Echmldt) to O. G. Ferguson, lot on NW corner
oC, Fifteenth avenue and A street. W 1 by N
151 :2; $24.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Howard"
C. and Elizabeth" P,. Curtis, lot on E line of
Third avrnue, 150 A' of C street. N 25 by E
Rebecca Joost to Annie M. D. Meusadorffer
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 200 S of
H street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Emma Winter, let on S line
of H street. 82:6 E of Eighteenth avenue, E
25 by S 100; $10.
Same to F..B. Southworth, lot on SE comer
of- Eighteenth avenue and I street. E 207:6 by
6 100; $10.
Charles Vf. and Mary A. Pope to J. M. Eddy
lot on W line of Forty-third avenue. 300 S, of
L street,. S 25 by W 120; $10."
John M. Eddy to Charles W. Pope, lot on
N line of Market Btreet, GOO E of Thirty-ninth
E 75 by N 133:11; $500. . '. '
If-adore and Jennie Zellerbach to Sigmund Q
Grossman, lot on 13 line of Manchester street.'
75 S of Stoncman. S 25 by E SO. Precita Valley
San Francisco Savings Union to Emll Bickel,
lot "iO. block 0, Flint Tract Homestead; $10.
• Eugene Korn to Arthur H. Denny lot on.
SE line of Mission street. 07:2 NE of Nev
SW 07:2. E 214:10. N &0. W 170, lot 5, block
2, College Homestead: $10.
Benjamin and Karah D. Barbash to Peter
Tamnny, lot on SE line of Mission street
200 SW of Russia avenue, SW 60 by SE 83-6
Mock 5. Excelsior Homestead; $10. , ' '
.James E/ and Nellie F. Hamilton to M E
Barrett, lots 20 to 23. Holllday map A- $10
M". E. Barrett to R. L. Johnston, lots 20 to
23. Holiday map A; $2000.
Thomas Howell t<» Michael J. and Mary A
O'Rourke, lot on N line of Crescent street,"
Pi&?iB?i&? by N 10 °- lot 48> wock
Benjaml.n and Sarah D. Barbash to Patrick
Broderlck, lot on S corner of Mission street
(as widened) and Russia avenue SW -150 by
SE 83 :6. block 8, Excelsior Homestead ; S10
Anna Schilling to Helen PancoaSt, lot on' S
line of Eighteenth avenue, 25 W of Clover
alley, also C58 W of Douglass! W 25 by S
121, lot 2. block 2, subdivision San Miguel
Rancho; $10.
.William and C. T. Nicol to C. August Weihe .
lot on SW line of Twenty-fourth street 300
SE of I street. SE -70:2V 3 . SE 139:8%.' NW
147:8%. NE 100. SW to beginning lot *4
block 465. Bay View Homestead Association;
$10.
Builders* Contracts.
Emelle Lyons (owner) wlth-.H. Stettin (con
tractors), architects Cunningham ftiPoliteo
Grading, concrete foundations, cement work
and fiHinK for a four-story brick building on-
SB -line of Harrison street. 230 .SW of Fourth,
SW 45 bj» SE SO: ?1CS8 ' -. -.
Same owner with Alfred Legault (contract
or), architects same— Lumber, carpenter work,
mill work, glazing, etalrs. galvanized Iron,
composition roofing, hardware, plastering
L'?o n i ng * wh " ltew ashing for eame ori tame;
?4J0u. "Vriwjf i in*
-c Be £Vj"t, Yi an , Daa ' en 'owner) with Thomas
F. Mitchcjl (contractor). architect-All'
work for a two-story and rough basement
.frame building (Hat,) on W ™n 1 of AlabS
lW; $4000 Twcnty.third. S 26 byW
Catherine or Cattcrlna Perpoll (owner* wi»h
Thomas F. Mitchell' (contractor) * -_ archi
tect— All work for a two- story nnd roueh bane
ment frame building (fiat) o n N line of Twlnl
ty-fourth street, 80 E of Diamond. E 30 by
N ! 114; $4000, . , . • ¦ . _ /
Edward B. Hindes (owner) with T V
Galassi (contractor), architect Newton : j'
Tharp— Abalone, marble and mosaic work for
wainscoting, counters and tables in cafe- main
hall, lobby, etc., , l»or an eight-story and" base
ment brick apartment hotel on *S' line of Sutler
street, 164:6 E of Taylor. E 60:9 by S 137-6*
$2717. ' ¦¦..-. ¦•-.*-, ¦ " :.¦ ¦ .¦.-.'
Ellsa S. Eldrldjre (owner) '• with Sylvester ¦ &
Say well (contractors).- architect some — All work
for a two-story and basement ¦ frame building
(two Cats) on E line of Dcvisadero Mtreet *- 102
8 of Union; S 34 by E 103:1%, Western AdUi
tioa block- 468; «S14* *- AOU1
Nokomls,- from San -Pedro:' schr Fanny Dtt
tard, from . Ventura. •'¦•.':¦ . ¦ •
Sailed June 20 — Schr Robert Searles, for*
San Pedro; : schr Chas R Wilson, for
San "Francisco; schr Sophia Christensen. for'
San Francisco: stmr "G C Ljndauer, for San
Francisco. . .
Arrived, June SO— Schr. Dauntless,' from
San P^dro: stmr Santa -Monica, hence June 23:
stinr Che halls, hence June 27; atmr Newburg,
hence June 25; U S stmr Perry, from cruise. ,
"SEATTLE — Arrived June 2S> — Stmr' Montara.
hence -June 25; stmr Dirlgo. -from Skagway.
Arrived June 30 — Stmr Alcatraz. .behes
June 20: stmr Rainier, hene* June. 26.
Sailed June 30— Stmr. A 1 Ki, for Ekagway.
WESTPORT— Arri\*ed. June 30— Stmr West
port, hence June 29. <
.SOUTH BEND — Arrived. June 23 — Stmr Se
quoia, hence ° June 21"; bktn Arago, hence
June 16., • * -
PORT. GAMBLE— Sailed June 29— Schr
Luzon, for San Francisco.
•ASTORIA— Arrived June 30— Stmr Aurella,
hence June 25. • \- s ¦; :J ¦ . . •"
Sailed June SO— SchT t'avid Evans, for Kobe.
HUEN.EME — Passed June 30, 8 a m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas and way port*, for
San. -Francisco. . ¦ • • *• •
PORT- TOWNSEND— Sailed Jufta 30— Br
ship Lucipara, for Callao.
Passed In June 30 — Schr Maid of Orleans,
from San Pedro, for Seattle.
UMPQUA RIVER-^Salled Jun« 2JP-Schr
Sadie, (or San Pedro. June 29 — Schr Beulah. .
•for San Ffcdro. .
SANTA RABBARA — Arrived June SITt—Stmr
Coos Bay, hence* June 23.
Sailed June 30 — Stmr Coo* • "Bay, " for Saa
Pedro.
Arrived June 30 — Stmr Alcazar, from "Green
wood.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Jun* 30— Stmr Al
catraz, hence Jufl? "29.'
REDONDO — Arrived June 30— Stmr South
Bay. from Port Los Angelea; stmr Geo Loomls;
from oft Gaviota. In tow of tug Sea' Rover.
COOS BAY — Arrived 1 June 30— Stmr Arcata .
hence June 2S.
• PORT HARFORD— Arrived June" 30— 8tmr
Asuncion, from Ventura: to' sail at midnight
for San Francisco.
" ABERDEEN — Arrived June 30— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence June. 23; stmr Chehalis, hence
June 27. ...
BANDON — Arrived June 30^-Schr Advance.
hence June 16; schr .Ruby, hf-nce June 11.
TATOOSH— Paused -out . June 30— Br ship
Lucipara, from Belllntcham, for Callao. '
Passed . In June 30— Ship Ret*-:?; hence June
12 for -Put-ret Sound: schr Ludlnw, from San
Pedro, for Port Gamble; schr Sal vat ore, hence
June 16 for Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Anlved June 3O— Schr Mabel -
Gale, from Portland: bktn J L Evlston. from
Tacoma.
• Sailed June 30— Stmr Central!a« for San
Francisco: stmr Samfia, for San Francisco:
echr Mildred, for Port Townsend: schr Prosper,
for Ballard; schr Coqullle. for Coquille River;
schr Jennie -Stella, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived June 30— Schr LottU
Carson, from Eureka. • ' ¦
PORT GAMBLE — Arrlred. June 30— Bark
Albert, hence June 16. "-•:••
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed .June 30— Schr
Luzon, for San Francisco. . . •*
ST MICHAEL— Arrived June 27— Stmr J>e
lanaw. .hence June 8.
ISLAND PORTS. r.'
HONOLULUt— Arrived June 30— Stmr Argyll,
hence June 20.
HILO— Sailed June CO^-Bark St "Katherlne..
for San Francisco, and not Jirne 20, as pre
viously reported. - * .
EASTERN PORTS.
NfiW YORK— Arrived June is— Br ship
Forrest Hall, from -Hull; stmr Advance, from.
Colon; Br ship County of Roxburgh, from
Hamburg.
FOREIGN POUTS.
GENOA — Arrived .Tcno l-t^Gcr- stmr Pen
taur. from Hamburg, for South -America.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 27— Fr ship Villa
dc Mulhouse. for Orreph.
BARRY — Sailed June' .28 — Br ship Sofala*.
for Victoria.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 29— Ger " itmr
Sserbla. for San Francisco.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed June L^— Fr bark'
Amlral Troude. for Santa Rosalia.
KARATSUr-Salled June CO— Schr Annie E
Smale. for Honolulu. ,-
GUATMAS- Arrived" June 2S— Schr Albert:
from* Grays Harbor. .
VICTORIA. B C— Sailed June 30— Stmr
Shawmut. for Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS. * . *
NEW YORK— Arrived Jun-- "Ti>— Stmi- N'u
mldian. from Glasgow and .Moville; stmr Bel
sravla, from. Hamburg and Tioulocne. •
Safled Ji-.ne "t>— Strxr Moltke. for Hamburs.'
via ¦ Plymouth .and Chertxturg: stmr La cham
pagne, for ¦ Havre "and Bremen, via Plymouth
and Cherbourr.
LONDON— Arrived June 29 — Stmr Lancas
trian, from Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived NoonJIAnd. from
Philadelphia, via Queenstown: stmr Majestic
from New York, via Quecristown; stmr Saxo
nla. from Boston, via Qrueenstown: stmr Mont
calm, -from Montreal, via Movtlle: stmr Cym
ric, from Boston, via Oueenstown. 1
HAVRE — Arrived June 30 — Stmr LA Savoie,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed". June SO— Stmr
Friesland. for Philadelphia; stmr Baltic, for
New Tork. -. - • • . • "
BR"CME>f— 'Arrived June 29— Stmr Wllhelm
'der Gross*-, from New Tork via Plymouth and
Cherbouri. • ."
Two Die at Sea.
. Thp British ship Port Elgin, which arrived
here yesterday, reported two deaths. On June
30 In latitude 18.17 south, lonjfltude 63.17
west. Mrs. Hand, wife of the master, suc
cumbed to consumption. On the same day
died J. R. Kennedy, a seaman. The body
of Mrs. Hand was embalmed and broueht to
this port. Kennedy's remains were: consigned
tt> the deep. Mrs. Hand was a native of
Newcastle. Wales, and was 37 years old.
Kennedy was born In Ireland thirty years ago.
COAL ONXiY FUEL AFFECTED
BY THE EMERGENCY -ACT
Appraisers Decide That Duty on Coke
; ; ' Is Not Reduced by Law of
January, 1003. '¦'
NEW -YORK, June 30.— Upon *n old
protest .filed by a firm doing business
in Los Angeles, Cal., the Board of.Gen
eral Appraisers, has ruled as to whether
coke should have the benefit of rebate
of duty the same as coal under tho
emergency act of "January 15, 1903. The
opinion' is in the- negative and con
cludes that' coal "and poke *are distinct
commodities and that Congress did not
provide for rebate of "duties on coke
in the emergency act. "•
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
July 1.
Elizabeth.. Cbquille River . .. . 10 am Pier 20
Centralla..- Grays Harbor .". .. 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado.. Grays Harbor- 4 _pm Pier 10
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 amJPier £4
J.uly 2.. I I
.Chico Astoria & Portland I 6 tm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Uuraboldt '*..'. 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2-
Ft. Arena.. Point Ar"ena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport &• Way. .. 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
City Panam N Y. yia Panama,] 12 m Pier 40
Jeanle Seattle & Taroma.l 5 pmi*Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt ' 9 am|Pier 13
" . • July 3. I
S. Rosa.*... San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt .*U*.30pPier 9
July 6. I
Arcata:... Cobs B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pler 13
Uroatilla... Puget Sound Forts. 11 amiPier 9
July 6 • I
Arctic..'... Humboldt »... 8 amlPler 2
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Pier 9
Coos Bay..- San Pedro £ Way. .9 amlPler 11 !
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24 !
July 7. I
Pomo -Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmtPIer 2
State of. Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
North Fork Humboldt 6. pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4* pm Pitr 20
Sierra". Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Curacao..*.. Mexican Ports "... 10 amIVIer 11
Alliance.... Eureka £ Coos Bay 5 pm|Pler 16
Sequoia WUlapa Harbor .. 4 pmlPler 20
July 8. I
Newburtr... Grays Harbor | 4 pmJPler 10
July 9. . I . !
Aurella-. ... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen.' Puget. Sound- Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama, 12 m|PJer'40
Korea China & 'Japan..*.. 1 pmlPler 40
July 10. • I I .
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pm|Pler 20
tfO MORE SILVER DOLLARS
TO BE COINED IN MINTS
Director 1 Roberts Says Government
WilT \ot Turn Out Any More
Pieces of That Denomination.
PORTLAND, Or., June SO.— No more
silver dollars will be coined in the
United States, according to a statement
made this evening by George E. Rob
erts, director of the United States Mint.
Roberts is In Portland visiting B. F.
Stevens of the First National Bank
while on his way to Alaska,
¦ "No, there will be no" new silver dol
lar-pieces turned out of Government
money plants unless by some chance a
16 to 1 Congress is" elected," said Rob
erts. "The supply of silver purchased
under the Sherman act is exhausted.
From July 14. 1S90, when the Sherman
act went into effect, until it was re
pealed in 1893, the Government nought
155,000,000 ounces of silver. This has
gradually been worked up into dollar
pieces until the present time, when
such coinage has ceased' In all prdba
billty never to be resumed."
TAKES LiAUDAXUM * AJFTER •
* QUARREL WITH HUSBAND
Matrimonial Troubles of Chicago
Fruit Dealer's Wife End With
Her Death From Drusr.
CHICAGO/ June ' 30.— Mrs: MV A.
Roberman, wife of Moses Roberman.
a wealthy fruit dealer of .Madison, was
found hi a room at the Sherman House
suffering from the effects of laudanum.
She died a few hours later.
Mrs. Roberman, "according to dis
patches from .Madison, . Is a "sister of
Abraham Frank, manager of the cafe
In the Sherman House; arid came to
him after a- quarrel with her husband.
The quarrel occured two days ag6, and
Roberman ordered Mrs. Roberman to
leave the house. .<•¦ :•.¦..¦ ' *
Steamer. i From. Due.
Bonita Newport & "Way Ports. July 1
Curacao Mexican Ports July 1
Centralla.... ' San Pedro .. — July 1
Pomona...... Humboldt July 1
Gaelic. China & Japan July 1
SanMateo... Tacoma July 2
"Wyefleld Nanaimo July 2
San Pedro.... San Pedro July .2
Arctic Humboldt July 3
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 3
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 3
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor July 3
Columbia Portland '& Astoria. ... July 3
Totnies Hamburg & Way Ports. July 4
Corona Humboldt . . .- /.July 4
North Fork... Humboldt July 4
State ot Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. July 4
Sequoia Willapa Harbor July 4
Eurek.3. Humboldt July 5
Newburg..... Grays Harbor * July 5
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. July 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... July S
Centennial... Seattle •& Tacoma July S
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. July . 5
S. Dollar Hakodate July 3
Nome City... Seattle . . .' -.July 6
Argo Eel River Ports July 6
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. July 8
A-urelia Portland & Astoria July «
Barracouta... New York via Panama. July 7
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt: Arena July 7
Santa Rosa... San- Diego & Way Pts. July 7
Bom ta Newport & Way Ports. July 7
"Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. July 7
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria July 8
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 10
Hawaiian..... New York via Coronel . j July 11
Luxor Seattle I July H
• at Kort Point, entrance to Sa» Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ' and low* waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about* 25
minutes- later than at Fort Potpt; the height
of tide la the same at both places. • '
FRIDAY. JULY 1.
Sun rises , ....4:50
Sun sets *. 7:U5
Moon rises .'. 9;65 %>. xa.
0 Timel ? Time * .{Time Time
£ ~ — Ft- Ft. Ft. Ft.
<» H W L W H W Jl. W
"l 0:59 4.7 7:44 0.1 f 3:03 4.8 7:52 :3.2
2 1:40 4.3 8:18 0.5 3:38 4.8 '8:46 3.2
3. 2:Jf7 4.0 8:6.* 0.9 4:13 4.9 9:50 3.0
.4 3:22 3.8 0:33 1.3 4:49 5.0 1O:5S . 2.7
5 4:26 3.5 10:22 1.6 5:2« 5.0 11:50 2.J
6 5:42 3.4 11:12 1.0 6:02 ' 5.2
NOTE— In the above 'exposition of the tides
fho early morning tides are given -in the left
hand column ami tho successive tides of the
day In tha order of occurrence, as to time; tha
fourth time column fives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but- three tides.' at
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la '
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a mlnys (— )
algn precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
.the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low .waters.- ""¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June' 29.— "The women
of the "East should have physical, cul
ture departments ln ( their cluba. They
promote, harmonious feeling .among
club women. The physical culture de
partment has a tendency to stop, scrap
ping among club women."
So opoke, Mrs. George Law Smith,
president .of the California State Fed
eration of Women's Clubs, to-day.
"You know," Mrs. Smith, resumed,
"the women you stand up with- in the
ring and spar with, or play with. We
are very proud that we are the pioneer
women's club to have a physical- cuL
ture department. Eastern club, women
would do well to .copy our California
methods. It Is marvelous to see how
well preserved our club women are. It
is nothing to see largely built California
women 60 years old do a somersault
and as nimble as a child. Many of our
club women say they owe .their very
lives to the physical culture -depart
ment. Many of our women have only
learned to walk correctly since Joining
a club. We claim this department
makes healthy bodies and- healthv
brains. It Is simply development, arrd
insures renewed vitality."
Special "Dispatch to. The Call.
: SANTA- ROSA,. June 30.— The ses
sions of the seventeenth annual fcon-,
vention of the California Christian En
deavor Union are proving interesting to'
the large number of delegates and vis
itars who are in attendance. The trains
which arrived Wednesday evening
brought large, crowds, but many addi
tions were made to the ranks of the
delegates by the trains from north' .and
south to-day. The bright badges .of the
Endeavorers are everywhere in evi
dence and -th'e streets of Santa liosa
present an active, appearance from
early mowiing to late at night.
One of the most interesting gather-
Ings of the convention was h'eld to
night at the First Presbyterian Church
after the close of the regular session of
the convention at the Athenaeum. It
was the session of the Veterans' Asso
ciation, composed of - those members
wJio have seen ten years of active ser
vice in the Endeavor ranks. Rev. Ed
win U. Hays, president of the Veter
ans' Association, was in the chair.
Those ¦ present reconsecrated them
selves and their efforts to the work un
dertaken by the Christian Endeavor.
Praise services were held at the
evening' trains by a trained chorus, and
the delegates arriving were "received
with gladsome song. It proved a de
lightful innovation.
Denominational rallies were held this
afternoon in all of the ¦ ' Protestant
churches. There al»o was* a "personal
workers' conference, led by " Rev.
DwightE. Potter of Oakland.
Santa Barbara has entered the race
with Ukiah, Mendqcino County, for the
privilege of entertaining the next an
nual convention of the union. This
afternoon two telegrams were read to
the assembled Endeavorers Inviting the
convention to Santa Barbara in 190a.
Owing tc its location by the sea many
of the delegates are In favor of Santa
Barbara.*
I CJaremont *....'..+ ".'.... 70" • '73
! Four -.- & 3 70 ".
,-ITuIton • ; so
,-Hanford . . . .- : .". . .170 00 ISO oO* "
Ho.ne ..".....; ' 147>>4
¦Imperial '..".. ..t. .'.'.'.' . 17 p0
¦ Indc pf ndenee' ,. . . J5
Kern' ; • 4^" ' ,.'.. :
.^nnarch (of .Arizona) 2A 30
.Monte Cristo ..". .* ' CC 70 |
Occidental of W Va...' ' 07 • ID >
1 Oil tTity Petroleum 60 •
-P«.crte.ss : , • 13 *60
•^oveteign .' 38 ¦ ....".
SterKng ' 2 60 ....
"Superior ¦ ' 04 10
Thirty. thre« ' ; 8 25
Toltec '. ...; 21 ....'
Twenty-elght ...'...:*... 8 25 S 75
.Weft* Sfjor* .- '2 60 .{:.
.•Wabesh "...- 20 •- »24
A'ssociated -.- • 78 00
-Miscellaneous—
Cal 'Jockey Club 125 00
Chutes Company *..... 6 75 ' 7.7-5
Fischer's Theater 30 33 «
¦ Northern Cal Power 10 25!
Eanl'-ary Reduction Works . . 1 0d • 1 60
Morning Session..
100 Sterling:. . tar. 80 .-. 2 80
- 10& SterUhsr. b-:»0 2 86
Ida Rterllng, b- 90 • .' 2 00
100 -Startine-. b 90 .- 3 00
*. '. , Afternoon Session.
25 Peerless, b 90 ....¦..'.: 14 25
. • Mining Stocks.
, . SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were' the -gales on the San VVah
cl»co Stock and Exchange Board -yesterday :
" ' -. •" Morning* Session.
200 B-lcher :. 21! 100 Gould & Cur. 22
100 Best & Belch.l 251 300 Justice 15
1<X> Best & Belch.l o0|.700 Mexican 1 15 i
"5n>)OhoUar .; 10| 400 Ophlr 3 20'
20Q Bullion 16! 100 Savage ........ 19
• 100 Con C .& Va.l 201 200 Slfrra' Nev .. 38
t'tXi Con C & Va.l 25 400 Union Con-... 30
, 2C0 Gould & fur. I'll • "
* •* " Afternoon Session. ;.•.•":,
S**"* Andes .". 12i "150 Orhir 3 15
IHHH.V Andes 131 2C0 Overman *22 j
100 Bullion U5I -200 Sierra Nev .. 35
. '20J? Chollar- 09*1 200 Silver Hill .. R5
• ot>0 Con C'& Va.l 15| 3(K> X'nion Con .. '37-
SCO Crown Point. Ill 200 Yellow Jacket. 21 1
' 300 Occidental ... 79|
•' PACIFrC. STOCK- EXCHANGE.
. Following were Unr -sales on th« Pacific
.Block Exchange yesterdny: -¦."*-;.;
MonrinK S!--sion.
100 Rclcher .." "221 llOO.Ophfr ".3 10 :
SOO Bullion ..* 1«| 50 Ophir 3 20
3»iO Cliollar -- 10| 70K Potosl ..'....... 10
2OO Ct.n.C &"Va.l 201 300 Savage 19
. -Sfxt Gould &..Cur. 221 10«J Srjt 15*-lcher .. 09
. !* XT Justice* 17| 100 Sierra. Nev- .. 39
2<V> Justice l«l :«:o I'nion Con .. -.t-S
200 "Mpxltan ¦ 1 KM 700 Vtah ....• 15
COO Mexican ....1 124 ' .
• ' •" . Afternoon Session. '
2C0 Andes Ill 200 Mexican 115
•1O- Con C «r Va.l IS] 100 Mexican .J.1-07H
• ]0<J Exchequer .. S5l H*0 Overman -23
:2<*Ht i; O uld & Cur. 21| "too Union Con ,. .".8
..W-Jould & Cur. 22[ 1O0 l T tah i 15
3(n» Mr-xican :..l 17>4 300 .Yellow Jacket. 21
l(T0 Mexican .....1 201
* TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
*/ I'ollowinK Vfre the !>a!eg 'on the Saa Kran
ds£b and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
• **¦ Morning Session.
1300 Brunswick' .. 11 1. W0 Mont Ton.. 2 42*4
•*4:«-00 Esperanisa* . C! SCO Ray & O'Brien 13
! STfrt I-ucky Tpm.. 03 2000 rtescue .. 09
' K>0 MacNamara ." fc'.">lT5Cxi Ton -Gold M. 21
f-00 MacNamata . G7 475 Ton Mldwa>*.. 00
. 6f» MacNaraara .. 6811000 Ten Midway.. 61
5000 MacNamara . "-TO 1C0 Ton Midway.. «2
400 Mont Toe ...2 45 SCO Ton N Star... 35
¦'-"I'-.'".; Afternoon Session.
' 4/VX> Brunswick .. Ill 100 Hay & O'Brien 14
Jfi.nco Esperanza . 03! 21 00 Ray & O'Brien 15
, 100{> MacNamara . «*2l20C0 Red Top .*. .. 17
. 1S00 MacNamara . 6:i|20C^> Red Top 15
1100 MacNamara . GJJ 100 Ton Belmont.. 78
- 500 MacNamara . 65J 000 Ton Gold M. 21
• CQ MacNamara . «S1 200 Ton Midway., so
..50& Mont Ton.. 2 42HI, 725 Ton Midway.. «M)
. 2«O Mont Ton". ..2 45i 550 Ton Midway.. ' 61
. 100 Ray-& O'Prien 13! 1000 United Ton .. 03
¦ •" " CLOSING .QUOTATIONS. .
THURSDAY. June. 30 — 1 p. ml
Bid. Ask. I ;. ' " Bid. Ask.
Alriha 10 12|Justlce 16 18
Alta ...:..•... 05 O7.'Kentuck 03 05
Andes ...:... 12 13iKeyes Graes.. — 1 20
"Belcher". 21 22! Laay Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch.l 25 1 .".I H Mexican ..,..1 05 1 10
•Bullion 17 is| Occidental .:. 7I> SO ,
Caledonia ... 57 OSIOphir 3 05 3 15 :
Challenge Con IS I«lf)verman 22 *:t
•Ch-ollar W 101 Potosl 09 10
Confidence ... SO 00! Scorpion 15 17
Ci«n C & Va.l 10 1 lTilSavacr , IS • 1 !) '
Cosi Imperial. 01 02,Seg Belcher .. n<! n
Con NY....' 03 fc5!f:^rra Nev .. .13 .'!6
Trdwn .Point.- 11 121 Silver Hill .. 54 ."»«
East Sierra N 0G — 1st J»uls .... — 08
Fureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate 02 04
Exchequer .. Sfi ."Sirnlon Con .. 30 38
GoOld & Cur. 20* 22; Utah 15 15
"Hale & Nora • fi4 (57 Yellow Jacket.. 20 2"
. Julia • .0$ ©8l •
• • TONOPAH MINES.
' •'.' ' BW *^« ' Bid. Ask.
Colehan .«... — t5| Rescue 08
• Esperanea ... 02 031 Ton Belmont.. 76. 77
Eu,!a Con...." 'ns —Ton & Cal... 06 —
Gold' Anchor. 27 30|Ton Esten .. 5W 1 00
Cold M. Con. .02 031 Ton & G W. 05 —
. Harmapah M. 25 — [Ton Gold M. 20 21
Little Ton .. 02. CO'Ton Midway.. 5S —
Lucky Tom.. 06 -. — (Ton of Nev.. 8 no g M
. MacNamara , «2 03'Ton N Star.', <J3 .->.-$
Mlzpan Ex ... 10 — I Ton & Salt L — 67
Mont Ton .. — 2 451 Ton Union .. 10 «_*..
Paymaster .-. 04 — lUniW ton .. 0O 13
Ray- Exten .. — 071 Utopia 10
¦ Ray & O'Brien 12 1*1 West End ..22 —
Ray'Topopalj. * — I2|
Santa Barbara Enters Eaee
for .the '.Honor of Enter-'
taiuing; -the Next
Physical Culture, Says-.Cali
forhian, Will Stop Scrap
ping Among Gentler Sex
MUSCiE MEANS- BE AINS
The Pacific • Mail ' Company's liner
Korea, Captain W. B. Seabury, arrived
yesterday from- the Orient with more
than .800 passengers and 7068 tons of
cargo: The Korea was detained in
quarantine at Kobe for 'ten days On ac
count of sickness on board, and reached
this port nine days behind her schedule
time. • • , .
Of the liner's passengers 163 came in
the cabin, 121 in the steerage and*5S0
in the Asiatic s'teerage. ' "The cargo in
cluded 5S8 boxes of opium, the duty on'
which- will amount to $258,240. The Ko
rea also "brought "a large shipment of
raw, manufactured, and wild silk. In
the. Korea's treasure-room was "a con-,
signment of Japanese gold yen. valued
at $2,262,910. ¦
The Korea had fine weather through
out the passage. She left Hongkong
tttirty-six days ago. She was fifteen
days, coming from Yokohama and five
days fifteen hours making the^run from
Honolulu. . - .»
The Korea's passengers included the
following: i .
Mre. F. N. Allingr, L. Avlson. Miss I*
Avlson, M. Badins, Mrs. * Mi Bading, Mrs. C.
H. Beaumont. H." Becker, Miss Best, W.- Boeh
mer. Georee C Boker, Dr. GV Bonarelll, Mrs.
G. Bonarelll. A. J. Bowen, Mrs. A. J. Bowen,
MIfs A. Bowen, Miss O. Bowen, Mrs. W. P.
Boyd and child. Miss Boyle, Kensett Brown,
Mrs. S. E. Brown, C. H. Burdlck. Rev. L. J.
Burgess, Mrs. 1*. J. Burgess, II. C. Butcher,
Mrs. H. C. Butcher, Miss Butcher. Miss EX P.
Butcher. J. TaJbot Clifton, 'W. M. Cochrarie,-
Mrs. AV. II. Cochrane. Mies M. eochran^.
Miss E.- Cochrane. C. B. Collins, Mrs. C. B.
Collins. C. H. Corvell, Amos OtattinB, Bdmund
Davis, Mrs. I3<lmund Davis and maid. Captain
J. G. Dorward. Major U H. Durcot. J. E.
Enright,- P. A. Erbosloh. Baron Krggelete,
Baroness ' Erggelete, Dr. Eva Field, Mrs.
Mackenzle-Frazicr and maid, Captain J. W. II.
Gr.->.nt, Mrs. V. H. Gray, J. W. Gray. M.rs.
K. K. Green. J. B. Gilflllan Jr., H. T. Guerrler,
A. Haace. Miss G. Hommon, Commander U. R.
Harris (U. S. N.), Mrs. U. U. Harris, C. "U
Harrison. Mrs. C, I* Harrison, Major
Kdgar Hcrapath, Mrs. Kdgar Herapath,
W. V. Hltt-, F. A. Holtabough, Miss
Helen Hulbert, Mlsa B. Hykes. Dr. Mattie
B. Ingold, T. Kano. J. E. Kelly. Mrs. J. E.
Kelly. K. K"srte*j-s, Mrs. K. Kertesz, Ernest
Klllan. Captain A. E. Knights, J. M. Itrause,
Mrs." J. M. Krause. Mrs. II. Krusl, Miss Anna
B. Laniers, M. B. I^avltt, Mrs. M. B. Leavltt,
M. . M. levering. Mrs. M. M. Levering. Miss
Mackay. It. II. McGarnie. Mrs. Sullivan Mc-
Grew. Master McGrew. Miss McKay. W. R.
MoXfltt M:-s. J. G. Molr. Miss Molr, T. Moore
hcad.. Mrs. T. Moorehead. Miss Moorehead.
Miss M. Moorehead, W. W. Morris. J.
Nisimura. Dr. \V. A. Noble. Mrs. TV". A. Noble
and three children, Y. Noguchi, A. C. D'A.
Nunes. K. Oguri. Mis9' Oldham, Rev. W. D.
Osborne, Mrs. W. T>. Osborne, Mrs. M. E.
Osgood, JJlss J. B. Park. F. T. Patterson and
valet. John S. Pillsbury. Mrs. George D.
ritzlplos. Master Pltzlpios, Mrs. J. J. Raby
and child. T. C. Randall. T. H. Reid. K
'Richardson. Mrs. Ross and Infant. Miss Uilan
Ross. F. Rushby, Mrs. F. Rushby, A. Sander,
*E. B. Hanford, E. A. Scott., Jerome Scott,
Mis* U W. Shar<>. Ko Sing, E. B. Smith. Mlsa
A. E Soon - W.-"Y Stelmmltz." Miss Tidy.
Oeorgc Trumper. Mrs. GeoFge Trumper. Mrs.
A P. Tonielle. II. C. "Watts. Harmibal Wil
liams. Mrs. Hannibal Williams. Sun Hoy
Wood. Professor J. Zanclg. Mrs. J. Zancig.
Honolulu— Mrs. R. P. Sehwerin. Master R.
•Schwertn,' Mifi A. Schwerin. . Mrs. J. Archi
bald Mrs. Henry Glass. Mrs. U I. ¦Kenak«\.
Miss M. Llchtenberg. Mrs. P. Andrews, Mlsw
M. Andrew-s. Miss C. Andrews. Miss K. B.
Gay. Mrs. F. Painter, llaitw I. Painter. E.
Hlldebrand. C. Poma, Mrs. E. L.. Austin. Miss
M E. Grossman, Mrs. C. A. Bonnet. J Miss I*
McDonald. Mrs. B. McDonald. G. Pocin, Mrs.
'O. Pocin. Miss M. Nichols, Miss H. A. Gay.
Mrs. A. Duboia. G. D: Slahone, Hata Osaka.
XV. U Shields: Mrs. XV. U Shield*. C. Mahon*.
A Perry. -Mrs. M. J. Cabral. A. RoBenwald.
Mrs. E. .Hlldebrand.
So Claims Mrs. George Law
Smith in an Address to
Clubwomen of New York
Annual Session of State
Christian- Endeavor Union
Is Being Well Attended
SANTA BOSX CEOWDEI)
Pacific Mail Company's Liner Korea' Arrives From
the Far East With More Than Eight Hundred
Passengers and Japanese Gold Worth $2,262,910
HARMONY COMES
WITH EXERCISE
BIG GATHERING
AT CONVENTION
OPIUM SHIPMENT WILL
BRING $258,240 DUTY
Goirlinued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE CAiA/if CALENDAR.
14
THE SAN', FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY,-..; JULY .1. 1004.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.-
TO SAIL,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Etatea Coast ' and Geodetic Survey
lime ana Height ot High and Low Water*
Time Ball.
'Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.; Mer
'¦. chants' • Exchange,' San Francisco, Cal.j
June 30, 1004. .
'.The Time Ball - on ; the ; tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. c, at nrjon of , the I20th meridian. ¦ or at 8
p. m., Greenwteh time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. in charge.
-. July,
(dot.
¦ S.'l M.
T.
I W. I T. ij
I F-' "t S-
(Wren's Phases
_ I
j V I
3 I "4 |
ia ' ii |
" ft
32
~\jlL 7 j
j_L_L
IS -9.
! 15 | 10
i i
. <& July 5.
- !/£, Xt-'.v Moon
l^y July 1*J.
iiijjij
lft
f 2© | 21 I
! 22 | 23 .
-jk First Qr.
-|JP July 19-
£<>
• I 2? I 28"
I 20 i 30
T
•l~\-
I
!
I I
-I.O\Fa:i Moon;
j-Vi^ . July 27.
-. July,
(dot.
¦ S.'l M.
T.
I W. I T. ij
I F-' "t S-
(Wren's Phases
_ I
j V I
3 I "4 |
ia ' ii |
" ft
32
~\jlL 7 j
j_L_L
IS -9.
! 15 | 10
i i
. <& July 5.
- !/£, Xt-'.v Moon
l^y July 1*J.
iiijjij
lft
f 2© | 21 I
! 22 | 23 .
-jk First Qr.
-|JP July 19-
£<>
• I 2? I 28"
I 20 i 30
T
•l~\-
I
!
I I
-I.O\Fa:i Moon;
j-Vi^ . July 27.
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
THE GERMAN
Savings ¦ and Loan Socfety.
A Corporation Dofnir* Business at No. K0 Call-
-,- \* .fomla Street. '. : .'-*'
v : ;¦¦ ,'• dated .ii'xk qo. iiwm.
CAP1TA3T. ST6C3C, actu^l'y •
" paid up in Qou\ coin... :-.$i,oo6,ooo.oo t
BESX^tVE rUNOi 'actually ¦ .
• paid up in Gbid Coin." ; . . . 1,173,0*0 00 •
' JOHN l.U)T.D, '
President of- the German and. Loan .
.Society. * . ' . ' • / ' j£V ; ¦;'.*.'*
r ? .*7 . CEOHGE TOUBXT. -.."
Secretary of th» (Jermap rSavlngs' and I^oan
. ' Society. *. • •' .-• •
State ot California.' City' »nd County of Sa* * ,
Francisco— ss.. • . • .. '•..."
JOHX LLbYD'and GEORGE XOPRNT. bf' .
ing each separately, duly sworn, each for hitn-
selt says: That said. JOTf?l* VAjO1& Is.PresI- .
detat and that said GEORGE "FOUR^T- l» .
Hfc»etary of THE. GERMAN SAVINGS AND .
LOAN SO-TETV; tbe.- i.'orpcratlon above men-
tloned*, and that Iho fbrejeolnff statement is troe^ *
*.-¦-¦¦¦ - -JOHN LLOYD.
.':'•¦•¦ " • • . GEOnGEfOURST.
Subscribed and sworn- to before me this 20tb .
•Jay of June*. 1D04 :.*•'• —*••/.
.[Seal]" . ''a . • CEO.T. KNOX. * '
• Notary. Public. In a'nd for the City. and County :
of San Francisco, State of California*. . -/ "-
¦ • - . .' *
SEVENTY-THIRJ) HALF * YEARL.X" '.
REPbRT . '
THE GERMAN. PAVINGS AXD LOAN..
V; -^ SOCIETY.* ' -• * .*•
"526 CAUFOHNIA STREET,' .
8A!N FRANCISCO. CAIJFORN1A.
.' SWORN STATE^LENT **,..:;•
Of the condition aad valu» of the Assets . andf
Liabilities of THBGE«M,AN SAVINGS ANI>
LOAN SOCIETY a corporation doing business .
at No. -326. California street. Ip the City and •
County »f San Francisco, State of .California; ...
and. where said "assets' are"' situated on Jun*.
30, 1904. ... ¦ • - ,
nOoCT^ . . .... ''*'¦ »fc .
1 — $3,600,090 United Statas 4 pert"*. * ."
'iiV-'j ' ¦ cent ¦ reclsteretf-
• ' Bond*, of 1925 the
. • value of which' is., I3.M0.M0J9
JJ.CO-1.COO United States S per , ¦
M|#iiM c e n- t --registered > •'.*.:''£'
. . Bonds of 19S0. the. :• .
'•-;. . ralue of whlc.1 Is.. «.137.500 0»' \
.Of * these bonds' "•, _ •• * .
• M.OOO.eOO are. kept ii(- . '
a- safe *ln th« vault, • • * *
of and rented from
the New York "StocK
Exchange BuHdlng *, . " •'.
Company in New * .'-'"?¦ .**,
*;•< . York -City, and' th* - . ' • J . .''.
.* re'malnder ¦ In. th« ¦ .> *
• vaults- of the Corpo- ¦ •.
ration-. V " ;* - "
I0.62S.6OO MIscellaneaua Rail- * . •
. . . - road. Cab!. and : ,'•>--..
' '¦ St're.et Hallway.-' •" *
IJght and other .
" * . " Corporation ¦ B«nda'
aftd Snares o'f • , . : '
Stock, the value- of. ¦ ' •".-». *
. ; : ; which Is .-...¦.....¦..-• 1.437,S55.0r> *
All of -said Bonds- '¦¦-.-• - * "I
and Shares of Stock' • *."• . ¦ * .
•.'¦.'¦-• • are kent \h the •. " '.'.'••
«aalts* of the Corpo*
* ration with, the ex-
ception of . "$100,000 •
Southern P 9,0 I f I Q • .«'i''] ••».
.Railroad Gt' Call-.' ».'•,'••
• , fornia Consolidated -* '
; ;; r.lrst Mortgage 5
per cent Stamped '. •: * *•
'¦Ponds k»pt ra N-?w. - * • •.._•,".
..- Tork City in th« ." * .«jw -' •'
Safe .* above mea|- ',¦'[- •'•
J12.S25.6C0 ' " : .• : 914.603.355 00 •
Standing on the books of .th« '
Corporation- at V >. $13.3*53.44* 29
2 — Promissory notes ¦••••ired. bSr . -.-.
flfst mortsages on Real*. Estate, • ". .••/
within this Stat*. the" State* . ¦ •'» -f
of Oregon.- *\*.'a*»hlnRton. Vtii>
*. and Territory of Hawaii. ' •'". .*.-. '*
.The'value of sai'd promissory ." .'
.-., notes Is '.•¦....;... — . . : » . 20,91!*;, 100 T8 '
3-^-Mlscellaneous Rallro'^'d. Street ¦•
• Hallway and other Corporation' . '..:.'.-
Bonds ' and Stock Certlflcaies ''-.•' *. * .
pledged to 'the Society • fop the
•".amount of' .-". J-.S10.5T4 63
Said- J* cites. Bonds -and Cer- v . ' -"-;*V
'..tlflcates are partly. held and ¦ : ; '
kept by said Corporation In Its '¦' . . .'.;¦¦
own vault's, aria partly. In New *l*
. Yorli City In the safe abovs '".V." > '•*.«•".
. ¦ mentioned. ' •
4— Bank Building and "Lot. the . . • • ..
• value of which t.9 '...'., ... 93.000 00 .-.
.B — Other Real Estate situated 'tn . . ..,
the States of California. Ore-.. * ' — ...
gon and Washington, the value . '. * . '-•
•of which U >.... :..*. 1.248,213 59 .- v
•6 — Furniture la the •ba.nlt offica •:>•/•"• •' .'
of saict Corporation .'.'..- '. 1,000 .00.'
T — Cash In- Vl" lte d ' States Gold" •" -.¦"•-= - 1
and Silver Coin, kept by said
Corporation in Its own vaultsv" . - ••'.
. the "actual -value of which la.. 1.433.142 *3
:¦*; .Total j ;;....... *33. 919. XS2 5; '
'liabilities..'-:..'- v \
1»— To Depositors:' 5atd -'Corpora.- • . ' . . .•'*•¦•
• tlon owes "D*p.oslts amounting *• •
to.znd the- value of wWch -Is. $36, 573,013 IS ••
2— : To Stockholders: TTtb amount ',- .-...-'•
of Capita* Stock, actually paid ' -. - ... * . *
tan. in Gold. Coin, the value of '• :
which is' #«." ¦ l,Otd.OC# Cfl .,
*. The condition of- said liabil- - . • ••
lty to stockholders Is, . that * au ¦ . . * ••• .
" part of th-» amount : -can •*»• • • . '*» *
paid to them, or In any way tttr . - ;-.*.'" *:
withdrawn? -except In payment • ".- r •.
of tosseii during the •' existence ! ' ¦-*..'
of the Corporation, aor aattt " ' . -" •¦ •'.
. • all Depositors shall hav» beea ; ,* , •" — .
• paid In full jthe amount of theln " * . *'-'¦"•.-
deposits and declared, dlyidends. J -. ' .
•"3 — To Depositors and ' 8 took* • * ;. •
' ljolders:-" . * '< '• •>'/}'.''. . ¦¦
(a> The amount of the.Re»er»« . ,-i ¦•
Fund In OoM Coin.. tha -«alU» • : > **•'
*. of which la .-'.:¦. .'.. l,lT*i*5»» »« *
Including the amonnt of ma-
tured but uncollected". interest : ••» - 1 ••
on loans. • • - * * . - "- '
?b) The "amount 6t the." Contin-
gent • Fund, the value • ot . .. . • •
which ts ...*....» ......... ••. T3.S4J U
The condition of said Fnnda • . •» • •
' Is that the name have been . .
created for the purpose of ad-
ditional security to Depositors .,...;
against losses." - • \ .
4— State. City and Cou"nty TaxM * -'•.•
Sssesse-d by . the Gayernmant.'
ut not yet payable........... • VT.ftlS T?
• Total. w.-.II.*.. ........... ..*..|3a.91-».fC 09 •
• »
;•'::, ¦•' J0H3I IXOTT>.*
President of tbe Gennaa Savings and Loaa
¦> soclety -. ' -' .' -geo/tourxt; •'•
.Seocetary of 'the German -Saving* and Ltwa '.
•Society.
State of California. City and County of • Saa
FTantlsco— s*.* -. . •
JOHN LLOYD and GEORGE- TOTJRNT..**-
lnir each separafely. duly sworn, each for h!nv» •
self says: That r*ald JOHN I.LOYD ts -Pretit-
deni. and that said GEQ. TQTRNT ta *%**'. ¦
tary of THS GERMAN SAVINGS ANDLOAJI .
SOCIETY, the Cor'pora.tion above menttooed.
and that the foregojng statement !¦ true. . .
; JOHN LLOTU.
• " . -¦* ..'-.. GEO. TOURNT. ". •
Su"s*"crll>ed and sworn to before me this i(H3\
da t3ean ' UP g'eO.. T. KXOX, Notary Public. "
¦¦; DEATH I
" : -v Oqnilnpoa; I'rofn Past Tliirtcen. ; |
•-'._ ';.:;¦<. : jn^^T ¦"'
, Eianniflc Ms'-s. Cl*ra MfCarthy, Annie'
••Car-neau, Ph^j^; J. McOtoler. Jaine.- : .
•'Cord. .X JV." • . alcfcTeco; CarrK Kcott I
•' ' "t;aneo, • Thel:«a * '• • Mufsct. Eltanora _..
' Uanahy. riU a fiirjs ,. *<*?**. ">«»» «;• . *j
".-.:i-;iii?.-rtarlfj« 'i: ¦ o'Sfi!. Wwanl J.. ¦
' .-' --laliVrty." MarK-irf •O*X«-ill,- Maria . j
*-. t*ardneo.-l:cb'o»a ; ):»4mi, -Elvira . • •'
• 'I -Oiff. AJina.l>a>«y Hanehcz. Mrs. T. \ -
-. .'JcnVinf. Sarah'. - -.Sn;ith. Jatr.fS ¦ - - j
•" Lrh«nc>- JfSta f- ¦ * •Welcker.-; Mcndell; j
";" LUJi^.lhabfJ J. .11.. . -Wilson. Lt M. .
; .: Luhrnriacn. Jk>r.i'i'e \^ .'.vr-V^'X* '• '•? " .-*"].
'"*BA*XXI"*vG— The 'Ctoneral cA M*.a. Clara *H- I
•' .lf S nnrn*K-'.Vi:!'iake"i-;-»<r irom »hc residence -|
-. *cf her fainiiv. «ii6 :W-i'.sworth [avenue Oak-
, --'Ahd, at 2 o'clock '-SuiaJay.- July 3.. JrVemis
;! 'Bnd-af<iua"incin<vs. are re.<»i>cct fully iovitca. .
'.. '' Intermthl rrlvas*. . "•" - • ' '.o- ~ ..
/C'AZNEAL-— Jn":-.Tbi»" city. '.June 20. 1904." ¦¦
• -Phoebe J.^Oi-zneau. Ti'idow-.of the late oen- ¦
r . '*«;•*{•' Thon-.«> Ni Car.ne4U, a Aaw>;e of feeaw-. :
•• j.ort. :»£e,i acrtl M years. * •-- ' . ' .
'¦• "' |3r3r"rt6uS* and -acQualntancee are rcspect-
."'XC>lv"in<'JrcU to-^li.ond the funeral this u»y |
. "-4FriftsV'K,Ju!y. i. a» 3 .p'.lock.- twm th-; mor, j
'/ "tuary' chajiol 6f.{he Golden Gat» Undtrtaic-,'.
.:¦ ''(mi '•'Cci::i)ariy. -'2475 Mission' -street. : near i-
•' . "CwtgXtfififtti . Intcnnt-nt I|«ly Cro«» " Cem- . .-
'¦"{. "etcrj-. . ' .* - . : • • " / ¦ - - ; .
e6RD^*tr«tai A"pril 6.-1904; J. .W. Cord..j
-.-. -h'.n of tp* Jate \Villia«i and Annie Cord, ana <
•' ¦-¦.hrother -of 'Itft.- M-. -.Veter»tv». Mrs. J.- Lan- 1.
r istbfacA 'Mrs. -A..J?acauri. -Mrs. : T. '•
•' *n^" Mm." M". 1>wes, a naOve. Ct .tan Fran. •
••' •-¦•:»c6, -as<d*33 year* »r.d 25 days;. : .
"Cl>NEX>r-ln * thfs '.city. June'30, 1904, at the .
'-.- if alderite-- ct. her parents. 815 Bay ptreet. .
•' '•.ii't'elm-i. "defrty 'beloN-ed daughter "of F. J. \f
• i' and Ros« jCuneo» «nd «lj-ter of Joaeroh, Irma ¦
• -eiii -Roland. CuiUeo. a native of- San Fran-.
'¦';. "ctjfco' : a*ed €¦ years, . - '
'¦-..' .C7"FuEe>ai' private. ' Holy Cross Cemetery.
'.iiA'NArj'r-^in-Bcrkelfy, Juns 29. 190*. Cath : ' .
'"•¦-€V-:-ne..l?anahy, belovtd aunt of .Mary Mori- .
;^:.-«rt-y,.a. uatiyjr'of parish of .Kilgobbin. County.
¦i£«T»'.' lrda'p'd. - (Boston i>apers please copy.)' I
.¦"/.'. ".CXyrWnda and aoauaintanc<«s »r«r r^specU- j
.' -iu'ly invltipd t« -attend tlae funeral Friday. !
.-" " j:ilj- "V "at -a ©''clock from hen late residence, j
¦.".•.'IT-'"!" "Dana -street, bftwtt-n -Parker and Blake, \
!-.*. tjjifnee .-to." bt':" Joseph's Cnarch. where a rt-
•'^.''cjulem *hii;h* Jr.itts will be cflebrattd for' Xhe
V"*i'osf*<)ILJiv-.6ool, i-oinmenclng at 10 o'clock.
•'•'/¦"lincpmeirt •St. v Marj-'« (Jeuriettry,- Oakland. .
¦¦-Etins^At em's landing, Richmond, June 30, .
"•.-'i!H>4:-*-.Charle'» Tliomas KIMS. . brother' oj.
.:..i^'!^fia-*K. tnj-ftefnfe E. * "£lUe. a ivat.ive"of
'. 'M-alifbr^ia,^ 'aged. Ii5. years .-.7 months' and 18
'•¦-.•.cl-ry«>.- ••.-.'-.•--.
.*¦.¦¦.-.. t!XFrJerfds 'are • .respectfully Invited lo'
-.•¦'•'. \ 'nJ: .Thf.vfwnrrAl." em-Ice* Sa-Uiriay, Jujy ¦•
• .'.w',,..at 11 .o'clock;' n.t above re.6idence: Inter-*
v ' :: -'p:*r.t ; . private, . Mountain • View- Cemetery;
i : ;'.'iaklh*hd:-.V. '". . . , \ ..*.-• .--.
: .J"^Alri>rtTY-7rn''- 6a;ri •Jose.' June. . SO. l!>0i."
••>"*ratejir":t. ' J>e<o\-e*J 'wife ot the late Thonia's ,
*i.f>'lakfrty,*-. a<iil;- niother ot' James J. ¦ and
• .-: -.Tiiomas'V-iahecty. and "Mrs-. -Annfe T. Haqly. •
•¦¦'¦.-¦ it ;-lta*ii**c f>1 lrbland, ocpi.1-4'1 years.
'•" ¦ '.*FC?'lCotice of funeral hereafter. - '. ' -
¦.fi-MiC&E?.— li. -fhis cit>; .Jude .29. -,t?OJ,
.'¦: 'Jletesca." Gardner. . belo%ed. mother of Gforg* '
:;. "TrV".-- »>ardnf'i-' of Southern' Pacific Compan-y.
. , -'Vii'-Tifrb'-vf Cincinnati, Ohio, a nativeu«u(-- ¦
¦¦.¦.r-Jrna-vJ. sged Tears » m'onths and 18 day». •
:.;'. <C4n'-'.iinatf. .Ohio.- paperE- : 4jl«ase *cooy.)
.'.[.-'¦-J^iiijilcf^t 'Sxmet^l 'hereafter. . ¦ .
Gl'i:>rr i iB.kb!s.litivJund 29; i*KW.'Anna Daisy
'•':.• -JiVitJijini, -v.iff cf'A.'.J. Oies and sistt5r of.
¦-•;.'Mrt?f •"»%'. ¦IV.PIonaaer and'W.'-L. -Withanif cf';
..."-.thi?. .*cit:.:: . an;1 .-W-alu-F ¦' V. ' \S"itham of I
.,.-Iu<-nria', -r'. -I.. ¦¦• " ;•¦. " " i
: '.'.'. '•fi^Funpra"l"e»!*Ti'"?« r-rlday.'JUIv l, at i
'.-..vY r ' J .-k.-.ajl tWe- u sfdepi-e of W.-P..Plum'mer, '
;^~MSj-:\thtnJry: etre*t. - Jnierjnent private.
.J^-Srkixti— lit.'thi< city, p'unf "Oo. 1064, sar-rh
" -.i;«iKinff 1 .dt3frlyjie*lp-.T?d "*»fe of John .Vi-ikfr.s.
¦-iuTvJ t, lf«ed m&jhelrof. Mary,- Erfw-ard, Sadie,
•¦•.-:i:tl,rl'.ajTa. : l''.r?i'.W.Jepkini'... and -sister of. Mrs.. *
'.-.-U'rar.ic. .•<;ilfe'th*-r,-*.*arid iiie^. of Mrs. ilary
:; ;.J>ugV.fvahif.:-M-*K, gaggle K^lly, a -native of
•¦;¦ ¦ban-'frarirlura, :accd • J2- v^ar^ • t>" montjis and
;.-:-.> via'ys., : . •":.:._. - . •... . •" . .'
:"¦;.; fc-^'-Ni-;: i<;? Of-:Xut;eral hereafter. Remains
.••..'.¦¦rV.tnj; JiiirJjrs.qn «Jant3i'rJ3mF-, 1209 Mission "
.;¦: .*i**'/*-v.. : Iis.w»-j;Vij.* ntglirh. k«<l- NiuLh.-_
I-KJii;t>Ii;;v— ; (ri-A'ldined4.""Juiie 29T, iw>4. John
.-..'J-'faJK'^'dc'arly h^loved hufband of Florence I
..•¦ : .'J>tlVi!ev./ itiid-Xsiher of- ilantist. .Victoc- and-
..'.AnLur L.'iiVne.v. -and aou' of Mr.*. and .Mfc-.
:. : ; ,.i'-..-Jili'-nf.y. "an<t ¦brother of Mary., and Jamrs
;"*t>li«:nV.>;.k.-}at;i5e.ol.Vr(!)vid-:nce, U.-.r, asc?d
¦-, 4 : : yfa.te. •*.,'••.. -. ' ... .. .-
:;.;:" ••tr/j-NoVitc 'tf- funeral hrrcafter. •' -
."'jLlI.-.trt^ii-f/ thiVcilji 'Juile. 30. "19O1. Isibel '
- J£>n."_l}fn"MPtt KITlir,. dearlv beloved and oriJJ-
;': "¦.«-l)"iJ.^..of. :nd)^r<' l'-.aftd Uaiey t'« 1/illie a ni-
..•.r.'-'tivi-. .-aC-nciioluiu; .ssed'-T-jrears.-] 'month and
• -.;o-. : «ia^>-.;-. . ¦..•'.•"¦-..¦..¦•• -.¦ '.'. ¦¦• .
':; ..•£">.'r : 4r'vK«s iflrflT 'be H°ld to-morrow (Sat-. •
••.¦'V'--<lV>.'>..J.!ul-y' 2. at MO:3o fr'dpck. at"the-r<«i-<-
¦•" •"-..•«' •OVS'/ft' l'.tr-U.a'veii.is, *1T4- t=hot,well Btriet,
¦¦^..¦•» r ;tjy.L'fr ; - : F : -.*'t5-iei-th;and SjaLtefentn. -Interment
-' -.'i'.yiM-c.-'V- L.a>iji-<.:cmotery, . by electric funeral
•~ .¦.'•< ?*r.- nprn- -jpigKtevritr;-dnd' Guerrero' streets. •' '
lA'HiiyiA^tS^Ui this' city, June *;o. -19^4, '
.„'¦¦ \yrUi~; ¦tfel.b.vc-d.r»-l€<; -tf .IiernhardUuhrmann,
.•jfiW.iiicrh.orcf-MlnnleXuhrman-n/and eteter. -
..•ir.3i«.;'.il.-j-.* \Vc:Es!ii>!g: and "Ht'nry Maass.
.-'... Ji" : 'rtari^e- .i»f ..Gerrr.anjr.' . •• • •
:"*. j t J r .F:rifBd5-.;«n'd.: ttcqiiair-'tancee' are respect--
:..-ftiUy.i^\'itcd-ro«Ueftd. the. funeral to-jmsrrow '
.. *s-J*****nJ*r>; : Jujy* 2, ' at • 2 oclock, - from her
•'•¦ ¦;!**.*"; tvivkpif;.. -1)4 '.Ghenory ".ttreet, between
;T;TmtJJ*JIi feSid Falimgunt. Interment Odd'
•,:¦>*•! loKE r .';Cemflefy.- : .*. -. .- ' *
.W^.'.VKTilWln this- -city. June 30. • 1804,' •
•-;. ' Anate. 't»c;ti-.-?d':»iT<i of t>enis S. *"Mc""*rtBy, *
:'.: :*ind,motVfr ot NMii«- McCarthy, a native of
' : t '"l'*n-Jy=MaLwa,v." l>elar.d. Aged as years.
; .' JErKt.ir.Ainsat narlf-rs of" McFadden,' Me-
>-,; ; Ki«a (-».>;' *--.*><* n. 1171 Mission street ie- '
:,-.::iJW(-i.;.Se"\;«it)i.i l -id ElKhth.. - . .;•-
:srL^I ; NUl>y— in tljis .city; June' la. lt>04, Jan»a
-.;• >! L <-*!n!e.v; -beloved ; brotiitr of ¦ Mrs. A.
.". >iiarke>\.. arid -u;icl-> cf Mary. * Jafrics Grace,'
V: -lvi.i^;ari<i Kora .Shatkcy''.a .natLve of County
-;:.,i>...ni-Fa-l.. IrtlSttijI - stfied Z0 ' years' 3 months
.'-,. :.a.'r.d •_T.-days.'- . • . ' ';-.; ; : * :
" ¦'. '.tl?~i r !*"i^r.a6-and*c<juahitahces'are respect- -"
' .;fully; fr>vjtod --tiv.-aurnd- the funeral to-day
•; Ufrdav).. at.*:-"* o'rl&cK. from the residence -
.. >ni-.hts. ii--ter,".6jO Nintb 'Bjret>t', ; thence .to" TSt. !
.V. J'.Vl/h.'s CtoiTt& wherp.a requiem hlph mass I I
•.:-a.-:U;be. -c-elfjirafed.fovtli^iepise erf his. soul ',•
..:. -ijciii^K-Hfha.ai.u o'clock. ; Interment Jloly
¦ ¦'•.'-" l -"r!»-s VerhettrV. ¦" '...'• :.. • • * " f
.JJcK'KfeN-^t) .VklQand. June •' SO; 1904*- Ca'rrie <
..- ...f-Vfitr McKMn.- -mother r,t Ella B.. Herman 1
¦. -.--h.- s^nd; .McX*"".- and eister of '
- - HrS*^-".^ 1 ," of " -Oakland . and .Mrs.
•. : Mitr*rtl hnd .Professor -JI. M. Sc.ett- of Chl-
..-.<?go.- Ill.^-.a'rta'ttve cf Nova'Kcoilk,* Ca«iad«
•;.?'-*g*7S;'4S"i*ear»*-4. month's .and: 2 da"ys. .- • •
*Il"Ii£<*M— Ih this- city, Ju6e 28, 1904 Elea- '
... . ¦ n>ira...Mun>ch'. .tSe'lovtd w4fe of- the "late -Jacob •
-.- ,M.uu>th.-'«tjid- mother of. the Ia.te Carl Jutkf
". jt. -niiiieef Geimany, aged 06 years 3 months •
• : .;i»n^.20'-xiayfi.- ' "* ¦; •.•'..
..'•'¦ .Ey.rrienda. -aqd acquaintances are fespect-
'-..Uil!-}'. invjted; to. attend- the funeral to-day
•; <l"riday)..,Ju1y.J^at 9 o'clock, • from her late
". i«;-ld(.nre,' i'5 -Alt* strwt» between Union and-
• "Flljj^rt (Ttl»-Erat.h- H11U, jtnd tbence to St'
1 '.i..:i:_s Church; corner Eddy 'and GoUgh '
.'- t-ireex&t . where, tunmt Services -will .be Kfeid
«f I.O.- o'clOL-lc Interment Cypress Lawn'
Cemetery. - * .•__.-_¦
.WOKllIP— At b/r Tcsideoce, "»S7 Buah street
• Thurttfv, .Juoe'SO. 1004, Julia M. Nurrls"
•• mother or Mrs.* .Horace. Davis and Frederic
K. Ktue. . . .•
CS'I-'pneral strictly private.'
CNE1L— la Sonoma. "Cah. June 26, 1804 Ed-
ward J. O'N'eil.- beloved -»on of the'* late
. Udward and Kllcn .O'Keil,- aid beloved
. twother of 'Mrs. M. 'Kcheverria and "the late I
Mrs. ¦Nellje "Carroll, a- hative x>l San Efan-
cis'xi. " • " .* • . .
t^TFriends and ecqualntinces arerespect-
. fully imi.ted to attend the funeral to-day '
« Friday >, at -3 o'clo<tit. from tHe parlors of
*the Hrnry J. GaHaghf-'r Underukinz. Com- I
Ijarrj-. 30 Filth btrttt. thente <o Holy Cross
Church, wh/rc a solemn requiem hteh masa
• will l»e celebBited for ".the -repose rf 'his-
•joul. 'cotnmencjnc. at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . •
CXEUX- In tm< city, June 30,* 1901 . Maria.
."O'N.'ill <nee "McGillicuddyJ, beloved wit*., of '
.1. W.. O'Neill, and sistfr of Johanna Mt<Jll-
ii-.-u'JJy, and aunt of John -Kennrdy and* Mrs
James Mcl^JIjTOtt. a native of Moiaphiffe.
. t:o»int>' Kerry. Ireland, ngti 47"yeais. . "
. IC.Friitids .and acquaintances art- respect-'
ifullv inviu^l.lo attend- the funei-al to-mocrow
< Saturday), at S:30 Vciock, from her late
tffcldet cf .119 Julian avenue, between "Fif-
. tf-cnth. and Sixteenth, thence* to MisEion'Do-
_ lottii .'Church, .whtre a" requ'.cm hlsb nlasa
•vii be celebrated for the renos'e of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Ho^y Cross Ceine-
t*ry. .-..'..- • . * *
niTHM- In* 'this city, June 29. 1904- El\"ir*
lUhnv dearly beloved daughter of Jacob and ¦
Thtresa Rohm, and sister o"r Mary El'iza^
'. *-j«-tli- and RUljard Eusene Behm, a native"
of Kan Trancis>co, acedf *> months.. . =•
SANCHEZ*— Ih* San Matco,- Mrs. Tornasa V
" S-'itnchiz, b-.Wv«id mother ot Ines. Larkin-
• and th'.- late Elofca 'Sanchez, a riative : <5f
.California, aged fc" yearn and :; "month's.
fyFriends and -^cqu'alnunces- are retpect.-
. ruTiy' invited to'attend the funeral Saturday,
July .2. 'ftxfni the residence .of her cistec
B Lucia Loi>ez," thence to St. Mdthew's Charch*
.V.bcre a- mass will be celebrated for th*
ro-»M> ot her' soul.. Interment £t. " John's
• Ccrr.£Ury* • • •¦ • .' ..
SMITH — In. this 'city. -June 29. 1904 ' James
beloved ljis-i.i-.nd cf Emily M. Smith, 'and
fath'r of Mrs. Mary -Johnson: Mrs. W. A
Mahood and- Willie Snsltti; a- native of Ens-'
lajid. cgr»-d CO yes*i«. . • . -
-*•:¦:•>:•• *ER— U.* \jos Artgeles. June -27. 190*,
h>NRY J.-CACLACHER CO.
iSuccetsorie to Flannagan t Gallazher
t-AK'EL P. DONOVAN. M-rr
•fLMiiLvu lilXJt-CTOR-j >"NI>" KiiliAIIMKIti
M A-itta «-t... oppct'te'JJ.itoln School..
•. .Tt-lcphonc South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
*— -Fun";-*! IJirectors and gmbaJmen— -
. ... Formerly -in Metropolitan Temple,
"NOV. « KWMlftilOi. ..- Tel. tautti .1CT.
Between Fourth and Firth, near Fifth "st. ' !
*tne.t Equipments at Moderate rates.
• James McGinn. Henry Hacaea."""
jamcs mcginn & co.. . .•
Fcrmesly With McGinn Bros..
— i-Funerai Directors and Etnbalmers^—
?l±JZ64y_*t 1 t^T*:V Soath 67<L
MenJell \\*clck»r, a native of Orejcon, aged
42 :.fars' 2 months and 24 days.
• ITTTumral services at St/ Mark's CKurch,
Berkeley, to-dv <Kriday), at 2 o'clock/ In-
" terment private. • . ' •
WJl.S'OX— In this. citj\ June 30. 11)04. L. -if.
Wilson, a native of I'.linpit-, ated 50 years..More JJfe and Firmness on the
Exchanges Yesterday.
STOCK MAEKET.
The .Korea brought tip from Japan gold yen
valued at $2,262,010. ¦ ¦ .
Silver. . was % c . higher.
1 . LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight .'. — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — - 4 ss*;
New York Exchange, sight * — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
fillvt-r. per ounce: — - ¦ 60%
Mexican > Dollars 46% @ 46%
INTERNATIONAL, !
New Yorjc on Mexico . . . V. .'...'. .212%
Berlin on London .20.40^4
Paris on London .25.21
Wheat cjxd Other Grains.
WHEAT — The .foreign markets show more
tone on account of greatly reduced European
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
• Duties hn Imparts:
f;;^«:r*c*tDt« v ;rf : .<utl-i. : .tfn.'" imports, a.t th«
fc>3- $*itor!sci> Cus'forn-h^uEe .during the momh
at-^e'-^r»^.j'G36:72!r..-«ra'.n*t .ff.2.5.4SS. in
j;ir&'Z^:':T*!iXotfil-i*<''J&tt'- front January >
x*j^-*^ : *±??v.w:'*s*i^t'* : hs si < 1Z0 dur 
:^'j^t*^«.J3*.ri(jd'':ls,;t yea>. .. ' -r.
Z ' -. - Bjir.k Clfarings:. '¦': \ ;[
¦•z&<*\- *ar.k'' .Arr Uune T were" $125.-.
.eSc.i^v>«*irist:, .«?:v4!H,r>42' In June,;.-- 19<%"».
T<yr'. --.fix.: Sriont-hs ' cT flae; year.-'-t.hcy !
Veri> •.'$72?.4'"'i;'S4"S .airajB$t'$#:n.'C54.0r.r. tar- the ,
fV~e •'--*-¦.'-. "' S. '..¦T't -bark.'npjires -show t»-.r.t
iV.y.,:.::^:^ 1 ; .b^K!iid-.1903"-.fn lhere- leal -
Xl&i/ftSB*. ¦-" **'e - ricained'-sotac' iost - procr.d fn
'J^jn*';--f: ¦¦••• in-Jarf 1. t<«; ¦w-«pe-..a"»apt.:$l^.<XF>.0Ort
Whi'si 1?<^3 1 v Ti.?->rfa*' we ¦Vr*." tww.'orily'a.ripuf.
¦J ; 3<**V ''¦«'• "Kehlriii.'-. This aprarent."a- indicates,
iorte'rt :ri.:'!ri -rc^al tri'le. in .Ju-ne.-.f or th T - dear- :
lfjEsV.tf.' : ;>?Ay.;">s:rte ; <ri'9.!fOS,'S»6..--or abcuf $6.-
*«'-,00i? -fy}?*: •'¦¦iHoVe- .for- .the HaOjatl}* of ; J ur.e. • '
Ore gen Crap'BuUeirii/: :
;--T*e;ret^^"-o*f •*c4v?-r4 v jiecMfari <31
'recror.- j'-nitvi -Prat-S. W«athfr m:r»au. tnr-{h« '
O.ftgcs. .C+'Tp-touiJctii' fcr-the*:'w*fk;enfe4 June •
: .: ¦••.¦¦¦¦':¦. ". ' .*'¦- • .
Tt'e^T'art.-^Vek'.has ¦r^eh.VJrywith.-cnol mfchts
iiid .-:ir^ijr.--'.'6 : iii?S...-' : .A«..'Ktc 1 »Fifas? (Mpf ne*4
riin.-Ja.na-' "•ur.Vessvrt- c**tn<e*.- eoon ep^'ng
s«"R(J-"ib^: f^HoTitf .frfp ';6f .-riay -sciJl t*. urt-j«ually
lirhr-' : A: £?*?$;'¦ fX?sl "oc'rnrTf^'I'' < ri4 a >'' taoming.
!n*-.-tiie'-^a>''t^rr.r."h"is-h lewl -w«-tionp. -ar^d'. tender
¦v^e>kt:ess-"u-i£fe : ha'(l:y.";*rt5pe4..'*ll4. scsne' px*in
<"VniajrV."i.- -'C'Vi' the ?aif.^.'.mr>rhi-nK. li?ht frosts
.•*-'er»Vrtpcrie'3vi!} : '-a-';riur # .ber .of.-.ltjcaistle-j wesf
*oi. :.the\tCasc»def"J;.:buf. \b(-y. did no matrrial '
" .¦harm? ¦.-•.¦"'."¦.:••-.•.-¦•¦.••.¦.• '¦'.'¦
¦ .¦.'¦•.*nt;CVrain : ii:'fi:!lnR-'riCf"y. V^t' f P r: *il* Kraio
!is--'-h<-'*'i'.Vi "'¦ Frlorf .- •• •¦-."rlajUn^'- haf-made/ rapid
">r«kres>F-..''i'u*'ir.jr" tfc* •' w.ttk,;-but" nearly every "
k hefe-''the'.'-n-Tifr*is" ; iEhoxf -a • falhrg.koff from.
¦ «i-io«iE''<Tp^«;tSrtSftri's, -Pasture's are drjinR u;\
»ut-"-fe*o'ilg • - iM i H." SorA- iina ¦" e VoCk. ' continues in
fretWr£----?£<i\ i ,Vi-: ¦'¦''. ' !'": '' . /'• *. ¦'¦¦ '• '•
.'.'."flop?. ' ¦¦¦{r>.rj>.risi. : tfi\A : -onions.- .potatoes' .ar.^
c;"ctv.;v*::"; 'i:\j-ih-. vit>'»efiinc,'"sajn.--'h«.-e. made fairly
k'ck)?." Swf" >s :iurVfc«'- -the. »>ff k. -. - Early .pota-.
iof-"s-"jir»: !¦>-.'? -h>u"i£Lt«>d. , --Thfi. se3.4.'n -so tar
hja«" b^66 •r^rns.rlfa-^.y ffw- fr.>m". (sve). rests v "
;";: Tltievsr.-arV. rrV.-^'p. : tjirsed : «ut. fairiy •sat
:. /^-.- .' -.\.-.' . -':Jr. •• ) Si%\r..>t'.so.^Vsv.v a<.
S^*W*':tf*tft *«eri "Jiad .there .befn" mare rain'
ri'r'.ic- 1 " •'¦ r.' ¦'J'rf'- ''* j±u-~ . A'ppl<>' coRt ir.Ve rrom
•si-ri> : '-ir,;i- .if:° ' {acftlaok.' «r. "peaches-, is • fairly,
¦.t&dtf: Vcrti*' Ht*»d/ o'f- ch^rits" U.-Jsetttr -;han, ex--,
' ¦gejc.tt'&V, ¦;;'¦¦; :¦}¦. ' -.y- : ..-.^ <' ..¦''.'.- ' _ ]'•¦ 't
' Weather' Report. . '¦'•¦ .
• f-l'?*S. MeridjarL-^racfflc . Time.)' • .; •
'•:-V.':' r ;...\f'ANviEi|U»Sil^tS0Qfj -June '.da— 5 p: -m. |
;-:"TTAt'.V6y«'w-Iiii.Ts."jai:t-;ur} -"anM minirnuni -tem
pfra'tfureif 'at'";' Stpcrted.- fo.r • fh.e" J>r«vl6is Cay :
'B«t : cn-:;V: ;;.'.".•.•. ."T4'.?r«Nt«- J*)rl'eaks -•-'. .84-*^
<• ¦j'anflfcatL**: '•'.V •-.".¦•¦K'-.f^ Philatielhh'i,-. .. .-:-. . fc t-72
JaXlis'lf^'j"** • V.' 1 • ->4-74 \\ : a>h":npton- .-.". . S4-<:s |
Ft;-.-i^.i:ii-'.'.:.-w;:fC-.*;*:S'(8w. -v;r-' ..-..:.:-. .1*0-12 ¦
;• X^X:. C^AST^REc'eRrj.-- ¦-.--.; .'
¦-£TATioicsv.-;;-i- v :.5£:'?|'f§- "ft;-. -S
,".."•¦•'¦¦¦•.-: -¦.•::.••'.¦.' V-"''** ¦ C-'C-"'?" n •¦ ...2,
? W J '^Z^i%i ••1 : :':I:/ ¦•¦!•-..;?'
Bijter, ;.i..«;. : .C?""6 .S4 .64"'-NW Clou«y' '.00
r«r»o». : ..;.::i.-.a9:f«2 :78- 50.- SW Clear '- .(^
Ewreka . .-i .'.1. -.:*00-. 08 -«J0 '. C2 ' .SW • Cloudy - .00
IVe«rio-.v.'x, : -.'.-i29y8*--94 '5S • NW CTear' .* .00
E .E."Fara:io\i.3»:(.4 56. 52'. NTV Cnoudy' .'"J
3Ta^rti5 ¦', : «— '-.23..feO ••«» --40- SW * Clear - .«»
: J»ocate::o J ...'.29:ft2- S6 60 " NW Cloudy .00
laieperldfmce -'.29V7S- 80 60. NW Pt.ddy -<>0
*Xos'A.tigt:e.s"-.'.29.8'4 76 54 : S W . Cletfr . *.0<)
fc3it.:.7aini;pa.lfe50.65--70 47 ." W 'Cleat 'JA
;!"Norta-Iiea(J. -.iv30.CS.-. 54" r.2. FW .Cloudy .0>
FlWIiini T' , ~\ ~TI 102.- 74-. SW. Clear - -i00
f"Poltt Ryycs. ..SO.Ol- 59. 4» "W; Cloody *.0(>
; PcrHitctj- -..:::. i»-. 94 -so ea ".pw- cioady .00
¦R*<i;iB'.ufI. «<;.2ft,M -00 €2 SI5 'CJeax -.©0
• Jtoeeb-.ir'a-' ,-.'.:.. 3Q.O2 «2 JM NW in.Cldy .f«
. Haoraaerrtb- ;'."i3.O0' 78 .-R6 8 Claar. ' .fO
nut Late. ";-.'.29".;8 86- C6 E . Ccudy .0<)
Baa Fra'rc"sco-.30.<>4 -60 r.2 ' W Clear" T.
SB. L.'GWspo ". -30.0!) "70 52' TV Clear *",00
i|F*a Dieeo. ..'.E9.90 C\ C« NW Clear .00
fflSM Ttia ' •' -* TT % M' 72 64- W • Pt.CMy .or»
Fpckane' V.>-.V. 29. 72 82.f>« W Cloudy .fjO
JTatooeh \ ..:... So'.OS S4 4V FTC Clwjdy .00
*>Tana'..-29.72 94- rfl \ FVf Pt.*n<iy .r<o
?"Wlna«=.ncca :.'!?.7S R4 C2 5W Cloudy T.
Ten* ; 29.70 102 76 XV Clear . ..<*)
' WE/.THJ^R" .CONDITipXS AND GENERAL
. " - • . . _ FORECAST.
"Tasettled- weather preyai/s over the northern
hsJT of.tla* -Paclflc Elope. .Thu»der storms are
reported at* many points in the mountains.
It la niTJcfi ct>o.ler In Owgoh.and Washington.
f Throughout California temperatures a're abofit
norsua. .- .. • • ¦
eprinkles. of rain are reported at San Fran
cisco. Wlnnemucca asd Boise.- !
Forecast made at Sin Francisco 'for thirty
boure er.din»- midclcht. July 1: ¦ ,
Northern California — Fair PYiday.' warro»"r
except «>:r"g- the coast; light -southerly winds
Inland, -brifek' westerly winds on the .ccast.
Bouthecn Ctiliornla— Fair Friday, with fog
along the ccast in the Biornla*; fresh south
»«t winds.
' Nevada — Fair Friday. ; • : i
Ban Francisco and virfn'.ty— Fair Friday
brtsi{ -westerly winds. '
. . ¦ _ A,G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
/ Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For. the .twentt-four bows ending 5 p ra
12Oth raerlfiaa time. San Francisco. June 30:
C: over-dale S4 60 ....- Clear
«V,iusa M "C3 .... Clear' ."00
Eureka W-M. SW Cloudy .00
HEnfrrrd *5 "S6 Clear ¦ .00
Hsilister ".. -* 60 V Lt. Fog .On
Independence DO CO NW Pt.Cldy 00
KLln« Oty .:......., «4 47 N CleVr • loo
I "^ivf-TTRor* .. ..-. IS 62 .-. .. ci o8r oo
I AY.geieis ........ 76. 54 SV7 clear 00
f aerctd :....'.. 91 47 Clear .00
I Newcastle ...'. 90 CXI SE Clear"";. 00
I Newnam P5 65.... Clear 00
I Palermo W . IS Clear .-00
I rorter»llle ,.93 58 W Clear 00 1
§ fted BioSr. .'.... 90 C2 SE. Cleat '.00
SI 46 CiPar 00
I O.crarr:«jto ..,.-... 78 C3 S Clear 00
I San Dtero C* CO NW Clear 00
f £aa Francisco '..•••. CO 52 W Clear Tf
* Ea» Jose. 70 12 Clear !00
S,SJ"n Ltj'.s Ofclspo 70 52 W - Clear .00
ffianta Maria 71 "66 .... Clear .00
*Fant» Rosa 70 Clear .00
IpStoektcn SO CO C!ear .00
|LTriniow > •¦¦ S7 61 B Clear .Q&
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITION'S.
BL Co!u«« — Grape* in t:oo>i condition; large crop
lfl w;!low«— Wheat turcict oat 7 to 20 busbelg
= 'jci fccre. "jBK^ j
CURRANTS— $4 5O<38 per chest.' •
CHERRIES— In small packages 6O0S5c; in
bulk. 8610c per lb for Black and 6$Sc for
Royal Anne. 1 - * - . ¦ .- . -¦•
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates 60©75c;
baskets. 25©40c: In bulk 2@2%c per lb.
APPLES — $1 91 25 per box for White As
trachan and-60e©$l 15 for— Red . Astrachan;
small Green, 25©35c per basket and 40@30c
per. box, ,' •. . - .¦: ¦¦_ . •. : .¦ Vi y. « .
The fruit market had an easier tone yester
day, as there was very little doing in the ship
ping line and receipts, while rather light, were
more than sufficient for local wants. Green
Bartlett Pears appeared from the river "and
sold at $1 5Og2 per box. About 50 boxes came
In. Apricots, Plums and Prunes In small ship
ping packages were easier, while choice
Peaches and good Apples were reported steady,
with supplies rather lltrht. The canners were
offering ¦ from $20 to $38 per ton for Apricots
as to size and color, but were unable to pro
cure them, as the regular trade - was pur
chasing freely at the quoted rates. Loose
Black Cherries were ' In limited supply and
firm at higher rates, while Royal Anne were
plentiful and lower. - Packed stock of both de
scriptions was very dull owing to the lack of
demand for shipping, and prices ranged lower.
Currants continued to advance and occasional
sales of the large Cherry variety were re
ported at 75c per drawer. Figs continued
abundant and weak and quite a- surplus bad
to be carried over. Melons were In good re
quest at unchanged rates and Citrus and
Tropical fruits had but slight quotable vari
ance. • ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ • .
STRAWBERRIES — $3@5 per. chest for Long
worths and $25?3 60 for -the larger • varieties.
¦ LOGANBERRIES — ?2@2 50 per chest for red
and $2 50@3 for black. . .
BLACKBERRIES— $3#4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES-*.*" 50@6 per chest
' Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr sks . . S.9911 Paper, reams . . 635 j
Wheat, ctls 17.3661 Lime, bbls 644,
Barley ctls 65,401 Pelts, bdls 1O:
Bye ctls 566' Hides. No 501
Tallow, ctls ... 5| Leather, rolls ,. 133;
Beans, sks 168! Straw, tons .... S
Potatoes, sks .. 5,504 Hay. tons 640
Onions, sks ... 450 Shorts, sks 230,
Middlings, sks.. 100 Wool, bales ... ill <
Quicksilver, flks. 40 Hops, bales .... 1C0,
Wine, gals 4S.525
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 8.434J Potatoes, sks .. 1,552
Bran, «ks 1.600: Hops, bales .... 100
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. 15.672[Oats. ctls '540
Wheat, c^ls 4.246|Bran. sks 3.2M j
Grant Powder Co. has declared dividend 67
of 50 cents a share.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 30.
Receipts of Produce.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . July. Sept.
Opening 6 3% 6 4%
Closing 6 3% ti 4't,
'PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening , 21 HO 20 15
Closing 21 75 20 25
Flour —
Opening 27 80 27 65
Closing 27 65 27 65
- St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, June 30. — WOOL— Steady to
firm; medium grades, combing and. clothing,
18©22%c; llffht fine, 16(319c; heavy fine; 12®
15c; tub- washed, 20#3Sc.
Northern Wheat Market.
¦ ¦ - • - .- r s
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June 30.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. (»c; bluestem, 77c; valley. 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 30.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blucstem, 79c: elub, 66c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 30.— Clearings, $682:754; bal
ances, $145,OS1.
. TACOMA, June 30.— Clearings. $308,272; bal
ances, $19. 690.
PORTLAND, June 30. — Clearings, $527,357;
balances. $70,996. >.> y
SPOKANE. June > 30.— Clearings, $348,378;
balances, . $48,856.
PEACHES — Remain unchanged at 7*»:7We
for choice. 7% ©So for extra choiee and*3"^Q
10c for fancy. '> ,-T.T
APRICOTS— Are attracting only small or
ders, but rule steady at 9%@l0c for choice
10'/i«10%c for extra choice and ll@13c for
fancy. ..
PRUNES— It is reported parties on the coast
are withdrawing offerings for future shipment
at tne recent low basis for nrunes, but the
local situation dcw s not show any stimulation
aa a result of the, news and prices remain
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet, demand being light, but attractive
grades were flrn>. Choice are quoted at tJSiJOVic
fancy at 7c. • '
DRIED FRUITS.
CHEESE— Irregular. Official quotations'
Small and largre. S^Oc. Business was done cri
the following basis: State.- full cream, small
white and colored, S"4e&%c; large white and
colored. 7%<"?Sc. . ¦
. EGGS — Firm; Western extras, selected. ISO
18%c; average prime, 17617%e. ._
WHEAT— Receipts. 23.800 bushels; spot
market barely steady;, No. 2 red, nominal ele
vator and $1 Q7 f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 Northern
Duluth $1 00% f. o. b. afloat. Options were
exceed n B ly dull all day. They opened higher
on bullish cables, broke under more favorable
•weather .news and realizing with a final rully
en small estimates for Argentine shipments.
SJ. 0^"* 18 c lower t0 -' c WBher.. July SOM,^
80%c, closed at .vj%c; September, m Vi-ft®
closed at SOF4C; December, Si"ii@35iic,
PETP.OLEUM— Easy.
HIDES— Steady.
¦WOOL — Steady.
_ COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: No.. 7 invoice.
i>4.c; mild, steady; Cordova. 9%@12c. Futures
cloeed net unchanged to an advance of 5
points; sales were reported of 14,500 bags. In
cluding September, C.l5(&tS.20c; December
6.45c; March. tJ.7ORr<".75c: May 6 95c
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady
BUTTER— Firm, with sales of extra cream
ery In the street on the basis of lSUClSiic
Official prices are: Creamery, common'ti
extra 13&lSiie : State dairy, common . to ex
tra. 13<gl7e.
i-^, W » Y ° nK ' June 30 — FLOUR-Recolpts
1?.,WX» barrels; exports. 7DC0 barrels; dull but
New York Groin and Produce.
NEW YORK. June 30. — COTTON — «?nor
closed dull; mMdllnr uplands. loV.e mldrlW
gu f. 1 1.10c; salt*. COS bales Futures opened
quirt;. July. 10.2Sc; August. 10.33c- sTnt-MnMr
9.fi!»c;- October U.Mc; December, b.^; J^nul
ery. ».5.c; March, 9.00c. Futures closed
barely steady; July. l(,.:oc; August 10 °tte-
September. 3.65c: October. !).E0 c - November
9.42c: December. 9.47c; January 9.50c* Feb^
ary. 9.C3c; March. ».Wc *eoru
Nciv York Cotton Market.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 20@21c
for extras and 19c for firsts; dairy 16@lSc;
atore Butter, 13015c; cold-storage, nominal.
CHEESE — 8%®9c for choice mild new and
7fi8c for lower grades; Young Americas.
9%@10%c; Eastern. 12%@14c; Western, ll@12c
per lb. ¦ .
EGGS — Ranch, 20® 2.1c for fair to choice;
store. 16019c; Eastern. 19@20c for firsts and
10Vi©lSc for seconds. >
There was no further advance In Butter yes
terday and most of the trade seemed disposed
to wait and s»o what the others were gotng
to do. Receipts were liberal and stocks were
large. Chtese also remained as- previously
quoted. Fine ranch Epgs were quoted very
firm, but the lower grades continued easy. .
Receipts were. 81,100 lbs Butter. 126S cases
Eggs and 34,400 lbs Cheese
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkevs, Itfil5c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 25®1 50: Goslings, $1 50**
1 7.V. Ducks, $4®4 60 per dozen for old and
$4 60@5 for young; Hens. $4 50@5 50 for
large and $4®4 50 for small: young Roosters.
$7 50#9; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers $5 50a
6 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2(02 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 5001 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Fresh arrival's of Poultry were moderate,
but the market continued very weak, especially
for old and small stock, liberal quantities of
which had been carried over from the pre
ceding day. Largo young Roosters still found
ready' sale at previous prices, but Fryers were
easier, although not quotab'.y lc^-er. No West
ern was received and no more Is expected this
week. . ¦
Poultry and Game.
•WASHINGTON. June 30.— To-day'e state
Condition of- the Treasury.
RI<JE — Common grades of Japanese are %0
%c lower and weak and plentiful at the de
cline. Carolina head Rice is rather firm under
ecarclty. but offerings of other varieties by
mills in the South are heavy, and local deal
ers are buying little, being amply supplied.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star. 2Cc; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eocene.
23c; -Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 16c;
In cases. 22%c; Benzine in bulk. 13c; In cases.
19%c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c; In
case:. 31c
TURPENTINE— 8lc per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. W<9
7»4c per lh; White Lead, 7US"%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Coa
oany quotes a» follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B.95c;
Powdered. 5.S0c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only) 5.60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c;
Gold-n C, 5.10c; "D." Cc; barrels, 10c more;
half -barrels, 25c mere; boxes, 50c more: 5O-lb
bags.' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.20c : boxes. «.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seTenty-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — A resolution has been passed by
the Pacific Coast Lumber Manufacturers' Asso
ciation to reduce the output of the mills one
third of their capacity during the month of
July. .
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quentln.
$5 40; Wool Bage, • 32@C"5c; Fleece Twine,
7©Sc
COAL— ¦Wellington. $9 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Beaver
Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roalyn. $7; O-os
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthractte Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5061.1
per ton in bulk and $13 in sacks; ' Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20uO lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to' brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. i-as. a, $1 10-S 1 12: Lucol. 45o
for boiled and 4:tc for raw; China Nut. cases.
b"2Vi.«S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Cl!. in barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 6.1c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard. Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OiL
63c; light Herring Oil, 42c: dark Herrtng Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish O(l. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. S3c; boiled Paint Otl. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c
General Merchandise.
"Miscellaneous Markets/
KANSAS CITY, June 30.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000; steady: native steers, $4 25«J6 40;
native cows and heifers, $25ij 25: stockers and
feeders. $2 75<&4 75; bulls, $2 50^4 25; calves,
f2 50@4 75: Western steers, $4@5 90; West
ern, cows, $2^4.
HOGS— Receipts. 7000: steady; bulk of eales,
$5®5 15; heavy. $5 10@5 20; packers, $5@3 15;
pipg. *4 50© 5 05.
SHEEP — Receipts. "COO; steady; muttons,
$3 75<6'5; lambs, $4 "r.ijit} 50; range wethere,
$4® 5; twes, $3 50(54 50.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. June 30. — CATTLE^ — Receipts,
2CO0; SfllOc lower: native steers. $4 20<66 20:
cows andl heifers, $3 C3®4 r,5; Western «teefs,
?3 50!g4 75; canners, $1 W)€2 W; stockers and
feeders. $2 r»0®4 20; calves, $-"©5 '*}; bulls and
stEirs. $2 W@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.C00: shade higher; heavy,
$5 05i<i5 17%; mixed, $5 C"@5 10; light, $C@
5 10; pIkk. $4 50©5: bulk of sales. $5 0.V35 10.
SHEi:P — Receipts. .'!50<>: slow, steady: West
ern yearlings. ?4 25iW 75; wethers. $4^4 40;
ewes, $;{ 2J>'J?4: common and stockers, $2 75®
4 25; lambs, " $5 5C<ffti 25.
Omaha.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 21,000; to-morrow,
25.CCC 1 : market steady to- 5c higher; mixed and
butrhers, $5 152.% SO: gocd to choice heavy,
$5 25C0 So; roilch heavy. $5 CS-SS 25: light.
$3 10(fi3 V5; bulk of eales. $3 2C'i§5 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,<XH); market steady:
good to choice wpthers, $4 25S4 90; fair to
choice mixed, $3 25^4 25: Western sheep, $3 75
@4 SO; native lambs. $3 6C@7 10.
CHICAGO. June 30.— CATTLE— Receipts
6500; steady: gocd to prime steers, $5 40^7 C <j5;
poor to medium, $4 3€<f?5 40: stockers and
feeders, ?2 50f?4 35: cows, $1 50^4 BOj heifers,
$2Jj3: canntr?, $1 J0^2 50; bulls, $1 75®-t 25;
calves. $2 50©5 75: Texas fed steers, $.4 CC@
5 10
Chicago.
POTATOES— New White. $2@2 50 per ctl;
Early Rose, $262 50 per ctl: Garnet Chiles.
$1 75«?1 S5 per ctl: old Potatoes. 75c@$l 25
ter ctl.
ONIONS — New Red. S5c«T$l per eack; Sll
versklns. $1 CSiil 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25#2 25 per
sack or crate; Asparagus. 47J7c per lb; Rhu
barb. 3"V5C0c per hex: Garden Peas. 4^4140
per lb: String and Wax Beans. 2% i p:*%e per ib;
Tomatoes in email boxes and crates". $1 25^
1 75: large open boxes. $2 fiO: Summer Squash.
rsS-goCc for small and 75c«iSl for large boxes;
Cabbage, $1 per ctl: .Carrots. $1 per sack: Cu
cumbers 40@50c p*r box for Marysville and
$1©1 25 for bay; Garlic. 3@4e per lb: Kirs
Plant. StfilOc per lb: Dried Peppers, S@10c
for sun-dried and 12%«1.> per lb for evap
orated: Dried Okra. 12%®15c per lb: Green
Okra. 20©23c per lbf Green Peppers, S'S12"*c
per lb for Chile and 12%@15c for Bell.
Receipts of new Potatoes were more liberal
than on the preceding day, but the demand
continued brisk, both for export purposes and
local use, and the market ruled firm at strong
er rates. Early Rose were very scarce, cn'y
a few small lots being received. Onions ruled
firm und«-r continued light receipts and the
quotations fcr Yellow had a narrower range.
Trade In miscrllaneous vegetables wh3
active, but prices, had a downward .tendency
under liberal o.Terir.ss of moet descriptions.
Green Corn continued to sell at a wide ransre.
a larsre portion of the receipts being of poor
quality. The regular trade purchased «nir
ing.y of -Aspararus r.nd the bulk of the* re
ceipts went to the canacrs at 40""»c ptr poun<i.
There were no fixed prices for Rhubarb and
rfurnmcr Squash. Beans and Green Peppers
continued to decline. As was expected. To
matoes were in increased supply and prices
ranped lower. The Mississippi were selling
at $1 50 per crate to arrive and the carload
that was expected was reported close at hand
and due at any time. Lima 3eans from Los
Angeles were offering again and sold at 109
12 %c per pound..
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ CHICAGO. .Tune .TO. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. i:'.\ i 'Hi;%c; dairies. 1201Pc. Eggs
firm. 14#14%c. Cheese, firm. ~Y*qsu, c
CATTLE. SHEEP AXD HOGS. |
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW TORK, 4*«ine SO. — There was a slight
stirrlrg- in til? .sluggish tx^oI of speculation
this ni(r-ring. bat: the day'?, total transactions
tvv** -so- FffiarU. timpared -with any period of
::vlr.£ Interest in.lhe stock market, as to maSe
c«'tnpari-.jns fronv <iay to day quite meanins
<ej=s. ,Thc ccncr^V surface of tMs market was
ha^d- and unyielfiintc and .nave an impression
-jf an" pneiertone:' of confidence, -even though
jjittenipts- to . put vp'rices np. proved futile; At
tprhpts were not'idetermlned 'or important and
the- characf.Viftic of the inarket continued to
be.ti.tal neglect.-' Canadian Pacific was still
at^ortaQ. espeda^y for London account. Some
bepeflt "was- caused to values by an un
o'Ccia! .estimate -6f 'grain conditions of a much
"more; ftrP^fu! ienor than a like unofficial esti
mate i.uLliFhe<l yesterday with suggesttins of
a c'r'rtp "the mor:%y market w.as entirely
u^.ruffipci •t^.- any preparation .{or the July
'settlomer-tk. .sKh.oush a payment on account
of the .Japanese -loan subscripiicns. eHtimated
recall for yver- "f 12,t)00,C0o.- was made to-day
in'addition' to th.e routine disbursements called
fcr at tS,e turn 'of the haK year. ¦ The sub
• treasurj- made A. payment of $1,000,000 on
acrour.t- pf Fh!ltsi>»se -revenve operations and
of fZrlO.WO.cn atcoun't" of Klondike gold de
posited .. at-. Seattle. A transfer from San
Francisco aJso'. fl'srures In the suh-troasury
Cperatir^is. apd that. Institution will begin the
r3.5'n:er.t . pf Government ' interest to-morrow.
Iv<ian expansiorl- by the Bank of Knsland of
$57.475. ?»X» qrd . by .the' Bank of France of
$-'i'.^07,0<X> showed th% demand for credits at
these cepterg for the turn of the half-year.
But •EteVling.'advanced at Paris and the foreign
markets are already anticipating the stimu
- latins effe'Ct' *f dlsbursfments for which these
bf.rrowiSs';' are made. • . •
.The bend market was dull and steady. Total
sales. z»r value. $1,880,000.
United Ftates bonds were unchanged on call.
. " . NEW" YORK STOCK LIST.
Storks- • Sales.- -High. Low. Close.
"A<chiscn .-. a.000 72T« 72*4 • 72*i
I.Atchrson pfd -. .. -l.SOO 94 fC*i Q5\
1 Baltimore & OKJo. 5<j0 "79% 76^, 79%
fBilt & Ohio* 'pfd 91 y»
I Canadian Pacifls... 6,2oO 125H, 124»4 125
I Central of .N "J... • «0<J 161% 1C1 161
! Cfiesapeake. & Ohio 200 31 $0% 31
Chiraea- & Alton.. 200 37% 37*i 37S
Chi &. Alton pfd 77
Chi & Gt West '300 13H -13*4 13%
Chi & 2\ V>:. .*... 169
ChfM A St P.."... 2,000 14.5% 142*4 l*3*«i
Chi M &-St.P pfd 177
Chi Term" & Trans. C%
Chi T & T pfd.... j Id) 15 15 15V4
C C C & St Louis " «a
Colorada Southern : 15%
Colo So let pfd 100 4S% 48% 4sia
Colo Co 2d " pfd 20
Delawaift & Hudson 2,700 15t% IX>% 1S6
Del La'ck & West .-.' 270
Denver & Rio G. 21
Denver. & R G pfd. .." 6gU
Erie fcOO' 2-'% 23S 23%
Erie -1st pfd .... 200 5Sij -08^ 58
Erie Sd pfd 34
Hocking Valley. , tB
Hockingr Val pfd •.". ~9K
Illinole Central 300 132 131% l."«%
Iowa Central •• is
Iowa. Central pfd ;. 33 •
Kansas City So.'... 100 21 H 21 > B 21
Kansas City So pfd 200 42% 42 42 K
I>5uisville & Na.sh. 1.100 110 109>4 10ft*i
Manhattan L 1.S0O .149% 148% 14S%
Met Securttiei" ".. 2.90O "79% 78T» 79-
Met St Ry ,15.300 111' llf 110U
1 Mtxicin Central .. -„.-¦ 7%
Minn &.St Louis '¦ ..'.-. 40
M St P & S Ste M. 300 67 60% C6%
M S P & S S M pfd MK> 124% 124 124
Missouri Pacific 1.C0O 00% 90% 9O>4
Mo Kan & Tex 16H
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 37 * ' 37 S6%{
Nat Kit of Mex pfd -37
New York Central. 300 11511 113 115',i
Norfolk & Western 200 50V» 56"4 56
Norfolk & W pfd 85
Ontario & Western 7.800 26>,i 25% 26%
Pennsylvania 13,900 116«* 115% 115%
Pitt* C € & St I* .... 57%
Reading ...; 3,300 47% 47 47
Reading 1st pfd S2
Reading 2d pfd... 100 67">i ' 67% «7
Hock -Island Co..'.. .100 20% 20% 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 100- 65 «5 64^
StL&£F2dpfd 0 45
6t Lcuis S W 100 10% 10% 11
St Louis' S W pfd. 27%
Southern Pacific... 7,J<00 47% . 46% 4tJ%
Eouthern Railway.. J00 21 21 21
Southern Ry pfd 95
Texas * PaclSc 3">
Toledd St L ti W.. 100 24%. 24% '24
T St L Sc W pfdl. .". ..;. 5o«4
Union Pacific 5,400 88% .£8% "SSU
Union Pacific prd.. 100 92% 02% 92%
Wabash ' ......".... isit
Wabash pfd .. 34'
Wheeling &. L E * .... 15
Wlscc«i«!n. Central.- 100 16% 16% 16%
Wisconsin Cen pfd 37%
Express Comoanles — ¦ . -•
Adams ...- "...J 225
Arterican .... 135
United States .... 104
*t\>Us-Fargo '200'
Mi^feilaneous— V
i Ama'ram Copper... 1,300 50; . 49« '49%
I Am .Cat & Found..'. 400 36% 16% 16
Am Car t F pfd.. -.... ..?. ... 7?^
Am Cotton OH .... ..." .... 26
Am Cot OiJ pfd .-' .... ¦ a« •'
Am Ice ...", «!§i
Am Ice pfd ...... 100 2fl«4. 269» 2c4
Am Linseed Oil ; ..?.-..?. n«
Am Lin OM pti ... .\.^ 24%
Am Locomotive .. 100 l<"«i is*i •¦ 18%
An. Locomo pfd..'. 200 ' f<2 82' 81^
: Am Smelt &. Ref... 3,100 .53= 54%. 61t2
Am Bmelt &¦ R pfd - '1,200 O7V4 »«% U7
An Sugar Ilef ...- 300 127% . 127 127
Anaconda Min Co.". , 400 72 - 70% 70
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 10.700 49% 48% ' 4ST4
Ojlo . Feel Jt . Iron t '30
Cosso; ida Ted Gas..." 1,000 195*; 194% -194%.
,Cern Products .... .^r- .... - lOH
Ne&t-Yotk Stock Market
noon, .hut subsequently fell b&clc. Oph-r.
which closed oq Wednesday at $3 06. sot 1 u.>
to $3 23 at noon, but fell back, to PM *t'.
the ckwe, the course of the otb*r'stoeka b«tus
Irregular. But th« lively \ime»' wer« on tl)*'
Tonopah Exchange, wher* the sales wer* Very
heavy, and at steady to firm Quotations, a»>
wi'l be seen. . ..- ¦/: .-
The mininr stock boards and t>* -Otl Ex'"
change .will hold no mor« sessions until .Taci
day. the Oth." The Stock ami Bond Exchapg*
will adjourn this afternoon to -Tue^fay.. "
Sales on the Callforni* Exchange thla week
wi?re 4730' shares, valued at $3t8fl. thiv lead-
Ing sales being: Independence. 2000. .shares - k
Occidental, 1500; Clareraont, 700;. Sterling, 500.
The Ophir Mining Company baa .declared .a.
dividend of -S5c. amounting to $23,200.
The Exchequer .Mining Company -baa l»Vled
an assessment. of 6c. *. -"•••.
The -Merchants' Exchange Bank of San Pran
ciaco (in liquidation) l» now disbursing a divi
dend. of. $3 pfcr share, amounting "to $39.61S;
This makes a total .of $110 per share returned .
to the stockholders since the liquidation of th:»
bdnk commenced. The .Sierra Lumber Com
pany, one of. the assets of the- bank. 'Is no>«f
paying a flividend of . 50 cent* -per share.- .
amountinK to S-U. '430. . •
The Oakland' Bank of Savings has declared'
a semi-annual dividend to stockholders thu
rate of 7 per cent per annum, an Increase of
I per cent aver the' previous rate. /
The Giant Powder Company Consolidated
has declared a regular monthly • dividend of 5t> .
cents per share, payable July II. . •
The Horn Silver Mininr Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 6 cents per share yesterr
day. . • • . •
Th«" San Franetsco Gar and Electric Com
pany paid a, regular quarterly dividend of $1 25
per share, amounting to $198,103. yesterday.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
.THURSDAY. June 30— 2" p. in.
' UNITED STATES BONDS. • '
Bid. Ask. ¦ ' Bid; -Ask.
4s qr Coup.. 107 107*4 *s qr cp new.l;^\13;:',
4s qr reg. . .lOC^lOti*., 3s qr c<Jun...lO6 106^n
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS./
Ala A.W 5s. 101 — |Oak T Co 6s.ll9»i —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s 112^ —
Cal C G 5s. — 104W Do con 5s. 102^,
Cal G & F. k (Oceanic S 5s. — 75 *
m & ct.5s. 84»i S3 lOm Cable. 6s. — 125,
Cal-st C 5s. — US IPae O Im 4s. .92^ 9«
C C Wat' 5s. — 101 fF E By 5s.l04\105Vs
EdL& P tte.154 — |P & C H 6».1O5 -*
F & C H 68.114*3 — IP & O R 6a. — US
Geary-st 5m.. — 80 |.Powell-st 6«. 114
II C4S 5%s.lOO — I Sac EGARSa. 9fl OS *
Do 5a 9SV4 — ISF & S"JV5s.ll6% — •
Hon R T «s.lO5 — Sierra R «s...— 11»
L A Elec 5s. —.105 IS P of A Os
L A Ry Ss.llSH — (190B) 100 —
L A L Co 6s - — (1910) lp©t, —
Do g'td 6s. — — S P of C «s '
Do gtd 5s.I02% — (1905)Sr X.lte\lO3
LAP lem 5.S.101 • — (19O5)Sr B.XfXIW — ,
Mkt-st C «s.lK!?4 — a90«> 105 r —
Do lem .V.I 14U — O912)' 115H —
MVA MtTSs.101H — SPq 1 eg .5s.H0 — .
NRR of C6s.lO7% — | Do •«npd.:fO8 — •
Do'Ss Il«mi7 S P B R fls. — 134-
N P C R Ss-lOaH — |S V Wat «s.lO5' '— *
N C Ry 5o. — ' 112 » Do \i 2*n. 9» 9!>\f
N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 3dm. — 9S\
N S R R S». — 101 I Do r mtg4s.97H —
O G LAH 5^.107 — |St*n GAE«a. — ,101 ij
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I U G A E 5s. — W
>¦*::*. WATER STOCKS. •. . . T.
Contra Cost* 35 3S |Poft Costa... — — •
•Mazin Co... — -«0 IS V Wat Co. 33 38*1
GAS AND ELECTRIC. • :
C*-nt L * P. 3X« — : S P O * E. SS^'CO
Mutual E L. I24 13 Stkn G Sc E. i\ — '
Pac L Co... 57fc — U.G tECoi^--"'
¦;'.J^t' INSURANCE. ... .5
Flrem's Fnd.310 — -I
•'. BANK' STOCKS. • .
Am Ntl Bk..l27H — ' I L P & A....'— 153
Anglo-Cal .. «3«* *6HlMer Trust.. .,2flS —
Bank of Cal.425 — (Merch Ex....' 50 —
Cal Safe Dp, — 150 S F Nation^. — . — ,
First Natlonl— — I , • * •" •
SAVINGS BANKS. * . ¦ -
Ger S& L.22S0 2350 ISar A L So.'— 100
Hum S & J.. — — |S»c Sav Bk.: — 450. *
Mutual Sav.lOO. — I Union T Ct>. . — —
S F.Sav V.tHO — I ; „ • . '- -
STREET RAILROADS. • ."
California ..lSM^SOO ] Presidio ....#— — •
Geary 10. — . ! ,'¦¦ ¦¦-
POWDER.' ~'V*''~^
Giant BOV, 61 I Vigorlt — %*'
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — -20c i Kllauea 3 C. ~— 4
Hawaiian .C. 51 — Mahawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 114 12 ICnomea S C: 24 27-4
Hutch S P. C 8 8^1 Paauhau S C: V»i —
MISCELLANEOUS. v .
Alaska P A.137%1.^ 1 Oceanic S Co.' 4t; t*L
Cal F C A. 93 . 0941 Pac Am J*A. 5 —
Cal Wine A. — 90H(Pac C'Bon.lM 159
JIVi UtTm.100 — I
Morning. Session.
." ¦ - Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 137 09
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 137 7.1
. S Alaska Packers' Association... 138 <-0
5 Alaska Packers' Association ... 138 25 •
50 Hawaiian Com! * Sugar iU 25
5O Spring Valley Water Co. cash.'. 3* CO
$4,000 Los Ane»>3 Ry "5 per cent... '.112 7S
$5,00t> Pacific Gas Imp 4 per cent 92 23
$4,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 10S 25
Attfrnoon Session. • " •
Board-7-
S Alaska Packers' Association... IM 00
10 Makawell 21 87»4
$3,000 Pacific Eleetrtc Ry 5 p«r c«nt.lOi 00
" Unlisted Securities. \ •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.} Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — '99 iff P C R 4s. ,— 10O
B L Wat 6s. — 117 1 S -P Co 4Hs.lOO —
Cal NW 5».. — 112\t|Son Tel 6s.. 113 —
M C Wat Ss.100 — I Do 5a — 104^4
Rl» I WksSs. — 107HISuttr-«t R5»105 113
.SF Drdk 5«. — 113^ UR of SF 4a. 79% SOU
SF& NP5s. — 111% I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 |Mat NaT Co. — 90*
Amer Bis Co — 90 | Nev Nat Bk.130 —
Cal Cot Mils — 88 IN S R R Co. 9*4 —
Cal GAECor. 48 59 |» C»l P Co. - 10*4
Cat Powder.. 125 145 IO«rtc JJk SaT.l^O _
Cal Bhlp Co. 21 . 27 lOak T Con-. 75 —
Cal T I & T.U3 — HOOF Hal! A 8 —
" Cen Bk. Oak — 65 . Orpheum Co. — IS
Chutes Co .. «% 7HiP»cC Ca* Corl25 — * "
City A C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 |Pac Sur Co. TO^llO
.East Dynm.. — 250 jParaf Paint.. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 IS F Drydock.,60 —
Do com .. — 50 5FA3J Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J TTat Co. -r- 10«^
Fischer Thtr — SOc SO A MTrbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — " Swiss- A Bk-.119 — ; !
•Gas Con A., -r- 22 Truck Elect. 11 13
Honb P Co.. — n% UR InC pfd. 4S^ _
LonA SP Bk — 60 I Do com ..." »% —
Morning Session. .
Street —
$4,000 United R R of S. F 4 per cent. . 80 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— " . Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4« 48
Associated Trnst Certificates. IT ' 19
Aztec ...... ................ .... 01
Caribou .'-...........'...' 3 6O .......
Chicago Crude,.;.. .......... .... . 20
There was no further variation In prices
and conditions remained as beforr- stated.
DRESSED MEAT.
Wholesale rates from'^laughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 0VWj7c for Steers and 53Cc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@8c; small. 829 Vic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S®SVac; Ewes. 7@7&c
per lb.
LAMB— OS 10c p«r lb.
PORK— Dresstd Hcgs. 6H@S*4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock; delivered in San Francisco, less 50
ptr ct=nt shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%tQ7fte; Cows and Halt
ers. «»--.iftTc: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb,
CALVES — JSMijc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^&:;»ic: Ewes. 3©3i-;o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 5O>j2 75 per head. ***•
1IOCS— Live Hoss. 140 to 2fi0 lbs. 4%c:
CCO to "50 lbs. 4*ic; 130 Ib« and under. 4»tc;
ove'r 250 lb«, 414c: soft Hogs, nominal;' Sows.
20 pe: cem oil: Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
The market is still Inactive and featureless
at unchanged quotations.
BEANS— Bayon. $2 40^2 55: Pea. $2 9C©3;
Butters. $3; small White. $2 850?:? 10; large
Whit*. $2 35@2 CO; Pink. $3 40@3 CO: Red.
$4 2504 50: Lima. S3 .".(WrS 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75(g5r Blackeye $2 05@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans $2S'- 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25«4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 f.n«j:.': : Flax. $1 75fi|2: Canary.
5H<tS%c for Eastern: Alfalfa 14»i@16c: Rape
2^2Hc: Timothy, C@6^e; Hemp. 3V-@4c per
lb: Millet. 3@3^c: Broom Corn Seed. $20®Jl
per ton.
DRIED P^AS— Dlackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles
$325: Green" Peas. $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
NEVi' yonK....June 3<>.-^Close: Money on
"ca : .t— Very easy "«x lVi@lU per cent; closing
bid. -1\» feV cent r.' offered at lVi P^r cent.
Time mdney— Ea»y. and ninety days,
2 ptr pent^ six mvnths, t]& p*r cent.
•Pr!m*"-riiercantHe paper — S»*i«i4 per Cont.
HterliVg' tiohanfce — Steady, with actual busi
ness in "banters' tills, at $>>710#4.b7l0 for de
msnil axid 'at $4-s^-.Vfor sixty tlays.
- I^ost^d rates — J.I S6S4 8*>: .
. Commercial bf!!s— $4 84';2<§4 S5..
.".Bar 8ilver-r- l >t>-'\i.c. •¦
Mexicaft' dnlU'ij.— iCc. " .. '
Bt-rAls — Gorernmasta, steady; railroads, firm.
Kerb York Mon'ev Market.
CHICAGO, June 30.— Cash quotations were
as 1 follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, Wfi'J7e: No. 3. t>off?05c; No: 2 red
O«c57Jl: No. 2 corn. 47 We: No 2 yellow, 4S : Ji«^
if>4c; No. 2 oats, :K)*;«r|N40c: No. 3 white. 38%
<H41c: No. 2 rye. (VJ^c; 'i?ood feeding barley.
,"tOSi:;,V; fair to choice malting, 425>ri2e; No. 1
floxseed. ?1 01; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 07;
prime timcthy seed, $2 9214; mess pork, per
barrel. $12 70012 75; lard, per 100 Ib9, $6 92&®
G pS: fbort nb« >=i(!e? (lo^t#>; *7 l2^r*i .*:
Rhorf clear, fides (boxed). S7 25<S7 50; whisky,
basis cf hteh wines, $1 2S; clover contract
grade. $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31,000 19,300
Wheat, bushfls 7,700' 1!»J*CO
Corn, b'jFhels 161,800 242.S0O
Oats, bushels 117.f«>0 122.2^0
Rye. bushels S.300 C.400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
EASTERN 31 AEKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls arid brands Bell
about "'j^ilc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9\&c; medium. 8V4c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip Oc; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16c: dry Kip 13c: dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<@30c each;
short Wool. 40<§65c each; medium, 7C®9Oc: long
Wool. $1-01 50; Horee Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $23rj2 50 for medium. $1 25@1'75 for
small and 5Cc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. « Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 30c; dry Salted Mexican 25c; dry
Central American. 3C@32^c Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. :V>C; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4U@4^c per lb;
N-i. 2 3U»fT:4c: grease. 2Vi©3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10iJ?12c; do 7 mpnths" Ofnic per lb;
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12gl5c
foe defective; Northern. 16@lSc for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada. 13@16c. accord
ing to condition. * ,
HOPS— Nominal at 25@27^c per lb for Cali
fornia. 19f>3. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 171i©20c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
: -Hanford— G*aln doing nfcely; fruit excellent;
grape" prcfypcrts . good.
Hollister— Fugiir beets doing w«ll. but small
R--i • .':Ci. -)=e*«.J».-d. .
' lUversldc — Apricots drying ten days later
than uy-jJOI'
StorKtoh— Fhir i n5' i nt of first crop figs going
fat^Ma*: quality g&od. ,
L'i\rr:f.f-rp— Hs.r-vesters and threshers run
jjirg-on .barley. /- : *-^. " i: '*•* s ->\ '. •¦ f-*«
• fSanta, -Maria— I>arr>y. thrpshlrn? averaying 10
to 15 sarki per a^-e; lair quality; oats lighter.
CklreMale — Df^s . srettlng warmer; early
rt-ar^.« rtj5ewla»-ioleel>r. -
•Newfi-.an— fiaryf'st D^arinB close.
•Fafiia K*^ — Cr->p' conditions unchanged.
Palti'iAt— Late .apricots har\eating; crops
abo«t a failure. '¦'. •
. Satn '.fa?e-»-Euror>*an shipment of «auon
vUle apples estiiri.'ted at 5CjO"cars.
. •• :" -.- - A-. G. • McADIE.
Bran Is coming In from the north again and
4850 sacks came in yesterday, making 11,524
sacks in two days. The market needs sup>
piles, however, and therefore continues steady.
There to no further change in Hay. Buyers
n»» holding oft vntil after the Fourth. The
Weather Itureau reports that the Oregon crop
is turning cut deficient in many places.
BRAN— $22^23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24^29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22® 23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $22 50@23
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $-10 5<i@31 50;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22^23: Corn
Meal. $32@a3: Cracked Corn. $32 5O-S&1 50;
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. $30@40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Old crop— Wheat. $10&14 .10: Wh°at
and Oat. $11^13; Oat. $9@12: Wild Oat, $S@
11; Barley and Oat, $9©U: Stock. $7«S; Al
falfa. $74|iO. New crop— Volunteer Wild Oat.
$709 per ton: Wheat. $9<S12 50; Wheat and
Oat. $9011 50; Oat, $9®10 50; Clover. .$6 5OJJ
8 50; Aifalfa. $6@8 per ton.
STRAW— eO®S0c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. &%e; three
half barrels. S&e: one tierce, S*sc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13 %c for extra light and ltfc for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13V£c;. Cali
fornia Hams, 12&c; Mevs Beef, *10<9
10 5O per bbl; extra- Mess. $11311 50; Family.
$ 12ft 12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra,
clear, $21; Mess $17 50; Dry Salted Pork, 9>4c;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs" Feet. $5; Smoked Be«£,
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at &g6tic per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
!H,c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. »T s c; 3-Ib tins.
10c. "
There Is nothing whatever new to report In
this market, trade being quiet and of a mid
summer character.
Proznsions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60^
4 00 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50#4 80;
Oreg'on and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85^4 25
per bbl.
MILL6TUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 00; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50;. Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour $4 50@4 75: Cracked Wheat. *4;
Farina. $4 BO; Whole Wheat ; Flour. $3 75;
Rolled OaU. bbls (7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 759
8 10: Pearl Barley, «C; Split Peas, boxes, |7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
All quotations remain unchanged and the
situation Is as before stated, both here and in
the East.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots 7®
8%c; Peaches, 5%@6*ic per lb.- Old crop —
Evaporated Apples, 5#7c: sun-dried, 3Q4U,c
PRUNES— 10C3 crop. 2^2 Me for the four
sizes. ¦•->*••-;
• RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60- lb boits — Loose Muscatels. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4Kc; 2-crowm. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown, 3*4c; Thompson's
Eeedless. 4c: seedless 'Sultanas. 3ijc: seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do Soated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. KV»c:
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; In
bulk, fancy. 5\4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehe^a. $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layers. 3-crown $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%©14c:
No. 2 im@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13©13%c:
No. 2. ll'all'ic: Almonds. HHc for Nonpa
rlels. 11 %c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 '*ic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. *4 50S5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12%c for white and
lOglle for amber; water white extracted. 6^
6c; light amber extracted. 4%Q5c; dark.
BEESWAX— 27829c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts r ,Raisms,Honcy.
y&^imcitkiK-tn local slock. exchanges. " . .^ v 
']^'t^'0ohk^ica/itt^S- gain somczvhal in. June.
iVJ$'si&cr Stocks' firmontJic day. ¦ . .-"¦ .
: 'Ap'rj.% 'v'p. .Si.262.9 iqYri Gpl&Yen jyam Japan.- ;\
'£:jrtfej3iiWJiciii h;?p:..shGzting v^rhcd}d<ifnorcJ[oh.- ;
,- -, <Cvrn q'f".tT;Ryc as prrl'ioii sly qzrp-tcd. .• - . r~-~'si:
'¦:'.': . --:'
Mc'n^;^:^aufc^ts:Hdy.did\oak^^ favorable in Oregon.
'fi/^iskeild&csjJ^stfil indctive'aud unch'difgcd. . •• .
'•sti'pfjyy \citti the market no. higher.
$JM ; :&i^.$twakHH>e\ laivcr.fjq'd'cs.'slMv-and easy.
[£t^/i&sji}u:Iiatigcd;at-cn poirrts. • ." .
'j^&dyjrxitit-s' quiet "both '.hare and in the East ;¦
.iu.lorger receipt ;' but 'still higher.
Mfiirtix.'fin'ti. iin$er ¦ 'continued lighi arrivals*
Ij^jfrx-yrarket.s'til} a[\dt and iceck- ...
StM^s})Sfyfrcsh.Fru:ii in of the ¦demand,
in July.
Mi^^mb^er.su.fp]y and zeeak. '-..".' .
CHICAGO. June 30. — More favorable har
vesting weather in the Southwest took the edge
of! the wheat market at the start. Notwith
standing- an Improved tone in foreign grain
markets, sentiment in the pit here was quite
bearish. The opening on September was a
shade lower to V»e higher at Sl}i@81!ie to
81%c. In the absence of outside ep«culative
Interest, local traders sold freely and at one
time it looked as If a bad break would fol
low. The principal feature of trading was
th$ ifiVJidstion of July holdings and the chang.
ing from July to distant deliveries. There
was also considerable Belling of September on
the improved weather conditions in the South
west, liefore the decline was checked Septem
ber went off to 80%c. During the latter part
of the session a decided reaction developed.
Bullieh advices regarding the spring wheat crop
were received from the Northwest, | the report*
statins: that abnormally cool weather was
preatly retarding the growth of the plant.
These rumors were accompanied by enough buy
ing orders to occasion a good rally, especially
in the more distant delivery. The market was
further etrenrthencd ¦ within the last few min
utes of trailing by reports of rain in Kansas.
September closed at 81V4@Sl%c.
Liquidation of July holdings was the fea
ture of trading In the corn pit. : September
opened a shade lower to a shade higher at
4S%c to 4S%c, sold between 48?»®lS%c and
4$%c and closed at 4S%c.
.The oats market felt the effects of the easier
tone of- corn, prices of all deliveries showing
slight losses. September opened a shade higher
at :i2%c. sold between 31%@32c and 32^®>3^V4c
and closed at 32c.
In spite of considerable liquidation, the pro
visions market ruled firm and finished the day
with fair advances for all products. The chief
feature was buying of lard and ribs by com
mission houses, supposed to be for the account
of local packers. Higher prices at the yards
were a supporting influence. At the clcse Sep
tember pork was 2Cc higher; lard showed a
gain of "^itftlOc and ribs were up 12Vic.
Th» leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Ju4y (old) 86>4 S6<* o5Vi 8614
July (new) 85% 85% 84 % * 85?»
Sept (old) 82?i 83 '82V* 83
Sept (new) S1U 81% 80% 81?,
Corn No. 2 —
June , 47H
July 47^ 47% 47H 47H
September 48% 48% 48% 4S^i
Oats No. 2—
June ..". 40>£ 40^ 30% 39H
July 3SU 3SU 37»i 37?,
"September 32'4 32H 31H 32
December 32% 32% 32% 32%
Mcrs Pork, per bbl —
July 12 00 12. 72% 12 52^ 12 70
6eptcmber 12 87^ 13 05- 12 82^ 13 02^
Lard, p^r 100 lbs —
July 6 .S7^4 6 07»i 6 R2V4 6 95
September 7u"U 7 15 7 05 7 15
Short Kibs, per 100 lb»— *
July 7 22 M. 7 32*4 7 32'^ 7 30
September ..... 7 55 7 (S2Va *7 52% 7 62%
Future Grain and Provisions.
Com Products pf d 66
Distillers* Securit.. • 100. 22% 22% T2%
General Electric .. COO 157 155?; 150
internet Paper ... 000 11% ll« 11%
Ir.terr.at Paper pfd. COO €9% ts3>4 «50y k
Internat Pump ... 100 30% 30% 30%'
Internal Pump pfd 72%
National Lead 100 10% 10% 10% '
No'.lh American .. 100 80 ' S6 85%:'
Fa.lfic Mail S00 27 28 2!l% I
TVop'e's Gas ...... 100 OS 93 07« I
Pressed Steel Car 20%
Pressed S Car pfd. 70«
Pullman Pal, Car.. 500,218 21S 217' ;
Republk Steel t'V»l
Re-ntUo Steel pfd. 200 41 41 40% |
Rubber Goods -. . 15%'
Rubber Goods pfd. nil I
T^nn Coal & Icon. 300 33% 35 M% I
U .S Leather 300 G% ' «>% C*i j
U S Leather pfd.. 1<<O SO ' S) "J n i i
U S Realty 300 5% b% 5% I
U S Realty prd ..'."' '200 59 60 58%!
U S Rubber , lCVi I
, U S Rubber p/d... 200 65"; -tioT-i CSfi 1
U S Steel 1.700 9% «l^ 0 \ '
U S Steel pfd 3.300 55% 55% 5$% *
Weslinshse Elect.. 600 157 153 IM t
Western . Union / 100 8{$" 8 8t>Ts ' S6"fi j
Total sale* 135.9C0
EXITED- RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
SEW YORK, June 30. — No bond transac- !
tions to-di-y. .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4. asked 4%; preferred, bid
3S%. asked 20^i.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s rtg. .lOl?;, l & N unified 4s.lO2
Do coupon 105V* 1 Man con gold 4s. 105 ¦
Do Ss res l<-5»«|iicx Central 4s... «H% i
Do coupon Hii Uo 1st inc 13*,
Do new 4s refM32>«! Minn & St L 4e. W \
. P° coupon 1^'SIM. K & Tex 4s....0S% !
L»o old 4s regr.ltiOUi Do 2d» 78
I l V coupon 107% XH of Mex con 4s 77Wf
Atch e-n 4s 102% N y C gren 3iis..lC0%
Do adj 4s mS|N J C gen 5s..:. 131%
Atlantic C L 4s. ;i7 v |.\ur Pac 4i 104% .
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO2-fe| p o Us ui. .
Do 3%s 9S%|Ncr & W con 4b.100%
Central of Ga 5s.ih>-- # |osl is & partie. 97k
Do 1st inc 74i,|i'a conv 3%s 0<j% i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO3a s ! Kradins gen 4s.. .101 :
0 " 3l ' is - WHIPL & I M con 5s.l?5s; :
f 3r. new 7 s " 2 % « a I' & S F fg 4s. 8-1
£-} P Louis S\V lsts. 94%
9. SVr con ' sl - ST il^'aooar.J A L 4s. 6f>
C R I & Pac 43. 19 iso Pa-iflc 4 3 .... «*U
Do col Ps '. 79's So Hallway .*is 117%'
Chi Term 4s 76 IT St L & W 4s 71
Cons Tobacco 4s. SS| Union Pacific 4s.. 103%
Goto & So Is.... ?T-<\ do conv 4s 99*4
C F & I con 5s. G&%|y 6 Steel 2d 5s.. 754!
Wen & R;a G 4s. 101%! Wabash lsts H7U"
Lrie prior lien 4s.l00>il Do.leb B 57
_ D .°. ?"> 4s S8 \V & L Krie 4s. 91»,4
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con ; lo! Little Chief 05
Allc * 25iOr.tario 3 on
re « cft - lOjOphlr 2 90
Bruns Con 04; Phoenix 2t
Com Tunnel ..:. 07 ; Potosi ..'. . "" lfl
Con Cal & Va... 1 OSTSavage " 1R
horn Silver ..... 1 5&<&errn Nevkd'a." .".*.'• s!j
iron Silvw ...".. 1 ~.y Small Hopes 15
Leadvilie Con ... 02 1 ?tanrlar.J 2 00 j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |rj s steel . n«
Call loans 1 ©3| Do pfd 55%
Time loans 1%©4I Westing Common.- 77
Bor.ds— I Minlnt;—
; Atrhison 4s 1«1S: Adventure" 1 I
! Do adj is . 03 j AHouez 7t;'
i Jlex Central 4s... t52%;Amal Copper " 40U
i Kailrtrfids— Uratr Zinc ..'.'." '(,£,
I Atchison 73%; Atlantic 7 v
' Oq pf>l «... SftHtninghaxn ' "iv.
r.oston.& Albany. 2^''i<r=iiumet & Hpcla'4^'.
Hoston & Maine. irr, I Centennial ...«o '
?S?»S';«.v::!SS!c',Tw.- n .r« I SS
! Pera Marquette... 77 Grancy 4 * .
tnlon Pacific 8S»4U*U Rovale i ¦" 7^ ;
MiFcellaneouE— |M.^, Mining . ." ." ." •»»• ¦
Amer Ar*e Chera. 13%i Michigan .. -a' •
. Do r ff! ".J iMobawk .. in- '.' '
Amer P neu Tubg 4%tMo« Coal & Coke nv '¦'
Amer SugJir ....127 |bl4 Dominion M
Amrr Tol & T"\.17SM i '- Parrot "-
Arr.er Woolen ... lON^Qwtncy Vo
w Kwt mum.. .24-t f-k.nit^. ::::•••• °,v ;
Oon Electric ....I.-O%|TT R Mining A*i/
Do £r MC ' ' " " - ! ** R OiI " • " " •'¦'¦'¦'¦'¦'**]
T- a f ,° T d s ••••••• "%£\
I nitM Fruit ....in? MVinona.... i,i !
Ln Shrx? Mach... -«r»U! V.olver'"e A
Do pfd .. v 29K! • '" i
London Closing Stocks.
BilPSiiil
M a ,n. S Uv f^ Flrm - - 61 -i<l per ounce. - !
Money— 1^2 per cent.
whSn bins iM'u^V 71 the opcn market for
SSJhS' bli". -2gnf p'e'r c^nt" 111 a " d three j
SUMMARY. OF \THE- MARKETS.
Chicago Board of Trade.
£11 Ss Od. Locally lead was steady and un
changed at $4 25©4 35. .
Spelter was unchanged at £22 in London
and at $4 S5@4 90 in . the local " market.
Iron closed at 51s 3d in . Glasgow and at
42s 4%d In Middlesboro. .Locally the market
If quiet. No.:.l foundry Northern, is quoted at
$14 50@15; No. 2 foundry Northern. $13 73©
14 23; No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 2 foun
dry Southern soft, $13 25@13 75.
1 Pig iron warrants are weak. at 9c #
crop prospects, as compared with last year,
and Paris and Liverpool futures are higher.
There.^ was nothing new at Chicago yester
day, "and this market was also stationary at
previous pr'ces. •;<:-¦*
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27% ©I 32%: California
White Australian, $1 52%@1 57%: Northern
Club $1 3001 35; Northern" Bluestem. $150
©1 55 per ctl.
17T*TT*OPO r
\ ¦ \ r u 1 L"XtH.O»
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 27-% $1 28. $1 27»; $1 28
• 2 p. ra. Session. •
December— $1 2$. i'i*"-
BARLEY — Trading in the ring was very dull.
The cash grain was still firmer, with sales
to arrive to-day at $1 01*4- *
CASH BARLEY. .
Feed. $1 01%@l 02% for old and 07%C-""
|1 01*4 for new; old Brewing. $1 05@l 10;
Chevalier, $1 02 %@1 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
'j Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
December — 93%c. P;~~-~>*--\
2 p. m. . Session.. _ ,
December— 93 =4 c.
OATS — Offerings were larger yesterday, bttt
the market was quiet and unchanged.' Buyers
are purchasing only from hand to mouth.
Old crop— White $1 3091 35; Black. $1 IS®
1 20; P.ed. $1 20@l 25. New crop— Red. $1 18
@1 20: Gray. $1 S2%<81 37% per ctl.
CORN — Receipts from the West have sudden
ly fallen off, none baving come In for several
days. The market is quiet and unchanged.
Western sacked, $1 4u@l 47% for Yellow,
$1 45@1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small
round do. $1 50@l 80 : White, $1 45<31 60 per
ctl: Egyptian. $1 30<31 35 for White and
$1 2561 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30® 1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
PEARS— 50@75c per box for small- green va
rieties. . ¦ '
PEACHES— 5C@75c per box or basket; large
open boxes. Slfil 23.
PLUMS — G(X?75c per box. crate or basket;
Tragedy Prunes," 75c per crate or basket.
FIGS — 35©50c for single-layer and 60®75c
for double -layer boxes; large boxes from th*
river, |1 50.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 50©2 50 per crate;
Watermelons,. l%c per lb.^ * -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. *1 25@3
per box. as to size and quality ; Valencia*.
$1 50©2 50: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 60$ 2;
Lemons, $2 5O@2 75 for fancy. $1 50@l 75 for
choice and $181 25 for 'standard; Gcape Fruit.
tl 50@2 50; Mexican Limes, &Qi 5O per Case;
Bananas, Vl'ti'-i per bineh for Central American
and $1@2 for -Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 509
2 50 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1904.
Continued on Fuse Fourteen.
Bi^.8!X3®is®ffib3aBm*dBBSUuammA
NEW YORK. June 30.— Tin showed flrjnnesa
to-day, .with London closing at £117 10s for
both cpot and futures, while local prices were
raised to f25 7C«T2«. .
Copj-er wa« unchanged m London at £56 !.>¦
Cd and £56 11» 3d for *pot and futures re
spectively. . Locally copper wa> quiet. Lake
$12 67V»<912 72%; electrolytic, ?12 50(312 <2% .
and casting, $12 12'4^12 25. -"-•" ~
Lead was a little lower In London, cloetns at
Nezv York Metal Market.
Ccmstock shares, led by Opnir, advanced about
There was more change in stocks yesterday
thar. for some little time. On the' Stock and
Bond ' Exchange Alaska Packers' was . higher
at $1376138 25. while Makawell Sugar w*a
firm at $21 87%.'. Trading, however, waa Itgh?
all day. On the Oil Exchange Sterling was
higher, at |2 SOfKJ and Peerless at $14. 23. Th«
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£* Of ... S^
75 HORSES AND MARES-75
AT THE JEMPORILT4 SALES TARD. 220 "«X-
LENCIA ST.. between Thirteenth and. »\
« . -.w_T ou "'* nt^ » l u A - M - *
SATURDAY; JULY 2, 1904.
By order of CaL Pine Box Co. I win Mil 73
horses and mares ranfcin* In weight from 1200
to UOO pounds; J to S years old. All" good
workers. This .stock was used s.t one of their
camps la Bhanta County, whicB baa stacs> Z
court down. Stock can be seen at yard any
time from now until date of 'sale.
For further particulars inquire «,t CaL -Pln«
Box Co.. Riatto bulldln? or of •
.". JOHN. J. DOTLE. Auctioneer. - -" '
. * Office* 321. Slxtli. st.
" j .
One. Hundfecf aeil Twenty-Fire !
;| Horses for Sale I •' •
By *rde"r of Wm. Juell of Rocklto, CSlt ¦-' ¦¦;?&
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 125 Ijorse*. "
This consignment comrtsts of a cbotcV lot of
yourtff geldings and maren. broken and ua-
broken, weighing from 10OO to 14OO pound*.
'Sale takes placa on
Wednesday, July-6.--at.il a." m. .
At J. B. HORAN'S SALE TARD3. conwt
TENTH AND BRYANT STR
¦ Horses can be seen at yards, at any tin*
¦previous to sale. ¦ ..
S. WATKIN3. Aactlooaer. •
feo . fe ' • . •'^¦
Just Arrived. :
30 FINE DRIVING and "WAGON HORSES, alt •
WELL BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED"
TEAMS A.ND BLACK SADDLE HQRSE&. .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGbT*
24d Third st.. Near Fo'som. . •
WM, G. LAYXQ. Auctfotww. 1-Bmrnett'a Extract 'of Vanilla is tht
Uadcr all tli* world «v«v • .UiV no ctier. • -
SAN JOSE.. June 30.— Miss Blanche Lewis
ot Denver yesterday became the bride of Ross
B. Thorn of Campbell. The weddin* took
place at tht home of Mrs. Swenson In this
city, and was performed by Rev. Mr. Jenness.
The bride is the daughter of H. B. Lewis a
business ' man ot Denver.
. Daylight Excursion to Stockton.
or to Antioch and return, BOc. , The steamer
Columbia will leave Washington-street wharf
on Sunday. July 3. at » a. m. -For -wtlmlnrn
inquire Union Transport Co.. phone Main 5724. •
Foun hundred dollars a month for
the support of the widow and daugh
ter of Wolf Fleisher is considered to
be tw'ce as much as is needed,. by the
son and two grandchildren of the de
ceased. . Therefore they have applied
to the court to reduce the allowance
to $200. In accordance with the peti
tion! of Barney Fleisher, Miriam Levy
and Rose Bush. Judge Troutt has
cited Mrs. Esther Fleisher to appear
in court on July 12 and show cause
why the monthly payment from the
estate should not be cut in half. The
petitioners allege that the estate is
worth only $160,000. and the income
therefrom is $800 a month. The debts
are said to amount- to $40,000. The
mother and her daughter Cecelia oc
cupy the home. at 1525 Geary, street,
belonging to the estate, and pay no
rent.
Son of Wolf Flelshcr Asks Court to
Cut Amount Paid to His
' -'• : Mother.
ALLOWANCE TO WIDOW
SAID TO BE TOO HIGH
Charges Against a Tuff.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger will start j for
Eureka, Humboldt County, shortly
for the purpose of investigating
charges that the tug Peerless had
been operating in thai port without
the proper life-saving equipment and
without a certificate of inspection. '
Mrs. Melbourne told the policemen
that as soon as she returned she saw
that a burglar had been at work and
she made a hurried examination,
missing a child's bank containing $50
and a sliver watch. She at once ran
to the corner grocery and asked the
grocer to telephone to the police sta
tion. A peddler was seen leaving the
house a few minutes before Mrs. Mel
bourne returned and the officers got a
good description of him. Entrance
had been effected by the;front door. •
A telephone message was received
at the Central police -station yester
day,afternoon that a burglar had en
tered the ' house of- Mrs. Anna Mel
bourne, 577 Lombard street, during
her temporary absence. Captain
Duke sent Policemen Duffy and Ly
cette, who discovered that the house
had been thoroughly ransacked. Bu
reau drawers had been emptied of
their contents In a search for coin,
and the mattresses had been dragged
from the beds.
Child's Bank and a Wntch Stolen
. From the Home of Mrs. Anna
Melbourne.
BURGLAR ENTERS HOUSE
i : : ,\ AND RANSACKS ROOMS
Loy Kum. a 12-year-old Chinese
girl said to be held as a slave for im
moral purposes by a woman named
Ngan Ping at 24" Baker alley, will be
rescued from her fate if the efforts of
Carrie G. Davis succeed. Mrs. Davis,
who is superintendent of the Oriental
Bureau of the Woman's Home Mis
sionary Society of the Methodist
church, yesterday applied to the Su
perior Court for letters of guardian
ship and custody of the child. In the
petition she alleges that Ngan Ping is
believed to be a member of the high
binder class and has no respect for
the law. Should the Chinese woman
learn of the proceedings it is stated
she would refuse to obey the order of
the court and would hide the child.
Judge Troutt ordered the Chinese
girl Into the temporary custody of
Mrs. Davis and set July 7 as the date
for hearing the matter of guardian
ship.
Carrie G. Davis Asks Court to Help
Her Save Child From
Slavery.
MISSION GETS CUSTODY
OF YOUNG CHINESE GIRL
• .VACATION feCHOOX, QP£?«S.'— OAKLANIX
Jur.f Sb.-^Tbe- vacation school with 150 pupils
.fcas'becq opened at t!ve:Tompklns. School.. Ia
ttructlon .In- sloyd. and sewing has been in
cluded in- the cnrriouium. ..- •
Holliday, the motorman, took in the
whole situation. The busy individual
was not paying much attention to him.
Holliday's hands were as' near the roof
as they could get. He realized that the
thug- was nervous, and the motorman
did not want to be a cause for a pull
of the trigger. As soon as the money
was passed' out the man and his re
volvers backed through the rear door
and disappeared into the park.
Both the street car men say that the
highwayman was small, had his face
blackened, wore a handkerchief over
the lower Dortion of his features and
had on a dark suit and a derby hat.
They admit that the two revolvers
seemed to be larger than the man and
that as they gazed along the muzzles
death seemed to- be gaping from their
openings.
As quickly as the grip could be picked
up the car was headed cityward and
the police were warned. Holliday's de
scription of the robber has caused the
police to bel.ieve that the thug is a
novice. They at once began a search
of the park, but up to a late hour the
footpad had not been found.
Suddenly the rear platform was
jarred by the weight of a man and the
startling cry rang out, '-'Throw up your
hands."
Conductors of street cars are accus
tomed to reaching up, but St. Ledger
reached higher than he ever did be
fore. Suspecting that some trick was
being played on him, St. Ledger started
to joke the Intruder, but the language
which met his attempt at hilarity was
such that he grasped the atmosphere
higher, than .before. His reason for do
ing that was the display of two mur
derous" looking revolvers in the hands
of the man who was giving the orders.
All 6t. Ledger could see was the min
iature cannon close to his vest buttons.
.His hearing was not impaired. He dis
tinctly, heard the man behind ' the gun
say "dig up." He dug. Reaching into
.his side pocket St. Ledger pulled loose
change to the amount of $6 and slid it
along the seat of the car. The man be
hind the guns was very anxious to get
away, for he failed to take all the
money- the conductor placed at his dis
posal.
MOTORMAN WATCHES.
Several times during the evening con
ductors and motormen noticed a figure
skulking along the wall at the Hayes
street entrance to the park, but in each
instance there were passengers on
board the cars and the robber retreated.
When car 210, in charge of Conductor
H. St. Ledger and Motorman George E.
Holliday' arrived- 'at the terminus no
passengers were aboard. St. Ledger
was sitting inside the car ready to eat
his lunch, while Holliday sat on the
opposite side of the car waiting for the
time to return -to the city.
ROBBER APPEARS.
A small man with two large revolvers
held up car 210 of the Hayes street line
at 9:40 d'clock last night near the park
and secured about $6. He was "very
nervous, otherwise he would have got
$40 more from Conductor Harry H. St.
Ledger, for the man in charge of the
car. had that much, more money on his
person. .;; ' : .\ r ;
Motorman Keeps His Hands
in the Air While He Sur
veys ihe Robber and Gets
Good Description of Him
Mrs. Green says she discovered that
Mrs. Francis never deposited any of
the payments in the Western National.
On June 20 Mrs. Green contracted to
sell the lease of the rooming-house and
her furniture therein to Mrs. Mar
chant and went to Madison & Burke's
to have the lease transferred. To her
surprise the real estate men told her
that the property was no longer in her
name; that Mrs. Francis had present
ed a bill of sale for it and claimed pos
session. The bill of sale represented
that the transfer had been made for a
consideration of $10. Mrs. Green de
clares she never signed such a docu
ment knowingly.
Then, to cap the climax, the gas and
electric company cut off the gaslight
and reported that the action was under
the orders of Mrs. Francis.
Mrs. Green says that Mrs. Francis
threatens to take possession of the
property and being a "violent and law
less woman" will carry out her threat
unless restrained by the court. Hence
the plaintiffs apply for an injunction,
for an accounting, and for $500 dam
ages each. Mrs. Green offers to pay
the $10 10 principal with the interest
still due upon the loan.
It is further alleged that, as a part of
the . transaction, Mrs. Green agreed to
pay $12 50 a month to Mrs. Francis.
The latter was to take out the interest
due and deposit the balance to Mrs.
Green's account in the Western Nation
al bank, as a "redemption fund" for
the principal. It is charged that in
stead of giving the $150 required, Mrs.
Francis only paid $135 50 to Mrs. Green,
holding out $14 50 "for expenses."
DISPUTES ¦ BILL OF SALE.
On February 4 last, according to the
complaint, Mrs.- Green needed money
and to get it she negotiated a loan with
Louise J. Francis, who is engaged with
her husband in lending money for
for usury. Mrs. Green says that she
was to. have $150 for six months with
the right of asking for $50 more, j The
lean was to be secured by a promissory
note, and on the date named a docu
ment was presented to her to sign, but
she was not permitted to read it, Mrs.
Francis saying that it was the usual
thing for borrowers to sign. Being in
ignorance of such proceedings, Mrs.
Green signed and paid the notary the
costs. The notary, by the way, was
.also a woman, Addie L. Ballou, who
appears in the directory as a notary
and portrait artist with offices in the
Donohoe building.
WOMAN AS MONEY LENDER.
Woman's inhumanity to woman is
the keynpte of a complaint filed yester
day in the Superior Court. An interest
ing story is told of alleged, usury and
fraud on one side and ignorance of the
world's ways on the other, yet, accord
ing to the - plaintiffs, only the sum of
$10 10 stands between the litigants." The
suit is brought by Phoebe A. Green and
I,illie Marie Marchant against Louise J.
Francis, Madison & Burke, Jane Doe.
Allyneand the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Light Company.
From the complaint it appears that
Mrs. Marchant is the mother of two
children and her support and theirs
is dependent wholly Upon the boarding
house which figures in the case. The
lease of this house and the furniture
therein, it is averred, were owned by
Phoebe Green, who paid the rent up to
June 30 to Mrs. Allyne, the owner of
the house. » • .
• : The Joint- Supervisors' committee on
fire And judiciary yesjterjlAy requested
City- Architect She* to. file" a detailed
Etatemcnt ot the condition, ot theaters
.\vftb- respect • to their safetv against
fire. : Supervisor Brandensfeiri declares
.that ¦ f ui] publicity wilt, be giyeto ta
¦vrhtther the. theaters have been' altered
$9 as to comply strictly vith the ordi-:
nance. The committee, .will meet -on
July ill to receive' th? report and take
such step's 'in the premises as may be
deemed, necessary. ." ..'
.Bhea will -also inveslisate if the'lodg T
Ihg.-bou6es aiid hotels are complying
.with 'th» ordinance' requiring unob
«tfucted passageways to exits for fire
escapes. Shea objected at first, claim
ing* that the- resuletion • is- too ' radical
Bind .Tvo-uld mean the tearing out of al-.
most every- hotel and lodging-house in
the-cfty.' -He agreed to file a report in
one month in which will be- given a list
Of the buildings found defective. -
-...Brandenstein -desired . to know if
there was any' truth In the report that
the" Fire Department is about t<? with
draw.- the firemen from the theaters.
' /•.*! am' not here to answer such .ques
tionB." • .replied Fire- -Commissioner
.Parry.; "but it is true that- the men will
>e .xcith.drawn as*, we "fiave .onJy 53000.
¦With which to pay; them."
• -.. B.raunhart' thought the firemen from,
tte different ¦ companies would be glad
.to attend to theater duty and the men
cbuld *e. spared froni the companies, in
•the N ouUyin*g districts. The' committee"
acgreed" that the. firemen should be paid
by.'the theaters and Parry, promised' to
•file- a statement- as ,to' the nunnber of
firemen required for' th.eaters, together
with the. cost [thereof, and a resolution
•irfll he : adopted by the " Supervisors -re
quiring the proprietor? -of the theaters
to. pay .the 'expense.- •" \ ¦
-'Th^ demand of = William -Maguire for
J100- for.' securing the cpnvictfop of
George Merheihi 'and J:' P. .'Martin 'for
practicing medicine "without a "license
was' .allowed. ' . ' " " • .
HIGHWAYMAN BLACKS
FACE AS A DISGUISE
proprietors of Hotels arid
: . Lodging-Housfis. Required
to Keep. Their Exits Clear
Even Real Estate Agents
and Lighting Company
Are Involved in Suit
REPORT IS .CALLED TOR
One Man With Two Revol-
vers Relieves H. St. Ledger
of Six Dollars at Hayes-
Street Entrance to Park
NOTE IS BILL OF SALE
Rooming-House Keeper Says
She Is the Victim of
Frrfud andl of Usury
Superrisors Will Insist on
.¦•Ample Protection Against
All Danger From Fires
LONE THUG
HOLDS UP A
CONDUCTOR
WOMEN AT LAW
FOR LITTLE SUM
THEATERS MUST
BE MADE SAFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1904.
16
. • \ ADVERTISEMENTS. z .. ' : -
ESCT^****^^ That Habit «^^*>w^^
j a ocr© win ©t3 \jOH1v 9 • © o . . t
j Our Biggest of : Big Fourth of July sales starts this morning at 8 o'clock— the procession .lands ¦ *
| in front of Raphael's— the Buying Public will pour into the Store, see if they don't! LyX: ' • 1
J There are; attractions enough to bring Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley and San Jose to. our doors. K
% Once inside they' will fall over each other in the scramble for bargains. And the bargains will be there «•
$ all right. You know Raphael's, when they say anything it's so. ; . • . . S
I Two Continents $$m§ v^§$i XnrO — * 1©CC '•' '. ._ *•"• . _ I
Buster Brown j^B llii wiitukg- ouits J
¦». i j* «« ifcrJ&Ji& ¦'•' j^v^A Witn Delt made or ssms fa uric .$[
5 The balance of our $6.95 and I — i 1 In Bally- Bo Tweeds. . Manly .yet--"m
f $5.95 Spring Numbers as pictured 5 J5 AQ C er ore Sailors j. boyish in looks. $7.95, $6.95 apd •}
} above. Swell ,as one can im- j v . • |h#% - ei ? \ $5.95 values. Ages6fe fcyears/I
§ agine. Fabrics that are smart and i2tt }hJL jl| - i ¦¦ ¦¦: <¦-[¦: ¦¦¦¦'" . §.
| durable. Ages 4 to 10- years. j" T "r,^*, u • KNICKER BREECHES ;, f
tjL • j It s our new model — Tne Newport. Alive with fash- V '¦-—'•¦ . t.. ." -•. ¦¦. • KT
gy Ynnr nirW i ion - brimful of naval chic andfetchinssa. Ages 3 to 12 * Ynnr r>frlr nf anv at ' • wi
¦fc IOUrpiCKdl . iytzn. Shades: -Navy, Tabosco. Brown (new. shade), j IOUr piCK OI any HI .. .
& g** xnk -^ & • I Royal and Red. Every seam serged and re-enforced, t ' . g^ gf%. t\ ¦'¦ * 4»
5 W 95^ .J A veritable find at the price ', S 9o COEtand ¦ fl
I | $2 50 W * ! V J^ ==;• Trousers ff
I Closing Sale of Our Boys f Wash Fabric Srats..^. |
Wash Fabric Suits— and the smartest that you ever laid AQ/% Wash Fabric Suits, that were $2,-.thaf wer.fi 51.75, Oyi 5
your eyes on, that were $1100, 85c and 75c, are r\ow. . .."-^C were gj^o, that were >1.25, are now...'..; *_O**C. \
| . <^^ a .^> 1 Now comes our finest Suits,, that we sold up to d* 1 i —^ '*£ — j 1 }i
jL /$&^$r M.OO, $3.45, $3.00, your. pick of any of them at *pi»'r-^ , '.- • S
' cna PS from 2j4 to 10 years. First comers will have a . *£j
i:jjBnft JGirlsV Sailor Costumes ' \ m^m^ ' 1
I Full of Dash and Sweetnessj ¦ I
i The Buster Browns and the Peter Thompsons in j %
J the smartest of mixed patterns— and in Serges, all - v- ? '- ••^ 1: M^^B'B2L «
'&Qjft*^^ Habit That Grows ''¦^^^i^i^iliilijiiii^wytf^^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our prices do the work — yon get ex-
actly what you ask for.
Mason Jars doz. pints UTVic
The best Jars at the best price, lieg. price 50c.
NEW YORK s CREAM CHEESE. LB. 17%c
Kona Coffee, ffenuino 2 lbs., 35c
Many prefer to higher-priced Cfcffees. Usu-
ally UOc lb. • •¦
FRENCH SARDINES, 3 CANS 25c.
Salad Oil quart toottle, 15c
Extra refined— best for 6alad9 and cooking.
Ueually 20c.
FRAGRANT TEAS. ALL, BOc KINDS. 3Sc.
Suffar, for. preserving. . .19 pouiiaBy $i
Dry cane granulated. Used exclusively In
our, preserving kitchen.
20c PACKAGES GOLD DUST, 15c.
Einfandel Bed Wine. gaL, 45c
Not quite gotart as claret. Usually C3c.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY. BOTTLE 75c.
Horseshoe Whisky. ..... *£-gal., Sl.OO
Our leader. Excellent value.' |3 grade.
Free for yonr boys and firla— - Satur-
day night we will giver away: those
noisy, ammunition canes — be sure and
get one — they are harmless. Saturday
night only.
lOOlfillmorcSt 119 Taylor St
: -':. . ' AD VEBTISEMENTS. : ' .
V OIJICE CURE
Of. TdftHrlng Eczemg
i| by Cuticura
When All. Else Had
f; titterty Failed.
Ttj.\>%bj, Owen Herbert Quirk, W»s
• afflicted from tire igt of six weefcs with
. ft^otthpome running eczema, . almost
' eoTeriag *is f ac*. ; I took him to Dra.
'—¦ — — and — '- — of Victoria Road,
. AJdereiot, Cod he was treated \>j them
.for three months, bat got mach wane,
•¦' and was .a .skkeolo* Right to look at. •
I aaw an a*dTertlten«nt of the Coticara
Betnedias, and got the Soap, Ointment
. and Betfcirent. • . - '
. • ' ij~v "We noticed an
" Improvement at
.;." '.- M> »lr • once, and within a
'-*'* /M^^aJ fortnight the rnn-
J/VV&VevihZc n ' a » na( * ceased ;
" JfVw^T^S^CV aild tac *c*lei were
/l7\J<2p9H[^ nearly all. dried off,
. x2 'Lm TC U face was Perfectly
. "^^^ijC^^^y dear, not .a spot
*^^^«ft^4^ closed' photograph i
y^. .of htm when he j
wts thirteen months old. He U now ¦
.twpyear* and tfour months, and has • '•
« never fcad tbe -Kli'htest return of it. I '
am very grateful for the benefits de-
rived, froai yonr remedies, and ehall
f»el it, a pleasure to make their T«lne
known. For corroboration of this
statement yon may refer vef one to
Mrs. Will!am8,'45 Michaels R<icl. Alder-
shot,, or Mr. -Gonstane. 40 Victoria
¦ Road, Alderahot, to .whom we recom-
. mended the remedies for a akin humour,
whieh they also cared. You ar« at
liberty to do what yon like vlth this
statement, as I should like all to know
of -the raloe of Cnticura."
. WILLIAM HERBERT QUIRK,
Wo. 1 West End Cottages, Raywood
' Road, K-. Southampton.
. •** fti— jhewt tka verU. Ostlev* Bmtrsat, Ma,
OtaOMat. as*. Bom. Sc. U.^i.: lW«. W Ch.rt.r-
**— •&• **£••*«**• **•« I Ba*««. UT Catwabw
¦Tint far - Be. to Can atcwiaa."
B Painless fillings 25c 1 1
tl Painless Crowns.: $3 50 li
HFuJ Set of Teeth 54 00 H
I "VANVROOM" I
£3 Sixth and Market ||
I h. s. mm^&^col
; MERCHANT TAILORS. &
;i 622 Market StreeL 5>
; : ; Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel, fl
i|; SAN FRANCISCO. j|?
S| Novelties in Imported Wear. 'A.
ift 11 BIS It Outfits. Guns, Aamunl.
I I HI Hi R * nt - CATALOG FREEL
uniiii %?&&?*?****<&.
en. Kearjur »U ft. li