The Sunday Call Magazine
fT^HIS is the second picture in a
I series by Her mail TV. Hansen,
I which will be ' continued from
J[' time to time, depicting character
istic scenes and incidents of early Cali
fornia life. It Is entitled "The -Pros-
pectors". anil represents a phase In the
life of the ;men to whose intrepidity
-and hardihood much of the earlier de
velopment of ' iftfs State is due,\ for ¦ it
was . their venturesome, - asgrressive
quest for "pay dirt" that ultimately re-
suited '-in '.opening "up many a. region
.which^qtherwise^ would have waited
years for the blazed trail of the pio
: neer. ThV'flrstJ tfidture, which was en
titled "A Vaquero Bear Hunt," au^
pcared in the Call, Sunday, June 26."I may know more," he said insin
uatingly.
his heavy wrinkled old lide. You don't
get nice eyes from looking on the nasty
things in this world, Mag.
"Why,"- 1 cried, "what kind of a girl
could cut up like that when she was on
the every edge of discovery?"
"A very smart girl — an actress ; a
good one; a clever thief who's used to
bluffing. Of course," he added softly,
"you won't misunderstand me. I'm
simply, suggesting the different kinds
of girl that could have done what you
did. But, if you don't mind, I'll do the
questioning. Nance Olden," he turned
suddenly j on me, his manner changed
and threatening, "what has become of
that three hundred dollars?"
"Mr. Chief, you know just as much
about that as I do."
. I threw up my head and looked him
full in the face. It was over now— all
the shivering and trembling and' fear
ing. Nance Olden's not a coward when
she's fighting for her freedom; and
fighting alone without any sympathiz
ing friend to weaken her.
He returned the look with interest. 4
"Possibly." I shrugged my shoul
ders.
No, It wasn't put on. There never
yet was a man who bullied me that
didn't rouse the fighter in me. I swore
to myself that . this old I thief-catcher
shouldn't rattle me. /
"Doesn't it occur to you that under
the circumstances a full confession
would be the very best thing for you? I
shouldn't wonder if these people would
be ' inclined to ' be lenient with you if
you'd return the' money. . Doesn't it
occur — "
-"'It might occur td me If I had any
thing to confess— about this purse."
"How long since "you've seen Mrs.
Edward Ramsay?" .He rushed' the
question, at me.
I Jumped.
"How do you know I've ever seen
her." - v
"I do know you have."
"I don't believe you." >. ::'l"^
"Thank you; neither do I believe you,
which is more to the point.' Come,
answer the question: how long is. it
since you have see'n the lady."
I looked at him. ¦ And then I looked at
my glove, 'and-" slowly,.. pulled. the fingers
inside out, and then— then I' giggled.
Suddenly it came to me— that silly lit
tle insane dodge of mine in the Bishop's
carriage that day; the girl who lost her
name; and the use air that affair might
be-t° me If ever— ,
? >ril tell you if you'll let me think a
minute,"; I said sweetly. "Itr-it must
be all 'of fifteen months."
i "Ah! You see I did know that you've
met the lady. If you're wise you'll draw
deductions as to;other things I know
that you; don't think I do. V * *
And where did you see her?"
."In hVr own home."
"Called there," he sneered, "alone?"
"No," I said very gently. "I went
there, to the best of my recollection,
with the Bishop— yes, it was the Birh
op, Bishop Van Wageneri."
I could see that he "didn't believe a
• word I was saying, which made me
• happily eager to tell him more.
"Yes,' we drove up to the square one
afternoon in the Bishop's carriage — the
fat. plum-colored one, you know. We
had tea there— at least, I did. I was to
have spent the night, but — "
. ."That's enough of that." -
I chuckled. Yes, Mag Monahan, I
was enjoying myself. I was having a
run for my money, even if it was the
last run I was to have.
"So it's fifteen months since you've
seen Mrs. Ramsay, eh?"
. "YeS." . ; : ¦ ¦ : ' .--.¦ - « i
He turned on me with a roar.
- "And yet it's only a week since you
saw her at Mrs. Gates'."
"No? Take care!"
"That night at' Mrs.' Gates', It Tvas
dark, you know,' In the front room. I
didn't Bee Mrs. Ramsay that night. I
friend Obermuller believes you did;
that you got away with the three hun
dred, or hid it away, and "
"And what a stupid thief I must be,
then, to leave the empty purse under
my lounge!"
"How do you know it was empty?"
he demanded sharply.
"You said so. * * * Well, you
gave me to understand that it was,
then. What difference does it make?
It would be a still stupider thief who'd
leave a full purse instead of an empty
one under his own lounge."
"Yes; and you're not stupid. Miss
Olden."
"Thank vou. I'm sorry I can't say
as much for you."
I couldn't help it. He was such a
stupid. The idea of telling me that
Fred Obermuller believed me guilty!
The idea of thinking me such a fool
as to believe that! Such men as that
make criminals. They're so fat-witted
you positively ache— they so tempt you
to pull the wool over, their eyea. Oh,
Mag, if the Lord. had only made men
clever, there'd be fewer Nancy Oldens.
The Chief blew a blast at his speak
ing-tube that made his purple cheeks
seem about to burst. My shoulders
shook as I watched him, he was so
wrathy.
And I was still 'laughing when I fol
lowed the detective out into the wait
ing-room, where Obermuller was pac
ing the floor. At the sight of my smil
ing face he came rushing to me.
"Nance!" he cried. "
"Orders are, Morris," came in a bel
low from the Chief at his door, "that
no further communication be allowed
between the prisoner and "
Phew! All the pertness lealed out
of me. Oh, Mag. I don't like that word.
It stings— it binds— it cuts'. v>'
I don't know what I looked like then;
I wasn't thinking of me. I was watch
ing Obermuller's face.
It seemed to grow old and thin and
"Even tho'ugh the Trust Is pushing,
me to the wall; going to such^ lengths
that they're liable criminally as wall as
civilly. If I. could only get my hands
on proof of their rascality. It's true
I can't pay salaries always when
they're due. but I can still raise a few
hundred to help a friend. And Miss
oyien is a friend of mine. If you can
prove that she took this money, you
prove only that she's gone mad, but
you don't—"
"All right, Obermuller. You're not
the lawyer for the defense. That'll
come later— If it does come. I'll be
glad to bear in mind all you've said,
and much that you haven't" -¦.-r-Vvi
"I'm going to ask you a lot of ques
tions, Misg Olden," the old Chief said,
when we were alone. "Sit here, please.
Morris tells me you've got more nerve
than any woman that's ever come be
fore me. so I needn't bother to reassure
you. You don't look like a girl that's
easily frightened. I have heard how
you. danced in the lobby of the Man
hattan, how you guyed him at your
flat, and were getting lunch and hav
ing a regular picnic of a time when — "
* "When he found tkat purse."
"Exactly. Now, why did you do all
that?"
"Why? Because I felt like it I felt
gay and excited and — "
"Not dreaming that the purse was
sure to be found?"
"Not dreaming that there was such a
purse In existence except from the de
tective's say-so, and never fanc^ng
for an Instant that it would be found
in my flat"
"Hm!" He looked at me from under
(CeprriStt. 1304. Bsbba. MenCl & Co.)
XL
* a ••— v ON'T you think you'd better
T ] get out of this?" I asked
ji Obermuller, as he came into
the station a few minutes
after I got there.
"No."
"I do."
"Because?"
••Because it won't do you any good
to have your name mixed up with a
thing Hke this." : .
•'But it might do you gome gooJ."
I didn't answer for a minute t'fter.
that. I sat in my chair, my eyes bent
on the floor. I counted ih? cracks
between the <hair :md the floor of the
ofii<% where the Chi^f was busy wiih
another case I counted them six
times, back and forth, till my eyes
were clear and my voice was «t«udy.
••You're awfully good," I said, look
ing up at him as he stood by me.
'You're the best fellow 1 ever kn«?w.
I didn't know men could be s.» Rood
Po women. . . But you'd better go
— please. It'll be bad enough when
the papers get hold of this, without
having them lump you in with a bad
lot like me."
He put his hand on my shoulder
and gave it a quick little shake.
"Don't say that about yourself.
You're not a bad lot."
"But — you saw the nurse."
"Tes, I 6aw it. But it hasn't proved
anything to be but this: you're inno
cent. Nance, or you're crazy. If it's
the first, I want to stand by you. ..
tie glrL If It's the second — gooo lo-Ss
I've got to stand by you harder than
ever."
Can you see me sitting there, Mag.
In the bright, bare little room, ivith
the electric lights, still In my white
dress and big white hat. my pretty
Jacket fallen on the floor beside me?
I could feel the sharp blue eyes of that
Detective Morris feeding on my mis
erable face. But I could feel, too, a
¦warmth like wine poured into me
from that big fellow's voice.
I put my hand up to him and he
took it
"If I'm Innocent and can prove it,
Fred Obermuller, I'll get even with
you for — for this."
"Do you want to do something: for
me nor/?"
"Do I?"
"Well, if you wont to help me, don't
Kit there looking like the criminal
ghost of the grirl I know."
The blood rushed to my face. Nance
Olden, a. sniveling coward! Me, show
ing the white feather — me, whimper
ing like a whipped puppy — me —
Nance Olden! »
"You know," I smiled up at him,
"I never did enjoy getting caught."
"Hush! But that's better. . .<
Tell me now — "
A buzzer sounded. The blue-eyed
detective got up and came over to
me. .
"Chiefs ready."* he said. "This
¦way."
They stopped Obermuller at the
floor. But he pushed past them." ;.';'
"I want to say just a word to you,
Chief," he said. "You remember me.
I'm Obermuller of the Vaudeville. If
you'll send those fellows out and let
me t-peak to you just one moment. I'll
leave you alone with Miss Olden."
The Chief nodded to the blue-eyed
detective, and he and the other fellow
¦went out and shut the door behind
them.
"l want simply to call your at
tention to the absurdity and unrea
ironableness of - this thing," Ober
muller eaid. leaning up against the
Chief b desk, while he threw out his
left hand with that big open gesture
of his, "and to ask you to bear in mind,
no matter what appearances may be,
that iliss Olden is the most talented
Slrl on the stage to-day; that In a
very short time she will be at the top;
that Jutt now >he Is not suffering for
lmk of money; that she's not a high-
ToV.tr. !«ut a determined, hard-working
little srir.d, and that If she did feel
like taking a plunge, she knows that
chc could get all she wants from me
"Kv«n if you can't pay salaries when"
tbf-yre due. Obermuller." The Chief
grinned under his white mustache.
cp.HIS is the third install
| ment of Miriam Michel
1 soil's noted novel, "Iu
the Bishop's Carriage," which
bewail in The Sunday Call on
July 10. and will be com
pleted upon July 31. On
August 7 will begin a novel
by that sterling ronianeist.
Max Pemberton, entitled
"Doctor Xavier." It is a
mystery story of gradually
accumulating interest, and
one that will hold the atten
tion from the very start. As
with "The Bishop's Car
riage." "Doctor Xavier" will
be published in four install
ments, thus giving to readers
of The Call one of the very
best of the popular books of
the day, ordinarily selling
for §1 50. for twenty cents.
didn't know she was there at all till—^
•Till?"
"Till later I was told."
. "Who told you?" •' ,
"Her husband."
He threw down his pencil.
"Lock here, this is no lark, young
woman, and you needn't trouble your-
Velf to weave any more fairy tales. Mr.
Ramsay is in a-he's very ill. His own
wife hasn't seen him since that night,
so you 'see you're, lying uselessly."
Really! So Edward didn't go back
to Mrs. Gates' that nights Tut! Tut!
After his telephone message too.
3 "Now, assuming your Innocence of
the theft, Miss Olden,' what is your
theory; how do you account for tne
presence of that purse in your flat.
"Now, you've hit the part of it that
really puzzles me. N How do you ac
count for it; what Is your theory.
He got to his feet, pushing his chair
back sharply.
"My theory, if you want to know It.
Is that you stole the purse; that your
haggard before my eyes, as the blood
drained out of It- He turned with an
exclamation to the Chief and—
And Just then there came a Ions rin5
at the telephone. ** >j-< '¦'- ¦
Why did I stand there? Oh Mag,
when you're on your way to the place
I was bound for, when you know that
before you'll set foot in thU same
bright little room again, the hounds in
half a dozen cities' will have scratched
clean every hiding place you've had.
when your every act will be known and
— and — oh, then, you wait. Mag. you
wait for anything— anything in the
world; even a telephone call that may
only be bringing in another wretch
like yourself; .bound, like yourself, for
the Towibs.
The Chief himself went to answer It
"Yes— what?" he growled. "Well, tell
Long Distance to get busy. What's
that? St. Francis— that's the Jag ward,
isn't it? Who is it? Who? Ramsay'."
I caught Obermuller*s hand.
"I don't hear you." the Chief roared.
"Oh— yes? Yes, we've got the thief, but
the money— no, we haven't got the
money. The deuce you say! Took it
yourself? Out of your wife's purse
yes.* •' • Yes. But we've got the
—What? Don't remember whera
you — " .
"Steady, Nance," whispered Ober
muller, grabbing my other hand.
I tried to stand steady, but every
thing swayed and I couldn't hear the
rest of what the Chief was saying,
though all my life seemed condensed
into a listening. But I did hear when
he Jammed the receiver on the hoolc
and faced us.
"Well, they've got the money. Ram
say took the purse himself, thinking
It wasn't safe there under the spread
where any servant might be tempted
who chanced to uncover it. You'll ad
mit the thing looked shady. The reason
Mrs. Ramsay didn't know of It la be
cause the old man's Just come to his
senses In a hospital and been noticed
that the purse was mlsslny."
"I want to apologize to you. Chief,**
I mumbled. .7\
"For thinking me stupid? Oh, w*
were both — " *55?"
"No. for thinking me not stupid- I
».rn stupid — stupid— stupid. The old fel
low I told you about, Mr. O., and tha
way I telephoned him out of the flat
that night — it was—'
I nodded, and then crumbled to tha
floor.
It was then that they sent for you.
Mag.
Why didn't I tell It straight at tha
first, you dear old Mag? Because I
didn't know the straight of it then my
self. I was so heavy-wltted I never
once thought of Edward. He must hava
taken the bills out of the purse and
then crammed them in his pocket while
he was waiting there on the lounge
and I was pretending to telephone
and —
But it's best as It is— oh, so best!
Think, Mag. Two people who knew her
— who knew her, mind — believed in
Nancy Olden In spite of appearances —
Obermuller, while we were in the thick
of it, and you, you dear girl, while I
was telling you of it.
XII.
When Obermuller sent for me I
thought he wanted to see me about
that play he's writing in which I'm to
star — when the pigs begin to fly.
Funnie3t thing in the world about
that man. Mag. He knows he can't
get bookings for any play on earth;
that if he did they'd be canceled and
any old excuse thrown at him as soon
as Tausig heard of it and could put on
the screws. He knows that there isn't
an unwatched hole in theatrical Amer
ica through* which he can crawl and
pull me and the play in after him.
And yet he Just can't let go working on
it- He loves it. Mag; he loves it ad
Molly loved that child of hers that kept
her" nursing It all the years of its life,
and left her feeling that the world had
been robbed of everything there was
for a woman to do when it died.
Obermuller has told me all the plot.
In fact, he's worked it out on me. I
know it as it 13, as he wanted
it to be, and .• as it's going to
be. He tells me he's built it up
about me; that it will fit me as never
a comedy fitted a player yet, and that
we'll make such a hit — the play and I
together — that • • ?
And then he remembers that there's
no chance; not the ghost of one, and
he falls to swearing at the Trust.
"Don't you think, Mr. O.," I said, as
he began again when I came into his
office, "that it might be as well to quit
cursing the Syndicate till you've got
something new to say or something
different to rail about? It seems to
me a man's likely to get daffy if he
keeps harping on "
"Oh, I've got it all right, Nance, be
sure of that! I've got something dif
ferent to say of them and something
new to swear about. They've done me
up; that's all. Just as they've fixed
Iringer and Gaffney and Howison."
"Tell me."
He threw out his arms and then let
them fall to his side.
"Oh, it's easy," he cried, "so easy
that I never thought of it. They've
just bought the Vaudevile out of hand
and served notice on me that when
my lease exnires next month they'll
not be able to renew it. 'unfortunate
ly'! That's all. No; not quite. In
order to kill all hope of a new plan
in me they've just let it get to be un
derstood that any man or woman that
works for Obermuller needn't come
round to them at any future time."
"Phew! A blacklist."
. "Not anything so tangible. It's just
a hint, you know, but it works all
right. It works like "
"What are you going to do; what
can you do?" -::.••*;
"Shoot Tausig or myself, or both
of us."
"Nonsense!" .
"Yes, of course it's nonsense, or
rather it's only what I'd like to
do. • • • But that's not the ques
tion. Never mind about me. It'9
what are you going to do?"
He looked straight at me, waiting.
But I didn't answer. I was thinking.
"You don't realize, Nance, what
those fellows are capable of. When
Gaffney told me. before he gave up
and went West, that here was a gen
uine signed conspiracy among then to
crush out us independents, I laughed
at him. 'It's a dream, Gaffney,' I saiil.
'Forget it.' 'It's no dream, as you'll
find out when your turn come In time.'
he shouted. 'It's a fact, and whuff*
more. Irlncer once taxed Tausig
to his face with it; toUl him
he _knew there was such m docu
ment in existence, signed by the
great Tausis himself, by Heffelfinger
of the Pacific circuit: by Dixon of Chi
cago, and Weinstock of New Orleans.
. binding themselves to force us fellows
to the wall, and specifying the per c«nt
of profit each one of 'em should get on
any increase of business; to blacWUt
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CATX.
IN THE BISHOP'S
CARRIAGE
2"Oh, he said that you thought they
were' in with you, but that nothing but
a written agreement would hold men
like that. And that you hadn't got."
"Smart fellow, that Obermuller. -He'd
have been a good man to have In the
business if it hadn't been for those In
dependent ideas he's got He's right;
it takes—"
"So there is an agreement!" I
shouted, in spite of myself, as I leaned
forward.
He sat back In his chair, or, rather,
he let it swallow him again.
"What business is that of yours?
Stick to the business on hand. Get to
work on that play with Mason inside.
If It's good, and we decide to put it on,
we'll pay you $500 down in addition to
your, salary. ' If it's rot, you'll have
your salary weekly all the time you're
at it, Just the same as If you were
working, till I can place you. . In the
keep < your ears and eyes
V>pen and watch things, and ; your
mouth shut. I'll speak to Mason and
he'll be ready for you to-morrow morn
ing. Come round in the morning;
Never you mind Obermuller. He's a
dead one." '
hand will find out what his left is do-
Ing. He^s a full partner, of Braun and
Lowenthal— with- mental' reservations.
He has no confidence in either of them.
Half his schemes he keeps from them;
the other half he tells them— part of.
He's forever afraid that the syndicate
of which he's the head will v fall to
pieces and become another syndicate of
which he won't be head.
It all makes him. an unhappy, rest
less little beast; but; it helped me to
day. If it'd been any question of safe
combinations and tangled things- like
that, the game would have been all up
for Nancy O. ; But in-his official safe
Tausig keeps only such papers as he
wants <J3raun and Lowenthal to see.
And in his private desk in his private
office he keeps—.
I stole past Masop, sleeping .with his
forehead on the typewriter keys— he'll
be lettered like the : obelisk when he
wakes up— and ¦ crept .. into the ' next
room to se'e just what Tausig keeps in
that private desk of his.. .
* Oh, yes, it was locked. But hadn't I
been carrying the key to.it every min
ute for- the last forty-eight hours?
There must be a mine of stuff in that
knows; wrote her mimicking mono
logues for her: gave her her chance,
and— and now — Well. Tausig don't
pay salaries for nothing, and she gets
hers as regularly as I draw mine.
What more I don't know. But she
hasn't set foot on the stage yet under
Tausig, and they say Obermuller — "
I didn't get the rest of it, so I don't
know what they say about Obermuller.
I only, know what they've said to him
about ¦ me. 'Tisn't hard to make men !
believe: those things. "-"-But I had to
stand it. What could I do? I couldn't
tell Fred Obermuller that I was mak
ing over his play, soul and as much
body as I could remember, to Tausig's
secretary. He'd have found that hard
er, to believe than the other thing.
It hasn't been a very happy week for
me, I can tell you. Maggie. But I for
got it all,' every shiver and ache of it,
when I came into the office that morn
ing, as usual, and found Mason alone.
Not altogether alone— he had his
bottle. • And her had had it and others
of the same family all the night before.
The poor" drunken wretch hadn't been
home at all. He was worse^than he'd
been that morning '. three' days before,
every m^an and woman that worked for i
Vs; to buy up our debts and even bring i
false attachments.- when — * " ]
\ •'Now, weren't there enough real t
debts to tatisfy 'em? They're hard to 1
please, if you haven't creditors enough
to suit 'em!" <
He iockod grin., but he didn't speak, i
'I don't bel!eve it, anyway. Mr. O.; 1
and 'tirnt good for you to keep think
ing about just one thing. You'll land ]
vhere Iringt r did. if you don't look out.
How did be know about It, anyway?" i
"There was a leak in Tausig's office.
I ringer used to be in with them, and he '
had it from a clerk who — but never :
•mind that. It's the blacklisting I'm '
talking about now. Gray's just been in ;
to see tr.c, to let me know that she '
quits ct the end of the season. And i
his Lordship, too. of course. You're i
not burdened with a contract, Nance.
Perhaps you'd better think it over seri
ously for a day or two and decide if it
wouldn't be best — "
"I don't have to," I interrupted then.
¦'Nance!" he cried, jumping up, as
thoujrh he'd been relieved of half his
tnmb'.es.
"I don't have to think it over," I
went on slowly, not looking at the
hand he held out to me. "It doesn't
take long to know that when you're be
tween the devil and the deep sea you'd
better try the devil rather than be
forced out into the wet."
"What?— you don't mean—"
I know he was looking at me incred
ulously, but I just .wouldn't meet his
eye.
"My staying with you will do you no
pood — " I was hurrying now to get it
over with— "and it would da me a lot
of harm. I think you're right, Mr.
Obermuller: I'd better just go over to
where it's warm. They'll be glad to
get me and— and. to tell the truth, I'll
be glad to get in with the syndicate,
even if I can't make as good terms as
I might have by selling that contract,
which— like the famous conspiracy
you're half mad about — never existed."
He sat down on the edge of the desk.
I caught otic glimpse of his face. It
was black: that was enough for me. 1
turned to go.
"Ah. but it did, Miss Olden, it did!"
he sneered.
"I won't bolieve it on the word of a
man that's been in the lunatic asylum
ever since he lost his theater."
"Perhaps you'll believe it on mine."
I jumped. "On yours!"
"Didn't that little bully, when he lost
his temper that day at the Van Twiller,
when we had our last fight — didn't he
full a paper out of his box and shake
it in my face, and — "
"But— you could have them arrested
"And the proof of it could be de
stroyed and then— but I can't eee how
this interests you."
"No — no.". I said thoughtfully. "I
only happened \<r lump it in with the
contract we haven't — you and I. And
as there's no contract, why there's no
m>ed of my waiting till the end of the
' season."
"Do you mean to say you'd— you'd— "
¦"If 'twere done, 'twere better It'd b«
done quickly," I said Macbethieally.
He looked at me. Sitting there en
his dt-sk. his clenched fist on his knee,
he looked for a moment as though he
was about to tiy at me. Then all of a
sudden he slipped into his chair, leaned
back and laughed.
It wasn't a pleasant laugh. Mag. No
— wait. Ijet me tell you the rest.
"You are so shrewd. Olden, so aw
fully shrewd! Your eye is so everlast
ingly out for th'i main chance, and
you're still so young that I predict a —
a great futur* for you. 1 might even
suggest that by cultivating Tausig per
\'ou needn't."
>". you're right; 1 needn't. You
can discount any suggestion I might
make. You just want to be the first to
go over, eh? To get there before Gray
does— to get all there is in it for the
first r^bel that lays down his arms;
not to come in late when submission is
stale — and cheap. Don't worry about
terms, you poor little babe In the
woods. Don't — " His own wordf
seemed to choke him.
"Don't you think—" I began a bit
unsteadily. ,'-*-,
"I think — oh. what a fool I've been!"
That stiffened me.
"Of course, you have." I said cor
dially. "It's silly to fight the push,
isn't it? It's only the cranks that get
cooky and think they can upset the fel
lows on top. The thing to do is to find
out which if the stronger — if you're a
.better man than the other fellow, down
, him. If he's the champion, enlist un
d*r him. But be in it. What's the use
of bc-ins a kicker all your life? You
only W some one else come in for the
soft things, while you stay outside and
. gnaw your finger-nails and plot and
plan and starve. You spend your life
• hoping to live to-morrow, while the
Tausigs are living high to-day. The
thing to do is to be humble if you can't
be arrogant. If they've got you in the
door, don't curse, but placate them.
Think cf Gaffney herding sheep out in
Nevada; of Iringer in the asylum; of
Howison-"
"Admirable! admirable!" he inter
rupted sarcastically. "The only fault I
have to find with your harangue is that
you've misconceived my meaning en
tirely. But I needn't enlighten you.
Go<rd morning. Miss Olden — good-by."
He turned to his desk and pulled out
some papers! I knew he wasn't so des
perately absorbed in them as he pre
tended to be.
"Won't you *hakp hands," I asked,
"and wish nip luck?"
He put down his pen. His face was
white and hard, but as he looked at me
it gradually softened.
"I suppose— I euppose, I am a bit un
reasonable Just this minute," he said
slowly. "I'm hard hit and— and 1 don't
just know the way out. Still, I haven't
• any right to — to expect? more of you
than there is In you, you poor little
thing! It's not your fault, but mine,
that I've expected— Oh, for God's sake
— N*ar.c« — pro. and leave me alone!"
I had to take that with me to the
Van Twiller, and it wasn't pleasant.
But Tausig received me with open
arms.
"Got tired- of staying out in the cold—
eh?" ho grinned.
"I'm tired of vaudeville," I answered,
"c'an't you give me a chance in a
comedy?"
"Hm! Ambitious, ain't you?"
" ' "Obermuiler has a play all ready for
me— written for me. He'd star me fast
enough if he had the chance."
"But he'll never get the chance."
*'Oh, I don't know."
"But I. do. He's on the toboggan;
that's where they all get, my dear,
when they get big-headed enough to
fight us."
"But Obermuller's not like the others.-
He's not so easy. And he is so clever;
Pwhy. the plot of that comedy is the
bulliest thing—** .
"You've re^.d it — you remember it*"
"Oh, I know it by heart— my part of
it. You see. he wouldn't keep away,
from me while he was thinking of it.
He kept consulting me about every
thing in it. In a wax, we worked ever
it together."
The little man looked at me, slowly
closing one eye. It is a habit of his
when he's going to do something par
ticularly nasty. -*.
"Then, in a way, as you say, it Is
part yours." . ¦* '
"Hardly! Imagine Nance Olden writ
ing a line of a play!"
"Still you — collaborated; that's the
word. ... I say, my dear, if I could
read that comedy, and it was— half
what y&u say it is, I might — I don't
promise, mind— but I might let you
have the part that was written for you,
eh? He was the best stage manager we
ever had before he got the cotion of
his cold, sneering eyes that had no
smile in them.
"I — I wouldn't like to make an enemy
o.f "a man like Obermuller, Mr. Tausig."
"Bah! Ain't I told you he's on the
toboggan?"
"But you never can tell with a man
like that. Suppose he got into that
combine with Heffelflnger and Dixon
and Weinstock?"
"What're you talking about?"
"Well, it's what I've heard."
"But Heffelflnger and Dixon and
Weinstock are all in with us; who told
you that fairy story?"
"Obermuller himself."
The little 'fellow laughed. His is a
creaky, almost silent little laugh; if a
spider could laugh' he'd laugh that
way.
"They're fooling him a bunch or two.
me as she kicked out her soft, heelless;
little boot: .\\~/ ;
"Nancy Olden, I choose you. Nancy
Olden, I love you. Nancy Olden, I
dare you to love me. Nancy Oldeff, I
defy you to laugh back at me!"
Where In the world she dropped from
heavens knows. The organ-grinder
picked up the shafts of his wagon and
trundled it away. The pickaninnies
melted like magic. But that gay little
flirt, about a year and a half old. just
held on to my finger and gabbled —
poetry. ,
I didn't realize just then that she
was a lost, strayed or stolen. I ex
pected every moment some nurse or
conceited mamma to appear and drag
her away from me. And I looked down
at her— oh, she was Just a little bunch
of soft stuff; her face was a giggling
dimple, framed in a big round hat-halo,
that had fallen from her chicken
blonde head; and her white dress, with
the blue ribbons at the shoulders, wa3
just a little bit dirty. I like 'em a little
bit dirty. Why? Perhaps because
I can imagine having a little coquette
of my own a bit dirty like that, and
can't just see Nance Olden with a
spick-and-span clean baby, all feathers
and lace, like a bored little grown-up.
"You're a mouse." I gurgled down at
her. "You're a sweetheart. You're a
And suddenly I heard a cry and a
rush behind me.
It was a false alarm; Just a long
legged girl of 12 rushing round the cor
ner, followed by a lot of others. It
hadn't been meant for me. of course,
but in the second when I had remem
bered that precious paper and Tausig's
rage when he should mlsa It. I had
pulled my hand away from that bit
baby's and started to run.
The poor little tot! There Isn't any
reason in the world for the fancies
they take any more than for our own;
eh, 'Mag? Why should she have been
attracted to me just because I was so
undignified as to dance with the pick
aninnies?
But do you know what that little
thing did? She thought I was playing
with her. She gave a crow of delight
and came bowling after me.
•That finished me. I stooped and
picked her up in my arms, throwing
her up in the air to hear her crow and
feel her come down again.
"Mouse," I said, "we'll just have a
little trip together. The nur3e that'd
lose yc-u deserves to worry till you're
found. The mother that's lucky
enough to own you will be benefited
hereafter by a sharp scare on your
account just now. Come on, sweet
heart!"
Oh, the feel of a baby in your arms,
Mag! It makes the Cruelty seem a per
fectly unreal thing, a thing one should
be utterly ashamed of imagining, of
accusing human nature of; a thing on
ly an irredeemably vile thing could im
agine. Just the weight of that little
body riding like a bonny boat at anchor
on your arm, just the cocky little way
it sita up, chirping and confident; Just
the light touch of a bit of a hand on
your collar; just that is enough to
push down brick walls; to destroy pic
tures of bruised and maimed children
that endure after the injuries axe
healed; to scatter records that even I—
I, Nancy Olden — can't believe and be
lieve, too, that other women have car
ried their babies, as I did some other
woman's baby, across the square.
On the other side «I set her down. I
didn't want to. I was greedy of every
moment that I had her. But I wanted
to get some change ready before climb
ing up the steps to the L-statlon.
She clutched my dress as we stood
there a minute in a perfectly Irresisti
ble way. I know now why men marry
baby-women; it's to feel tnat delicious,
helpless clutch of weak fingers; the
clutch of dependence, of trust, of ap
peal.
I looked down at her with that lama
silly adoration I've seen on Molly's
face for her poor, lacking, twisted boy.
At least, I did in the beginning. But
gradually the expression of my face
must have changed; for all at once I
discovered what had been done to me.
-My purse was gone.
Yes, Maggie Monahan, clean gone!
My pocket had been as neatly picked
as I myself— well, never mind, as what.
I threw back my head and laughed
aloud. Nance Olden, the great doer-up,
had been done up so cleverly, so surely.
so prettily, that she hadn't had an Ink
ling of it.
I wished I could get a glimpse of the
clever girl that did it. A girl— of
course, it was! Do yon think any
boy's fingers could do a Job like that
and me not even know?
But I didn't stop to wish very long.
Here was I with the thing I valued
most in the world still clutched in my
hand, and not a nickel to my name to
get me. the paper, and the baby on.
orn way.
It was the baby, of course, that de
cided me. Y^u can't be very enter
prising wheiM you're carrying a pink
lump of sweetness that's all a-smilo
at the moment, but may get all a-tear
the next.
"It's you for the nearest police sta
tion, you young tough!" I said, squeez
ing her. "I can't take you home now
1 and show you to Mag."
But she giggled and gurgled back at
; me, the abandoned thins, as though
the police station was just the proper
j est place for a young lady of her years.
It was not so very near, either, that
' station. My arm ached when I got
' there from carrying her, but my heart
ached; too, ta leave her. I told the
! matron how and where the little thing
* had picked me up. At first she
wouldn't leave me, but— the fickle little
\ thing— a class of millc transferred all
her smiles and wiles to the matron.
Then we both went over her clothes to
1 find a name or an initial or a laundry
1 mark. But we found .nothing. The
¦ matron offered me a glass of milk, too,
> but I was in Ov hurry to pe gone. She
[ was a nice matron; so nice that I was
, just about to ask her for the loan of
car fare when —
When I heard a voice. Maggie, in the
! office adjoining. I kn<rw mat voice all
> right, and I knew that I had to make
r a decision quick.
i I did. I threw the whole thins Into
x the lap of fate. And when I opened
the door and faced him I was smiling.
" ' Oh, yes, it v^as Tausig.
> (Concluded Xcxt Sunday.*
desk of Tausig's, Mag. The touch of
every paper Jn It is slimy with some
dirty trick, some bad secret, some
mean action. It's a pity that I hadn't
time to go through 'em all; it would'
have been .interesting; but under a
bundle of women's letters, which that
old fox keeps for no good reason, I'll
bet, I lit on a paper that made my
heart go bumping like a cart over
cobbles.
Yes, there it was, just as Obermuller
had vowed was, with Tausig's
cramped little signature followed by
Heffelflnger's, Dixon's and Wein
stock's; a scheme to crush the business
life out of men by the cleverest, up-to
date trust deviltry; a thing that our
Uncle Sammy just won't stand for. N
And neither will Nancy Olden, Miss
Monahan.
She grabbed that precious paper with
a grasp of delight and closed the desk.
But she bungled a bit there, for Ma
son lifted his head and blinked dazedly
at her for a moment, recognized her
and shook his head.
"No — work to-day," he said.
"No— I know. I'll ' just look over
what we've done. Mr. Mason," she an
swered cheerfully.
His poor head went down again with •
a bob, and she caught up the type
written sheets of Obermuller's play.
She waited a minute longer; half be- ¦
; cause she wanted to make sure Mason
was asleep again before "she tore the •
sheets across and crammed them down
into the waste basket; half because she i
pitied the old fellow and .was sorry to
take advantage of his condition. But
she knew a cure for this last sorry— a
way she'd help him later; and when
she danced out into the hall she was
the very happiest burglar in a world :
chock full of opportunities.
Oh, she was in such a twitter as she
did it! All that old delight in doing
somebody else up, a vague somebody
whose meannesses she didn't know,
was as nothing to the joy of doing
Tausig up. She was dancing on a vol
cano again, that incorrigible Nance!
Oh, ¦ but such a volcano, . Maggie! It
atoned for a year of days when there
was nothing doing; no excitement, no
risk, nothing to keep a girl interested
and alive.
And, Maggie, darlin', it was a won
derful volcano, that one, that last one,
for it .worked both ways. It paid up
for what I haven't done this past year
and what I'll never do, again in the
, years, to come. It made up to me for
all I've missed and all I'm going to
miss. It was a reward of demerit for
not being respectable, and a preventive
of further sins. Oh, it was such a vol
cano as never was. It was a drink and
a blue ribbon in one. It was a bang
up end and a bully beginning. It was —
It was, Tausig coming in as I was
going cut. Suddenly I realized that,
but I was in such a mad whirl of ex
citement that I almost ran over the lit
tle fellow before I could stop myself.
"Phew! \Vhat_a. whirlwind you are!"
he cried. "Where are you going?"
"Oh, good morning, Mr. Tausig," I
said sweetly. "I never dreamed you'd
be down so early in the morning."
"AVhat're you doing- with the paper?"
he demanded suspiciously.
My eye followed his. I could have
beaten Nancy Olden In that minute for
not having sense enough to hide that
precious- agreement, instead of carry
ing it rolled up in her hand.
"Just taking it home to go over it," I
said carelessly, trying to pass him.
But he barred my way.
-""Where's Mason"" he asked.
"PoOr Mason!" I said. "He's — he'3
asleep."
"Drunk again?" "
I nodded. How to get away!
"That settles his hash. Out he goes
to-day. •. . . It seems to me you're
. in a deuce of a hurry," he added, as I
tried to get out again. "Come In; I
want to talk something over with you."
"Not this morning," I said saucily. I
wanted to cry. "I've got an engage
ment to lunch, and I want to go over
this'stuff for Mason before one."
"Hm! An engagement." Who with,
now?"
My chin shot up in the air. He
laughed, that cold, noiseless, little
laugh of his.
"But suppose I want you to come to
lunch with me?"
"Oh, thank you, Mr. Tausig. .. But
how could I break my engagement
with—"
"With Braun?" \^
"How did you guess it?" I laughed.
"There's no keeping anything from,
you."
He was immensely satisfied with his
little self. I "I know him— that old ras
cal," he said slowly. "I say, Olden,
just do break that engagement with
Braun."
"I oughtn't— really."
"But do— eh? Finish your work here
and we'll go off together, us two, at
12:30, and leave him cooling his heels
here when he comes." He rubbed his
hands gleefully.
"But I'm not dressed."
"You'll do for me."
"But not for me. Listen; let me
hurry home r^ow and I'll throw Braun
'; over and be back here to meet you at
1 12:30." V^
He pursed up his thin little lips and
; shook his head. But I slipped past
. him in that minute and got out N into
> the street.
1 "At 12:30." I called back as I hurried
1 off.
I got around the corner in a jiffy. Oh,
I could hardly walk, Mag! I wanted to
j fly and dance and' skip. I wanted to
; kick up my heels as the children were
> doing in. the square, while the organ
5 ground out, "Ain't It a Shame?" I ac
5 tually did a step or two with them, to
| their delight, and the first thing I
knew I felt a bit of a hand in mine
s like a cool pink, snow flake and —
1 Oh, a baby, Mag! A girl baby more
- than a year old and less than two
years young; too little to talk; too big
1 not; to walk; facing the world-,wlth a
j winning smile and jabbering things in
. her soft little lingo, knowing that every
t .-woman she meet^ will understand.
t I did, all right' She was saying to
The last page I had dictated the day
before, which he'd: been transcribing
from his notes, Jay in front of him; the
gas .was still burning directly above
him, and a shade he wore over his
weak eyes had. been knocked awry as
his poor old bald head went -bumping
down on the type-writer before him. '
The thing that favored me was Tau
sig's distrust, c/f everybody connected
with him. He hates his partners only
a bit less than. he hates the men out
side the trust. bigger andnicher
the syndicate grows the more power
and prosperity it has, the more he be
grudges them their share of it; the
more he wants it all for himself. He is
madly suspicious of his clerks, and
hires others to watch them, to spy up
on them. He is continually moving his
valuables from place to place, partly
because ha trusts no man; partly be
cause he's so deathly afraid his right
when I had stood facing him and talk
ing to him, while with my hands be
hind my back I was taking a wax im
pression of the lock of the desk; and
he as unconscious cf It all as Tausig
himself; v,':"
there's nobody about then, and we
want to keep this thing dark till it's
done. Obermuller. mustn't get any
idea what we're up to. ... He
don't love you— no— for shaking him?"
"He's furious; '.wouldn't 'even say
good-by. I'm done for with him, any
way, I guess. But what could I do?"'
"Nothing.- my dear; nothing. You're
a smart little girl"," he chuckled. "Ta
ta!" ¦ "-v^ -. ! • -.
XIII.
Just what I'd been hoping for I don't
know, but I knew that my chance had
come that morning.
For a week I had been taikihg Ober
muller'8 comedy to Mason, the secre
tary. In the evenings I stood about in
thewingsand watched the Van Twil
ler company in "Brambles." There
was one fat role in it that I just ached
for, but I lost all that ache and. found
another, when I overheard two of the
women talking about Obermuller and
me'one night.
"He found her and made her," one of
'cm said; "just dug her out of the
ground. See what he's done for her;
taught her every blessed thing she
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
managing for himself— and ruining
himself."
"Well, he's all that yet Of course,
he has told me, and we agreed how. the
thing should be do.ne. As he'd write,
you know, he'd read the thing over to
me, and I — "
"Fine — fine! A reading from the fool
Obermuller would be enough to open
the eyes of a clever woman. I'd like to
read that comedy— yes?"
• "But Obermuller would never—"
"But Olden might—"
"Dictate the plot to my secretary.
Mason, in there," he nodded his head
back toward the inner /room. "She
could give him the plot And as much
of her own part in full as she could
remember. • You know Mason. Used
to be a newspaper man. Smart fellow,
that, when he's sober. He could piece
out the holes— yes?"
I looked at him. The little beast sat
there, slowly closing one eye and open
ing it again. He looked like an un
healthy little frog, with his bald head,
his thin-lipped mouth that laughed,
while the wrinkles rayed away from
3Copyright, 1904, by McClure, Phillips & Co.
C6"\ \ 7 ELL," said Mr. Hennessy; "th' labors iv th' con
\ y\ / vintions ar-re at an end !"
\f \f "If that's what ye call thim, they ar-re," said
* * Mr. Dooley. "As Hogan says, th' dimraycratic.
convintion labored an' brought forth a muss. Th' raypublican
convintion labored too, like a cash register. It listened to three
canned speeches, adopted a predigested platform, nommynated a
cold storage vice prisidint, give three espicially prepared cheers
an' wint home. Th' convintion's mind was all made up f'r. it
befure it met. They was a little too much make up, but who
cares fr that? Not so, th' dimmycratic mind. That's a good,
plain, unvarnished, freckled mind that is niver made up. • Not
that us dimmycrats haven't policies. We have more thin anny
body else. Th' attic iv ivry dimmycrat's house is filled with ol'
policies that he wanst used, policies that have faded, or punctured
a tire or broke a mainspring or been run over be a band wagon.
I often go up an' fon'dle me ol' policies an' think" Jv th' days
whin we thought free thrade was so becomin' an' th' income tax
an' th' silver question. I've .laid thim away in- lavender Hin
nissy. 'Tis no good bein' onfash-nable, only sometimes I object
to th' party wearin' th' castoff duds iv' th' raypublicans. Rather
thin that I'd see it go naked iv policies entirely f'r awhile an' thin
make itsilf < a suit iv clothes that bore no tailor's tag.
"But,. as I tol* ye, a dimmycrat has plinty iv principles that
he'll fight f*r, on'y they niver get into a dimmycratic, platform.
A dimmycrat" is a free an' indepindint citizen who thinks f'r
himsilf— wrong. A raypublican is a rich an' humble vassal who
gets others to think f'r him— right. Ye cud hold a raypublican
naytional convintion in a clothes closet but ye cudden't r-run an
orderly dimmycratic convintion in a forty-acre lot. There's a
thousan' red-hot convintions inside iv ivry dimmycratic convin
tion. Ivry man has some principle that he'd lay down his ' life
fr but wud prefer to lay down somebody else's life. That's why
.we niver get .a satisfacthry platform. .There isn't a platform in
; th' .wurruld wide enough fr two good dimmycrats to stand on
without crowdin'. So afther we've had our fights an' disturbed
th* peace thryin' to frame up something that will permit th' gin
tleman fr'm New York to speak iv th' gintleman fr'm Xeebrasky
in th' prisince iv ladies, we pass a risolution declarin' that th
raypublican platform is all wrong an' go out an' take our dacint,
complete lickin' like sogers. That is, some iv us who've niver
held office does. But a man who has held office a long time is
a raypublican anyhow.
"So, me boy, th' dimmycratic convintion was sthrongly to me
taste. Throuble an' merrymint fr'm th' dhrop of th' hat. Bands
playin', women screamin,' fists flyin,' lots of candydates, thou
sands iv platforms. Candydates, says I? Sure, ye'd think fr'm
th' spirit, iv th' thing that all th' man that got the nommynation
needed to do was to telly graft to th' White House to have th'
bed made up an' he'd take ham an' eggs fr breakfast in th f
mornin'. They ?was a candydate fr'm . ivry State an' county : th'
sage iv Esoopus, th' sage iv Princeton, th' sage iv Pike, Sage
Hearst, Sage Willums, Sage Cockran, Sage Murphy, Sage Mike
Padden, Sage Champ Clark, Sage Roger Sullivan, ivry sage excipt
Russell Sage. There was Sage Bryan, who wint around takin*
a kick at ivry other sage's vin'rable head an' there was Sage
Hill, who got Sage Bryan down an' fed most iv his wurruds, a
long an' ondigistible meal. Oh, it was fine. I wisht I'd been
there. Such enthusyasm ! . Th' chaplain delivered a r-ringin*
prayer an' th' con-vintion cheered itsilf hoarse. At th' mintion iv
th' name ov that grand ol' dimmycrat who has shtud be th*
party in time iv need always, or almost always, or three times
out iv a possible five, or 60 per cint — I refer to th' sage iv
Princeton— th' convintion arose as one man an' cheered f'r two
hours an' thirty-wan minyits. . •
"If in that lonely rethreat:to which he had retired to escape
th' heat iv battle an' th' discoords iv politics that vin'rable states
man did not hear this gloryous thribute iv his fellow dimmycrats
it was, Hinnissy, on'y because th' linemen had not quite finished
th' long distance tillyphorie conrtectin' th' lonely rethreat with th'
con-vintion hall. Akelly enthusyastic was th' rayciption iv th'
other sages. At th' mintion iv Sage Olriey's name, th' con-vin
tion cheered f'r two hours an' eight minyits. At th' mintion iv
th' name iv Cock'rill, th' air was rent with cheers lastin' f'r two
hours an' two minyits, mingled with cries iv, 'Who.' At th' min
tion iv th' name iv Willum R. Hearst, th' convintiorv. cheered as
one rayporther f'r th' Journal, f'r fr'm half j iv a sicond to nine
hours an' forty minyits, depindin' on what pa-aper ye r-read.
(Some pa-apers says jeered but niver mind that.) An' fin'lly
whin th' name iv th' peerless jurist, th' gr-reat statesman, -th*
renowned dimmycrat — a — Ah! Yes — Alton B. Parker, th' sage iv
Esoapus, was sprung, th' convintion rose again an' again cheered
as wan man. An' that man, Hinnissy, was me frind David B. Hill.
"Hinnissy, ye've heerd it said that ye can't keep a good
man down. Well, yp. can't keep anny kind iv a man down if
he's able at his job. Th' last I see iv David B. Hill was four
years ago whin he was lapin' out iv th' front dure at Kansas
City something less than a safe an' painless distance fr'm Wil
lum Jinnings Bryan's congress gaiter. Th' nex' I see iv David B.
Hill, he's gone ar-round th' back yard, climbed over th' fince,
let himsilf in th' cellar dure with a skeleton key, climbed up th'
dumb-waiter shaft an 1 is nailin' a pitcher in th' front window iv
a peerless dimmycrat leader who will lead us on to victhry that
I niver heerd iv before. An' where was me frind, Willum J.
Bryan all this time? Well, no sooner had he made sure that Hill
was chased off th' premises thin he left wurrud with th' hired men
that he wudden't be back befure mornin', locked th' dure, cocked
his hat on th' side iv his head an' wint down th' sthreet lookin'
Fr throuble. Where he didn't find any, he made some. Havin'
spint th' night crooly maulin' ivry ladin' dimmycrat who poked
his head out iv th' dure an' aven goin' so far as to break into
houses an' pull sleepy Palmer an' Buckner dimmycrats out be th'
ears, he comes home in th' mornin' a little th' worse f'r wear an'
finds, as I tell ye, ol' Hill nailin' up th' pitcher iv th' sage iv
What-d'ye-call-it. An' there ye ar-re. You can't keep Hill out
onless ye set up nights ye'ersilf. That there wicked man has been
politically dead thirty times that I raymimber an' whin th*
¦mourners' rayturned cheerin' an' gay fr'm th* fun'ral, they found
him settin' on th' durestep waitin' f'r thim with a gun. Sure, why
not? He don't do annjthlng else. Th' on'y time whin he seemed
properly dead was whin me frind th' sage iv Princeton set on his
grave. But there can't no lightweight keep down a man as
squirmy as that man.
"An' so there ye'ar-re. We've had a gran' time, we've
nommynated a glorious statesman, adopted a set iv splindid riso
lutions that will make manny a man r-rcad th' raypublican plat
form to see what's in it an' now we go back to our wtirruk an'
wait f'r th' day whin we ar-re voted. Afther all, th' gr-reat issue
befure th' American people nex' Novimber will be 'Ar-re there
more raypublicans thin dimmycrats or ar-re there not?'"
"D'ye think th' raypublican platform is a good wan?" asked
Mr. Hennessy.
"Th' raypublican platform is me frind Tiddy Rosenfelt," said
Mr. Dooley. "He's standin' on himsilf. It's a sthrong platform
but he may become too heavy f'r it."
"Well, Parker is a safe man, annyhow," said Mr. Hennessy.
"He is," said Mr. Dooley, "but I wisht some wan else had th*
combination besides Hill."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
MR. DOOLEY ON THE
POLITICAL SITUATION
4DOLORES MARLBOURG BACON,
who has done some stories for
the popular magazines and a
three-act comedy, makes in her
book called the "Diary of a~ Mu
sician" a revelation of artist mood and
motive, aspirations and despairs, un
pardonable but yet unpremeditated
deviltries, dangers to himself and
others, blisses arid bitternesaes, which
seems a half sympathetic and half
mocking study of a strange mixture of
angel and erratic animal who i was , a
musician with his identity purporting
to be concealed under the symbol of
the unknown quantity, "X."
His diary begins when he was a sim-
Jt Study in
Temperament
a a fTNHE Woman Errant" is the tl-
I tie of another book written
I by a woman, who for the
JL present only allows us to
know and like her by the substitute
for a pseudo, Barbara Evan, the com
muter's wife. She has already made
herself a favorite by writing a good
"garden book" describing the garden
of a commuter's wife and how to do
it, and also an "experience book"
called the "People of the Whirlpool";
and as this latest "The Woman Er
rant," is some chapters of the "won
der book of Barbara," which means
"of all the books of life wherein we
keep record of our pilgrimage the
wonder book is the one that is never
closed," we may look for more books
from Barbara.
They will be welcome if she does
them as well as the first chapters from
the "wonder book." What's the mean
ing of woman errant and what does
Barbara, by the whole drift of her
story, seem to give us as significance
which the expression she attempts to
coin is to pass as current equivalent
for? The woman errant is not exact-
Woman Errant
Is Non*Domestic
/ v4:fe
pie child living with poverty-oppressed
parents in Bohemia, and his life one
long sigh to get to Prague and be
trained to become a great musician.
Life has for him no present joy except
the dream of what the future may
hold. "Some day, perhaps!" his father
tells him, and the promise sings in his
mind perpetually, save only when the
refrain sinks in despair moods and he
cannot help thinking: "If some
one should «ay 'You may not go to
Prague,' I would fall dead." So- he
does dutifully the poor boys' everyday
duties that irk, and in semi-suppressed
Irritation and restlessness thinks he
may go mad, and wishes to kill some
thing or cut off his own flnsrers—
swears that he will kill something. <He
loves his father and resolves that some
day he will be. a father just like that.
His brother bores him and his sister,
with whom he has to sleep, he detests
as a lumpish thing who breathes heav
ily and sweats. The most princely lux
ury he dreams that wealth could give
him would be to have a pillow all his
own and all to himself. "
Later this pillow passion of his adol
escent dream has a pathetic develop
ment. When, away from home, a youth
green about all things save the music
he studies, remembering how melan
choly his father often was in the old,
poverty-smitten home, he imagines
his father's sadness might have been
partly the same pillowlesa sadness of
his childhood deprivation. His dear
father never had a pillow all to him
self. "There was always a woman and
a child between him and that haDPi
ness." So he resolves to save the money
of a meal done without every day till
it amount to the price of a bed and a
pillow to send home as a present to hia
beloved father.
Belonging in the middle of this pil
low story there is another pillow story
of like . origin— but this is a romantic
one— a tale of the musician boy's first
love— amusing, too— let us listen to the
beats of the boy's heart: There is a
girl there in his class, pale, passionate,
half-sick, studious, interesting, pains
taking, having much of talent, but
more of adoration of the ' tal
ents of others. Her the boy
loves without ' fully comprehend
ing yet what love is. His father
had told him there would be beautiful
women ; in the city— radiant like the
sun; but the .similitude does not ap
peal to him— he dreams that a silvery,
moonlight ; lady would alone be . lovely
, In his | hope of paradise. | This girl is
something that way. He calls her
Twilight. The girl beholds the rising
sun of the boy's talent and adores it
and him. When she is ailing he visits
her. in her room and holds her hand.
He observes that she is often sad.
Sympathetically he seeks in his mind
for a possible cause; ¦ he remembers
that thef worst part of his poverty
days was pillowlessness, '', the greatest
luxury of lightening fortune was to
have a bed ; and a pillow all his own;
perhaps the poor girl was oppressed as
his childhood was— her nights sleepless
and sad because she had to try to
sleep beside some one who lay lump-
lshly and breathed heavily and sweat.
He postponed the y purchase of his
father's pillow. His father could wait,
for he had waited long and had got
used to waiting. So he saved his sup
per money and learned to love to go
supperless to bed for love of the Twi
light girl. At last he sent her the bed
and pillow anonymously. She divined
the donor, and coming down to the
conservatory thanked him frankly.
She did not care so much about the
separate pillow, but it pleased her
mightily that the bov cared so much
for her. He did not stop starving a
meal a day, however, until he had
bought his father a separate bed and
pillow to be all his own.
This was the musician's first love,
but not his first experience of being
loved. That is another story of artis
tic temperament. The peasant women
round his father's home did not please
the boy's eyes. He wondered that wo
men should be called fair. Looked at
from front or rear they appeared to
him to be too square. From a side
view they seemed as if Providence had
fastened cushions on them in unseemly
places. The miller's daughter took a
fancy to him. When he came with the
family grist she went a quarter to
meet him and insisted on carrying his
sack and talking to him. When he sat
down by the millrace she sat beside
him. He threw rocks in the stream,
looked at the birds and leaves, but not
at her, for lie liked her not She
pressed her foot against his and gig
gled.
Then she kissed him aloud. The
adolescent artist rose in wrath, and,
being stronger than she, beat her. He
did it with a shingle which he found
lying handy. Did it with the shingle
until the shingle broke. Then he did
it with a little plank. The little plank
broke also.
Later the youth fett sad about what
he had done. But his regret was more
of malicious remorse than of pure pen
itence. He was not satisfied with the
amount of pain he had given the mill
girl, for he feared she was too fat to
feel. He went home and told his
father what the girl did to him and
what he did to the girl. That confi
dant told him confidently that a very
fat girl could not be very much hurt
by that method. So the boy artist
day-dreamed of meeting the mill girl
in some hereafter when she should
have grown lank and lean enough to
feel with stinging poignancy a shingle
or a little plank.
Very good in the telling of what the
artist nature is are the accounts of the
absented-mtndedness, the absorption,
the transport to other-where of these
superlative doers when they are doing
their finer things. When the boy first
leaps to the vantage ground from which
he can command fortune and fame he
is on the stage but forgets it, stares at
the audience but sees It not, compels
applause but hears it not: the begin
nings of his own music gradually bear
him away to his father's home, and the
memory of that father's fondness grows
sweeter and sweeter as he plays on
arid on— until asleep to his surround
ings he awakes in oth»r- where and
story well told by a personality we like
to listen to Just^ partly for the linger
compelling pull "of, the personal touch
itself; and if we take the point' of view
that possibly Ivory Steele lived out her
life correctly because of the peculiar
ambitious nature she was born endow
ed with, yet was there in it the in
terest of a heart-wring thwarting both
to herself and that persistent lover who
lost the love-half of his life because she
had promised the dreams of his youth
that which the wealth of her woman
hood was not whole enough, to be able
to give.
For consideration of the general
question of non-domestic woman there
are some sentences worth culling. Here
is one from, the doctor who gave the
definition of the woman errant: Says
Barbara: "No man that lives gives
woman a truly higher place than fath
er, yet from his rich experience none
better knows the Indisputable actuality
of her nerve limits, whose fount is
identical with the form of her exist
ence." In a letter from "Anne, wife of
Aqulla Truesdale, professor of soci
ology," occurs this quotation: "With
woman the permanence of the broader
training that fits for the higher "pro
fessions can never be relied upon, and
therefore is of little consideration. As
long as she is the Matrix of the race,
"when her hour strikes she must yield
or suffer, for nature forbids the double
strain." ../•..
After all, about books on this phase
of the woman Question, whether they
be in fiction form, or treatise deep on
philosophy, physiology, or sociology—
anent the body or the soul of the thing
—are they not but either sensibly cor
roborative of, or futllely fencing
against, what has been definitely set
tled forever by Tennyson when he
wrote the Princess? That deliverance
sounds as if it were the decision of
some supernal Supremest Court, writ
ten by the hand of a divinely chosen
Chief Justice; and all special made to
move us romantically to its acceptance
because the message comes in sweet
est music, and presses true philosophy
deep home upon our hearts in all the
persuading power of truth when it ut
ters itself in poem.
(The Macmlllian Company, New
York, 11 50.)
ly a feminine, modern progress pro
duction having the medieval knight
errant for prototype, although there is
a little of that sometimes in the mo
tives, which are mixed. Neither is
the woman errant what Is meant DV
the current term an erring woman,
but that she is a woman who errs Js
evidently the ocinion of "the author.
The girl who is the woman errant of
the story did not baptize herself by
that title, but the thing happened
thus; She started to tell Bradford, a
university professor of literature,
what she was, "I am" — (here the soft
voice hesitated for a word— "a woman
errant," said Bradford. So the name
donated by the professor of literature
to the woman who hesitated about her
designation stuck, and to learh its full
significance means jio less than read
ing: Barbara's book. • ¦ ~. '.
After the girl lived through her er
rantry till the issues of life have made
definite show-up, Horace Bradford is
cornered in intellectual company and
deliberately challenged by Barbara to
define what he meant by the term
"woman errant"; "for the term has
haunted me of late and the people to
whom it is applied seem so widely dif
ferent. Is it a woman who works,
who goes out to get her living, or is
it a trite name for a pose?" Bradford
is embarrassed by the difficulty of put
ting his meaning into the form of ex
act words and can only say: "It Is a
subtle condition that I mean, rather
than a pose." Then he refers the
term for interpretation to Dr. Russell,
who is Barbara's father, "a country
physician of culture and experience,
also a bookworm." Bradford stipu
lates, "It most certainly contains no
strictures upon the workers of life."
"No, not upon work," said Dr. Rus
sell, "for love and work are our justifi
cation for existence, coupled with the
faith that makes either possible. Yes,
'fide, amore, labore,' that is the posi
tive trinity of life. It is not the doing
but the way of it that marks the
distinction to me. The woman errant,
God help her, it seems to me, is she
who either from choice, hazard or ne
cessity seeks a cause outside the pro
tecting wall of her natural affections!"
The- particular woman errant whom
the author has chosen chiefly to
delineate and give a name to the type
is Ivory Steele. An apt name, for
she Is morally as white as ivory, in
heart, as cold as steel and in intellect
like a rapier "made of the finest tem
per of that metal. She despises the
prospects of domesticity, and evidently
to the heart of Barbara, who is a
hearth lover dedicating her book to
some certainly adored, but merely
Initialed "Brave Home Maker," the
Ivory steel girl is a barbarous breaker
of hearts and' preventer of home
happiness that might be but for her
perverse vagaries of "all is vanity"
ambition. It was the "way of her
doing It" that marks the distinction
of this woman errant from those who
are non-domestic, but not because of
such love-life challenging choice. She
had a father amply able and lovingly
willing to provide for her at home;
she had a mother who needed her at
tendance and companionship; she had
a most worthy lover .whom she ac
cepted, but put off from year's end to
year's end until it virtually amounted
to refusal; she declined to live in com
panionship with the girls who ad
mired her and proffered to dwell with
her. All this because the pride of
being independent and the call of a
possible clever career was the su
preme appeal to her nature.
Thus the author shows us a type
of woman she dubs the woman errant
who must not be taken as an example
to prove that the home renouncers are
wholesalely wrong as a class. , i
Aside from its treatment of what are
the sensible limits of woman's sphere,
the book has much of the interest of a
find It
As long as men live will the mystery
of Queen Mary return again and again,
with the certain periodicity of spring
and winter, to haunt both mind and
heart. The witchery" begins with the
very mention cf the name of "Mary,
Queen of Scots," and we wonder why
she lives so. securely in history as
"Queen of Scots" rather than Queen of
Scotland. Manhood's imagination in
its flight of leal longing for the re
demption cf all that is most fair in
¦womanhood, out and up from the en
tanglements of all that is befouling in
the selfish sin-touch of man's woman
mastering: love, must hope to hail,
somewhere and somewhen, on loyal
bended spirit knee, this earth stained
sovereign, lifted up till there is left of
her angel only. Here we instinctively
feel that ehe will still delight in calling
herself, and by "divine right," too,
"Mary, Queen of Scots," reigning in
her purifled and nobler self over the
hearts of the Scottish people long after
turbulent, brave, beautiful, cruel Scot
land has gone back to the chaos out of
which her pardoning Creator called It.
And not the men of Scotland only, by
birth or by descent, but the chosen men
of all races and all ages will eagerly
seek to be. in some chivalrous sense,
subjects loyal and loving, by adoption,
of "Mary, Queen of Scots!" So her
etory fascinates us forever.
Hewlett's story is not of the whole
of her life, but only that part of it
which he calls "the six years' tragedy."
It begins with her coming from France
and her girlish widowhood from the
invalid bey, Francis, to attempt to rule
over her own turbulent Scots.*. It takes
her through the soul-warping stress of
her marriage with Lord Darnley;
.through all the entanglements of her
affection for her favorites who adored
her; and thence through all the ter
rible consequences of her full blown
woman's passion for the ambitious but
unworthy Bothwell. When that is all
over, then his voice ceases to tell her
history, for it is this fragment has ap
pealed to him as the most important
in her life. So out of the records of
this period he extracts the "quair" —
the little heart-book of the Queen.
When the doors of Holyrood Pal
ace closed forever against her who
had reigned there as Queen of Scots
IT was not without the warrant of
literary wisdom that Maurice
Hewlett, saill persistent to avoid
being that "has been" which is
"to hang, quite out of fashion like a
rusty nail," and to hold continuously
his high rank in the realm of English
letters, chose for the subject of a new
essay a conquest in that field wherein
he moves to our imagination as a
bright-mailed champion knight, a ro
mantic historical novel fetched from
the fountain source of the heart -life
of Mary. Queen of Scots.
He calls it "The Queen's Quair," and
as that term sounds, queer and query
challenging to most of us who are not
adepts in the interpretation of archaic
phrase, first and foremost we should
seek for light on the name of the thing
to which this knight of romance writ
ing would have us lend a loving ear.
A "quair" is a little book — that's as
easy as consulting any complete dic
tionary, but in the case of this
"Queen's Quair" there is much more
to it than Just that. This overplus
needs explaining:, and our author does
it very prettily. "In one such a cer
tain King wrote fairly the tale of his
love business." This certain King was
.a Stuart ancestor of that romantic
Scottish Queen who stands forever be
fore the imagination of all chivalric
manhood as the most fascinating: and
most questioning question mark that
¦was ever incarnate in a fair woman's
form. "Here," says Hewlett, "in this
other, I pretend to show you all the
tragic error, all the pain, known only
to her that moved in it." But how?
we readers wonder, if "known only to
her." Listen close to his sentence tell
ing how he does it: "But the whole of
it lay in her heart, and to know her
Is to hold the key of that." So — and
sincerely so, he seeks to read the "rid
dle of the Sphinx" and unravel the
"mystery of Queen Mary." "Suppose
her hand had been at this pen; sup
pose mine had turned that key; there
might have resulted The Queen's
Quair. 1 Certainly we must say that
method is a sovereign one, provided
only human genius has the strength to
let love-sure intuition make up the
missing links between the correctness
of old records and what that suffering
and sinning heart of hers held secret
locked and hid the key where none
but those who loved her might ever
and she was roughly borne away on
the long ride to the picturesque island
stronghold, Lochleven Castle, there to
be Scotland's captive, we venture to
say that hour is the supreme crisis of
her life. It was then thai, the crash
came, the falling into irrevocable ca
tastrophe of all the hopes and ex
pectations that a woman once crown
ed and throned both over a .material
kingdom and the empire of men's ad
miration might have held treasuredly
in her heart.. After that the tragedy
of her life but descends slowly like
the music of tolling bells through the
misery and repentanVe of long im
prisonment to the time of her laying
her fair face on the headsman's block.
So in that momentous Journey from
Holyrood Palace to Lochleven Castle
we see Mary pass from the heaven of
life's hope to the hell of life's de
spair, and as the beauty of those two
famous places stamps them upon the
memory of their pictured' semblances,
imagination goes back and .watches
Mary pass from her palace to" her
prison and Inwardly we weep for all
the wall-stuff that was woven into her
life, pray for the wiping away of all
sin with which she may have stained
her soul.
It is with tr; summons to leave
Holyrood Palace and hastily prepare to
start for Lochleven Castle — with the
closing of her palace door, that Hew
lett's book closes. In a last scene he
shows us how Mary realized when too
late that the boy lover, who gave up
his life for her in fighting to save
the incriminating: casket which con
tained the records of her guilty pas
sion for Bothwell, had in his heart
what might have been one of the most
precious treasures of her life. He tells
dramatically of how her love for
Bothwell misspent itself, and of how,
when her desire was dead, she re
fused his kiss, saying, "your lips are
foul — you have kissed too many." But
before this he tells in his own mas
terful way of how this man had fas
cinated her. She is in the sick' room
with her husband, Darnley. She had
learned to loathe him for his mind
and morals, and now she loathes him
fully because his body has become
foul to fit the spirit that dwelt In it.
She is writing a letter in this sick
room. She plays passionately with a
crucifix, and mixes the adoration of it
with the damning of this letter, which
is a love one to Bothwell.
But listen to her own words, and to
those of Hewlett's comment: "Once,
after a frenzy of penmanship, she
held out her hands to it (the crucifix)
in protest; then reverently took it up
and kissed it, to sanctify so the words
she was writing: 'The good year send
us that God knit us together forever
for the most faithful couple that ever
he did knit together.' Paris (Both
well's servant) knew very well to
whom. she wrote so fully, who was to
read this stained, passionate letter, ill
scrawled on scraps of old paper,
scored v/ith guilt, blotted with shame
ful tears, loving, repentant, willful,
petulant, unspeakably loyal and ten
der, all by turns." That is Mary in a
paragraph.
(The Macmillan Company, New
York. II 50.)
The Heart Book
°f Queen Mary
makes the music for his father only;
that father who had helped him so de
votedly to his desire — who had prom
ised to his yearning: boyliood Prague.
Success, paradise — "some day — some
time"; so he makes the music say that
Success, paradise — "some day — some
time," and the audience know not
where the soul of the musician is. but
he lifts them away up enraptured with
his art, and when, in cessation he lets
them down to earth again, the applause
says that the "some day — some time"
so lovingly promised and so coerclngly
called is come at last, and that the
pupil is proclaimed a master.
Now let us note the inspiration of ths
tuxt victory of the young musician. It
is in Vienna. His talent 13 recognized;
he is expected to do fine things; his au
dience i3 the elite of the land; his sun
has arisen; and his inspiration now is
a sun woman — one of those women,
bright, brilliant, beautiful, whom hi3
father had told hl3 boyhood dwelt far
away in splendor in splendid cities.
This is his second triumph and in it he
sees only the sun- woman, diamond
decked, shining shouldered, brightly
smiling, and he plays for her alone.
This second Inspiration, absorption,
transport, wins again; and while the
world wonders whence the music came
the artist knows it is the Countess
Alexelevna- In hla diary he wrote this:
"To touch that Russian woman's hand
I would give all but that single moment
of my life."
So much for the good that sun wom
en do; now let us consider the shadow
sadness that errant genius In combina
tion with sun women cast3 upon Its
own and other lives. "Where was the
twilight girl when the artist thrilled
delighted throngs, but saw the sun
woman only and played ror her alone?
The pillowless girl for whom the aspir
ing youth had starved to provide a bed.
pure white linen pillowed, luxuriously
clean and all her own. She Is sick now
and seems to need a pillow and a bed
more than all else. But the good God
knows that If the love once given to the
twilight girl had not left her, drawn
away by the sun woman, or If it would
come back before it was all too late,
then could she leave that fevered pil
low, dearly pressed even in pain with
dear memories, <as certainly as if the
Son of God had said, "Arise, take up
thy bed and walk." She dies maiden
pure on the pillow gift of a genius-gift
ed boy's first love. Not so the sun
woman. The artist records the death in
his diary thus: "Josef told me. He
said, 'What are you made of?* He
thinks me hard and cold. "Why, I am
as soft as a little child; If my father
should break his arm I could never play
again. I am burning with fever. With
Alexeievna living, who mourns for
Ludmila dead?" Luc! mil a was the
name of the twilight girl.
It Is interesting to note why the ar
tist nature came to hate this Alexe
ievna. It is a little bit redeeming of
deviltry. She stayed with him and
away from her husband; that did not
worry the musician nor any way dim
the dazzling of the sun woman. She
stayed away from her dying child
through coward fear of contagion. The
artist begs her to go, but she dares
not. The hereafter^ name for her In
his diary is "Hyena," and he hate3
the fair thing which he had held away
from husband and child, calling the
dalliance Heaven.
Dolores Bacon does not comment on
this diary she edits; she Just gives
you the diary to read, mark, and in
wardly digest. Be it imagination's
creature or a study from the life of a
single character, or a composite drawn
from many she knew and knew of,
the study Is good of an artistic tem
perament too much mixed with good
and evil, where the evil was willfully
let be preponderant, to rise to mas
tery more than mediocre. He played
in gratitude for his father's fondness,
and made his art fine thereby: he fed
and no doubt richly nourished his
growing genius on the love of the,
twilight girls; he leapt from adolei
cence to manhood's love and achieve
ment under the spell -of the inspira
tion of one of the sun women whom
his father's words had made hia boy
hood day-dream about; but his sun
woman .was not wisely chosen, and so
the music he made for her was falsely
fine; and we find nothing in the lines,
nor between the lines, of all the diary
to intimate that he ever attempted in
any measure to make his music a lit
tle return "gift to the great giver of
genius. If his love story t had been
different would the story of his art
have amounted. to more? If he had
held to the love of the twilight girl
who died on the pillow which was
his first love-gift, would the gods have
given him more genius, and made of
her a true sun woman?
(Henry Holt & Co.. New York;
$1 50 net.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALU
WITH THE WRITERS
AND THE BOOLMAKERS
5work. Perhaps that is one reason why
Adam and Eve went wrong in the
beautiful Garden of Eden, because they
really did not have enough to do, and
when by divine fiat they were driven
out and compelled to begin a life of
toil this apparent curse was to prove
ultimately a blessing to them and to
their long line of descendants. Men
differ in their capacity to sing and
paint and orate, but the one tie that
binds humanity together Is its ability
to work. And when one ceases to work
he ceases to grow;' He begins to de
generate and becomes like the ower
animals.
This being the case, joy. ought to gp
with work as naturally as song floats
from the mouth' of a bird., To, think
that day by day we are bringing some
thing to pass, adding to the useful
products of the world, realizing our
best selves in things tangible, . adding
to the sum total of things actually
done, "is an immense Inspiration. And
to do things well, even if they be me
chanical tasks, to give a fine finish
to the product, to eliminate every mark
of haste and carelessness— that is ; an
other source of happiness. Talking
with 'the motorman on the front plat
form the other evening, I was glad to
hear him say, "For nine years I have
been in this business, and I have never
had any accident. It is only careless
fellows that have accidents." Certain
ly, he had the artist's pride in his work,
tedious and taxing as it is.
And another foundation ' of \ Joy : in
Then, too, we may know that aside
from the returns to our own kin we are
making existence more tolerable for a
wider circle. Our fidelity and skill and
persistence constitute* a contribution
to the ori-golng of humanity. We may
never know who will use the utensil
which we make or who will be bene
fitted by the sale over the counter or
how all this humdrum typewriting aids
the progress of the kingdom of God,
but nothing is i truer than that the
faithful labor of every worker is need
ed''in this modern world^ to drive the
wheels of civilization and move for
ward the car of . !
Whatever you are doing,- then, com
pel it to pay. a tribute of. happiness to
you'day by day. Something more con
genial may come by: and by, but while
you are -manifestly, put where you are
and while others may be depending on
you, work - not like a galley . slave but
like a free, man and a Christian. La
boring in -this spirit you will find all
the sweeter the more ample leisure, the
more delightful surroundings and the
greater . , good fortune which in God's
providence may be yours by ami by.
work is the thought that our work adds
to the comfort and happiness of others.
What an exquisite satisfaction the hus
band and father may find even in hard
manual toll because the labor of his
hand Is day by day transmuted into
bread and meat for the ones- whom
loves most -of all in the world. One
can endure long hours and unpleas
ant surroundings if happy little faces
dance before one's vision in the midst
of the smoke of the foundry and the
whir of the factory.
3^ HIS is the new evangel and Presi
dent Eliot of Harvard is its
prophet. Repeatedly in public
addresses of late he has sought
to show that the fundamental question
with every worklngman is not one of
wages or hours or holidays or environ
ment—Important though all those as
pects of the case are — but one of per
sonal happiness in work and of pro
moting through work the happiness of
others.
This is not the easiest of all proposi
tions to prove to-day. The derisive
laughter which its first enunciation
evoked among the laborers who heard
it shows how unpalatable a truth it is.
The movement of our age is in another
direction. We are all concerned prima
rily with the effort to obtain more ease,
leisure and creature comforts. We
look upon work simply as a means to
that end and we want to do just as lit
tle work a3 possible and to win as
much reward as we can. To those who
tend a, machine all day long there
seems to be a wide chasm between
the work done by such professional
men as President EUot and their own.
And we all have frankly to, admit that
if one must work he would rather
choose his post of duty thab have it
assigned to him. > \
But, after all. 'President Eliot is
right, both historically and philosoph
ically. History shows and observation,
confirms the fact that the happiest
people are the.buslest ones, and that In
the long run idleness conduces. to mb
roseness. Moreover, man was made to
By ; tine Parson
JOY IN WORK
shoulders. "And, Miladi, I love you."
Miss Churchill took the girl into her
arms and kissed her.
"But I'm not more to you, Gloria,
than Jose Rubino."
"I love you, Miladi."
Miss Churchill walked rapidly to and
fro. She looked at the girl and kissed
her again. The situation made her
desperate. It was a chance, and he
might be shot at any moment.
"Gloria, if you do this you shall have
a hundred American dollars, and you
and Jose may be with me always. But
can I "
"Miladi," said the girl quickly, "don't
think of me. I love Jose now, but I
have had other lovers."
She spoke with an air of pride that
left Miss Churchill smiling.
"Oh, I see. Poor Jose. You will re
ward him."
"Certainly. Miladi."
To Gloria's eyes Miss Churchill saw
she was like an angel and Jose only
like a lover.
"And, besides, we can't marry with
out money, Miladi." the girl continued.
"You shall have money— just for the
offer, Gloria. And. Gloria— send him—
send him. But, Gloria "
She remembered what she had read
that morning of Bates' engagement to
the horrible widow.
"Yes, Miladi."
"No one must know that I ever
made you do it Swear by the Christ
there, over the cathedral door."
"I swear, Miladi." . *.£
"Send him, then. Gloria," Miss
Churchill said quickly. ;*'^ V J
"Oh, what have I done!" she cried,
when the girl had gone.
The tumult had died. Rumor had
it the fight was going the President's
way. Forsyth, the Consul, was busy
and nervous. Anglo-Saxon interests
were in his hands. But he had only
the sentiment the flags t inspired and
no war vessel to enforce his demands.
Miss Churchill,' standing on the con
sulate balcony, saw a wild-eyed priest
come out of the cathedral and raise
his hands high, 'While a crowd of poor
folk thronged about him. His voice
was raised in deep earnestness.
"For the God of peace bringeth bat
tle, 1 and the God of battle peace. And
lo, he is one God, the God of all na
tions."
A messenger ran . into the office of
the consulate.
"The American cruiser Triton is in
the harbor." • -
"Thank God!" cried the Consul.
"We will have a Scotch on that, Ren
dell." ......
. In the servants', quarters Gloria was
talking to her lover, the little Sergeant
Rubino.
"The Virgin be thanked, Jose mine,
that you are not shot The English
Miladi— what a fool is she to think I
¦would send you out to to get a bullet.
But we have our marriage portion.
Jose, mine. Ah, these fools of Eng
lish."
The boyish ensign who commanded
the bluejackets that patrolled the
streets of San Fernandez was in the
salon of the English Consulate that
evening. And there , -were Christopher
Bates and his friend. Mr. Niles. and
Lady Rendell and the others. The lit
tle ensign was quite your hero, though
he did not consider himself at all. He
had made a little charge and cleared
the streets, and lo, the rebellion had
ceased, as if by magic — the magic be
hind the good ship Triton's guns.
Miss Churchill was fidgeting and
went out on the veranda, where the
moon streamed peacefully and senti
mentally. ;':» Y
What if she knew? What if Gloria
had told?
Bates followed her.
"It's odd, isn't it— our meeting here?"
"Very."
"And all this little fiasco of a rebel
lion."
"Quite ridiculous and interesting. But
how could you leave Mrs. Chester io
long?" she asked.
•You read that?"
"Yes, and I congratulate you."
"And I you — on yours."
"Oh, do you, do you? Thank you. 1 *
It was very hot. What if Gloria had
told? What if he knew how she had
fainted?
"But "
"Well?"
"It was only a newspaper report,
Louise, and I am down here on
the Brunnhilde. I heard you had brok
en with Wharton, and I wish to heaven
those chaps had shot me, if you ar«
going to send me away," the young fel
low blurted out.
She turned to him and put both her
hands In his.
"Christopher Bates, you are the very
nicest rnxson I know — and — and — ah.
what makes you make me tell you?
Yes. I do love you, and I have been bo
miserable." . •
That night Gloria asked her mlstrwa:
"And the marriage portion. Miladi?"
"Gloria." Miss- Churchill cried, "you
shall have a thousand American dollars
—not a hundred— and the prettiest wed
ding San Fernandez can furnish."
"You are an angel." quoth Gloria;
and she told it all over to the Sergeant
Rubino in high glee.
So. through the rebellion of Mende*
were there two love affairs brought to
their proper end. and President Gon
zales ruled in San Fernandez until he
decamped with the treasury. Sine*
that occurrence he has rtsided.*in Paris.
And then, after some "moments, she
wont on *
"You love him." She forgot herself.
"Yes, Gloria."
"I knew it Miladi, as I love Jose
Rubino, who is here."
"How came he here, when ¦ 1"
"Humph! Miladi, Jose would be shot
for no President— only for me. He ran
away; but, Miladi "
"Yes."
"I can send him back tq the prison.
He has the keys to a little back gate,
and he can get them here."
"He can— but he does not want to be
shot!" Miss Churchill cried in won
der. K .
"It would be for me— not for a Presi
dent," said the girl, shrugging her
"They can't get to the prison, dear
est, but it wilji only be a kittle time.
Don't worry, only lie still until you get
your nerves together; that's a good
girl. I will leave Gloria to look after
you for a few moments."
Miss Churchill tried to lie. still after
her sister had gone, then suddenly the
organ pealed from the cathedral above
the noise.
"They are praying in there, Miladi."
Gloria said. "The church its crowded
Vlth people who are afraid."
"Bertie has no more tact than a por
cupine or he would have known—"
"What?"
"What I know, my dear. But he is
all right, dear. They wouldn't dare
hurt them."
"And James Forsyth hasn't got them
out?" the girl, asked.
prison, expecting every moment to be
shot, as we have seen It done to twenty
other prisoners. We ask your protec
tion. CHRISTOPHER BATES."
- "The old chap thought that, if they
are as they represent themselves, we
would pull down his old* town about
his ears. I knew you would know the
writing. And it's that fellow Bates.
Extraordinary, by Jove!"
And then Miss Churchill knew no
more, for she had fainted. When she
came to herself she was on her own
bed and Lady Rendell was holding her
hands and giving her salts/ while
Gloria, deep sympathy in her dark
eyes, was fanning her. From outside
came the noise of tumult.
"What is all that noise?"
"They are fighting in the streets."
"Oh, I remember, and — " J
Miss Churchill sighed, gave the gir..
some silver, and went to her room with
a headache.
A few days after there came rumors
of an uprising of a certain Mendez
against the President's authority, and
then with the suddenness of a tropical
storm came the events of the drama,
which Miss Churchill was never to for
get.
She heard of it first at breakfast. The
army of the rebellion, led by two Eng
lish adventurers, were at the gates of
the old walled town, and even now she
heard the roaring of cannon. She
clapped her hands.
"Why, this will be a jolly— a real
siege."
"You'll be safe here." said the Consul,
a fair-haired man of 40. He was a
widower, and had felt for some time
that he was sure to fall in love with
this interesting woman.
"Oh, yes, we are quite safe, quite
safe," Lord Rendell said, with perfect
faith In the flag that waved above
him.
"Still, I should like to have an Eng
lish or American ship in the harbor,"
Lady Rendell remarked.
"Why, Mary, they don't do anything;
just run about and shout a great deal.
I have heard all about it," Miss
Churchill put in.
"I have warned the President." said
Forsyth, "and he has a wholesome re
spect for our guns."
"Oh, Louise," Lord Rendell remark
ed. "I was looking over the last Amer
ican paper and I saw the engagement
of that fellow Bates to the little widow.
Funny things, these American 'Society
Notes.' "
Rendell dearly liked to tease his sis
ter-in-law, who said nonchalantly, "Oh,
indeed." but she leaned low over the
coffee.
The cathedral bell began to toll, ac
centuating the roll of guns, while cries
from the street reached them.
"I have much to do,; 1 Forsyth said,
rising; "much. So I must be going.
You all must keep close to the house."
A. servant at this moment appeared
at the door.
"Pardon. Excellency, his Highness,
the President, to see your Excellency."
"Wonder what the old duffer wants
of me— our protection, perhaps." "
'And he went out to his office, Ren
dell following him. The ladies at the
window saw a little row of soldiers and
the President's carriage.
Presently Rendell returned, all ex
citement.
"Forsyth is acting for Blunt, the
American Consul, in his absence," he
said. "The President doesn't want to
offend us, you may fancy. He has cap
tured three men and purposes to shoot
them because he thinks they are two
Englishmen who are directing Men
dez's army. Now, this is the most ex
traordinary coincidence."
Lord Rendell lacked tact to the su
premest degree. "Do you recognize the
writing?" and he handed Lady Rendell
a piece of dirty paper.
"Let me see," said Miss Churchill,
looking over her sister's shoulder, and
then she grew pale.
"It's very like Kit Bates' writing.
Yes, it's his signature."
"Yes, it is," cried Lady Rendell.
They had read:
"To the American or English Consul
—We are two Americans, landed from
the yacht Brunnhilde, New York Yacht
Club, at Point del Norte. We did not
know of the disturbances and were ar
rested as two Englishmen engaged in
ttv rebellion and are now lodged in
(Copyright by S. S. MeClure Company.)
f|^HE EARL OF RENDELL was
I one of the globe-trottins race,
I and when, through his marriage
JL with Miss Mary Churchill of New
Tork, his estate was restored, he was
enabled to gTatify to a nicety every
whim In this direction. The Ren
dells went from Dan to Beersheba, and
so it chanced that they turned up «t
San Fernandez during those events
that are now a matter of the spas
modic historv of that Central Ameri
can republic. Lady Rendell was ac
companied by her sister. Miss Louise
Churchill, lately engaged to Stephen
Wharton of Baltimore; by his man,
Simpson, and Lady ChurcTiill's maid,
•who fell ill of the fever and whose
services were supplemented by those
of a Spanish-American girl called
Gloria- The English Consul at San
Fernandez happened to be at this time
the Right Hon. James Forsyth, who
vas a warm friend of the Earl, and
the party put up at the consulate.
This building faces the cathedral,
dating from the seventeenth century,
and containing some excellent relics of
Epanish colonial times and a very good
organ. That organ woke Miss Church-
UI at dawn and put her to sleep at
Bight. The organist seemed to be al
ways playing and the people always at
their devotions.
San Fernandez is in every way a fine
example of old New Spain— its streets,
its varied population, its queer little
soldiery, its court, that of the Presi
dent Benor Don Jose Gonzales, who
had established himself through a suc
cessful revolution. Lady Rendell had
met the President's wife in Paris, and
so she called on her, and the Senora
Gonzales was pleased to return the call,
and the ladies saw much of society
In a €panish -American capital. Then
they wandered about the place and
collected things.
But Louise Churchill, for reasons of
her own, was not in the best of spirits.
The truth of the matter was that she
had been fond of a certain Christopher
Bates, who had flirted atrociously with
a certain widow, and to spite him she
had engaged herself to Stephen Whar
ton, as is sometimes the way with
young women. At once she found she
had been spiting herself, and she never
felt this eo much as when, coming into
the consulate one day from the cool
recesses of the cathedral, ehe heard
aa ehe entered some passages of the
old comedy.
The girl Gloria was talking to a lit
tle man in a sergeant's uniform, Miss
Churchill understood Spanish very well,
and in narrating this little drama I
will make no distinction between
tongues. She heard the little sergeant:
"Gloria, mine!" (
"Ah, Jose Rubino, was the song un
der my window last night for Ther
esa?"
"The little coquette!" thought Miss
Churchill.
"There are Theresas and Theresas."
Rubino replied, fervently; "but of Glo
rias "
"But one, I suppose," said the girl.
At this Rubino tried to get her hand,
but she pushed him away, and seeing
Miss Churchill she became very de
mure, while Rubino hastened out of
the door.
"Your lover. Gloria V Miss Church
ill - said.
"He thinks he is, senorita. But who
know?? yet he is a good fellow and
very prominent He has charge of the
cuard at the^ gjagn^
THE :-SAN.- ; FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL 1 .
A COMEDY
OF REBELLION
6ever thought .you that klvi of a girl!
I had a* feeling that things were differ
ent with us,- that we almost understood
each other 1 — such a conceited fsol is a
man in love! It is for seeming to think
so poorly of you that I want to be for
given."
She turned on him a dazzling smile.
"I forgive you,", she said. "And
won't you .have a sandwich? The water
is nearly boiled."
Promptly he took— not the sandwich,
but the hand that proffered it, also its
mate.
After a perceptible lapse of time the
girl said softly: "But I never could,
if you'd believed it the housemaid:
What did you expect, sir? 13 a girl to
be kissed by a man who's never even
said he loves her, and not say she's
angry? Anyway, you've missed your
train."
"Some day there'll be another." h«
answered comfortably.
;?:#-/- '^*- ;:;• . • • •¦•"..¦¦• .'-¦
They rowed back side by side in the
man's boat, towing the other, whose
oars had mysteriously disappeared.
"Queer, about those oars!" reflected
the man half way across.
- "I— I dropped them overboard when
I went to get the tea basket," said a
very small voice. "I was afraid you'd
start to go."
Here they stopped again, for the av
.erage rowboat i3 disinclined to move
without some assistance.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
''Yes. it was a lie,'" he . said misera
bly. *'I knew perfectly well it was
you. It's hardly likely. 1 should mis
take any one for you, Bess. I was Just
loving 'you vefy v hard, and the moon
was in the wrong quarter or something
and mv head swam — and then it was
over with. When I said \I thought it
was \the maid it was Just a desperate
attempt to make it. easier when*I saw
how hurt you were. Above all. Bess,
don't imagine for instant that I
you cry!* Anyway, as long as we are
.having a final . straightening up I'm
going to finish- the nasty business.
When I told you last night that I made
a mistake, that I thought It was one
of the housemaids, I told you a lie.
There. Now I - suppose it is up * for
good!"
'.'A lie ! Then you ' did ' know ? You
did mean— but really, Mr. Morton, you
must excuse me' from discussing; this
disagreeable. subject any further. I said
all I had to say* last night." i She rose
stiffly and, went. over to* the boat for
the tea things.*
. "All J the while that she was rather
blindly laying out her damty lunch,
her most Inconsistent heart was sing
ing He did! I'm glad! •. He did! I'm
glad!" \ ,• » '.
But the man sat verystill, bis face
burled in his arms.
, Then she waiteid for the boiling of
the water over the spirit-lamp with ap
parent fascination in its progress.
The man looked up at last.'
By Lilliai* G. PascHal
HER HERO
"I wish to God that it had been!" he
said passionately. "When later I read
of your marriage — well, I hated those
who pulled the Spanish knife out of
my side!"
She shuddered— her sweet lips paling.
"But you look quite well — quite like
your old self," she said anxiously.
"Oh, I got over that hurt all right.
It's the other I can't get over. Put
on your hat and come down, on 'the
beach," Isabel. That is, if your hus
band doesn't object," he added, with
a slight, sarcastic curl of his hand
come lip;
She drew herself up proudly.
* "My husband." she said coldly, "ob
jects to nothing that- 1 do! I will go
with you for a short walk." -
And she toM hersejf the while she
flung on her golf cape and crushed a
little scarlet Tam O'Sharter down on
her dark hair with , hands that still
shook that this was the'only, time she
v.ould speak with him alone. She
owed him an explanation, and he
should have it. He must not -be per-
ISABEL had known that the meet
ing with him would be a shock,
but phe had trusted to hope that,
being for&warned. she would also
be forearmed. And she felt help
lessly furious to realize that she had
grown cold and white the instant he
stood before her.
She had been crossing to the parlor
from the dining-room after luncheon,
when Roy Cameron had come along
the hall. ','• J
"Isabel!" he exclaimed, his voice
low and significant. "Isabel'."
She was more beautiful than the
girl he " had woed. She had bloomed
out in an atmosphere of luxury, and
in the assured . social position that
had come to her with her marriage.
And he found this new charm im
mensely attractive. He rejoiced that
the hand she have him an instant
trembled in his own. But his eyes,
that dwelt as if in fascination upon
her face, were dark with unutterable
reproach. • - ¦ 7 "- •.- '•'
Her first words were piteously de
fensive. .... M ,
"It was In all the papers."- she fal
tered. "Every one believed it. Your own
mother accepted the news' of your
death as true!"
She found her voice there.
--- "XiOve !'.,' she, repeated. "Love!" And
he quailed . a -' little - before the grave
scorn in her eyes. . ,
.;"You" wou!d\ have me break my
pledged vows, degrade my loyalty,
bankrupt my . life-^for what?" She
paused, shaken bv the revulsion of
feeling that overwhelmed her. Was
this her, ideal lover? Was. this man
peevish, passionate, • wearisomely per
sistent—the hero she had enshrined- In
her heart?, '.
"Oh", hush!'* she said f brokenly.
"Hush!" s • : >
He thought she spoke thus because
of the approach . of others; - Two men
were- leaning the hulk of /the
boat on the farther side. * But Sit was
only after she had , spoken that
recognized her husband's voice. ~* . .
"If It were .not for «. certain knowl
edge I possessed, Travis," he v g say
ing, VI would not have urged the child
to be my wife,' long and dearlythough
I ha/l loved her. It was nob even that
I - could . help ; her family out' of a? dire
difficulty .were I one of thdfh,: nor. yet
wholly because I was aware of the un
stable character of the man for whom
she had, I understood, a eirlish pref
erence. It was chiefly because I knew
I could not live long. I've heart trouble
— of an incurable kind, my doctors tell
me. She does • not suspect," of course;
f . ¦ ' . .
She was wholly unprepared for the
violence with which he broke into
6peech.
"Back! You would go back to him?
When it is I, Isabel — I* who have the
best, first, real right to you! If it
were not for that accursed blunder
about my death you would have been
waiting for me still."
White, stricken, shocked, she sat
there while ' he raved on. She had
never Imagined such madness, nor
such selfishness. For it was all of
himself he spoke — all for himself he
cared. He would miss her so. ' He
had great possibilities, which only she
could inspire. If she would only go
away for awhile — let Graeme get a di
vorce for desrtion. Then they could
be married , and leave this part of the
world. He knew of a good opening in
Havana. His love should make recom
pense to her— *
Mrs. Graeme sat down on an embank
ment of sand some children had made
in the shadow of the boat.
"I shall rest a few minutes. Then
we will go back," she said.
'"Dear," she said to him, "it is such a
beautiful world.' I am finding- out that—
I am happy!" .
He bowed his head over her hand
that she might not see the rapture in
his eyes. And both found the silence
sweet.
(Copyright, 1904, by Kate M. Cleary.)
They went back toward the town,
oblivious of the two in the shadow of
the boat.
Isabel rose quickly and looked out
over the tumultuous waste of waters.
A fluctuant color was hot in her cheek.
Her eyes were full of a brooding bril
liance Cameron had never seen in them
before. -iV':";4 :
"You heard?" she asked him. "You
knew that was my husband who
spoke?" .
He nodded, misunderstanding her
emotion. "If what he said Is true, Isa
bel. I— will wait."
She flared out on him then. He would
wait— he who was not fit to brush the
shoes of that other man whom' he
flouted! That other man whom she
honored— whom she loved! She spoke
in no uncertain terms. He quivered
with the merited sting of her disdain.
But he understood at last. And when
she had flung away from him and was
walking rapidly back alone he followed
and caught up with her.
; go away to-night. Forgive me
if you can! See, the mist 13 clearing
off." ...
The silvery veil was rolling up like
a scroll from 'the tossing, peevish bil
lows. And the sun % was shining forth,
dazzling, resplendent.
"The mist has* quite cleared," she
said. And then, lower, "Thank God!"
That night Robert Graeme, marvel
ing 1 at her greater gentleness of words,
the new tenderness of her smile, thrill
ed ", to .think that perhaps his j one wild
dream was coming true after all, : ~ and
that he might win the love he so
craved.
she is ; all that is sweet and pure and
womanly*.*, But it does me good to
know that one of these cays, when%he
is free again she will-have the pro
tection of m> name, even though I am
no longer with her. She will still be a
young and beautiful woman and a very
wealthy one.
"You understand I am only telling
this to you in confidence, because you
are such an old friend, and I could
not bear" to^ have you doubt my mo
tives. Shall we walk on?'"
mitted to construe her emotion at
sight of him into belief that she still
harbored a romantic attachment to
¦\vard him.
* • • • • • f ~ ¦.''•"¦
Towering cliffs hid them from the
sprawling, fashionable town. The
roar of the surf came up to them in
a low, booming, thunderous mono-^
tone. Ahead — behind — over the vistas*
of sand and vast surges of the ocean
hung a fog, dense, illusory, silvery,
mysterious. In its rifts phautom
ships were visible, dipping and curtsey
ing on their noiseless course. .
"It's all very harmonious," said Roy
Cameron grimly. "Might have been
made "to order as a setting for our lit
tle comedy, eh? Nothing around us
but vague obscurity. And we three
the most hopeless of all the ghosts
that walk!'
•We— three?" she repeated, not com
prehending.
t'You and I— and the ghost of our
vanished happiness?" he said.
"Oh!" she murmured. Then, for a
little while they walked on in silence.
"Isabel," he asked, suddenly, bend
ing forward to look into her averted
face, "why did you marry that rich
man?"
Her wifely pride rose Instantly in
arms at the Insinuation.
"You speak as though Robert
Graeme were a rich man only," sh*
said indignantly. "He is a good man
—a wise and honorable (man."
"But you did not love him." Cam
eron went on mercilessly. "And you
were engaged to me."
"They told me you were dead In
the . Philippines!" she /burst out, ha-*
rassed and eager to have the talk over.
"My brother Frank was in tremendous
monetary. difficulties. There was dis
grace of some sort - ahead for him".
Mother was breaking her ~ heart I over
the whole matter. And then— then Rob
ert asked me to be his wife. I knew
he could fix up everything. Besides I
was very fond of him. I always ad
mired him very much!" she ended de
fiantly..
"Ah!" he said, quietly — too quietly.
"That was" the way, was It?"
They had walked rapidly,' quite "out
stripping, all the others sauntering in
the same direction. Isabel was breath
less from haste. The hulk of an old
beat, drawn high on, the beach, pffer
ed shelter . from the rising wind - and
the too insistent clamor of the waves.
H" bushes at the -top of the
steep bank .parted and a girl
dashed dflun the faintly worn
ra'-Ii. landing with % a light spring
or. the narrow strip of pebbly beach.
Without a breath of hesitation she
*ei*ed the prow of tholittic steel boat,
srave- a vigorous push, a practiced leap,
and stood poling swiftly, over the
-hadoym \rlth one oar. The blue line
of deep vcter reached, "she dropped
Into th3 seat and rowed with long,
' irons strokes. Half across the arm
of the lake, that lay between ¦ the
inaiuterid the little island toward
vriiich she was pulling, ehe rested on
"Hra — m!" this in a tone of mild
surprise. "The blood-thirsty pursuer
doesn't seem to be seining very rapid
ly : Not a sign of him yet. Guess
I'll give him a little chance. I've
excuse enough for wanting to remodel
myself, goodness knows!"
And she raised h~r "arrr.s, bared to
the elbow and brown against the white
"f her gov.-n, to a mass of tawny hair,
very bev.itchir.giy disheveled from the
j.reeipitousneEs of her launching. T^r^
"I'm morally certain he £~w me,
too," she rt'.Iected, braiding the heavy
< oils into a shining rope that more
than readied the floor of the boat as
the sat, "for he cam? around the cor
ner of the piazza just as I crossed the
road into the thicket. I should think
h-'d want to say good-ty after — after
— everything. But I don't care! I
said I'd never fpeak to him again and
I shan't!" She seized the oars and
pulled the remaining half mile with
vicious, snappy strokes.
It would have been much cooler
back in the evergreens, but she dis
posed herself on the open sand with
the pillows, book and parasol which
formed part of the boat's furnishings.
The Lright scarlet sunshade was thus
unmistakably visible from the main
1 he warn .discomfort of her ' vigil
wa» at length rewarded by the out-
I uttir.g- of a boat with a single whfte
.-.:.r.eJtcl occupant. The scarlet", pa sa
! swung crtftind and presented a
: n-iside viet*: to tha water. When.
'.!.. oncoraiag boat was .half acros3
¦-• firl, her back persistently toward
::. gathered up her belongings and ; fe
louk herself calmly to the friendly
:.h:uIc\Ts a few yards away.
The novel maet have besn intensely
Interesting, for she' bad apparently, not ,
t,,k-n her eyes froni its pages during"
ell the time that an athletic-looking
i'.ow'was teaching a aoat, .crossing
•'.: >ir.d. and throwing himself on the
-: ur.d r.t her teet- . J
¦ I c-rrre over to say good-by. Bess,"
h v :ur.teered to the back of the book.
No ar.sner. ¦' •
"Ar.d ask you to forgive me."
Cpntinued silence.
"Wont 'you forgive me, Bess?" with
Over the top of the book he was
"Oh. I know you told me never to
j-'peak to you again, and I don't sup
t-w-sc you will answer me, either. I was
a fool not to pet at least your forgive
ness last night, but some way I was
tco — too stunned, I guess. Cut whether
you'll speak to me or not I must have
the privilege of saying a few things
that I want you to know. If — if you'd
just put the book down and let ma
knew that you're hearing, Bess," he
pleaded.
The leaves of the novel turned the
"I'm going on the 5 o'clock train,"
ho said tentatively. "It seemed the
only thing to do to make It easier for
— for both of us after — after— everjv
thine;. Cut probably you heard that I
an; going. I was simply thinking that
L.s we'll presumably never see each
other a~a:n it wouldn't do any harm
and would be so much more satisfac
tory if you'd-juEt let me explain."
"Ilxplain!" she flashed, unavrare;
then bit her lip and turned another
wsc. /-'::;.;
He smiled In spite of himself, though
her anjer was far from being en amus
ing thing to him.
•"Yes, explain." he continued, evident
' ly encouraged. "The first thing I
should want to do if I had your per
mifsibn** (he paused for the response
thjjt w.as not vouchsafed), "is to tell
> tfi that s^o far this has been the hap-
Ejfest Kurcmer of my life and to thank
jr»u for it. I've had such a good time.
I'm working pretty hard, you
¦ know, g;nce they made me a partner,
•p.n<3 v.nsr.'t ir.tpr.ding to take any vaca
tion. But when your aunt's note came
arkirg me for the house party I was
too deliriously glad to care a rap for
the consequences. Because I knew >vhat
it meant, you We— that you had sug
£tfted it and wanted me to come." •
Bb'ei stirred uneasily, plumped up a
cushion behind her back, snipped an
ant trem her skirt, then took up the
oook cjrain, not secrr.ing to notice that
a score of pages had fluttered over.
"I suppose you'll hcrdly realize what
it has been to me." Ke was on his
Uacli. har.ds under head, and might
have been addressing the tiny patches
cf blue that 'shone between the green
boughs overhead. "I went into the
business so very young, and have been
about to little. It was especially hard
efter.I met you at the Pier to know
that I vczs so different from the
others."
The ecft end of the heavy braid
lay aear him and he fell to caressing
It absently. A3 he still gazed over
head he could not eee that the book
v:zs lovrered and tv.o Ehixiin? eyes
were regarding him steal thIJy.
"And then vrhen I came you were
By Rate M. Cleary^
WHEN THE MIST CLEARED
so good. Better than to the rest, Bess.
You grave me the most time and the
most favors. It — well, I guess it turned
my head; that's all! And when I came
upon you. unexpectedly in the shadowy
hall last right—"
"Don't speak of it again, Arthur Mor_
ton!" she cried, bo vehemently that
it brought him to a sitting posture.
"Everything was lovely, and, we did
have a good time, and then you had to
spoil it all by t— trying to k— k— kiss
me! I n — never was s — so d — disg —
graced in my life!" Her voice choked
with angry sobs.
"Please, Bess! I can't bear to have
A huge, black bulk came lumbering
from the deep" shadows back of the
camp and skulked near the commis
sary tent, whence presently rose a
sound of falling tinware and the ob
jurgations of the French chef," as
Bruin ambled away with paws and
jaws sticking full of, the toothsome
contents of the butter tub.
As Bruin's sticky footfalls padded
heavily down the slope, a slow grin
overspread Jack Stanley's face. He
stood up and blew an airy kiss to the
smiling moon. >
The man picked up 'her guitar and
held it lovingly like a child In his
arms. It was hers,, and he loved it
for her sake." He knew he could. feel
all the "primitive Instincts" — the long
ing for wife and child and s the warmth
of .. a home-fire instead of the cold
splendor of his club— but bow to make
Nell see it and respond to It? ¦V*(
Long he sat there • by the ashenlng
embers, while the tall, stately pines
tossed their fragrant censers and In
toned their mournful chant above, and
the cold moon lit up, one by .one, the
ghostly pillars of steam ; which rose
day and night from the geysers and
vent-holes in the Fire Hole Basin
below.
Jack Stanley, sprawled on the thick
carpet of pine needles at her feet,
glanced up half pleadingly, half quiz
zically into the pouting face of the
small autocrat of the camp. "Why
won't you marry me? Your father
wishes it. I have enough."
"Yes, I know." she interrupted hasti
ly. "You have all the ordinary require
ments—wealth, position, good looks,
family," checking them off with her
pink fingers. "And I suppose a reason
able amount of brains — though In our
way of living they are needed sp little
that—" she paused suggestively.
"Well, then, what's the trouble? You
haven't yet said the only thing that
will send me away like the other fel
lows — that you don't love me— dear.
As for the hero business, and all that
rot-^-" r^^^i
"It isn't rot!" exclaimed Nell in
dignantly. "I know you think me
schoolgirl-sentimental — I'm not. It's
just this — you men, when you aren't
impossible, are all so much alike these
days — I can't differentiate. You're
like your ugly, black clothes — all cut
by the same pattern and apparently
from the same cloth. How can a
woman single out one above all others
to love and to cling to In sickness and
in health'— V "
" 'Till death us do part. ' " he fin
ished low. ?.".,
"Why don't you do something to
make me love you? I want to. I
can't!" She stamped her little moun
tain-climbing boot hotly. "We don't
get at the. realness of life — a true,
primitive instinct Is unknown to us
all. Even our pretended roughing it
for the novelty of the thing is an ar
tificial sham. We come " in \ a special
train; our tents are filled -with hair
mattresses, down quilts and Navajos.
You must have a French valet to dress
you each morning in that brave khaki
suit of yours, which never saw real
service and never will! My tailored
short skirt came from Paris and Is
silk lined. Do you know my grand
father " went over that old "Mormon
trail down yonder to the south with
an ox team? And my, grandmother
walked beside it most of the way!
I'd like to marry a real pioneer, a true,
history maker. That's the kind cf
man* I could love! He'd be a hero to
me, if he. didn't have a dollar and had
never "heard of the twostep!"^
Nell held her flushed cheeks and
shining eyes for one intoxicating tn
stant up close to his 'own; then turned
like a flash and ran back among the
white gleaming tents to her own lux
urious quarters, where a sleepy .maid
waited her coming. « . •
a a £-pi HERE aren't any heroes now
* I adays— hence my own . celi-
I bacy."
I ' ' JL - Neli was nineteen. "I want
a real man, one that can do things!"
This with a lofty scorn and a curl of
her red lips as she thrummed her gui
tar in the light of the campflre. There
had been a light scud of snow during
the day. and the air was chill,' though
it was August; but Yellowstone Park Is
no respecter of calendars.
"I can do one thing— love the most
tantalizing little witch that ever walk
ed all over man'S heart."
The Frenchman, looked juyfully at
the lavish gratuity, then at the wreck
ed bearskin at his feet.
"Eet ees burn tres mauvaise," he
chuckled. "But, as M'sieu say— eet
ees worth eet!"
(Copyrlsht,*1904. by Lilian C. PascnaL)
Just as the huge forepaws reached
out to clasp her In a crushing em
brace—one rasping claw did scratch
her tender arm. the mark of which
she shows proudly to this day — Jack's
gleaming firebrand fell resoundingly
asraln and again i upon the grizzly.
With a roar of pain and a snarl at his
antagonist the great bear released
trembling Nell from his deadly clutch,
and. amid a terrific odor of singeing
h^ir, made for the cooling river a few
yards below. ,
, "Xell, darling, are you hurt?" Jack's
voice was tender with real concern
as he remorsefully wiped the single
red drop which oozed from the dear
arm. She was clasped In a real man's
hug this time and she crept close like
a fluttering, frightened bird into its
neat. Her stubborn litle heart melted
Into : gratitude, admiration and love
and, soon stilled its tumultuous fear
throbs Into a rapturous answer to the
manly one that beat against it.
-Her trembling arms stole about his
neck and her ripe lips met his, drink
ing in the blessed draught of mutual
love and Joy.
"You are a real hero, dear, after
till," she-whispered.
"Then you will marry me, sweet
heart?" the graceless youth asked un
blushingly. The answer went so in
toxicatingly . to, his head that It was
no. wonder Francois thought M. Stan
ley had been Infbibihg too freely,
when an hour later, in the strict
privacy of the cook's tent, he thrust
a thousand-dollar bill into " that
worthy's hand with the remark:
"Oh, hl^ng the expense — it's -worth
it!" To his conscience he said: " 'All's
fair in ¦ love and war* — a primitive
motto."
"She wants a real man, eh? Well,
sweet Mistress Nell has always had
what she wanted, and she mustn't be
disappointed in a little matter of hus
bands:"
He called a servant to put out th»
fire, tucked the guitar under hi3 arm
and strode off to his tent, where ha
slept the dreamless slumber of a gen
eral whose maneuvers are all planned.
The next evening they were all
grouped about the campflre, which had
been replenished, mountain-fashion.
with whole logs drawn and stacked
across its first kindling flame by a
team of horses. The little party,
chaperoned by Nell's mother, who
drowsed on a folding easy chair,
sprawled about the fire, recounting the
day's adventures and the wonders of
the park.
Two or three kodak enthusiasts soon
rose to go to the dark tent to develop
their snap-shots.
"Give us a song, Nell." begged Jack
Stanley, handing her the guitar. "Sing
that old one — old songs are best suited
to things primeval," teasingly. "So
let's . have 'In Days of Old. a Warrior
Bold,' and all the rest of it."
"That's a man's song," retorted tha
girL "But since — " the rest of the
sentence was left to h!3 Imagination,
and Nell bent her bright head over the
beloved instrument and fingered
daintily the stirring accompaniment to
the old ballad. But her eyes were lifted
challengingly to his when she reached
the ringing refrain:
"ITl live for love, I'll live for love—
and die!"
Suddenly a deep growl thundered out
of the dense darkness behind them. All
eyes turned startled toward a creat
black mass slowly emerging Into tha
glare of the campflra. Jones and Trent
beat a hasty retreat toward their tent
— to get- their rifles, they explained
eagerly afterward — and every one was
too busy then to remember that all
their weapons had been sealed by the
officials on entering the park.
Mrs. Carter and the other women
shrieked, scattered and fled screaming
to the tents, all but Nell, who was too
paralyzed to move. One white hand
still clung: to the vibrant guitar strings.
Her red lips, now paled with fear, were
still parted, forming frozenly the last
words of her song. Hero was Jack's
chance.
He seized it Instantly, also a red.
burning brand from the fire. With this
weapon he bravely charged the shaggy
animal towering above poor, terror
stricken Nell.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAttl
BESS, QUEEN OF STRATEGISTS
7no_textno_textIt is a good rule, when, buying but
tons this season, to select those that
are very ornamental. Pick out but
tons that will look well upon a change
of costume and then buy as high as
your purse will go./ • ',
A London woman, noted far and -wide
• for her smartness, has just bought six
possibilities of the small pea.l but
ton, be It in cream color, In brown, in
blue . or in . black. Match your, dress
as - nearly, as you - can and ¦ place your
button trimmings . to | harmonize, not
only, in color but in \ scheme.
In the realm of the large fancy
jeweled button /there is ¦. something do
ing. These* buttons now come as high
as ' J50 each'- and are works of art,
gems fit for } the Jewel case. They are
used' in elaborate tvays as trimmings
and are also employed for button pur
poses. ....
One hands gown has a shoulder
cape which buttons frankly down the
front with. .three handsome jeweled
buttons. These buttons are .of gun
metal, beautifully set with turquoise.
Hints to the Smart Woman.
They are getting up these cloth suits
in a very picturesque way. One lovely
suit worn by Mrs. Clarence Mackay is
a three piece suit in lustrous black
cloth. The skirt is a .round length
with ruffles of taffeta slightly gradu
ated toward the back.
The waist consists of an Eton cut
very low in the ueck and fin.shed with
a deal of nice hand embroidery. The
sleeve3 are half length. And they are
cut pointed and finished with embroid
ery.
Underneath this Is worn a shirt waist
of gray crepe de chine, trimmed with
pipings of gray chiffon and pipings of
black and white. This gown is pretty
as it can be and by no means either
difficult or extravagant.
That is the beauty of so many of
the handsome gowns of the season.
They can be copied at such very light
expense. Often • they can be imitated
simply by skillful remodeling.
One gown which has nothing more
elaborate than a soft black taffeta was
worn out as to the blouse. The suit,
originally a black shirt waist suit, was
worn . in the sleeves and under 'the
arms. The neck was shabby and the
•skirt was frayed. Still the style was
good and certain' parts of the suit were
excellent.
the front of her sealskin coat, while in
the early spring they will be used upon
a calling gown of gold colored cloth.
Thus she will more than get back her
money as a button investment.-^
Nearly all the new sleeves 'are full
sleeves. Half sleeves should be cut
very short and' wide, and the prettiest
and newest are cut off above, the elbow.
They" consist of from one to four capes,
each -cape falling over the other and
prettily/ trammed with bands of black
velvet.
To make. these sleeves very little art
is required of the dressmaker, but there
must be a deal of taste expended upon
the finish. They can be cut in points
and elaborately braided or they can be
bordered .with lace, v Or again, one can
take the half sleeve and trim it with
a knife plaited ruffle of cloth or of silk
trimmed with a band of filet insertion.
If you are in doubt how to finish your
nice cloth sleeves do not hesitate any
longer, but cut them off above the
elbow, set them very full into the arm
hole and let them flare well. It would
be no harm to have' a cape sleeve with
one small cap falling over this sleeve
and possibly another.
You will not require a handsome un
dersleeve of the lingerie order, but this
is easily supplied. If you wear a hand
some shirt waist its sleeves can be
made fluffy with lace flounces, while
. the vest can be pulled out Jtn front and
trimmed with lace frills. Such a waist
is extremely pretty and makes a hand
some finish for your cloth suit. -
- Mrs. Clarence Mackay's Suit.
Another summer gown which needed
renovating was In a shade of golden
brown taffeta. This was made new by
narrow bands of black velvet put on
In a way to reinforce the material.
You can do a great deal with bands of
black velvet if you know how to go
at It.
One gown, a black taffeta, was
trimmed with dozens and dozens of
narrow black velvet bands and put on
in groups to indicate a hip yoke and to
make a border for the skirt flounce. If
you are going to use these velvet bands.
buy your black velvet by the bolt, put
it on freely and see that the bands are
not more than half an Inch in width,
with a preference for quarter Inch
widths. In this way you get the smart
touch which will be the making of your
gown.
The Cross-Stltch Girl.
The linen cross-stitch girl is a busy
personage this season, for she has dis
covered her possibilities. Indeed, they
are without limitation. She can take
an old tan linen waist and make It sim
ply gorgeous with her own handicraft,
and she can take an old cloth waist all
out of date and bring it right up to the
mark by adding to it her bands of em
broidery-
This young woman will take strips
of heavy white linen and cut it Into
bands to form panels for the front of
her waist. It takes one wide panel to
go down the middle of the front. Then
she will take a wide strip anil make a
band for the neck. Then she will take
another strip and make an epaulette
fcT the shoulder, carefully measuring
its length. And. finally, she will cut
out deep cuffs and then she is ready to
go to work. All the measurements must
be accurately made.
She will embroider these bands with
the oriental colors, carrying them out,
not in the swinging Japanese style, but
in the little neat Armenian cross stitch.
She will make her waist set in the most
accurate manner, using wash silks.
And, when she has completed her set.
she will work half a dozen squares to
.be set into the sleeves and into the
waist. These squares giva a finishing
touch of elegance.
They take linen in a shade of new
blue and work It in thiS way. And they
take tan colored linen and coffee color
ed linen. Beside this they take linen
that is in the deep brown colors and
upon these dark canvas backgrounds
Making a trip to town this woman
exhibited her navy blue voile to a
dressmaker, who immediately obtained
enough Persian embroidery to border
the three flounces with which the skirt
was trimmed. She also edged the sleeve
ruffles with the Persian. Then she s^-t
bands of Persian around the yoke in
such a manner as to make It a pointed
yoke. She indicated a hip yoke and
she made an epaulette of the Persian
which extended down over the sleeve
and made a sleeve cap.
Finally, as a cap stroke of genius.
she added a stock of crushed white
velvet, chiffon weight, and a girdle of
white chiffon velvet. This made the
gown quite new again and was done at
a comparatively low cost.
quite belle the name. They are not
shirred and they are not worn over
the gown and not under it. One of
these is made of piece-lace cut in yoke
shape with stock attached. To S i ve
the stock its proper shape there is a.
narrow threading of pale blue ribbon
which ties around the throat. The
whole is profusely embroidered i n
oriental stitches.
Probably the greatest improvement
which can be made to an old crown [ s
a local one. A woman having ,1
dress, of navy blue voile, found at th*
middle of the season that it was hope
lessly out of date. It was drng^ie.i
and without stvle. It lacked that
smartness which is necessary in a.
gown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
they embroider or work the design In
red and blue to be used upc-n a dark
red or a dark blue gown.
It i3 a distinct art. this working of
the shirt waist sets of linen, but such
a profitable one that a woman cannot
do better than learn it. The dark seta
will be worn all winter on the cloth
shirt waists and on the waists o£
taffeta.
handsome buttons . in gold filigree set
with rubies and rhinestones. Thev are
to, form part of the yoke trimming of
a cranberry red cloth gown for fall.
Later she will have them transferred to
The owner of this ragged taffeta
shirt waist suit purchased six yards of
thin, soft black taffeta, showing a little
black embroidered dot. And with this
she made a new pair of sleeves, of half
length, opening over white lingerie un
dersleeves. Then she cut out the neck
and made a stock and yoke of the
black dotted goods. And finally, she
sewed a bias band of the same around
the frayed foot of the skirt. The change
was perfect and complete.
. Many an old waist is made new by
the addition of new sleeves and a new
stock, while the worn places under
the arm are reinforced by an invisible
patch out on underneath.
This is particularly the case with
the white shirt waist, which is so soon
thrown aside. The higher the price
the more delicate^ the goods and the
sooner^'it is gone, and unless new
sleeves are put in the waist must be
''thrown away. Such a waist is admir
able as a foundation for the handsome
lingerie shirt waists now needed for
wear with the new. cloth gowns. Put
in sleeves of. dotted muslin or dotted
Swiss and trim the front with ruffles
of the Swiss. A few pearl buttons can
be set down the front as a finish.
The Xew Guimpes.
The making of the guimpe is a
thing which should not be neglected
by the woman with an old wardrobe
to resurrect. The newest guimpea
and, beginning at the top, near the
stock, sew rows of the ; little buttons
between the 1 plaits. Let the rows of
buttons , be about a finger long, ex
tending up and down. . •
Again take a .dress of . dark green
cloth and let the waist be an elaborate
one of ¦ the cloth j trimmed with " lace .
Here comes a chance for the use of the
little pearl buttons in figure shapes.
They can be put on In triangles, in
squares, and > in . straight rows, or In
circles. Of - course^ the • work 'must be
very neatly • done or '< the smartness ' Is
entirely spoiled/
They, are; taking" taffeta: and cutting
out wide cpllars in circular shape with
s.calloped edges. Buttons are set in
these scallops and the collar is finished
at the top. with a lace beading, through
which a narrow ribbon: Is run. ,' . *
There Is realiy no limit to the artistic
, For fall the button r question ' pre
sents many pretty features, . one. of the
most pronounced of which is that of
the pearl button. Just how so many
pearl buttons can be used is a-prob
lem to the. dressmaker, who gazes at
the Immense assortment- and wonders
what she will do with so wide a~ va
riety. .'That ; it is up to her to. dispose
of these buttons in an artistic way
there is.no doubt. - .
One. of l .'odd and very pretty but
ton conceits has for a beginning
countless pearl buttons of- smallest
size. .These now come in a variety of
colors and for the trimming of : cloth
and "'a dresses are invaluable.
Take for a . brown taffeta shirt
waist several dozen tiny -vearl buttons
of the variety that sew through and
through. • Lay the waist in. box plaits
trimmed with three deep tucks, eacn
tuck bordered with a lace frill. The
round shirt waist,- which is quite sim
ple, is trimmed with a deep collar of
taffeta, cut in big scallops, , with a
fancy button set in the middle of each
scallop. There is a black satin girdle
bordered with lace frills. .
The Button Question of Fall.
of a social nature. For such occasions
the cream white cloak is by all means
the most elegant and, being all in
¦white, one does not tire of it. nor does
it grow monotonous to one's friends.
A handsome cloak was recently made
for a fashionable woman of Gotham
whose taste in dress is supreme. , Its
material" is a line grade of chiffon
broadcloth. Its trimming consists of
bands of white liberty satin and rows
and rows of Valenciennes lace. .Its lin
ing is India silk. This cloak, v.-hile it
ib by no means 'cheap, will wear a long
time and be elegant on every occasion.
To make a cloak really dressy the
lace should be put on in little frills to
give th» bouffant effect which is re
quired this season. There can be frills
down the front of the cloak, frills
around the yoke and rows and rows
of lace frills upon the sleeves.
A great many women put off the buy
ing of a handsome three-quarter cloak,
thinking it one of the unnecessary lux
uries of the wardrobe, a something for
the wealthy woman only.
Yet, if the woman who wants to
dress well will purchase a nice cloak,
selecting pongee, taffeta, fine cloth or
crepe de chine, she will find herself
well repaid for her, investment. Worn
with a lingerie shirt waist and a hand
some skirt this cloak will, in itself,
make an elegant appearance and will
take the place of a handsome costume
of cloth, lace, velvet' or satin. And it
will be strictly the vogue.
Getting Back to Satin. .
There is no doubt that the fashion
world is moving backward and that,
in its backward progress, It has
reached the safin stage. Black satin,
heavy and lustrov "nd black satin of
chiffon weight, glossy and soft, will
both be in style, as will all the inter
mediate grades of satin.
It Is going to be a fall when the
grande dame will have a handsome
satin gown in her wardrobe and "when
she will brine it out and put it on for
her best -occasions. She will have it
made up in the most elaborate manner,
'.and she will trim it with the finest old
lace in her treasure u -ik.
But, though satin has been revived,
it will be trimmed in new ways. Black
satin and Spanish lace will be worn as
they were In days of yore, but black
satin will also be linked to lace of less
illustrious pedigree. The string and the
ecru laces, the imitation vals and the
odd and coarse imitation Irish crochet
laces will 'all 'be worn upon the hand
somest of black satin calling costumes.
One lovely gown, made for a young
matron of society, is a black satin with
sweeping skirt all laid in box plaits
upon a plain black satin hip yoke. The
skirt is trimmed '.with- a wide band of
-filet lace put on at about the height of
the knees. "The waist is an Eton with
open front and short sleeves over, a
black lace shirt waist, the lace being
of the heavy string "variety. .
Nor is it the matron alone who has
fallen under the magic spell of the
lustrous and aristocratic stuff. Even
the debutantes are gorgeous in gowns
of b.lack satin made gay with pipings
of a bright shade and with dyed or
ecru lace to simulate a cape.-
One dear little debutante has a
shirt waist suit of the most * lustrous
order. The skirt is a round length.
She Mri':os II Out of Ponsree or Crepe
<> thine. Thin Clotli or Taffeta, anil
Pho Trims It Klaborately for AVear.
Winter and Summer — The Dashing
fct)Ics of the Between Season Girl
nu'J V.'f Pretty Clothes Worn by
Mis* Alive Roosevelt — The Coming
ramies in Uuttons, Sleeves, Capes
r.ncl Other Parts of the Gown.
By AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
*^1 L1VAYS well dressed is the
f I President's daughter, and. in
£ I the dash to see her, the public
1 is rewarded by a glimpse of a
grown v.hlch, while not extreme, is al
ways In the best of style.
One of Miss Roosevelt's new coats
is a Urns' loose driving coat of em
broidered pongee. Its color is, a cran
berry red and its sleeves are finished
by deep cuffs of open embroidery in
cranberry color. There is a wide
sailer collar of the English or eyelet
embroidery and the back and the front
of the coat hang full and straight to a'
three-quarter length.
The pongee coat threatens to be
vcrn all summer and to hold its vogue
over through the fall. It is as glossy
as sathi and can scarcely be distin
guished from that material. As to its
lining (here are innovations to be
noted), the best of the new pongee
three-quarter coats are lined with
white Futin, treated as elegantly 33
though the coat were for opera wear.
The three-quarter pongee coat, lined
with white satin, is a very handsome
garment end one which any woman
may be proud to own. It can be worn
nearly all the year round and- will last
as long as there is a thread of the
pongee left and everybody knows that
this material is practically indestruc
tible.
A really e!ejjant garment is a pongee
coat in turquoise blue, trimmed with
string lace of the same shade. The
lace is narrow and is used as a frill
for the sleeve and shoulder ruffles,
while across th(j front a wider band
of the same lace outlines the yoke and
gives a cape effect.
For the woman who has no use for
- turquoise blue coat there is the pon
gee coat in pearl white. This can be
trimmed with pipings of the same ma
terial and- with a very little Valen
ciennes lace dyed a pearl color. This
cloak la useful any time of the year,
for it is the fashion now to wear white
and light cloaks winter and summer.
Then, besides the pongees, which are
by far the most serviceable of all long
cloaks, there come very fine light cloths
which make up beautifully. One cloak
of very light weight cloth was in a
shade of navy blue, that color of which
we never tire. This coat, which was
very nearly a full length, was trimmed
with bands of navy blue taffeta, with
each band outlined with -a piping of
•white satin. This makes a very effect
ive trimming. *?"-.. •
¦ •
The Nice Long Cloaks.
Those who want a cloak that will do
for the matinee girl and even for the
opera can select a heavy weight of
crepe de chine and line it with taffeta.
A trimming of bands of taffeta and
fancy buttons will make the cloak a
really elegant one.
Not a few of the nicer of the long
cloaks are finished with fringe and the
cloak which may be*in the dark shades
13 put away to be used for nice oc
casions, calling, receptions, and events
THE GIRL
IN THE
THREE QUARTER
COAT
10club is open to the public. It was built
at the suggestion of the many sports
men who hav\: heretofore had to camp
in that locality.
In" the same section of the country is
Lake Tahoe, one of the finest fresh
water fishing grounds in the United
States. Trout of the gamest kind "are
to be taken from its waters. It is
really an ideal place.
Taking one of the fishing steamers
early in the- morning, it is but a few
hundred yards before trolling lines are
cast and the fun begins. Under the
shade of the awning one can fish until
the noon hour.
If the trolling line does not appeal
to the sportsman he can rig up his
rod and line with a couple of trailers,
that is, two small trolling spoons, and
play for the big fish. When he gets a
strike the skiff in which he Is fishing
from the steamer is cast off and he
can play his game to his heart's de
sire, for a sood-sized .trout on Tahoe
Is not the easiest thing in the world
to land with a light rod.
Then comes the noonday meal of
fish. Who would not travel miles for
Just such a feast?
The steamer is tied up to one of the
landings around the lake and you go
ashore, where a fire is built and the
frying pan«is put on. When it la hot
about a roll of butter is melted and
next comes the bacon, which is fried
to a crisp. By this thne the fish have
been taken out of the cage, killed and
cleaned and are ready for the pan.
In a few minutes they are served and
you start eating, and how you do eat,
in the clear air of the high Sierras!
There are lots of other good things
spread on the ground, but they do not
appeal to you as does the trout. You
eat until you can eat no more. Then
comes a good cigar and a quiet nap
under a shady tree and' then you are
ready for the afternoo- sport of more
fishing. The results of your catch you
will have boxed up and expressed to
your friends, who are not as fortunate
as you in visiting Tahoe.
While at Tahoe one can make a trip
to "White Cloud and Fallen Leaf lakea
and cet some very good fishing. The
fish do not run as large as on the big
lake, but yet it is sport. Back of these
lakes may be found bear and other
game, i? one has the hunting habit.
Another sportsman's paradise for the
more blase fishermen is Big Meadows,
which calls for a more extended trip,
but if you have the time it will pay
for the trouble.
Yet another place that i3 attracting
the sportsmen of the coast la the
southern part of Oregon, where both
fish and game are to be found in great
numbers. It Is in that section that
the Japanese pheasant is to be found
in numbers. It is a trip for a vaca
tion where a person has at least a
week at his - t command. Any place
over the border lire will furnish sport.
There is another kind of fishing
which, although it does not appeal so
strongly to those who live on the coast,
does appeal to those of the interior.
It is fishing for salmon. This is one
cf the # best sports of Central Call-
At Monterey and Santa Cruz is to
be found the finest salmon fishing in
the world. Even the north can not
compare with it for the pleasure to
b<? enjoyed at the California resort3.
This is no dainty sport like trout
fishing. It calls for a good, strong
arm and considerable endurance to
land these fish. Fcr no sooner are they
hooked than they commence to show
a fight which is fierce until the last
death struggle. But when you land
a salmon you have a fish you can
well be proud of.
If rafcicn seems too small one ha3
only to proceed farther south around
Point Conception into the Santa Bar
bara Channel, and off Catalina Island
the jewf.ish ami the tuns.— the latter of
which challenges the tarpon of Flor
ida for gameness — is here to be found.
This is undoubtedly the acme of fish
ing, for skill and endurance onlv land
ttm'a prize. The game has become so
pop::iar*that a Tuna Club has been
formed and prizes are annually given.
But there ia another part of tfce Stata
of California which is being opened
up as the perfect paradise for sports
men, and that is in the Kings River
Canyon country. One to enjoy the
pleasures cf this section must go pre
pared for a camping trip, for pack
mules have to be used to carry what
ordinarily can be transported .--'by
wagon.
It is a great game country, for every
thing can be found in this canyon,
from the bear to the grouse and quail,
while the streams are full of fish.
Then, there ia a certain loneliness
caused by the grandeur of the moun
tains that giver, one a rest that noth
ing else can do. The scenery chal
lenges that of Yosemite.
It is a question if the sportsman will
have this pleasure very long. The Gov
ernment may take this region up for
a park, or else it will be overrun with
tourists who are hunting after the
beautiful. But at the present time it
is the place of all places for the sports
man with the rod and gun. Califor
nia cannot offer anything better.
There has been splendid fishing re
ported from Sterling City, up in Butt*
County. A new railroad has been con
structed to this point and many of the
red experts are up there this year. Go
where will, north or south, and no
matter how small the stream Is. you
will find fishing that will pay you for
your trouble. One of the many places
that can b? mentioned where fish can
be found are Arroyo Honda, Waddell,
Big Creek, Capitola. Packards, Stevens
Creek. Pescadero. I^agunitas, Sims and
the upper Sacramento.
If a person has never fished any of
these streams, just try them once and
bee what fishing is in California.
"Although the dog's teeth were sunk
deep in the bear's flesh, the bear didn't
stop or waver in his ascent, but climb
ed on as if nothing at all was worrying
him. Yap held on, game dog that he
was, determined that his adversary
wasn't going to give him the slip in
that way. And the higher the bear
climbed the tighter the dog gripped
and the harder he tugged to make him
come down. By and by Yap was swing
ing in the air, fifteen feet above the
ground.
"This wassa better circus than old
man French had 'counted on after all
and he roared and laughed until he
tumbled off the stump.
"When the bear had climbed the low
er branches of the tree he stopped,
looked back over his shoulder at Yap
where he was swinging and tugging at
the other end of the bear and then he
let go his hold on the tree. He came
down like a pile driver. When he
struck bottom Yap was between him
and the ground.
"There was one faint yelp, and that
was all. Three hundred pounds of bear
had flattened out forty pounds of dog
out of all shape. The catastrophe was
eo sudden that before old man French
could recover from - the effects of the
unexpected climax the bear had lifted
the bear merely shuffled away to a lit
tle piece of open chestnut limber near
by and turned to wait for Yap. Old
man French wasn't only surprised. He
was sorry for the bear, for he believed
it must surely be a strange bear in
those woods, unacquainted with Yap.
"Yap began his maneuvers to uncov
er the bear's tactics, but the bear, to
the dog's evident surprise and to the
disgust of old man French, made only
a few feeble passes at Yap and then
turned and began tp shin up a trc'i.
The dog got over his surprise before
his master got over his disgust suffi
ciently to reach for his gun and as the
bear, moving /without any show of
haste, raised* clear of .the ground tm
his way up .the tree. Yap made a
spring and closed his jaws tight on one
of the beast's hams. »
f{ Y BELIEVED then and I be
j lieve yet," said a Potter County
J[ man, "that what the bear did
was a fully premeditated act,
deliberately and successfully carried
out as planned, although old man
French insisted until the day he died
that it whs entirely an accident, refus
ing to believe that a bear— even a Pot
ter County bear — could be smart
enough to get the'best of his dog Yap
"That dog Yap was a smart one,
iand no mistake. He was the greatest
bear dog that old man French ever
had, and he had owned some famous
ones, being himself the greatest bear
hunter the Kettle Creek country
boasted; and great bear hunters were
almost tig thick in the Kettle Creek
country in those days as the bears
were. And. that dog Yap was as well
known to the tears as he was to the
hunters.
"Bears hate dogs beyond everything
else, and will frequently give up the
chance of getting away from the pur
suing hunter just for the satisfaction^
of waiting for the dog that is yelping
on the trail behind them and taking
a fall out of him when he comes up.
And particularly did the Kettle Creek
bears hate old man French's dog Yap,
for they had found out that waiting to
take a fall out of him always resulted
in the coming to grief of the bear thus
waiting to take the fall, none of them
having been able to put up even a
show of successful fight against him;
consequently all their efforts to get the
best of Yap having failed, they had
taken to giving him a wide berth and
kept right on going when they found
that he was on their track. ,
"Such being the case, old man
French' couldn't help being surprised
the day he and Yap routed that big bear
out of the laurel patch, not far from
the mouth of the Little Kettle, when
himself oft what was left of Yap, cast
a cc-ntfcmptuous glance at the late dog's
master and waddled oK and "out of
sight in the iaurels.. .
"There never was a smarter bear dog
than old man French's . x Yap and there
never was a deader one than he was
when that bear got off him. And I
believed then, as I believe yet, that
what the bear did was a premeditated
act. deliberately and successfully car
ried out as planned, but old ., man
French would never have it that way."
—Chicago Inter Ocean,
"THE
CHAMPION BEAR DOG
OF POTTER COUNTY"
THE sportsmen of this State, es
pecially the followers cf the rod
and line, do not appreciate what
they have in the way of pleas
ure. Within a couple of hours*
after leaving their office or home th^y
may be on many a pleasant stream
fishing. If they have the time to spare
they can go even farther and make
more oretentious catches. But in
every case good sport Is to be found
and the fish are to be had in num-.
bers. Those who fish and have put
off their vacation until this month can
look for splendid sport on the moun
tain streams. The high water of last
spring has put the streams in splendid
condition for fishing. From now until
the last of August there will be sport
galore, as the water is receding slowly.
One can cast a fly on the upper Sac
ramento, where the sport is fair at
the present time, or he may take to
the McCIoud River. Good sport may
be had at the Klamath Hot Springs,
where many favorable catches have
beer, reported.
The Rogue and McKenzie rivers in
Southern Oregon are in splendid con
dition, plenty of fish baing taken,
especially near Gold Hill on the Rogue
River. Many letters have been re
ceived from fishermen at Webber and
Independence Lake, telling of fine
¦...¦:¦¦
. sport.
The Big Basin, near Boulder Creek,
and the other streams about Boulder
have been the scene of many fine
catches this year. It is fishing like
this that gives those who live in Cali
fornia the advantage over their breth
ren in other States, especially those
on the Atlantic Coast.
To set anything like a decent catch
in the East one has to spend a day
at lea-t in travel. Even an afternoon
on San Francisco "Bay will make the
fisherman*** heart glad when the bass
rre running. It Is not. however, these
short trips that bring out the great
benefits to mankind of the wooded
¦ ¦ ¦ •
rills and streams., but the trip that
gives you more than a couple o'f hours
in ihe open air.
For the persons that spend most of
their lhes on the shores of old ocean
a vacation back in the high hills,
vher* th» air is not so heavily laden
with ih° Fait of th'» sea. is aboutine
thins, fu. h a trip Is possible up at
the "divide." There the streams run
cold an^ swift and some of the finest
fish to be taken are in the Truekee
Jllver. At Wrdi there is a country
club, whioh has all the comforts, of a
fcotel an- 1 *s within easy reach of the
best fishing fn the State. The country
THE : SAN' FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
THE
FISHER
MAN'S
VACATION
11(Continued on Page 13.)
TREATING PROFUSE PERSPIRA
TION (Jennie).— I can readily under
stand how annoying profuse perspira
tion is to a sensitive girl who wishes
to be dainty at all times and trust the
directions given may be helpful to you.
Do not drink too freely of any liquid,
two , quarts of water a . day should be
the limit, less if you can overcome ex
treme thirst. As far as you can avoid
violent exercise and dress In loose, cool
clothing. Garments which are even a
trifle snug will Irritate a person of
NOVELTIES IN HANDKER
CHIEFS (L; F. N.)-Fashlon seems to
have' gone mad on the subject of color
as well as form this season, .and It has
extended to the handkerchief. If you
want the very newest thing In all white
effects the handkerchief of sheer linen
with eyelet hole edging and initials are
the latest. They are expensive accesso
ries when bought ready made, but if
you are expert with your needle they
can be readily copied and the designs
changed to give variety. For pick-up
work they make an ideal task, and the
result is well worth the time spent in
producing it. Next on the list are the
gay little French squares of cobwebiike
HINTS FOR THE DYSPEPTIC
(Marion)— A person suffering from in
digestion should never drink freely of
ice water cither with or between meals,
as it lowers the temperature of the
stomach and retards digestion. In the
morning when you feel so distressed
do not eat breakfast as soon as you
are up, but wait an hour. Occupy the
intervening time with some light ex
ercise and take half a pint of hot water
to rid the stomach of poisonous mucus
which has accumulated during the
night. The moment you are up take the
hot water, adding a few drops of lemon
juice to make It more palatable. In
a short time you will be able to take
it clear and increase the quantity to
a pint. You will find this wonderfully
helpful in cleansing the stomach. Next
massage over the stomach and ab
domen for ten minutes, using the hands
in a firm rotary pressure. If a roller
is used roll from right to left, reverse
and then up and down until the entire
surface has been covered several times.
It will give great relief.
5 feet 1 inch.... 120 pounds
5 feet 2 inches 12G pounds
3- feet 3 inches 133 pounds
5 feet 4 inches 136 pounds
5 feet 5 inches 142 pounds
5 feet 6 inches 14 5 / pounds
5 feet 7 inches. ...... 149' pounds
5 feet 8 inches 155 pounds
5 feet 9 inches 162 pounds
5 feet 10 inches 169 pounds
S. I. L. (Bleaching Hair).— No, you
misunderstood me about .the,, lemons.
I did not mean with the peroxide, but
by themselves in the rinsing water.
I would try that now and then instead
of using so much peroxide, for it is a
bleach in itself and a very harmless
one at that. You have been using too
much ammonia in the peroxide and
that has told on your hair. Try two
or three tablespoonfuls of ammonia in
the usual amount of peroxide and you
will find it will serve quite as well.
And if you possibly, can, sit in the sun
while it is drying. That' gives a glossy
look and it will also serve as a bleach
in itself. Besides it is a splendid tonic
and If you can manage to give your
hair a sun bath it will do it more good
than a course of treatment. .
Here is a splendid skin food:
White wax 1 ounce
Spermacetti 1 ounce
Lanolin : 2 ounces
Sweet almond oil 4 ounces
Cocoanut oil 2 ounces
Tincture of benzoin .....30 drops
Orange flower water ...2 ounces.
Melt the first five ingredients to
gether. Take off the, fire and beat
until nearly cold, adding, .-little by
little, the benzoin, and lastly the
orange flower water. ' m
MRS. C. J. B. (Musical Voice).— You
most certainly can train' your voice, but
it is going to take time and faithful
practice. However, it is well worth
the' energy and time expended. In the
first place, all sweet voices are low and
soft, and you can pitch yours to prac
tically suit yourself. Try speaking
first in a high key and then in a low
one. Really one cannot help you, for
it all depends entirely with yourself,
but when you have 'the house to your
self hold an animated conversation
with anything you may be working
upon and see the various keys 'that
you can use. Another thing, remember
and never speak loudly, for that in
itself frequently, makes the voice harsh
and stringent. If people do not hear
you, move nearer them, but persist in
speaking evenly and slowly, and. I am
certain that you will acquire as pleas
ing a voice as any one.
BROWN EYES (Brown Spots).— I am
sorry to say there is nothing t**w*\
than peroxide. I wonder if you have
used It full strength and if you have
put any ammonia with it. Do not be
discouraged but keep right on, for there
i3 no more powerful bleach, and if any
thing will remove that dark spot, per
oxide will. Now about those scars:
Again I am afraid, nothing will help
you. Where the flesh has been dis
figured it is difficult to patch it out
and make it look fresh without an op
eration, and even then it is frequent
ly a dismal failure. But really I would
not worry over those, for these days
every one wears such dainty, fluffy
neckwear that you can keep them cov
ered very nicely. If you want to wear
evening gowns buy sf heavy beaded
collar that is some two ' and a half
Inches high and wear that. It is not
only fashionable but very pretty and
vastly becoming to the majority of
people. If I hear of a good bleach I
will let you know, so glance over the
answers in order not to miss it.
AMY (For Dry" Hair).
Cocoanut oil ...1% ounces
Lanolin . .1 ounce
Glycerine . 4 drachms
Tincture of jabordanl... .4 drachms
Rub the mixture well into the hair
every night. It should remedy the dry
ness after a short time.
WEAK FEET AND ANKLES (Mrs.
N. M. H.)— The trouble of which you
complain is common to women whose
walking is largely confined; to smooth
floors. So little exertion is necessary
that the. muscles of the feet become
flabby and lacking in firmness arid con
trol/ hence when subjected only- oc
casionally to sudden twists, prolonged
pressure and other effects incident to
walking over paved streets or country
roads, the weakness is manifest in
blisters and a painful sense of strain.
Again, the habitual wearing of , very
snug shoes, which hold the muscles
perfectly rigid all day, causes them to
become Weak, losing elasticity, and not
responding to the extra strain brought
upon them without fatigue. Shoes
which are comfortably large will do
more to relieve the torture of corns
and bunions and strengthen the feet
by allowing room to expand and the
muscles to assert themselves than any
amount of local treatment in the way
of applications. In fact, little can real
ly be done to cure the .trouble until the
pressure Is removed which causes cal
loua growths and weakness. Last, but
by -V, t:<c^e\a h*v.if perfect cleanliness
a&v. toi*.c baths are essential. The lat
ter are particularly restful when the
feet are very sensitive, but you can
not -expect immunity from pain and
weakness until, by careful exercise, you
have strengthened the muscles. This
is most readily accomplished by a reg
ular dally walk in broad shoes of com
fortable length. They should be loose
enough to permit you to draw the feet
as well as the toes backward and for
ward easily. A simple exercise which
will strengthen the muscles of the feet,
ankles and legs Is to stand erect and
rise slowly upon the toes, coming down
lightly on the heels. Repeat until the
muscles are tired. At first it may be
tiresome after four or five efforts, but
persistent repetition will soon give
strength and endurance, then you will
be able to repeat the exercise twenty
times and do it several times a day.
Use the following excellent liniment
freely on the feet and ankles after ex
ercise and long walks to relieve sore
ness and pain: One half ounce each of
spirits of turpentine, oil of hemlock,
oil of cedar arid gum camphor to five
ounces of the best alcohol. ' Keep tight
ly corked and when using it rub in
thoroughly.
Answers £o
Correspondents
POINTS OF PHYSICAL, CULTURE
(Vera). — The sensible girl will under
stand that athletics do not stand for
unlady-like liberty, but a control of the
mental and physical forces. It is to be
regretted that thoughtless girls have
abused their privileges and under the
pretext of being athletic have become
loud and boisterous. This is the fault
of the individual and not of the train
ing she receives at the gymnasium. A
truly refined woman will never cease
to be a lady, all examples of women to
the contrary. Contact with the world
and a knowledge of physical culture
and sports will broaden and develop
her forces, but never coarsen them un
less she so wills. It will show her, as
nothing else will, the limitations of h«r
sex and point out privileges she may
Justly claim as her own, but she will
never take unfair advantage because
she Is a woman.
GRANULATED EYELIDS (Betty)—
Eyelids which are constantly fringed
»vith a crust of dandruff or grandula
tions are not in a -healthy condition,
and some treatment stronger than
"frequent bathing in clear water" Is
necessary to rid the lids of the disfig
uring excretion. Inflammation of the
lids undoubtedly exists and must be
overcome. The demands upon the sight
are so varied that few escape a chronic
state of Inflammation in a low degree,
which may manifest itself In redness
of the eyeballs or of the lids only, but
by regular and intelligent treatment
the trouble can usually be alleviated
by simple means. If the trouble is se
vere or you notice that the Irritation is
steadily increasing, then lose no time in
consulting a competent oculist, for un
der no circumstances is home treat
ment advisable. inflammation is
present, even in a low degree, it is
easily discovered in a strong light by
a close examination before a mirror.
You will observe that the network of
tiny veins which traverse the mem
branous lining of the lids are very red
and clearly defined; in a healthy state
they are hardly discernible. Bathe the
eyelids with clear, tepid water, holding
It on with a soft cloth, well saturated,
until the granulation is released. Then
use the following wash, which should
be prepared by a druggist, three or four
times daily and in the meantime avoid
ing eye strain as much as possible:
Take twelve grains of borax, four
grains of morphine, one teaspoonful
camphor water and four ounces of dis
tilled water. Mix. Paint the lids freely
with the solution, applying with a cam
elshair brush or a bit of absorbent cot
ton. If you get a few drops Into the
eyts, so much the better, as it will ma
terially hasten recovery. This may be
readily accomplished by the aid of a
medicine dropper.
linen and lawns, which are in plain,
solid colors, or the center may be em
bellished with tiny figures, dots, bow
knots or In garlands with one or more
colors, generally to match the border,
with a light touch of black to accentu
ate the pattern."* The "favorite gamut of
colors are lavenders, pinks, blues, car
dinal, black and a few in green. To be
strictly in style these fancy handker
chiefs must exactly match the princi
pal color of the gown. For practical
utility nothing can surpass the exqui
site handkerchiefs of very fine white
lawn having a narrow hemstitched
border, with the monogram of the own
er or her Initial surrounded by tiny
floral sprays or conventional forms em
broidered in fine white linen threads in
French "laid work," familiar to all
needlewomen.
very nervous temperament, particular
ly on a warm day, so that profuse re
spiration is often induced by such an
noyances alo-ne. Before retiring take
a tub bath In tepid water, using plenty
of soap and follow the bath with a
cold sponge bath and a thorough rub
down with a rather coarse towel. Thi3
will improve the circulation as well a3
give tone to the skin. As a tonic com
pletion to the toilet pour equal parts
of water and alcohol, about two ounces
each, in a small bowl and with a small
spenge quickly go over the entire body
letting the mixture dry on without
wiping. This will be found most re
freshing. After the mornlns sponge
bath dry the body and apply the fol
lowing lotion to the most affected parts
and allow it to dry on: Soft water one
quart, hydrate of, chloral two ounces.
Dusting the body "freely with a pure
talcum powder will also- afford great
relief. Avoid highly perfumed prepar
ations and sdaps, they are not used by
refined women who understand good
form. Wear cotton and linen waists,
which may be more readily kept im
maculate and be particular to renew
dress shields frequently, buying only
such as can be laundered, as a matter
of economy.
Now that shops have imported lace
makers and skilled workers in linen the
girl who has plenty of money to spend
is In clover. All her lingerie bears her
monogrdm and perhaps a crest. Not
the smallest trifle is forgotten and her
dainty cobweb handkerchiefs are truly
things of beauty. When she arrives at
the state of furnishing her house she
walks into a f>hop, looks extremely
wise as she makes her selections of va
rious linens and monograms and then
goes serenely on her way, knowing full
well that all the supplies will be deliv
ered in duo time ready for use. Fancy
what a tremendous satisfaction them
must be In that! But on the other
hand,, think of the satisfaction that
comes from the* knowledge that all the
pretty, useful articles were made by
yourself and that every stitch was
sewed firmly down with bits of senti
ment and castle building. And of the
two, which would you?
THERE la a new wrinkle in mark
ing linen that serves the busy
housewife decidedly well and
that fairly delights the heart of
the girl who is intent on stocking her
dower chest. Instead of blocking in
the letters and then working them over
and over until she fairly sees double
and has von a reputation for being
a cross patch, she serenely puts on her
daintiest frock and her most becoming
hat and marches herself straightway
downtown on a shopping bee. Once
there she invests in a liberal supply
of finished initials that are all ready
to be appliqued on. and lo and behold,
her troubles are more than half over.
The woman who has not served her
apprenticeship at embroidering, espe
cially initials, even though they be over
papier mache foundations, may smile
to herself and think that there is much
ado about nothing:, but give her even
so small a task as a dozen napkins
and she speedily changes her mind.
For some reason or other this sort of
work is especially tiresome and the
very monotony of working: dozens and
dozens of pieces has a tendency to
make one hate the chest and all the
dainty things that have been so care
fully laid away in it.
Of course, these letters all ready to
sew on are not appropriate for all man
ner of things, but nevertheless they
are a decided comfort and a great con
venience as well. Towels, especially in
. outfits, come not less than five dozens,
and five times twelve makes just about
sixty initials that may be put on in
two or three days, whereas it would
take a few weeks to embroider them
and a great deal of time and strength
in the bargain. Sheets and pillow
clips, tea cloths and, in fact, all house
hold supplies, excepting, of course,
table linen, may be neatly and service
ably marked in this fashion and will
do quite as well as the handwork to
all intents and purposes.
These little inexpensive treasures
are one of the best things that a bride
to-be can possibly invest in, for when
the has a thousand and one things to
do at one and the same time, she
doesn't know which way to turn first.
And brides, by the way, generally
make the mistake of storing their
chest with absoultely everything that
they can possibly think of. They pack
away sets and sets of everything in
lavender and occasionally permit some
favored friend to "come and see"
while the lady plumes herself and
thinks she has done something re
markably fine. And then what hap
pens? Unless 'she is to be mistress of a
large house, her pretty things stay in
the chests and slowly but surely grow
old with age. Sweet scented, to be
sure, but undeniably yellow.
If she Is a practical little woman out
they all come and a good tubbing
makes them look quite iike .new, but
after all what's the use ot having more
than can be used comfortabl*?
Besides this there is another side to
the question. After her ladyship has
had time to stop and breathe she sud
denly wakes up to the fact that she is
so tired she can scarcely see straight.
— so tired she hardly knows what the
matter is with herself. She is cross.
She is peevish. She Is scandalously
thin- But the outfit is finished and
she takes comfort in that blessed fact
That may be very fit and fine, but in
these days of practicability It is scarce
ly a paying proposition to reduce one's
eelf to a shadow. And for such a poor
cause, too. Undoubtedly, all linen
should be marked, but there are ways
and ways of doing: it and life is too
short for one to become a slave to
household duties.
A pood style for ordinary towels is
the rlain initial worked on a bit of
linen that in turn is finished heavily
m the ends. They look a little as
though they had been buttonholed and
as though each little plac£ for the
thread had been finished for that one
thread alone. And, of a truth, that Is
about the facts of the case. Sewing
these on is the simplest matter In the
world, for when each little hole is duly
attended to the trick is finished.
For a better grade towel there are
fancier initials and quite a bit larger
as well. The linen is finished with a
number of fancy frills and furbelows
that look very pretty but that require
somewhat of a knack to applique on
well. The little edges that resemble
French embroidery are not supposed
to be tacked securely in place, and in
all probability would look more flower
like and more attractive if they were
permitted to stand up jauntily, but the
pretty effect is entirely ruined If they
are sent to the regulation laundry. The
dainty edges seem intent on making
the acquaintance of the sharpest point
of the iron and if they are sent home
without a frayed end and a number of
broken stitches one may consider it a
bit of good luck.
A far better scheme is to take a
stout thread and as fine a needle a3
will carrr it and make small, round
stitches all the way about the linen,
taking care not to miss a space large
enough to hold the thread. Forty
thread is not too coarse and it is strong
enough to withstand the ravages of the
tub for many a long day.
Sheeting requires a letter that comes
especially for it, and the size depends
entirely upon the state of the ex
chequer. The ordinary one Is about
two and a half inches long and is rath
er plainly finished, but the more elab
orate one is a trimming in itself. In
the first place it is some five inches
long, too large for anything else. The
linen is exquisitely embroidered and is
made of very fine linen, so that
the finished sheet is most attractive.
And sheets, by the way, are being
more trimmed every day. The thrifty
housewife who prided herself on her
supplies used to consider herself in
clover if all .her sheets and pillow cases
v. ere hemstitched. That was about the
nicest way to finish bedding and she
found time to provide herself with a
few for the guest's chamber at any
rate. But these days she needs some
thing even more elaborate and more
betrimmed. The finest sheets display a
heavy border of flowers, a heavy spray
of leaves or even some conventional de
sign, but the simpler ones are content
with a pretty piece of embroidered in
sertion, and, of course, the cases are
made to match. All widths and all
patterns are used, even to the finest
quality, but when a particularly dainty
flowery design is utilized, the sheeting
is not cut out underneath, unless one
has absolutely no regard for one's
pocketbook.
Breakfast napkins are the only ones
that may be marked with these ap
pliqued initials, and then, they, by the
,way, must be of an entirely different
variety. Unfortunately they come In
but one size and always in a plain let
ter that is not surrounded by linen
that shows decidedly and distinctly
that it is appliqued rather than em
broidered. They have but one fault
and that is if they are not beautifully
put on they look infinitely worse than
none at all, so it behooves one to make
the neatest of stitches.
Even in so small a thing as marking
linen there are always some changes
that one should pay attention to. For
instance, towels are not marked In the
corners any longer. Instead, the letter
is placed in the center of an end and
then it depends entirely upon the finish
of the towel itself. The 'hemstitched
ones usually have the letter about two
Inches above the hem, but the damask
effects have them farther away than
that.
Tea cloths and the like for kitchen
wear may be marked in a variety of
ways, but the newest and most satis
factory method is to order the entire
name worked in red in small pieces of
tape. This, of course, is machine work,
but it is neat and very serviceable and
plenty good enough. These little let
ters come In. a variety of sizes and
shapes and there certainly is no gain
saying the fact that it is a splendid
scheme to have these smaller : articles
labeled plainly and with the full name,
for Jane Smith. does, not run many
chances of losing them in the laundry,
and in this way a generous supply will
last for years and years.
Again, one may order a simple red
initial or a red monogram, but they are
absolutely plain and never come larger
than what is known as the "inch size."
That is,. of course, unless one is willing
to pay a fancy price for such an order,
and then all is plain sailing.
n*iffM~Miriia'¥i«[WMui*ii«iiM i i .
12
THE . SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
WHAT WOMEN
WANT
TO KNOW
JOE BOSENBERCPS.
/fWAIITED—^V
B 1090 Women to ia-^k
j| spect Ihesa bigs. ¦
If Ws are posiiiYs I]
If they will please ||
p jour ejes — more |i
p so jour purse. { J
* Child's Handbaff — HI
L" Made of Imported C
£« Lavant Kid Leath- Nj
;''¦ er. handle polished. B]
\ steel frame, near £$j
* silk lined, with coin H
1 purse and mirror Rl
| inside: Kray, tan Fn
& and black; price gl
r Ladles' Handbag; — K-j
IS- Made of monkey- iii
b skin round leather, {§!
S braided handle, l-H
tgj ntckel-platAd tram<\ tit
igi moire lined, with 1|§
ha coin purse to match If]
B| lnsi.1«, new shapes, ft I
K» In tan. also black; If
P Price ooc SS
Egl Th» Peggie from £ '
m P»ri» BagwMadeHf
[,\ of soft morocco Iff
{£. skin, extra long Jffl
Eg and strong leather £ }
ra handles, rilt frame |§
Eg with patent cla.^p. |$|
it black and cham- 6*1
U pasne; price.fl.OOgf
"*n joe H
! ROSENBERG 1
ffl Th« Pries-Cnttr, | ]
I 815 MARKET ST. II
|t1 O'FmRREU ST. 1
H'Thj Star* Tiit'i Ktrer ¥i
? fi CadersaH. ||HAIR OF FEVER PATIENTS (Ida).
Leading ..physicians have admitted
publicly that the old theory of cutting
the hair ' of fever patients has long
since ¦exploded and is now rarely prac
ticed by prominent members of the
profession. "While every one has more
or less knowledge, gained from experi
ence or hearsay, concerning the detri
mental effects of fever upon the hair,
comparatively few know how to treat
the hair after an illness so that it
may be largely . retained. Of course,
there are cases where it seems almost
impossible to prevent .great loss of
hair, yet, on the other hand, careful
arid prompt treatment will oftentimes
have a most beneficial result and save
the patient that distressing "recon
struction period" which ensues if the
hair Is cut off. The direct cause of the
loss of, hair during fevers is that the
unnatural heat parches the second
Answers to
Correspondents
read the word "mother." Looking at
that chin he knows that it will never
wrinkle petulantly at the refusal of a
new bonnet, that It will never grow
hard and cruel with angry fits of tem
per,, that it will never quiver weakly in
moments of trial, that from the lips
above it only kisses and kind words
and fairy stories can come. The girl
with the Madonna chin Is the ideal
combination of sweetheart and wife,
cook and companion, sentiment and
sense— that only one man in a thou
sand ever gets. She is the real goddess
Madonna chin speaks for itself. Its
attributes do not have to be described.
They are all written right out upon
the girl's face. Looking at a girl with
the Madonna chin a man can see past
her into long, quiet, sunny years. The
very tilt of her chin seems to spell
"home," the very curve of her throat
was made for kisses. In the set of her
lips a lover can see a perfectly, ordered
house. In the turn of her cheek he can
His money will flow like water down
hill, but he will get a good time for it.
If he is rich his wife will make him
poor in short order; but if he is poor
she will not mind it In the least, but
will live quite as happily on a little
love, a little poetry and bread and tea.
If he is young she will inspire him,
and if he is old she will rejuvenate
him. If he is bad tempered she will
keep him cheerful and if he is buoy
ant she will help him make merry.
In short, nobody would think of call
ing her "a good wife," but she makes
an Ideal "sweetheart," and that is
what most men really want beside
them through life.
If he had his choice in feminine
chins, perhaps every man who ; is
thinking of getting married would in
variably pick out a girl with the Ma
donna chin, that Indescribably sweet
chin, all curves, no angles and with a
deep horizontal cut Just beneath the
lower lip. Such a girl Is as safe an
Investment as Government bonds. The
The man who marries the girl with
no chin at all will never be able to
decide whether he is glad or sorry
that he did it- In the morning when
he is gulping down a cup of cold and
sloppy coffee and trying to find his
hat under a mass of newspapers, books
and umbrellas In the. hall, he will softly
curse fate that he ever saw the woman
seated opposite him in all the glory
of curl papers and a soiled satin kim
ona. But In the evening when he
comes home tired and austy from the
office, to be met with a kiss and a
song on a vine-clad piazza, with roses
growing all about It, ne will wonder
why he ever was discontented. On the
first of the month, when he finds that
there is not enough money in the bank
to meet the bills, a deep sympathy for
himself will spring up in his heart;
but the next evening, wnen she tells
him by the light of the moon that she
used the money to help a poor old lady
and bought a present for his mother
and took a lot of flowers to the hospi
tal, he will kick himself for his own
meanness. He will live In a constant
atmosphere of poetry, roses, sachet
powder, debts, dirt, dust and dreams.
He will never be able to find a clean
collar, a whole 'Bock or a waist
coat with the buttons all on
It; but he will always be allowed
to smoke his pipe in any room in the
house, put his feet 'on the satin parlor
chairs, and go to an Astor ball in his
bathrobe, if he chooses.
There is a type of woman who has
no chin at all. The lower part of her
face Is merely a gentle slope with a
turn in to the throat. Her sweetheart
might gaze at her fondly for seven
evenings out of the weeK without ever
being made aware of the presence of
her chin; and yet, that gentle slope is
a most wonderful index to her charac
ter. It Is the keynote to a penny novel
full of sentiment. It is the sentimental
chin.
with just 10 cents car fare and a lunch
bun in your pocket. She will know all
your opinions and most of your senti
ments before you have uttered them;
she will pick out your acquaintances,
select your pastimes and choose your
reading matter for you. As her chin .
becomes more pointed her remarks will
become more pointed; as her chin gets
sharper her tongue will get sharper; as
her curves become angles her sugges
tions will become commands. There will
be plenty of starch In your shirts and
your waistcoats, but there won't be
much starch left In you. Your house
will be run on an economical plan, but
you will never get enough to eat. Your
money will be carefully saved, but you
won't get any of it. Your household
will be beautifully ordered, but you will
do none of the ordering. In short, if
you want a prop instead of a pillow, a
better half instead of a weaker half, a
commander instead of a lieutenant,
pick out the girl with a firm chin
above her collar line, and blame no
body but yourself. You will go through
life like a novice taking a spin In an
automobile beside an expert chauffeur.
From the day that you walk to the al
tar until the day that you march to
the divorce court, or are driven to the
graveyard, you will never get youf
hand on the lever.
layer of skin, or cellular- membrane,
containing in its cells the coloring mat
ter which, seen through the cuticle,
constitutes the color of the skin, and
the third or lower layer, the cutis.
from which the hair springs; deprived
of Its natural oil and moisture the hair
withers and falls. Brush and sponge
the scalp thoroughly to remove the
dead scarf skin and cleanse the pores.
Then rub the following tonic Into the
scalp dally, manipulating the scalp
with the finger tips in a soft punch-
Ing movement to excite active circula
tion: To four ounces of castor oil add
eight ounces of best Jamaica rum,
thirty drops of oil of lavender and ten
drops of oil of rose. Shake well be
fore applying. Brush the hair gently
after treatment to remove all loose
hairs which are so irritating, arrang
ing it loosely to admit the air freely,
which will greatly assist in restoring
normal conditions.
HINTS FOR STOUT FOLK (Marie).
When a woman is hungry all the
time and is constantly Increasing in
weight, It should be self-evident that
she is eating too heavily. Begin at
once to rigidly enforce self-control if
you hope to keep within bounds as to
size. Very healthy persons w J hose di
gestion Is perfect undoubtedly feel hun
ger acutely and are inclined to eat
more than Is wise or needful with the
idea in mind that they need It or be
cause it tastes good. Such people lose
sight of the fact that a morbid appe
tite for food can be created and in
creased by over-indulgence Just as is
the case with liquor, and that eventu
ally overburdened nature will exact a
penalty In a superabundance of flesh
or. It may be, in some serious organic
trouble. To eat three heavy meals
each day with glasses of milk at night,
and then walk a mile daily to reduce
flesh Is about as effective as feeding
a fire with a generous hand and then
trying to extinguish the increasing
blaze with a puny stream of water. I
repeat, self-control Is the first requisite
in reducing flesh. By all means take
the exercise, but curb your appetite.
VENTILATION- AT NIGHT <& B.
L.) — A delicate person finds it almost
impossible to admit sufficient air into
the chamber at night without catching
cold if the window is kept open after
retiring. A much better way of ven
tilating the sleeping room, admitting
plenty of air without distressing re
sults. Is to change the air before re
tiring and then by leaving the window
open a few Inches it will keep quits
pure all night. For an hour or two
before retlrlns have opposite windows
open and If possible an equal distance
from the top and bottom, and thus
permit the fresh air to rush in. Th«
room may seem cold, but the air will
prove all the more invigorating to tired
nerves. Shut off the heat partially,
and, depend upon it. you will feel 50
per cent better the next morning.
REST AFTER SHOPPING (C. M.
L.) — After a busy day spent in shop
ping or in social duties, when every
nerve is tingling from the strain which
exacting duties demanded, do not at
tempt to go through an evening In this
jaded state. Bathe the hands and face
and sponge with some cooling toilet
vinegar, yiip on a kimona and give
yourself up to an hour of complete
rest before dressing for dinner, if it is
in any way possible. If you can catch
a few moments of sleep during this
resting period, all the better. The very
act of undressing will in itself be re
freshing. The tired muscles and flesh,
held in by close bands about the waist,
will have a chance to relax and this
will prove wonderfully restful. A quick
sponge bath and an alcohol rub down
is another lnvigorator which is well
worth trying. After this little care of
yourself put on your prettiest gown
and if your husband unexpectedly
brings a friend home to dine you may
feel as serene as only a well gowned
and refreshed woman can feel. It Is
a duty every woman owes herself and.
her family to be at her very best at
the evening meal, when the toil and
fret of the day ir; laid aside. Encour
age evcrj' member of the family to co
operate in this plan and they will soon
learn to look forward to this hour as
the beginning of all good things rather
thantha end. Family dinners are too
often a failure simply because there Is
little or no effort made to keep the
conversation In a pleasant channel; If
then* is a grievance it is sure to be
ventilated, a thing which should not
be tolerated. In h!3 inimitable man
ner Thackeray speaks of the company
dinner and how "the house assumes a
neat,. jovial, snug appearance, not vis
ible at other seasons." Why cannot
this fame state of pleasure be main
tained when the family is alone? l 1 It
is worth wondering over.
SEWING BY LAMPLIGHT (J. V. S.).
Why the doing of needlework in mod
eration and ill health are synonymous
I cannot imagine unless the worker Is
careless as to her lights. Long evenings
can be passed pleasantly and profitably
In sewing If the conditions are favor
able, otherwise it Is a case of burning
the candle at both ends. First of all.
a clear, steady light is essential, and
the more tthe better; it should be shad
ed so that the full rays will fall di
rectly upon the work in hand, for this
relieves the eyes of any strain incident
to a glare. Flickering gas is perhaps
the poorest and most trying of all
lights, unless it be an unshaded electric
bulb, which is simply ruinous to sight.
The best of all lights for night work
Is the good, old-time lamp, well filled
with kerosene oil. the well-trimmed
blaze covered by an immaculate chim
ney and shaded by an opaque white
porcelain shade. I am fully aware that
It is neither an artistic nor up-to-date
lamp, but it has the merit of being
highly practical, which cannot be said
of the lamps with fancy colored globes
and shades, which mask the light so
completely that close observation is im
possible. Having settled the question
of light, use some judgment in the se
lection of the material on which to sew.
Do not attemot to work on black or on
very dark colors; red la particularly
trying to the eyes, as is material with
fine stripes or checks. Reserve such
goods for daylight work, and at night
work on white and delicate colors as
much as you can. By right planning
the different colors can be made up un
der the best light and thus save much
needless exhaustion. Changing from
one color to another in sewing at night
will sometimes prove very restful If the
eyes are becoming tired.
Decide upon a common sense basis as
to quality and quantity, selecting tha
diet with due regard to its value to
the system, avoiding sweets, fats and
starchy foods. By beginning at the
root of the evil the danger of obesity
may be averted. It is suggested that
you join a gymnasium class and prac
tice faithfully under a competent
teacher, or get a punching bag and
pulley exerciser, using them two hours
daily. For outdoor exercise walk two
miles daily or play golf or tennis, if
preferred.
T\T OT one man in a hundred ever
/ \| looks at a girl's chin unless
I \ there is a dimple in it. Even
V. when a merry bachelor be
comes thoughtful enough about
fome one grirl to wonder whether
black eyes really do mean a jealous
nature, or if there is anything in the
Faying that red hair and a high tem
per invariably go together, or whether
anybody who is used to Paris frocks
could be satisfied with home-made
cotton shirt waists, it never occurs to
him to look at her chin for the an
pwer. Even if he should try, his glance
probably would get lost in the laces
beneath it. or caught in the eyes or
the lips above it. or would stray away
to the court plaster patch at the side
of it It could not be expected that a
man who had never seen a woman's
chin flare up dangerously over the
coffee urn at breakfast or settle down
in a hard line over the butcher's bill
or tremble tearily at the refusal of a
new hat would know just how much
there is in the tilt and the curve and
the dimple of that one feature of every
feminine face. And yet on the tilt
of that little point in each woman's
face is balanced some man's fate.
Around the curve of it is woven a
whole lifetime of happiness or misery
for some unsuspecting 1 fellow who will
Fome day kiss it, and in its very
dimple lurks mystery and misery and
enough other ingredients of matri
monial happiness an«i unhapiness to
till a pamphlet on "How to Choose a
Indeed the dimple in a pretty girl s
chin is the most subtle bit of decep
tion into which a young and unsus
pecting bachelor may stumble. If it is
the angels who kiss dimples into a
baby's cheeks, then it is the devil who
bites the dimple into a baby's chin. !
and with it he leaves a large chunk of
vanity, self-assurance and conceit that
Fomehow never gets lived down or
worked out of the system. The girl
with a dimple in her chin is invariably
fascinating. Hip Majesty Satan proba
bly sees to that, too. But from the
day on which she outs her first tooth
until the day on which she signs her
will and ceases to smile above that
dimple she cares more for a ribbon
than she does for her soul's salvation,
more for a yard of lace than for her
sweetest illusions and more for a dol
lar bill from her husband's pocket
book than for all the devotion of his
heart. Let Algernon beware of Dor
othy if she has a dimple in her chin
end he has not a million to his ac
count in the bank. He may look at
the dimple a moment or two and ad
mire it duly, but after that he had
best take his hat and stick and depart
before the hypnotism of the dimple
begins to work its charm. The
woman with a dimple in her chin has
eent more defaulters to Canada, put
more counterfeiters behind bars and
<Jriven more men to the gambling ta
ble than anybody dreams. For the
R-irl with a dimpled chin has but to
tilt that chin on one side and smile
to get anything In the world she wants
— and there is not much in the world
that she doesn't want. If you are rich
and don't mind being impoverished;
if you want a pretty, automatic doll
that can say "I love you" for a new
frock and give you an automatic kiss
every time It wants a bonnet or a box
at the opera; if you would just as soon
be considered In the light of a con
venient money box In your own house;
if you would rather give than receive,
love than be loved, slave than be ca
tered to — then marry the girl with a
dimple In her chin. You will get just
what you want — a beautiful, expensive
toy. with sawdust instead of a heart,
plaster of paris emotions, the Impres
sionableness of indiarubber and an
Intellect — as deep as her dimple.
If you are thinking of marrying a
jrirl with a long, square chin, a girl
who holds her head straight, taut and
high, with the point of the chin pro
truding until it is Just on a line with
the point of her nose— stop! That is,
ptop unless she is already thinking of
marrying you. in which case the ad
vice is useless. For she is the girl with
a "firm chin." Whether you ever have
murmured a word of love to her or not,
whether you e\-er have even so much
as held her hand or looked a minute
longer into her eyes than necessary,
she has doubtless already selected her
trousseau, picked out a flat and decided
whether or not to buy the furniture on
the Installment plan. Marry her if you
must; but say good-by to your club
and put your pipe away in the bottom
chiffonier drawer. You will have an ac
count In the bank inside of a year, but
you will still be wearing your last
spring's trousers and your old shoes
•with a new oatch In them. She will
make you a beautiful cup of coffee In
Ihe morning, and send you to business
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
BY THE TILT OF HER CHIN
MAY YE KNOW WHAT'S WITHIN.purest, water . and numerous streanas
ripple among the. hills. Its perfect
drainage, high . location and .sufficient
transportation facilities, make it an
Ideal place. for extensive public insti
tutions. Hospitals and homes for in
firm and unfortunate nurses will be
established by the Red Cross and the
officials of the society w*ho have view
ed the place declare that no. better site
could be obtained anywhere for such
purposes. )
The tract will contain many build
ings. when the plans are fully carried
out, for, besides . the hospitals, cottage
homes for nurses and 'Storehouses,
there will be a fireproof building, in
which will be stored all the trophies,
keepsakes and souvenirs presented to
the Red Cross, in all parts of the
world. ,
Dr. Gardner presented the tract of
.land to the Red Cross as a "thank of
fering to humanity." ,
At present the tract is under the
charge ¦. and superintendency of Dr.
Gardner, .who has been selected by the
Red Cross for that station. There are
a village, schoolhouse, postofflce and
railroad station on the farm, and Dr.
Gardner employs a large force of men
in beautifying and Improving the place.
The large residence, which is situated
en the highest hill, from which a mag
nificent view la spread, is made to ex
press its acquired character of Red
Cross Home. It bears upon many of its
angles red crosses, embellished with a
silver and gold background.
Dr. and Mrs. Gardner have earned a
reputation in Red Cross work, both
being officers in the American society.
General Shafter witnesses that Mrs.
Gardner was the only woman, except
Clara Barton, who was on the firing
line before Santiago, and she is re
membered by every soldier of that bat
tle as the woman who furnished him
wit> food and many comforts while
Miss Barton was journeying back to
the coast for supplies. Mrs. Gardner
nursed General Harry L. Egbert on the
firing line at Santiago. He wm later
killed in the Philippines.
I^N a beautiful and romantic location
four miles south of the city of Bed
ford, Ind., there is a tract of 782
acres that is the only piece of neu
tral ground on the American continent,
or, more properly, the Western Hemis
phere., It is protected by the interna
tional treaty against the tread of hos
tile feet. It is a perpetual sanctuary
against the invading armies of forty
two nations under the sacred treaty of
Geneva.
Dr. Joseph Gardner of Bedford, Ind.,
donated the ,tract of land to Clara
Barton for the Red Cross. The gift
¦was accepted by Miss Barton, in the
name of the Red Cross Society of the
¦World, and immediate steps were
taken to secure the passage cf proper
laws by Congress to forever secure the
magnificent gift to the uses and pur
poses desired by the donor and Miss
Barton. ";
Forty-one nations besides the United
States Joined in ratif ying ; the terms of
the treaty at Geneva, which forever es-
tablishes the tract as exempt from war
and secures the institutions to be
founded there . from any form of In
vasion whatever. In return for this
international action the Red Cross, true
to its purpose, will prepare the place
for such possible emergencies as may
arise in the future of nations. Primarily
•the place will not be set over exclu
sively for the establishment of hospi
tals to care for wounded soldiers, but
will also embody a large plan to secure
to Red'Cross workers from every quar
ter of the world a permanent home to
which they, may retire to be cared for
during the remainder of their lives, out
of the furtds of the Red Cross Society of
the .world. ... ¦ ; .
¦ In donating the ; tract to the .Red
Cross Dr. ; Gardner suggested that it
would make an admirable location for
the American storehouses, invalid
homes, hospitals' and nurse school
supply depot of the Red Cross in this
country. This suggestion has been
approved by the Red Cross officials.
It is . abundantly supplied - with . the
NEUTRAL TO ALL NATIONS
one foot high and one foot broad.'
The balance chamber was in the
first days of the torpedo often called
the "secret" chamber because Mr.
Whitehead only allowed the secrets of
its mechanism to be explained to those
who signed a paper promising not to
divulge what they learned. The
secret is now so well known that it
is no breach of confidence to ex
plain that the mechanism consists of
a. combination of hydrostatic valve
and pendulum which controls horizon
tal rudders in the tail of the torpedo.
The hydrostatic valve is supported by
springs against the pressure of water
due to the depth at which the torpedo,
is traveling, so that the depth can'
be regulated by increasing or dimin
ishing the compression of the springs.
With a fast-running torpedo the
pressure on the rudders themselves is
so considerable as to render it neces
sary to use an engine to work them.
The balance chamber combination of
hydrostatic valve and pendulum, there
fore, operates a small valve in a servo
motor engine, the piston of which
moves In obedience to the valve, and
in its turn moves the horizontal rud
ders. The servo-motor is worked by
compressed air, and is' to the torpedo
what steam steering gear s is. to a
steamer. The engines are triple-cyl
inder, single-acting, they. run,at about
1200 revolutions a minute : and develop
about 45 horsepower. ' - *
The Whitehead torpedo could be ad
justed to run a fairly straight course
from a fixed launching apparatus; but
it was not very reliable under the con
ditions which must prevail in warfare,
when it has to be flred from a moving
vessel. Therefore, until recently, it was
generally considered that 400 "yards
would be about the correct range at
which to discharge a torpedo against
an enemy. Under these circumstances
there is but slight wonder that up till
the present war very little execution
has been done with torpedoes. The in
vention of the gyroscope, however,
completely altered matters. A gyro
scope for steering torpedoes was sev
eral times proposed, but it was left to
THIS famous Whitehead torpedoes,
the most terrible engines of de
struction that have ever been In
vented, are manufactured" in
Austria, from where they are supplied
to nearly every country in the world.
Great Britain end Russia are the*ex
ceptior.s, although the French, Ger
mans. Danes and Italians make a cer
tain proportion of torpedoes at home,
and even the Japanese, resourceful in
this as in eo many other directions, .
manufacture a few for themselves.
P Though there are many types of tor
>does, yet the standard dimensions
ay be taken at a diameter of IS
inches and a length of 16 feet 5 inches
for ell thips-of-war except torpedo
boats, and these carry torpedoes hav
ing a diameter of 14 inches and a length
of 14 feet 10 inches. The Russian torpe
do has a diameter of 15 inches and is
19 feet long.
* As with nil sships-of-war and wea
pons, improvements are being con
stantly made in the Whltehead torpe
do, and ceaseless experiments combined
with the application of untiring ener
gy and the nicest skill have made the
present-day torpedo the beautiful and
marvelous weapon that it is. The im
provements are in the direction* of
speed and in the torpedo's range of ac
tion. The speed chiefly depends upon
the pressure at which the torpedo can,
in its air vessel, carry the compressed
air which is used for propelling _it
through the water. Until quite recently
this pressure did not exceed 100 atmos
pheres (about 1500 pounds per square
inch); but Messrs. Whitehead have
now produced a new torpedo in which
the pressure is to be no less than about
22«0 pounds per square inch.
A torpedo is constructed in the fol
lowing parts:' The head, which incloses
in %var time the charge of gun cotton
or similar high explosive; the air cham
ber, which is about eight feet Ions:: the
balance chamber, for regulating the
depth at which the torpedo travels: the
engine room, the after part of which
now contains the wonderful gyroscope,
which is literally the brain of the tor
pedo; and the tail. Indeed, the torpe
do is by no means unlike a human
body, for in addition to its brain it has
its lungs in the shape of the air cham
ber and its heart in the form of the en-
Kine-room. And very tough lunprs they
are, too, and a very stout heart it is.
for the little engines develop no less
than 43 horsepower.
The charge of explosive in the head
has varied a good deal with different
patterns or makes of torpedoes, but
it has never been less than 125 pounds
or more than 180 pounds. The lesser
charge would probably either disable
or sink a ship, however large; while
the greater charge would, if properly^
exploded, almost certainly cause her'
to Kink at once. -.;
The charge is fired by a percussion
arrangement which is "safe" until the
torpedo has traveled for a certain dis
tance. The violent blow with which
the point of the torpedo would strike
a vessel is enough to fire the primer
and charge by means of a simple rod
or striker impinging on a detonator.
The safety gear to prevent a prema
ture explosion only consists of a screw
nut on the striker, which is fitted with
small blades like a screw propeller,
which screw back the nut as the tor
pedo passes through the water, and
so allow the striker to have play
enough to strike the detonator.
The air chamber is made from a
steel forging; its walls are three
eighths of an inch thick, and after
having been machined as a hollow
cylinder the ends are screwedTin and
soldered to make them air tight The
forgings, for these chambers have to
be most carefully made, and have to
pass elaborate tests.
The capacity of the air chamber
for an eighteen-jnch torpedo is about
ten cubic feet, but for the latest 150
atmosphere torpedo this capacity has
been increased to about eleven cubic
feet. In other words, the process of
"charging an air chamber of ten cubic
feet to 100 , atmospheres' means that
all the air in a* room ten feet long,
ten feet feroad and ten feet high Is
pressed into a vessel ten feet long.
THE MARVELOUS TORPEDO
an Austrian engineer named M. Orby
to invent the mechanism by which the
gyroscope could be made practicable.
So perfect is the "gyro" now that if
a torpedo be launched in a certain di
rection it 'will maintain that direction
to the end of its run. It is this little
instrument which has made long-range
firing with torpedoes practicable. .
The gyroscope is to the torpedo
what the flywheel is to a watch." It
consists of a wheel about »f our and a
half inches in diameter, with a heavy
periphei-y. This wheel can be engaged
with mechanism attached to a strong
clock spring. The wheel is in a gim
bal frame, and on the frame is a small
lever which controls a tiny air valve.
The air valve can admit pressure to
one side or the other of a piston in
a cylinder, and by suitable rods and
which 5 action also locks the gyroscope
wheel in a certain plane. When the
torpedo is launched a lever, ia thrown
over,, an act which admits the air from
the air chamber to the main engines,
and at the same time releases the
clock spring mechanism- This sets the
gyroscope spinning at i a .very high
speed, and, having done so, releases it,
so that it is left spinning freely. It
will therefore resist any motion tend
ing to change the plane in which it is
spinning. If the torpedo swerves to
the right or left the little air valve
opens in -the direction necessary to
move over ,the vertical rudder to cor
rect the deflection. "" It i3 only when
the torpedo has assumed' the 'direc
tion In* which it lay immediately be
fore launching that the vertical rud
ders come "amidships."
The- "gyro" is a delicate instrument
and has to be not only carefully kept
levers the action of the piston Is com
municated to a pair of vertical rud
ders. Before launching the torpedo
the clock spring is, wound up by hand,
but frequently treated for adjustment.
It Is therefore made so that it can be
readily removed from the torpedo. It
is generally kept in ! a little box and
most ingenious appliances ' are pro
vided for adjusting it. When in the
torpedo the "gyro" finds its place in
the after body. ¦ < i
So- muchr for the torpedo and its
mechanism. Ufet us now look at the
means 'for launching- it.
• All modern ships of considerable size
are fitted with submerged torpedo
tubes— in other words, launching appa
ratus below the water line. The two
best known systems are those of the
British "Admiralty pattern and the
Armstrong pattern. > Both systems are
kept as, secret, as possible,- but it may
be said that the principal difference Is
that in the Admiralty tube the bar or
shield is run out before firing the tor
pedo and run-in after firing, while in
the Armstrong tube the torpedo and
shield go • out together and the shield
returns automatically as soon as the
torpedo, has gone.
In the Admiralty tube the torpedo Is
ejected by compressed air— that is, the
tube may be looked upon as a gun and
the torpedo as the shot. A charge of
compressed air is introduced and shoots
out the torpedo. In the Armstrong tube
either cordite or compressed air can be
used.
All the Japanese ships above 9000
tons are fitted with the Armstrong sub
merged torpedo tubes, and the Rus
sians also employ this tube.
Small vessels, such as torpedo-boat
destroyers and torpedo-boats, are much
too small to carry submerged torpedo
tubes, so they are provided with
"above-water" tubes. These are very
simple apparatus, consisting of a
smooth tube into which the torpedo is
placed and from which it is ejected
again by means of either cqmpressed
air or cordite, usually the latter. The
torpedo i3 shot out into the air and
falls into the water, where it quickly
picks up its depth under the influence
of the balance mechanism and horizon
tal rudders, and its direction from the
gyroscope and vertical rudders.
None of the torpedoes now being used!
in the Far East are of the 150 atmos
phere pattern, but they are all fitted
with gyroscopes and are capable of
ranging 2000 yards.
most serviceable and right swagger in
the bargain. And they do cover up
such a multitude of sins! You can get
off at every station, investigate to your
heart's content and impress the way
side natives with your trig appearance
and ten minutes later display a woe
fully rumpled waist and a belt that
fails to make all connections.
Other than this, it is delightfully
light and airy for every day wear and
you will soon discover after walking
miles in a day that the costume whose
weight is nil is the one that will be
your prime favorite. Again, for even
ing wear thi3 self-same cloak will be
a great convenience and even if it is
unlined, you will find it plenty warm
enough.
Fast transportation, fine living and
an abundance of pretty frocks cost
moat woefully, and after all is said and
done, Is one any the better—off for it?
You can't see any more and as a rule
you are not any happier, and it is a
piece of absolute folly unless you count
your dollars as the majority of people
count their pennies. The traveling bee
has so infested the country that it has
but a case of gad from one place to
another, glancing here and glancing
there and seeing just as little as pos
sible.
But If you really want to see the
fair and are not too proud to take mod
est accommodations you can do it
cheaply and well. Don't try to live at
a hotel and be on hand for all your
meals, for nine times out of ten you
will find yourself blocks away and as
hungry as a bear at meal tlme3. Get
an official list of private houses and
doubtless you will bo much more
comfortable, for at least you will be
out of the bustle and flurry and can
rest and sleep in peace.
Breakfast, to the majority of Ameri
cans, is not what it used to be, so if
you do not feel equal to the task of
running out to coffee, buy an alcohol
lamp and invest in a bottle of alcohol
and you can have tea or coffee and
rolls without the least trouble, to say
nothing of saving twenty-five cents or
more. You may consider saving such
a small piece of < money not worth the
while, but when there are dozens of
attractions it amounts to Just this—
the more you save the more you may
see and it is presumed that your trip
will be taken for that purpose and that
alone.
amiss and you can wear It over a suit
most easily. . Dark silk ones are the
combination 1b undeniably, the best to
travel in, but an ulster never comes In
But one thing more and your outfit
will be complete. A skirt and jacket
they are coaxed a trifle. Any soft waist
of mull or silk will complete your out
fit, and you can wear it any place and
at any time-
Pongee suits are another boon to the
woman who travels in a suit case, for
they, too, are soft and some of them
•are very stylish and chic, not to men
tion delightfully cool.
And this is the way you can pack
your baby trunk. For instance, say
that your nobby traveling suit Is gray,
or even tan. Get a red hat and a red
silk petticoat and you have one costume
complete and one that you need not be
ashamed of in the bargain. And that
you wear, mind you.
Your pongee shirt waist suit should
be trimmed with red. a red border
about the skirt, red pipings on the
waist and a soft red collar and tie that
is buttoned down under fetching straps.
The touch of color adds wonderfully to
the dull tan, especially when the short
full skirt swings lightly about and gives
one tantalizing glimpses of red ruffles,
trim ankles and neat boots.
The other gown may be one of two —
the black taffeta or a soft black net
ting. And this is the scheme that one
enterprising girl carried out. She made
:i separate demi-train flounce and fin
ished it with three small ruffles so that
it had a pretty fluffy look. But the top
was where she displayed her ingenuity.
The band fastened on the petticoat just
above the knees with safety hooks and
eyes and she possessed both a long silk
lining and a gay petticoat.
The waist, made with elbow sleeves,
was, of course, lined with the same
taffeta, so that in a twinkling of an eye
she could do a bit of hooking and be
onayed like Solomon in all his glory.
If you Miss-Lady-that-traveis-alone
decide to folVow out her scheme, invest
in a handsome lace scarf, for it will an
swer a dozen and one purposes.- Y our
( red. hat cannot be neat and trim for
traveling and betrimmed and befeath
ered for dress occasions at one and the
same time, but you can throw the scarf
ovor it carelessly and catch the ends
at the back, or you can have a mil
liner drape it for you so that you can
pin it in place, but either way it will
convert your plain hat into quite an
elegant affair. Other than this, such
a scarf is not only pretty, but is de
cidedly comfortable for head and neck
wear, and It does not occupy enough
space to even mention.
Gloves are always a necessity, but It
does not follow that you must carry
alo^g a supply, though, to be sure, one
pair of white silk, a pair of long black
ones and a stout pair for every day
usage do not take up much room, but
when every inch counts, the corners are
very apt. to be well filled and when that
is the case one pair of gloves can grow
and swell until^they are amazingly
Jr you are going to the fair at St.
Lcui*-. pin up a- list of "dos" and
"Vlon'ts" where you can see them
every time you turn around. And
having pinned them up, profit by them.
In tha first piace luggage is always
a nuisiiricc, but when there are thou
sands of trunks, big and little, ham
pers by ih? reor<; and everything im
aginable i hat can conic under the head
of \»aj;casc. it is more than sensible
to do wiih'jut any. In fact it is in all
probability what you would be called
upon to do fur throe or- four days, so
it is quite c:; veil to be prepared.
Don't throw up yuur hands and call
to hcavcu to witness that you can't
exist v.Hhout a >kirt. a hat and an
ordinary Hunk. Because you can, and
v hat ::- ::u :<• io the point, exist very
comfortably and present a very good
front m tha;.
To bo sure, ingenuity is needed and
a goudiy ECpply of it. but lives there a
woman n ho would acknowledge, even
to hcrrclf, that she was not blessed
with mure than her share of it? If
such there be, let her stand fo-rth, for,
verily, she is a wonder.
If you arc soir.s lo buy a suit case,
and that is positively all you will need,
get one that is equipped with toilet ar
ticles, for they are a necessity and it
Is a real comfort to know just where
you can put your hands upon them.
Some have more brushes and varicrus
article?, but too many useless furbe
lows only succeed in making the case
heavy to begin with ar.d it is better
to purchase the more modest one. In
ordering it. be careful to select a par
ticularly long one, for short skirts can
be folded c-nce and tucked easily away
in them.
So far so good. If you are going to
stay three weeks or a month, or even
$ few days for that matter, you must
commence your paring down in dainty,
frilly lingerie. All the ruffles take up
needed space and if you have ever tried
to have them laundried in a city that
¦was full tu overflowing, you know
something of the heavy expense and
the decided annoyance that is always
such a part of it.
Instead, put your pride in your
pocket and ally forth and buy three
or four combination suits Xjf thin cot
ton. They may not be preity, but they
are inexpensive, occupy but little space
and cost but ten cents ttr wash. That
in itself is an important item. Three
or four pairs of cotton stockings will
be sufficient, for you can wash out a
pair every morning and keep them
fresh and clear. I^isle thread open
worked hose are fetching, but they are
a perfect abomination when much
walking has lo be d</nc and the per
sonal comfort that is sacrificed is not
worth the prico of vanity paid.
Night robes ar.d corset covers are
another important item, for they must
be beautifully simple. Two Rov»ns,
¦with a hemstitched band about the
tleevps and neck through which a rib r
bon is drawn, are not only pretty but
have a low price? on the laundry list, as
have < oifcet covers of {he same de
scription, and it really is a payins in
vestment, even if you are obliged to
buy them for the occasion. Handker
chiefs can he bought anywhere and at*
<uiy time and if you think you really
need Mime soft white collars' it would
be bettfer to limit yourself to half a
dozen or eight and then buy one or
two as you need them.
And now hold vour breath! If you
fold them neatly and wisely every ar
ticle already named will fit in the up
per Dortion of the case, and you can
strap the toilet stand in its own place,
though at must be admitted that the
buckle will not be in the original hole.
Shoes always seem to be a difficult
problem to solve. There is no denying
the fact that it is a decided rest to tak°
them off when they are hot and dusty
and slip into a cool slipper, and this
can be managed if you are willing to
adopt the soft Turkish shoe, that is so
much of a fad with the girl who makes
& specialty for her boudoir negligees.
The shoes that are the best for comfort
and for wear are the four-button rus
set ones; but they do not look smart
with all costumes and are barred for
this reason. A patent or enameled kid
low shoe with a heavy sole and a low,
flat heel is fit, and looks better for gen
cial wear than anything else on the
market. •
Beware of blue or black, for traveling
suits. They are a snare and a delusion,
for while they are perfectly fit for home
use the minute you step aboard the
Pullman every particle of dust and dirt
en thi- road tries its level best to settle
In them and to show to the best of its
ability. Instead select a nondescript
tan or a serviceable gray, for both are
excellent for general' hard wear.
Cotton shirt waists are entirely too
much of a luxury, besides they wrinkle
s<j easily that they are scarcely ever fit
to be worn before they have made the
acquaintance of the hotel flatiron,
which means parting with both silver
and time.
But as there areNscores of soft, shim
mery silks you need not feel so badly
about the loss of the cotton. Crepes are
especially good. fo£ they may be worn,
given a vigorous shake or two and, lo
and behold, are read* for the fray
again. But any color that you will, for
what would be vastly becoming to Jane
•would make a fright of Jill. But one
thing should be insisted upon, and for
two most excellent reasons— sec that
the cuffs and neck are finished in the
regulation shirt waist style, for white
cuffs and collars that button securely
it! place are a treasure indeed. They
are not only neat and trim-appearing,
but are a great saving to the waist, for
no matter how particular you may be,
you cannot hope to keep a silk collar
fresh-looking for long, and there is no
one thins that gives such an untidy
appearance as soiled collars or linen. *s
Soft ribbons certainly are comfort
able on warm days, but they are en
tirely too expensive if your pocketbook
is not well Tilled. To be sure, top collars
are a great saving, but as one is not
complete without the other^ these days
it is better policy to invest in- plain
lawn ties. They are hemstitched? and
l«<>k dainty and sweet when fresh, and
as it costs but 3 cents to send them to
the laundry there can scarcely be an
excuse for having them in other than
the nink of condition. Silk ties to match
your waists are good, but the best of
silk never stands the ravages of the
tub half as well as linen; so you may
pay your money and take your choice.
This year smart silk suits are so very
popular that one made of black taffeta
should answer for a dress-up gown.
1 For Instance, a pleated skirt with a
fancy jacket will fold up Into a sur
prisingly small snace. and the wrinkles
will likewise very obligingly fall out if
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
TO ST LOUIS WITH A
SUIT CASE
14stated above he must be at least r.ix
feet tall and constructed in the same
proportions in other respects. It is a
peculiar fact that immense stature is
always associated in the facile mind
of woman with great personal worth.
No one can explain it, but: it is true.
If the angel Gabriel doesn't have a
center rush build and a blonde mus
tache there are going to be a lot of dis
appointed women.
Another requirement on which Ma
tilda insisted was great personal beau
ty. It is possible that she had secured
her idea of manlv beauty from the
Home and Fireside Library, but such
as It was she clung to it with the
tenacity of a Congressman to a free
didn't run so fast when they see the
opposite sex coming. That .was the
way it was with the late Ma'tilda.
When she was young and had ideals to
burn she was very nifty about the male
specimen of the genus homo that was
to be allowed to O. K. her dress
makers' bills and wait up nights for
her when she was at the club. . As
IN the spring a young girl's fancy
lightly turns to something about
six feet tall with broad shoulders
and a fetching tenor voice. Later
on she becomes reconciled to the in
evitable and thanks fate for anything
in trousers that comes down the pike
provided it can support an adult bank
cccount. It is sad but true that the
flight of years brings disillusionment
as well as gray hairs and dyspepsia.
If any one doubts the general accuracy
*.:f this statement based on long and
careful observation he has only to con
riJer the career of the late Matilda.
Y.'e will call her the late Matilda, not
because ehe is no more, but because
?he was eo tardy in becoming any
thing else.
Matrimony is the genuine original
tide in the affairs of women; whatever
it may be to men, which taken at the
proper moment and well shaken leads
on to fortune or the divorce court, but
which neglected all the voyage of their
lives is bound In wishing that every
year were leap year and that the men
ities that lay In her way in> her search
for a man who looked' like James K.
Hackett and could do all the things
that the hero of a historical novel does.
She was an excellent example of the,
deterioration that has settled down like
a ¦ deep, dark cloud over the feminine
race as a result of the operations of
Mr. '¦ Gibson. Some one might have re
minded her that the Gibson men al
ways had girls to match, \ but that
wouldn't have affected her, particularly
since she. had an idea that she was the
real original Gibson girl. Most of her
waking hours and some of her dreams
were spent in trying to walk like Ethel
Barrymore and to dress . like . Alice
Roosevelt. ¦
All the possibilities in the matri
monial line that came her way were
steadily rejected on one ground or an
other.. The only man who seemed to
come within a hundred miles df filling
the bill turned out to-be a hotel clerk
on his, Vacation and • Matilda didn't
seem to be , able to see * her way. clear
to supporting her expensive Ideals on
twenty-five . dollars a . week. Besides
she. was "thoroughly convinced that no
man was a real gentleman who didn't
game was a gentleman who had Just
been released from Congress on good
behavior and was trying his best to
butt in again. He was the sort of
chap that every one calls a rising
young politician and then turns around
and wonders where he got all his mon
ey! He was all right as far as the
general makeup of his features was
concerned; he had the requisite num
ber and they were so arranged I as to
secure the best , possible effect on the
beholder, but .with the usual perver
sity of fate he was only about five feet
tall and : wore boy's size clothes. When
he walked with Matilda people used to
ask her how her little boy was doing
in school. That put him out of the
game without a- chance to appeal 'to
the umpire for a reconsideration. It
was . one_ of the prime regulations of
the late Matilda's code that a woman
should always be able to look up to a
man. She. didn't pause to reflect that
after a woman has been married about
six* months and knows her better half
pretty well she looks down on him no
matter how tall he Is.
These are only samples of the way
Matilda neglected the golden opportun-
pass. No retrousse noses, carroty hair
or elongated mouth for Matilda.
"When young Augustus Van Rocques
began to sit up and take notice of
Matilda her mother and other backers
smoothed their feathers and looked as
satisfied as an unchaperoned kitten in
a dairy. Augustus was the cream of
the lpt and if Matilda could succeed
In landing him she was all to the good
and nobody in sight.
But there was a fly in the ointment,
for Augustus would have been so far
from taking the first prize in a beauty
contest that he would probably have
been sent around to the bench show
by mistake. Matilda considered the
proposition carefully and admitted that
there was a great deal of pleasure to
be derived from the possession of a
bank account that ran wide open win
ter and summer, wet or dry. Then she
considered ) Augustus and pondered
deeply over the prospect that was af
forded her of lining up against that
face over the coffee cups every morn
ing in the year and her courage failed
he*r. Nothing for, Augustus with Ma
tilda.
The next aspirant that entered the
. :" . - ¦ ¦ __ ¦ ¦¦ I . ¦ \ .»-.¦ . '¦:¦':¦
carefully and elaborately along this
line for several minutes she concluded
that the* only thing left for her to do
was to grab the next opportunity that
came along, whether it was looking for
her or not. He was forty-five If he
was a day and it was currently report
ed that Matilda won him at a prize
euchre, but he was a man, technical
ly speaking, and Matilda had lost most
of her high ideas about the sort of
person she would like to pour coffee
for.
And so they were married and suc
ceeded in living in various ways, happy
and otherwise, for some time after. He
wasn't much on looks, but he man
aged to keep coal in the cellar and
beefsteak ill the refrigerator. Matilda
was comforted when she looked around
her and discovered that most of the
other women had been compelled to
satisfy themselves with creatures a
little lower than Gibsonitea. She had
learned, as had most of her sisters, that
while It Is always well to look before
you leap into matrimony, it is not wisu
to look too long for fear there will ba
nothing left to leap for. •
Copyright, 1304, by Albert Britt.
know how to set all the good out of
Mrs. Browning's poems on the beach
of a moonlight night. The hotel clerk,
when he was approached on this sub
ject, had to admit that Mrs. Browning
had never stopped at his house and
that he didn't think he had ever met
the lady. When he was informed that
she hadn't been particularly active for
a number of years and that her long
suit was writing poetry that no one
could understand and wouldn't like if
he could, he decided that he had better
back out of the game.
Things ran alone in this way for a
number of years until Matilda began
to -think that she could see the sear
and yellow approaching in the dim dis
tance. AH, of the girls tfho were on
the carpet when she made her appear
ance had been settled in automobiles
of their own long since and the young
men who were now active. didn't seem
to take any great interest, In antiqui
ties. Tnerefore Matilda began to have
¦visions of herself gracing the festal
board in some institution for ihe care
of aged and unattached females un
less she got immediately and radically
busy. After reasoning with herself
By Nicholas Nemo
Fables for tHe FoolisH
THE MATRIMONY OF MATILDA
newspapers, would be convinced that
every member of Parliament was a
jovial, kindly, big-hearted, generous
souled saint, with just sufficient hu
manity In him to prevent the angels
from carrying him off bodily. Do not
the entire audience, \ moved by one
common impulse, declare him three
times running- and in stentorian voice
to be this "jolly -good fellow?" So
say all of them. We have always lis
tened with the most intense pleasure
to the brilliant speech of our friend
who has just sat down. When you
thought we were yawning we were
drinking in his eloquence with open
mouthed admiration. The higher
one ascends in the social scale the
wiSer becomes this necessary base
of make-believe. When anything sad
happens to a very big person the
lesser people round him hardly care
to go on living. Seeing that the
world is -somewhat overstocked with
persons of importance, and that some
thing or other generally Is happening
to them, one wonders some.times how
it is the world continues to exist.
Once upon a time there occurred an
illness to a certain good and great
man. I read in my daily paper that
the whole nation was plunged in grief.
People dininir in public restaurants,
on being told the news by the waiter,
dropped their heads upon the table
and sobbed. Strangers, meeting In
out. of this one. We stand around the
open grave and tell each other so. The
clergyman is so assured of it that, to
save time, they have written out the
formula. for him and had It printed \j±
a little hook. As a child It used to sur
prise '. me— this , ~>t act that . everybody
went to. heaven/ Thinking of all the
people: that, had died, I pictured the
place as. overcrowded. Almost I felt
sorry for the devil, nobody ever com
ing his way, so to speak. I saw him in
imagination,-: a' lonely old gentleman,
sitting at his -gate day after day, hop
ing against hopej muttering to'himself,
maybe. ; 'that it \seemed hardly
while, ;from his point of view, keeping
the show open. An old nurse whom I
once took into my confidence was sure,
if I "continued talking in this sort of
way," that he would get me anyhow.: I
must' have been an evil-hearted young
ster;" the thought of how he would
welcome me, the only human being he
had seen for years, had a certain fas
cination for me; for once in my ex
istence I should be jnade a fuss about.
At every public meeting the chief
speaker Is always a "Jolly good fel
low." ; /
The man from Mars, reading our
carry our even into re
ligion. We sit in church and. in voices
swelling with pride, mention to the'Al
mighty at stated intervals that we are
miserable worms— that*; there " is - no
good In us. This .sort of 'thing, we
gather, Is expected .of i us;- It does i us
no harm and is supposed to please.^
We make believe^ that- every wom'an
is pure, that every, man Is honest—
until they Insist on forcing us. against
our will/ to observe that they. are' not.
the street, flung: their arms about one
another and cried like little children.
I was abroad at the time, but on the
point of returning home. I almost
felt ashamed to go. I looked at my
self In- the class and was shocked at
my own appearance; It was that of
a man T.'ho had not been in trouble
for weeks. I felt that to burst upon
this grief-stricken nation with a coun
tenance snch as mina would be to
add to their sorrow. It was borne in
upon me that I must be a shallow,
egotistical nature. I had had luck
with a play In America and for the
life of me could not look grief
stricken. There were moments when.
If I was not keeping a watch upon
myself. I found myself whistling.
•Had It been possible! would have re
mained abroad fill some stroke of Ill
fortune'had rendered me rr.nre in tune
with my fellow countrymen. But busi
ness was pressing. The first man. I
talked to on Dover Pier was a cus
tom-house official. Tou misht have
thought sorrow would have made him
Indifferent to a mere matter of forty
eight cigars. Instead of which he ap
peared quite pleased when- he found
them. He demanded three and four
pence and chuckled wh°n he got it.
On Dover platform a little g^rl laughed
because a lady dropped a hsndbox on
a dog, but then children are always
callous — or, perhaps, she had not
heard the news. What astonished me
most, however, was to find In the rail
way carriage a respectable looking
man reading a comic Journal. True, he
did not laugh much; he had got decen
cy enough for that, but what was a
grief stricken citizen dolncr with a
comic Journal anyhow? _efore I had
been In London an hour I had mm? to
the conclusion that we English must
be a people of wonderful self-control.
The day before, according to the news
papers, the whole country was in se
rious danger of pining away and dying
of a broken heart. In one day the na
tion had pulled itself together. "We
have cried all day," they had said to
themselves, "we have cried all night.
It does not seem to have done much
good. Now let us once again take up
the' burden of life." Some of them — ¦
I noticed It In the hotel dining-room
that evening — were taking quite kindly
to their food again. Our amusements
are all founded on make-believe. "We
stand about solemnly In tho middle of
a field, our hands upon our knees. Our
object la to prevent another man from
running up and down between two
rows of sticks. If we catch the ball
he has hit toward us with a bit of
wood, he has to pretend that he cannot
run any more, but must go home
and take hl3 clothes off. We make
believe we want to catch a fox.
As a matter of fact we have not the
slightest use for the fox. We make
believe about quite serious things. In
war, each country's soldiers are always
the most courageous in the world. The
other country's soldiers are always
treacherous and tricky; that la why
they sometimes win. Our governments
are supposed to be founded on the prin
ciples of the Sermon on the Mount;
and spend most of our taxes on mak
ing arrangements to quarrel success
fully with our enemies.* Literature J.i
the art of make-believe. "Now, all of
you sit round and throw your pennies
In the cap," says the author, "and I
will pretend that there lives in Bays
water a young lady named Angelina,
who Is the most beautiful young lady
that ever lived. And in Notting Hill,
we will pretend, there resided a young
man named Edwin, who is In love with
Angelina." And then, there being- suffi
cient pennies in the cap. the author
starts away, and pretsnds that Ange
lina thought this and said that, and
that Edwin did all sorts of wonderful
things. We know he is making it ail
up as he goes along. We know he la
making up- just what he thinks will
please us. He, on the other hand, has
to make believe that he is doing it be
cause he cannot help it. he being an
artist. Though we know well enough
that, were we to stop throwing the
pennies into the cap, he would find out
precious scon that he couid. The
theatrical manager bang3 his drum.
"Walk up! Walk up!" h« cries, "we
are going to .pretend that Mrs. Johnson
is a princess, and eld man Johnson w
going to pretend to be a pirate. Walk
up, walk up, and be in time!" So
Mrs. Jolinson. pretending ,to be a
princess, comes out of a wobbly thins
that we agree to pretend is a castle;
and old man Johnson pretending to be
a pirate, is pushed up and down on an
other wobbly thing that we agree to
pretend is the ocean. Mrs. Johnson
pretends to be in love with him. which
we know she is not. And Johnson pre
tends to be a very terrible person.;
and Mrs. Johnson pretends, till 11
o'clock, to believe it. And we -pay
prices varying from a shilling to half
a sovereign to sit for two hours and
listen to them. But, as I explained at
the beginning, my friend is a mad sort
of person.
(Copyrighted. 1904, by the Central
News and Press Exchange.)
*^T MAD friend of mine will have
f I It that the characteristic of the
1 ape is Make Believe. He argues
JL that all social Intercourse Is
Younded on make believe. A servant,
enters to say that Mr. and Mrs. Bore
are in the drawing-room. "Oh.
damn!" says the man. "Hush!" says
the woman. "Shut the door, Susan.
How often am I to tell you never to
leave the door open?" The man creeps
upstairs on tiptoe and shuts himself
up in his study. The woman does
things before a looking glass, waits
till, by force of will, she feels she la
sufficiently mistress 'of herself not to,
thow her feelings, and then enters the*
drawir.jj-room with outstretched
hands, and the look of one welcoming
an angel's visit. She says how de
lighted she is to se.e the Bores; how
pood it was of them to come. Why
did they not bring more Bores with
them? Where Is naughty Bore Junior?
Why does he never come to see her
now; she will have to be really angry
with him. And sweet little Flossie
Bore? Too young to pay calls! Non- :
sense! An "at home" day is not worth,
having where all the Bores are not.
The Bore*, who had hoped that 6he
was out. who have only called because
the etiquette book told them that they
must call at least four times in the
season, explain how they have been
trying: and trying to ceme. "This after- -
noon." recounts Mrs. Bore, "we were
determined to come. "John, dear,* I
said this morning, 'I shall go and sea
deer Mrs. Bounder this afternoon, no
matter what happens." " The idea con
veyed is that the Prince of Wales, on
calling at the Bores, has been told that
he cannot come in. He can call again.
(a the evening or he can come some
"ther day. This afternoon the Bores
aie going to enjoy themselves in their
own way; they are going to see Mrs.
Bounder. '"And how is Mr. Bu-ur.der?"
demands Mrs. Bore. Mrs. Uounder re
mains rnute fur a moment, straining
her ears. She can hear him creeping
past the door on his way downstairs,
hears the front door softly opened
and closed-to. She wakes, as from a
dream. She has been thinking of the
sorrow that will fall on Bounder when
he returns h'ixe later and learns what
he has missed.
And thus it is, not only with tho
Bores and Bounders, but even with us
who are not Bores or Bounders. So
ciety in all ranks is founded on the
make-believe that everybody is charm
ing; that we are delighted to see
everybody; that everybody is delight
ed to see \is; that it is so good of
everybody to come, that we are deso
late at the thought that they really
must go now. Which would we rather
do: stop and finish our cigar, or hasten
into the drawing-room to hear Miss
Sereecher sing? Can you ask us? We
tumble over each other in our hurry.
Miss Screeeher would rather not sing.
But if we insist — we do insist. Miss
Sereecher, with pretty reluctance con
sents. We are careful not to look at
one another. We sit with our eyes
fixfd on the ceiling. Miss Sereecher
finishes and arises. "But. it was so
ehr>rt." we say. so soon as we can be
heard above the applause. Is Miss
Sereecher quite sure that was the
whole of It? Or has she been playing
tricks upon us. the naughty lady, de
frauding us of a verse? Miss Sereecher
assures us that the fault is the com
poser's. But she knows another. At
this hint, our faces lighten again with
pr'adress: we clamor for more. Our
host's wine is always the most extra
ordinary we have ever tasted. No. not
another glass; we dare not — doctor's
orders, very strict. Our host's cigar?
We did not know they made such
<ig£rs in this workaday world. No,
we really could rot smoke anyiher.
Well, if he will be so pressing, may
we pat rt in our pocket? The truth is
we are not used to high smoking. Our
hostess" coffee! Would she confide to
us hrr secret? The baby! We hardly
trust ourselves to speak. The usual
baby, we have seen It. As a rule, to
be car.did, we never could detect much
beauty in babies— have always held
the usual gush about them to be insin
cere. But this baby! We are almost
en the i>oint of asking them where
they got lit. It is just the kind we
wasted for ourselves. Little Janet's
recitation: "A Visit to the Dentist!"
Hitherto the amateur reciter has not
appealed t<» us. v But this is genius.
surely. She ought to be trained for
the stagre. We plead for the stage —
that it may not be deprived of such
talent. Every bride is beautiful. Every
bride looks charming in a simple cos
tume — for further particulars see para
graph.
With our wine glass in our hand we
picture the beautiful life we know tc
l»e in store for them: how can it be
otherwise. She, the daughter of her
mother (cheers); he — well, we all know
him (more cheers, also involuntary guf
faw from Ill-regulated young man at
end of table, promptly suppressed). We
Then we become angry "with them and
explain to them that; they, ¦¦ ..being sin
ners, ".are not folk fit to mix with us
perfect people. - Our grief when our rich
aunt-^dies Is hardly, to the borne. 'Drap
ers tniake fortunes, '.helping; us to feebly
express our desolation. :,j Our 'only con
solation Is that she h^s gone. to, a bet
ter world. Everybody goes to. a better
world when they have got ¦ all they .can
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY /CALL.
15
THE AMENITIES OF CHEERFUL LYINGWell, children, this 'is the week that' «e expect you to make- the hole in that pile of books that you
make with the golf terms, s-o dig In and set your answers in early/ The '-Puzzle Editor would like to 'see
'more .picture's I coiiic In._ Pictures cannot always nrtpcar* the same week the names do, so don't think be
cause your name comes but and your picture doesn't that it isn't coming out at all, for it may be held
over a week.. ¦¦¦".--- :^;-6". vTV-' /"' -1 ' '. - ' ¦¦ '-'• - -
In the eight pictures to-day are -represented, the names or eight parts'of harness and there isn't one
of you \vho cnunot giress every one, .whet her you ever lived in the country or not, as the names are all
common.' Vi ••-•• ;._ ' ¦ J ' * • -- :
But here is something the Puzzle Kditor wants to speak of particularly. You must not only give
your name and the town and State "wherein you live," but the street or postofflce numbco This is hn
portantjbecause many books have been returned because of incorrect addresses. And don't forget- the gal
"lcry briibndrT -¦--«- — , ; —
'And remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but get
your picture published .as well.; T|, c Puzzle Kditbr wants all U»e prize winners to send in. their pictures
'-^tl»e whole 150 every, week ir possible.' Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. There
•can't-. be-too-many. ••'-—• • v - = ¦¦¦¦¦¦- _.. , ¦' / i;-.-vVi"i:.'.:."--'i ¦
/ .^yL^A^pqSXhKSDiy ANY TINTYPE PICTURES OH PROOFS THAT ARE UN-TONED— which
hieuns'that jiltcy wlllfaide-aa^soqn as thcy % arc exposed^ to the sun. and don't foi-gct to write your name and
,. adai-t;ss^on the back.iJ^Qacli^aiMa avcry , photograph. And by .all mcuiis "be r-irc that you are a prize win
, ncrvbefoi-e^f you sendi{hp'aiiy:*pif turc at^ all. ./ . i - > ; r?^ *i
<•• ,i TliOlE>ARli:.CWVE:HUN'DRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this is whp* yon must do to win one of
.t£them: ' ' ,'"' < ': ' "'/V*. •**' ' V.
"** V: P»fJr.the Parts pf " Harness on 'this 'pa go and write them out In th c space opposite the proper corre
".HW^i'i? V?T?»!V c r* Provided for the .purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill In the
coupon vyijhjjour name and addi-ess jmd, thc. priz you ''—« r <? — ify-u win — and send the coupon to the
tfEDlTOKaOI 1 Tl IK NAME PUZZLE PACK, Sunday Call, San Francisco. CaJ.
i??^^S^^^^^^?j^fe^ 1 ?@?SB'^^?^3 AiNTD FIFTY BOYS AXD CIRLS who solve the
'eight Puzzles ''correctly,* one ol these OXE HUNDRED AXD FIITY ' BEAUTItXTL PRIZES will be
awarded.
. . : And don't forget this next poln t,, because It Ls very important: ALL AXSW1HIS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOOX.'j This gives all those in the country an equal chan.-c to compete. Read
•cveryUiIng on this page, to be «ure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF T11K I UCKY 'WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IX THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS ITtOM TO-DAY, August 7.
These arc tliii TWENTY IIEADTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose if you solve all the puz
zles correctly: .'' , ¦'...-. ¦ . " .
Autocrat of tl|C Breakfast Table. Holmes;" Child's Garden of Verses. Stevenson; Cranfonl, Gaskcil;
Cricket on the Hearth, Dickens: Courtship of Miles Standish. Longfellow: Fairy Iiaiul of Science, Buckley:
Gulliver's Travels, Swift: Imitation of Christ, ;A'Kempis: .Jessica's iHrst Prayer. Strcttqn: I,ady or the Lake.
...Scott; 'Light of Asia, Arnold; Milton's Poems: Old Christmas, Irvlniy Pliantom Itlckshaw. Kipling: The
Pilgrim's Progress," Buuyan; Plain' Tales From the Hills,' Kipling: Re-i-escntathe Men. Emerson; Thc Snow
Image, Ha wtliome; Through the Looking Glass, Carroll; Vic, the Autobiography of a Fox Terrier. Marsh.
| ¦;; P"cii,TnoS«- Who GU^SS tfaSS' ptizzT^s To-Day-
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Oertrude Lvickhaus, ISIS Sacramento
rtreet, San Francisco; Ethel McGrath.
i>19 Union street, Oakland; Hay Engier,
tlo Jessie street, San Francisco; Dor
othy Howe, 2328 D street, San Diego;
Ruby Peirano, Angels; Laurie Clough.
Angels Camp; Julia Young. State Hos
rital, Stockton; Constance Alexander,
-311 Broadway, San Francisco; Clif
ford Place, 1516 Alameda avenue, Ala
meda: Sophie Seymore, 736 Washington
street, Santa Rosa; George "Wihr, 11
Metropolitan avenue. San Francisco;
Marcelle Merkel, -22G Mission street,
San Francisco; V. Rademacher, 1355
McAllister street, San Francisco;
William Driscoll, box 226, Merced;
Theresa Dondero, 445 Gough street, San
Francisco; Helen Travis, 1165 Valencia
Ftreet, San Francisco; Fred Musso, 165
South First street, San Jose; Joe San
tiff. 156 South First street, San Jose;
lizzie Koenig. 2208'i Mission street.
San Francisco; Gertrude Lowenthal.
Kakersfield; A. Poulin, 526 Harrison
street, San Francisco; E. A. Seely, 1
"West Eddy street, San Francisco;
Chester Secly. 1 West Eddy street, San
Francisco; Miriam Broaddus, Agnew;
Harry Sesrelke. 1507 Buchanan street,
San Francifco; Dorothy Segelke, 1507
Buchanan street, San Francisco; F.
T. Coburn, 1915 Pacific avenue.
San Francisco; Henrietta Liguori.
Agnew; Violctt<* Jones, Merced;
Lena Segelke, 1507 Buchanan street,
San Francisco; Mildred Curtis, 918 El
lis street, San Francisco; Virginia
Spencer, C374 Nineteenth street, San
Frnacisro; Hal Curtis, $18 Ellis street.
Sao Francisco; Elmer Johnston, 407
Hayes street, San Francisco; Alfred
Abrahamson, 526 Harrison street, San
Francisco; Ruth Dewey, 1523 Scott
street, San Francisco; George Gefker,
70S Grove street, San Francisco; Wal
ter Gefker, 768 Grove street. San Fran
cisco; Horace Gefker, 768. Grove street,
San Francisco; G. O. Abrahamson, 526
Harrison street, San Francisco: Ella
Arfslen, 1C66 Twelfth street, Oakland;
Helena Warness," 26 Rincon place. San
Francisco Caroline Greene, 120 Caro
line street, VaIlejo:"F. T." Haines, 548
Stockton street, San Francisco; Pearl:
Neuby, box 105, Dixon; Madeline New
by, box 105, Dixon; Dorothy McFar
land, Benicia; Ed- Kennedy, 707 I
ptreel, Sacramento; Horace . Walling,
1218 Jones street. San Francisco; Edna
Lund, Suisun; Veronica Liguori, Ag
n^w: John Murray, San Quentin; 'Alice
"Walsh, 526 Harrison street, San Fran
cisco-; Anna Paul, Suisun; Charles
Pnow, Ajrncw; Gladys Eaton, Watson
ville; Edna • Dannenberg. Palo Alto;
Edna Schulte. Alameda: Mildred Smith,
622 Turk street. San Francisco; Mar-,
garct Co well, Stockton; Golda Dillon.
Stockton: Louis Friant, 729 Clayton
street, San Francisco; Ellen Murray,
Ross; Louis Murray. Ross; Hubert
Soher, 1357 McAllister street, San Fran
cisco; Freda Fayde, 2529 McAllister
street, San Francisco; T. O'Rouke, 3333
Sacramento street, San Francisco:
Josie GafTigan. 217% Eighth street. San
Francisco; Everett Houston, 3363
Twenty-third street, . San Francisco;
Frank Spencer, "374 Nineteenth street,
San Francisco; Robert* Spedding, Palo
Alto: Olga Schulze. Dixon: Frankie
"Murray, Sa-ji-aiito: Philip Murray.
Sausalito: Gladys Jones, -1403 Van Nes3
avenue, Sfcm Frsacisco.
THESE are the successful priz«
•winners in the, golf term puzzle
contest of July 10, and every
boy and girl whose name ap-^
pears in this column has a right to be
more than proud, for this is the first
time In many weeks that that full one
hundred and fifty correct answers were
not received. Perhaps those terms were
a trifle tew haid, as golf is not, after
all, common enough to make its terms
familiar, so that those of you who
failed should look at it that way and
trust to the puzzle editor to stay by
Things hereafter which do net em
brace a lot of foreign words which the
most of us never see and probably
wouldn't know if v.e did. Many of
those sending in correct answers stated
that they had to fall back upon the
resources cf big brothers and cousins
and such who knew what golf was
from having played it, so after all
there is plenty of chance for the "new
lot of books on these later puzzles for
those who grew a bit. discouraged over
the gclf terms. These are the names:
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF JULY 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLV
NAME PUZZLE
16
Solve the Puzztes,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution cf
the names of Parts of Harness
in this wcefi's puzzles;
5 .~~
© •••••••••*........,.. Kmm9^ tt
July 21, 1301.
Name
¦ . - ¦ ¦ ¦ . s
City
State •••••••••••.•••-••-.
IX I nin I choose for prize
'_• ¦ -¦ ¦ ' : ¦ ¦- • ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦¦»."--¦ • i .-¦¦¦¦.¦¦„.,".¦¦
(See List of Prizes.)BERLIN, July 23.— Royal Princesses
have been distinguishing themselves
recently as dramatic authors and ac
tresses.
Princess cArnulf of Bavaria wrote a
play entitled -Funny Men," which has
been acted before the Bavarian court
with great success, the Princess taking
one of the leading parts.
The Crown Princess of noumanla is
the author of a play called "The Vis
ion of a Princess." a fantastic sketch
founded on a Roumanian folk tale and
the chief part was played by Princess
Marie herself at a grand entertainment
given at her castle.
Royal Women Playwrights.
made in his epitaph ':iat "his name .
that cannot fade shall be an everlast- .
ing monument." •./••• .. -
OTHER TENANTS OF CORNER.
Under the medallion of John Gay,
who has long faded from remembrance, '"
appear his own cynical lines—
"Life is a Jest and all things show if, I
I thought so once and now I know It"
And they seem not altogether inap- "i
propriate in -view of his own presence ¦
in such a place and the strangely ;
mixed company gathered about him as •
fitting representatives of. England's -
greatness.
Among, other tenants of. the poets'
corner who have shared oblivion with
mm may be . mentioned John Phillips, •
Abraham'. Co wley, William. Mason.
Matthew 7 Prior. • Christopher . Anstey',
and Sir William Davenant, despite his
plagiarized epitaph, "O rare Sir Wil
liam DavenanL" It is a strange as
semblage of the dead that mingles in
this part of the abbey. In it are found
divines/ philosophers, essayists, drama
tists.^" actors, antiquarians,' critics,
architects, philanthropists, etc., most of
them long forgotten. And among those
who. have left an enduring, mark on
English literature incongruity still
characterizes their commemoration.
Thackeray," who was buried at Kensal
Green, has a bust here, while his great
rival, Dickens, is buried close by with
no monument save his gravestone.
Samuel Johnson Is buried here, but his
monument Is in St. Paul's Cathedral.
Others: occupy conspicuous places who
have no earthly claim to them. What,
for, instance, could be more inappro-
Although Thomas Shadwell, poet
laureate in the reign of William HI,
according to Hallam "endeavored to
maKe the stage as grossly immoral as
his talents admitted." he has a monu
ment in I his hallowed shrine of the
muses. A student might pass a pretty
stiff examination in English literature
and yet have read nothing written by
Nicholas Rowe,. the poet laureate of
George I, and, according to his epitaph
composed by Pope, next to Shakespeare
"skilled to draw the tender tear." On
his monument in the "Poets', Corner"
his widow is depicted as wiping the
"tender tear" from one eye and gazing
at his bust out of the other. For all
that she \ married again soon after he
Was b'uried. ( Michael Drayton. whose
bust occupies a niche in this sacred
spot, is now numbered among the for
gotten poets, despite the , prediction
gether and buried a dog in Tothill
Fields as a protest against the abbey
funeral. ' But the Duke's friend still re
tains his six feet of ground there.
It is the "Poets' Corner" that visit
ors, and especially American visitors,
approach with the greatest reverence
and there they linger longest. But no
other part of the abbey, affords a more
striking: illustration of its \ incongru
ities — of the lack*of any principle of se
lection by which the most deserving of
remembrance were admitted and those
who had no claim to enduring fame
were kept out.
*- APDISON'S COMPLAINT.
Addisnn long ago complained that
here were ."poets who had no monu
ments and monuments which had no
poets." Those whose works are gener
ally forgotten are better represented in
the "Poets' Corner" than those whose
writings are still cherished. No me
morials exist there of Byron, Keats,
Shelley, Moore, Walter Savage Landor,
Sir Philip Sidney, Marlowe, Lovelace,
Herrick, Allan Ramsay, Chatterton,
Massinger and several others deserv
edly far better known than many of
those on whom monuments and fulsome
epitaphs have been bestowed.
five-year-old daughter of Henry III,
was dumb, but being the daughter of a
King, and a great King, as things were
looked at in those days, no exception
could be taken to her interment there
with her ancestors. The same heredity
claim may be held to justify the burial
In the abbey of the little son of Hen
rietta Maria, the i exiled Queen of
Charles I, although the infant did
nothing more extraordinary than make
a hasty exit from this troubled world
on the same day that he entered it,
tarrying Just long enough to get chris
tened. But of most of the abbey chil
dren it may be said that no man knows
why they should have been buried
there. That Jjttle Nicholas Bagenall,
for instance, was *"by hys nyrs unfor
tunately overlay'd" when only two
months old, was doubtless a source of
sore grief to his parents something
more than 300 years ago, but there is
no reason why the child's deplorable
fate should continue to be commemo
rated by an ungainly black pyramid
and urn when space is needed to make
room for those who have done noble
work for England.
SMITH FAMILY REPRESENTED.
The Smith family is the most numer
ous in the country, but if merit were to
determine who among them is most
worthy of burial in the abbey the
choice would certainly not fall on one
Thomas Smith of whom nothing is*
known save the inscription on his tab
let that "through the* spotted veil of
the smallpox he rendered a pure and
unspotted soul to God." In the south
aisle of the great nave is a monument
to another Smith— John Smith— who
died In 1718. He may have been a very
worthy man— nobody, knows-^-but if his
family had not some pull with the dean
he never would have been thus reached
from oblivion. It would seem
though in those good old days influence
could get almost anybody buried in the
abbey. The Duke of Buckingham had
a Scotchman buried there for no other
reason than that he was his friend. On
the same day a lot of people ' got to-
Gathering to Be Held Next August at
Stuttgart Win Be Attended by
Scholars From Many Lands.
BERLIN, July 23.— The International
Americanist Congress will be held In
Stuttgart from August 18 to August 23.
King William of Wurttemberg, who has
consented to be a patron, is taking tha
greatest interest in the coming proceed
ings. American, German, English.
French, Italian and Spanish scholars
who are experts on the subjects to ba
discussed have promised to take part.
The subjects will be:
"The Native Tribes of America, Their
Hfstory, Geographical Distribution.
Language, Physical Characteristics.
Culture, Mythology and Religious Cus
toms."
"The Ancient Monuments and An
tiquities of America."
"The History of the Discovery and
the Colonization of the Continent."
The King will read a paper on sev
eral Interesting but unpublished docu
ments bearing on American early his
tory recently discovered among tha
royal archives at Stuttgart. J ¦
The Spanish Government w$Jl lay be
fore the congress numerous highly Im
portant state documents throwing light
on Columbus and the History of his
contemporary adventurers in tho
American hemisphere.
KING WTLIi READ A PAPER
AT AMERICANIST CONGRESS
himself. He knew very well the char
acter of many of '.he company there,
and what epitaphs were worth.
AX IMMORTAL BLACKGUARD.
So far wore' than Craggs was
Thomas T . nn, a blackguard whosa
memorial stands near *^at of the saint
ly Wesleys, the founders of Methodism,
that a dean refused to be responsible
for the striking discrepancy between
historic fact and ;:oetic fiction dis
mayed In his eoita^h and ordered it
erased, while allowing his monument
to remain. Thynn vas a favorite of
Charles II. He was a rich man. but
to add to liTi wealth compelled the
child widow of Lord Ogle, heiress* to
the vast Northumberland estates of
the Percies, to marry him. She was
only 15. and fled to Holland to escape
him, whereupon he instituted law pro
ceedings to get possession of her prop
erty.
One of her suitors* Count John
Konigsmark, a Swedish nobleman,
sent him a challenge by Captain Vratz.
one of his followers. Thynn responded
by dispatching six men to France to
murder the pair of them. Their mis
sion failed. Then the Count tried th*
game of murder with more success. As
Thynn was riding down Pall Mall one
Sunday evening his coach was stopped
by Captain Vratz and two hired vil
lians and Thynn's career was ter
minated by a blunderbuss. . A bas
relief on the monument depicts the
murder, and . incidentally Justifies the
boast subsequently made by Thynn's
coachman that he, too, had his effigy
in the abbey.
XO PAINTER IN THE ABBEY.
It is a singular fact that no painter
is interred in the abbey, for no other
reason apparently than that successive
deans had no appreciation of that form
of art. And it is one of the many
strange illustrations of the irony of
fate found tn the abbey that the only
painter who' has a monumer there is
the same Sir Godfrey Kneller who so
emphatically expressed his aversion to
being entombed within its walls be
cause "they do bury fools there." Sir
Godfrey himself designed the monu
ment, for which he left $1500, and chose
a place for it in Twickenham Church,
but the spot selected was already occu
pied by Pope's tablet to his father, and
as the poet refused to give way to the
painter, the painter's monument was
LONDON, July M.— "I will not ba
burled In Westminster,** said Sir God
frey Kneller, aa he lay dying, to bis
friend Pope, "they do bury fools there."
It was In 1723 that Sir Godfrey deliver
ed fcimaelf of trite contemptuous opin
ion of those Interred in England's fa
mous Waihalla, but it is worth recall
ing now for the reason it Is largely be
cause the abbey contains so many
bodies and monuments of those whose
only claim to distinction is the fact
that their dust lies there— a goodly
number of them buried Bince Sir God
frey passed away — that entombment
within its walls has been denied to
Stanley, whose right to be numbered
among England's great and heroic
dead cannot be disputed. Not but
what the pious dean with whom rested
the final decision could still have made
room for the renowned explorer had he
been eo xrinded.
Had Stanley penetrated darkest Af
rica with a Bible and a bevy of mis
sionaries, instead of with a rifle and
armed followers, undoubtedly his mor
tal remains would have been welcomed
tc the abbey, for many lie there whose
only claim to remembrance was their
eminently orthodox piety. As recently
£5 1SS9 Minor Canon Troutbeck, a
member cf the ecclesiastical staff of
the abbey and chaplain in ordinaryjto
Queen Victoria, was buried in one'of
the cloisters. Think of it! Stanley ex
cluded with the intimation that he was
not Quite great enough to be deserving
of such an honor and a minor canon
admitted as abundantly worthy of it.
PATRIOTIC PRIDE.
Xo other place appeals so strongly to
Anglo-Saxon patriotic pride as West
minster Abbey. It is regarded as the
sacred shrine of those who have done
most to make England great. All who
enter come under the spell of its magic
charm. Within its hallowed walls crit
icism seems as sacrilegious as would be
strictures passed on such wondrous
works of nature as Niagara Falls or
the Grand Canyon of Arizona. "It
seems," wrote Washington Irving, "as
if the awful nature of the place
rresses down upon the soul and hushes
the btholder into noiseless reverence.
We feel that we are surrounded by the
< or.gregated bones of the great men of
past times who have filled history with
Their deeds and earth with their re
nown."
That is the way everybody feels —
or feels that he ought to> feel — about
Westminster Abbey and the trans
atlantic visitor modestly attributes his
unfamiliarity with most of the names
he sees inscribed on tombstones, mon
uments and tablets to his own ignor
ance of things he ought to know in
English history. But as a matter of
fact among these "congregated bones"
those that carried really great men
through this world are far outnumber
ed by the osseous relics of those who
achieved merely temporary fame,
mediocrities and nobodies. "The ab
bey," writes Rev. William J. Loftfe.
one cf the few historians of it who
dares to tell the truth about it, "is
full of memorials of second and third
rate celebrities."
ONCE OPEN* TO ALL SORTS.
The mortuary chambers of the abbey,
row co Jealously guarded that even
Stanley is refused burial there, were
In the past thrown open wide to all
sorts of strange and dubious folk. In
this supposed shrine of the immortals
meet the good and the bad, the great
and the petty, the noble and the ig
noble, the famous and the infamous,
rr.uch as they do in any ordinary grave
yard. A motley gathering it would
make If the ghosts of those commemo
rated in the abbey should assemble
some night to take stock of one an
other. Unless sojourn in the other
world begets much greater charity than
is usually founti In this, there would be
much Fnifflng and tilting of dis
tinguished phantom noses and dis
trusted exclaimations of "How the
deuce came you here?" Wilberforce
might find himself hustled aside by a
pugilist; Pitt might be moved to de
nounce a swindling Secretary of
State; Wolfe might be confronted by a
Fpy; Tennyson might find himself In
the company of a writer of scurrilous
verses, and on the outskirts of the
crowd there might be found hovering
divines, minor poets, pages of the
backstairs, a plumber, a butler, a
starcher and all sorts of long forgotten
obscure people.
AMONG THE IMMORTALS.
That a prizefighter is buried in West
minster Abbey is widely known, be
cause It happens to be mentioned in
the official deanery guide, which every
visitor buys, and many are the ejacu
lations of pious horror that have been
uttered over such scandalous desecra
tion of this most famous of all sanc
tuaries of the dead. But John Brough
ton is really much more worthy of such
honor than many who are interred
there. He was a notable man in his
way. He fought his way to the top of
his profession and by pluck and hard
hitting maintained himself there for
several years. He lived to a green old
age and was long employed as a verger
in the abbey before he died in 1783. He
wished to have the words "Champion
Prizefighter of England," which con
stituted his claim to fame, inscribed
on his tombstone. But the dean of the
abbey would not permit It, and on the
tablet to his memory in the West
Cloister Broughton is commended to
the remembrance of posterity merely
as a "Yeoman of the Guard." When
priate than a tablet, above Chaucer's
tomb, to John Roberts, "the very faith
ful secretary of the Honorable William
Pelham," a Minister who held office
under George II? And when such men
as Byron, Keats and Shelley still re
main unrecognized In the abbey why
should room any longer be given to
Thomas Chaffinch and John Osbaldls
ton, "Pages \ of the Bedchamber" to
Charles II? *
SOME ROGUES REST THERE.
If only the great and herolo wera
commemorated in this place that with
more of poetry than truth has been
called "the silent meeting place of tha
great dead of eight centuries," there
would be room for the memorials of all
whose names are inscribed high on tha
rolls of England's fame. In the bap
tistry is a monument to James Craggs,
who was Secretary of State when he
died in 1720. only 32 years old. Pope
composed the epitaph which commem
orates his virtues.
Statesman yet friend to truth! of soul sincere.
In action faithful, and In honor clear!
Who broke no promi*?. served no private end.
Who rained no title and who lost no friend;
Ennobled by himself, by all approved.
Praised, wept and honored by the muse na
loved.
Yet when the South Sea bubble burst
and its books were overhauled this
same Craggs "in honor clear" was dis
covered to be an arrant rogue, his
name appearing In the subscription
lists for the fictitious sum of $1,650,000,
the price of his "influence." Pope had
no desire to be buried in the abbey
) j.
Because he chanced to be employed
as a butler in Westminster School
Thomas Warren was interred ' - one of
the cloisters in 1699. By marrying a
"Page of the Back Stairs," and as "Mis
tress Starcher," superintending Queen
Anne's washing, Elizabeth Abrahal
gained a similar posthumous honor.
For looking after Queen Anne's hens
and chickens David Davis, "First
Groom of Her Majesty's Poultry
Office," was buried, in this ground
consecrated to the great, with several
members of his family, including a six
year-old son. Nor did the little fellow
lack company there. , Many children
are burled in the abbey and none of
them was a prodigy.
The first child to be buried there, the
the time comes, as it must, when they
will have to begin removing bones from
the abbey to make room for those who
are really deserving of interment
there, honest John Broughton's should
not.be the first to be disturbed.
Prizefighters are often popular idols,
butit would be difficult to conceive of
any occupation more remote from the
paths' that lead to glory than that o! a
plumber. Yet in the holy quiet of one
of the cloisters of this temple of fame
a plumber is buried — one Philip Clarke
— for no other reason than that he
fixed the pipes and soldered up leaks
for Westminster School, an appendage
of the abbey. But no memorial will be
found in the abbey of that solder arti
ficer whom the world can. never forget,
the immortal tinker, John Bunyan.
MINGLE WITH THE GREAT.
"When a great man dies," wrote Sir
Walter Besant. "the Dean should re
move the monument of one of the un
known to make room for the newcom
er; in that way the abbey would be
come more and more the holy field of
the British empire." This policy will
have to be adopted soon. The Abbey
has witnessed the exhumation of tho
bodies of great men. After the Restora
tion the corpses of Cromwell, Ireton
and other notable leaders of the com
monwealth were taken from their
graves and subjected to many indigni
ties. Illegitimate descendants of
Charles II fill some of the places thus
made vacant. Some day perhaps these
latter may in turn be disinterred to
make room for men of unsullied fama.
Apart from actresses, great women
have received the most scant recogni
tion in the abbey, though memorials
have been bestowed on many of the
sex there. Aphra Behn, the barber's
daughter, perhaps has some claim to
fame as the first woman to earn a liv
ing by her pen in England, though her
licentiousness was notorious, and
Charles II made use of her as a spy
during the Dutch war. By - ay of con
trast it is interesting to note that ac
cording to the inscription on Mrs. Mar
tha Birch's monument she was
"chaste, wise and prudent,' though it
is evident she owes her place among
the immortals not to those commenda
ble virtues, but to the fact that her
second husband was a prebendary of
the abbey.
On the tablet to Mrs. Katherine
Bovey, on the south itZe of the great
nave, it is recorded t> - ; her "person
and understanding would havt become
the highest rank in life, and her vivac
ity would have recommended her in th~
best conversation, but by judgment, as
well as by inclination, she chose such
retirement as gave her great oppor
tunity for reading and reflection."
Apparently, therefore, she is commem
orated in thi3 temple of fame because
of what she might have been had she
not chosen to be something else. But
the incongruities of the abbey are end
less.
got rid of by placing it In tha abbsy
with an epitaph which Pope acknowl
edged to be the worst he had ever
written.
Of ecclesiastical dignitaries and di
vines there are about four dozen com
memorated in the abbey and no par
ticular standard of greatness seems to
have been applied In determining their
fitness for such an exalted honor. Th«
great majority of them have been con
nected with th» abbey. 'Among them
is Dean Sprat, now chiefly remembered
because he refused to allow Milton's
name to appear In an epitaph to some
body else in the abbey. But Deans of
"Westminster, whether great or little,
are buried in the abbey as a matter of
course. Dean Stanley and bis wife ara
burled In Henry VII's Chapel, whera
the Dean has an Imposing monument
and his wife a memorial window. Dean
Stanley was a saintly and lovable man.
a great man, too. many might consider
him, but yet he did no such work to
win lasting remembrance as that other
rejected Stanley, without whose nama
the history of Africa % can never b«
written.
GREAT WOMEN" NEGLECTED.
Movement Now on Foot to Clear
Temple of Its Unworthy
and Unknown Dead.
EXPLORER STANLEY'S BODY DENIED PLACE IN WESTMINSTER ABBEY
BECAUSE WALHALLA IS CROWDED WITH BONES OF NOBODIES
Tombs of Ancient Edifice Hold
Dust of Swindlers, Spies
and a Plumber.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1901.
Pages 17to20
Pages 17 to 20
BURIAL PLACE OF ENGLAND'S FAMOUS DEAD.Modern Woodmen.
The day after the reception given in
this city by the local camps and those
of near-by cities to Head Consul A. R.
California Council No. 1 of the
Daughters of Liberty has had the fol
lowing named installed as officers for
the current term by Deputy National
Councilor Carrie Sproul: Christine Jor
gen, honored by re-election as council
or; Emma Koopman, associate coun
cilor; Irene Autzen, vice councilor;
Barbara Schaertzer, associate vice
councilor; Laura Cantus. recording sec
retary (re-elected); Sophia Putz. asso
ciate secretary; Mrs. Frank Haley,
financial secretary: Minnie Thompson,
treasurer; Mrs. c. Bcecher. guide;
Edith Hlgglns. Inside guardian; Joseph
Mayden. outside guardian; Irene Aut>
zen, Mae Styles and Andrew Steiger,
trustees. During the cufrent term
Emma Cantus will occupy the chair of
Junior ex-assoclate councilor. The re
ports show that the council did good
w8rk during the past term and tt hopes
to do better this on*. 'V
Daughters of Liberty.
The following have been installed as
the officers of Oriental Encampment of
the I. O. O. F., District Deputy Grand
Patriarch C. L. Zeigler and staff per
forming the ceremony of installation:
M. H. Ludlow, chief patriarch; G. W.
Lemont, high priest; L. W. Clarke,
senior warden; F. D. Macbeth, junior
warden. The appointed officers were
Installed at the same time. At the
close of the beautiful and impressive
work the district deputy was highly
complimented upon the able manner
in which he discharged his duties.
Then followed a banquet at which the
chief patriarch was the toastmaster,
and upon his call there were responses
to sentiments by C- L. Zeigler, J. W.
Harris. P. G. P.; C. Stahle, Henry W,
Osthoff, R. B. Downie, Messrs. Gallo
way, Clarke, Turpin, Macbeth, Stern
berg, Perry and Rainey. The hope was
expressed by the speakers that under
the /.dminlstration of th- tew officers
the encampment shall make a record
for advancement such as has never be
fore been made by it.
\During the early part of July District
Deputy Grand Master H. M. Ludlow
and staff installed the officers of Golden
Gate Lodge in a most efficient man
ner, after which an excellent collation
was served. During the evening the
district deputy and his marshal, L. C.
The Odd Fellows.
Manzanita Tribe last week had but
a short business session, during which
twelve applications were presented.
These, with twelve presented at the
previous session, will form a class for
adoption at the next council session.
This tribe has started out to pass the
500 mark In order to be the banner
council of the great reservation, as well
as that of the reservation of California.
Seneca Council had its chiefs raised
up by Past Sachem Dastugue and Dis
trict Deputy Great Pocahontas Goodall
in Washington Square Hall in the
presence of a large numbet of mem
bers of the order. After the*raisin»; up
Miss Garrigues, the retiring Pocahon
tas, wa3 presented a beautiful floral
tribute in recognition of her services
while in the chair, and Mrs. Sheble. the
retiring prophetess, was presented a
fine emblematic badge of the order in
dicative of her rank. The leading chiefs
are Rosella Millroy, Pocahontas; Gus
sie Hul ten, Wenonah; Mr. Cunio, Pow
hattan; K. Gille, keeper of records.
During the evening the district deputy
was presented beautiful flowers and
after the council fire was quenched
there was a feast of corn and venison
and several long and short talks.
A new tribe was instituted at San
Diego last week with 100 charter mem
bers by District Deputy Great Sachem
Stovall, assisted by", several acting
great chiefs.
Since Bliss has been in that position
the membership has Increased from
41S5 to 12.000, the number of tribes from
47 to 98 and. the wealth of- the tribes
from $88,180 to $209,000.
Mrs. Annie M. Bliss, great Wenonah,
Is spending her vacation at the Red
woods in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The great Fcrcahontas, Mrs. _ Minnie
Uetts, is still in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Ida E. Wheeler of Mazanita, the
banner council of the Degree of Poca
hontas, which has nailed at the mast
head over its tepee the motto, "We are
leaders, others are followers," has an
nounced herself a candidate for the of
fice of great Minnehaha.
Miss Alleen Newton of Metamoras
Council, D. of P., was the winner in the
contest for queen of the Native Sons'
carnival. . .
WORKERS FOR SOME
OF LOCAL FLiATER-
K IT IF.S.
There will be a contest in the next
Great Council to be held in
this city next month for the
position of great chief of records.
Not that Porter L. Bliss has not proved
competent, but somebody else will like
toS^ld down the job. In view of this
two sets of cards are being distributed,
one bearing the name of the incumbent
and the other that of Fx-ed B. Swan.
Manzanita Council at its session on
the second Friday in July admitted
two by card and six by adop
tion, the work being performed by the
chiefs, who were raised up at the
previous session. Pocahontas Mrs.
Emma Rice and the other* chiefs ac
quitted themselves in a manner that
created the impression that they had
never done anything else but to adopt
palefaces. For this they were highly
complimented by those who are com
petent to pass upon the work of the
chiefs in any council. This, the ban
ner council of the reservation, is now
fired with the ambition to become the
banner council of the United States.
Having attained a membership in ex
cess of two hundred in one great sun,
it expects to be able to secure a mem
bership of more than 500 during the
current grei-t sun.
On the fifth sleep of the buck moon
the following named were raised up as
chiefs dt Kahweah Council of the De
gree of Pocahontas, Improved Order
Red Men, in the tepee in Franklin Hall
by Great District Deputy Mrs. F. C.
Adams, assisted by Great Wenonab
Annie M. Bliss and other acting great
chiefs: Pocahontas, Mrs. Tii^a Fosen;
prophetess, Mrs. A. Casey; Wenonah,
Mrs. Louetta Welch; Powhattan, J. II.
Steinman; chief of records, Mrs. E.
Aston; collector o'f wampum, May
Houston, and keeper of wampum, Mrs.
Kate Shebel. The appointed chiefs
were also raised up. This young ctrun
cil is working hard to make Its mark
in the order and with the assistance
of Sachem W. B. Welch of "Altahomos
Tribe and other active workers it will
undoubtedly show rapid progress.
Great Sachem Samuels is recovering
from a severe attack of illness that has
confined him to his home for some time.
After the "raising up" of the chiefs
of Altahomas last week the tribe,
through Deputy Dastugue, presented
to the retiring prophet, H. M. Blank
enstein, who, during his membership,
proved himself most energetic, both as
an ordinary member and a .chief, a
handsome emblematic gold badge.
There are a few Red Men in *he reser
vation of San Francisco who have given
proof that they understand and carry
out the principles of. the order, and
Henry M. Blankenst^in is one of them.
The chiefs of' Mocioc Tribe, with
Frank C. Maloney as sachem, were
"raised up" last week by Deputy
William Moran, assisted by J. J. Bryan,
past chief of Manzanita Tribe.
The chiefs of Shenendoah Tribe and
those of ¦ Opequom Council of Pinole
were jointly "raised up" in that town
last week.
Improved Red Men.
The oflicers of Apollo Lodge, I. O. O.
F., txeept W. F. Post financial, W. F.
Norcross recording secretary and C.
Mangent treasurer, who at the previous
election were elected for one year, were
inFtalle'l lor the current term by Dis
trict Deputy Grand Master II. New
bergh. assisted by the following named,
acting as grand officers: S. Bachman,
N. D. Pickets, 11. B. Downie. H. Hanny
and W. L x Meuser. The officers wh(t
are to serve until the next installation
are: G. C. Terrill, past grand; A. Beh
rend, noble grandj C. M. Irwin, vice
grand; T. F. Munroe. warden; H. a.
Carlsen, conductor; Kr Maasberg, out
side and G. B. Ersklne inside guard;
C. E. Perry and C. A. Burr, supporters
to noble grand; W. M. Kuenstle and A.
H. Cady, supporters to vice grand; M.
A. Mitchell, chaplain, and H. W. Pat
rick, organist. J. J. Applegate, B. F.
Steady and N. D. SIckais compose the
finance committee. The ceremony was
in the presence of a very large number
of members of the order. It was fol
lowed by a bountiful collation and
speechmaking. Among the speakers
were the district deputy. Past Grands
\V. F. Noreross and George C. Crowell,
who are charter members of the lodge;
Past Grands F. D. Macbeth, N. D.
Sickels, h\ D. Saville, George w.
Lewis, Louis Hammersmith, J. j. Ap
plegate. W. C. Johnson, J. R. Aitkln
and S. Bachman. During the evening
George C. Terrill, the retiring noble
grand, was the recipient of a beautiful
drop light, sent him by his mother, the
widow of the late C. C. Terrill,"' who
was a prominent member of the order
and of Arollo Lodge, which present
was accompanied by a touching letter
from the donor. There was also a
magnificent floral offering from the
same lady to the new noble grand, A.
Behrend. -This was followed hy the
presentation, on behalf of the lodge, of
an elegant jewel to the retiring noble
grand. The occasion was a most de
lightful one on account of the many
happy surprises, and it augurs well for
the future success of this well-known,
progressive lodge.
General H. O. Brower, assisted by
Canton No. SO of Fresno, mustered In
a new canton of the Patriarchs Mili
tant July 13. ~. • >.- .
A new structwre devoted to Odd Fel
lowship was dedicated with appro
priate ceremonies by Graml Secretary
Shaw last week at Lemoore. He was
assisted in the/ceremonies by a num
lier of prominent members of the order.
Unity and Wi'.dey Encampment had
a j"int installation, entertainment,
banquet and dance in t&eOdd! Fellows'
building last week.
Merson, who both hold membership In
the Grand Lodge, came in for many
congratulatory remarks for the correct
manner in which they performed their
work. Frank Lutley, the retiring no
ble grand, was presented a beautiful
emblematic locket by I. E. Jarrett on
behalf of the lodge, in appreciation of
the manner he had conducted the af
fairs of the subordinate during his
term.
The same installing officers also in
stalled the officers of Sargent Lodge.
Fred W. Stowell, past noble grand of
Templar Lodge and past president of
the San Francisco Relief Committee,
has taken up his residenee in Silt Lake
City to assume the position of city
editor of the Salt Lake Tribune. The
ofilcers of Templar Lodge were in
stalled last wee);.
Talbot of the Modern Woodmen/ of
America he left for the State of Oregon
to continue his official visits. He,
while in this city, created n very fa
vorable impression upon those who
he;ird him. including many who be
long to other organizations and who
declared him to be the most entertain
ing speaker along fraternal lines that
ever visited this city. While in the
southern part of the Suite, prior to his
visit to this city, he w.is enthusiastic
ally received wherever he went, and,
as he declared, gained a most favor
able impression not of the Modern
Woodmen in this State but of the peo
ple generally.
At the last meeting of Goodfellowship
Camp of this city the effect of the head
consul's visit was made manifest In the
presentation of a number 1 of applica
tions from Individuals who were moved
to join by the arguments of the head of
the order.
State Deputy Consul J. O. Davis has
assumed editorial charge of the Cali
fornia Modern Woodman, which has
been adopted as the official State pa
per. It is an eight-page monthly, neat
ly got up and filled with Interesting
news of the order.
Head Consul Talbot returned to this
city from Oregon last week and the
following day left for Los Angeles,
where he was booked for itn official
visit. On the 23d, he, in company of
State Deputy Head Consul J. O. Davis,
was present at a "log rolling" by the
camp in Santa Monica. Both were on
the programme to address the meeting.
During the month of July both Good
fellowship and Occidental camps had
work in the adoption degree. At the
last meeting the last named camp had
five applications and the first had a
like number.
Iiast week the Indies of the camp of
"Royal Neighbors, after a short business
meeting, had a pleasant entertainment
for the members of the" camp only.
After the programme of music, songs
and recitations there was a collation
and congratulatory speeches.
Carquinez Parlor had its officers in
stalled jointly with those of the local
parlor of Native Daughters July 20.
The officers of South San Francisco
Parlor were installed July 6 and the
event was followed by a social hour.
The officers of El Capitan Parlor will
be installed July 15.
Sierraville Pnrlor was Instituted at
Sierraville, Sierra County, by Grand
Organizer Andrew Mocker. W. E. Mil
ler is the president and Elmer Strang.
recording secretary.
The officers of Marshall Parlor for
the current term are: Vincent P. Ma
her, past president; William J. Shelbe.
president: George H. Weiscl.. Lestr F.
Hayes and A. J. Scalmanini, vice pres
idents; Fred J. Baker, marshal;
Charles H. Louis, financial, and Robert
O. Bokee, recording sfCFetary; M. J.
Farro, treasurer; Marcus "Marks and
Joseph J. Caen, sentinels; Peter Boulin,
trustee.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of California
Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W., for the cur
rent term: T. Edward Bailey, past
president; E. O. Wright, president: W,
O. Sommers, J. J. Neubcr'th and E.
Freidman, vice presidents; B. F. Han-
Ion, financial, and Charles A. Bolde
mann, recording secretary; Isadoro
Unger. marshal; Frank Tuchler and A.
Hollenbach, sentinels; E. A. Joujou.
organist. The installation was followed
by a smoker and jinks.
Native Sons.
District Grand Master Frank Marlni
and staff installed the following named
as the officers of Loyal Oakland Lodge
of the Manchester Unity of Odd Fel
lowship for the current term: TV. L.
Nelson, grand master; O. J.' Smith,
noble grand; L. P. Jones, vie© grand;
W. S. Harmon, elective secretary; i. A.
Compiana, warden; A. E. Harrison,
lecture master; Jesse Smoot. guardian;
Dr. F. R. Jordan, physician. After the
ceremony of installation there was a
pleasant social hour.
Provincial Grand Master Frank
Marinl, assisted by Past Provincial
Grand Master Dr. Howard Harrington,
Provincial Secretary Edward Farrell.
Thomas Miller. D. P. G. M., and Frank
Bell, deputy for the lodge, installed th-e
officers of Loyal Golden Gate Lodge fe>r
the current term: Charles K. Stewart,
grand master; Charles A. Robert?,
,noble grand: William Silva. vice grand;
William Holroyd, lecture master;
Harry I. Wilson, permanent secretary;
Louis Longneville. elective secretary;
August Modeste, outside guard; Michel
Tononi, conductor, and Ferdinand!
Blasl. warden. The installation jvas
followed by a programme of entertain
ment under the direction of Noble
Grand Roberts, which had been ar
ranged by Ernest Lauf. F. Blasl and
William Silva, the committee on social
events, which was greatly enjoyed by
all. During the evening Provincial
Secretary Edward Farrell gave a very
interesting address on Odd Fellowship
as exemplified by the Manchester
Unity. This lodge will give a picnic
to its members and friends in Glen
Park, Sunnyside, July 31. The lodge
during the past quarter met wfth great
success and passed the 400 mark in
membership.
Loyal San Francisco Lodge is no^v
located in the fraternal building at
Sixteenth and* Valencia streets, and
meets there every Thursday night.
Loyal Colombo Lodge at its last %
meeting initiated two strangers, In- -
creasing the membership to 275. Thi3
lodge works in the Italian language.
G. Satanl has been appointed district
deputy for the lodge.
A new lodpre of the order is beins;
organized in Los Angelea, and it will
soon be instituted.
Manchester Unity.
Canton San Francisco No. 5, Pa- ¦
trlarchs Militant, will give a .grand
military ball in Native Sons* Hall on
the night of Friday. August 13. Tha
committee that will have charge of tha
function is James W. Harris, C. H.
Kronbeck, C E. Benedict and J. B.
Outland. -. .*l^jffl.» J
bers. * Ms
The officers of Golden Gate Circle
were installed in the assembly hall of
the Pioneer building on the night of
July 6 in the presence of a large num
ber of people. The ceremony was let
ter perfect, reflecting credit upon those
who had the matter in charge.
There was a good attendance of the
members of the Choppers' Friendship
Club last week to witness the Initia
tion of a number of applicants for
membership, also the installation of the
officers for the current term. The cere
mony was followed by a smoker and a
"jolly good programme." The club has
secured a very attractive and distinc
tive button to be worn by the mem-
Mrs. Lou A. Derrick, recently ap
pointed special organizer for Redwood
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, has
been most successful, having succeeded
in bringing Into the circle an order of
one hundred and three members, of
whom fifty-six were 'initiated in Red
wood Circle. Recently she instituted
a new circle at Pleasantcm with forty
seven charter members, being assisted
in the work by Organizer Miss B. M.
Rummer. Mrs. L. Powell Is the guar
dian neighbor of the circle and Roda
K. Adams the clerk.
C. C, was the Installing officer. During
the evening: there was the presentation
of a handsome badge to A. A. Perrin.
After the installation of the circle and
camp officers there was a programme
of entertainment and then dancing,
which was enjoved by the many who
filled the hall to its limit.
The following have been installed as
officers of Pathfinder Camp for the
current term, the installing officers be
ing Past Consul Commander McDon
ald of Tamalpais Camp, assisted by
Past Consul Commander Miller of the
sitting camp as head escort: Isador
Pfahls, consul commander; H. C. Fla
golet, advisor lieutenant; E. V. Raber,
escort; A. Morris and P. T. Wolff, man
agers; R. Ewing, watchman, and H.
Jackson, sentry.
Woodmen of the World.
The new officers of California Camp,
"Woodmen of the World, were installed
last week by Special Deputy W. *C.
Krumm, assisted by Dr. M. B. Estes
as head escort, in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building In the pres
ence of a large number of ladies and
gentlemen, many of them not members
of the order. After the installation C.
A. Vealey, the retiring consul com
mander, was presented by E. B. Mc
itanus, P. C. C, on behalf of the camp,
a handsome emblematic Aadge of his
rank in Wiken of appreciation of his ser
vices to the camp." Then Leo de Car
dona, P. C. C, also on behalf of the
camp, presented a like token to Joseph
A. i Wilson, who was the first consul
commander of the camp, but who never
before had been remembered, and be
fore the recipient could make response
"Prince" Laurance Vincent on behalf
of the camp did something that is very
seldom done in a fraternal organiza
tion. Mr. Wilson, better known as
"Pop," is a member of the National
Union and was recently appointed gen
eral deputy- for that order. The mem
bers of the camp, many of whom are
members of the other society, concluded
that it would be a pretty fraternal com
pliment to pay to the Woodman to
show him that they were pleased at his
promotion, therefore they, through ,the
"Prince /• presented him a diamond-Bet
button of the National Union, telling
him that along fraternal lines there
should be only the best feeling between
organizations that are working for the
advancement of the human family.
This was followed by the presentation
by D. Oliver Jr., editor of the Pacific
Woodman, on behalf of the special or
ganizer, a beautiful emblematic Wood
man button to "Prince 4 Vincent in
recognition of the hard and unselfish
work he has done for the Woodmen of
the World. After that there was, un
der the direction of the social commit
tee, composed of Neighbors Grunwald,
Goldberg, Berger, Blake, Watson, Mc-
Geeney and Schmitt, a programme of
entertainment in the patriotically and
tastefully decorated hall, progressive
whist, dancing, refreshments and Ice
cream. .--':, '¦
The following were installed as the
officers of Tamalpais Camp for the cur
rent term: J. J. McDonald, past con
sul commander; John McCann, consul
commander; A. H. Hansan, adviser; J.
J. Hurley, escort: S. L. Ellis, Inside
watchman; L. Wolf. ¦ sentinel; S. A.
McHugh, manager. J. J. McDonald, P.
Mrs. EUa E. Carninetti. grand presi
dent, was In this city last -week on of
ficial business. She will In a short time
make u» her list of official visits and
will probably arrange them so as to
visit the San Francisco parlors during
the latter part of the year.
At the reception that was tendered to
Grand President Mrs. Caininetti by Ur
sula Parlor No. 1 there was an address
of welcome by Rose Relchling, past
president of that parlor, an address by
Judge Rust, an Instrumental duet by
the Misses Berrin, recitation by Robert
P. Kerr, piano solo by Ila Ginochlo, a
response to the welcome address by the
grand president and orchestral selec
tions, which were followed by the pre
sentation of a silver-backed toilet set
as a token of true fraternal love from
the members of the parlor and gratifi
cation of her elevation to the highest
position of the order. There were many
present, and it was a most joyous re
union of Native Daughters and per
sonal friends of the guest of the even
ing.
The following named were Installed
last week by Lucia Neubarth, D. D. G.
P.. as the officers of Minerva Parlor:
Minnie A. Wall, past president; Lena
M. Wilson, president; Emma Schalligh,
Agnes Tierney and Elenor R. Anderson.
vice presidents; Julia Williams, mar
shal; Margaret Wynne, financial secre
tary; Margaret Granville, recording
secretary: Mary A. Dempsey, treas
urer; A-ldie Silva and Ray Williams,
sentinels; Mary Bahlman, Annie Pen
dersast. and Nellie Wynne, trustees;
Lena Wall, organist. Past Grand Pres
ident Belle W. Conrad <|uring the cere
monies acted as grand marshal. After
the ceremonies there were addresses by
the district deputy, Past Grand Presi
dents Conrad and Tillman and Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes. There was
the presentation of flowers to the in
stalling officers and the serving of ice
cream and cakes.
The officers of Fremont Parlor were
installed by Dora Bradley, D. D. G. P.,
assisted by Carrie Bezzoni as grand
marshal and Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes as adviser in ceremonial work.
After the installation there was the
presentation of a handsome locket to
Past President Alice D. Carr and of
flowers to incoming: and outgoing of
ficers, short addresses by the grand
secretary and others and the serving of
a collation.
The following named have been in
tailed by District Deputy Grand Presi
dent Mae O'Connor of La Vespero
Parlor as the officers of Las Tarrosas
Parlor for the current term: Amelia
Etraub, past president; Freda Buck
ing:, president; Alice Layne, Margaret
McCarthy and Bessie Needham, vice
presidents; Cathryn Fitzgerald, re
cording secretary; Minnie Lefferman,
financial secretary; Minnie Lilienthal,
marshal; Louise Koch, treasurer;
Cecilia Kistel. inside sentinel; Lena
Partridg-e. outside sentinel; Mary.
O'Donnell, Esther Kistle and Anna
Helblng. trustees. Among those who
witnessed the installation were Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes and ex-
District Deputy Anna F. Lacy. After
the ceremonies each of these were
presented fragrant flowers and each
made a speech, that of the grad sec
retary being particularly fellcitious.
Then refreshments and a collation
were served.
The officers of Visalia Parlor were
Installed last week by Karaline Mur
ray, D. D. G. P.. who at the recent
session of the Grand Parlor presented
to the order a march of her compo
sition and which has been adopted as
one of the official marches of the
order.
Arrangements have been made for
the joint Installation of the officers of
Keith and La Estrella parlors by
Emma Thierbach, D. D. G. P.
Gabrielle Gress, D. D. G. P., will on
the night of July 27 install the officers
of the parlor in Occidental. The same
nigrht the officers of the parlor of Na
tive Sons of that place will be installed
in the same hall and at the close of
the ceremonies there will be a grand
ball. Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes has been invited to attend arid
Fhe has accepted.
Meda Vandewort will install the of
ficers of Verona and Angelita parlors.
The officers of Aloha Parlor, N. D..
and those of Oakland Parlor were in
stalled in the same hall in Pythian
headquarters in Oakland last- week in
the presence of a large number of the
friends of both parlors. The installing
officers were: For the Daughters, Mrs.
B. M. Sanborn, and for the Sons, Jacob
Harder Jr.
During the early part of July Gabriel
Parlor, N. D. G. W., tendered a ban
quet to Garbrielle Gress, Sara Oster
man and Dolly Hyam, who were the
parlor's delegates to the Grand Parlor
session In Patiflc Grove. This was at
tended by the guests of the parlor and
Mrs. Munson, Olive Wood, Carrie
Pesante, Miss O'Nell, Miss Levy, Miss
Heineman, Miss Buckingham, - Mrs.
Sans Souci Parlor, N. D. G. W., gave
a banquet last week to Dora Bloom and
Edna Levy, its delegates to the Grand
Parlor at its last session. This
was in the meeting hall in tfce Odd Fel
lows' Building, and it was attended by
nearly the entire membership and a
select number of invited guests. Grace
Magner was the toastmistress, and
after the supper there was speechmak
ing and the presentation of beautiful
flowers to the delegates.
The following named have been in
stalled by the senior past president of
the parlor, Mrs. Julia A. Steinbach, as
the officers of Alta Parlor No. 3: L.
Trittenbach. past president; Edith
Muhlner, president; M. B. Waller, S.
Moyce, Aranekea Vete, vice presidents;
Helen Hanna, marshal; Elizabeth F.
Douglass, financial, and C. Faulkner,
recording secretary; F. Murphy, treas
urer; Louise Sullivan and J. Mantor,
sentinels; Mollie Brown, Julia Downey
and J. Simmons, trustees; E. Schnut
tenhaus. organist. The installation was
in public in the parlor's pr«ttily decor
ated hall in the presence of a few ap
preciative friends. Mollie Brown, the
retiring past president, was presented
an emblematic pin in recognition of
services rendered.
Manning, Miss Wessling, Mrs. Cames,
Mrs. Monroe, Mrs. Coonej-, Miss Guis
endorfer, Mrs. Morrison, Miss Fleish
man and Mrs. A. Schneidewind of the
parlor, besides eight invited guests. Af
ter the banquet there was speechmak
ing of the congratulatory order, songs
and a social hour, during which much
was said for the good/ of the parlor.
The function was jftranged and car
ried out to a successful issue under
the direction of Mrs. A. Schneidewind,
Mrs. "Wessling and Mrs. Munson. At
the meeting of July 21 the following
named were installed as the officers
of this parlor for the current term:
Miss Behrens, past president; Olive
Wood, president; Carrie Pesante, L.
Cooney and N. Monroe, vice presi
dents; F. Levy, financial, Mrs.
Munson, recording secretary; Lizzie
Stanton, treasurer; M. Espe, inner and
Miss Heiman outer sentinel; Mrs. A.
Schneidewind, marshal; Mrs. Tracy,
organist, and Mrs. Blaisdell, trustee.
The parlor was instituted in June, 1903,
and named for Gabrielle Gress, the or
ganizer, who was ably assisted in
the matter by Sara Osterman, and
since its institution has in>reased in
membership to 100 and more^ Its pros
pects for advancement are very bright,
for the membership is congenial and
harmony is the watchword of the or
ganization.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
ECHOES
FROM THE
LODGE
ROOM
18been charming London audiences and
Rose Coghlan capturing local audiences
In "Between Matinee and Night." The
mysterious Zancigs. In their telepathic;
exhibition, are. however, still the reign
ing sensation. &3fi
'Odette Tyler is the latest recruit to
the vaudeville ranks. She will shortly
be seen in a sketch-called "The Maid,
The/title of William Gillette's new
play is "Clarice." It will have Its first
production in London next spring.
Edward T. Emery, recently of the
Central and Alcazar theaters, has ar
rived in New York, where he will pro
duce his play, "The Prince Imperial."
Oliver Morosco is to establish a com
pany at the Majestic Theater, with J.
Henry Kolker, recently of, the Davls-
Boyle fitock company at the Bastable
Theater, Syracuse, as leading man, and
Grace Reals as leading woman. Among'
the engagements are Robert Rogers,
Helen Lackaye, Louise Mackintosh, Su
zette Jackson and Fred Gaden.
v I* * *
MANAGERS AND ACTORS
ARE BUSY PREPARING
lt>R WINTER SEASON
BERLIN, July 23.— The German
Crown Prince had an amusing experi
ence during his recent stay at Cux
haven. \*
On visiting the cutter Induna, which
took part in the regatta, the Prince
was seized by the crew, who, accord
ing to a time honored seamen's cus
tom, hoisted him to the masthead as a
"land lubber."
The Prince took the affair In excel
lent part and after hanging aloft for
a time laughingly agreed to pay the
necessary ransom and was lowered
again.
Hoist Prince to Masthead.
A mistaken idea has gained currency
that Harrison Grey Fiske intends to
establish a "stock" company at the
Manhattan Theater next season. Flske
Is forming a permanent dramatic or
ganization to support Mrs. Fiske. but
It will not be a "stock" company in
the usual sense of the term. The com
pany will be identified permanently
with the Manhattan Theater and will
play in New York the greater part of
each season, except for brief visits to
a few of the principal cities in the
spring. In addition to the engagements
of John Mason, George Arliss and
Charles Cartwright, which have been
announced. • Fiske has secured William
B." Mack, Robert V. Ferguson, W. L.
Branscombe, Ludwis Lederer. Emily
Herbert signed his contract last Mon
days, afternoon and met Glen MacDon
ough, who is writing the book of the
musical production which will open
the new theater, to consult with the
Messrs. Hamlin, Mitchell and Fields,
and work immediately began. Rehear-
Bals, under 'the direction of Julian
Mitchell and Lew Fields, will probably
begin early in September.
Announcement has been made at the
offices of Hamlin, Mitchell & Fields in
,New York that Victor Herbert has
been engaged to write all the music for
the productions at the Lew M. Fields
Theater, which is to open on West
Forty-second street in November. It
also was officially announced that Miss
Marie Cahill had signed as a member
of the Lew Fields Theater Company,
she affixing her signature to the docu
ment in her stateroom on board the
.steamship Deutschland just prior to its
sailing for Europe. /
tion of "Salammbo," in which Frederick
Warde and Kathryn KIdder will star
next season, will represent scenes in
and around the ancient city of Car
thage. They were painted by Logan
Reid and Alexander Corbett. The first
act represents the Temple of Tanit. the
second act the Interior of, Salammbo's
sumptuous apartments, the third the
Interior of Matho's tent on the battle
field, and the fourth the entrance to
the Temple of Moloch. There- are two
scenes in the last act, one showing the
ruins of the Temple of Delos and the
other the outer entrance to the Temple
of Tanit near the Acropolis. The mas
sive and costly properties were de
signed and made by Edward Seidle of
the Metropolitan Opera-house, New
York. ,
There will be competition this week
at the Orpheum between . "Charmion."
and Rose Coghlan. Charmion bka
• '• ¦•
Ha! Ha! One foresees a hard time of
It for the villain this week up at the
Central. s The drammer is "The Gates
of Justice."
The Fischer boom is still on with "A
Lucky Stcne" and the new company.
Strains* of "The Toreador," the Tiv
oli's next production, are beginning to
float 'round the opera house. Mean
time "Robin Hood" still equals the best
"Robin Hood" we have had here, as- the
return visits of its delighted auditors
testify. ,
James Neill and his company have
"A Gentleman of France" as their me
dium for this week, beginning with
this afternoon's performance. The sea
son, so far, has been exceptionally
prosperous.
Appropriately, the Alcazar follows up
this week its last week's "Prisoner of
Zenda" with the sequel play "Rupert
of Hentzau." Both are plays in which
Mr. Whittlesey may be seen at his best.
The return of Miss Crosby to the Al
cazar boards has been a signally suc
cessful move. .
Melodrama Is still rampant at the
California, Elmer Walters and com
pany presenting to-night for their sec
ond week "Just Struck' Town," in which
there is claimed to be a flood scene un
equaled on land or sea since the del
uge.
To-morrow evening an engagement
always anticipated with much pleasure
ty local playgoers will begin at the Co
lumbia, in that of Henry Miller and his
company in "Mice and, Men." Mr.
Miller's engagement this year is for
four weeks only, and besides "Mice and
Men," that Is by Madeleine Lucette Ry
ley and a success of two seasons in
London and New York, Henry Arthur
Jones' latest play, "Joseph Entangled."
will be here presented for the first time
in America. Mr. Miller's leading wo
men are Jessie Busley and Hilda Spong
and others of the company are Walter
Allen, John Glendinning, Frederick Ty
ler, J. Hartley Manners, Stanley Dark,
Charles J. Butler, Frederick Tiden,.
Frank Willard. Bertram Harrison.
Grace Heyer and Mrs. Maggie Hollo
way Fisher.
• :¦-, •>;¦;•
The elaborate stage pictures In Wag
enhals & Kemper's spectacular produc-
"Babes In Toyland, ' the successful
extravaganza, will probably find Its
way to the • bookstalls where it will
come before the juvenile population An
the Bhape of a book for children. The
author, Glen MacDonough, has re
ceived a very tempting offer from a
well-known firm of New York publish
ers to "novelize" his play. "Babes in
Toyland" ought to make a most charm
-ing fairy tale
Contracts have just been signed be
tween Manager Edward Ackerman of
the California Theater and Frederic
Belasco whereby the popular actress,
Florence Roberts, is to play an engage
ment of four weeks at the California,
commencing Sunday, August 28. This
will J be the only appearance of Miss
Roberts in San Francisco this season,
as she resumes her tour immediately
after the conclusion of her engagement
at the California.
. . •
The musical comedy productions to
come 'here during the season include
"The Wizard of Oz," "The Sultan of
Sulu," "The Billionaire," Frank Dan
iels in "The Office Boy," "Glittering
Gloria" and "The Silver Slipper." "The
Wizard of Oz" is sure of a cordial wel
come. This most successful of podern
extravaganzas has achieved a record of
two years' consecutive run, and its tri
umph is based wholly on its originality
of humor, its catchy songs, its clever
asemblage of comedians and singers
and its wealth of scenic splendors.
Since its long run in New York City
"The Wizard of Oz" has been subjected
to thorough revision, and a new ver
sion, entitled "an edition de luxe," will
be seen here.
• • ?
Hilda Spong arrived in New York
from England the other day and is now
on her way here to join the Miller or
ganization for the first American pro
duction of "Joseph Entangled." Both
Miss Snong and Miss Busley will be in
the cast.
Edna Wallace Hopper has, deserted
vaudeville and will return to the Ast
of "Florodora," which starts out on No
vember 21 In St. Paul. ,
• » *
the Mouse and the Man." Next spring
Ttfiss Tyler will appear in New York
with R. D. McLean in a new play called
"The lied Carnation."
| MADAME ZANCIG WRITING A THOUGHT MESSAGE.
MILLER COMES WITH
HENRI ARTHUR JONES'
LATEST PRODUCTION
body as ever breathed! "Any one can
do it, you know."
"But there are not so many married
people that are en rapport as we are,"
the professor said, looking over at the
little lady. "Seventeen years of happy
married life we have had, and never
had but one meal apart — that was
when I entertained George Gould's
guests."
"You are Germans?"
"From Copenhagen," Madame cor
rected.
"I beat my way over here," the pro
fessor added. "I've had to paddle my
own canoe always. I worked at a
match factory one half-day when I
was 7, and went the other half-day to
school. I've been about everything
since — salesman, when I took this up
three years ago."
"And since then?"
. "Performing in New York and round
the world," Mr. Zancig said proudly.
He told me then that he was also an
expert hypnotist, that he dabbled in
palmistry, and discoursed of the value
and prevalence of suggestion. He's quite
a philosopher, too, amiably j optimis
tic. Of how he does his marvels he is,
however, entirely ignorant. "I will it
and Madame sees," he says. But of
.the medium of communication be
tween them he knows nothing, nor for
the larger significances of the phenom
ena, their concern with the immortal,
their seeming prophecy of lovely and
infinite sympathies, cares.
In fact, Mr. Zancig, and Madame as
a dutiful wife, are in the position of
the Orpheum musician who got a
"test" last Wednesday afternoon. Peo
ple had been seeking to pump the mu
sicians, and to satisfy a curiosity very
Infrequent with the miracje stuffed
bandsmen they had asked the Zancips
to explain. The magicians accordingly
gave them a "test" behind scenes and
after it as I went In I heard one of
them say, "Donnerwetter! Ach, mein
Gott! What it is?"
Stevens and Mary Maddern for the new
company. He has engaged a new mu
sical director, Frederick W. Ecke. who
was one of the principal Violinists in
the Metropolitan orchestra under Seidl.
and who for several seasons directed
the orchestra of Augustin Daly's The
ater. The Manhattin orchestra will be
composed almost entirely of strings.
LONDON, July 23.— A picture deals*
of this city named Croce claims to hava
discovered the famous picture by Ra<
phael known as the "Madonna del Pas
seggio," or "Promenading Madonna."*
He has no doubt regarding the authen
ticity of the find and has offered $500 to
any one who can prove him wrong.
The picture was discovered in a prl*
vate house near this city and the pic
ture dealer bought it for a few pounds.
It is 22xl§ Inches in size and Is believed
to be the smallest fainting made by
Raphael on canvas.' It was executed]
at the order of the Marquise of Mantua
and was bought by Charles I of Ens-.
land in 1628.
This also from Loudon G. Charlton?
"lime. Johanna Gadski will make her
first American transcontinental tour ia
concert and song recital this cominst
Beason under the management of Lou
don G. Charlton. Mme. Gadski haa
hoped for a number of years to devota
one season to concert work, but hec
operatic engagements have prevented,
This spring, by reason of what she be-«
Heved to be a breach of contract on Mr.
Conried's part, Mme. Gadski canceled
her association with the Metropolitan
Opera Company, and refused one bril
liant offer from II. W. Savage to slnjj
Kundry In his English production of
'Parsifal,' in order that nothing might
interfere with the plan for an entira
season of concerts. Beginning In No-*
vember with an engagement with tha
Boston Symphony Orchestra. Mme,
Gadski will give recitals in New Yorlc
and Boston, then go direct to the Pa*
ciflc Coast by way of the NorthwestenS
cities."
Discovers New Madonna.
* • •
David BIspham has again refused all
offers for operatic engagements for this
year that he may devote the coming
season wholly to oratorio, concert acd
recital under the direction of Loudon
G. Charlton. He will give twelve or
fifteen recitals in California. Oresoa
and the State of Washington In Feb
ruary and March, 1DC5. Mr. Bispham
Is already booked, too. with the Phila
delphia, Pittsburg and Washington or
chestras. Besides the fine recital pro
grammes for which he is Justly famed
in this country as well as abroad, tha
singer has arranged for this coming
tour a series of four song cycle con
certs by Beethoven, Schumann. Schu
bert and Brahms, each of which will
occupy an evening, and for which dates
are already booked In New York, Bos
ton, Brooklyn. Philadelphia, Washing
ton, Chicago and San Francisco. Mr.
Bispham's tour will commence in Oc
tober and include every Important city
In the country.
Nina David, a new coloratura so
prano that Robert Grau will exploit
during the coming season, is said to
have the "greatest range in the world."
She runs six notes taller than Patti's
highest in 18S1. Mystery and moonshine
are, however, being largely used in Misa
David's advertisement. Mr. Grau sends
out among others the following state
ments about her:
"While there seems to be an air of
mystery over the personality and iden
tity of the coloratura singer. Nina
David, Robert Grau wishes it to ba
clearly understood that she is an un
known artiste and an absolute discov
ery of his; but while the career of Nina
David has not embraced tours of ereat
countries at thousands a night, it is not
because musical managers have nut
heard of her, for Grau claims that ha
¦was In competition with all of them
for nearly a year past, and it was only
because he outbid them, as he did in
the case of Patti. that- he succeeded.
Ninety-five per cent of the musical
profession know of Nina David, and
there is not a local manager in all of
this country who is not discounting tha
musical furor she will mak^ by book
ing her company on terms that would
be prohibitive if she were not sure to
be a big box office proposition. Nina
David Is, according to Grau. the world's
greatest coloratura singer. She has the
greatest vocal range in the world. Sha
has never sung in New York beforo
audiences, but nearly all the musicians
have heard her, and she is under con
tract not to sing a note until she faeca
her first audience at' Carnegie' Hall in
New York, and it will then be decided
if the manager has been wise. Grau
has repeatedly sntd he would not take
$100,000 for his contract with the new
diva, and he has shown his confidence
in her by surrounding her with artists
of world wide fame, and given her an
entourage worthy of the successor of
the Patti of a decade ago. Madame
David is a relation of Felicien Devid.
who has written more of the difficult,
florid and bravoura music than any
composer of recent years, and it is tha
masterpiece number of this comooser.
viz. 'Le Perle du Bresil,* with which
she will first endeavor to convince her
listeners that her right to the title of
new queen of song is not Idle."
It is to be confessed that Orpheum
<»ceultism had long ago ceased to in
terest me. The ladies that get into
large baskets to be stabbed by Mr.
Herrmann I knew— well. I knew how
they got out. The delightful spectacle
- t money-coining In the Herrman and
«ther hats, that, too — alas!— I knew an
illusion. The floating lady fascinated,
until I discovered that the Herrmann
wand was not her only means of sup
port. The "Svengalis" hypnotics
amused, but I could not accept them
as four eouls with but a single thought
In fact. I was fast developing a nasty
>kepticism concerning O'Farrell street
magic
It was, therefore, without any par
ticular thrill that I heard of the com
ing of the "mysterio-ufl Zancigs." tele
pathists in ordinary to this and that
Rajah in India, psychics extraordinary
in general. I hoped only that the f— e
would be better fun than usual. It
was. It was. in fact, not a fake. Al
most persuaded before of telepathic
possibilities, the Zancig performance
leaves me utterly, abjectly convinced.
Now I am only wondering whether to
exercise my concentrative faculties on
the god of raised salaries or of long
\ acations — for Meinherr Zancig dis
claims any monopoly of miracle. "Any
one can do it," this weird person af
firms, as he pinions a man at one end
of the Orpheum and Madame at the
other remarks that the victim is
blonde, slightly scarred behind the left
car and named Heautontimorenous
Jones!
My introduction to this weird pair
was unusually fortunate. They were,
in fact, heralded by the most redoubt
able skeptic of my acquaintance. They
had obligingly held him up on the high
seas and convinced him of sin on their
way here from the Orient. I was grate
f Jl. I had labored humbly thereto my
self. The K. S. had remained unkindly
deaf to my suggestion that there might
t<e "something in it." My proof was in
adequate. And here he was transform
ed from the most doubting of Thom
ases into an even ardent disciple. It
was. therefore, with rather lively ex
pectations that I went to see the Zan
cigrs, within the close range of a pri
vate chat.
The first glimpse was a little disap
pointing. They don't, as they should,
live in a cave. You take the elevator
to their rooms and when you get there
they are just like every one else's.
There was a broomstick, it is true, but
there was a Chinese "boy" at the end
of iL A huge skull— later I learned no
skull, but an ostrich skeleton from
South Africa — gave the place some
thins of a nice, creepy feeling. But I
didn't see any toe of newt or eye of
bat about. There was a typewriter and
by it a serious-looking gentleman in
conventional morning garb. And by
him there was a little lady, brown
eyed, demure, sweet, sewing buttons
on the serious-looking gentleman's
vest. I thought there must be some
mistake, but my friend insisted: "The
Zancig?.- f
It was all comically conventional at
first. We even looked at photographs.
Yet here the conventional ended. The
Zaneips in jinrickshas, in bullock carts
in Africa, on elephant back in India,
at a -sacred monkey ranch" in Cey
lon. ur.d<T the cherry blossoms of Nip
p<m. in the diamond mines of Kimber
ley, were lavishly pictured. Princes of
India, magnificently garbed, with faces
Sculptured with the pride of centuries,
then passed, in superb procession,
looFA-ljpped rajahs, supple nautch
girls, low-browed Africans, laughing
Kaffir girls— the fattest "worth sixteen
<«.\\s," lace-like temples of Burmah,
the whit? plory of the Taj Mahal, the
palms ard facred *vaters of the
Ganges, until, with the illuminative
comment of the travelers, one seemed
to be rapidly a-journeying to the won
derful lands.
"This man," Paid the professor, sing
ling out the photograph of a proud old
monarch, with an intense Intellectual
weariness vstamped upon the face, "is
the Maharajah Kumar. He gaw us at
the Royal Theater in Calcutta and sent
for us to come 'to his castle— Tapore
Castle. Here's his card; perhaps you'd
like to see it?"
From a pocketbook full of cards— the
cards of princes, rajahs, mandarins.
even as thine and mine — the professor
took this prince's, and I looked at it as
he said:
"We were the only European per
. formers over Invited to his castle."
"Fine man," Mrs. Zancig added. "He
knew everything, I think. He had a
wonderful library — one room, four
times as lsrpe as this— with nothing in
!t but bonks on occultism. That is why
he was interested in us."
"You gave a performance for him
then?" I asked.
"Yes. indeed." the professor replied,
"and he v.as very pleased. But it was
very uncomfortable. One was treated
like a king. Servants bowing; why, if
you wanted your chair turned 'round
like this " The professor sprang
alertly behind his chair and turned it
Fix inches more to the west. "Why,
you hollered 'boy!' and the servants
turned It."
"But such a dream of a place," sigh
ed Mrs. Zancig; "wonderful marble pil
lars and 6ilken rugs and perfumed
woods and ivories— ah! And all his la
dies behind the lattices, peeping
through. They couldn't come down be
cause my husband was a man."
"And afterward, what you think?"
unllrd the professor. "I had admired
a suit of clothes worn by one of the
Maharajah's men, and after we had
Kone home he sent a servant to us with
four tailors, .who measured both of us
Jor fults."
"They took twenty men a month to
make," Mrs. Zancig added,
"Oh* it'B too beautiful!" I cried. "Did
you know that you had been living in
the. Arabian Nights T'
"You'll think so when you have seen
the suits," the professor laughed, and
'then, heralded by poignant, strange
perfumes, the suits were shuwn to me—
"Well, I noticed first that Madame
Zancig would so often say the thing
that I was thinking of." recalled the
professor. "Then we experimented, and
did the thing for fun at first, never
thought of making a living at it."
"It is all 'harmony'" explaned Ma
dame—surely as sweet and kind a little
dazzling velvets, splendidly daring of
color and sewn close with jewel and
spangle in lavish barbaric patterns;
taJPhats with rare aigrettes and bril
liant shoes by , Calcutta, complete
the royal outfit. They tumbled out
ether lovely loot In the search for th*
clothes — glorious shells from the Natal
beach in Africa, ostrich feathers as
picked from the tree, exquisite em
broideries from Japan, a cane "
"Indian?" I questioned.
"There are 540 pieces of wood of dif
ferent kinds in that," the professor in
formed me, handing the cane along.
"That was given to me by the Guru
M ahad c vasram ' '
"I'll take the rest on trust," I said
hurriedly, as he showed me the Guru's
picture, a small, frail child, upon whose
slim shoulders hang the destinies of
many thousands of Hindoos.
"They also entertained us," said ma
dame; "the little boy sat in state and
his mother had to peep through a crack
in the door."
"Did any of them show you any
magic?" I asked then.
Mr. Zancig looked at Mrs. Zancig and
both laughed, a little uncertainly. "Oh,
yes," said the professor, "most of it
very good, but quite explainable. Still,
the Hindoo magicians will do, right on
the open street and wearing only a loin
cloth, tricks that our magicians cannot
do on the stage." ,«\.
"But I mean real magic— the kind
Max Muller tells about," I persisted.
"There was one strange thing"—hes
itated the professor.
"Ah, that's what I want," I encour
aged.
"Well, this I can't account for," the
professor owned. "I had given a per
formance for the Prince Asmon — etc. —
and he asked me afterward if I should
like to see some native magic, promis
ing me I should if I would not be
afraid. Of course I said 1 wasn't afraid
and placed myself in the hands of the
magician. Well, he took me one mile,
two miles, three, four, perhaps five
miles, into the jungle. There we went
into a tiny grass hut that had a rock
covered with a skin as a seat at one
side. He made me a motion to sit
down. I sat down. Then he asked me to
close my eyes — he seemed to go into a
sort of trance. Of course I thj/ught of
hypnotism, and kept saying: 'Am I
all right? I am all right! I am all
right:* There .was utter silence, only
for a little rustle of dry leaves, then
the fakir told me to open my eyes and
not speak. Well" — the professor looked
at me doubtfully, and with an evident,
elaborate honesty in his gray eyes — "I
shouldn't like to exaggerate, but I
should say there were 300, perhaps 500,
snakes in that hut, squirming all over
that man and lifting their nasty, fiat
heads all 'round my feet, but never at
tempting to strike me! I will admit a
peculiar sensation. The fellow didn't
n^ed to tell me not to speak. I couldn't.
Tnen he told me to shut my eye3
again. I got them shut somehow. It
looked like a long while until he told
me to open them. As before, there
wasn't the slightest noise, and not a
'dura 1 — pardon me— snake when I
opened them."
"Best snake story I ever heard, pro
fessor," I testified heartily.
"A fact, though," he smiled. "Of
course you can't believe it. I don't.
But I saw them! You can say I'm still
guessing," as he saw me make a note
And now won't you do something
for me?" I asked, "no snakes, though!"
"Certainly," Mr. Zancig said, and
went ovrr to a table whereon lay a
couple of common black wooden slates.
"Now, if you will write something on
here," and he handed me one of the
slates, "Madame Zancig will write it oq
her slate in the other room."
The little lady took her slate into an
inner room, and then as I wrote:
"Java, Carrots, N^ishapur, 'The Call
of the Wild,' Mayor Schmitz," etc., etc.,
on my -slate, she scribbled them down
on hers, ten feet aWay from me. with
her back to mo, without any possibility
on earth that she could have seen what
I wrote, and ali with the cool air of
one making out a laundry list.
Rut the professor. There is where
the effort comes. He sat by me, a long,
nervous finger pressed against his
temple, the pupils of his keen gray
eyes darkening and dilating, his whole
body tense, charged, with concentrative
will. Then, at his command, she "saw"
pictures that we looked at, added up
enormous sums on the slates before
us— much more quickly than I could
and occasionally more rapidly than
the professor— read the morning paper
that I held in my hands, "saw" the rose
I wore, informed me there were .twelve
stoner in a pin I had on— a fact before
unnoted. In fact Madame Zancig
"saw" all that the professor saw— and
some things that he had not willed her
to see. For instance fn "seeing" a scar
on the brow she "saw" the hair above
it. In reading a headline in the paper
she "saw" the picture below it.
And there is no question of collusion.
A code of signals that would include
the variety of phenomena in the ex
hibition would be infinitely more won
derful than the employment of tele
pathy. Quite frequently not a word
passes between the two. The professor
taps the figure or word with his chalk,
one tap. Madame answers to it as
readily as to the "now" that he usually
employs. Nor can the law of coinci
dence explain the case. Personally, for
I "had before seen genuine examples of
thought transference, the chief
wonders of the Zancig performance are
its speed and certainty. The whole
fourteen volumes of the Psychical Re
search Society's reports (lovely stuff
to read o' dark nights when the wind
howls high) contain no such case.
"How did you happen to come to do
this?" I asked them then.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JULY 2< 1901.
Derenda and Green and two baby
leopards are starred at th* CautM thim
wtik.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE MUSIC FOLKOn Monday a . pleasant reception at
the Presidio was . given by Captain
Schoefel of the Tenth Infantry and his
There have been many delightful re
unions between Mr. Burke and hia
kinswomen since his visit here, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin entertaining much in
his honor and in honor, of his daughter.
Miss Alice, the little Irish beauty.
The Burkes will return in September.
On Monday Richard Burke, who left
for the East on Wednesday, was" host
at a dinner at the Occidental. His
guests were Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Miss
Janette von Schroeder, the Baron and
Baroness von Schroeder, Miss Alice
Burke, Mrs. Ynez Shorb White and
William Burke. -- ; , />:
brides, but for such womanly girls as
Mrs. Rawlings the quiet life with her
loved one will no doubt prove ideal. It
is of such loves that the noblest chil
dren spring and it is such loves that
make of marriage a holy thing.
On Wednesday Miss Eleanor Warner
became Mrs. Stuart Rawlings.* The
young engineer had come from Du
rango, Mexico, early j in : the month to
claim his bride and in a month or six
weeks will bear her away with him to
the charming ¦ little home he has pre
pared for her at the San \Luls mine.
Mines . hidden away ': in the Mexican
mountains are not fit ' setting for ellly
As to weddings, the week furnished
quite a few, the first being that of Misa
Edith Shorb, who on Tuesday wedded
James King Steele of Sacramento. The
wedding- was a charmingly appointed
home affair to which forty .old family
friends were ' bidden. The young peo
ple will abide ; in' the Capital City on
their return from their nuptial trip.
• *"¦--„*
On this ground many '-women slip off
for a short -visit to "mommer," or to a
college friend, or even to the country
hotel. And she who does is wise in her
tim« and generation. -. .
tin's proficiency, I had the distin
guished honor of sitting next the dain
ty damsel in one of our ,retail stores
while she was purchasing a lace hat
for a copy. And mighty stunning she
looked, too, in that copy hat. But not
many days elapsed^before there was
•mother lace creation, fashioned from
it by her own fingers to frame her
witching face. Then there are Mrs.
Truxtun Beale, Miss Florence Bailey,
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood. Miss Ethel
Cooper, the Sabln girls, the Tillmann
sisters and Miss Marie Wells, all of
whom are exceedingly clever at this
sort of thing. And closely allied to it is
the ability to create dainty lingerie, in
which Mrs. Stuart Rawlings, Mrs. Vir
ginia Nokes Murphy, Miss Blanding
and ever fia many maids of the smart
Eet have acquired a fine proficiency.
It is the art of their great-grand
mothers, a lost art; but rediscovered.
And thus does the world move in cy
cles. And, bachelors, have hope, for
the bandbox bills may no longer hold
SOCIETY'S LATEST FIANCEE AND THE WIFEOFTHE, BISHOP OF KIOTO.
The "Owl" of the Post-street ; club
rooms will migrate to the classic groves
of Bohemia in time to whoo-whoo a
welcome to the merry members— who
will foregather in the leafy shades to
proclaim to the world their Infinite joy
of living.
On August 9 the grove, whose every
The Sequoia Club is gaining strength
during its period of quiescence. Its
debonair president, Charles I. Altken,
is keenly interested in the welfare of
the club and his interest is of the ac
tive type — the type that counts. Surely
if New York can support such a club
as the Sequoia, why not San'; Fran
cisco? Our men are as social, as clev
er, as Interesting as the Gothamites
and -aren't our women as capable of
being entertaining as the women of
New York? I rather incline to a belief
that they can, having carefully weigh
ed both in the balance — of course, ad
mitting a slight prejudice in favor of
my towns women. ; ; .
• As to the membership of the club,
400 have already signed the rolls and
upward of 300 have performed, the in
itiatory function of "paying up."
The vital topic under discussion now
is where the club shall hang up its col
lective hat. There are those who favor
'the residence quarter for a clubhouse
of its own and there are others— a ma
jority, I fancy— who prefer a down
town meeting place, where the men
members may drop in. for a chat, a
smoke, or a quiet little game of bridge
with his wife— or his neighbor's wife,
if she's willing. . -, ¦--
• • •
A charming group they will be —
crusty old warriors* warnings notwith
standing.
Apropos to the epidemic of matri
mony in the Thirteenth, It is said that
the regimental surgeon is industriously
watching for new cases. That he is
preparing to fight the microbe of love
with an argumentative anti-toxin is
gallantly denied by him. But what
will the susceptible defenders of Uncle
Samuel do for best men, ushers, etc.,
if this matrimonial rush is maintained?
There's poor Captain Albert. Truby
forced to do the honors at two nuptials
in one week.
though reared in the traditions of the
navy,- has given her heart into the
keeping of the army. Her attendants
were Mrs. McElroy, wife of Lieutenant
Joseph A. McElroy, and Mrs. Taylor,
wife of Lieutenant James E. Taylor,
both of whom are bonny brides, and
brides of the Thirteenth— all of whom
will dwell with their respective loves
on Alcatraz.
The wedding of Miss Frances A.
Grow of Berkeley, and Lieutenant
Beverly C. Lily of the Thirteenth— the
lucky Thlrteenth-^-was an event of the
week. Mrs. Daly is a handsome young
woman with dark lustrous eyes, who.
Mrs. George C. Perkins Jr. enter
tained at luncheon on Wednesday at
Vallejo in honor of Miss Hanley, at
which Mrs. John F. Connors, Miss
Pansy Perkins, Miss Katherine Brown,
Miss Laura Sanborn, Miss Anita
Thomson and Mrs. Alexander Neely
Mitchell were guests. . v
After luncheon Mrs. Perkins' guests
visited , the Independence, to which her
new brother-in-law. Lieutenant 'Alex
ander Neely, Mitchell, is attached.
Lieutenant Mitchell won much popu
larity while on duty aboard the Alba
tross, possessing an attractive person
ality, which during his Annapolis days
won him the friendship of his .fellows.
But most of them will return— all but
the Twenty-eighth. Now the maids of
San Francisco distinctly have a griev
ance, if maidens ever did. Here is a
regiment of charming men, many of
whom are bachelors, and handsome
bachelors, too. Now, along comes an
order that whisks them away to j the
wilds of the 'Dakotas— Just as things
are getting interesting.
It is said that before the parting
some pretty pledges will be made that
the winter will see redeemed. Now,
really, it wouldn't be nice to say "who"
just now. The tale will be out ere long.
Wednesday night the officers' club
at the post was redolent of smoke and
good stories — and. no doubt a little of
"good cheer." ' Very soon the gallant
officers will go forth to participate in
maneuvers, which the cruel orders of
the War Department m,ake necessary
at this time — thus rudely breaking up
a very delightful coterie of congenial
"warriors. : 'P*; .'¦-.
On Tuesday Colonel and Mrs.
Torney entertained at their quarters
at .the Presidio, in honor of their son—
a handsome young chap — who is spend
ing his vacation at home. The young
man is in his last year at West Point,
where he has achieved success
academically and also in the field
being the fullback In- the academy foot
ball team.
• • •
winsome wife, in honor of the sixth an
niversary of their marriage. A cozy
home have the Schoefels, in which sixty
guests were gathered to make merry
.over the recurrence of the happy nup
tial day.
Mrs. A. E. Kent of Kentfleld has
completed her summer home at Lake
Tahoe and will probably leave soon to
spend part of the summer there. In the
meantime beautiful "Tamalpais," Mrs.
Kent's home at Kentfleld, is brightened
by the presence of "Will Kent and his
family. Will Kent is Mrs. Kent's clever
son from Chicago. More than clever he
Is, for he devotes much time and
thought to the difficult problem of the
uplifting and purifying of Chicago poli
tics. Mr. Kent is one of the few men
¦who have gone into civic affairs not
. • •
Mrs. Truxtun Beale and her mother,
Mrs. R. S. Oge, expect to spend some
weeks at the Beale ranch this summer.
Later Mrs. Beale will leave for Wash
ington, where she will spend the win
ter.
The W. B.iRadfords of San Rafael
are at Belvedere.
On the 20th the jinks — high and low
—will take place, Dr. Jack Shiels the
sire of the first and Ernest S. Simp
son of the second.
What royal good fun it is to be men
— sometimes. Now, in our most char
itable moments, can we women con
ceive of our "fair sex" (such a stupid
characterization, when so many of us
are neither physically nor mentally
"fair") going into camp — a few hun
dred of us — and making a monument of
joy to every moment of the camp life?
The lesser things of life — the social po
sition, the gowning, even the "fixing"
of her neighbor's hair, would fill the
thoughts of enough women to wet
down the spirit of the whole thing. Ah,
well! Men have tnelr troubles, it is
true, but what a compensation they
have in their goodfellowships! But,
sisters, let us not lament! We're im
proving. We are growing to know a
joke when \ we see it— and even ven
turing to create a few.
What rare good funmakers in a
camp would Ethel Hager and Pearl
Landers make, likewise Mrs. Mark
Gerstle, Helen de Young. Mrs. Jack Wil
son, Marie Voorhies and her brilliant
sisters. Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry and Mrs.
Thomas Bishop. Of course, looking
about one can pick out a few women
who would probably not get stupid and
logy during a high-pressure jinks
lasting for several days, but, alas and
alack! they are terribly few. As yet
the ability to submerge extraneous
things in the Interests of the thing at
hand— even in funmaking— is a purely
masculine quality. In speaking of the
festivities in the grove it is but fair to
B t a te for the benefit of him who
thinks "that he who laughs Is lost"—
that on the Sunday following the jinks
a sacred concert , will be held • beneath
the redwoods, Joseph Redding tojead.
And as the "groves were God's* first
temples," the Bohemians will worship
on that Sabbath morn In the beautiful
fashion of our fathers — those of them
that will happen to be up.
moss-hung branch suspends a tale, or
a clever anecdote, will open its gates
to the raconteurs and the rotund red
room fun-lovers.
On August 9 the sport will be on.
And woe betide poor wrinkled Care,
should he unwittingly wander into the
Groves of Bacchante.
• • *
Joseph Rosborough and Stanley Crel
lin are still enjoying life at tho Brock
way Hotel on Lake Taho*
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Younc and the
Misses Helen and Constance de Younjr
have returned to America after several
months abroad and are at present in
New York, but expect to come west im
mediately.
Misa Mae Perkins, who came In on
the Mongolia last week, looking stun
ning and Mebonnair, is said to have
come back not quite heart-whole. There
are those who say that the pretty maid
left her heart in the keeping of a cus
tom-house official of very excellent
family. \
Mr. and Mrs. tTharles L. Rhodes of
Honolulu, who have been the cuest3
of Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Backus of 2865
Broderick street for the last three
weeks, have gone to Del Monte for a
short stay. From there they will eo
to Paso Robles.
Now that the Yosemite is proving
such a lodestar" for tourists, most of
whom go in by team, concerted action
is about to be taken to prohibit auto
mobiles from entering the valley. It is
asserted, and with a good show of
truth, that the sudden appearance of a
machine on a narrow mountain road —
hundreds of feet above the valleys be
low — is not conducive to the safety of
the fellows behind the horses. There
fore the following resolution, .which
may seem rather unjust to the motor
enthusiasts — whose necks, by the way,
are not endangered by scared horse
flesh: "To the Honorable Quardlan of
the Yosemite Valley: By presentation
to the honorable Board of Commission
ers of Yosemite Valley, we, the under
signed, beg to call your attention to
the danger arising from the driving: of
automobiles on the narrow roads of the
valley, where horses are driven along
side of dangerous precipices, and the
alarm at the sight of automobiles con
stitutes a peril to life. We earnestly
ask you to use your influence to forbid
the driving of automobiles in and
around the Yosemite Valley as long as
they constitute a menace to life and
safety."
Should any action restricting the red
de\ils from penetrating into the valley
be taken many who now fear the stag
ing on account of the autos would
go in.
Miss Lotta Musto, the youngest
daughter of Mrs. A. Musto and sister
of Mme. Emilie Tojetti. the prominent
leader of the music section of the Cal
ifornia Club, will be wedded to Joseph
R. Keenan during the first part of
September.
Miss Musto comes of a prominent
Italian family of much culture and
wealth, and is the possessor of a
charming voice.
In a quiet way Mrs. Partridge has
been much entertained during her visit.
Mrs. Sidney Partridge, the winsome
wife of Bishop Partridge of Kioto,
Japan, has been visiting her parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, at their Val
lejo-street home.
Since the departure of the youns
daughter of the Simpson household tor
the land of the rising sun she has
crossed the ocean three times.
The Jack Wilsons are havtntT the
time of their lives. Mounted on sure
footed steeds, they have traversed th»
highway into the Yoscmlte. attended
only by a man servant, who follows in'
their wake with supplies for making
camp. All their trappings are gath
ered in a very light wagon, as they in
tend to push on over the new road into
Tahoe. Now isn't that the sort of va
cation to take, •where mind and body—
and the soul, if it be a separate entity
— take on a new vigor, in close touch
with nature during the daylight hours,
and sleeping under the stars by night?
Mrs. Martin will soon be visited by
her son Walter and his wife of Bur
lingame, for whom the genial hostess
will entertain in her usual charming
fashion.
There has been much discussion as to
which of her daughters-in-law Mrs.
Martin loves the more. Now, having
received Mrs. Peter so cordially, she is
going to do likewise for Mrs. Walter—
of whom every one knows she is ex
ceedingly fond — and as for the baby,
she adores him.
• • •
Mrs. Eleanor Martin is entertaining:
Mrs. John Reed, daughter of General
Young. Mrs. Peed is one of the charm
ing hostesses of Ord Barracks, where
her husband Is stationed.
"for "what they can get out of them,'
but for what they can put into them.
The hat. the hat feminine, has often
been formally charged with being a
rrimal cause for much male celibacy.
Financial reasons, of course! Now,
let joy reign o'er the land, for women,
those of them who are worth the win
ning, are learning to make their own
hats. And not only are those whose
income is limited building their own
headgear, but women of fortune and
extremists in fashion. That's one rea
son why they prefer to make their
own hats; their personality is infused
into the bit of lace and flower and the
harmony that exists between the hat
and the wearer is as pleasing to the
eye as is harmony in music or in the
tones of a picture.
Now, all women are not born with
an innate knowledge of millinery.
Some women, and many who are
adepts at gown making, are woeful
milliners. Their hats look as though
they'd been hammered together, and
even the bows they make bear the
grace of distress signals. But even for
these Is there hope, for in New Tork.
in Chicago and in our own city are
good milliners teaching the Parisian
trick to maids of the smart seu
Now let it not be understood that
these ambitious maidens are building
al! their hats; far be it from them to
destroy the livelihood of many hun
dred working women for whom hat
building makes their bread. But the
lace hats, the lingerie hats, one of
which should go with each summer
frock, should be of the maid's own
creating, if the wearer would be
"smart."
In New Tork Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt
Sr M the Mills twins, Beatrice and
Gladys; Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney,
Miss Hay. Miss Gladys Vanderbilt,
Mrs. Elsie Whelan Goelet and our late
visitor, the dashing Mrs. Peter Mar
tin, have become adepts at evolving
dainty head gear. As to Mrs. Mar-
As to short separations electrifying
slow or torpid loves — even wedded loves
— 'tis Eaid to be the infallible remedy.
Then comes the engagement of dainty
Leta Gallatin— to Dr. Willis P. Harvey,
of course. But why the wily little
maiden slipped off to Paris with her
parents and then made known her love
affair is a mystery, unless her absence
from the handsome physician brought
her to a sudden and swift realization.
Often a temporary separation thrusts
into throbbing life a lingering love.
Perhaps 'twas thus with pretty . Miss
Gallatin.
thee in terror. But as to the tailor
bills, alas! they are perennial and
everlasting and an awful menace to
However, menace or no menace,
plucky little Cupid goes on his merry
way, matching and mating men and
maids as though there were naught in
the world but love and joy and inter
minable bliss. And blessings on him!
If he didn't, what a stupid, stygian,
stagnant spot the world would be.
• • •
Following close upon the announce
ment of Miss Charlotte Ellinwood's en
gagement to Robert P. Greer, which
furnished an immense amount of de
lightful chatter over the teacups,
comes that of Miss Katherine Dillon
and the gallant young naval officer,
Lieutenant Emory Winship. Now that
was a piece of news, because Miss Dil
lon, like many other very wealthy
maids, feared the suing of her hand
for the purse it held, rather than the
heart it would give. But the chap has
been found who must have convinced
her of his deep sincerity. And small
wonder, for Lieutenant Winship has
proved by his naval record the manly
heart that beats within him, and that
Mies Dillon has chosen wisely and well
is the unanimous verdict of all her
friends. »\. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
THE SMART SET MAIDEN A MERRY MILLVER
20AMERICAN SECRETARY OF STATE WHO WILL, ISSUE A STATEMENT OF.
NATION'S ATTITUDE TOWARD .RIGHT OF SEARCH. AND SULTAN'S FOR
EIGN MINISTER. WHO SAYS TURKEY WILL NOT BAR DARDANELLES.
Continued on Page 24, Column 1.
SALINAS, July 23.— Louis Gibbons, a
bridge .carpenter in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company, was struck
on *the : head and killed ,thls afternoon
by .a* falling timber. He was a native
of Ohio, 45 years of age.
Carpenter Is Accidentally Killed.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., July 23.—
Having displayed contempt for prison
rules ever since his arrival at the State
prison. ex-Delegate Edmund Bersch
of St. Louis, who is serving a two
years' • sentence for "boodling," was
last Wednesday, it is said, given forty
lashes and a term in the dungeon for
insubordination. Bersch defied a
guard who reprimanded him.
MISSOURI BOODLER GIVEN
FORTY LASHES IN PRISON
BELVIDERE, 111., July 23. — A big
turkey gobbler . owned by George
Saams of Fairfield held its own in a
fight with an eagle to-day. The eagle
swooped down uppn Saams' farm
yard and got hold of the gobbler with
out delay. It started to lift the tur
key and carry it off, but the gobbler
balked. The great American bird was
surprised to have 'a farmyard strutter
attack it and was so taken up with- the
flght that it did not see Saams ap
proach with rifle in hand. When the
farmer saw that his fowl would get
the worst of "it in the end he laid the
eagle out. . From tip to tip it meas
ured eight feet.
EAGLE MEETS WORTHY
FOE IJ!\ BIG GOBBLER
SERGEANT, Ky., July 23. — One of
the largest caves ever discovered In
Eastern Kentucky and one that, per
haps, will rival the great Mammoth
Cave in Edmonson County, has been
discovered on Line Fork Creek, in
Southern Letcher County.
Jk. party of sightseers explored its
mysterious confines to a distance of
more than seven miles. They were
unable to find any end to the natural
wonder. A large, swift-flowing stream
of water was found, rushing into un
discovered regions. Fearing to go
farther, the party returned. "*¥•?'¦'
Another party will be organized to
explore the cave to Its extremity. Sev
eral other caverns have been discov
ered In the Line Fork region, but this
is the most extensive yet found.
Discoverers Exploring another Cave
hi the Same State Fail to Find
Its Extremity.
KENTUCKY'S MAMMOTH
CAVERN HAS A RIVAL
Rear Admiral Sterling answered
promptly as follows: "Instructions re
ceived; will be carried out. Who is
Morton? STERLING."
WASHINGTON, July 23.— That sud
den Cabinet changes are apt to be con
fusing to officials of the United States
in other parts of the world is evident
from a message received at the Navy
Department frpm Rear Admiral Yates
Sterling, of the Asiatic squadron. Since
Paul Morton, the new Secretary of the
Navy, was sworn Into office some In
structions were sent to Rear Admiral
Sterling, and, with the usual brevity
of cable, they were simply signed
"Morton," the last name of the Secre
tary.
Order Sent by New Secretary of Xavy
Brings Inquiry From Squadron
Commander.
"WHO IS MORTON?" ASKS
REAR ADMIRAL STERLING
ROUEN, France, July 23.—Notwith
standing the ¦ reports that Mrs. May
brick had "gone to Paris prior to sailing
for America, there is every indication
that she is still here with her mother,
Baroness de Roques, at the quiet little
cottage at 1 Rue Tannery. The place
has taken ' on an aspect of 'seclusion
since Mrs. Maybrick's arrival. The
Venetian blinds are drawn and the gate
to the vine-covered, [ high stone wall
surrounding the house is rigorously
guarded against visitors by a venerable
servant. But those having relations
with the household say that neither the
mother nor the daughter has left the
house since they arrived on Thursday
morning.
When Mrs.. Maybrick. arrived she
brought two large valises and a well
filled wicker hamper. A neighbor who
saw her arrive says she was looking
fairly well) with her hair turning gray.
The family has few friends. in Rouen,
as the Baroness has maintained ; strict
privacy, being generally known as
Madame de Moremont for the purpose
of avoiding attention. Almost her only
Intimate acquaintance Is her financial
adviser, who occupies an. official? posi
tion, 5 but he Is unacquainted with the
recent movements at the family cot
tage.
House of Her Mother Is Guarded and
Little Is Known of Inmates'
Movements.
MRS. MAYBRICK REMAINS , .
IN STRICT SECLUSION
War News Continued on Page 22.
The guests were principally confined
to relatives and intimate friends, who
afterward went to the reception at
48 Grosvenor street, given by Mrs.
Wood of Hengrave, the bridegroom's
sister.
Charles Hanbury acted as best man
to his brother, owing to the illness of
his elder brother, who was, however,
able to be present. At the house masses
of beautiful pink and white flowers
were seen everywhere. The bride and
bridegroom left fairly early in the aft
ernoon.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, July 23.— The wedding of
Mrs. Henry C. Knapp of California and
Lord Bateman, which took'^place in St.
George's, Hanover Square, this after
noon, was a charming one, although
rather quiet. I have seldom seen so
many flowers in this favorite church.
In the chancel and on the altar were
masses of marguerites, lilies of all
kinds and other white flowers. Favors
of lilies of the valley were distributed
to the guests.
The bride, who looked rather nervous
but very charming, wore a dress of a
delicate shade of silver gray moire,
with. fine lace collar and yoke, around
her neck being a broad band of black
velvet and a string of fine pearls. A
gray hat, trimmed with long gray
ostrich feathers, was worn with this,
and she carried a shower bouquet of
orchids.
, Mr. Ridley Carter escorted Mrs.
Knapp up the aisle, but she was given
away by Lady Alice Leslie. Two lit
tle boys, nephews of the bridegroom,
dressed in blue satin court costumes,
wi(n silver braid and lace jabots, fol
lowed the bride up the aisle, one of
them holding her bouquet during, the
service.
The ceremony was performed by the
rector of Hobden, Rev. Arthur Han
bury; the Rev. Archibald Parker and
the Rev. David Anderson, the first two
being the uncle and brother-in-law of
the bridegroom.
Wedding of Titled Briton to
Mrs. Knapp of California
Is a Most Charming Affair
LORD BATEMAN
TAKES A BRIDE
ST. PETERSBURG. July 23.— A tele
gram from LJaoyang to the Bureau
Gazette says the work' of repairing the
railway has been completed and that
*n order has been issued declaring that
all persons of whatever rank or na
tionality, found crossing the line will be
shot on the spot. ,
Russians \VilI Shoot Any Person Who
Attempts to Cross.
RAILROAD IS DEATH LIXE.
and a large quantity of cotton. The
greater part of its cargo was consigned
to firms in Kobe, but it was felt quite
likely that it would ultimately reach
the Japanese fighting forces. It is
feared the Russians might think them
selves justified in seizing the ship un
der the circumstances.-
.The statement i it is explained, is
practically demanded by the inquiries
which have been ; coming to the \ de
partment from Pacific Coast steamship
lines which are fearful that some of
their vessels laden with provisions,
grain, horses, mules, etc., and bound
for Japanese ports will be stopped and
seized by the warships of the Russian
Vladivostok squadron, which is now
in the Pacific.
There were no more inquiries at the.
department to-day, but there is still
considerable interest manifested in the
probable fate of" the Shawmut, of the
Boston Steamship Company's line,
which sailed -fronv Seattle on July 16,
carrying 60,000 ¦ sacks of flour w nearly
a million pounds of canned roast beef
It is explained at the State Depart
ment by officials who favor the issu
ance of some official announcement by
this Government that such ' statement
is demanded at this time forNthe infor
mation and guidance of owners of
American ships. The inference is that
in issuing the statement this Govern
ment has no idea of giving warning
to one nation or of upholding the ac
tion of another.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON. |
WASHINGTON, July 23.— It is believed
here to-night that the United States
Government will declare its position on
the right of search of vessels on the
high seas in time of war and its defini
tion of contraband of war in an official
statement to be Issued on Monday. The
Department of State has this plan'un
der consideration, and it is regarded
favorably by most of th£ prominent
officials of that department. This state
ment, it is said, will follow practically
the. same lines as' that Issued by Pres
ident McKInley in 1898, during the war
with Spain. +
The McKinley proclamation stated
primarily that the United States Recog
nized the proposition that a neutral
flag is supposed to cover neutral car
goes, and yet admitted the right of
search of ships going, to an enemy's
port. If it be not discovered by an ex
amination of the ship's papers that it
is carrying contraband of war, the
search shall go no further, unless there
are .well-grounded suspicions that the
papers are not correct. If contraband
of war be found the vessel may be
seized and her disposition left to a prize
court.
If the statement be issued by this
Government, there will possibly be In
corporated with it the proclamation
issued by Russia when the war with
Japan began, regarding contraband of
war. This proclamation was sent In its
entirety to the State Department by
Embassador McCormlck at the time it
was issued.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
SHANGHAI, July 24. — A late re
port from Sichuan, near Slnganfu.
suites that the Bishop and priest mur
dered there were Belgians, instead of
French, as was first reported. The
murdered churchmen were Bishop
Verhapen and Priest Ilecht Frederic
Verhapen. ' Priest Robberecht .was
taken prisoner. The first report stat
ed that the French Bishop, a priest
and two converts had been killed, an
other priest taken prisoner and tliree
chapels .burned by Boxers. Two hun
dred soldiers have been dispatched
from Ichang for the scene of the out
rage.
HAMBURG, July 23.— The North
German Lloyd steamship Kaiserin
Theresa and four Hamburg-American
liners, recently purchased by Russia,
have left Libau, on the Baltic, under
sealed orders, fully armed and
equipped as criusers.
TOKIO, July 24, 10 a. m. — The
Vladivostok squadron ' was sighted at
8 o'clock this morning: (Sunday) thir
ty miles off the southern coast of the
province of Izu. "It was veering to the
cast.
XEWCHWANG, July 24.— -A battle
was fought yesterday (Saturday) near
Tatchekiao, attended, it , is believed,
by heavy losses. • The progress of 'the
battle was watched by many persons
in Xewchwang from the roofs of
houses. The day was clear and the
smoke of the guns could be plainly
seen.
WAR BULLETINS
The outlook for the Democrats in the
Senate of the Sixtieth Congress, which
will come in on March 4, 1907, is not
much more encouraging. Of the Sen
ators whose terms will expire then six
teen are Republicans and fourteen are
Democrats. Thus, if the Democrats
should make the maximum gains pos
sible in the next Senate, they could
not control that body and could not
hope to gain enough two years hence
to control the Senate In the Sixtietn
Congress, and it can safely be predict
ed that unless there is an unprecedent
ed Democratic landslide this year, the
effects of which will continue over for
two years, the Senate will be safely
Republican for the entire four years
of the next Presidential administra
tion, whether that be Republican or
Democratic
SIMILAR OUTLOOK FOR 1907.
The Fifty-ninth Congress will con
vene on March 4 next. At the present
time there are ninety members of the
Senate. Of these fifty-seven are Repub
licans and thirty-nine- are Democrats,
thus giving the Republicans a majority
of twenty-four.
The terms of thirty United States
Senators will expire on March * 3 next
Of these twenty- three are Republicans
and seven . Democrats^ Should the
Democrats still' hold the seven seats/ it
would be necessary for them to gain
twelve to make the Senate a tie. Eacfi
side would then have forty-five .seats.
Should Democratic successors be
chosen in thirteen of the States where
the terms .of Republicans will expire
next March they ;*ill then have a ma
jority of one.
DEMOCRACY'S CASE JIOPELESS.
But an analysis of the situation
shows that there are not a sufficient
number of close States to warrant the
hope that the Democrats can even
make a tie.
In Ohio Senator Dick was elected "by
the Leg:s a:uie last winter and in Ma y-
Iand Raynor, a Democrat, has been
elected to succeed Senator McComas.
Thus the Democrats have already
gained one seat, but it is difficult to
figure out where they could gain any
more. In many of the States that the
Democrats are hoping to win from the
Republicans there are holdover mem
bers of the State Legislatures with such
Republican majorities as to make it
doubtful if the Democrats could elect
Senators even if they carried the
electorate ticket.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Should the
Democrats win the Presidential race
in the coming national election (a vio
lent assumption), and should they elect
a substantial majority of the House of
Representatives, there Is little or no
probability that they would control the
Senate. The upper branch of Congress
is certain to be Republican for the next
four years, and it will take a political
upheaval such as is not now expected
for. the Democrats to win It within six
or eight years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call. «
NEWPORT, R. I., July 23.— Friends
of Mrs. George Crocker, who returned
from abroad very ill on Monday and
who was brought' here Tuesday morn
ing, were much cast down to-day to
learn that her condition is very critical.
She has not improved since her arrival
here, as was hoped, but, on the other
hand, she has grown worse, and it is
feared that she cannot recover.
With Mrs. Crocker are her husband,
her son, Alexander H. Rutherford, and
her daughters, Mrs. Philip Kearney and
Miss Alice Rutherford, whose marriage
to J. Langdon Irving was expected to
be one of the most interesting society
events of the season.
Dr. William T. Bull is in charge of
the case, and Dr. Walker, Dr. Bull's
assistant, is in constant attendance.
Mrs. Crocker was 111 in. February
when she sailed for Europe and, going
to Cannes; she submitted to an opera
tion at which two eminent surgeons of
London and Paris were present. From
Cannes she was taken to Paris, where
her condition was so serious that it was
not thought she would be able to return
to thi3 country. She- grew stronger,
however, and the trip. was made with
a view to coming as soon as possible to
Newport, where Mrs. Crocker had
leased a villa of Professor Charles W.
Shields, at Ochre Point.
"The callers and 'messengers carrying
flowers for the patient are so numer
ous as to make an almost continuous
procession.
Mrs. Crocker, who was Mrs. Emma
Rutherford of San Francisco, was
married to George Crocker, son of the
late Charles Crocker of San Francis
co, in New York twelve years ago. The
residence at No. 1 East Sixty-fourth
street is one of the most attractive in
New York. ,
Orders Are Given to Superintendents
to Employ Every Person Who^
Applies for Work.
Another squad of police was sworn in
to-night and the local authorities be
lieve they will now be able to control
the rough*
leg, accidentally.
Two thugs, names . not learned,
neither seriously wounded.
The two officers and the unnamed
men were shot in a fight which the
police made in an attempt to clear the j
town of lawless characters. It occurred j
early to-day. The citizens and police
had formed a vigilance committee,
rounded up about thirty members of
the undesirable element and run them,
out of town, some of them returning in l
the night. While Officers Harrison and
Stanbrough were making the rounds of
the town they were attacked and shot
by a gang of roughts. The officers |
drew their revolvers and wounded two
of the attacking party, whom they ar
rested. The others escaped.
- To-night a policeman attempted to
make an arrest and the man refused to
stop when commanded by the officer to
do so. The officer fired a shot, which
went wide of its mark and struck E. E.
Moore in the leg.
TROOPS WILL BE SENT.
During the round-up of grafters, law
less characters and other undesirable
persons the police captured a wagon
containing a large quantity of dyna
mite and a complete kit of burglars'
tools. These were confiscated and three,
men were placed under arrest. They,
refused to give their names and are in
jail awaiting a hearing.
About forty of those gathered in dur
ing the night were deported to-day.
John McPhaul, Government agent in
charge of the registration office, re
ceived a request from the Governor's
| office as to whether McPhaul believed
It advisable to send troops to Bonesteel.
McPhaul replied that it was his opin-:
Ion that troops should be held in readi
ness for an emergency, and he was
later advised that the Governor had
decided to act accordingly. Three com
panics will be ordered to hold them- '
selves in readiness to be present when •
the reservation is opened.
BONESTEEL, S. D., July 23. — Five
persons were shot at this place during
the last dav of registration for Rosa
bud homesteads, one of whom is dan
gerously wounded. The casualties:
Stanley F. Harrison, special polic»
man, Wichita, Kan., shot in the fore
head, dangerously.
Ell Stanbrough, Oklahoma, special
policeman, shot in the leg, not serious.
E. E. Moore, Columbus, Mo., shot In
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, July 2C.—Ths
greatest land lottery ever conducted
on the face of the earth closed to-day,
and in round numbers 110,000 men and
women took, chances on drawing the
2412 quarter sections on the Rosebud
Indian reservation in Southern South
Dakota.
Uncle Sam, who frowns upon lotte
ries conducted by anybody else, has
stirred the whole country by this last
chance game of his. The Cherokee
strip which went to the lucky few was
competed for by only 102,000 persons.
At Yankton, Bonesteel. Chamberlain
and Fairfax throngs oi landseekera
stood In line many hours in rain and
sun to enroll their names, that they
might get two and one-half chances in
100 to draw any sort of a farm; one
chance in 1000 to get a farm worth $2j
an acre and one chance in 100 to get a
farm worth paying the required $4 per
acre to the Government and the In
dians.
The beneficiaries of this unprece
dented rush for land, this outburst of
the national spirit to get something for
nothing, are the railroad companies.
Their passengers have paid them on
an average $10 each, which makes their
gross receipts from this lottery $1,100,
000. The average person going to reg
ister has paid fully V> for lodging and
meals, or $550,000 for those items. The
total registration fees amount to $27,-
C00, or a total outlay for registering
alone of $1,677,500.
The 107,533 who will draw nothing
have therefore expended, besides their
time and effort, more than $1,640,000.
This is more than the entire reserva
tion of 386,000 acres will cost the sett
lers upon final proof.
The thousands who have made the
pilgrimage to register have come from,
as far east as New England and Balti
more, south from Louisiana. Texas,
Kansas and Missouri, west as far as
Arizona, Colorado and Idaho, and
north from nearly all the border States.
The drawing for farms will occur at
Chamberlain. S. D., on July 28.
FIVE MEN ARE SHOT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. July 23.— Attempts to set
tle the second strike of the packing I
trades failed to-day and to-night the
Butchers' Union and allied organiza
tions, after a long conference, sent an
ultimatum to the representatives of the
packers, demanding a settlement of the
strike before Monday morning, on pen
alty of a general walk-out of all union
employes at work in the stockyards at
7 o'clock on Monday morning.
The conference between the repre
sentatives of the allied trades and the
packers and the butchers, which ad
journed last night after failing to
reach an agreement, was resumed
early this morning. At noon the con
ferees gave up hope of reaching an
understanding and the deliberations
were brought to an abrupt ending,
after the packers had expressed a de- i
sin? to live up to the terms of the arbi- •
tration agreement m reached last j
Wednesday, right any wrongs that
might have been committed by their
foremen and superintendents and had
announced to the union men the name
of Samuel McLean of the National
Packing Company to represent them
on the arbitration board provided for
in the agreement which settled the :
original strike.
ULTIMATUM TO PACKERS.
The union men refused positively, to
consider that agreement valid, on the
ground that it had been broken by the
packers. They then retired to the of
fice of the Federation of Labor, where
an ultimatum to the packers was pre
pared under the direction of Michael J.
Donnelly, president of the Butchers'
Union: Thomas I. Kidd, of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, and repre
sentatives of trades that will be asked
to join in the general strike. The ulti
matum is as follows:
"Edward Morris and Associates — Aft
er careful consideration by the repre
sentatives of the teamsters and me
chanical trades we have come to the '
conclusion that the agreement which
was reached on Wednesday- has been
flagrantly violated by the packers to i
the extent of rendering it, in our opin
ion, null and void; hence we cannot \
consistently expect the butcher work
men to renew it in its present form be
cause of such violation.
"We desire to emphasize our belief
in the principles of conciliation and ar
bitration, but to provide against such
violations in the future we again offer
the following propositions as a solution
of the present difficulty:
"That all employes be hired back In
ten days. Any person not re-employed
at the end of that time, his or her case
will be submitted to arbitration.
"That all killing, cutting and casing
department men be reinstated in their
former positions within forty-eight
hours after resumption of work.
"We regret to eay that If the forego
ing propositions are not acceptable to
you the allied trades will cease work
on Monday morning.
"Trusting, however, that you will co
operate with us to bring about an ami
cable understanding and thus avert the
possibility of a widespread strike, we
are. respectfully yours,
"GEORGE F. GOLDEN. Chairman,
"JOSEPH W. MORTON. Secretary,
"Committee of Allied Trades."
STAXD FIRM.
The reply of the combined packers to
the ultimatum of the allied trades was
delivered to-night. The communication,
which Is addressed to Chairman Golden
and Secretary Morton, Is as follows:
"Gentlemen: Your communication of
this afternoon has been received and
carefully noted. We most emphatically
deny that there has been any violation
of the agreement on our part. _ur ex
planation, after investigating every
supposed case, should have satisfied
every one present at the last two < n
ferences that there were no deviations
but what might be expected in putting
to work such a large body of men at
one time, but which could have been
readily adjusted had the organization
desired to so do.
"We regard Mr. Donnelly's action as
entirely unjustified In calling the sec
ond strike on sensational and mislead
ing reports within an average of thirty
minutes from . the time the men were
ordered to work, and before it was pos
sible for any considerable number to be
placed, without making the slightest
effort to verify such reports or to rem
edy such violations, if they existed.
"We have a agreement with
our employes, the same having been
signed by their representatives and the
representatives of all the mechanical
Much Sympathy for Sufferer Is Ex
pressed, and Messengers Carrying
Flowers Form a Precession.
Even a Eourbon andslde Would
Not Lave the Effect of
Iransferring Control
Dako'a City.
Drawing for Rosebud Reseration
Claims WiU Occur in South
No Changes Are Lik.ly as
a Result of the Com
ing Election.
Allied Craft Submit Ulti
matum Which Packers
Reject
One Hundred and Ten Thou
sand Would-Be Settlers
Take a Chance.
Eminent Physicians Are
Keeping Clcse Watch
at Bedside.
Upper House to Be
Republican for
: Years. ¦
Mrs. Crocker Worse
Since Arrival at
Resort.
General Strike at
Stockyards in
CMcago.
Big Lottery Witt
Uncle Sam as
Sponsor.
DEMOCRATS
CANNOT WIN
THE SENATE
UNEASINESS
IN NEWPORT
HOUSEHOLD
GAMBLING
FOR HOMES
0N PRAIRIE
ALL UNION
MEN WILL
WALK OUT
STATE DEPARTMENT WILL DECLARE
THIS COUNTRY'S ATTITUDE TOWARD
RIGHT OF SEARCH ON HIGH SEAS
Statement Will Be
Issued at the Re
quest of Amer
ican Owners
of Ships.
The San Francisco Call
TEE WEATEEE.
Forecast mad* at Ban rran
cisco for thirty hoars enfilnr
ntidnlffnt, July 34 i
San Franci«co and vicinity—
Fair Sunday; llarht «outherly
winds, changing to brisk wetV
erly. A. O. UcASXE,
:;/*/ v District roreoaster.
Alcuar — "Tho Prisoner of
Send*."
Calif orala — "Jnart Strnck Town. 1 *
Mattaae To-Day.
Central — "Kobert Emsut." adUti
nee To-Day.
Columbia — "Cou«in Xate" and
"Carxota. 1 *
Cnntea — Vaudeville. J
Plicher't— "A Lucky Stone."
Matinee To-Day.
Grand — "A Gentleman of
Txvnce." Matinee To-Day.
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee.
Tivoli — "Bobin Hood."
XSB TXXAT2TS3.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 54., ON BOARD THE MIKASA, AD
MIRAL TOGO'S FLAGSHIP, OFF
PORT ARTHUR, July 17, via Fusan,
Korea, July 23.— In reply to addresses
made to him by newspaper correspond
ents who are on board the steamship
Manchuria, Admiral Togo said modest
ly that- he felt complimented to learn
that the world was interested In his
victories "and that it was his desire,
through the press, to send his thanks
to those persons ;Who admired him.
The Japanese naval policy is to hold
the larger warships in reserve until the
time comes to deliver a crushing blow
at Port Arthur. In the meantime tor
pedo-boats - are ¦ to make constant and
Holding the Larger Ships in Reserve
to Deal a Crushing Blow.
JAPAN'S NAVAL PROGRAMME.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 23. — If
Great Britain undertakes to prevent
the passage of the Dardanelles by ves
sels of the Russian volunteer fleet she
will have to do so without the assist
ance or the moral support of Turkey.
The Sultan's attitude was stated fully
yesterday ' by Tewflk Pasha, the For
eign Minister, when he \isited the
British Embassador, Sir Nicholas
O'Connor. Tewflk Pasha declared that
the Porte could not refuse to allow
Russian volunteer fleet steamships to
pass through the_ Dardanelles when
unarmed and flying the commercial
flag. With the action of the steam
ships, once they had passed the Dar
danelles, the Minister, said, the Porte
was not concerned, p'.' >
Bosphoros Is Open to the Passage of
Russian Vessels,
TURKEY WILL NOT INTERFERE.
Murder Suspect Is Captured.
BAKERSFIELD, July 23.— Sheriff
Kelly was to-day notified of the cap
ture of Alexander Pontan, the sus
pected murderer of J. J. Valentine,, at
Tonopah, Nev.
All great reforms start where charity
begins.
LONDON, July 23.— Count Bencken
dorff. the Russian Embassador, has
received official notification from St.
Petersburg reporting the capture of
two more British ships in the Red Sea,
and instructions from his Government
to notify Great Britain that the same
procedure will be followed as In the
case of the Malacca— namely, that the
Intends to Settle the Status of the
Volunteer Fleet A T essels.
BRITAIN NOT APPEASED.
PARIS, July 23. — Official advices in
dicate that the Anglo-Russian incident
is proceeding toward an adjustment.
Foreign Minister Delcasse's efforts
have been to keep the affair within
diplomatic lines and so prevent some
overt act of British reprisals, which
might precipitate serious international
complications. These efforts are now
considered as having accomplished
their object. Delays in the future will
be those naturally incident to a dip
lomatic settlement of the controversy.
In connection with the anxiety in
the United States over a possible seiz
ure of American merchantmen carry
ing supplies to Yokohama, the French
newspapers recall the American seiz
ures of the French merchantmen
Lafayette and Olinde Rodriguez during
the Spanish war. It is asserted that
negotiations over these cases brought
the United States and France to ac
cord a general recognition of the right
of seizure. It is also pointed out that
the seizure of French ships did not
arouse such excitement in j France as
that recently shown in England. i
French Press Refers to Incidents of
Late War "With Spain.
RECALLS AMERICAN SEIZURES.
Kern Democrats Make Nominations.
BAKERSFIELD, July 23.— The Dem
ocrats of Kern County held their con
vention to-day and nominated A. B.
Bigler for Superior Judge, Ben L.
Brundag:e for the Assembly and
Thomas McCarthy, H. A. Jastro and
Michael Ashe for Supervisors. This
evening an open-air meeting was ad
dressed by Franklin K. Lane on the
corner *ot Nineteenth street and Ches
ter avenue, when the campaign was
formally opened.
KOREAN UNREST INCREASES.
Japan Forced to Adopt Stern Meas
ures Against the Populace.
SEOUL, Korea, Friday, July 22.— The
Korean agitation against the granting
to the Japanese of the latter's demands
for waste lands is becoming serious,
and daily -meetings, attended by thou
sands of persons, are being held, at
which the speakers urge moral resist
ance. Three such meetings were this
week stopped by the presence of Jap
anse gendarmes. At a meting held to
day a squad of soldiers marched
through the crowd, and, although no
violence was offered, the Koreans fled
in disorder, several sustaining slight
Injuries In their wild efforts to clamber
over walls in their flight Farmers are
coming in from the country to join In
the protests. . '
It ls reported that the French min
ister here will protest to the Emperor
against the Japanese demands. The
leaders of the anti-Japanese propo
ganda are arrested frequently and held
at the Japanese Consulate. The Jap
anese authorities say there is no fear
of rioting, but some of the foreigners
here do not accept this view.
SUEZ, July 23.— The steamship Scan
dla, in charge of a Russian prize crew,
has entered the canal.
PORT SAID. July 23.— The Penin
sular and Oriental Company's steam
ship Ceylon, homeward bound from
Yokohama and Penang, has arrived
here. She reports that the cruiser St.
Petersburg, of the Russian volunteer
squadron, signaled her pn July 18 when
20 hours from Suez, asking her where
she was from and whither she was
bound, after which the Ceylon was al
lowed to proceed. The St. Petersburg
at that time was convoying a German
merchant ship. _
BERLIN, July 23.— The news of the
seizure of the Scandia arrived here,
too late for comment in most of the
afternoon papers. The Lokal Anzeiger,
the Tageblatt and the Post, however,
commented on the event and assumed
an indigant tone. The Tageblatt heads
its account: "Another Exhibition of
Russian Friendship," and says It be
lieves the seizure will awaken the more
indignation, since Russia has already
yielded in the Malacca case, and ex
presses the hope that Russia will not
lose a moment In sending orders to re
lease the Scandia, as otherwise Ger-
News of the Scandia's Seizure Adds
Fuel to the Flame.
BERLIN'S RAGE GROWS.
BEDFORD SPRINGS, Pa., July 23.
Hon. Henry G. Davis, Democratic can
didate for Vice President, has decided
to have the notification meeting at
White Sulphur Springs, Va. The date
has not yet been fixed, but it will be
about the middle of August. Senator
Davis says that he is here for a rest-
He intends to go next Thursday to his
home at Elkins, W. Va.
Vice I»residential Nominee Decides on
the Place, but Not the Date.
NOTIFICATION OF DAVIS.
harassing attacks. Every night the
Japanese lay mines at the harbor en
trance. The entrance to the port is now
clear.
The steamship Manchuria is making
a tour of the theater of war with mem
bers of the Japanese Diet, foreign at
taches and newspaper correspondents
on board.
The effect of the additional seizures
upon the British Government has been
to intensify its determination to settle
the status of the volunteer fleet ves
sels. It ls understood that the dis
patch of the British cruiser Venus to
the Rsd Sea and a number of torpedo
boats to Port Said is an earnest of the
Government's intention to protect com
merce. No warlike instructions have
been given the commanders, but the
Venus will closely watch the procedure
of the volunteer fleet vessels. Some
diplomatic circles regard this as being
in the nature of a threat to Russia, but
the Russian diplomats In London ex-*
press no concern.
Embassador Benckendorff, in his
communications to Foreign Secretary
Lansdowne, has not dealt with the
general question of the Dardanelles. It
is pointed out in Russian circles that
the subject is receiving consideration
In St. Petersburg, and it is asserted
that Russia will not abandon the right,
which Phe claims, to send volunteer
fleet vessels through the Dardanelles
and to transform them subsequently
into auxiliary cruisers, although no
more ships are likely"" to be sent out
of the Black Sea at present.
vessels will be taken to a neutral port
for examination by the Consuls of the
two nations concerned.
The Scandia has aboard a consign
ment of ammunition, a portion of which
It is asserted was to have been landed
at Singapore for trans-shipment to Ger
man Government stations in the South
Seas. The other portion was billed to
Shanghai for the Chinese Government.
The presentation of a complaint at
Port Said Is difficult, owing to the fact
that the German Consul there also rep
resents Russia.
HAMBURG, July 23.— The officials of
the Hamburg-American line declare
that the seizure of their steamship
Scandia by the Russians is inexplicable,
as her manifests show she did not carry
any kind of war material for Japan.
The company has asked the Foreign
Office to take up the case and demand
an explanation. The company has made
the following statement:
"The capture of the Scandla appears
to be inexplicable. Her manifests show
that no war material in any form for
Japan was on b,oard. The Hamburg-
American Company at the beginning of
the war instructed its representatives
to make It their special duty not to ac
cept contraband for transmission. The
Hamburg - American Company has
asked the Foreign Office to initiate the
steps necessary to clear up this dis
agreeable Incident."
The Scandia belongs to the East In
dian service of the Hamburg- American
line.
Hamburg-American Company Says
Scandia's Seizure Is Inexplicable.
NO CONTRABAND FOR JAPAN.
NEW YORK. July 23. — Friends of
Charles F. Murphy, the Tammany
leader, say that the political under
standing to be brought about between
Tammany Hall and Judge Parker will
be through a direct conference be
tween the Judge and Murphy. The
recognition which the Tammany or
ganization is to have in the coming
State convention or in the selection of
a candidate for Governor will be set
tled, it is said, by Parker and Murphy
personally and not by representatives
of these men.
The belief is expressed that an
amicable understanding will be
reached when the Judge and the Tam
many leader confer.
Parker Personally Will Confer Witli
Leader Charles F. Murphy.
DICKERING WITH TAMMANY.
the retirement of the Russians with the
loss of an officer and forty-six « men
killed and four' officers and *182 men
wounded. • . .
In another fight on the Mukfien road
on July 19, several companies of dis
mounted Cossacks offered a stubborn
resistance to the Japanese advance
guard. -The . Russians fell back on
Siaosyr. . One man was killed .and thir
teen wounded. The Japanese suffered
considerable losses.
General Kuropatkin, in a report to
the Emperor under date of July 22, saya
everything is quiet and there has been
no change on the southern front of the
Russian forces or* on the Sluyen road.
He proceeds to describe the advance
made on July 21, by his order, from
Ikhavuen eastward along the staere
road toward Chlndiapudza and south
ward along the valley of the Liang
River toward Suyantanza. The Rus
sians, harassed by small bands of
Japanese, continued their advance on
July 22, the Japanese outposts rptiring
on their' field fortifications east of the
road leading from the Makumenza to
the Lakho Pass.
; At 9:30 o'clock In the morning the
Russian artillery opened fire on the
pass, which is surmounted by a temple,
and the advance was continued a few
kilometers along the stage road with
out encountering the enemy. General
Kuropatkin adds that up Jto the after
noon of July 22 he had received no fur
ther report.
On July 21 three battalions of Japan
ese occupied Siassyre and sent outposts
from there along the left bank of the
Taltse.
TATCHEKAIO, Friday, July 22.—
Rain has been falling in torrents here
for two days and movements of both
Russians and Japanese have been sus
pended. The real rainy season seems
to have set in. On the eastward the
situation is quiet.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
OMAHA, Neb.. July 23.— At the con
clusion of her father's funeral this aft
ernoon Mrs. T. F. O'Brien, only daugh
ter of 'the late Patrick Ford, a respect
ed pioneer citizen, was taken to the
city Jail on a charge of forgery. Later
in the day she was released on a $4000
bond.
The warrant under which the arrest
was made charges that, as treasurer of
the T. F. O'Brien Coal Company, Mrs.
O'Brien forged the names of her
father, her mother and of W. A. Pax
ton, a millionaire business man. to a
note given to the Omaha National
Bank. The note ls dated May 24, 1902,
and was given in renewal of other
notes bearing the same three indorse
ments, also forged. Before the note be
came due Mrs. O'Brien and her hus
band left the city and for two months
they have been traveling in Canada.
It is stated that while in Omaha Mrs.
O'Brien intended to apply for a divorce.
Her husband ls alleged to have desert
ed her in Canada. *
RED CROSS FUNDS STOLEN".
BERLIN, July 23.— Fresh scandals of
enormous proportions have arisen In
connection with the management of the
Russian national Red Cross funds.
Eight million rubles (M.120.000) is miss
ing from the central treasury, prac
tically sweeping away all the cash
available for the needs of Kuropatkin' s
army.
The loss came to light in consequence
of the demand of the province of Cher
son for an acknowledgment of its con
tribution of 100,000 rubles ($51,600). An
investigation of the books In St. Peters
burg and Moscow revealed a discrep
ancy, which seems to be part of a sys
tem of thievery practiced since the be
ginning of the war.
Emperor Nicholas ls reported to be
enraged at the existence of such cor
ruption among the aristocratic classes
intrusted with the Red Cross arrange
ment.
Losses in Hsihoyen Battle.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The Japa
nese legation has received a cablegram
from the Foreign Office at Toklo stat
ing that General Kuroki reports that
in the capture of Hsihoyen on Jnly; 18
and 19 his casualties were seventy-two
killed, including two officers, and 452
Wounded, including sixteen officers, the
Russian casualties being: estimated at
1000.
Baltic Ships Ready for Sea.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.—Ad
miral Blrileff, in command of the naval
forces at Kronstadt. has started on a
tour of the Baltic ports. This Is re
garded as Indicating that the first di
vision of the Baltic squadron ls prac
tically completed.
Warned to Leave Xewchwang.
/TIENTSIN, July 23.— A telegram re
ceived here to-day from Newchwang
says the European steamships have
been warned to leave. The reason for
this Btep is not given.
WASHINGTON, July 23. — Speaker
Cannon, chairman of the committee to
notify the President of his nomination,
and Chairman Cortelyou of the Repub
lican National Committee, were in con
ference at Republican headquarters to
day. The details of the notification
ceremonies to take place at Oyster Bay
next Wednesday were discussed. All
business at the Washington headquar
ters of the National Republican Com
mittee was concluded to-day and the
quarters abandoned. Cortelyou will
leave for Oyster Bay on an early train
Monday. Speaker Cannon will go to
New York before piloting his commit
tee to Sagamore Hill.
Chairman Cortelyou has not yet com
pleted his executive committee and has
given himself time for Its consideration.
He expects to make public his selec
tions before leaving Oyster Bay to open
the Chicago headquarters, which is to
be the first move after the notification.
The committee which will notify the
President of his nomination will meet
in New York Tuesday at »he Waldorf-
Astoria. On Wednesday, July 27, they
•will go to Oyster Bay.
Members Will Meet in New
York Prior to Their Visit
to Oyster Bay on July 27
Warrant Charges That She
Signed Name of Million
aire to a Bogus Note'
TAKEN TO CITY JAIL
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.—Gener
al Kuropatkin reports in a dispatch to
the • Emperor that a detachment of
Russian troops commanded by Colonel
Tsybulsky gave battle In the Sybel
Pass on July 17 to a superior force of
Japanese. The engagement resulted In
LIAOYANG, Friday, July 22.— Two
Japanese divisions have tried to break
through Lieutenant General Count Kel
ler's left, but General Herschelman,
with the aid of reinforcements, made
a aucceseful stand. Details of the en
gagement are not yet known.
The Japanese have left only two divi
sions at Kaichou. These are strongly
Intrenched and on the defensive. Other
Japanese troops formerly at Kaichou
were embarked on transports for the
vicinity of Port Arthur. The capture
of that stronghold has become a vital
question for the Japanese. They have
been able hitherto- to adopt the offen
sive, but they realize that General
Kuropatkin himself will be prepared
soon to take the offensive and foresee
that they must have a • strong naval
base. Port Arthur is the key to all
Japanese operations.
SINTZINTIN, seventy miles east of
Mukden, Manchuria, July 23.-^Accord
ing to reports from Chinese sources
Sigow Pass, ten miles north of Sai
matsza, is held by more than 5000 Jap
anese infantry and artillery. |lt is be
lieved that this column has engaged
the Russian force proceeding from Sai
matsza westward. The Japanese are
moving up their reserves to reinforce
the SIgow Pass column, which is ex
pected to push forward upon the ar
rival of the reinforcements. Heavy can
nonading was heard on July 18.
Reports to the effect that 20.000 Jap
anese have appeared at Hualyenship,
four miles to the east, are believed to
be Inventions spread by the Japanese,
with the aid of the Chinese.
Although it was authoritatively stated
yesterday that the Malacca had al
ready reached Suda Bay, It now trans
pires that when the Malacca sailed
from Port Said she was bound for Al
giers. Unless orders are delivered to
her on the way she will upon arriving
there find an order to proceed to Suda
Bay. where, under the agreement
reached by- Great Britain and Russia,
an examination of her cargo will be
made by the Russian and British Con
suls.
The apparent delay In the delivery of
orders to the captains of the St. Peters
burg and the Smolensk explains the
seizure of the Scandia and the Ardov.
Great Britain having formally raised
the question of the status of the St.
Petersburg and the Smolensk, the For
eign Office has called a meeting of lead-
Ing officials of the Admiralty to con
sider the subject. This conference is
now in progress. The difficulty will be
submitted to the Emperor.
The Russian Government has given
formal assurances to Germany that
there will be no repetition of the Prlnz
Heinrich incident. Whether this in
cludes aa definite notification that the
converted volunteer fleet steamships
now In the Red Sea will cease stopping
neutral vessels Is not yet clear, al
though It is believed It does.
While not admitting the illegality of
the action of the Russians In convert
ing vessels of the volunteer fleet Into
warships after they had reached the
Red Sea, it ls probable. In view of the
fact that neutral ships did not receive
previous notice, that Russia, in order
to remove the shadow of a cloud upon
their right to fly the war flag, will for
mally notify the powers of their con
version into warships, thus putting all
neutrals upon their guard. In the
meantime all the ships seized will be
released unless the captains refuse to
show their manifests, in which event
the procedure in the case of the Malac
ca will be followed.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.— Russia
has informally notified Great Britain
that orders have been issued to the
Russian cruisers In the Red Sea not to
arrest any more merchantmen, and it
has been agreed between the two pow
ers that if, pending the receipt of these
orders by the captains of the St. Peters
burg and the Smolensk, any other ships
should be stopped and held as prizes
these acts shall be regarded as not hav
ing taken place and the ships concerned
at once released.
The Foreign Office has cabled to the
German Consul at Port Said for an au
thentic version of the capture of the
Scandla and is awaiting his answer be
fore making representations at St.
Petersburg. The officials discuss the
case with an evident attempt to keep
cool, but they. betray deep-seated in
dignation at Russia's course. Germany
has no warships in the Red Sea and
the question of sending vessels there
has not yet been considered, but the
officials plainly intimate that this ques
tion must arise unless Russia speedily
order the captains of her volunteer fleet
steamships to cease molesting German
shipping. The officials refer to the en
ergetic language of the German press
as fully Justifiable. The seizure of the
Scandla is regarded as being so exces
sively unreasonable that the Govern
ment officials try to assume that the
captain of the Russian ship exceeded
his instructions and that Russia will
make speedy amends.
The Lokal Anzeiger regards the seiz
ure of the Scandia as being a much
more serious act of violence th*n the
Prlnz Heinrlch case.
"After England has obtained satis
faction so speedily. It would be a double
moral defeat for Germany If she could
not; compel the same respect aa the
English flag."
The Post, evidently verbally Inspired
by the Foreign Office,- characterizes the
seizure as another exhibition of Rus
sian recklessness and predicts it will
stir up much bad blood In Germany.
"It will." adds the Post, "make dip
lomatic relations between Russia and
Germany, which are already bad, much
worse."
many, against her will, must assume a
different attitude toward Russia, add
ingr:
C03DIITTEE IS AT WORK
Details of Notification Cere
monies at Oyster Bay Are
Discussed by the Chairmen
Omaha Woman Arrested
for Forgery After Witness
ing Father's Interment
Russian Warships Hovering Off the. Lower End of the
Suez Canal Excite Anger Afresh by Taking Two
Prizes Before Receipt of St. Petersburg's
Order Instructing Them to Desist.
Two Japanese Divisions Fail in Attempts to Break
Through Count Keller's Left Flank, Their Attacks
Being Repulsed by General Hersch,elman
With the Aid of Reinforcements.
CANNON TALKS
TO CORTELYOU
FROM FUNERAL
TO PRISON CELL
NO MORE SEIZURES OF NEUTRAL MERCHANT VESSELS
WILL BE MADE BY THE CZAR'S RED SEA CRUISERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21. 1904.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I B. KATSCHINSKI j
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. ¦
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO \
A Adjoining Can Bn VI fling. . F
I GREAT BARGAINS I
| SWELL NEW STYLES.
|| Our motto is to keep business I
Q booming all the time. This ls the D
1 season when most firms complain 1
I of poor business. Not so with us. t
li "We keep our store crowded contln- ¦
H ually by giving values that mean I
l| dollars saved to our customers. H
I With our enormous, business and pj
£§ low rents we can undersell* every |l
li firm In this city. On sale this \
1 week at a bargain. Ladies' Patent I
] Leather and Vici Kid Cuban and n
M French Heel Oxfords, made with H
j pliable hand-turned soles, neat IJ
coin toes and tips, circular vamps I
and heel foxings and cloth Or mat I
kid tops. Every size In sorno I
style. Sizes 2^ to 8. Widths AA I
to E. XSOVOSS SAX.E PSZCS.. I
81.15 I
I SACRIFICE PRICE I
Don't miss this bargain for n
children: Black or Tan Vici Kid
Lace and Button Shoes, made with
neat-shaped toes and tips, circular
vamps and heel foxings and hand-
turned soles: made with plain or
spring heels. OTJB SALE PSZCa
TO SSX.Z! EYEBT PA1B 35c
Sizes 1% to 8. Widths A, B
and C.
I NEW WAVE FOXINGS. 1
Just received: A new shipment n
of Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Lace I
Shoes, which we will place on sale h
this week at a remarkable low t]
price. They are made with close I
edge single soles, new coin toes V
and patent leather tips, high Cu- I]
ban heels, dull mat kid tops and I
new style high wave vamp fox- j
Ings. An attractive and dressy H
Shoe. PSZCS SSZroCXD PSOM I!
$2.25 TO 81.65 f!
Sizes 2^ to 8. Widths A to E. It
am t gmi jfJmWi *?f i!
JSS29h£S*yr '¦ j?\ I j
GREAT VALUES.
A rare opportunity to purchase
bargains for the children and
misses: Best grade Black or Tan
Vici Kid and Patent Leather Lace
and Button Shoes, mady with neat
extension or close edge soles,
cloth or kid tops, modern coin
toes and tips and circular or
straight foxlnss. Widths A to B.
JTEVT rXZSX BTTU2S AT
cxjMjr-ur psxezs.
Child's sizes. 8^ to 11 65c
Misses' sizes. 1 1 »4 to 3 <75e
Young Ladies' sizes. 2H to «-S5c
ILESSTHANHALFPRICE 1
A bargain for the men this If
week. New. up-to-date Lace * B
Shoes and Oxford Ties, made In I
patent leather, vici kid. velour I
, calf and enameled leather, with I]
D neat dressy toes and tips and I
H moderate extension edges. Not a H
I pair in the lot worth less than Rj
I $3.50. All bunched together at ra
1 OTTB SAM PSZCS S1.G."> R
H - Sizes S to 11 H- Widths A to EK. gj
J W* Z»o Kot On»raatee to PCI M
a Country Orders on Sals Shoes. |j
B. KATSCHINSKI
| 10 THIRD ST., Ban Praacisco. H
"DDTTCLI17C *"° R BARBERS. BA.
LlilUWllJJW homes. bUllaxd tables.
brewr«r«, bookbinder*, candy maker*, canner*
dyers Hour milla. foundries. Uundrle*. p«P«r-
bantrer*. printers, painters. «hoe factorlea.
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, taaners. tailors, «tc
BUCHANAN BBOS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramaatc St.
Xrff&SfcS&fl MEN AND WOMEJI.
&&rtuiD& ! &2 C«B1«O for unnatural
jfgjf OwuM 1 trriutlans or operations
fiS&tf »•« m tttlewr*. M of mucous membrane*.
|»^J Fr*n»«* (Htaiha. pmin'.ew. :md not xtttJl-
gynrHEETMSCHEMICAlCO. «' nt or VX>i»onoTi»
«••.*. 2SlT* or sent in platn wrapnjr.
V*$BB£5SS50&lm «!.0O. or J bottles ».:».
¦¦ Circular net oo wanart-
WEEKLY CALL, 91.00 PEB TBAA
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vv 66IC
Grcflt
ADVERTISEMENTS. i
W^^^^^Sj) PIANO '
if \ \tt. jf^s%^1nl/J est mechanical ski11 nd
\\ \(f?^v Si^W^**'^'^^^^ sion, with • the most per-
\J3wDJ) The MASON & HAMLIN piano possesses a tone that stirs the
xSsJr^ blood and thrills the nerves with its marvelous poetic cadences
JJll and soft, rich, clear and yet powerful vibrations of musical
// II sound. The MASON & HAMLIN piano is the right piano to buy
11 and to have every day in the year. *
vS/Ssy We have a plan by which you may buy a Mason & Hamlin
piano on liberal and easy terms. i
//^L 931-933 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
If Oakland. Sacramento, San Jose, Eureka, Fresno and San Dieeo.
. . . ... i _ .. • ¦• ,_ \. ..... .._..:i.-. :^ r . ¦ ¦ ¦SANTA ROSA. July 23.— A deal was
consummated this morning in Petaluma
whereby the Petaluma and Santa Rosa
Railway Company secured valuable
terminal -and- depot facilities in this
city. .The- depot of the electric line,
which is now being constructed between
this city and Petaluma, ."will be within
a few hundred feet of the California
Northwestern depot, at the corner of
Fourth and Wilson streets.
Railway Deal Is Consummated.
PORTLAND. July 23. — Every house
of the big gambling trust in Portland
was closed this afternoon by the new
ly elected Sheriff. For the first time
in two years there Is no open gambling
in this city. The move of the Sheriff,
acting in conjunction with District At
torney Manning, follows the fight of
the Municipal Association against
gambling. The gamblers have been
paying $5000 a month to the city
through the system' of forfeited bail.
Portland Gambling Houses Are Closed.
REDDING. July 23.— K. Lakenou
chi, superintendent- of the Kasaka
Mining, Smelting and Refining Works
at Kasaka, Japan, is in this country
in search of improved methods of
smelting. He spent to-day at the Kes
wick plant of the Mountain Copper
Company and will visit all of the
smelters in Arizona, Mexico and Colo
rado. The plant of which he is su
perintendent Is situated 500 miles
northeast of Yokohama and employs
6000 men. The ore contains but 1.8
per cent copper, which is far too low
grade to be considered as a paying
working proposition In this country.
Superintendent of the Kasttka Mining
Company Investigates Shasta
County Smelting Plants.
COMES HERE FROM JAPAN
TO STUDY OUR METHODS
SAN DIEGO, July 23.— At Christ
church, Coronado, this morning, Joseph
Surr, an octogenarian, was married to
Mrs. Anna Elizabeth Tivey, widow of
the late Thomas H. Tivey of St. fx>uis.
Mo. The wedding was witnessed by
only the immediate friends and rela
tives of the couple. The Rev. Charles
E. Spaulding performed the ceremony.
The groom has been a resident of this
city and Coronado for the past fifteen
years and ha& a host of friends. For
a number of years he was a member
of the City Board of Education and a
familiar figure in the class rooms of
the city schools. The bride has been
a resident of Coronado for about five
years. The bride 4 and groom were
friends in England years ago, when
Surr was a member of the Town Coun
cil of London. Surr has already passed
four score years, but does not relish
the idea of passing the remaining years
of his life alone, v his children having
married and gone to homes of their
own.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Camping Party i Meets With Accident.
HEALDSBURG. July 23.— While re
turning from a camping trip In Mendo
cino County Herman Graper. a saloon
man of this city, with his wife and four
little children, ran off a cliff fifteen
miles from Willits. All in the party
were injured, but fortunately none
was killed.
Joseph Suit of San Diego
Surprises His Friends by
Giving Them a Wedding
OCTOGENARIAN
TAKES A WIFE
JACKSON. July 23. — The residence
of John Fregulia, the rear part of his
blacksmith shop and the boarding
house of Mrs. Juka adjoining were de
stroyed by fire last night. When the
fire was extinguished the body of
Carlo Lagomarsino was found in the
debris. He was an inmate of the Fre
gulia home and it is believed the fire
started In the room he occupied. The
other inmates escaped r/ith difficulty.
Meets Death in Burning: Home.
SALINAS. July 23. — Two cases of
Incendiarism occurred last night and in
both instances the offenders were
caught. The first fire was started about
10 o'clock and resulted in the destruc
tion of a cottage owned by Joseph
Er.yder. The second fire was in the
rear of Hale's dry goods store and
was extinguished before much damage
was done. The men arrested are
Charles T. Waller and George Had
low.
While driving around this morning
to secure evidence in the arson cases
Constable J. A. Smart was seriously in
jured. His horse ran away and Smart
leaped from the buggy, sustaining
a severs wrench of the right hip and
many serious bruises.
Men Accused of Having Started the
Blares Are Now in Custody of
the Authorities-.
TWO INCENDIARY FIRES
ARE STARTED AT SALINAS
STOCKTON. July 23.— The first step
toward the condemnation of right of
way for the Stockton diverting canal
was taken this afternon when Ashley
& Neumiller, associated with Attorney
General Webb, filed on behalf of the
State formal suit against several own
ers of property traversed by the route.
The Chamber of Commerce has made
long and vain efforts to secure the
rights and the suit comes as a last
resort. The State is to pay $60,000
toward the completed right of way
and the Government-will dig the canal
as soon as there is a clear title to the
route.
State Brings Condemnation Suit.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— The condition of
former Chief of Police James A. Kid
ward, who was stricken with apoplexy
yesterday, was much Improved^ this
evening and It ls believed by his phy
sicians that he will recover. He was
in a semi-conscious condition during
Friday night, but at noon to-day he
regained full consciousness. It is ex
pected he will be able to talk to-mor
row and the doctors believe they will
then be able to thoroughly diagnose
his case. He appears to be rapidly
gaining strength. Kidward has had
several light attacks of apoplexy be
fore, but for some time he has not been
subject to them. A hearty meal of very
rich food is believed to have brought
on the stroke Friday.
Kidward was one of the most popu
lar officers In California and since yes
terday many inquiries from over the
State have been received asking about
his condition.
Reception Is Tendered Him Vy the
Commander of the Department
of the Columbia. ¦
VANCOUVER. Wash.. July 23. —
Major General Adna R. Chaffee and
Quartermaster General Charles F.
Humphrey, who are on an inspection
tour of the army posts of the Pacific
Northwest, arrived here over the
Northern Pacific from Seattle this af
ternoon Bad were taken to Fort Van
couver. Late this afternoon a recep
tion was tendered the visiting officers
by Brigadier General Frederick Fun-
Eton, commander of the Department
of the Columbia.
A special car In charge of Colonel
William F. Tucker. U. S. A., which
was run from Portland to Vancouver, !
brought several of the most prominent
business and professional men from
that city to enable them to meet Gen
eral Chaffee. General Chaffee will
leave for San Francisco Monday night, j
GENERAL CHAFFEE VISITS
FORT VANCOUVER BARRACKS
Former Police Chief
of San Jose Is
Improving.
JAMES A. KIDWARD, FORMER
POLICE CHIEF OF SAN JOSE,
WHO IS SERIOUSLY ILL.
UKIAH, July 23.— William Held, a
well-known business man of this place,
who was lost on Red Mountain on
"Wednesday, walked Into th»» State In
car.e Asylum yesterday, but little the
worse for his trying experience.
Held recently sold his business here
end on Wednesday, In company with
two friends, went to Red Mountain on
a prospecting and camping trip. After
making camp the men separated to
look for water. Held was unable to find
the camp again and for two days and
Eights he wandered in the mountain
canyons. His two companions searched
all that night for him. and came to
town Thursday to give the alarm. Res
cue parties at once started out from
town and searched without avail
throughout the day and night.
When Held reached the asylum his
clothing was almost torn to shreds
through having come In contact with
the brush. He was barely able to walk
and was almost completely exhausted.
SAN JOSE, July, 23.— Some novel
points will be raised In the probate of
the estate of Charles W. Stlckney and
Genevieve I. Stickney, his wife, who
were the principals in a tragedy at
Mountain View a few months ago.
Stickney killed hi'a wife and then com
mitted suicide. He left an estate of
about $3500. which is now being admin
istered upon. Public Administrator
Kell to-day nied a will made by Mrs.
Stickney and asked for letters of ad
ministration upon it. The will was
made In Custer County, Idaho, Decem
ber 15, 1£94, and by it she leaves what
property she may be possessed of after
death to her husband. The estate con
sists of a life insurance policy for $1500
and about $150 worth of Jewelry.
The question will be raised as to
whether Stickney or his wife died first
It is believed that he killed her at her
request, as she had before attempted
suicide. After shooting her he imme
diately turned the revolver upon him
self, eo the theorists say, and as the
bodies were not found until some time
after it is a question as to which ex
pired first. If the woman died first then
Stickney's relatives are the heirs to his
wife's estate, but if he expired first then
her relatives have a claim on the two
estates. Another question is as to
whether one who causes the death of
another intentionally can profit by that
person's death. There may also be a
contest of the life insurance policy on
the ground that she was killed for the
insurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Makes Appearance at State
Asylum While Rescue Par
ties Are Searching for Him
Legal Battle Is Promised
Over the Property Left
by Murderer and Victim
TRAGEDY IS RECALLED
WANDERS FOR 2 DAYS
Probating of the Estates
of Charles W^Jjliickney
and Wife-Causes a Tangle
Resident of Ukiah Meets
With Trying Experience
While on a Camping Trip
NOVEL POINTS
ARE INVOLVED
LOSES HIS WAY
IN MOUNTAINS
PHYSICIANS
SAY KIDWARD
MAY RECOVER
GIVE BANQUET
IN NEW HOME
Members of the Los Angeles
Union > League Entertain
Republicans of the State
]UAiS T Y ATTEND FUNCTION
Senator Bard Discusses the
Proposed National Law to
Reclaim Our Arid Lands
Committee that the petition calling a
Congressional convention for the
Eighth District not- having been filed
within the time required by law, the
delegates to be chosen in that district
to the Republican State Convention
will be the delegates also to the Eighth
Congressional District convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 23.— Installed
in'; its nev/ palatial home, a marble
front building three stories high, fully
paid for and furnished without regard
to expense, the Los Angeles Union
League to-night entertained prominent
Republicans from various parts of the
State. In a formal dress dinner, which
was attended by nearly 500 prominent
Republicans, the place was dedicated
to-night and the occasion was made a
second ratification of the ticket nomi
nated at Chicago by the National Re
publican Convention.
The home of the club is undoubtedly
the finest of any political organization
In< the West. There was an informal
reception last night, which was merely
an Inspection of the new quarters, but
to-night's affair was the formal dedica
tion of the hous*^ Republicans were
in attendance from all over this part
of the State and some came from San
Francisco and even farther north.
Quite a number were in attendance
from the San Joaquin Valley.
Among those who came from a dis
tance to • attend the function -were:
Colonel George H. Pippy, president of
the Union League Club of San Fran
cisco; General George Stone, Colonel
J. B. Fuller, Colonel Charles Sonntag,
T. K. Kase. E. Tauszky, Ira A. Man
ning, J. B. Tregloan, F. H. Short. R. H.
Schwa rskopf, Harry Horn, J. Harry
Russell, R. E. Miller, A. C. Bates, A.
J. Rankin and U. S. Webb.
The following ladies accompany the
party: Mrs. G. H. Pippy, Miss Flor
ence Pippy, Miss Ethel Pippy, Mrs. T.
R. Kase, Mrs. E. Tauszky and Mrs.
Grace More.
L. C. Elliott, president of the league,
presidad, nad Hon. Robert N. Bulla
was toastmaster. After the dinner for
mer Senator Bulla Introduced .the
gpeakers who responded to the follow
ing toasts: "Union League of Los An
geles," R. D. Wade; "Union League of
San Francisco," Colonel George H.
Pippy; "Reclamation of Arid Lands,"
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard; "Tale of Two Conventions,"
Frank H. Short; "The President," K
C. Gates.
Frank H. Short's comparative de
scription of the conventions at Chica
go and St. Louis was one of the hits ol
the evening.
Senator Bard received an ovation. In
his speech he refrained from referring
to the present political contests, but
pointed out that if the arid West is to
be reclaimed it is the Republican party
that must do it. He asserted that the
enactment of the national irrigation
law was of equal importance to the
country to anything j which has been
done by Congress since the civil war.
The banquet continued until after mid
night.
CADETS E>TERTAIX
THEIR 3IANY FRTEND3
Slembers of the League Give an En
joyable "At Home" at Camp
Dowdall.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— Th» ILeaRTia
of the Cross Cadets gave an "at homo"
at Camp Dowdall to-night and their
many guests spent a most enjoyable
evening. An entertaining musical and
literary programme was rendered and
It won the well-merited applause of
the guests.
The cadets will break camp to-mor
row, after spending a pleasant week of
outdoor life.
rARTY VOTE IS DIVIDED.
PALO ALTO, July 23.— Several weeks
ago the Republicans of Palo Alto held
a meeting under the auspices of the
Republican Club. Nearly two hun
dred voters were present and a large
majority signed the membership roll
of the club. At that meeting six can
didates were named as delegates to
the county convention who are to be
voted for at the primaries. However,
the Citizens' Alliance Republicans, v/ho
opposed the selection of these men,
have been perfecting plans for the
naming of another delegation, claiming
that the Republicans of the town did
not know delegates were to be named.
Last Wednesday, in pursuance to
a call that had been issued by the
club's officers, another meeting was
held for the purpose of naming an
other delegate to the county conven
tion and the selection of one for the
State. This meeting was well adver
tised, but none of the Alliance men
were present. The county delegate was
named and Fayette was
named for the State convention.
Friday night the Alliance held a
meeting and nominated the following
delegates to be voted for at the pri
marines: J. F. Parkinson, F. Stan
ford, H. F. Perry. T. B. Downing. B.
P. Oakford, J. J. Larkin and E. C.
Thoits. Marshall Black was named as
State delegate. This movement splits
the Republican party in Palo Alto.
Railroad Is Completed to Tonopah.
TONQPAH. Nev.. July 23.— The rail
road was completed to Tonopah to
day and the arrival of the first train,
was announced by the blowing of
whistles, ringing of bells and the ex
plosion of dynamite. Governor Sparks
and suite will arrive to-morrow to tako
part In the big celebration Monday,
when the gold spike will be driven.
INSTRUCT THEIR NOMINEE.
SANTA ANA, July 23.— The Thirty
ninth Senatorial District Republican
Convention, comprising Riverside and
Orange counties in session at Orange
to-day, nominated John N. Anderson of
Santa Ana for Senator. A resolution
was adopted indorsing. In the warmest
terms, Thomas R. Bard for re-election
to the United States Senate and in
structing the nominee of the conven
tion, if elected, to vote for his re-elec
tion in the^next Joint session of the
State Legislature.
A resolution Instructing the nominee
to participate in and abide by the de
cision of the caucus of the Southern
California legislators in regard to
United States Senatorshlp was de
feated.
Fall to File Petition In Time.
SAN DIEGO. July 23. — George Stone,
chairman of the Republican State
Committee, has notified the chairman
of. the Eighth District Republican
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, . JULY. 1M, 190-L
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Now's the Time and
WW^S^^^ff^^ t > This is the Place
. Now is the time to order your new fall suit and for these good reasons:
Our fall patterns have arrived and are on display in long rows of drapes
ready for your choosing The stock is complete— there are several yards of
; each pattern— choosing now insures you of a desirable pattern.
J^^^W^fi^p During July the department is not crowded In the busy seasons every
BSfis' \ ' $\ aisle is crowded with customers. N)w you can select your pattern and receive
J|||ipr;" 1- : the individuil attention of the salesman.
!Mhi'> I j ' ' The cutters, not bein? rushed, can take plenty of time with each cus-
tomer. This- insures" careful measuring, perfect fitting and complete satis-
~ The manager of the department can persomlly look after the interests of
We can have .your suit finished on time because the workshops are not
tzk0$ Blip With this attention you are' certain of securing good workmanship, upon
Jllrai!f'-"* ; Ilii^i^ which the wearing of a siHt greatly depends.
Wmji^ lilplf 1 " The>e advantages, together with our low prices, which save you fully one-
i?lP^ BiIf third - make thls an o PP ol ;tune time for buying your new fall suit.
8Sp flip As usual we show a^ the new'goods.of the season ranging from $10 to
'ifl&i llllll^ mers should write imported h osi er y,
for self-measuring y40 Market Street and regular 50c values,
:g_M|||jU :z~i^r^K-^> blank and sarap i es Corner Powell and Eddy Streets fa 30c.
] ¦ ; ¦ ' ADVERTiaEMEyTS.
A PRINCE ENDORSES PE=RU=NA
For Summer Cofds, Coughs and All Catarrhal Ailments.
I The Great Test of a Medicine Is
If r -<*zMZS? m^--~ I the Result Obtained.
I J . /' j^^^^^^^^fe^ y X % I Thc Source of Catarrh Mast Be
W I : ---'-^SffiifiIiN%' sPlillil *' is Catarrh is simply a Cabby condition of
ri t ii^lliliilP"' ' X £> the mucous membrane. This flabblness
£; ? • . ••; *?s?§^,'-''^ ' -^sUSw^ '^ O a3 b een brought about by e.tposura to
*N !. J; 'IP^iltiP^ *;^iiiiP r \ & cold whIch finally depresses tha nerves
<2 4 -Si; "#l§ifi» *' *• 8U PP 1 y ln K tije mucous membrane.
S? * '"¦'" -^i»£&|§4«iiif \ »j Peruna operates Immediately ta
S ' S^^P?P^^^^p' ;!::^^^f'**. :^ 111 : n "rengthen these nerves and give tons t»
g£ Jillllif^P^ *wS*3g5<-- ~*_ "; g the mucous membrane. There la no.othe-
£ \\ '¦¦•'. ¦ ':-^^^^^ ' ' i> '• " *•> Internal catarrh remedy that haa provea
5 : ; .. " ~~ -J* : !! « Tne most distinguished mea oi ths
Q '! : W£eaH8$K' ' ¦*'' •' '>' " " '"'• S United States have r.o hesitation In lend-
S \\ '¦ ¦.-¦',¦ 'yffi&l&Ssttiiti- \ "• 8 Ing their Influence to assist In letting th«
o ' :. • *"* P e °P l0 know of the virtues of Peruna.
<5 * • : i S Nearly one-half the people are ta sonns
S : f § degree affected by catarrh. Therefore It
o s wi§^ll^lsilli>i§ir D purchasing Peruna should look out for
ri ' 'Wl%M8i%2mt3S& O Imitations. Examine each package care-
rt W^^^^^^^^^?#^^^6iv : W^^^^^ S fully- If you have ever used Peruna. or
S "' * < < A *'-W? S If you have ever tasted It. you are not la
O •<&&*' ' &MM? ' S tne BliRhtest danger of being misled by
£> ; ' '¦' '4'Z''-' . / n ft these Imitations, but all those begln^iin^
* • HiiSfflr ' 8 tne use °* P eruna should beware.
C> : '?^^^< ' S> Beware of Imitations. Believe no on*
0 , '^^^^^^^^^^''¦¦¦¦'¦ :^1^^^^^-'^^^ " » wh0 tells y° u that he haa a remedy that
0 ,, :^^^P^^^^^P^ ls makln S the same cures that Peruna la
§ " jQi If you have any doubt as to tha genii—
££ i> (l o incness of the bottle of Peruna you aro
p ? S using, write to Dr. Hartman and tha
g «»«»«>«»<««»»»»»»«..»»»»«•>••••••••>>•••••»»•>- jg fraud. If there be any. will soon be de-
| PRINCE JONAH KALANIANAOLE. « teCted *
Popnlist Ticket Endorses Pe-m-na.
1 __. . „ , . , ._. , , _. _. ,. , ! Hon. John B. "Weaver of Colfax. la., a
Prince Jonah Kalanlanaole, Delegate In Congress from Hawaii, in a recent j candidate for the Presidency on the Pop-
; letter to The Peruna Medicine Co., says: j ullst ticket, writes from the National
'I ,,, L r 1, ' j n «. ' "Hotel. Washington. D. C. as follows:
; > I can cheerfully recommend your Peruna as a very effective \ "I can unhesitatingly recommend your
; remedy for coughs, colds and catarrhal trouble." \ «£ e r ?£ p I ei^ sa f tis fl ed U fha 3 t i?%i"32
: PRINCE JONAH KALANIANAOLE. i all you claim for lt.-W.ohn B. Weaver.
', <; A cold ls the beginning of catarrh. It
' — .I-,, 1 U-1-1--1-1 .-l-jij-utj-.* may cause catarrh of any of the Internal
organs — the head, throat, lungs and
The Cause of Consumption Often a stages of consumption. 8t ?^ a t c^ n wouid m cu7e aii a lh£ l e U di c ~e r rent
r, r*** m At inv lima /Iiirirn* th» nrtwrxa *\* COld. then, WOU1U CUT6 ail laesfl Ol^trsni
Common Cold. \£ X S&nF&SFSZ £& £STe? the effects of cold. P«™«»*»™ c r h t S'?S?Sl
Nine cases of consumption out of ten cold to Its final settlement in the lungs. We have letters from all over tlve Ln.tea
occur in this way: Peruna can be relied upon to check the States attesting to this fact. The poor
A person catches cold. The cold is not progress of the catarrh. Sometimes after and rich alike use it and recommend it.
properly cured, and they quickly catch a diagnosis of consumption has been Peruna cures <; atar ™_ w ;|" e^ r *°";at-
another one. This cold is dilly-dallied made by competent physicians Peruna cd. Pemna ls not a guess nor an eipen-
with by no treatment, or some treat- has permanently cured. We have testi- ment — It Is an aDsoi_,te scieniiuc ce.
ment that is ineffectual and the cold monials from many people who have talnty. _„_„ ?»,„,....,„* ?_•*«..
continues. been given up to die of consumption, who We have on file many J thousand test. -
Then they catch another cold and be- claim to have been cured by Peruna. monials like the ones "• c^
gin to cough. Then they take cough syr- We do not recommend Peruna as a only give our readers a S'lfft snni^se oc
ups. but they do no good. consumption cure, but we do claim that the vast array of unsolicited ena orse-
By and by they get tired of taking it will prevent consumption if taken ments we are ""V^f^fl^^^f;.^
medicine and give up in despair. Their before the disease is thorougly estab- other physician In the world nas recei.ea
cold continues: and tlieir cough grows lished. It is only the cases of lncrpient such a volume or e 1 ntaus i a ° 11^ a 5r,jf* a i°
worse. Then they apply to a doctor and consumption that we feel confident that ful letters of thanKs as Jjr. na-ima ut
only to find that they are in the first I Peruna will cure. . peruna.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J Ean Francisco. Sunday, 2* July. 1004. •
To see it is
to want one, $6.75
And the best part of the bargain is you don't
have to spend much. The price of this dainty little
I chair is what prompted us to call your attention to it.
Made of mahoganized birch wood with upholstered
¦spring seat.
Bigelow Lowell Body Brussels — sewed, lined and
t laid, $1.20 th; yard. No better wearing carpet in the
(Formerly the California Furniture Go.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareDENVER, . July 23. — The Repub
lican will say to-mofrow: "Before, the
end of the present week there will be
no military rule In the State of Colo
rado. The troops in Teller, San Ml-
Governor Peabody Will Abolish Mlll
. tary Rule in Colorado.
WILI/ REMOVE TROOPS.
COLORADO, SPRINGS, Colo., July
23.— The Portland reduction mill at
Colorado City, owned and operated by
the Portland Gold Mining Company,
which was closed three weeks ago,
resumed operations ¦ to-day with non
union men.
Members of the Smeltermen's Union
are refused employment. This com
pletes the non-unionizing of the force
of Jhe ore smelting plants of Colorado
City. The Portland mill employs 175
men.
Plant Is Now Operated Entirely by
Non-Unlon Men.
PORTLAND MILL REOPENS.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Differences
between the, employers and the Marble
Workers' unions have arisen here over
a demand of the latter for the employ
ment of union foremen. Although
the work is being carried on under
an arbitration agreement, a general
lockout Is threatened. Five thousand
men are affected. '
Serious Differences Exist and a Lock
out Is -Threatened.
MARBLE WORKERS COMPLAIN.
NEW YORK, July 23. — A strike of
drivers employed? by the New York
Transfer Company, which has caused
a "great accumulation of baggage at
railway terminals here during the past
week, has been declared off pending
arbitration of the demand of. the driv
wages. The strikers resumed work to
day. , . . ¦ '
DRIVERS' STRIKE IS OFF.
riTTSBURG. July 23. — Arrange
ments are being made for the resump
tion of a double turn next week of the
extensive steel plant of Jones &
Laughlln. The mills have been run
ning at about. 65 per cent of the nor
mal capaplty, but orders have come
In recently that the . officials of the
company believe warrant a resumption
In full. Between 3500 and 4000 men
will be affected, beneficially by the
change. Some of these have been
working on short time and others were
idle altogether.
Extraordinary Orders May Result In
Resumption In Full at Pltts
burg Plant. -
BIG STEEL WORKS MAY
OPERATE FULL FORCE
HONOLULU, July 23. — Thirteen
hundred Japanese laborers on the
Oahu Sugar Company's plantation at
Waipahu have, gone on strike. They
first demanded the discharge of the
Japanese foreman and the management
agreed to transfer him to a Korean
gang of workers. The strikers then
made other demands. Many of the
striking laborers have profit-sharing
contracts.
The crops have been poor on ac
count of the ravages of the leaf hop
per and the workmen want their con
tracts annulled and they demand reg
ular wages. The managers refused to
accede to this proposal and began
paying off the strikers. Police from
Honolulu have been sent under Of
ficer Chillingswprth as some disposi
tion to. riot has been shown by the la
borers.
1300 Hawaiian Sugar Plantation Em
ployes Threaten Trouble.
JAPANESE ON STRIKE.
guel and Las Animas counties will be
withdrawn and the administration of
affairs in these counties left to the
civil authorities. The withdrawal of
the troops will also bring about the
dissolution of the military commis
sion now in existence In the Cripple
Creek district The result above re
ferred to will be effected by orders
from Governor Peabody, who has ar
rived at the conclusion that conditions
in the three counties named have be
come so peaceful, as to no longer re
quire the presence of the military."
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 23.— Fifty
special policemen were sworn in to
day to preserve order in the packing
house district Nearly a hundred
deputy sheriffs are on duty there. The
plants are being operated about the
same as during the first period of the
strike. The situation is tense and
every precaution Is being taken by the
packers and the authorities to protect
ilfe and property-
Many Special Police and Deputies on
Guard in St. Joseph.
SITUATION IS TENSE.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— Mrs. E. O.
Smith, a prominent club woman of this
city and one of the best known women
In California, died this afternoon at her
residence on North First street. She
became ill while on a visit o her
daughter in Los , Angeles two months
ago, but had recovered sufficiently to
make the trip to her home, when a re
lapse followed. Mrs. Smith was one of
the women commissioners to the Chi
cago world's fair. She was one of the
organizers of the Woman's Club of
this city and served for some time as
its president. Deceased was promi
nent In all public movements and had
been a prime mover in all the big floral
carnivals held In this city. She was
also a prominent member of the Uni
tarian Church. Mrs. Smith was chair
man of the ladies' committee that pre
sented President McKinley with the
mammoth bouquet on his visit here.
Mrs. Smith had been a resident of
this city for many years. She had
been married twice, her first husband
being E. B. Hillman. Her second hus
band died some years ago. She was a
native of New York and about 65 yeara
of age. Two daughters, Mrs. Hlllman-
Smith of this city and Mrs. Calvert
Wilson of Los Angeles, and a son, Ed
win B. Hillman of Illinois, survive her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 23.— A masked
robber entered the Anheuser saloon
and gambling hall, a downtown resort,
shortly after midnight last night, and
covering Thomas Dickenson, the bar
tender, and a half-dozen men who were
drinking at the bar, ordered them to
turn over all the cash in their posses
sion. The men readily complied.
When the men had handed over a
considerable sum the robber stood
them up against the wall and walked
over to a roulette table, which was
running at the time. With two six
shooters lying within easy reach, he
swept the gold piled there into a sack
which he carled, and. picking up his
revolvers, made a break for a side en
trance and escaped into the darkness.
The barkeeper ran for his revolver
and sent several shots after the robber
as he ran under an electric light a half
block away and turned a corner The
police were immediately called, but the
desperado succeeded In giving them the
slip.
The Anheuser was held, up In much
the same manner two months ago by
Jim Smith, whom the bartender shot in
the leg as he was fleeing, bringing him
down. Smith Is now serving a term at
Yuma for the robbery.
Napa Woman Passes Away.
The funeral of the late Mrs. S. J.
Gesford, mother of Henry C. Gesford,
Judge- of the Superior Court in Napa
County, took place In Napa yesterday.
Mrs. Gesford, who was 84 years of
age, was a pioneer of Napa County,
settling there In 1851. The pall bear
ers were several past grand masters
of the Native Sons of the Golden West.
Famous Ixmdon Surgeon Dies.
LONDON, July 23.— Sir John Simon,
K. C. B., former president of the Royal
College of Surgeons and the Royal So
ciety, is dead. He was born in 1818.
NEW TORK. July 23.— The directorate of
the American Steel Foundries Company ha*
accepted the resignation of Charles M. Schwab,
who recently disposed of his stock In the
company.
TO TAKE STRIKERS 1 PLACES.
Agent or Cudahy Company Is Recruit
ing Men in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 23.— About
forty men recruited here by an agent
of the Cudahy Packing Company for
shipment to Chicago to take the places
of striking packing-house employe^
there are still awaiting orders from
the East. The agent states that the
men were ready to leave for Chicago
at the time the strike was declared oft,
but since work . was resumed and the
employes walked out a second time, lie
has had no word from his company.
He claims to have sent^a shipment ot
thirteen men east yesterday for the
Cudahy Company, but those who have
been engaged to go deny- this.
Gada's Wounds Prove Fatal.
SAN JOSE, July 23. — Joseph Gada,
who accidentally shot himself while
deer hunting at Tassajara Springs a
few days ago, died this afternoon at St.
Luke's Hospital. Gada was the proprie
tor of the People's "Wagon and Carriage
Works, on San Pedro street, and a well
known buslnes man of this city. He
was- a na"tlve of Italy and about 40
years of age.
Strike of Walters Is Off.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— At a meeting
of the executive committee of the
"VVaiters* Union to-day the strike of
the waiters at the World's Fair, in
augurated July 4. was declared off.
Lockout of Carpenters Ends.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The lockout
of carpenters by the Building Trades
Employers' Association was declared off
after a conference to-day.
FALL RIVER, Mass., July 23.— The
cotton manufacturers to-day unanN
mously voted to refuse the request for
a postponement for two weeks of the
cut* down of 12% per cent in wages.
This means • that the operatives will
strike Monday morning.
The action of the manufacturers was
made known promptly to the union
officials and a general strike order was
at once issued by the executive com
mittee of the Textile Council. It re
quires that all members of the spin
ners, carders, loom-fixers, weavers and
slasher tenders' unions stay away
from mills on Monday and remain
away until a satisfactory settlement is
reached.
ST. PAUL. July 23.— To-day's sit
uation is interpreted by the packing
and commission interests to mean that
the strike in Swift's plant in South
St. Paul has been broken. It is al
leged that great dissatisfaction exists
among the members of the union be
cause of the second strike order and
that a revolt against President Don
nelly's authority has occurred. Be
tween 500 and 600 union men are as
serted to be at work in the Swift
plant. The picket system seems to be
disorganized.
President Donnelly.
South St. Paul Men In Revolt Against
STRIKERS ARE WEAKENING.
Compels Bartender and Six
Patrons of the Place to
Part AVith Their Money
Manufacturers Decline to
Postpone Action in Eetluc
ing Wages of the Employes
BOSTON, July 23.— Brigadier General
C. Seaforth Stewart, U. S. A., retired,
died suddenly to-day at Slasconset,
Nantucket Island, as the result of in
juries sustained in a fall from the roof
of a hotel piazza.
General Stewart had been ill for some
time and went to Siasconset for his
health. He had a gallant and merito
rious record in the Civil "War and was
brevetted colonel. He was transferred
to California and was superintendent
of construction at Angel Island, Fort
Point, San Jose arid San Diego, and had
charge of the harbor Improvements at
San Diego. He was retired In 1885 on
his own application with the rank of
brigadier general after forty years' ser
vice as a commissioned officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At the stockyards to-night the pack
ers are making preparations for a long
struggle. As soon as all peace negotia
tions were declared futile the heads of
the different departments In the va
rious plants were notified to hire all the
¦workmen they could possibly obtain.
From the progress that has been made
up to a late hour to-night the indica
tions are that fully 2000 men will have
been engaged by to-raorrow night. -
It is the intention of the packers to
house the men in the plants. Ware
houses are being fitted with permanent
kitchens, bunks, etc., to accommodate
a total of L550 men, who. it Is claimed
by the packers, will be inside the
plants on Monday morning.
The strikers met at their various
union headquarters during the after
noon and night and listened to ad
dresses by their leaders, in which the
general strike, which seems already a
fixed programme for Monday, was the
only topic discussed.
Chief of Police O'Neill has sent in
calls for men from every precinct in
Chicago to report at the stockyards
station to-morrow to get acquainted
with the surroundings. Chief O'Neill
said to-night that the whole police
force of Chicago would be at the call
of the etockyards district on Monday
and that peace would be maintained at
any price.
Although the strikers were greatly
excited over the unsuccessful efforts to
settle the strike, there was little vio
lence throughout the district. The re
ceipts to-day were the lightest in the
and allied trades, and we stand ready
on our part to see that it is carried
cut/'
This reply is signed by representa
tives of Armour & Co., Swift & Co.,
Nelson. Morris & Co., Schwarz
chlld & Sulzberger, National Packing
Company, LSbby, McNeil and Libby
and the Cudahy Company.
LOXG STRUGGLE EXPECTED.
At Michigan City it was still a pas
senger, though seemingly beating Its
way. It was under the car bed at
Kalamazoo. The rooster hopped off
the truck at Union Station here and
admirers made a race for It, and now
It will be placed on a poultry bench
in Michigan's big show as an example
of real unadulterated Chicago grit.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., July 23.—
A Chicago rooster will be exhibited at
the "West Michigan State Fair, which
opens In this city on September 19. as
the result of unusual circumstances.
It went to roost on the trucks of a
Grand Rapids and Indiana passenger
train. Some of the passengers saw the
rooster take its perch at Grand Cross
ing and it hung on while the train
was getting under headway.
Grand Rapids Will Display a Fowl
as an Example of Chi
cago Nerve.
BRAKE-RIDIXG ROOSTER
WILL BE EXHIBITED
COTTON STRIKE
IS INEVITABLE
ALL STOCKYARDS HEN TO STRIKE
Continued From Page 21, Column 1.
RETIRED ARMY
VETERAN DIES
FROM INJURY
WELL KNOWN
CLUB WOMAN
PASSES AWAY
history of the stockyards, consisting of
only 400 cattle, 8000 hogs and 3000
sheep. The reduction was due to the
action of the commission men, warning
shippers to keep stock at home until the
strike shall have been settled. Nearly
all the livestock that came yesterday
was hurried out of the yards last night
and Bent to outside plants to be slaugh
tered.
MASKED THUG
ROBS SALOON
On his way West Mr. Kruttschnitt
stopped at Imperial, Cal., which i3 the
end of the new branch line starting at
Old Beach, commonly known a3 *'it»
Inter-California Railway. It will ex
tend from Imperial southward to
Calexico. on the Mexican line, and will
pass through the 4,000.000 acres of
farms owned by Harriman. Eventu
ally the new line will be built stlli
farther south into Lower California,
where the Harriman syndicate has- al
ready secured valuable concessions
from the Mexican Government. Di
rector Kruttschnitt expects to remain
here several days and possibly longer.
Julius Kruttachnitt, director of
maintenance and operations of the
Harrlman lines, who Is making a tour
of inspection of all the properties of
the big railroad syndicate, arrived
from Chicago yesterday in his private
car. He came to this city by way of
the southern route and was accom
panied north from Los Angeles by
General Manager Markham of the
company's Pacific system; J. IL Wal
lace, engineer of maintenance of way;
A. E. Roome, superintendent of tele
graph, and J. C. Wilder, superintend
ent of the coast division.
President E. U. Harriman's Chief
Assistant Making a Thorough In
spection of the System.
DIRECTOR KRUTTSCHXITT
IS HERE FROM CHICAGO
The signers are Vice President Corn
ish and the following of the directors:
Wlnslow S. Pierce, Maxwell H. Schlff.
D. O. Mills, James Speyer, Charles H.
Tweed, H. E. Huntlngton and A, K.
Vandeventer.
The decision was reached at the an
nual meeting to issue $100,000,000 of
additional capital stock, but the matter
of issuance is left with the directors.
who, by a resolution, decided to Issue
only $40,000,000 now and the remaining
$60,000,000 as the directors see fit.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 23.—Amend
ed articles of Incorporation were filed
to-day by the Southern Pacific Com
pany* In accordance with the action at
the recent meeting of the stockholders
at Beaumont. The articles state that
"William D. Cornish, the vice president
of the corporation (the president being
absent from the United States) and the
directors have authorized the increase
of the capital stock by $40,000,000 In 400,
000 shares of stock at the par value of
$100 a share. The stock • so Issued is
stated to ba preferred stock, the hold
ers of which are entitled to annual divi
dends not to exceed 7 per cent.
In the event of dissolution the holders
of this preferred stock shall have the
right t6 have their shares redeemed at
par value before any distribution of as
sets is made.
Board • Is Authorized by
Stockholders to Issue $10(V
000,000 Additional Shares
CAPITAL IS IXCEEASED
Sonthern Pacific Company
Files New Articles Under
the Laws of Kentucky
INCORPORATION
TO BE RENEWED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY '24, 1904.
24
IT IS THE OPPORTUNITY
\YE3IAKE THAT MAKES US.
Take the time and oppcrrtnn-
ity to read our EDUCATIOXAli
COLU51X — then write for cata-
logues. .
yEUVA^VERTISE>IEyTS. ¦___
Stop* Itching of the scalp Instantly.
SOING-I GOINGS! GONE!!!
ramc *u are if. lanciM nu tm n. noun rm Human.
Ririlf nfirt f O lirnnimnr I «*•<>' »>Monrulh*!r. But on the other hand.
rJHA/KKIrX nrKrlltlllP °»« *"esi contour of femile (ice lo«» much of Iti
IlLlY UllU V IILIII IUIUL »ttr*ctly*ne»i If tli« hair If K«nty or looks all-
«. -,^_. .._.^ -.. mtm. ifc. «..< ft a--.« ' •a»ed. The dandruff microbe causes dull. briiUt
TW trtctu! Um*i BU im M watrm in. M lattniM j^, Uter aan(!nri r, hchlng scalp
AltrTC UnilCIV fllllTF ITTPlfTIVF «»« taWng hair. Newbrp* HtrvkUt destroys
QUITC HUMLLT— -yUllE AllnAUlllt this enemy of bc.uty «n4 pfrmlti the hair to grow
Tbt i-iwr«" with homely futures will not lack at* as nature Intended. A deilrntfut hair dressing.
tncttwacMU her bead Is crowned wtth an »bund- Olyes wonderful results. Nooilordyt.
0tV.iRt.S1ML Sttl10e,«iBW.UBEEnCIKC0,B«rtB.0iWlincluhri«awli
AgPIiICATIOirS AT PBOMOTEyT BA»BE» SHOPS.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
FOR WOMEN .
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a
record such aa no other reme^r for the
diseases and weaknesses pc^liar to
women ever attained, the proprietors of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now"
feel fully warranted in offering to p*y
$500 in legal money of the United
States, for any case of Leucorrhea, Fe-
male Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb which thev cannot cure. Ail
they ask is a fair and reasonable trial of
their means of cure. •
The Vlce-PraBident Independent Crizr
of GoodWTcajplars.
: An experience -which many women bar- trm
related by Miss Agnes Stebbings. of 331 East
1 «oth Street. New York City, as follow*: "I
! had very poor health for "a year until life
looked dari and dreary t.-> nt. Hvl bead-
1 acbes, backache, also pain, my sleep was
broken and fitful. I longed for health. Tried
•eTeral medicines bat none were of any tast-
ing benefit until I toot Doctor Pierce'* Fa-
vorite Prescription. I . toon realised that X
had found the right remedy. It helped nature
to throw off the poisons that saturated the
system, removed all pains and strengthened
the digestive organs, and bronsrht the roses ot
health back, to my cheeks. This medicine if
takes occasionally'keeps the system in perfect
condition, helping It to throw off the disease
and consequences of exposure to dampness. Z
am pleased to give it m y endorsement."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sentyfcr* on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper-covered boqk,
or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound. Ad-
dress Dr. IL V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y»
' ' ' ¦ -•••¦•¦--•-- • - "advertisements. ' ' ¦ "- —>'¦¦'.. • •¦ •¦ - <. - ¦ ¦ - ' ¦'
Hi ? to say that never before has there been a cut like this in these grades of carpets. The B^rr^^^Si n
f>ilWM' l^Mmi reason is this: The builders have begun adding several more stories on the top of our store. To do this they § rMP^ShI Ik
Pffi$k iave *° cu^" t nrou &h every floor and brace the walls. And we in turn have to move every one of the three j|JiM
jjjif J/MfczS thousand rolls of carpet off the floor to keep them from being ruined.' It is cheaper to put it into your homes fefjiyi .-iWmi^
H&t\ r®C w# * n *"° ren^ an °t ner warehouse and move them twice. And all on small deposits and easy payments if you wish. V ; ; |HK ]v
\^& H>) Brussels rugs LACE CURTAINS PORTIERES I 9| Bm)
"2JB 1^ Mad, of reversible Brussels. ARABIAN CURTAINS i^SSh^^ J^S? RFpD DODTIFRFS The most stylish now in J|s^%k
sf? '* i*S / L»|> Sec 27 by 54 inches. 100 of !on - Tapestry, lace and corded effects. $3.00, $3.50 and $4 Jfo 1 *^*-**^ 3?UK. 1 ll^i\L-..J uss . They are 50 inches P-M
Wr I|B .|/ Vwlbk * them, while thev last for values, all per pair, \JJi«*/VF wide :by 'three yards long. They are made with solid ground with Sal \xM-*-XttEBr
r ..^-Wf|^^- -WFrr? •.*«-"*, 7 T"*i2 at A Tv A T\T A KT r.,t.in. *U1 JnrfiM -ailA* hv 1 ,,,.,1 i aa effective border down the sides and across one end. The colors AmH / twiKttnKjMP
_mZT^__jt3^ about on£ - thIrd C?A^ REAL ARABIAN %£?%?£ £\ *ZitZ&nZjJ"& e l Zl' •»f«rv eJ < u, d t fk b L ue an f oUv r a!I w4l ;hadtt - You SfflftCZZl:
/@S2SSS3SS^ h t th ds fc^g jp M AQtoincttc and Arabian dcsiKns workcd In half Inch flk « fX « J™» n o d n °*° */, 3> * r * ie portieres a he -marked fij <| «7 £J
Qgr CQSt * I/VV braid and with hand-made motifs, /our choice of five styles, J^ 5. J| 5 paJ values, cut wSe they S to . V^« '
hdttskft c oiTrs: $22.50 values, size 9xJ2 A Fe w Furniture Cuts to Illustrate Values OivOur Big Department* of Six Floors
BKUMELS KUtO feet. Not reversible. This"- . " . fi
TADF^TDV DRTK^FT R^uiar soc stock. A car- j^^^^S^^M'j %WMMi\ W^Mji M'\ nri |j^^^^HiiiiS:v: [f
iAPEMkY HKUMELi pct that finds its pin m^^^^^^m w&MM\ l A ## # \t ! \ B m^§m^^^"^w
way into nearly every home that is made. This week «^ /> j 1 fe^-^^ji Vi '# ,../// fi I \\ ft (' jgg M 1 H S^Si^ '. -¦ N"
you save 25c the yard on it. Tapestry Brussels not laid %J tJ V rf^&^S^^^gfejfl| J.lfegi^jj|& jj | ffl ?g \ I V\ L r \ ;
T TNnT FUMS «c values, cut 30c All new patterns and [^^^^^^^2=^^^" I frl , A I f®^^ I N^^I^^^R^' !»
LUNULEUi*^ a lar?e selection to choose from. « pi Sf Wjj Ln^^O fl 1^^^^^®^^ 1
Made of the best pulverized cork and linseed oil. Lino- *^ f* ; fi^jri 3 , _^- -^. :--sgr, J . '¦ MS/ '<#P • I fpk2£3£C§K?^f : afca£r^»^^i^&? ¦{, \jxa
leums, this week, not laid O%J%^ $ fj^g p% 'Igg%pp3il[ j^^-.^Pf (/ ~l|" :!;:^^^yp'
%[ fcf^|lrp&' 1 " FOLDING-BED— Like cut Front can be easily
DlYf TCCpT C Regular $M0 values Cut 23c the yard. An . r ' 8 draped with a nice portiere cloth. Made of
UKVJJLLJ elegant carpet in elegant designs and any num- * — *— MIRRORS — Framed in EASELS-In whitcgold nicely polished pine. Regular M on
ber to Choose from. Small rich patterns On deep-shaded £\ W-i BFDROQM WT Th™. „!,„. ~» ~1H«« «.. I. I f o»sn *>Hen oak or dhrcr mold- ««» enamel frames. To 9W.W value tor >PI«QJ
j oj < 1 j i» L*. *. %J J •¦* BtDR.OOM 5tT— 1 hree piece set, selling regularly for 528.50. ; . , . , . , ~ close out the whole I
grounds. Reds, greens, wood colors and light tans. J* If* Made of hard white ash. Bureau has large bevel plate glass. la * SJ beveled plate -glass. |£ e $3> $ c 4 and >^?tev
The yard, sewed, lined and laid Vtt . "Whole set is nicely polished. Cifl *7C Regular $5 vai- fl«-| QC 55 va i_ q%* ftp y^^^TTmf^^-^
This week jUV./J ues. cut to . . »P * *" J ues for $1. Vj /K®3\|y^H!\
ROTW HRUSSFT S Rc ? ular $J«65 values, cut 45c. Cash- The Quick Meal Steel Range Is the Only Advance in Stove Making for a Hundred Years V)^S&^g^^W sZ^Qt^
**\JU 1 ai\ \J iJLJLaLiLJ m eres, floral designs and rare Orient- . Itis thc onl y ran e e that shows more the use of brains than of hammers. It is asbestos lined; itthrows the heat t^^^^S^^r\
als. Everv fine harmonv in caroet colorinc w« jfH A rf2k 0k. * Q> not out ' anc * coo^ s tllc f°°^ aQ d no * '^ e cook. It has expansion tubes that keep the heated sides' and oven from A HL &., _i^R ; J^'TJ&t /ZtC~~£4[ $ fol*^£\
carpets as for the carpets themselves. The yd, laid iJplLeLmt \Jr /^""^^ttatf® • I l !Ml'H f- "^x^/S^^Ij L£*?!&ffl/
AXMINSTERS R^^^lOOvalues cut .4 \W "^^^^JQ^K\S^^ fc^ XftfX ' W^l
highest grade carpets made. You can't equal them in the "West. m » . • . . . . ¦ ¦ . >.
We send men to the carpet centers of the world to tfH«4 #^^1 uthf PRTTniT HnTTQF" '^'^'^-'^'^CS-'^'^T' I=>rf^iCinP ct* . . Sr-
study them for weeks before choosing. This week, *L1 V"^ THii tKbDll tlUUbb -Z^S 237 I-C->5=>1 5=>T. BRASS BED-Made of solid bra^ beautifully lacquered.
laid Jp&oUhJ The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast hS^^^MWM^^: $70.00THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
25
it Clean-up Sale Clean-up Safe Wo Your protection — our money-back guarantee Extra Sample Line Clean-up Sale g
i Men's Shirts, etc. Spoons, Forks, etc. pnoes ooiivory Men's $3.50 Shoes Boys' Shirts *
J Men's Golf Shirts — the season's Ro r« Bros. -1847- xn sectional and Quoted mB/am B^ ' * B '¦' ¦" FaollHlas o~s- *** Jit: Boys' Stiff Bosom 5
V newest and Litest patterns, ed Spoon, and Fo:ks in fancy Areforthciimcthis H^gfal^k mT Mfflj^g^&^gffiMSB&&B A"* <*tr* sales- Fair$*.V3 Shirts - the balance of 5
v striped, dotted and fibred »,. 65 ,nd sets of 6 te.spcons, .^anSttl 7a"t if B B B 93? m^a 3 0 S M^ M& M M Mfil B B B The new fall styles, no two several bi 2 lots of 75c and s
\ eflects.in great variety, 51^0 for ••••••• ; • J 1 -?® New items will be — mm 43** m event. We shall do pairs alike, both high and 51.00 percale and madras 'J
v values, marked to close, 55c Js-oo and f 4 oo Stu of 6 dessert spoons add,d from day to ¦ ff^Bi H ******** MM* Ml E$ JFMB4 s&**x S *Gr*L all in our power to lmv ruU \ n i.\A, r n<&M* shuts, in stripes 'and figured ;<«
J. Mtn's B £ ibri g - 2 n Underwear -medium . If'c.' ;, I : 52i/ f day as the lines ad- S *Z B £&& SB BUI JRT ffl M fitS deliver the goeds l0W cUtS ' m kldS ' russeti > effects marked to close '5
£• «i.:hr, W eu*n,.o>, «ro,, g ani durab-e, . 4 5- ' 5 < 4 .c= S-, ot 6 tab.e spoony • vert i se d arc sold V^$ B WS &BB W *Mp EpSf $£& B EiF promptly on the patent colt and calf leathers— eneci.:*, markeu io uo*e
i' r-,e 3 J t UCS> r " J;ed f ° r th " $5 %o p " Fhh Se'tl^th* 5;. sV for :: ,$2.35 °^ / *v tk* are sold. s iz e 7 only, at a saying of B '^sii'ffB''' m shLtri
i M^s^nd^r^ni^f,^ |SfS^o^S^^ Beginning Monday and until further notice. °^«™~™*™^ %
I 55C^^^r^r /9 ° ?5^^ a ;;^^; g7c Su^ lus stpeks/broken jlf p|| odd lots ar^ a number of delayed shipments of sum 7^1^^$^5 |
g ' — . mer goods are marked at new prices to clear them out in a week s time if possible. The t , .*
$ Gfean-up Safe Chfftfren's and • sale embraces almost every merchandise.department in the big store, and includes nearly ' Glean-up Sale Ribbons : 5
5 Mi*s<zr*«t' <Zkn0*c: 7Qn in Gl 2? everything needed in the"hom2 or for personal use. Something for everybody. ' _ . . . . _ . t _ :«
j? twtiSSeS &noeS, JVC SO &M.<Z*$ j <=« o -^ Prettv, hemsutchsd Dresden fancy ribbons— i inch wide, suitable J*
Sf To clean up a lot of odds and ends — about 20 different styles— Costs and previous selling prices have not been considered in making the for the htir tnd f * nc y work » * 2 H C vaiue » marked for tie clean-op J
J! all up to date, but not all sizes in every style, we mark our : ~ '¦ ~~~ ; \ sale, yd Am S
J fj.iS, j:.oo, *i.95 and $1.75 vici kM and box calf lace shoes, some with light "clean-up sale " reductions. Will these sell at once, at 5c. 50c or $50. as the ., ¦ jj
% aues, othe:! with hea%y extension soles and spring heels, ————___————— . tSMOy RlbbOttS — 4 tn^ 4j^ inches Wide, On white ground, in jf
Jf «i/ts 11 to 2, per F »ir, $1.23 case may be, was the thought that influenced our manager when he made stripes and Dresden combinations for neck bows, sashes and millinery 5
*• , " ,. ii«s«^ toil, per pair. 9ffo .,.,,.. A ... s . . purposes, worth 3 cc the yard, marked for the clean-up sale . f fi A X
%' Ji. 65 and $1.50 l.nts mi«e« v:ci kii shoes, with patent leather and some with kid tips, these startling CUtS in prices. * f f ' 3) J > *-•" «f •••<=.. gffC m %
V header l: ? ht ( ol=s, .Uo b.x calf la« shoes Satttt UbOrty RlbbOHS—^ »oHd colors— delicate pinks and $
** EJitJiiI v'ii 79C This advertisement contains only a small part of the bargain news for the last week in July; but the few items we are able to blues, navy, cardinal, biack, white, yellow, old rose and purple .«
i The Wemtn's $3.50 to $5.00 shoes, 'broke^ lin«, sixes 3, 3 y; and 4. only, now ? er advertise will give you an idea of the savings to be made. Most of the goods on sale in their departments. well worth 55c and 60c yard, clean-op sale pric 28c $
J. v™ St.78 Watch our ads this week. Sales TABLE, MAIN aisle. ¦?
$ — i : — : • '$
* Miscellaneous ?*§S$ Ctean-up Sale Dresses, Shirt Waist Suits, Skirts, Waists au e2£Z 5 ciean-up safe %
I ean " Up Bar 9 a ns Choose now from the season's best productions at clean-up prices in many instances less than half the original prices i . Handkerchiefs jj
•J Af <ga 3T<r Tailor Suits— all wool fkney mUtures, and solid color j At &12.FZO SIIIt Shirt Wllst Dresiei— of ' soft taffetas and At B9O Wash Waists— orlftaally sold itom 75c to I1.75 each, per- WoBM .. wh !,! k,^^! *
* Cart of C. B. U.ntH., Cotton. **€&&.*& blues and brown S good style, that were |i 1.00, >«. S o #lr **^ -Ot/ charming foulard,, drenes that would be exceedingly "^ caks, Uwn. and a tew fine whk.n«ar«, fine value, erery one c^ i^ Uch ' •*
-J 1 taa colored Crochet Trfimnlntr Button.. and Jn «o cheap at »2O 00 and fa 5. 00. of them at the original prices. , .embroidered corners, 10c to «Kc— X
X Gilt aafl eetorea Trtasnlac Bsmlda. lo yd. -/"lil 3 '^!' T ., e u / • , li f qualities, for the dcan-up sate ... OC J
Carf-f Snap Hook, and Eyea, At $9.75 Ta'Ior Suits -fancy m.xtures, norelty woolen, black Wal*l Dimaaaa t>4 HaU OthOI* Wash WalatS *t 78O, 88O, 95O, $1.25 Women's white, hemstitched handkerchief*, 5
S 2 for 5C 111 oandi- o" "^ ilpl " 8 ' that - WCrC f0rmCny IOM " |I7 - S °' SMrt WalSt UreSSBS at Half $t.5O embroidered corners, 15c to iSc^ J»
.X m * l !-il! r n -JL° O *t •• n u u . • v • ' t, . ¦ a In dainty percales,' Oxfords and fine linens, marked now, right in the height MS 4O e And 58c and 78c— Wash SMrts— polka dot, duck, bluo raluej, c!ean-up sale price. . . . OC •*
* A^orfd :ot Baek a«d Side Comb.. At $11.75 Tailor Drems-Uaek eUmme, Eton jseket But,, and 9 f just half the regular prices. Remember these are the M * *** G and white or black and whhe. . Women's piain, white hemsrirchrd and hem- ft
X epoon ccr..^ Eusk,-<lra»» color. ,,., »»;/"« <=><»^«. Eton or jaeket auitt, that were re f u- chd^t alyle. that were shown in Sin Franeiico this remmer. ¦ M . *.**** w K «i- 4 f »,• • /ut stitched colored border handkerchief £
\ G*ir« Co^en EUrt supporters lar.y marked Si 6. 50. $20.00 and Jz 5 .oo. J SI .28 Wash SWrts- made of whit, p^ue, nary ana black, regularij 2Cc and iec each clean- «
i Swck cc:iari. various «^es. ««3rted. Af&i/l QQ Tailor Suits— tome wonderful valuM in this lot— not Were $6.00 $6.50 *7-5° $t*S° lu.oo *2«.oo polka doc Russian duck, and cot^n cberiots, In desirable upS al C price ' 15C X
X Af 3~ *P*-ra%*** many suits, but every om a choice style— tke former mixtures, also a few fine linen skirts. ' , ..' *." * ' ' * J_ ' x
I Tr'rrm:^ B»l« w«,h up to 8o yrd. In were Jzo.oo, |zi. S o, 1,3.50, $a6. 5 o, and three and four of MOW $3.00 $3.25 S3.75 $6.25 $7.6O $12.50 At $1.68 , A><#rt « <l W " h v Skirts-whit, p'que, natural color Ua fine and Tu7 ,7^ ?
M • them were f 10.00. ... Lnen. hnen crash and norelty mixtures, perfectly cut, ),,„.-•. .n ;„;«; t. t j .u c "m
I cE\ZLr%Zu~. -—«*«— At $1O.6O ™ Shirt W - W Dre,se,-d.U y ed.hi P menu fr om 5/.5S ' f * ' S£>S^ ' 'TSL^g |
* in Lplav-wcrtb up to 25c yard. *** &MU.UU y<)rk .^ ;n _ s<jft and number that regularly sold at *2. 5 o each. . pjne Sk|ftj _ attde of Mmrtl jj^ and 6 for $1.00 $
%' ma cz n changeable and solid colors and mixtures in blue, brown, green, black and Mf 9Oa Wash Waists— pretty percales and Ind'a lawn?, stripes and norclty washib'.e fabrics, orijiniUy priced at more than }.l US AISLE X
1>* ** white— made to tell at I15.00, I16.50 and J18.50. •#•#¦* polka dot effects, regulx rly up to 65c each. couble the sale price < * Jf
k Small lot yard Belt!=*. L__l_— - — •-
I HTirr: School Books, School tf|l SOO Only, Boys' School Suits g£° 1
s ---.£"——— Stationery antl Supplies zWm$&^ to be sold at $2.00 0M$£$M^y^ I
* The Castle tnd Goff's Trimming' Braids — *^ ¦ • "^vi . BfRvVSAvi "^a * mww «»# •» *r» * •¦!. t. m» i •*
tf wack. whive mj coicrs-i2 and 24 yard Everything that will be required during the com- r ***'~^^^'W^v\^A size*-? to is years) suk, chemiie and ve!v« dot3 and x
X piece* fcr 6c. fprm h\rcrhnlorc in Uia Priman; CWommnr n^A A^^^^^^^mi\\^\\l^ Made in the double-breasted Style from durable cheviots, in the new plaids neatly bordered, with French gauze 5
* TVid^ Trimmins Braids, original, up to 25c IU2, icnTl DV SCUOlcirS m lllC iTirnarV, vjramnicir and A J^Z^T^^^f^K XsZZiS^J*** j • ±. t. j i • i wi j ., i -jll... .„_.,,. '-JU- t v '3
* ,-are- perfect and «ood color assortment; ui\ ckJ. ~~A<~t j rtnt( , ,-„ f L A «, j: .« ,, AM^MmN^^ and mixtures, in brown and gray colorings, also navy blue and black; ribbons, some are so.id black, others x
I * - >- d - Hl S h Schools and Students in the Medical Colleges, /¦/Jxy&¥¥^^^^^' also some Norfolk suits in navy blue, all have good linings, the seams «H white, and others black and $
K ?ir^ P ple r ce» 1 1or a Sl Trim " On Sale in OUr Special SchOOl BOOk and Supply De- /'$/Y W^J %\ WwBS?$rtft\ are strongly stwn and taped— excellent school suits worth almost double; but the boys wearing them white; instead of 75c and $1.00 5
}. Thi"«» 5 c kind Kmbroidered Overcollar.. n-ir f mPnt On TTmn floor Denartmcnf* nrirr* MK/ Nd( /^^i^^WVM^/X and the highly pleased parents recommendins cur boys* dothinj to their friends cacD , -_ {
>. :r.Kni2n stocks that were up to 23c each. P dl •."•CIU On ITliin IlOOr, at UCpOrimeni MOrC priCCS. LaVlX /?V^^>- t< BlTO-VA constitute an arm» of advertisers for the boys' clothing department that it is #1/} 1. * , . *» 5
J. Fancy Collars ar.d Embroidered String: ¦ . good to have, and so we wiU sell these school suit, on Monday for Clew-np sale price ....O**«r *
f ' 7c All of the State series of School Text (T\ _^ \MT^^\\ <Scb hM^ a Watch Free — „ o |
t r^ w. dth — me.. Books, Medical Books, Dictionaries, Note li^S^n JSSm wiih An y Other Boy's Suit Cfean-Up Sate *
% Z r n r^i y >Zt?» o c i^-7c orisla * nir Books, Spelling Blanks, Slates, Blotters, ~J^1 fe^S=^M\ , / or T%V? 18 year ! iC 6 "^ w^ IU^> unta lurthsr aotiee - a Aaenca nickd. BfSQS2 P S SiiHs v
J tip 1 D 1 Cf I K R * j , flcn l^ "g\'\ *—^7^^^^^-^. plated watch, full size, open face, excellent cms-keeper. mi/nt*jrmn *j# <vs«aiio
*: Embr«jJercd" f CoUar*. lace and chiCoa ef- TearOf the regular BOOk SCCtlOn. *C\ I* 1 ' : ' y»i--^* Jk <i-^^^^S regular 75C kind, at • " 5OC To m^ e f°om for th« ne^r fall and .J
*. xectt. «. . »^«^w^ winter stock and to make a final —
£ ""¦¦ "^ — 1— — ¦ clearance of all broken lines and left-
j -- r ~r™--- Wasn Goods and Domestic Clean-up Dress Goods and Silks Clean-up £S«°pp^^S: |
j; ffilSft^^5iJ»'SS.^^^ Some very large quantities, others more limited, to clear up all odd All small lots, all exclusive summer novelties and many staple [^J* 11 and Wlnter wear W9 mark 5
I notion department. surplus lots in this department and make ready for the fall business, silk and wool fabrics are included in the great offering beginning Half Price |
i Leather Goods ReaI vaIues and cost ignored, as the following quotations amply, testify. Monday. '^Sm^SSS^ *gM* %
K f+i**~m* BMmm Cifti Organdy in fancy weaves, 1 Figured I oc and I2^c Flan- t - . A large assortment of fine "J Tine lot of French No vtltyi some styles. -J
V Glean-Up Oa/e • f , • , • imported novelty dress All at Dress Fabrics, b all the All at $10.00 Black Clay Frock Suits.. $3.00 '?
*. ,-. * , o i j- • j • • • the 25c kind, new . . ¦. „ , T fabrics, consisting of Lace latest colorinp and . $10.00 Mixed Sack Suits 3S.0O %
J. Chatelaine Bags -ladies" and misses* gran Fa!1 C h a m c All at ««•• . ... . •• All ttt Etamines, Canvas Voiles, BOWA^^ wea,e,, consi.ting of Silt ,^ i«^ 512.50 Black Clay Frock Suits. .86.25 ;?
l-^^rta^^SlSSr warning. .... Damask Toweling __ London Cord, Crepe de ££[ S3* &* & -^ Ray Crepe, Hand- . gj «^ ""g gggd Sack Suits. |6JS ;
feathers, now redaced for the cUan-u? sale. B , T{ zfJ/ttS BBSff P"«. Etamines, j flffi^ » mSm embroidered Voile, Crepe MT^ BjB S SIROO Black Cheviot »! B. Sulti.»7JO "5
$ coc t3 75c values 3SC - ,c\vc.l known 1 issues .. rar fifM Standard 8 Ginphams - Kfc Camels' Hair fabrics, de Paris, Puin Voile and W $15.00 Blue Sersre Sack Suits. .. .57^50 n
J M.cotoji.35 value. . !.72O Anccr.on's imported Ox. M Mm " . . Jgrja «ra plain French Voih, etc.; Melange colorinp and $15.00 Mixed Sack Su.ts §7^0 >J
£ ti.75"S2.o3T4lues. ¦ -9ffC fords U ££S3 GoO( j Unbleached Muslins. H^ values up to f 1.00 the rff/'flf. Eumiues, etc.; values up Yard. Overcoats Half PHCO "J
I JS.cotoJio.covaues..53.95 40c Bourette Fancy Chev- >^ J to S the yard . . . J . A small lot of them In sizes 40 to >[
* Imported Coin Purses — women's and m;n'$, io:s. Striped Oxford Yard. iviaaras in so.ia coiors . . .. 1 ara. Dress Goods Worth Up to 50c — Consisting of strictly All-Wool Black Eumine Canvas, Colored 46 — black and gray worsted cheviots, jj
X ta\ rcorocco, buckskin and alligator, Waistings J Checked Glass Linens .... I Cheviots and novc.ty effects, nice, desirable goods, marked for the clean-up sale ... 2Sn 8Ome of them silk llne(J — this Is tba "j
%' marked tor the clean-up sale: ( ## f •¦•#¦# large man's bargain opportunity. •»
£ 25c and ; 5 c values . . . . tBo Bleached Muilin— yard «idt, a good mike that you will like, yd 6 1-4o Imported Enjlish Mohair Sicilians— 4 8 Inchc « wde » comprising co.ors black, brown, gun metal, jio.oo Gray coats, now $3.00 5
k- 50c to J1.S5 valuM 39c Lonsdale ambric-b-.st mak : , ticketed; »^e ' luki; yd / #0O reseda and cream, actual value 75c the yard, clean-up itle price . . 40O J}|;So Gmy^SSf'nowT: '.::::: iSio ?
J Ladies' Combination Purse and Card Case Fine Long Cloth— vard wide, the $1.50 a piece kind, 12 yds for . . .$1.08 Black Tallcta Silk — 1 9 inches wide, all pure silk and good value for 60c the yard, clean-up sale $20.00 Black Coats, now $10.00 X
* — gra:n leadj-r. seal, morocco and a high p e q uo t Sheets— for double beds, 81x90 incht«, each sheet ticketed Pequot, each . 67 1-2O price 37 C All Broken LInCS Goats )g
trade walrus, marked fcr the clean-up me: p e<Juot sheets— for single beds— th; 54x90 inch size, each 44-O 1S00 Yards Foulard SHK — A fine surah twill, very strong and lustrous, colors chiefly in navv and and Vests at Half PricOm •*
JI *5«. 35°! 5 OC v * luM • • • IBO BJczchtd Sheeting— for ? 4 ' btds, 63 inchu wide, yd §7 O ncvv bronze brown combinations, sold everywhere at 75c the yard, clean-up sale price . 37c Think of getting a splendid black X
I \\ C To^V^^::.$UW P.How Caws-bleached, heavy, 45x36 inches in-ead of ,z^ c each , . . 8 O 2000 Yards White Corded Wash Silks -All white, the best quality, very scarce, washes perfectly. g^ggg^J^SSSSSS X
K $ I co ro 55 00 values .$2. fit Pillow Casss— hemstitched, and smill lots of extra heavy plain ones, all 45x36 inches, each fOo value 50c the yard, ciean-up sale price 37O $7 50 Coats and Vests $3.73 -5
I .VAIN AISLE. i SALES TABLES MAIN AISLE. . . y SALE IN DEPARTMENT. • ,fda - » "• Ir'H *
x *
I Clean-Up Sale House-Furnishings Clean-Up Sale Single Crockery Department Ciean-up Sale |
I /^%k <^=S^P\ " • I^^^31 Pieces and Sets Furniture ' <^^\
J- JL-^:-Jt$ .^ l^nr^iQ (S\ jfflSh I^^^S $27.50 Hardwood Bed and Dresser, for $18.90. ' < v3pfl\ liTfflll " fS($£i * 5 "VS : *
* * — sff LSSa-^ **^_L_t-^ «<BC— v/^ tiO V7 $15.00 Weathered Oak Leather Seat Rockers for $9.65. .. <1LJ2 VjT^ <i25 Xd^-^ g
*' d ».• < a 1 Bake Pan— enameled, W..L R fti i,_ l.,™ Lap Boards — pap'er ... . c t,r . ' $7-5° Golden Oak or Imitation Mahogany Arm Rockers — some with c , , _ , _.. _ . g
g Potts Sad Ircm-co^- ,-j^^^-;^ W«h Boiler- h-.avv Vood Frame Wnnger Cobbler scat, some upholstered scat, $3.65. 20c decorated 75c decorated Dinner Set-Rxh dark blue Decorate^ China Cake *
*» pletc set as in picture, _, c . ' ix tin, copptr bottom, slight:)- damaged by. —10 inch rubier roll- $3-50 .Rattan Sewing Rocker, $1.98. cllifia Cream China ChoCO* Oriental deugn, s^mi-parcelain, *•- j«
Jf < .• 4, -, "' '* U ' ,,.Mi,ri^ i),« „», p^o-r sticking to var- ... . # . $50.00 Twin Beds, hard woods, for $34.00. nirrhprq for Hfp nnf<; fnr 1 00 pieces for 12 persons, clean- §° C !2i o« *
§ re X u.ax. r |,.* 5l ro a S rin 2 ; regu'arV r eS alarly #,.50, «a!e P. I er, h.gh grade $2.50 $ 23 . S o Golden Oak Extension T 5 blc Tjedcstal), $16.85. Plti.hers.tor. late P OtS, tor . P SI175 S S e' If 2 £ £
», for. 73c rector. . . 46c P"«. . . . 89o to c!o Se . . .36c a-ude. for.. $#.69 $27.00 Golden Oak Extension Table (pedestal), $19.50. * UG • • •• • *OC PP .*u.so 6 5 e sty.e . 33O ". J
I 9StSfM£E^^b*^S?^MW SSfcSHiSSGt* '# " PP " " !dC '"' OttO '" > gS'*S Oak illil Tab!?: Tare igg £& here ar S some more pieces of this handsomely decorated Carlsbad China w are, i
I ,u 5 Hed i c iM Ch u! -H iri . C o i ,;i,h,. > dc. . .7SO S?^? f»» ;|fe!$o!a^|ari^l^S^^ii which we have not space to illustrate and can only briefly describe. |
* «L00 Spice Cab : nets — Ha:d»oDd, fitted with labeled - , 9 OC i «J Mlt *. !ze i » or 76O S98.50 Buffet, combined witli China Cabinet, $64.00. - Fruit or Sauce Plates— dtcora ed Carhbad China: Fancy Decorated China Mujs— jj
If drawer. 6SC ) 1.00 + quart ize, for . . . . 82o $52.50 Leaded Glass China Cabinet Buffet, $33.25. uas f 1.50 dozen-set of 6, for .: ... . 4. So was 15c each, clean-up price . . • • Oo X
* $L00 Carving Sets— Knife, fork and stee', in box . 67c 25c Papier Mache Trays— Imported star pattern . . t4c $".50 Forest Green Oak Lenther Scat Chain $7.25. was $1 80 doten— s-t of 6 for BOC ' WM a S e cach » P« ce 12o J
i 25c Bread Knivts-For the dean-up ta'e t2o =cc Ideal bread pans 1Qo Other Chairs, Settees and Rockers in same finish (fo rcst green) * ' ' ** " * 50c Decorated China Sugar Bowls . ... . ./So x
* . , , , . ,, , e . JZ _ D 1 d ir - n- ' • • kuv that were $8.50 to S^OO each, now marked $5.40 to $16.85. was Jz. 40 dozen -s;t of 6, for 6SO 20c Decorated China Olive or Bon-Boa dunes .. f#C *
ft . scinch enameled r Jly cake pan, to . ..fOo Z5C German Poplar Rolhn S P,ns . /Op $2 4 .00 Forest Green Oak T^blc, $l6.I 5 . Pl.te-decor.ted G, .1.4 China: . . 5 oc Came, Bb q ue, Raiud E S ure, tinted Bon-Boa *
* rsc 10.ir.ch enameled jelly cake pans f:r .... . 1Qo 25c R:navor Cleaning F luid-Hoj^diamng, carpets, etc. $7.50 Forest Green Oak Tabourettc, $4.90. was «i 80 a dor-n-sct of 6 RAr> * Boxe * * * " 23 ° X
J roccar.ch feather dasltr, naaU r« 5© fOo Golden Oak Rush Seat Chairs, Rockers and Settees, regularly $12.50 ** ." .,' Teacups and Saucers— richly decorated China: x
K QAIPlvnuPADTMPVT to $2 7 . 5 O. now $9.15 tn $i6.QO. '" was a dozen-set of 6 72c were Jz^o a dozen, set of 6 for .GOCX
*g bALfc iis ULfAKlMt-M. Weathered Oak Leather Seat Settees, Rockers and Chairs, regular- «•« 53.00 a dozen -set of 6 SOo were 14.50 a dozen, a-.t of 6 for $1.35
5 __ _ _ .__ _ . -.. mm m- m * 'y 5i2-75 to $25.00, now $9.15 to $16.90. ¦ X
*¦ Glean-up Safe Women's and Children's uso Golden oak and imitation Mahogany center Tables. $2.89. r~ rrr rz ZZ71 ZTZ 71 . 1
I Musnn^r .CHiUren's Hats, O^ren's Dresses : l^l^^^g§ SSJfSSSlL: |
5 All LOtS and UOOdS iVlUSSea Or $32-50 Golden Oak and Mahogany Dressers, very elegant. $21.60. A ha fprlc- sals of Oriental upholstery goods, printed and embroidered (Monday and Tuosday) J
X ~ .. . . r.. . v . ir $6.00 White Iron Beds, full and three-quarter sizes, $3.85. fabrics, for curtains, couch covers, mantel' drapes, table covers, sofa cushions, Hams—Our best Eastern for the 3i
V Soiled in Displays — INOW half price S12.00 Golden Oak Dresser (small but good) $8.40. cozy eornerI> , ho ma:kj and , ' hral , fcr J ' C3rner ,. nal^ VUT Dest eastern ,1 or me
X ; ~ * ; $13.50 Morris Chair, golden oak, high class, $8.45. . ' ¦ . V ¦_ f * . , ';••;,> --^ two days only, pound. 73 J4C X
» u'a-,,,'1 <- -, .. <_ .„ ¦ . „! v::«i,* r«., . d# O«r «<• *•» •»<? ¦ si. 50 Cushion Coverj — for th: cl:an-up;a'= 75C _ r» ,, , ., . . X
i wS^^s^^^fS0^S£rT. \.. : :.i</::v:y; : £7te%%£% WMB^ 01^ ii <»»^ \ z L< 0 u o .cou^^Z. . $1.50**5.00 **°*-s™m w^ e or pea. m |
%' Women's «».6 9 t, f 4 .o 3 cambric snd nainsook drawers • • • $1.3 S to S4.OO SALE IN DEPARTMENT, SECOND FLOOR. $6.00 to $8.50 Embroidered skirts for cory corners marked for the efcan-iip POUnOS OUO •
»C women** 5 Sc to « 4 . so corsrt covers -ioo*e or tight fining. . . iQc to $2,26 ¦ - ' ' • ' ' % - sale tj .....;.. $3.00 to $4.25 Italian Olive Oil — Finest imported 5
X Women's Ja.co u J6. 9 g Uwn and cambric petticoats S1.ISU to $3.49 ¦ ¦ ". <«,6b to <"i< 00 Table covers- now . . S4.5O to S7.5O V> gallon tins 98O S
tf Women's Ji.o^ to J4.00 flumeiette gowns -{soied an! mussed) 50O tO S2.VO J9-°° " *»5-<"». *"««>«» now • • • / *+OU MO »f'OU /3 K<UlVll UUb 9OU ,
J Women', Ji. 5 o to ?+ .oo fhnn-e:te pjam,,^(*;ght: y soUcd) \ 7 5O toS2.O'» -.- — " 4 '°° " $1 *°°^ i for "^V^S io *? flO Cudahy ' S ? Soap-17 bars • . •«
J. Women's J..:jt, « 4 . 5 o eiderdown ucqur, -(mussed and ,oilei) 63c to $2.25 #|## OUi* ff-JTQHGtB n ° W ,' ; ••¦•.-. S2.OO tO 37.00 QQ Q *
J. Children's 51- » 5 to f 8. co whredreisrs-on^ and thort &80 to $4,25 *-+** 'TT v" , fl.75 to J3.50 Masks for eo«y corners, now . «7 /-2c #O 5/.7S Corn Meal- Best Eastern yellow lo-poand 5
V; Infant' J I-5" t» J 3 co . on S skirts -s: : ; htiy soiled 7 5 C to $1 .7 5 B2~* -mm « 2*m. m~ NMSMa«sBSv9 Aimor and Spear Heads— formerly |i.oo and $1.75, now Hck , . ' . 25o «
i ChiW. 39 c to J3.50.hoa shirts, uzesit, 3 years 20 O toS1 75 tTGrSi^^ ,¦ MVMUSitn ....... . , ............ 50C and 880 Cuddy's lyt- l-^ni i for .250 5
k' ChjWrens4SctoJi.9gkwna ? ron»- i l ; ghtJymu Jse d , . 23O to 99o ¦•.. W^S&l' I MM M ' ' '« S» h tJ F«tty for pillows and cait»ins, formerly #1.75 »od J2.00 yard, Coffee-Our famous Java and Mocha, pound X
£ Laaies'35ctojf.25ia*n»pron,-.a.htysoiied 18o to 63c l&BBMMS UWtl&rWG&r n0W ' ' ' ' •••••• »«C and $1.OO J 29o -J
fc Infant. fi.i5to« 5 .9 Stl p S , tlightiy suled, to clo.e . . . 880 tO $2.98 - ,i •¦•••f « wastfui wwHf Tapestry end Palrited Pane!s-for wall hangings, formerlr Ji.ae to Oaret— Extra Asti wines, gallon. . 33O S
}£ Children's Wash Hats -™ chiffon, lawn and | Children's Woolen Goats - «n covem, che- flm+e* : TMm Sa+m-1 ' : f%m%*± BJ8"%B& $*$°°> n°™ • ............ ¦ 63o to $7m5O Geneva Red Cross Gin - Bottle . . 83o X
J organdy, prettiy trimmtd, a brokfn >ot W3rth5i.33 to vi-jtiand K.-.s:yt,-iges6 to ioyeaw— resreranl — mJlsM& mr B OBMH&G xJWmWS—M] Ml €SM §, Lace Door Panels— 50c styles 350—750 styles 50c — $I.*5 and $1.50 Sauterne— Extra quaEty table wine, galto X
«f *S0o, now 69S tO *2.5<t I i.mead J6.85 ioj.12.50, new . 53.43 f© $6.25 ¦''¦'• '¦'^' ** +-mi' '^c'- -^ ¦• sty.es 75c. ; • ¦ 62O %
V ¦ ' - Off n£§ Figured Slikoline— 1 s^c values, now yard . 7o Old Dominion Whiikty— Insteid of S3. 00 x
I All Trimmed and Ready-to-wear Hats How About 2So on the ** ~ U " -' JZtf S.^ hi*-.- s if '£ %
J uol/ar, Mitltncvy Department Second Float* yard, now ... . . . .21-20 pints .29o x"When an "old bachelor has . heart
trouble it's of ¦ the platonic brand;
COPENHAGEN, July 23.— Professor
Schou, body jsurgeon to King Christian,
was summoned to-day- to Schwerjii.
where the King is staying. Professor
Schou left before, noon.
Kins Summons* His Surgeon.
Attempts Suicide While D?t>pon<]ent.
BENICIA, July 23.— Joseph Periera, a
fiuit dealer of Benfcla, attempted to
kill himself early this morning whiie
dceponderit.' Financial troubles are
given as the cause t for the suicidal act.
Periera attempted to blow out his
1'iuiris with a revolver, but only suc
ceeded in inuletins a scalp wound, the
bullet glancing off his akull.
Twin Lakes Baptist Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ, • July ' 21— Jamea Ed
munds spoke to-day before the training
class at' the Twin Lakes Baptist As
sembly on "How to Compel Attention."
Milton -Evans of Philadelphia address
ed the Bible study class on "Definition
and Purpose. of Miracles."
A little helD is worth a lot of holler.
Sheep are now sheared by electricity.
Mis3 Uri was presented with 'a dia
mond-studded medal by the Fifty-first,
and the volunteers are\ preparing a
subscription for n more substantial
Sift on her cominrr visit.
.Sh<» will attend the exposition and
then go to the towns .where the com
panies are located. The boys of the
regiment are preparing receptions and
banquets in' her honor. They say they
will repay the 'flowers, fruit and books
they got far from home. .
DE.S MOINKS, Iowa, July 23. — Miss
Flora Url of San Francisco, who,. while
the Iowa regiment was camped at trie
Presidio," won tho title of "daughter
of the regiment" by kindnsss to the
soldier )>oys, has written that she will
visit Iowa and every member of the
regiment in September. -->;
"Dniijrhtor of tlui licvjimciit" Will He
Remembered' foi* Hor Kindness to
VohiUtbcr Hejcinicnt.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
WILL HE FETED IN IOWA
Moody was engaged in the latter
business at one time und just as he
was . ubout to enlarge his. factory it
burned and he lost everything he
owned. He made another start, in
venting a loom appliance, but his
drawings were stolen and some else
obtained the patent. He is nearly 80
years of age.
ST. PAUL, July 23.— William Moody,
a cousin df e*-Secretary of the Navy
Moody and an inventor of note, who
claims he b,a? been a. millionaire three
times in his. life, applied to the city
poor department for transportation to
his home at-Pill«bury. Minn. He said
he had a "bad" ley or he would have
walked home rather than ask for aid.
He has Invented a tackmaking ma
chine and-anothcr for the manufacture
of t!ns cans.
WIITIam Mood j, Cousin ' of the Kx-
Seoretnry of the Navy, Has Thrice
Been a Mniloiiairc.
AGED INVENTOR APPLIES
TO ST. PAUL FOR AID
HELENA. Mont.. \July 23.— The
Flathead forest reservation is the
scene of a fierce forest nrp, supposed
to have started from sparks from a
locomotive. Railroad employes nnd
forest ransors in lar^e numbers are
endeavoring to check Its progress. A
large area, has been burned over. Three
s other. tires are reported raging in the
vicinity of Kalispel on State and rail
road lands. Many hundreds of 'acres'
have been burned over.
Sparks Frojn Locomotive Start Con-
ILtsratlon That Is Doing: Great
. ¦ Damage.
l-'OREST FIRE RAGES IN
FLATIIEAD RESERVATION
TOPEKA, Kans., July 23.—Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe passenger
train No. 6, eastbound from Colorado,
was' derailed five miles west of Kins
ley, Kans., to-day while running at-n
high rate Of speed. Express Mesasn
ger Sewell of Kansas City was killed
and a postal clerk was fatally hurt.
Several other j persons were seriously,
injured. • '¦ • '
A brake beam on the .mail car
dropping caused that car/ the express
car and a smoker to go into the ditch.
The other curs remained upright. A
special train bearing physicjans went
to the scene from Topeka. >«g|
Acqidcnt in Kansas Results in Death
of Messenger and Fatal Injury
of CU-rL.
TRAIN IS DERAILED
AXD MANY ARE HURT
New York, and report to commanding
officer for duty. Contract Dental Sur
gccn George E. Stallman, now at San
Francisco, will report to commanding
general of Department of California
for transportation to the Philippines on
the transport to sail about August 1,
and upon arrival at Manila report to
commanding general of the. Philip
pines for duty. Cor*— ct Dental Sur
geon Stallman will report to command
ing officer of General Hospital, Pre
sidio, for temporary duty, pending the
sailing of the transport. Leave of ab
sence granted to First Lieutenant Wil
liam R. Eastman, assistant surgeon.
May 23, Philippines division, ia ex
tended one month.
Placervllle. Isaac N. HcCumsey, reg
ular; Emma I. McCumsey. substitute;
WhittJer, Charles C. Smith, regular;
Waiter C. Smith, substitute.
Pcsloffice at Hulfi6h, El Dorado Coun
ty, will be discontinued July 30. Mail
to Georgetown.
Kacov?? National Bank of Xew York
and <Troc-ker- Wool worth National Bank
of San Francisco bave been approved
as reserve agents for First National
Bark of Madera, Cal.
Array orders— Major . Charles E.
WooilrufT. surjrson. now on sick leave,
1» rclievc-a fnrni duty In Philippines
Civifjon. and upon expiration of leave
will proceed to Plattsburff Barracks,
rural service. Route 3, will' be estab
lished at Modesto, Stanislaus County,
on September 1. Area covered, thlrty
ihree square miles. .Population served
230. ?
California rural carriers appointed—
Postofflce D<*nartment ; Extends the j
Rural Delivery Service and Stakes !
Several Appointments. ¦
WASHINGTON. July 23.— Additional j
OF JLXTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
- — - •
Postmaster Puts Burglars to Flight.
SAFFORD. Ariz., July 21 — W. T.
Johnson, postmaster, who was sleeping
outdoors, was attracted by a noise
across the street coming from the di
rection of the postofflce. at an^early
hour this morning, and dressing in
haste he grabbed his gun and proceed
ed to investigate. Three men who
were operating at the side window Red
at his approach and although he emp
tied hJs gun after them he failed to
brin£ them down. Investigation show
ed Ihey had been sawing the Iron bars
at the side window and had almost ef
fected an entrance.
EL. PASO. Tex., July 23. — In th«
southern portion of Chihuahua. Mex
ico. In the neighborhood of Batopllaa
and Urique. cloudbursts have dona
great damage. The country has been
dry for months and the rains will en
able all mines to resume after a shut*
down of many months as soon as th«
damage from the cloudbust Is re
paired. Many natives lost all their
effects, but no lives were lost.
Dry Spell Followed by Heavy Rains
That Will De Beneficial to
Minlns.
CLOUDBURSTS DO GREAT
DAMAGE TS CHIHUAHUA
White is now under guard and Smith
is detained In the post. What action
Colonel Markley Intends taking in the
matter is not known. He was much
disgusted at the June performances,
and if he had hi3 way at that time Loth
the offenders would have had summary
dismissal from the army.
It will be remembered that the pre
vious occurrences which aroused the
Indignation of the camp at Ansel Lsl
and was the introduction to that post
of two women, who Joined Lieutenants
White and Smith In an orgy which
lasted away into the night and set the
whole post wild with scandal. The fol
lowing morning Colonel Markley called
White and Smith before him and de
manded their resignations. In the
meantime Colonel Allen Smith came
out from the East in behalf of his Son
and matters were quieted down pend
ing a decision from the commander of
the department.
Colonel Markley la reported to be
greatly upset over these proceedings.
He ia very proud of his regiment, which
has always stood high in the country's
estimation. The recent scandals which
have emanated from its officers have
caused him much chagrin. The Rubic
ton case gave him much worriment.
Closely following upon the heels of this
came the suicide of the lamented and
brilliant young officer, Captain Fred
erick S. Wild. Now comes the denoue
ment in the shape of the White and
Smith affair.
The escapades of Lieutenants Charles
W. Smith and W. W. White, which
seemed to have reached their climax at
Ansel Island early in-June. are report
ed now to have been thrown entirely
Into the shade by their performances
last week. The June escapades, which
were the talk of the army circles at
that time, nearly caused both officers
to lose their commissions. Had it not
been for the pleadings of Colonel Allen
Smith of the Sixth Cavalry, the father
of on« of the younir offenders, and the
clemency of General MacArthur, they
would have been court-martialed at
once. #
Their youth was pushed forward a*
an excuse, and upon the promises of
both offenders to reform General Mac-
Arthur allowed the matter to remain ia
abeyance.
His kindness and attempts to let
them hold their positions seem to have
been poorly rewarded by the reports
that now float out from the garrison at
Angel Island.
It i3 learned that one day early last
¦week one of the same women who had
been mixed up In the previous An»el
Island scandal again managed to work
her tray Into the post and up to the
quarters where Lieutenant White waa
stopping. Then the good old times be
gan again. Others are reported to have
Joined In the gay hilarity of the even-
Ing's gayeties. The popping of corks
was only a mild accessory to the gen
eral Joyousness of the occasion.
When the festivity was at its height
and the peace of the quiet camp was
being disturbed beyond all endurance
the officer of the guard appeared upon
the scene and demanded that an in
stant stop be put to the proceedings.
White, it Is claimed, became enraged
and drew his sword upon the officer,
but Lieutenant Smith went to the res
cue and any conflict of a serious na
ture was averted. This brought a close
to the carousal. Rumor has it that
White's female guest was scantily clad
at the moment the officer of the guard
burst in.
Lientenant White Eepeats
Previous Performance and
Is Placed Under Guard
OKGY DISTURBS TOST
Cnrousnl at Angel Island
Nearly Jiesults in Quar
rel Among the Officers
MORE SCANDAL
IN ARMY LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LT., SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iPHE~sul«
During the summer ntonths
some member of thc family is sure
to suffer from Cramps, Bowel
Complaint or Diarrhoea. Always
keep a bottle of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters in the house for such
cases. A dose at the first symp-
tom will afford prompt relief.
Then it also cures Headache,
Belching, Poor Appetite, Nausea,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia and Ma-
laria. Try one bottle. The gen-
uine has our Private Stamp over
the neck,
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
PRAGERS I FRAGERS | TRACERS I PRAGERS I PRAGKRS 1 ' PRAGERS
£j '•''. * : •' ' r '- : Y- ' ': ¦ ' '" "" ' ' ' *¦ J --.-- ¦•..- -I ¦_. _-•;.. ., , : ¦ -¦ .... ¦ :0^. ¦¦ y_ _^^mm
I \A/ E wil1 inc!ude in tllis Iast week 9| our great "Second Annual Inventory Drive, Sale" a sensational sale of soiled goods. Notwithstanding every
fj VV precaution that we have taken, mihy thousands of dollars' worth of merchandise has been slightly soiled by dust, as a result of the plaster
I and carpenter worfcihsi is being done in our building. These goods, however, are in /io way damaged to impair their use. It is simply our poiicy
[i not to carry them over for the opening of the "Greater Pragers Store." We want nothing but new and tresh gbods then. And to get rid of our present
|j stock quickly we will mike great sacrifices in the regular prices. There will be immense reductions. The bargains that have attracted *hou-
p sands of shoppers here during this mon-h will be as nothing compared to the phenomenal values that will be offered, beginning Monday. ¦ '?0 : \
I Slightly Soiled From. Handling. StUpehdotlS Sale Of Silks and Slightly Soiled by Dust
I Remarkable Price Reductions on Our **,—^ r>-L<L a Our Low Prices on Domestics Are
I Women's Stylish Wearing Apparel ' QMPARE thc reductions ; made on all of tilis , season . s up , to . Redaced Still Further
I T"^ HE soiling of these garments, if there be any, is so slight that \_> da . t , e f rCSS Matcrials - A11 of thcsc g|ocis are slightly dust _, HERE cannot be any question about thebargains-that are
I I it is hardly noticeable. Yet some are mussed a little, and . SAL £ . REC I presented here. Inspect the goods to-morrow and satisfy
g therefore ihe sweeping reductions apply to everything in this . SILKS. ' yourself:
u2 -».- j • " PRICE « -¦ ¦ 1 • ' - ¦ - • • . . PRIL.1C ¦ ¦ \ . " «*wi->v^«m«« - >.
Ifl stock. , r" 1^ ¦ x SHEETS. *
K5 SUITS. - - '"j* 50 — 24-i»ch Crcoe <le Chine 75c *m We are offering 250 dozen good strong, serviceable sheets that sell
I A< / ftr , fr%{\ nr About three hundred elegant. garments in Serge <>*>e— -20-inch Faxicies for Shict Waist Suits $1.00 lHC everywhere at 50c at this remarkably k)\v price. . (Si*. only will be
fi thI4- 7 1 TO fKlv II Che\-iots, Etamines and Novelty Mixtures— as- 3^c — 19-inch Dotted Foulards 50c uww allowed to eacn customer.
| v yw *" v vl/tlw sorted colors; some plain tailored and others 5Sc— 20-inch Pcau de Carol 8$c :. TOWELING.'
B handsomely trimmed; jackets silk lined; some have capes, others plain; not J1.25— 36-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta $1.6=5 Heavv shrunk Russia Crash Toweling" and the noted Barnsley Irish'
H a garment in the lot worth less than $^5.00 to $30.00. [>.Se— 36-incli Guaranteed Blade Taffeta ...$i.2* A* Crasl f it tfiis spccia i bargain. Regularly sold at 10c the yard. (Only
I 1 SKIRTS.^' ' OSe-^ai-inch Guaranteed Black Pcau de Soie $1.35 t *\^ i O yards sold to each customer.) • ~ <
H C r iC A CC fIC TIl5s Iot comprises a large variety of colors BLACK DRESS GOODS. J CASES
3 SD.4J) 300 J3."3 5 nd v, fanCy r ?" ttUrei - A11 SC * mS i. * nishcd ' and '£%Z~ S C S Alpaca..... 50c ¦ n .j * de £rom a atamUrd muslin. The
j vv w »•*»•» s>v»yv double sewed: some 17 gores, others 9 gores, -pe—^inch Sertre 50c 111- 1**7 ~" Jt " * ' . JLrh bnlv will be sold to each pur-
1 with clusters of three pleats each; others in Black Serge Cheviot, new rtKe_ 3 S-inch Knub Etamine 60c HJC J 4 C eacn - Uwelve only will De soia 10 «cn pu
I ror.nd lengths, prettily strapped and trimmed with Taffeta Silk bands in 85c — 50-inch Panama ..;« $1.2$ • cnasc w
I various defies. The regular price $10.00. T8c~44-mch 'French Voile $1.00 il\ r The same P ilIow c * se » cm^y nicely hemstitched. (Twelve only will
I £1 (iZ Vrr >' latfst cut Black Chcviot Sk5rts: 7 S° rc^ finish^ SP and »Sc- S o-inch Broadcloth .... ••••••-•• ggggj ¦» 1^2^ be sold to each customer.)
I ML Mil dov.Mr Pitched and has inverted pleat at bottom: some are orna- «^ o «• , ,,. COLORED DRfc.Sb GOODS. BED SPREADS.
1 f^^nentcd «ith tailor buttons; others havc neatly corded yoke ef- HscZdlnch Mi'ved Sui thill""- 5 ° C a 6nr d»1 Zft About 40 slightly soiled large size Bed Spreads (for double
I feet, Ihe rccuhr value $5.00. • jgS_$££ n ftSgs! ! !! ! ii! ! !! i!:::. "; V.V: !! ! ! ! ! :£ $y 9 beds); several different styles in the lot. The regular values
$9J5 to $12.45 SSIEESSSS fipii^Siliiilii l^gpBPli I they "'
P^ i ir,fe"f"hrr d 4ur a ?'; s h:y/$l k 4 .p^ . * ¦ '/& Off on Remnants- Monday Only.
I Kitchen Utensils oll edby Dust. These Lines Important, 1 _. siighty, soiled i^pust. h^^«h^.
l- r .H E( >,v insw c..mik«te Children's Dainty to Needs of Infants C* earance of Stock of $4,891^^^-^
P^^^S Summer Garments r^ ?^ Beautifal Neck Ruffs y^^MiM
HOUSEHOLD. GOODS. . SPECIAL offering of interest to fg||| |ft| | |g^ A If^lllSi fife Sif^g^
E r\ chlldren - OHfe^SSl r M h r^,i»rKr &* en at considerably less than half the regular worth $7-5O a pair. . •
g PRf"E PRICE WHITE DRESSES. Ri 4ft Lr r^tl r^?iU^i!"«frn P""ces- The colors are black, cream and com- . We have a few pairs of Blankets
| }U ~^ 2."5c for the 7Sc dresses - * for Coats regularly $3.50. binations of white and black and black and * that are regularly worth $15.00 a pair,
g :iOc»— Dish Pan? 50c Sf)o for the ?2.oo dresses. DRAWERS. white, and made, of the very best quality of but will be offered at a saving of one-
\ Sc— Dust Fans 15c pi.»5 for the $v=;o dresses. ROc for mussed and soiled Children's Drawers Chiffon and Liberty Silk with handsome ends half. / -„_-.- •
3 1Sc_M M , fhnnnrr. ' «r *2.25 for the Svoo dresses. that recularlv sold for 75c and $1.00 a pair, and flounced cape effect, ornamented with TABLE LINENS. .
n .Meat cnoppcr^ tJKTRT^ • TME , AMTO , CArniT1 , e narrow pleatings and silk drops. Below we < ¥/. m We have accumulated -a
j .«I.««_Dutc!i Ovens S1.25 > %o for rh iMren'? *nll5 T* a n,i m ,,, s ,H ,Wtc INFANTS SACOUES. quote you some of these great reductions: *>£> At f lot of slightly soiled
I .'JDc-White Enameled Cham- regularly sold at 7 4 ead? "^^ SklFtS **'*? for m V SS , Cd *?»«« Infants' Sacques S / LE REG . /2 UH Table Linens, consisting
I i. c _, ._ rc^uiany suiu ai 75c eacn. that refi:u j ar i y s pi<i f pr 2OO> $ 2 50 and ™i± of remnants of table linens, odd nap-
S j-. c , ' V. 5 . t0o . .... ' , GOWr }S. 53.00. pR!CE , pR!CE kins, hemstitched tablecloths, table
• •'•J''— Sleeve Irons c oc -tOc for children's soiled gowns regularly sold i^ M^.^ smmjn^ 1HIMMS9n ,^ mitnm]Wnil lt m , i^ig^ * sets, towels, etc., which will be offered
6 1 l."»<- — Sieevc ooards 50c . at ? oc - . BAvuwe B * B <Jt<?e R"ff s 5 2.00 a t about one-half regular price.
I gipip |i^ggpi| There WiM be MSplill r^W^F^B
I 3^^,.^ 1 %° % »%^^^ s^ ¦ j Something 5 S^S-^^^
Impossible to Do Better than Secure f^" 'WiW. | ""'""""""B^^iuoodssiightiySong Toilet Articles
'<¦ — ? 77^ S : — ; zz— r^ : a 8JO1HC flf. ¦ scarfs, squares, etc.
1- Something From the Boys' Dep't. I **V««g.«*M . .- t 230 -^;?^?!!^^ |®^^^^iJ#S^
4 — Z- • » ' H . . , . . . , '...'(- lra y squares, cic, | S1 biy e boueht elsewhere
I Q C . HOr , )L fS °- PCn a "f, thc til " C LS n ' pe f ° r col "P lete ne^ out- I ' - , • Stly ruffled oT P musse U d * at such extremely low
! O h^- Ollr prices wi!1 save >' ou mone y- I WM'sm&k d^^if^i^a^ frrim dlsplay or ha . ndlin s. prices.
I OOC p°- v \ Militaf y style Khaki Suit?, for ages 3 to 14 years; have 1 A A €&J%k'&it , .^£"$"00 each. ***^ PRICE: PRICE
5 VUV long trousers. They are regularly sold for $1.25. Q . . >' V rT TMTirP PTTTrTT*: T?TTNMRR<5 ~ ¦ ¦
I »* ~r Boys' Norfolk style Khaki Suits, with long tiousen. This re- I " / j Soc-Pretty ooen-work an? heS ™?? hc Face Powder. .. . S oc
J CDI.OD d , uctIt) . n 1S , Permanent, as we are closing out that line before S jObA «v m • • • • I stitched Runners and Center 4 » c — Lola Montez Cream 75c
3 changing the location ot our department. The regular values g 0 J TJf^ k|l Ms . . Pieces both round and 4c_Bottle Vaseline.
„. ?'-?o and Si.7S- . , . g H 4%&k S¥| #%&.&§$&§ $®$k^i M IP square', slightly mussed, arid He— Dr. Lyons' Tooth Powder.
j We are offering great "^gjc^on all of our Boys' Clothing. | j| $£%*& i V i ffjg JgTg QW regularly fold up to $1.50 4e_Can Imperial Talcum Pow-
1 tnr St«lS^^*iv^^3^^ I' WOMEN'S' NECKWEAR STc— Lambert's Listerine 65c
TPOU9FRR B I \/l AnnO^n ¦ * ChiHon Ja&£ts. r>cnus, Croats,. 111c— Eastman s Benzoin and A-
Ln iV woolen I' [' ViVlOnClay; ; ;•; Wm^il^§^ rnbirn L ° tiOn ' f ° r U " "*
UbZ . . :.b? ..offered 8 at greatly reduced 15c Jc o l ga "s Dental Powder..^
ItQr B «y*' ver y serviceable Kn ee Trousers. Do not fail to purchase 'fl P "»"l-Formerly sold at 25c. 25c_Two cakes 471 1 White Rose,
i7t< some of these for the boy, as thej- are a good bargain.' ¦ • i ¦ • • ¦ *^ • m* mm 0 lai^c—Formerly sold at 35c. o - nn e soap.
OVERALLS.' I T^fil^l £ MSC:^ \$ " 2SV-Fornicrly sold at 50c! 0 "
I7C Boys ' Elue Ovcralls . we" made of regular denim, for ages 7 to I sJrKfll- i Afi«« A^J, 7«cHFormerly sold at $i!so". 30c— Anyvo Theatrical Cold
*4 years. B.»jiLijiiiikiMiLiuiL^L J~^ '' - OSc— Formerly sold at $3.00. Cream, large size 50c
Women's Shoes rV^~4^I* _~- * €t 1 ffi^ ¦'-¦£> A ? *l Leather Goods
T^f S Ig eight new styles' oi . ' - • j . •¦' • '- - ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ IlrJ, & a ' ns * n a^ kinds of USe-
SSfalUlJ Women's Lace and o . ' «, /a m, «i«V • « •- U " a & s w '^ e found
Kfd! Cr Box C cilf h and P^m? Leather- TT HIS j S 'fi S: c ! ieral clcan-up before alterations are started in this department. It is one of thc greatest features of our Inven- fail to get one of these values,
w has the newest style toe, light and 1 tor - v Dnve - aIc . anJ without hesitancy we say that values have never been equaled at any similar sale conducted in San Fran- 2(in V adies ' and * ( j :hi . ldren '* BaRS
I heavy weight soles, patent leather C1SC O- There isn't a thing needed in attire that cannot be found here at wonderfully low prices. ? ' O7W "£f il e ?inf5 lI "v / A 0 S 1 - at , 50c
V C ¦ «? b !P^ ,\ UNDERWEAR. double-breasted un- SUSPENDERS. . pHcc -H be clo.ed out/at this low
\-^r chnlcllC^ on^itZ^yts re-Xrly i'for *"c f-S? ' C °^M\ {^ crwc , ar ' which " ncver Sold for ««',c_The President Suspenders, We are also f oin K to off er a lot of
at ?2.£o a pair. ' yS lOc nS RiS-^J T', n 4ndpJaUi ( 0ndcrwear, .which sells Jess ihnn $1.50. too well known to require dc. Saffian and Walrus Bags to close
r A . iVtra hSw LSJ , rvl ?/°" for 50c a garment; sale Tile-Honeycombed blue mesh scription. A regular 50c article, them out at just one-half the regular
*&-<&, fi ™ r ? n " v >- Regular price wj^c. unce is 35c or 3 for $1.00. lightweight Underwear;, just ,r.«n W rnn,,rr™ orlces.
d^^^. i <J *!. 0 0^— Contains 3 ua.rs ot T4«_A silk fleeced cream-colored the thing for this season of the HANDKERCHIEFS. . .... ¦
tf^ m li >H "tfa W$>wrif3i ' fine black and lati Hose. Kc^.i- garment, which sells regularly year. 7c— Men's Handkerchiefs; colored /Tfl^W
fiwB « a IT si IT B 7S larly sells ior 50c a hox. for $ 1. 00. "" " " COLLARS. borders and rcjrular u^c values. JB -« AA'uWw J
1 /"fV* ¦* k?/iaft* "« pair— A heavy Merino Hose Site— •'Wright's" Health Fleeced He—Men's 4-ply Linen Collars. ."t«-— Children's Handkerchiefs. I *& g^ >¥ RB H¥ 1T^£L
I Y — ?V-B LE «S^i^^i C , h s S a C ,i!i 5 D 0^r°; Sfi."" rcSU ' arly <O ' 2 NIGHTSHIRTS. \W + **&PIP
AD the Shoppins Inducements that have -°° n^-rAH of our -aqc* Fancv *1. 15— "Cooper" Ribbed Shirts which sell regularly for $1.00. Regular $1.00 value. . , r- l^O» I^OUjviARKET ST.^
made this store pcnular art still here ana Cashmere Hose.-in tan and" and Dfrwer* in blue color. A-~ will be placed on sale at 79c, or 4Uv— Mublin Niglit Shirt, extra W.ilbe the Lir^est. Departmtnt Store
_••;_;___ ' black colors. regular $1.50 garment/ . .„ : M foe ?2.U5. ; quality. Regular 75c value. WestT of Chicago.PHILADELPHIA, July 23. — The
Portuguese sailor, who it was thought
perished on the British ship Creed
more, which was * destroyed by fire
on Tuesday. July 19, off Shinnecock,
was brought to this citsv to-day on
board the steamship Marvil. Captain
Coleman reports that the sailor was
picked up from a hatch cover on July
20 about thirty-five miles oft Shinne
cock. >
Crcedmore Seaman Finds Refuge on
u Hatch Corer and Is Picked Up
by Steamship JlirvIL
STRANDED SAILOR IS
?BROUGHT TO PORT
.-- The Brotherhood, of Boiler-makers
and Iron Ship Builders will entertain
Vice President John McNeill on his
arrival in. this city, where he comes
to make an inspection of. the. union's
standing and the condition of labor
in general. ; .
The local union elected as Its dele
gates to this convention Miss Hannah
A. Mahoney. John D. Campbell,
Charles Childs, L. A. Greenlaw, Rob
ert Ewingr and J. Flannagan. -
The Bricklayers 1 Union will hold
their annual picnic at Schuetzen Park,
San Jose, on Sunday, August 14, at
which place the Oakland union will
participate.
Preparations on a large scale are
being made by the delegates of the
Steam Laundry Workers' Union to en
tertain the national delegates to the
annual convention of the Shirt Waist
and Laundry Workers' International
Convention, which will meet in this
city on August 9.
TJieir Annual Convention Will Be
Held in Tills City During
Next Month.
LOCAL LAUNDRY WORKERS
TO ENTERTAIN DELEGATES
ARRESTED FOR USING
THE 3IAIL5 UNLAWFULLY
3Ien Arc Accused of Mlsrepresenta-*
tlon In the Product They Were
Manufacturing.
NEW ORLEANS. July 23.—Detec
tives to-day arrested David B. Comer
Sr. and David B. Comer Jr. and
charged them with violating the Fed
eral statutes relative to using the mails
for fraudulent purposes. The accused
ran the German Chemical Company
here and are said to have represented
the phenacetin product they were sell
ing as having been manufactured in
Germany and purveyed in original
packages. Sacramento, Cal., arid other
cities are given as places where the
product was disposed of.
Vest's Condition Improves.
SWEET SPRINGS, Mo., July 23. —
Ex-Senator George Vest's condition to
day was slightly improved. He took
some nourishment. He displays won
derful vitality.
ST. LOUIS, July 23. — The house of
Hoo Hoo at the World's Fair, which
was partially destroyed by fire one
month ago and immediately rebuilt,
was rededlcated to-day. N. W. Mc-
Leod of St. Louis, president of the Hoo
Hoo Association, delivered an address.
Hoo Hoo House Again Opened.
ST. LOUIS, July 23. — The German
exhibit in the Palace of Machinery at
the World's Fair was formally dedi
cated to-day. Invitations were issued
to the leading engineers and officials
of the exposition company. Freelich.
delegate of the German Engineering
Society, delivered. a lecture, explaining
the technical details of the exhibit.
Machinery Exhibit at the Fair la
Formally Dedicated.
GERMANY'S DISPLAY READY.
he finally said. Although much aston
ished at the bluntnesa of the request,
Morgan readily complied therewith.
The German lighted the cigar, took a
few puffs and, beaming -with good na
ture said: "I vould not haf droubled
you. but I had a match in mine posr
gid and I did not know vat to do xnit
him."
W. Chilson, Ukiah; F. , J. , Kamp- I
hoefner, lone; Mrs. J. Harry, Stock- j
ton; W. Hammer, Oxnard; Mrs.
R. C. Shephard, Seina; Mrs. A. S.
Bridges, Escondido; II. .M.-Hamlford,
Sierra Madre; J. W. Stoussur, T/Inuba:
W. H. Rausave, Long Beach; J. H. !
Harry, Stockton; Miss M. Castello.
Santa,. Cruz; ,J. P. Wentz, Crescent I
Clty;/2llrs. [:H. G. Houtb'y, Fowler; J. '
M. Aubuchon, Santa Cruz; Miss M.
Missfeldt, DIxon; Mrs. N. A. Kennedy,
Riverside; N. J. Campbell, Mendocino;
B. Day wait. Santa Rosa; F. W. Bed
ford, Bishop; J. S. Brooks, Santa Ana;
L. M. Tandell. Santa Ana; W. E. Heb
ard, Sousbyville; W. F. Henry and
family, Vallejo; E. Dolland, Holly
wood; M. R. Pendleton, Downey; G.
L. Hanaford, Sierra Madre; A. Car
rington, Selma; Mrs. J. C. Elliott, '
Monrovia.' ;
The Xeniest He Ever Met.
J. Pierpont Morgan says that the
nerviest man he ever met was with,
him in a railroad car while traveling
in Europe. The stranger, a German,
took a seat opposite him and was
much interested in the big. black ci
gar the financier was smoking. "Vould
you mind gifflng. me one like dat?"
MIXXEAPOLIS. July 23.— Rev. O.
E. Hasheim of Astoria, Or., who is
visiting relatives here, was badly bit
ten in the arm by a dog to-day. The
animal is thought to be suffering from
rabies.
Clergyman Is Bitten by a Dog.
Weak with fright, the young husband
opened the door and staggered into the
room. His bride of a month was a rav
ing maniac The little utensils and
trinkets that had pleased her so much
were scattered and broxen, her pretty
hair was In disorder, her clothing was
almost torn from her body.
He spoke to her, but she snarled- In
reply. There was no trace of recogni
tion In her face. Shrieking, she order
ed him to leave the place, then, laugh-
Ing wildly, she went on In her work
of destruction. The broken-hearted man
had her removed on Friday night to
the Central Emergency Hospital. Yes
terday the Insanity Commission pro
nounced her case hopeless and she was
ordered to Stockton.
With hair disheveled and the sad.
absent look of insanity in her face,
Mrs. F. L. Baker, a bride of a few
weeks, was taken yesterday from the
detention ward at the City Hall to the
Stockton Insane Asylum. So ended her
honeymoon.
A month ago she became the wife of
F. L. Baker, an industrious yeung me
chanic. The man knew that there was
a taint of insanity in her family, but
he loved her. ' She. too, knew of the
shadow that hung over her and warned
her suitor. Baker replied that nothing
could come between them.
After the wedding the loving hus
band took his young wife to a com
fortable home he had made for her at
72 Ninth street. They were very happy
for a while. Mrs. Baker was a loving
and cheerful bride and the couple for
got that their happiness rested on an
unstable foundation. They/ were sav
ing to build a little cottage of their own
somewhere in the suburbs.
One evening Baker found his wife In
a rather pensive mood. He epoke sooth
ingly to her and she seemed to regain
her spirits. "I was thinking about my
mother and her trouble," said Mrs.
Baker. "But I won't think any more.
We'll Just be happy." So the skeleton
was locked in the closet — both thought,
forever.
On the next evening Baker found no
smiling wife to welcome him when he
returned from his work- He hurried
up the stairway, chilled with a terrible
fear. From the little kitchen where
the happy bride used to sing as she
cooked her husband's meals, came
sounds that resembled the snarling of
a wounded animal.
General order goods, it is explained,
are imported merchandise for which
entry has not been made at the cus
tom-house within forty-eight hours of
their arrival at the port. They are
then removed to a bonded warehouse
c* the cost of the consignee and If un
claimed within a year are sold to
satisfy the charges.
NEW YORK. July 23. — A joint
committee, representing importing in
terests, has completed a new schedule
of charges for storage, labor and cart
cge on general order goods. The old
schedule, which has been in effect
twelve years, contained many inequali-'
tics, acording to importers, and was a
feource of much complaint on their
part. The new schedule has been ap
proved by Collector Stranahan and
forwarded to the Treasury Depart
ment.
to Abolish Old Rules on
Storage Charges.
Treasury Department Will Be Asked
RUCOM3IEXDS A XEW
SCHEDULE FOi: STORAGE
"I deny that." quickly retorted Bar
rett and the Judge said he did not wish
to discuss the matter and would con
tinue it for a week.
Whiting again asked for time to ex-*
amine the records and the Judge said,
significantly: "The most important
phases of the case are not a matter of
record."
Judge Dunne is still determined, if
possible, to- compel George T. Balllnger
to stand his trial on a charge of felony
embezzlement, although he has been
discharged on a writ of habeas corpus
by Judge Graham. Balllnger was book
keeper for the California Art Glass
Works, 120 Second street, and is ac
cused of having embezzled money be
longing to his employers.
When the case was called in Judge
Dunne's . court on Wednesday, Colonel
Barry, for the defendant, moved that
the, information 'be dismissed, as the
defendant had been discharged on a
writ of habeas corpus, but the Judge
denied the motion and continued the
case for trial till yesterday. He in
structed Assistant District Attorney
Whiting to look into Its status.
The case was recalled yesterday and
the defendant was represented by both
of his attorneys, Colonel Barry and
John J. Barrett. Barry renewed his
motion to dismiss the information and
offered in evidence the entire record of
the case. It showed that the writ had
been applied for on the morning of
May 5 before Judge Graham and was
made returnable at 2 o'clock that af
ternoon. The information was not
filed till 1 late that afternoon and the
return made by the District Attorney
to the application for the writ showed
that the defendant was held under the
commitment from the lower court.
"Why was the application for the
writ not made to the Presiding Judge
instead of to Judge Graham, who is a
civil and not a criminal Judge?" asked
Judge Dunne.
"I can answer that," replied Barrett,
"as I attended to the matter personal
ly. I simply followed the rule that
the application can be made to any
Judge of the Superior Court. The case
had not been at that time assigned to
any court because no information had
been filed. I ask that the information
be dismissed."
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
said he desired time to examine the
records and the law on the subject.
Barrett replied that he could see no
reason for delay aa the records spoke
for themselves. Besides, the question
whether Information was filed before
the application for the writ was made
should have been raised before Judge
Graham. It was too late now to
ask it.
Deputy County Clerks Doran and
Wells were called and swore that the
application for the writ was filed on
May 9 prior to the filing of the inform
ation. 'K- <
Motion to Dismiss the In
formation Against George
T. Ballinger Xot Granted
CLASH BETWEEN
JUDGES ACUTE
BRIDE OF A TOUNG MKCHAKIC. WHO
HAS BEEN COMMITTED TO THE
STOCKTON ASYLUM.
Coast Towns Arc AVcll Represented nt
the Exposition.
ST. LOUIS. July 23. — The following
Californians are registered at the Cal
ifornia building:
San Francisco — A. Antz, G. H. Day
wait. G. W. Lippman, 3. 3. AIcGit
vey. Mrs. P. J- Downin, P. J. Downl^,
J. C. Berendsen. F. W. Eckstrom, G.
Uhl, M. H. Berendsen, Miss N. Vaugh
an, O. D. Chamley, Mrs. J. Pecher
man, Z. Abram and wife, J I. Wyckoff,
L.,Sevin, N. Barrett, N. Hutchinson,
Mrs. Deckelman, T. O'Bri-n, T. J.
Bailey, S. A. Chat, E. G. Lone, J. T.
Burney.F. A. Bell.
Berkeley— J. C. Wright, F. Asmon-l,
T. S. Breslauer, R. Engle, MV * C.
James and wife.
San Jose — W. C. Losse and wife, G.
M. Simpson, T. A. Hill, C. A. Simpson.
Fresno— W. B. Holland. Mrs. C. A.
Niblock, R. Goble, F. Stickler.
. Sacramento — Emma Hu:nme!, A. G.
Hummel, Mrs. J. E. l Mtyo, J. B. Dut
tess. Mrs. A. T. Pinkh im, f. Burns,
H. R. Schroeder.
Miscellaneous — C. D. Sargent, Pasa
dena; F. A. Perkins, Pasadena; B.
Garren, Stockton; A.< Gladding. A. J.
Gladding, C. ¦ Gladding, Lincoln;
Mrs. S. .W. Allen, Corning; * D.
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
Erwin Js trying to arrange to give
two free lectures a week in some of the
larger churches downtown. '\-ji
J. W. Erwin gave what is known as
his "Irrigation Lecture" to a crowd at
the San Francisco building the other
day. The various pictures showing the
rich fruitfulness of the soil— golden
oranges and flaming grapes being
thrust right into the faces of the spec
tators, with an invitation to "take all
they wanted— were greeted with "Ohs!"
and "Ahs!" and one man among the
spectators exclaimed at the close of the
series of pictures, "I move we all go to
California," to which a lady replied, "I
move, any way, that we all want to go
there."
The last carload of exhibits for the
San Francisco building has arrived and
the installation work, under the super
vision of George P. Wilcomb, custodian
of the building, is nearly finished. The
upper floor of the building, which has
been practically empty, now contains a
handsome display that will add to the
pleasure of visitors and do credit to
San Francisco.
The representatives of the various
California counties exhibiting at the
exposition have promised Captain Har
ris, in charge of the Kings County dis
play, that they will send home for lan
tern slides of typical farming scenes
in their localities to be used in the
stereopticon lectures he has offered to
give free of charge at ' the California
building during the rest of the fair. He
will be enabled when these slides come
to give lectures covering the State from
end to end and showing its resourced
and fertility. Properly colored slides
show up scenes of orchard, garden and
field in an impressive manner.
ERWIN'S - PINE LECTURES. lj !
The thermometer here has not gone
above 92 this summer. The St. Louis
people admit that this is an unusual
condition at this season of the year.
Strangely enough, they are better sat
isfied when the mercury has its eye
on the hundred mark than when it is
below 90, for under the latter condi
tion humidity prevails. When the
thermometer is higher the mugginess
Is not so noticeable. It is when the
thermometer runs from 83 to S7,
which reads nicely out in California
and brings a suggestion of pleasurable
existence with it, that the California
visitors suffer and wonder whatever
induced them to leave home. They
get a Hammam at that temperature.
It's fine for the complexion, but it
breeds profanity.
Californians and other far Westerners
coming here now will need- some little
time to get acquainted with the various
kinds of bugs— fortunately all large and
therefore easily watched— that make St.
Louis their home at this season of the
year. Once the acquaintance is formed
the visitor feels at his ease, for the
bugs are a sociable lot and without
guile. They don't pick out one's -neck
as a promenade any more than any
other place. It only seems so. A Cali
fornia woman when she first reaches
up and finds one of these leviathans of
the entomological world crawling about
her shoulders usually tries to Jump
through a car window; but she gets
used to them, like everybody else, and,
like others, finds herself trying to de
termine how many varieties there are.
LAST EXHIBITS ARRIVE.
ST. LOUIS, July 23. — The influx of
people from California and neighbor
ing States is lessening somewhat as
the weather grows warmer. The
greatest tide of travel from there will
probably set in in September and con
tinue through the three closing
months- of the exposition, when the
weather is said to be very fine in St.
Louis and the Middle West generally.
The greatest number of visitors to the
exposition are now 'coming fr«m the
Middle Western and Southern States.
The people of New York arid Chicago,
where the patrol wagons and ambu
lances keep up a constant clatter in
response to heat prostration calls,
where dozens of stricken people die
daily in the hospitals and the poorer
classes hang out of tenement win
dows by their toes and sleep on fire
escapes to get a little fresh air, are
keeping away from St. Louis, where
heat prostration is practically un
known, because "it is too awfully hot
down there." Other cities on the At
lantic seaboard, where the heat is just
as bad aa in New York and Chicago,
are wailing for it to get cooler in St.
Louis.
ST. IX>UIS HEAT NOT BAD.
By Paul Edwards.
A letter giving great satisfaction at
Rosemount has been received by Judge
Parker from Carl Schurz. It is as fol
lows:
"My Dear Sir— Not as a party man.
but as an independent, I feel bound to
express to you my sincere respect. The
principles and opinions you are known
to hold as to the currency, Imperialism,
tariff and the civil service strongly
commend themselves to men of my way
of thinking. But if, as an independent,
I was ever doubting for what candidate
my duty commanded me to vote, your
action on the terms of your nomination
has completely solved that- doubt. It
has rendered to the republic double
service of incalculable value. No man
can honestly deny that it has demol
ished the last pretext for still treating
the gold question as a live Issue of
party controversy, and that it has thus
relieved the business community of an
element of peculiarly unhealthy agita
tion and dangerous uncertainty. This
is so evident that to continue that agi
tation artificially for mere party ad
vantage must be condemned by every
good citizen as absolutely wicked—In
deed, as little less than criminal. '
"And. secondly, the manly declaration
that you would accept the offered nom
ination for the Presidency only If the
offer came In harmony with your sense
of public duty has set up before the
American people one of those noble
standards of moral courage and civic
virtue of wjiich our public life stands
so much in : need. The higher you lift
that standard the higher you will rise
in the esteem and confidence of your
countrymen, and the more surely they
will hold you worthy of their highest
trust." .
ESOPUS. July 23.-Judge Parker has
fixed "August 10 as the date for the cere
monies notifying him of his nomination
by the Democratic National Conven
tion as a candidate for the Presidency.
Judge Parker* reached a decision con
cerning the date in a long consultation
with William F. Sheehan yesterday,
and a telejrram was at once sent to
Champ Clark of Missouri, chairman of
the committee named by the Democrat
ic Convention to notify the nominee for
President. Representative Clark is ex
pected to call a meeting of his commit
tee, probably to be held in New York,
and he may also come to Itosemount
to talk over the arrangements with
Judge Parker, although no plan for
such a conference has yet been made.
The programme for the ceremonies at
Rosemount on August 10 will follow
precedents laid down for similar events.
It is known that Judge Parker is im
pressed with the simplicity of the cere
monies which took place on the occa
sion of President Lincoln's second nom
ination, and also when Judge Thurman
was informed of his nomination for
Vice President. The speeches both times
were marked by their brevity. When
President Cleveland was notified in 18S8
he made a long speech and the ceremo
nies were far more formal than any
others which have been brought to the
attention of those who are arranging
the details of the Rosemount ceremo
nies. It is the plan now at Rosemount
to have the notification follow closely
the fofm of the earlier ceremonies. It
is not exDected that Judge Parker will
talk at length nor that he will discuss
intimately any of the campaign issues,
but\will leave this to the letter of ac*
ceptance, which will be issued a week
or so later.
O'Brien has two bullets in his leg.
but his condition is not regarded as
serious. The fourth man, Kempsey,
escaped without injury, although his
hat was pierced by a bullet.
In a statement made to the
police after his arrest Miller said that
the woman told him that four men
had Insulted her and struck her over
tix* head with a beer can. He then
went out to avenge her and finding the
four men he "pumped them full of
lead," he is said to have told the po-
Martin. who was shot in the abdo
men, died soon after reaching the hos
pital. It was found there that Healy's
condition was serious and that he had
no more than an even chance of re
covery.
All the parties to the affair are resi
dents of the upper East Side. Accord-
Ing to the story told the police by
those who had part in the encounter,
the 'Vrhalen woman encountered Mar
tin, HeaJy. O'Brien and a man named
Kempsey near One Hundred and Ninth
street to-day, and. after passing a few
¦words with them. Miller appeared
suddenly from across the street and
began firing. Three of the four men
fell. Miller then fled and was found
eome time later by detectives in bed
at his home.
NEW YORK, July 23. — One man is
.J*»ad, another may die and a third
man has a Flight bullet wound as a
result of a row over a woman on Third
avenue to-day. Herman Miller 22
years old, who is under arrest, ac
cording to the police has confessed
that he shot the men to avengre an
insult to his woman companion, Mary
Whalen, who is held by the police as a
witness. The dead man is John Mar
tin, TO years old, a driver. Dennis
Healy, 20 years old. a blacksmith, and
Frar.k O'Brien, 20 years old, a printer,
who were wounded, are at a hospital.
Democratic Nominee Will
Follow Closely the Early
Examples of Simplicity
Visitors Interested' in the
Industrial Lectures Given
on California by Erwin
AFFAIR WILL BE PLAIN
police Arrest the Murderer
.it H is Home AVhere He Had
Gone to Bed After Tragedy
BUGS IN RICH VARIETY
OXE VICTIM IS DEAD
Climate at the Exposition
City Is Not So Disagreeable
as It *Is. Eepresented
Three Men Said to Have In
sulted a Woman Are Shot
Down by Her Companion
Ceremonies Officially Noti
fying Him of Nomination
to Be Held on August 10
The Honeymoon of the Bakers Has Pathetic Ending When
Wife Becomesa Raving Lunatic— She Is Taken From the
Scene of Their Happiness to State Asylum at Stockton
JUDGE PARKER
SETS THE DATE
GOOD WEATHER
AT ST. LOUIS
GIVES REBUKE
WITH BULLETS
BRIDE OF ONLY FEW WEEKS
BECOMES INSANE SUDDENLY
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
27
SEE PAGES
42 to 46.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
\\ T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
*<V HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1 TIONS WANTED. HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
£$*4 SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
f^*m PAGES 42 to 46, INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
FLOWERS, FKEEDO3I AND
FRESH AIR
Arc features of suburban homes.
Sonic pretty places at a bar-
gain In our BERKELEY. OAK-
LAND AND- ALAMEDA REAL-
TY COLUMNS.
0//////6T4BIF ?7S& /92? fr^m
BOO/fC/ISF $ /52± *8& ¦+£3-2' I
BED ETC $/i** *9% l£2<Zc i
PARLOB TABLE* 3& */~ &Zl<2y %
fZUG $ 32* I
f DintaRT Table— 6-ft. pxtrnsion: solid Q'-^^-safvd W / 'jr/// f \^ M
9 oak; very strong: l'.ko maa oaK. ls-m. top; '" jL* l'J *k flSfti \\
I ? u h. R . e . & -. $15 -. 00 -. Sp . e . c . iH ! 59.00 KdrSo^S? iZ^pl I
IS I y/ U *'W!xi&m%?u£i& shelves; glass front; Ilk* (j»n r/\ H'
I ??h.^?!r.°?:?. pe . c . 1 t!. $8.50 |:
T% Iron Bed, Wire Mattress, Wool Tod .- ¦' «
ff Mattieii, Iiike Cat — Everything Axminster Bsfi — All different fl»> '
ES . the best. Re?. $16.00 tt>t% aa signs to select from. <*/• /•» ff
¦ .j: value. Special $".VU R«ST. $350. Special JZ.ZD g
4 We Make a Specialty of Famishing Flats Complete, o
Eg fm p» AA worth of Furniture and Carpets, $7.50 Cash and $1.50 per "Week. \&
jl «P / J%«VV One Dollar per week opens an account. Ve pay freight and car- Iff
Jl I t) fare. Our terms also apply to Oakland, Alameda* Berkeley and B
IT. Brilliant Furniture Co. i
f 338-342 POST STREET. I
The besfaf loaj/^washore
flljij ifiWiar 3 *" fry Ol^ltt B ItH ; 1
pli SHERWOODano 212-214 market st Bgg
mf4 SAN francisco E&i
g?&tl gnLnnwuu 5>i6 m main st r3£«
HHg DISTRIBUTORS LOS ANGELES. BfM
ADVERTISOIEXTS.
SI.00 Per Week
Will keep you well dressed
We do not ask you for security.
Your word Is good uith us.
SUITS TO ORDER.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
v r /snap
don't YOUl
f b'ary one of these \
fKORONAPETITCameras^
Lwt pnce*9.b9 Our price: 0$y
Ot/rer Sixes of POCO am/ 4
KOROM Cdmerdi 4t&g/?<*fuctioni9
,f>clltilm\ ftduced at so. |
SUNSET BAZAAR, i
42 Third St. ~ S«« Frahcisco)
STAMMERING
Rational core; moral «nd r<Jucation*l ; first
applicant r.»\l c!a*K tree, vl stammered 20
i#>*rs. JAMES FOI.EY. CC5 )>arur.» Bt.. cor.
'«>¦*¦•. fi«n Francisco, 10 a. m. to 6 p. to.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za the only cure tcr Kervoua aa.1
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tow DrurffiM or at 508 HAIGHT ST.,
£&a Fr&acisco, CaL
ApVERTISE.ACENTS.
To Every Shorthand Student §
Call and See Us About It |
San Francisco Business College |
—738 Mission Street— g
Between Third and Fourth --"* j|Reporter — "Senator Buncombe mere
ly mentioned the fact that the Repub
lican party would oppose the trusts.
Shall I say that?" EditOT—"No; you
may say he 'merely mentioned the al
leged fact, etc.' "
During the Journey, which will be
covered at the rate of forty miles a
day, the doctor will live on bananas,
strawberries and whole wheat bread,
eating by the roadside whenever he
feels hungry and sleeping at cottages
on. the route. His drink will consist of
boiled water and weak tea, with a
plentiful addition of milk.
LONDON, July 23.— Dr. C. J. Harris,
•who is in his eighty-second year, will
start this week on a cycling tour from
London to Edinburgh and back, his ob
ject being to demonstrate that such a
Journey can be undertaken by a man
of advanced age who eschews flesh
food, alcohol and tobacco.
He also wants to s bave chats with
roadmen; tramps, and others whom he
may chance to meet, on matters of hy
giene.
Vegetarian Young at Eighty.
That there is sufficient radium In
pitchblende to make It possible for a
photograph to be taken by It directly
is announced by Professor A. R. Crook
of Northwestern University.
Madame Barrios Drunk in London.
LONDON, July 23. — Unhappy Algeria
de Reyna Barrios, once nrst lady of
Guatemala, as wife of its President,
wap arraigned before a police court
magistrate this week charged with in
toxication. It Is not the first time that
this beautiful but unfortunate creature
has suffered for her besetting weak
ness.
"My husband was President of
Guatemala," she told the court. "He
was assassinated. I came here to see
my daughter, who is in a convent."
The court missionary corroborated
her statement, adding that she Is
a confirmed inebriate, who has been
in the hands of Lady Henry Somerset
and of different temperance organizers,
but all to no purpose.
She was remanded by the magistrate
with a view to sending her back to her
mother in New Orleans.
7
Horses Suffer From Sores.
S. C. Switzer, driver of a scraping
team for the firm of Harney & Mc-
Hugh, was arrested yesterday by Of
ficers McCurry and Unger of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. The horses seemed to be
behaving badly and on examination
the officers found large sores beneath
the coUar of each horse. The animals
were removed to Peters' stables.
the lives of 200 marine infantry quar
tered on one of the pontoons In Tou
lon harbor.
When reveille sounded on the Mars,
an old wooden man of war, on Satur
day morning several of the men ob
served that the vessel had sunk much
below the rvater line and the pumps
were set to work, as it was known
that on several occasions rats had en
dangered some of the pontoons by
gnawing holes near the water line.
As the old vessel continued to sink.
In spite of the measures taken to
pump out the water, the men were
ordered to leave her.
She very quickly sank another six
teen feet deeper In the water, when a
swarm of rats swam out from the
doomed pontoon, which five minutes
later -Hded noiselessly from sight. No
lives were lost.
RATS SCUTTLE ANCIENT
WOODEN WAR VESSEL
Two Hundred Marines Stationed
Aboard French Hulk Mars Nar
rowly Escape Drowning.
PARIS, July 23. — Rats imperiled
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 23. — Two
Persian Princes, the brother and a
son of the Shah, are here under fic
titious names at a hotel In the Pera
quarter. The Persian embassy soon
discovered their identity and the
Princes are now closely watched. It
seems that after the discovery of an
extensive conspiracy against the Shah,
in which the Princea were implicated,
they resolved to take safety in flight.
Before they reached the Russian fron
tier they were discovered by Persian
agents and two of their three servants
and their cash box were seized. They,
however, succeeded in escaping across
the frontier and came to this city In
order to obtain from the Sultan per
mission to enlist as officers of the
army. Prince Risa-Khan, the Persian
Embassador, has just informed the
Yildiz kiosk that.jthe two Princes are
rebels and have heen deprived of their
titles and grade. .
Princes Flee From Persia.
Franciska Bruckner yesterday peti
tioned the Superior Court for the pro
bate of the will of Joseph Bruckner,
who died on May 17, 1904, leaving an
estate valued fit about $2500. She
states that John Becker was named as
executor in the will, but he has been
living in Japan for some time and she
does not know when he will return.
Therefore she claims her appointment
is necessary in order to hasten the
settlement of the estate.
Executor In Japan.
VIENNA, July 23.— Not ooe of the
recent court scandals has caused such
profound dismay and indignation as
the reckless behavior of the beautiful
¦woman for whom the universally re
spected imperial official, Hervay von
Klrchberg, blew out his brains.
Fear that the woman might find
some means of escaping punishment,
as she has done so often before, caused
one of her husbands — the fourth — to
write to the newspapers what he knows
of her, in the hope of warning all fu
ture admirers. He asserts that she was
born in I860 in LIssa, Prussian Poland,
the daughter of a conjuror named
Bellach, who called himself Bellachini,
whom old residents of Vienna remem
ber well as a successful and comical
performer.
The indiscreet husband, who signs
himself "M.," eays that to his certain
knowledge she was married five times.
Her first husband, he says, was a
commercial traveler, whose name be
gan with a "K." He got a divorce on
the ground of unfaithfulness.
She was so successful in all her in
trigues that she became more and more
daring, and when Baron Lutzow, her
second husband, divorced her, she
turned up in another German city,
called herself "Baroness de Shave,"
and made people believe by insinuation
that she was the natural daughter of
the Grand Duchess Vladimir of Rus
sia.
She got her third husband, an Aus
trian dragoon officer, spouse No. 4 al
leges, by fainting plump in his arms in
a # public square full of people.
*She left him after having spent
every florin he owned and exhausted
his credit.
While the divorce case with her
fourth husband was going on she was
engaged to be married to First Lieu
tenant "Von C." But this young
officer had a very, energetic colonel,
who found out what kind of a woman
hi3 "subordinate was so anxious to
marry; and Krna Bellach, alias Baron
ess Lutzow, had to leave in sreat haste
for fear of consequences. Her next
sweetheart was an Austrian officer,
with whom she went to spend the sum
mer in Murr, between Graz and Vienna.
As soon as she saw she had made an
impression upon the man in the high
est ofnee in' the small provincial town
she dismissed her admirer and set her
cap for poor Von Klrchberg. She mar
ried him, arrayed in magnificent bridal
robes and adorned with many jewels,
which >she said were the family gems
of th(/Lutzows and worth $2,500,000' *
When the was told of her husband's
death she shrugged her shoulders and
only said:
"Such things cannot be helped. Fools
will be fools."
Reckless Career of "Baroness de
Shave" Exposed by One of* Her
Numerous Husbands.
CIRCE WRECKS LIVES
OF MANY NOBLEMEN
Mrs. Angela Fawn, residing at 915
Washington street, who was found ly
ing on the sidewalk at Stevenson and
Ninth streets on last Friday night with
a fractured skull, a wound over the
eye and'a broken arm, recovered con
sciousness yesterday. When she was
brought into the Emergency Hospital
it was considered that she could not
survive, but Chief Surgeon John I.
Stephen operated on her yesterday
morning and after trephining the por
tion of the skull which had been frac
tured hopes were entertained for her
recovery.
According to the diagnosis of Chief
Surgeon Stephen it would be impos-
Angela Fawn Recovers Consciousness
and Is Still Unable to Account
for Condition.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
WOMAN'S INJURIES
It is contended that at the time
of hi3 death Dyson D. Was3 was in
possession of property belonging to his
brother. In June. 1888, Dyson was
appointed as Frederick's guardian and
represented at that time that the
brother was an Incompetent and had
sold an estate at Astoria, Or., for one
flfth of Its value.
In her petition the cousin declares
that Frederick Wass waa next of kin
and entitled to all or a part of Dyson's
estate, and furthermore Dyson, had
used Frederick's property and mingled
it with his own in business. He had
never rendered an accounting oi his
guardianship.
Attorney de Golia has not given up
the battle against the estate of the
late Dyson D. Wass for a share for
the dead man's incompetent brother,
¦whose present whereabouts is un
known. Recently the Superior Court
granted letters of administration to
Isabella M. Wass, who proved her
claim as the commoh law wife* of the
rich electrical contractor. Attorney
de Golia yesterday, -on behalf of Lu
cretia Anderson, a cousin of the Wass
brothers, filed a petition for appoint
ment as guardian of the person and
estate of Frederick William Waas. in
whose behalf Mrs. Wass' contentions
were previously contested.
Cousin Alleges That Electrical Con
tractor Used His Brother's Prop
erty as His Own.
NEW CONTEST STARTED
IX DYSON WASS ESTATE
Thinking that Coyle was informing
the Judge of the matter of the pack
age, Murphy broached the subject and
it all came out. The Judge declined
to interfere with the Sheriff's order.
Murphy demanded that the letters be
read in open court, as he was satisfied
there was nothing wrong in them.
Deputy Welsh said he would not part
with them, but would hand them over
to the chief jailer. The Judge held
that the prisoner was In the custody of
the Sheriff and Welsh had a perfect
right to retain possession of the pack
age. He suggested that a dentist
might be sent to the Jail, but that was
for the Sheriff to decide.
After Chadwick was taken back to
the jail the package was examined by
the chief Jailer, who found nothing
unusual and handed it back to Chad
wick.
The prisoners had been brought
from the County Jail, to court and
were waiting in the dock till the
Judge made his appearance. Deputy
Welsh was sitting in front of the dock
with his back toward the prisoners
and did not .observe the woman's ac
tion, but it did not escape the notice
of Deputy Coyle, who waa standing in
the rear of the courtroom. He at once
went to the dock and asked Chadwick
to give him the package his wife had
handed to him. Chadwick Insolently
refused and the two deputies made a
movement toward him. He grappled
with them and was quickly thrown to
the floor and the package taken from
his pocket by Deputy Welsh. \ The
other prisoners looked calmly on and
seemed to enjoy Chadwick's discom
fiture.
After the Judge had taken his seat
on- the bench and Chadwick's case,
charging him with sending by tele
graph a false and forged message, was
called, Attorney Murphy asked for a
continuance' of a week. This was^
granted. Murphy then asked that
Chadwick be allowed to go to a den- :
tist for four or five days. Deputy
Coyle informed the Judge that Chief
Jailer Sullivan had telephoned to him
that Sheriff Curtisa had refused per
mission for Chadwick to leave the jail
for a dentist's office.
Ernest Moore Chadwick, alias "Sir"
Harry Westwood Cooper, offered stub-_
born resistance to two deputy sher
iffs in the dock in Judge Lawlor's
courtroom yesterday morning. He
was unceremoniously thrown to the
floor and although he struggled fierce
ly, a bundle of letters which his wife
had slipped into his hands .was taken
from him.
Morgue Surgeon Bacigalupi made
an autopsy yesterday morning and
found that death had been caused by
suffocation. The lungs contained con
siderable sand. The stomach and con
tents were sent to the City Chemist.
Dr. Bacigalupi is of the opinlnn that
Mrs. Weaver fell in a fit face down
ward and was suffocated.
Thomas Turner of 733 Natoma
street informed Deputy Ahern that he
met Mrs. Weaver on the beach at 4
o'clock Friday afternoon. She
seemed to be ill and he assisted her
to the park railroad depot, where she
was taken with vomiting and began
to cry, saying that she was very sick.
She also told Mr. Turner that she had
Just come from her home in Stockton
and that she had no friends in this
city. He then left her and did not see
her again until he recognized her lying
on a slab In the Morgue.
Mrs. Li. B. Seymour of 2658B Mar
ket street and Mrs. A. Fautz of 2021
University avenue, .Berkeley, called at
the I.Jergue yesterday and identified
the body of the young woman found
on the Cliff House bfeach_last Friday
evening as that of Mrs. Anna B.
Weaver, wife of a San Joaquin County
farmer, living near Stockton. Mrs.
Seymour i3 the mother and Mrs. Fautz
the sister of the dead woman. They
informed Deputy Ahern that Mrs.
Weaver, whose maiden name was
Anna McCoy, had been for years sub
ject to epileptic fits, which had made
her very despondent, and that she had
threatened to take her life. She came
to this city from Stockton last Sun
day.
Being Subject to Spells
of Epilepsy She Becomes
Discouraged With Living
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce to
Joseph Dubeau from Martine Dubeau
on the ground of desertion and award
ed the custody of the children to the
plaintiff.
Mary Braun asks for a legal separa
tion from Carl Braun because he com
pelled her to live in a filthy basement
at l€05 Dupont street, when he was able
to provide better quarters. Also, she
says, he was In the habit of coming
home intoxicated.
Vandilla Schantz wants a divorce
from John George Pchantz on the
ground of neglect. They were married
in 1S66 at Seasburg, Vt.
James S. Bailey, the soapmaker, yes
terday filed an answer to 'the suit of
Lyda E. R. Bailey, who sued for di
vorce after five months of marriage on
the ground of cruelty, including a
charge of personal uncleanliness. Bailey
not only denies all of her charges, but
says that she Induced him to marry
her and afterward was cruel to him
and inhumano'to his adopted daughter.
He declares that Mrs. Bailey as a paid
housekeeper took excellent care of the
house, but as his wife she neglected
her household duties until the place waa
not fit to live in. He even says that
his wife of a few months tried to poi-
Bon him by mixing narcotics with his
food and drink.
It is not set forth that he criticized
the r>ie because it was not one "like
mother used to make," but it is averred
In particularity of detail that his face
and clothing "were bespattered with
soft lemon custard." The oie was a
comparatively harmless weapon to the
one she is alleged to have used on June
29, when she is said to have struck
him on the cheek with a colander, caus
ing the blood to flow. ;
Summing up his grievances. Me-
Daugrhlin declares that his wife has an
ungovernable temper and in her out
breaks Is in the habit of scolding, tor
menting and tongue-lashing him. And,
besides this, she has refused to cook his
meals or allow their servant to do so.
Adell L. Jansens sues Gerbrand Jan
sens for divorce because he knocked
her dov.n and exhausted the entire vo
cabulary of vile epithets in addressing
her.
A. J. McLaughlln is an aggrieved
husband and he wants a divorce from
his wife. Carrie. They were married
In Pueblo, Colo., on^-August 2,*1902, not
quite two years ago, and since then
she has bsen in the habit of applying
vile names to him. The climax of her
alleged cruelty, however, waa not
reached until April of this year. In
that month she poured the contents of
a coffee pot. Including the grounds, over
his head and threw a lemon cream pie
into his face.
Soapmaker x4nswers Spouse's
Suit and Says She Tried
to Feed Him Narcotics
Found to Contain Missives
of No Importance and Is
Returned to Him in Jail
IT .IS TAKEN BY FORCE
POUHS COFFEE ON HEAD
SUFFOCATED IN A FIT
Prisoner Chadwick Eeceives
Package in the Dock and
I Kef uses to ]f art With It
Body of Woman Found Last
Friday Night Identified
as That of Anna Weaver
4
Indignities Suffered^ by a
Husband Cause Filing' of
Charges Against a Wife
FIGHTS TO KEEP
WIFE'S LETTERS
CASTS LEMON
PIE IN HIS FACE
FARMER'S WIFE
DIES ON BEACH
* THE SAN-,FRAN,CISCO GALL ; SUNDAY. JULY 2^.1904.
which tima their child had been
placed in the Children's Hospital. To
contribute to Its support ah© did the
commonest kind of menial labor pre
sented to her. The woman refuses to
talk of her family troubles.
Teresa Murphy's WUL
The will of Tereaa Murphy was
filed for probate yesterday, together
with the application of Hush Lagan
and Valentine J. Smyth* to ba ap
pointed executors. Mrs. Murphy's
estate is worth about $30,000 and sha
leaves it to be shared amonff her chil
dren. Madelaine, Joseph. Anthony.
Mary and James, all mlnora. Tha
chief value is In a lot on Oak street,
near Webster, worth $10,000, a lot at
tha corner of Webster street and Ivy
avenue worth $8000 and a lot at thu
corner of Russ and Xatorrta streets
worth $8000.
According to her statement she was
looking for work as a scrub woman
In families which needed that kind of
labor. She went to Stevenson and
Ninth streets in the morningr in search
of work, but was disappointed and
then wandered about, taking- one glass
of whisky 1 to act as a stimulant. This
is the last she recollected until she
woke up in the hospital yesterday
morning.
During the afternoon a man who
gave his name as Charles "Wynne
called to see her. He stated that he
had known her for twenty-five years
to be an honest and hard working
woman. She and her husband dis
agreed some three months ago, since
sible for the woman to have received
the Injuries from a fall. The conclu
sion was that she was hit with a blunt
Instrument from behind and In falling
received the wound over the eye and
also the broken arm.
28
JCH HOSEXDERG'S.
is <? $3
I IVkiing To Walk The]
I Floor that his wife 8
I Mff/ BE EARLY AT WEI
\PRICE. CUTTER 5 \
I Promptly at Nine. j
j We beve some of th:; greatest !
\\ vztecs ir» Ladies' Muslin Under- j
I wear that 'Frisco women have j
\ ev;r seen. \
\ C.-rr.plc line cf one of the largest \
\ Sr.stcra ainntifacturerc. E« seUs ;
1 fc's cat put to the larsrest stores in j
j America. Wi consider ourselves j
| -ort-trrto to sret these samples.
3 Ttcrs are co Saer or better foods !
2 Tzz.Ce Viazi these. 'They comprise fij
J G-oTras, CJien:ls*s. Corset Covers. Q
2 I»ci:e" asd Ehort Ekirta, also Ekirt f
a Chesiises as5 SmTrertr. Th»»y nl- t
J icTrcd as ene-tkirfi off th« crlariaal F
1 t*ywt ar.d St 'will xaeaa f&e Kanxe I
I l}--tssr to yoi. ZtZ'.xAc of tae finest K
| caxabrics and r.ainsoct trimmed, h
4 with fiae Swi«rs emlrroidery and |
+ Taiencicunes and Honasady laces; $
'¦ v ':r.?t:*r:oo^. tacked, also medal- I
J !5on trimmed. Sp&ce will not uer- 1
--• suit rs to qnots only a few. 2000 I
5 pieces, no tvro sliks, f
tAEirS* SKXET3 — .*;
Made of soft bleached mnsWtf. i
j <?ccp hrmstitched flounce. . .35c a
L/.urrs' sirrsTS— 1
M?3o of TyonFdaii? rnmbric. do.'p t
flonnce. trimmM r,-!th tucks nnd |
bemstftcbtns. Price 4r»C *
X.AUIE5* EXISTS— |
¦ Ma4f> of Pridf of thp West mus- i
¦ lie deep flounce, trimir.cd with •
' torchon lace and insertion. . Tf)c i
5 Ar.d reaar other Skirts, ranariiur «« ;
5 hisrh as S1O.OO j
s Gowirs — I
> Made of Boft blanched muslin. •
S rtraljcht yoke with hemstitched h
I tnrkj; collar and cuffs trimmed ;
§ with a l-.f>m?!itched ruffle. Pri'-e fi
| .*i5c i
r.ADiss f gowks—
I Mfld" of Fruit of thp I/vom m::s-
•; lin. tiith th« new Empire yoke;
« trimmed with fix rows Valen-
n rit-rnr-s I«<-» insertion and tunk-?; i
rrpulnr $1.00 quality; sarml« !
I price «5o j
* TaADZZlS' OOV/'XTS — I
u Slade "f I^onpdale cambric: mad*"
«*< wit}; V^ehaped >-oke: trimmed
Tvith T rotvs Valenci<»nnep lace '
ar.d ins«ition: "xtra wide; r<»sru- I
iiar S1.SO; sample price i)Tie
A hTmfired mere Ocwns In dif-
ferent auautlf-s and styles at the
cam; low price.
i/IJirS' DRAWEBS —
Mad^ of. XX muslin; umbrella
shaped; finished with a d«^>p
hem ISc
ZiA-bxks' pitAvr^r.3 — •
Made of JjcnKdale muslin; us-
brelU shar>e, French bnnd. trim-
med ¦with lace and insertion.: in-
stead of 60c. sample price. -TSoc
LATJIES' 9SAWEBS —
Made of soft bleached 'U'smsut-
t.i muslin, umbrella cut. French
tinnd. trimmed with torchon
lace, with ten r«ws of Insertion
runrins: un antl down: instead of
00c. sample price 3«5c
liABIES' CEXr-lIGES— |
Madp of soft bleached cloth. I
& corded yoVe. nicely finished: in-
m st^sd of n5c. sample price. .19c
|| L^DIT.S' CHEMISES —
|^ Made of Lonsdale cambric. Val-
rir lace and Insertion
H - trimmed. nlternatingr with
m tucks; instead of 50c, sample
H Price ,15c
- COEEET COVERS —
R Made of Lonsdale cambric;
H tifrht-fittlns: round and square
M neck; trimmed with embroidery
H or lace; Instead of 20c. sample
M price 12c |
H COSSET COVEZTS — I
tj Made of soft bleached nainsook, I
•^ elaborately trimmed with lace. 3
ji and tucks and Insertion, V- I
h Rhaped r.eck; Instead of flOc 1
M sample price 55c I
y ( They will be on sale In our Bar-
In rain Basement.
H Patrons aad Friends t Sere's an !
H opportunity to anticipate yonr
K TTRStS. =—===——
I IflF ROSENBERGJ
I s# %3 ea The Price- Cutter,
• 816 Market Street
i 1 1 O'Farrell Street
n MAIS OKDESS SO1.ICXTED. M
- ADVERTTSEaiEyTS.
IJIlllff.; i^^w Danderina Is So Exhilarating,!
ffl8®ra|p|vi ¦ ¦f.^'^^^^^^^k and stren S th cnlns to both tha hafr and scalp that even'
: :: ' ;^»»(^^lMra'Sj^ffiS a 25c * k° t£I ° cf it Is often enough to show wonderful lra-
fflEg2g$g|&^: ! *i.?i it^^f^^^l provementa. It at once impure a sparkling brilliancy
lil&ilisi^ "' • ' Hv '-I^Ik^^^S ' and TelTety softness to the hair, and a few weeks' u»
IP*&iiisiiP '; ; -V : i '"'I 'w^&PwlH " T ' 111 cause new halr t0 s P rout out al1 0Ter 'ho scalp, and
IJfSjjS&lllsltgv" ?>";«•• "- ; "^ x -\$i2p§|??P !?§& -*¦ ffrow abundantly, long and beautiful. U30 It every day
flmagggg$S- ' .' : ;'*» • AssP$$s|Sf!fil& f or aTvhll s« after which two or thret> times a wesk -K-in
i* :^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m btt CD ° Ugh t0 compl3te "^ba^" srowth you deslro.
K0 F$ -%W\ °^\> NOW at all druggists, in ttree sizes. 25 cents,
'&W §§| W&Sarx. ' CeatS per boUle '
PRPP To show how c l uickl y Danderine act3, we
¦ PS.,if%j^^> -¦"*" ¦ •¦¦¦¦¦¦ will send a large sample free by return mail to
:• , any one who sends this advertisement to the Knowlton
Miss Carrie Wl son 37°28 S 64?h P°L Ch Danderine Co., Chicago, with their nameS?adSS
miss Carrie Wilson, 3728 64th Place, Chicago, and ten cents in silver or stamps to pay postage.
'¦'jSSiSSa^Sr REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
: -'/-.\ ;''advertis:ements.
I M. Friedman & Co. and have moved j^^^^^k 1
I their immense stock to our new 1^^^^^^ I
| $17.50 Tailor-made Suits $10.00 $5.09 Silk Waists - - $1.00 f||||«^
| $25.09 Tailor-made Suits $15.00 $10.00 Silk Waists ' • • $4.50
I $35.00 TailoMnade Suits $20,00 $6.50 Walking Skirts - $1.00 flPJffi«H
I $50.00 Tailor-made Suits $27.50 $10.00 Business Jackets $2.50 |^gBSf Hs'l
I Suits from $50.00 up cut one-hair $40.00 Dress Skirts • $20.00
f AJ ' • • " ¦ -- ¦rffj—JFrTffsssI BMHSffjTlZl^JpMM
S Mow, don't say that this Is like every other clearance sale; It Isn't
U fair to a new concern. This is our introduction to you, and when you BHj»'-- : fe'' ''-'', 'j
H come we shall give you bargains that you will never forget. J T ;
A J*X£5 T J555S5£X§^
I Sale Ten MillionBox^^yearr^
|'3 CANDY ' CATHARTIC m\lWfP^^ US
U PREVENT ALL SUffimER BOWEL TROUBLES &
m Undigested food in the human body -will ferment a hundred times as §§3
ego quickly ;a summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, boweb ¥ffl
gu poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, raj
jfijj ayser.icry, cholera, appendicitis, and in so«e regions yellow fever and ifa
fig tne plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper lai
j3 thinjj :s to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body PaH
ga ever/ day— not give it a chance to sour ia the stomach and bowels. js|
raj \ on v/iil slop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and £M
W healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not S§f
£« harsh and violent ia itsaction. The only safe system-cleaner to take . KiM
55 in s-mraer, because it will not casse diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets Hi
|2 Ail druggists, iOc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in balk. The genuine tablet §81
S3 stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cere or your money back. Sample and las
f\ bc:.:..ct free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or Now York. 635 jMPicnic at Shell Monnd.
Members of the Scandinavian So-
ciety will spend to-day at Shell Mound
Park on an outing. There will be a
great mauv attractions and valuable
prizes are to be given during the day.
There will be dancing until 11 p. m.
C. A. Anderson, president of the so
ciety, has the picnic in charge.
The novena in honor of St. Anne,
the mother of the Blessed Virgin!
which opened in St. Francis Church
last Sunday, will end next Tuesday
evening. This evening the pastor, the
Rev. Father T. Caraher, will preach
upon "The Veneration of the Saints."
Next Tuesday the closing sermon, with
"St. Anne" for its subject, will be de
livered by the Rev. Father Robert T.
Sesmon. At the close of the devotions
a large number of applicants will be
received' into the confraternity of St.
Anne, which w^ ' canonlcally estab
lished a year ago in St. Francis
Church.
Novcna at St. Francis.
Believing himself to be a, victim of
a get-rich-quick scheme, IT. F. Hob
son yesterday commenced suit In the
Superior Court for the appointment of
a receiver for the Pacific States Mer
cantile Company and for the recovery
of 54525 invested in 374 of the con
cern's "merchandise contracts." Hob
son's attorneys are L. G. Carpenter
and F. W. Sawyer.
The complaint throws considerable
light upon the company's methods and
makes the declaration that in order to
evade its obligations the "mercantile"
combination has caused the organiza
tion of two other corporations, to
which It Intends to transfer Its prop
erty, stock and assets.
Hobson alleges that the business of
the defendant company is contrary to
public policy and he says that it Is
guilty of fraud in that its contracts
cannot mature. He says that the
Postofflce Department has instituted
proceedings to shut the company out
of use of the mails and that within the
last few days four suits brought on
matured contracts have shown that
the concern cannot pay Its obligations.
It is further declared that the At
torney General of the State has been
requested to start proceedings for the
revocation of the license of the com
pany and it is believed that the action
will be instituted, but Hobson says
that before that time the company
will get rid. of its assets unless a re
ceiver i3 appointed.
Hobson avers that it has been the
object of the company to sell as many
contracts as possible and then cir
culate stories as to its Insolvency in
order to cause defaults of Installments.
A sample contract is given as an ex
hibit in the suit, from which it ap
pears that the company's plan was to
give $100 worth of merchandise for
$50. It was required that 85 down
should be paid and installments of
$1 50 a week for thirty weeks. On
default the contract was voided, but
those who had made all jthe payments
could get $100 /worth of merchandise
or the company would agree to sell
the stuff for $£5. Out of the payments
the company retained the 55 for its
own use and, 25 per cent additional.
Ten per cent went into the reserve
fund and the balance into the "re
demption fund" for the purchase of
merchandl-
Faith gives heaven's firmness.
Walla Walla Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men will entertain Its
members and friends next Tuesday
evening at Franklin Hall with a mus
ical, literary and special programme
and a dance.
Waliu Walla to Entertain.
Trouble is brewing in the Public
School Department as a result of the
filing of charges by Joseph O'Connor,
principal of the Mission High School,
against Albert M. Armstrong, head of
clasiscs In the same school. The
charges were recently filed by O'Con-
nor with Alfred Roncovieri, president
of the Board of Education, and with
Superintendent Langdon, who has
them ' under investigation and < will
shortly report thereon to the board.
Roncovieri left his copy of the
charges locked up in his desk before
he went East and Superinte'ndent
Langdon declines to make public their
nature before he has made h's of
ficial report. It is understood; how
ever, that the charges concern the
friction which has existed^for some
time between O'Connor and Arm
strong. The differences between the
To Receive Delegates.
Great actlvitj Is being shown In
Young Men's Institute circles In thi3
city In preparing for the reception of
the delegates to the Grand Council and
the celebration at the same time of
the twenty-first year of the order. A
committee of arrangements has been
formed, consisting of the presidents of
the fifteen San Francisco councils and
twenty-one other members appointed
by the grand president. James D.
Whalen. Meanwhile the members in
Crocket are getting ready to receive
the Grand Council and Judging from
all Indications the meeting there will
be a great success.
The baobao trees of Senegambia are
believed to be the oldest living trees
on earth. Some scientists have put
the age of one of thepe trees at 6000
year3.
two educators have reached such a
stage that O'Connor declares It is im
possible for him to get along with his
subordinate in a way that would re
dound to the best interests of the
school and he therefore requests the
Board of Education to transfer Arm
strong to some other school. The re
sult of the controversy is being await
ed with much interest by local peda
gogues. It Is certain, however, that
no action will be taken in the matter
until Roncovieri returns from his
Eastern trip. This will be about Aug
ust 1.
The Board of rEducation is making
preparations for the opening of the
public schools to-morrow. It Is ex
pected that there will be a large in
crease in the attendance of pupils and
In order to accommodate all applicants
a number of new classes will be estab
lished in some of the schools. Among
these decided on are the Noe Valtey
and the Dudley Stone schools, in each
of which a new class will be formed.
The latter school is having -in addi
tional story constructed, which will
not be ready for occupancy until Sep
tember 1. Every precaution has been
taken to prevent accidents during its
construction. Platforms have been
erected all around the building and
the roof will be finished in two weeks.
The pupils' will be excused from school
at 12 o'clock until the alterations are
finished.
About twelve assignments of teach
ers will also be made by the board on
O'Connor Wants the Head of
Classics ill the Mission
High School Transferred
Goes io Law to Recover Sum
From Alleged Get-EicTr-
Quick Contract Concern
PRINCIPAL WARS
WITH A TEACHER
HOBSON WANTS
HIS COIN BACK
Tuesday next from the substitute list.
The list now numbers forty and will
be considerably diminished when all
necessary assignments have been
made, including those to the new
classes that are to be established.
crisis suddenly developed in the rela
tions between Russia and Great Brit
•ain over the seizure of vessels in the
Red Sea revived all the worst poten
tialities of a spread to the great pow
ers of Europe of the armed conflict In
progress in the Far East At the meet
ing of the Northern Securities directors
the unceremonious refusal to even con
sider a proposition looking
! to a settlement of the dispute between
stockholders out of court gave strong
ground for an assumption that the is
sue between the two parties for the
control of Northern Pacific and of the
Northwestern railroad situation can
only be settled by the succes of one
or the other party.
There Is no question In American
financial circles which has caused so
much dread and anxiety as this. Yet
this week's incident had a stimulating
effect rather than otherwise upon the
market. The blunt assertion by the
leading organ in the iron trade that
the improvement had been taking place
chiefly in Wall street did not prevent
United States Steel preferred from sup
plying one of the principal sustaining
influences in the market. The damage
to the wheat crop in the Southwest was
similarly ignored on the Stock Ex
change. In looking back over the re
cent upward movement It is easy to
perceive what a dominant influence has
been played by Union Pacific. The di
mensions of the transactions and the
extent of the movement In this stock
1 carry conviction that the insiders and
banking interests in the property were
concerned in the dealings. This Involves
one of the principal groups of capital
ists which make up the dominant con
trol of the great railroad and financial
Institutions of the country. So signal a
demonstration of confidence In future
values as was implied by this opera
tion undoubtedly did more to Instill a
feeling of confidence into the general
temper than any independent study of
conditions and the drawing of infer
ences could supply. The advance has
proceeded under the confident assump
tion that it was following well-Informed
leadership.
The plethora of the money market
has been a contributing cause. Some
anomalies in the money situation have
not escaped discussion, however. The
congestion in New York Js seen to be
largely influenced by conditions in the
local banking situation which are the
outgrowth of the prosperous period of
the last few years and the large In
crease in banking: competition. Induce
ments to deposit both by outside banks
and trust companies and by Individual
depositors remain in force in the pres
ent stagnant money-market and throw
the burden upon the New York banks
of finding employment for idle reserves
In order to meet the charges for Inter
est allowed, while also Increasing the
obligations upon them for meeting ulti
mate reserve requirements.
Obligations by New York banks to
other banks and bankers are larger
even than usual, so that interior^ needs
for the crop movement will' enable out
side banks to draw more freely than
usual on New York reserves. The large
, increase In th'e taxes of Government ex
penditures over receipts has led to a
semi-official Intimation that the treas
ury will not be able to afford relief to
the money market this autumn and the
depletion of the Government's avail
able cash balance even leads to the dis
cussion of a possible necessity of with
drawal of Government deposits from
the banks. The war scare has also led
to a hardening of foreign exchange.
But the significance of the accompany
ing news of the shipment of a million
dollars in gold from Australia to San
Francisco Is not to be lost sight of.
The demand for remittance from New
York may be regarded as based In part
upon the expected receipt at San Fran
cisco of this gold.
There has been occasional hesitation
manifested in the bond market, but the
tone has been good. United States
bonds are unchanged on call from last
week.
'As a result of the recent State
Christian Endeavor Convention he.ld
In Santa Rosa, where the grand chorus
of over one hundred voices was such
a feature, the young people j of San
Franci3co are organizing a chorus for
this city. It will be known as the
Masterpiece Choral and will be under
the direction of Professor Carl Saw
veil, who directed the Santa Rosa
chorus. A call has been issued, signed
by the president of Golden Gate
Christian Endeavor Union. J. W.
Hatch; president of the Epworth
League Alliance, Percy F. Morris;
ex-State President 'J. E. White and
half a dozen prominent pastors of the
c!ty. The purpose ia to improve the
music of the churches, the voices of
the singers and give sacred concerts.
The proceeds above expenses will be
devoted to charitable work. The first
concert will bo given about Thanks
giving time. The rehearsals will be
held in the parlors of the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church, on Geary
street, between Gough and Octavia,
every Monday nisht. i - -
To Improve Church" Music.
¦While the week's market has shown
many signs cf instability and prices
have wavered constantly, the move
ment was as constantly stopped short
of a precipitate decline. The effect has
been to impress sentiment with the
strength of the forces behind the mar
ket and to encourage hopes of an early
resumption of the advance. The email
r-fTect produced upon prices by hap
r-osings which seem to have a positive
bearing against values has the same
encouraging effect. One of the most
notable features of the present rise in
prices has been the indifference toward
new developments. Thus during the
past week there were numerous inci
dents that would have upset specula
tive confidence in an ordinary period
ef doubt and uncertainty. Monday
morning brought a set of opinions from
Western raliroad traffic officials which
plainly admitted their apprehen
tion that the crop damage had caused a
halt In the revival of confidence In
business, which threatened another pe
riod of hesitation and curtailment, with
resultant effect on railr/aad traffic. The
Th» bank statement reflected al! of
the expected gain in cash reserves and
carried that item, as well as loans ajid
deposits, to new record figures. As
nearly haif cf the Increase in deposits
was In cash there was a margin of In
crease In the surplus of over 55,000.000.
bringing that item to the unusual fig
ure of ?SO,60S.CO0. The offering of call
loans this week to below 1 per cent is
thus easily understood. The market
closed irregular and at small changes.
Total sales of bonds, par value,
$1,053,000.
The stock has been very irregular
throughout the week and its occasional
Etrensth has been manifested In a very
speedy manner. The impression made
upon speculative sentiment, hrv.vever,
has been to increase confidence in the
underlying strength. Professional oper
atcrs have held to en opinion that a
normal reaction after the considerable
rise in prices was overdue, and the
attitude toward the -market has been
one cf constant suspicion. It is usual
for the securities market to be left toJT-^
heavy after so considerable a specula
tion for the advance as that which has
tarried prices to their present level, and
the :lrst sign of reaction is likely to
I rir.g upon the market a flood of be
lated profit-taking or sales by specula
tive buyers at the top to save losses,
•with the sold-out bulls adding sales on
the short side to force the reaction and
get back stocks at a lower level.
BTREXGTH IS POWERFUL.
NEW YORK. July 23.-A marked
subsidence of speculative interest was
observed In to-day's stock market,
partly attributable to the short session
end the rush from the city for the er.d
week holiday. But the limit to the pres
ent active movement was pretty
clearly thov.-n by the dullness yester
day. There wfes the same hesitation of
prices to-day, but the undertone -waa
firm end there "was little pressure to
sell, simply a cessation of the recent
large buying in different Quarters of
the list. The settlement of the incident
of the Russian seizures in the Red Sea
seemed eo -well defined as to leave lit
tle ground for uneasiness. It is prob
able, however, that some repressive ef
fect Is still felt, from the sudden possi
bilities of trouble developing by the in
cident. The only feature in to-day's
market vas the special firmness of the
Iron and steel stocks. United States
Steel preferred added 7-S to its week's
fain and the stocks of the independent
companies made some sharp advances.
Rumors emanated from' the neighbor
hood of the meeting of presidents of
the United States Steel subsidiary com
panies, which. Increased the conjectural
earnings for the second Quarter of the
year to J20.00a.003.
THE MOXEY MARKET.
Stocks Have Been Irregu
lar, but There Is a Power
ful Underlying. Strength
STEEL AND IEOX FIRM
Conditions That Usually
Have Effect on Money
Market Are Impotent
ALL THE SIGNS
ARE PROPITIOUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904:
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
11 When the patient is weak, the doctor says "Drink Beer." m
1| When the nerves need food, beer is the usual prescription. So m
1 in insomnia; so in nervousness. M
a i he doctor knows that malt and hops are nerve foods and f?
1|| tonics. And he knows that most people drink too little I||
fw fluid to rid the system of waste.
I He knows that pure beer is good for you. I
1| That is why he says "Schlitz/' He knows that Schlitz beer m
M is brewed in absolute cleanliness. It is even coble'd in m
S filtered air. And every bottle is sterilized. m
h- Half the cost of our brewing ' \s spent to insure absolute m
J|i purity. Ask for the brewery bottling. , g^
§KM , Los Anie!es -SHERWOOD &. SHERWOOD-San rranclaco. .
Wlfoc Beer That Made Milwaukee f amous.
RACE DOVE?
Xot a Bit of It.
A man "who thought his race was run
8t:ade a food find that brought him back
o perfect health.
"One year ago I waa unable to per-
orra any labor; in fact I was told by
ny phys!c2aiis that they could do noth-
ng further for me. I was fast sink-
Iing away, for an attack of grip had
left my stomach so weak it could not
direst any food sufficient to keep me
"There I waa Just wasting away,
growing thinner every day and weak-
er, really being snuffed out simply be-
ccuse I could not get any nourishment
from food.
'Then my sister got after me to try
Grape-Xuts food which had done much
good for her and she finally persuaded
me, end although no other food had
done me the least bit of good my
stomach handled the Grape-Nuts from
the, first and this food suppUe'd the
nourishment I had needed. In three
months I was so strong I moved from
Albany to San Francisco and now on
1~iy three meals of Grape-Nuts and
ream every day I am strong and \ig-
ruus and do fifteen hours' work.
"I believe the sickest person In the
orld- could do as I do. cat three meals
f "nothing but Grape-Nuts and cream
nd soon be on their feet again in the
ush of best health like me.
'1-N*ot only am I in perfect physical
ealth asrain. but my brain Is stronger
nd clearer than it ever was on the old
i«t. I hope you will write to the names
send you about Grape-Nuts, for I
mat to see my friends well and strong.
"Just think that a year ago I was
¦dying, but to-day, although I am over
S5 years of age, most people take me
to be less than 40, and I feel Just as
young as I look." Name given by
Postum Co., BatUe Creek. Mich.
There's a reason.
Look for the little book, "The Road
to Wellville," In each pkg. '
If tho SERVANT QUESTIOX
Is one of your tronbles— end It-
Reliable men. and women axe
seeking situations through
CALL ads.
£ >- JOI3 ROSENBERG'S. f JOE ROSENBERG'S. , | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. ' | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
H \W iPffiA' ¦ YOU ARE SURE TO BE SAFEV °^^^r f ° r -""*"•» §
'ill' $fl f$m$ J^/wW/SK • v Made of p<?au dc sold silk; tha J™J
1 v\ IM /''.£ **^-2*-im/)lP\ ft O . .....^t^. - ? " '' . crushed kind; 3 inches wide, with lF»
I l^ffiivJiiiitesr, H K» r "S; s !„„,, u,. crimd, I RAYING AND DOING always tally at. this store. What, you see in our ff . n Wn^«fub..W..^ i «= g
| wjr j> i|p aa ™£xS^i£s!k 1 3 ad - we warrant - y°» Wlli fini m our store - £
hrlWM VMKsHyib SADIES' PETTICOATS— HAND-MABE BATTETTBEBQ LADIES' SHIBT WAISTS- PERFECTION SXXBT IZO&DSB HOBMAHBT VAL OB PCIHT DE j^
I ',/ £ M^ Made of fast lilack silk-finished SCARFS OR RUNNEES— Made of imported madras and OE LIPTIS- PASIS LACE-
j| / r ' i\VM^^\ sateen, trimmed with a twelve- 54 indies long and IS inches percale; in plain, striped and fl?- JIade of extra, heavy .prosfrra in From 3 to S inches wide, all pearl
t\ \\ 5g \v$k raa. inch Hounce, two small ruffles and wide: in stars, rings, dots and urcd effects. This season's new- silk ribbon and fancy metal cl;-.s;>. odge. or the good-washing kind. pj
{/ j . tSSt t3« six vows of bias bands; tailor conventional designs. If you nst styles. Full 'puff sleeves, de- which attaches to the waist and In bow-knot, rose and leal de- m
1- ij «2Vfek.*^S stitched. You will find you are make them up yourself you will tachable collar, with tabs. You it may be arranged to lift the signs. You are always en the r*
I . wMt&2* on thc '''Flit side whm you can find you ;tro on the risht side, as cannot but be on tho right side skirt to any desired height. It right sidy when yon trade at the fr-^
f h< 1ZZ§i "** buy a ?1 - 25 pkirt Monday and you could not buy the material when you can buy ? 1.50 and $2.00 never loses Us grip and will not Price Cutter's, and especially »«j
I it Tuesday, at the Price Cutter's, for what we ask for these com- shirt waists at the Price; Cutter's tear the most delicate fabric. At when you. can buy a -Cc and 2oc t/J
J 1 \\ \ \ (8*0 • for i 05c plete 82.125 for 75c the Price Cutter's UUo lace for Oc pj
'' • - SV BABBT — ** TMBEOIDESIES — LADIES' COMSUSATIOai SUTTS^- COSSETS — INDIES' VESTS —
Jj! ' : lft.jn£2>*». --S^^^' ' For beautifying or millinery pur- For making up the new P'rench Low neck and no. sleeves, jersey The Royal "Worcester (the genu- I,ov,' neck and sleoveless. with a
rc& j .' ¦Pffietfj&'t : r :~--^-' -:rr. . poses. Made of French chiffon; CcicKt Cover. Full 10 inches ribbed, ankle length. Made of inc kinuh ilndc of fast black deep hand crochet lace; swisa Q
I .' MgBJECai^c^-^ 'z—z- '¦- ' - 3 yards long and 13 inches wide. wid«; in open-work patterns;-but- mercerized silk, velvet finish. In Italian <:lot:<.; low an<! medium Jibbed. Made of pure Vega s:ik. -,
W | BsSBS^SBJ^^^^^^^zX^^C^v In blaclc - white, navy, brown and ton-hole cJRe; the ;;ontf washing pink, blue and white. You can- bust and Ions over the abaomen: In pink. blue, white and black. V-,
**; ! blue. Vou will lind you aro on kind; in Mower and leaf designs. ' not but be on tho right side when rounded cut. hand gored. Three You cannot h*>lp being in the •
\ t'\ \ I Xtf^^^^*^ —^i^»i* — OLf*5& the right side and in the right \<n\ are on the right side and in you can get a $1.50 g:irm.-nt. only rust-proof side steels, garter at- right store and on the .right side r^
J rrtC : ' \ \ •» i *^^§^ 3: =s>-; r i t==3: * store when you can buy a $1.50 the right store when you can buy io bo had at the Price Cutter's tachments. Fitted nnd warrant- when you can buy a ?!.-..> «r:ir- £•
l/wffill i'\ 1 lfli^^ 1 ""* lll! »->JS3 : "^e veil for Sl.OO a 40c embroidery for 20c for Sl.OO cd 81. 5O - raent for 85c -
/(jig! ,k |;. t O Ct — — — -."" Q — — — — n u> to—
fn&.WtyM I ' LADIES' VESTS — CHirFON — A POEH IMPBOVEr. — — EI3JBONS — LACE COLL AS AND TAB — ~
*{$y? } fMtJl — - .r^TutnlUW^ 1 ''' Low neck and no sleeves, deep (The imported kind.) All silk. Lidy Bufford. The new vcntilat- Hade of extra heavy taffeta, sash Made of Point Venice lace, with 22
¦Htil\\ \\wV\ ~<<iW Imfr^ ~"— lo '° v<)kt - Made of English high luster; 42 inches wide; for ed bustle, summer weiprht, filled ribbon width, corded edgr*; in large medallion tab. In Arabian £j
AlMff \lH» i ' '" fill! I thread; in tho new openwork lace millinery j:nd dress purposes. In tvith sterilized hair; also ventl- satin dotted effects; solid colors. or white. In butterfly and clover
$Blt IrK arn'illffitij mim~IL.Li.sr effect. In whitn only. You can- white, pink, blue and black. On lated rings, made of near-silk. In - In pink. blue, white, cardinal. leaf designs. Instead of 25c and
j\ V ;T!h Sv' bBLiJJ" 'I -Hi I Hr not but be on the right sld« when the right side and In the right pink, blue, white and gray. Light lemon and black. The right side 35c you are sure you are on the »
«i\ //A f V-w^ 1 ' 0u can ln;y a -' jC anrt 35c par " sture only can you buy these for in weight, but ulso light in price you'll be when you come here to right side when you can buy ""I
/ u' ill/w rthv^Wlliil ment at the PriceCutter's for 10c the yard 25c 25c buy them for 12^aC them for 15c *J"
/•' i ffiiW&$W^ ' LADIES ' GI.OVSC— ' COUSETS— ~ LADIES' JINITTEC PSAWER3- """* LADIES' V2STS— *"* CHILD'S VE3T3— . PJ
>^(//'i>*^^^(§&X. Tne celebrated Kayser make. C. B. A La Spirite. The corset Made of Sea Island thread; In high neck and long sleeves, or High neck, long sleeves and sum-
±(tlLl ''////, i!'lJ^ :J t>wOi?nTP Suede lisle, two patent elasps, that has received th* highest French bnnd. umbrella shape; high neck and short sleeves; made m^r v.'eisht; jersey knit; velvet «^J
'ETC? 1» WfflSrw 1 ilk stitched backs. In tan. award. Low, medium or high finished with a deep torchon lace. of summer weight thread, jersey finish. Pants to match; all sizes. m
CfiTTr U<!faWm4&>§$«^3 champagne, gray, while and bust; Princess hip and Paris No iron or starch needed in wash- knit. In white only. If you up- Just tho garment f<>r the little £~
J*!Mh, jP*WtUP*@^s!S3:r^\ black; kid in^fit and finish. O:i Point efTeet front. In black ing The right garment and in predate a perfect finished and ones. When you find what others 3T
' W n)&r .«&^1b TT" '— '^ ' the right side and In tho right white or drab. Only to be had at the right stiKro to buy them for fitting garment you will buy these ask you will know you are on the £J
V 'M* Kljwt*S»» -^^ : — - --— store. Our price 50e * the Price Cutter's for .. . .SI. OO 50c for 25c _ right side. Our price 25c £*?
-TrfTfit-—-^ INDIES' DEAWE3S — ; BTJCKLSS O3 BELT PHIS — **"*. LA PAEI3IEKKE PSEHOe" SIDE COM28 — TOBCHOIT L£.CE — fS
lUlKfi ' l|! III' Made of Island thread, sum- Made of hard metal; in silver, TAPE GIRDLE COSSET — Made of tortone shell, smooth Made of Belgian thread; from V* 1«*
'Jilllfff * mer ei & nt - ankle length, French oxidized and gold; in leaf, wheat Made of twilled tape, rust-proof * and highly polished teeth; the to 2 Inches wide; the good wash- V*
',(]|l|Vj? band. For the exacting, you will and head designs. Real worth steels- finished with large satin crinkled kind that .will not come ing kind. Over 100 patterns to *A
I" 'i' always find you are on the right 25c. but you are always on the ribbon bow. In pink. blue, white out and hold the stray locks choose from. No premium?;, but 5
side when you buy at the Price right side when you buy here. and black. At the Price Cutter's neatly and firmly in place. At on the right side for values. *™|
Cutter's. Our price 25c Price ..35t: 32c the Price Cutter's for. .A pair lOc Our price 8c {It
Q O O ¦ — — — —o Q 1 — O O m
• LADIES' EUHKER SKIRTS — LADIES' KOSE — LADIES' COLLARS j LADIES' OVER-COLLAR OR RIB- J*
>\ Made of imported white pique. f^fVll? 14^^ TU Sample line. Muda of French Made of white swiss embroidery. U4fH>I IR BCIT PEOTSCTOE — *
<8 full flare effect; strictly man VH& £1 V VOX Hsle and English thread, plain with openwork thread and large V^Pifi**"!!^/ V/IV Made of Point de Gene lace; In C/5
w» tailor-stitched bands; all seams and fancy colored tops, full fin- scallop and tab; in the real hand- . butterfly and clover leaf designs. fTJ
£ strapped. Instead of $1.50 you Q A| 7> MNE TO TEN ish: 4Oc and 5Oc quality on our made designs. On thc right side TEN TO' ELF VEN CAS IT In "white or Arabian. On , the m
O will find you are on the right side CJ/'lwAv'i : bargain counter Monday and for an extra low price for a good ' ' - O/^*L^J&-'» right side, of course, for such low *,
*^ when you can buy them for.. 95c ' Tuesday ...' 2Oc collar like this. Price 25c prices as this Oc K
•C O O That means that Q — ,q — Q DRESS SHIELDS O Q C/J
t LADIES' HAIIDICEKCKISrS — At^W^f^. not one milaute be ~ LADIES' BELTS — j OEHTS' HAOTJ KERCHIEFS — - — Nainsook covered, .^^Jp^^. SIDE GARTERS —
w» Made of Belfast lawn, neat and JrVT*.^br fore or not onG mln ' Made of white, canvas, steam Made of extra heavy white Bel- Interlined with veg- f /y. The kind that attaches to your *»J
S* narrow hemstitch; soft and jf^V^j.!*,^*^* ute after. Kino Hun- shrunk, in the new girdle effect. fa«t lawn full size, hemstitched. etable substance, g*t- I corsets. Made of fancy frilled f\
,5 ready for use. No premiums or fhisl tssfi dred YardB °.f RIB- with extra strong gold and silver Only to be had at the Price Cut- which are odorless f ™,| lisle elastic, with a can't-slip >+
r% prizes, but the right store and the xnT^T^T^S BOSr - A " silk taf " adjustable buckle3. Price.. 1 Of ter's for, apiece -3c and washable. The I" i»ii!hiiio I patent button clasp. At th* Price
2 right side. Apiece :$e XS& ArS "* J 5fc? ieta. width No. 60, Q a -—6 Crown brand 5c \A at torn Cutter's A pair lOc -^
M f\ —a ¦/ & it \vtf' four inches wide, <q-9 j£Stv CtPfe. CFfe jet*. JF% W&. «t ««•*. <wek. wv ,«*% -rue- nn ir~tr BLACK JKT- V^ Jy- .. y Jf Q - Q p"
CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS. washable, satin dot- *j /f\fc fijT* §0? ST% g|^ B%| Ml gP O fi^ THE PIU Ut HEADED PINS— 3EATJTiriER3— L.
» • Made of extra strong Union lawn. n , . „. , m *^ e Jf5l\ '^f 9 I %> W ?l fl^V 1^8 P&R^ CUTTER e an ?, f n .lSSPn«1«t fin In ho* for At prices that will please. 54 g
2 with fancy colored designs, such only. (1 he imported kind.) Price S%#<lrt^ olr „ , _ .- « o A steel and needle point. 60 in box for inches long; made in criss-cross. $£
3 es cowboys, drummer boys and FftUP Tpllh 0$ ' Ol6 Market St. II O FaiTell St. OnP Cpnt, 5 pi^*5 w , eb^ and pl^ in: , . chenU T le r 1
X sailors. Warranted fast colors. «* O«» V/eillS ,. . „ V/S1C vBUU . dotted borders and sides. In
O Price A dozen 20c , MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. , white or black. Our price. .25cThe local lodges of the Knights of
Pythias have completed all arrange
ments for the reception to be tendered
next Wednesday night in the Alham
bra Theater to Grand Chancellor
Burns and other grand officers. This
promises to be the greatest reception
ever given in the name of this order
in San Francisco. An interesting .and
entertaining programme has been pre
pared for the occasion and several
good orators, including: the grand
chancellor, will address the meeting.
The uniform rank of this city and of
Aiameda County will form in the ar
mory on Golden Gate avenue and pro
ceed to the Palace, under command of
Captain J. K. Ritter. for the purpose
of escorting the head of the order and
other grand officers to the theater.
To Receive Pythian Chief.
School Books.
New and Second-Hand.
Kins Bros., 27 Fourth St.: •
LONDON. July 23.— George Meredith,
the father of contemporary English
letters, has been giving vigorous ex
pression to his opinion on current af
fairs.
Regarding journalism he said: "It is
most likely that practical Journalists,
like practical politicians, will have to
go largely on opportunist lines. Though
most of my work has been imaginative,
I have done a certain amount of jour
nalism and I recognize its difficulties.
But it has extraordinary power, too,
and great opportunity for fine influ
ence. It has almost taken the place of
government.
"It is true that the editorials in near
ly all the newspapers have fallen off
very much only quite recently In power
and character. I don't know what the
reason for that Is, but still newspapers
have very great Influence.
"The power and functions of govern
ment are undoubtedly diminishing. I
don't know whether we 'shall reach the
time when there will be no government
at all, as some people hope, but cer
tainly that is the tendency. Tyranny,
which is the complete form of govern
ment, has been tried and proved to be
impossible. We shall never have that
again unless the democracy betrays it
self."
George Meredith, the Father of Con
temporary British Letters, Dis
cusses Newspaper Influence.
SAYS JOURNALISM ALMOST
TAKES GOVERNMENT'S PLACE
own canoe."
"I have been unable to give the
British Government any hope that the
treaty to which it lent support will be
ratitied by the United States. New
foundland is and has been anxious to
secure reciprocity upon a mutually
advantageous basis with our great,
friendly neighbor. To secure that end
I have made every effort consistent
with the dignity and interest of tho
colony. More than this, Newfound
land has given American fishermen
during fourteen years rights which it
has power to withhold. It has been
a matter of comment in connection
with Joseph Chamberlain's campaign^
that Newfoundland gives America
greater privileges than the mother
country.
"The next movement in the matter
must be on the part of America. In
the untoward event of our failing to
secure any measure of reciprocity it
may become necessary — although I
hope it never will, to put into execu
tion those differentiating tariffs, which
the other British colonies have enacted
against foreign countries. The adop
tion of our 33U per cent preferential
tariff in favor of British manufactured
goods would turn the whole of our
business with the United States over
to Canada. Newfoundland has not so
far adopted this preferential tariff be
cause it was thought that sooner or
later the United States — both from the
viewpoint of self-interest . and in re
turn for a material sign of genuine
friendship, would enact the reciprocal
agreement. It would be absurd for
me to say this as in any sense threat
ening a tariff war.
"It was not a question of reprisals,
but the people of Newfoundland can
not be expected to let this remain an
open question forever, when every
body on the island knows that Amer
ica is trading under advantages not al
lowed by any other British colony, and
while Newfoundland products entering
the United States are taxed to almost
a prohibitive degree."
Sir Robert Bond has given the Brit
ish Government a frank expression
of the views regarding the suggested
confederation with Canada. When
questioned on this subject. Sir Robert
replied:
"I am strongly opposed to any such
amalgamation. Newfoundland neither
desires nor needs confederation. There
are no advantages to us in s\ich an ar
rangement compared with the disad
vantages It would entail. There is no
such movement worth mentioning on
foot in New Foundland. The oldest
British colony can maintain the most
pleasant relations with her Canadian
sister, but she intends to paddle her
LONDON, July 23. — Sir Robert
Bond, Premier of Newfoundland,
sailed for home to-day on the steamer
Buenos Ayrean from Liverpool, after
having settled up Newfoundland's
share in the Anglo-French treaty.
Interviewed on the subject of the
Hay-Bond treaty, which is awaiting
ratification by the Senate, the Premier
said:
People Seek for Reciprocal
Terms With Uncle Sam
and Want to Act Alone
PREMIER IS EMPHATIC
Sir Robert Bond Says the
Island May Set Up Tariff
Wall Against This Country
NEW FOUNDLAND
MAKES THREAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, JULY 24, 190*.
30
BRIGHTEN UP THE CARPET,
Make the rooms look cheerful.
Our ud\ erasers will quote you
prices. Sec CARPET CLEAN-
ING COLUMNS. •
ADVERTlSEMEyTS.
woman's breast
Anytumor,lump,or sore onth'e lip, fact
cr anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never pain
until almost past cure!
two Physicians Offer $1009 if They
Fail to Care Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE .
for 30 days. ¦ '
Not a dollar need be paid until cured.
An Island shrub or plant makes the cures
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Best book on cancera ever printed sent free
with testimonials of thousands cured whom
you can see. A
«f \k- f[ /skx^. breast -will poison
J^k. tS ?§_ ._rf tL^X glands In the arm-
jdMEafiSnW^^au P ]t « where-cure is
H jSSSWPfirS'^Tire^ thirty years we
i CtArj'jUb.^'H r y*^ ha*« cured more
» I W*Cj5J«'%pyw£_b «'aiicer« than any
X-Ray or other ¦
a.^^**^vf"^B>S^ Absolute) grnar-
DR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third SU San Francisco
SE.VD TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEB,
)¦
f Perfect Fitting {/rY
Eyeglasses' cM
At Moderate Cost (\
V 642
\ MERCHANT TAILORS,
\ 622 Market Street.
\ Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel, s
? SAN FRANCISCO. |
I Novelties in Imported Wear. }
STATTEyVVENT
— or the —
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEW ENGLAND MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTOX. IS THE STATE OK MAS-
on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903, and for the year ending: on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of tha Political Coda
of said State.
ASSETS.
Xet value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company J2.409.W2 60
Amount of Ix)ans eecured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 10,020,278 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 1.320,940 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken ln payment of prem-
iums on policies now in force... 186,659 36
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
Pany 18,503,031 00
Amount of Cash deposited in
Banks 438,817 45
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 2.067 63
Interest accrued but not due 1SS.3SS 85
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums 634,503 73
Loans made to policy holders on
Company's policies, assigned as
collateral 2,053,770 12
Rents due and accrued 15.8&4 91
Total Assets $35,784,010 60
LIABILITIES. ———
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
-I jald *208.ei0 00
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not /
<*"* 112.848 00
Claims resiEted by the Company. . 6,600 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with 4 per cent Interest 31,943 483 81
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 212,647 93
Present value of unpaid amount!
on matured Installment policies 68 220 68
Ah other Liabilities 22,063 89
Total Liabilities .$32,563,408 71
INCOME. ~ ~ —
Cash received for premiums oa
new policies during the year.. $.649,130 78
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year '1 '4,282,858 92
Cash received for Interest 1,358,103 32
Cash received for rents i 181,603 01
Cash received from all other
sources 8.715 37
Total Income $0,483,500 88
EXPENDITURES. = 5
Cash paid for losses and matured '
endowments ?2,478,1B9 78
Cash paid for surrendered policies 492,640 62
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 649,167 18
Commissions paid to agrents .... 676,053 84
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 176,151 42
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 66,783 70
Medical examiners" fees and sal- •
arles B7.371 83
Cash paid for taxes 122,043 12
Cash paid for rents 63,616 30
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions • 10 634 77
All other cash payments 198,482 79
Total Expenditures during tJbft
year $4,781,805 80
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT!
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.$223,030 17
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. 17,022 61
Total $245.052 78
Deductions during the
year as follows: , •
Amount ot notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In payment
of losses and claims... $22,850 73
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used ln purchase '
of surrendered policies. 6,671 57
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used ln payment
of dividends to policy
holders £91 30
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by laps«
of policies 6.0S9 75
Amount of note* and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker ln cash 13,006 47
Total reduction of '
Premium Note Ac*
count . $45,393 42
Balance note assets
at end of the year.. $196,659 36
BENJ. T. STEVENS.. President.
8. F. TRULL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of February, 11)04.
JACOB A. BARBET. Notary Public.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
«n BA J lT «V, ETT d0 ' g not guarantee to cure
all the Ills that humanity is heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
cu d U *" Ot Bartlett Water and many
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
springe, -where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, ?3 00 to $9 00 par
wWK.
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
_ rlte ~ J ' E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St. San
Francisco.
1gilroyL_
[hot springs]
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9 a. m.,
regular stage; 3:30 p. m., spe-
cial .stage. Write for pam-
phlets. R. ROBERTSON.
The table at...
AETNA SPRINGS
Is supplied . with the best
in the market and the
cuisine is excellent. Vege-
tables, fruit, milk and eggs
are home productions.
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa Go., Calif. ,
Santa Gatalina Island
3Vs Hours From Los Angeles. Beasoa 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing
golf, tennis and the finest fishing oa the
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able ratea;
Hotel Metropole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further information address
PliCK-S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery gt.. or BANNING CO.. 222 S
Spring gt.. Los Angeles.
HotefEL CARMELO
Paclllc Grove, California. "The Little Dei
Monte." At the seaside with home comforta.
The Dlaeo to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 60 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address OEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Erery one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney dlseaaea.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write toW. B, PRA-
THER.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville ln a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting tho river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats: will build a dam in the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing
Adulte %2 per day, $10 per week; children
tinder 10 half ratea. Special ratea for fam-
ilies. Opens May .4. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So- I
noma County, Cal.
THE ANCHORAGE,
Beautifully situated among the redwoods, sum-
mit Santa Cruz Mountains: private boarding-
new rustic cottages for housekeeping. For full
particulars address The Anchorage. Wrights
Santa Clara County. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS.
.II. KOENER, PrOD. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. II. KOENER will manage springs;
many improvements; new cement bathhouse,
and gaa all over place; $2 day; $10 and S12
week. Office, 833 Larkin st., cor. Geary or
Mark Weet Springs, Santa Rosa. Rural No. 0.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck, Sisklyou County. California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
, eck ,5^, Bur * au * u Montgomery at. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 19U0 feet altitude; no
fog; cllmate delightful} large orchard; vegetable
garden: hot, cold batha; spring water; cement
EWtmming tank, 40x80. Rates $S week up; atage
tmets train. Bchuler tc Scheben. Napa. CaL
JOHflNNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
i^c: |10 and 412 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
EN .5H5? JR " Pr0D - Oakville, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. SO Montgomery st
CAUrOBNXA BEOWOOD TASK (Big
Basin)— Union Mill Camp and Tavern; 8 miiea
fi cm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Daily atage.
Family table. Furnished cabins;, camping
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Uniier the giant
redwoods,— perfect climate; grand ecenery,
"SEPP" CKAHAMER. Boulder Cwek. Cal.
California Northwestern Railway
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA
DEER HUNTING.,, j
The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.
The DEER SEASpN opens
Jnly isth in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August ist ;¦ in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; Jrly 15th in Marin
County.
Black Bass Fishing,,,
Opened July ist. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion.
TAKE YOUR ROD— Oor Rivers
and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws arc enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
1904," to be had at the offices of the
Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Ofllce*. 650 Market st (Cnroa'el*
building) and Tiburon Ferry; General OfSe*.
Mutual Life. Building, corner California and
Sansome sts.. San Francisco. CaL
JAS. L. FRAZIER, General Manager.
R. X. ItTAN. General Passenger Agent.
DR. O. C. O'IDOISTN-EILjI-i'S
jyi INEKAL SPRINGS AT GLEJi ELLJEN.
*»» th« best camping picnic and pleasure re-
sort on th« coast. The greatest remedy fur
lung disease. Uver and stomach compUints.
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 44
miles from S. P. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& H. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
bo fogs nor poison cak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONXELI* offlc*
1021V. Market it., bet Sixth and Seventh. Saa
Francisco.
ho roa cax? kzexeb! hew England home!
Located ln a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and Lath-
ing, pavilions with .pianos, fresh fruits ia
plenty. Board and lodging, only SS to $7 er
week. Address GEORGE IIARISON". Ouap
Meeker. Sonoma County.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hoclar.d. Leave Hopland at 12: JO;
arrive at LakeDort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pajsengsr
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purrhaaed ac office
of California N. W. Ry.. 620 Market ez., at
at Tiburoa ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Prop*.
WHITE SXTUHTja SPKINQS, Vallalo.
Cal. — Moat accessible springs to Saa b raacisco;
round trio $L no stage fare; only 2Vfc hours* ,
ride; 5 miles from, Vallejo; hot. coll and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful curea of rhau- 7
matlsm. neuralgia, eczema, kidney Uver and '
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds aad lak*
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffla board Rates. :
$10 a week. Including batha. Addreu MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
Sotel del Cazadaro— Olant Redwood
Grove: tree Camping. Hunting, fishing. *^»Nng.
boating, dancing, livery stable; first-etaaa
board. Eausalito ferry; round trip. (3 75. good
six months. Rates. $2 day. $10 to $14 weak}
reduced rates by the month. Villa lota for tala.
J. J. THIRION. Prop., Cazadero. Soaoma Co.
Cal.. cr North Shore Railroad. C3 Market at.
OW9 ln mountains OaKP
STTMBXXS SOUS of Sonoma Co. XESXaS
Pure water. equabl» climate, lots seUla* $13 <
up; cottages built by Meeker. |3O up; depot;
stores: restaurant: hotel: post and expreasf
telephone: sawmill: 900 lots sold; 300 cottage*
built Bausallto ferry. N. 8. R. R. M. O.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Scnoma Cooaty.
occiDKarrAi. hotx:., hatwajlds.
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling;
amusement hall, eta. Special rate* to fanHltea.
Terma reasonable. A. GAUDAJU>. Prop.{
phone Black 141.
GKAITD CEKTEAIi HOTBIi. OaerB*-
Tllle CaL— N«w management: thonraraly re-
fitted and improved. Headquarter* far hssUrt
ind flshen.. Ratea $8 and $10 a wtk. Al- ,
dress F. PLATH. GueraevlUe. CaL
KOKTH BEOSS HOTBi — On Tomal««
Bay. Good table and accommodation* JEwbh
gas-lighted Prices rery reajonabls. ICW. J.
SHIELDS. Marahalls. Marln County. CaL
SCHAErEJfS OBOVB— »OSS VAT.TVTrr.
Private boarding; term* reaaonabla, T»aai
meets Sunday morning trains. A44r*»* UB±
MATT UNP3AY. Roaa SUtlon. . j
&TVXXSZ9S SOTEL and COTTAO23
—Near beach; »O acrea beantlful grounds; spj-
clal rates to families: WTlte for booklet, w.
BAREON. Proprietor. Santa Crua.
B£ZJU2TT7S KOTICt, 33 ?•**««, »?•
norna Co.. Cal Terma. $1 day aad up; hot
mlSTral aprtaga near by. *«** *****££'
phone; dally malL JOHN BERRg3. PrcprUtof.
POB KEITT CAMP KSSXXS COT-
TAOE, furnished complete lor - bouso-
keeplng. Box 2381. Call.
MISCELLAXEOCS.
Woman
i^my§T\W"YWn is interested and should know
atwnt the wonderful
eM : a«\lA^\lR MARVEL Whirling Spray
\ S^^-3QL\M tionttn-i .Surtion. Be»t— *»'-
4.k ynr ira t "$*t tor \t. y^ ML- _
If hiranrot supply 'he V fZj^f ¦'•¦,vi/^>f
SIAnVKI.. accept nn N^L v '^.' ,£>->_-
other. but wnd Blamp for «(v F^- '/.'¦\y
»Un»tratedN>ok-»»»t»^- Itglve* V. / . '''#jf
f nil particular* and directions In- Kh, / jf
Taluable to ladies. M.* It VRL COk,^/ ,; ,. , , 'M
41 1'ark now, Sew 1 ork. * a^. **S
152 New Montgomery, Saa JTranelsco, Cal.
William lUttaroth (LadleaT Dept.), 224 Sutler.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
OsgooJ Brothers. . .7th and, Broadway, OaSund.
Baldwin P^rraacy.... 11» EUils
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
??_A?P5i a !^ n ' 1
__
7BSSH AND SALT STXATS.
f*Q ROYF^ Jf- HI Shlppin? LTatohers. 10»
JAj. dUIEJ g tU. Clay: Tel. Main 1234.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLI3.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone aialn 1T1».
PR1NTCTO.
Lf HTTfiHF^ PRINTER.
c
LEADING BCSXKBBB COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over Ci Post et.. ?an Francisco. Cal.
Ertab. 40 rears. Open T.tire year.day & night.
Write for circulars (Tree).
VON MEYERINCK %T^-^n* 1^.".
FAN FRANCISCO. HstabH&hed 1W5
Pre-eminently the largest and best
?quipped school on th» Pacific Ooa*t — oftVr-
ir.g a!l the Hdvantares of Eastern nn.l
Durr.pean ccriservatcri^s for a thorough
musics! education. Prospeotun upon ap-
fillcatlen. V:»itnt- C to the World's Fair. fct.
Lnu:s. er» invited to examine the exhibit
<<f the ichopl. K4ucatlonal Building. Cali-
letrrt'n School r.xlilblt.
New Quarters — More Space
FITTER 1ZOOMS.
Ji;*t moved Into cur new iuom?: new fire-
proof bu<12i::»r. 3 elevators, electric lights,
fteam h*st. I>o more for students thsn ever
before. Th!< is the college that secure* so
trsny ros.tions.
San Francisco Business College,
735 Mirsion tt.. Near Third.
Polytechnic BueI-
V^-^JS^]?^. ress Collctre and
i^fcrS isi*t?V^& School of Enei-
jW^JSJS^J^KlS: neerinr. Oakland.
CaL — Largest and
l«*^VTr' : rTV:rf f^'!*i.'2£l t> *' st school
tKgXVwfi^D^riqf.'iyqgt of bueinets. shorthand
P^vyj .'j^nnT tnt * engineering west
WWffiWtF&W* '' cf Chica K°- Perfect
-f_> If I'M "*' __ >- " climate. Expenses
~~ low. Write for free
100-pEfe <-a:aic£!ie.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Seminary coun»» accredited to the unlversi-
t.'e# and leading Eastern colleges; rare opportu-
r.:: .<>¦ offered in music, art and elocution. Thir-
t>-n'.nth ycMr. I'all term opens August 10t
1801. Write fcr catalogue to
MKS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O., CAU
THE LYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory school for the unl-
lersity. law and medical colleges, is well
known for its careful and thorough ivork. Come
• nd be with us; we prepare you well; refer-
ence?. Preeiaent Jordan cr any Stanford pro-
"ttscr. Phe!an f.uildlng.
L. H. GRAU. Ph. D.. Principal.
V I'VJiiM =/-2 BUSINESS COLLfCE
iff V i W Uookkeeping, Typing,
¦ 111 V fTSK' Shorthand. Penmanship,
It H kV R'f'w Indh-idual instruction,
lii.lt: Ek l Course, a
»*ii.*i^ a-B>^ month: day and eve.
Bancroft ISIdg.. 7i»3 Market St.
HA/WL1N SCHOOL
ASTB VAN 25XSS SE JIIHABY.
1S49 Jacksor. St., S. F. Bearding and day
*chool for glrlE. Accredited by the leading
colleges and unlvreltlenL Special attention
srii-en to music. Reopens TUEFDAT August
». 1004. SAP.AK D. HAMLIN. Principal.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAKTJ. CAX.
Studies will be rt-fumfd MONDAY August 1.
l^C*- BRO. ZCXOXUX, President.
WF^TFRN Thorough business course. Eng-
II LO I (.nil ji^h, bookktepirK. thorthand, ar-
CllCluroc ithmelic, algebra, etc.. Civil Ser-
fcUjlNtoo v!cc - Individual instruction. Po-
titions for frraduates. Omo. (day)
T fill FRF *™ : Evc - S^ h °ol. « rno.. J24.
UULLt0L 1107 Market St.. cor. Seventh.
>»— >j - c • An enrollment or
¦cdirorrvicw *^j f.ur>w« tens
• ibe story of our
>VVI I rVCCV. success;new bulld-
Q^^V| *^V^ ta B. n « w ideas,
ffOIlCCVCj wholesome college
V-*-' ~ * lite; Catalosue, |
SS Golden. Gata ave.. g. T. i
~ f
MZSS V7EST-E SCHOOL FOB QIBLS, ;
ill4 VAN NESS AVE.. opeag Aug. 17.
Home and l>ay School. Accredited by leading
i-oliegfs. Kor catalogue address MART B.
V.EST. Principal. Kindergarten. Application. |
received betwef n 1 :.10 and o:3u p. m.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, !
BERKELEY.
KEOPI^S SCOirSAT. AUG. 8.
- p. a. boomx.
SCHOOL OP ILLUSTRATION
PARTING3DVS, 421 PINE ST.
O;deet cr-hool in America.
New T*rrvn B^gin* MONDAY. Aug L
DAY AND EVENING CLASS. j
SAZTTA CLARA COLLEGE.
Santa Clara. CaL
Etudies will be resumed on Tuesday. August |
2. For further infonnatlon apply to REV.
ROBERT G. KENNA. S. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PER ALT A PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding aad day school lor boys under IS yrs
eif «ge. bti.di.-i- commence MONDAY. Aug lsti
1904. Send for progpectus to Bro. Genebern.
Biichcock Military Academy
6AN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on August 18.
Apply to the Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE. -
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Junlcr fcchocl separate. Fall term begins Aug.
IT? ARTHUR _CROSBY. P.P.. H»ad Master.
|?4Vj'|ni.r^3kftJ'j5CT ' 8 t^" most practl-
f>w. I gT ; iT. jZf. ; ryir recommended
PfUJWlrf ' iVtHf il k B J y court re*
fcJSSfffTjVuSTr^? porters. Send lor •
*~ Market St. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
lltVINGTON. CALlKOnNIA.
Holds pre-eminently the confidence of !U t*.
trocs iiad the loyalty cf its pupils.
WILLIA31 WALKE^ANDERSON. Principal.
UniTT'v besir " Aus - ' Jtti i larger and
II 1 tl kU " : « <:r acuity than ever;
II VI I I W perfect sauitatloa: Illus-
trated catalogue. TV. J
MEREDITH, Vic* Principal. Menlo Par*. Cai.
TSS D"BTIVEH.SITY SCKOO&.
2310 CLAY STREET.
Will REOPEN on August 1 with
BERT X TUCKER, M. g.,
PilncipaL
COLLEGE O7 HOTEE SAME.
SAN Jufct, CAL. Exclusively tor boardln-
»Uidents. Fifty-third year. Courses; Clas«icai
Literary. Scieatitic, Conserratory. Oolleg*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate- and Pri-
mary Classes. £tud!ea resumed Tuesday Aus-
ust 2. 1'jQi. *' *
DA1O ALTO ACASSSC7. one mile from
¦ tytuniord University — Boys and young men
prepared ior Stanford. Berkeley or Eastera
colleges. Exceptional Advantages in Modern
Languages and lllgher Mathematics. Fall term
begin* Auru»t 22. For catalogn* address '
VaTVARP KOTPLRT. Palo Alto. Oat
The Weekly Call
W per Year* y
ui
1 uscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EVERY SAT lU THE YEAB.
,. To WHOM IT MAY CONCERN": A year and
, "* , months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
Dalance, stand, or even sit down, entirely loet.
£_ ?_2 >est doctors of San Francisco and Hot
u *?*• Ark -- fa"ed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
if". of ston iach head and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles became
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
orum. my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
my " erve » wrecked. Three months ago I went
10 .Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
» Pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
.°? k baths— after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys in per-
«ect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
m?Jf: meInor y sood. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
!•!? i lp J and dow n. steep hills; am cured of this
cread disease, now walk with slight limp.
kVI? 0 *?"-. Btores 1" seventeen towns of the
?.;„ °. California; am well known In down-
I? w , n ° lstrl cts of San Francisco; inquiry there
I win prove truth of my helpless condition three
yV??f?o' , " Bo - Fu rther Information, address
LOUIS JACOBS, a Stockton st.. Ban Francisco.
4^* ha^f "nndreds of testimonials from
?£l™w 8 ' nd !Wc ln 'tamps for bottle of
tr*5Sf *i" 1 cat " rrn Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
~~~~~— ¦ _
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
tan Francisco, temperature 115 degrees- no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank ln the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
;nPfJ!ifli|||g||
Situated ln Vendome Park of 12 I s
„. acres, a charming summer resort:
both city and country advantages;
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New au-
to road map of the county mailed on
application.
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PARAISO SPRIGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The moat popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F W
SCHROKDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN*
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
QlfAnYtQ H0T SPI «XCS. SONOMA
OntiUUU COUNTY; only 4% hours
from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: best natural
hot mineral water bath" in State FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; both
morning and afternoon stages. Round trln
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon
ferry dally at 7:30 a. in. or 2:30 p m
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Information at
Tourist Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery
8t. cr of J. F. MULORETV. Skaggs. Cal!
»•-••• * -
:: CAMP CURRY 1
• i
( i Get circulars at all railroad offices. I
? Advertised by 4000 guests. I
| .YOSEMITE |
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
¦ nd DR. MONROE CALLKNDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort in
tne State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DLRNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Deli
r. P.. Lake County. Cal.
| ~~ -— — — —
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California Bert
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays exc«pted) at 11:30 £ m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard An.
derson. Hobergs. Spiers, Astorgs and Glen-
rJ?AA, : ho , ur for lunch at Calistoga; also to
lliddletown Lower Lake. Keiseyvilie and
Lakeport. Livery In connection
¦ ™. SPIERS, 'Proprietor.
LA HONDA AND P5SCADERO
. B m y .«? r r -fJ lrOa ? i lcket to Re dwood City; 9
a. m train. Ji and Townsend. and 0 20 a. m.
traln from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwd City!
IIAITTIA Menlo Park, one hour from
tin III" V S U^' , Nina trains daily. Per-
il IJ I E 1 al fect . cllmate : beautiful place;
1 1 V I I I . V comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
AddrewW.J.MEREDlTH. Mgr., Holtfa School.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; moO-
enr Improvements; large treatment rooms;
ideal location; 6% acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MIXES PROM BOFZiAZTS.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively improved; new hotel; gas light,
large . dinlng-rcom, telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowling, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Get booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
TTOTJ CAU ENJOY
Life at. Howell ML Fresh fruits, home cook-
ins, flno . scenery and climate. $1 per ' day.
MRS. M. STAFFORD,
. Udell, Napa Co., Calif,
Grand £aaaajuul*a B^g
Electrical? __ i Concerts
Display gj^g^y ij Daily:
gmnnnnrB mnrrmW
MIA2&23.SL Finest £S-2JUta.s>
-r.d Tub S Batnmg 2 Water Sport*
Baths £ On thC 3 Roof Garden* 1
Dincing £ Coast '3 Summer
Boating and g 3 Theatrical*
Fine Salmon U Some- % ViudevM*.
Fixhinj g thing tt Sp»eltWc»
.Lovely Drives g DoUlg 3 ' •* •* '
Along the S -11 t yT o 1 Special Rate*
Coast and fe ™ mC J via S. P. fy
Through the £> HHIC „ Daring the
Redwoods irVVTSlHSmrvs Entire Season
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs mimm!
The most Ideal resort for pleasure mnd
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obtspo, Cal.. and return. Including stag*
to and from tprinra and oee week's
board for fSO.OO to $22.00. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 99.OO to 912.00 per week.
Scenic surroundlnr*. fret bathlnr.
boating and fishing on grounds. Pln«
thady walks, tennis and croquet grounds.
dance pavilion for frueeta. Flno sea
beach one mlla from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains'
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
HOT SPRINGS
"Why Is it »o Immensely popular? Because
of Its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our Natural Steam and Plunge Baths
and stomach waters are a positive cure for
Rheumatism. Malaria, Bladder, Uver. Kidney
and *11 Stomach Troubles. Arsenic Beauty
Baths. Swlmmine. Paid Orchestra. Dancing
fvvry evening- Dairy. Children's Play Grounds.
Electric Lights; $10 to $12 per week. Baths
and amusements free. Booklets Peck's, 11
Montgomery st., £. P. Co.. 613 Market, or
H. H. McCOWAX. Sslsler, Lake County.
Fare reduced to $9 round trip.
n\/n n II Hot SP^ac*: ©n line Sooth.
1 1 V 1 1 ! I HI erD ra c'°c: 2^ hours from
K I K 18 E /n Francisco. 3 trains
II I I 11 dally; luxurious mineral
U I HUM and mud baths; houi
unique In cuisine servlo*
and appointments. Information at 3. P. Co.
Burnu, 613 Market »t.. Peck's Bureau. It
Mcctgomery st.. or II. R. WARNER. Byroa
Hot Springs. CaL
||p£|gggy x E IN T S
KaittA\^vraBS Awnlnsr*« Hammock**,
Tel. Main M9. Ill Clay at.
DE 1.A ROZA resort, Santa Cms Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Glbba. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leavtoo S. F.
at 8-05 p. m. Returning, connects at Ttucke*
with train reachtpg S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC,"^ 05 '
Cafe European. Nurses, maids and\ children.
American plan.' Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to^^RENCE & CO.
THE BROCKVVAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a Lake Tahoe
rpscrt we have the only hot springs, ths most
sheltered shore and best flshins. FRANK B.
ALVERSON. Manager.
BT7BZCO2T FASZ — A delightful resort
on feborett of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting ln season. Bouts, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cat
I1FFR PARK INN? nd . co i t *J ea: e m "«» *rom
1ICCH lrtllll llin Lake Tahoe; open Juce 1-
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
feet: 16 railed from Truckee, in an unbrokea
forest. For information inquire at Trav»U.r
office. 30 Montgomery st.. Peck's Informatlou
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemons. Truckee. Cal.
CAMPBELL ROT SPKINGS.
In Sierra Nevada \AIountalns, Si«rra County
6000 Jeet elevation. 1 Are beautifully located
at the. head of. the great Sierra Valley. 80
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
is the grent primeval forest of pine and flr A
specialty is made of the table. The hot springs
are unequaled fcr the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from Saa
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 50. Stage
dally except Sunday, connecting with 0 is a.
train irom Fan xt&acUcckBroadway; building lots on the east
side of Castro street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth, 75x123, and a
lot 100x300, on San Bruno avenue, near
Fifteenth, running through to Halll
day.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have leased to Jo
seph Fredericks & Co. the four-story
brick building at 32 to 51 Ellis street
for a term of ten years. The structure
will be entirely remodeled by Fred
ericks & Co. to be occupied by the firm
as a first-class establishment in every
respect. The building covers a lot 91x
137 feet in size. Something like $30,000
will be expended in remodeling the
structure.
Flat3 will be built on the southeast
corner of Sutter and Webster streets
for Louis Friedlander at a cost oi $43,
000.
The J. Cuneo Company will build a
threo-story and basement apartment
house at the junction of Francisco and
Jones streets and Montgomery avenue,
to cost $15,000.
and Vallejo streets, 79x137:6, with
stores and flats; lot 34x100, with store
and upper flats, at 1106 to 1110 Stockton
street, between Jackson and Pacific;
northwest corner of Union and Jasper
streets, 60x77, with stores and fiat3;
lot 22x68:9, and improvements at 812
Stockton street, between Clay and
Sacramento; lot 20x72, and improve
ments at 1113 Dupont street, between
Pacific and Broadway; lot 62:6x137:6.
with houses and flats at 1106 to 1112
Kearny ctreet, adjoining the corner of
On Tuesday of the present week
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will sell real
estate at auction. On the list of prop
erties to be offered are: Lot and resi
dence of twelve rooms at 2215 Califor
nia street, west of Buchanan; lot and
two-story house on the east line of
Third avenue, 325 feet south of Cali
fornia street; improvements and lot
and three flats at No3. 1336, 133S and
1340 Chestnut street, east of Franklin;
lot and two flats on the north line of
B street, 137 feet east of Fourth ave
nue; lot and six fiats on the south
line of Minna street, east of Sixth, be
ing Nos. 461, 461%. 4G1A, 463, 4631,4 and
463 A; lot and cottage on the west line
of Goettigen street, north of Silliman
avenue; southeast corner of Dolores
and Duncan streets, with house of six
rooms; southwest corner of Hoffman
avenue | and Twenty-fourth street:
southeast corner of Forty-ninth avenue
and K street, lots and two-story stores
and three-room flat; lot 25x100, on the
south line of H street, east of Ninth
avenue: five building lots on the south
line of West avenue, east of Mission
street, including the southwest corner
of West avenue and Patton street.
Madison & Burke will sell realty at
auction on August 10 and have out a
catalogue mentioning the following
properties to be offered: Southeast
corner of Hayes and Devisadero
streets, lot 75x112:6, with a store and
fiats; the southeast corner of Powell
Easton. Eldridge & Co. have put on
the market and have disposed of many
lots therein at private sale, a tract in
subdivisions that Js bounded by School
street, Davis street, Redwood road and
Peralta Creek, in the Fruitvale addi
tion to Fruitvale. There are 300 lots
in the tract to be sold on easy terms—
one-fourth cash and the remainder in
six, twelve and eighteen months. .
SELLING AT AUCTION.
Fifth and Sixth avenues, with restric
tions that prevent the. construction of
stores and fiats and provide a uniform
distance from the front of the proper
ties at which houses shall be placed.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: 45x100, southwest cor
ner of Forty-seventh avenue and K
street to G. W. Brown; ,25x100. north
line of I street, 82:6 feet east of Forty
seventh avenue, to'A. Huldhusen; 50x
100, north line of I street, 5/:6 feet west
of Forty-sixth avenue, to C. Deckel
man; 25x120, west line of Forty-fifth
avenue. 200 feet south of H street, to
E. J. Eaton; 25x100, south line of Q
street, 57:6 feet west of Forty-second
avenue, to J. J. Flynn; 32:6x100, north
east corner of Forty-third avenue and
U street, to Myrtle Chance.
Through the agency of. Speck & Co.
the St. Denis, on the north line of Turk
! street, has been re-leased at an ad-
J vance from $60.0 a month to $700 a
month for five years.
! Hoag & Landsdale are making sales
| of lots against the Presidio wall on
Speck & Co. have sold 23x106:9 feet
on the west line of Masonic avenue.
218:9 feet north of Frederick street,
with two fiats, for the George Stierlen
Company to Mrs. Cora Parsons for
5S500. •
Southwest corner of Green and Stein
er streets, 55x110, on which several
houses are to be built; the fiats at 3755
and 3757 Seventeenth street; lot 25x125.
on the west side of Landers street. 135
feet north of Fifteenth, for $2100; the
southwest" cdrner of Buchanan street
and Lily avenue, 60x114; lot 25x125, on
the west side of Landers street, ICO
feet north of Fifteenth. $2100, and a
lot 27:6x100, on the west side of Shot
wel! street, 65 feet north of Army, for
$1050.
i Sales have been made by Davidson
& Leigh as follows: Henry G. Fowler
to W. P. Davidson, a triangular lot on
. the west line of Thirty-fifth avenue,
j 100 feet north of Fulton street, for
j $750; Mary L. Dunn to E. W. Bennett,
I lot 25:10x118:9 on the southeast cor
j ner of Devisadero and Lloyd streets,
i for $4100; the Daily estate to George
! E. Tucker, lot 25x112 and improve
| ments on the southwest line of Rausch
jstret, 175 feet northwest of Folaom.
| for $5100; the Sisters of the Sacred
j Names of Jesus and Mary to Charles
i Creiprhton, lot 25x105 on the north line
j of Fulton street, 52:4 feet east of
Thirty-sixth avenue, for $575; the
j Davidson estate to W. O'Connor, four
I lots, each 25x115, on the east side
I of Eureka street, 60 feet north of
j Twenty-second, for $1200; Amanda P.
| Muller to Benjamin Kellogg, lot 36:6x
; 120 on the west line of Tenth avenue,
j 244:6 north of Clement street, with
i two-story house, $6650; Mary A. Pat
terson to Robert Brownlic, lot 50x125
feet, with two flats, at 70 and 72
I Whitney street, for $3100, and George
j Pein to a client, lot 62:6x100 feet on
j the southeast corner of Pine and Web
• ster streets, for $10,000.
| Some recept sales are reported by
j Sonntag Brothers as follows:-
D. Roberts, 50x120, west line of Thir
ty-eighth avenue, north of Point Loboa
avenue, $1000; to A. M. Peterson, 25x
100. south line of H street, east of
Forty-second avenue, $1000; to J. Her
bert and Mary Ann Reeve, 25x120, east
line of Forty-second avenue, south of
H street, $650; to Peter E. Radcliffe,
25x120, east line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, north of Cliff avenue, $500; to
George Detterell, 25x125, east line of
Whitney street, south of Thirtieth,
$S0O; to Jessie A. Livernash. 50x140,
east line of the Great Highway and
west line of Forty-eighth avenue,
south of O street, $2600; for H. M.
Anthony to John Perry, 25x120, east
line of Twelfth avenue, north of A
street, $800; for Clara Kluge Sutro to
J. K. Fraser, 25x95, northwest corner
of Third avenue and Hugo street,
$2600; lor Clara Kluge Sutro to J. K.
Fraser, 25x95, northeast corner of
Fourth avenue and Hugo street,
$2600. ,
TYPICAL TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, July 23.— After nearly
two years' imprisonment between brick
j walls four stories high and only a little
i more than three Inches apart, a cat has
¦ been rescued by means of a lariat. The
i feline dropped into the crevice when it
I was only a few weeks old and has been
there ever since, fed and cared for by
families residing in the buildings.
The orison which it occupied so long
j is between two buildings on East
Fourth street. The crcvic^ is closed
front and back, and even partly closed
on the top by tin rooflng. Efforts, which
the kitten made again and again during
the early days of Its imprisonment to
j climb up these slippery walls, only to
I fall back, were watched with sympathy
! by the neighbors.' and they became di
} vlded into factions— those who thought
j that the kitten ought to be killed and
: relieved of its misery, and those who
J held that while there was life there was
! hope. The latter fed the cat and gave
! it water by means of a long string. Dis
: contented neighbors many times threw
' in chunks of poisoned liver, but the
; animal never touched it. Meanwhile the
cat grew and every effort was made to
' release it, but without success. A few
j days ago the story became generally
! known and came to the notice of an ex
! cowboy, who with an old lariat soon
: dragged the cat from Its prison, thus
I removing a source of much worry to
; the Society for the Prevention of Cru
i elty to Animals.
! 4. i.
Animal Falls Into the Place
When a Kitten and Efforts
to Remove It Were Futile
FED BY THE NEIGHBORS
Among recent sales the following are
reported by Baldwin & Howell: North
west corner of Harrison and Fremont
streets, Nos. -J02. 402^. 404, 404U. 406 and
<0S Harrison street and 350 Fremont,
Improvements consisting of old frame
Leo Bnick has sold to Mrs. Agnes
Lynch 27:6x120 feet on the south line of
Ellis street, 27:6 feet east of Polk, for
S2LO00.
A lot 40xS0 feet on the southeast line
of Mission street. 70 feet southwest of
Fourth, and a lot on Slinna street back
of the Mission street lot. diagonally,
SOxSO feet, have been sold to E. F. Pres
ton by William A. Magee. Thomas Ma
gee Jr. and Frederic E. Magee, with a
five-story brick building that Is rented
for JSSSO per annum.
Mary Cailahan and Percy Pettigrew
have bought the nortbeast corner of
Stockton and Bush streets, 88:10x78
f?et, with three-story frame building,
for $45,500.
A few deals of good size have been
consummated during the week Just
closed, but the majority of the transac
tions represent comparatively small
•founts. The renting situation is of
•first Importance for the next few days
and tht renting departments of the
real estate brokerage houses are unuau
•Iljr busy In answering questions and
letting quarters that suit.
Lyon & Hoag report that notwith
standing the number of people spending
.their vacations in the country and at
the Et. Louis Exposition, renting is ex
ceptionally good in all parts of the city.
In fact above the average for the last
two years. This firm has been distrlb
utlr-g about 1000 circulars each week
fcr house* to let.
SALES ARE EFFECTED.
The rush back to the city from sum
mer vacations nas fairlv set in. The
public schools In this city will reopen
to-morrow, and houses are in demand
for families who will remain until the
next «ummer arrives. Many will stay
in the country until the end of August,
but the greater part of the population
will be home by the 1st of August, and
Inquiries for real property will again
become active.
Two flats on the north side of Sutler
street, 184:3 east of Lyon, with lot
22:9x137:6. for Annie E. Kavanagh to
Mary Wynne, for $5600; north line of
Vallejo street, 50 feet east of Baker,
32x125. M. Meyer to F. A. Gardner,
$4 480: lot and old improvements on
the east side of Larkin street, 137:6
feet north of North Point street, 27:6x
68:9, John Hoole to Thomas Brady,
$2750; lot 2C, block D, College Heights,
Farnsworth estate to Henry Koehler,
$1200.
The San Mateo office of Baldwin
& Howell reports a number of small
sales, among them being lot 6, block
10, Western Addition to San Mateo, E.
F. .Egglestone to Thomas Burke, $900;
lot 9, block 11, Western Addition to
San Mateo. W. V. Bryan to C. N. Kirk
bride. $2300; lot 6, block 13, Western
Addition to San Mateo, Walter Sealy
to Katherine Henneberry, $850; lot 11,
block TB, San Mateo, C. R. Aspland
to L. B. Doe, $1500.
G. A. Turner & Co. report the fol
lowing sales: To Dr. James Brown, 25x
120, west line of Forty-first avenue,
south of II street, $600; to Dr. James
Brown, C0xl20, west line of Fortj'
flrst avenue, south of H street, $1200;
to H. P. Payton. 25x120, east line of
Thirteenth avenue, south of B street,
$1050; to C. L. Lathrop, 25x120, east
line of Thirteenth avenue, south of B
street. $1000; to Marcus and Freda
Anderson, 50x95, west lina of Twelfth
avenue, south of B street, 51S00; to R.
N. Smith, 25x120. oast line of Thir
teenth avenue, south of B street,
$1050; to Charles A. Trumbly, 25x120,
west line of Twelfth avenue, south of
B street. $1050; to Adelaide A. How
ard, 25x100, south line of H street,
west of Forty- first avenue, for $1000;
to Gustave Cecchinin, 7C: 3x32:0x32,
southwest corner of California street
and Third avenue, for 53000; for
George A. Perine, 137:6x137:6, south
west corner of Chestnut and Buchanan
streets, on private terms;, for Mary L.
Craig to George A.. Turner, 25x120,
east line of Fortieth avenue, south of
Point Lofcos avenue, on private terms;
for John Curley, 25xlOD, north line of
I street, west of Forty-first avenue.
$609; to Frederick K. and Esther M.
Perry, 25x120, east line of Fortieth
avenue, south of Point Lobos avenue,
$500; for the Eintracht Spar Bau
Vcrein to J. W. Smith, property at
102S Brannan street and other prop
erly in the vicinity, for $11,000: for A.
J. Locker, lots C and 7, block N, Park
Lane tract No. 7, $2000; to Joseph ,H.
GubbJns. lot 25x120, west line 'of
Twelfth avenue, 175 feet south of B
street, $1050; to John Curley, lot 25x
120, north line of I street, west of
Forty-first avenue, $C00; - for • J. W.
Walker, to George D. Graybill. 137 :6x
137:6 on the southeast corner of
Chestnut and Laguna streets, on pri
vate terms; for J. Frank Walters. 25x
95, east line of Seventh avenue, 35
feet south of Hugo street, $1500; to
Elmer Jones, 25x120, east line of
Thirty-ninth avenue, 17C feet north" of
Cliff avenue, $500; to Agnes M. Magee,
25x120, cast line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, north of Clift avenue, $500; for
S. L. Foster to Dr. C. M. Hansen, 32:6x
117:6, east line of Chattanooga street,
north of Twenty- third, $2000; to Mary
buildings, for C. F. von Issendorf to
Newton B. Kno^ for $12,000; a portion
of the property belonging to the Cooper
Medical College and Dr. C. N. Ellin
wood on the south line of "Washington
street, between Buchanan and Web
ster, 137:6 feet west of Buchanan, lot
feet, to a client, for $9000; lot
on the west line of Nineteenth avenue,
50 feet south qf I street, 23x100 feet,
Kate E. Kcsblln to Mary E. McCIain,
for $950; lot on the south side of C
street, 70 feet west of Twenty-ninth
avenue. 50x100 feet, and lot on the west
line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 275 feet
north of D street, 150x200 feet, A. S.
Baldwin to H. G. Meyer, for $1700; lot
on the east side of Ninth avenue, 150
feet south of N street, 25x120 feet, E.
Wierbltsky to Charles Wilson, $550; lot
on the east ,line of Ninth avenue, 175
feet south of N street, 25x120 feet. E.
Wierbltsky to A. E. Richards, $550; lot
on the east line of Tenth avenue. 175
feet north of I street, with new two
story frame house, lot 25x120 feet, E.
Million to Jennie Thall, $4300; south
east corner of A street and Twenty
third avenue, 82:6x100 feet, also lot on
the west line of Nineteenth avenue, 200
feet north of A street. 50x120 feet. E. H.
Commins to Elizab-th E. Wittich,
$1050; lot on the west side of Forty
sixth avenue, 175 feet north of D street,
75x120 feet, J. Weissbein to George H.
Halpln et a!., $1S5O; lot on the south
side of II street, S2:6 feet east of Tenth
avenue, 23x100 feet, L. Lipman to Net
tie Marcus, $1C5O; lot on the east side
of Fcrty-seventh avenue, 225 feet south
of C street, 50x120 feet, J. YVelssbein to
Mary E. Bowen, $1700; lot on the west
side of Nineteenth avenue, 50 feet north
of I street. 50x100 feet, S. B. Kobicke to
Margaret A. Madden, 524S0; lot on the
east side of Fourth avenue, 25 feet
north of I street, 50x95 feet, H. F. Mann
to Hattie G. Mann, $3000; northeast
corner of I street and Fifth avenue,
60x95 feet. C. C. Rivers to I. M. Scott Jr.,
$4650; east side of Willard street, south
of Parnassus avenue, 37xS0 feet, Farns
worth estate to L. W. Prior; southeast
corner of Hugo street and Fifth ave
nue, 35x95 feet. City Realty Company
to Eugene Simon, $2500; west side of
Sixth avenue, 75 feet north of Hugo
street, 25x95 feet, J. H. Lynch to O.
Edelman. $1500; north line of Parnassus
avenue, west of Willard street, 120:llx
131:10 feet. United Railroads of San
Francisco to W. R. Hoag, $5637 50; west
side of Sixth avenue, 100 feet north of
Hugo street, 25x120 feet, A. M. Whittle
to Sarah Delafield, $1650; lot and im
provements on the east side of Castro
street, 124 feet north of Nineteenth,
25x125 feet, G. G. Stuhr to Sarah John
son, $5009; lot on the south side of
Twenty-fourth street, 225 feet west of
Noe, 25x114 feet, Mary A. Kluge to H.
Stewart, $1375; lot and two houses of
six rooms each on the southeast side of
Bryant street, 175 feet southwest of
First, 25xS0 feet, S. Crozier to M. Sher
wood, $2550; northwest side of Mission
street, 45 feet southwest of Valencia,
25x100 feet, Bertha Kroger to Charles
Fritz, $2225; lot and improvements on
the east side of Hartford street, 305:4
feet north of Eighteenth, 25x125 feet, L.
V. Brady to J. E. Maloney, $5000; lot 44,
block A, Glen Park Terrace, to Harold
Thensen, $500; lot 45, block A, Glen
Park Terrace, to H. A. Harvey, $500.
After Life of Two Years in
Narrow Crevice Feline Is
Taken Out by a Lariat
Reopening of Public Schools in the City Brings Thousands
to Occupy Flats, Houses and Apartments— Owners of
Real Estate Once More Receive Incomes From Holdings
CAT RESCUED
FROM PRISON
RETURNING RENTERS CAUSE
STIR AMONG THE BROKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY,. JULY 21, 190i.
31
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT . . 423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
martin HABCHB.T. , m \ - CESAR BERTHEAU. Manager.
gtxs MESsnfQEB, - i City **«**• ALFRED R. GRIV, Assistant Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ___
M^^^F^ssast B No woman's happi.
/ is her nature to love
_ t " Bl^. beautiful, and
pure. J.he critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror!
| There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be. either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
| great and wonderful
of women through ¦
the trying crisis without suffering. jsSP^ 1 * -^ ' ,j, S3
Send for free book containing Information ftffjg iip^B t$ $&3& B§^& fit^YM
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlaata* fi*. BB1&4&
xrarrrBD states branch.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Aachen and Munich Fire
I INSURANCE COMPANY
QF AIX LA CHAPELLE, GERMANY. ON
*-* the ."1st day of December. A. D. 1903. and
for the year cndlr.g on that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissicrer of the State of
California, pursuant to th? provisions of Sec-
tions CIO and «I1 of the Political Code, con-
densed as por blank furnished by the Commis-
sioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Uonds owned by Company.. $S3S,'?31 25
Cash In Company's Office ' 215 23
Cr.sh In Banka 123.2C0 CO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 163.740SO
BI1U receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Rl;k?. r .... 1,27883
Total Assets 51,127,132 81
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted nnd unpaid $9.7SS 07
Losses in prceers of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63.825 94
Losses resisted, including expanses. 7,209 72
Gro.->s Premiums on Fire R'sks run-
ning one year or les.». $;593.SC7 M;
reinsurance 50 p?r cent 316,903 68
Grcs-s Premiums on Fire Kirks run-
ning mere than one year. $H"2.-
l'J2 SO; reinsurance pro rata 2C0.S74 19
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to bicomj due 30,973 90
All other liabilities 17030
Total Liabilities $ 723,745 70
income; '
Net cash actually rceslved for Fire
premium? SSS1.815 57
Receive] for Interest and dividends)
on Ponds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all ether sources 20,609 30
Receiver! from Home Offlcs 5.4S5 00
Totcl Income $ 916,939 S7
EXPENDITURES.
Net amcunt paid fcr Fire Losses
(Including SfO 6T3 7:?, losses c(
previous years) $467,552 56
Pall or allowed for Commi9. i 'ion cr
rirokT-igs 1S3.S43 67
Pal.l for Salaries. Fee«;. and oth»r
chArges for officer*, clerks, etc.. 80,094 64
Paid for State. National, and Lccal
taxes 23.018 20
All o:h,«r payments and expendi-
tures 70.193 20
Total Expenditures $ 826,503 27
Fire.
LOSSES incurred during the year $469.016 70
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks, ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I $33,322,058 $1,210,246 00
Net amount of R>ksl
expired during the! >
year I 72,531,178 1.048.200 94
Net amcunt In force!
Decembe- 31. 1!>O.;.| SS.103.S45 1.155.970 25
J. A. KELSET. United States Manager!"
Subscribed and *wem to before me, this 19th
day of January. l"04.
C. M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Aachen and Municti Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY !
OF AIX LA CHAPF.LLE. GERMANY. !
on the 31?t day of December, A. D. UKW.
and for the year ending on that day, as made '
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 010 and till of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Commlu- !
sic ner: 1
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up !
in Cash $150.000 00
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company... l,C5n,21B C» I
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,963,400 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks •
and Bomls o\vn«?i1 by Company. . . 2,322.013 48
Cash in Company's Office 10,718 23
Cash In Banks ; 42O5JS 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds, i
Mortgages and Stocks 41,276 05
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 004,400 47
. Total- Assets $6,725.0*4 34
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted atul unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment :
or In suspense f 400,716 00 .
Losses resisted Ir.clurlinpr expers*>s j
Grojrs premiums on Fire Risks
running one year cr lesf» and
more than one year. $:{,0G0.2U6 So; I
reinsurance pro rata 2,.123,740 CO
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 1,212 50
Return Premiums and Reinsurance i
Premiums unpaid 217,150 83
Pension Fund ami Public Utility '
Fund and all other liabilities 452,000 90
Total Liabilities $3,49G,S34 4S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 2,305,329 00
: Received fcr interest en Bends
and Mortgages
Received ' for Interest and divl- 163,735 5C ,
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, ;
¦ and from all other sources. j
'Received for rent? 25,815 SO
Interest on Pension and Public !
Utility Funds It,*jfi3 93
! Total Income $::,19O,544 05 ;
EXPENDITURES. |
Net Rmount pnid for Fire Lossf-. .?1,4'!'\ *.1l 44 !
Dividends to Stockholders 371.350 CO :
Paid cr allowed for Commission or i
Brokerage C15.5C0 C5 |
Pftiil for Salaries. Fees, and other I
charges for officers, clerks.- etc. 328,024 C5 I
Paid f< r State, National, and Lceal '
tast-s 20,050 C3 |
All other payments and expendl- !
tures 110,320 71 i
' Total Expenditures...... $2,794,001 4.8 |
Fire. * j
LOSSES Incurred during the year. ,?l,CS5,306 79
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risk^J
written during the) ;
year |?2,801, 187,610 $5,414,121 52 ;
Net amount of Rl?kr| •
Expired during thp]
year I 2,Guj.351.149I 5.1M.679 07
Net amount In fi-rce 1 ' J J
December 31; IOO3.| l.C2S.108,430! 3.CC0.2C0 S3
~ ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. President.
FRITZ SCHRODER. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12th
day of April, 1004.
FRANKLIN BRUMDAGE.
• U. S. Consul at Alx la Chapelle, Germany.
STATEMENT
—or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-£-OF THE—
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
{\F NEW YORK. IN* THE STATE OF
VJ New York, en the 31st day of December.
A. D. \QKl. an.l fnr the year endtn* on that
Cay. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
jvrovi*ions of Spctions tSlO ana fill of the Po.
litlral Cod.?. conctens»-il as per blank furnished
ty the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amcunt of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash .$1,000,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $692. OS." S4
Loans on Bonds anj -M jrrcr i<r»?. . 3,500 IX>
Cash Market Value of all Stocks -
and Bunds owned by Company.. 2.T30.2-M 75
Cash In Company's Office 22.M7 2*5
Cash In Hanks 190,2 k; 5)3
IntPrest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2O.CS3 74
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
an J Mortgages H 5S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 40O.8.Tfi7S
Rents due and accrued 458 cq
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already palj. 13.83517
Total Assets $4,104,110 07
LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Looses adjusted and unpaid $7S.S49 83
Losses In proctsa of Adjustment
or In Suspense 190,211 27
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 32.23S 4S
Gross premiums on Fire Risk!* run-
ning cne year or less, $2,074,-
100 11: reinsurance SOper cent . .$1,037,053 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $!.-
8S1.023 61: reinsurance pro rata.. 1.038.206 03
Commissions and Brokerage duo
and to become due 80.1S7S2
All other Liabilities .' 10.15<S2t
Total Liabilities $2,473.582 53
— —
INCOME.
Kei cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,016,137 M
Heoelred for Interest on Bends and
Mortgages 175 CO
Received for Interest and dividend* •¦ • '
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources lt2.nr.nT.>
Received for Rents 20,08311
Total Income $3,057,735 57
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losjm
(Including $20.1,376 84. losses of
previous years) $1,286,814 72
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -837,872 5S
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
chances rnr officers, clerks, etc.. 214,044 27
Pr.il for State. National and Local
taxes 70.267 13
All other payments and expendi-
tures : 26O.3SS2C
¦ . _ _______
Total Exp»ndltures. . . .' .$2.4eo.3S7 02
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during: the year. .$1,313.813 40
Risks & Premiums. | Fire Risks. I Premiums.
1 '
Net amcunt of Risks) . • \
written during thei ¦ I
year |$433.670,S50 C0'$4.253,743 85
Net amount of Risks! • • j
expired durtns thet "
year I 356,419,271 40t 3.549.C25 75
Net amount In force! i
December 31, 1003' 4C5.C70.974 Wf 3.955,129 73
" CHARLES A. SHAW. President.
JOSEPH McCORD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th
day of January. 190*. C. F. SHAW.
Commissioner of DeeUs In New York.
ADVi:iiTISE3IE\TS.
A gentleman called upon me a few
djiy? apo to ask me about my cure of
rheumatism. My cure has attracted con-
EidTabl<* attfntion. Kimply becatrse my
<-ase was probably about the worst case
that ever vuzzled the doctors of San
Frar.r-isco arid Oakland. I am an old
resident of California — have lived in
eight of S.m Francisco for forty-nine
years. I kept a grocery store at
the corner of Fourth and Webster streets
in Oakland for twenty years. I am pret-
ty -*ell known. Many know that I was
comr-Mlf-d to give up my grocery busl-
n^y.s dimply because rheumatism crippled
r e up so I could not walk, could not
dresa mnelC hardly feed myself; so to
all ir.tent and purpose, rheumatism par-
alyzed me.
Wasn't I a feast for the doctors, and
didn't I uiakf an apothecary shop of my
stomach, all to no avail? Doctors and
rnedioin^s never did me any good. I am
a well man now and a happy man. No
mor<* pains, no more swollen Joints, no
mere stiit and aching liraLs. I can walk
twenty miles if I want to. It seems liice
It Is too good to be true, yet I was cured
in a few Wffks. and at a trifling ex-
pense, at the Elpctro-Chemlc Institute.
US Grant avenue, corner of Post street.
San Franc!s<-o. My name is Herman
Koster, and I now live at 2425 Fourth
street. West Berkeley, and the picture
at the top of th!s article is a pretty
good likeness of tne. Th<» physicians? of
the Electro-rhomic Institute extend a
cordial invitation to aJl sufferers to visit
thrrn for fr<e consultation, examination
and trial treatment. Those living at a
distance can v.rite for free inforrtritlon
regarding home treatment. Ouisifie suf-
ferrrs are loaned, free of charge, an ex-
pensive elect ro-ohem!c epparatus for
home treatment. Kleftro-chemistry cures
Catarrh. O-r.surr.ption. Asthma. Bron-
chitis. Deafness. Hinging Ears. Head
N'oises, Painful nr.<! Discharging Ears.
Rheumatism. Xouralgia. Locomotor At-
axia. Paralysis. nizzineFs. Headache all
Nervous Dis^.T^c.-:. Piles. Fistula. Pros-
tatltis. Stricture. Specific Blood Conta-
gion, and all special diseases of men.
Cancers, Ulcers. Old Sores. Eczpmn and
all diseases of tie slcin and blood: ril
•special diseases of women, Dlsplrife-
ments. Irregularities, Tumors, Swollen
Glands, Goitre, etc.
The office bODT9 are from nine to five
and seven to eight daily and on Sun-
days "from t«*n to one. Th»re arc sep-
arate end private apartments for the
male and female patients. The Institute
is centrally located, at 11 S Grant avenue
corner of Post street. S.*n Francisco.
??3S§»we:/\k: a\ein
j!^*f*2 UK. HALL'S KElNVICOUATOn
6i " "™T( fto^a all !oeves and unnatural dis-
\ r'..*n. ¦» In £4 hotira You fefl an
S Itr.irovtmcnt from t!ie fusi dc«e.
' ill 4«II e have bo tr.uch confidence in cur
i SH 9E5 trt "itiner.tr that «> offer Vive Jlun-
-^¦-^i h^ri ..-. ri :^arO for cr.y < ase w« c»n-
< "^^~ — *' r.ot cure. Thl« irecrct retoedy cure*
lest power, nightly emissions, wasted orr-jr.s
\«u-lcocele, t!»ti. ¦UfciUU— » kidney*, faillnr
n;enjory. dr«tlni la th«- urine, conorrhea, di.-
ease of the postat« glands and all ether terri-
ble effect* cr r> lf-«.buse or crce* *es. which lead
ca \.o consumption and death Positively cure*
tbe wotrt casf» m old or youne of that morti-
f>in« condition. nulckr.PM of the discharge, and
v.r:.t:r.c to Jo, and you can't. Sect araltd J2
j»r bottle: ttrmm bottle*. J5. Cuaranteeu
cure any case.
Call or a<;.ir«M o-<5»n HALL'S MEDICO.
IXHTITLTK. !<:^ Urcarfway. GaMand O.I
Aieo for aale at :07.;>i Market et.. S l-\" 6end
Tor free bock.
/jvieiT DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
-)aUSEOH OF AHATOMY^
0 Cft xai sum K.-stt. mim, ».r.CfO. A
o tsM\ ipeo " te -•*•«•« **&%£ h
<) fl^f i DR * J3R W<-D'SEASE3 OF KEN 6
i 5 W H ""***• Omrm m «»«f » e»»« ur.urruk«ii. ¥
" • fl II* «A«BU6«. VAiLaa j*a«. i xv
A O il- »* It- * u *>"¦*¦{- mm) A
V DC.aoBPAJiAC«..lS:i.Y»rk»!SLK.F 9
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GfJAXA If T£ El> CtrXE POB M£V.
•ff A FlgTiTrSS I2f J£CTZOXT. Cures ordinary
case* la a few dayau Warranted to cura
v.-orst ensen. "SO OTJSXS T*BBATBH:2TT
R*CO*gX*tt*n*D. Prevents and Cures Stric-
ture*. PBEVE2TTS CO2ITAGIO3. Harm-
less. 92.00 for both bottles For sal* only
r. S. UTTiTiTB FKAWMftCT, 102 Eddy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A D VERTTSEMEXTS.
I Draperies, Rugs, Linoleum, |p&
I -^W^)^ Kitchen Furnishings, Stoves /^^^^^H
p /psj^jf (.' 25 11} (HI H^TOO^C e OTi tha Market* at* i\ • j^&kig «jjjpJPJPjiS||
Wffi&&S&~ L^^W ®**^ &%.al*g$;o» Our Always Lowest* . Prices /gij^js^^-g^^
/U- *^ YOUR. CREDIT IS GOOD. "NUF-CED" N^Jg^sBwRSS^SSraS
RjS * \\ '* , ¦ ii*m' Rfl l^fc"(»^^__y*^* /C *'¦/* I IS 5j Sti jFf \ wVOg M HjlR f JLj / I J J 1 1 % I " r \ ' ffl Ptftff SBm ''vSS ' tl S 5I>^V j^ * EvJx^dBf ' BmM*7 w JBt" 1^! ' mw
Cm i ., j ' /'/ j tern " - s /'//Ijlj^' \ ,B [—- "" r ' * " ** ~ U -* } j^SB, \j**v' '* ' ' ',' ' «J tv^^^'Sf C3t^fl i t^fc^»^^^rr' - - -— ¦ * ff*-s"^« 1 t^ SA J^vH *fl
CKII3TA CI.OSET— No 1. Qiwrter- PABLOR CABIITET— No. 3. Maho K - rOiaJIIXO BED— No. 5. Solid oak; BXTPPET— No. 7. Quartered oak-
safe^^^^ys9e I^^?fe^^JSi9.25 ?^^^?pi^o
t|)|^ (O Perfect. Price t&ZU. i D 1^1SS»" WBXI1HO ' »S«t— Na Y.
DRESSER — No. a. Quarter-sawcd-oak: CHirPOMTEB — No. 4. Quarter-Sawed T rn»«i.»n.iTiTr vv. <: r» ? '-vi Old Dutch deslsn; made from selected
KOldeu nnl5ii: rull eivpII front; French oak; golden finish; swell front: panel X-IBBAEY TABLE — No. 6. Quartered quarter-sawed oak; desk Is conveniently
Icg«; bevel I- rench plnte mirror; cast Hides: bevel plate mirror. Convenient oak; weathered; Mission design. Severs dlvidecj with pigeonholes and drawer; le*a
5o r ,r 8 he d t . i THcI:':.. hI . sl :! 3 :.S22.5O h :! Eh . t .^.r 1 . ia . v . t . n5 :. p . l : 1 . c . e ..$ 18.50 ra p ria b vrce e :?! ns :.'..$6.85
display the beaut'ies of the mo7 ' II llntnorelXu^designl^^
cm carpet. Our Carpet Depart- M list a few items as a guide to price.
P'j'.ijl tl 4TT|Uf*'J Our own ImDorta- >1^ > *™"^™^"^"^™"^"'*^™ f^" — "¦""""¦"^ m^
All Wnil IHQtJ'If] A R no 'l weave that M^*?^ 5 ? H Pv^^d T^&'^f irT'lrVWfl t'AI T7 IFSP?^ T-^yvi rf53S»v^SSrw AXMIfJSTFRS Fine rtof>p pl!a; Ortont.-il
ALL-WUJL \n\3\i\\n stands tho test of hP'^S^W. ff^Q M hTMJ 3^«B^ *W^ms& flAMinoitna and floral de8i p n9 . Th(J
tlmo. Artistic designs; effective • a XHlB. IStt £rf^ffl.ASkmJ m&t£f<*&£7+ heisht of carpet flrpanc. Each pattern
coloring; both large and small M\r> . \ a chef-d'oeuvre of the carpet Ci 1"
figures. Per yard \Jv\* fc*Sg* < g >J^ i>JK!^N^I "*-^^s •tg^^'ls^^jrrpypg?! designer's art.- Per yard /"JJURIES— Inquirer. City. It Is only
In civil actions and case3 of misde
meanor in the State of California that
a case may be tried with Jury com
posed of less than twelve. The consti
tution of the State says: ."In civil ac
tion and cases of misdemeanor the jury
may consist of twelve or of any num
ber Ies3 than twelve upon which the
parties may agree In open court.
England and Russia have been balancing on the razor
edge of entanglement in . the Far Eastern war and it
begins to look as if either or both would like to see
Uncle Sam in a far more serious role than that of a
looker-on. We can however, to see our good
friends adjust their differences as best they may with
out our. interference. Chestnuts - in the • fire have lost
their charm..
THE TRUMP CARD— E.. City. The
following is from the rules governing
the game of whist: "The player, when
it is his turn to play the first trick,
should take the trump card Into his
hand; If left on the table after the
first trick be turned and Quitted. It 13
liable to be called: his partner may at
any time remind him of the liability.
(It Is not usual to call tHe trump card
if left on the table.)'* /-— .
Good speca. eyeglasses. ISc-oOc. 73 4th
st, front of Key's Co]. Oyster House. •
ToTrns-nd's C.-iIIforr.U Olace frmts In
artistic nre-«tchrrf hn^t-n. 71 i Market St.*
Special information supplied daily *o
business houses and public men by tha
Press Cl!imir>s: Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal,
lforaia street, Telephone- Mala 1042. •
¦ Two more Americans give grave. testimony in violent
death that our people are not receiving, adequate pro
tection either in life or property in Mexico. It is well
«for the government of .President Diaz that it is swift
to avenge the. murder' of Americans, but it would be
immeasurably better if the southern authorities found
it convenient to prevent murders and permit us to exact
vengeance commensurate with the dignity of offended
American* citizenship, . ~ r — — • , - r.'.^r ¦ . ,
Schoql for the Ancients.
It seems somewhat incongruous that
a college for students who have passed
the- age of sixty years should be es-
RAILROAD TIES— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The number ot cross ties to
a mile of railroad track depends upon
the closeness of the same. If eighteen
Inches apart from center to center it
requires 3320 of such ties; twenty
inches, 316S; twenty-four Inches. 2610;
thirty Inches, 2112, and thirty-six
Inches, 1700.
A resident of 'Castle Valley, Penn.,
has a vine that showed itself last
month to have. If not a brain, a substi
tute of equal value. This vine, a young
one, grew in a clay pot. A stick stood
in the middle of the pot and the vine
curled up it. It was about two feet In
height; in length, uncurled,' it would
have measured four feet.
Usually the vine was placed in a
south window every morning, where it
absorbed all day the benefit of the sun's
rays. It happened, however, through
an oversight, that one afternoon a
shutter shaded half the window and
the vine was set in the shutter's
shadow. A foot away was the sun
light, warm, glittering, life-giving, but
where the plant stood_ there was noth
ing but gloom.
During the four days the vine stood
in theNhadow with the sunlight near
it, it did something that proved it to
have a faculty akin to intelligence. It
uncurled itself from its supporting
stick and like a living thing it crawled
over the window ledge to the sun.
This vine, to be sure, did not uncurl
itself and^crawl with. the rapid move
ments of a snake. Its movements were,'
Indeed, so slow as to be. Imperceptible.
Nevertheless, looking aoout, It over
came every obstacle and finally it lay
barking in the sun.— Portland Oregon
laa ' -
Though it has never been proved that
plants have brains, it has been proved
often that there is some power within
them whereby they combat evil condi
tions and seek what is best for their
good.
Have Plants Brains?
IF the figuring of the usually reliable Portland Ore
gonian is correct as applied to the grain yield in the
northwest Whitman County, Washington, the banner
wheat section, will pay wheat farmers not more than $4
per acre, net, this year. The county's gross wheat pro
duct is estimated at 10,000,000 bushels, which ought to
bring in $5,000,000 on a conservative estimate. The price
per bushel indicated in this computation is accepted by
the Oregonian as reasonable. Whitman County, sparsely
settled, would seem to* be entitled to congratulations be
cause of the large amount ~oi ready money that will come
to hand for wheat. The Oregonian, however, makes the
showing a text upon which it argues that the time has
come for the wheat kings of the northwest to abdicate.
California wheat farmers will be interested in the facts.
There are 450,000 acres in wheat in Whitman County.
The custom in the Palouse country is to summer, fallow.
Including the area in summer fallow the total extent of
the land that is tied up by the wheat crop of 10,000000
bushels is 800,000 acres in round figures. In other words
it requires 800,000 acres to produce a crop that is worth
$5,000,000. This is at the* average rate of but $6.25 per
acre gross. Counting in the cost of seed, labor, thresh
ing, harvesting and sacking and excluding the labor per
formed by the farmers and their families the net in
come per acre is estimated at $4, which is about as small
a profit as could possibly be derived from any method at
all resembling intelligent agriculture. As regards the
season it is exceptional in yield and the prices are quite
remunerative.
Colfax is the center of the Whitman County wheat
belt. It is, so the Oregonian admits, a prosperous city,
with a nuifrber of rich citizens, and its banks are filled
with the gold of the wheat kings, "but it was fully as
prosperous and had nearly as large a population a dozen
years ago as it has now. It » has reached- its limit of
WHEAT IN WASHINGTON.
ELECTRICIANS— Subscriber. Cttr.
There are various grades of electri
cians In the United States army. Th«
act of March, 1903, provides for on»
hundred electrician sergeants at H0§
each per annum, twenty-five master
electricians' for The artillery corps at
$75 per month, in addition to the al
lowance of an ordnance sergeant.
r ~ ' I
Anszvers to Queries.
Because a deputy sheriff of Los Angeles wanted to go
deer hunting and did one of the most desperate schemes
ever hatched to liberate a murderous prisoner on his
way to San Quentin was 'recently frustrated. This ap
pears to be, after a reasonably complete investigation,
the only half-way justification that may be made of that
man-killing sport known as deer hunting.
SOME one has told the story of Laurence Grou
lund, author of "The Co-operative Republic." and
another has told the story of Maximoff, the Rus
sian nobleman who became a disciple of Tolstoy. They
arc warp and woof of the same fabric. Gronlund, elab
orately educated and trained professionally, had no
grit^in his make-up and was a complete failure. Not
looking within for the reason, he put the blame on
society and proceeded, in his book, to invent a social
state in which he would have a place in company with
all the gritless, the do-less and the feckless".
Gronlund was a cultured and amiable character, but
I^e had not practical sense enough to clothe himself
and failed as steward "of his wife's estate. It was a
surprise 'to his friends that he had life enough to die.
Maximoff was of the same sort. He concluded to leave
the feet of Tolstoy and come to the United States and
live with and redeem the masses. Finding no business
opening and having no handicraft, he, who had been
an army officer and a good one, opened a fruit stall
in New York City to re'deem the people of the slums.
But the people of the slums stole his fruit while he
dreamed of their elevation and he was put out of busi
ness. Then he went on his great mission by opening
a candy stand at the door of a theater, where no one
bought candy, and another failure followed. Then he
returned to his profession of arms and went to help
the Boers. His bones bleach on the South African veldt
'He was a feckless philosopher. It is written, and
cannot be canceled, that the only help that may be
wisely extended to man is to help him to help himself.
If he will not help himself, let him alone. There is no
grit in his fiber. Gronlund and Maximoff leave no
message inspiring man to self-help. That can be done
only by men who can help themselves, and they could
not. .'^V
A FECKLESS PHILOSOPHER.
Two of the concessions operating at the St. Louis Ex
position have announced their bankruptcy and the world
is wondering at another manifestation of the inexpli
cable. Can it be possible that there is no more money
in circulation at the fair? It is proverbial that the single
purpose which inspires the existence of an exposition
concession is to grab every dollar in sight, and surely
this is not the road to bankruptcy.
¦ f "A bell rings. Society dismounts;
you and I and the habited dames and
the men In pink dismount and file
Into the little church. We kneel at
wooden benches. At the altar the
priests chant the mass of Saint Hu
bert. Then the medieval bell tolls tho
Kyrie of the saint who watches over
those who would a-hunting go; the>
hunting horns respond an octav* high
er. So we troop out into thha sua
light The blithe horns sound tho
•rally of Bonnellea/ An old beadla la
a purple stole has followed us from
the church. Ha bean high a blassod
Saint Hubert's cake. It is for tha
hounds; he crumbles it along the turf.
Straightway they coma, atiugy!!™ g fcj
leash, shaking their pendent ears.
Joyous, surging Into their collars,
careless of the cries of tha whlpper-la
of the lash, giving tongue liko a car
illon of bells, they whirl forward. Now
slowly advance three priests In cnas*
ubles of gold, preceded by aa acolyta
in red, who holds aloftahujr* woodea
crucifix. The oldest of the priests re-»
cites the time-old formula and spxin*
kles holy water on the muzzles of tha
hounds. That Is all. It Is tho end «f
the sacred ceremony.**
Vance Thompson. In EJverybody'a
Magazine for August, describes as fol
lows the religious ceremony with)
which French social leaders begin a
hunt:
Before the Chase.
In reviewing this first of my so
journs in Russia, my thoughts na
turally dwell upon the two sover
eigns — Nicholas I and Alexander IL
The first of these was a great man
scared out of greatness by the ever
recurring specter of the French Revo
lution. There had been much to make
him a stern reactionary. He could
not but remember that two Czars, his
father and grandfather, had both been
murdered in obedience to family ne
cessities. At his proclamation as Em
peror he had been welcomed by a re
volt which had forced him
To wade through slaughter to a thron* —
A revolt which had deluged the great
parade ground of St. Petersburg with
the blood of his best soldiers, which
had sent many of the nobUlty to Si
beria, and which had obliged him to
see the bodies of several men who
might have made his reign Illustrious
dangling from the fortress walls op
posite the Winter Palace. He had been
obliged to grapple with a fearful In
surrection in Poland, caused partly by
the brutality of his satraps, but mainly
by religious hatreds, to - suppress -it
with enormous carnage, and to sub
stitute a cruel despotism for the mod
erate constitutional liberty which his
brother had granted. He had thus be
come the fanatical apostle of reaction
throughout Europe, and as such was
everywhere the implacable enemy of
any evolution of liberty. The despots
of Europe adored him. As symbols
of his ideals he had given to the King
of Prussia and to the Neapolitan
Bourbon copies of two of the statues
which adorned his Nevsky bridge —
statues representing restive horses re
strained by strong men; and the Ber
lin populace, with unerring instinct,
had given to one of these the name of
"Progress Checked" and to the other
the name "Retrogression Encour
aged." To this day one sees every
where In the palaces of Continental
rulers, whether great or petty, his
columns of Siberian porphyry, bowls
of jasper or vases of malachite — signs
cf his approval of reaction. But, In
justice to him, it should be sal# that
there was one crime he did not com
mit — a crime. Indeed, which he did not
dare commit: He did not violate his
oath to maintain the liberties of Fin
land. That was reserved for the sec
ond Nicholas, now on the Russian
throne.
Whether at the great assemblages of
the Winter Palace, or at the reviews,
or simply driving in hte sledge, or
walking in the street, he overawed all
men by his presence; whenever I
saw him, and never more cogently
than' during that last drive of his just
before his death, there was forced to my
lips the thought, "You are the most
majestic being ever created." Colossal
in stature, with a face such as one
finds on a Greek coin, but overcast
with a shadow of Muscovite melan
choly, with a bearing dignified, but
with a manner not unkind, he bore
himself like a god. And yet no man
could be more simple or affable,
whether in his palace or In the street.
Those were. the days when a Russian
Czar could drive or/walk alone in every
part of every city in hia empire. He
frequently took his exercise in walking
along the Neva quay, and enjoyed
talking with any friends he met. espe
cially with members of the diplomatic
corps. — From Andrew D. White's
"Russia in War Time," in the August
Century. *
The First Nicholas.
PlUen" t*ider*
Overture. "W» Irrtahrta um Cluck".. .Supp»
Waltz. "La Gltana" Bucaluest
Solo for trombone. "Toreador* Song"*- ... Bizet
Mr. Louis Klotx.
Selection. "I**ruschu«tz" TiUr
Overture, "Mijnon" Thomaa
(a) Mexican Idyl. "Bonlta" Dewey
(b) March, "Star of Destiny" I>wey
"Battla Seen*" ....Hartmaa
Descriptive melody, "Snarls* on the
Mountains" ..—...lie Their*
Selection, "Yankee Con«ur* ........... Itoby a
"Axaerica.**
The following Is the programme of
band music In Golden Gata Park to
day, Paul Steindorff, conductor: Jf
March. "Hetdelbeir," fronx Prlnc* of
Music in the Park.
Whilst as to breakfast, dinner, tea
And what Is now called luncheon.
Henceforth be leal to but one meal —
And let that one be "muncheon"!
London Truth.
[Munching: parties are the latest out
come of the craze for good health. The
guests of these now fashionable meals
are invited only on condition that each
mouthful of food is bitten thirty-two
times before It Is swallowed. — London
MaiL]
The "smartest** invitations now
Are not to dine or lunch;
Tbe hostess, keen on hygiene.
Invites her guests to "munch 1 *!
And they, upon their part, agree
To neither bolt nor scrunch
The food she may for them purvey —
Their duty Is to "munch"!
Do this (so certain doctors say).
And blessings in a bunch
Will be your fate If you but wait
And munch — and munch — and munch I
Too many times you can't your food
With your incisors punch
Would you live long? Would you be
strong?
Your motto must be "Munch"!
The^Pleasiires of Muncheon.
By way of contrast with the all pervading terror of
Eastern heat from which there was no escape the record
of California at the same dates may be used. In the dry
valleys and foothills the temperature ran to ioo. but
there was no suffering and no cessation of work. In
Livcrmore Valley, forty miles from San Francisco, the
temperature was ioo, but in this city it was cool at 62. By
an hour's journey anybody that did not like the heat of
Livermore could come to the cool coast. It is safe to
say, however, that more people went from San Fran
cisco to Livcrmore to enjoy the dry heat than came here
to escape it
The universal humidity of the East is the afflicting
clement in great heat or cold. It is the humidity that
spreads the heat like a blaze of fire over an area of
thousands of miles and that maintains a deathly high
temperature all-night. Here where it is hot it is per
fectly dry so that when night falls the temperature falls
and there is hardly a night in California that is too warm
for refreshing sleep.
THE cold Eastern spring is followed by a summer of
unusual heat. From the Atlantic seaboard to the
great lakes the heat covers the whole country like
a universal blister. The coast cities— New York, Boston,
Philadelphia and Baltimore— were suffering in a common
swelter, and the awful heat was so pervasive that there
was no escaping it. Old age and infancy were the great
est sufferers, and the deaths at the two extremes of life
told the story of the cruelty of climate to the helpless.
In Chicago thousands of people finding no relief on the
lake front nor in the parks resorted to the electric cars
which run under the river by tunnels, and these were
crowded by the panting throng that rode back and forth
in the cold tunnels till the heat of the day passed. In
such a climate there should be two story cities, one
above ground to be used when the weather permits and
the other below ground for use in the hot summer and
cold winter. .
A WEATHER CONTRAST.
Caspar Whitney, the editor of Out
ing, who Is now making an extended
trip of mingled pleasure and business
in the Far East, supplies his magazine
with a clear-cut picture of Bangkok,
capital of Siam. He writes:
"It is a strange, half floating city,
this Bangkok, overrun with pariah
doers and crows; Oriental despite its
improvements, and one of the most in
teresting cities in the Far East. Yet
a tad city for the visitor with mind
apart from margins and money-saving
machinery. At every turning are evi
dences of decay of native art, and in
their stead the hideously common
place things that bear the legend
'made in Germany. 1 One would
scarcely believe to-day, after a visit
to Bangkok, that at one time the
Siamese were distinguished. even
among Asiatic artisans, in Bilk weav
ing, in ceramics, in ivory carving and
in silversmithing. Yet the royal mu
seum discloses treasures not found
elsewhere in the world, which serve
to remind how far Siam has fallen
from the place she once occupied
among the art producing nations of
the world. When therefore we be
hold a people discouraging and losing
their splendid ancient arts and giving
instead a ready market to the cheap
trash that comes out of the West, we
may hardly look for native industrial
development. The day is probably not
far off when Slam's industries will de
pend upon foreign guidance; and if
England, not France, supplies that im
petus^ — the world will be the gainer.
"By those travelers who delight In
comparisons— and read travelers' fold
ers especially compiled for tourist con
sumption—Bangkok has been variously
called the Constantinople of Asia and
the Venice of the East. True, there is
much pertinence in both comparisons.
Certainly Bangkok is the home of the
gaunt and ugly pariah dog, which
spends its days foraging to keep life
in its mangy carcass, multiplying
meanwhile with the fecundity of cats
in a tropical clime, because the Buddha
faith forbids its killing. Nor are out
cast dogs the only pests of Bangkok,
to grow numerous because of native re
ligious prejudice; more noisy crows
perch of an early morning on your win
dow casing and the tree Immediately
beyond it than in the space of a day
hover near the 'Towers of Silence* at
Bombay awaiting the pleasure of the
vultures feeding on the earthly remains
of one that has died in the faith of the
Parsee.
"Some people fancy Bangkok a city
of islands; hence I suppose the com
parison with Venice. Bangkok has, in
deed, a very large floating population,
and the city is intersected with many
'klawngs' (canals); at certain times of
the year, too, perhaps half the city and
the surrounding country is under a foot
or mere of tide water. Yet the largest
half of Bangkok's 400,000 citizens llvea
on land, though the easiest means of
travel throughout much of the city is
by boat, 'and, in fact, half of it is
reached In no other way. The Siamese
woman of the lower class daily paddles
her own canoe to the market; or, if in
the better class, she goes in a 'rua
chang,' the common passenger boat,
which, together with the Jinriklsha, the
land passenger carrier throughout the
Orient, Is included among the house
hold possessions of every Siamese who
can afford it." v-Y
Veiiice of the East.
Mrs. Sidney Webb's declaration at
tbe Women Writers' dinner that she
cared little for novels and "positively
hated" poetry affords striking evident
of the mental limitations cf an excep
tionally gifted woman. Before her
man-lace she was well known as Miss
Beatrice Potter and -enjoyed the dis
tinction of being one of the few women
whom Herbert Spencer, as he relates
in his autobiography, greatly esteemed
on account of -her intellectual attain
ments. The great philosopher regarded
her as one of Ms chosen disciples and
It was a source of disappointment to
fcfTn when sue became an ardent social-
George Meredith's now almost con-
Etant companion is Edward Clodd, who
like Mr. Stedrr.an and Kenneth Gra
hame, is both banker and author his
vrcrks being chiefly on philosophical
questions.
In referring to America, Mr. Mere
dith calls her "the shrewdest leader of
men," and adds, "the Americans have
cowered the world with priceless in
ventiena. promise of the great things
to be expected of them. And they are
humane, a large-hearted people; but
they are a very young people still and,
hitherto, perhaps the country has been
rather too large for them."
"Critics used to lay about them with
a will. To be sure It was rather a
broadsword and bludgeon style. But
now, I think, criticism is becoming al
most too urbane. It Is true the general
level of literature has immensely im
proved. In my youth we had a few
great names — Dickens, Thackeray and
George Eliot. I think you have noth
ing to compare with them now In the
front rank. But in the rank close be
hind the front your attainment Is cer
tainly much higher than anything we
then possessed."
Much of what Mr. Meredith says will
be resented in this country. For in
stance, his declaration that fear of
death is the real cause of the English
objection to conscription. "Men come
to me." he says, "and say their trade
•would suffer or they could not spare
two years of their apprenticeship. Their
real meaning is th«t they are afraid
of being called out and getting shot
at. So they pay others to do the killing
and dying for them."
Meredith's own creed with regard to
the fear of death Is characteristic "No
one," he says, "should consider death
or think cf it as worse than going
from one room into another. Every
night when I go to bed I know I may
not rise from It. That Is nothing to
me. I hope I shall die with a good
laugh, like the old French woman. The
cure came walling to her about her
BSJvation and things like that and -she
told him her best improper story and
died. The Gcd of Nature and human
nature does not dislike humor, you
may be sure, and would rather he"ar it
in extremity than the formless official
drone. Let us believe in a hearty God
— one to love more than to fear."
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
E HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, July 10. — It Is
quite impossible to write about liter
ary happenings here without referring:
to the striking Interview with George
Meredith, which has Just appeared in
the London Chronicle. During many
years of invalMism the mind of the
gTettest living writer of English has
maintained its brilliancy and its'
possessor kept closely in touch with
current events, but it was feared by
his admirers that Mr. Meredith's re
cent serious illness might have proved
too much for even his amazing mental
vitality. The recluse of Box Hill is
now 76. No one, however, needs to do
more than read this interview with
George Meredith to be assured that all
is well with the mind that produced
"Richard Feveral." Evidently, how
ever, "the master," as he Is called
reverently here, will write no more, as
he says that since this last illness he
has felt "a peculiar disinclination for
•work of all kinds." and adds that the
thought of taking tip a pen is "quite
abhorrent." But Mr. Meredith says
that though his mind "now se»ms as
if It could not give out any more," he
is as receptive as ever. And there is
no doubt about that. He must read his
morning paper with avidity, for we
Cnd him perfectly informed upon every
topic which the world, and particularly
this cG-untry, is discussing to-day. The
war in the East, the subject of women's
rights, the political situation in Eng
land, the question about conscription,
the tendency of modern journalism —
with all of these topics he is absolutely
familiar, and he is equally incisive in
dealing with each one of them. But
probably it is what Mr. Meredith had
to say regarding literary matters that
will be read with most interest in the
United States.
In modern book reviewing he finds
what he terms "an almost excessive
urbanity of treatment." "It seems as
if critics were afraid to blame any
thing," he says. "This is particularly
evident in reviews of poetry which have
been frequent of late. Our Laureate
is wrong in supposing people will not
read poetry now. It seems that they
were never so anxious to read it. They
are continually on the lookout for it,
and they appear to be receiving a fair
quantity, which is nearly always
praised.
Special Correspondence.
London Literary News.
tabllshed In Illinois Instead of in Mas
sachusetts. It Is from the latter Statta
that we have been accustomed to look
for new and strange educational insti
tutions—or fads. But this college tov
the ancients, Incorporated under th«
laws of Illinois last week, can scarcely
be called a fad. since It bears tho on«
mlstakable trade-mark of a nthe*
shrewd business enterprise In which w«
are far from advising any one to Invest.
It is called "The Home College." and 13
to be located in Chicago. In Its plan
there 13 no reference made to studies
In football, baseball or gol!. Thosa who
wish to be enrolled as students of tho
Institution by doing so really become
annuitants. For Instance a youth o£
twenty buys for a fee of $15 a yea»
what is called a scholarship, the bene
fits of which do not become available
until he Is si±ty. but which at that a*a
will entitle him to pursue any special
studies he may select; also It will gfra
him the right to board, room, tuition,
lectures and reading-room for the re*
malnder of his life. By paying $200
down at twenty years of age. tha mat
riculant can I secure a fully paid-up
scholarship for all his mortal existence
—after he has reached his sixtieth year.
This school for the aged seems to hava
the undeniable flavor of life Insurance,
with rather more than the usual risk.
The scholastic side of It is not so obvi
ous.—Philadelphia Public Ledger.
, A Boston millionaire, so unfortunately conditioned
mentally as to be in the care of a guardian, labors under
the delusion that he is suffering from a terrible disease
characterize/ by him as "financial effervescence." It
should not be difficult to persuade the poor fellow that
financial effervescence, a very common affliction to suffer
ing man, is never associated with money. The two are
not in the same set.
" 'I am not showing my contempt,' I
answered humbly. 'I am trying to
conceal it.' " \
"1 shall never forget my first case
when I began the practice of law many
years ago," said one of our Superior
Judges In reminiscent mood recently.
"I had undertaken to defend a man
who was accused of murder mainly
on circumstantial evidence, and the
popular sentiment •was decidedly
against my client. This sentiment was
evidently shared In by the Judge be
fore whom the case was tried. The
latter appeared only to realize that a
murder had been committed and that
some one should suffer for the crime,
whether guilty or Innocent.
"The Judge overruled my objections
at every turn and thoroughly convinced
me that he did not intend to icive my
client a fair trial. I bore his tactics
for some time in silence, but when he !
overruled my objection on a certain
point which even my opposing counsel
appeared surprised at patience ceased
to be a virtue. I did not dare to com
mit any overt act in the court, as tha
Judge had several times threatened to
punish me for contempt. I therefore
contented myself with gathering up my
papers to put them In order and sat
down.
" 'Confound it, sir/ said the Judge,
•how dare you show your contempt for
this court?"
Contempt Concealed.
THE Red Sea is a high sea, in the sense of being wa
ter under no municipal jurisdiction. Russia, with
that sinister deception that is her most prominent
characteristic, smuggled two auxiliary warships out of
the Black Sea and through the Dardanelles and is using
them to patrol the Red Sea and to seize and search ves
sels that are under neutral flags. It is the testimony of
European passengers on the seized ships that the Rus
sian officers conducted themselves with conspicuous bru
tality, but'that has also come to be expected of Russian
officers, who have before them the example of the royal
and indecent Boris. In these seizures the mail sacks
have been gutted in search of Japanese official mail and
ammunition belonging to Great Britain, en route
to Hongkong, has been taken.
In the eye of international law much of this Russian
conduct borders closely on piracy. During war one be
iigerent may not take an officer of the other from the deck
of a neutral ship on deep water. Nor may such officer
be searched under a neutral flag. A bearer of dispatches
between Japanese Ministers at London, Paris or Berlin
cannot lawfully be seized on the deck of a neutral ship
and his dispatch box rifled. A neutral flaf protects both.
This being the case with the officer of a^belligcrent, by
parity of reasoning mails are not contraband, but pre
serve on the high seas the same inviolable "character that
they have on land. All ocean mail steamers have con
tracts with the governments for which they carry mail.
The presence of the mail on them is not merely an inci
dent in the functions of a common carrier. The ship
represents an official contract to which- a government,
and maybe more than one government, is a party.
When the fulfillment of that contract to promptly and
safely transport the mail to its destination is interfered
with by forcible seizure on the high seas the government,
as a contracting party, has been struck in the face and
insulted in its sovereignty by an act of piracy.
The United States seldom uses the Suez canal and our
flag is strange in the Red Sea. But it is common in the
Pacific. The Pacific Mail steamer Korea is under the
American flag. She carries mail, under contract, be
tween San Francisco and Yokohama. .She and her sister
ships ' carry the officials and the official mail back and
forth between San Francisco and Yokohama. The Rus
sian Foreign Office has been ordering and justifying the
seizure of British ships in the Red Sea. When reminded
that the route may be changed to the Cape of Good
Hope Russia announces that she will post a fleet off that
British colony and continue there to seize British ships
and rifle their mails. Thcfe is no more important. official
Japanese mail than that between Washington and Tokio,
carried across the Pacific under the American flag and by
contract. with this Government.
If Great Britain assent to the rifling of her mail and
the bullying of her flag the effect will be to drive the
Asiatic mail to a new route across the United States and
over the Pacific under our flag. Perhaps Russia would
like to try seizing a few sacks of it and making a prize
of the steamer that carries it as she has of the British
steamer Malacca.
The defense of Russia's action published at St. Peters
burg in the Russ declares that she will continue to seize
all contraband of war under neutral flags on the high
seas regardless of its consignment and destination. That
declaration amounts to an embargo upon the trade of
the world. Admitting that contraband, consigned to Ja
pan, is subject to seizure, there is no warrant in interna
tional law for the detention of a ship with contraband on
board consigned to a neutral port.
Take our own case. We are continually sending, un
der our flag, contraband of war to Manila. Great Britain
was sending contraband on the Malacca under exactly
the same circumstances to her colony at Hongkong.
Russia claims the right of seizure because it is contra
band and regardless of the ownership or destination.
Perhaps Russia would like to try seizing an American
transport loaded with contraband for Manila. We would
like to see her try it. There would follow sdmething
that would edify and instruct the world. Great Britain
and Germany may choose to submit to that form of pi
racy and let it pass off with diplomatic palaver. Bat the
American people are impressed that their flag means
something. It is seldom seen in the Red Sea, but is not
difficult to find in some other waters. It protects what it
flies over and it is the flag of the Pacific. If Russia has
not found this out she can do so by transferring to the
Pacific her Red Sea ideas of international law.
Relations between authors and pub
lishers being so frequently strained in
these days, it is worth noting that the
late Sir H. M. Stanley named Mr. Mar
eton, long the leading spirit of Marston,
Low & Co., as one of hi3 executors.
Stanley made a lot of money out of the
books which this firm published for
him, but the comparatively large for
tune which he. left— $750.000— is general
ly regarded as evidence that his fre
quent visits to the city were not un
connected with stock exchange specu
lations, in which he showed as rare
faculties for discovery as he did when
he found Livingstone.
HAYDEN CHURCH.
1st, although her conversion was large
ly due to the great philosopher's doc
trine of land nationalism, which, yield
ing to the pessimism of old age, he sub
sequently retracted. In this latest lit
erary pronouncement she has asain
shown that she possesses the courage
of her convictions. There are, however,
not a few women in these days who
seek to acquire a reputation for strong
mindedness by assuming contempt for
imaginative literature.
growth until some of the immense wheat farms are cut
up and made to support a larger population than is pos
sible under existing conditions."
The lesson that £he Oregonian teaches is an old one in
California. This State has traveled along the grim road
of experience with profit. Wheat growing will never be
wholly abandoned, for there are vast areas upon which
wheat can still be profitably cultivated, but the cutting
up of large wheat farms in California has been followed
by diversified farming and prosperity has followed the
change. ( Orchards and vineyard's with canneries and
wineries to handle the products of the more profitably
devoted acreage, beet sugar factories, raisin and fruit
packing-hocuses and many forms of allied industry have
appeared.. Large towns and cities have sprung into ex
istence and are fed by the newer enterprises. None of
California's acres used for varied products yield as little
as ?4-
THE RUSSIAN SEIZURES.
¦ ¦ '¦¦-¦/-¦•- - - ¦,¦- -: .-.V- ¦., ,' ;•--¦ ¦ ¦
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY [2i, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .'. . . . . V. . Address AH Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ". • ....Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY ,... .....JULY 24, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
32The great flood at Topeka, Kans.,
last year has been found to be a bless
ing In disguise. Ever since the district
has not been bothered by the vermin
that before infested it— mice, rats,
moles, gophers and rabbits.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the Laguna drainage district
could not condemn a strip of land be
longing to the Charles Martin Com
pany. The defendant company ar
gued tlyit the land in dispute was not
needed for public purposes ijr.d the
court sustains that view
Cannot Condemn Land.
Thomas Fitzpatrick and Edward
Daly were each sentenced to serve six
months -in the County Jail by Judge
Dunne yesterday. They were charged
with grand larceny, but were allowed
to plead guilty to petty larceny. They
are known as "bay pirates," and last
April stole two cases\of rubber hoae,
valued at $100, from the wharf of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany.
Get Six Months Each.
Lawrence Nihell must spend eight
een months at Folsom for stabbing a
night watchman of Nevada City, ac
cording to a decision rendered yester
day by the Supreme Court. The de
fendant claimed he was resisting il
legal arrest and that he was suffering
from epilepsy at the time the deed
was committed. The court disagrees
directly with Nihell on both points.
Court Disagrees With Nihell.
The appraisers of the estate of
Ernest L. Campbell, the deceased
lawyer, yesterday reported to the
Probate Court that they had found its
value to be $77,161, the principal item
consisting of money in the sum of
$47,155 48. Many valueless notes for
for small amounts were found by the
appraisers.
Campbell Estate Valued.
Ye Olde Enclish Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules'. That's all. •
The man was arrested and g^ve hi3
name as Constant Marchand. Mar
chand is 75 years of age. He said
that he had taken the real estate cir
cular and the pamphlet for the pur
pose of reading them. He was charged
with having embezzled mall matter
before it had been delivered to the
person to whom it was directed. It is
expected that Marchand will plead
guilty. W.^0
For some time frequent complaints
have been made to the postoffice in
spectors that pamphlets, circulars
and magazines were being stolen from
private letter boxes after having been
placed there by the mail carriers. The
matter was put in the hands of Post
office Inspector James O*Connell and
Clerk R. H. Morse and a watch was
set. Yesterday^ morning they detected
an old man taking real estate circu
lars and a pamphlet of the Woodmen
of the World from a letter box in the
hallway of 231 Post street.
Has no Use for the Public Library and
Prefers Real Estate Fiction
Serials. >
ThetPolnt Lobos Improvement Club
yesterday filed three petitions with the
Board of Supervisors requesting that
the necessary steps be taken to open
and extend Post street from Central
avenue 'to First avenue and that the
sewers, cesspools and catch basins in
the Richmond district be flushed and
cleaned out. The petition states that
the odor emanating from the sewers is
a .menace to, the health of the resi
dents.
Petitions for Improvements.
AGED MAN IS DETECTED
STEALING MAIL MATTER
Pat rolk« — I reduced my weight 70
pounds, bust 6 Inches, waist 6 Inches and hips
14 Inches ln a short time by a guaranteed
harmless remedy without exercise or starving:. I
will tell you all about It/ Inclose stamp. Ad
dress MRS. E. O. RICHARDS.
226 East Xlnth street,
• . Riverside, Cal.
Three Cuban laborers, who arrived
on the steamer San Juan recently,
were ordered deported yesterday by
United States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North. The evidence
taken before a special board of inquiry
disclosed that they were on their way
to accept employment with the Iron
Mountain Mining Company in Shasta
County on the written invitation of
the foreman.
Contract Laborers Deported.
The officers of the Grand Lodge are:
J. Wunder of Sacramento, grand chief;
H. Schulz and H. Grieb of San Fran
cisco, sub-chiefs; H.' Schreiber, San
Francisco, chaplain; M. Fuetscher, San
Francisco, secretary; F. Schneider,
Sacramento, treasurer; G. Rltter, Sac
ramento, marshal; F. W. Schurmann,
San Francisco, herald; C. G. Strippel,
San Francisco, guide; S. Schllnsky, H.
NIcolai and F. A. Ebel, San Francisco,
guards.
The reports will show that during
the last twelve moons there was an
increase in excess of 200 — a good
showing when it is considered that the
order draws its membership only from
the German population. The total
membership is now 1360 and the funds
amount to $80,575. The lodge in
Santa Cruz has made arrangements
for the entertainment of the visiting
brothers during such* time as they
shall not be in council. <
The fortieth annual session of the
California Grand Lodge of the Inde
pendent Order of Red men (German
order) will open in Santa Cruz next
Tuesday and continue in session until
the following Thursday. There will
be delegates from the fourteen lodges
in the State. It promises to be a very
interesting session, as proposed
changes in the laws of the grand body
will be presented and there will be a
contest for almost every office.
A feature of this convention will be
the meeting place. The lodge in
Santa Cruz will fit up a place ln the
long house with a "forest of trees,"
so that the council brand shall be
kindled under the trees in the man
ner that prevailed among primitive
red men.
Council Brand Will Be Kindled in a
Forest Trees in Primitive.
ln-luin Style.
Maxwell McNutt, who recently ob
tained a divorce from his wife, Maud
Treadwell McXutt, yesterday with
drew as her attorney in the various
suits being prosecuted against' her and
other heirs of the Treadwell estate
by Joseph W. Reay, Involving the title
to valuable outside lands. McXutt is
succeeded as attorney by the firm of
Monroe & Cornwall. Reay is a squat
ter on lands granted to Treadwell in
1877.
McNutt Withdraws From Suits.
GERMAN RED MEN'S LODGE
WILL MEET IN SANTA CRUZ
Mrs. Laura Spohn, wife of Charles
Spohn, a liquor dealer in Los Angeles,
swore to a warrant in Police Judge
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest
of her husband on a charge of battery'-
She says that on July 3. while they
were in this city, he struck her on the
face "three times, drawing blood. He
had just returned to the city after a
short absence and she believed he
would kill her. They were married
five years ago and were later divorced,
but as he pleaded with her and prom
ised to behave himself properly they
were remarried two and a half years
ago. Spohn used to be in the liquor
business in this city.
Says Husband Beats Her.
When the Supreme Court handed
down a decision freeing Xolberto Cor
onado from a murder charge it was
ruled that the demurrer should be sus
tained. As there was no demurrer in
the case the officials of Santa Clara
County were much perplexed. The
court yesterday issued another order
directing the trial Judge to dismiss
the information as previously decreed
and to disregard the mention of a de
murrer. Coronado will be rearrested
on a new complaint and a new Infor
mation will be filed. It was not stated
in the first instance that his victim was
a human being and the court holds
that such an allegation is necessary.
Relieves Troubled Officials.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the dentistry laws are constitutional.
Henceforth, the Board of Dental Ex
aminers will have all the power it has
claimed in the issuance of licenses to
prr-iice. The arguments of the un
licensed dentists that the laws were
discriminatory are shown to be inap
plicable. The contest was instituted
by those who could not get licenses
from the State board. The matter
was carried to the Supreme Court on
a petition for a writ of habeas corpus
in favor of C. H. Whitley, who was ar
rested for practicing dentistry without
a license. ; '
The court holds that while the law
gives the Board of Dental Examiners
great power, the Legislature has the
right to impose such restrictions as it
may choose when the public welfare
and health is involved. Dentists who
were practicing prior to the passage
of the act and those who are grad
uated from schools of recognized
standing rosy secure licenses under the
law at the will of the board.
Supreme Court Sustains Action of
Dental Examiners in Refusing
to Grant Licenses.
SAYS DENTISTRY LAWS
ARE CONSTITUTIONAL
Letter Carrier Falls Dead.
While engaged in delivering letters
at the residence of Dr. J. A. Simpson,
418 Mississippi street, yesterday morn
ing. Reason B. Beall fell dead on the
front steps. Mr. Beall had been a let
ter carrier in the San Francisco Post
office for twenty-five years consecu
tively. He was about 60 years old, a
veteran of the Civil War and lived
with his wife and family at 349 Lib
erty street. He had been joking with
two painters at work on the front
of the house a moment before he
died.
The standard Biscuit Company yes
terday commenced suit in the Superior
Court for $692 30. alleged to be due
from the Xew Amsterdam Casualty
Company. The biscuit company took
out a policy insuring it against loss
from accidents happening to its em
ployes in a sum not exceeding $5000
for one man injured or $10,000 for a
number of men. Robert Bo5<iue was
hurt in the factory and sued for $50,
000 damages. The suit was com
promised for $300 after the firm had
expended $392 30 in defending the
case. It is contended that the insur
ance company should pay the bill.
rhftnnUy Company Sued.
Going at its high speed the runaway
soon reached the , level of the cross
street below and was stopped by the
brakes. Then the doors .were pried
open and the half fainting women re
leased. The wrecked car was re
moved and the cable repaired.
Off the rails, jumping over the
round cobblestones, car 414 of the
Powell -street line, carrying a load of
frightened, screaming women, yester
day morning broke from the path laid
out by the railroad company and went
down a steep hill. It was just where
the track pitches down a forty-flve
degree grade from Pine street toward
California. Something got afoul of
the cable and off went the heavy car
down the rough pavement.
The only means of controlling the
car was with the hand brakes, and
Gripman Stockmier-e threw himself on
the lever of the one in his end of the
car, while Conductor Hatch put all his
weight on the other. Both men called
to the passengers not to jump from the
coach, but they might as well have
talked to the car itself. The passen
gers struggled' to get out, but for
tunately the strain on the framework
of the car bound the closed doors and
no one could leave.
Plunges Down n Steep Grade With
Frightened Passengers Impris
oned Inside. .
STREETCAR JUMPS THE
RAILS AXD RUNS AWAY
At a meeting of the Park Commis
sioners, held yesterday afternoon in
Commissioner Reuben H. Lloyd's of
fice, a committee from the Oceanside
Improvement Club presented a long
list of grievances. The members of
the committee seemed somewhat at
variance over the different reforms re
quired, but all agreed that the actions
of half-nude bathers on the beach
were offensive and scandalous. One
of the committee said that the bathers
seemed to take a pride in displaying
their shapely anatomies for the de
lectation of their admiring friends.
They asked the board to place a po
liceman on the beach to prevent this.
W. L. Harper, who had already
asked the Commissioners for permis
sion to erect bathing-houses on the
beach, then requested that the Com
missioners themselves erect bath
houses. Commissioner Lloyd replied
that the Commissioners had asked for
funds with which to do this, but had
failed to obtain an appropriation.
Complaint was also made that de
spite the noticeof the Commissioners,
automobiles stillcontinued to "scorch"
along the ocean boulevard. The im
provement club was told that if it
would hire and pay for a special man
the Commissioners would procure him
a permit to arrest such offenders.
They also said the official would be
empowered to arrest any semi-clad
bathers along the beach. The club
made the following requests: That an
entrance to the park at Forty-seventh
avenue be constructed; that more
lights be placed along the boulevard,
and that picnic parties be prevented
from littering the sand dunes and
beach with papers and refuse. These
requests were taken under advisement.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club
asked that Mountain Lake Park in the
Richmond district be improved and
that the destruction of birds be
stopped. This, together with the re
peated killing of quail in Golden Gate
Park, led to a vote that notices be
posted in all the parks offering a re
ward of $50 for the arrest and convic
tion of any person trapping, maiming
or killing any bird or animal in any of
the parks.
Petition was made that the appro
priation of $5000 for the improvement
of Dolores street, from Fifteenth to
Sixteenth, be used by the Park Com
missioners. This appropriation was
made "by the Supervisors, but the
money was tied up. The residents pe
tition the Commissioners to take
charge so that the work, which has for
it3 object the beautification of the Mis
sion Dolores neighborhood, may be
completed. The commission will call
for plans for the work.
The peddlers are still seeking to
gain admission to the beach. They
claim that the Park Commissioners
have no jurisdiction over the strip of
sand between the boulevard and the
ocean. William R. Hewitt, Chief of
the Department of Electricity, who
was the original surveyor, testified that
his survey made no dividing line be
tween the highway and the ocean.
Judge Mpgan has the case under ad
visement. 1
"In examinations for promotion in the
Police Department, beginning with
those held this month, the commission
will not hereafter require applicants to
pass a medical examination. This deci
sion was reached as a result of the in
effectiveness of condemnations made by
our medical boards in past examina
tions for promotions. In several in
stances applicants barred by the doc
tors when they came up for promotion
were, retained in active service in the
department, notwithstanding the phy
sical disabilities from which they were
suffering. There were two reasons for
their retention— first, the Police Com
missioners needed them, as they could
not afford to diminish the working
force of the department unles the dis
missal or pensioning of the men became
imperative; second, the pension fund
was not strong enough to bear the
added burden of the retirement of ad
ditional men. The anomalous condition
thus arose of the retention in active
service of men condemned by the med
ical board as unfit for active duty in a
higher rank.
"We therefore decided to leave the
question of the physical ability of the
applicants for promotion in the hands
of the Police Commissioners. They
have the right to retire a member of
the department whenever he becomes
disabled, and in our opinion they should
have the opportunity to exercise that
r^ght without our assistance.
"We have also limited the period
during which meritorious conduct will
be considered in examinations for pro
motion in the Police Department to
January 8, 1300, when the charter went
into effect.
"We recommend to your Honor the
advisability of introducing ln the Police
Department some satisfactory method
of recorcng meritorious servfee, so that
in subsequent examinations for promo
tion better consideration may be given
to applicants who by their conduct
have shown themselves worthy of pro
motion."
The Civil Service Commission yester
day filed its annual report with the
Mayor, showing that during the last
fiscal year six examinations have been
held for various positions in the Fire.
Health and Police departments. The
report also shows that 3853 applicants
passed in a total of ninety-six examina
tions held since January 8, 1900, and
2054 failed. There were 1125 appoint
ments made, including 150 temporary
clerks. There are 3023 laborers regis
tered, of whom seventy-two are work
ing. The report also tells of the litiga
tion in which the department has been
involved and of its troubles with other
departments, which, however, have all
been settled. The report continues:
It was then decided to send a com
munication to the Modesto and Tur
lock Irrigation District boards, who
are opposing this city's petition for
water rights on the Tuolumne, asking
them to meet in conference with the
representatives of the bay cities for the
purpose of securing harmonious action
in the matter.
Braunhart explained that the appli
cation of this city for water rights on
the Tuolumne River had been denied
by the Secretary of the Interior, that
Congress had been memorialized to
grant the rights, that, steps must be
taken to procure a municipal supply
and that a great deal depends upon the
activity of nearby cities. Price was of
the opinion that the Spring Valley
Water Company's plant was inade
quate to supply water to the whole
coast line around the bay and the cities
would have to look further.
Dockweiler urged that energy should
be first spent in getting water rights
before a dollar is expended. On a
basis of 60,000,000 gallons the scheme
would cost $40,000,000 and even if the
Spring Valley plant was taken over it
would be necessary to go to the Sierra
Nevada watersheds for more water,
said Dockweiler. He strongly favored
the Tuolumne project, which Waggon
er contended was not the only avail
able source. Braunhart thought the
Spring Valley Water Works should be
acquired as an auxiliary system to
prevent the tearing up of streets to
install new mains.
The members of the Supervisors'
Public Utilities Committee held a con
ference yesterday with representatives
of Alameda, Berkeley and Oakland for
the purpose' of agreeing upon joint ac
tion in 'the matter of securing a muni
cipal water supply for this city and its
neighbors across the bay. Besides Su
pervisors Braunhart, D'Ancona, Mc
(Jlellan, Bi/xton, Booth, Hocks and
Connor, there were present Joseph
Forderer of Alameda, who was called
to the chair, Thomas Rickard and
Thomas Dowd of Berkeley, A. H. El
liott, G. E. Aitken and J. T. Wallace
of Oakland, City Engineer Woodward
and Engineers H. Price, J. H. Dock
weiler and Luther Waggoner.
Abolishes Medical Examina
tions for Promotions in
the Police Department
Commissioners Offer Fifty
Dollars Reward for Con
viction . of Depredators
Appeal to. Modesto and Tur
lock Irrigation Districts
for Harmonious Action
TO STOP BIRD KILLING
SUBJECT IS DISCUSSED
REFERS TO LITIGATION
Adjoining Cities to Co-op
erate With San Francisco
for a Municipal Project
Committee Asks Park Board
to Forbid Half-Dressed
Bathers Use of the Beach
Civil Service Commission
Tells of Its Labors for
Fiscal Year Just Ended
BATHING-HOUSES
ARE DEMANDED
BOARD SUBMITS
ANNUAL REPORT
WANT A JOINT
WATER SUPPLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
33
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»? Sold only in the following 1 outfit, f iu X %
g double or three-quarter size: />! / \ o
g Iron Bed " S .70 g^J |
p Wire Spring with cable support. .. 1.7ft ( ftSIii »*/»",^S)fi^ 'Itl^ o
g Wool Top Mattress, 5 in. thick... _2£5 N^^BSESSP^_ ,|
.§ Regular price $3.50 $4 70 JU— ' |
8 tf^^mi^^^iH Platc and SteIn Racks ' J ust as I
? 'V shown in picture; 3 feet long:, in £j
g^^^^^^SS^SSKS^ ; ?°^ en Of weathered oak. Reg-u- S
0 \^^S^&L^^Mi lar P ricc 50 - For this week |
g Saturday night, between 7 and 10 H |
g o f dock, heavy Nickel-Plated Cof- IM^'Al K I
% fee Pot, just as pictured, or kettle yKf* iM^^'Mi^ '%
g to match. Your choice for, each J^^^M g
g Only one will be sold to each customer. &
I Eastern Outfitting Co. I
I 1320-1328 STOCKTON STREET. |
X We furnish houses complete. All cars lead to our store. £
S Country orders solicited. 8
Especial attention is invited to
the
DOMESTIC HELP
• and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
See pages 42 to 46.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Curtain Department
Third Floor
New French Lace Curtains
1 f%Y \k\fl i Good French Net, with PO 7R *
n 111 By 111 Hk S 1 I U
BbUI l«Ul i beautiful scroll designs, &$Jy pa } P
i fit I^In Extra quality Net, with tf& 4J RH
IbUI ivlUl da lace insertions, |© ;T n<Mr
inUt SflUa \3 l ace e dges and insertions, _ alp
Third Floor
Annual shipment just received, comprising a
most complete line, from the smallest mat to
the large carpet sizes, priced as follows:
Guendje Rugs, from $4.75
¦ • »
Larabagh Hugs, from $5.50
Shirvan <?» x x from $16.00
Moussul Rugs, from $20.00
Carpet size assortment consists of Herat, ?
Khorassan, Goravan and Tabriz. These rugs
are all guaranteed genuine.
I C^^y Cor.PostrKearht Sts* i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD V KKT1SKMEXTS.
> fk 1 PAYMFNIS
Before going elsewhere to purchase your library furnish- I
ings call in and see our latest designs in Bookcases, Tables, j*
Chairs, Lounges, Rugs, Draperies, etc. We have an im- |
mense stock to select from and at prices to suit everybody. 1
I Remember in buying from us you save the price of rent that I
a'll other houses add to the cost of their goods — that's money jj
saved by you. Also that we are not members of the carpet 3
combine— that's more money saved for you. 1
The J. Noonan Furniture Co. j
1017-1023 MISSION STREET. Above sixth. ¦'¦
f»; -•;¦ . . . ¦ ; ™~. r .... 1 " ]
Miss Anna Held
cnves much of her charm to her glorious auburn hair. No portrait
can do her justice, and mere verbal description is a dismal failure.
Only by seeing these luxuriant tresses can you understand why Miss
Held is the admiration and the envy of women in her own profes-
sion. The envy is needless, for any woman not blessed by nature
with abundant and beautiful hair may have it by using
(Pronounced Pee-no)
Eau de Quinine
HAIR TONIC
Used by crowned heads and the elite the world over. SENT
FREE to convince you that it is the greatest HAIR AND SCALP
'TOXIC on the market. No other hair restorative and dressing has
such a world-wide reputation. ONCE TRIED ALWAYS USED.
It makes the hair beautiful, removes dandruff, stops falling hair,
restores the scalp to a healthy condition and preserves your hair, if
used regularly, to a ripe old age. FOR SALE BY ALL FIRST-
CLASS DEALERS EYERYW HERE. 50c and $1.00. Beware of
mutations: See that the NAME ED. PINAUD is on each bottle.
Ai FREE SAMPLE will be senYj
to any one sending 4c in stamps. ' We are the largest manufac*
to pay postage to ED PI- turers ln *he world of high
:' & ! grede perfumes. Our name is
-V\<DS American Omce, J.D. a guarantee of highest quality.
PINAUD Building, Ave. —Parfumtrie Ed. Pinaud, 18
and i_-vh St.. New York Cilv. I PIacC VcadS ™> Paris."Third — :The Harders-Berger com
mittee must, have known when it
adopted said resolution that It Is ab
solutely impossible, literally, to make
its provisions operative. Practically
every union In San Francisco has a
clause In Its constitution prohibiting
any political action directly by the
union. The conditions of our party
to-day are not those of 1901. Then
we had no political standing whatever
and it became necessary to take steps
such as proposed by the resolution of
the Harders-Berger committee. The
convention of 1903 renominated
Eugene E. Schmitz, the undisputed
leader of our party to-day. The con
vention was made up of delegates
regularly elected at a primary, when
"Second — The plan suggested is Im
practicable from the standpoint of
equal rights and fair representation;
large unions with a very small regis
tered vote would have a large repre
sentation in the selecting of delegates
and smaller unions with a large per
centage of their members registered
voters would have practically no
voice.
the primary law.
UARDERS-BERGER FACTION OP
IiABOR PARTY TURNED DO\VX
The Krupp establishment takes the
lead in providing comfortable houses
and cottages for the laboring classes.
In 1901 the value of the dwellings used
exclusively by workmen was $3,875,000,
a total of 4274 houses.
a most bitter contest was waged
against us by the members of the
Harders-Berger committee and their
few followers.
"We are inclined to the belief that
the Harders-vBerger committee has
very little standing as a county com
mittee or with the voters of the Union
Labor party. We are forced to the be
lief that at the last municipal election
.the members and followers of the
Harders-Berger committee were with
the enemy. At the same time it is
the desire of this committee for har
mony among all voters of the Union
Labor party, and while we reject the
suggestions made by the Harders-
Berger committee, we extend the hand
of good fellowship to them and ask
them to join with us, the regular gov
erning committee of the Union Labor
party, in our effort for success at the
coming: election."
In its petition for the writ the Hiber
nia Bank set forth that Mrs. Florencia
Portener, daughter of Attorney Spli
\ alo, borrowed $10,000 from the bank in
1S8T, giving a mortgage on the property
as security. During the foreclosure pro
ceedings it developed that Mrs. Spll
valo, wife of the attorney, claimed title
to the property and repudiated the
debt of her daughter. But the bank
WD3 no*- tn be denied its rights. As
soon as the writ of assistance was is-
Eucd it .was placed in the hands of
Sheriff r Cui Us and his deputies were
djrected to execute it.
Repairing to the SpHvalio home the
PETITION* OF BANK.
The complaint goes on to say that
the house was .raided and ransacked
and some of Its contents were des
stroyed. The Sheriff and his assistants
began by pitching out all the valuable
furniture, jewelry and rare books, It Is
alleged, and they continued the "raid,
wreckage and devastation" from 4:30
in the afternoon of January 25 until 9
o'clock the next morning. It is also
said that the men did their work in a
"riotous and tumultuous manner" and
that, under the leadership of the Sher
iff, they were "vulgar, unmannerly and
Ignorant" and did not appreciate the
worth of the property they were so
roughly handling.
For the "oppression, violence and
abuse" the plaintiff demands $10,000
exemplary damages and for the in
juries and destruction of property she
asks payment In the sum of $15,000. J.
A. Spinettl is her attorney.
Yesterday's suit is the culmination of
an effort of the Hibernia Bank to gain
possession of the home where Augus
tus D. Splivalo, a well-known attor
ney,' lived and entertained distin
guished guests for many years. The
ejectment of the Splivalos from their
home, the basis of the suit filed yester
day, was made by the Sheriff's depu
ties under a writ of assistance issued
by Judge Hebbard.
She alleges that on January 25, 1904,
the Sheriff broke into the Splivalo
home at 1120 Washington street, over
powered her aged^xnother and minor
son and took forcible possession of the
house. The complainant avers that the
residence contains twenty-flve rooms
which were nicely fitted w:'.h rare fur
niture, carpets and paintings worth
$20,000. The value of the Jewelry, sil
verware and relics, together with the
library in the building at that time is
placed at $25,000, the garden and con
servatory at $1000 and the dwelling and
outhouses at $50,000.
HOUSE IS RAIDED.
Rough handling of rare furniture,
art - treasures and flowers by "a gang
of hired men too Ignorant to know the
value of the things they were despoil
ing" is the basis of a suit for damages
In the sum of $2o,000 begun yesterday
in the Superior Court against Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis by Catalina Splivalo.
Catalina Splivalo Demands
$25,000 for Injury to
Her Personal Property
SUES SHERIFF
FOR BIG SUM
Sheriff's deputies proceeded with their
work. Furniture and valuables and
carpets and kitchen utensils were piled
together on the sidewalk. "When the
work was done the Hibernia Bank was
in possession. Yesterday's suit does not
complain that the Sheriff or his depu
ties acted illegally in removing the fur
niture, but that in its removal they
exercised undue strenuousity.
This allegation Sheriff Curtis denies.
He said last evening that he had long
expected the suit, as the Splivalos had
given him much trouble In his official
efforts to carry out the orders of the
court. He said his deputies had in
jured nothing, nor was Mrs. Spltvalo
damaged through their actions. Ha
simply did his official duty as ha found
it, he said, and was not afraid of the
outcome.
Tr»pp«r's Oil cores rhenzn&tlsm and aeormlsta.
Druggists. 5Oc Cask. Richard A Ox. 400 Clay.*
Chines© Falls From Car.
Ah Quong:. an employs of a Bay
View brickyard, received several In
juries by stepping off backward Crora
a Kentucky-street car at Railroad and
Sixth avenues. South. Ha sustained
lacerated wounds of the scalp, several
teeth knocked out and a broken nose.
He went home after having: hij wounds
dressed at MdLaugrhlln's drug star* at
Eleventh and Railroad avenues.
E. 7. Bton. dectltt: Hal^ht * IZuoste «.*«.•
Love has no labor troubles.
Reception Given to Peter F. Gilroy
by the Fifteen Local Camps .
of Woodcraft."
A reception to Peter F. Gilroy, past
consul commander of Mission Camp. .
Woodmen of the World, was given
last night in Native Sons' Hall by the
fifteen camps of the order in this city.
This was to show that the 4600 local
members appreciate his recent elec
tion to the position of State organizer,
a post formerly held by the late W.
I* Temple, who was killed in a rail
road accident- The hall was crowded
to its full seating capacity by women
and men and hundreds stood up. The '
guest of the evening was escorted to '.
the stage by about fifty prominent ;
members of the organization, passing
through a file of all the uniformed .
teams of the local camps.
teams of the local camps.
T. P. Quinlaln. banker of Golden J
Gate Camp, who was chairman of the '
evening:, welcomed the State organiz
er and assured him that the demon
stration was to give evidence that
every San Francisco neighbor of
Woodcraft was ready to assist him in
his work. Vocal selections by W. W.
Brackett and A. Olson followed; then
came an address by W. C Krumm,
special organizer for San Francisco,
one by Dr. Oliver Jr., editor ~of the
Pacific Woodman, and the presenta
tion by Neighbor H. C. Hazelrigg of
a gold emblematic badge to the guest '
with a large floral piece. '
The State organizer was Introduced '
and after thanking the neighbors for
the reception spoke eloquently on
Woodcraft and told of his plans for
the' advancement of the order In this
State. The meeting closed with three
cheers for "our Gil.'*
Dies From Carbolic Add.
Mrs.' Dena Case, aged 55 years, who
lived at 1116 Mission street, ended
her life , yesterday by drinking car
bolic acid- 'n' her room. The^woman
became despondent from being de
serted by a man 'with^whom she had
been consorting. She was removed to
the Emergency Hospital, where she
was treated .by Dr. Kulsicti, but efforts
to save her life were futile. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD I
HONOR THE ORGANIZER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 23. — Two
men were killed and several others
met with a narrow escape from death
by a cave-in at the Morning mine near
Mullan. The dead miners are Oscar
Olson and Charles Johnson. They
were burled under an immense
amount of ore and their bodies were
not recovered for several hours.
A number of other miners were
working in the store where the cave
in occurred, but they chanced to be at
the outer edge of the fall of rock and
thus escaped.
Men Are Buried Under an Immense
Amount of Ore and Are In-.
stantly Killed.
CAVE-IN RESULTS IN
DEATH OF TWO MINERS
"When you want something "different" In
booklets, see Edw. Knowles Co., 24 Second St.*
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee has arranged 1 to hold a mass
meeting next Thursday- evening. at 8
o'clock at the Alhambra Theater to
ratify the nominations of the St. Louis
convention.
Timothy Spellacy, chairman of the
State Central Committee, will call the
meeting to order and Introduce the
presiding officer of the evening.
The following is a list of speakers
who have been Invited to address th©
assemblage: Thomas J. Geary.
Maurice T. Dooling, D. M. Delmas,
Congressmen Livernash and Wynn,
James C. Sims, James G. Maguire,
Charles A. Sweigert and Thomas M.
O'Connor. The Golden State band of
thirty pieces will give an open-air
concert in front of the theater at
7:30 p. m. Seats will be reserved for
ladies and their escorts.
The State committee expects to
make arrangements to have Congress
man CWamD Clark of Missouri W.
Bourke Cochran of New York and
"William J. Bryan of Nebraska address
meetings in California some time dur
ing the campaign.
State Central Committee Arranges for
3Iass-3Ieetlns at the Alhambra
Theater.
DEMOCRATS TO RATIFY
ST. LOUIS i- NOMINATIONS
The following grounds, among oth
ers, were assigned for refusing to har
znonlze with the Harders-Berge rites:
"First — The opportunity is offered
every loyal member of organized la
bor and our sympathizers to partici
pate in the conduct of the affairs of
our party through and by means of
County Committee. Controlled by I
Mayor's Follov. . Rejects
Union Representation.
The County Committee of the Union
Lcbor party, which is controlled by
the Schmita faction of the organiza
tion, yesterday turned dovrn the prop
osition submitted by the Harders-
Berger vrlng that the party's nomin
ating convention be constituted solely
of delegates from local unions, each
union to send one representative for
each 600 members or fraction thereof.
The matter Teas considered by a sub
committee, which reported against
adopting the proposal, and this report
was duly indorsed by the whole com
mittee. \
34
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
"Our Entire Line of
$25.00 Suits Now $12.50
A final clearance of 150 Tailored Suits which we discovered during last week's inventory.
We have cut the price in half to make sure of their going quickly.
* * *jA r ° u w^' nc * a^ t * ie popular cloths— Kght and dark mixtures in Eton
/^w^^^^fSpP^ anc * coat e^ ects anc^ delightful trimming combinations. There is also a
strong line of Cheviot Suits in black, blue and brown in Eton coa& and
•^Sv^JlC^ blouse effect styles.
w5«r^\\ m^ nute description is impossible, but if you g*% m a »
-^rPi'^w^ * want a real suit bargain we urge you to see these at S^ & &f m \J
i ?& u^y Misses 1
mmZ&ZJ ***** r% • X-^ -^ W.thout a Single Exception all
Wjm $25 Suits, $ 1 2.50 Walking Hats
¦/*% &£ The same reduction will apply to a MllSt Go
<tffl§&- caW Iot °^ Misscs ' Suits - The materials are . ah thepop-
M$jfr$i#&P P la in cloths and. mixtures, and the sizes ' '^^n
i^W^^iiip^^T are 1^' IO^ an(^ J^ # Small WOmen will no ,<^^^! ors. Torpedo
tm^MW-Wl do^ bt find something suitable in this lot. ..-^tlSi^lr tho
*ffi'#^&kK>Z!?i£^ This sale is a very impor- **-^gjk)j«gJ£^y S. e : w ones -
tant one. Every $25 suit com/ under
Z?2~ ss^^'j6^^ t ' STOeS at JJXfcLti^V *^A ** / the same
b vIPL. A ¦ P rice head
"^"^¦ii""'"^ now, however.
Children's Wash Dresses Now we close out all ™*n\ ve^l
¦Z^^T^ China Silk Waists %fP|Kf~
at Great Reductions y g . * 1 '*
success. School begins to- Word descriptions fail to ' TWO Final
morrow, and with its begin- tell the. story of the beauty, WVl^H CaOftdQ
ning comes a demand for workmanship and real .worth Uoll V9<U^J\I5
dresses just such as we offer of these waists. Such a va- Reductions
in this sale. Here is the op- rieds use is made of the hand- Wash Etamines— L' ht d'
portunity to buy dresses at a some lace and insertings, the and dark colors; stylfsh pStSSs;
price which would hardly pay tucking and gathering, that large assortment; regular *s\
for the materials used, and details are impossible. They 2 5c a yard, now IUC
ther. are perfectly made, too. are the kind of waists we take JSS^Stof"^S^ Utf-
There are many styles— pride in handling. white and tinted grounds; large
Buster Browns, Sailors, sus- e. cn phina «;;ilr Waicsts <19 7R assortment of patterns and col-
pender style and Russian. The |^ SSal , k WafsujliSO SSSSg§^ I 9c
materials are the kind that J ¦ *^ y ' .•••
give service. There are ¦
18 years. Note the prices: i^^7 wS J x^S i * Jt^ \^s
$2.50 Dresses'. *.*.'.* '."$1.25 f 1* j^^^0
$3.50- Dresses .$L95 nofirt£f?GfiANr/#e.ANp p£AGY sr
LAST WEEK OF REMNANT SALE
PRICES LOWER THAN EVER. To-morrow is your chance,
take full advantage of it. Sale clones next Saturday night and the last
week will be the greatest week. Remnants everywhere.
Remnants From the Silk Dep't Ready=to«Wear Garments
Your last chance to get remnants T&« Very latest Styles Greatly Be-
at remnant sale prices. Sale posi- «««•* *° =«.ct an Immediate
tively closes next Saturday night. workT PM ,,, *
a m ; f ,.n, B . n ,, t i«t WOOLEN SUITS — Were $15.00
A miscellaneous lot. and $f This wcek# _ # *>
REMNANTS OF FANCY ....«pl.iD
SILKS— From 4 to 10 yards in WOOLEN SUITS— Were $25.00
length. Shown xn checks, pongee and $28.50. This week.... £12 CA
stripes, moire in colors, bayadere . «plu«D"
S d ni^ n !f Vh; lot 011 '^ l?C g WOOLEN SUITS^Were $32.50
r?mnam% UP y ar h d?. !?:•...^ 25C $ 3S .o5. This week. ... j^A
REMNANTS OF BLACK SHIRT WAI sfsUITS-Wa's h-
TAFFETA SILK— We have de- able . Wcrc $s>00# This O AC
cided to make a special price on W eek y*f7v
our great $1.25 black taffeta. It is a T P A r A * «;wtpt "watct
only forthis week. 36 i-hes wide SUITS-Weri $w?o tf O §e
(note the width.) A 1 ..narkable k ? S * $875
offer. This week, a yard.. >fl Q S ILKSmRT WAIST SUITS-
* * Were $22.50. This week. . (ff i CA
WHITE JAPANESE SILK— A !. $14.50
.good quality, suitable for dresses SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS—
or waists 21 inches wide A great Were $2S This week . *« p ft
value while it lasts. This - 3>1I.3U
week, a yard •"cOVERT " AND*" *CHEVIOT
Remnants of Black Dress Goods 1 f s K^ c r e s k - Wcre S&5 $4 95
am A E 7 nv A nnTTT° F p BL n AC f C O V E R T ' AND 'CHEVIOT
AMAZON CLOTH - Remnants JACKETS— Were $11.50. ff 7 7C •
from l% to 7 yfds. All wool, This week I. id
extra heavy % twill back, sponged . T
and shrunk;* 52 inches wide. The SklftS
regular $1.50 satin finish. Cloth WHm7 pTOTIF cTr TPTq
all wool, fast black, spong<?d and This week " tPO.OU
shrunk, $1 00 grade; 254 to 8 yard ALPAcA SKIRTS-^Black and
ylili^f^il '58c «%mk $7 -°°- This $4J5
REMNANTS OF BLACK SI- cl-'Vw"! *
CILIAN ALPACA— A coarse, bultt WaiStS
heavy iron frame weave, fast black, WHITE LAWN SHIRT
52-inch fabric that always sells at WAISTS— Very special; over 35
$1.00 on the bolt. Remnants from dozen of our $1.25 and' $1.50 white
2 to 10 yards. Any remnant, iQ^ shirt waists to be sacrificed to-
a yard *7 w morrow. One of the greatest cuts
REMNANTS OF SILK * ha t has ever been made. During
FINISHED HENRIETTAS— In this week your choice, C0 r
proper lengths for waists, wrap- ca <jh «J0w
pers and kimonos; rose, cream, INDIA SILK SHIRT WAISTS
baby blue, blood red, ciel, pink —Either white or black. All of
and cardinal; 37 inches wide, a fine our $3.75 and $4.00 lines. <M AC
twill, silk finish quality, |A_ This week tpL»7v
worth 50c. Any remnant.. 170 SILK WAISTS. PEAU DE
U*«*ah«U CnuxAe ? SOIE AND CREPE DE CHINE
IlOUSellDltt UOOOS — Black, white and colors. Were
Odd End* at Half Price. $7-50. Your choice this 0 1 7C
ROPE PORTIERES-One of week ' cach -« ** JD
the best bargains- we have ever NotlOHS and FaHCV Goods
offered in this department, bnown matt? rottcucc a j
in old rose and green, red and H , AIR BRUSHES— A^ drum-
green, pink and brown, tan and ™ er » s sam *> c lmc *™ r ** »* cost
nile; worth $3.25. During ff| AC J° manufacturer Being samples,
remnant .aleTVpair $L95 S^^lpfe?^ 23C
DOUBLE THREADED BOB- SPUN GLASS LINTNr_Aii
BINET-A a splendid grade in cofors, the Lm-^"
white and Arabian, and just the nant sale pric^ a yanl .... 14C
thing for bedspreads and curtains; sn K CQJ T AR pp A \rr«c
""ACE CURTAIN^hlv. a SggS^^^^
big lot of lace curtains that were designs; handsome tassels at each
marked $3.25 and $3.50, in white corner. Been selling at 75c. CA^'
only. They come with plain and Remnant sale price, each... d%
fancy centers. We will close out
the entire lot at cost. This 0^ CQ OlOVeS
week, a pair.. «J>^7 L I S LE GLOVES— One of the
BEDSPREADS — An extra large best wearing gloves we have ever
honeycomb bedspread, with Mar-, placed on sale. Double finger tips
seilles patterns, will be placed on and guaranteed to wear. Come in
special sale this week. This will be mode, gray, champagne, white or
a $2.00 spread. During ff| 2 A black. Sellinc regularly at JA-
the week, each... «Pl.t>7 50c. This week, a'pair 07U
I VERY SPECIAL 1 VERY SPECIAL
, 75c FOR A DUCK WASH- . $1.48 FOR AN ALL
ABLE SKIRT— Worth $1.75 LINEN SKIR T— Worth
and $2.50; 15 dozen to choose $2.75. See them in the win-
from. An entire manufacturer's dow. As long as they
sample line. Big special; "1C n last, each tf| 1Q
each Idy «pl.fl0
F f— «^*". if|^.|r>7- IOO POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jb^A-fc'iiJK.T OFTlCIAy.
German Eyewater
Instantly Relieves AH
Eye Trouble.
TRADE MASS.
|Q|><^S? Sa Noae rexinlae withont ti»
V&WJ^C traAo mark — an E79 witi
Price. 60e. By mall. 62c If your drurei*t
don't ke«p It order direct from George Majerla,
107X Market street. 8. T.
The American Authority
On Matters of Sanitation and Hygiene, says:
"GEORGE MAYERUTS latest and most im-
proved method of examining and correcting
roost complicated cases of defective Eyesight
has been approved by th« highest authorities."
Extract from the New York "Journal of
Health." r «yr
George lilayerle
German Expert Optician. Charter Member
American Association of ODticians.
1071 MABXET ST., SAW rEANCISCO.
American Association of ODticians.
Telephone South CT2.
A Warning ? .JH®
TO THS PT72XJC.
When wishinsr to consult Oeorffa May.
erle. the German Tjroert Optician. 1071
Market street, rejardinj tie conditloa or
the eye», avoid mistaklasr the place b7
looilnsr for the same "Oeorrs Mayerle"
ca tho door and window beXore cnterbur.
\$?iM]fh\ 0UR GREATEST CLEARANCE OF
fMl) ...CHILDREN'S WHITE AND COLORED DRESSES...
: T^^Jk Ages 6 months to 7 years-
nf^yVK Sweeping Reductions Are Made to Clear Stock With
(jjjyij3^ the Greatest Rapidity
$1/0 IV An unusual showing of broken lines, embracing hundreds of this season's
$ \ -j y styles, made' of piques, linens, lawns, madras, chambrays, seersuckers, ginghams,
! jt^O IT dimities and percales; all are neatly trimmed; made in our own workrooms.
f GZ^ hi- This is a sale of Children's Dresses that few women should fail to attend. In
most instances the prices of these ready-to-wear dresses amount to only what
i the material alone costs.
Outfit 3'our children now — it is to your interest. Sale commences to-morrow at 8:45 A. M.
\ COLORED DRESSES-French . and Em- COLORED SAILORS and RUSSIAN
pire styles. DRESSES.
Former prices ..75c $1.50 $2.75 $4-50 Former prices .$1.25 $1.50 $2.00 $3-50
Sale Prices 4jC 8 C Sl.6-> S2 76 Sale Prices.. 75c SI 00 §1.25 $2.25
WHITE and COLORED GUIMPE WHTT _ „-..._ . . T , TT?XT niTC
J DRESSES WHITE PIQUE and LINEN KILTS.
Former prices .$1.25 $2.00 $3.00 $4.50 Sjfpnce?" 8 "IVK t llSk *H% S^/S
Sale Prices 8 C Sl.3i SI.8jS2.2s Sale Prlce 5 Si.85 $2 25 $2.75
WHITE DRESSES— French and Empire j RUSSIAN DRESSES of white pique and
styles. linen.
Former prices .$1.25 $1.50 $1.85 $2.25 Former prices .$3.50 $4-5° $5-5O $6.50
Sale Prices 8 T C Sl.00 SI. 25 SI. 5O Sale Prices . . .$1.50 $2.50 $3.75 $4.25
IMPORTED FRENCH HAND - EMBROIDERED CHILDRENJS DRESSES, ages
6 months to 14 years, REDUCED IN PROPORTION. V
Odds and ends of LADIES' HIGH-GRADE SUMMER SUITS and
, WAISTS, this season's styles and materials, at positively H to % less than
, the usual prices.
Z ' // /f/f . \\/^/ Agents for the
Our 64-page .llus- S^Up // / 7 jr , W/y > M \y~ /TfirisS "ARNOLD"
trated catalogue V^>f@///^2^72^2V K^T GOODS.
will be sent , Q/A.Q22 /&fjHA/C/'T ST NO BRANCH
x ¦ »y/o J'«fc^^r / /f4r(f\C f o /? «< STORES
Linens, Bed Spreads, Blan-
Kets, Curtains and Flannels
Table Lmcn. Curtams
$1.0° Saffln^nVsIl $2.50 ™ ft*™*-
YARD TaDje Damask, full pa.r w^ltl 1 and Ecru
72 Inches Wide, Of Irish Mnttinrrh^Tn lar P riiptrmr
manufacture anl all new iTa comn7pti iin P n?w
designs, wltn napkins to 5L?J£ mplet2 llne or new
matrh ucMUiib«
.:- 1# %iOQ Ruffled Muslin
Napkins %*:£ Curtains, plamani
«3 nn 50 dozen Dlnne? floured, tn a large
$3.00 S a pKlnsffuU sfze! assortment of new patterns.
, pure linen and as- riirtnfn
sorted patterns. These Ulriam 3WISS
napkins formerly sold for ic« 45 pieces CURTAIN
$3.50 par dozen. l*^ SWISS, in lace ef-
T/vuw*lc fects, figured,- stripes
luwwu and dots.
$3 gn 100 dozen Linen D . . . „ t „ t
doz Hilck Towels, Printed French Flannek
cHtrhlrt m .P ed Dd ? em ; 50r» A J arge assortment
hnnSoJc! P.?? 1 colopel vn of *™*<* Flannels,
horders; full size. vd. m flQtSj slplp6St tiQ i
Crash To < wclfn(S ures » Persian effects anl
ing, also 50 pieces plain Scotch Tennis Flannel
he3yu Hand Toweling. *>3C 75 ne w- patterns of
RpdSnrpnd* Scotch Tennis Flannel
**~t o 7^h whT q £ In DlaIn and ranc B stripas,
$2.75 l^iti S?;l e i?? d cnecks and Dlaln colops -
—^sass 11^ laf cXf are warrantei
size," hemmel Teadp for ia5lC0l0 " i \
usej all new designs} form- * SDCCial
erln sold for $3 anl $3.50. » ffOTt 7A «« -i™*-* *
t Tt_-^ »m i * Attention Is directed to
WhltC Blankets our sale of Ladles' Fine
« nf\ 103 pairs fine all- LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
$5;00 £o ol caliropn a- ?hlch win he continued
PAIR Blankets, full size f[ M tDe coming week.
fnP dQUblP hPflS With n«;- The " hafidk8rcW « fs «r» frcn i leadlaf
sorted SoTdeFs. Sj Wlm * S STSST "' tM * "*
111 to 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet- i'/i ?>*;¦¦
During their conclave to be held
here the Knights^ Templar will sing
their triumphal hymn, "Grai\d Order
of the Earth." The music composed
by H. J. Stewart is a jine piece of
harmony. The words are by Miss
Lucy. Long. They are aptly eulogistic
of the Templars. The song is dedi
cated to. the Sir. Knights of the Order
of the Temple.
Song of the Templars.
An ambulance belonging to Godeau.
the undertaker, collided with a Sac
ramento-street car yesterday at Du
pont and Clay streets.. The collision
occurred as the ambulance was dash
ing along Dupont street toward Mar
ket, while the car was crossing the
street on its way down Sacramento.
The driver tried to pull up, but he
was too late and the ambulance
crashed into the car. Both horses
were thrown to the ground, one being
severely cut about the head and neck.
The driver of the ambulance received
a severe shock, otherwise no one was
injured. Godeau intends to sue the
railway company if they do not pay
for the damages to the horses and
ambulance. He claims that the am
bulance cad the right of way.
Ambulance Collides With Car.
NEW YORK, July 23. — George Far
rier of Jersey City has been arrested
by postofflce inspectors on a charge of
conducting a lottery by use of the
United States mails. The authorities
assert Farrier is the head and front
of the "San Domingo lottery" and has
been sending out tickets and alleged
drawings to all parts of the country.
The inspectors captured a quantity of
lottery tickets and sheets bearing the
Inscription of the official drawings and
containing a long list of supposed win
ning numbers. Farrier's father Is a
well-known citizen of Jersey City.
Jersey City Man Charged With Using
the Mails Unlawfully Is Un
der Arrest.
LOTTERY DEALER NABBED
BY FEDERAL OFFICERS
NEW YORK, July 23.— The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco — H: Johnson, at
the Herald Square; E. O. Demolin, at
the Park Avenue; C. B. Sloan, at the
Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — D. H. Hart, at
the Navarre; A. S. Jones and wife, at
the Bartholdi.
From Sacramento — Mrs. Hartzell,
at the Continental.
From San Rafael — T. T. Williams,
at the Holland.
From Long Beach — T. H. Wilson, at
the Earlington.
Californlans in New York. '
Grant Snyder, a well-known mining
man of Salt Lake, who vis largely in
terested In California properties, ar
rived here yesterday and is staying at
the Palace.
John M. Switzer of Cebu, Philippine
Islands, who was a delegate to the Re
publican convention in Chicago, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday on his
way to the Orient.
H. E. Pierpont of Chicago, assistant
general freight agent of the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad, is a
guest at the Palace. He is making a
tour of the coast for pleasure.
Dr. L. D. Hughes of the navy is at
the Occidental.
Frank McCaffrey, District Attorney
of Brooklyn, is at the Palace-
Douglas Cone and wife of Red Bluff
registered at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. Otto Swlngenberger of St. Louis
is among the latest arrivals at the
Palace.
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the
Harriman lines, left for Chicago on
last evening's overland.
A. R. Sprague of Sacramento,
president and general manager of the
California Fruit Exchange, is at the
Palace.
Chester A. Arthur. of New York, son
of the late President, arrived from the
East yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. He- is on his way to Santa
Barbara,
PERSONAL.
Another beautiful porcelain is a vase
of Imari ware, made in Hizen province
in 1596. The exceptional point about the
vase is the decoration. While the
archaic pattern is principally followed,
two different methods are employed.
The design is alike on each side. At the
base, on a Jet black background. Is
shown a Chinese lion, or karashishi, in
a crouching attitude guarding a double
crest. The whole is framed with a
white . border of blue. Immediately
above, over the glaze, is depicted the
imperial ho-ho bird, or royal pheasant,
surrounded by sprays of the wonderful
kiri tree. Altogether the vase is an in
tensely interesting piece of the old sym
bolic pottery. „
The most highly prized part of the
collection is made up of several gorge
ous screens of very ancient workman
ship. Each has six folding panels,
which bear wonderful paintings from
the hands of old Japanese masters. Al
though these ancient masterpieces show
Some difficulty was encountered in
getting the goods released from bond,
but this was finally accomplished and
the consignment was delivered to the
university several weeks ago. Since
then Curator Peterson, assisted by
Ikeda and Inada, has been busily en
gaged in putting the articles in place
in the museum. The entire collection
has not arrived, but will reach the uni
versity in two weeks, at which time
the Japanese room will be again closed
to permit the Installation of the new
goods.
Nearly every famous artist of Japan,
both modern and ancient, is represent
ed. Some of the most interesting pieces
are figures of Japanese mythological
characters. These are extremely odd
and many of them of great age. One of
the rarest of these is an ancient exam
ple of Kyoto ware. The legendary fox
Is depicted as an old man In long-flow
ing robes and a strange hood. He car
ries a parasol and a cane. It is the
handiwork of Nonomura Ninsei, a cele
brated artist in this ware, which was
produced about 1655 A. D.
The most notable piece of cloissone
in the whole exhibition is a huge In
cense burner, or koro, of the Chlenling
period. It is globular in shape, sup
ported by three short gold legs, with a
fret-worked cover surmounted by con
ventionalized lotus blossoms. The body
of the koro is of a dull light-blue, the
ornaments, consisting of flowers and
scrollwork designs, are worked out in
white, red, green and dark blue enam
els. On the cover appears a crest thrice
repeated. The handles are unique, in
the form of a blocked dragon, with
sides finished in burnished gold. The
whole stands on a base of similar work
manship.
VASE OF IMARI WARE.
museum of a famous, collection of
Eastern treasures.
CURIOS ARE INSTALLED.
A second rara avis of the exhibition
Is a vase of the world-famed "peach
blow" pottery. This is a certain tint
and glaze of delicate pink originated by
a Chinese potter centuries ago and
since lost to the world. Only two ether
specimens of this rare and costly wars
are known to exist in the United States.
One of these was bought for $15,000,
and the other, a very small specimen,
sold in New York recently at the start
ling figure of $13,500. The exact value
of the Stanford piece is not known.
Taking the collection all In all it rap
resents some of the most exquisite art
work that has ever been Imported Into
this country from Japan. It is not only
a valuable addition to the collections
of the Stanford museum, but It Is also
an excellent acquisition to America's
ceramic possessions. Mrs. Stanford con
siders it the most satisfactory purchase
ever made for the museum.
marks of great age, they are remark*
ably well preserved. They were de
signed originally' as decorations for tho
imperial palace of Mono Tama, built at
Fushiml in the sixteenth century. More
than 200 years ago two of these screens
were appraised at a value of- 2000 yen.
equivalent now to $1000, but perhaps
then equal to twice that sum.
A treat which will be relished, es
pecially by women and children, Is in
store for those who will visit the Me
chanics' Pavilion during conclave
week. Watsonville Commandery Nb.
22 will make a specialty of feeding its
visitors with strawberries and cream,
the kind that come from Watsonville
and its immediate vicinity, the best
strawberries and the richest cream
on earth, and. there will be tons of
berries and barrels of cream. Of the
110 members on the roll the com
mandery will have not less than eighty
swords in the parade and all who
come and their wives and daughters
TREAT FOR THE GUESTS.
iginla, Vermont, New Hampshire and
(Connecticut will form the third divi
sion, and Ohio, Kentucky and Maine
the fourth division. Pennsylvania,
with its Grand Commandery and
numerous subordinate oommanderies,
will form the entire fifth division. '
The sixth division will consist of the*
grand and subordinate commanderies
of the following States: Indiana,
Texas, Mississippi. Michigan, Illinois,
Tennessee, Wisconsin, New Jersey,
Georgia, Missouri, Alabama and
Louisiana. The seventh division will
be formed by the following States:
Iowa, Minnesota, Kentucky, Maryland,
Nebraska, Arkansas, West Virginia,
Colorado, North Carolina and South
Carolina, and subordinate comman
deries of the following States, Terri
tories and districts will form the
eighth division: Oregon, Washington,
Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota,
Arizona, Florida, Indian Territory.
District of Columbia, Oklahoma and
New Mexico. The rest of the divisions
will be made up by the California
; commanderles in the following order:
Ninth division — Sacramento, Pa
cific of Sonora, El Dorado of Placer
ville and Stockton. .
Tenth division — Los Angeles, San
Jose, Oakland and Lassen of Susan
ville.
Eleventh division — Ventura, Naval
of Vallejo, Woodland, St. Bernard of
San Bernardino, San Diego, Visalla,
San Luis Obispo, Riverside, Fresno,
St. Omar of Santa Barbara, Pasadena
and Eureka.
Twelfth division — Orovtlle, Nevada,
Marysville, Chico, Red Bluff, Watson
ville, Colusa, Mount Shasta of Yreka,
Santa Ana, Southern California of
Pomona, Santa Rosa, Mount Olivet of
Petaluma, Uklah, Napa, Vacaville,
Bakersfield and Long' Beach.
Should any mounted commanderles
other than those assigned signify their
intention of parading they will be
formed as the thirteenth grand divi
sion.
The parade will start from the cor
ner of Geary and Kearny streets and
march along Kearny to Pine, to Mont
gomery, to Market, to Van Ness ave
nue, to Washington and countermarch
on Van Ness avenue to Market and
continue until the left column has
been uncovered.
JAPANESE ART TREASURES IN THE SUPERB COLLECTION RECENTLY
PURCHASED AT ENORMOUS EXPENSE BT MRS. STANFORD FOR TUB AT
TRACTIVE MUSEUM CONNECTED WITH THE PALO ALTO UNIVERSITY.
PROMINENT KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
WHO WILL. ATTEND THE
CONCLAVE IN SEPTEMBER.
Last week California Commandery
No. 1, Knights Templar, held an im
portant meeting at headquarters at 6
Union Square avenue, with the follow
ing named representatives of State
commanderles: G. A. Swisler, E. C, of
Placervllle No. 4; Jacob H. Neff, P. C,
and Edward Coleman, G. T., of Nevada
City No. 6; Irwin Griffin. P. C., of
Marysvijle N/>. 7; W. G. Alexander, E.
C, and Albert Harris, R., of San Jose
No. 10; J. D. Mack, R., of Chico No.
12; F. E. Mauk, P. C, and W. A. Traf
ton, E. C, of Watsonville No. 22;
Oscar Robinson, P. C, of Colusa No.
24; S. D. Ballou, E. C, of San Luis
Obispo No. 27; H. B. Gllles. P.C., of
Mount Shasta No. 32; C. W. Strohl, P.
C, and D. S. Kaiser of Napa No. 34;
J. H. Mitchell, R., of Santa Ana No.
36, and F. B. McKevitt, E. C., of Vaca
ville No. 38.
Each of these commanderies will
have its headquarters with California
No. 1 th the Mechanics' Pavilion and
will make arrangements to entertain
on the most elaborate scale during
conclave week. It was announced at
the meeting that San Jose No. 10 will
have a carload of fruit daily to dis
tribute. San Luis Obispo No. 27 will
have carloads of oranges to distribute;
Vacaville No. 38 promises a generous
contribution of the choicest fruit of
the valley and the other representa
tives promise that their respective
commanderies will not be behind in
hospitality. (
Aften the meeting the visitors were
entertained at a dinner In the Palace
and. the following day were taken for
a drive through^the park and to the
Cliff, where a banquet was served
Music and speechmaking followed.
After this the mounted drill corps, un
der command of Sir Knight R. p.
Hurlbut, gave an exhibition drill on
the ocean highway. * The guests of
California No. 1 were then driven back
to the hotel, via the Presidio. The re
ception and entertainment of the visit
ors were successfully carried out by the
committee of arrangements, consisting
of Charles M. Plum, Thomas H.
Browne, John P. Fraser, John Ton
ningsen, Otto^Westphal, Ralph Hat
horn, George Liebold and Charles
Stallman. •
IMPORTANT 3IEETING.
will help to eritertain the visiting Sir
Knights and their families. The com
mandery has secured a space in the
Mechanics' Pavilion 80x25 feet, near
the Larkln-street entrance, and will
keep- open house all week to exhibit its
fruit, for which it is famous, and
treat to strawberries and cream.
Though early in the season, there
will be enough apples for the visitors,
for "Watsonville ships as many as 2200
carloads pf apples in one season to
London and other foreign markets, be
sides supplyingjJie home market If
not too early tQgr visitors will be able
to test samples of the finest grapes
that grow in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains close to Watsonville. The oom
mandery will bring its band of twenty
two pieces along and give promenade
concerts every day and evening. The
committee in charge of the conclave
and pilgrimage is composed of the fol
lowing Knights: Eminent Com
mander William A. Trafton, Mayor of
Watsonville; Past Commander E. L.
Clark, Past Commander Frank Mauk,
Thomas Flint, William Vanderhurst,
Charles Staubes, Will Jacks and Wil
liam H. Bias.
Golden Gate Commandery. Eminent
Sir P. D. Code, commander, will act
as special escort to the Grand Encamp
ment and members of the Grand En
campment and visitors from other
grand Jurisdictions, in carriages.
The Grand Commandery of Massa
chusetts and Rhode Island and sub
ordinate commanderles will make up
the second division. New York, Vir-
In the first carriage will be Most
Eminent Sir Henry Bates Stoddard.
trand master of the Grand Encamp
ment of the United States, the Earl of
Euston, grand master of the Great
Priory of England and Wales. In the
next carriage will be Sir George May
hew Moulton, deputy grand master of
the Grand Encampment, and Sir
Charles F. Matier, great vice chancel
lor of the Great Priory. Then will
come the officers of the Grand Encamp
ment in carriages.
The first grand divlEiony'coxnmanded
by Colonel Frank TV. Stunner and Col
onel Jesse B. Fuller, chief of staff, will
be headed by California Commandery,
mounted, Sir Charles M. Plum, com
mander, and act as special escort to
the grand master. Officers and mem
bers of the Grand Encampment and vis
itors from other grand Jurisdictions,
under command of Sir W. B. Melish,
grand* captain general, will be in car
riages. 7. ..,
The parade >ill consist of twelve
S?-and divisions headed by a company
cf mounted police, commanded by Sir
Knight George W. Wittman, Chief of
Police. Eminent Sir Charles I* Field,
grand captain general, will command
the parade and Eminent Sir George D.
Clark will be chief of staff. __-
The line is to be four miles In length,
with not less than 10.000 swords. Dis
tinguished people from all parts of ths
United States and Canada and from
across the Atlantic will be In line. The
highest Masonic bodies of England and
Wales and a delegation representing
King Edward of England and the Duke
of Connaught, in their glittering uni
forms, studded with precious gems and
headed by the Earl of Euston, will be
the special §ruests. riding In' carriages
¦with the grand master of the United
States and the deputy grand master.
California and Golden Gate comman
deries have been assigned to epecial
escort duty for the distinguished
ffuests, the grand master of the United
States and the officers of the great
priory of England and Wales, as well
as the Grand Encampment.
California Commandery of San Fran
cisco, DeWitt Clinton Commandery of
Virginia, Nevada, and Corinthian Chas
seur Commandery of Philadelphia, will
be mounted on black chargers. One
thousand of the best black horses
available in San Francisco and all
cities about the bay have been secured
for the occasion and the cavalcade of
Knights in rich and distinctive uni
forms will furnish a magnificent sight.
TWELVE GRAND DIVISIONS.
A pageant that for brilliancy and
uniformity will surpass anything the
residents of this city have seen. Is
premised by the Knights Templar to
take place Tuesday. September 6. The
Templar parade of 18S3 was pronounced
by those that witnessed It to be all
that could be desired. That scheduled
for the future, the Templars say. will
far surpass the first in point of num
bers as well as in splendor.
treasures ~of state.
Upon the death of the aged collec
tor all his possessions were given, into
the hands of his faithful wife, who de
termined to devote these treasures to a
memorial of her husband. The out~
break of the Japanese-Russian war
gave her a motive and she decided to
sell the family valuables and turn the
proceeds over to the war fund. Very
reluctantly the goods were packed and
the son, Ikeda Jr., was- sent forth with
them to find a purchaser. They were
to be sent to England as a first re
sort. Being goods upon which heavy
duties "were laid," they were put un
der bond pending their safe arrival at
their destination and thus it was that
they came to. the San Francisco Cus
tom-house. |
Ikeda, during his visit to Mrs. Stan
ford, referred to the above, found her
greatly interested in Japanese art, and,
under the warmth of her conversation,
laid before her the whole story of his
journey abroad. Mrs. Stanford looked
over his catalogue, decided at once to
make him an off er, /did so, and was
gratified by an acceptance. Exactly
how much she paid for the entire col
lection is_not known, but it is under
stood the sum was considerably more
than 5100,000. A check for the amount
was sent directly to~ the Mikado. This
is the simple story of how a rich
American, -widow ultimately con
tributed to the Japanese war fund
and probably despoiled a European
RIVAL. IMPERIAL. TREASURES.
Some of these valuable fancies were
family relics that had been handed
down from ancient generations, others
were odd old images from China and
there were pieces of historic paintings
of almost priceless worth. It was said
by those who knew Ikeda's collection
that it rivaled some of the Imperial
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 23.
A large exhibition room in the Stan
ford University Museum will be open
ed for the first time next Monday
morning to display a superb collection
of Japanese art treasures recently pur
chased at enormous expense by Mrs.
Stanford and quietly installed before
any of the -transactions In connection
with the purchase were made public.
The facts were given out to-day and
proved of remarkable interest.
S. Ikeda Jr. and H. Iuada, two
young noblemen of Japan, arrived In
San Francisco about two- months ago
en route from their native land to
England. The popular supposition at
the time was that they were upon
some mission pertaining to the Jap
anese-Russian war, but the purpose of
their journey was not made public.
They visited Stanford University and
called on Mrs. Stanford at her country
residence. She, had met the young
men during a trip to Japan a short
time previously and made them wel
come at her home.-
In 1903 S. Ikeda Sr., the father of
young Ikeda, died at Kyoto, Japan,
leaving a large estate. The older Ikeda
had "occupied a position for" many
years as one of the foremost art con
noisseurs of Japan. At Kyoto he
owned extensive potteries and In some
of the larger citifes such as Tokio he
maintained noted art and curio stores.
He was famed as a collector through
out the Orient and made annual tours
into China and Asia to add new'ma
terial to his rich treasures. The
choicest bits of pottery and other ma
terials that Ikeda secured on these
visits he invariably retained for his
own personal collection, which he
kept in his magnificent Japanese resi
dence at Kyoto. There he had amassed
a rare gxpup of beautiful closonne,
satsuma and agano wares, handsome
lacquers, rich bronzes, carved ivories
and many other articles of curious and
beautiful Interest. His home was a
veritable treasure-house of the richest
products of Oriental handicraft.
Jacob Eppinger is still in the custody
ef the Sheriff and still enjoying the un
usual privilege of being held prisoner
In the chambers of a Judge of the Su
perior Court instead of In the County
Jail, as is the fate Qf others In his
predicament.
-From the time he was remand
ed to the custody of the Sheriff he has
occupied the chambers of Judge Car
roll Cook, now absent on his vacation.
He has also been permitted to choose
his own dining-room, and accompanied
by a Sheriff's deputy has taken his
meals outside the walls of the Hall of
Justice.
The corridors of the hall were
thronged all day yesterday and until
late last night .with friends of the de
fendant, his attorneys and others in
terested in the case. Speculation was
rife but facts there were none. The
jurors were closely guarded during
their deliberations, one deputy taking
a seat at the doorway leading from
the jury-room to the courtroom and
another being stationed at the door
openiife into the corridor. The corri
dor was kept clear of all but officers of
the court and attaches of the Sheriff's
office.
Early in the afternoon It was rumor
ed that the Jury stood eight for con
viction and four for acquittal and later
it was said that but one man was hold
ing out for acquittal, the other eleven
being satisfied as to the guilt of the
defendant.
In his improvised prison Jacob Ep
pinger, surrounded by r family and
friends,' Is anxiously awaiting the ver
dict. He slept but little Friday night
and during the day would alternately
sit in gloomy silence and pace nervous
ly up and down the room. The en
forced confinement even In the lux
uriously furniphed chambers of Judge
Cook was Irksome and the suspense al
most unendurable' At about 10 o'clock
he had one of his spasms which from
time to time havs delayed the trial,
but it was of short duration and no
physician was called in to minister to
him.
The Jurors will resume their delib
erations this morning.
After* deliberations lasting many
hours the jury in the case of Jacob
Eppinger failed to agree on a verdict
last evening, and was again locked up
for the night at the Palace Hotel. The
case was submitted- to^ the Jury at 5
o'clock Friday afternoon and ample
time has elapsed to admit of a fore
man being chosen and scores of ballots
taken, but not a word has been heard
from the talesmen. . ' , ¦
Reported About the Hall
of Justice That Majority
Is. Toting to Convict
EIDIOKS FILL THE AIR
Defendant Occupies the Lux
uriously Furnished Booms
of Judge Carroll Cook
Distinguished Guests From Foreign Lands Will Join in
Swelling the Numbers in the Parade.
Patroness of Weil-Known Educational Institution Pays
Small Fortune for Superb Collection.
EPPINGER JURY
IS STILL OUT
SECURES JAPANESE ART TREASURES
FOR STANFORD UNIVERSITY MUSEUM
FEUDAL TIME SPLENDOR IS TO MARK
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE PAGEANT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY |24, 1904.
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48FOUR AMERICAN ATHLETES WHO
HELPED TO DEFEAT THE ENG
LISH CRACKS.
Continued on rage 37, Column 3.
BROWNS LAND ON ST. VRAIN.
Portland Outslugs the Tigers and Wins
Easily.
PORTLAND, July 23.— Nearly every
body took a crack at the ball out at the
Twenty-fourth Street grounds this aft
ernoon. Of the fifteen runs i made by
both teams eleven were earned. So
fiercely did the Browns clout St. Vraln's
delivery in the very first inning that
the little man was sent out into right
field to rest up and catch his breath.
Lynch was called to the slab from cen
ter field and did fairly well, but the
Tigers found the lead too great to over
come. '.
They took active interest, however,
in the seventh and eighth innings.
I Three runs then resulted from five hits,
but not enough to win. This is how it
happened to Jimmy St. Vrain in the
beginning: Nadeau and McCreedie sin
gled, Dren nan blanked, but Beck"s hit
filled the bases. Raymond popped a fly
that sent him to the benches. With
two men out Druhot lined the ball
down to third, the sphere hit the cush
ion and flew over Sheehan's head. Two
men came in. Castro and Steelman
were there with the goods and three
more runs were scored. Jberg waved
his club at three wide ones, so the scor
ing ceased for a period. The Bcore:
Tacoma — I Poitland —
AB. R. H. P. A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle,2b. 5 3 4 0 2 N'a.iau.lf 2 3 2 0 0
5hchn.3b 5 0 11 ljMcCde.3b 4 2 2 12
Keefe.cT. 2 0 0 0 0 Drnan.cf 5 0 15 0
N'rdyk.lb 1111 OBeck.lb.. 5 1 3 11 0
Eajjan.s. 5 0 2 2 4,Raymd.« 4 1113
Lnch.cf-p S 0 12 3;Druhot.rf 4 114 0
McLgn,lf S 1 1 3 2 Castro,2b 4 13 3 3
Hgn,rf-lb4 0 0 11 1 3telmn,c 4- 0 12 2
3raham,c 4 0 2 4 0 Cbergj).. 4 0 0 0 1
3tVr,p-rf 41800
•Overall. 10 0 0 0 Totals. 30 8 14 27 11
Totals. 41 0 15 24 11
•Overall batted for Keefe In the ninth. '
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ........ 5 So?l 1 0 2 0 0 t 0
Base hits.. t; 1 2 1 0 .1 1 o x— 14
Tacoma 2,0 1 0 0 0 2 1 0 6
Base hits 3 1 3 2 0.1 2 3 1 15
*--v " - SUMMARY.
Errors— Doyle (2). Lynch. Beck. Earned
runs — Portland C, Tacoma 6. Stolen bases-
Raymond, Castro. Nordyke, Kagan. Doyle.
Sheehan. Struck out — By Iberjr 2, by St. Vraln
1, by Lynch 3. Sacrifice hits— McCreedie
Keefe. .Two-base hits— Doyle, Castro (2), Na
deau. Double play? — Raymond to Castro to
Beck, Eagan to Hogan. J>ft on baeea — Port
land 7. Tacoma 8. Hits — Off St. Vraln «. oft
Lynch S. Time of game — One hour and flfty
five minutes. Umpires — O'Connell and Mc-
Donald.
LOS ANGELES. July 23. — Baum
won his own game to-day, pitching irl
great form and bringing in the winning
run With a beautiful bunt that scored
Ross -from third base. Therb were
few base hits on either 'side. Brash
car's stop of a drive was the feature
of the same. Score:
Los Angvlf-s — j San Francisco —
AiJ. R. H. I\A.| ARR.H.T.A.
Toman.es 4 10 0 4|Waldn,cf 4 O 2 2 0
\Vhelr.2b 4 0 1 o 4 Hi!deb,Mb-4 1 2 0 'X
t=mith.:;b 4 0 14 SjMcauy.rf 4 0 0 0 0
Brrnrd.cf 4 10 1 IJTwr.sd.lb 4 0 0 15 0
Cra»th.rf 2 0 0 1 O'Miller.Sb 4 0 0 2 .'{
ISrasl'.r.lb 2 0 1 12 liAndsn.ps 4 0 0 11
RosfU'.. .'{ 1 1 3 Ol^f-aliy.c. 4 0 12 1
Eager.c. .". 0 0 5 l;Gorton.lf 2 0 0 10
Daum.p. 2 0 11 0 ! Jones,p.. 3 1113
Totals 23* 3 5 27 141 Totals 33 2 C 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lor Angeles 10010010 x 3
Uase hits 10111010 x— 5
San Francisco 10001000 0—2
Uase hits O 1 1 0 2 0 0 2 0 0
SUMMARY.
Stolen bares — "Waldron, Gorton. Errors
Bmshtsr; Hiidebrand. Hoes, Totvnsend, Miller
Two-base Mts— Smith, Baum. Sacrifloe hit—
Kntshear. First base on errors — Los Angeles 2,
Furi Francisco 2. Left on ba»cs — Los Anffeles 4
Son Francisco 5. Bases on balls — Oft Jones L
oft Baum 1. Struck out — Hy Jones 2, by Baum
3. Iwubl"" play — Townsend (unassisted). Hit
by pitch»-d ball — Baum. Time of gam: — One
hour and thlrty-flve minutes. Umpire — Tom
Brown.
Lays Down Xlce Bunt and Brings in
Dccidlns Run.
BAUM WIN'S HIS OWN GAME.
Trots Fast Half Mile.
DENVER, July 23. — In an official
speed trial to-day Jim Ferry, a Den
ver horse, broke the world's trotting
record for a half mile to a road wag
on over a half-mile track by making
the distance in 1:02%.
Egan Wins at Golf.
CHICAGO. July 28. — H. Chandler
Egan won the Ravine Oaks cup with
10 up and 9 to play against Robert
E. Hunter of Ontwentsia Club to-day.
The contest ended at the twenty-sec
ond hoi?.
The best way to silence conscience
is to obey it.
Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 23. — Summary:
First race, six furlongs— Lady Ric» won.
Trapahocter second, Uppercut third. Tlm«.
1:15^.
Second rare, fiv* a.nd a half furlongs—Rose
bud won. Black Cloud second, Judgs N'aptoa
third. Time. l:C0.
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Sea
Air won. David Boland second, Mabei Batss
third. Time. :55>-i.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Intemrban handi
cap — Shellmount won. Ocyroh* second. Kitty
Kelly third. Time. 1:14.
Fifth race, one mil* and fifty yard*-. Red
Tip won. Vlatonius second. The Stewardess
third. Time, 1:44.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Sally
Ooodwin won. Algareua second. Skirmish third.
Time. 1:20**.
Seventh race, one mile — Hindoo Prlnccsa won
The Fretter second. Canejo third. Time. X:40V
The spectators then turned their at
tention to the high jump. England was
represented by E. E". Leader and Door
ly, both of Cambridge, and America by
G. F. Victor of Yale,. Victor won. Lead
er was second and Doorly third. Vic
tor's best jump was six feet one-eighth
inch. After being declared the winner
Victor continued jumping, but failed
to better his record. The high jumpers
began with the bar at 5 feet 2 inches.
The two Englishmen went out when the
bar was at 5 feet 10 \' a Inches.
The half-mile run followed, H. Corn
wallls representing Oxford; Holding,
Oxford; E. P. Parson. Yale, and H. E.
Young. Harvard. Parsons got off ahead,
but Holding forged past him and pass
ing Cornwallls won in an exciting fin
ish.. Young was third and Parsons last.
Time, 1 minute 6 1-5 seconds. From
the start of the half-mile run the race
was not in doubt so far as England was
concerned, .the only question' being
whether H. E. Holding or Cornwallis
would be the victor.
Barclay and Wilson, both of Cam
bridge; R. Long of Yale and E. J.
Dives of Harvard were the competitors
in the next event, which was the quar
ter-mile run. Barclay led for two-thirds
the distance, when Dives, who had been
keeping just behind, forged ahead and
won by two feet. Long was third.
Throwing the hammer was the sixth
event on the programme. M. Spicer of
Cambridge. Tomlinson of Oxford, Shev
lin and E. T. Glass of Yale were the
contestants. Shevlin won the first
round, making 152 feet 8 inches in his
first throw. 145 feet 11*£ inches in his
second and 150 feet 11% inches In his
third.
Spicer was second in the first round,
VICTOR WINS HIGH JUMP.
previous record for the same distance.
At 3:37 o'clock the one-mile race be
gan, with Welch and H. W. Gregson.
both Englishmen. In the lead. Gregson
increased his lead at the half-mile and
•won. C. C. H.' Hamilton of Oxford was
second, Welch third. F. L. Olcott and
Hill, tooth of Tale, came in last. Time.
"4 minutes 2 1-5 seconds.
The hurdle race, though short, was
exciting throughout. Clapp and Bird
both went over the first hurdle in the
lead. Then Bird took the lead, but
Clapp -overtook him at the last hurdle
and won by six inches. Bird was ahead
of Teall, who was third by four yards.
The long jump was the eighth event.
A. I^each representing Oxford; Smith,
Oxford: L. P. Sheffield, Yale, and D.
Myers, Harvard. There were five
rounds. Myers led Vfff well with 21
feet 8 inches in the third round, mak
ing his best record up to that point.
Sheffield kept close to him, beating his
last jump. Sheffield made 21 feet 10-%
inches in the last round, thus gaining
the victory. Myers was second, with 21
feet fl'.i Inches, and Smith third, with
21 feet C% inches.
There were five contestants in the
two-mile race— A.- R. Churchill, Cam
bridge; • II. W. Gregson, Cambridge;
Godby, Oxford; Colwell. Harvard, and
Aking, ..Harvard. Gregson took the
lead, but lust his position at the second
lap and dropped out after the third
lap.
The hammer throwing was tedious
and the crowd looked forward with
preater interest to the hurdle race,
which came next. F. H. Teall repre
sented Cambridge; A. M. P. Lile, Ox
ford; E. J. Clapp, Yale, and Bird, Har
vard.
HURDLE RACE EXCITING.
but Glass beat him in the two subse
quent rounds. Tomlinson never had a
chance. The best throw Glass made
was 125 feet 11% Inches. Splcer's best
throw was 111 feet 7 Inches, which he
made In the second round.
In the second round, when the fourth
round of the hammerthrow was con
tested, Shevlin got 148 feet 10% Inches,
and Glass, excelling his previous best
record, made 132 feet 3\-> Inches. The
crowd applauded Shevlin as he walked
off the'' Held.
There was much applause when the
result was given. Slowly the British
flag was hauled down from the pole,
leaving the American flag flying.
Barclay got away first, but Schick
caught him after thirty yards, passed
him and held the lead to the end.
Schick's time, 9 4-5 seconds, equaled his
Before 3 o'clock the stands began to
fill and by 3:15 o'clock, when a pistol
shot warned the participants in the
first event to get ready, the stands had
been crowded for a long time and
masses of spectators had gathered be
hind the rope.
At 3:27 p. m. the men appeared for
the 100-yard dash, W. R. Barclay in the
light blue of Cambridge, Chaplain in
the dark blue of Oxford, W. A. Schick
Jr., in the crimson of Harvard and D.
J. Torrey in the dark blue of Yale.
The runners made the mark amidst
the breathless attention of the specta
tors, who had greeted theffffwith ap
plause when they first appeared. The
men started at 3:32 p. m. Schick won
the dash, with Barclay second. Time,
9 4-5 seconds.
LONDON, July 23.— Yale and Har
vard were the victors in the interna
tional games held to-day at the
Queen's Club, West Kensington, They
defeated Oxford and Cambridge In six
out of nine events before an immense
crowd, which never lost interest, even
in such a tedious contest as hammer
throwing. A mast was placed on one
side of the field, from which flew an
American or British flag, as the victory
went from one side to the other. It
finally floated the stars and stripes as
an official notification of the success of
the blue and crimson.
The weather suited the Americans
splendidly, being intensely warm and
the clouds covering the heavens occa
sionally letting fall a light sprinkle of
rain. C. N. Jackson, steward for Ox
ford and Cambridge, sincerely congrat
ulated the Americans. He said:
"While I anticipated the Americans
would win. 1 did not believe It would
be six to three. Our men in the high
jump and quarter were not up to prac
tice form. I do not believe we shall go
over next year, though the matter will
be considered."
The keen interest of 4he English peo
ple in the international sports between
Harvard- Yale and Oxford-Cambridge
was shown by the early hour at which
the throngs of .spectators began to ar
rive at the club grounds, West Ken
sington.
IMMENSE CROWD TRESEXT.
Schick Takes the One
Hundred Yard Run
Easily.
Then the runs ceased till the fatal
ninth was at hand. Oakland had a
chance in the sixth, when Dunleavy
was on third and Schlafley on second
and one gone. Devereaux was up and
the hit and run signal was tipped. But
"Brick" did not hit and consequently
Dunleavy was run down between third
base and the home plate.
Not another chance did Oakland
have. Shields grew steadier as the
game wore on and allowed but few
hits. Schmidt pitched one of the best
games in a long time, but still lie did
not have quite enough luck with him.
Van Haltren executed one of the great
est catches ever seen on the grounds In
the first inning, when he ran away '
back to the fence and caught Dun
leavy's ... drive with one mitt. The
score:
Oakland — 1 Seattle —
AB. R. II. P. A | AB. R. II. P. A.
Ganly.rf 4 0 0 3 0 Vnllln.cf 4 12 3 0
Krser.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Mohlr.'-Jb 4 12 0 4
Dnlevy.lf 2 0 0 0 0,\Vllms.:tt> 3 0 O <> 3
•5ehfly,2b 3 1 1 2 « FrUk.lf. 3 1110
Dvrux.Sb 3 0 0 0 1 Wilsn.lb 4 0 O 12 3
Strieb.lb 4 11 13 O Smith rf 4 O 2 4 O
McKn.FS 3 0 2 2 4 Hall. sis.. 3 O 0 2 •"<
Byrnes, c 4 0 12 3Liewla.c. 3 0 0 2 2
Schmdt.p 3 0 0 1 2 Shields.p :i 0 0 3 :;
•Mskmn. 10 0 0 0|
Total. 31 3 7 27 IS
Total. 31 2 5 27 lC! •
•liatttd lor Schmidt in the ninth Innin*.
RUXS AND HITS BT IN'NINGS.
Seattle O 0 1 0 O 0 0 0 2— 3
Base H1U.......1 0 2 1 0 O 0 O 3—7
Oakland 0 2 O O O 0 0 0 0 — 2
Base Hits 0 10 10 0 11 1 — 6
SUMMARY.
Stolen bas><-s — Dunleavy, Smith, Schlafly.
Errors — McKure, Mohler, William*. Three
j base hit — Streib. Two-base hit* — Van Haltren.
Frisk. Smith. Sacrifice hits — Devereaux, Wil
liams. Vim base on error* — Oakland 2. First
base on called balls — Off Schmidt 2; off Shields
4. Left on bas*s — Oakland 6: Seattle 4.
Struck out— By Schmidt 3. Double play-
Schmidt to McKune to Streib. Time of game —
One hour forty minutes. Utnplhe — McCarthy.
It was a ninth inning getaway that
snatched victory from Oakland yes
terday afternoon. The Commuters had
the Slwashes going and were leading,
2 to 1, when the fatal last round be
gan. The northern hosts were there
with the clubs. .Thrice they.binged
the ball and all was over. Score —
Oakland, 2; Seattle, 3.
The rally was a nice one — as nice
a bit of walloping as has been seen
In moons. Mohler led off with a drive
over the third cushion and Williams
sacrificed. Frisk, who could not get a
hit all day, bumped the sphere right
over second and it went to the fence
for a two-bagger, bringing Mohler in
and making it a deadlock — 2 to 2.
Smith finished up . a good day's
work by driving out another double
over Dunleavy's head and breaking it
up for fair.
The game was a good, fast one and
full of real baseball. Both Shields and
Schmidt were in winging form and
tossed nice shoots. Both had good
support and the sharp fielding kept
many runs away from the pan. The
errors were few and these did not
count when they did happen.
The Commuters did all their run
getting in the second spasm, when
Schlafley was passed and Devereaux
sacrificed. Streib swung through with
a triple out to the flagpole and brought
Schlafley to the rubber. McKune had
a long fly to Van Haltren and Streib
Just beat the relay throw in.
The game then went along till the
next round, when Seattle broke into
the run column. Van Haltren started
the doings tvith a double to the right
field fence and came all the way home
when Mohler sneaked a mean one
through Devereaux.
(Pacific Coast Lrtagu*.)
W.L. Pct.| W.L. Pet.
racoir.a 06 45 .693 Oakland 54 50.491
Seattle 01 46 .070 -an Fran.. ..46 63 .423
Loe Anre!e*..GS Cl J5S2] Portland ....41 64 .390
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Regarding the assertion of the Mayor
that no prizefight was ever given
without the Mayor's approval of the
resolution granting the permit. Fay
says that a number of such resolutions
were not signed by ex-Mayor Phelan
durinjt his incumbency, owing to press
of r.ther business, but the exhibitions
were giv^n, nevertheless. V'hat Mayor
Schmitz may do, should the Board of
Supervisors press the point on the mat
ter, remains to be seen. Should the
Yosemite Club give its show without
his signature he might order the Chief
of Police to stop it, and this wouM
probably put a stop to the boxing gam.j
In this city.
Several of the members of the Board
of Supervisors are of the opinion that
since Mayor Schmltz has failed to ap
prove or disapprove tha resolution
granting the Yosemlte Club the August
permit for a professional boxing ex
hibit the resolution becomes a law
without his signature, according to the
express terms of the charter, and that
Mayor Schmltz's authority ceases in
the premises. The ten days allowed
the Mayor to take action expired last
night at midnight, but the resolution
had not been returned to the Board of
Supervisors by his Honor.
The provision to which reference is
made is contained In section 15 of the
charter, relating to the powers of tha
Board of Supervisors, and is as follows:
"Section 16. Every bill and every
resolution as hereinbefore provided,
which shall have passed the board and
shall have been duly authenticated,
shall be presented to the Mayor for his
approval. The Mayor shall return such
bill or resolution to the board within
ten days after receiving It. If he ap
prove it he shall sign it and It shall
then become an ordinance. If he dis
approve it he shall specify his objec
tions thereto In writng. If he does not
return It with such disapproval within
the time above specified it shall take
effect as If he had approved it."
Charles W. Fay, clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, stated last night that
the fact that the Mayor had taken no
action one way or the other would re
sult In the ordering of the printing of
the resolution In the official paper at
next Monday's meeting of the board,
with the addendum that the resolution
has become a law without the Mayor's
signature, according to the charter pro
vision.
Rcrund two — Both feinted and Fltz
simmons missed two lefts, but landed
a third on O'Brien's jaw and as the
latter rushed fn Fltzsimmons drove his
right to the stomach. O'Brien landed
a hard right and left to Fitzsimmons'
jaw, bringing the blood again. Fitz
simmons was unable to land with suc
cess on O'Brien up to this time. O'Brien
cut Fitzsimmons' left eye with a short
right -and a moment later caught him
full in the mouth. O'Brien's footwork
was marvelous and Fltzsimmons was
badly winded. Bob landed a hard right
to the stomach as the bell sounded,
which was the most damaging blow
that O'Brien • had yet received.
Round three — The men danced about
the ring. Fitzsimmons landed a light
left on O'Brien's stomach and the lat
ter drove a straight left to Fltzsim
mons' mouth, again starting the blood.
Fitzsimmons landed a hard left on
There were four preliminaries which
served to keep the spectators in good
humor. Five o'clock was the hour set
for the men to enter -the ring, but it
was 5:06 before Fltzsimmons, accom
panied by Billy Lester. Benny Murphy,
Joe Edmonston and Charley Savld^e,
his seconds, made his appearance.
Seven minutes later O'Brien came on.
He was looked after by Lew Bailey,
Joe Hagan, Billy McCarney and Billy
Reynolds. A long wrangle ensued over
the kind of bandages worn by Fltr
simmons. Underneath the strips of
muslin were, O'Brien claimed, plaster
bandages. O'Brien said the bandages
must come off or there would be no
fight. Fitzsimmons replied: "Then
there will be no fight."
After keeping the spectators waiting
for ten minutes. Fltzsimmons removed
the plaster. Each man selected his
own' gloves and at 5:23 they were
called to the center of the ring by the
referee and given their instructions. At
5:20 the gong sounded and the battle
was on.
O'Brien began with dazzling foot
work, darting in and out with wonder
ful cleverness, landing lefts and an oc
casional right, while Fltzsimmons was
content to block, evidently endeavoring
to land on O'Brien's wind. This op
portunity came near the close of the
second round, when he drove his right
to O'Brien's body with terrific force.
The first three rounds were in O'Brien's
favor, but after that he grew a trifle
slow from the awful pace that he had
set and Fitzsimmons was able to get
in some hard blows on the body. Both
men were covered with blood when
they went to their corners at the close
of the fifth. O'Brien bleeding from a
gash over the left eye and Fitzsimmons
from the mouth and nose. Both men
were in distress when the sixth round
closed, but Fltzsimmons was apparent
ly in better condition.
Round one — Fitzsimmons led with
his left, but missed and as O'Brien,
ducked he landed a right on the back
of the neck. O'Brien landed a light
left on Fitzsimmons' face- and the men
clinched. Fitzsimmons landed a light
right on O'Brien's wind and the lat
ter drew blood from Fltzsimmons*
mouth. Jack again landed a left to
Fitzsimmc-ns* nose and got away with
out a return. O'Brien then knocked
the skin off Fltzsimmons' nose with a
light uppercut and drew the blood in
a stream from his mouth. Fltzsimmons
missed a ferocious right and Jack in
attempting to get awa: fell to the
floor. O'Brien had all the best of the
round.
Later the fight promoters went Into
the Common Pleas Court and satisfied
the Judges that it was to be a boxing
match and within the scope of the law.
Under this agreement, a permit was
granted for the bout. There were many
rumors that the men had an under
standing not to exert themselves, but
such rumors were dissipated before the
close of the first round.
There was a liberal sprinkling of
women in the grandstand, and sitting
close to the ringside was Mrs. Fltz
simmons, who, for the first time, was
to witness her husband fight. She
never took her eyes oft Fitz during the
six rounds and when he sat down at
the close of the fight.^his wife rushed
over to his corner, climbed the steps
leading to the ring and planted a kiss
on the badly swollen lips of her hus
band.
MANY WOMEN PRESENT.
PHILADELPHIA. July 23.— Jack
O'Brien and Bob Fltzsimmons to-day
fought the fastest six round bout ever
witnessed in" this city between men of
their weight. When the gong an
nounced the close of the fight both men
were on their feet, but both bore the
marks of the gruelling which they had
just gone through. Fitzsimmons' lips
were twice their normal size and his
left eye was almost closed, while
O'Brien's left eye was also cut and
swollen.
While O'Brien landed the greater
number of blows, they did not da near
ly so much damage as those landed by
Filzsimmons and the latter was the
fresher of the two at the close of the
fight. There was not a clean knock
down during the bout, but three times
O'Brien went to the floor, twice In en
deavoring to- zet away from Fitzsim
mons and "the third time partly from
Fltzsimmons' right, which landed on
Jack's neck, and partly through the
latter's feet getting tangled.
The fight was held on the National
League baseball grounds, the ring be
ing pitched Immediately over the home
plate. It was the first openair boxing
exhibition ever given in this city and
the novelty of the affair drew a crowd
of abc-ut 6000 persons. Mayor Weaver
had prevented the first meeting of the
men.
Hereafter Eddie Hanlon xnav be
classed aa a hero and life caver, for he
made his way Into that class yester
day, when he dived under a yacht
that was anchored In the bay back of
his sjyxnnaslmn and rescued Fred Lan
ders, cno ef his sparring mates, from a
watery receiving vault. Landers, who
has been looked upon as a crack swim
mer at Croirs Gardens, attempted to
<Io the TToTinir* feat of diving: under the
boat at one side and coming up on
the opposite. In some unaccountable
way he stuck to the keel of the yacht
and when h© did not show up where he
was expected to appear, Toby Irwln
yelled to Hanlon, who was swimming
nearby. Without any Bldestepplng Ed
die reached the craft and dove and
¦who he came up he had the exhausted
Landers by the right leg and towed
him to the beach. Fred was about all
In. He was rolled on the Bands by Ir
wln and Hanlon and soon revived.
Landers said It was the first time that
he had been knocked out by water.
Eddie's work yesterday consisted of a
trip on the road In the morning in com
pany with Ted "Wolfe and Irwln. In
the afternoon the little fighter went
through his usual gymnasium stunts
and boxed four rounds with Irwln and
Landers.
Battling Nelson is a glutton for work
and wanted to go through his usual
gym stunts yesterday, but Trainer
Murphy thought It best to take things
easy, as the weather was warm.
Commencing Monday evening Nelson
will do his boxing In the evening by
electric light.
Says He Will Hereafter Do
All His Boxing Under the
Glare of Electric Lights
Bill Takes Effect Notwith
standing Lack of Signa
ture of City's Executive
Commuters Take the Lead in
Second Round and Hold It
Until the End Is Near
Philadelphia Man Lands a
Lot of Punching, but Bob's
Blows Are More Effective
HITS COME IN A BUNCH
BACKED UP BY CHARTER
FLOORS OPPONENT ONCE
NELSON IS RESTING UP
Supervisors Declare Reso
lution Is a Law, Though
Not Signed by the Mayor
Comishman Is Hit Often by
Younger Boxer, but Comes
Out of the Mix-TJp Strong
Bescues Fred Sanders From
Watery Graye While Swim
ming in Bay at Alameda
With Score 2 to 1 Against
Them Northerners Ham
mer in Winning: Tallies
HANLON PROVES
A LIFE SAVER
YOSEMITE CLUB
PERMIT VALID
SIW ASHES MAKE
A FAST FINISH
FITZ OUTGAMES
CLEVER O'BRIEN
YALE-HARVARD ATHLETES TRIUMPH OVER THE BEST MEN IN ENGLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO-, GALL, -SUNDAY, JULY. 24, 190a
STURDY AMERICAN COLLEGIANS LAND
SIX OUT OF NINE SCHEDULED EVENTS
Crowd Cheers Shev
lin, Winner of Ham
i mer Throw.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPURE AIR n^rlV 3 n °- t COn ? Ded cxclu sively to the swamps
t£?4£ ki" 1 ?- 0 " mUS i ? I" ° £ damp ce!lare are laden "i& the «i£sof
every part of the body. Then DnriT,«rionr^ mory ' Mi "-' Jaauaf y 23,1903.
cause. No energy or appe- „ <w 7®, ck • * to ° k a number of medicines recom-
tite, dull headaches sleeov mende( * a s blood purifiers, chill cure* and Mala-
t>r,A f; nea aacnes, Sleepy naeradloatoxa, but nothing did me any »oodun-
and tired and completely till began to uieS.S.S., which I did about a year
iagged-out from the slightest *s°- T h® result was that after taking threa bot-
exertion, are some of the de- of the large 8iMl wa9 a3 wel1 and « tr ° n s' a » x
n!nriW.»ff * m- t u evor was and hav8 aever had a chill since. I ex-
plorable effects of this enfeeb- pect to take S. 8. S. every year as a preventive,
ling malady. As the disease » nd would advise everybody else to follow my ex-
progresses and the blood be- a »P l «« . s. B. COWLEY.
comes more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or yellow spots
appear upon the skin. • When the poison is left to ferment and the microbes
and germs to multiply in the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other se-
S^»^ rious complications often arise. As Malaria begins
r^S r<^^ and develops in the blood, the treatment to be effect-
VJ^V ive must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys the germs
fc-^ and poisons and purifies the polluted blood. S. S. S.
¦ . is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy. Write us
if you want medical advice or any special information. This will cost you
nothing. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATUUITA,GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%'¦''¦¦ 3 T n thefame
Eh^JLJ A of life
6&^^lV^£ /L whose- de-
?/«;> /Fg-tttfz&r **V r e m e .
*«s3iifV" I 3N /occasion for
¥* .. g // r\-'»<7 *wp«afrthere
{£** ' -/' /;' : ¦¦£?:!•" ;is? no \pther
court of jttrisdicrian
you ar^otit. * * Out 6f><£!Ui-rlhe jn^ti^c
of th£ aqcisibn is alwajs apparti^f. >o
one «alL%it better tbfn the pl4s* r - »
In the everydajf inningj of the strcjw(jftis
lifes no man can hope to y.in u^J«54.h^b
fit physically andjaentall^ for the j££a*—
po5$esscs nerve-tarce snflSticnt to sub&in.
J every inajti would rely upon the strp-'
and* rejVf an O»P-C suspensory
ai7$rds, tt» jrtrcentage W would
Ht furnish£si4id to thlt portion^oY'the
bMy whicj* i/most in ne«d of it, and does
a\vj^V wijji ofte strain Trfjich causes both
phracflS^and/xnental fatifue.'
Tf^/r* t • r ¦¦<
OKfyc suspensories arp sold by nearly*
all STBggists. "^^Sgaibt your druggist
has3h>ni. We.'S&MtreSyoiiit will be to
youifiaterest to u$s3st.!t$x>n the O-P-C. If
vojtf $? a ler will rUrt^strpply you, send to us.
X^jp-P-C, lii&ivfroo; No. 3 aP-C,
<in$gh.5o. Ill
••The Mark of the Master.'^an'inr
teresting booklet&v|£ving reasons why
every man shomch wear an O»PtC
suspensory, sent Tree opon request.^
__ Bat«&& Black V
383 Twcntyfifth & Chlcajo. U.S. A
MARKET Sllsi^SS^
ADYERTTSE3IENTS.
DR. O. C. JOEL.EN.
The Leading Specialist.
My practice has become
larger by far than any other
specialist in California, and
this is solely because of the
positive cures I have made.
The vast multitudes of men
¦who have taken my treatment
have not be?n disappointed.
They know that I do not prom-
ise more than 1 perform. My
success is due not alone to ed-
j ucatSon. experience, skill and
scientific equipments, but to
the fact that I limit my study
and practice strictly to dis-
eases and weaknesses peculiar
t-) men. I treat nothing else.
j To male maladies alone I have
earnestly and exclusively de-
voted seventeen of the best
yrars of my life, and on them
all my faculties are concen-
trated.
; And X will cure yon no mat-
ter who has told yon that yon
cannot be helped. If hnman
power caa do it.
1 "WeaKncss" }
\ Coir.plete enactions] activity
- { quickly restored by my syst»m of
I | local treatment. St tor.lcs. stirmi- J
I JuU or electric belts.
Varicocdc
t Cere effected In one week by
I ps.ir.lees method. No cutting or
rauKtlc. Perfect result* in every
instance.
« Contracted Disorders
Both th» remedies I use and my
methods of application are different
* i from the ordinary. Thorough cure*
*, < In half the usual time. |
X also treat and cure Specific
Blood Poison. Spermatorrhoea,
Sydrocele. Stricture, Files and
all 2tellex Ailments.
!X Blake Wo Experiments; |
X Have Ho Failures. | J
2Sy Cores Are Permanent, y
SSjr Fees Are Fair and |
Yon Can Pay When Cured. |
"life All Your Years a Man"
1 Tbts Is the title of my pamphlet.
which I* matied free, sealed and
t' under plain cover to all 'who write.
: , It tells of n-.y methods of treating
disorder*. Consultation free at
¦, | of3ce or by mail, go is colored
chart of the onraas.
DR. 0. CJOSLEN
Corner Market and Kearnr Sta.
Private entrance 702 Market BU
; Hour* — Week days. 9 a. m. to
I S.SO p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1.FITZ OUTGAMES O'BRIEN.
Pittsburg has already expended $25,
000,000 in the skyscraper boom.
COLORADO SPRINGS. July 28.
In an interview to-day Edward But
ler of St Louis said £oncernl&g tha
Grand Jury indictment against him
for the bribery of a. witness:
"It is all a conspiracy for political
purposes on the Dart_of Folk against
me and a certain prominent banker
and broker of St. Louis. Immunity
was promised to all who would give
information that would lead to my
being Indicted.
"lam charged with briblnir a wit
ness and it is not true. I knew all
about the Indictment before I left St.
Louis and made arrangements in ad
vance for the furnishing of a bond.**
Butler declares that he Is through
with politics. He will remain in Manl
tou about four weeks.
Former St. Louis Boss Says Folk Is
Actuated by Political
Motives. ,
BUTLER SAYS HE IS
BEING PERSECUTED
Class stake^ — Pomona beat Butte City, 23-2;
Rcmlsso Anlmo beat Fiddler, 15-12; Golden
Feather beat Bright Fortune, 10-6; Tamora
beat Miss Florence. 11-7: John C He«nan beat
Queen's Motto, 7-5; Donny brook beat . Dear
Gaston, 6-1; Van Alba beat Don Pedro. 4-0;
Tralee Lass beat Mark Twain, 10-1; Golden
Garter beat Young Klamath. 16-12; Tobasco
Bob beat Queen of the Isle, 4-2; May Tunnt
son beat Golden Fortune. 8-1; Orslna beat
Liberator. I0-S; Pure Pearl beat Smiler, 11-7;
Fenll beat Maglo Stuff, 8-1; L, L, C beat
Wedgewood. 6-2; Pasha Pleasant beat Full
Moon. 17-0; Annie Ryan beat Merry Go Round,
7-5; Toung Johnny Rex beat Gllmore 14-7;
General Fremont beat Margaret. 5-1; Modest
Beauty beat Carlow Boy, 6-5; Old Ironsides
beat Glaucus, 17-11; Ruby Sankey beat Reck
lEKa Acrobat. 12-6; Daisy D beat Regal Attire,
18-8; Lost Chord beat Ready Address, 7-6.
Th,e coursing at Inglesido yesterday
was fast- and the hounds showed to
advantage. Many short enders land
ed, bringing Joy to the hearts of their
backers. Good races are looked for
ward to this afternoon when the re
serve stake will be completed. Do
reen and Lily Wright will also meet
in a match race. Following are the
day's results, with Judge Grace's of
ficial scores:
Open reserve, stake — Star Sylvaaos beat
Frank Dunn. 6-3; Bright Columbia beat Mo
desto Boy. 8-3; Free Erin beat Topsy Turvy,
4-2: Royal 8plrtt beat Secretive, 13-7; Tom
Hurllck beat Amortna, 4-0; Fannie Hughle
beat Trotting Bob, 5-0; Tellowtall beat Lucy
Glitters. 6-1; Colored Lady beat Sunnybrook,
4-0; Gunfire beat Forest Fire, 6-3; Her Boy
beat Gold LJly. 8-5; Sunny South beat Vina,
5-0; Rey Dare beat Reckless Rose, 18-3; Pep
per Jack beat Bacchus, 5-0; Lucky Shamrock
beat Nellie Wise, 5-0; Maid of the Glen beat
Golden Light; Chile Mara beat Articulate. 7-4;
Willie Boy beat Dartaway, 6-4; Belfast beat
Peter Mclntyre, 8-7; Rich Array beat Rolling
Boer, 6-0; Real Pasha beat St. Louis Boy.
10-2; Adonis a bye; Son of -Erin withdrawn;
Big Klamath beat Equator, 10-6; Imperious
beat Roy Hughle, 10-3; Craig Lad beat Jerry
Wright 13-7; Piccadilly beat Inna Hotfoot,
7-1; Toung Kerry Pippin beat Our Myra, 12-3;
Little Klamath beat Jack Short, 3-2; Fretter
beat Frisky Boy. 5-4; Haughty Helen a bye.
Runaway Actress withdrawn; Shotgun beat
Commercial Traveler. 8-4; Miss Brummel beat
Haddington 8-4; Em In Bey beat Sir Thomas,
7-3.
GREYHOUNDS RUN WELJj
AT INGLESIDE PARK
get a game from their clever oppo
nents.
The spores follow:
A. A. McVicar and R. Park beat A.
McNair and M. L. Crowe, 21 to 17;
A. McVivar and G. Center beat J.
Reid and H. L. Tickner, 21 to 14; G.
McLaughlln and G. C. Patterson beat
M. Li. Crowe, and J. Gray, 21 to 13;
R. Park and A. Craig beat D. Dalzlel
and E, J. Clinton, 21 to 13; J.
Mearnes and D. O'Brien beat W. J.
Fisher and W. Watson, 21 to 16; J.
Mearnes beat W. Fisher, 21 to 13;
Crowe and McVicar beat Moffatt and
Tickner, 21 to 18 and 21 to 13; Gray
and Dr. Gunn beat Patterson and Mc-
Laughlin, 21 to 18; Dr. Hamilton and
W. Eaton beat Judge Shaw and Mof
fatt. 21 to 3. ¦ .-
The suppzression of N-rays by anes-J
thetics In vegetables and minerals is
much alike.
The green at the park attracted
many Scottish bowlers yesterdays and
some Interesting practice erames . re
sulted. Owing to the large number
of players present , only, one singles
match was played. In this J.Mearnes
won rather easily from W. J. Fisher.
The latter, is a new man and did very
well to score 13 points on his more ex
perienced opponent.
In doubles M. L. Crowe and A. A.
McVicar won two games from J. C.
Moffatt and H. L. Tickner. The lat
ter are a strong team, but could not
California Amateur Tars Begin Work
on New Quarters Near Key
Route Depot.
At 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
first pile of the foundation for the
new house of the California. Yacht
Club was driven at a point about 1000
feet from the pierhead of the Key
route railroad. . The work of driving
the piles will be completed in a few
days. No ceremony accompanied the
work, except that a new burgee of the
California Yacht Club was raised. Ex-
Commodore J. W. Pew of the Corin
thian Yacht Club sailed over from
Tiburon Cove in the sloop Truant to
witness the work. The sloop Valkyrie
also cruised off the pier. Two or three
well-known yachtsmen were, present
on the pier, among them Allen M.
Clay, ex-commodore of the California
Yacht Club, to whose energy the crea
tion of the for acquiring new
headquarters on the bay is chiefly due.
It is probable that several of the fleet
of the club would have cruised to the
spot had yesterday not been the day
on which the California yachts start
on their annual cruise up the Sacra
mento River*
It'6 awful easy to convince a girl
•he's too pretty not to be kissed. \
goLdex gate park green
ATTRACTS MANY BOWXERS
FIRST PILE OF YACHT
CLUB HOUSE IS DRIVEN
Th* handicap doubles tournament
which was scheduled fcr last Sunday,
will be played at the California Club
courts to-day. Seven teams entered
yesterday and several more will do so
this morning. At the park the third
and fourth class players will com
mence their tournament. In the first
class three matches will be played
and in the second class one.
Harry But!<?r beat Melville Long,
6-4. 7-3; George Janes and H. Long
beat M. Long and Butler, 3-6, C-3, 7-5,
C-4; Herbert Gould beat Harry Mc-
Afee, €-3. 7-5; Judge Troutt tied Judge
Hunt, 6-3. 4-C; Gus Lisser beat/ Hans
Lisser. €-3, 7-E; B. Xourse beat W.
Knowlton, 6-1, 6-3. 6-3; A. Brooks
and H. Tickner beat C. G. Kuehn and
Merle Johnson, C-3, 9-7, 6-4; W. S.
X!acGav*n tied Merle Johnson, 6-1,
3-6; Robert Drolla beat Alden Ames,
6-2; B. Nourse beat Dr. Noble, 6-1,
6-3; E. P. Robbins beat Knowlton.
C-3, 7-5; L. C. Bozarth beat W. Mur
phy, 4-C, C-S, 6-4; II. Long beat Janes,
?6-0. 3-6, 6-1.
Judge Hunt and Judge Troutt played
a tie. each winning a set The former
played a good back-court game, but
Judse Troutt was better at the net
The best match in doubles was that
la which H. Long and Janes beat M.
Long and EL Butler three sets out of
four. The losers won the first set but
loet the next three^ The scores fol
low:
Many practice matches were played
on the California Club courts yester
day, but the contestants in most cases
were lower class men. Merle Johnson
was out for the first time in several
weeks and played a tie with the vet
eran, W. S. MacGavin. The latter
played a great game in the first set,
which he won easily. In the second
pet Johnson improved, while Mac-
Gavin tired and his game fell off.
George Janes/ the park expert, who
joined the club during the week,
I-layed three sets with Herbert Longr.
It Y.zs a hard hitting match from
start to finish. Long proved the bet
ter driver of the two and won two
sets to his opponent's one.
Judges Hunt and Troutt Forsake
Dignity and Indulge in a
Spirited Game.
RACKET WIELDERS PLAY N
GOOD PRACTICE MATCHES
An eleven representing the San
Francisco County Club played a match
yesterday afternoon on the ground at
Webster street, Alameda, against a
team of British sailors, captained by
the Rev. S. H. Wingfleld-Digby, chap
lain of the Seamen's Institute, beating
them by 115 against 83 runs. The San
Francisco team went to the wickets
first the score being as follows:
Irish, b. Watson, 8; Tiedeman, b.
Brock, 9; Boulton, b. Brock, 17; Pet
terick. c. Digby, b. Brock, 9; Storrs,
c. Thomas, b. Digby, 10; Wilding, c.
Podmore, b. Brock, 3: McNaughton, c.
Walkley. b. Brock, 1; Ward, b. Brock,
0; Roberts, not out 11; Stahl, not out
34; Foster, c. Thompson, b. Digby, 7;
byes 3, leg bye 1, wldes 2; total for
nine wickets, 115.
The score of the Seamen's Institute
was as follows: Holland, b. Irish, 28;
Jlclnnes, b. Roberts, 9; the Rev.
Walkley, c. Wilding, b. Roberts, 0; the
Rev. Wingfleld-Digby, c. Foster, b.
Petterick, 21; McArthur, b. Roberts, 0;
Brock, b. Roberts, 0; Podmore, b.
Roberts, 5; Thomas, b. Roberts, 1;
Watson, c Foster, b. Petterick. 1;
Swann, not out 1: byes 14; total 83.
San Francisco County Eleven Has an
Easy Time Disposing of
the Tars.
SAILORS MEET DEFEAT
OX THE CRICKET FIEIiD
O'Brien's wind Trhich made the latter
flinch. O'Brien missed a left to th«
face and the men clinched. Fitzslm
mons tried a right for the wind, but
¦was short and Jack countered with a
hard rlgh^ to the face. In the ex
change of blows Bob landed a hard
left on O'Brien's chin and Jack brought
his left flush on Fitzsimmons' Jaw. The
men were clinched at the bell.
Round four— O'Brien was the first to
lead, but missed a left for Fitzsim
mons' face. Bob led with his left and
the men clinched. Fitzsimmons tried
a hard right and as he came in O'Brien
uppercut him with a left Jack then
landed three blows without a return.
Fitzsimmons landed a right on Jack's
wind and the latter ran away. A left
to the face again started the blood
from Fitzsimmcms' mouth. Jack land
ed a light left on the damaged mouth
and the referee had to separate the
men. Fitzsimmons missed a left for
the face and Jack landed a hard upper
cut Fitzsimmons brought the blood
from O'Brien's mouth with a straight
left, but missed a hard right as the
men were sent to their corners.
Round five — Fitzsimmons missed a
left for the face and O'Brien countered
with a right to- the Jaw. Fitzsimmons
missed another left and the men had
to be separated by the referee. O'Brien
landed a light left and Fitzsimmons
drove a hard one to O'Brien's wind,
repeating the blow a second later.
Jack put a light right to the face and
as the men came together O'Brien
drove a har£ right to Fitzslmmona*
wind. The men were sparring for
wind. Fitzsimmons landed a light blow
on O'Brien's wind and then Bent a left
to the Jaw and a right to the wind,
which caused O'Brien to slip to the
floor. As O'Brien got to his feet the
gong sounded.
Round six— Fitzsimmons led with a
left, but missed. He landed the same
blow a second later and then drove a
left to the wind, which took some of
the steam out of O'Brien. Fitzsimmons
opened a cut over Jack's left eye and,
then drove his right to the wind.
O'Brien landed a right and left to the
face, but his blows lacked power.
Fitzsimmons landed a right to the
Jaw and O'Brien countered with a left
to Fitzsimmons' damaged mouth. Both
men were bleeding profusely. O'Brien
slipped to the floor In attempting to
get away from Fitzsimmons' right.
Fitzsimmons landed a light left to the
wind and Jack countered with a left
to the mouth. The men were clinched
as the gong sounded.
As. the men walked to their corners
O'Brien's left eye had a nasty gash
over It and FitzslmmonsV left eye' was
almost closed. While Fitzsimmons sat
in his corner his wife, who had been
watching the fight from the ringside,
walked up the steps and planted a kiss
upon her husband's swollen lips.
Pittsburg • 1 -8 8
Brooklyn i i-VV 2 4 1
Batteries — Lynch and Smith; Jones and
Bergen. UmDire, Zimmer. - - - •
ST.- LOUIS, July 23. — St. Louis defeated
Philadelphia In both games to-day. Timely
hitting and no errors won for the home team.
Attendance. 8300. Ecore: '
' First game — R.- H. E.
St. Louis • 9 ,9 0
Philadelphia ........... T ill 2
¦ Batteries — Corbett and Grady; Suthoff and
Roth. Umpire, Johnstone.
Second game — . •¦ ¦ « ; , R. H. E.
St. Louis T 12 0
Philadelphia "." !"'/'•• 2 9 6
Batteries— O'Neill and Grady; Eparka, Roth
and Dooln. Umpire, Johnstone. >...*,
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 23.— A great crowd saw
New York defeat Chicago to-day. Matthewson
was In great form and allowed but three
scattered hits In the first eight Innings. At
tendance, 25.000. Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago 1 6 S
New York 5 9 3
Batteries — Brown and Kllng; Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpires, O"Day and Em
slie.
CINCINNATI, July 23.— The Cincinnati
could do nothing with .Willis with men on
bases In the first game, while Boston bunched
hits on Ewinsr. The second game was a
slugging match. Fisher was forced to retire
after the fourth inning. Attendance, 7500.
Score :
First game — „ R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 7 1
Boston 3 8 2
Batteries— Ewing and Schlelj Willis and
Moran.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 15 18 2
Boston 1 S 1
Batteries— Kellum and CNelll; Fisher. Wll
helm and Needham. Umpires, Carpenter and
Morman.
PITTSBURG, ' July 23. — Pittsburg could not
hit Jones. The visitors bunched three of. their
hlto \» the sixth, whjch, together with two
wild throws, netted two runs. Score:
R. H. E.
BOSTON, July 23.— Boston to-day In an
eleven-Inning game met defeat. - Attendance,
2700. Score :
R. H. B.
St. Louis 5 10 0
Boston 2 7 4
Batteries — Glade and Eugden; Dlneen, Far
rell and Criger.
Batteries — Wolfe and Klttredge; Donovan
and Buelow.
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Kltson and
Wood.
Second kvxi*— R. H. E.
Washington 2 8 1
Detroit 3 7 3
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Washington beat
Detroit here to-day in the first gams of the
double-header and lost the second. Attend
ance, 5000. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
Washington 3 0 1
Detroit 2 5 1
Cleveland Plays Consistent Ball and
Takes Two Games From Phila
delphia Athletics.
STANDING OP THD CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W.L. Pet. Wl Pet.
New Tort... 68 23.716 Boston 51 29 .63S
Chicago 49 30.620 Chicago 60 33 .C02
nncinnatl ...49 3a .593 New York.... 46 33 .582
Pittsburg ...43 33 .660 Cleveland ...44 33.571
St. Louis 43 36.541 Philadelphia .42 37 .S32
Brooklyn ....31 54.365 St. Louis 34 41.453
Boston 30 54.357 Detroit 33 45.423
Philadelphia .19 59 .244 Washington .16 61 .208
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— Cleveland too*
two games from Philadelphia to-day. Waddell
lest t h» 'first on a wild throw to third In the
second Innlnz that cost two runs. Cleveland
won out In the eleventh on Lajole's single, a
double by Hickman and Murphy's low throw
to the plate. Attendance, 18,300. Ecore: *
First game— R. H. E,
Cleveland 8 0 0
Philadelphia 2 8 2
Batteries — Moor* and Bemls: Waddell and
Echreck.
Second frame— H. II. E.
Cleveland 4 9 1
Philadelphia 1.8 0
Batteries — Joss and Abbott; Plank and Pow
ers.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Although New York
outbatted Chicago to-day th« locals lost on
tirors. Attendance, 9300. Score:
R. IL E.
New York 4 14 S
Chicago 5 8 1
Batteries — Chesbro and Klelnow; Walsh and
Sullivan.
MATTHEWSON ELECTRIFIES
BIG CROWD AT CHICAGO
SEVENTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
r.;ds iir.c epwsrd; telling:
Betting. Hor^e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8tol— B. of B. Meade.110 (Brnr) 5 2 4 lh
4 to 1— Brooklyn!!? 100 (KeUy).. 8 4h 22
4 to 1— Lem Reed. 107 (HJldbrnd) « 1 h 3 2
Time. 1::4. Start poor. Won driving.
Wi-aer. E. K. Hefner's b. f. by Loyalist-Wan.
<a. Dauphin. Waterford. Margaret A. Ikki.
BcAivier. Mutjr.y, Merry Moments, Baby M,
Mary Ho'.Iailav, Mali, Tide and Obligato fln
ithed as r.amed.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
e:.<J upward; eellinr:
Bettlrg. Hcr*e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
«itol— For Luck. 97 (Jones) 1 12 1 3V4
V to i— Emergency. 104 (Robins) 4 2 3 2 3"
7 t' 1— Counterpoise, 110 (Kelly) 9 8 3b
Tlr-.* 1:12 *-5. Start poor. Wen easily.
Wir.r.er. I>. Kelly's b. f. by Plaudit-Pocke\
pi~ce. "ight and True. Monster. The Mus
k..-Uer, Forward, Jack Ratlin. Princess Tl
tar.ia. Oriskaxy. Consideration. Durazzo. Julia
M ar.d Turquoise Iilue finished as named.
EIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
tl.re»-year-&;*s ar.d upward; handicap:
Bctt'.r.g;. Bocae, Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
to 2— Crand Opera, 126 ( Burns) 4 1 h 1 h
7 to -J— Rxrsttir-t. 121 (Redfern)... 5 2h 2 1U
7 to 1— Sheriff Bell. 117 (Shaw).. 6 Gh 3 2
Tin-.r. \:V2 3-5. Etart poor. Won driving.
V.:r.ner. E. E. Srr.athers" blk. h. by Wagner-
P- Dale Bird. IUyria. Lord Badge. Gold Dome,
The Crlck't ar.d Chattah finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— On, and a half miles; the
BrUthtca Derbv; three-year-olds:
Brttirg. Hor»e. Weight, Jockey. Et. % Fin.
& to 10— Ort Welle. 11*6 (O'Neill). 3 1 *£ 1 4
2 to 1— Broomstick. 120 (Eurne). 4 2 3 2 4
4 ta 1— Knt. Errant. 126 (Martin) 1 3 1^3 1
Time. 2:22 2-5. Start good- Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Drake's ch. c. by Klnr Eric-
Tea'* Over. Boba<Jil aJ&o ran.
THIRD RACE — The Venus stakes fcr two
year-clcs: five ruricr.ss. \
Et-ttlng. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
:i to £<>— Tradition, 124 (HU*b"d) 6 13 11%
7 to 2 — Ascot Belle. 105 (Bums) 5 4 3 2 h
40 to 1— Schulamite. 124 (Kedf'n) 1 2 2 3 '4
Tirre, 1 :01. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner S. Pagffs b. I. by Ooldflnch-Reclare.
Cz&raiihine. C&mpo and Sparkling finished as
owned.
SECOND RACE — The Brighton steeplechase:
four-year-e'*s and up; about two and a half
miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. % Fin.
7 to 'Z — Koxhunter. 101 (Gray).. 6 12 1 10
50 to I— Mystc Siirir.r.149 iGlgur) 4 4 2h
13 ta 5— Lavator. 167 (Mara) 1 2 15 3 S
TiKe, 5;t>4 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
V.irner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s ch. g. by Gold
en Dawn-W!n»ma. Ten Candles, Flying But
tress, Opuntia and Eedpath finished as named.
BRIGHTON: BEACH, July 23.— John
A. Drake's 3-year-old colt Ort Wells
:esurr.trd his place as the best of the
3-year-o!ds now before the public by
.vir.nins to-day the $10,000 Brighton
Derby at a mile and a half, run in
2:C2 3-5, and defeating S. S. Brown's
Broomstick. P. J. Dv.yors' Knight Er
rant and Dobadii, his stable com-
I>auion. While Broomstick finished sec
ond, the stewards did not permit him
lo retain that p°£«tion. as they prompt
ly disqualified him because T. Burns,
his jockey, had fouled Ort Wells on the
turn into the home stretch the first
time around and further aggravated
it by jostling the other contender,
Knigrht Errant.
Barns' riding throughout this race
vras vigorously characterized by hun
dreds of experts as thoroughly reck
less and the stewards evidently
thought the same thing, for he was
suspended for six days. Both Knight
Krrant and Bobadil pulled up lame.
It was thought that Knight Errant
may have been injured when he was
jostled by Broomstick. The race,
while no doubt was won by the best
colt, was unsatisfactory to the public,
as was hoped and Interpreted.
The sport was marred to-day by the
fatai injury of Jockey SwabeiL In the
second race Opuntia, on the back
stretch, fell at a jump, threw Swabell
and rolled on him. The jockey died
6hortly afterward in a hospital. Sum
mary :
FIRST ItACE — Five, and a half furlongs ;
£cr two-yesr-olds:
Betting. Hcrse, Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
»> to 1— Racine, 102 (Kunz) 4 6 1%
6 to 1— lI.Gorir.an. 1W (Hildbnd) 8 5h 2 14
7 to 1— Vciaday. 112 medlern).. 7 4 h 3 *i
Tlrr.e, 1:06 4-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Wjt-r.er. \V. S. DiSer.derfter's ch. c. by Ra
cictc-Silver Queen. Peggy. Pink Garter. King
Oole. Petit Due. Caper Sauce, Belligerent,
Eutlirg. C&tmrown, Jerry C. and L&ng Dolan
Baizfaed as cair.ed.
£;>eciei Dis;>atc!i to The Cell.
SEVENTH RACE — Two-year-olds and npj
¦lx furlongs:
S to 1— L. Vashti. 100 (Davis) 8 8 2 1 m
15 to 1— R. Court, 102 (Anderson) 2 13 2 1^4
15 to 1 — Potter, 96 (Leedar) 9 4 4 8 5
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. H. T. Batchler's ch. m. (4) by Bobby
Beach-Vashtl. Happy Chappy 106, Ladaa 112,
Jako Weber 104, Avoid 103, Oudon 93. Mor
delli 58. Owesca 96, Dusky 100, Flyer 107, One
More 106, finished as named.
Time, 1:45^5., Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. J. Houcks' b. c. (3) by Falsetto-
Fright. Just So 95. Old Stone 98, Jack Young
106, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up; one
mile and seventy yards: ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Falkland. 9S (Hennesey) 5 8^ 12
16 to 1 — F. Torpedo. 105 (Andrsn) 4 5 5 2 n
S to lT-The Regent. 105 (Bookr) 1 12 3 1 V,
FIFTH RACE— Two-year-olds and up; one
and an eighth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Elie, 92 (H. Anderson).. 6 1111
C to 1— I* Crawford, 09 (Embln) 4 3 V, 2 nk
11 to 5— Leenja, 05 (W. Davis).. 3 2 2 3^
Time, 1:6514. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. H. Ezells' ch. g. (3) by St. Carlo-
Jude. Bessie McCarthy 105. Athena -94, Mil
fed 106, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Two-year-old»; flv« fur
longs: Native Nursery stake:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
1 to 8— Pinkerton, 125 (Otis) 3 1 1*41 1
1 to 3 — Woodlands, 118 (Wilson) 4 8 2 2 nk
9 to 1— Dameron, 115 (D. Austin) 2 2^35
Time, 1:01%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Schreiber's blk. c (2) by Saln-
LiMie H. Mooneet 107, Beknlghted 113, Be
knlghted practically left, finished aa named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and us:
Bett'ng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
Even— Rebe, 98 (Lindsay) 8 14 12
3 to 1— Ice Water. 112 (D. Astn) 2 3 5 2 3
18 to 5— Frank Bell. 109 (Rice).. 1 22 3 6
Time. 1:13*4. Start good. Won easily,
dinner, W. Mulkey*s br. a. (3) by Percy-
Climerone. Tristan Shandy 103, Claremont 101,
Tower 9S, Mlndora no, finished as named.
BECOND RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olda and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Lustlg. 92 (Emblen) 8 18 12
9 to B— Trapsetter, 98- (H.Andsn) 6 8 3 2 M
20 to 1 — Second Mate, 102 (W.Dvs) 2 6 1 3 h
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Echrelber'si ch. g. (3) by Balgowan-
Derfargllla, Little Corker 99, The Bugaboo
100. Ivernia 107. Tottenham 99, Caithness 104,
Salve 101. Varna Fonso 102. Scalper 92. Cater
pillar 104, Lee King 109. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.— Barney Schreib
e^ Pinkerton won the Native Nursery
stakes here to-day. Woodlands, his
stable companion, was second. Dam
eron created a scare by closing strong
in the stretch, but could not get up.
Four favorites won out of the seven
races. Just So turned a somersault in
the sixth race when he failed to land in
the money. Attendance, 18,000. Weath
er clear. Track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— One and a half miles; four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Goo Goo. 97 (Rice) 8 18 110
7 to 1— Murmur. 37 ( W. Davis) . . 2 2 6 2 3
60 to 1— Mae Miller. 105 (Howell). 6 5 1 3 %
Time. 2:35. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Hlckey Bros.' b. m. (4) by Spendthrift-
Schottka. George Vivian 102, Admettus 103,
Beana 106, Miss Eon 95, Flora Bright 102, fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One nslle; three-year-oldi
,ar.d up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Et. «i ; Fin.
8 to 5 — Dalvay. ©4 (Greenfield).. 4 5 5 1 r,
S to 1 — Foncasta. S3 (Knapp)... 6 4 1 2 2
4 to 1 — Gregor K. S3 (Nicol) 2 lh 8 2
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
M. H. Tichenor & Co.'s ch. c (3) by The
Crmmoner-Levlssa. Talpa 104, Major T. J.
Carson S3. Don't Ask Me 99, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-oJds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. «i Fin.
5 to 1— Atlantico. 101 <Ollphant) 7 7 4 Mi
5 to 1— Federal. 102 (NlcoI) 2 3h 2 1
5 to 3 — Crestfallen, 111 (Helgesn) 4 4 h 3 h
Time, 1 :49 3-5. Start good. Won handily
Winner, G. V.'. Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. (3) by
Vlnctor-Atlantlco IL Frivol 102, Exclamation
102, Handley Cross 107. Golden Mineral 87,
Ethel Abbott 90, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlong*; three-year
olds; furse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. «i Fin.
1<> to 1— Felipe Lugo. 104 (Bell) 2 5 1 U,
» to 10— Phil Kinch.107 (Knapp) 5 lh 2.4<4
~ to C — Monastlo 11.105 (Hnry) 4 4 3 f>>
Time. 1:15. Start cood. Won easily. Winner.
G. W. Baldwin & Cc's ch. c. by Amlgo-Los
Angeles. Geranium 105, Maggie Leeber 99.
finished ai named.
THIRD RACE— On« and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up; Northern handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Miss Crawford. 8S(Knapp) 4 12 12
i> to 2— McGee. 120 (Helgesen) ... 1 21 22
8 to 5 — Enplish Lad. 110 (Nicol). 3 4 nk 3 h
Time. 2:07. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Darden & Co' a. ch. f. (3) by
Tenny-Flo II. Jerry Lynch 95, Judge Hlmes
107, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; four-year
olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Stol— Ahola; 99 (Feicht) 5 31 13
4 to 5— Van Ness. 10C (Fischer)... 6 2h 2 3
i> to 5— Rag Tag. 106 (Knapp)... 7 5 nk 3 2
Time, 1:14 3-3. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. Bradley &. Co'». br. f. (4) by Aloha-
Mrs. Stuart. Maud Muller 94, Xugget 106,
Marchmont II 104. John A. Scott 114, finished
aa nair.ed.
Miss Crawford took the lead soon
after the flag: fell, and under'the nice
rating of Knapp was never in danger
cave for a moment, when McGee chal
lenged her on the stretch turn. She
shook Corrlgan's horse off In disdain,
however, and, finishing resolutely, had
nothing to bother her through the final
furlong.
English Lad ran prominently until
the far turn was reached, where he fell
back. He came again under the whip,
but showed plainly that he waa trained
off and needs a rest badly. The stake
had a gross value of $7370, the winner's
share being $5170. Time. 2:07, marked
a good performance, as Hawthorne
track in its present condition is not fit.
G. W. Baldwin cut loose two good
things to-day and cleaned up thou
sands of dollars. Felipe Lugo, at 10 to
1, and Atlantico, at 6 to 1, won and
were well backed by the Callfornlans.
Dalvay, winner of the last race, was
the only favorite to catch the judge's
eye first. The track was fast, weather
clear and cool and an immense throng
saw the running of a good card of six
races. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
30tol — Gwen 103 (Feicht) 3 2 *» 1
11 to 5— Cutter. 1CS i Livingston).. 5 12 2 1
C to 1— Ethel Day, 103 <Oliphant)12 SI 3 2
Time. :IO 1-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Wiener. George J. Long's b. f. by Pardee-Mlss
Richmond. Lesagltte 103, North Enid 103,
Merino 1CS, Sts Lee 103. Kate ZltU 103. Dixie
Andrews 1CS. Ralnwlteh 108, St. Bonnie 103.
Chum 103, Pirabella 103. August Victoria 103.
Presentiment 1U3. finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 23. — Miss Crawford,
the three-year-old chestnut daughter
of Tenny, owned by W. TV. Darden &
Co., and admirably ridden^ by "Big
Bill" Knapp, eaBlly won the rich
Northern Handicap at Hawthorne to
day by nearly four lengths from Mc-
Gee. English Lad, the favorite, was
third, barely setting that position in
the last few strides from the selling
plater, Jerry Lynch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jockey Swabell Meets With a
Fatal Accident in Sec
ond liace.
Miss Crawford Neatly Out
foots McGee and English
Lad at Hawthorne.
Schreiber's Pinkerton Fin
ishes Ahead of His Stable
Companion Woodlands.
JOHN A. DRAKE'S SUPERB THREE-YEAR
OLD CAPTURES THE BRIGHTON DERBY
ORT WELLS DISPLAYS SPEED
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1004.
Continued From Page 36, Column 8.
37
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Time and energy saved by
reading oar TO TjET COLUMNS.
ROOMS AND FLATS in all
localities advertised and at
rents to suit.
VIGOR AND HEALTH
FREE TO
M»Stf / .^%(t^\ To prove the
METMr™ aal V \ cur at lv«
£UC*I iA-aft -4? • | powers of our
/mkNL l*» J«j/*rM| most remark-
/e^C$t\VcTREr»»J • •/ *ble home
(JEOj£|m2J| ¦ •.» j^ff\ treatment, you
* 3W-0 8^7 ifrS^r rroval. It will
g" EK3 l qU ' c k l r re "
*»<ldoirli' k r VtN \ itrec * th a n d
S5fti H?' f^fk+ysFr' \ tire and vlKor
S J O3.-ji i VfT^-^f/Jsr^ youth.
iSdiitWMfacyuBLfcvr By atmo *-
N>O organs and Is
•the only
known sclentino means which will positively
enlarge and fully develop them. Used with our
Local AbsorblnR Stimulating Tor.lc. Gennlcldal.
<¦ . > p..tCT J -U«€t>iUtL';Mttli l tT l tNr^l- CT -A
Healing. Medicated Urethra! Crayons always
quickly cures where all else falls. Gleet, all
Drains, Losses. Varicocele. Stricture, Prema-
tureness Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
A safe simple home- cure. NEVER FAIL3.
Dr - Llewellyn one of our stafT of physicians,
has discovered a marvelous remedy which wilt
give action and produce results In 5 minutes.
Applied locally only. Works like magic. Don't
fall to call on us for demonstration or write
lor new illustrated bock. No. C. sent securely
sealed, free. Hours, & to 8; Sundays 10 to I.
HEALTH APPLIANCECO., 6 O'Farr^USt.
>^^"af*^v Trains leave and are due)
/KS§£S\ toarrlv.at
[w|^^^2j SAN FRANCISCO,
»->^ fFoot of Market Street)
j.>aT. - MAIN LINE. -AJaTrT
700a V«c*Tllle. Winter*. Uamssy 7I3p
7JK>a Bealds, Elralrs sad Stersaento.. 7 2Gi»
7J0A Vallejo. N»»«. callitot*. SanU
__ Ko*«. MsrttaKX. Saa lt»moa 8.209
7J0A Nn-s.TracY. Lat&rop, RtocStroa.... 7^a^
sXOa Sh«»ta ExproM— (Via U»T:iJ.
Wttltam* (for BarUctt 8pr!n(s»),
Wtllowa tf-ruto, KeU Blul,
Portlaad. Tacoma, Seattle 7.50*
I-60a Daris.Woo<tIsD«t. KntsTiti Laud:ng,
MsrysTllIe. Ch'co. Urovllle 7.5C*
¦48a Port CottA, \Urtlnez. Aatioco.
ByroB. Traer. Stocktoa. Neir-
maa. Los Banos. UenJot*.
Armoas, naaford. Vis all a.
Ptn-terrnie 4»23»
f JKU Port Costa. tfod«*te. Mereed,
Freiao. Gocaen Janctloa, Hsar
ford. Visslla. liakrnneM 4.S6P
t-lOA Nilea, Ssa Josa, Llvernore, Stock*
ton. CXItlton). lone, SAcritme&to.
MarytTltle. Cblco. Ked BluT .... 423i»
•JCa OakcUle. Chinese. Jamestown. 3o-
norv Tuolumn* iml Ans*!i 4-20s»
t 00a Atlantic Eipr<-««— OsJenXnd B*it. 5-20P
• -50a Richmond, ilarttae z sad Wsy
Stattons 0.50?
10 -CO* Tne OverUad Limited — Ocdeo.
Omab«. Cblcazo, Dearer, Kansas
Clir. St. LooU 8 20»
lO-MAVaiiejo 12.20P
18X0A Lo« Asnles Pus«aKer — Port
Costa. Uarttaes. Brroa. Tracy.
Latarop. Stockue. HerceH,
, Rarmoad. Preaao, Ooahen Juao-
t)«B. Ha»*ord, L»moor». Ylssila.
_^ B»kerafl«J^ Lo» Aa^olea Z-3"*
t3JSC*i Rarward. Nlles sad War SutSaat. 3-20«"
t1i)0(» Sacrimento River 8tesmcrs.. tl \XS*
IMP Beaiela. Placers. 3»cr*ment*
"WocJUnd, frisirvs. Katfhts
Laadtar. Uarjtrtlls. OrorUl*
aad wsy ttattoas t»-50».
$¦30* Bar ward. Kllfi and Wajr Stations.. 7.50f»
4X0»> MarUaei.SwnlUtma.TaUeJo.Ilapa,
Ca'.latoca. »»ol» Uo*». „ %20A
440p> 511m. Tracf. Stocktoa. Lodl . 4.20i»
4 *QP Hayward. Hlles. Irn&ctosj, 8aaj f5.30A
mm^ Joee. Llvermore ) t1l.50A
I-Mp Toe Owl Limited— Kewmss. Lee
Baaos. Mrndotit, Treiao, Talar*.
_^_ Bakersfleld.LoeABfeles. .^^^ B-Ma
IS Jim Hay ward. Nlles and s.aa J019 7JQ*
600p May ward. Nile* aad San Joan. I-Ma
8430^E*«i*ro Exprraa— Or^ea. Oat&v
C&learo. Deavsr, ILaaaaa C'fr,
Bt. Louti. via Mu-tlaez. Stockton.
Sacrmmento. Colfax. Reno tS-SO^
B.OOp Vsllelo, dally, except SaaJay .... I •, >n _
70CPV»lIeJo.8andsy only f ' 7-8C '
7JJCP riithmoDd. san Pablo, Port Cosui.
Uartlaes sad Wsy Stations 1~L2Qa
7£0p Beao Paaaenzar — Port cimsa. Sat
aaa. Elnlra, Davla. Sacranteataw
Trockee. Lake Tanoe. Ueao,
Tonopan. Sparta 7-88*,
I .C5p Port Costa, Marttaex. Byron.
Tracy, Latarop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno ana
Wsy Stations beyond Port Costa tt£9»
B-OaP Totemlu Valley, via Berenda aad
- Wawona ,,,- , 8 50a
I 4>8p Martinet. Tra«T. Stoekum tO^OA
80 &P Oregon * California Kx^reas— Sae>
ramento. Marysvllle. Beddlsg.
Portland. Poget Sound tad Baat. 8-8!>A
CIOp Bay ward. Nllea and Saa Jose (sua-
dayonly) 11 50^
COAST LIME (Marrow liaage).
(foot ef Market Street)
*7.45a Saata Cms EzcanlomSundayonly) 8-10P
B.15A Newark. OenterTllle, Saa Juto,
Feltoo, BoalderCreek. BlgBasto,
Santa Cras and T7ay EuUou... 5-53 »
•W-IBa Alvarado. Newark. San Joae. Los
Oatos.Glenwood. Felton, Boulder
Crte'i. BIcRuh. Saat* Crai... 6-TO
T2-15P Newark. Ceot«rvtlle. San Jose,
New Almadea. Los Gntoi.Fe'ton,
Boalder Cmek, Saau Criu auJ
Prlnclsal War SuUobs IOSta
4T5 p Newark, Saa Jose, Los Gatos tS-SSA
4>1Sp Wright, Boulder Creelc and Santa
Cruz. Saturday and Soaday ualy. *8-55a
COAST LINE (Broad Uaaa*).
UT ( 1 Bird and Townaeod Streets.)
B.10A Baa Jose and Way Stations 630p
f7 00a San Jose sod Way 3Ut!on». &.43s>
7.15a Monterey and Sacts Crui Excnr-
slon (Sanday only) t0-30i»
• 00a .few Almaden fTura , Fr'.d.. only). 4-liJj»
• C8a Th» Coaster — Saa Jo»«, Saluiaa,
Saa Ardo. Paso Koblet. Baata .
Margarita. San LaU Obispo. Saata.
Barbara. San Baenareatnrai
Montalvo, Oxaard, Burbaak. Los
Xnzt'.ti , KM3W
f CO* Gllray. Honiater. Ca* trortTia, Del
Moale, Paciac Grove, Sort. Loav
poc 13-45P
I.CQa aaa Joie. Trea Pinos.Wauonvilltt,
Capltola. Saata Crot, Paetao
OroTe. Sallaaa Sao Lata Obispo
aad Principal Way Statlooa. ... 4-10*
1040a Saa Jo«e aad Wsy Stations 1-23i»
1140aIs>bu Clara. Ssa Jose. Los Ostos
aad Way Station* 7.30t»
IJOp baa Jose and Way Stations ....... 8-33*
tS-MpDe! Monte Rxprees (except Sun-
day) — Saau Clara, Saa Jow,
Wats«Bvtl!e, Saata Cruz. Del
Mont*. Monterey. Paeifle Grove. tiZ-U*
MOpBanlnrame. Saa Jo«c. Ollroy. Ho).
lister. Trea Plnos.Pa<aro.Wauoa>
vllle. CsptMla, Saata Crnz, Ca*-
trovtne. daMnaa, Pacific Grove... 13 4"5a.
4J0s» *aa Jo»e and Wsy Staiioas.. ...... t3-CflA
tS OOP Santa Clara, San Joae, Lo* Galoa,
Wright and principal Way dt*-
Uona (except Bunday) t9-C8A
fS^Op Saa Joae and Principal Way Stations 13.40a
6 4Sp 8oD*et Express.— Redwood. Saa
Joae.G!!roy.3al!oaa,Paso Hobles.
Baa Lais Obispo. Saata Barbara.
Los Aacelea, IMtmlog. El Paso,
New Orleans. New York 7.10*
E.4IP Psjaro, Watsonvllle. Capltola. I .,_ ~
Baata Cruz. Castrovllle. Del > ?]•;¦£?*
Monte. Paclflo Grove \ r 1IM5»
ICIBp ba>Xateo.Beresford.l)elTnoat.Saa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park. Pakt Alto _ WUSa,
8^0f fin Jo»e aad Way Sunoni.. ....... 8ia«
840p Palo Alto aad Way Stations 10.15a
11 .Up Bonta San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bu>
Uacanke,*Saa Mateo, Belmont,
••» Carlo*. Uedwood, Fair Oaks,
Wealo Park, aad Palo Alto SU3»
s11-59*» Mayneld. Uoaatala View. Saaay-
vai«. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
su Jose t9.43»
A tor Uornlng. P for Aturaooa, ~~"
t Saa Jst axeepted, 1 3nnd«y omly.
t> Satarday only 6 Monday only.
-IfttAiMalaU »Tff*TB ffl fllinlllj
CAIffOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FBAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIH3
8AILWAT COM? AST.
Tlburoa Perxy. Poot of SKarket Stze«t.
BAST PBANCISCO TO SAZT BArATTTa.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. nsT
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAX BATAEL TO SA2I rRAJTClSCO.
WfciiK DAYS— «:05, 8.5O. 7:35 ? :5O »:M.
1135 i. m.; 12:50, 12:00. 3:40. 5:00. 8:20.
6 :25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip it 1:« P. a . •
SUNDAYS— «:5O. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. fl:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. ¦ ;
L^ave I In Effect j Arrlv*
Pan Fran. I May 1. 1304. I Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. [Days.
~ 7-3oa : 7:45 a) 7:45*
llool »;3Oa Ixnado. 10:20 a 10:20.
2l3Op 2:30 p «:00p 6.20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 & 7^3 »
T lw«V p
- 8:45 p
• .m. T'30a 7:4' a 7:43 a
fiioSa 8:00 ! Novato. 10:20 a 10:80 t,
2 3Op 9:30 a Petalumm. «:2Op 6:20p.
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25^7:23!.
*¦- .. 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 pL.
7 .»0 a 7-30a " 10:20a|10:20a
Ilooa lioo? Fulton. 2=g 5 ?:1S 2
2:S0p 2:30 P 8:43 p| 7:23 p
Windsor.
T:3Oa T:30a Healdsburtr. 10:20 a 10:20 •
Lytton
J:30p 2:80 p OeyaerviUw. 7:23 p 7:23 9
- ., -- Cloverdalev
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20»
2l30p| 2:30 p| and UTclah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
j j Wllllts. j I
T:30a| 7:30 a|_ Enerwood. I T:23p| 7:25 p
8-00 al 8:00 al Ouernevllle and 110:20 al 10:20 .»
2:30 p! 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| 6:20 p
"sf-OOa S-OO^ 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. SMS'pl _ _
7-30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2-:S0p[ 2:30p| SebastopoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Wnltet
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton tor Borte't Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at OstmttUI* for Skasr*3
Borings- at Cloverdal* for th« Geysers, Boon«-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Snrlna-s HlgbUnd Sprtn«». Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Borings; at Cklalv for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttef
Borings! Upper Lake, Ponio. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley-». Buctaells.
i Sanhedrln Heights. nnUvllle. Orr'i Hot
' Springs, Halfway House. Coaptehe. Camp
i Stevens Hcpkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Eras?,
i Westport. Ueal: at Wllllts for Fort Bra*g.
1 WestDCrt. Eherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle Ounrnlns. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. GarbervlUe. Pepperwood. ScoUa and Eu»
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at t—
dU On d Sundays— Round-trip tickets ta all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. C30 Market street. Chronicle
building. " _ __..-
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Weeay Call $1.00 DerYear
W caufoTnia f
H LIMITED TO CHlCACOi
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THU^SHYl B
tyat 0:30 a. m., through la 3 dayi.u
nwltli diner and all tr»pptar». H
Other Santa Pe Trmiast
7:30 a. m.1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakerofleld,
iloo £ mj Merced. Hanford and VUalU.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 841 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. P. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 27 South Flxrt St..
San Jose'.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
WILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sansallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 V m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00. 4:35 5:13. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00 10:20
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays' decart
at 7:10, 7:45. 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00, ll?40
a m.. 12:2C» 1:00. 1:45, 2:30, 3:16. 4:00 4:35.
6:15. 6:50. 4:25. 7:15 8:15. 8:00. 10:20.* ll-S»
P Airlve at San Francisco, week—days «-lT
7:00, 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:33. 10:20. ll:dVa. m
1205 1:25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 8:05. 0:40 «-ia!
6:55. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundayt and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05
8:60 p. na.
For Fairfax, week day*, depart at 7:45 a. ra.
8:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex.* Sat.). On Sunday*
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. loioo.
U:0O 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:90. 1:45. 2:30 7I13
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Caxadero and way stations.
8:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc
3':15 p. m. dally except Snnday— For f> T s-
dero, etc
5:15 p m. dally except Saturday and Bun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc. ,
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Rajlway
Leave Tia tensilit* Ferry Arrive
Ban Frauclsco t y«ot«f MtiketSt, San Fraudico^
Week Son- huu- Week "
D*y». <l«ys- /^W^il^k da ' rs - D «y-
n7|~8l30T «5w*sa 12:457" 3:45*
..10:00a \£3S2J!§Sm» 2:05p*11:05a
10:00a 11:00 a \&Q<5^<Sr 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:45 r 12;20 r XgERjS'2/ 6:40 p 6:J5f
B:15r 1:45p >k%^ 6:15p IO-.OIi
4:35r| yfr 8:50 r
• TU Crartty far. Y TaatlyaU U Mill TiHty.
Tickxt (626 Market St. (North Dhore Railroad)
gmcu land gACituxo fxaiT, Jeot Mazkit S\
i||| j/Menl Look Here!
_^^^ < *^^^ gc j.y^ Nervous Debility, Varicocele,
jgte^ . -*~s>'" 4^~^ Early Decay and Waste of
J$SSr\'*~~ ~**^^ Power? They are Quickly
JffiiSBt I i and Forever Cured by the
M$Wm.\ \ v> jg8i^ Grand Product of Nature,
JiilPi ) if ° R * McLAUQHUN ' s Electric Belt, With
yHJk Jm Free Electric Suspensory for WcaK Men
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak
S^^mWM^^^^^' p:irtS and cures a11 weaknes s of men, varicocele. etc. It develops
S^^ g^M^^^^l and expands all weak organs and checks unnatural drains. No case
7 '^^^l oi Failing Vigor, ,Varicoce}e or Debility can resist the powerful
IPS®^SW *'' f%/ Kvm Electric Suspensory. It never fails to cure. It is free with Belts for
//^iPiil^H* v ««yif man snon ld be weak; no man should suffer the loss of that
//^%ip^^7r /reHP*x vital element which renders life worth living. No man should allow
//Jf MsJfm^* i vs-ISSSsi himself to become less a man than nature intended him; no man
//sMmiSiS '* /£%g$&\ should suffer for sins of his youth, when there is at hand a certain
//if hmlMl /ft$M/$i cure * or *" 3 weakness, a check to his waste of power.
//M wPP?/ ff \£ZZ%a Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart,
// li-lii/ * y£ 'Jffizm brain and nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss
i«ir Iwk (%$£$%£ °* nature ' s reserve power through mistakes of youth. You need not
\£/ />%$M W$tM suffer for this. You can be restored. The very element which you
/ /llfgfga \zwMj ave ! ost you can get bac^« anc^ y° u mz-Y be as happy as any man
li S/MigW&ail &M y Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory (free), will
/ /^V&mtittr M%i®>>. restore your power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back
J/'lf TBJgffi.-~-agl^fggJsfo l AL». " Mr - Tr - La « ee > ed B lu«. Cal.. «*v«: Tour b»!t Ktrem perfect ««tt»f«.ctlon la
r* I! t*^iKw*?*^ 5 =S-s=^?\ r7ery way. After having worn the app!lane» only a month I am almost cured."
C I m^^J&M*^" \lfifi//-J'f?fc' Th * 3 dra5n on your P° wer causes Kidney Trouble. Rheumatism
\, f Jwl{((*^& '^wWtKt'P anc ' toniac^ Ailments. You know it is a Ios3 of vital power and
f^^kjv^^^^ilff0W0/lfM'i&^- affects every organ of the body. ; Most of the ailments from which
' i^JiltLit«L*~Sjj&~ mcn su fTer can be traced to it.
*^"%m.»- I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings
" *** of years in useless doctoring. /
My Belt is easyv to use; put it on when you go ter where you are I think I can give you the address
to bed; you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting of some one in your town that I have cured. I've
or burn as in old-style belts), and you feel the cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking
nerves tingle with the new life flowing into them. advertisement for my Belt.
You get up in the morning feeling like a two-year- Every man who ever used it recommends it. be-
oId - ' , "_ cause it is honest. It does great work, and those
~ e £ 5d 1 S B> *£S^t.?fe» w SSS : it VStf ITlr 1 SSSAS ' SSS" 6 ,^ are the most grateful because the
kidney and bladdar troubl*. I am now Bound and well. In per- cure cost so llttIe -
feet health and weigh mor» thin i ever did. My apatite is b-t- Every man who nses ray Belt jrets the advice and
KiSr-VEfi 111 f ° r "^ T0Ur belt !' S "* m ° r0 thia counsel of a rty^™ fr/d I give you all That any
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and medical man can give vou, and a lot that he can't,
young as he did at 3<?. That shows it renews the .„ lrv mv . h * n \ Wri £e me to-dav for my beautifully
vigor of youth. illustrated book with cuts showm- how mv Belt is
It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains. Lumbago, appjied.a^nd lots of eood readjng for men who want
Kidney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night, never *2- be a™* 2*?™%? W ? rV ° f t God - A MA **- Inclose
to return. thls ad - and T Wllf send tnls book, sealed, free.
E. B. Miller, Crompton avenue, Los Angeles, Cal., writes: I f~\IZ> 7*A /"^ A/l^^f £1 f T^-^ w ww na.T
have used your high-grade belt for two months for lame back, L-TV./Tl V_>» / T 1G aL^/-% U V_» |— I L*l iN
rheumatism and weakened nerves and am now a well man. I one Ma-nVo* <:»»„., e«— tj t #•''¦
have gained six pounds In weight and feel as strong and hearty » u& JnaPKei Street, J>aD FranClSCO, CaL
as I ever did. All my friends acknowledge that I hav» had a _ #vr--. ,,„_ •««?«•««. •,. a ,» . -
miraculous cure, as I was almost a wreck when I began to use „ °™f? hw J™' * *• «• to 8 P. «n. Bandar. 10 to 1.
the belt. • Seattle OMce. 105 Columbia st.; Ix>« Anjelea. 120 S. Sprln* «t.
What ails you? Write and tell me. and no mat- never sold by drug stores or agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.Rabbi Bernard M. Kaplan of Sac
ramento, president of the Associated
Charities of that city, occupied . the
pulpit of the Bush-street Temple yes
terday morning. His very eloquent
address was upon the significance of
the day. which is a special Sabbath
known in the Hebrew ritual as the
Sabbath of Comfort. He said that this
Exhorts His Hearers to Look Upon
Suffering as Discipline to ;i£-£r
Character.
RABBI KAPLAN SPEAKS
IN BUSH-STREET TEMPLE
Henry T. Scott, president of the
Union Iron Works, entertained a party
of twenty at luncheon In the Cafe. of
the Hotel St. Francis Thursday after
noon at 1 o'clock in honor of Miss Her
reid, who christened the South Da
kota. Those present were Miss Her
reid, Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Logan, Gov-
August 3 is set for the date of the
marriage of Miss Grace Martin and
William Palmer Horn. The ceremony
will occur at the home of the bride's
mot 1 Mrs. Camilio. Martin.
Captain and Mrs. H. E. Cloke will
leave soon for the East, where Captain
Cloke has been ordered to attend the
submarine defense school at Fort Tot
ten, N. Y. They will probably not go,
however, until the marriage of Mrs.
Cloke'a sister, Miss Findlay, who will
become the bride of George Gardiner
August 20.
Ernest A. Wlltse Is in town, arriving
last week. Mr. Wiltse is. a great fa
vorite in society and will be warmly
welcomed by both his men and women
friends.
Dr. and Mrs. Harry j Sherman are
spending the season at their attractive
summer home at Ross Valley, .which is
often the scene of informal little gath
erings. Sunday afternoon is generally
very popular across the bay in . the
summer, and Mrs. Sherman's home Is
no exception.
Miss Phelan is enjoying a visit in Los
Angeles. She has many friends there
and will not return for some little time.
• • •
Mrs. Carter Pomeroy and Miss Harriet
Pomeroy left for the East x on Friday,
to be joined en route by Miss Christine
Pomeroy, who was Mrs. McCutchen's
guest at the McCutchen camp in the
Sierra.
• • •
Mr, and Mrs. Mark Gerstle and Dr.
and Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels make a mer
ry party who are spending a few weeks
at Del Monte.
A rally will be held at the Third
Congregational Church to-day, rnark
ing the opening of the church after a
thorough overhauling. Dr. Adams,
the pastor, will preach in the morning
and E. H. Hadlock will deliver an
address in the evening.
West Side Christian Church — Morn
ing, "Man's Dignity"; evening, "God's
Love for Man." Pastor, Rev. W. F.
Stafford.
First ; English Lutheran Church —
Morning, "Elijah's Message to the
Times We Live In"; evening, "Hidden
Wells of Comfort." Pastor, Rev. E.
Nelander.
' California-street' M. E. Church —
Morning, "Our Bible"; evening. "The
Kingdom of God." Pastor, Rev. Clar
ence Reed.
Epworth M. E. Church — Morning.
"Sons of God"; evening, "Paul's Vision
and Its Use." Pastor, Rev. F. A.
Keast. '
Howard-street M. E. Church —
Morning, "Wayside*' Hearers"; even-
Devotion of the forty hours will
open in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church
this morning at the 11 o'clock mass
and will continue until Tuesday morn
ing. Special sermons will be preached
by Fathers Wyman and Stark.
This morning the members of the
St. Vincent de Paul Society will as
semble in St. Mary's Cathedral at
7:45 o'clock to receive holy commun
ion at the 8 o'clock mass. . In the af
ternoon at 3 o'clock the third general
meeting of the year of all the, confer
ences of San Francisco will be held
in the society and as concerted action
on the part of the members is neces
sary to carry on the good work of St.
Vincent de Paul, a large attendance is
hoped for.
Rev.. Jay .William Hudson, pastor of
the Second Unitarian Church, who has
just returned from his vacation, will
occupy the pulpit this morning and
speak on "The Creed That Needs No
Revision."
Services Will Begin at 11 O'clock This
Morning and Continue Until
Tuesday.
Society Notes.
FORTY HOURS* DEVpTlOX
AT THE PAULIST CHURCH
The handsomest private cars, in the
world are owned by Adolphirs Busch
and Charles M. Schwab.' Busch re
ceived hia as a present from friends.
Mr. Schwab's is new, built at a cost
of J50.00Q. and is one of the most lux
urious things op wheels. It la seventy
feet long., including an observation
compartment of twenty feet- The
ceiling Is hand painted. The furni
ture, which, like the general appear
ance of the car, is in LouJa XV. period,
is all hand made. Each of the brass
bedsteads in the two staterooms cost
$1000. . - ...... .
Handsome Private Cars.
The ladles named below are to be in
charge' in Native' Sons' Hall next
Wednesday night at the entertainment
and leap year ball to be given bythi
¦Native Sons' joint literary and social
committee. ! This will be the first -. time
that this association has ever given
an entertainment -under the direction
of representatives of the various local
parlors of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West. The reception commit-'
tee, which during the ball will act as
police officers to enforce novel leap
year rules, is composed of Miss Alma
Reimers, chief of police; Miss Ka^h
ryne McGough, jailer; Gussie Schilling
of La Vespero Parlor; Lena Wilson,
Minerva; Edith Miihlner, Alta; Jen
nie M. Greene, Buena Vista; Belle
Wurtner, Oro Fino; Rose Smith, Las
Lomas; Birdie Hartman, La Estrella;
Lucie Hammersmith, Darlna; Freda
Bucking, Las Torrosas; : Lillie Borle,
Genevieve; Tessie Richardson. Sans
Souci; Mamie Henry, Yosemite; Josie
Reardon, Fremont; Esther Shanna
han, Golden Gate; Georgia Struas, Cal
averas, and Henrietta Wilson, Orinda.
The floor manager will be Miss Jes
sie Turner, who will be asissted by
Miss Anna'Gruber as assistant floor
manager and the following members
of the floor committee: Edna Stumme
of La Vespero Parlor; Eleanor An
derson, Minerva; Elizabeth Horn,
Alta; Eva Phillips, Buena Vista; Dolly
Bradley, Oro Fino; Phoebe Theall, La
Estrella; Frances Edwards, Darina;
Elizabeth "Reardon. Las Torrosas;
Emma > Matheson, Genevieve; Minnie
F. Dobbin, Sans Souci; Annie Butts,
Yosemite; Dora Lavin, Fremont; Ma
tilda Ducker, Golden State;" Jennie
Ohlerlch, Calaveras.
M. Rogers of Alcalde Parlor will
act as judge to impose the leap year
fines.
Novel Rules at Ihe ¦ Native Sons' Joint
Literary and Social Committee
Entertainment.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS WILL
DIRECT LEAP YEAR PARTY
ing, "The Heart Exposed." Pastor.
Rev. A. C. Bane.
Grace M. E. Church — Evening, "Is
Overeducation a Danger?" Pastor.
Rev. F. M. Larkin.
Richmond M. E. Church — Morning,
"The Martyrdom of Stephen"; even
ing, "Jehosophat, the Bismarck of Ju
dah." Pastor. Rev. E- D. Kaley.
Rev. Frank S. Ford will preach this
afternoon before a gatherlns of young
men in the Young Men's Christian As
sociation auditorium.
A memorial service will be held
this morning at 11 "o'clock for the late
Rev. Robert Chester Foute at Grace
Church at the corner of California
and Stockton streets. Rev. David J.
Evans, the rector, will preach and the
music will include Gounod's "Messe
Solennelle," under the direction of
William H. Holt, organist and choir
master. '..
Sabbath, following as it does the sol
emn fast of the Ninth Ab, which com
memorates the destruction of the Jew
ish commonwealth in Palestine, em
phasizes the optimism, the. hopeful
ness and the faith of the Jew in the
goodness of God and the golden pos
sibilities of man. •
The rabbi said that writers have
spoken of Jewish history as the great
est tragedy, but Judaism, does not take
such a gloomy view of th^t history.
Judaism looks upon suffering and
struggle as discipline which develops
and strengthens character. Judaism
further looks upon Jewish suffering
as suffering for an ideal arid suffering
for an ideal is no suffering at all. It
does not afford pleasure to the physi
cal sense, but it forms the greatest
delight to the soul. And because of
this view Judaism calls upon its fol
lowers never to lose faith in them
selves, in humanity and in God.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert E. Law have
returned from a four months' trip to
Europe. Much of.their time was spent
along the Riviera, also in Switzerland.
France and England. On their return
they visited the St. Louis Exposition.
ernor Herreid, Mrs. Fee. Mr. Crane,
Miss Logan, Mr. Nash. Miss Losran. Mr.
Brown, Miss Johnson, Mr. Pippy, Mrs.
Nash, Mr. Fee, Mrs. Cranes Mr. de
Pue, Captain Logan and Mrs. Herreid.
AT OILROY HOT SPRINGS: From Sin
FraiioiEco— W. Hanson ar.d wife and children.
Edward J. R\an. Will T. Rvin. A.«a R. Wells
end wif»>. Jo«. Wpjtttjhai. M. Oord<=n Georg
'VinFz, Marrial Gerra. G<^oree Uowdy' Walter
lnxln. V. J. Lang. .1. J. Wolff and wife. A.
It McLean. T. J. PrUh, Miss Edna Gralph.
Miss Ada Tjrrelt, H. S. Ixiwe and wife C E
Johnson. Mrs Mary Wil?on. II. W. Conn^lri-
J. T. Covert. S. T. M^ran. William G. Wright.
J. J. Boring and w;f«. W. K. Brooke O A
E'ealey. Mrs. E. C. ':i:h^rt. K. R. Robinson.
Mifs V. P.ohinscn Charles 'Jarfield. Georpe
Ts.lcott. E. M. Hark*. F. H. Grarea Jack
Foley. Mr« I»uis A. MoLure. From Stock
ton — Mrs. Margaret Walsh. From Santa Ro«a
— Howard Dcmir.g, G. H. Parson. From WooJ-
I. HoM'iT-ybercer. Mi?s Agnes Hig fc 'ir.s, Miss
M. Blrnna, B. C PoOak, Charles H. H*rr
nan. r. G. Fulton. From Vallejo — Mrs. Mls
f-r and ohiMren. M:rb A. Wlnton. From
rterkelo-— Miss S. H. Kirk. From Alameda—
ML L. Green Louis Petereen. H. P. Green.
From Oakland— Miss Mabel F. Walsh. From
Et. Helena— Dr. T. J. Evans.
AT SARATOGA SPRINGS: From Ban
FranciFc*— Mies M- Lehman, Miss E. McHenry,
M!es <". LeLm*n, Mrs. A. J. Rocca. J. H. Ben
nett. X£. C. Butler. Mrt. I. J. Martens. Mr. and
Mrs. C. Bush Miss G. Bush. D. Nichols and
wife. A. E. Hlrd. Mrs. F. Hausman. Master
y. Hausnmn. Beatjr Lutjen. Miss M. Tan
foran. D« F. Selby. P. A. Stanley, Mrs. C.
Pereharkpr. Misst A. Tanforan. Mr. and Mrs.
A. C. Rulofson. Mr. and Mre. R. Carmany T.
< arrr.any. Da»y Gummon. Mrs. T. B. Valen
tine. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Miller. Miss W. L.
I'.eichling. Mn>. O. R. Obert, Miss L. R. Held.
T u!ius Ro'.ier, W. J. Inglis. A, Casagnetto L.
>(. June. J. H. C. Kaden. Mrs. M Laia, Mrs.
AT BEN LOMOND: From San Francisc*—
J. Mcllroy, UJm Helen A. Sou. Miss Blanche
Snu Em'.l Frank. Mrs. Lee Jacobs, Irene G.
Jacobs. W. M. Gcggin. Robert Wcineke, W. P.
Bock. H. Macuire. J. W. Hogan.. Mrs. George
A. Schultz. Miss Genevleve Sohultz, E'.yse G.
Sohultz. Helen Gray. Mrs. William McManus.
Ed F. Arntftrcng. Frcm San Jos* — Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Hubert. J. M. RockUnd. Mrs. L.
D. Hammond. From Alameda — M. Porter and
wife. I.. F. Davis. From Oakland — Alma. F.
Perkins, Miss R, F. Jennings. From Concord.
N. H— Mrs. L. H. dough. Miss Jennie D.
Clough. T"rom New York — J. Werner.
AT HOTEL EL CARMEi: — H. H. Bell. J.
C. Hodges, Mlrs Barbara S?mall. Mrs. L. Otis.
K H. Hountree. E. J. Brown. W. B. May.
Louis Demor.lng. J. B. Klir.sall. Mrs. C. Wil
der, Mrs. J. L Piddell. H. Hume. Mrs. Gil
rr.ore. H. L. Small. W. H. Moore. B. H. Dunn.
W. F. Nicholas, L. R. Haken. F. McConn-11.
W. S. Roes. Miss Wallngford. Mrs. A. J. Mc-
Csrthj-. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Miss M. C.
P.errx Helena Barry. San Francisco; J. C.
Hodres. J. B. Hur.ter. Los Laurel.*; Mrs. Wag
ner, Paul Austin. Dr. and Mrs. Sampson. San
Jose; E. J. Bruce. RIalto; A. J. McNeil.
Tracy; Miss Sms'.l, Miss B. Blythe. Los An
reles: U. B. May, Mr. and Mrs. Muers, Mr.
s-nd Mrs. Teylor. H. D. Nichols. Oakland; P.
6. Turnbull. Fresno; B. Alvarado. San Rafael:
Bt-mice Oliver Paul von Nundorff. New York;
J. C. Dickenson. Camdfn, S. C. ; G. Slater,
Banta, Rosa: Mrs. Moree. W. Morse. Santa
Clara: Mi6s L. Easterbrook, Washington;
Arthur Page. Belvedere: MIfs Leale Cox. Hol
!ister : Edrar Miller, Sumter, S. C; Robert
Bestiey. Mrs. C. B. Rice, M. E. Rice. Berke
ley; William Fu'.ierton. Denver: Mrs. E. Lerm,
Master P. Leon. Miss Edith Bradley. San
Jos.e: Mrg. L. Richardson. Miss Richardson.
E L. Southworth, Mrs. Southworth and
daughter. Miss A. Vogeli. Sacramento; S. L.
Krebe. Pittsburg: Mr. end Mrs. E. L. Ely.
Pasadena; Miss Tcbin. Vallejo; Miss Wajrner.
J L. Buell. ZAisr Gertrude Buell. Miss J.
Bally, Pan Jose; Mrs. MfMaster. Vernon Mc-
Maeter. Red Bluff; Mr. and Mrs. Myers. Oak
3?.t;d; Mrs. Georee Nixon. Nevada; M. T.
Cl:s.mberiain. Emer>"\-llle; George Adfierson,
Palo Alto: L. J. Buchamp. Hamilton. Ohio;
L. M. Denton, Orangeburc, S. C. ; W. H.
Marshall C. E. Dayton, Charleston. S. C.
HOTEL DEL MONTK: From Ean Fran
cisco — L. it. Bettman. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Perry
JJjre. Mr. and Mrs. Flood. Miss Carmen Sel
by. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Taylor. Mrs. Augus
tus Taylor, air. acd Mrs. F. W. McNear, t.
W. Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. Geoiee A. Newhall.
Mr. and Mrs. O. A. Pci-e. Mr. and Mrs. Rab
«rt Coieman. Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Heller, Mr.
nnd Mrs. FunkecsU-in and family. James Ir
vine. Mr. aad Mr*. J. A. Emery. Mr. and Mrs.
Kotfc&child, E. M. Greeuway. Auruxtus Taylor,
Mr. end Mrs. liobert Oxn&rd. F. S. Johnson
Jr.. E. J. Tobln, J. R. Nut tall. F. Trle»it. P.
von Neidoft, Mr. asd Mrs. J. Alexander. Miss
Jessie Alexander. Mr .and Mrs. Marshal
Frwik. Mrs. J. O. Lederman, J. B. Kimbtil.
Mrs. H. A. Williams ar.d family; Samuel O.
Buckbee. Warren S. Reed. Mr. and Mrs. A.
C&fcn. Miss Gtbn. Harry Cmhn. H. Wolf. MUs
C. J. Flood. Miss Muynard.
H. M*neL Taiiitl ; Mr. acd Mrs. Ctarles Burn
ham. Albert Mason. Mrs. M. A. EFrucue, Miss M.
K. Bers*. E. Ba&covar, A. H. Nelson, New York;
John Aacan. Robert Ann^n, J. Annan, Lon
den; Mr. aad Mrs. Stlilson. Los Anceles; N.
D. HUlis. Brooklyn; Timothy Hopkins, Menlo
Park; F.rr.e*t Wyld. Ge.->rge Wyld. Guatemala;
T. C. Tfaoralcrxft, R. E. Miller. Japan: Mrs.
C J. Win:sjr.son. England : G. C. Scleiver,
Drnvcr; Frank E. Rafel. J. Rafel, New York;
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Woodwcll, Mrs- Wood
n-ell. Chicago ; J. F. Crane. Mrs. Bchlegel,
New York; Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Turner,
Tennessee. S. H. H. Hellis. G. A. Woodhouse.
J. H. TrumbuiU Chile; William Cooper, Freda.
Cooper. New Zealand; Mrs. Relnecke. Mtss
r»oc!te. Mr. Pelrlng. Mr. Mollneus. Mr. Haskf.
Mr. Hemsdortr. Mr. Kniesche. Gerxcacy: W.
F Mills, New York; D. r . Carman and Miss
Carman, Manila; F. W. Ur.ger. Philadelphia;
Charles G. Lathrcp. Stanford University: Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Lcwman. Seattle; Mias Flor
ence C. Starr, Brooklyn.
The children— red-cheeked and \igor-
OUB trc?p back to school to-morrow,
and their merry laughter Is heard no
more In the woodland. And that Is why
60 many bachelor men and maids—
th<!» whose ears are not yet attuned to
the music of children's voices— are
packicff their erips and luggage and
taking to the woods, in -which they may
now wander at will, undisturbed in
their rambles by the intrusion of a
email boy— he who has wrecked many
a promising little tete-a-tete.
HOTEL VENDOME, San Jose: From San
Francisco — E. W. Clark and wife, M. W.
Jlllttt. Charles C. Bennell S. P. Schultze,
Miss D. M. Jeffrey, W. H. Hlndle, George R.
Vcvada, Frank R. Browne. C. S. Quick. W.
H. KInfr. Scott Elder and wife, F. C. Rupple,
Dr. S. Schwartz. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Taylor,
Mrs. Howard Ktlllman, James H. Jonls, W.
J. Davis. Maurice Casey. Miss Katherlne Dil
lon. Miss Patricia Cofgrave. Tobey G. Hughe?,
Anthony Schleuter. Mrs. Alfred Baker Spaul
ding. Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Morton. MIes
Throckmorton, Lieutenant Emery Wlnship.
Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Bentley. L. Marschutz,
M. J. Fontana. Mrs. C. F. Clarke. Robert H.
Hyman. Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Jacobin and
child, Mrs. R. J. Lewis, Miss Grace Herrick,
Thomas A. Graham, Lieutenant Frank S.
Burr, George Bowers. Mr. and Mrs. A. Rein
hart. Miss Flora Loeb. Max Loeb. Mr. and
Mrs. B. D. Merchant Miss F. CV>x. Miss Klla
Ptomsbuix Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Ppleker, Miss
Georgie Sdeker, Dr. William Moore, F. A.
Hyde, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schiffman, Mr.
and Mrs. S. O. Buckbee. Mr. and Mrs.
Gerstle, Mrs. Ivan G. Treadwell and maid,
R. A. Marshall. J. W. Elstner. Mrs. Callsta
SnauK'ing. Miss .Teannette Hlllman, Mrs.
Hyde-Smith. A. W. Porter, Mr. and Mrs.
George P. Snell. E. Alfred Bullla. Mr. and
Mrs. James Irvine. Miss C. A. Saunders, Mrs.
Otto Sohonlng and pon, Max Solomon and
valet, Geortre W. Phelps. R. II. Davis. II. M.
Jack. E. O. Regenoberger. A. W. White, J.
W. Hcgan. A. Oddie. W. M. Field. E. O.
Cornieh. L. II. Knoche. George Hanson. Mrs.
H. Currie. J. Hou*»man. M. A. Murphy. J.
H Willlard. Mrs. U Dinkelspell and maid.
Miss Kozminsky. Beulah Kozmlnsky, Julian
Ko*mln«>ky. Sol Rosenthal and wife. Alexander
Forbes. Horace V. Scott. MInard Gilbert. Mr.
«nd Mrs. Fred S. Gelrrlne. E. A. Hasson,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Olmo, M. B. Well. J. W.
Flynn, J. W. Ellsworth. J. G. Sorgen and
wife. W. F. Boardmnn and. family.
AT RIVERSIDE HOTEL, Santa Cruz: From
San Francisco-^Harbld Myer. Arthur H. Myer,
Otto Hausted, James Smith, C. Dixon, W. J.
Smyth. A. Stein. H. S. Hayward. Marion D,
Cohn, Dorothy C. Elberg, Goldle Elbers, Ida
Schary. Ada Weber. Mrs. H. Weber, Miss
Ettty Marks, L. Aucker, Mi«s Henrietta
Marks. Mrs. M. Marks. Mrs. C. -J. Holingom,
Miss Buffington, Jesse E. Lehman, J, A. Hol
ii;gcm. From Saratoga— Mre. S. Ellsworth.
From Orangeburg, S. C— L. M. Dunton and
wife. From Alvarado— J. M. Sunkel and wife,
Gladys Sunkrl. From Selma, Ala. — G. Bowln
Smith, J. S. Lamar. From Gloucester. Mass. —
Jennla Conway. From San Jose — J. B. Wil
liamson. From Berkeley— H. Barblcr. From
Oakland — Mrs. H. Dietrich, Waldemar Dlet-
Wch. From Stockton— F. M. Franklin. Eugene
F. Goodwin. L. ; M. Brown. From Monterey —
G. A. Lang. From New Orleann, La.— F. P.
Mcrtin and wife. " Fronv" Snn Frandneo— -Mrs.
J. Coegrove, Mrs. Raymond.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco— B. A. Benard, Judge George H. Cab
?i lUj U £> G - Fulton. A. L. Harris, Mrs. J.
M. Patton, Mrs. A II. Brawner. George P.
fuller, F. D. Monckton, Maater Moncktou,
Martin Schultz, Miss Lillian T. Scott, Mlsa
Jetele M. Fitzgerald. From Oakland— Jaunita
v. Dieckmann, Marie Dieckmann, Anita E.
Diackmann. Otelea V. Dieckmann, F. T.
Dieckmann, Reml Knight. James P. Flint.
From St. Helena— Dr. T. J. Evans, Ethel
Hanson, Edward Reynolds, Harold Reynolds.
C. Berrlnger. Charles Mitchell. Mrs. George 1*.
Skoor. Mrs. W. M. Eckert Jr.. Palo Alto:
Miss Wilson, Vallejo; Ed C. Gibbons, Paclnc
Grove; S. L. Sconeld, Miss D. A. ScoUeid,
Point Richmond.
AT THE TALLAC: From San Francisco—
Aiiares J. Clunle. wife and family. Miss Mor
ris, John Lynch, Sanford Sacks. J. K. Mur-
Pny. Annie E. Wetteran. Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Grinbaum, Mlsa Florentine Altenburtr, Miss
tlla V. McCloskey, Miss Edna von Hazen,
Mrs. I. C. Coffroth, Mlas Constance Coffroth,
Mrs. T. G. Hughes, J W. Coffroth, Willis E.
Davis, John M. Gamble Dr. and Mrs. Oscar
W. laylor. E. K. Lilie'ntlial. W. H. Beam,
Mrs. I. W. Beam, Miss E. Beam, Mrs. J. C.
B Hebbard, Mies U. Alice Schroth, Misa
* lorence G. Schroth, Miss L. E. McCloskey, Miss
•¥' Mc( -*»o*ktty, airi. L. Oreenwaid and
maid. O. N. Greenwald, Miss Alice B. Code,
-Miss 1.11a Cusack, R Guagenhlme. Rachel
Noorsanger. Mrs. C. T. Cacnot, Mrs. Charles
McC. Delaney, Miss W. M. Pike, Mias E. J.
C«rlinas. Mrs. I. n. Walter. Marian Walter.
I- ruin sian Jose— Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Grlssim.
Dr. and Mrs. Van Daisen. F. W. Crandall.
From Stanford University— Mrs. Charles G.
Lathrop and maid. T. K. McDonnel. Hemina
G. Lathrop. From Alameda — bamuel S.
Brower and wife, H. H. Henrlcl and wife.
Miss Jtnnie G. Painter. From Oakland-
Ralph T. Fisher Miss Josephine Harris, L.
hi. Johnson. *toiu Los Angeles — Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Braly, Miss Barbara Chrisman.
trom Berkeley— Frank D. Andrews. From
loklo, Japan— Mrs. Galen- M. Fisher. From
Buffalo, N. Y.— Mrs. Gratwick and family,
Mr. and Mrs. W. O. M. Burden and maid.
AT DEER PARK INN: From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. F. L. May, Miss Mary May, MUs
puma L. Clark, U. McShane, A. F. Corde*.
{'- Cotrcn and wile, b\ McDonald and wife,
Miss Louisa Brunins, MUa Edith Brunlng,
i !2* Huth Bruninjr Charles Burning, Ade
la de Bruning, T. "Hatron, J. Taylor, k. Cum
niinifs, Josephine E. Frank. From Oakland —
¦fc.ua J. O'Connell, Mrs. M. E. Charles, L. E.
Johnson, Mrs. f. a. Fisher, Miss S. M.
JMsher. From Napa— Miss C. K. Parker, Miss
A. A. Parker, . Mks Martha CalenUne. iroin
vallejo— MUs Eftla Hall. From Folsom —
Jamea Sklpp. From Tahoe City— G. AV. Bilss.
Jf. J. Hawley, Mrs. J. N. Hawley. From
iTuckee— J. jj. Llbby. From Redlands — Mrs.
tdwln Partridge. Charles L. Partridge, Miss
"• Partridge, Miss Louisa Lehman, Edwin
f-enman. From Los Angeles — Miss Barbara
Criesman. From Santa Barbara— Mr. and
Mrs. Danielson.. From Honolulu— D. W. Dow
set. From Pennsylvania— R. L. Reynolds,
l'rom Reno— J. \v. Carpe-nter. From Sacra
mento — Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Butler. From
Alameda — O. C Haalett.
Mrs. N. Kendall. Carleton W. Kendall. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Fletter. Miss Emma E, Ma
honey. W. L. Friedman, M. D., Fred Edge
w m^i. MrB * s ' s - McMillan. Mrs. Geary. J.
n£v Klnt * an - From Fresno— J. Ryan, G. W.
T&tt and wife, Edward Granz, William G.
Uridge. From Alameda— Captain O. Luder
«on, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Dana. From Sonora
— J. C. Gabriel. Mrs D. RJorden, .Miss- M.
Riorden, B. T. Lankford. From Selma— N.
Thomson, Mrs. Thorns* n. From Chloo — B.
Cusslck. From Jackson — James Maddon. From
Sacramento — A. O. Rader. From Breniwood —
Miss Roslo Lleber, Mrs. Christiansen. From
Llvermoie— George Icswitch. From Oakley-
Mrs. Zalda Peterson. Mrs. G. H. Prewitt, Mrs.
O. C. Prewitt. From Merced— Joe Mellar.
rrom Stockton— A. T. Wagner, D. McCoy, J.
C. "Dutton. From United States army — George
li. Rodney and wife. From Haywards — Eric
Runs, Apel Peterson From Llhue Kanal —
P. L. Rice.
land— R. A. Hogan. W. L. Huddleston. From
Hedlanda — B. W. Abbot. From Los Angeles —
Mr. and Mrs. J. Ingereoll. Master. R. Ingersoll.
From Belmont — I. Purdy. From Mayfleld —
Miss Ducker, Vida Ducker. From San Jose —
L. B. Klrkman. W..E. Graham. From Moun
tain View — Joseph Francis. From Halfmoon
Bay — Mrs. Joe Francis, Miss Henrietta Fran
cis. • Manuel Francis and wife. 'From' Sausa-
Hto— Mrs. Manuel Santos. From Watsonvllle —
John M. Shaw, Mrs. R.. C. Peters. John Camp
bell and wife. From Gllroy — R. J. Roberts.
Mra. Roberts. E. I. Whltlns. Master James
Whiting From Menlo Park — Mrs. C. Mac-
Donald. From Frwino— H. C. Sawyer. O.
Milias. From Denver, Colo.— H. B. Taylor.
From Tacoma, Wash.— B. F. Berry. From
Napa — Mr. and Mrs. E. K, Swett, C. S. Hart
ley. MIm Gertrude Hartley. .
AT AQUA CALIENTE: From San Fran
cisco — L, A Goetz. Mi«s M. J. Goetz, Miss
Mfcry Godsll. Miss Ajfnes O'Connor, Miss F.
Salazar. Mr«. G. R. Wells, H. Tauzl, Mr*.
McFadden, Miss Earlle. Mis* Peguillan. L.
Graeso William McCormick. Havlland Jones,
P. Wahagan. John Butler. Mrs. T. Bock, Mrs.
M. Walter*. Mr«. R. Likins. D. M. Fraser,
J. F Forster. C. J. Cummln$s, M. B. Mihran,
C. J. Determan. Mr>. J. Brouchoud. A. Brou
choud. P. S. Montasue. Mrs. C. B. Kervan.
Mls» Ida L. Ker\an, Mrs. Paul Rosslter and
family, Mrs. J. F. Donnelly. George V.
Mathews. Dr and Mrs. W. R. Lovegrove,
John Coltraro. N. L, Presti. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Hooy, Charles F. Hoey, Louis Levj-, Mrs. C.
E. Osthoff, Mlaa Tillle A. Osthoff. W. C.
Glmpel, Mrs. Charles Mayers, D. J. McLough
lln. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Dunn and child. Mrs.
L. Zelroer. J. Bernhelm. Albert P. Wheelan.
R. E. Wheelan. Dr. J. Bruce Clifford. Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Amidon, Mr. and Mrs. T. M.
Elmendorf and daughter. Rev. P. M. Griffin,
George P. Hiwes Jr. (U. S. A.). Mrs. George
P. Hawes Jr. From Oakland— R. Douglas.
Otto Kempp. From Alameda — Mrs. Mary
Clavitee. Mrs. Mary Parkhurst. Le Roy Kruse.
From Mill Valley— Mr. and Mrs. J. Zerznan,
H. D. Quinlaa. From Napa — Mr. and Mrs.
D. Schwar*. From Palermo — W. J. Grier.
Frcm Dayton. Ohio — Annls Shebebr>'. From
Scncma — Rev. P. Leahev.
AT LAUREL DELL: From San Francisco —
E. W. Hall. H. H. Connelly. Rae Oppenheimer.
Mrs. Bernstein. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Watson.
May Sellers. J. H. Bennett. Charlotte Bennett,
F. L. Skacgs W. P. Dougherty. James P.
Stevens, Wlillam Dolan. Charles Taylor, Daniel
Leahy. W. J. Pinkstone, Dr. and- Mrs. A. C.
Ruefson, Mr. and Mrs. R. Casmany, Mrs. J.
II. Temple. Mrs. Herbert Williams. M. D.
Green, J. H. Tempi'. Miss Agnes Higglns. Mrs.
T. B. Valentine David M. Willis, Mr. and
Mrs. E. F. Tarr.m. Miss Tamm, A. P. Brady.
Estelle Seldner. Erna E. Schoenholz. Mrs. F
Schoenbolz, D. Hertzmann. T. McCudden. Belle
A. Goldman Mrs James A. Magulre. Samuel
Ballinyer. Hother Wlsmer, Carlton V. Lane,
E. A. Bowen, John S. Waltcn, Mr. Myers. Mr.
Schneider, G. J. Panama,. H. Seeleg, H. Knop
fonacher Lulu M. Harris, Mattle Leavy. Wil
liam Hauser. Mrs. W. J. Wlckman, Miss Mary.
Sweeney. From Vacavllle — Herman Reed,
Barbara Reed. R. L. Reed. Mrs. R. L. Reed.
From EurekA — G C. Creighton. G. H. Crelgh
ton. From Alameda— Alexander R. Baum.
Master Alexander N. Baum. From Oakland—
D. F. Selby. F M. Dickie. Ffonk P. Porep.
Walter J. Agnew Miet Mabel Walsh. Miss Sa
die A. Kirk B. H. Dean. From Sacramento —
Lucy Bernstein. A. E. Pickering. Horace Mann,
Bernice Smith.
AT MARK WEST HOT SPRINGS: Mr. and
Mrs. Galpln, Mies T. Galpln, Miss J. Galpln.
Master Galpin. F. Hanah, Mrs. F. Hanah and
children. Mis* Burns. R. Mulr. Joseph Mulr,
Mr. Davidson. Mrs. Davidson, child and nurse,
Mr. and Mrs. John Saminl. Mrs. Rosenthal.
Miss Rosenthal. Sidney Rosenthal. Miss Golda
Meyers. Mra. Windt. Mr. and Mrs. J. Isaac
ton and children. Mrs. Ropencrantz, Mi>s
Pauline Rosencrantz. Miss Frances Taylor.
Mrs. A. L. Arper. Mrs. H. Herner. Miss Ethel
Keines. Mrs. A. Jacobs and babe, A. Jacobs,
Miss Lena Jacobs. Miss Fablanson, Mrs. Wil
liam Wankowakl, Otto Wankowskl. Mr. Kaiser,
Mrs. Kaiser. Mr. Schaefer. Mrs. Schaefer. Mies
Schaefer Babe Schaefer. Mr. Selk. P. Martin,
Mrs. Marks. F. W. AVagner, Mrs. Z Genln,
Mrs. J. A. Drussell, Ethel Anderson, Mrs. C
J. Anderson, Mrs. Herman Kent, L. Adel-
Etlne. Miss Frances Friedman, Mies Sarah
Friedman. Miss Belle Fried'.aan, Miss G. S.
Lanforma, Charlotte E. Johnston. F. F. Nor
ton, Dr. Otto Kunze, Miss Ethel Ellison. X.
P. Hclzhelser. J. E. Scott, Misu C. Scott, J.
M. Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan. Miss Lynch. Otto
Willwebtr, John Cunningham, Miss Ella Mc
•Jougb. J. H. Clalrborne. J. Cla'.rborne, Miss
riaiD'imc W. H. Jaur.jerij, Maioin Myer,
Charles Daley. Mrs. CharleB Daley, Miss I. A.
ljaley, ,\V. J. Home. A. Koerlter, Mra. A.
Koerber. J. Hansen. Mrs. J. Hansen, Master
James D»veni>ort.
ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
Miss McCormick. Miss McNulty. Mr. and Mrs.
Thode. H. Mullcr. D. P. Spellow. J. J. Reg
i.. in. I. Levy and wife, MUf Elvia Levy, Miss
iiathews. John Carroll. Wlillam A. Layman.
J. Sheridan. M. Sheridan. William Flynn. Vin
cent Butler, Frank V. Miller, . Harry Elvert,
William London, Mr. and Mrs. F. Stock. Miss
S. H. Stock. Fred Recome, G. Schonwal. Mlas
Minnie O'Brien. Louis Lesser. Morris M. Les
ter. O. C. Stlegeler, Otto Stiegeler. M. A.
Harder. Joe Ford. D. A. Dunlop, William
Dtniop. S. Strong. Lee Buckley. Otto Schuler,
Edward Doell, John Jarkeon, John Hagarty,
Henry Gersen", H. A. Elliott. W. E. Knowles.
Miss Hazel Knowles, Miss fctrome, Mrs. W.
Williamson. Mrs. Wbltmor*. Mr*. L. E. Frin
dle, C. H. King. W. E. Gaudet. L. R.
Kimber, Mrs. Ray Bennett, Mr. and Mrs.
Sacks, H. RIttiestein. Mr. and Mrs. E. Mc-
Coy. Mr. and Mrs. Hawkins. J. Schonfeld.
Gecr^e A. Dolan. Mrm. W. K. Plckrell. Mrs.
O. L. Everts. Frank Everts, Hurry Clyde, Joe
S. PfterF, M. Johnson. George Cooper, Mrs.
Cooper. William Colbert. Mr. and Mrs. H. E.
Harem&n. Mr. and Mrs. Klem, George Parker.
J. HHtmann, Otto Smith. I. L. Bevinoan, Miss
Bevinran. E. Johnson. E. Boreilles, V. Nell
son. P. Martin. T. Webster. E. H. Hall, Mr.
Keyes. J. Peters, J. W. Cba.se, K. Kennedy.
Mlf=r, Watson. P. Reed, Edward Coffey, J. B.
Murrey. I. Vftntripht. James Edwards. P. Ma
t^c, Joe Hcrrls, Master Herron, Lottie Her
mn. May Veice. Mrs. Hockinson. Mr. Kluber.
J. B. Miller, B. Devlin. Ben Carlson. Mary
Oj?den, <". m. Younjr, E. H. Shaw, Jam»? Mo
hoaey. Mr. ar.d Mrc. Brown. C. B. Corbel t.
Kit* TU-gan. M. K. Spence. W. C. Bump. M.
F. Ryan. Miss W. Page, Miss Twomey, J.
Dean. Mr Hastings. Alice Hasting?.
From Oakland — Miss Alice Russell, Mrs.
Ashby. J. C. Eastin. William Oreper, Jo£ Kel
!ey, Frank Brewer, I. J. Grace, M. P. Sabin,
Miss Ida Swain. Miss Clark. MIbs Moosey,
Jack Cook. James Colbert. William Colbert.
Ed II. Caephey, Mrs. Stare, Thomas Corman,
Ralph Ccrman. Ix.ttle 8t. Clalr, William
Skiers, Mr. and Mrs. Dorey, Mr. and Mrs.
Hall, Miy« A lire Dixon. Miss Lillian Muhe.
Thfin-.as Cha?HeM. , M. J. Lavrr.ance. I. F.
Bedc»?n. Ed Arohamheauet. Thomas J. Cole
man, Mrs. A. D. Willis. Mr. and Mrs. E.
Ivey. J. O. Butler. W. J. Isutler. Philip John
p^n. D. G. Dougherty. J. S. Sullivan. May
Houghton. Miss Armond. T. J. Evans. M. A.
Evans. E. G. Fulton. Adarrs rltiTR. Rev. M.
M. Miner, E. E. Burk. Georre Hayes. John
C. Doose. Joseph St. Clalr.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Fran
cUco — L. Crocker. Mr. and Mrs. M. Duval!,
Mrr. William flrawaid and dauchter. J. II.
Helms. J. B. Cavanaueh, S. Brizzolara, E.V
F. Armstrong, N. A. GoshTier, Ed Fay. wife
and 5f>n. Mr. and Mrs. Johanninsen, lir. and
Mr?. Jam's Markey and son. Mr. and Mrs.
M. A. Owens. Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Browne,
Jack Browne. Mr. an<l Mrs. J. K. Bryne. W.
A. Taylor. J. M. Cortello. J. O'Brien. D. M.
Krereton. Mr. an<1 Mrs. Thomas D. Riordan.
M:»s Murphy. From Wateonvllle — Mrs A.
AtUr!rt?e and family. Miss G. Atteridge. Mrs"
Mina- Lvnn. Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Smith. Robert
IT. Hudson. J. J. Day, Mrn. Flores. Andrew
Pv'.via. From Stockton— M. I. BetMncourt.
From San Jcse — James McKaeney an<l wife
W. J. McKagner. John T. Haltord. Mrs. C.
Lanr ar.d pon. From Tracy — Martin Lammer
and wife. From Salinas — A. J. Zabala, MIs.-es
Zahala. From Monterey — J. L. Harter. Fronx
Irineton — E. P. Werner and wife. From
Pujsro — Mr*. Luella Hudson. Freddie Hudson.
From Gonzales— R. F. Johnson. From Paso
RrV.ei! — Fred J. Blackburn. From New York
— Miss Llghton. James J. Justice. From San
Mat <>o — E. A. Hu!>Ing. From Santa Cruz — J.
O. Horn an<1 wife. John D. Boech, Mrs. Sarah
FoFbers:. Charles James Han«en, E. HIrsch,
Mr». E. Hlrsrh and babj". Miss Susan Mc-
Ante. Mrs. M. Powell. Mrs. C. Yale Mrs.
Clark. Mr. P.enpr.fin. A F. MUener. Mrs. C.
H. Edsen. Mi?g Wllma Ed»en, William Dixon
II. Roberts, Mm. H. Roberts. Fred Allen. Mies
Margaret Drlscoll. Mrs. M. Taylor, Mr. Berger.
AT ROWARDENNAN: From- San Francisco
— Mrs. J. B. Robinson. M. A. de Lqveaga. E.
S. de Lavcaga; MI»s Manrery Durbrow Miss
Harold. Judge and Mrs. John Hunt Captain
J. C. Mororg, U. S. N.; Mrs. Morong. Charles
M. Hunt, Mr. and Mm. Arthur T. L. Bell and
family. Mrs. Trumbull, Edw H. Klnney,
George D. Collins. Mm. MrCurdy, MUs Mc-
Curdy, Mr. and Mn. J. W. Masten and family
J. N. Rosecrana. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel f!
Pond. Ferd Frohman. Master IrvlnB M. Scott
Smith, Alvin Davis. M. S. Jeffers. Miss Ethel
Brlncard, Mrs. H. M. Hastlnjrs. Miss Hastings
Mins Ethel Hank*. Mrs. Alfred Kelly, Mrs. j'
C. Nolan. Mini Walton. From Oakland— J. O.
Allen. Mr». Gleln, MIbs Clay, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Bands. L. L. Sande, Charles A.
Sands Jr.. Mls s Hazel Oope. Mra. George W.
Cope, Mien Sara. SIgrourney. Mrs. SlKoumey
Mr. and Mrs. William Lynam Shields and
family. F. M. Hathaway. Alex T. Stewart C
N. Burrejl, A. E. Clark. From Santa Cruz
Mrs. J. C. EuFh. Mr. and Mrs. 8. J. Strauss
and family. Mrs. Charles M. Cassln. From
Needles— Mr. and Mr*. C. E. Hord, F. C.' Hord
From Plwimor.t— Dr. and Mre. # D. A. Proctor
Mr. and Mm. Edw Enps. Mr. and Mra. George
Sterltn*. Mr. and Mrs. Wickham Havens
From Berkeley — Mis* T. Titus. From Pasa
dena — J. R. Dillon. MIfs Dillon. From Cen
terville — Mr. and Mr«. O. P. Lowrie.
AT EEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From San
Frar.eltco— A. T. McCord. J. G. Attrldge, J
J. Tlllman. Thomas F. Chartfleld. Miss Millie
Grozeher. Jameg Drolise, T. D. Monakton
Charles Kalisky. James Drollse. A. Garneckl!
Edward Daly. A. Wallace. . T. V. Moellpr, , M
Ketz. B. Hanschlld. Charles ' O. Vlnscent
Ttoma* Fra«er, J. J. Dignan, Leon Cavasso!
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS HOTEL: From
San Francisco— T. M. Kelly, v N. Drucker,
Charles F. Kapp. Julian Hart. H. A. 1 Soloman.
J. A. Stephens and wife, J. R. Marsh- and
wife, L»on Blum. L. F. Trumbull, CD. Lalng
and wife, Chris Angellch, P«ter Angellch Mr.
and Mrs. R. Ipswitch. Dr. R. B. Irones. Miss
G. Burnham. John H. Wirthman. . Mrs. H.
Wltzeman. Mies Wltzeman. Miss Nathan. W.
Lareen and wife. H. M. Bryant and wife, A.
D. Carrall and wife, Mrs. Cameron, Miss A.
Houlton. H. Greeory, Jos<>Dh • Pendan G. • W.
Emmons and wife, H. T. Lally and wife.
From Oakland — Chaplain Wallace. U. S. N..
AT SKAGGS SPRINGS. Sonnma Cminty:
From San Francisco — Lee Franks. J. Nelson.
Alexander Levlson, Mrs. A. Ix;vison, Miss
Helen Levisnn, Mr. an<J Mrs. E. I/>rend, S.
Corstantln, C. Ccnstantln, Mr. and Mrs. Os-
S"«ky Mr. «nd Mrs. 'R. Curtis,- Miss Ki!ef>n
McCarthy, Mrs. A. R. Uttinpr, E. A. Rossi.
Rr.bert n. RdfsI, Hnn. J. Olia. Eiv^ns. H. I>.
Moore. Zoe Lfvicy. Ethel Levlcy,"Jif^ahd Mrs.
J. Blumenthal. Edwin Schulhofer, P. Christ
man. M. I* Cook. IT. C. Hazelton, Mrs. Otis
M. Tupp<?r, Miss. Hrlen Tuppor Mitchell Tup
jjpr. Leon Kahn.' Mi?s K. JIajrgcrty. Mlfs
Mary Ward. Mr. and Mrs. George Breck, Mr.
and Mrs. M. G. Bugbp«i, Miss Roslne Stein,
M!»s Emille Lordal. Lillian Lordal. J. M.
Brcyer. Mrp. Louis Meyer, Miss Sadie Meyer,
Milton Meyer, Mr. Block. Jack Bock, Charles
Lcrenzen. J. J. Lopirie, Statla A. Thomas,
John J. Moss. Miss C. Devany. Mr. and Mrs.
E. Wehor. MiRs L. R'mjy, Mr. and Mrs. J.
A. Cahill. A. Jarvie, Miss S. Jarvle, Miss Lue
Barbn^clata. Ml** Mary E. O'Brien, Miss
Vera Hawkins. I. Poly. Mr. Heni«. E. Becker.
Klla Sander, Louis Sander H. ft. Bergman,
V. J. Olivia. V. Mlcholovlch, Miss Mlcholo
vich, David M. Richards. Mrs. F. II. Abbott.
Master V. Abbott, Miss TRmm, Mrs.. Osbourn,
W. H. Ecks. S. Lulck. lire. A. Luick, Mr*.
A. PoIIhanmes, Dorothy Wolfe, Mrs. Louis
Bergman. Mrs. M. Chaffee. Mrs. W. G. An
derson, Master Walter Anderson, M. L. Cook.
Jumps M. Kellry. W. J. Gleason, E. Hoffman,
M F. Rusi«y, Eugene L. Duterlee. J. F. Peter
son. Mrs. J. F. Feten-on, F. H. Abbott. L. R.
Farmer. O. Aaron, W. F. Lorenzen, Colonel
Oeorjre F. Purke. Major Thomas F. Mullen,
Mips KaufauKh. Mlas M. Winter, Mrs. M.
Roderick, Mrs. C. Nunes, Edward J. Nunes,
R. B. Cooper, Miss M- Cordnza. Mr. and Mrs.
n. Gettleson. Miss K. Philllpson. • Miss T.
Furstenthal. Mr. nnd Mrs. E. A. Roberts, Miss
Gates, Mr. «nd Mrs. B. Gcttleson. J. Color
man. Mr. and Mrs. Scwartr... From Aetl —
Rr.bert D. Rossi. Emilia Gherin. Maria Rossi,
Ethel Husinir. Esther Rowil, Annie RossI.IFrom
Berkeley— Mrs Fred Snook. Miss Mildred
Srook. Mlsg Catherine McGee. Miss Mary Mc-
Oee. MIrs Olive Hampton. ~M\ra R. Sampson.
From Oakland — T. C Cooran, Mrs. T. C.
Coopan, Miea May Coogan. Miss Marjory
Ccotan. Miss Helen Coojjan, William McCartv,
R. H. Davis, Mr. and Mra. J. M. Page, Frank
J. Apnew, Mr. and Mrs. S. Llvlnsston* and
child, Alice Louise Bernstein, Mrs. 8ol J.
L»vy. Muriel Levy. Miss Tina Trouette,
Cliarlos C. Joyce. Mrs. M. Chaffee, Agnes
Pyrwr. Myra Hall. Mrs. D, Kreyenhacen. Mrs.
A. Keatlnir. Mm. II. Meyer, Miss Ceclle Meyer
Miss Phoebe Meyer, Miss R. Ftirst. Miss
Marlon Chase. Ray Page, Mrs. H. Buoovlch.
From Watson ville— Miss L. M. McCarthy.
From Healdsburg — Mr. . and Mrs. A. Block,
Clarence Young.. From Alameda — Mr. and
Mrs. A. B. Hunt. From Santa Rnea — Walter
P. Parep, O. Frank Leppo. From Haywards —
Mr. and Mrs. J. Olupl. From Geyservllle —
Mrs. C. J. Smith. L. C." Smith. Lewis Lobb.
E. A. Nordyke. From Santa Catallna Island —
Robert Pountherade. From Novato— Mr. and
Mrs. Lepoid*. ' From Cloverdale — H. F. Dom
me. From Windsor — C. A. Bostle. From Pet
aluma — Mrs. C. J. Hooper. From Bloomfleld
—Henry ¦ Hall.
AT, CAMP CURRY— A. C. Kuhn. C. J.
Kuhn, Gilroy.Miss Emma Jackson, Boeton,
Mass; Arthur P. Delany, August Charter, San
Francisco; Arthur M. Crane, Newark, N. J.;
Miss L. F. Cleary, F. C. Cieary, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. C A. King, Los Angelex;
Mr. and Mr*. Fairtleld, Chicago; Johann
Schwarting, OldenburK. Germany; C R, Flah
er, Oakland; Hi Loderburs. Coulters-Hie; H. C.
Visick. Brighton, England; J. Raphael, D.
Lowenstein, L. J. Kclle, San Francisco; H. E.
Myers. E. W. May. Pasadena: Mr. and Mrs.
A. F. Clarke, Miss Mabel C.-irke. Berkeley;
J. L. Kldweil and wife. San Francisco; Mr.
and Mrs. F. N. I'auly. Mr. and Mrs. P. Pauly.
Los Angeles; G. J. Merstng, D. Stanford and
wife, San Francisco; Lila J. Howell, Chicago;
Miss J. F. Rorick,, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs.
C. F. Thiele. Palo Alto; Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Hatch. San Francisco; S. W. Duhig. William
Morritt, Xapa ; Dr. C. R. Boone, Oakland; W.
H. Magee, Tuolumne: Mr. and Mrs. E. D.
Merriam. Fresno: L. J. Thomas. Riverside; J.
P. Hamson, San Bernardino; J. H. Speme,
Saybrvsh; H. Arnsteln, F. Altnchal, New
York; M. II. Epstein. Berkeley; Mr. and Mm.
C. A. Howard, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. G. M.
Cumming, San Francisco: Miss S. Lunny, San
Rafael; Miss V. Mllledre. Oakland: H. M.
Grov^r. Berkeley: Mlsa E. Rush, Sulsun; Miss
M. Winn, San Rafael; R. C. Daniels. San
Francisco: ' R. Irvine, Mrs. Irvine, Oakland;
Miss M. McCoy. Philadelphia, Pa.: A. Perry,
Miss .1. Perry, Honolulu, H. I.; Mrs. G. H.
Swindle, G. K. Swingle. Davlsvtlle; Miss S.
Wllconson. Minneapolis, Minn.; W. Glep^nker.
W. H. Kimball, Francisco; Mrs. M. R.
Danforth. Washington, D. C. ; Willard E.
Worden, E. Johnson, San Francisco; L. West,
Sonora; H. F. Peart, San Francisco; W. B.
Noble. Ijos Angeles: H. Ferneaux, Sierra
Madre; William I^ary Coronado: Mr. and Mrs.
H. W. Nichols. Houirhton, Mich.: J. O. Dun
ran. New Jersey; M. Candle, Mr. and Mrs.
W. K. Gould. Los Aneeles; J. F. Forbes. San
Franclpco; V.'. F. WinecofT. wife and two sons,
Atlanta, Ga.; Miss C. Hales. Miss E. Crim.
Chicago; O. C. MI11<t. Palo Alto: A. D. Stet
son, New York; P. Wood. Sonora; W. Lundy,
G F. Backus. Oakland; n. Thayer. San Ra
fael; A. H. Powers. San Francisco: Georjse W.
Powell and wife, Merced; Alexander G. Eells,
San Francisco.
AT DUNCAN SPRINGS: From San Fran*
Cisco— Byron Mauzy R. B. HolUngsworth.
Grace R. Hansen. F. T. Martens,' Bertha
Menger. Marvin Curtis Jr., Margaret Gal
lagher. A. J. Balney and wife, L. Shores, F.
S. Chadburne. K. H. Impy. William- J. Gal
lagher and daughter. Miss Fannie Keller Ca
mllle Rosenberg. G. J. Comeford, Charles A.
Schroth, Charles Lehman, Charles M. Dufflcy
and wife. George Stenger ¦ George Coleman and
"wife, Miss Alice Coleman. M. A. Gallagher,
Wand L. Relchllng, George W. Stamper,
Charles Hapmaler. R. Logan. Misa Annie Con
lan, Mrs. Keller. Stephen Otis. Mrs. L. M.
Buck. Maud P. Lehman. H. Alexander. Frank
Stenger. Mrs. Marvin Curtis. P. J. Gallagher,
Josel Stlgelhuber. Leon Levy and wife J. E.
Crawley. Claude MelUrsh Miss Blanche Balny,
Miss King, L. Cantell Jr., Miss Ara Otis. From
Uklah— Mark. L. McDonald, Max Rosenberg
and wife. G. W. Smith, Andrew Markham. W.
J. Flinn and wife. Lillian Rosenberg. From
Oakland — .Victor Flamand and wife, John Cox
and family. John Murray and family. Mrs. F.
¦\Veetphal and child. 11. H. Abrahamson and
wife. From Benicia— H.' Erickson wife" and
child. From Gait— Mrs. J. F. Gann and chil
dren. From Ukiah— Fred Englefred, Louise
Held, Mrs. W. C. Helman, Willie Schoasen,
J. E. Ho'.liday. wife and daughter, Ethel Hell
man. Kathryn Held. Harold Holllday, Charles
Smith and wife. From Petaluma — J. J. Dol
lard. From Sebastopol — B. F. Murphy and
wife. F. M. Martin. Mrs. fc. B. Towne. From
Frono — A. H. b.adngame. Mrs. M. J. Blas
insame. From Berkeley— Dr. G. C. Albee,
George Badke. From Jackson — C. Morelia.
From Alamtda — Mrs. L. N. Meads, Miss Nor
nia Meads From San Jose— Mias Meads, £5.
W. Gilchrist. From Brentwood— I. W. Gann.
AT HOTEL. CAZADERO: From San Fran
cisco— C. Donnett, Miss Sophia Barrel!. E. A.
Holmes, J. D. Boyd, Alex Brown, R. H.
Beamer, William M. Rank. William D. Harll.
L. N. Simon. Theo Plans and wife. Miss Anna
Mayers. Mrs. B. Mayer?, R. P. Grubl and
wife. William J. Williams and wife, G. B.
Barber, Mro. E. V. Graves, Joe W. Erwln.
Max Dunon and wife. David O'Brien. Miss
Bessie Allison. F. J. McCarthy, E. F. Colgan,
Frknle Mattlbon. L. E. W. Pioda, Misjj E. J.
Brock. Joe F. Champion, D. Bahnsen and wife,
Phil Klefer and wile. Miss Gertie Mayers, Mr.
and Mrs. Ennrum. Lester Fentress and wife,
*.. W. Blair. N. P. Vallejo, Karl Winkles, Mr.
and Mrs. E. A. Christensen and daughter, E.
*\ Merchant. L. N. Dikelman, G. E. Eecofleld,
Miss May Kellcy, ' Miss Grace Benner, C. E,
Tancherell, P. J. Sullivan, W. R, Kruse Miss
E. Chri»tensen, G. J. Jobst, Walter Mulgrrew,
R. K. Collins and wife A. W. Knox. G. W.
Halliday, Dr. and Mrs. J. D. YVnmrn. A. tl.
Lemmon, Mrs. and Miss Msseroll, C. W. Corle.
Mies May WoIIner. Marie Cullen. Therese Cul
len. Windtne Culien. Mrs. J. J. Carroll, C.
Carroll, Mrs. E. V. Long and family, Mrs. J.
Hallahan, Miss-Ethyll M. Brown, J. 25 Cohico
E. C. Lambcrtin and wife. W. H. Sailor. Theo
» w e ' W# J- T<llbot . J - E - Coburn. O. K. Lee,
A. Maglnnls, J. Rupert Foster and wife, J. S.
Drowing and wife. J. P. C. Schirster, Mrs.
Blodgett. Miss Blodgett. Mrs. Oscar F. Gtfnn,
Mrs. Orrick Johnson and son. Mlnses Mahoney,
Miss Lucy Fritz. M. Hallahan, Redwood Mal
hey. Arthur Malhey. J. Lennon.
M. A. Rapkln. Miss Alice EHxon, J. C. Hall
and wife. W. H. Cameron. Mrs. M. E. Hill,
Mrs. L>. Labrousse G. de Back. O. Paulson,
G. E. .Mlnneran, Albert Rollins. Arthur Kol
11ns, L. Kissman, Mrs. S Smith, Mrs. C. A.
Wilson, Miss Maud Wilson, Miss Evelyn Jones,
Miss A. .Kly, .Joseph P. Dolan. George A.
Dclan. Miss U A.. Green,- Arthur Byer. Charles
Troyer and wife. Joseph Ford, Arthur Bayer,
Gu 8 Daly. FYank Dudley. George Kills, E. J.
Strffans and wife, Mrs. 'J. CJ. Toy ford, A.
Jambrone. Ik« Levy and wife. Mrs. J. A.
Mahoney, Miss Mae Mahoney. Jack -Mahoney,
F*. Benson. Joseph Gibbs, Mrs. Pollard, Miss
Edith Fulton, A. C. Fulton, Mrs. C. A. An
derson, T. Reeves and wife, Q. II. Sandy, A.
Gur.nison, Mrs. William Redstone, J. F. Sul
livan, wife and family, Whitfield Sullivan, J.
F. Conlan. A. H. . Clack, \V. O. Hoyt, F. B.
Jansen. wife and family, Mtss LJIlle Sissen
vlne. Miss Ella Siescnvlne, L. SlHS«nvine and
wife, Koy Hugh.s. Dr. Edward A. Smith,
Frank A. Dunn. From Oakland— Mrs. II.
Matthews, Miss M. Cunningham, Mrs. II. J.
Matthews, Harvey F. Brunnlnjr, O. Peterson
and wife. H. RittUrstein, J. F. Hanley. G.
J. Looney. From Sausallto — Mrs. Katheryn
Whaley. Mrs. E. Ryan, George Whaley, Miss
Emma Thomas, George Thomas. From Bel
ment — Mrs. M. Hansen, Mrs. E. M. Otto and
family. Miss Lucille Otto, James Otto.
BACHELOR MAIDS AND MEN HIE TO SYLVAN NOOKS
. . J . t ¦¦¦,*¦¦ -•.-.¦ ¦¦ ¦ > ¦ . ¦ .7 - ... i «... ' ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 21, 190i.
38
PATRONS fS^ ' . - - {**- /^ PATRONS
Sojourning out of Town - A \ I \^ LJ • Residing Out of Town
Write uffo7.nythlng fl^l^Of CYW\ PI rtC\ x -fJ^hl O\Yl(\\KfCV\ We fill Mail Orders
you want. Your \JJ \\l%SM\\) |&\J VA Wji^ 1 \* • uponthedayofrecc.pt
orders will be executed _. . •*** ' 1- 5^ ot order, and send
promptly and KeaiHy ailQ Slitter StS. -^^^J^gjgSfl? samplesgbdiytoany
accufate| y- Store Opens 8.3O Jt. M., Closes S.3O P. M. * ddrc "-
Sale of Ladies' Shirt Waist Suits
AT REMARKABLY LOW PRICES MONDAY
(Third' Floor Kearny St.)
To dispose of all our Summer Shirt-Waist Suits, prices have been greatly reduced. Included
are, all the Lawn, Linen, Swiss, Pongee and Silk Suits that remain from the season's selling —
presenting, all told, an excellent variety from which to choose. They are all high-class garments,
in the cleverest and most fetching styles — on sale, commencing to-morrow, at these extraordina-
rily low prices : - .
Wash SHirt-Waist Suits SilK SHirt-Waist Suits
t 7-50 Shirt-Waist Suits, Reduced to.... $ 5.00 $i$.oo Shirt-Walst Suits, Reduced to *I2.5O
$12.50 Shirt-Waist Suits, Reduced to $ 7.50 $20.00 Shirt-Waist Suits, Reduced to $15.00
$16.50 Shirt-Walst Suits, Reduced to $11.50 $27.00 Shirt-Waist Suits, Reduced to $22.50
Underwear in Splendid Variety
. (M«la Aisle Kearny Street)
Everything that the season demands in the way of Undergarments for ladies, children or
infants, you can find here— priced as low as reliable goods can be sold for. And these three
values for Monday are among the best we've ever offered:
Ladies' Imported Lisle Thread Ladies' Spun Silk Equestrienne Ladies' Ribbed UNION SUITS of
VESTS, extra fine quality, Swiss TIGHTS, heavy quality, Swiss ribbed, the best quality Silk and Lisle. They
Ribbed, with handsomely crocheted ankle length, in cream, pink, sky and are sheer and light weight, yet strong
yokes and sleeveless; excellent value black; special - • and durable; fine value at
$1.25 Each $1.50 Each $1.75 a Suit
IMPORTANT LACE CURTAIN NEWS
Six Stirring Items — At Specially Interesting Prices To-morrow
(Second Floor Sotter St.)
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Scotch Lace Curtains, white or ecru, Arabian Lace Curtains, with plain net
ecru, 3 yards long, new designs; -. ftn entirely new double border -, ,- centers and handsome corded c . -.
real value $1.25 pair, at *!•«« effects; worth $2.25 pair, at $H3 borders; value $3.25 pair, at ... *^i
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Scotch Lace Curtains, in exquisite all- Arabian Lace Curtains, fine quality
ecru, single or double borders, -. - n over and renaissance designs; c - M conventional borders, plain net (J M
-$Yz yds long; worth $2.00, at. . . <I-3v' real value $2.50 pair, at **»W centers; worth 53-75 pair, at. . . **«P*
THREE SPECIAL OFFERS FOR MONDAY
Ladies' Gloves in Kid, Lisle and Silk
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Ladies' LISLE GLOVES of.excellent. Ladies' SILK GLOVES, with 2 clasps Ladies' PIQUE GLOVES, for street
quality — Fownes and Kayser makes: — very best make, every pair guaran- wear — with one clasp, Paris point
very stylish and washable, with two teed; colors black, white, mode, pongee embroidery, in tan. mode, beaver, red,
clasps, in black, white, mode and gray and champagne; worth $1.00 — Special slate, navy and white; one of the best
— exceptional value at at values ever offered at
50c Pair 75c Pair $1.00 Pair
Handsome Silk Ribbons, 20c Yard
(First Floor Kearny St.)
These are fine quality Taffeta Ribbons, so much in vogue now — those soft, pure silk Ribbons
that are so admirably suited for neck and belt ribbons, for hat trimmings or for decorative purposes.
They are 4 inches wide and included in the lot is a splendid variety of such popular colors as
White Nile Cardinal Cream A\aise Navy Blue Lilac Old Rose Pink Light Blue Brown Black
Your choice to-morrow, while quantity lasts, at the exceptionally low price of, per yard 2Oc
A Great Purchase of Fancy Hosiery
$1.00 to $i.50 Qualities Monday at 50c Pair
(I'irst Floor Kearny St.)
We secured a large lot of Ladies' Fancy Hosiery at a special price concession and the gain shall
be yours. The assortment is most diversified and includes extreme novelty effects in
bothblack and colored, in plain and lace openwork insteps — all are exceptionally fine im-
ported qualities that originally sold at Si.oo, : $1.25 'and £i.5Oapair. Your choice Monday
SilK Jersey Gapjf;^ Boys' Wool Sweaters
,-:..;¦•*-• ;-*v $1.25 Each — Instead of $2.00 • . Broken Lines at Reduced Price
(Third rHJoor Keirny St.) " . " . - (Third Floor Kearny St.) - . '
These are excellent school caps for the little girl. They . Decisive price reductions have been made on Boys' Wool
are knitted from the best quality of pure silk, in a large Sweaters — among them are neatstylesin navy blue, black,
variety of Roman stripe designs' and are trimmed *« i£ green and red, many in striped effects, others AA
with pretty silk tassel; real value J2.00, sale price 1 •<£«> solid color; were $1.25 and $1.50 each; sale price
NEWMAN & IjEVINSON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! Mrs. Hughson, of Chicago,
whose letter follows, is another
woman in high position who owes
her health to the use of Lydia E.
Piflkham's Vegetable Compound.
"DeabMbs. Festeixam: — I suffered
for several years with general weakness
and beariujr-down pains, caused by
womb trouble. My appetite was poor,
and I would lie awake for hours, and
could not Bleep, until I seemed more
weary in the morning than when I re-
tired. After reading one of your adver-
tisements I decided to try the merits
of Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vegetable
Compound, and I am so glad I did.
No one can describe the good it did me.
1 took three bottles faithfully, and be-
r.ides building up my general health,
it drove all disease and poison out of
xny body, and made me feel as spry and
active as a young girL Mrs. Pinkham'«
medicines are certainly all they are
claimed to be." — Mia. M. E. Hcgxison,
317 East Ohio St., Chicago, 111. — isooo
forfeit if original of above letter proving genuine'
ness cannot be produced.
More than a million women have re-
gained health by the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vcgre table Compound.
If the slightest trouble appears
-which yon do not understand
•write to Mrs. Pinlcham, at Lynn,
Mass., for her advice, and a few
timely words from her will show
you the right thing to do. This
ad vice costs you nothing* but it
may mean- life or happiness or
¦ * ¦ , 1-
JLet me do yovit*
Developing
Printing 0^
At Cut Rates Jmm
Although my prices S^kl?'^
are the lowest, my jJ3a
work is of the hp^r— jjyJyfoJSV"
grade. You can de- i^Stf^KylfiffS^
pend on it evpry ' uffiffl/ffiffif-.
time. Here are a rs^^&Ud^^X^
DEVELOPING : Vi>>, •^M(h§K/ J
Koll of six. 10c; O- J
toll of twelve. 15c afr'C' ' f>
PRINTING: iii - 'ti k ' /
Solio finish 3c to
Be; v«lox finish 3c
to 6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In all
popular «lxes. My usual low prices.
CYKO printing out paper. Trlnts by
artificial Uiht.
I »lso carry a line of popular sizes of
Ausco Cameras, from $5 upwards. Cam-
eras repaired at moderate prices. Mail
orders promptly filled
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS MARKET STREET, above Powell »t..
SAN FRANCISCO.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are remo-red by
MISS . I' 013 GRAY, formerly MRS. DR.
TRAVERSE. Donohne bide. 117© Market «..
cor. Taylor.rooms 28-29. with the electric needle;
Dermanency suaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m»Europeans have discovered that Pat
agonia is not an' Irreclaimable wilder
ness, and the tide of immigration is
turning that way.
Old I__\v Forbids Football
On the statute book of Scotland is
still an act passed in 1424. ordering
that "na man play at futeball." be
cause it is "esteemed to be unprofit
able sport for the common gude of
the realme and defence thereof."
There is also a «tatute against alien
immigration, passed in 1426, and au-
thorizing "all his Majesty s good sub
jects" to "take, apprehend, imprison
and execute to death the said Egip
tians (Gypsies), either men or
women."
¦ * »
Mortality of the single of both sexes
is higher than the mortality of the
married, and at all periods of life, ex
cept ages of 15 to 44 for women.
The work of compiling the directory
began May 1 and was completed within
three* weeks by 465 canVasser3, about
fifty more men than were employed
last year. One of the precautions
adopted to insure accuracy was the
striking out from last year's directory
of all names of persons dying, as re
ported by the health department. An
elaborate system of checking was also
followed by which mistakes in spelling
were avoided.— Chicago Chronicle.
"Which of these enumerations was
correct is a matter not easily deter
mined, but, as has been shown in pre
vious years, it is evident that either
the census of 1830 was padded by many
thousands of fictitious names or else
the census of 1900 was taken so care
lessly and inefficiently that in deter
mining the present population of the
city the census of 1890 should be alto
gether disregarded."
Charles J. Aabel, an engineer living
at 53 North State street, is the first citi
zen of Chicago in the sense that hi3
name. heads the long list of names. A
man of the same name stood at the
head last year. The last name of the
657,000 contained in the directory Is
that of Joseph Zywa, 4842 South Eliza
beth street. Last year one of his
countrymen, John Zyzna, brought up
the rear of the constantly increasing
procession of citizens who owe 'allegi
ance to Chicago.
JOHNSONS MOST NUMEROUS.
As lias been observed by the direc
tory publishers for years, the Jtfhnsons
are very much in evidence. They crowd
more pages of names than anybody
else and the Smiths come in a close
second. The Olsons, the Joneses and
the Browns are just as numerous as
ever.
"It is obvious that this method elim
inates the residual error which might
obtain In the use of a fractional num
ber, and the result should be correct
if the United States census figures
were correct. Unfortunately, however,
a problem is at once presented to Chi
cago because of the enormous discrep
ancy in results obtained by this meth
od when' based on the census of 1S90
as compared with that of 1900.
SMALJL CHANCE OF ERROR.
The publisher's estimate of the pop
ulation is not determined by using an
arbitrary multiple, as is generally un
derstood, but is based on the figures
of the Federal census. The process is
as follows: "The ratio between the
number of names in a directory in a
census year is assumed to be one of
the members of an arithmetical pro
portion from which may be derived
the population in any given year when
the number of directory names in that
year is established.
The estimate of the directory com
pany's population last year was 2,231,
000, based on the United States cen
sus of 1890. It is admitted in the pub
lisher's preface to the directory that
it makes a great difference what basis
is adopted for reckoning the city's pop
ulation The preface states: '"If the
census of 1900 is assumed to be a basis
from which to estimate the present
population of Chicago, as determined
by the ratio of directory names in 1904
in comparison with those ot 1900, the
present population is 1,910,700."
METHOD OF RECKONING.
The directory, which will appear on
or about July 20, will be larger than
ever, sustaining its reputation of be
ing the largest city directory in the
world. The increase in size, however,
represents the addition of but 3000
names, owing to the fact that the can
vassers have excluded the names of a
large number of unmarried women not
engaged in business. This process of
elimination, as explained by Manager
Smith, was adopted because such resi
dents of the city were best represented
in the directory by"the names of heads
of families.
As compared with the figures ob
tained by the census compilers em
ployed by the Government in 1900 he
will stake his reputation on the cor
rectness of the company's figures.
"The publishers have confidence in
the statistics gathered by men whose
life training has fitted them for the
work," said Manager Smith, "as com
pared with the results obtained by a
staff of political appointees without
training or special capacity for their
task. Chicago's present population is
2,241,000."
Let the members of the Three Million
Club cheer up and silent be the mouths
of the scoffers in rival cities. Chicago
has a population of 2,241,000, according
to the estimate made yesterday by the
Chicago Directory Company, which is
about to issue its annual list of names
of the residents of the city.
The estimate is based on the ratio
between the population in 1890, as
shown bv r the Government census, and
the number of names in the directory
of that year. This ration is applied to
the number of names In the 1904 direc
tory, with the given results. The in
crease over last year shown is 10,000
inhabitants, the usual annual increase
In Chicago. Henry L. Smith, manager
of the company which has been issu
ing the city directory for years, has
the utmost confidence in the reliability
of the estimate prepared by the ex
perts in the company's employ.
SCOFFS AT LAST CENSUS.
The convoy of the Ohio on her trial
trip will be the gunboat Annapolis, the
torpedo-boat destroyer Preble and the
tugs Fortune and Unadilla, The tor
pedo-boat destroyers Paul Jones and
Oliver Perry, which have just returned
from a cruise to Puget Sound, will act
as stakeboats. The Paul Jones is now
at the navy yard getting a supply of
coal, equipment stores and tidal data.
VALLEJO, July 23.— The naval au
thorities at Mare Island are making
preparations to take a part in the ap
proaching trial trip of the battleship
Ohio, which is receiving: her finishing
touches at the Union Iron Works. The
following officers on shore and sea duty
at the navy yard are under orders to
report to Rear Admiral Henry Glass,
at San Francisco, on the 2Sth inst., for
duty on the rial trip: Commander
Hamilton Hutching of the Annapo
lis, Lieutenant Commander J. H. Glen
non of the Independence, Lieutenant
Commander R. F. Lopez of the Pre
ble, Naval Constructor F. B. Zahm,
Lieutenants Arthur MacArthur Jr. and
A. N. Mitchell, Passed Assistant Sur
geon J. S. Taylor, Ensigns W. S. Say
ler and O. W. Fowler and Warrant
Machinists J. P. Wilson and Harry
Smith.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Non- Work ing Old Maids Are
Excluded, but List lie
mains Largest in World
Finishing .Touches Are Be
ing Put on New Vessel at
the Union Iron , Works
CONVOY IS APPOINTED
INCREASE i IS KEPT UP
Naval Officers I\ow at Mare
Island Are Assigned to
Duty on Battleship Ohio
Growth of Chicago Accord
ing to Calculations of Pub
lishers of City Directory
GETTING READY
FOR TRIAL TRIP
ITS POPULATION
IS 2,500,000
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, TULY 24, 1901.
39
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
DON'T FAIL TO
see the bezutiful
COURT Lounging
room, the EMPIRE
parlor, the
PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-
DIES' WRITING
ROOM.
ADVERTISF^rEXTS.
BEGINNING
TO-MOFJLOW
Seventh Annual Engagement Here.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY
AND HIS COMPANY
In Madeline Lucette Ryley's
LONDON and NEW YORK S_ece_s,
MICE
—AND —
MEN
(First Time in San Francisco.)
MATINEE BATPT-PAT O1T-.T.
IT A I r7 « T|Belasc» *: Mayer,
ALCAZAR _Trts=
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— I_<ST TIME.
MB. Wmri'L-SBY _B
THE FBZSO-TSS OF XESTDA.
Evg., 25c to 7&c. Mats. Thurs. 4; Sat., 25c to 60c
MONDAY. July 25— ONE WEEK.
WHITE | And the Alcizar Stack Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In the Thrillin. , Romance,
RUPERT B y Anthony Hop«.
Sequel to the Prison-r of Zenda.
HENTZAU Great C_st.
FIRST ALCAZAR PRODUCTION.
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY.
By Students PAUL GERSON SCHOOL OF
ACTING. First Time, Sudermann'B "FTUTZ-
CHEN" and Merle's "THE PRAIRIE JUDG-
MENT." Also "MARSE VAN." Seats sell-
ing at box office.
To Follow — SPECIAL PRODUCTION.
THE UDT OF LYONS.
MR. WHITT^ESEY as CLAUDE MELNOTTE
ff MATINEE TO-JJAT.
(a I I Second week of special I
m . r rnel^drama season. El- . _
KJ lnP mer- Walter* Company, lhp
b| lUb presenting the furtously 100
ft| funny comedy-melodrama
I TTjoststrucktownTT
m SPECIAL— A 3-round
M _____ bout between JOE PO- ____
H DESTA a.nd CHARLES
M rfl AUGUSTUS. rfl
H HUP N>_t — The season's nllP
|1 "^ great f Umax, « UU
i H {_ The Buffalo Mystery. I I
B I COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. I
TIVOUSSSS:
„ ACT OF THT5 TIVOLI'S
i A.AOI TRIUMPHANT PRESENTATION
lll-rj/ OF THE AMERICAN
YYC-fk COMIC OPERA MASTERPIECE.
DAH.M || Usual Tlvoll Price-nj
IVWDII^I II 25c, 600, 75c. II
II ONLY MAT. SAT. || l_I_*\/^T\
llSeata Always fellingj JTTlV/V/JLr
BEOINJIING- A TIC 1«?t
First Performance on the Pacific Coast ol
the renowned London and New
York Success: THE
TORfc-ADOR
With a i And the
TREMENDOUS CAST BEAUTY CHORUS
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
Matinee To-day — To- II |» f\ tt I? D f>
night Positively Last *>• Ve» O I. IV 1
Time of the Over- IT M M IT TT T
whelming Success, jj *¦* *»* -Tl w 1 1
TO-MORROW NIGHT— All Next Weak.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.,
Scott Marble's Great Sensational Melodrama.
| THE GATES Of JUSTICE
A Tremendous Hit Everywhere.
Brilliant Cast! Macnlflcent Scenery! Massive
Mechanical Effects'.
DDIfCC Evenings 10c to SOc
I HltCJ Matinees..... ....10c. 15c. _Rc
WeeHy Gall $1.00 Der Year
> Week Commencing TH13 AFTER- t
C NOO.V. July 24. |
|| LUSTROUS VAUDEV1LLEI I
c] EnsaKenrrit Kxtrnordinary of the Sen- ]•
I sation of Two Cuntlrcnw i'.
] Thi TVorH's M~it <;rar-«-'i]l ard Daring
¦ i ' Trarc.p pprforrr'-''. ] >
l| EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR i
! ! EVANS C"O-T_T__rGHA_t !
! .; JEN-nr _fiox_\-T_> ;
J. | In Th»!r N»w an>i r*ri2:in?tl Creation. !i
| 1 1 "WHAT'S TTTF. AXSWKR?" i 1
• | Th» Famous (irand ' »p»rr. Trio, ['•
! j! Edith Decker, Domenico ;!
I |i Russo and Sig. Abramoff j!
I i In the Prison Sp^n" from ''Faust." '
i :i MARCUS and 6ARTELLE I
t 'J Comedy and Xov*lf- Fkat«»r9L I
|!i JULIAN ROSE I
'. i ' Our Hebrew Friend. '
i I The Mysterious ZANCI63 ii
! |. "Two Mind.* V.'ith but a S!ngl« \
¦ i Thought." ',
\ MUSICAL KLEIST I
! !; Novfltict. I;
1 1! Orpheum Motion Pictures ;!
| ' Phowir.gr th« Latest Nove!t1»s. '!
i i ¦ ¦¦ —————————-_—-_— ________ = __ == __ |i
i \\ Last Week and Kmphatir Succenw of <[
! ', America's Most Dtstinttuishert Actress ',
;! ROSE C06HLAN ij
i ! | Assisted by LTNN PRATT *nd Com- ![
I |, pany. \
| 1 1 Prps*ntinir Her Moot Sur-c^Rful Drama- ','
¦ t[ lftt*. •ttu: a«:f; (>k trumps." i|
i ' Regular Matinees Ev»ry VVr.Jrie<?day. '!
¦ ! i Thursf.'ay, Saturday and bunilay. Prices. >
I 1 l*)c. _5e ami ZOc. >
j '
J Week Beginning Matinee To-Day*
II MR. JAMES NciLL |!
ii In Harriet Ford's «£reat Play 4
l|AGENTlEliHN|£",i
<^^^^*^__l_^ *r_P 4P _d_f% _f_f*fO J^^ JW& -_^__-Ht_.
CROWTJEp AT KVEP.T PERFORMANC__
By Coliin Davis and Frank Wjnnark.
"A LUCKY STONE"
Tha Hit of Tears. Funny to the Last Word.
Artist- who can't be excelled.
DOROTHY MORTON,
NORA BATKS,
RICE & CADY 1 German Comedians).
BOPP.T NORTH (Hebrew Comedian^,
EDTVIV CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
CAHRITY SISTERS.
A chorus never equaled her*.
Jammed with novelties and specialties.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Sa— le Popular Prices.
"THE VH1>.Ij OK THE TOWN" Next.
A monater spectacular burlesque production.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
_^IC clN. Steamers leave Broadway
I S<jZ*~~ *^S«\ wharves fpiera 9 and 11).
A^j^ an Franci."co:
/ */ T©*^_ \** 1 For "^etchikan. Wransel.
j ( V-bT 1 "!! I 1 Juneau. Haino^, Skas-i iv
I \ \V*_^/ ) etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Juir
VOX Vj ¦>OV - +< **• Aug - •"• '-"hanire t.>
VJ_sL-— _?Y/ thi * company's steamers at
Seattle.
'^ For Victoria. Vancouver
Port Townwnd. Seattle. TS"-nin-» Kveret'"
Rellinshans — tl a. m.. July _4. _». Auir. 3*
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska ami O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or T_-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ity.
For Eureka tHumbclUt Bav) — Pomona. 1 ::!()
p. m.. July 27. Aug. _. Corona. 1:20 p. m..
July 24. .10. Auk 5. •
For Lcs Angles (via Port L.o» Aneelpa ml
Redondo). San Dieno and S_nta Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of f allromla. Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ka»t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Siraecn. Cayuco-, Port Harford (_aa
Luis Obispo). Ventura ani Hneneme.
Bonita. ft a. m.. July IS. 20. Aug 3.
("no* uay. J» a. in.. July 30. Aujr. 7.
For Enwnada, MaKrtalena Bay. San. Jnse _•¦
Cabo. Ma-atlan. Altata. [._ Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. GuaTira* iM«.). 10 -». m . 7th eac* -i,>
ALASKA .^XCrRSIOXS. Season 1£MH—
The ratntint exrurslnn «teHr-«hli> Spokane 'viU
leare Tacrma. R°att!<» and Victo^a Aug. 2.
For further Information ohtain folder. Rt_bt
is reserved to chance steamers or sailing date<«.
TICKET OTPICES — 4 New Motif srom-
ft. (Palace Hotel >. 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlc-. 10 Market »t.
C D. Dl'N'ANN, General Pas-wiger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Fn*nctsco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
• ORIENTAL STKAMSHIP CO.)
fte*mers will leav« wharf. corn»r F*tr«t nn^
Braan^n streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA,
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe iHlc«o>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting a:
Hongkong with steamer* for India, eta. N»
cargo received on hoard on day of -tiling.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. August I. 1SV-»
Via Honolulu. Round-trio tick-tn »t red\»"».i
rates. For frelsht and passage apply at Crta-
P_ ny*a office. 421 Market street i-orner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
9CC&Q-C S.S.CO. S?L_r}l°E
S P. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samca, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurxiay. July _\ 2 P. >t.
S S ALAMKDA. for Honolulu. Auj. H. II A.M
S. S. MAR1POSA, for Tahiti. August*. II A.Ml
I.D.SPRECK_LS_B_OS.Ca. A2Ii, TiC_8tO_C3543Kir-
_!L Frsi2_t C_C8 323 GaT-tt St., PU[ 7. PiCllC SL
COXPAQNI- GEN-SALS TBAN-ATLANTIQUS.
_lrt_irr L.LNU TO HAVMt-pAKJS. _»_»_«
__jlini; e\«rry 'lnu!sd_y Instead o£ i^C ftVl-St
__tur_ay. at 10 a. ra.. from r'icr 4_, *___asl<
North Kivrr. foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. %~o and -pwari. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITKTJ STATE- A.VO
CANADA S_ Broadway (Hudson build!-*).
N«w York. J. V. F-GAZI * CO.. Pactic Coaxt
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fr_nc1«c_.
Tt«-l<etii -ot.1 hv *n Riil.^H Tfrir-t A renf»
To T7. S. Navy Tard and V_U«J(K
Bunr. it. J. Corcoran — Leave* !_ K, foot o€
Clay •_, north end ferry b\dg. — Week days.
»;S0 A. M.. a and •_ P. M.; Sundaya. ft :3a
A M..*tt V. M. Leave V_llejo — Ve<s_ 1j/s.
«:5O A. M.. 12:-') _nd i:'-ta V. M.: Sundays. S
¥ M. *"«re. 2Sc each way. Excursion r_t_ ¦.
Sundays to V_H«J<i. <Jlen Cove jtnj Martine*.
SOc round trip. PIPEIt. ADEN. GOODAI_U
CO.. phone Main «4) *S«tuniay «xcepted.
To U. S. Ha*y _"ard and Vallejo.
EtmrsL Oeneral Fri*bie. Monticcllo and Arrow.
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. _:15. «. 8:Sw P. ra. (ex. 8un.) ;
fcijrciaj?. B:4. r > a. m.. S:::0 p. m. Leave V_l!e>>
7. » a. m.. 1_:SO. 3:15. U p. m. lex. Sun.); Sun-
day*. 7 a. ni.. 4:l.^ p. m. Pier 2. f-*jt Mis-
fclun »tre«t: phone Main 1-OS. HATCH BROgu
WEEKLY CALL % $1.00 ?£B TEAS.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
r. j. atzzx-OT _ judce
JAS. r. OJlACll. ...Sllsper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JULY 24,
n<% FAMOUS
LL COURSERS
—in—
Open Reserve
CONSOLATION EVENTS
.JGBEAT SPORT AND-
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE EVERT
THREE MINUTES."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WATS.
Leaves Third and Townsmd atreets 10- 15
and 1 p. m.: Twenty-flfth and Valencia sts
flv» minutes later. Returning at 4:43 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mat-o electric
cars every four minutes during the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAV
*_3*_jmi_/_*\ i • t
Coursinc will bejin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until lha last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mlsslon-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which so direct to the park.
3OHS GRACE. Jud_e.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties Ever; Afternoon and
jj Evening in the Theater.
DERENDA AND GREEN; "MIKE." FOS-
TER'S DOG: SULLY AND PHELPS; CO-
TRELY AND VAN GOFRK; BKT__E AND
LOTTA TOBIN: HERSHAL STEIN AND
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TWO TOUNO LEOPARDS IS THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
• "WhMi Phonlns, Ask for "The Chutes."
SAN FRANCISCO -
BY AUTOMOBILE v
CALL c_©S^^>
. KOBIXtX CAKHIAOE CO.
GOLDEN GATB AVE. and GOUGE SI..
Phone PriVate ixrhan.e 770.
Downtown officer— Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. Fx»ncl» Hotel; Lobby of Occideaul HouL
A_rIUS__MI.NTS.
AMUSEIMENTS.
i Dry Goods *^9lSiS^ Company, 1
'5 Q
Qi __•__¦_—————— —B-— —————— ___i _______________i________—— ——¦——¦ ______———————————————
S I ========================================== o
O • _. _ £
<5 o
g An advanced shipment of well selected • g
£ novelties in .... s
I Strictly Man-Tailored Suits |
§ Artistically designed and up-to-date in g
S every particular .... i
| Comprising Noticeable Styles I
5 In broadcloth, cheviot, serge and the |
% favored mixed materials .... |
I All High Class Fabrics §
g Will be opened and ready for inspec- §
g tion on Monday. |
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
g Geary ted Stockton Streets, Union Sqcars- 0
ADVl_ttTiSl__Il_XTS.
AMrSEJIKNTS.
ADVEBTISESfENTS.
• ""^-i _____^»^ v 'y7' "**>_ •
§ — -v_^__ '*^^^___^>^ >:^C sN v\\\\\\ \h
$ ' _i_tlt_^^^ -^* -~~_— , i ili
d ' r.__lT 'iiiiiiTiTlT11Miiniiinimrn^-a-fi__
I Early Fall Styles
§ — Have Arrived, But —
f Low Prices Continue
Never before were we in a position so
% early to show such elegant styles and
| complete lines of
I Tailor Suits, Jackets and Skirts
| Exquisite Materials. Excellent Workmanship.
g —
§ Aattmin Style Tailor Suits at $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00
X Attttmin Style Novelty Suits at $25.00. $30.00 and $35.00
S Automn Style Jackets at $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 and $17.50
§; Autumn Style Jackets for children at $3.50 to $ 15.00
£ New Style Walking Skirts at $2.50, $350, $4.00, $5.00
8 New Style Dress Skirts at .... $5.00, $a00, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00
| New Style Etamine and Crepe de Paris $12.50 to $30.00
1 Last Week of Jvly Bargains
% Tailor Suits— Best spring --<_ summer styles it less than cost of labor on sale
§ at $7.50. $8.50 and $10.00
£ Novelty Suite— To dose at.: $12.50, $15.00 and $17.50
% (Former prices $25.00, $32.50 and $40.00)
5 Silk Coats to close out at $6.50, $7.50 and $10.00
« Children's Summer Jackets todose out at $100, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
"IfflMA AND HER LITTLE PETS"
ANOTHER OF THOSE PRETTY ART
SUPPLEMENTS IN BLACK AND WHITE
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
-MAMMA AND HER LITTLE PETS."
THE CALL IS SOLD BY ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN
NEWS AGENTS ON THE PACIFIC COAST. * * J> * J
PLACE YOUR ORDER WITH THE LOCAL AGENT AT ONCE
FOR THE SUNDAY CALL, AS THE SUPPLY IS LIMITED
PRICE FIVE CENTS A COPYDeficiency in State Prison Fund.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 23.— D. A.
Mdntyre, formerly a lineman, was shot
in the stomach last night at Bossburg
Wash., by Frank Taylor. Mdntyre is
still alive, but there is no hope for
his recovery. Taylor is a prisoner.
Former Lineman Is Fatally Shot.
OAKLAND. July 23.— The family of
Day Baxter, who was accidentally shot
while camping near Willows, received
word to-day,, that the young man's In
jury is only slight. Dr. C. M. White
of Elk Creek has the patient In
charge. Baxter is 21 years old, an
architect and the son of W. S.' Baxter
of 1419 Myrtle street. * .
Wounded, but Will Recover.
OAKLAND. July 23.— William Con
nolly has been granted an interlocu
tory decree of divorce from Mary E.
Connolly on the ground of Intemper
ance.
Divorced for Drunkenness.
OAKLAND. July 23.—Fourteen
year-old John Garis. who resided at
901 Washington street, has been miss
ing 6ince yesterday morning and the
disappearance has been reported to
the police. His parents think 1 that
other boys induced him, to run away.
Youtli Disappears.
OAKLAND, July 23. — George I. f
Brown, aged S2 years and an old res
ident of Elmhurst, jiropped dead this
morning on the Moss tract, where he
was employed hs a gardener. He was
at work and was seen by, two neigh
bors to fall over • "suddenly. <A.n in
quest will be held In San Leandro next
Friday. *
Gardener Dies Suddenly.
OAKLAND. July 23.— A horse
owned- by L, Hewitt of East Twelfth
street and Eighth avenue performed
a novel feat this afternoon when he
jumped into ' a basement through a
sidewalk elevator. Though his res
cue was doubtful and exciting, he es
caped without the slightest injury.
The horse, attached to a light wagon,
was standing In front of Mackay*s fur
niture store on Fourteenth street, near
Broadway, when he left the roadway
and plunged into the open portion of
the sidewalk. His fall was partially
Impeded owin^ to an iron bar that
etretched across the opening and also
to the fact that the buggy and harness
prevented him from dropping to the
floor of the basement. The elevator
was finally raised, the harness de
tached and the animal lowered into
the basement. He was then rSlsed to
the first story on a larare inside ele
vator and walked out of the rear of
the ctore without a scratch.
Animal Is Rescued From a. Dangerous
l*redlcament and Escapes
Without Injury.
HORSE JUMPS THROUGH
;- AX ELEVATOR OPENING
SANTA* CRUZ, July 23.— J. F. Dar
getz, corresponding secretary of the
Christian Church, reported to the con
vention to-day that the estimated
value of the church property is $411.
700. During the past year, 1400 new
members joined the church in North
ern California, making the membership
in that section of the State more than
12,000. Thomas Barr, the treasurer, re
ported $1S35 25 receipts and $1S2S ii ex
penditures.
Judge A. M. McCoy of Red Bluff and
Rev. W. M. White of San Francisco
were elected delegates to the National
Convention wtiich meets at St. Louis
in October. Rev. A. M. Elston and Rev.
R. N. Davis were chosen alternates.
Satisfactory Progress la Made During
rest Year in Northern Part of
the State.
CHRISTIAN* CHURCH REPORTS
INCREASE IX MEMBERSHIP
OAKLAND, July 23. — This after
noon the first pile for the new Cal
ifornia Yacht Club's new clubhouse
at the end of the Emeryville pier was
driven and a large representation of
the club was present to participate in
the ceremony.
First PHc Is Driven.
OAKLAND, July 23.—Representa
tives of twelve of the Alameda Coun
ty parlors of the Native Sons met at
the rooms of the Merchants' Exchange
last night to discuss plans for the cel
ebration of Admission day. The prin
cipal business of the meeting was the
appointment of an advisory commit
tee of twenty-five of Oakland's lead
ing business men. The names of the
members of this committee have not
yet been made" public.
I A committee of three was also ap
pointed to extend an Invitation to the
Knights Templar, who will be in con
clave In San Francisco In September,
to visit Oakland on the day of the' cel
ebration. The members of the Invita
tion committee are J. B. Knowland,
Dr. W. J. Smythe and L. N. Cobble
dick." George H. Mason was appointed
to act as clerk to Secretary Garrison,
; The various committees in charge
of the arrangements for the celebra
tion will hold their next meeting on
Friday evening, July .29. -c';:p
Representatives of Alameda County
Parlors Discuss Plans for Observ
ance of Admission Day.
NATIVE SONS PREPARING
FOR , GRAND CELEBRATION
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf is expected
home next month for a ¦ short - stay.
When he 'returns to Washington he will
be acconjpanled by Mrs. Metcalf and
later Miss Viva Nicholson . will be hex
sister's guest In the nation's capital for
a few months.
• •¦ • • •
Mrs. Dwight Huntley has been enter
taining Miss Bernice Harrell of Ba-
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Dyer arrived from
Cleveland, Ohio, to-day and are at the
Albany. . .1 . . : ,
Mrs. W. A. Dow and sons have been
spending the summer - on Russian
River.
Mrs. Percy Clay Black has returned
from a month's outing. at Guernevllle,
and has gone with Mr. Black for a
short stay at Santa Cruz. ¦
Mrs. Joseph M.' Kelley, wife of. Su
pervisor Kelley, is sojourning at Lake
Tahoe.
Among the guests at Giant Forest
are Mayor Olney and Miss Olney and
Miss Eatelle Lucy. .
». • *
ker of Berkeley. It Is situated in the
most picturesque portion of Napa
County foothills and is a very charm
ing place
OAKLAND. July 23. — The .Rev.
Charles M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church, has been in
vited to accept the presidency of the
Pacific. Coast Baptist Theological
Semlnarx- The institution will be es
tablished shortly at Berkeley by the
Pacific Coast Theological Union,
which was devisee under the will of
Mrs. M. M. Gray. The clergyman will
give his decision at the church to
morrow.
Invited to Head College.
OAKLAND. July 23. — Harry A.
Butler, 37 years of age. a millwright
employed by the Pacific Steel and
Wire Works, died suddenly at, 7
o'clock this evening at his residence
at 1212 Twentieth avenue. Butler
was a native of Oregon. He leaves a
wife and two children. The Coroner
took charge of the case.
Millwright Dies Suddenly.
Lathrop Pleads Guilty.
OAKLAND, July 23.— P. E. Li
throp, who had two charges of mis
demeanor embezzlement against him.
was to-day found guilty on one and
innocent on the other. D. Feed of
421 San' Pablo avenue accused La
throp of having. collected $13 50, but
only accounting for $6 of that amount.
Lathrop admitted his guilt on this
charge. He was also accused by L.
A. Cobb of having stolen a chair and
other articles valued at $7 50. It be
ing proven that Lathrop had a half
interest in the property the charge
was dismissed.
OAKLAND. July 23. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
. the' County Clerk to-duy: Oscar L.
Thomsen, over 21, and Carolyne F.
Krausgrill. 17. both of Berkeley:
Frank II. O'Farrell. 19, and Bernice
O'Hare, 19, both of Oakland; Harry
Penrose, over 21, and Elvira A.
, Northey. over 18, both of Oakland:
August fe'ilva. 24, and Louisa Cabral.
IS, both of Oakland; Axel Anderson,
21, and Hilda Haagensen. IS. both of
Oakland.
3InrrIage Licenses.
SAN RAFAEL, July 23.— T. C. Berry,
a resident of Ross Valley and well
known in San Rafael and San Fran
cisco society, was operating his auto
mobile after sundown yesterday, in
violation of a local ordinance,
when Constables Hughes and Ag
new called upon him to halt.
Berry failed to obey the order and
Hughes shot at the mcahlne In the
hope of puncturing the tire. The bul
let went wide of the Intended mark,
but Berry quickly brought the auto
mobile to a standstill. He was ar
rested and charged with misdemeanor
and released on $100 bonds pending trial
next Wednesday. He says he will test
the constitutionality of the law making
It a misdemeanor to operate an auto
mobile in Marin County after sundown.
Tries to Puncture Tire of the Machine
When Owner Falls to Heed a,
Command to Stop.
JIARIN COUNTY CONSTABLE
SHOOTS AT AN AUTOMOBILE
OAKLAND. July 23. — Local Pro
hibitionists assembled at'* Hamilton
Hall this evening for a ratification of
Swallow and Carroll. A n.n"rnber of
prominent speakers were present and
much was said on the subject of tem
perance. J. M. 'Glass of Pasadena de
livered one of the principal addresses
and among the others who spoke were
Rev. Thomas A. Boyer. Rev. George
Morris. Rev. E. O. Tade, Rev. Joseph
Peale and E. F. Dlnsmore.
Prohibitionists Ratify.
Those who have subscribed are O.
T. Owens, $150; Jesse Young. $300;
Guy Young, $150: D. A. Edwards.
$150; C. H. Christensen, $150; Paul
Sehmltz, $150; E. Armstrong. $150: F.
A. Schrader, $300; MoKowen & Mess,
$150; J. D. Collins, $300; Ed Gunn.
$150; Greeley Bros., $150. Guy and
Jesse Young, Edwards, Greeley and
Christensen are the directors.
OAKLAND. July 23. — Following
the raove'raade by Livermore farmers
a few weeks ngo, the ranchers of AI
tnmont have farmed a corporation for
the construction of a warehouse for
the storage of their products. It Is t©
be known as the Farmers'- Warehouse
Company of AHamont. The capital
stock is J3C00. of which 52400 has al
ready been subscribed.
start n Company for Hie Purpose of
Building nml MnnafffnE Their
Own Warehouses.
FARMERS OV ALTAMONT
FORM A CORPORATION
OAKLAND, July 2L\— .More trouble
has been added to the already heavy
burden that rests upon the shoulders
of Warren C. Stowe. who, in order to
earn money enough 1o bring his only
sister to California, deserted the United
States cruiser Deston while the vessel
wa3 being repaired at the .Mare Island
navy yard. On July 14, three weeks
alter his desertion, Stowe was arrested
In this city, where h$. had 'obtained em
ployment as gateman on the Seventh
strtot local train.
Now comes the news that when his
sifiter, Edna Stowe, 17 years of age,
learned of his arrest she disappeared
from the home of her stepmother, with
whom nfie has been living in Kansas
City, ar.d her relatives fear that her
disappointment and grfcf at the" arrest
of her brother have driven her to mak»:
awcy with herst/lf. .
Information of the girl's disappear
ance came in a letter to Edward C
Webster, n coufIh of the Stowes, who
lives at 1304 Eighth avenue. The letter
is from Webster's slater, who is now
In the East. She that as soon as
the information of Stove's arrest
reached his sister she disappeared and
has not yet been found.
Webster has taken up th& cause of
the young deserter.! He will brine; all
possible Influence to bear to get thi?boy
out of his trouble and If possible ob
tain his discharge from the Govern
ment service. He has written . to the
Secretary of the Navy aftsjlj- Jo . Com
mander Hobart of the Boston, stating
the facts of the case. He will also en
deavor to induce Victor H. Metcal.f.
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, to
intercede , In Stowe's behalf. Webster
said to-day:
"A few days after "Warren Stowe de
serted from the navy he came to me,
and after telling me of Edna's trouble
asked me to help him get a position
OAKLAND. July 25. — F. A. Durant,
who lives at- 1412 West street, an
employe of the United States Dredging
Company, was seized with severe
cramps shortly, after eating his lunch
at noon to-day and it Is- thought he
wus poisoned from eating strawber
ries. He became unconscious and
the Morgue wagon was called, but it
was found that he was still alive and
he was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where ha responded to treat
ment and was socn pronounced out of
danger.
Thinks Berries Were Poisonous.
In order that he might earn money
enough to bring her to California. He
said nothing, about having deserted and
I supposed he had been discharged, ho
I told him I w-ould do ali— J- could for
him. I also said that as soon as be
could arrange for his sister to come to
the coast she could make, her home
with me until he was in a position to
take care of her.
"The next day he came to me and
told me that be had found employment
with the Southern Pacific Company. I
at once arranged for him to get hia
uniform, and he went . to work. The
next thing I heard of the boy was that
he had been arrested for desertion, and
then the whole s.tory came out. I know,
that Warren's motive In deserting was
a noble one, and I am going to do all 1
can to help him out of his trouble.
"The life of Warren's sister Edna has
for some months been anything but
happy. Several years ago both War
ren and his brother Howard left home.
Last February her father, Henry M.
Stowe, died, leaving her iu the care of
her stepmother". Edna never was hap
py with her father's second wife, who
at times treated her unkindly. For this
reason the s'rl wished to come here
and keer> house for her brothers. How
ard Stowe Is now employed by the
Southern Pacific Company, and it was
partly through his influence that War
ren was able to get a position with the
company."
Stow*> enlisted in the navy at Kansas
City. Mo., on April 19. 1901, and until
his desertion had an excellent record in
the service. After his arrest he was
taken back to Mare Island, where he
was. placed in irons to await trial. The
Boston is now being coaled and pro
visioned for an extended cruise In the
north. She will leave the navy yard on
August 5 and will be gone for several
months.
YQUNO SEAMAN "WHO D12SEP.TKD FRO4I THE UNITS1* STATES CRflBKK
BOSTON IN OltUr.R TO FAUX 1IONKV TO SVI'PGKT HIS SISTER', UK |
WAS ARKKSTED IN OAKLAND. ANI> NOW THK OIKIj HAS D1S.* PPKARED. |
The Chautauqua secretary, Mrs. E.
J. Dawson. savs that the silver anni
versary has generally stimulated th«
work and that there will be 150 readers
this year, which will be known as the
year of social progress. The works
studied will be on the French Revo
lution and the German masters. Dr.
Thomas Filben, under whose ener
getic management this and preceding
assemblies have been conducted, says
that Chautcuqua work has progressed
very* satisfactorily and is now In good
shape. Engrossed resolutions, beauti
fully bound, were presented to Mrs.
E. J. Dawson, Miss M. E. Morton and
Dr. Filben, testifying to their valua
ble services in Chautauqua work.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 23.-Th
twenty-fifth annual assembly of the
Chautauqua closed here this evening
with a military band concert In the
open air and a vocal apd Instrumental
concert In the auditorium. General
Joubert exhibited hi3 pictures of South
Africa. .
Valuable Services .Rendered Pre
sented to Energetic 3Ienibcr3.
Engrossed Ilesolutlons Tcstifjins to
CBAVtAVQVAS ASSEMBLY
CLOSES WITH A CONCERT
OAKLAND. July 23. — Etta M. Rari
dle, 15 years of age, was the object
of a contest to-day in the Superior
Court between W. A. Randle, her
father, and Miss Esther Hoover, who
has applied for letters of guardian
ship over the girl. Miss Hoover
claims the father Is not fit to have
control of his daughter. Proceedings
In the habeas corpus matter di
rected against the Sisters of Notre
Dame Academy of Alameda by the
fsther and the guardianship petition
were continued until Wednesday by
Superior Judge F. V. Ogden.
Contest Over n Girl.
Among those who had charge of
booths, with their assistants, were Mrs.
A. M. Easton, Mr3. H. T. Scott. Mr3.
C. E. Green, Mrs. W. P. Fuller, Mrs. T.
G. Walklngton, Mrs. D. Drysdale, Miss
Jennie Crocker, the Misses Newhall.
Misa Lama Reynolds, Miss Gertrude
Foster. Miss Van Bergen, the Misses
Hyde-Smith, Miss Florence Bailey.
Miss Laura Bates and others.
SAN MATEO. July 23.— The Ford
mansion and grounds in thi3 city were
resplendent with decorations and Illu
minations this evening and society waa
out in force to further the cause of
tharity at the garden fete for the bene
fit of the Free Kindergarten. The at
tendance was large and it la believed
that $1000 will be realized from the va
rious money-making features in opera
tion, which means that the debt on the
school building will be speedily llfted.
All about the grounds were arranged
handsome booths for the sale of re
freshments, fancy articles, etc. The
tennis court was utilized for archery.
"Aunt Sally" and other amusements.
Pony carts and automobiles were In
service for excursions about the
grounds and streets, with many other
attractions to amuse and entertain, not
the least of which wa3 Canto, a sleight
of-hand magician, and Madame Es
telta, a palmist. The feature of th«
evening entertainment was'- a vaudeville
performance by the Family Club of San
Francisco, under the leadership of Roy
Pike and Jack Noye3.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Saji 3Iateo County Society
Tunis Out in Force to
Aid the Free Kindergarten
The trustees present Ia3t night were
J. W. Richards, who was elected chair
man; Paul Needham. Tho-mas Rickard,
S. J. Sill. Christian Hoff, Rev. E. L.
Parsons, Joseph T. Renas, S. D. Water
man, C. Engebretsen, F. W. Richard
son, Louis Titus, Thomus Dowd, C. L.
Hadlen, J. J. Donohue. Professor
Ernest C. Moore and Hart Greens
felder.
The trustees for the settlement will
find the greatest burden in raising
money for running expenses. The
property of the settlement has all been
given free of encumbrance by Mrs.
Hearst. .This property consists of the
interior equipment of the settlement
house, the gymnasium building, with
its sloyd room and equipment and the
lot on which this building stands.
Up to date $590 has been pledged by
friends of the settlement for its con
tinuance. The remaining amount need
ed will be solicited by a committee on
finance txTiSistlng of Professor Adolph
C. MiMer, Profe$sor E. J. WIckson.
President. Wheeler, Professor Ernest C.
Moore and Hart Greensfelder.
Three hundred children were mem
bers of the settlement during the last
school term. They received Instruction
in all the arts and trades. The insti
tution has played a great part in refin
ing the children of the district. The
teaching force is supplied by the Uni
versity of California, whose students
have daily classes.
The West Berkeley Social Settlement,
from which Mrs. Phoebe Hearst recent
ly withdrew her support, Is in a fair
way to be continued. The efforts that
have been maklng-for the reorganiza
tion c-f th.> workN since it lost Mrs.
Hearst's backing will probably b2 suc
cessful. A meeting of prominent peo
ple uf the town atid gown was held
last night in the settlement building
in. West Berkeley and the undertaking
was regularly organized. It is proposed
first to form a corporation that will
hjive control of the property and
finances and then to solicit enough
money to k*ep it going for at least two
years. This means that $6000 must be
raised.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center StreeU July 23.
Of the SSIO.OOO income for the year
$150,000 was a direct appropriation for
California Hall, the remaining $700,000
being devoted for other university pur
ptses. The receipts from the State
{hrough taxes amounted to $430,000, of
which $310,000 came from the 2-cent tax
and $100,000 from the general appropria
tion act.
Of the 57.7SO.O74 In gifts to the uni
versity $1,533,120 came from the Na
tional Government in land and money
grants, and $1,221,192 25 from Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst. Mrs. Hearst's gifts In
clude $599,875 53 for the erection of
buildings, the remainder being devoted
to the payment of salaries and scholar
ships, archaeological research and
many other purposes. Additional gifts
to the extent of $5,054,762 have been re
ceived from other friends of the uni
versity, $1,079,510 being for endowments.
Figures printed in President Wheel
er's report for the year just closed
show that it costs a tremendous amount
to run the University of California
every year. For instance, the Income
from the State, nation and private ben
efactions for the year was in round
numbers JSSO.OOO. all of which has been
spent. The sifts to the university for
the last fcrtr year3 reach a total o£
$7,789,074.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. July 2i.
Miss Pauline Collins i« at home after
a delightful outing o/ two weeks 'at
Willow Springs Farm, the summer res
idence of Mr. and Mrs. James L. Bar-
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin . W. Ehmann,
who have been traveling in the EaBt
for four months, Including one month
at SL Louis, will return this week and
will for the next two months be at the
home of Mrs. Ehmann's parents, on
Vernon Heights.
Miss Loretta Hanley, v.'ho seems to
be the center of a perfect whirlwind of
sociability since her arrival in Oak
land, was the guest of ' honor yester
day at a pretty luncheon given by Mrs.
Fred Jacobs. Miss Anita Thomson,
who is Miss Hanley's hostess during
her etay in California, shared the hon
ors and the other guests werV: Mrs.
Philip Clay,' Mrs. Ferdinand Stephen
son, Mi3S Bessie Palmer, Miss Elsie
Kimble, Mrs. Joseph Chahselor, Mrs.
Charles Page, Mrs. William Watt, Mrs.
Oliver Drbble and Miss Katherlne
Brown. 9
Fev persons seeing Mr. and Mrs. John
A. Britton without their family of
grown children would dream that they
had been married long enough to be
celebrating their silver wedding. But
to-day is their twenty-fifth anniversary
and they are looking back upon an un-
Osually happy married life. It is hap
piness that has kept them so young.
Though the Brittons are now residing
across the bay, Oaklanders still feel
that they belong here. They were mar
ried here in the old St. John'^s Episcopal
Church, thnt has now been superseded
by a more modern structure. Here
their little family came Into being and
here jt was that their eldest daughter.
Florence, was married last winter to
Walter Kellogg.
Mrs. Britton was formerly MIfs Flor
ence Mitchell Van Eastiand, and her
father was president of the gas com
pany for which, at the time of their
marriage, Mr. Britten waa a collector.
Mr. Britton is now himself president of
the same corporation r.nd highly .es
teemed by all who know him. '
• • •
Five hundred promises to be the fa
vored card girae again this winter, with
bridge a close second. Miss Nicholson
gave a luncheon yesterday, and after
the menu had been daintily discussed
the puests devoted Ihelr attention to
five hundred. In the set to which the
Nicholson girls belong all are five hun
dred enthusiasts and they rarely meet'
without a g-aane. Yesterday Mrs. Ver
non Waldron and Mrs. James Tyson
were the prize winners, and the other
guests were: Mrs. Oscar Fitzalart Long,
Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Mrs. John Met
ralf of Sari Francisco. Mrs. J. D. Barne
son. Mm J. Loran Pease. Mrs. George
Gross, Mrs. Wickbam Havens, Mrs.
Edward W. Engs, Mrs. D. A. Proctor,
Mr«. Newton Koser, Mrs. I. Emmet
Nicholson, Mrs.' James P. H. Dunn,
Mrs. Albert- Long. Miss Belle Nicholson
and Mrs. B. M. Nicholson.
OAKLAND, July 23.-- Now. that Mi?s
Edith Selby, who has been quite ill, is
convalescent, friends ef the family are
beginning: to rlan little welcome home
affairs for Misses Florence and Coralie
Selby, who recently returned after a
long absence in New York and Europe.
The Selby gir!s are no less popular than
their handsome mother, and th?y will
without doubt be the motif for^ some of
the smartest affairs of the winter. Mrs.
Harry East Miller was hostess yester
day at the initial event In honor* of the
returned travelers, and. as may be ex
pected when Mrs! Miller entertains. It
was a drtirrhtful affair. Just a few old
friends were invited in and they en-
Joyed a cup of tea while the Misses
Selby, in their own merry fashion, gave
many an interesting reminiscence of
their travels and experiences while
away. Among those who enjoyed the
afternoon were: Mrs. Harrison Clay,
Miss Laura Prather, Miss Annie Miller,
Miss Carrie Havens, Mr?. George
Sterett Wheaton, Miss Bessie Palmer,
Miss Elizabeth McNear, Miss Georgia
Shanklin, Mrs. Frederick K. Mapee,
Mrs. Oscar Fitzalan Long, Mrs. Edson
Adan*£, aiis3 Viva Nicholson. Miss
Barker. Miss Mona Crellin, Mrs. Rob
ert M. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Baldwin and
Miss Brown.
By Zoc Green "Undcllffc.
iiUsgmg a pnotograph <if her lever,
Bertha Milton was taken to the insane
ward of the Receiving Hospital this
afternoon for fear th-it in n lit of des
pondency she misht commit suicide.
The churse wes'sMtorn to by Rudolph
Jaeger, her 'brother-tn-lav. living at
16^5 Chestnut street. Last night, -he
Elates,, she tried to tli.<-.v herself out
of a window a:;d \va* caught Just in
time. He attributes her -melancholy to
the fact that O. Aebe. who conducts a.
liquor etore on Keainy ;trcet Iv. San
Francisco, lias deserted Ivkt.
According to the friends ,*6f the girl
she would sit fc-r houis fcoISttiis the
picture c-f her lover. She : ucked H as
a mother her child and the:: ehe would
assert that he was asletp and requtst
the family to make no noise as the did
not want to awaken him. £h? has"been
receiving the attentions of Aebe for
some time, but lately lie quit jolng tc
the house. She is 30 years of age and
took the discontinuance ef Aebe's vis
its ereatlv to hpnrt
PLAN WHUJOMES
Oakland Office San Fr^ncIscojCall,
1016 Broad wry, July 2S.
While Deranged She At
tempts to Jump Out of ;r
Window — Now in- Custody
Putnam's actions had been such of
late, that his wife feartd to live with
him. They were married twelve years
ago at Placerville and had lived at
Boca and Truckee. He had been su
perintendent of an ice plant at Ice
land, Cal. Of late, however, Putnam
had been acting strangely. He was
very profane and flew into/violent fits
of anger. Mrs. Putnam finally be
came afraid he might do her or the
children violence and took the step
the did to get a separation. He had
often threatened to commit suicide.
She was heartbroken when she heard
of what her husband* had done and
followed him to the hospital, calling
upon him not to die, but to come back
to her again. Putnam leaves property
to the value of 55000, besides a life
Insurance policy.
Putnam yesterday went to B. P.
Woolner. Mrs. Putnam's attorney, and
intimated that he might end his own
life.
"Carrie: Forgive me for this act.
God will reward you for your good
ness. .You must try and get the in
surance. I think you will get it all
right. I hope co. ' Good-by, the last
time. Let the children forget me If
they will. A. P."
Good-by. • A. PUTNAM."
Before taking the fatal potion,
however. Putnam wrote another let
ter, in which he asksd the forgiveness
of hie wife for what he was about to
do and told hen. to let the children
forget him if they could. It reads as
follows:
"P. S. — You want to let R. F. Jack
e'_t. know your address so he will not
b&ve £ny ercuse for no-t paying you.
everybody's friendship and the love of
my v.-jfe and children. So I will bid
you all guod-by, with kicsea. The I. O.
O. F. will bury me. May God be good
to you all. ALBERT PUTNAM.
"My dear wife and babies— I find that
I am a failure in every respect. I am
CO pood whatever, only to throw away
v.hat little we have and make every
body unhappy. So I will cross the
river and see what then: is over there.
The way I have acted here I have lost
The letters tell their own story and
rhuw that while he knew he had done
wrong he eeemingly had not been able
to control himself at the times when
he abused his wife ar.d frightened her.
The first one is as fellows:
"Oakland. Cal., July 22.
It is not known at what hour Put
ram took the poison. The letters were
dated July 22 and it is thought that
probably he had finished writing them
before midnight. What time elapsed
after he finished his writing before he
took the poison is uncertain. As soon
as he vas found a call was sent In for
th» police patrol and he was hurried
to '.he Receiving Hospital, where Stew
ard Harry Borchert immediately set to
v.ork to do what he could to save the
man** life. The effects of the drug,
however, had gone too far and after
lingering until the afternoon Putnam
died.
Putnam was served with a co-py of
the complaint yestcrv'uiy cad during the
day his wife left their home and taking
their two children, a girl and a boy ot
r.ine ard seven years respectively,
F'ept at a neighbor's house not far
away. She v. as fearful, however, of
the effect her act might have upon him
end at 6 o'clock this morning sent over
to ihe house to t-ee bow he war;. Her
fears were fully justified. Putnam was
found lying on a bed in an uncon
scious condition. By his side was an
empty lx>t!le labeled ""carbolic acid."
Because his -wife. Carrie L. Putnam,
began an action for divorce against
him. Albert Putnam of 1C67 Market
Etreet took a dore of ca: belie acid
tome time last night and died at the
receiving; Hospital this afternoon
nbout 4 o'clock. The Icza of his wife's
affection and tho trouble he had
brought upon her and their two chil
dren made him believe that he was a.
menace to them as well as to himself.
Ar expreer«d 'n two notes, which he
left, explaining the reason for his act,
he. felt himself an outcast.
__ — «
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Eroadw&y. July 23.
Terrified at the Result of
Her Action Woman Cries
for Him to Come Back
Friends Find It Necessary
to ttaise- $6000 Before
It Can Be Continued
Mrs. Hearst's Benefactions
Amount to Nearly Million
and a Quarter Dollars
DBIXKS CAKBOLIC ACID
Albert Putnam Takes' His
Life When He Learns That
His Wife Is to Leave Him
TJUES TO KILL HERSELF
Bertha Milton Clings to
Photograph of Saloon Man
Who Had Won Her Heart
HEAHST All) STOPPED
Trustees to Take Hold of
the West Berkeley .Social
Settlement and Kim It
LAKGE SUMS ABE GIVEN'
President Wheeler tile*
Fiscal Keport CoitamiSg
Sonic Interesting Wat a
DIVORCE SUIT
CAUSES DEATH
HOPE TO KEEP
WORK MOVING
CARDEN FETE
IS A SUCCESS
DRIVEN INSANE
BY DESERTION
STOWE'S SISTER, FOR WHOM
HE LEFT NAVY, IS MISSING
Young Sailor, Who Deserted in Order to Earn Money to Bring
Girl From Her Kmsas Home and Who Is Imprisoned at
• Mare Island, Receives Nsws That She Cannot Be Found
WHAT IT COSTS
TORUN VARSITY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, IDQi.
> OAKLAND, July 23.-~Dr. D. D.
Crowley has been « appointed district
surgeon of the Santa Fe .Railroad,
wlth-headquarters In this-clty. r •
Railroad Surgeon Named.
SACRAMENTO, July 23.— H. Han
over of VisaJIa.. while crosslns the
bridge over the Truckee River be
tween Flor'ston -nd Verdi. Nev., was
atruck'by a train and killed.
Struck and Killed by a Train.
BERKELEY, July 28. — The body
of Jackson Spires, who died from
heart disease superinduced by alcohol
ism, waa shipped to-day to Woodland
for Interment An inquest will be
i-eld Wednesday evening. ,
Spires' Body Shipped.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Acting Mayor
A. H. Elliot and City Engineer F. C.
Turner, sitting as, a Board of Public
Works, this morning awarded the con
tract for installing the heating sys
tem in the High School, to W. Mor
gan £c Co. The amount of the bid was
13974. ' ' ¦*^?
Heater Contract Awarded.
OAKLAND, July 23. — L. E. Brack
ett this afternoon caused the arrest of
J. H. Montgomery on a charge of mis
demeanor embezzlement .After the
prisoner had been released on $30
cash, bail the matter was fixed up be
tween the 'two men and It is doubtful
if prosecution will follow. The amount
i»volved is small. ,
Accuser Relents.
SACRAMENTO. July 23. — The State
Bpard of Prison Directors held a
meeting with the State Board of Ex
aminers this afternoon at which the
creation of a deficiency for $30,000
was discussed. It was decided to take
no action until Governor Pardee re
turns. It developed at the meeting
that there is a deficit of $3500 for the
current month and that it will take
$90,000 to run the institution until
the Legislature meets.
40
OAKLAND.
101 C Broadway-
Telephone Main 1CS3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Ahmicdn 550.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF. TILE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYNET7 TORK. July 23.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady: July, 10.20c; August. 10 25c-
September. 9.73c; October, O.HOc; December'
9.38c; January. fl.Blc: March. 3.63c. ' '
Futures clcsed Una: July, 10.32c; August
10.31c; September. S.89c; October. 0.70c; No^
vember. 9.83c: December, 0.66c; January. 0.70c-
February. 0.71c; March. 3.73c.
Spot dosed quiet: middling uplands, lO.OCc;
middling gulf. 11.15c; aales. 213 bales.
NevJ York Cotton Market.
The fruit market rras active durlag the early
trade, as local dealers wer» purchasing freely
for Sunday requirements, and a good inquiry
was noted for sound, wetl-naeked stock for
shipment on tie Pueet Sound steamer sailing
to-day. But. with supplies of most kinds ex
cessive and th* principal boat with fresh sup
plies from the river districts several hours late,
the market was far from being cleaned up at
the closa. The belated river boat brought h«avy
con*larnments of Bartiett Peara and large lines
cf Peaches in ba«k»ts. ,The latter had to be
sold at lower prices, and there was a heavy
surplus ¦ unsold at the close. The canners were
still In the market for Apricots and green
varietl«s of. Plums at the previously quoted
rates, and were paying *30 per ton for the
best Bartiett Pears and 33c to 80c per box for
culls and -wind falls. Occasional' sales of strict
ly fancy Gravensteln Apples in four-tier boxes
were reported at a slight premium, but the
general- market was decidedly weak at the
familiar quotations. Figs continued firm under
light receipts and Melons were ta good request
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT — Paris futures were higher and
Liverpool futures lower. La Petite Journal
of Pari3 estimates the French crop at 325.000.-
C00 bushels, and this U considered as reliable
authority as it Is possible to get. With 60.0OO.
000 bushels taft over. Franca will have ail the
Wheat It wants the balance of the year.
Chicago was about lc lower. Minneapolis
reported the Flour demand light and the
wenther la the Northwest fine. A crop of
70,000,000 bushels for Kansas was confirmed.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. said: "Fine weather everywhere, lower
cao!c8, more uaci3c political news and Iarxa
receipts are the causes of the weaker tendency
displayed In our market to-day. Thare was
some speculative buying- toward the dose on
the rumor that further ships had been seised
by the Russian t volunteer fleet, bnt as this
is explained by the "fact that Instructions from
the Russian Government had not yet reached
them.' it had no particular significance. 'Cash
markets here and In the Southwest are alt
sharply lower. Tliere la a moderate demand
from mills fcr the best grade or wheat, bnt
Wheat and Other Grains.
NETT TORK. July 23.— There was a moder
ate demand from consumers to meet immediate
requirements, but the business reported ia all
nv>rsl markets was of Saturday's dullness.'
The tia market -was steady; snot, 27.50®
Ccpper not offered freely and la coed de
mand. Lake 12.62U@i2.87Uc; electrolytic
12.62U@12.75c: casting 12.374@12.50c.
Lead quiet and eteady; spot, 4.20@l.25e.
Spelter firm, demand light; spot 4.85@4.05c.
The iron market was rather unssttied with
prices unchanged.
Nczv York Metal Market,
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 W5H
Eterltng Exchange, sight — 4 87=i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 f8%
XCew Yortc Exchange, sight...... — 074
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 10 '
Silver, per ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 48 © 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico ZiB
Berlin on London 20.45
Paris en London 25.24
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch. 24fl27e for fair to choice;
store. l0t?21c; Eastern. 20<tJ224c for firsts
and 17013c for seconds.
CHEESE — 9«J94c for choice mild new and
*5S4c for lower grades; Tcung Americas, 11©
114c: Ea«em 10**1.V- Utah. I2c per lb.
All prices stood about the azme yesterday.
Butt-er. Cheese and E*zs were aJl In liberal
supply and easy, with dealers still complaining
of the dullness of trade. The; receipts of But
ter havt been remarkably large during the past
week, averaging over lCfO boxes a day. but
thote cf Effrs have shown a tendency to fall
off sllshtly. Some houses are still storiag
Butter, being unabte to sell rt.
Reee'rU were 1CO.500 lbs Butter. 1370 cas?s
Eg=s and 51C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamer*, at first hands. 20Q21c
for extras and 19c for firsts: dairy. 17913c:
store Butter. IWi-Cc: Eastern creamery. 19\-CQ
20c: EaBturn. ladle-packed. 14 ; 8154<; per ibT
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUGAR— The Western Sujrar Refining Com
pany quotes. as follows, per lb, la ICO-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and b'a*r Crusaetl. «J.n6c:
Powdered. 5.30c; Candy Gr*n'ilat«<l. 5.00c; Dry
Granulated, an*. -VsCc: Dry Graauiated. coarse
5.80c; Fruit Gramilate«I. 5.30c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bars only). : Confectioners*
A. 5-SOc; Magnolia A. 5.40c: Extra C 3.30c:
Golden C. 5.2CC; "[).** 3.10c: barrels. 10c nnr>;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. SOe more; 6O-r!>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.30c: boxss. 6.55c; H. ic E. Crystal
Doraincs. S-SOc per ia. No criers takea tag
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. la bad.
13c: Pearl OH. ta cases. 194c; Astral. 134^:
Star. 13^ic:- Extra Star. 24c: Elaia*. 28c;
Eocene. 23c; Deodcrized Stove Gasoline, ta
bulk. l'Jc; in cares. 224c: BeniiD-. la bulk.
13c; Ir. cases. 134C: 5U-dc;rea Gasotiae. ta
bulk. 23c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— file per gallon ta cases aad
73c In drums and iron barrefs.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— n-d Lead. 7U©
7%c per lb; Whits Lead. 7Ht»7»ic. according
to onantity.
OILS — Quotations are fcr barrels; for cases
add 5c; Unseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
53c tor raw; Castor O'i. In cases. No. 1. 7<Vr;
Bakery AA. cases. $1 10351 12;: Lucot. 50c
for boiled jnd 48c for raw; China Nut. casea.
H2V-itbUc per gallon: Coccanut On. in barrels.
5Sc" for Ceylon and 33c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OIL C*c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
OIL 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52s: eatra wlater
strained Lard Oil. 15c; No. 1 Lard OtL U5c;
pure Neatsfoot OiL 73c; No. t Neatsfoot Oil.
«:c- light Herring OH. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
4<V- Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint
Oil. 31c
BAGS^ — Grain Bags. 54c; San Quentln. $JI 40-
Wool Bass. 3txg32c: Fle«ee Twlae. 74c; Fruit
Bags. «4®74c for white and 7c for brawn
Jute.
COAL. — Wellington, $S per ton: New Welllag
ton. «?; Seattle. $0 CO; Bryant. l\ 50: Beav*-
Hill. *3 30; Ptar.dnrd. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $3 50: Gr»ta. $7: Wallsend. 57; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in balk and $11 23 ta
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Ess-. $1!: Welsa Lamp.
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50Q13
per ten In bulk and $15 ia sa-^ks: Rocky
Mpuctxin descrintiens. $11 43 t<r 20CO R» aad
$12 SO per lens ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
LTVERFOOL,
TVhaat — July. Sept. Dec-
Opening <J «% 6 8, 6 SVi
Closing ««T4 «3 6 8 '.4
PARIS.
Wheat July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 75 22 30
Cluing •• 21 73 22 30
Flour- —
Opening 20 15 20 65
Cloalns I* =3 65
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 23. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, e6<SU7c; blue stem 71iffi'72c; valley 7Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 2:1. — Wheat unchanged; blue
stem 73c; Club 6Sc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 23.— Clearings, $31S,6S«;
balances, SS0.170.
TACOMA.vJuly 23.— Clearings, $342,433; bal
ances. J31.5S3.
PORTLAND. July 23.— Cleiurings, $435,312;
balances, $.'.9,044.
SPOKANE. July 23.— Cls.rMga. S2G1.726;
balances. $44,609.
London Wool Market.
•LONDON, July 23. — There is a good inquiry
for wool. Crossbreds are firm, especially
atrons haired. Merinos are quiet and steady.
THS COAST RECORD.
" 3 g 2 5 2 J
2 rf=- o- £B 3
c • ;» • — ** • ijj 1 o.
eXATTONS. I |||1|| | a I
1 • • • '. '•
EaJcer "0.00 «?> ZS .. c. e£r !cb
Carson 23. «S Ss(J 5i> V.* Clear .Oil
Eureka 30.12 ijy .. xw Oear .ftO
Kresao li).7s:>-t 70 N Clear ,09
>iAgstaS •-».*« 7»i CS Tf Cloudy .28
Poca.te!!o 23. id W W) TT Clear Tr.
lr-ej>endecce .25. *« 30 7> ?r Clear Tr
T^« Armeies... 23. SS V) V\" c; C ar .Oi)
Mt. Tamalpaii^».n3 S2 NW Clfar .00
North Head...2r).2« ZS .. NW i;!wr .00
Phjenix 1"J.74 1L2 72 E <~ear .0O
Pir-Jand "rO.ltf 72 &4 :."W ir.*ax .00
P.'-l B3eS 2».S»li4 72 £K Clear .00
Hawburjc no. 20 7S 54- r.'E «ricar .CO
Kacramenta ..£J»..«2 »4 «2 S f.car .CO
I-ti.% SS.SiO ¥>4 7'> NW Pt.Cldy Tr
Ear. Frincaico.23.S2 «« B4 W < 1-ar .00
S. L. Obisr-o. .23.32 74 ES VV C'eir .00
fc"on Dlero 29.90 7t C4 NT7 C!cir .00
Beattle »>^* C« it W «!car .>X>
Fpt:kon e 23»r-«5 W> «B> STV Oeer .<"«!
Tatnosh- 'Mi.ZA 02 52 "W Cloudy .0<)
Walla WaVLa.nn.oo r>5 tin «W "Clear" <"O
Winnesrucca .».»• S-J «2 W C.oudy .04
T^ma. -ja.72 102 79 BW Clear .00
rtHATJiE^. coofi?rno3ra and general
FORECAST. \
The prejrure has rie*ri slcw'y over the north
em fcaif cf the Pac«"<- Slope. TBu.iGer»torrci
%zul ..?:-. shOTcrj ccnt.ir.je la the irterrseua
iain. r*»icn.
Ia the gr^at vaCey cf California somewhat
warmer weather prevails with nftemooa tem
ceratares nuvgir^; trctn 05 t3 103.
Turtcafct rnadfe at S^r Francisco far thirtr
fcours ecdirr midr.ight, July 24:
Norttem T^rifcmia— Fair Sunday; somewhat
¦ aiHMii rre»a nortl^r'y *-Ie<u iaiand; brtsic
wreterly «^m<i» on the <-c*st.
£o«ts*rn Callfcrala— Cloudy Sunday; thua-
ia Lfcs mountain*; freia ioathwest
»-ind».
Nevafia — Cleanly Sunday; thusderstora-.s la
lS» nioustairi: warmer.
San I'raacteCQ ar.d vicinity — Fair Sunday;
lirfct soutserly winds, changing to brisk w«wt-
A. G. Mc.\CIE. Distri-n Forecaster.
Fruit cr.d Wheat Bulletin.
T>yr tee rwecty-fosr hc^r» endias 8 p. a.
ITBta iteriiiaa time. Sail Francisco, July 23.
_ . _ ___ _
shs § a ?=
\ : I ? If
0e««04 18S Si CIsar lob
GAME — Wild Doves, 73<ffS5c per dozen; Hare.
?1 2SC1 30 per doian; Cottontail Rabbits, $1 73
(f'l per dozen.
The Poultry market was well cleaned up ard j
closed rather firm, although prices were no
higher. Dealers axe expecting a docllna In
prices of Callfornlan chickens, as Western >
youns stcck is commencing to come in. The !
car that was marketed on Friday contained aa \
unusually large quantity of young chickens. I
A car of Western is expected fcr to-morrow's
market. Ganre wn3 in good request and Wild '
Doves and Har* bronght firmer prices.
POULTRY— Liv» Turke'— 14®15c per !b;
G<?<»se. per pair. $1 25.S1 CO: Gosllnjrs. $t 25® '
1 60; Ducks. *4fM OO per dozen for old and '
Jl.':i.." for young: Hens. S3<85 SO for largs and \
$4 5O«25 for small; youn«r Roosters. $6 50(97 50; '
eld Rorsters. $4784 CO; Fryers, $44?3: Broilers. !
f2 50<S.; 50 f>T lar?e and $2^! 50 for small:
Plseons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 23JJ1 30 j
for Souabs. I
Poultry and Game.
HOGS — Lira Hcgs, 14O to 2OO lbs. 4?;©4%e
200 to 250 lbs. 44c: ino lbs and under. 44c;
over 250'lbs. 4^c; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 5O per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off frcm above quotations.
The following quotations ar- for good, sonnd
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less SO
per cent shrinlcase for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7V4fl!74c: Cows aad Heif
ers. 54<i^4c: thla Cows. 4®3c per lb.
CALVES — 1S44C per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. S4<83?ic; Ewes. 3^340
per lb <groe» weight).
LAMBiJ— $2 5C&2 73 rer head.
Wholesale rates from slaugaterers to dealers
ar* as follows:
BEEF — 3i87c for Steers and 4gec per lb for
Cows. . .
VEAL — Large. ftgSe; small Sig&c per Ib
MUTTON — Wethers. 74»Sc; Ewes. 723s
per lb.
LAMB — OClOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. SU^SiJc per IS.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Conditions remain unchanged. Sieep aad
Lamb.1 arc ccmlag In freely from the north. a«
already mentioned, p.rul hcth n.re weai. There
\i no demand for Uan Cattle. The supply of
Hogs about equals the demand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
PEACHES— Show no special features. Choice
are still held at 7f84c; extra choice, 7^<§Sc,
and fancy. 84$ 10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market
shows little change. Old crop suppll:* are
very light and receive little attention, while
futures are offered at about £>ig.5'4c for Oc
tober tfhd December shipment. Common are
quoted at 4itio4c; r>riir.e, 0-'J4§ - 8c; choice, 6Vi
f}6\?: fancy, at T©7%c
PRUNES — Arc (juietfalthoush present prices
are considered low enough to attract business,
tha four sizes being offered on the basis of
2c f. o. b. on the coast. Spot quotations range
from 2c ta 6'ic according to grade.
APRICOTS — An? moving out slowly at re
cent prices. Choice are quoted at 9' / j@10c;
extra choice at 10ViS10','<c, aad fancy at 11
ei.".c.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed steady. Sales wero 020O bags, lnclud-
July at 3.S.V:: September, 5.95c; May, 3.«0c.
Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 7Uc; mild
str-ady; Cordova. 04®12c.
SV'GAR — Steady; fair refining, 3>£c; centri
fugal, 90 te^t, .-» 13-16©4c; molasses sugar, 3Vic
refined, firm; No. 8, 4.e5c; No. 7, 4.C0c; No. S.
4..'55c; No. 9, 4.50c: No. 10, 4.45c; No. 11. 4.40c-
No. 12. 4.35c; No. 13, 4.30c; No. 14, 4.23c;
confectioners A, 4.00c; mold A, 5.40c: cut loaf.
3.73c: crushed. 5.73c; powdered. 5.13c; gran
ulated. 3.03c; cubes, C.3Cc.
BUTTER— <iuiet and unchanged.
CIIEErfE — Quiet and unchanged.
ECGS — Quiet and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL — Steady; domestic ileece, 32g33c.
PETKOLEUM— Quiet: refined New York.
S3 70; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 60; re
fined in bulk, $4 75.
HOPS — Firm: State, common to choice 19C2
crop. 25<S27c; 1002 crop. 2'J(g22c; Pacific Coast.
13<:-:!. 25©28e: 1902 crop, 20®22c; oI4«, 7@13c
HIDES— Steady.
,^ W k T0 ? K ' JuIy
13,600 barrels; exports. 7100 barrels; ma-ke*
dull and featureless; MLinesota patents. *3 25<a
5 40: winter patents. $4 S3®3 10; winter
straights. $4 5C<s}4 73: winter extras, $3 35<B
3 80; winter low srrades. $3 15^3 70
WHEAT— Receipts. 2O0O bushels: spot easy;
No. 2 red, nominal elevator and nominal fob
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f c' b"
afloat. Options declined sharply under liqaida
tion Induced by easier Liverpool, bearish
weather, crop rerrs from the West, higher
consols and increasing new . wheat receipts
Th* close showed 14-@ 14c net decline May
DO 13-ie<&Dlc. closed OOric; July closed $1; Sep
tember, !K>-<iCJl 7 *c. closed Die; December
e& 13-ie@3OSc. clcsed S3 3-16c.
Nczv York Grain arid Produce.
j Miscellaneous Markets. |
NEW TORK. July 23.-The statement cf
averages cf the clearing house banks of this
city for the w-ek shows: Loans $1,090 Hia "<V>
increase $12.:«O.30O; deposits $ 1.201. 443. 2fX>.' lnl
crease $22,273,000; circulation $:». IT>. H> <o ¦ d-
crea«e $-n.0OO.00O: legal tenders $S3.130 0<)6 ln
cr-ase $335,200; specie $2t53.955.4OO, 'increase
$10.r»V;.W)0; reserve $3.-0.970 400. Increaae $11
•>14..0l;; reserve requlr-d $3OO,3»5O.S00. increa.«e
*.^3eS.4SO: surplus $50,609,600 increase $8 O4»5 I
7t» ex ;Fri, te^-- £tates $38,445,400, ia-
Associated Banks' Statement
[ NEW TORK. July 23. — Close — Mor.ey on call,
1 I nominal; no loans. Time loans, 60 days, 2 per
j cent, do aays 2ts per cent; six mentha 2V&
3^93H.
; Prime mercantile paper, Slj^t per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
; in backers' bills at $4.S7jO<&-4.S74O for demand,
: and at $4.&4'&e4. 1 vt7'5 fir eo-day bills.
; i Posted rates. $4.S54€4.S6 and 54.SS.
Ocminerclal bills. $4.M54.S4^.
; Bar silver, itec
Mexican dollars. 43^jc
Government bends, steady; railroad bonds.
. steady.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Cljse.
1 Atchlson 3,400 79Vi 7S T i 73^
Atchisoc pfd "J>*> »7«« W*; 97%
j Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,700 83^ 851, 53
Bait Sc Ofcio pfi 94
! Canadian Pacific. 100 124 »i 124 M 123 hi
' Central o€NJ 163
Chesapeake & O.. 100 34 34 34
? Chic & Alton 300 33% 334 3J>38
' Chic & Alton pfd 79
Chic it G W 100 14»i 14% U%
i Chic & N W „ 1784
1 Chic. M & S P 4.400 14S»» 148^ 148v»
Chic. M 4 S P pfd 173
! Chic Term & T 100 6Vi JU 6*4
• I Chic. TAT cfd .... 14»o
C. C. C &. St Louis 75
1 Colorado South 200 14% 14VJ 14»i
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 4AU 4Si, 4S4
Colo South 2d pfd. 600 20-i 20!.* 204
Dcla & Hudson 500 181 1604 1«>4
Del. Lack & W 165
Denver & R G 22
j Denver i i'. ii pfd 3O0 72 T , 724 72
j Erie 300 25* t 25«, 23S
Erie 1st pfd 2t» 62* 4 624 624
Erie 2d pfd 331^
. Hocking Valley e»
r Hocking Val pfd 734
Illinois Centrai 1374
, • Icwa C?ntral 200 W14 19 is'
; I Iowa Central Dfd rs
1 I Kansas C Scuta .... "»i5i
; j Kaa C South Ui 434
Louisville 4c N 600 117 T . 117 117 1,
Manhattan .L ; „„'* isi "
Metropclitan Sec * " gy
Metropolitan St Ry 100 llt>i 4 H&i; ust/
, Minn & St L . . * 45 *
M. £? t S S U... M0 734 7.i' 734
M. SP & S S M pfd 200 12S ' 12S 12S
Missouri Pac 4.S00 94*1 041; 94SI
Mias. Kan & Tex.. 10O 1SS 1S% 18U
Miss. Kan &. T pfd 200 41V, 41*1 41
Natn RR of M pfd ... .-551/
New Yorw Con 110«T
Norfolk * W COO C2'-i C2Vi fiju
Norfolk & TV pfd ... &5 *
Ontario & W TOO 3S'^ 37T. 37^4
' Penraylvania S.OO'J 121 4 121 1214 1
1 Plus. CC & St L :. ... &* '
' Pu-ading ?.0CO 54>; 53% Z.Z*.
' Reading 1st pfd... .... 83
1 Reading 2d pfd ngti
Pujck Island Co 2.4OO Zl% 23 23
Rock Island Ca pM 20<> H8J ««•- ea
1 St L £ SF 2d pfd. 900 53 52=J S%
1 : St Louis South w rjt,
I fa; Ix>ui« SW cfd. 200 r_-,»; 2^5 M 2
1 I Houth-cro Pac 3,30*> B14 51Vi 5isi
1 ! Fouthfrn Railway. 1.P0O 2t»i 244 24=K
t Rootbem Uy pfd-. 20O S3 sn sS'i
I Toxa-x Jk Pac 500 23% 23% %?>£
t Toledo. P L & W .:<. ....: -s3
Toiodo PL * W prd 2»K> 3S«i 3."ij 3gu
I T'nior. Pacific 6.2Ci> 07% 97 07 i!
t ! T'alnn Pacific pfd.. 10D SM »4 sju,
) i r.'abash 100 17U I7ti 17H
> • Waba*h Efd 100 36% 3«i' 3 fI <*
1 j % L E. 400 13 15 14
I ; Wiacrrsin Central 17%
I ; Wt-riTjsiTJ Cent pfd 333^
. 1 M'xican Central... 400 94 9Vi gs-.
1 j Excress Ccmrianies^ —
• j Adams Z27i
.[American 20«
. f-ited States KS
; Wel!s-F.-n!ro 205
iMlscc Ilancous —
ArrjJ Cer>per 3.50O K2'i C2»4 52%
, Am Car & Foun... SCO 19 18% is*;
. I Ara Car & F ptd 77^
; j Am Cotton Oil £64
1 >n Cottca Oil pfd ; ss^i
. 1 Am Ice 7%
I An Ic» r M *~sl
. Am Line»e.t Oil 8
:; Am Linseed Oil pfd "fl
" I Am Locomotive 2,800 22«4 22^ 22S
• As Locomotive rrfd 364
. An . K ra«It & Rfng. 1.500 574 574 57U
' Am S * R pfd " ss2
Am Sugar Rfsg 000 1294 129'i 120-%
Arafojii V!n Co ..' 73^
B.-v-oklrn R T 10.100 fi2*i 52«i 32«4
I Colo Fu«i fc Iron... 3.3C0 S7-I 354 37«i
Consolidated Gas... inn i 9S ' i»« liHti
Co-a Products 100 i a « 12* 124
Corn Products pfd „ . «n
Distiller*' Secur H " ' " ~i
General Electric \ '..'.'. """ vep-
I Inter Paper *"*
j Inter Paper pfd too ©4 ©ii «»
1 Inter Pump - 11
1 Inter Pump pfd .' "" 'fi^;
?C8.iional L*«d 300 2214 siii "TtZ
North ATr«Tican . . . 100 R) ta bo
Pacific Mai! ...;
People's Gas.^..... SCO 100% 1604 10OU
Pressed Pteel Car J* 33"
Prised St C pfd * T
Pullman Pal Car 221
Re^rjbllc Steel *sno ¦ 7« 7x4
RrmsbUc Steel pfd. 1,800 44*i 44U 44-lZ
Rubber Goods " 134
Rubber Goods pfd ¦ 77U ;
Twin Caal & Iron.. 12,100 4Tii 41U 41U 1
TJ S Leather 100 - 7'i - 7\l 71J
XJ S Leather pM .... .... $3'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The seneral tone of the Potato market was
cne of easiness with most holders trying to
force rales. One of the river boats arrived
late with a heavy cargo and as a result there
was an unusually large quantity unsold at the
close. Dealers wers still exacting high prices
for Onions, but trade was quieter than pre
viously.
Tratfe In miscellaneous vegetables was active
under the usual extra demand for Sunday re
quirements, but supplies of most kinds wen
still exces>"tve, and despite tl« Increased
trading, prices continued to decline. Okra was
selling by the box at easier rates and Green
Pepper". Egg Plant. String oar.s and Corn
were lower. Poor Corn from Stockton and
vicinity was offering at 50®»i5c per sack, but
founii few buyers, owing to the abundance and
comparative cheapness of good stock from
other jsectlars. Tomatoes wer» rather' firm
during- the early trade, but weakened upon the
arrival of the belated river boat, which brought
large consignments.
POTATOES — New Purbanks frnm th» river.
|1©1 50 per ctl in sacks and 51 25<^1 73 In
b->xe»: Wat5nnvill; Burhnnks, XI 50<iil 75 wr
ctl; Early Rose. $1206140; Garnet Chiles.
$1 10<S»l 30; old Potatoes, $l@l 23 per ctl.
ONIONS — New Red. $1 *0@l t5 per sack;
Silver-skins. *l !X>4?2 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 73c^$l 50 per
sack or crate: String Beans. l@2c p«r lb: Wax
Beans. l^if32Hc per lb; Lirrri Beans. 5@fic per
lb; Tomatoes, In small boses and crates. 404?
f3c: larr^ oren boxe3, $!<§! M: Summer
Squash, 2f><53Gc per box: Cabbage. $t per ctl;
Carrots. $1 Mr sack: Cucumbers. 25-g"33c per
box; Garlic. 3tNc per lb; Eior Plant. SSo^iH
per box; Th-ied Peppers. 8t?10c for sun-dned
and 12!-3®13c ixr lb for evaporated: Gn«n
Okra. $1 Rer box: Green Peppers. 73c{f$l per
box for Bell and 40G5Oc for Chile.
HOPS— Nominal at 23«27Uo per lb for Cali
fornia. 1003. Contracts for 1304 crcp are (;aot
«d at 1CcQ20c.
It is reported that contracts for new Hops
have been made In the Sacramento Valley at
ieQ17c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Hdc under quotations. Heavy Salted
ste-rs. BVjc; medium. S^Wte; light. S?g3tic:
Cow Hides. S«3«4r for heavy and S-gSijC for
light; Stags, 6c: Salt-d Kip. 9c: Salted VeaL
10c; Salted Calf. ll>t,«llc; dry Hides. l«c:
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shear
lings. 2u#+0c each: shcrt Wool. 40<3»53c each:
mMlua, 75-gnOr: long Wool. 5131 30: Horss
Hides, salt. $2 73 for large and $2©2 50 far
medium. 31 23^1 73 for small and 50c for
Colts. Hone Hide-, dry $1 75 for large and
$1 30 for medium. $ltit 23 for small and 30c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 23c: dry Central American. 3O
632UC. Goat Skins — Prime Angcras. 73c; ex
tra large do $1 23: Urge aad smooth, 50c; tae
dium. 33c; small. 2Cc.
TALLOW— No. i rendered. 4Slti c Fer i o:
No. 2. 3Uc: RT»«ase. 2iie:Vc.
WOOL— Sprirg Clip— Humbotdt and Mendo
c!ao. 17© 19c: San Joaquin and Pouthem. 12
months'. 10<312e; do 7 months'. 9#llc per lb:
Middle Cpuntie*. 1.-MJ17C for free and 12@13c
for def«-ctive; ICorthern. 16<SI3c for free and
14-r*ltic for defective; Nevada. 13,918c. accord-
Ing to ecndltion.
Hides, TailozxTj Wool ar.d Hops.
Nezv York Money Market.
KANSAS CTTT. July 23.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1500, Including 1000 southerns; market
unchanged; native steers, $4@6; southern steers,
$4 75<&4 05: southern cows. $1 "o@>3 00; native
cows and heifers, $1 75®5: stockers and feed
ers. *2 5O®4 50; bulls, $2 23©3 75; calves,
$2 SOigrt 75: Western steers, $3 75«5 50; West
ern cows, $1 75<i?3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 500O; market. 15<^23c low
er; bulk of sales. $4 95<33 Of); heavy, $4 05@
.1 10: packers. $4 S5@5; pigs and lights.
• 1 25^3
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market nominally
steady; muttons, *.1 254M 60; lambs. $4®8;
range wethers. $3 50«4 CO; ewes, $3^3 73.
Kansas Cttx.
HOGi? — Receipts to-day, COX); Monday. 2O.
000: very slow and lower; mixed and butchers,
$3 lOfi-Jo 35: good to choice heavy, $5 15#5 33;
rough heavy, *t .W<55 10; light. 95 10@5 30;
bulk of sales $3 13g3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2C0O; sheep and lambs
slow: arood to choice wethers. $4@4 25; fair
to choice mixed. S3/g>4; Western sheep, $4©
7 25; Western lambs. $3 85*84 75.
CHICAGO, July 23. — CATTLE — Receipts,
4O>; nominal; good to prime steers. $5 40Q6 35;
pcor to medium. $4 5<V5 I 3 25: stockers and feed
ers. $2C4; cows. $1 5<Kf 4, 50; bulls, $2-S$4 10;
calve!.. $2 5t>g<i 50; Texas 'fed steers. $3^4 75.
Chicago.
J CATTLE. SHEET AND HOGS
4<j <jr coup.. I' 1 '' lW*ii;4s <jr cp> a«w.U2^aL>3i^
4s qr reg-.-l^iilOe^Ss v coup... — lOtJ^i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Via A W Ca. — — lOak T Co <2a.imi —
Bay CPC 5e.lOK — I Do 119 —
Cal C G 5s.l03~i — ' Do con 3s. — 108
Cal G A E g | Oceanic 3 5s. — 72t£
m & ct 3s. 84% SS lOa Cab!* es.122 1=-H»
Cai-st C 5a. — 113^: Pac G Io 4s. 93^ —
C C Wat 3s. — X00 IP E Ry 5s..lO4V 4 l05
EdL. & P «*.12*U — IP4CR 6s,10a —
F & C H 63.114 — IP 4 O P. 6a-U.'4 —
Geary-st Is.. — 80 ! Powell -«t 6s. — 114
H C&3 55-is.lOO — }Sac EGAR3s. TTH 03»C
Do 3a ---- 99 m00 I.-5F & SJV3S.117T, —
Hoq R T «s.lC6S»107 (Sierra R «s.. — U3
L A E!ec 3s. — — 1 3 P of JL e»
L A Ry 5s. .114% — n9C!>> — —
L A L Co 6s — — (laiO 10TH1CSH
Do gtd «s. — — 3 P of C 63
Da gtd 33. — 105 <1305)Sr A.t<33 103^
LAP lcai Ss.lOlt; — aflOBlSr B.104 —
llit-« C fill.Ti - I <ir»O«> 105 —
Do lcm 59.115 — f (1312> 113*4 —
MT4 MtT3s-inm — t 3PC 1 eg 5s.H0 —
NP.R of C«5s.lfH% — J Do 9tmp«l..l'T83i _
Do 5s 117H — IS P B R 68.1111,152^
N P C R 5s. — 105*i!S V Wat «S.1O6"^ —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 ! Do 4s 2dm. 99i* —
N' C P C 5s. — 1*> I Do 4« 3d=i. 99 —
X 5 P. P. 3s. - Ml I Do e mts-43 97H —
O G LAH 33.107 108 IStkn GAEi^s. 82^ —
O W gtd 3s. — ICO |U G * E 3*. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa ZC 4O ! Port Costa- . . — —
Mirtn Co.... — «O IS V Wit Ox 37*i 3TH
GAS ANI> ELECTRIC
c-nt t. & p. 31* 4 |s r g * a. n, eiu
Mutual E L. 13 13}i!;3tfci G * E. — Vr»
P*c L. Co... 37 — |U G ft E Ca. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fsd. — i40 r
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bi-.115 1-TO L P * A.... — 133
Anglo-Cal .. *3 87 Mer Treat 2C5 —
Bank cf CaL42O — March EX 5O —
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 S F Nation^ — —
First Natiosi — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2330 i Sair A L. So. — I'VJ
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 335
Mutual Sav. 10O 1C3 Union T Co.. — —
S F SaT U.60O 63O I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2CO | Presidio ...... — - — •¦¦•
Geary ..• — — I /•
POWDER.
Giant Wi- IVIgortt ..«, — -»,-'
SUGAR.
Hana P Co^. — 20c J Kilanea 9 C. — * 4 •>'•
Hawaiian C. 51 *i — [Makawell C-. 22^i 23iJ
Honokaa 3 C — 12^i'Onotaea 3 C 2»li 27'-,
Hutch, o P C — SH^Paauhaa 3 C 13 131,
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 130 103 I Oceania S Ox — 4-,
Cal F C A. — — iPaa Abj FA. 4»i «
Cai Wine A. — 90 iPaj C Borx. — 154
MV& MtTm.lOO — |.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska. Paakers' Association. . .132 00
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 51 75
10 S F Gas & Electric «1 OO
$3. COO Northern Ry of Cal 8 per cea:.10& CO
Street —
75 Pacific Lightlcy 57 S3
$3. COO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per ceaj.104 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oa stock— Bid. /sk.
Alma 1 CO
Apclla 40 43
Azsociated Trust Cert ZX> ....
Aztec .... «5-
California Standard ......... 14 ....
Caribou 3 5O 4 25
Chicago Crude . .... 13
Claremcnt 70 *....
Four 64
Hanfonl 1*> CO
Home 1 4O
Imperial 18 CO
Independents 28 Z7
Kera 4SO S OO
Kern River 11 0O
Monarch (of Arizona) " SI
Mante Cristo SO ....
Occidental o* W. Va t» ....
Oil City Petroleum SG W>
Peerless .... 13 75
Reed Crude ................ 1 SO ....
', Senator ..................... 6O ....
S<r»crei*n 41 43
Sterling 2 SO 2 70
Superior ••— ,- 0*
Thirty-Thrs* * 25
Twenty-ElgSt 19 CO
West Shore .... 2 SO
Associated Bonds T775
; Monarch iPcol) ..... .... 31
rNTTEO STATES EONTJS.
Bid. Ask. I BhS. Ask.
STOCK A>T> BOND EXCHANGE.
BATURDAY. July 23 — 2; p. n^
EASTEEX MARKETS. |
Pinks and Black^yes are still higher and
very firm at the advance, being wanted for
shipment. Limas also continue firm. The other
kinds Rre quiet and unchanged.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 4CKf2 33: Pea $2 SHVS3:
Butters, 53 55; small White, 52 00«3 10; large
White. $2 23®2 50: Pink. $3 «vg3 73; Red.
$+; Lima. $3 40<itfJ 50; Red Kidneys. $4 BOOS;
I Blackeye. $2 13^2 25 per ctl; Horse B?ans.
i $2ff2 f.0.
SEEDS — B-own Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. $1 00<&2 25; Canary. B^©
7c: A'falfa. l.TS15?ic: Rape. lV»a2He; Ttmo
thy. 5»ic: Hemp. 3ye-.iu c per lb; Millet,
2S«J3»^c: Broom Corn S*ed, $2l>52l per ton.
DRIED PBAS— Grren Peas. $3 per ctl.
Beans aud Seeds.
CHICAGO. July Z1.~ On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firmer;
creams. It>4*-I7c: dairy. 12fil5c. Eggs steady,
14U1I13C- Cheese easy, 7%©Stic.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cons money. ..SS 11-18' N Y Central . . 122U
D^> a = c t SSHjXor & Western... Ki\
Anaconda ?.\<, u o pfd .. !>t
Atchlson 8f-«|rmt & Weatern. . . 31 \
Do pfd i^^Fennaylvania 62 'I
Ealt & Ohio 83 T^!Ran<1 Mines !)¦%
* an Pacific S7 I Reading 27-^
Che* & Ohio 35 | Do 1st pfd 42-i
Chi Great West.. 14»;i Do 2d pfd 36
Chi. Mil & St P. 152 ISo Railway ...'.'. 2V,
De Eeera m%< ry, pM 31 i,
Den & Rio G 22l*!So Pacific 5"V
Do pfd 74 (Union Pacific •*»%
Erie 2flXI Do pfd 9flt2
Do 1st pfd «4VTT S Steel 12U
,., D^ 2ti pfd *° ' D" rM <UH
111 Central HOUiWabash .... is
Lflois & Nash 120 "i Do pfd " 37U
M. K & Texas... IS-*! Spanish 4s ....".".'." 83 i|
Bar silver-Steady. 28 U-16d per ounce.
Money— 2t-<g3 per cent.
The rate of disrour.t in th» open market for
short bills is 2 l3-l&S2T,i per cen t and" for
three months' bills 2% per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
COTTOLENE— Ore half barrel. 9%e; three
half barrels. SV4e: one tierce, S!ic; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces. 7T»c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per lb far
h-avy. l0*ie fcr light medtura. 12H« for light.
13Uc for extra light and lCc for sugar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cure-i Hams. 13Uc: California
Hams. 12>,c: Mess Beef. $IOS10 50 per bbl:
extra Mess. JH-Stl 30: Family. $12-312 SO:
prime Mess Pork. $!4 50; extra clear. $21: Mess
$17 50: Dry Salted Pork. OHc: P* Pork. $21:
Pigs' Feet. $3; Smeked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — T.erces quoted at fi<5«iic per Ia for.
common and De fcr purs; haif-fcarrels pure.
»Vic; 10-lb tins. 0* 4 c; 5-lb tiaa. 3'fcc; 3-lb tias.
10c.
The market continues la the same dull aad
unsatisfactory condition. Chicago wires to- local
brokers yesterday said: "There is nothing
rew in respect to the strike. In the meantime
there Is very little speculative interest and th*
conditions of supply and demand are aijo
whollv obscured."
Provisions.
There was fair activity on th« Taaopaa Mla
icg Board, but at easy jrtcefl. Ths Ccastock
mines wer» quiet aad somewhat lower. Local
shares on the Bend Exchange were Inactive,
with, a marked decliae in Alask* Packers ta
$132. San Francisco <J • j aad Electric wu
firmer, touching $t51
Sales oa the Cilifcmla Ex?*a-«e> last wm'<
wera 99C8 shares, valued at S3.S3O. ta» IbskII^k
sales being as follows: Associated Oil. 2534>
shares; Foot. 1193; latlepeadaece. 30CO; OU
City. 20CO.
Tho Caledonia Mfafcg Conspasy fea* levied
aa a*sesame=t of Ijc per shar% dsiiacraeat
Au?usw 31.
The Pacific Lighting Conipasr will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 33c per share oa
the capital stock August 5.
The output of the Ophir miai» last w»eX
amounted to 31 mining carloads of first-class
ore assaying $44 »iO per ton. aad 137 carioada
of secoad-cloas ore. a*sayia< |2ti 96 per tea.
Still Dull, With 'Alaska Packers
Selling Off ta $132.
Cclusa 37 67 Clear .00
Eureka CO 0i NW Clear .0O
Fresno 104 70 N Clear .0O
Haaford 104 63 flear .00
Hoilister 90 51 W Clear .00
Independence 5M) 70 N cloudy Tr.
King City 33 51 N Clear .00
Liversiore 99 59 .... Clear .00
Lcs Angeles fc! 60 W c>ar .0«)
Merced 105 «J3 Clear .00
Napa £3 53 S Clear .00
Newcastle 10B S3 W Clear .CO
Newman 1C4 C5 Clear .00
Palermo 104 C5 .... Clear .00
Ponerville 103 7;» W Clear .00
Re-I Bluff 104 72 £E Clear .CO
Riverside 97 60 .... Clear .00
Sacramento 94 «! 8 Clear .00
San Die^o 74 65 NW Gear .00
San Fraacisco 6»i 54 W Clear .00
Saa Jose S7 Zn Clear .CO
Sar. Luis OWspo 7S fl2 W t -\enj- .»<5
Santa Maxia 73 55 .... dear .00
Hanta B<m S> 51 CT^ax .00
Stockton 33 67 Clear .00
Wi:iow» 101 t9 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colu&a — Pears commencing to ripea; prunes
is rood condition.
Willows — Bartiett pears average crop; good
quality.
Haaford— Grapes few ca the market; good
crop prunes.
KoiUster — Almonds doing well; heavy crop.
Cloverdaie — Almonds aad walnuts looking
fine.
Napa — Grapes doiag Saely aad promise large
yield.
San Jose — Hay reported very light la places.
Riv-rsiie — Walnuts now promise fair crop.
Newman — No change ia condition.
Portervllle — Big orange crcp; very little
grain; some hay.
Santa Maria — Grain threshing continues with.
satisfactory yield; beans aad beets unchanged.
King City — Clou-Jy morning.
Liveraore — Recent hct weather gcod for
be^ts oa low land at Pleasanton.
Palermo — 'Warm weather; favorable for rip
ening fruits.
Stockton — Heavy shipments of Bartiett pears
tj Eastern zaarketa.
A. G. McADIE.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Cash quotations were
i as follows: Flour, steady: winter patents
: S4 80QB; straights, $4 25-Jp4 «J3; spring patents
: *4 30<e-4 70; straiffhls. $3 «i0«H 20; bikers.'
¦ SU KX^.i 20; No. 2 spring- wheat 96®30c- No
13, 8S-#95c; No. 2 re<i. 8«(S97^c; No.' 2 corn,
: 43«4c; No. S yellow. 504@3lc; jfo. 2 oats,
! 4rt®40J- t c; No. 3 white. 42^43c; No. 2 rye.
' 70c: good feedin? barley. 33<^38c; fair to choice
'malting, 49i55Oc : No. ldaxseed. 49lac: prime
I timothy seed. $3; mess pork, per bbl, $12 73®
1 12 80; lard, per 100 lbs. $« .S2Vi<g*> S3; short
ribs si<ies (loose), $7 23<&7 37 «4; short clear
I siaes (,boxed>. <7 25#7 50; whisky, bails of
I high wines. $1 -S; clover, contract grade,
I $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
; Flour, tbls 15,700 13,000
i Wheat, bu 36,0<X> 27,100
: Ccrn. bu 20.900 278. 6CO
J Oats bu 112.1O) 103,400
Bye bu S.OGO
j Barley, bu 23.300 2,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?21 50<e22 30
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $Jj 50<9
32 30; Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake J22«23-
Cora Ceal. $30 50^31 50: Cracked Corn. *31»
I 32; Mixed Feed. $22-322 50; Horse Beans. $30fJ
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat, STVQU. with $12^13 for extra.
fln«: Wheat and Oat. WU; Oat. $7 M«eil :
. Barley and Oat. J7SS: Volunteer Wild Oat.
$7@8 CO: stable. ?T*TO 50: stock. $8 5O«7 fW>;
Clover. $7 5»>eo 5O; Alfalfa, $7£1O 30 per ton.
STRAW — 10<§e0c per bale
tHOKTS— *21S22 per ton
| c»pt— say $fl 30t&9 50 r*r ton for No. I Hay.
I There are 4CO cars of unsold Hay on demurrage
I in the railroad 3 - ards In this town and yester
: day mornlne the Southern Pacific officials
I asked the Hay merchants if their teams could
I not put in Sunday unloading these cars so they
¦ could gst them back into the country, where
, they were needed fcr more Hay. These con
¦ ditlor.s have simply paralyxed the market, and
; dealers say it t/!11 take two weeks to get things
\ stralgntened out.
AH Feedstuff* remain as before quoted.
RRAX— J21(S22 per ton.
; MIDDLINGS— $24«23 per too.
I Hay is demn-alized. Receipt? yesterday
TTcT* asaln **T. beins 1341 tona. Including
) 113 cars. The market is breaking under these
1 continued excessive receipts, and buyers are
j bidding away down to prices which sellers con-
I elder ridiculous and which th~y refuse to a--
Hav and Feed stuffs.
T7 S Realty 45^'
L o Rubber pfd-.. 200 7B»i "<iW 78
H 1 StwsI 3.600 12^ 12H 12%
T, S Steel pfd 40,200 63H 62<S CSi,
Elec „ 159
Western Union 100 SS^j 8SV4 S3
Tbta! sales I44.SCO.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK!. July 2S.— United Railroadj of
Saa Francis-io, lo.OCO at £1
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Caiamoa, 4^ bid, 4-)i aaked; preferred 42%
bid. 43i» asked.
NEW TORK EOND3.
U S ref 2s re*. .105^1 !L &. N unified 4s. 100?,
Do-coupon !C4 : »4|Man con gold 4*. 105'
Do 33 reg 104\|M«x Central 4s.... 65
Do coupon lUi\\ Do 1st iae 14'^
Do new is reg.l3H4|Miaa & St L 4s.. 96^
TOo coopon 132'*| M. K & Texa3 4s.ll>0
Do old 4a rcj.lCO'41 Do 2da SOVi
Do coupon ....10Ci.»|NK of ilex coo 4s 7t>H
Atch K en 4s IOS%ilC T C gea 3Vjs.. »»**
Do adi 4s M^ilX J C sen 3s 1321,
Atlantic C L 4s. SSfciNor Pac 4s l'J6v 4
Bait i Ohio 4s. .lO; 1 .^ Do Us 74%
Do 3Vis 03 j Nor & W con 4s.lO14
Central of Ga Ss.llS'-ilOSL 4s & partic. 37V,
Do 1st lac 79 jPa conv 3'-.s C»8t«
Ches 4. Ohio t'-s. 105141 Heading g-n 4s... 03
<7hi t Aiu>a Z]~s. 7*S|.S L & I M con Es.ltG
C. B & Q new 43. DT%|8 L ft 3 F fs 4s. S2
O.Ji fc HP gn 4s.lO8UJst Louis S\V lsts. 05
C & .V\V con 7s. l."i0 T , : SeaDoard A L 4s. «W»i
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71Ul^o Pacific 4s iHi*
I>o col 5s 82 |So Railway us. ..113
C,«:.C & SLgn 43.101 |Tex & Pac Ists-.HS 1 ;
Chi Tertr. 4s 73 |T. :?t L * W 4e. 7::
Cons Tobacco 4s. 64 I L'mon P-acIHo 4s.I05'4
«'oio & So 43 f?4'i! Vo conv 4s . lOJNi
C F * I ccn 0s. 71',.! V S Steel 2d 5s.. 79 1*
Den & Rio Q 4^. !0f> | WaDash lsts 117
Erie prior lion 4s. OS^i Do <3eb B 534
Do gen 4s S8 IW t L Erie 4s... 91
F V," &. D C l6ts.in4VWts Central 4s... 00
Hocking Val 4Us.lO7*n!
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40! Little Chief C5
Alice 331 Ontario 3 23
Ereec* 10'ODhir 2 50
Bruns Con lui Phoenix U
Com Tunnel 091 Potosl 18
Con CaJ & Va. .. 1 15jSavag- " -»4
Hom Silver 1 43| Sierra Nevada 21
Iron ?llver 1 85; Small Hopes 20
LeadTflle Con ... 021 Standard 2 05
Boston Stocks ar.d Bonds.
ITon-y— |u S Steel 12*4
£U to«j SJ3HI Do pfd C6%
Time loans 3(g 4 \i< Westing Common. 70
Bonds— | Mining—
Atrhison 4s 101 Si Adventure S7U
Do adj 4s a4'i!Allouez SK
Mex Central 4s... (32 | Amal Cr.pper 52Vi
Railroads— j An:er Zinc 12
At.-hlson 73%| Atlantic 0
Do pfd 97i 4 !nir!gham 26H
Bc-ston & Albany. 243 I Calumet &. Hecla.470'
Boston & Maine. . lt;« | Centennial 24*:
Boeton Elev 102 i Copper Hang- ... 57%
Fiti-hburs pfd 1XS DaJy West 1«'
Mex Central 9-itDom Coal 4:1%
N Y. N H & II.. in:: , Franklin T%
Pere Marrjette 74 lOrancy zi n
Un'on Pacific 37H>lsie Royale 11 1,.
Mlscelianeous — |M&ss Mining .... 44
Ampr Arge Chea. 14^1 Micr.igan 41;
I>> PM 7.» I Mohawk 4314
Amer Pneu Tube. 4ki Mont Coal & Coke 3*A
Amer Sugar 12:»<-.!Old Dominion ... 13S
Do pfd 128i-i>O«ceo!a Ki^
Amer T»I & Tel. i:J2 HI Parrot 241,
Amer Wool»n ... ll^i Quincy &.">
Do rfd 77 (Shannon «u
Dom Iron & S. .. Sii! Tamarack 57
E.1 Ei«<.-t Ilium.. 24S I Trinity 7*;
Gen Electric 1K1 1 1; s Slining 23
Mass Electric 1!1U|L T 3OU 10 7 »
Do pfd 73Vt;tah 3.SV.
Ifa-s Gas 40 I Victoria 3%
rnite'l Fruit 107 | Winona 7%
Un She- Mach... 50 I Wolverine 73
Do pfd 3(>»-il
Bank Clearings.
ZxxaZ B*£i C-.ecj-.r^s f=r the w«*k j-j»t
•aded wer. $^3,520.^50. aga^r.st 524.753.909 for
th« ~j.—~ we*k l2.«t year. *howl=g a decrease
ai J?24..'29 The clearsags for the ecrrespend
'^S weei la 1502 we-* 521.3* S. 124.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The repot cf G-. IT. Sa^istury. Sectloc Di
r*«or. V. S. Wes-tier Bureao. for the Wash
irfjya Crcp Ev^Ietls. week eaded July 19. i»
t • fallows:
Eeg*.nu=« wita ilsaday th» entire week
»aa exceptiocaily cooi. ex-?ept the forepart
-~ th« «ast«ira ccuaties. Light frcst occurred
en tie I3tis in com* locai:t:«s. but probably
Tbm Iccg dlCMBM of thi»e we#ks that had
rnr-aHed ever the western division cf the
f-aie was broken oa the 14th. by rain, which
imlfliurd at •Eter\-»!« catll the 17th. asd
»i::ch was cf very benefit to lat* spring wheat.
late oats, px-tatoes. r-^gar besets. hop«. vege
ratles and pastures. In so=j« localitiee, as la
MTaHaaui ar.d th« south»i»t counties, spring
"•heat iniproved so niuch that it witl make
s= average crap, without further rain. In
c:hers the showers were too lijht to do much
E ¦cd. aad funfcemor*. they came too late
to 6are the crop. Oats were benefited, but.
»xcrept :a tie moister localities, they will still
be short. Potatoes, although greatly im
proved, will not be ta extra grxyi crop ex
<-«>rt in the irrigated districts, where the out-
Jock Crse. ard where large quantities of
eariy ones are already being shipped. The
shcwir; »ens very beneficial la the irrtgatetl
c.sir".'.t^. a se-jend crop of alfalfa Is cow
rtiiy to cvt.
The rai=y spell caught considerable late
hay down, ar.d badly damaged it; it also
locjred lite hay that was uncut ia the low
lands, andL ttgsther with high winds, caused
¦ - :-i;aci-t lodjctn^ of faJi wheat. Some
¦rtaaat was damagwl ia rutting- aad in the
tfick. Tlse har*.»st;ng.«; fall wheat has been
:;: j;rc?r-s6 durinjc the week in early localities,
aa.l will bfe general next week. The yield
:s apparently a gocd one.
- : eminent Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop EaileUa United Stales I>e
r*rtTne=t of Ajrricuiture Washington. D. C.
tor week ended July 11. 13T4 :
Nri- Enslznd — Appl's s*t full ard growing
rapidly, bta droppiag :a some sections; p<?ars
ard pluais b*».jw average and dropping ia
*<?ir.e sections; ether fruits aad all berries
werr trrryi.
Sfew Vcrk — App'e* pronisiny: pearhes and
r^ars iigit: chimes and y!u=is vary; graphs
&:¦<-*!¦. berries F^ntiful.
N>» J>rs»y — Mvicas very protnisic^.
PeciiEj-Ivania — Barries aad pears plentiful ;
p"'*l*p very scarce.
Maryland and Delaware — Eerries pleEtlfui;
Other fru'.t fair.
'. '•.•k:z:a— Apr>* fai:ir.g ud becoming
¥ arce; praT>es fair; borries plectifal.
S nh «raroi5r.a — 5Ycit plentiful except
£; e>: melons r:p^— i"g.
- u*.n <r»r^i;r:a — •-„.-- imprtyi'ed cietcas.
T-;rjr'.i — ' .-.r-z- p«?arh crcp bein^ marketed.
Hrr.4a — Citrus fruits improved.
A'.atcsr.a — Large peach, crop being czax
llurlsslppi — Melcca aai peachea yieldiai
we':.
T*T^e?s»e — Fruit prospects good.
Kentucky — Fruit cot doing welL
Ir.dias* — Fruit tre* blijffct diminishirsg.
".llcois- — Eiackberries. raspberries and graphs
T' l<jl '''| ; apples generally poor.
Ohio— Apples continue faJIlrg aad prospects!
Tv>-r: reaciits npenisg ia the south ; grapes
pr^T^»sing.
M.chytan — Apples dr-?pT'i=S' consMeraily.
"•isccBsia — Apples very promising; email
xiir.ts ard temes fair.
Iowa — Apple crop etill promlsi^c.
Oklxhcrr.a ar.d Indian Territories — Fruit
toi-z we'.L
Coicrado — Early »--'-« ard peaches la
f»rl!fr
Nevada — Fruits pmrlsi-g.
Orerca — Apj::es ar.d peaches pronrisisg.
Weather Report.
C20Oi Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN" FRANCISCO. July 23 — 5 p. m.
T5se •ellewt^x maxlaium aad minimum tem
yerer=re« are reverted fcr the previous day
frsic Eartera cities:
Vr.m&a. 72-60'N'e^r Or!eaa« 90-70
Clactaaa" Philadelphia 72-*j
-'.:_-v ;::¦.:» s«-7»i. Wasfciagtcn 72-*i4
St. Loda «2-djf«w Tork. 7«-«3
6A.V FP.ANC1~CO 66-34
Flour, qr sia... 1.54S' Shorts, gks 2P0
Wheat, ctls l.ZXiTFerd. sks *5
Barley, ctl* .... *.76TWool. oaln 2M
Oats. ct!s 7.O3 Hldas. No 2H*
B*ana. sks 2D3I Pairs. No 115
Potatoes, ska ... 5,r*>2: Leather, rolls .. 2SD
Onions, sks " 3»4t Lime, bbls .. £T3
Bmn. sks l.fiTT' Paper. r«a=s .... t.27T>
Midd^cga. »3ts .. 24O«V.-in«. jals 39.77;o
Hay. toes l.;>*ljTai!t>w. czls ..... 208
Hop*, bales l<ii Sugar, ctls £00
Straw, too* 10f
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska... 4.21'5!F*sd. sir* M*
Fotato»r si 4 ... ITlOat Groats, ak*. S10
Braa. sks t.COO',
FOR. SATTTRDAT. JTTI,T 23.
Receipts of Produce.
M I LLSTUFyS— Prices Li packages are as :
j follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs- I
Rye Floury $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 23; Rice Flour. I
$7; Corn Meal. *: 30; extra cream do. $4 23; \
Oat Groats. $4 5O: Hominy. Jt^4 25- Buck- :
wb*at Flcur. $4 50^*75; Cracked Wheat. Jt; ,
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 73; I
' ??iv ed ,, Oats - bbIs ' *" 2Z^ H C*: )a «acks. {8 75<9 :
, « 10: Pearl Barley. ?6; Split Peas boxes. f7; j
Green Peas, ?5 50 per 100 lbs.
I FLOUR — California Family Extras. U 60O
i 4 0O. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. 84 5OS4 go
; Orfjron and Washington. Jobbing at S3 634? 1 "3
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%'S8tic; j
Peaches. S*i1tT\ic p^r lo; F1ir». 2-?rown brickj. >
SSV'c; 3-crown, 53c; 4-crowrw 65c; 6-crown, '
73eT bulk white. 3ii33»^c; black. 4c. Old crop !
— Evaporated Apples. 6»-fJ74c per lb.
PRUNES— 120a crop. 2© 2 Vic for th» t oar ;
sizes.
RAISINS^ — F. «. b. prices Fre?«ro for 1903 I
crop (subject to change without notice) ar« as j
follows: 50-lb boxss— Lccse Miiscatels, 4-crown. !
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4'/ic; 2-crown. 4c; Ualaga. j
loose. 3-croarn. 4c; 2-cro^vn. .J-V^c: Tacrnpeca's ¦
s'Tdlssj'. 4c: seedless Sultanai, 3I3C; seedless
Muscatels, 3%C do Beared. 3Wc; Seeded Rils
ins, 16-cz cartons, faacy. 5~ic; choice. 5^ic;
12-oz. cartons, fancy. 4?-c: choice. 4»*c: la
bulk, fancy. 5 l ic; chotce, 3c; Imperial clua- |
ters. 53; Dehesa. $2 30: fancy. J2: London 1
Layers. 3-crown. $1 2-crown. 51 23.
NITTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. 13ti^l4c:
No. 2. HH«12c; No. 1 hardainsli. 10@13^c: I
No. 2. lieil^c: Almonds. liVic tor Nonpa
reils. 11 Vic for I X L. lie for N* Plus Ultra
and 914c for Largu*<loc; Peanuts 6-&7c for ,
Eastern; Pecana. 119 13c: Cocoanuta. $4 50<S5. •
HONET— Comb. im@12i-c for whit* aad |
10911c for amber: water white extracted, 3O .
«c: light amber extracted 44©5c; dark. 3$a
fiic.
BEESWAX— 27g20c per tb.
T!m Raicln industry is again in an unsettled
and unsatisfactory condition. After waiting
some time to see -wheth-r tee growers w»ra
generally go In? into tli« asso«a!itrU. thts pack
ers have become tired and. cutting loose from
the association, are secur.ns all the acreage
they can, each actirar ir.derxw.dsntlr. Their
bldj are low. ranging frcm Ho to me under
association, rricea on atiaa*rl loose Mascaiets,
and >-ic ta v-jc lower on seeded. Many of th«
packsrn are quoUng two-crown layers at 81;
thr---cro-A-n. $1 1»: ?our-cr>>wn. $1 3O. while
others are as low as 87 "--c and i» for two
and three crown respectively. Two-crown looea
are quotid at 2**c asd 3c and three-crown 3-He
to 3Vic. The srtce named on fancy slxteen
our.ee seeded Is 5''«e.
There la nothing new la Fruits worthy c!
at st-edy rates. Thers wa» & good demand for
«TMt Grapes, but there was very tlttla srjch
stock to be had. the bulk of offerings being
small and sour and hard to sell at any price.
Common Blackberries ruled weak £t th*
minimum quotation, while everything else la
the borry line was firm and prices were gen
erally hij?h»r. Red Nettartnes were- selling at
51 per crate, while white were being pressed
for sale at .13c to 50c. A fair amount of busi
ness was reported in Citrus and Tropical
frnita aad previous prices ruled for all de
scriptions.
STRAWBERRIES— $4©6 per chest for Lcwr
wortb. and Alviao Berries and $34? 4 EO for the
larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $4«5 per chest.
JiLACKBKRRIES—^tfG CO v«r chest.
RASPBERRIES— ioiiS per chest.
HUCKLEHERRISd — 12 Sc per Ux
APRICOTS— Sraall bcs«3 aad crates. C.>1t < '3c
In bulk. $.T5®40 per ton to canners and 2C2^c
per lb to the trade.
APPLES — Jl^l 25 per box for fancy and
oOignoc for common to choice; Crab Apples.
50@0Oc per small box.
PEARS — Bartlett. 75cg$l for wrapped; la
opea boxes. 75*5 OCc for No. 1 and 33®iOe p«r
box for Not 2; Dearborn Seedltags. Z3<§5Cc
p«r small box or basket and 75©Otc for opea
boxes.
PEACHES — Small bcxes. 4C3?e3c; larga open
boi^s, 73ett*!: baskets. .1se!Wc.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50^73c per crat*
aad 23<54Cc jser box; in bulk, $20 per toa for
canninir varieties.
FIGS— 52JJC 30 per bos.
MELONS—Cantaloupes, crates frcra ths
river, *2&2 50; from other sections. $1 25.2:2;
Nutmey Melons from the river. $131 30 per
box; Watermelons flir-i r»r dosen.
GRAPES — Se*dJ»ss. 73c©*l per box or crate;
Fentalnebleau. 50<S'73c per crate; other varie
ties. 73c'(j?I '-'S oef crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, f I 50-32 50 per
box for Valenclas and $1 23«*1 30 for Us-ilter
ran«an Sweeps; Lemons, S2 253 1 73 fo- rancy.
$1 3091 73, for choice aad Jljl 23 it; stand
ard; Grap* Fruic. Jl^Sl SO; il*ai^"a Limes.
Si^4 SO per case; Bananas. Zl 2f.ft2 SO per
bunch for Central Amerlcc- and HfCH for Hi.
wahaa; Pineapples, *1 50C2 50 per <icsen.
Dried Fruits^Nttts,Raisins,Honey.
PACIFIC COD315H — Prices* ahow nusser
ous cha=z-s. beta up aad down. Bundles. p«r
lb.. 4^4"; cases, rwrulax. W 33; cases. «tra
Iar^«. «-4c: Eaat«-n style. «*»<¦?; boneless. IMt^c;
••Norway." «»Uc: "Narrow Gauge. 1 * «*^c; "Sil
ver Kl.ic." 7\c; biocits. '*Urii»ntaV «'-»e:
blocks, -S»abr!gat.'" 7c; tablets. 7^c: taldil!e^,
TtW'ic: fancy bonelsaa. 8V*53^»c; ptciled Col.
bbls. JS: pickled Cod. bal* bbla, I: T3.
less than s«rv«aty-fiT« barrels or Its e<riJv»:«B^
Nets York stock market quiet end featureless.
Kct much doing in local Stocks and Bonds.
Rates for Silver ar.d Exchang e about as before.
Local Sznk Clearings slightly behind last year.
Wheat and Barley close the zveek quietly.
Country holders oiferir.g Oats freely here.
Com cd Rye inactive, but steadily held. -
Over 400 cars of Hay in the local railror.d yards.
Pink cud Blcckeye Beans still higher ottd in demand.
Poidces easy, iszth receivers pressing sales. Onions f.rm.
Vegetables in excessive supply and tending dowr.zivrd.
Poultry market well cleaned up and f.rm.
Plenty cf fresh Fruit left on hand at the clcse.
Raisin mcrket in unsatisfactory condition czain.
Butter, Cheese ar.d Eggs still in liberal supply.
Prcz*isiens continue to drag at all points.
No further cizar.ge in Cattle, Sheep ar.d Hogs.
Numerous variations in Pacific Ccdfish.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 23.— A sharp declin* at
Liverpool, brighter prospects of maintaining
the peace between Great Britain and Russia
and favorable weather throughout the United
States cave the wheat market a weak open
ing. Initial quotations on Ssptember were
down %@%C to T /d@lc at S6;»SS7',ic. Senti
ment In the pit appeared to have undergone
a radical change and there were more bears in
evidence than had been eeen m a long time.
More favorable crop reports from the South
west and Northwest, together with an increased
movement of new wheat, were largely respon
sible for the change of feeling. There was
general selling at the opening and th« presaurw
to sell reached a higher t»n3ion as soon as
the pit crowd discovered that little support
was forthcoming frcm recent bull leaders.
During the day there were ens or two slight
rallies en covering by shorts, but the gen
eral news was against higher prices. About
the enly bull factor was a rumor of fresh
seizures of British, ships by the Russian vol
unteer fleet, but little attention was given
the report. The low point oa September was
reached at S8%®SU %c. The market was in
clined to drag throughout the day and the
close was heavy, with September at. S(JJ-,c
In sympathy with influential selling of corn
early. 3ertember opened to 14c lower
at 48tf€49Kc to 49V»c. sold off to 40c and
closed at. 43<g-49Uc.
Under the influence of wheat, sentiment in
th» «?ata pit was a little easier, but there was
enoujrh local support to hold prices Fteady at
the d«ct!iw. September closed at S2TV«frl3c.
The local buying t? shorts late in the ses
sion caused small advances in hog products,
but for the greater part of the day trading
was practically at a standstill, owing to the
strike. September pork closed with a gain of
2c; lard was u:> -^-'S5c; ribs clcscd 2 l "C3c
hi-her.
Tha leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Clcse.
Wheat No. Z—
July, old 94H 95H &414 94%
July, new 03\ 04 03 93^
Stitomber. old. 88% $S* SSVi S8«,
September, new. SI hi S7>^ St;»i S«! 8
Ocrn. Xo. U —
July 43! i» «"i -tSTi 4ST4
September 431.4, 40^ 40 49<,
D^ocmber +3^a 43^ 43'ri 45?,
Cits. No. 2 —
May 343; 34 T» 34^ 34%
July 3»U 3fl4 3»<V, 30\
Stp:emb«r -*3 Z1 32* 4 33
December M% 33H 33 33',;
Hess portf, per bbl —
July 12 73
Ser-tember 12 TT^ 12 S5 12 7714 UJ24
October 12 774 12 SCVi 12 77V, 12 82b
Lard, per 1C0 lie—
July » 8 85
Ptrtember « OS 6 l i « 82ti 6 0«
October TOO 7 00 700 700
Short ribs, rer 100 Ibs^ —
July 7 37'4
Srptember 7 45 7 S3 7 43 7 52Va
Octqber 7 50 7 35 7 47^4 7 35
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
th* 'supply exceeds the demand and the off
graded are beinr : pressed for sale and sent to
store. There Is nothing: in the way of export
business, and none se?ms possible or at least
probable with the present range of values.
•There is a pause In speculative buying./- While
we are net Advocating the. abort side of wheat
very strongly en the September and Decem
ber, yet we are inclined to think that the free
movement will further extinguish cash prc
ratnms and that the weakness therein will
bring about some further decline in th* fu
tures. Croa advices from the Northwest are.
on the whole, very favorable. The only com
plaint is that the crop la a little late."
There wan no change worthy of note In this"
market, trading being quiet and of a Satur
day character.
CASH "WHEAT. *
California Club. *l 32'4@l SSH: California
White Australian, fl 524@t 57^; Northern
Club, $1 32«4©1 37%: Northern Biuestem.
?1 62*461 55 per ctl.
FUTURES. '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Oow.
December ...*l 33 $1 35^ $1 S5 Jl S5t;
BARLEY — The week closed with a qnlet »"<1
not materially changed market. Previous con
ditions ruled. A rood deal of Barley has been
bought ui> by speculators and millers in the
Sacramento Valley during the past week.
CASH BARLEY.
Fe*ii, Sl'Jl 03"i; new Brewing: and Shipping,
?1 C5«?l 12 h; Chevali-r. nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 3 to 11:20 a. m.
C>p*n. High. Law. Close.
December ...Jl C4 ....
OATS — Of yfst»rrlay's liberal receipts some
thing like GCi** ctls were for the Government
Manlli order, hence do not ccmrf upon the mar
k«t: The trade report that the country Is
ofYerinp fretly en thl3 market, but that city
operators are *hy and acis-wmlng down these
otferinijs. l.o<.-al ofTertriffs on 'Change are mod
erate and the feeling is steady.
Reds ai> quoted at ?t ICg 1 32*S per ctl. No
other kinds offering.
CORN — Quiet. Conditions remain unchanged.
Western sacked. Jt 45^1 47*4 for Yellow,
»l 45<gl 47% for White and 51 45 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, $1 45@l SO; small
round do. $1 5Of 1 «5; White. $1 43-81 50 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 30fjl 33 for White and JL -.'3
©1 30 for Brown.
RYE — ?1 25#1 CO for new, with a sal* at
$1 .10. Old is about soce.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at *1 73$2 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1905.
STOCK 3IAEKET.
Continued on Paso 47.
- NEW TORff. July 23. — Total Imports of dry
y_-o<±j aad general merchandise at taa port
Exports and Imparts.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
of New Tork for the week ending to-day were
valued at $1.9S7.67S.
Exports of specie from New Tork for the
week were $40,240 gold and IS0O.365 stiver.
Imports of <"P«cie at New York during- the
week were $4,367,000 silver and $4,540,234 gold.
41
JOHN H. WISE & COMPANY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES
1 — — — — — — — _ __ __ __ ___ _^^___ —
§» AT AUCTION
On MONDAY. Joly 23. at 11 o'c!jc*
At BRADLEY ft SUGRTT3 SAXiZ3TJLRSC
ff? HERMANN ST.. Near ValeaeU.
By order D. D. ARMSTRONG of SasaaTSlav
Laasen Cocnty. I will sell *> HEAJ>~~oi
CHOICE SOUNT> TOCXO HORSE3. 4ir«ct
from hia raaca. Included la this let ar* sev-
eral w«ll-iaatched teams of bays, blacks ¦* 1^
grays. ThU ts a grand opportunity t» g« a.
geed sotxnd hors* at your owa price. They ar*
front 3 to 7 years eld aad bar* all b«ea
hand'.*! and driven a few times and But
positively b« sold to th* hia-h-st bJddar.
S. WATKIX3, Aii-.:3a*>«.
£» j&& j^
Wednesday, July 27
I wCl e-a at PUBLIC AUCTION
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE TJLZO
AJLTO LIVERY STABLE.
320 OTARRELt. ST.. bet. Mascn aa4 Tayter.
CbtMisttey of 57 ALL-PCTiPOSZ H0SS33.
S3 VEHICLES. BUSINESS BUGGtE3. SUR-
REYS. 3-SEATER3. BUSES. WAGONETTE3.
all kinds of WAGONS. 6O SETTS OB' HAR-
NESS. ROBES. WHIPS. BARN FIXTURES.
Tais sala Is positive: no reserve or limit; must
be sold, as buildiag is beiasr remodeled tor
other purposes and mast vacatst at or.:*
WM. CLOUGH. Aaetlcceer.
£» £ov £*
I will sen at aactJon 4O nesul of «n-pcr^3«s>
hordes. 4O sets of barneys, also a largw stock
cf camp, express sad peddling wagon*, at litt>
FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. Juiy 2B. at 11 a. p.
ADVISORY AGENTS.
Stocks, Grain and Investments: t£» Daily
Market Review; th- Financial Forecast.
SIS PINE STREET.
Rooms 23 and 21.
SAN FRANCIS-CO. CAI*
Can or write for our FINANCLM* ¦FORE-
CAST. Absolutely necessary t» tra4e» 13
STOCKS aasl CRAEiTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY, JULY 24. 190*.
42
REAL ESTATS — CITY— FOB SAX.lt., \
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$7j each— tilx lota; 1 block from ths Cours-
ing Park, and Misslon-at. cam; perfectly level,
fenced and adjoining houses.
$5oO — tour level lota, including a small
burn; halt a bluck (rum Mlssiun-st. cars;
bprlng Valley "\\ ater. 1
$it» each — Two Jots In the Abbey Homestead;
cluve to Mission-it, cars.
$150 each— Lots in the Excelsior Homestead;
not very far from cars.
$lou each— Lots ready to build on; half a
block from Silver ave.; close li> cars.
$iK0— Two level lots on View ave., nr. 2Cd st.
$i5o— Fine corner, 1 block from Chenery-st.
car lines. .
$100 — Two lots, including corner In Ocean
View
$250 each— Lots on Douglass St.. near 28th.
HEYMAN TRACT.
$200-$800— Lots. Douglass st., Hoffman ave..
22d stf; Viaw ave. and Corbett road.
$550— Choice lots on De Haru St., near -3d; ,
concrete foundations laid; ready to build on. \-
?3oo each — Two lots: street work done; near .
CourtJand' ave. and schoolhouse. :
$350 — Let on Surry st., Glenn Park District;
all street work done.
$0co— Six lota on ISth ave.. South.
$-i*V) each— Two lots, 1 block from Chenery si.
$300 each— Two flne marine view luta near ¦
Stanyan st. !
$1700 — Francisco st., near Dupont; fins lot; (
suitable for flats.
f:;oo each— Lot3 on 12th ave.. South. 1 blocst
from Kentucky st. *
$1250 — Lot on Preclta ave., 120 feet South
of Mission st.
$1COO each— Parnassus Heights lots; half a.
block from cars; streets blturolnized; cement
sidewalks laid.
5500— 24CxlOO; not far from Silver ave.; will j
make good chicken ranch. *
$75O — Merritt St.. near Eighteenth; fin* |
building lota.
jHKXi — Noe St.. near 21st; building lots. 1
$725 — 30th St.. near Noe; building lots.
$S3o eacli — Fine lots on Vermont and 25th.
BOULEVARD LOTS.
$G0O each— The cheapest lots within 1 block
of the Ocean boulevard: fenced and ready to
build on; grand view lots; have flne future
and will double In value. I
CARVILLE DISTRICT. |
$9O each — 4 lots near the Ocean House on I
small monthly payments: secure these lots I
for a future investment; they will net you bijf
returns.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
$450 each— Lots on 2Cd ave.. near Fulton st.
$850 each — Only 4 left of the lots near
Bakers Beach; nothing finer In that locality; !
street work all done and ready to build on; 1
the view is unsurpassed. j
HOMES ON RENT MONEY TERM5. ;
$1500— Cozy little home in Ocean View, j
fronting the electric cars; corner lot. i
$1450— New small cottage on lot 35x100; near j
29th and Noe sts.
$2100 — New 4-room and bath cottage Just
completed: half a block from cars: near Sliver
ave.; larse level lot, 60xl2O; sheltered from .
• the winds; fine soil ar.d pood neighborhood. j
I $2050 — Beautiful story and a half 5-room and J
; bath cottajre on Hoffman ave. and 22d st.: has ,
! electric lights and every modern convenience;
take Mlsslon-st. car; transfer to 22d.
$3700— New 1-story 5-room and bath cottar
on lot 37:6x118 on Alvarado st.. near Hoffman
ave.: beat built cottage tn the neighborhood;
everything up to date.
$2»r»o — Now being built on ¦ Vermont and
2T>th sts.; B-room and bath cottage: look at It 1
while In construction and you will s-je how .
I well It Is huilt.
I OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
I Also office cf JACOB HEYMAN CO.
! VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY. 1
. 613 CALIFORNIA ST. j
! MASON -ST. APARTMENT-HOUSE SITE.
! $12,000 — 62:0x137:6; Mason, near Jackson; |
j splendid locality for either apartment house or
1 NEW FILLMORE-ST FLATS.
1 $3000 — Four new flats of 4 rooms and bath ,
each; Fillmcre. near Waller; renting for $S3 (
per month. '-
NEW BRODERICK- ST. FLATS.
$9750— C0xl03; Broderick St.. near Green; 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine I
. view; renting for $73 per month.
POST-ST. APARTMENT-HOUSE SITE.
- $17.CCO — 54:0x137:6; Post St.. near Franklin, :
1 with house of 10 rooms and bath; excellent lo- I
cation for apartment-house.
I BUSH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
' $"50,000 — 10:0x137:6; north line of Bush it,
near Mason; Improvements consist of a lodff- >
ing-house renting for $150 per month.
j DRUMM-ST. CORNER.
$12,000 — Corner Merchant and Drtimm. with
! old Improvements, renting for $51 per month. i
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$1S5O— 23xlC0; south line of Frederick, near ;
Willard; adapted for home.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
: $11,000 — 40x137:6; Jones «t.. near Greenwich;
I 4 modern flats, renting for $S7 50. j
I PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
$15,000— 5ux00; NE. cor. 24th and Shotwell;
! Improvements consist of store, flats and house;
renting for $112 per month.
NEW MISSION HOME.
$5250^ — Castro st.. near 10th; a thoroughly !
well built new home of 7 rooms and bath, con- :
crete basement, etc.; will take $10>j© eash, tho ¦
j balance on mortgage at 6 per cent. :
i LOMBARD- ST. BUILDING LOT.
• $5000—50x137:6 feet; Lombard st.. near Van
Ness ave.. - |
W. B. McGERRY & CO..
230 Bush St.. Mills Building.
$6,000 — 16th st.; 2 flats; 6-8 roome; flne buy.
$7,000— Folsom St., near 6th.; store and flat
cheap.
$5,000^ — Natoma ?t., near 8th; four 4-room
fiats; good investment; rents $578.
$4,500— Guerrero st.. near 22d; 2 flats: 4-5
rooms; very cheap. :
1 $10,C00 — Noe et.. near Hth; S new flats; 6 •
rooms each; jfood buy. I
$4,450— Hartford st., between 17th and 18th; j
! beautiful 2-stcry cottage: 6 rooms and
bath; built 3 years; nothing finer In]
the market. - .'
$3.00t) — Misxion warm belt: beautiful 5-room 1
cottage; cheap at *4CC0. ,
$7,0C0^ — 2IM st. ; corner bargain : grand busi- j
ner« corner; store and B-room flat. ¦
$3, CCO— Florida st., near 21st; beautiful 5- !
room cottage; brick foundation base- '
ruent. . ¦ >
$7,250/ — Guerrero" st.; 2 first-class flats; 5-C
rooms: rent $53; a good buy,
BEACH PROPERTY.
$5, COO — Hyde St., near Green; 2 flats. 5-6
room* and bath. j
$10,200 — Dupont et. ; corner, store and two fl_t3 ;
of 6 rooms each; rents $1080. >
$5, COO — Stockton-st. corner; 2 o-room fiats and !
: 4-room house; lot 2Sx74.
542.CCO — Taylor-st. corner: 5 houses, 9 roonu
and bath and 1 store and 2 flats, 6-7
rcoms; rents $2€0 per month; frontage
107 :6.
$7,0C0 — Grevi St.; two 5-G room flats; flne
condition; worth the money.
TAKE a delightful trtp to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; see the lots right at the- station we are
Eclllnz so fast.
Prices $100 to $300 each.
Terms, 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.
All the lots are large: grand hume sites
amidst pleaeant surrounding*; beautiful views |
of mountains and the bay; the climate un- ¦
equaled; splendid opportunity for an Invest-'
ment: land values bound to increase, as Mill j
I Valley Is rapidly coming to the front; tho new
I electric road has shortened the time to 40 mln-
j utes fron this city; Mill Valley has all the
• conveniences of the city; flne supply of pure
I mountain water, good sewerage and dra'nag?.
I electric lights, rtcrea, churche3 and schools.
I and In fact all conveniences: lots beautifully
wooded. Send for our new illustrated book tle-
scriptive of Mill Valley. W» have an of flee
open Sundays and holidays.
LYON & HOAG.
lltl Montgomery st.
BARGAIN— Two Unlon-st. lots; also 1 flne
marlnn vlaw lot o n Greenwich. Arternccns.
SIT-3 tStetner st. I
COTTAGES with all modern Improvements;
terms same aa rent. Apcly lumber yard. 1
cor. Army and Condon sts. ¦
$0500^ — ON account of bank foreclosure; two J
elegant, new. mtx'.eni flats containing six and »
flve rooms, rsr.tinr tor $U2 50 per month;
situated on the north side of Sacramento st..
near Walnut; btnk mortgage $1:100; thU
propprty m*st be sold; .Investigate this at
one -Apply R- McCOLGAN, 301-302 Ex-
aminer building £_
FIRST time en the market. 4 flne level build-
Ing lots, onft corner, northwest corner 18th
and Douglas*: bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; S car lines; just the place for
houses or flats: only $BO per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
, O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
• 22 Mcntromery st.
$1 25 PER week: no tnterest: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to Oo: ready to build your little boma
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
. 20 Montgomery gt.. room 8.
A FINE Income property; two up-to-date flats
I air modern and convenient: good as new; '
owner has to «ell on account of soins Ea»t. j
Apply owner, SOSl Twenty-fifth si.: at hom«
I mornings befcre I o'clock.
ALL -£? rk ,F?i rante * <! fi "t class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbery. S3G Howard «.
FOR PALE— ELEOANT FLATS; up to rfate;
terms to eult purchasers; large lots en Fred-
erick. w»st cf Wlllard. Sam Glass, builder.
on premise-.
BOSS STATION.
$70«)O--A BEAUTIFUL home at Ross SMtlon:
elegant 2-story house. 0 rooms and bath: all
\late Improvements, electric lights, etc.; over
an acre of ground in natural and ornamental
groves, garden, etc. ROTHERMEL & CO.,
1 507 California st.
. BEAt/ESTATS—CrrT— TOB SAIiB. '
KASTON, KLUKlDGi: & CO. 1
WS MARKET STREET. ,
AUCTION. I
AUCTION. ' - I
TUESDAY .... AL : C ; n . ON :..JULY 20, 1004 '
At our • salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT., j
fcouth line of H st.. 820 fe-t east of Ninth
ave, 25x100 feet. The property Is sewered
and side sewered; utreet un official grade
OCEAN BOULEVARD BUILDING LOTS.
,. 5L corner of Forty-ninth ave. and K st-.
through to Forty-eighth ave., 1 desirable,
building lots; lot 30 loot frontage ¦ on Forty-,
ninth ave., Imoroved with ° stores and -J-room
flat; will be sold In subdivisions. . j
Northerly line of B st 137 feet east of Fourth ,
ave.; lot 34x03 feet; improvements consist of
7™ rf , fla t« container 5-6 rooms, porcelain
baths, larse reception room electric lights .
throughout, "led bath room; elegantly finished •
throughout; rent ?52 50 per month; con be
bought on easy terms
xt „._ MISSION INVESTMENT.
No. 207 Duncan st., beins the SW corner of
Doloros and Duncan sts.— Urt 01:6x114 feet with
L off Duncan st. (_„« feet; improvements
consist of a desirable residence containing b
roums and bath . . '
WESTERN ADDITION* RESIDENCE.
No 221H California st., west of Buchenan—
Lot 27:6x137:0 feet; improvements con«ist of a
2-Btcry residence of 12 rwtns, porcelain bath,
i! toilets: the place is in excellent condition.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. Uac-:tS-40 Chestnut St.. east of frank-
lin; improvements consist of 3 flats of 0-4-4
rooms and bath; rent $19 per month; lot 27:6x
!.'$": C feet. !
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 46l-4ttli5-461A-463-46.'J>i-ltfSA Minna St.. j
east of Sixth, being between Fifth and Sixth .
sts — Lot 50x75 feet; Improvements consist o..
6 nata of 5-5-5-5-0-6 rooms; brick foundation
of 3 feet; rent $107. J
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
South-erly line of We«t ave., 143:0 feet east
of Mission Et.— 3 bulldins 1°«. lncl udln « lho ';
SW corner of West ave. and Patton st. •
MISSION CORNER. „
SW corner of Hoffman ave. and Twenty-
fourth at.. 25x85 fe«>t — An unsurpassed view. I
1 . MISSION COTTAGE. \
West line of GoettinRen st. 100 feet north of ¦
i Silliman, being between Slllimnn st. and Sliver :
I aw.— Lot 80x100 feet; improvements consist of ;
n new cottage containlnK 6 rooms and porce- [
lain bnth; finished basement- rooms all expen- j
slvely papered and frescoed; large stable for 1
! eight horses, hay loft, etc. ; take the Folsom- I
1 et. car and transfer at Twenty-cixhth and Kol- I
fom sts. to the S«n Bruno road cars. ' j
! ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE. >
No. 2."?2 Third five, south of California st. — |
j Let 27:6x120 feet; improvements consist of an 1
elegant 2-story residence containing 0 rooms j
and bath; hlsh basement; about 2 years old;
modern In every respect.
I EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
{ m$ Market Street. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _TcO.T ' '¦
6,'W MARKET ST.
I AUCTION
j Tuesday, ; August 2.- 1004.
F EL VST. FLATS.
Nos. 813-15-17 Fell st.. wost of Flllmore; 3
elegant, modern houses, containing 9 rooms
and bath each, finished attic, basement,
beamed csilinKs, rntent heaters, tiled bath- j
rooms; unexcelled panoramic and marine view;
; lot 25x0." "feet.
i LANGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 241-U^i. 24.1-431* Langion St.. north-
west of Uryant; lot 25-75 feet; 4 substantial
, flats of 3 rocms ertch, brick foundation; rent
$lf> per month; mortgage $1S5Q at G per cent
can remain.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
! Nos. 474-71%. 470-7C',i Tehama St., east of
; Sixth; lot 25x75 feet; Improvements consist of
4 modern flats containing 3-1 rooms each; rent
?52 per month.
MISSION FLATS. |
Nog. 1 122-22 «<! Treat ave., north of Twenty-
fifth st.: lot 26x113:6 feet; improvements con-
sist of 2 elegant flats of 5-0 rocms and bath
each; r«-nt %i2 SO per inonth.
I FULTON ST. BUILDING LOTS.
> Two fine building lots on the north line of
I Fulton st., 166:3 feet ea?t of Central ave.;
I lots al! grad-d: stre« f sewered and bltumln-
I izeO: cement sidewalk and stone curb; each lot
1 £0x137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT. j
No?. ifi.Vl to 150.3 inclusive; Masonic five.,
south of Pledn-.opt st. : .'{ el««rant, modern 2-
j ftory buildings, each containing 2 flats of 5-6
rooms: new and modern In every respect; each
apartment rents for $22 T.O ppr month; gross
! rental for the three buildings $135 per month;
' pacli lot 2oxlpO feet: will sell property as .in
I entirety or each building can be sold sepa-
; ratPly If so desire-l; *ve can arrange liberal
terms credit If the party desires.
j MISSION INVESTMENT,
i Southwest corner Nineteenth and Hampshire
sts ; 2-story, bay- window building, consisting
: of 2 flats of 5-C roomn each; lot 28x91 feet:
! mortgage $2CC0 in the Humboldt Savings Bank
1 can- remain.
; FOLSOM-ST. FLATS.
i Nos. 2120-22 Folsom st.. south of Seventeenth:
' lot 24x122 feet: Improvements consist of 2 flne
flats of 4-5 roome. porcelain bath, high bwse- .
ment, brick foundation; rents $415 50 per month;
built only 3 years
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE. 1
No. 924 Page st., east of Devisadero; 2-story
family residence, containing 8 rooms and bath;
all modern Improvements; the property In flmt-
j class condition and occupied by very desirable
j tenants: lot 25x137:6 feet; terms liberal: one- I
I third cash if desired by the purchaser; balance I
i at a low rate cf interest. J
i MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 209 Minna st.. east of Third; key lot, 20x
j 70 feet; substantial dwelling thereon.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., . ',
\ C38 Market st. '
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.. j
633 MARKET ST.
$47,500 — The only corner for salo on Mason
St., south of O'Farrell; good improvements,
j rentlnR for $185 per month. 1
j $.'lO,0COr-Turk St., eaut of Polk; 60-foot front- •
j age: 4 substantial houses of 10 rocms each; 1
I rente $140 per month.
$18,000— Rents $14(5 per month; Hayes *t,.
not far from Octavla; f>5-foot frontage by 120
feet through to rear etreet; 6 flne buildings;
mortgage $11,000. .
$1.1,500 — .Tunes Bt., near Washington; 32 feet
J frontage; 3 new. modern flats of 8-S-O rooms
and bath; worthy of your consideration.
$lo,itfi0 — Fillmore St.. near O'Karrell: 3 brand ,
rew flats, containing 7 rooms, saloon parlors,
beamed ceiling in dining-rooms, paneled walls.
1 electric lights, porcelain bathtubs*; first floor
finished In pressed brick: rents $120 per month.
j $13,0<'O— Howard st., ntar Sixth; store and 2
j flats of 7 rooms each; pood Interest.
$7500 — Folsom St., through to Clementina. ;
near Fourth; the only lot In the block for sale
; with 2 frontages; nominal Improvements; rents
I $30 per month.
$6000— Natcma st,: store and 2 flats; rent $53. '
i $UO0O — Clay »t., near Broderick; 2-story and
I basement hrtuse cf 7 rooms and bath. 1
$5000— North line of Natoma 6t. ; 4 modern
flate: rents $48.
t $-1250— Clementina et., near Eighth; 4 very
j fine flats: rents $48 per month. 1
'. 52000— Modern cottage on Eureka st. of 5
rooms and porcelain bath; patent flush toilets; 1
renj*d for $20 per month. ¦
i $1850 — Mission cottasre; 4 large rooms, sta-
I tionary wash trays, patent flush toilet, etc.,
brick foundation; rent ?15 per month; good.
value.
I EASTON. ELDRIPGE & CO., i
j C5S Market et. !
! CENTER & SPADER. • * i
•j 11 Montgomery et.. Lick .House Block.
j $30,000 — Van Necs ave., grand northeast corner
, ¦ 2-story houses, rented low at $S0; lot 30x '
1 1C0. 1
$15,500— Fulton stt. nr. Franklin, 3 new up-to- j
date flats, B. 7 and 7 rooms; also 2-story '
houEo In rear; rents $115; should be In- i
creased; lot C7:Cxl.tl. j
j 523,500— Pine *t., nt-ar Gough: choice Invest-
ment; 5 flats. Just comoUted; rents $200
lot '-'7:0x120; two frontages.
$C,60ti — Rents $t>CO: 2 new flats on Alpine at.,
near Dubols ave.: lot 25x00.
$10,000— 18th et., close to Church, ." new flats
containing 6 rooms each; rents $00; lot
25x05.
Slxteenth-st. business corner; choice location;
suitable for hotel purposes; size 120x110.
$5,B00— Two-ntory double house, 0 roonri each;
rents $50; lot 43x112; on ISth et.. vtose
to Guerrero; Investigate; this property
must be soli!.
$7,CC0— Snap; on 20lh Et., nr. Noe; four flno
flit*; B rooma, renting: for $IS per month;
largo let. 80x114: 40 feet vacant.
$G,OCO— Callforr.la-st. flats; choice location;
rents $53: lot 25x1 C\
_^ CENTER & SPADER.
WE have »om« special bargains In city prop-
erty; also hemes en easy terms in Berkeley
and Alamcda; call or send for what you
want.
' $1000 only for 0-rcom cottage and lot 50x120;
near Folrom et. anil San Bruno ave. cars.
$250— Half value; 3 fine level lots, corner, 75x
! 100. at Ingieside.
$1250— Lot C0xl72 In Richmond District, near
Park.
1 $5000 — 2-story house, 7 rooms, bath and stable;
large lot, 00x137; near Oak and Flllmore
sts.
SSOOO— Reduced : extra well built 2-story bay-
window house. 10 rooms and bath; In fine-
order; large lot. '42:4x137:0; sunny side of
Pine Et.; best bargain In "Western Addi-
tion; bee this.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
McKAY & CO~Real Estate.
$2200— 5-ROOM cottage. $2500— Modern 5-room
cottnge. $1300 — 5-room cottage, .lot 50x75.
$3700 — R lots and 5-r. cottage, barn; $4000 —
2 flats: barn; driveway; bakery oven, all com-
plete for bakery; this is a bargain. ST.tQO— 2
splendid flats of O.and 0, bath. $l«00- : -2
; Vstcre«, 2 flatt», 5 and bath, each ,leas?d:
-'.ground rents $Q5 per month: on Valencia Bt.
1 $200 — Lots, level, nil ready' to build. Mc-
KAY ft. CO.. 3003 Mission: phone Church 712.
$300 PER acre*; 17 acres near Market-st. *ex-
I I tension, -Sunset District: suitable lor subdi-
viding; enly acre property for sale In this lo-
1 ; cality; good Investment; eaBy terms. -WOOD-
; WARD & COMPANY, 11 Montgomery st. ;
JOSEPH STRAUB. C30 Market St. '
$5000 — Fine cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc. :
, S rooms in basement : cor. lot Buchanan - st.
• ' $4.VK> — Elegant bay-window cottage of 5
rooms: large basement; nr. 17th and Market.
$1200— Good corner, near Chutes; 32:0x100.
SEAL ESTATE — CITY — ?OB S4LE. j
O. H. UMliSKN i Ol., 'M Jlonti'uintry *t- 'I
Ke_l Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
?<50.om>— Ktnu* *22<aj ycr annum; bualnsus cor-
ner on Aiurktt st.; trantsier puiiit;.n«w I
Improvements con&lst of 4 stores and S -
flats: iur_t> tut fronting over til feet on
Market tt. :-.--•'. .*
$30,O0O— items 4^300 per annum; fine corner
on Post st.; tt new fiats; modern in
every pajtioular; 7 rooms and bata
each; lot 67:t)xS7:«.
$20,000— Ktnts ?l«00 &0 per annum; O'Farrell
St.; 3 elegant modern flats of b-o-7
rooms acd Lath each, etc.; 25x112 :<i. j
$28,000 — Rents slb'K> per annum; Larkln st,; :> 1
iieiv modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each; 34_75. ,
$13,000 — McAllister St.; only a few blocks
from Market St.; lot 3":CxlOO; 2 houses
of 'J rooms and bath each.
511,000— Post a., near Van Neso ave.; modern
reef ck nee of 11 rooms, bath and base-
ment; 27:ttxl2u.
?1I,SCN> — nice reduced; rents $1140 per an-
num; clcfe to Fulton st. and Van Ness
ave.; 3 flats and cottage; lot 25x120 to
rear street.
$10,000 — Hcnts $1050 per annum; near Market
and Noe sts.; 3 n*w flats of 6 rooms
ar.d bath each; 25x125; Irregular; stead-
ily rented. /
59,250 — Rents $792 per annum; Howard St.: 3
fiats of 7-t> roomr and bath each; bey
windows; brirk foundation; 25x122 :0.
?S,COO — Rents JftO per annum: Oak st.; short
distance frcm Market; 4 flats of 9-5
rooms and bath and lot 27:0x120 to Lily
avenue.
?7,5OO— Rents $660 per annum; 2 flats on
Flllmore st., 5-C rooms and bath each;
rented very low; 25x110.
fC.CSO^ — Rents {WO per annum: S new flats:
Mission •earm belt; 5-6 rooms and bath
each; riKjitsege $5250 can remain; lot!
24:8x123.
$8,250 — Rents $072 per annum. whlRl can be
increared; close to Thirteenth and How-
erd sta; 3 flats of 5-4 rooms and bath;
lot S3 feet front.
$5.200 — Rents .J37C per annum; close to Gth
and Hcward ets.: 2 flats of 5-4 rooms
and rear house of 4 rooms; 25x75.
$4,150 — Rents 552O per annum; 8th ave., Rich-
mond; 2 new modern flats, bay win-
dows, high finished basement, etc.
$4,000 — Rents J444 per annum; Mission busi-
ness property j n etore an( j j>-foom flat;
27r.lCi.
For further particulars of the above and for
tho Resl Estate Record, containing a list
of property Jcr pale in all parts of the city,
apply at our office.
G. H. UMBs'EN * CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
c. m. woosTnn co., ois market st.
Ji.'CO — 2 handsome new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath; near Market and 16th
sts.: rents $570.
$20.000 — 9 new modern flats en a corner near
Duboce Park; always rented; pays $2004.
$8;uo — 2 etonv; 4 Hats on the business por-
tion of Pacitic st.: the present rents, are
very low and can bo greatly increased; lot ''
43.6 feet frontage. j
$50CO— Three U-room house* in the very best
of condition on Bernard et., near Taylor; 1
renu $jt'4; lot 47 feet front. >
$3.'UX> — Handsome story and a half high
basement cottage. 6 rooms and bath; in fine. •
condition; on Greenwich st.. near Laguna; lot
28x100 ;
CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS. ATTENTION! |
$650 each— Two fln« lots ready for building !
en- Elizabeth et. ; 2*0 feet wert of Noe; _jx1U i
each; the biggest value fn the city. ;
$tSJ<X> — Coal yard: large barn and two flats 1
on a corner near Market and 16th; lot 2SxllO; j
rents $720
J5Oi*i — Rents $6C0; lot 44xS0; 6 good fiats; !
nter the water front. !
$S7Cu — Reduced to force sale; a $10,000 rest- j
dence, modern, tunny. In the best of condition; i
8 rooms, bath, etc.; large basement and attic;
built by days' labor; lot 25x137 :b; near. La-
suna and S-utter ste.
$1S,OOO — Three elt-gant new modern down- I
town flats. 5 blocks from Union Square; al- i
ways rented; r«J's $1950. i
$u_,5O> — 137 :tt leet fruntase on Golden Gate
ave. corner near JetTcrson square: prevent im- 1
provemenu pay $3<Wo; can very easily be re- '¦
modeled into flats at a small expense.
A VERY CHEAP LOT. •
$2200 — Lot 44xl(H>; Hampshire St., near 1
20th; street bitumimaed; If properly improved (
with small flats this property- will pay big. ,
$5150 — 2 modern flats, 5 and 7 roums and I
bath: rents $600; sunny side or BuMi £t., clone ¦
to £>evis_dero; lot 27:6x»7:tt; a very cheap j
property. i
$ti~.Vi — Fcur well built flats, 4 and 5 rooms ¦
and bath; brick foundation; near lbth and
Mission; rents ?792; large lot, 50x!;5.
$l«,500 — New _pertment-house: Western
Addition: corner: rents under 5 years' secured 1
lease, $1600 per annum. :
$9250 — Three new flats on Pine st- ; rents t
$1020; lot 25x100. ;
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market st. |
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. j
Send for our printed list of property for I
! Bale In all sections of the city. |
BARGAIN— MUST BE SOLD. i
Price reduced to ?3S00 for quick eale; 2 good
substantial flats on Perry st.. near Third, In '
the very best condition; bound to Increase In !
value; this is a enap.
A COZY HOME.
$2500 — A flne cottage; 5 r. and b. ; high base-
ment; about a. year old; very modern Im-
provement; handy to ISth and Castro st. cars.
GOING FAST— GOING FAST.
Cheapest lots In Richmond District; $150 to
$000; easy terms; lots level; ready to build on;
only a few left; now is jour chance to get a
nnt lot cheap.
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$7000 — Submit offers; rents $810; 3 good,
trcbctatitial flats of 4 and fi r. and b. ; street
bltumlnized; Improvements in the vicinity are
all new.
RESIDENCE PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$8500 — Beautiful modern residence, contain-
ing U r. and b., furnace, etc.; this Is an Ideal
home: In a grand section of the city.
FLATS NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$6500 — Brand new, 3-story building on Hugo
St., bet- 6th and 7th aves., block from entrance
of Golden Gate Park; 2 flats, lower 4, upper 8
rooms, bath: exceptionally well built; big lot;
abundance of sun and light; delightful sur-
rcundlngrs; growing neighborhood; owner on
prvmlses Sunday.
BEST PROPOSITION SOUTH OF MARKET.
$14,500 — 3-story brand- new building, con-
taining 6 fiats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each, all wired for electricity? open plumbing;
in fact, every modern convenience; reutlng for j
ever $1500 a year; abundance of light and i
sun; vacancies unheard of In this section;
near the corner of Second and Harrison ets.
LYON & . HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
$*00 TO $300 EACH.
GREAT BIG LOTS.
EASY TERMS.
Near the station In Mill Valley. Why buy
a. small lot In a poor neighborhood when you
can secure a flne large lot, same- distance from
your work, surrounded by desirable neighbors,
splendid climate, fine water, schools, etc. ?
Call or write for Illustrated booklet, prices, etc.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery et.
HAWKS & SKEUTON. ~
Rmts Collected and Entire Cnargw Taken of
Property.
$17,000 — Van Ness ave., near Vallejo St.; ele-
F&nt house of 0 rooms and basement,
containing billiard -room, wlneroom.
laundry and servants' room; modern
. and up-to-date every way.
$13,500 — Fine house: Leavenworth, near Clay;
a rooms and bath; laundry In basement;
building In first-class condition; view of
Golden.' Gate from rear.
$3,000 — Oalc street, near Scott; good 2-etory
bouse of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137.
$5,500 — Congress St.. near M&sonlo ave.; new
house of 8 rooms; has view of both
ocean and bay.
$6,500 — Octavla et., near Broadway; good
house of 7 rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot is
worth the price; 25x137.
$8,000— N.W. corner lot: Lerkln and Filbert;
¦ 40x100; superb view of Golden Gate
from rear.
$8 000— S.W. corner lot: Larkln and Green-
wich; 46x07; very flne view of Golden
Gate frcm rear ar.d eide.
HAWKS * EKELTON, S23 Montgomery at.
GRAND CELEBRATION ' ;
AND OPENING OF THE ELECTRIC
STREET CAR SERVICE
AT POINT RICHMOND
AND SANTA FE TRACT.
THURSDAY. JULY 28, 1904.
FREE TICKETS
CAN BE HAD AT OFFICE
OF THE SANTA FA TRACT,
IIS MONTGOMERY ST.,
McEWEN BROS.
$300 EACH — Choice level lots; at Ocean View;
all ready fci building; \i block from car line;
easy terms; F25 down, balance $5 monthly;
chance to get a good- lot cheap.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
THE "homesr 1 we are building arc modern In
every respect, substantial In construction, and
you get Just what you order and aak for;
we are building constantly and refer you as
to our reliability and fairness to every one
i whom we have had dealings with: you will
do well to fcce ui> If .you have an idea of
becoming your own landlord ; we own * lots
In various parts of the city and know we
1 can please you In selection and prices.
1 WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Home providers,
C10 Sacramento tst.
PROPERTY OWNERS. ATTENTION! -.-,
• At ¦ the recent mectlns of the Beard of
Equalization, the assessed valuation of vour
city" property has been greatly Increased In
. j Home local! t)os and lowered In others. For
the small fee of $3 we will obtain for you
the present correct assessed valuations of
j'-jur property. «4t»*4 . .
: A. H. HERRMANN. Room 160. Crocker bldg.
A LOVELY cotUsre home on Tenth ave.'. near
Calltornla tt. ; roomy nnd modern; flne gar-
den. GECRUE I. LAMY, 33 Crocker bid*.
THEi^GALb:
JO1IX V. _Jl»a_;CKl_I.S Proprietor
A£dre*<> Cotnm_nirations to
.TOIIA' McXAUGHT
\V. J. aiAimy Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con -
cect You With the Department You 'vtisn.
Pvbllcatlcn Office Market and Third. S. F.
EiitorUl P.cotns 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. P'-r !J N "<\ k ' 7S
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies. » J- 1 ':.,^
Terffin by Mail. Including Pottage (Cash wan
Order) : ,. m
DAILY CALL flrjclud. Sunday). 1 *••«•• •?J-J"
OAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 nioa.. 4,w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •*£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *'SX ,
WEEKLY CALU 1 Year U_ii*«4_S '
(O«(]t- ££ SO Year r-stra
rOREIGN ! |_i__i'*tS Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. tvS-: IM Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHOn 12^ 0
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eamr-'.e Copies will be forwarded when re-
Kail fulweriber. In'orderlng of ad-
<rwi ehould be particular to give both | *"*J"[
AKD OLD ADDRESS In cnjer to Jj^f* a
prompt and correct compliance wltn intir r»
•uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 1OSJ
CKRKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone JvortB t?
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
(AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
XTTTV YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brcntano. 31
Ctilcn Fqtare: Murray Hill Hotfl; Flft_-ave-
oue Hotel sad Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Kfctrmcn House; P. O. News Co.: Greal
Northern Hotel; Tremort House; AudltorUm
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquett« BuHam*
iLcrr Dietanc* Telephone. "Central 2619- >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune BuSldtng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third etreets: open
•ntll 12 o'clock, every nlpht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. tn.
127 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open
until 9:30 p. m.
XQO Hayes street- open until 9:30 r». m.
SSi McAllister street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
*15 Larkin Ftreet; open until »:S0 p. m.
li>41 Mis«ion street; open until 10 r- m.
tttl Market etreet. comer Sixteenth; open
ccttl 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open urttl 9 p. m.
ir«6 Valencia etreet; open until ft p. dl
tJcrtheact corner Church and Duncan streets:
cpen until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 0 p. m.
220" Ft?! more 6treet:_>pen until 9 p. m.
EEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALE. |
t'HAlNWALL'. BUCKBEE & CO..
21b and 220 Montgomery st..
Kills building.
$$,2T>0 — Devisafiero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
fine 2-etorj- residence; lot 115x100 ft.;
yrice is very reasonable.
______ 1
$23,000— Washington St., near Locust: new
Presidio Heights residency grand ma-
rine view; 12 rooms and bathe; lot 5jx i
127 :&U ft.; one of the choicest bargains |
is this beautiful section. j
$10,000— KiJbert et., near Hyde: fine marine
view; residence oT 10 rooms end bath;
let 48x137:6 it,
$2&,000— Bush-ct. Cats, northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resi-
dence on Pierce Bt. ; 7 and 8 rooms in
flats; * rooms and bath In residence;
renu about ?200 per month; lot 30x100;
always rented.
*7,<X»0 — 3rrsaway, nr. Devisadero; fine site for
rcsijence; J^ 38:6 feet front; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
!•..¦••« — Devliadrro. near Haight: residence, S
room and bath; lot 25-125.
17 .' -• — Howard st., near Eighth: 3 flats rent-
ing fur $04 50 per month; lot 25x85 feet.
$7.500 — Union-Et. corner, near Devisadero:
elegant ir.arlne view; lot S2:6xllO feet;
must be eold.
$3,Z50 each— Filbert, near Scott: magnificent
marine view; lots 27:Gxl37:S each and
corner 55x137:6 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms.
$17.000 — 2d-st. comer, nr. Harrison. 70x95 ft.;
fine elte for factory or warehouse pur-
pose*.
$775 each — Choice marine view lots; Lake
at., 26th and 27th e.ves. ; ready to build
on; price Includes all street work, sew-
ers and sidewalks; will double In value
in one year; cash or easy terms if de-
sired.
Get a ccpy of cur printed list of properties
tor sale.
8HAIXWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
21& and £20 Montgomery et.. Mills W4.
B. GETZ, Ztoem 22, Chronicle Bids.
Owner and Dealer.
Kew Block! Richmond District! New Block!
21tt ave.. bet. Clement, and Point Lobos.
Builders. Attention!!!
_l*t avr — Graded. Sewered. Gas and Water
Lets graded and level to build homes on.
Barga!— e : ! ! Eee them at once. Very easy terms.
$S£0 to $1200— Suaset Heights Lots— $5 up bib.
$290 to $500— North of the Park Lots
Opposite Epreckels Lake and New Epeed Track.
$350 to $500— lath-ave. boulevard IoU— $3 mo.
166 to $C50— Ocean Heights and Oceanslde Level
L<ots. Eplendid view; $5 monthly payments.
(ISO tip— Excelsior Homestead Level L«tc
Cltjr Water— Fine Car Service— $A monthly.
$75 to $200— Ocean View Lots, level to build on
City water— Your own terms— See them!
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and houses— Monthly
payments.
Call at my office. Room 22, Second floor
¦ Chronicle Building.
leur kpeclal attention Ui requested.
A NEW BLOCK.
Only a minute's walk from
Children's Playground
OFFERED IN SUBDIVISIONS
ON TERMS TO SUIT.
This block is, without <ruest!on, the best of
Parnassus Heights; all graded, bitumen
etreet, concrete eidewalk: main sewer In
street; side sewer to property line of each
lot: early comers will get first choice.
Uest speculation on tho market; temporary
offit« on the block; open all day Sunday the
Mock facts the Park and H. st., bet. Third
and Fourth aves.
Very cbeau lot on 12th ave., near B et
on ycur own term*.
C. A. TURNER. 312 Montgomery wt.
XCELEON. JOHNSON & CO.,
2tC iloatsomery et.; opp. Mills bid*.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE
Kcrecl(.«ure, Prcbate End Forced Sales' of ah
Kinda will be Found In Our
rp-TO-IWTE BUYERS' GUIDE
An illustrated monthly catalogue, contalnlnr
11 carefully .elected list cf cheapest pr^pertle!
ofiercd m tte n:arket in every location «end
us your addws s»n<l we win mall you one
NELSON. .JOHNSON *co '
-P.. «t.. , opp. Mills bldg.
CITY OF hlCHMOXI).
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
The California terminus of the Santa. Fe
railroad and the Standard Oil Company is at
ItkhmoixJ: iu*t uit m the bay from San Fran-
«-i?co. w!:ere these corporations- are Fpendln-
mJHiont" of doUsrs. Buy a lot If you want to
make mon*y. Address RICHMOND LAND
' * OMPA NY, Crocker buIHIng. San IYancinco.
ronT-ALE— " I "
T*o corner*, rortheayt and northwest.
'fT.ree 'Trcnts.^es: 1C0 feet square.
• SpUntfJa manu'acturlns property; partially
Improved; office; barn, stables, ihed. etc.; price
H(i.<W>: tltlt tuftrante.fi. JULitN. tsMii'H,
Real Hftate Agrnt, 420 Moatgcsiery at.
j:S0O — COTTAGE.' 4 room*; let 23x11*] with
«-oel busiD>*!>, hnrsee. .wagens; all foes. -¦¦.-,
SiROO — Cc.tuge. « rocirs and fcath; H33, Val-
ley tX. ; let 25x10*5; }5«0 down, balance easy
iersu. D. CCFI":r.* A- CO.. 3SS3 Mic.laa $L
BE AI. ESTATE— CITY — rOB SAM.
GANCO. GUNZ & CO..
, 034 Market street.- '- ,
$15.000— Rents $12;?O a year; 4- story building,
containing store and 26 rooms above; on
Broadway, near Montgomery; lot -ox
$12,5C0— Pays 10 per cent net: secured • lease
for 5 years; choice downtown invest-
ment; 3-story building; on a main
" downtown street, 60 feet from Kterny;
big future.
$S, CCO— Rents $870 a year; 3 elegant modern
flats, 0 rooms, porcelain bath; all the
latest improvements; close to 15th and
Market Ets.; lot 25x125 feet: this prop-
erty Is in a progressive locality and
' pays handsomely on the Investment.
$7,500— Rents $810 a year; Webster-st. corner;
3 flne bay-window flate and a modern
bay-window, cottage; this property must
s absolutely De sold and a mortgage of
$5000 can remain.
$0.500— Rents $000 a year; 2 elegant modern
flats 5-C rooms, porcelain baths, gas
rrrates, beautiful mantels, plnteglajs
doors, etc. ; this property Is brand new
and on account of large mortgage will |
have to be sacrificed.
$5,500— Rents $570 a year; 2 new modern
flats, 6-6 roomn and baths, high base-
ment, which could be made into another
flat; near Duboce ave.
$5,500— Snap: Fell and Flllmora ets.: _»orth
<ide; 2-story residence. 5 rooms and
oath; fine lot. 25x1.17:0 feet.
$5,500 — Pine St., near Klllmore: elegant buy;
lot has a double frontage and If Im-
proved would pay handsomely: cheap-
est lot Jn the neighborhood: 25x127:6 ft.
$4,000— Rents $1SO a year; 2 swell double bay.
window flats of 5-6 rooms and baths;
<:lose to Geary-st. cars; lot 25x120 feet.
$5,750— Rents $630 a year; Mlnna : st. Invest-
ment; close to the new Postofflce; 4 \
trood flat* of 4 rooms each: flne plumb- ,
ing, etc.; newly painted, etc.: lot 26x
SO feet.
$3 730— Rents $3C0 a year; 2 nice little bay-
window flats. 4 rooma and baths; rooms
nicely arranged; on Lexington ave;,
near Twentieth.
$2,C0O — Mission home 0 rooms, porcelain bath,
separato toilet, large yard, etc.; very
cozy; lot 25x125 feet.
$2,400— Must be sold; Lexington ave., near
18th st. ; nice appearing home of. 6 |
rooms and bath; street bitumlniied, etc.;
lot alone worth the price asked.
$7C0 — Big sr.ap; flne building lot on north
; line of Hancock St.. between Sanchez
i and Noe < \
' SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
i 112-112A-112B Carl St., near Cole; cars pass
I the door; 3 flne bay-window flats; rents
J636 a year and could be increased; re-
; duced to StiOCO: lot 25x137:6 feet.
GANCO, GUNZ & CO..
63 1 Market etreot.
HOAO it. LANSDALE. _, |
: 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
! SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
i BOME SPECIAL BARGAIN8.
I On Paciflc Heights, north side of street;
¦ modern residence; hardwood finish through-
• out on first floor; beautiful; commands an
unobstructed marine view; lot 75x137:6; small
etable In rear; this property must be sold at
once; a flne chance to secure a beautiful home
at a bargain.
Price $30,000.
"WASHINGTON STREET FLATS.
On sunny eide, near Baker; three elegant
new flats, 7 rooms and bath each; marine
view; rents $1500 per annum; price reduced to
? 13, 500; cheap.
NEAR THE PARK.
Three handsome, new, modern flats. I block
• from Golden Gate Park; finely finished through-
out: C, 6 and 7 rooms; lower fiat leased 2 years
at $32 CO; middle flat leased two years at $33
monthly, and tenant pays all repairs; upper
Will easily bring $35: lot 26x100; a splendid
, investment; price $11,000.
AGAINST THK PRESIDIO WALL.
A new residence tract just placed on the
mnrket; select residence lots at moderate,
prices; no lot under 30 feet frontage; com-
mands view of the Presidio grounds, the golf
links nnd the Marin County hills; no stores
or flats allowed; If you Intend to buy a resi-
dence let for a home this i.i the property you
have been looking for; send for circular with
mapa nnd prices.
REDUCED TO $S500.
Two modern flats on the sunny side of Clay
&t. : 6 and 7 rooms; attic In upper flat; rented
low for $75 per menth; lot 25x127:3.
AT THE GATE OK THE PARK.
Six large beautiful building lots on Stanyan
Et. nrar Fell: sheltered from the wind and
slightly elevated eo as to command a view
of tha prettiest part of Golden Gate Park:
send for plat with prices;.. the creem cf park
property. /
A cheap lot on Green st. near Octavla.
29:Sxl."7:G; key lot: very sunny; price only
, $3000; muat be sold. '
' . HOAG & LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery ut., £an Francisco.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
' 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPTAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
I, PATRONS OF THE CAL. TITLE INSUR-
ANCE AND TRUST CO. get the best examina-
tions to be had, free defense In case of attack.
; tho company's guarantee as long as you own
j the land, and free service in closing deals, all
• for cne premium.
! FALSE IMPERSONATION, INVALID POW-
ERS OF ATTORNEY, insane grantors and
forged deeds make the Insurance policy of the
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
' a universal necessity.
A POLICY IN THIS COMPANY Is an abso-
I lute protection to you and the cost moderate..
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
• cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like iiiodprn slants of Mew York, Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
•Regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
.DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
I HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. MLIENTHAL.
1 Manager Anglo-CallfornUn Bank.
WARREN OLNEY^
Oln^y and Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
1 Paje 1 , McCutchen & Knight, Atty'a
A. T. SPOTTS.
! M*r. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
I JOHN R. SPRING,
I Capitalist. 530 California st.
MADISON & BURKE.
I REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
! ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S5S.
I 30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
j $4C,C00 — Corner on Octavia st., near Sutter:
flats renting for over 9 per cent; lot COx
87:6.
. $10,750— Page »t.: 2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7
; rocms and bath; annual rent ?000.
J $3.250 — Beaver St.. rear Noe; beautiful cot-
tage, juet the thTng for a small family;
j fino carden.-
; $4,0CO — Tenth St., near Harrison; lot 25x100*
J rent ?32.
i ._ — Hots
i $1,100 — Fillrcore st., near Grove; lot 25x
1C7:6.
$1,000— 14th ave. and A M.. cor.; 120 feet on
! the new park panhandle.
$5.000 — 2 fine " lots; Beulah st., near Stanyan:
j 60x137:6.
j $3,500 — Tremont ave., west line; 6-room col-
1 tag* in flne condition; near Frederick st.
$1,320— Harriet tt., near Brannan; lot and 2-
1 story house; must sell.
1 — — — _
! $1,075 — Harrison St., near 28th: flne cottage,
. 1 5 rooms nnd bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
t $t,5C0— Chattanooga at., near Twenty-third;
large lot, 05x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:0. on Sutter at., between Stelntr
I and Pierce.
• BullSIfiff lot* NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
i and Baker st.; In »lres to suit; price*
jj rom $20C0 ur.ward.
, : Three lotn, each 27:Cxl37:6, en south line of
,/ Geary *_, near Fillmore.
' I MADIS6N & BURKE.
o0 Montgomery st.', opp. Lick House.
, SPECIAL SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
! $12,600 — 3 new modern flats In choice Paciflc
i Heights district, east of Lairuna st.; rented
, low at $1320 per annum; It will pay you to look
. into this. .
. ', SAUNDERS & RAMACCIOTTL
> ; Real Estate, 410 Montgomery et.
• 1 _____
FOR sale cheap — Don't miss this bargain; for
'. '. a few dollars you can buy this place a housa
A - of 10 rooms; water -free; all sort of fruit
: , trees, berrie*, vegetables and flowers, and U
. > chicken sheds. 1429 20th ave.. South.
' THRKIi clccant new, modern. and up-to-date
" i flats for eale on southeast corner oJP-El^ht-
eenth and Diamond fts. .-, DAVI'.-* CONDON.
I builder and owner, on premises.
$1S5O— COTTAGE; 4 rooms; bath: driveway ;
;| barn: Valley St.. near Church; lot 25:3x114.
• I Mission Realty Co.. 2 20th St.
. ONLY $000 cash; cheapest lot on Vrcderlck st.,
near Golden Gate Park. Annlv _415 Folsom.
SEAL 2STATE — CITY— rOB SAIiS. |
SPKCK & CO..
2V0 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. •
Sellinr. . Rents Collected.
Leasinz. ' • Insurance.
MAGNIFICENT INVESTMENT.
?245,000 — Splendid liriqk utructure with stores,
basement and U0O offlcee, on a prom-
inent corncf; 137:0x187:0 feet north of
and cloee to Market St.; comparatively
lnslgniflcant expenditure would put this j :
property In flrst-cl&ss condition and t
insure ample and handsome returns on j
the Investment ; large Investors should 1
not let thin pans unnoticed. j
DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$50, COO — Larkin-st. business coiner; 87:0
frontage; stores and lodging-house;
leaned and paying 6 per cent net; want
CHANCE FOR' A TURN.
$40,000— Lot 62x275; 2 frontage*; 100 rooms;
rents $350; one tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
BUSINESS PnOPERTY.
S3S.O0O— North or Market and close to Kearny;
lot 20x137:0; ii frontages with three-
story brick building; renting for 5225
a month.
S21, COO— Corner close to Polk and California
st».. which eold for $1000 per foot; imy-
ing f> per cent; flne frontaee; stores and
flats. . - I
HOWARD STREET. j
$20,000 — Lot 25-90 feet; b^at part of Howard ; ;
et. : section with a future - K a, three-story
building on this lot now rents for
$137 50 a month; no mistake can be
jr.ade In buylns this. ¦
FI-ATS AND INCOME PROPERTY.
$12,u00— Exceptionally well-built WeBtcrn Ad-
dltion flats; nothing better for the
money In the city; murt be seen to be I
appreciates; m-iebborhood select and 1
convenient; rents 51US0 per year, i
? Flats adiOaiPg. duplicate of these, j
Juet sold laat week.) A choice invest-
ment that should not be overlooked. |
$ll,0C0 — Desirable; south of Market-st. sec-
tion; lot 25x85; on Hcward St., with
Improvements: at very lov/ rent brings j
$SO j>er month; business and dwelling.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS. • J
$6,700 — Three flne flats, in the best part of.
the Richmond district, en car line; lot '
25x120 feet; these fiats are In flrst-class j
condition and nil rented, and by tak- j
ing eubject to existing $i000 mortgage J
pave 16 per cent on Investment.
$5,CC0 — Nctv bulldlnr. store and flats: close to
Fourth »>nd Howard; rents $570 per an- j
num: ?2.50 bank mortgage at 6 per j
cent can remain; tenant ma«;cs repairs; 1
pays 1- ner cent net. |
?2,5C0 — Downtown section; 3 small flats: 1
renting very low for $20 per month; J
could be readily increased and made t
to pay handsome returns on small in-
vestment; want effer.
CHOICE I/OTS.
: $."?5,000 — Pacific Heights corner, northwest, j
137:6x27:8; unsurpassed marine view. j
$S,0CO— North Bide Eroadivay: elite residence
section; marine %tew; 27:Cxl37:6.
$4,C00— Market et. ; 25x100 ft.; close to coming
business section; a turn in this lot in
fall.
SPECK t CO., !
2C9 Montgomery St., opposite Mills bldg.
! F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY STREET.
$3,050 — Close to Golden Gate ave. and Devis-
adero «t.: comfortable ccttace of 5 .
rooms and bath, and stable: lot 25x00. j
fS.COO — Rents fC5 per month, which Is low; |
clos* to Third and Brannan ets. ; store I
and 2 flats above; substantial Improve-
I menls; sold to close an estate; any'rea-
Eonable olfer submitted, eubject to con-
firmation of probate court.
$0.0CO — Subject to confirmation of probate
court; close to Fell and Buchanan; «ub- ;
fitantial double house C rooms, and bath -
*»ach in front, good cottajje on rear j
rtreft: let 30x120: rent $S0.
$0,750 — Rrnts $62 50 per month; close to j
Broadway and Larktn; 2 srood flats 7
rooms and bath: cottasre In rear of 4
roorrs: corner lot 20x137:6.
$7,5CO — Close to Oak and Flllmore: 2 sub-
stantial flats 5 and 6 rooms and bath !
each: rents $55 p«r month; lot 25x110. 1
$12,500 — Best part of Washington st; 3 mod- j
em flats 7 rooms and bath each; rents I
$120 p»?r month. j
$0,150^ — Corner on Lcavenworth St.; store with
fiat above; rents $52 50 per month; nice
little investment.
$4,500 — Close of Jonta and Clay sts.: 2 flats
6 and 6 rooms: rents $31.
$5.500— Uest part of Hayes Valley: 2 flat?, B
end 7 rooms; rents $17 50; want an of-
fer. !
$6,000— Geary St.; 2 houses. C rooms each. 2 '
rear houses 5 rooms each: total rental i
$55 per month: lot 2Sxl20.
$5.250— Oak et.; - food flats 5 and 6 rooms '
and bath each; rents $42 50 per month; ]
let 25x137 :(>. ;
! 55,900— Golden Gate ave.: 3 flats 4. 5 and 5 '
rooms each; rents $55 per month.
$9,500 — Nrar Devisadero and Grove; 3 flne J
modern flats 7 rooms and bath each; i
rents $00 per month; lot 25x100: mort- j
Ease of $5,000 can Dfl had If desired. j
I $2,850— Want an offer: close to Halght and !
1 Ashbury; nice bay window cot t nee of 1
! 6 room* and bath; lot 25x80; mortgage
i of S10C0 can remain; balance on easy .
terms.
! $4,9CO— O'Farrell st.; good comfortable house.
11 rooms and bath; mortgage of $2,600
can remain If dealred. * '
$10,500 — Corner on Bry«nt Bt. ; stores and flats; |
rents $124S per annum. ¦
$5,e50 — Corner near Third St.; store with flat
above; cood building; rents $480 per an-
num.
$5,600— Natoma «t.; 4 good flats; rents $600
per annum. ' j
$6,750— Folsom St.. near Eighth: 3 flats 5. R !
and «• rooms each; rented low at $47 i
per menth. ,
$4,500 — Harriet Et. ; 4 good flats; rents $17 50
per month.
$6,700 — Near Duboce Park; 2 modern flats;
rents ?57 50 per month.
$7,500 — Near Valencia end Fourteenth; 0 sub-
stantial flats 0 rooms each; rents $70 I
per month. |
$7,000 — Guerrero st., nr. Seventeenth; 2 flne !
flats 5 and 6 rooms each; rents $57 50 |
per month. '
$5.250^ — Howard 8t.. nr. Twenty-flrst: resi-
dence 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x122:6.
July Catalorue now ready.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 133 Montgomery it. t
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
$15.500 — Prominent corner In business section.
; vicinity of water front ! and Santa Fe
; terminal; large lot; 48x92:6; frame,
buildings; rents $117 per month. j
$6,500 — Rrnts $600 per annum; new building j
of 2 flats, on Vermont St., near 2:Jd;
within 1 block of 24th st. electric cars. ]
$4,500 — Castro st., near 20th; house of 6 rooms i
and bath; basement, etc.
I $31, COO— Business property; vicinity of 4th and
Market; lot 20xS5: stores and lodging
house; a flne prospective buy. !
$4,000 — Laurel st.. Presidio Heights district; |
splendid cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
lot 25x112 :(5; owner going East; mutt
relL ;
$2,575 — Lombard et., near K111m6re; " frame
building of 2 flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $21; lot 27:6x05. . i
$1,350 — Broad St.. near Guerrero St.; electric '¦
cars; cottage of 4 rooms and basement; ;
easy terms; $300 cash, balance- monthly* i
payments. ' ; .' ' ~ !
$3,300 — 20th St.. near Guerrero et.: cottage of •
6 rooms and bath: lot 25x114; rents $22 '
per month.
$12,000— Pierce St.. near Halght; 3 flats of 7
rooms and bath each; rents $97 50 per
month. : _^__ i
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We Lead In Sales of Oceanslde Lots! Why?
Choice st. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
Climate!
Don't Miss This Golden Opportunity!
$500 to $1200 — Graded: ready for building. •
Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
Nothing like It in this city. All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly;
Oceanslde branch office, corner II st. and
47th ave.; also corner 49th ave. boulevard and
, K st. Open Sundays.
$500 to J1200— Choicest Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$300 to $1000 — Cheapest Richmond lots and
near Spreekels Laka and park; on Installments.
- $150 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1000 to $1000— Modern Cottages In Suniet,
Richmond, Ocesnslde and Excelsior Homestead.
Low prices! Easy terms'
; SOL GETZ & SON,- Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
! Seek a home In an Ocean View suburb
1 And your money with sense will be spent;
¦ Your wife and her children will bless you
I ¦ And rejoice In a' home free from rent. •
; A eozy cottage, 4 rooms, large basement,
¦ chicken houses, etc.; only $1100. , .
1 $2200— 7-room cottage; 4 lots on a corner, or-
' namental hedge, vegetable and flower garden;
barn, chicken houses, etc. ; terms easy.
Choicn tevel lets. $200 each.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
Lot ClxlOO, with fair improvements and
rental, or 100x100, making NE. and NW,
corners and 3 frontages; near Folsom and
10th sts. ; can't bs equaled for price; $16,000:
eplendid for factory:* JULIEN SMITH. Real
Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery stytet.
FOR " sale— Fine ' sunny bay-window residence,
8 rocms, bath nnd laundry: 2 toilets; beautl-
• • ful garden In front and back; tents and ham-
*' mocks. Api'iy owner, 2022 Pine at.
HTZA.I. ESTATS — COTTyTBY — gor Sale.
WHITE & BAYLET.
jjucc»*3or* tu
\.\ J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES 12 VERT WHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$9 per acre — IUM acr«s. comprlslns tne nnest
siock ranch In Humboldt Couuty: finest ranch-
houj* in the county; 2 smaller aweil:n«9. with
•evensl very lar^e barns; alt undir th<t best of
fct.c« and enasate&Md: sood »uiiuiy ol timber;
present owner aica>ioU <x lar^; iortune; several
thousand sh«ep. ICO head oc tattle at markat
price; 2O0l» acres more land If desired.
$2fc0l>— Only 3 miles irom Santa. Rosa; 200
¦ens; 20 acre* uiuier cuitivaiiun; balance tlm-
ber#U pasture; 4-room house; larze tiajra; run-
ning wattr.
*.sl'5o — In to-xn of Fetaluma: 213 acres: mod-
ern 4-roo:n h^use, barn, poultry nouses, brood-
; tn; 2 wagons, harness, horse, Jersey cow;
| 450 hens; all in fruit; 20,000-iallun rosorvoir;
' photos ai otike. " .>.-. J
' $6300— On Marsh Creek, near Llv»rroor«: 630
' agres: S50 tillable. Laianc-e wooded pasture;
I lair house, iarg* baru; wignn nhed. poultry
houses; water t>iped to buildlncs.
*lktt>— 5 acres; UVi naiUs ol jJebastopol; 4
acres berries. 1 aor« crcUjirJ. balance crop*:
4-rocm house, barn, aprinj; wagon; wols; tur-
niture; i-art cash.
>;>3<J0 — Complete sa^ir.'.l. equipped with mod-
' crt. machinery; water power; capacity 10,000
fe«t ver day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half cash »r lumber at marked prtca.
rUXX DAIRIES IN' HUliUOjUiJT.
$4300—3 milca irora Santa Koaa: 41 acres
rich soil, well tsaced; 3-raoni house. 2 barns.
poultry houses; 2 acr-'s assorted fruits.
$15C0 — Near Sonoma City; 4'i acres; family
j orchard; new hous», barn, poultry houses; over
: 2Ct» chickens.
I $-^7iJ0 Lake County. 3 miles cf towa; 81
' acres all fenced and crossfenced; 40 under
1 cultivation; 20 acres arfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; tt-room house, barn.
windmill and tank. . -;. ¦
$ll.jO— 4 acre, fln« land near Hay wards; 3-
room house; Junction 2 roadx; great clac» fcr
roadhouse.
HZOQ Fine summ»r resort In Sonoma Co.:
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acre*
I ccutrolling 100O acres rarute: s acres bearing
orchard- hay land: good house and 4 cottages.
' all turnlshed; bath; dancing platrorm; horsea;
! farming Implements; see this quick.
$2500— In aonoma Co.. near fcoat and ears;
162 acres; seme orchard and vineyard: corn
and grain field, garden, berries: C-room house,
a'l furnished; 2 borse*. sprlct" and road wa«uas.
harness, tools, cow. poultry; «2C0 Job if ae-
I * lr * <l * - AIJ'ALFA LANDS.
( $100 per acre — One mile of ilodesto; S acr«*
I $50*per acre — 3 miles oi Modesto; 20 seres
UP $50 per*acr«— Near Lodi. on th« Woodbrtds*
Ca3al " GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
"We hav« Eastern buyers for flrst-daaa farm
prrp«rty and poultry farms.
i $2O per acre — Rich river bottom land: ail
j dltOied for irritation ; Placer Co.. on» mil* of
town and railroad.
S17 per acre— Finest stock ranch la Placer
1 Co • 1880 acres; at railroad station; CCO acres
1 bottom land for alfalfa, balanco rolllnej all
can be plowed; carry 4C0 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming Implements. 9O cattle, 13
horses; part cash.
$1500 — 20 acres. 1V4 miles of town. Santa
I Ciara Co.: 2(» acres bearing trees and vines;
j nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fla» la-
' come; would trade cit> cr Oakland property.
I$S30— 3 miles of Geyserv!i;s; acres; «-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling.
ail In vineyard; cak trees: fine poultry farm.
i $C300 — 10O acres: 5 miles from San Jose; 14
1 acres level hay land; 7 acres full bearing
J prunes: 7-room house, bath. well. wlndmlU
| and tank. \
i $."5750 — Sonoma Co.. cne mile of Eao town; 10 I
acres a' 1 tn P*« cne » and Prunes, with fln«
! crop of corn between rows; modern cott&sa, 3
j rooms and bath, well, wlndmtil and tank;
Russian River bottom: ihs real thing.
51O,«OO— On Alum Rock ave.. 3 miles of Saa
i Jose: 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
1 drying plant; nice o-room cottage, grounds,
! *tables: electric cars Pass doer; income $20C0;
! would take clear bay property In exchange.
$1500— Hair-mile live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
' acres Russian Rivar bottom land; none finer;
! nice shade tree?, house and bare; ereat poultry
! tarm: easy terms.
$2750 — 1*> acres fine foothill land fn Contra
' Costa Co.. near Clayton: SO acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-rocm house, good barn;
water piped to buildlnss; family orchard; part
cash.
Send ttamp for the largest and most 4»-
' versi'eJ printed list on the coast.
WniTE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
2ft Montsomery *t.. room 9.
1 Property Exchang?s a Specialty.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value tor grazing — vast tracta
j suitable for eubdivision and colonizatfun. Val-
i uable not alone for grazlny. but for timber, us-
: riculture, oil, minerals or town sites. We hav*
. many tracts where frost never occurs. Wk
havti many valuable pasture lands whera gra*.»
j cattle ar» fat In April. wh»n beef commands
¦ ths hlshest price. ""'¦', .'¦
We have business property that will pay 6
; per cent net on cost for tlve or ten years' lease
, We have residences up to data, in the land of
: the lemon, oranse. sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes in
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near tho Garden
J City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 head of cattle for only $30,000.
CHARLE3 W. COE & CO..
Real Estate. Cattle and Loans, '
i 73 79 Auzerais bldg.. San Joee. CaL
I _____
{ FOR farms, timbsr. graslns and alralf* lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranch**!
call on or send for catalogue, ROTHERMEL
A CO.. 507 California, st.
| $19,000— BEAUTIFUL farm and gent^man'a
home at Boulder Creek; 160 acres, with fin*
I nio»i«>rn hou.H»», 8 rooms, bath, reception hall
electiic lights, etc.; orchard lawn and gar-
; den; stable and poultry yards; beautiful oak
and redwood groves, on trout streanv se«
this; absent owner will aell on easy terms or
exchange on city property. ROTHERMEL
& CO.. 007 California st. -»*-*-
; $32,500— 240- ACRE ranch. 80 acres grapes CO
> acres hay land, 20 acres prunes, peaches 'and
1 p^ars, all bearing, 25 acres corn, potato«»
ar.1 alfalfa, balance wood land and pastor*;
15(*» to 2<.KX> cords timber; 2 large barns- 1
dwelling: 1 windmill and tank. 5000 gal's ¦
. 75 tons hay: about 2CO tons grapes; about 25
tons dried prunes; 2 farm wagons; 1 sprlag
wagon; 7 horses; 23 head cf cattle; 15 to
20 hogs; all farm tools, etc.: Income, $7000
to $S00O annually; terms. $13,000 to $20,000
ca)«h, balance at 7 per cent: many other
plares for »a!e. Call on or addreas J O
HICKS. Healdsburg. Cal.
MITCHELL REAI, ESTATE CO..
1)72 Broadway. Owkla.nd. Cal.
1CC0 acres timber lanO. most of which la
i white an>l sugar pine: abo some fir ant} cedar;
I nearly all srocd mlllins timber; there- ar» mt>
i ernl hundred acres move aJ1oin!n_ which can
be had If desired. For quick sale tUm owner
offers it at a low rrice.
MUVHELL REAL ESTATE 1 CO.
072 L'UOADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.,
'.-¦' EXCLUSIVE AGENTS.
HVj-ACRE chicken ranch for sale; hard fin-
ished holloa of 5 twins, bath and pastry;
water piped thraush house; windmill and
tank; good well of water: barn, one brooU-
er houhe and 2 brooders, larsa enough to ac-
commodate 10OO chicks, 4 chicken-houses and j
4oo pullet*: place all well fenced and crcsa-
fenceii; f.ne location and good drainage, be-
ing on a s-outherly slope. For further tn-
I lormstion tiudrtss owner. WILLIAM WIL-
; FOUD. Cct:ttl. Cal.
j ¦
j ONE- ACRE lots at Mountatn View. Santa
; Clara County. $100 for inside. $450 for
! corners; streets graded; water on each lot;
t enly 7*i blocks from main street; partial pay-
j nionts; near station; convenient to SJunrord
University; goo'l cchooU and choice neighbor-
hood: write for map and full particulars.
WALTER A. CLARK, ilountaln View, Santa
Clara County. Cal.
FOR sale and r?nt-Surara?r homes at Mont*
Rio. Sonoma County. Cal. Address II. C.
KETCH'JM. Monta lilo, Cal.
REDWOOD CITY. blo-Jk 5. Eastern AdStttOO
(3U lots); ofciy fSTSOt Vf. STYAN. S10 Tay-
lor st . San Franetaco. .
ALFALFA land?, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Iasyjcted bargains ; monthly cata-
Icgue* sent frt*. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C48 Ifarket sV
CHEAPECT and test In America — Th» VT-ekty
Call M roct». 5«nt to any address In ta»
United Elites nr Canada one year for $1.
- -_» - 1 ¦ ¦ _?r??T^^?*~—
SAKTA OBPZ JZXLM. E3TATH.
XtJOCTRXG n.MLF.OAD e:xtension
j is the ordtr <>! ts« d;i>^h*rc now; you know
: what that n»^ans; jrr-p*r*y values mu?t in-
crease; we . have cpr>«*tunitics In the direct
l!r»e of improvement: r.o advance yet on ex-
isting contracts to Mtll; why r.ct buy a lot in
<larft»*d Park, cr Twin Luk^s. or tho llilittrv
Esplanade, or S«u Erlght. or other desirable
locations? Prices mmo from $75 p«r lot
and upward-.
ADAMS * RAR!fY.
157 PACIFH: AVK..
SA.VTA CP.l"/. r,\L.
PO12TT EICXCaOgD as A X. ESTATE.
KLTA PUSTA TRACT, at Ste~e. onfSant* r«
and electric roads; land $000 per ace; lots
50x2C0 at $1."W: orchard of 15 acre* an1
buildings. $400 per acre: monthly payments;
Mad for maps. »tc. BAIGHT. 401 CaJ.st.S.JP.
1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' -SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1904.
43
SAS HIATSO 2EA1i ESTATE."' *i
f .• N tIATEO — — - rSAN ilATEO
THE FINTST 8CBUBBAN RESIDENCi: riS-
TKKrr KSAB SAN KIIANCISCO.
V.e ha-.e a choice list cf excrtlert irsidenc*
pMjMsrtfcs. vi:!a s'.to and acreage. Don't fail
• .- »¦».• ns L*:ore buM^g. Inves-isaxe bin
i:»r«a Ftrk. Thm U 1^! pnij^rty of them all
'. • c: thoiit o«:e acre- each. Kasy term*.
Peosd ta be =-.aet *-a'.'Jali>. &ee cur local
ft. Trar.k C. BniEuiKa Etn Mai.eo oftce
c;«-a Euaaay*.
BALDWIN & KOTTCLL. 23 Test it.
YJ:*> PER acre— Two P-»cre «rd one 4-acre
irart. osck cf Fiiir Oaks; »ater ar.d erood
read*; last or thU rrcpeny left; cash
Xeetfl Fsrk— A fine country horr.e with
y-isj K«rifa and ciacsiacent tre-»; well
buUt, hcuse in gocd condition:
fo«- tale at a burials : 15 acres, all improved.
F-ir Oa.k»— Land in best part of this dls-
:ct; «reU the:ter>e>I ani wooded; ia tracts of
'r.m < to 3 •cr-*; ap«<-ial t-ran to those
Ls'M:r.s :3naei:atel7.
S>TL!3T. HODGKRS A CO..
.«.lfp?o=« Main G73. IIS Califora'a .».
:r>T.K PARK— On lir.e of 3an M&too electric
cai«; 45 rsir.utes frcm Cth tr.d Market; stiver
sr.\ water pipe* to each lot; e'.eetric.' lights.
»:wL 6 °- roc - t **** froln S 3^ *° S*°°: terms.
y.O down ajed $10 « month: ret off at "Lemlta
i-ark er.J investigate; «r^.ps eent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. HODGERS & CO.
Tel. Mw C7;i. m California st.
rumiiiijT asAi. cstatb.
$1000 — S-ROCil cottaj*; all n-.c2-ra oonren-
leneea.
$i:o:> — 4-rocn cotttre; Biedern csnvecieaces;
ctolce location, and street work all done.
fwOO— H«xi*c=ie modern home cf 10 roomi;
f.^e prcusdf; tJiia 1» a banraln.
$3000 — S-rocra rr.odern 2-ttorr hcus*: lot
:75k15<>; tt:* !s a sacrifice.
T^e have ia adiitlon to the above a camber
ef fcerg«'"«: ca«h or lr.s*.a;!iiie=tj.
ELSIKfRET REALTY CO..
ri "'?""»*. CaL
J^5— YOCIi chclee cf the few rea-jinlr^r unsold
lo'J in El»hur»t: finest kind of loU for
rardeniac purpoftce: OEly 2 blocks from eta-
tl'-r:^$5 down and $5 monthly.
$?r,3 — a. neat S-room cottage and 5 lots In
E:=:hur«t: all fenced aai under cultivation;
• i:;- tertne.
CSCAR HXY^IAN. 14 Post «.
HHa.1. SSTATE TO EXCHAKQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE OOUPAKT,
F. A_ BAJIR. MANAGER.
sum: SC7-SC8 call building.
It 1* frequenUy the case rhat a p^rty wiehas
to sell his fceldinca ror the purpose of reinvest.
i=g the proceeds in a dlStrest tiid of property.
Out long exrierienc* in thin bu?i=»es enables
Tie te often accctnrlish this double purpose by
t.It cse transaction. The only condition we
make ij that ycur property, if yon wish us to
"impose of !t for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KX2CD AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
talse up either our tiine or your cwn with
vorthltJ* cftertEFj. cr prcperty r-y heavlly
cirruriged as to leave no actual equity.
If :t has merit, whethfr "°*J own real estate
t a n:«rcaritile or rcarrar«cturing buiiness,
brisv a dfrwrript'oa of bbm to our office, stat-
¦zs trhat kisa cf rroperty you prefer in ex-
, lT^-t. and rou will be surprised how c,uici!y
»«• ran efTect the re*a!t.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
:h« onlr <-c*r!r»r.y irt San Francisco rrrakicg a
f,-c:*lty of satr.t. We make no charge for ed-
¦vertisir;*; cr any ether purpose tinless we pro-
r -'» an »irhanr« satif factory to ycu to ac-
cej*.
$25^) EQUITY in B^rke'.ey rW.decce to n-
c"-»r:re for •cr.'.r.mrr.bercJ. partly Imprevel
or Via:n»rrc\-»d co-cr:;ry prcptrty In the Ras.
•Ian River stcticr: Berkeley property cpn-
*!i«i cf 3-rooni resWtp.ce. lot 45x131. wita
tt.bl« a.=i chicke-j-hcuse ; stcne walks, grav-
eled drive: in tennklt re#idence section;
r«ar echco!. ralircad ant! electric Uses. Ad-
Cress bcx -1327. Call orflc*.
A>" fit-jar.t n*w heOM In a fine loca-
' : 'n tn <>ak!a-.'l to excbir.jre for land or let*.
P. C, LAESISi i O3.. OS Tenth st.. Oak-
".'"!. C £ i.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'SIITS
BZAL 2STATE.
HAVE YOU SEEN ThT BEAUTIFUL
ROXES WE ARE OFFERING FOR SALE?
MUST UE SCiCN TO BE APPRECIATED.
A!! »oc*r?i C"Ev«c:ctcm, the very latent
itsptweutnlM and mest perfect arrangement
•¦r-ss'
tljeal:
CHARiflNG:
IN* THE CHOICEST LOCATIONS IN
ALAMEDA.
PUECHASC A HOME IN ALAMEDA,
altbltst. rirettiest aad most desirable
vlace for a heme In the world.
N'ear Schools. Trains and Churches.
A FEW OF THEM.
K30N- decant cew K-roora cnl-nial house- %
rrcao-jsced architectural *ucc*m; beaiiti-
CaQr cesl?r.»d; every possible axrans-*-
r=*Et t=j(5e fcr comfort,
ilCOO — Xt* b-room colonial hou»e; corner lot;
a bargain; eurrminded by beautiful hcires.
tZy.C — See this Iran* If you want a bargain;
J*-roora cottage and attic: lot 50x150;
sta.tle; worth. $73C0; owner leaving coun-
try.
$110^—8 rx>rr.s ar.d bath; let 45x15?; Fan
A-.t?nio ave.
SCTT.O — 6 rocrzM aci bath; cottar* ; lot 40x150;
nearly cew.
$2rW— G-nsc= cotta«e; =*w; lot 60x150; mod-
$150 r > — Fine bargain; 4 roWras an* bath; eot-
ULge: p^rrh. Cower*, cement walks; on
principal aienue; rnuit be sold.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
:5W Park t'.. Alaaeda; I^hcne Alameda 490.
HEP.E IS A CHANCE FOR EA'ERTBODY.
GREAT BARG.VINS.
TWO SaCB WATTR FRONT COTTAGES
OX CTTNTP^L AVE.. NEAR STATION;
BARGAINS; LARGE LIST OF RBALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-rron ccttage en Ni=th «L. near atatlon;
1st 25X120; ca!y $1409.
A *r.e fc«=e en Reseat it.; Cne garden; let
BOslSC'; tear Park statlcn.
TWO BARGAINS.
5-rGoca cottage; lot J50xl25; $1800. " I' ~
P-rsc=i ctrttat-; lot 22x150; $1300.
FO?. SALE ON TAST TERUS.
$30 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUTT.
32 LOTS.
S3 :4xl2S TO .t5xl78.
PART OT" SO-CALLED FTCO1IM TRACT
TTTO BLOCKS FT.OM PIXTH-ST. STATION*.
THIRTY 5IINUTES FI^OM SAN FTCANCISCO
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FCR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FKANCI3CO
P.CAL KSTATE— A MODERN 7-P.OOM
BOUSE TN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. R. DENTCr;
1100 WEESTEn ST.. ALAMEDA.
DO TOC TTANT TO BE IXDEPSirDENT
fOn THE P.~ST OF YOUR LIFE? ,
Harrrscr:*! t Ilarxascsd win do it for you;
they ere sivlnj tTrey J^J.IOO worth cf im-
proved property.
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.
5*.>r farther ir'^rmaticn inculre of
Z'AMMOND k HAMMOND.
E?al Estate Brcker»,
1422 Perk et.,
ce:.tp.allv 4 located.
:¦:•,<: «-m cottage, 6 rocrr.s end bath: lot S9x
itS; c^ly $1*00: easy t«rn:s.
Tv -ilc.-y hc-.-te. H^mcnj aid" bath: al!
ractfern cxrvtnier.cf«; in f.n# orJer; r.orth si<ij
c^fccta Clara :. •• . r • _.- Qrand; if «old at once
S43O& r
AvjBEAimrnL. iicirs .;.-_*
<">n SSnrtaa st.. soath of Central: raodem 0-
r.?ccn house; mfltxmtdtj built; ranitary pJumb-
lrz. Lzth. hlffh Uy:rrcr.t. att!c. tar.SLh<tc»«,
«-»:ll" or city wa'er: let wOxliZ; a»t vwnr
fbouO; »iil sell fcr K>2J/0.
J. t-. HANLET. r.:o Park ft.
KEW t-roncs. rr?-i'!enc« ojj ray thore... .SJi-00
3T«* R-r-cTr. rssid«a<.e near nation.. ,.S37o»
7-r^otr !i<:u>». beauUful srouada «2£t»
4-rwrm Cuttaff* .- $I25<>
CUOICK I/0T 1 * Al.I^ PABT3 OF CITY
i:L.vnu •¦:. joh::^:;, r^i f a rk">t.
f ;-<.*— t.-OTT ACE of 5 raoT.s ca Grand Ft!
firtirt — 21<,un«l tt.: T, rooruj.
_ c^"'~ Y'" r 'l «t-: * roc=s; flso lot. KkIZO;
P»':t f«>t — Central «v;., near station;
rreat »*rrsl^.
X. U. JUSD & CO.. :C2I Park it. •
ALAMEDA ADYERT'S^TS
ATi'TRflA RTMTt E3TAT2.
I SYNDICATE *
INVEbTilENT COMPANY.
INCORPORATED IN lbb:t. > • *V
oI2 BUSH ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
1 __ BRANCH OKI-ICE. FKUITVALE.
j _ - y ,*^ e *° B*-*"y people buying liomas In
ANSWER.
Becaute they can buy better property for
lets money than anywhere around the bay.
Because they have only a State and county '
tax to pay. '
Bec&uee they have easy and quick trans-
portation to Sen Francisco, and when the ;
I Key Route system is completed, can reach I
I Market St.. San Francisco. In 33 to 40 minutes. :
j Because Frcitvale has a tetter climate with
! less 'og and uin-i than any other town around
i the bay.
Because it has a better ar.d more productive
j aoil for cardena. rrults and flowers.
Eecaui-e It has sood schools and churches
. j and no hoodlums.
' ,, 1 "* l \_ h ** sas. savers, water, electric
• l.ghts ar.d th* best roads in Alameda County.
Because, when the new boulevard from
Hl*h street iis completed, it will have the best
| driveway to be fcucd anywhere.
( i Becau«e, property bousrht to-day w'U, wlth-
• cut doubt, advance in price during the coming
**.¦*, suf ncU! * to pay not only a good interest
' fr*e B1CM! ' Invested, but mUo tt> give rent
j $5^*to?2^° tUSe8 f " SaI< &t a " PrtC " frOm
Fine residences frcm J2r.ro t* $25,000.
j Acre prbpertles from $400 ta $2500 per acre.
. j We have exclusive sale at verr reasonable
i terrps of all pre;>«rTies listed with us. Fur-
t i.ish money to bu!ld hmists, ar.4 ln«rure the
; same In the Royal Insurance C->., the oldest
¦ end best company in the world.
I ' — — — — _
. ': REMEMBER. WE HAVE
. I LARGEST LIST.
CHOICEST LOTS.
1 ! LOWEST PRICES.
; I EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
¦ j CORNER BAf-'SITT AND PUTNAM STS.
FRVITVALE. CAL.
PHONE ASH £S7.
HISTORY
REPEATS lTSt^F.
" i ANOTHER RECORD BRKAKER LAST
WLEK.
WHY?
1 BECAUSE WIT H-VVE THE LARGEST AND
CHOICEST LIST
. TO SELECT FROM.
; | OUR LARGE RENTING BUSINESS BRINGS
US IN CONTACT WITH DESIRABLE
r ' PROPERTY.
PRCPEHTY RAPIDLY ADVANCING IN
" j VALUE; TWO NEW ELECTRIC ROADS
; j ASSURED; BUY NOW.
, ! $1350 — Good 5-room cottage on Kagle ave.;
; lot 25x150; good buy.
. | J2'Ou — Cottage cf*5 rocmj on Court st ; lot
. j o^xK*; snar-
t ; $2750 — Oi-od 6-rooas house en Broadway: fine
. , garden and lawn; good location; lot 50x150;
. ! don't overlook this.
. j ?30CO — Up-to-date cottage cf 6 rooms and
': bath; Just completed; combination electric
. j light and gas fixtures; gocd location; lot SOxlS",'-
[ I J IT.;-'.- — Chance of a lifetime: modern S-room
j house on Rtilrnad ave.: beautiful garden and
. fruit trees; lot la'ixlSO; th'.s Is a beautiful
, h-.tne and will bt Facrifi«d on eetuunt of
. j owner reins to Europe: lock this up and be
. j convinced. .
! j HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
Real Estate -Brokers.
H^: Park 6t.,'Alani£da»
. ; Office cyea titindays from S:L'O a. ra. to 2 p. m.
' * bargain: bargain :: bargain:::
' ' $CCCO— Elegant 10-rocm 2-story hju*e: south
1 j side of town; toward the bay: elegant lo-
j [ cation; modern: fine lawn: cement base-
_ I raent ; house nearly n^w; cost over Sw.'l)
to build; owner leaving; best buy in town.
v j $S50»i — Modern 10-r.'om 2-stcry and basement
hocs>«; modern and u^-to-date; lot 5cx
. I 150; with f table; an ideal home: situated
, on scuth side, near elation and s:reet
• ] cars; a fine buy.
• ! HALLY & CO.,
2313 Santa Clara ave., near Park st.
1 j MODERN 5-room cottage. J1N».
Fine S-room cottage near Grand St.. $2700.
Nearly new 7-room houev. $22tK); $lw cash,
i talar.i-e.on eesy tertcjt; cost ?C»iu«?.
2 house*, lij blocks from street car, $S(V>
each.
5-rocm cottage, 1 blcck from Park Et ,
r2"X>9.
Fine 10-rocrn hou?c. 3 acres of land, $4000;
easy terms.
GEORGE L. LEWIS. 131G Park st.
ADAitS & CO.
For Alaareda real estate don't fail to call on
i us. Um r-e'fahie agents who have houses, cot-
| tages and lots for sale in the very best loca-
j Umu in Alarceda. Take broad gauge and get
1 j off at Bay station. -
ADAMS & CO.. Bay ttatlon.
• j Fhcr.e Alameda 6032.
Off.cr. cpen Buadxn frcm t> a. m. to 3 p. m.
"i.
; j FOU Eale — New cottage of 3 or more rooms;
' [ call at 1534 Union St.. Alamoda.
(2000 will basld a modern 5-rocm cot tas»;
* let ar.xl5.",; $."()O cash. $23 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
I $lSCi<>— A SACRIFICE; 2-story house, store and
flat of U room*; lot 25x150; at station; other
barzains
ROTHERME/. &. CO.. 507 California st.
v ALAMEDA — Fcr sale or exchanje, Ideal home.
9 rooms, tath. Sc- chotos. office BURNHAM.
& M.\R.=H CO.. 211 Msntg-cacry st.
I BEAUTTFUL 10-room residence !n Alameda:
let »>?xl5->. Owner. Sift Market, 3. F.. room Hi.
ALAMEPA BOOM3 Agp BOARD.
5 i NEW"LY TurnTshed sunny room with board.
: j Morten Station. Narrow Gau^e, 1541 Central.
i
I BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
t BEaaoaiiirg reai. estats.
WE HAVE A LARGE LIST OF~TOUSES
OF ALL SORTS. SIZES AND CONDITIONS:
sotse new and me<i»rn; sot.; nearly uew that
art- nice and attractive; many that are elder
and yet are or can be :nad* comfortable,
pleasant homoi.
We mention:
5 r.. near station. $1050: 4 r.. nice, modern.
$1550: C r., nice condition, near in, $1S5O; 5 r ,
near in. S2250; 6 r. and attic, modern, $2750;
6 r., new. nice location. $30C0; 7 r., modem
tightly. $32CO; S r_ modern, flr.e location near
, U. C. $3«0; 10 r.. nice condition, near »ta-
| ticn. f375u; 7 r.. moif rn. fl.i- location, n^ar
U. C $30fi0; S r.. nstr, d-i«y, $4500.
I PLEASE KSND FOU OUR PBINTUD LIST
I OF HOUSES AND LOTS.
• LYMAN ALLEN. 2123 CSNTER ST.
¦ $3500 — A HEW 2-ttory, C-roo:n house; large lot;
near the Key Route.
tiCOO — Flee 2-«tory honse of 7 rooms; corner
lot; street work all done; very conveniently
eitt:ated.
JftCOO — Near D wight way station; fine 2-story
riouee of 9 rooms; lot 70xl.'10; etreet work all
dene. \
$7CC0 — A lovely swell chalet; fine corner lot
in a first-class neighborhood, en an electric
, car line; a pretty place.
« acre* In the heart cf town, with cottage,
, I windmill. 4000-gaI. tank, large barn, cow shed
' i and tujrgy shed; fronting on rnacadamlxed
' I arrest, lor «ale at & bargain; there's money
In it.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
8E. cor. Shattuck av«. and Center St., Berkeley.
B. M. DODGE & SON.
J 1100 Broadway. Oakland.
BtHlKELEY BANK SALE.
Lot comer Wcolsey and Deakin sta., faeins
east ar.d south. IS inches above street grade,
s!=e 113x125. cne block from Telegraph-avcr.ue
cur*, two blocks from Orove-*treet cars, rive
minutes' rra'.k to Key rente ferry statlcn; street
macada.Rilz«i, etc.; a bargain at $1000; JS50
takes Jt now. Two Inside lots, s.i.-n* size, SCoii
each. Speak at once if you want thfs.
8. M. DODGE & BON.
11 'JO Eraad».-ay. Oakland.
3 !? nearly new houses from
$15>Cw to $20,000; loti from $250 to $7000; we
r"^. *v >ou * deafrable lot 3 blocks from
tnrlcht-way station, size 40x130, for $700;
I . e-5?» 2 you a Uoa »* »«> «utt on a payment
cf $j«O down, balance monthly; before buy-
ir.s. give us a call aad let us show you our >
ext*tislv« list. V. II. LAWTON & CO "147
Center st. 7
3-P.COM cottase: jood well; also city water-
chic!ien-hou»<r, fruit trees, flower garden- lot
<<«ioO; :: Mock* to irtation. either f. p or
Key R'Wt'': I-rlce 51=50; lenas <I3O c^lbI,,
fcaiaiice sin monthly: open Sun-Jays O v
KUDuLPH, L<jrin station. South Berkeley.
A SAFE INVESTMENT] Ycu mak 5 no nls-
Uk- in r urrhanta- .!c.s la the MfGee Trac» i
At prtsser.t prices. Call or r/rits ror maps aa-I I
term- Street work all dene.
FRANCIS PKBZUSJV Ueal Usta-.e and In. I
suraucc, 2121 ttattutk ave, I»i.'KKEUEY. '
UAJiLA^D APrrSITXTS.
OAST^lTD aEAS ESTATE.
A— BARGAIN; lots ITtcIOO: Slxty-thlri at., east
of Telegraph ave.; one block frcm Telegraph
and Alcatras ave. car lines; only $:X.V H.
KITTINCER. 4515 Grove st., Oakland.
i $4500 — FLATS risht In town: 5 and •'• mema:
| rent* $*7 5i» rr>.nth: a bargain. Uy TH3
ALDEN CO,. 12JU BrcaSwai.
¦ JOSEPH STRAUB. 6.10 MARKET 8T.
. $15U0 caah^ — Houses of 6 roonr.s. 2 Bttto roonw;
lot COxlOO; rented *'3» per month, near Mar-
: ket and Fourteenth sts.: f.r.e.
I THIRTIETH st.. 51*. near Telegraph ave— A
i swell new home: 8 roorna: call at ar.;- tirr*.
A 'WEEK'S news for 0 c«at!« — Th» W'yek'.y CaiJ.
I 1? pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per rear.
OAELAKO HOT/S32S 70 I.ST.
$25 FIVE reec?. bath, etc.; 12C7 Market St.,
near Fourteenth: keys there: send fcr ,-tta-
loirvw. AUifTIN. l'-CJ Croadway.
| OAKI«AI713 PUKJIXTXTilE 70S HA Till
' TO-MORROW the day fcr tarsa!s» In furni-
ture. H. Scb.eIlhaa3.Uta st..ccr.store.Oak!aa4.
I San Fi-aiicisco Advertisnv ts.
xoinrr tosoah.
' AAA-HERMAN MCKPHY.
t.Ol-SO'-'-tW Examiner bulliin*.
Quic^ rettlements: no (ilsappoir.tmenU.
b«T« expenses by dealing directly. '
| Estates, sacuotl r.vi i^-.i-. •-. undivided lnnr-
e»ts; akaigr.ui<titi> cf rents ; property In trust,
etc.; lcgacie.3. Ufe estates and undivided in-
terests ia property Dtirchaaed.
Ccurteou* treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN ML'RfHY.
A .-eas >:!*•.:• arnuu it en
iloitsa^e. 'ca real estate cr
Chattels, to city, towa
Lew rate, of interesr.
Give full particular*
ef property or thaltils.
Location, ate.
Box 43l>. Call office.
| S/LARI LOANS—
I Meney loaned salaried reopli without secur-
ity or Indorsement. kncw!e«lff» of employer er
any one /confidential and courteccs treatment;
call arcd get terms. DrVxe, 453. Parrott bldg.
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
j liberal advances en diamonds. Jawelry. at -
per cert Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
[ *HH XarVet: t»l. Main lot*. Branch. VJ Th:rd.
I MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry. se.a'i5kiE»
and valuables; cur fireprcjf vault ia protecte«J
i:ora burslaries ty electricity. PORTL.VXU
! LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton; phone Ki.nbi.
i MONEY leaned t-j salaried people, retail mer-
chants. team»ters. botrdins-houses. without
j security; easy payments: large business In i i
principal cities. Tolcidn, 55:; Parrott bUig.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans mor.ey on diamonds, Jaw-
elry acd valuables a: Z per cent per cicnta;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4j4.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OrFICTT. nor Market et.
LOANS FROM *1 TO $10.COa .
I 1 PER. cent on furniture or planes; no removal;
no cemmlssl'-in: no publicity : $25 up; quIcH.
j , quiet. corflcJer.tial. 2>> MantKomery st..nn. T.
' MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, silvtr.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bouj!»t
at W. J. HESTHAL5. tt> Sixth St.
MONEY loaned or: salaries, chattel mortgage*.
life Insurance policies, etc. United Lean ani
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on frirsl-
ture. indorsed notes and other security, a.
] F. Discount Agency. 143 Pbeian building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEHR CO.. S10 Maj-kft St.. suite 31
I ON real estate and chattels. E. W, LICX.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bids. 709 Market.
8TAP. Lean Co. ef Wyoming liars to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Ei. t!d».
! ALL lcana on diamonds and jewelry 2 percent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 3C3 Kearny.
'3% ON fumltar* * ptanoa: $15 up: no removal;
no cara. V. TREMAIN. room 91. 6 Eddy st.
1*3 PER cent on furniture ar.d piano*; no cum.
charged. ELFVING. 61G Hearst bti. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salnrt-d peopl* en notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
• j XSO3TST VAHTED.
j WANTED — Lean $10.CC0; ten year*; unqaes-
tionahle rcllateral. Box 2773. Call offlce.
MTT3ICAX. jmSTJBJJgCTarTS. ' n __ i _^_ j^
HEADQUARTERS fcr rectins ptanoa— Little-
piancs for *mall rooms, medium «ize for
average rooms, bl* pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.: piancs fcr rent at $1 per rao..
• | sen; a at $2. a. itrso number of gcod ones at
; i JP2 50 i>er mo.; cur own make pianos at $3
per mo. (t:.e> best instrument offered for th*
monay tn S. F.); a fine lisa of elegant large
: piancs fcr *4 and $5 per mo.; over 15O in-
' i atruisents to select from, all of teem gaod
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year *
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
. , CURTAZ PIANO CO., 5C0-64 Hayes si.
I . , — , — .
' | A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights:
Heir.- grand. $475; Gabler. $r»0: Krell. $-173;
Heine. $235: Sleinway. $025; Mascn & Hin-
Un $2S5; Knabe, $:»»: Fischer. $115; Behr
Bros.. $1S7; Crown. $140; Kimball, $05; Em-
erson. $125; Occidental. $10; Conrard. $37:
Collard. $55; investigate cur new rent an>i
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINB
PIANO CO.. 2.'J3-2a7 Ctary it.; Oakland.
125S Bread way.
! A FEW good upright*, returned from rent,
comprising such makes a3 ChlcSterina;. Vos«,
Steinnay. Steck. Sterlin?. Curta*. Ne.umar.
Eranl. Halnea and many ethers; prices rea-
BDBaMe; evy terns; ail guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ -& SON, ltt U'Farrell st.
! A PIANO free foe one month; If you want t->
> rent after that money applied on purchase)
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
i PIANO of good tons in handsome square rose-
wood case to b- soM fr>r $25 on ac-ount at
ciirn#r'» . removal. Apply box 2730. Call.
> Fr>K rc-nt — Piano, goud condition; Eaaersosl
eitiare; f2 cr leas; on* month free. MR.
JENKINS. 343 gutter *•.
i 8QCARB llano, carved leir*. full octave, g-w-i
condition. $^0; moathly paytneatj. 1313
M'.-.-;..-n St.
; WANTED — To bur a cood Stelnway upright
, i plarn: jrit-: lucst be liw. Address Music.
TT'k T!>irt«-«r>th i«t.. Oak'.an>l.
FINf: chavel orran. *>ld fur $33. $10 montaljr
payments. 101U M'sston st.
KOR »als — «;a^l old strin; bas3 $20; eaje $5.
573 San Jose ave.
1 UPRIGHT p»»r»o. mahe_-a:iy cas*. $147. eaaT
' ; paya^nta. soli fcr C-Zl. 13il» Mi^U.rx St.
' ONE nconth ?:aro r*nt fr»e on ptanon rente!
In Ju:y arl A'Jrast. BRUENN. 223 gutter.
A nSCUIdt upright piano for sale; as gtiod as
nrr; *1U5. 2T7 G*ary hi.
SCO FOK a f..» utricht. If you want a barsaia
call at 1IOJINUNCS. 216 McAllister st ;
i GOOD *tar<la.rd ucrtght pUr.o for saU: $33.
fTATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
! BOHMBC Pyron Mau.iy p»an«K». Cecellan piano
rU5«r. r.VRON MAl.'ZY. :K-S-tl2 Pc*t at.
NEW lorUM DJTr.e-« soli on ?3 monthly pay-
inentt. SCHMITZ & CO.. IS McAllister st,
,3-PEDAL Sieiaway cr<; Chic-kcrlnc biby immI;
i Shonlnscr. Utile a.=e.». K*-!?es. 255 O FarrsU.
STOKAGS ASS WAaSHOTJSES.
i ' A— EMPv-JRIUM Storase i Van Co.: furniture,
: i hoteebcld «xods stored, moved. shlpr«<J. 725-
, j 731 lioward St.. nr. Third: phone Grant ML
;! A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
i '¦ packrsg. shipping wareSt-usc. O. ti. and Via
; j Ntss: office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel. South 750
i CAPITAL Van and Ftnra?» Co. :{ Eddy "at.:
phone Mint 22 U: JOHN F. COOPER, pres..
furniture moved. pack;d. shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post crd Powell sta.; tel. Prl. Ex. 57L
COSKLIX'5 Str.rase^ — FBrnlture and merchan-
dise '.'>"-' Golden Gate are.: phone East 12S.
COLIJEN We«t Storage: advances made. 840
iltasicr. »t.: tel Howard »«. F. W. ZehfU3>.
PACIFIC ttent* and Furn-tars Moving Com-
pany. SJ) FIMnr.ore ?t.: phose Jackson 231.
I BKKIX5? Van and Stora^« Co.. It Mcntgomery
• i St.. tet Main 1HW». Shlpp^nif at cut rates.
T Ik iiWiilTBSS A2TO STTP7XiIZ5.
— , .. _ .-- - — - - - -¦ «.
AN exteptl'Mlly sr>«2 No. 2 Riroinaton. No. 1
1 Eoii'.h ITeinier. $25: other j typ«wrtt?rs at
•¦Isher and lcw#r prI-.-«: rentals $2 10: Tat
. Typ.-wTitrr Eschars?. 5.">1 i.*»l!fornii st.
r 2H-1I»ND tj i-e-rrrlters rel>1. i»nted. reoalrxj.
¦Wfhjtrr Tvp»»H!i':J Inwc Cr. . 5TS Market.
. 7U7L
• I MOTHERS* »nd d3ughc*r?" home treatmeat;
f bcok'et rra'.led U**: tcrrespoadence Invited,
VIA VI COi 2TW4 Van Nets av«.
? for Additional Classlfled AdTcrtlso
• ments Sec Pa^e t'orty-Fonr,
FJ?UITVALE . ADVERT'S'TS
PaUITVAlE EEAJ, ESTATE.
H. BARKMEYER.
12o« Fnutvale ave.. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$750— Cory cottare of 2 large room«, pantry
and clcaet*. hard finished; lot 1U<Jx150;
'i blocks from car line; easy terms
(Fltchburg).
$S50 — $100 cash, balance $9 per month; cot--
tiLgs of U rooms; tot 75x256, all fenced;
I guod well and pump; 4 blocks from elec-
• trie car line; will make reduction for
c&0h.
$l,:0O— Bay-window cottaxe cf K rooms, hard
finished, sliding doors, pantry, closets,
etc; lot 25x125; 3 blocks from Fruttvale
. station; terms $100 cash, balance $13 20
per month; worth Invtatlgatins
$150 cash, balance $13 50 per month for a
cottage of 4 rooms; Urg-e lot. "5x100- on
Frultvale ave., one block from Frtiltvale
station: price all told $17C0.
$2.400— Very desirable cottage, of 4 rooms, high
basement, pantry, hall; bearin* orchard,
plenty of chicken houses; lot Wx3S0; on
macadamized road; no reasonable offer
reCuied.
$5, SCO— Modern cottage of 6 large rooms and
bath; all the latest Improvements; attic
all lloored: 4 acres of choice land In
bearing orchard: 2-stcry barn, carriage
house and stable; extra good well wind-
mill and tank; this is an elejant home
and must be seen to be appreciated ¦*
$8,5CO— Two etory residence of 12 rooms newly
renovated; fireplace and stationary
washstands in each room: large, ortls-
t:c grounds: two-story barn and out-
buildings; elegant dace for sanitarium
j or doctor's home; terms $500 cash bal-
J ance on easy monthly installments
I $5,000— Elegant home on Frultvale avenue
containing 6 large wjcms. all nicely
I tinted and frescoed; reception hall, por-
i celain bath tub. all open and nickel
plated plumbir.g; large lot, 80xlfc5- ."J
iatge hothouses planted with cho"ie»
carnations; extra good well, windmill
and SCOO-gallon tank, all enclosed; will
: remove hothouses and tell for S4CC0
'• For particulars, apply, to
: H. BARKMEYER,
Near Frultvale Station, Cal.
ELROD Sc HULL. *
No. 4.t-$e<X/; chicken ranch: 4C0 chickens:
j Incubators, brooders and brooder houses: cold
, brooder; 12 chicjten houses and yarda; hors-*
I wagon, cart and harness; 5 dozen drinking
founts ami all tools necessary to handle the
[ chicken business on a large scale; comfortable
j house on ranch, which consists of 8 acres-
j rvnt $11 per month. ' '
No. 14 — $iea>; a new 4-room house, with
| bath, pantry, etc.. open plumbing, city water-
, elfcxam shaiie trees: irocd location- close to
; car line and jchool; lot SCxliO; easy terms
; No. 12 — $180U; £-room cottage; high bas«-
I m<»nt; t:ood earn, chicken houses, good gard»n
I 10 fruit trees; thfs place Is admirably located!
being on ear line and close to good school, In
I a desirable part of Fruit vale; lot 50x150
No. 17— «15<X>; new cottage of 4 rooms and
I hijeh basement, bath, pantry, hot and cold
¦ water, etc.; nicely located; lot 50x113; small
, eatfh payment, balance $11 90 per month.
No. t3 — *"J1CO; 4-room house on 2Vi acres cf
j good land: a blocks from car line; a good place
! ter chicken ar.d turkey raising; this price In-
cludes stixk now on the place; easy terms.
• Offer wanted on an S-room house, 5 blocks
from Frultvale local station: S blocks from
car line; closo to grade! school; lot 50x150-
| on corner of two streets, which has street
; work ail done; will sell cheap.
A fine dairy busiaesB In Alameda, Including
wagon, rcute, cons and all necessary imple-
ments.
We p.Ijo have a good-paying grocery business
for $4t00. Including buildings, land, grocery
and trad*.
Lots 53 to t~ per front foot; only 5 and C
blocks from loral station.
We have a great many locations desirable
for pitching a tent or building a small cheap
house for ths summer months.
Send for printed lists and maps of Frultvale
j and vicinity.
ELROD & HULL. 1310 Fruit vale ave., m
I blocko from station. Phone Brook 1651.
CHARLES F. LEE, phone Vale 236.
Oiflce *-i block from Frultvale station.
S1CC0 — $Ji'O cash, balance $10 monthly:
house of t> rooms; close to street cars and
! school: let 5Cxll0.
| $1251) — Nie< rottage cf 4 rooms; fine well of
1 good water; property all set out In email
'• fruits and youns trees; graveled walks;, fine
i place for chicken ranch or pigeon ranch: lot
j l!'*:i2»C'; cr.ly $100 cash required, balance $10
¦ j>er month.
j $*>» cash— New e^taje of 4 rooms, bath.
j pantry, hijli bi«enisiit, sanitary wayhtubs;
j chick'n yard and house; fenced and cross-
i fenced; berry vines and flowers; near local
; train and KOOOl; lot aSxl25; price all told.
I $15<iO.
, $15 monthly and own jour own home — A
j lovely 5-room, bath. rantr>". high basement.
! brick touiviaticn cottaee: handsomely dscor-
1 ated interior; steel enamel bath; handsome
; palm tr»e; full bearing fruit trees and flowers
| in abundance; o blocks from the car line;
' gradid sc!:oo! near by; lot 70xli:S; only $500
I ce#h required: price, all told, $175O.
I 55(T0 cash — Beautiful up to date bungwlow
[ <-otts«:e of 5 n-ons, rec<»pttcn hall, ba»h, pan-
I try, clTtrte lights, stationary washtube. finest
' cf plMmtinj: rear local train* and school; lot
; :;y.xi2r.; rri<e. all ti.M, $1750.
$'.C0 ca«h— Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath,
: pantry, sanitary tubs, hirh basement finished
. for summer kitchen and dlninx-room. nice re-
i reptlnn hall: large chicken yanl and house;
abundance of fruit tr°es and fiowen; close to
Ftreet ear? anrt Bchool: lot 7r3s2CO; 2 frontages;
all for $2100; easy n-.onthiy payments.
$75 lots In th2 beatititul Rosa Lee tract:
! fine foil: s:av<i view; new homes rapidly
j goin» u^: no cold winds or wet foss and tots
• x only .*75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per
: month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
; H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvala Station. Cal.
j $!)25 — Ne^at hcu.«» cf 4 large rocms; hall: brick
f«mr.datlon; well and pump: fruit trees; lot
50xlC«: abctit 2 blocks east of Frultvale
avenue; S1C0 down, balance tame as rent.
I $S50— Oocd 3- room cottagr; hall; porcelain
bathtub, washing tray*. hot and cold
% water. Fcwered. etc.; nnly 2 blocks from
Frultvale station: on term*.
[ SIS75 — -On* acre of fine. poU and new. rrv,-»l?rn
4-room cottage: bath, porch, etc.; only
me block from car Ifr.c; eary lyrics if
! desired.
51J0C — Fine cottage of .1 large rooms; goo.i
stable and barn; 3 chk-k?n-hous»e; nice
outlay r>' borrirs; well and pump, alM>
ritjr water; lcM HC.xll5; one block frcrrv,
tar lir.e.
$tGCO-— CJ.cfoe fomtt let; BSxlCS and nice '.-
rot-m ceitaKe; cemente.l Root: cntcken-
houres and fine garden, etc. ; onlj- 4 biockd
from local Mation: trrrrvi to suit.
$1650 — New rrnrfern 4-roor»i c<7tta?e; hsll;
j fnrcelain bathtnt:: hirh bi*em?nt: !nt ;!S.t
i 1?5; clr«e to Fru'tvale Ftatlcn and one
Mock from Prtiool.
! $lS7ti — New. rnod'rn Tt-rrp-m cotta"*; htll:
| batb; hiph hawrnent. Me.: lot T\J>xl7.*>;
vari«tr Of heriies, < ¦;.•. : ahrut 3 btocka
from Fruitvale av<». ; f27S down, I-.-uam-*
on monthly raynirr.ts.
$13r-0— Modern cottag. 1 of *i rc-rns and -fception
hall: bsth. etc.; lot CyXlS3:fl to alley way
In resr: or.ly 4 tlocko Trcm Frultvale sta-
tion: eswy terinf.
i f^lCC — 2V» acre?" of rnrden soil: 5-rrmri ht>!i«;e:
2 jrcfrl veils; chick- n-houws. outbuildinsa
1 ami >ard:> fcr raisin? chirkfns en a iRrjr-:
i^ale; cn» W.:«-k from o»r line and l<-rs
thun 1 rnt> tn FrUitntls lornl jttMU>n:
cash rtrtrn. rerrairrter rn mf«<t faw tfrrr.s
H. A. PLEITNKR. Fmltvale Ktat'cn. Cal.
INCOME TKOPERTY FOR SALE.
' S-«cre ranch, fruit, berries and ve*etal>If«;
! e-;uipp«>d for r.alsint; stock of all kinds*: luTf
• fr.rrr.h'rse; hat ami culil vater: win-In-.!!!;
large l>arn: Y-tjx ?ta!l?: Ftiinds-s ten- cittlo: ;>ricn
, rtdiccd (rrm §WV to 55CCy; eld cojpie want
; ta _o cast.
!. T.. f-AXTON.
¦ FruUvrlo !-'!a:iin.
H^LFBURY A TOUN-1. Fruitvale ave.. near
Ptftcfflc!— 120 I' ts. within to niinutis' tvjlk
of Frultvale station; ls.rj» list oz ccttascs;
: very easy tern*.
Tv.-o acre.3. !«ui>urb3 of Fiuitvale, half bio. k
• to enr l!n«; 51.">C0.
: BAL6BURY ft TOtWO. Frultvs'a a\c.
nr;r Postrfllee; hhoitei V«i« 17.1.
I OAKLAND A1)VKUT ? S'M"TS
O~?1CE, 10X0 UKOADWAY.
! OAgliAgP BSA^
! O'.ea;o. III.. j u j y »; j«qj
J. S. MYERS. ):eal K?fate >g-nt
Jfi<'2 Broadway. Oakland.
! Dear Sir— 1 want you to sell m%- hr.u«e en
E<Jw»rd» street at once. Reduce the price
! to $:t7;o. It has cost me $43uu. The housi*
i is new, has fcv»n ic>;ma and bath. 1 hd.i
It built fcr a home ar.d It ; 3 f.rrt-cUsa In
every way; cp*n plumbing; combltiattcu
pa* fixtures: Jot is 50x125; fronta south'
mortgage of $2:.C0 can remain. I make this
reduction In price so us to realize on It et
once. Respectfully. LOUIS D. 11EEU. Pal-
mer House. ChicaEO.
The above mentionrd property t« a flrst-
cUeh place; it is tiear the Key Route station
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street
The street is SO feet wld». macadamized and
cement walks end is a first-class nelthbor-
, hood. It Us positively a biff bargain, and to
see it mean* M buy It.
J. S. MYKKS. 10ft! Browdwar. Oakland. •
ALDEN REALTY CO.. ' ~-
31S4 TELEGRAPH AVE. /
I'HONE EL.\CK C4S1.
$500— Lot r.OslOC; near Key Route.
$Bnn— Lot SOxidp; near Key Route: Grove *t.
."•12.*o — <-room and bath cottage; ccst .$15i»o'-
lot 2T>xlOO; must bo sold.
$2400— Lot ldoxaoo; on Clareniont ave
$1.VN> — Lot 100x150: Clar«rnont Dt!>trlct".
5125C— Lot 103x170; Country Club; Claremont.
THIS OFFICE IS OPEN SUNDAYS.
THE i hcapest lot tn or near Oakland: lWx
J2« r <: over a quarter of an acre: richt clos*
to Telcsrapli av*., net far from South Berfc--
ley: tine plare for a chicken raneh and clos*
to town; price $750; th* first one to pick thl*
up k+x* it. Pee AUSTIN about it. 1002
Brou.clv.ay. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTWIS
BSAL JESTATE.
BERKELEY BARGAINS. *
51S50— McfJern cottage. 3 rooms, bath, etc. ; lot
4i/xluo; btre-it T\crk all done; close to
Ashby; cash $5Cy, balance $15 month-
.„ ty - • (isys)
5 — CO — Bangalew, 5 rooms, bath, etc; gas and
electric; oath $2C0. balance $25 monthly.
J27C0— Commodious colonial 2-story house |
(built 2 years), 7 large rooms, high floored
basement, bath, toilet, electric light, city
water, ete. ; larre Jot; Main avenue, close
to stntlon; street work done; small cash
payment: tasy installments; a snap. (1641)
5-.5C— New 2-story house, 7 well finished
room.*, bath, pantry, laandrv, 2 toilets;
let 40xl"0; otreet work and cAasnt walks
«.. ,,- r uone; r:oic> to station. (1S31)
5-j-aC — IVsfrable ixsldcnco, 2-story. 7 rocnw
(pencied reception and dining rooms); up-
to-date fittings, etc.; lot 50x100; Im-
proved aver.u-; ideal home In lovely lo-
cality, near College ave • (1SB5)
H. D. IRWIN-. Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Op<n Sundays. Carriage tn attendance.
A GOOD HOUSB IN A GOOD LOCATION
AND A GOOD BUY.
?*$ S37CO.
New 6'room dwelllr.s one block from the
T«Iegiaj.h-avcnue car line, three blocks to the
station and Cv 9 blocks to tho university; well
built and modern. ¦ • .
,,$4000.
Modern S-room house, almost new; tot ICOx
l.»o; stable, etc.; this is a bargain worth in-
vestigating; terms i
„. i NOTICE. |
\\ e have one of the largest and most com- !
r>tet£ lists of property in Berkeley. Give us
a call ar.d be convinced.
| JUSTER & BAIRP. 2137 Shattuck ave.
A SPLENDID opportunity to buy two of the
finest lets in Berkeley, aa owner Is leaving
the Stata nnd Is anxious to make a quick
|. sale; property adjoins the university grounds;
magnitictnt views; an ideal scot for a home.
Mo«t attractive home of eS rooms and bath;
all modern improvements; near Key route; on
one of tU». main avenues; price $3250.
Splendid investment; l^ lois, east of Tele-
! - graph ave. ; in choice location; street work
ti.ll doce; cement zldewaik*: at bargain figure;
can ba retailed at larger advance prices.
BOARDMAN UROS. & CO.,
133 Montgomery st.
*S0O EACH— Lots 40x120 on College avenue.
$750— Lot 5txlSO. Blake and Gro%-e sts.
*^I50 — A new ar.d lovely 2-ntory C rooms
and bath. hall, etc; lot 40x12^; c'.ose to
station.
S375U — 2-.?tory house. 10 rooms and bath;
lc: 50x125: near Dwlght station.
$1S5O— Nice cottage. 3 rooms acd bath; up
to date; street finished.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. D07 California st.
COME JUST TO LOOK
AND
ycu will surely buy one of those fine large
lots in the Hopkins Terrace; fine view; streets
to he macadamized and suwered; only ont
blocS from electric line; $SCO to $1250.
For terrra. prices and maps, we
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Center et,.
Main entrance to U. C.
$1250 — 5-R. COTTAGE: worth $1500: large lot,
fronting en 2 streets; terms easy.
$17c0 — Furnished cottage; new; $000 cash,
I $15 per month; owner going oast.
: $110<\ $14:10, $1SCO, $2i,'C0 and up for cottar?'.
$200 and up lots; easy terms.
Hnust?. etorca and flats to rent.
Phvne Derby tOS. Ml'RDOCK & CO.
Open Sundays. South Berkeley (Lorln).
?S. r 'O— FINE 1-t. 41x135, en Woolewy St., n^ear
Telegraph ave., for a few days only.
To rent In Berkeley.
House of 0 rcoms on Pwlght way, $10.
House of 9 rooms on Hearst ave., $40.
House of 7 rooms on \\he«ler tt., $27 50.
House of 7 rooms on Louisa at., $25.
Hoos* of 6 rooms on Blake St., $20.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley. Cal.
I GOOD Investments Near New Eacta Fa,
i ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2:i'jO
Lot 28x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot -H'xl.";.v mac; within block S15u
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Ecveral hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1056 University are..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
I $ir>,0«X> — Five acres of the finest residence lots
in Berkeley; on hill overlooking San Fran-
cisco B-iy; 2 blocks from car line.
$3iXK> — 6 lots on Walnut st. :. one minute from
! train; view unexcelled.
$5100 — Fine 7-rocm house near Berkeley sta-
j ticn: only f50O OowTL
; We have lots from $150 up: houses and lots
| from ?DQO up: terms $150 down, balance In
t small payments. \
! NEWTON & NEEDKAM.
2131 Center- St..
I Real Estate and Insurance.
! MODERN' burgalcw. 5 room*, bath, etc., gas
and electricity; lot 33x115; good location;
above Telegraph ave.: price $2200; cask $200
balance like rent: $25 monthly. H. C. IrI
WIN, Lorln station. South Berkeley." Open
Sundays.
BARGAIN— 5-room cottage, bath, par.tr>'. high
bo*»mer.t. brick foundation; city water; lot
»'* S C: prk-e ?155i>; terms S16 monthly; this
liouife ia rented for 16 months; open Boodays
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lcrin station. South
I Berkeley.
; BARGAIN— 5-room cottng*: high baserr.ent:
Kable. «ht<*s, rhirken-hcuser. good well; lot
;X'xl2O; all f»ni-ed and croM-f<-nced; price
$14.V); frms $200 cash, hatance $10 monthly:
rlc»« to «tatlr,n. pcIk-'oI. church and stor»«
O. A. RtJDOLPH. Or*n Sundays. Larin
station. South Berkeley.
' THt; eneapeat Jet la or near Oaklard; \c*k\2:,;
over a ru.irTer f'T an apr-; right close tn
T«!e>n^ph ave, not far frcr.i South Berkeley;
fine p!a«-«> for r chirk-sn ranch and fjlos* xn
trwn; rrii-K $7.".O: the first one to pt--k this up
retl it. See AUSTIN about it.. 1002 Broad-
I way. Oakland.
I I RENT fccttsei fW you.
I yell real csfato.
i I buy real estate.
I ln»ure. your Ufe.
I inMur* i»zsir.»t fire.
I insure «&-jinet occicientiL
I have bna;.c all the time in houses and H»s
| PHU.O MILLS. 21i" Shattuck ave. j
; 6 ACRES In the h^art of town, with cottage
witidmlll. 4000-gfcl tank. large barn, cow
tbed and buggy shed; fronting on roacada- I
rjiied street, for £aie at a bargain; there's
meney in it.
JOS. J. MASON.
SE. Cor. Sr^ttt:ck ar.d Center St.
PRETTY NEW fi-ROOM~?I0UPE'~WITH ET K
, 9AKT CAP.PKTS. AT SACRIFICE. OWN-
ERS COMPELLED TO MAKE OUK'X '
BALE. NO RE-\SONABLE OFFER R"--
FfHED. .
w. n. esaas a c<~*.. exclttsivr Aoents '
PHONE NOHTH f)2. 21-0 SHATTUCK AVE
ALHES & CflRYKLL have iO.'new houiM.
r.icst deflrabli? locations in Berkeley, for «a!"
at prices rar-glng fsora $U0O to $10,009. ls:U
for sale. Hoosea fcr rent. 2139 Center st.
$20.WX> FOR a few days only will buy a H-
reom house and barn on a corner let Iar:r»
enough to build thre-» more, houses: this prur-
•rty Is situated in the, finest residence ;«irt o*
Berkeley.
QUACKEXBCSH. real estate, insurance,
noten' public, 21M Center St.. II'Mkeley. c a j'
AN Meal home in tiie Claremont district: con-
tains 5^. acres of land, beautifully laid nirt-
creek of runriinjr water; all kinds cf fruit >
trees In bearlnc; plenty of sy.rubbory: Urge I
13-room house, hams. <-lc. ; must fc« sold. i
CHENEY & BERRY. P. O. black.
$1C5C — NEW 4-rocra cottage, all modem lm-
rrovemsnts. 1 block to Ker route: street
work all done; %HOf cash, balance S'JO per
[« month. V,: C. MOHAN', Sjuth Berkeley.
BSBKEffEV^ HOUSES TO Ii^T. [
FOR r».nt— Modern house, 13 rooms bath* I
laundry and attic; Scenic Park: near rnrk
and college; suitable large family or fra- I
terr.lty; must be seen to be appreciated I
2524 Le Cor.te ave. ,
TO LET— New fl-rocm house. 1257 Allstcn i
way. Berkeley; rent $M; key next doer
BERKELEY XtODGXHQ-SOUSSS To Lai
UPPER - stories of 3-story Lrick bulldtnr-
opposite Berkeley station. 1 block rrcm uni-
rersity ground.-: 8r> rooms, arranged to suit
tenant. LITTLE ft WOOLSEY, 2110 Ehat-
tuck ave.;. Berkeley.
FIinTYALE APVEffTS'TS
FItUITVAXE HEAL ESTAtB.
. SPECIAL j ""
FOR THIRTY DAY3.
LINDA PAP.K. LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-eent fare, Haywards cars-
streets graded and graveled : stone sidewalks'
depot on tract: lots from $it> to *200; $20 caj.i
and balance $1<} ur month: 15 blocks ta !oc;i
train; beat located prcperty on San Leanilro
road: irrad<*d ' school rn tract. Apply to s >-'
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oaklard.
**Olt rale— $2750; it cost S3750; n.n'.i fot J"U
per month: 2 cc.ttaass on Jot. 40xl.». Apply
|t3 H. ¦ S. AUSTIN. 1101 Tweiity-tblra ave
Tlast Cuklan;!.
FOK «al* — Small stock, pcultrr and frnit ranch
V tn X'vtr Frnltvr,!*; a rres-.t bor^cin- uric--
tiZO. 1*. LE1THMA.V, Llneoin ove. .
OAKLAND ADVERT y S ? 3rTS
OAKU\D KE.4L KSTATE. -
- V
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
4«0-4«2 Eishth at.. Oakland.
AN EXTRAORDINARY SACRIFICE.
$25.000— Cost $55,000 — One of Oakland's finest
mansions ot-tupyins half a block; choice
elevated location; absolutely mint be
scld to close estate; our lnstructiocs se-
cure offer; exclusive agents.
A FINE BUSINESS BLOCK.
?90,000— Within one block of eleven story butld-
Inj and on best street: we offer a 'Cne
investment, paying » per cent net.
AUTHORIZED BANK SALE.
$7,500 — Our instructions Imperative : hous«
10 rooms; corner 150x140: splendidly lo-
cated, overlooking Lake Merrttt; it's va-
cant and beLis damaged by boys: It
must be sold; tens* to suit reliable
purchaser; exclnsive agents.
$4, COO — Twenty lots. Broadway Terrace Cor-
poration closing out sale; one- fourth
cash.
$2.700 — Neat cottage, 3 room*. Twentieth and
Franklin.
$3,0CO— That beautiful cottage Queen Anne
style. 7 rooms, 50x100; sunny »l<le of
Eighth street, near Linden.
$2, iSO— Recently refused $2500; wants money
quick; pretty 8-room. rc-rcela'n bath;
. barn; 50x125: Market' at.
$1,350—10 rooms, extra fine; lot 53x163. worth
price; fine pumping plant; gas engine;
2 tanks; barn: walking distance Tenth
and Washinjton sts.; rents $30.
$5,750— Near Tnirty-eigrhth and Telegraph;
. Key route; pretty 6-rooin home; lot 48x
IIS; street compute.
_ ¦ ACREAGE SACRIFICE.
?3.850—4 acres with lmsnyvements Insured
for $25t.O: froau electric road and pro-
posed Key route to San Francisco,
which will double Its value: will subdi-
vide into 3d lots; »n»5 for rlgfct party.
A CHEAP HOME.
$1,150 — t-rcom cottaee: Eleventh and Kirk-
ham.
., ,~ A HOME SACRIFICE. / •
$3.500— It't worth S3C00; fine Colonial home.
12 rooms, stdeboard. aaatel. Hue base-
ments: fine stable: elevated lot. 50xl4'>:
overlooking the bay; well located In
wenn belt of East Oakland. If you
want to buy make an offer.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
460-4«2 Eighth st-. Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth st.. Oakland. CaL
. \
NEW HOMES.
*4M0. $4300. $4500.
Santa. Clara ave.. near Oakland av« . beautiful
home of S rooms and bath; lot 40xlS3.
$1750. $475O. $4750.
House of 7 rooms and bath, basement; com-
plete and modern: lot 40xl4(J; just being built
• I have but two of them. Call now before
j they are sold.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
Thlrty-flrst st. between Grove and Tele-
graph. Lots In this vicinity are selling ?ery
rapidly. Thirty-first street is one of the best
cross streets between Telegraph ave. and
Grove. I am offering lots at l«ast $10 per foot
below their actual value. CALL AT ONC3
and pick out yours.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Kstate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth st. Oakland. Cal.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE.
BARGAINS OUR SPECIALTY.
j $2100— A fine 5-roora cottase; all newly fur-
. nlshed: good location; near car line; well in;
will pay 12 per cent.
$2500— A half block of land and house of 6
rooms; unfinished. Inside; fine fur chickens or
plreon fann; close in; fine speculative bar-
gain.
$1350 — 5-room cottage; 30th st., near San
Pablo ave.
$2500 — An investment property; S flats: sep-
arate entrances; will pay 13 per cent; a snap;
terms.
BUILDING LOTS.
$100. $200. S3OO and upward: sons* of the
! finest lots in Oakland at tho best bargains.
$A00 — A nne tract of land near Oakland,
with small bouse, well, etc.; Just right for
piegon farm or chickens.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR NUM3SR.
954 BROADWAY. UPSTAIRS.
REAL ESTATE "HOWE." 034 BROAD-
WAY. ROOMS I AND 2. UPSTAIRS.
FOR RENT IN OAKLAND.
ONLY THREE LEFT OF THOSE FINE.
LARGE. HANDSOME FIVE-ROOM FLATS
' NOW BEING FINISHED ON THE NORTH
! SIDE OF TVV KN1 1-8ZGOJU) STnEET. EA3T
• OF WEBSTER. LAKESIDE DISTRICT: PAN-
! ELED DINIXG-RGOM; LARGE ROOMS;
i SEPARATK PORCHES. ENTRANCES BASE-
i MENTS AND YARDS: RIGHT DOWNTOWN,
YET CHARMINO VIEW OVER LAKE MER-
I RITT; LOWER FLAT $26 50: UPPER $27 50:
i NO CHILDREN: WILL BE READY AUGUiSV
I: BY DECIDING NOW WILL BE TNTED
TO SUIT TENANTS.
j JAS. B. NAISMTra. ZTA THIRTEENTH ST.
i '
I A FEW SNAT'3.
' $2,1*0 — 23x110; cottage 6 rooms and bath;
Kjrfcham *t.. house well built and in splen-
did condition: *n ideal home: must rr? seen
t-j be appreciated.
$MV) — Lot 66x131; on Echo avenue, Pied-
mrnt; convenient to Key Rcute.
$1.2S0 — 2.*xlG0: cottage 4 rooms and bath:
patent tclUt, brirk foundation; Oth and
¦ Pin* ntrecta; rent ?12 rovnth; splendid in-
: vertnent.
v,.i.">< — SSxlCC; ccttage 5 rooms and bath:
32d street.
$3.<;<<O — 10x1 1*>: s rnflins and bath; rents for
$.13 month; 27th street.
Apply to WALTER E. LOGAN £ CO.,
1< I :<. Broadway. Oakland.
. _
8. M. DODOn & SON.
110* iii^adwir Oakland.
FORECLOSURE S AT.E.
V J.Tflfln home for «2CO.
ONLY $T>-0 CASH.
Balance In terras to suit.
Hcurc, 7 roim nnd bath: lot MsIKt! loca-
. tlrn comer T.lcsrai'h ave and Slxty-flrst st.,
1 e-slit rfllr.CUy wa'lt tr< K«y Rout* '»rry era-
tlon. NO TIMn TO LC'SK IF YOU WANT
¦ THIS BAi:'?AIN.
?. M. DODGE * SON.
11C0 Broadway. Oakland. "
J3tK> CASH dewn ard only $23 per m?r.th will
j b:ij- you a ffr.s twp-st»ry house of 7 ronnis
and alcove: let IC<"» feet .l»e'|>; fruit tr»es anil
j chicken yard; high burenwnU eaaaal \ra!lc.<.
i etc.: price ?27.">O; H»)»ra! dtscount fcr ra.«h:
north of Elchth rt.. near c»nt*«-Et. station.
aro^OR sr. austin.
itVC LJrr,atiway. Oaklsr.ii.
• F. T. rortTER. 4<^ Eighth »t.
*2 <5 uO — A beautiful f-rc-rm ccttaye on Lin-
' d?o ft., betn-een and EiRht»«nth:
• only a few minutes' v.-alS to business section:
i n»ar whuoh-, chuirhe.<» and p-ibUc llbraryT «n
1 eievatH tat with 4tt-f>-t fnnta;*: this is .-»
' If you wont a g«*.'d home cheap. h?r<«
j is. jcur chance. F. F. PORTER. 4»:<J Eighth st.
i ¦
: $."575 CASH. S1O monthly — Double cottage if 4
nice room*. lmh and pantry; grand w.>U of
: scf'. serins wat^r; Al sandy loam, you::?
fruit trf*. "owirs. l-»)«anberrl<>)». raarbrTTlSj
I . and bla-.-kb«>rrte*. chicken h^t'se an1 -bam
and chicken run; 2 lets. f>3xlC0. all fenced:
nr« to'd v»»nd or tog; near electric car line,
; school, church, rostofnee and large hall; sec-
tion new. but nicely settled up; price *;:;¦;."
j in all: call or send for circular. 450 Seventh
J St.. cprtoslte Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. II. Z. JONE^. corner.
| OAKLAND REALTY CO.. "j
•j«i Ercadway. Oakland.
$25 fr**nt foot: <*nd of Key Rcu:e.
u $125 — Lota in Elmhurst.
JlSCO — 3-room hcuae and 3ti acres.
i $25 ner month — 7-room house an?) bath,
I newly ra'nted and na^red.
j *Ifi50 — New 5-r-tcm hoiwe. Piedmont and
| 424 «.; »W> cash, balance $1S 44 per month,
j Richmond and Point Richmond properties a
[ specialty.
) inrz
I FACTORY BITE FOR PALE CHEAP: CON-
t VENIENT TO RAIL AND WATER. WRITE
F. F. PORTER. 4*J EIGHTH ST.. OAK-
LAND. CAL.
¦i |
¦ t
$500 CASH will boy you a modern «-room 2-
i rtory house, with *t-»M»: lot 40x107; only 2
minutes' walk ta Key route station: halanc-
account principal and interest nnly «J4 per
month: apply at once. Box 1287. v Call of-
fice. Oakland.
FOR *ale cheap — C*»ttare. & ntnm* and h»th;
lot 37:«xl2S: 5 nlnutM to key route station:
U block from Teleeraob ave. Apply 4S7
• Sherman ave.. Oakland.
$ICO vJASH. ?13 a month, bttys cottage. 1
rcems. bath, etc.- price $1C5O. Apply at 875
Thirty-seventh St.. Oakland.
OAKIJAND ADVEBTOM'TS
OAUJ.ANO KKAI. KS-TATB.
¦-' cV ; .-^ : -^"'"- " ' - " ¦ ' ' ¦¦¦¦
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT. Int.
1C€O Broadway, Oakland— Tel. Main 147.
San Francisco** Agent, Alex. Mackie.
321 Market at. j
SANTA FE TRACTS.
SANTA FE TRACTS.
THE NEW HOME CENTER, right oa the
KEY ROUTE and S. P, LOCAL.
Quick trips to and from San Francisco.
FIVE-CENT FARE.
Large lots, 40x135, $600 to $S0O and upward.
CLOSE TO STATIONS. Mild climate. Flow-
ers all the year. Beautiful view. Street work
all compute at no cost to buyers.
LOTS AND HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
t/fftveprs/ry' or
I ' /lf/M "^rry svout*: js{$ ST.
\** i V^^lL^jI 1 !^ .™^- J JTsrTr r
L : IS"
! _" . ¦
25 TO ."0 MINUTES TO SAN FRANCISCO:
'4 ELECTRIC CAR LINES CROSS OR PASS
THESE HOME L«ITKS; 12 MINUTES TO
I 14TH ET. AND BROADWAY; 12 MINUTES
TO UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
1 Office on the Tract. OPEN EVERY DAY.
From San Francisco take Key route to
Ijorirt station, 6Cd st. Notice the tract when
you pass it on the Key route. Send postal
ior maps, prices and ' pictures of beautiful
• homes.
KOLCOilB, BREED * BANCROFT, Inc..
10CO Broadway, Oakland — Tel. Main 147.
San Francisco Asrent, Alex. Mackie,
321. Market st.
i
\ —^^— —
' E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A chance for a beautiful home on the north
' side of Thirty-second St.. between Grove and
Telegraph ave., cf 0 rooms, double perlcrs,
dining-room, stationary tube, cement base-
rtent, barn: lot 50x130. The house alone cost
$»5G0l> and can be bought for less on terms.
$3130— A beautiful home of 9 rooms; Just
finished; right close to Key route and
street cars. This home is on a corner lot,
has all the latest improvements and Is
offered at such an extremely low price
in crder to effect na Immediate sale. It
was built as a home, but owlns: to a
change of plans the owner Is unable to
; occupy it. Can be bought on easy terms.
$2600 — Just commenced; In walklnc distance
of City Hall; beautiful 5-room cottage,
with high basement and all the lateet
improvements. Plans can be changed to
! , suit purchaser. See owner at office for
full particulars.
! $2C00— A snap- 6-room cottage, bath and hish
! . basement, brick foundation; In S minutes'
walk of Key route and right close to
; street cars: lot 52:6x112; on the north
! side of the street, with open lawn and
beautiful flower garden. Investigate at
once; bargain for quick cash sale and is
a sacrifice at this price.
> ?ICOO— $150 down ar.d the balance leas than
rent will buy you a swell cottage of 5
rooms and bath, with largo lot, on sunny
i sid« of btrset. This property is close irt
and is a bargain.
E. J STEWART & CO..
1CCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
j
TAYLOR BROa <fe CO.
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial As^nia.
Telephone Cedar .'SI.
12UG Bread way, Oakland. Cal.
SPECIAL/ SPECIAL.
SPECIAL.
Taylor Brc;. & Co.: You are h:reby author-
ised .to «-!fer cwr home for ten days at tha
price cf j.*X!t»; It b cf.rr.es nTsfisary for :ne t'»
desart at once for tho Eapt. therefore the
necersitv cf Immediate sale: ths lot 13 0«>xi45
feet, -with tight large, airy and i-ommodicus
rooms every possible convenience, with hand-
gomo "mantel*. s«rvant< rocrcs and flnlshi?;!
bp^emfiit; inacadaTrtzjd StTftL cement walks,
fire Uwn. with abumlari'-e of flowers: unob-
fftructid v!?\v of Lake liaritt. the foothills
oii'l th* G"! !?:• Cat?: cn'.y 3 5hort bl.irks frmn
the ttew Key R«tr:t= and easy walVhi? dix-
tance to the hu.*'ne*s center of Oakland: it
cannct-bo duplicated for less than $70«.>U.
WE EARNTfJXLY RVICOMMEND THE
U'OVE I'HOrrKTY TO ANY ONE DESIR-
ISC \S T'T.KOANT HOME. WHICH IS OK-
KEREU^^. A SACRIFICE.
A CfOTTAGE HOME.
??UT — Five lary;c runny rt3jm<«: bath, lanndry
»r.il lafment: 'larar- l~t; rts-htly lo-.-a-
ilrn: view' if bay aivl foothills: two
btocka frr.n Key two blocks
from r<-)tfv>n*pt!j:<»; r-ast fifntare: «a?Ity
wcrth $2rh"0; term>" ran »« srrnnsetl.
W» have come choice 1 ro5id'-nre lot^
vhU-h we are offering frr naoh la^*
than mllnintpt' prTerty; nnthins: but
»na;>s RfivrrttSfr.I by o?:: fr*f convey-
anrt *lw«i>-s'at your '¦cmmnnti.
TAYLOR BRVS. fz CO.i 1210 Uroadway.
IXi'YOlT v;i?Il A HOME in the vicinity of
th* iwraifUM ¦-•f the Key Route at Piedmont
av»-n-. : e?
I hav" « rhcir* l<~t two bltcks away. 1 50 feet
l>r ZOO, for *7.V».
Some others. BOXlWl ?WC ar.d $R0O.
Mso a rhrsr far/fr. f> rooms, vrlth let 40x140,
nn«l stnb!». Tor H12O.
\r)"»><fr with frptl Pnd flowt»r> $!".O>.
On JIvrtle rtr<?»t; half blf* from »tr:et cars:
iefgntfrtienied h^ure; tot :^>x??"; ftm>.
j^ '«»ver)-ropir»^1 house "n Wtst etreet. near
i:»th street: mcd'rn. SSJ'SO.
Vn CStfc »>r Villa avenue: on* b!«v-k from !«ta-
MKn at Or.Men Ojite: lot 10"slI2 feet. Just
the- th'n^ fw thr»c cr,tt.-K*s: *UXQ. All cash,
cr ?-1f0 cash ar.ti Riirtaa^e'zt, 7H per cent.
XF YOU CAN Pf} H'vTTSR. GO ELSE-
ij.' rbu wast oTirnn paying invest-
MRNT8 .lATH^R THAN REAL ESTATE
I CAN BS OF SERVICE TO YOU.
IP YOU CANNCT DO BETTER CALL ON
W. E. BARNARD,
470 TENTH ST. OAKLAND.'
BELDEN'3 BARGAIN'S.
S!VJ> buys a 40-ft. lot near 2d ave. and E
lllh-st. and Lake Shor? bc»»levard.
$03Q — Reduced for a quick sale: extra chilce
r?sld»nt site. 40xtlS fo«t. In beautiful Colles,-e
Ht1*r<ts» .T4th and Webster Bts.
$W0 wl!l buy a ">0-foot lot on S3d st, near
Weft. Gr?.t> U quick.
$.10 rer f»v:t rn!y — 30-foot lot on El Dorado
avenue, tn- Linda Vista terrace, five minutes to
Key route: surroundlns lots held from $U> to
C5rt per foot.
SfCQ — Elesant ttrracc lot. 4f>xl40. r,r\ the
crown rf"the hill: 7th ave. and Eapt 20th et. ;
srsr<' view; suirnunded bv beautiful honi^s.
?2SC0— Fine six-rtttui cottnsr. richt In center
of town and the best 1) trsrnin ev«r offere<i.
IlELDEN Real Estate, 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. * • . -
. $lf>«">0 — A SNAP; cottage. 4 rooms: lot 25x113;
Eighteenth St.. near Center.
$l7r>O— Neat modern cottage. 7 rtwrns- Ic f
4SxlK'>: rtne Icc^rton: East Oakland.^ *
$S50«> — New and modern 3- story hotsj wfth
stcres on l»it 5CxOO; Grove «t. ; pays ti 3 i n .
teresf. butldir* aloc4» worth nrice asket}
RCTHERMEL & CO., 507 CallfornU at.
$3730 — MODERN 9-rooaa residence; 3 blocks
from Broadway and Eighth st. : srood for
euiv-rentinir room*, etc., THE ALDEN CO.,
1233 Broadway.¦- . • •-¦-.¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY ,24, 1904.
44
IiOPOIKO-HOTTSSa rOB SAI.:E — Con.
A HOTEL In Oakland, finely furnished; rent
less than $3' per room: clears from $-30
to $300 per month; lea<e; •"^•""ftJ^J!
bargain: best of reason for selllns. *«TC»-
ENER & BARTON. 010 Broadway. Oakland.
EXCHANGE for. flat— One lady haB l*l r <*>" 1
house, another »16 room*., another 18 rooms,
another 27 rooms. Box 1&T3. Call office.
0-ROOM house. 112 Fourth st; cheap at $100;
make effer.
10 ROOMS; $150 rash. Call after 11 a. m.
Suite E, 329 O'Farrell st.
FOR Pale— Apartment house. 24 rooms ; flne
location : furnhure all nearly new. Box —1*.
Call office. I ¦
16 ' ROOMS handsomely furnished ,£> r - t , h ° u fV
keeping; must sell; very cheap. 1015B **om.
FOURTEEN rcoms cheap; no reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth st. ,
FURNISHED house of 10 rcoms for sale; price
$550; going away. 725 Polk st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
epened at 1008"-Mark«t st.. opposite Flftn.
Open until 11 p. m.
CI.OTHIITQ EEITOVATHTQ.
SUITS cleaned *> and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
A' WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OOI*MCTIOM^ OrPIgEg. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main C380.
SPIBITUAI.IgM.
A LOST child* recovered through the ad-rloe of
ISMAR. the Gypsy. See page 48.
DEAD trance medium: 'very successful in
mining; circles Men., Wed. and Fri.. Sp.ni
325 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
nlght, 8 o'clock; $1. 1084 Buah st. i
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate- writing, heal-
ing 1 , developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2043.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE- REYNOLDS' seance for full
forms Sunday eve., 50c. 328 Ellis sL
EDWARD EARLE has returned; seance to-
night. 1052 Ellis St.; phone Sutter 3994,
A WEEK' 8 news for 5 cents — The Weekly Catt,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
C-LATRVOYAI-rra. _^
A — RISE to Eminence and Success.
A — Temple of Occult Science.
Mysterious power. ELLSMERE.
Ellemere — Doubt no mere.
Ellsmere — Trouble leaves you.
Ellsmere — Success.
Permanently Located.
8 offices — 1007^ Market st. — 3 offices.
This week only, a full $3 reading for
$1. $1. $1. i Jl. $1. $1. |1.
Ellsmere — Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant.
Prophet. Psychic Palmist.
Educated by the Adepts of India.
You have never consulted one so
Fully endowed with Psychic Occult Power.
If dissatisfied before, call and b« convinced.
The Greatest Clearvoyant in the World.
Tells your full name, age, occupation,
whom and when you marry, bow to win the
one you love, select a partner, sell or buy a
¦business, where to locate, win a lawsuit, of
friends, enemies. Journeys, changes, Blckness.
troubled domestic affairs, wills, dreams,
visions, etc. ; in fact,- everything, without
asking questions; all revealed; nothing con-
cealed; advice on all affairs of life; positively
guarantees to marry you to one you love or
admire; hastens marriage, restores lost af-
fection, reunites t the separated, causes do-
mestic harmony, gives luck in business, spec-
ulation, investment and all financial affairs.
locates mines, lost claims, buried treasure,
persons or goods; removes spells, ill health,
evil Influence, drink or weak habits; master
of suggestive therapeutics; controlling' power
Implanted In your nature permanently, so you
may control secretly; teaches personal mag-
netism, use of occult forces, clairvoyance: de-
velops tho«e desiring medlumshlp. Readings
by mall. $2. Sunday and every day in offices;
Arranged so you meet no one: $1. Success
with mysterious power; the most refined or
FenMMve need not fear to call-
When your special work is commenced.
The invisible wonder workers of Thibet.
3 offices. 1007 >i Market st. 3 offices.
ATTENTION!
PROF. J. G. LEONARD.
World Renowned.
Genuine clalrvoyancy, tells your entire life;
the only scientific method of advising upon
business, health, social affairs, evil Influ-
ences, marriage, divorce- and all changes;
there are always two paths in life; true
clairvoyance power saves mistakes, avoids
dangers and compasses success; there is
a chance for all. Prof. Leonard has ad-
vised thousands through his great rifts; he
can do the same for you, try him and see.
A Secret You Should Know.
The Power To ControL
233 Geary street, room 36. San Francla*oo.
10 to 6 daily. Sundays 11 to 5.
No fortune telling, no flndln*: lost articles.
AA— Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true cr false, whom and whea
you will marry: in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. ID a. a to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 828 O'Farrell at. 328.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAM0C3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 23c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium; fortunes
told correctly; dreams interpreted; flow of
blood stopped Instantly: cures fits, rheuma-
tism. St. Vltus dance, dropsy and almost any
ailments and afflictions: will give names of
people she has cured in the Mission; consul-
tation free; consult this endowed woman and
be made well and happy; treatments and
readlncs by mall: at home evemy day and
eveninr. 2723 Mission St.. betw«#n 23d and
24th, S. F., Cal. PKone Chnrch 762.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would it not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of . matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success T
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone.
428 Eddy st.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants: hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
CAGLIOSTRO. Prophet of the Nile the man
who tells things direct from the Orient.
Teaches all branches of occultism and soul
development. T»ila man can tell rise and
fall o£ stocks. Predicted destruction of St.
Pierre Can tell who will be President. Ad-
vice on all affairs. Lovers reunited. Eso-
teric work successfully carried out; sittings
$1. Afternoon and evenings. 3C8 Geary at.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: special. SI; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEJIDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. Jl. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1101
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
• m to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. B to 8. Phone South 1141.
V LOST child recovered through the advice of
ISMAR. the Gypsy, see page 4S.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant.card
reader: when others fall try me;aood readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life: business ad-
vlce; names riven; 23c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 257,
gents 50c. 95t Mission st.. nr. Cth; open Sun.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names, dates.
facts; readings dally. 017 Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuno-
telier. is now at 317 Ellis st.
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist ana
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
ELVIN A BERSCH, SC5 Mission at. ; card read-
ing; palmistry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET BEATIirO AKS C^EJLTXTSia.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpeta on Sour
•without removal; caru*ts and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prlcej
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleanlnj
Co.. 3CS Market st.: phones Main li- aaa
Bush 479.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
¦^nd for SPAULDtNG'S Pioneer Carpet-bjat-
lng works. rU'5-357 Tebama st. Tel. South 4a
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-ctas*
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 H.ip-
rlton st.: Al cleaning; So. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLJN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works
333 Golden Gate av». Telephone East 12-i.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses mado over. 11.12 Howard ; tel. South 219.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutt-r «t7
tel. Main 304. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Prepa,
RUDOLPH & «'O.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170S Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
¦1
_ I DEITTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;'
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and.
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth. 1
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh!
—No cbarga for extracting when plates arei
made; old plates made over llk» new; teot&i
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given, j
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
buildlEf. IC03 Market St.. room 203; ail first-
clasa dentistry at low pricea.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush
Bet teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns.$2 up; fln!ng».23c
ALL work guaranteed by th* New York den-
tlsta Dr. Perkinn Mgr.. 963 Mission, cor. 6tS
ARTHUR CHISUOLM. surgton-dentlst.r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell. j
GOLD fillings. 75o: silver. 35e: crowns. $2: bo
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O. B.Howitt.2&4 Suttr.
sbsssma ei:b8 attd sea3i3t3s^e3.
McDowell dressmaking
and milj.inkrt school.
Leading; system of dresscuttlnjr.
Leading millinery course.
Leading patterns room.
1010 MARKET ST., ABOVB 9TTL
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Hit.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaltlns. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EPTJCATIOITAX.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
«.. between Third and Fourth; more space:
finer rooms; better light; finest tn the West:
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. ATRE5. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 1-4 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship. $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university. law and medical eol- j
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford! I
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bd«. ]
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ment! for students than all other Western
schools; special summer courc. 411 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN Business College. Gram-
mar and High School. 602 Van Ness ave.; as-
sists to employment: free us« typewriters at
homes. R, H. WEBSTER, ex-supt.. Pres. j
COACHING arithmetic a specialty: $1 23 per
week; competent Instructor; life diploma.
MRS. M. K. SMITH, 8B Pine pUce. oft
Pine »t.. near Mason.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar- !
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit- j
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo. \
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math, etc.; day and !
eve.: individual iastr. 305 Larkin St., Prof. •
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col. ¦
J COACHING colleg? — Preparatory and grade- by ¦
accredited High School teacher. L. HEW-
ETT. 614 Mason: phone Red 2085.
ENGINEERING— a vil. eiec. mln.rnech. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; «st. 1864' Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Hatch: -
individual lngtruc.: all branches: day: «vo.
j WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt com-
plete course. C mo. $30. e ve. $4 mo.; private.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lemons Prof F
Gastoldl. Write or call i»07 Howard, cor.' 5th!
WANTED — Address and terms of music teach-
er: vicinity 22d and Mission. Box 2740. Call.
PIANO and German: pupil of Lefrsic Conserv-
atory; moderate terms. 346 Golden Gat* ave.
PIANO or violin; 8 lessona $3; 15 lessons $3.
Box 2486. Call.
KENT Law School, day and night; send for
particulars. 53tf Parrott building.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 73-page catalog or request.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEXJM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42S Powell at. ; tel. Main 3752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer;-*,
general help. "NATIONAL," 603 Hearst bid.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung"s. 411% CFarrell; teL East _«.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl. mgr. ; tel. Buatt SZ>9.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; yuirx 31SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1M7. BRADLEY * CO., 640 day.
(Office hours 8:30 a, m. to 0:30 p. m.)
A— RELIABLE help of all rationalities at
MISS PLUNKETTS Employment Bareao.
423 Sutter at., near Powell; tel. Matp 8472.
WANTED — In San Francisco or vicinity, board
In private family, school or sanitarium to
exchange for Instruction In physical culoxr*.
medical gymnastics or elocution, by aa ex-
perienced, teacher; best of professional ref-
erences. Address Physical Culturi, £73
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation
In an American family; la a good cook »*yj
laundress: kind to children; moderate -wages;
•will go short distance: references. 4? Bhlo-
ley St.. near Folsom and *F*ourt_
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor suits, afreet
coats, erenins gowns; first-class cutter aad,
fitter; only first-class work don*: flu war-
ranted: engagements by the day. MTgjj
BARSS. Sherman House, 23 Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE -woman, good cook and laun-
dresd, wishes position, tn American family:
fond of children: will go tn country; refer-
ences; wages moderate. 704 Folsota st.
YOUNG woman would like to wash aodu and
handkerchiefs for men; reasonable: mendlns
same; called for and delivered. Box 27*T.
Call office.
A YOUNO lady would Bk» honest work; good
at figures; two terms at high school; small
wages at first, with Tiew of advancement.
Box 2720, Call office.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a place
for light housekeeping or nursing; tenaa rea-
sonable. Addres* 232 Francisco at., near
Dupont. corner alley.
BY lady, with boy 1* years, position In hotel
as seamstress and general work; .boy aa b«tl
cr errand boy; beat of references. Box 1370. '<
1CCS Market st. 1
BOOKKEEPER, cashier; youn* lady, expert- '
enced accountant, would keep books even- :
ings; bills, statements, trial balance, ets.
Box 2771. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants few hours' work
in rooming-hou!»« or 2 housekeeping rximi
: in exchange for few hours' work; references.
Box 2734. Call. '
A CAPABLE woman, accustomed to reflaed
surroundings, desires situation as mothcr'J
assistant: nice housekeeper and sawer; best
references. Box 2786. Call.
. ;
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements; •
surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able: careful, economical. Call or address
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh at.
A BRIGHT younsr woman wanted by detective
agency: good pay to right party. Box 27S3.
Call office.
SWEDISH laundress wants to tak<» hom*
ladles' and children's washing; good work
Bus -"760. Call.
A TOUNG woman wants cleaning. $1 da7. Ad- :
dress MRS. V.. 9 Rltch st., off Folsom. bet. •
Third and Fourth: In rear; top floor.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or adults
in primary or. grammar school studies. Ad-
dress MISS A. I.. I tt:2 Sanchez st.
POSITION by refined elderly woman; good
cook; likes children: capable entlrn work of
gmall family; wages $10 to $12. 232 Minna.
SCHOOLGIRL wants light housework or take
care of children Saturdays or Sundays; apply
or write. 431 Mississippi st.
A STRONG woman wishes a steady nlace far
Monday and Thursday; washingf WispUs
cr. dustln*. Can 157 Nlatb ** gw * iVU1 -
•
BPSIOTSSS , CHAWCES — Con tinned.
$700O— Hotel: 7G rooms; all light rooms; "electric
li»ht; water; every room all new; money
maker. Berg & Armstrong. 318 Kerany st.
$4O (—PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
$J500— Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good bargain.
*225-$30GO— Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$S50-$S0O0 — Saloon with lease; good bargain,
$SoO-S5000 — Grocery ami bars; stand Investig.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. SIS Kearny st.
$30O-PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. :>18 Kearny st.
SALOON, If sold by Monday will sell half or
whole; good chance for right man. BERG
& ARaiSTRONG, 313 Kearr.y st.
BUY Abalone Cannery at I30c per share. Call
write 630 Crossley building.
GENTLEMAN with $200 can secure~offlce~p(V
sltion; $70 a month; money secured. 1221
Market St., room 1.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market tt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
IiOpQiyQ-HOUSES rOB 8A£E.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Dddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
WS rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, mod-irn house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms: well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
; $.150 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
; modate large body of people In coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us. ¦
7-room modern flat, close in. well furnished;
.cose $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over 5200 per month: ahcays full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rcoms; cheaD rent; 2 yeara' lease; fine
downtown, location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-clVss condition; ffood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
be3t proposition in city; price $3200.
18 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; JSOO.
65 rooms: beat ' downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California: must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
80-room, new, modern " and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheai> rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; Ea»t St.; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost ?700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
. 24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; line lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice peoDle; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment house;
! clears $150; reduced to $2800.
/
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can b« paid out of the house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
14 rooms; rent $75; good location on Geary
St.; well furnished; a snap at $750.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $t>GO cer month; must sell on
account of oth-cr business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $5C0 -per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and,
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
85 ROOMS; men roomers; rent $225; new house;
new turn.; long lease. Marion Griffin.
FIRST-CLASS FURNITURE, new carpets. 20
large rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable;
profits $75 mo.; price $1600: part cash; nr.
Geary, on sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEAN AS A PIN — 15 rooms; new furniture;
downtown; come and buy at your own price;
bona fide. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT— Extra well furnished; quiet; 30
1 ran. ; lease; clears $250; could clear $400;
! price J3C00; part cash. M. GRIFFIN.
20 ROOMS: Sutter St.: cheapest rent in city;
guaranteed to clear $$K> mo.: highly respect-
able; gift at $1500. MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, here's your chance;
$700 house for $350. MARION GRIFFIN.
$S0O; PART cash; 14 rooms: well furnished;
nice house and well located. M. GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furniture; fine corner
\ on Sutter st., clearing $175 monthly: high-
class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
140 ROOMS; first-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month: noth-
ing in San Francisco outside of the St.
Francis Hotel will equal It in point of fur-
nishings; every room an outside room:
¦¦team heated and every known modern con-
venience; If you are looking for one of the
city's best business opportunities on easy
terms, get full particulars from
MARION GRIFFIN.
I SEE our list of bargains before buying; we
I can suit you. MARION GRIFFIN.
5400; 18 ROOMS: 10 furnished. 6 unfurnished;
j desirably located; broken arm is reason for
; selllni; clean; new house; If this doesn't
suit, what on earth do you want for your
money? MARION GRIFFIN.
115 ROOMS; San Francisco's swellest transient
house: new modern building: furnished
throughout with the best weathered oak,
blrdseye maple' and mahogany furniture;
bouffe. grill and bar; chance to make for-
tune in a short time. MARION GRIFFIN.
! RELIABLE information concerning apartment-
j houses in S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS; 8-yeaB 1 " lease; $400 mo. profit;
cor. house: downtown. M. GRIFFIN.
40-ROOM hotel; located in heart of the city's
I fashionable nalghborhocd; money-maker and
i desirable home; particulars from M. Griffin.
. 52 ROOMS: corner house; every room occupied;
$175 mo. profit; lease: price $4000; % cash.
$850 BUYS, this week only, 15-room house,
¦ centrally located, well furn. and worth $1500.
I $1100; 10 rooms, newly furnished, and all th"
j cash required Is $300. MARION GRIFFIN.
$S0O IS all I'm asking for- my 20-room house:
well furnished; absolutely worth double this
amount and clearing now, the dull season of
year. $75 per mo. MARION GRIFFIN.
BUYERS, it you do not see what you are
looking for on this list, call at office; no
trouble to give information: 10OO places *o
select from. MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
•400 Hearst bids., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third ind Market sts. Tel. Black 3007.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
THIRTY rcoms. nicely furnished,' lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1C0O
115 room*., low rent, country transient. B00O
81 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1800
HI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400 ,
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness Bold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
MITCHELL & CO..
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 20SI.
Roomlng-housen, hotels an/i flats; wil sell any
house; part cash: balance easy paymentH.
$3350 — A.SS-room lodging-house that pays $300
per month; fine location; good name.
$750— A 15-room lodging-house -that takes $140
per month, central: Al reputation.
Real Estate "HOWE," 954 Broad way, Oak-
land, - rooms 1 and 2. upstairs.
50- ROOM npartment-house: new: modern; im-
posing entrance; beautiful suites: all light
and sunny; lease; rent $6 room: elevator not
necessary; clears $250 monthly. Box CIO?, Call.
BOAXTDINGI- rOU CHIIiSBEIT.
LITTLE girl not undir 5 years could have
rocm anil hoard by a lady in Western Addi-
tion, 2 blocks from school; a mother's care.
¦'.Box 2394. Call o'llcc, -
NURSE will board child 2 to 12 years, old by
we^k or mcntti. 21 l:andall t.1., near Thir-
tieth and Mission. .
GOOD horce for children; best of references:
mother's care. SIC Fifth ave., Richmond Uist.
GOOD care for one or two children; country.
r,12 Jessie st.
M BOOKS.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. *51 Geary »t.
BUSINESS CnAKjCES^^^
A-$400 SALOON on Turk st.; net rent $160; 6
>eare. lease; elegantly fitted up place and
fcooU paying basiueaa. Call R. G. WILKE,
'M 1 .* Kearny st.
A— $750 GROCERY and bar with 6 living
rooms; rent $:»; vicinity of Harrison and
Fourth sta.; value in eight. See R. G.
WILKE. 2ti',^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery; dally sales
about $50; new wagon, 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at Invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26 Va Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 60;
establ. years; this is a good place for man
and wife; location the best. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1'B5O; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
established years and first-class paying; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 20^
st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In. the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
rash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26V» Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best In this
city; or owner will take a partner for $8000;
this "is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place in this city. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A — $6500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest Investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— fISOO; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc. ;
*. well-ad veitls^d and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2tftt Kearny st.
A— $fiO0C; CORNER saloon, with 4 years*
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis
ets.; place doing a rushing business: value
in Bight; owner must leave for the East.
Kee R. G. WILKE, 2G% Kearny st.
A— JS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
5ts.; a good business; owner engaged in
other bueinees cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 261a Kearny St.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a.
first-class paying plaoe. See R. G. WILKE,
26»4 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
ceipts $25; rent $30; good business; value
in sisht; patronized by best class of people.
See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON In the Potrero, with 0
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
good business; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A— ?S0O; CORNER ealoon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $4500: SALOON, located in WaUsonville;
- rent $47 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars K. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2. r .0O; LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $5%00; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value In
eight: one of the best offers In Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny »t.
A — $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
best paying corner saloons In this city;
daily receipts about* $40; place clears net
nbove $300 t>er month; . location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1000; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton ets.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. ¦
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3tt rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 2tf%
Kearny st.
A — $3500^ — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; olace must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R, G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A. BARGAIN— Old-established carriage trim-
mlng, harness and carriage business. Box
1250, Call otflce, Oakland.
RARE bargain; splendid old notion etore;
must sell (Immediately): your orlce; no re-
serve. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery, room 7.
URGENT — Old established notion store; small
rent; muet sell promptly, great 'Bacriflce; re-
ply quick. Box 2777. Call office.
CANDY and ice-cream parlor; a bargain: call
to-day: two living rooms partly furnished;
lady can manage. 2127 "Mission st.
OLD established up-to-date cigar Etore; cheap;
nice location; lease; low rent; must be sold.
Box 1270, Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Notion and stationery store near
schoolhouse. 1306 Railroad ave., Alameda.
WANTED — An experienced offlc* man with a
few thousand dollars to buy an Interest in
an old-established business to take secretary-
ship and general management of the office;
salary $100 p* r month; the business has paid
more than 20 per cent per annum net for
several years and Is paying It this year.
Box 1268. Call office. Oakland.
$4000— GENT'S furnishing goods, stationery,
notions and variety store; established IB
years; 6-year lease; transfer corner- full
value; cash business and paying; rent, ac-
count of lease, very reasonable; a bargain;
wholesale houses as references. Union Busl-
nets .Exchange. 993 Market st
$050 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $00 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references-
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007^
Market St.. room 1./
FOR tale— Coffee, tea and spJce route over 18
years 1 standing; selling on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front st., between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
CANDY, stationery, icecream and variety buirf-
ness; growing town. Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call on J. SEIDL & CO. 619 Bat-
tery st.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle- unlisted securities: loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Eillcott Square'
Buffalo.
A SALOON and lodging-house for sale; going
to retire from business. Inquire 124 Seventh
st.. Strunaky Liquor store.
FOR sale— Saloon fixtures, etc; rood lease;
cheap rent; party obliged to go away. In-
quire 1006-8 Washington St., Oakland.
CORNER candy and notion store; near school-
nice living rooms; good fixtures; must be sold
at once. Call 201 Tenth St.. city.
SACRIFICE sale— Restaurant, north Market
nt.; worth $350; must sell; any reasonable
offer takes it. See PATERSON. 873 Market.
A FINE drugstore at low price; owner having
gone to Philippines. Call at 134 McAllister
st.. bet. 10:30 and 11:30 a. m.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire 618%
Larkin st.: rear.
A PARTY with money for pushing an unre-
fillable bottle. B. HUGHES. 421 Hyde st.
SALOON and grocery for sale reasonable. 60
Potrero ave.. corner Twentieth st.
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
OLD establlehed cigar, sta. and notion; living
rooms; will bear Investigation. 110 7th st.
FOR tale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busl-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 160 4th.
FOR sale— First-class saloon. Apply 251 Fell
St.; no agents; fine location.
MILLINERY for sale; cost of fixtures; small
rent. 818 Laguna St.
A CANDY store, large fountain, register and
safe, separate or as whole. 1427 Market st.
PARTNER with $100 in a good selling article.
See Jessie. 6 Turk at., room 2.'
FINE comer saloon for sale; one of the best
gtreets. Inquire 48 First Bt.
A CIGAR stand and laundry office on Fourth
Et. ; clears over $100 a month. Box 2781, Call,
SHOE store and repair Bhop for eale cheaD
376 Fourth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 621 Montgom-
ery street.
WANTED — To buy a branch bakery-; state
1 price and particulars. Box 27S0, Call office.
---^HHJHSSfjSS^CES^^^nttaueA^
A— CAMERON & CO.— — Phone South 1000.
.'{ Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
I-'OU ialc — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
tithing: compljtely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic seneratcr for
making own gas; toilets: closets; everything
ftrlctly new and modern; accommodate VI
people over night; perfect little honw; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Efldy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays ?4O to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about fSOOO. CAMDRON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR eale^ — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
roomlns-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Ixjt 25x125. with cottage.
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks; everything first class; on direct oar
line; for rooming-house, S. F.; value ?200O.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class erectridan and lock-
cmith business; bona fldf proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
$1500 — CIGAR and notion store: clearing $100
monthly; 4 large rooms; furnished; low rent.
$900 — Oyster houne and restaurant.
$1500— Restaurant, coffee and lunch house.
875 — Cigar stand; nice location.
$2000— Grocery; good family liquor trade.
A large list of rooming houses and business
chances always on hand. For particulars,
inq. Merchants' Agency, 1008Vi Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. 765 Market st.
$475 — Chicken ranch; stock Invoice.
$450— Branch bakery and groceries; snap.
$1100— Saloon; 7 furn. rooms; 3 years' lease.
$S60— Grocery and bar; Invoice price.
$1200— Hotel; city. $1000— Hotel; country.
Many others at KREDO & CO.'S.
A GOOD paying bakery; fine family trade;
long lease; rent only $15 per month; every-
thing in flrst-clasa condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a practical baker; only $300 cash
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS, Seventh
street and Railroad avenue. Alameda.
GOOD paying bakery; fine store trade; for
sale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
$125— ONE-HALF restaurant; snap; must sell.
$850— Cigar store; ideal location; value la
eight; daily sales $17; rent $55.
$1600— 30-room lodging-house; worth $2500;
$400 — Restaurant; factory dlst.: long lease.
Pacific Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
A SNAP — 10- room house complete; filled with
roomers; central.
Also grocery and delicatessen etore; living
rooms attached.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT OX. 1312 Mar-
ket, room 419.
$2100 — ROADHOU8E and bar: on main road;
best location out of Oakland and a bargain.
AX.DEN, 1233 Broadway, Oakland^
52000— SALOON; good location and business;
Investigation solicited; particulars with AL-
DEN. 1233 Broadway. Oakland^
GROCERY doing from $30 to $40 per day. in
a well located part of Oakland; rent $12;
. will sell at Inventory, or exchange for a
house and lot. MITCHENER & BARTON,
t>l« Broadway. Oakland.
$160— PARTNER wanted; light, profitable busi-
ness; fine store; $500 stock; young man pre-
ferred. Marin Investment Co., 235 Kearny.,
$150 $150 $150 $160 $150 !
Cigar store; corner; Mon. COAST, 6 Turk.
RAISE squabs for market: it pays big money,
either on large or email outlay; pigeons are
easy to manage, and hardy in any climate;
returns are immediate, aa squabs are mar-
keted at 1 month old; demand exceeds supply;
space required is but small, and two men
can do the work foi» 7500 pair of pigeons,
which will give a net income of $1000 a
month. Get our free booklet, which tells
about them, and gives the history of a squab
plant which, from a very small beginning,
has become a great business; if considering
what businees to enter, investigate this in-
dustry, which gives better returns for time
and money invested than any other. Milford
Pigeonry Co., 071 Washington Bt., Boston,
Mass.
WANTED— 600 PEOPLE to help organize the
largest co-operative candy manufacturing
plant In the country; dealers in every town
can become interested: $1 per Bhare : money
to be refunded on 30 days' notice; no risk;
good salary given to good men; no trlflers
or tricksters need write or apply; $1000 the
limit to any one person. Apply to KELLER
CANDY CO.. 477-475 Seventh St., Oakland,
Cal.. Branch San Franciseo.
$4500 BUYS a well established, good paying
confectionery business in Los Angeles; situ-
ated In one of the best locations in the city;
long lease and cheap rent; will inventory
much more than asked; must be sold at once,
owing fo death in firm. For full particulars
address WOODWARD-BENNETT CO. 209
West Fourth at.. Loe Angeles, Cal.
A GOOD opening for an energetic man who
can invest $"0O in a high-class manufactur-
ing business and fill position of office clerk:
experience not necessary; Investment secured
and $100 a month guaranteed; will stand the
closest investigation. Box 2488, Call office.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY— For sale; fine saloon
where wine is sold by gallon, quart, pint or
glass; one of best locations In city; 'large
trade: doing splendid business; owner obliged
to sell account other business in the country;
reasonable, if sold at once. Box 2756 Call.
FOR eale — At a bargain; millinery ntock, fix-
tures and business located at 706 Fourth st,
San Rafael; excellent location; well estab-
lished business; must be sold. Apply at or-.'e
at above address.
WANTED— To buy a half interest in a good
grocery store or grocery and bar; prefer the
partner to be a man thoroughly acquainted
with the business. Addess. with particulars,
box 3290.- Calf office.
$500 SECURES interest in established manu-
facturing business; party wanted to help in
factory and attend to shipping: nothing dif-
ficult: large mall order business. 247 Fifth
St.. city.
BUY a block of good Tonopah mining stock
and get rich; direct from treasurer; 60 cents
. per share; no certificate written for less than
fifty shares. Box 2390, Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale; on one of the
best corners in the city; near Market st.:
must 8T»!1 on account of sickness and having
to leave the city. Addrees box 2204. Call.
A DRUG store; run 20 years by physician;
owner retiring from business; dear stock;
good trade: investigate. DR. J. B. CUF-
FORD.. 322'4 3d St., San Francisco.
A — $200; partner suited to plain, eteady man,
willing to assist generally: $15 to $35 a week;
no previous experience required. 231 Post
st..' room 6.
FOR SALE— $7500— Half Interest In a wine
and liquor business; wholesale and retail; tine
bar trade; trial given. Address box 2789,
Call.
$500— GREAT .opportunity for willing man:
clean, pleasant work; large returns; No
trlflers need aprly. BROOKBANK. 917
Market st.
PARTY with means to organize stock company-
will give good interest in valuable minlnr
property near Nome. Box 2762 Call.
A FINE drugstore at low price; owner having
3 gone to Philippines. Call at 134 McAllister
St.. bat. 10:30 and 11:30 a. m.
$500 will get 14 interest in valuable patent
nece&sary device; plenty orders on hand:
large profits. Box 2753, Call office.
PHYSICIAN, licensed, with $100 sets dis-
pensary; furniture; good practice; suburb
1170 Market St.. rocm 11.
A^ GO P D restaurant for sal« cheap; north of
Market; owner to leave city. Box 1571 1008
Market Et. . '
$000— GROCERY, branch bakery; 4 furnished
rooms; exchange country property. Box 1530.
. 1008 Market st.
WANTED— Man with $500 to take half inter-
est .l-» canva8 show ready for the road. Call
at 11 1 2 Harrison st.
BUTCHER— One-half interest. $1800, In one
J?I,» est equipped markets on the coajst. Box
2776, Call otflce.
GROCERY store and bar for sale; an old cor-
ner: the owner is retiring from business.
1131 Howard Et.
FOR sale— "The Ta.i" Photo Studio. 1206 Mar-
ket St.; must go at once because of sickness.
IlESTAURANT for eale. with rooms, above;
well rented; trade good: fine location; price
$950. Box 1908, Call office.
FOR Fale— Coal and wood yard'; established~16
years; In good locality. Address . box 1958,
Call office.
A— INVEST $500 to $5000; double In three
¦months; investigate. Box 2761. Call office.
CIGAR etand for sale; on a prominent corner
south of Market ct. Box 2276, Call office.
FOR sale— Hotel In a growTn7~town In Marin
county; contains 15 bedrooms. Box 1985, Cal 1.
GROCKRY ntore in Frultvale for sale; very
»ow; good cause for sellintr. Box 2214, Call.
church: gEEVicras.
J-IRST CcTigrcea'.'enal ChurcV corrrr Pott and
Mason *ts.--lUv. Gpois- C. Adams. I'. O..
Viis'.cr. At U a. m. Bev. L C. Mo*erv<\ 1>.1»..
paMor of I'ljii.outli Church. Will preach. Al
7:45 p. m.. *errtion by the jiLEtr-r: topic, "Tue
ULMgatioT^s of n. Privileged iTIctz." All are
-•o:d.a!l.v invited.
1"HinX> i'c.nprrcsatlorwi! Church. Fifteenth M-.
Bear Mission — Keci**ning Beriico by Dr.
Aduca of lj'.e KTrrt Church at 11 s. m. At
7 : T>. preactUiUE tjr Itev. Mr. Iladlock. A
*pec?al invlUllcn is ft\tn to n\\ friends to
cuine snd worship with us. W. W. Chase.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, romer
Webster end Page sts. — Tlev. Herbert E.
Hayc pa*' 01 "- Morning servlc? at 11 o'clock.
Srrincn hy Herbert C Hays. Theme. "Plm-
t>le Trust." i:\enirg service at 7:45. Ber-
licn by Herbert E. Hays. Theme. "Our
Heavenly Fathf." Punday-rchool at 9:45
a. m. T. P. S. C. E.. 6:4.*.. Prayer msrtlng
every 1\'edne?»1ay evening. Pa*roi's rcsiJence,
t-CH "-Waller *t.
CAX.VART Presbftwiaa Church, cornrr Jack-
?on «nd Fillmcrc sts. — Kev. John Uemphlll.
Tt. r».. r^tor. Mornlns service at 11 o'clocJi.
Cirecics service at 7:4-"j o'clock. Evenirff
I9plr "A Goo1 TVjrinnirg and a Ead End-
inr.J* The liistor will f;rpa<-h at both ner-
isVes. Pal'butli school at 9:">0 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor r-i^iirig at 0:"0 p. m. Prayer
meeting iCeduesday evening at 8 o cioc*.
All are ioidl«l!y invitcj. ¦
FIRST Pr»£h:>-**rian Church. \an Xess ave.
.-rJ BaeraBMBto ft. — Rev. William Kirk
•Gathrle raster. Services »t 11 «. m. and
7:45 p,m. R'-v. IV A. Mob!*r. P. TX. will
prfs>-h rt l*>th service*. Sabbath -school at
S»:W a. in. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m.
V, odntsday. S r. m.. midweek service. All
are <~crvii. •)!)>' in\it»d.
TRINITY rrw-byterlan Chare*!, corner T»er.ty-
tJ-.ir-J ari Ojt st?. — Pastor. Rev. Edward
K. Ktrcrs- D;\!n* •rocsbfp at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Tti*" pastor has returned and will
occupy th* milrit both riorning and evening.
Pabbeth reboot st 12:30 p. m. Endeavor
bx.;ciy nt <i:*5 p. tn. S-'tranpers welcome.
fcJM!'S'*.»N Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church. co-Tier Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
!!ev .lrv:i Stephens, lastor. President James
f:im!*Mcr of the AsstO-ChiSCM College, Foo
Chow. China, v-iil preach at II a. in. The
r*stor v-iH '<r*ueh at 7:45 p. m. Sunday-
rrH<.«-\ at 12:30 p. rn.; C B. Perklri*. supt.
Ejywortfc League at 0:45 p. m. A cordial
mJmm tct all.
OLNTR.NL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
:.^n i-t.. |i«t«W Sixth and Seventh— At the
mornlnx sei . Ice to-day Rev. E. O. Hotle of
Oakland -wi'l preach. In the evening th?
n>rvk-cy wiil te conducted l>y the Christian
¦E:i(lea\or S.x-:ety: "What is Christian En-
dravor." Vy Fr<;4 N. Morcom: '•What
« hristinn Endeavor Can Po for the Individ-
ual." John s>. Allen; "What Christian En-
J^avtir Cr.n Do for the Church." O. L>.
Jaroby; "What Christian Endeavor Can Oo
fcr Poriety." Ja«. E. White. Sunday-school
at 12:*o;" young p«>"pic*« meeting at 6:15:
mor-iinR smite at 11 o'clock, evening at
7:.1(>. s-tjanyc-rs always welcome.
GRACE fhurch. California St.. corner of Stock-
, on _R, v . DavM J. Evans, rector. Celebration
if holy ••nn-.r>junion S a. m. ; memorial ser-
vice for th* lat? rtctor. Rev. Robert Chester
Pome. 11 a. m. Full choral celebration :
•"M'-sKe Solennelle" <(jounod>, offertory. "By
llatyfOB's Wave" (Gounod). Full cathedral
.-en Ice 7:45 it. m.; fervicv in E flat. Dr.
<v>rfe. The j.ermon at both services will be
by the rhetor. Organist and choirsiasier,
W illiam H. Holt.
TRINITY Cr.urch. Hush and Cough sts.. Rev.
Frederick W. "-iampett, D. !>.. rf-ctor — Holy
communion. 7:"0 a. m. Sunday School, I>:.'»0
a. m. JJurning service. 11 a. m. Evening
prayer. ? P. m. The rector will preach at
l*.lh eervircs.
UNITARIAN Church <S*cond>. rnrtifr Twen-
tieth and Cajjp tts. (take Miss-ion or Val-
encia Ft. carj. the Hev. Jay William Hudson,
minister, rt-sidence 500 Capp Ft. — The t-unday
School m<?riis at 9:45 o'clock; W. C. Maxwell,
tupprlrtr-ndent. At thf morning service, at
11 o'clock, the firut after the summer vaca-
tion, the n<-v. Jay William Hudson will
preach. Subject. "The Creed That Needs No
Revision." Music by orchestra and choir
under the direction of Jabiph Clement. All
cordially Invited. No evening service.
K1KST Baptist Church, 330 Eddy Et.— Rev. W.
li. Hinson <>f San I>!ego in-ill occupy the
pulpit at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible
school. 12:«0 p. m. Quiet-hour prayer ser-
vice, «>:15 p. m. Christian Endeavor meet-
ings, 6:50 p. ra. Prayer meeting Wedn*«-
ds>. 7:45 p. m. Mr. Hinson will preach next
Sunday also. All cunlially invited. Seats
free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 22-"t Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
»v«. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
fa"hj«ct of lesion-sermon. "Love." Sunday
•¦rh'-ol for children at the tame hour;
W^-driesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock:
free reading-room. 20t> Kearny el., rooms
50!i-310; all are welcome.
•APPLY in your own handwriting." This will
tie the Fubjrct of an address to be given by
Rev. Frank S. Ford at the great mass
meeting for mrn in the auditorium of the
Tounc Men's Christian Association, Maeon
and Ellis fir., this (Sunday) afternoon, at 3
o'clock. All scats free. Spirited singing.
MEETIKOS — SUNDAY.
MRS. PTCDDARDS stances A*clect. 23c: full
Circle readings: tests 278 StJT; sittings dally.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test eeances every night
except Eat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 8. 14S Sixth «t.
PERKIN? »-riritual meetinss 8 to-night, 1220
Mission; also Tues., Thurs. cvgs. ;reads. daily
A— MRS. HARLAND. US 6th; readings daily;
evening meeting 10c; home dr. Wed. eve.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. :*^3 McAllister St.— Mre.C.
J. Meyer :*it. daily; tests to all every ev. ; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-nigrht
10c. C19 McAllister at.; come, skeptics.
MME. VIGARS' epiritual te«t meeting to-
nlght. 10c; sittings dally. 14S Sixth st.
TKSTS., OOP Market: 2-S. Mr. Wilson, others; 8
r>r. Cowan. Mr. HargTave; 10c.
MEETINGS— THEOSOPHICAl.
TIIEOSOPHICAL Society, Academy of Eci-
eace« bldg.; public lecture S p. m. by Mary
A. Hasty: *ut.Ject. "From UnconEciousnt.-ss
to Sc!f-<Jcn»cioi:Bne»s."
SUNDAY LECTT7EES.
DR .JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening, Crjstal Hall. Pythian Castle, 900
Market tt. Subject. "The Furnaces of the
Body." followed by views of "To and Fro In
Iyindcn" j fn?» tickets will be dlftrlbuted for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday eve.;
reir.onber the question box; special music.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS will tell the pub-
!ic to-night at 8, Carmen's Hall. 310 O'Far-
rell. what happened at the Polish patriotic
m*»tinr in Golden Gate Hall last Sunday.
What happened to General Salomon. Sola
by Misn Warden of Dimond. Come early for
the cor.z. Free.
O. X. Orlow lectures this fSanday) evening.
In Golden Gate Hall (Upper), 620 Sutter St.,
At 5 o'clock »harp. presenting the subject,
"The Real Kjrstotet »f India."
Instrumental and vocal eolos. Admission free.
GEORGE li. GOEBELL of New Jersey, na-
t''i;l lecturer and orgar.lzer of Socialist
rerty. will cpeak again next Sunday In Car-
mfn> Hal:, 310 O'Farrcll et. Collection.
TTRK-ET. Temple, Thursday] 8 p. m . ( j\
Franckcl. editor of the Tageblatt, will
epeak. Free.
KEZTIgP NOTICES.
aTKUBEnS Of Ean_Frane!*-
rr.'n ot ihe World — Vou Jt » ¦J'J'T'J,
will i!r^t<- t£k>; notice f^S" WbuVsir'^4
-.'.it the fjr.er^I ot our g-Nj->;*aSfeflSw
iaie nclElibor MATIIEW *MiU —
.». KOLDEN will take place at his residence
No S1JI» Sixteenth Ftreel. at 1 p. m. MON-
DAY. July 25. 1904. You are earnestly re-
<?'jr:-:'-d to V«e present. ycurs fraternally,
D. GIRDWOOD.
Attcrt: H. J. McCLIXTOCK. Clerk.
MODERN Woodmen of Amer!ca,Good- -V3g£p
fdlov,thip Camp S»ri33, M. \V\ of A., I vy I
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at IlXi
>¦ r*urr.:ty Hall. 9ua Market st.. San Ci J
Francisco, w. 11. eiavards.v.c.
W. J.. ELLIOTT Clerk; efnee. room 627
I.mma fepreckels building.
r..';BKL Cork Benevolent Society will », t
hold its annual picr.ic at Shell Mound V^W
r-ark on SUNDAY, August 7. 1904. W\\'jf
Valuable Rate aad came prises will cXVirt
ht <!i*tribute<J. ••He*
J. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
IHB California Debrte Commission having r»-
1 -rived applications to mine by hydraulic
ITocess Jrom E. A. Moody, tn Good Luck
mine, near Gold Run. Placer Countv, Cal
•iralclr.g Into Squires Creek, which "reaches
Hear River, and from Eagle Bar Placer Mln.
trg Co., Limited, in Eagle liar Placer mine
ftear Forest Hill. Placer County, Cal., drain-
ing into middle fork of American River, gives
hetlea that meeting will be held at room da
Iiood building, San Francisco. Cal.. Aug. 1!
1804. at i-.'-A a. pi. *
NNUAL mr«>ting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Work* — The annual meeting of the
#tockholdrri of the Ritdcn Iron and Locomo-
»I\e Work*, for the election of trustees lor
Jhe enming year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held ml the office of the
company. No. 23S «teuart street. San Fran^
ji*co. en MONDAT. the 1st day of August.
lfrOi. at 11 *. si.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretar/.
! MSETIHTQ NOTICES — Continued.
A jVi'tiatTon VlONlV'V T-VENING, £3jjP_|$*_i
July £."> Visitors invited. ->&£•%£&£
H F LEUFORD. N. G. ••3ft.rtf**'
* JAMES A. MAGEE. Secy.
TERRA BUKKA Lodge No. 15. EgS£5__
f < >. O. F.— Officers ar.d mi-mhern.-jg^jSgfcjJ-
B:r . i.ereby summoned to nUf-iv!-i*-*_V»2i»& J
a special meeting on WEDNK.S- Jowto*--,
J'AY EVENING. July 27, at 6 o'clock.
STEVEN D. HECK, Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL. Secretary.
UNITT Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. __^VM> '
K. - -Initiation TUESDAY EVEN - :SsEI_K86_,
INiJ .1u!v 2C. Hall 30th and "4SbSSiKS'
Valencia sts. Visitors cordially
Invited.
B. If. ANDREWS. N. G.
A. P. BUTTON, Rec. See.
FAIRMONT Lodge No. 10S. K. of P.. -$*•
meets MONDAY EVENINGS In Vi^Sv/
Pioneer building 2t Fourth st. 7MWK
Visiting brothers welcome. _S?3£
H. D. LUCE, C. C. <*b*-^>>
SIR Walter S<-otfs anniversary— £^1
Grand celebration in honor of the £353
irtSd anniversary of ih<» Krth of •J2S!rf\
SIR WALTER SCOTT, under the
auspices of Clan Fraser No. 7S. _ _J\J;
O. S. C. Elntracht Hall, Twelfth *^ jl
St., rear Fclsom < largest hall in the city),
on MONDAY EVENING. August* IS. Con-
cert will consist of hieh-class vocal num-
bers under the leadership of Professor 'Bur-
ness and will also Include many novel fea-
tures, such as the combat of Fitz James and
Roderick Dhu and that dramatic seen*
the capture of Rol> Roy, and several othor
tableaux dear to Scottish hearts; a grand
gathering ot the clans and choral singing
by 2"O clansmen <n costume: grand Highland
r*-el in costume by the beat dancers on the
Pacific Coast; entertainment at S. dancing at
10. Admission, adults. 50c.; children. 25c.
AMUSEMENT COMMITTEE.
SCANDIA HALL. 161 City Hall ave., near
I^arkin— Finest in the city for society meet-
Ingt-, socials, banquets: day or evening; lec-
tures, etc.; rent rea&onable.
1 THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from W. J. Berry. Theodore Rupley
and Bruce Graham In Sugar Pine mine, near
Pino Grande, El Dorado County. Cal., drain-
ing into Silver Crerk. which reaches Ameri-
can River, gives notl'.-e that meeting will be
held at room 9f>. Flood building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., August 8, l»04, at 1:30 p. m.
SPRECKELS Sugar Company. NOTICE OF '¦
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual:
n>*etlng of the stockholders of the Spreckets |
Sugar Company "will be held at the office j
rf the company, 327 Market «t.. Ban Fran- 1
Cisco, on MONDAY, the 25th day of July, !
1904. at tne hour of 11 a. m.. for the pur- !
pese of electing a board of directors to serve ;
; for the ensuing year and for the transaction j
tit fjch other business as may come before
ihe meeting. The transfer books will close
en Friday. July 22. 1904. at 3 p. m.
1 W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
MONTERni County Water Company. Notice I
of annual meeting — The regular annual meet- I
ing of the stockholders of the ¦ Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the 1
»?fflce of the company, 327 Market St., San
I Francisco, on MONDAT. the 25th day of
July, 1905, at "the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
I to serve for th« ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other businesn as may
come before the meeting. The transfer books
will close on Friday. July 22, 1904. at S p.m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
_AGE»TTS WANTED. I
' A WONDERFUL business effer— $50 to $150
': per week end upward positive; we want rep-
resentatives everywhere to operate sales
parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
selling ladies' and gents' dress shoe known;
ten new. remarkable, eight-selling health
and comfort features: factory to consumer;
previous experience unnecessary; no risk;
reply quick. Kushlon Komfort Shoe Co., ;
1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
! DO you want work? Ladies or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation: no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, nono'-aLIe,
profitable work can be done home; for in-
formation, address J. W. KIDD. 5025 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
: not ntceesary If you have push and energy;
! a few choice fields still open; write before
awlgned. Chleo Nursery Co.. Chieo. OaL
j THE Pan-American railway wants few experi-
: encej solicitors and field organizers; handle
attractive original real estate proposition;
ea.sy seller; no competition: big returns.
Land Department, S19 Market St., room 1C
! ACTIVE. Intelligent, capable agents (men or
¦women) to sell on installments; approved
securities; e«ll readily; good pay for right
; agents. Apply 501 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
TO make money selling "Our Pioneers"; mag-
nificent in style; Indian stories to Panama
canal: exclusive territory GEO. W. WIL-
LIAMS, 662 East Twelfth st.. East Oakland.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is "worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
BAKER'S universal sign is the best felling
article; $20 a day has been made; secure
agency at once; sample 50c. Baker Enamel
Letter Co., 21 Spear St., Han Francisco.
j WANTED — Good subscription canvassers; men
or women: salary guaranteed to competent
parties. 207 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
I PERFUMES, toilet articles and flavoring pow-
ders. Pacific Agents' Supply Co., 1220 Treat
( ave.. S..F. . . •
i WANTED — Agent: easy work; good money.
Apply T. W. MELLIS. 117 Sutter. 9-11 a. m.
1 A RARE opportunity for a few good insurance
men. Room 218. Emma Spreckels building.
j ATTOa^EYS-AT-IiAW.
J R. W. KING. Attomey-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
; 6th floor: entrance room 611; established 15
; years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or fcr consulta-
: tlon; evenings by appointment. TeU Red 3801.
j ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
1 specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
' mining companies organised ;patents obtained;
J G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market »t.; estab. 22 yrs.
] PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS 40 Ellis St., 15
; yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, tailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; Quick, quiet: advice
[ free; all law busintse; no charge unless suc-
' cctsful; <pen evenings*. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market at., r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; all cases.
Room 4C5. Parrott bldg.. 855 Market Bt.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market et; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pension!*— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & 1-ENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
AXTTOMOBH.ES.
FOR eale— First-class runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
eer.gers; 10 horsepower: double opposed gas
engine. 1^ D. GANDION. 102 Phelan bldg.
SECOND-HAND automobiles; first-class condi-
tion: runabouts, touring cars at bargain
prices. Address box 2733. Call office.
FOR sale — Knox runabout. 1903 pattern; first-
class condition; owner leaving town; a bar-
gain. Address box 2389. Call office.
SEVERAL genuine bargains In steam automo-
biles: don't fail to Investigate If Interested
Call C75 Thirty-eixth Bt.. Oakland.
MILWAUKEE automobile (steam) for sale-
good running order. Box S291. Call office.'
BA RGAIN^CADILLAC; seats four; canopy
top; In fine condition. Box 2331, Call office.
FOR eale— A White Stanhope with buggy top*
used very little; price $675. Box 2209, Call!
OLDSMOBILE for sale at a sacrifice. Address
box 2245, Call office.
FOR sale — Rambler touring car. Box 1914
Call office.
FOR sale--Covert runabout: nearly new. Ad-
dresi box 19C0. Call office.
KNOX. good condition; can carry four Deor>le>
SSOO. J. HOLLE. 20th and Folsom sts. '
ASTHMA EEMIDY.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
iy; lOo. 25c. aOc 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas.
BIRDS, BO QE. ETC.
TOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talkT~$5 eaclT-
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc.. at low
prices. 1M4-46 Market st. . \ _
BICYCLES — For Sals or Exchange.
•CALIFORNIA motor bicycle, ridden 20 miles
$100: Cal. motor tandem. $125; both In
good condition. We are overstocked on set-
ond-hand bicycles; great clearance sale; gen-
utne bargains. J. HOLLE. 20th and Folsom.
GENT'S Cleveland and 1 Rambler, perfect con-
dition, $12 60. Address Bicycle, 615 Larkln st.
A GOOD chainlets bicycle; almost new. 1815
Scott tt, bet. Bush and Pine.
"""'CHIROPODISTS.
AH ailments of feet cured; corns, bunions. In-
growing nails, etc., Dunlap Inst., 60 Geary.THE SAN FRANdSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 1004.
45
t ___TA— 'CIA— .
T PEH. cent pfd Metropolitan Laundry Co. at
j U7c per share. CaU at 541 Croasley bldg.
I FOR sale — Preferred stocft. 9 per cent per aa-
1 nun guarantcetl. Box 274U, Call office. ;
-»-____TTTr_— PO3 j
! SAXITAP.T' Steam Feather Renovatins- Ca. — 1
Hot and cold processes and autamatic dism- ;
lecting apparatus tor <traiiicati_s mutha In '
I feather, hair ar mesa n_.ttrs»aas aad com- \
forters; mattress making- a specialty. Tel. '
Folaom IQo-. 341 FUth. at I
YOU caa buy $73 worta of furniture for 57 iu '•
dawn and $1 50 per weett. T. Erilllaat i '
Furniture Co.» "^W cst 5t -' n^ar Pr>w-i t .
aiDEEC.VKD. folding bed. front and back par- !
lor carpets and piano for sale, -us Hyde st
Anderson Auction House. 13 Turk. nr. MariTr, :
furnishes everything *ar the bouse ;Jow prices. |
FTTRNITUHE staves, bought, -wld. axchaneed. !
I Barser. 43!» Valencia.nr.lUth.Tel.C_urch -'>7» j
1 m__rr_rcE3 "wa_t__.
ASE LE.Vt7~
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 70t. |
Eun't sell your furniture, —rpets. aface lur- I
niture. etc.. antll you get his estimate.
'.CEAS. LETT & CC. say highest price Tor fur- |
nlture. carpets. «tc. 7^2 Mission: t-i. B_ah -til j
i---Tr~ ¦w_3rr_a — !_____-.
: OFFICE hours 3:30 a. m. to 3:30 p. ax.
I A chambermaid anii laundress. aiaa.:i £_mi!v. '
$30; a. coo- tor large tamily, San Puiiiel, $-it';
a nurse for an infant Oakland, $3ti; a cook
for plain boarding-house In city. $33; a sec-
ond scirl who can menu, city place, $_5- a .
capable waitresa tor reatauraat, $tj a week;
a housework winaa for Nevada., $U3; -W otiier |
general housework girla for city and country;
wages $20 tn $35. MISS PLCNKETT, _a
3ut_r st, near Powell.
i TWO straight wai tresses fcr t-ike Tahoe; J_3
each; cail eariy. MlSa PLCNKETT. _3
Sutter st, near Powell.
I WANTED Monday Jarsnoon — Cock for school.
$35; Carman or Frsnca ccolt. no waah. $40;
Protestant girl, housework, 5 in family, $;J3;
- second girls, $25; German nurae, $30;
chambermaid aad launuresa. country botni.
$25*; 8 waitressaa, city and country b-tola,
$23; nursa for orphanags. $20; _S girls fcr
nice situationa to do housework in city and
country. $23 and $30. and others. _•¦ JL. y. ;
CRG__TT - CO., 33-k SutLer _t
__ HZH "; ~~ i
;
EXPERIENCED OPEEATOR3 ON OVER- j
ALL_ AND ENGINEER COATS; ALSO '
HAJN'D-FLN'ISHEF.3 ON WOIU_INGir_3«'S !
PANTS. STANDARD SHIRT FA»rrORT, !
CORNEH GOCGH AND GEOVE _TS.
A — WANTED — G-irls to Ieara halrdressing.
manicuring, etc. : tr— ie taught from A to Z
In _ weeks; tuition (3 ta those entering na-r; I
three positions ta fill lmmediacjly; poattioca !
ffu_ranteed at $10 P~ ' week up-, leading !
achcal in West. 233 Geary st, room VL
A— GIRLS ta learn millinery now for fall sea- I
son: both seasons taught from start to finish i
1 In one monr.i Tor $12: positions aa trimmers. 1
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 perw_.up; ;
day aad evening class. 113 Stockton St.. r. _J_ j
Hair_re_ung. manicuring, manage, 3calp treat- j
I ment hair work, removal superfiuaus hair .S3 2 I
j wks.: day. eve. ciass: positions secured. hij-Sest :
) -rages. Removed from 1236 M^t to 133 Powell, j
1 ~— — ' " — — •
! WAXTED— Girl of It or 13 to taka care af 2- ¦
year-old child in refined family. German prj>- j
ferred; $12 a month. Cail an Sunday be-
tween S a. m. and + p. m. 359 San Carlos
ave.. bet 20th and ilat near -tlsalon st
j ——______ I
I WANTED — Woman of jrood businpss ability to ;
represent us; previous experience unnecss- !
sary : references and security required; good '
salary guaranteed. 207 Mutual Bank bliig. I
! LADrES ta^ do piecework home; we famish .
materiais and ps7 $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped invelcpe to Royal Co.. 34 E. Mon- .
' rce st, C-lcaga.
'. RELLV3LE Swedish or German girl; general
housework; must be good cook; references;
wages $23. AJdress 2103 Clinton ave^ Ala- ;
j meda.
i WAN l'KL> — Ladles to Ieara barber trade, hair- 1
• dre-sic-r, maslcurinff and facia: massage; only j
* w^-ks required; cataiogue maiieu tree, j
MOLER System Colle-— , «C"i Clay at
j A — HAND sewers and finlahers waated on chil- '¦
drea's coats aad Ladies' waist-. t_ti Mission
at. third ncur.
_^_— , 1
I A — GZRL between 11 andy IS to maka —arseUT -
feneraily useful la maaufacturing depart- !
ment. 05tl MxasLon st.. taird flour.
A — OPERATORS wantad an children's woclea
coata and suits. US Mission st. Lap floor. '•
¦ WANTED — Toung woman who la an <?_pen- J
•need dry goods wrapper. Aapiy between 0 I
and 11 a. m. at w.»r.-: BROS.*
j SELECT, practical millinery school, estah 15 i
years: all materials tarnished; day and even- !
ing class: terms easy. 81* O'Farr-U st
j WANTED — A lady to go on a mining trip with '
a maa and wifa: small capital needed. Ad- j
dr-s» box 13-S. IOCS Market st :
j WANTED — A glri for housework: and cook- i
ing-. 2_3 FUlsiora st; cail Monday be- I
rween and 12.
i EXPEHIEN/CED operators on ladles' waists: !
good pay; steady worit S. KOENIGSTEIN
IS First st
GIRL for house— ark and plain cooking. Call
at 111 Fourth, at, Monday. 10 to 12.
RESPECTABLE siri far general house— ork: i
$13; apply Monday. 371 Minna st, ar. Fifth.
I WAiTTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and U a. -. « HALE BROS."
j MANGLE hand for St Nicholas Hotel.
LADIES waated for profitable employment;
cail afternoons. 4S0 Ellis st. room 103.
: .
WA_*TED — Girls for making grap« baskets:
pay whils learning. Apply W-ston Basket
Company. Third and Berry sts.
OPERATORS and finishers on ladies' waists.
JtTDA BROS.. 320 Martlet st
FIF_T-O_ASS cook 'wantad In family of 3:
_— t-olas* references required. Box 2734. J
CaU office.
GIRL to assist In ggnei -I house— or_ Apply |
Monday at 2012. Golden Gate ave. :
TGTTNTTr girl to assist w ita house— ijrk aad
j children. 403 Fair Oaks st, comer ZSta.
1 WAXT_D— A housekeeper. Apply 413 Thirti-
eth st. bet Sanchez and Noe.
SERVICES of experienced business woman
waated by local house. Box 2742. Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. ROSEN3LCM
A ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st j
WANTED — Aa operator. 72 1 Market st,
room 20.
I TAILORSrSSES wanted for aiteratians. Apply '
S. N. WOOD _ CO. ;
i WAITRESS — First clasa. $S. 2*W McAllister st. j
I ATTRACTTv-S young waitress.' "Mike's
Place," 197 Tenth st.
WE ar«s prepared ta supply very profitable !
permanent employment to ladles; $10 to t:0 j
weekly comfortably possible. KLushlon _om- I
fort Shoe Co.. 1— »3- Efr-iadway. Oakland, Cai. j
WANTED — Apprentices to leaj-a bairdressinsr !
and maaican-is: paid wbile Ieam las;. Apply
bet-ween 0 -nd 11 a. m. at H-U^E BROS.'
TOCXG womnn ta assist la housework: sleep 1
at home. Apply from 10 to 3 at _31 Turtc at L
8 LADT barbers wanted: -uarantee $15 per I
week. COLEMAN'S, Mutual Bank buUd-
lng. rocm 80B.
GrP.L. small family; $20. 20 Firm ave.. norta j
of Lake at f
A FEOFITABLE outing; pick hops la Aagrs-t i
Writs E. Oemens Horat 122 Battery st.S.F. j
A BR—NCH offica of The CaU 'or the reception |
ot advertisements and subacrtptions has been '
opened at 100a Market st. appcsit» Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m -
m w r.~» "WA_TT_3> — __S___.
A— PACIFIC E_tFLOT__NT AGENCT.
F _. CCJ^f, 838 Commercial St
Phone Main 113 L Phone Main I13L
i SAN: BERNARDiarO AND LOS ANGEL__
! 5U teamaters $«$0: long Job: ship Monday.
LABORERS.
i 10 laborers, near city. $80.
! Porter restaurant; extra waiter. $3 23 week;
: saddle aad harness makers, $3 30 day.
Andrew Larsen. pleaae call 11 a. m. to-day.
' ANER-TS. Odes 317 Stacktan st. '
1 Walter. $10 30^ a week: cook, plain hotel, $40; ;
third cock, $ti0: dishwasher, $7 a week; pot- I
washer, $UO: kltcien hand. S_3 to $;:(); bed- •
maker, $23: 2 teamsters, privaus place, coun- i
try $2« and found; gardener. *4O; German. !
farm hand, $23; wood choppers. $L 50 a cord, !
ttc - ;
j A 3ECRETART —anted for corporation; must I
have $300; good pay. Addreaa box 2_37, CaU.
BOT about 14. Apply 429 Front st
i BEST pa vine 3-cha tr barber shop ta city. cor.
Hyde and Geary.
I WANTED — Graders. _aply Mrmrf-ty morales'
1 early. 2_ Larftin St.
' ~~~*~ WA-TT-D — _-__g— CQ-ttTTiMd.
lOnen Sunday, Vi tn 1_>
. AX HOB_> _ -MITH.' S
Cantractors' Azeat-. _» T_rd sc
: L-ocrera- fcr tier. C.
ClacL _ smith, far camp, $*".
This i_ an. easy. Ions :<b-
Laborers for Bin* line. jinntTey Cii.. $2 2_
This '» an ail snaimer'd jub.
j A — AMERICAN E_PLOYM_NT dCl—i.4.-'*
«J_ Commercial St.. near K__-ny.
Phone Bust? iSEI. JOHN L. DR-SCH-LEH.
SPECIAL— TO-DAY— _-__-V_.
LtSGE WMP.OJT- SHIP TO-DAT.
* laborsr-i, halp earpejitsrs. etc.. experience
not rettuire<I. ?1 3D .lay aad found: 3 rissins
, allng?r-, }2 -to to $2 H3 day and lauad; 3
men med to blccit and tac_ie -wcr_: 2 ng-
. _^ srs - $3 to $3 2j dar-
AT C R. HAJNSET* S: CO.. Employment Agaats
K 423 Bush st.
Office opened to-»Iay. Sunda". 10 ro ES.
FOH NEW TU^rNEL. NORTH
, 1 Corner and _tatltrmen $2 7S
. Muckers J_
Stjsmer saiia tf>-day. ?_nda~. at notin.
C. R. H.V.\SEN- a» CO.. _» Eus-i at.
• A BCTLER. with, reffrenirew frona Uust place.
W!UTrs *~"it- cail a'"U?r It) Monday. MTS3
PLOTKETT, _5 sjutter at., near PnweiL
hcurs S:3U a. m. ta 3:30 a. m.
; A— IICTEL G-VZETTE. 23 -Isms' ry «t-~r. 12.
Bell boy far reaort. $13.
i WANTED — Ifaa. :>t experiencs and uaeraes-
tione-1 ability to manage and buy far tas
liveliest shoe department in i?outhera Caii-
fornia: a splendid petition for the right maa.
Write, stating- e-penence, wher* last em-
ployed, etc.. to bax 23H3, Cail offics.
| FOR_M.\N, -ompetent to taU» charg» at Urc»
vineyart and orchard: mxi."t thor^ugnl7 un-
derstand everything- connected wtth vlneyari
and farm worit; la r?plying state exp_rleac»
and s'-'.'f references; <• -i.ii sslar? to proper
man. Adrfr-aa box 27 tt. CaU office.
, WANTED — Men who are new successfully en- I
gaged ta representing — h_e«_e taiiarta*
arms; the very best wacleaale t-ilortag- ho-w
!n th» United States will give suca mea aa
opportunity to males mar* money; tae — wy i
best sample equipment, such as — ociens oa
consisTiment. swa_hes ixallaltad adverCMas;
maners. etc.. will be raraiahed.- braaca i
store* will be opened without requirln*- ta- !
vest— lent: —ore tncome » ««m e«« *o rlgat par- '
ties: gond salesmen will find this their op-
per_nity- Address A. _. N1CHOL. lcc_ hex
3_9, Chicago. III.
CCVERNUENT po-iticna — Mere than 13.0CO ;
acpolntniecta last' y»ar: examinations scca :
in. San Francisco. Write for ciroular J L.
giving list of pesiticna. salaries, examina-
tions, :::>-3c.i;:-.a. etc.. to National j
Correspondence Institute. Pacific Coast -jiics,
327 Market St.. 3aa Francisco. CaL j
W_ are prepared to supply very prafita_ie aer-
manent employment to several; $10 to $30 1
weekly comfortably passible. K_ihian _a_- j
fort Sho» Co.. 1Z-™ BroaJway. Oakiaad. Cai. I
WANTED — Tailor far repairias _c lup; deaaiag i
aad Dressing. -'•'¦•> Third st.
GOOD waxen paid tn portrait agents. CaU |
after T p. in. at IOCS Howarl st.
BAHBEHS — Far sale, ffooii payiag twrj-chalr i
barber shop. Corner F-nirteenth aad Falaom. ]
ALL
—en. to Ieara tae B__B_R TT—iDS: only i
eight weeks re«ju»red: pescens secar-d; con- 1
etaat practice aad expert iastmctiaa; soeclai
clt«r and c_ta_gie mailed free.
MOHLSa STiiTEM COLLEGE. «33 C— 7 st.
¦ AN «X3«rienceil. sober, incitistrious hat —¦»- ta j
take charge of a hat deparrnient ta a star- !
sltaat*d not far from San FY-ncisco: — nul>i !
prefer an unmarried maa from 23 to 39
years of age. A-dr-as box 1302. Call office.
I WANTED — Men and women to prepars for
Government positions. Appl7 for fire* cata-
logue _t»ta« particular-. 1'aclSc Cor— spend-
ence In?nr.iTe. Graat bigg.. 1085 Market st
LABOR debts collected: suJts. atr_camen*3L
La— and Adjuatinent Co.. 3_S Mantgy. c. *L3.
TOCNG man to lea— i barber trade: paid whir* !
learning. 3. F. Barber Coileg-. 741A Howard. I
A profitable outing: pick hops in A^riat W— t*
E. CLEMENS HOR^T CQ..-_Ba_ery st._l'_».
SAILOBS and t~_i; mea (green h^ni^> jar
ships. -LkLLBSHT. 317 Jaducii st.
PENSION Alzy.. E-\.Bu!Ils. r.+O. Phelaa _-«-. !
Past Cora. G«j. H. Thomas Pnst G. A. R. j
SAILORS and anilnary »*arn»rr for all parts of -
the wcrl- at HERS JAN'S. 27 Steuart st
A BRANCH offir- af The Call f_-r the reception !
of advertlsem-nts »ad s-bscriptiotis haa been
opened at IOCS Market at-, appesita F"_r_. (
Ccen until II D. si.
ADVEKT13EMENT3 subscriptions r-rretired at j
CaU branch office, cor. Duncan A Chnrca sts. ;
ALL atzea men's thaea, sHshtiy d-xcaged, >»»'* i
price. 5G3 Mlssica st. bet 1st and 24 *_.
GET your shoeji hair-aaled wMIe waltlns- 23c
to SOc. ."W3 M'.smi— 1 <rt.. bet. 1st aatt _d at_
SALESMEN __tte_— T-ro first-class tra— U__- '
salesmen capabls cf e— — » nting tie ajerits of •
a straight business prepe— tica in a con-
viacing manner: lugh grruia specialty men
worta $3CfiO to $50OO per year; salary ar com- '
misBicn. Address box 2172. Call atfice.
ZZ____ . 1
WANT-D — For nolldav trade Just opeateff. 2 i
specialty salesmen; reliable hustlers ca_ :
clear $3CC0 by Car!rt_a3. Address H. A. _., !
box 470. ICansas City, Ma.
— — _______________ 1
TR-VVELING salesman, by Ia--~ whcresals ;
house, to sell general store- ia Callfcmia; i
position permanent. P. A. WATSON, sales ;
manager. 36 Fifth av». Chicago.
N_W daily household necessity far merchants* '
salesmen profit ?_i. CAPS CO.. 1731 Curtis ;
st. Denver. Colo.
TRAVELING salesmen — Good maa each Stats- '
no experience; pe— nanent: good pay: liberal !
expenses. H. ART Hi. R CO.. Cetrnit i
HTrr.p 7ri_TH3 — so_ zczroas.
iTEN and women eve— ~rher» far prnfita_ia t
employment at your home; scar* time; no j
experience required. B. F. ST_W__T. 437 1
Ninth at.. Oakland. CaL
THS beat prrrpestion In 3aa Franci_co: Iegitl- I
mate: permanent 409 Graat builcias i
S«v*nt_ and Market
aoas-3 A-n> WACfoara.
FOR. sale — Nice large farait7 hcrse; geed mover
and genti^: wiia. harness aad ru-ber-tired
burary; or will sell separate: cheaa. 310 Vaa |
Ness ave. V_a Nese> Stables; call to-^lay.
COtTPE. new; auirable for doctor nr fa_ll7:
nevrr used: sell at a sacrifice. Club Staalea.
Twelfth and Harrison sts.. Oakland. '
A-CT1OT* sale every Tuesday; Jiorses. wagsas.
s-ur— yr buggies, earts an- aarneasT At 1110 i
Faisam st 1
FINE river bcttora pa3turag>: green feed, rear '
round; near Black Diamond. Coctrm Caata !
County. Nucleus Stables. 10U Steveason. ii*. \
FOR sale — A fine saddle mar-, kind and xmad;
welffht 1C00 lbs; will »«U far $73. Box O_)tl.
CaU office.
SWELL wagon and cne hcrse. Call at Li-eit/ I
Dal.ery. 857 Washington st, Oaklaa-.
FOR sale — Rubber tired buirgy. $33; used very ,
little. Box _3.tf. CaU affice.
LIGHT bus-T for sale: price $e0; uaeij Z j
months. Bex 2231. Call office.
FOR sale^ — Fine set rabb-r cjounted tarae-S, j
SI.". Address box VJl.'j. Call office.
BARGAIN — For sale. herse>. —agon aad har-
aess tn first-class condittnn. 72t) Pacific at
LARGE team. $4O: pacer. $20; eamp team, out- j
fit. sale or rsati bug_~. cart 2723 Brraat I
WAGON" for sale: one trait -rajan. to carry 4
tons. -<2a Nl-:h st
NE~ ' and second-band wagons, all kiads. at
1*13 Marker st. cpn. Frankiia. I
WAOOIf _TTES. sun—vs.btig»7tes. waipnt. bar- |
nw». worit ami <lnvin» bcr»««. I3th- Valencia, i
gOT?S-3 TO 3J3TT. I
A — PRIXTED list of houses tr» ietrsend far eir-
cuUr. G. H. V MBS EN _ CO..20 Monxgnmerr.
BL'CHANAN. 17^3, near Post — Desirable house.
<i reams anil bath.
aL'l'irin. 11_3 — House of » non_i ta let _n<t '
stable fcr two hursas.
$_l 30 — WATER free; beautirol 7-rocra aocse.
3*rr Saxttm a*—., Insipslile; call to-_i7.
$37 50 — SXTIOrr »-room Ixause. 13S2 Gr«en
st. near T ..____,
ECi.i-3 TO Tr' 1r V^W Hi^imu tr n
¦W E hare several tw-!T aaj attract:"'*— aomp^ |
to lease, pcsseaslns flne marine vie—; rent- j
Slit) tn $230 per monta. SOJTNTJ.-T BUGS.. ¦
232 McntgonM-ry st
PEERCE. 47. ccr. Cub. c- Park — Desirable new. |
sunny cotra g— 1. 7 rooms: fuix. or uaftxr — .
gotta.'.s — Tc__rr3__r_ — __xr3___r_*o.
TO leese^ — Furnished; '•Tile Crest" taa_Cto;|
superb marine view; tennis court. <-— cruet- I
S rooma, 2 baths. A~>iy _A__3O^* _ !
BUTtKE. 3O- Mantgomerr at
¦ ¦ 1
SOT7SES irii mi-, i^m nn — au tin a-u— ,
TO rent after Autr. 13, 4-roo-_ f_rai__ed cot-
taja at Hio; very csea?. 2i3 _c_t^ st.
*~?~g^O~~t— 3 T A3~> "gr 7T? t *- m j J f~^~ 1 '
sTllLJSi^ c_-J2«te_x Asur.c« wonias, tern- '
;•— »t*r, hcnrr-c, want- li_at s-*'«epii:i _a—
w_aj-ng Uy t_e _ur; an- __niiri»9; cttm;rr_i
*M->a_. 41- __a c_rture. IX> Fcui-Ui »t.. '
fat ff!-_t_ roam _«.
-¦> -:l'jii tcruxil grart-atc lesirvs position in I
ai_C( u- copying _; ia-^SJ*. Adiir_s» Ml^.*;
C 1... ltK_ S__.cSts st.
Uii.__i_j_>jj;— ]_, «x-;eri83ic>s_, wiafces i 1^*
mur> e»;aji<m*;— by th»: iajr; food cutl.--r
xzm gtigr; — sLson-bJi. lias _73_, Call.
*'— arTgp — i>y a r-nred lady, position aa gov-
urac-f.; r-ier*nr«-a g:^-m. Adiireiw b«ix LStM.
_^~» Marit-t IT. j
— "y _-.:_ r.e-_p~l Ta-ly. hcr_— keepf- 1 s
P-s»t_a _ »u_«ri "amii;-, or far lnvaiid
_— Ojr. &_ __m, CjuI efSce.
• A rn G wfi_os >our:g wonian Trtshes Mine
«"-ad cf ruuw-iirk to do. Ailres- MHS
_S2tm£. 1104 TTams^a st,
i'CM.Or wants work by tie day washing <sr
htn_s«f;e_ai=ir. $1 M __ii car ;_r*. Cau ur
a-_re*t MSS. C— COO_>; ILj Hayes st.
BY a ~:ua.e sresaa __n a fccy S y^ara. ai
hca i-»kee^er; au cb*»»ct;ui_i to the couatri'.
t. c*t _ti_i__i. bat, H;a a_l L_ta.
A CC_P"_T_NT midiile-ag-d O*rman woinan
— -?r;e, l-^Tu^f-ke— ;-r' a -.-sition. $23 up. A4- :
dress 3r~x. 23SQ. Call offir-.
GriOD d— _nna_er w:H reduce her -nee from
C 10 to j; 75 i •lax i-ar*njr the iull seoaoc;
rgfere-res. IfliTlisi -vtTA illsaicn st.
Wa>"T_D — Cy a _i.i_:_-_ged Udy a poaitlon '.
as huuseke— 7«-r ir tn^alid's -arse; best of
r^e-encea. Bcx _3t, CaH office.
WANT"__>— ?t«:_ ( iti sj> ".loujeieeper: bava ex-
per:e_-» witi ci_™ren. A^d-esa box 27_3.
C__i office.
WC-CAX waars swe<— i_g ,jr !:g_t washing ar
ci—rater w~t t- .lay sr hour: _!» cents aa
-our. CS_i ir *__-saa SCW^a _tij!E:cn si.
JL GCC3 ¦:_— «_na_;r w t?he« work sy tia day
cr ar. home. $_ ana .unch. -73 ?>>ari n..
b«c-— en V_eac^. Market and Tl iir*_«Et_.
WANT — L>— Uj- respectafii^ wom_a. ___f-<iay'a :
lashing cr cica-s.njj. P'.ease jail ~t adijress
-S-. E.. 3275 E-.-r.sca st. j
_ir:L_-_;Er ._rt»a ._iy T-.shes p^at- ¦
-on a_ houaewsrxer- c:rr or country. 3cx :
_72. IOCS __.-..-• at. f
WANTEZ3— A pcaillcji by a first-class seam- ,
stress aad aps__.r» g:ri: — 'ereaces , wages
tZZ _ $30. 3ox _*7"i. i"a.l.
Jt TOCNS wci_a w:tlj r-f«r»nt^» wants houae
¦.¦:p_ai_g br «-»y. s". 0" -3vi car lire.
It McAriister «t_ : baaeirent.
A N_lAT, re_5«in_;!_.e _;_ae_eeper. w.th a
ch:M ' raon'.ha ;Ui. wishes ;josit,:cn. T-.-uatry
pnfisR— t. -~t st.
rEES£_,VlcrV_ :a 'ami^ea Sy aa «rp«r;eQced ;
**!-awir__e* > :n trie lata ieslgas: also -snr«.
.ng. ZC2£ E. D . 1-37 'VVsiren'r «t.. ar. Ellis. !
? LADT — -ml- !:_« to eats ta re ai.'enee Car- '
irg abseace of cwaers. 2110 McOee st..
Eeriteiey.
V_XT3EO — Fla;r. st»:.-:i -2 io at ho_e- 203-
ZCB -»anre_ __ aj— rest.;ce :a snlllaerr st^re.
Sob J~j3. Call office.
CC^K »-£_ea a Etuaticn. A_ XAtTTE. 1323
B j — — .. few
_> 2 l".iT,-~LA55? _— semaker will war- after ¦-
noccs; 7-^ Bcx 2*00. (~»ri orfice.
S wanted bv G-r-njt- glri a_ ___»-
keener. 3cx 2tt_, Call office.
~* A.VT__— P-^-ititj '— ' a — >un« lady for any
_:=• :f w-r-. MISS B.. 304B Sc-esra st
_TX ZSS as a cook. I_5 Aiistia av«. ,
A _Aj: T wisSrs a pcaition aa _cuae_ ;e-per. !
D38 E -— uri tr.
T n ?~Szi _-:n w-^h(^ 3C5-.t;en as g-~ eraesa.
Box 217^, _a_i cifice.
.s waitress; short hours. Ecx 23S3.
•2a.'. arTice
~ l - % -~'ir — P-Miitacn as hcte! maaaser: flfteea
>-<rar»- exp«r:eac-;. Box -331. Call office.
RZ-PECTAELE wemaa w'shes wcrit Sy the
i_j. 7t*i fclcwarl c
<_EI_fA_C »onia wants n^us— -rr_ :n sntail
r-^ilr ; OH — -_£ay. 25« CFarr-il at.
Lx_ri_ i£S w— "-aa waats w-jr— . as waitress .
_»rx _i^5. Call.
?. .YNT _r— P_ce '.zr -r.-0Ki=g a.-.d hcusewcrk:
«--ur»s $23. city or cotmnr. Box 2i__. CaiL
BTTVaT ICT! as cnambe— ns:d. Box 2TO. Cail. 1
* ~ F-ri 't .-nij — -rjc nr pnra; nause-
»«»rk. Bcx *T>>. CalL
'T*w*-_ a -K;«:ncn _i rxndy- stars.
- :> "ZO raid-ie-Aje-i w-:— an would
t.* % j-xiziaa as Souaekeeper. 23 '-^ 51x_i st_
VCXAS Tarts wcr_ kv tie lay; wastli-r or '
-.- t : ;l4— - .••-aniag. Call 13 Shirley st.
- !-_%.. rellabi". gaoti woman; work by
*.-.- la- washing. Ircruas aaut hcusecieaa-
la*:; Dl| lav and carfara or 73c per half
?'eas« _q_ra at. *J4 _aa Jcse ave..
'¦ — -t T-a,«-rr-ninra -«L
A PA Inr.ri maa_ piace la ccuntry for li-year- :
¦ igir: a» cake <-are of baby :a exc_ange for '
good Jicj—* ixja— i ; strict Ajaericaa fa __ii?
B..S _—^ •_-.! .::flce. . i
GEHilAN W)__j wou-i Uk^ .1 few hours"
warit a 12.- aaslrt cookiag ia restaurant, i
- — ar*-~a ?lare. sS 'leary «t.. near Mason, i
-^~* "V"Traa wishes g-aeral houiw?-
w!rku-i.-rk;rr Apply 11% E__sabet_i at. ¦¦
=e *~ - wem-;'-L.--..r-i md 'Juerrem.
CCa?_._fT -lunar w— u waats work by
tae i_y. sou— <_— sins, etc, or chamber
wrs-k: steady. «,e— 1 _t _^-«. I1C3 _t— aion
st_. c-ar Seventh.
Y~RZX -H 'aa-dr-s- wurta w_sH:_jr and lr-=t- ;
:_r by tas <tay. ids. PARTIS. 131S Dn- ¦
pect at.
TOCsG latfy. — 5—- -enced s-eacirrapher. -Jertres
a -jo«:t_m. ca^i g-.v« reference-. Ecx 236-. I
Ca_t o£3c«.
BCCSiS^EFEn i~.& -re-rjmpter — ttn t v««—r
erper-esce w-.ghrs sifMi_ > o_. 3cx 2ifil. CalL j
WATT x*z a=.-i s^b^ripticas t_ken Tir Tis ;
Call t; Satrr. s Bazaar. <CS Mc.Ullster st.
-> -". — HTI_ il_T— Tf TS. »pb-ij!ut!ui_ — celwit at I
Ca.1 g— aaca cgfir— . car. *>-——»— and Otsrclt \
**"^ — — — * "" mmm^^— — m — — j — . i
_— r_o__i_._rr w-a'i'-j — _______
61TTTATICN w»nt?-i as caoren_a ia privats- '
St_iJy; _s._ersT-nii- care ot harses. caws. '•
caic-ess. etc. ; .s abie and willing t_ ia harl '
work; will basil '<:r -t>_lr work the year
rocad; w_I come — '1 r^c jirmen-ed by last '
employer, wtirre I served Z^-3 years; will I
— 'rve a a ilains >t r ¦ - camp cr any oth «er •
lr.etit_ncn: no *nd *.-ari. 3»_ -7SL Ca.1. !
_N" experier.etii iju-<-er and manager is open j
Zar aa «___se— em; general n-.rr-haadls* ; ¦
special—', clutiimg. iiat_, r_:-ai»h;ng pjcdz; j
caa manage cct aa<i haa-ile *tock ta — ax» '
11 nr. pr_sc!pa.s on:y. Box _7>w. Call.
~\i~n_A_EH. Jewel--. 1 m us. l__aond
•et*-=r aad octiciaa; ail nunii man: wia ac- j
<— pt de-iranle p« wltica in OaliTamia Se-~
ten-.tier _. Adtlrese L. D. WABCDT, 2_o '
Ron i a— i^ Dallas. Tex.
AX e-ii-ny man. b*«t refeie-g-a. wishes pcsi- !
Ctm as »li»vatmr nnaer or watchman: speaks i
asd w— tea Zsstlmh. Freaca »ad Gerraaa. '
Box 27_. Cail office. j
THCHCCOH mefaanical imughtst-an. %md '
«ie-;«3«r »_d -i«rtaii« i r: W y«ars' >x^>rrnc*: :
jalairyc. «tat.(.nary aad g-neralw crk; wishes
worn, at borne. A/ifireas bcx 2737, Cail
¦ — . —^^——— -———.—— ____^____. i
2t_CHA .^ICa _, iraugiitjrman: caod <iesigner ;
as_t tietalltr. Q r«-ar*' exp*ri_nr»: mlnins;, i
¦tarlcnary. p-rwef p_ats, faetaries; wants
ps-Tf— 1 .tt *ort at hazae. Bcx 2*^3, CaiL i
-—-_————————— —^ ————-____________ j
PinfBF.Ha helper, strictly temperate, mid- !
>Si»-*ge<J r-ajj, with acme experience tn ptp« ;
String —3d lobbing, -webt-m steady place to {
fiaiah the tra'ie. Box 2*77. Can.
filTCATIOS war.te<i rry exsert boG_ke»p— • wirn '
10 years' m«i—M «-d t_o— reghly peste-.i ;
ta ail modem «y«te-_; exreilent refe— aces; j
:.-..-.:•¦•." gaara-t-ei n<rx 2-M. Call.
PArVTEE. and t>aijer haneer: ar- 2S: rw:— it !
_rr:val: >c*x_ all a— — _ r.d t__ .a: iranta tar~e '
nsontts' st_a«iv wnrii__-t s_ _i> —-r day; city i
cr country. Box 27711, Call affire.
CKZ2LXS. srber. r»UaSjie. ur.rfe— tands care cf i
tetirsps. g_-les. *tc. ; can milk; waats situa- i
rion oa private piace; city or country. Bcx ',
__£). C-iil o_2*— .
A P_AC_ wiatH fnr a Cer— _n b<— . a*e 14 1
C__SoRc: caa speak a Uitle E_ailah; wher- !
ae —ill have a emd h-rae. aad Uaura a jscd i
trade. A<idres» I— I FmirOi st.
TAILOa wants so«;.U;n. <— itntry preferred; !
- •:,'¦¦ -._•!-: •woci»i hr wniins: to work fcr i
smail woj-h. Box 2C31, Call of_t
BAST— ._IJ_H— - T^acrr ~~— n cf g-^sd addz-vs. J
..- — ••« «TTs»lit i «i. tro_«.a l "r"Js7 aad rellabje ¦
A J— ress HETCET. «0iii Third «t.. room 10. j
LACT CpgT¥ A :f •¦*«» ts th-arw. urhly «-npe_-_t ;
t« _And> a-y si-e plait Irishes pcsitloa. Ki- '¦
dress bcx L.. 13— — — » ca ¦_,
W.-OTTE_j — _l«_t — -nlcvment ni « n y kini. i
A3»iy —OCT. jCn__STl_. .*_) Post st.
A BSICHT Japsap-e bry wants position as :
waiter ia nice famfly: dry or csuntry; an- ;
_er» KZTSrfs houwwnrk . ttoroHtftC* and »peaks '
wen. T. GEORGE, car- Ja=aaea_ y^rn, ¦
X <-*¦»?*»»"» nla-e, o_ BU£_ St.
SOCiiS I'll «.^T"-f— -f TQjl ~«t.t»
FOR -ale — Fumished ti rocias: 2_t to iet. '"__
at 1'W^. Sixth st.
_ < COTTEAGSS •W__*T3_3.
rr_N_*H__> corrage. of 3~o7Trocm_ Srl ff
_ mtmrita; _~'tSin siort dldtaac- ,if .jtty. __-
tir-~ r_ W. T .VrR>-_rt. -_-i> Fiurta »v*
I J— > tf — — " M xju!3.
i
WAi i_:_>— Parcr w Ita E«H> or ranr- ta fng_r»
ia — an__L cturtag bu_iae_ s; larse aesxaad ¦»"¦<
proata. H-— 27-i-. _._u •5t*j«
j CTT.lTiTO ?— ~.
i SOLD, r-at-d. exchanrsd: ma___aet_r-r_ -it
Eoaiea tricycia- __lr. 2013 M__; t_i.Pars: T7-.
j — SCTTHE5.
I -T__ Wradm of R—ilum and It* ?->-—• t 3
Curing- DLaeaaes." It__S M_r_at St.. Z a__ *
a. 3. Sea_ 'r»«.
j -O3T A3T3 gQ-g_TD,
I WILL yoir-g- _*y. wtth bienda ha_r. wijo left
—wck Nu. 3a«3 ia 4lova-oi*a__s lesmrcaent
caU aad UientlTy .«t:»— ni.' -_^ tauad a
glove of t_a left hand: mast cro— » sr-jperty.
JOS ROS__NB_Ra, aid Morkat. st,
j LCST— A pa-sbocjc with the Kibe— tia. S-ivizg*
antt L_an Society of 3aa Francisco :a _i«
name ai Mary Ajfnes suilivna. Nj. i__-fc_i_
T-e Snder wiU pleaae return ta
I LOST — Lady's raid watch oa folio— _sT rrjuta;
sacramanto cars t» Cantral »v«. t C-iifara-*
cars ta aansoma. Eatara, to 3U7 Spraca> s_:
Ubarai .-1.v4.-i.
! LCST — CSunera on A___eda b— _d- f_a__. UJeal;
flader pinasa- r«_m> to ?. C _arr___a» Clzj
Ecsiaeer* u—ks. ___ _*ra_ur_ca; nw«*l
i LOST — We_aesd_.y, 1 gsui .•**:!*- ijracaiet; «___;!
dl.iT~nnd !n the paxtlccit, Ratura _> O_-sa-
tcls _a_aier -ad receive rs-rard.
STRATET — _crr-i ncrsa. from 3__ 3*_3__k_
Raach. 113 _u_si_, a/*., aear -_U
; — Ca=p SSOAi
; LOST — a: f»r— -. ladles' gold —arc-, *__i =_r
rewari. 9id ilarssr. at., rocia 22.
\ LOST — I_uiy> goitt watch fob; 3_ncgr_n M.
A. 3C8 OT_t«:: -t., rac-a 31; -bcra- rswari
: FCUND — Ta» aex: thr-» mcnt_*, c_alc«a« cat
Sowers aad aU descriptions Sarai war* as
«na-*_urd i_a regu ia r prtcea; aa— — r cons race
aad must «,ij ; _ .tares. ?.il Sur_r «n-f _3M
Sutxsr. ___3____TT. TH_ irLC____
i ————___ _______Z_!
LCST— A pass book, with tae Hiberaia 3_.vta«s
aad- L_aa Society of Saa Fraacisco la t_»
naaie of Aanis E. t-rs— ter. Na. 22a-_C
The Sader win please rat-ra ta &a__,
¦ LCST — T_ursday. a goid chaJi araceier. «— «T
diaiacnj la the p-iilrrj Ratura. ta f~>-r— -n 1 '^
cashier aaii recaiv* reward.
B_t___3TP_7 with g-ntiersaa* 1 jftota. "rtadar
wiU itindly rerura. ta rf33A m*.-?. t-. it. asi — _
ceivs ps-arl
j LOST— Fox tsrrrlar. aisis. Sunday: No. nt a— s-
licenae. _34t; iiher-ii rgwar-i fca* Sadar ac
clew. Faitan st.
: LOST— rriaH aa-tt-r -icai He t_ra to ys 3*!2_l
st aad receivs r— -_r<_, "
— ATT— 'CHSS ?C_ ~f»-~,
t — — . . , „ . .
i C A. McNSXLL X_\UNCH CO.. foot af Clay
sz.; for plei_-ar»> aajj business: tsi. _ :ja ~ *.
j J. Micaaeila L__nca Co.. Coion-at. W__rf; bca:-
Ing -t excursions. 3 ateuar*. i_.,tal. J.^iia _38dl
I __L-*T-t-_-a-3 A-TO ---r.^-a-t
TO order; r-aavated. disinfscted ' *ora_ide&-'l«
pneessi: excellent carpet ci____!«. _O?__3
3RQg.. liC_-:-t Eow arrt st. : snena- 3ou__ ZL%.
I 1
3--TT_7TTa— ~ * T r ,
[ WlIXtWLBg raec_x_ic (C3, S_sl__. --<•-—!¦—-
o*r^**. -i ifias a ..::.¦• rnea _ a -woniil siarry
¦ henest lady cr gacd — or_i_s siri u:<: ¦;- «»— *
ag» ia like circua—taacea: giva fall dasc— p-
ticn: raust b» hunast a ail tr*ia; 30 _ *__an.
Address box -722. Call offics.
I A GENTLEMAN' wlta _c_» la r__-__.ra par-
of _tats. t«_er- _a _ engag-id *-. si-seat;
also has pmc^rty la Saa Fraaciac-. woa.ii
Ulta to correspond wtt. 1 ? a lady acst:; _a_rl-
rsccy. Ecx _S3. Ca_l ofSce."
; —DUCATEXJ g-ctiemaa. well <_naec_d •oc-CIy
aad ffn:tr!ria::y. ag» 2_ would 11_» ta nxaee
* lady cf social staadlay-. ob:ect —*?——¦-.-—;
I will scon b» heir to a .__.-:; > _tar_. A_-
•ir_s b-x 100T. CaU af^ce.
| WIDOW Uuiy '__icu_sner-_5. 40 year- alii.
brsnett*. suany 'liapoaltlcn. wlahas ta cor-
respond with, a kind, sober 1 ;••-:. wax—. a»»
lect amcrt_icny. Eox 2231). **-:• affi__.
j — — — ,
j WANTED — By siagla woman, actjaaiar—ic-i
wita wtdo— rer w_o has «rr_i_I eallaraai objacr
matrlarony; men, wSo use to~a_co> or wsisSry
neexl not rtrpiy. A.t.t:'»is hex __T. <""*!•
1 TOXTNG w_o owns a -___$ {_ Scaocra
Ca__t7 ~ auid llis to meet an IrisU or Inaa-
Aaier-.caa _iri; cbiect m_-ri2:osy. Bus _ili,
Cail officat.
I TCXTNG lady i_8>. narlve .ia_ts_tsr of Caiirar-
nia. would '..'.<+ ta> meet aa _oncra_i» janxis-
maa -lairiaicniaily inclined. Box _34. fa:'.
I LADT wishes- a_r;__it__!cs of aiderty ar wM.
dle-_ce<J gentieisaa wtta cao<l -jesitian; gT^»
desenp. ; ahiect matruncay. Bax 2734, fa 1 *.
: A BU3_N_S3 — aa. ag» 3Z. wtiul^ :_u» o cer-
re-ptmd w;ta _. refined 'acty; object mac rl-
tnoay. Box 227!>. Call office:.
i HTTNGAi—AN, 2E, wtsnes to maet a lady a*
wi-iiw w:_t imail cacitai: object —»—?—¦——.
Addrsss bcx 2737. Caii of2c_.
; WT_;OW_R (37> would Ilia ta> ¦!nrruayaEi& — lt_
a lady about _. :.:; h:i _a:na_sy. Box
US3. Call offica.
1 lOL NO busiaess man of 2S waats> t3 — — <r Unf—
of _ some meaaa; object ciatriasaa y. Sax
22C3. Call effica.
BL__T_7__> *-»-: •¦rra_ {'Si.) wizsas -3 _t«se «!_•
cat-tf yooss w_s-r - jt s~«r -3. Rff~ 2CC3,
Call o£— —.
G__Vi.\ scat 33, desires) _er-— at— asa ii '.at£r ft
sult__Ur age; abiec: w.~-m- Bax ~ ? ~*_
Call of— U— •.
_t 13 SAGE.
ilA SSAGS at tas ____»; t_ru___. _3. z*?~
alysia. nervo-sneas. succe-sfaily tr«a_e»t. ?>
LAD_ES— If rou are In trsu&ia, »-n- ¦».¦»» _x -!»
Bailer Crr lrreg_iari_e_. _*!» far t_» ua-
fort_natr. My — cs» ia da— 3t«t «x=i__l*»ai7 to
these con-iticaa. I'_ __• uaiy- G___7Ca.T3
phyndaa hxrv who caa. say *__, Cail or
write. Ccnfldentlai. Eat. 1* j— _ D3. B_ EC
W_3TCN. 3ffic» 308 K___RNT 3T.
LADCO (tealrtnc aafa. a-Z-i aad tri— — rmOtC
trcm Irrex-iarrtlea cosaui: zae; —7 -i<rtacxt_
are paiai~ss> aad reUable; 30 failaras 1 : so — -
oraltaat fees. CONSULTAnCJI _O AD-
VICE FK__; 17 years' «_3ari«ac» ta aU f»-
rr.ole disor-ers; _— or write. CBL ~— ~T_.
7G2 _ar_et sc. ei«— ¦ 7 __,« _.
MS3. ETS, WTETH. »pec___st for a_ fsmal*
complaints and trr~g-iartties: lasfaaff r-il<-f
guaraataed; 30 years* exprlg— ->. 8_3 Pnst at.
21HS. Eft. KCHL. rstlaal* soeciailss Jar ail f»-
male troubles aatt irr««_ar!ties; !_»t__t n~
Uef y-araa teed. I0C3'-a Mar_«t St.. or?. 3-X
VALPSACS fm___a 3i__ir fcest re»_:atlas Bills
scld; price $-30-7 exsr&a. Pastsur'* syr- -
Inga aad ta_let_: price $5. By fX?-»—> <ra\-?
ca receipt of pricas. OSO^CD- BROT_t___3.
wnolesala drasx_t_> S«v---_ sad. _te— ut-ray.
Ca— land.
EK. G. W. OT r>— ~~ tt.— - a r? —30 _— stek or
ia Cochla consult __s sped ailst oa f*=__a
cumslaia— r pcsl!iT«l7 ctrr—wta-; _Ss <___rt3i -
nata -eipeii; —• ran* t dirSc_£ cases tr-aistt:
advlc- free. Otfica 1015 M— -'xst it.
LADIES' ij.egalaritles ftmn aa7 cause csr^t
In on* da.7: aa drassr no operations; strictly
prlvat»: arfvic* fr«>«»: hours. 3 to 1>.
DR. STLVESTEB. offics _3 —eararst.
JtRS? DU. AD.VSC ladles' rpecia_st far a^
faasala tr*iuhi«; cssnsul-xtifnt fr?»; gooi icrr.-»
Jar can—sement. SC3A. EUis st.
M33. DE. G \V T Kit. SllA Leavt -rw_"_l st» &•-
t-ween Geary aad CFxrrsU.
DR. «_1 M33. DATIS3 aad EC—TDCC E_*t33:
nrisin_J meti_Jd ot treat meet. 1123 MarSat.
LA_ir— S — Kamrauad; aafs ei—~>. 2**er __s:
$_ Gle-aon-a-*:g-ie» Crr-g r-_.__g_r_T * Cay.
1 DB. RCSXS »s_Sb» 2333 B*ol_oci sC «Br_er
2Sta; ladles, reiiaf or 93 in: Cft.
•311 ana A— rx> ___r__ro.
I «MW«M^ » ~ — wm »— _— . ——_—_—_—_—>
! Al _irNTN(i pr-Tert7 si e_____ss for city
realty;- value JHO.Oifl, -rouiit b« winins to
*33_r* stnall mcrtsasf*!. A-sirass Sox 27_i.
Cail office.
\ _ET_A_HiCARTEES fbr T-ruipaa «oc_t. ".:r?-.V-.:
Cro^-lK-. bUIsc:. PttciSc Stat»- If!-. — Div Co.
OJ'-'IC— 3 AS— ' STO3— 3 TO —5?.
j MARi_ET. 313 — To ress for term <rf years. ani»»
ftaif «f stcre-ro-in; best r-ralt lucntiott 13
7roD«3<**»- Aopiv ta tVHIt— iH.'..\ '¦ j
MACE IN E CO— ?A>TT. ZCH P^i« at.
j PKYSXCLVN caa sec_— aesirabie of_» wUU
dentist at tluS V*ln__> at., c-jr. _2d.
For Add. ttfcmal C— ~s ISedr _t-Uert_ac-
ise-tta See Pa~ I"sny-5ts,
racpxoT___:_rr waitid — stale — Con. i
A CUliP£TENT. exaerlenced hott-l maa would
iik«- ucuiticn as irutnae-r of note!; any siz-?. I
Address T. C. KLNG. Hotel Suijbciia. SOS :
Oeary st
— 1
GAJlDnXER. .>nerxetic youns man, 13 years. 1
wants cans cf lawn or zanlea fur
room and bcarti. AJreas _ax 21US. CaU.
SOHER. reliable Japanese wishes position; any j
kind outside work; city cr country speaks
English. Eox 237S, Call office. (
BRIGHT Japanese student waats pcuiticn aa
soheclboy In small family; apeaks well; un-
<ierstaa<.l> cooking. M. WAI>A. BIT Hayes St.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as
wait-r in small family; spealis well. ECATO,
_rocin S. 81 IA Post st.
JAPANESE cou_le want places; man as plain
cook. wif«» :io boils*— farn - wae— s $33 mauta
ur-- TAMADA. 1 City Hall place.
JAPANESE, near and energetic, waata work
1-r hia _a-sags ta St. Louis fair; tmder-
stands -entlgraea's care. TOrX. 633 Suttar. I
JAPANESE nchocloojr wishes oonttioa ln~a i
small family. _, o., Jasanese GosDel da- I
clery, 725 Geary St.
TOCXG Japanpse bey wants a position as
schoolboy; un.Inrsta.-ds rookinjr; epeaks weiL
_J^ 1^^^VATAXI : _bcx_2743. Call office.
•JAPANESE, neat and »ner_etic. wants ta ;¦
work hia oasi-age to St. Loula fain under- i
stands g-ntieman's care. YOIN. «_3 Sutter. I
JAPANESE exprienced chamber worker wanra •
siraaticn in family cr hotei. T. GEORGE.
121 Haight at.
A JAPANESE ycung boy waats position as j
schoolboy in small family. B_ M.. 1223 De-
viaadera »c; tel. Soott 348.
JAPANESE flrrt-clasa cook waats pcsltlrm In '¦
private family; have refer-nces. EMOTO, [
110 (icldea i'atm ave.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school- !
b^y or h.jnsework. Address 1544 Polk at.
JAPANESE w-»nt» a oorition as school boy. !
Addreaa U. M.. SIX Stockton St.
PI-AT3 TO !_BT. j
AAA — HOUSE RENTING DEBARTMEST.
All desirable vacant houses and flats ara list- |
ed In our firre renting department: aver 1000
b) number; a comhined llat from ail agencies;
1st us give you a list and help you to and !
a place: we never fall: aerrtce fr-*
STERLING FURNTTURK CO..
lOna MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER,
A — HOTTSES and fiats to let: aa tmm«si« list: '
s^-rjee Tosoluteiy fr-e; take advantage of 1
•his. iepartme-t; It will save you tlma and:
trouble. Conies Furaitara Ca. 2-3-2311
Geary st.. on iha square.
lOiv, pi>'2 ,t. : r rooms, bath.
51 «— 22:iB a;tii st: tt rooms, bata.
S22 30 — ;i4«i 13th; 0 rooms, bath: corner.
$23 — 57« Church; 6 raoma, Nuh: house
$20 — til Hermann; 3 rocma. hali.
PATTERSON. Examiner bids-., room 202.
2t NEW sunny, artistically finished fiats of
4 and 3 rooms and bata on Padfic st., be- j
rw~en Taylor and Jones sts. : rents ranging i
frt>m $13 to $23. VON" RHEIN REAL £S-
TATE "CO.. 513 California st.
LEAX r E*XWORTH. 13C0, near Clay — Lower j
sunny flat <it 7 rooms and bath; rent $40. '
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 313 Call- I
fcrnia st.
— — — — _ __—__— ______________ 1
POST. 24S0. near Brrnierirk — Lower gat of S
HKB_a and bath; rent $25. VOX RJHSIN I
REAL ESTATE CO.. 313 California st.
GROVE. 12GS near Devtsadero — Lower flat af
•1 poems and bath: rent $23. VON RHELM I
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 Cai lforata at.
CL-VT. 'i311. near Central ave. — Sunny lower
flat of 3 rooms and bath: rent $23. VON :
RIIEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 313- California. |
EEVISADERO. 1109. near Turk— _TJddl» flat if I
«> raoma aad bath: rent $33. VON RHEIN' i
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 CaUfamia st.
-————————————-—-———_————_——_-———— — ¦ —^— i
ELEGANT finished new sunny upper 9 rooms '
and billiard hail ; grand view of city-; with i
or without private stable. 330 Pierce st
yOP.THSAST corner flat. 7 rooma aad bath; !
sun ia <?r~— room. 1436 Ellis st. ; rent taw. '
Applv MADISON & BURXE.
' ;
CASTRO. 421. nr. 17th — Sunny belt; modern j
upper French 3unny U roams; balcony; 1
grand vie—; conv. for 2 families: $40; stable, j
FINS place. 13. ofT Fine, near Mason — N>-w j
flat. 4 nom», bath, '-wllar; ready for Sep- )
t-mber 1; ailiiits; $20.
UNION. SSO — Newly built flat of 6 rmjeas and j
bath: latest improvements -ad marina view, |
rent 5^3.
EONT.'EL place. 22. near SIxtaenta aad Valea- •
etas sta. — Modem Sat. 3 rooms and bath;
rent SLS.
SQE, 1050 — Beautiful new flat; sunny coiner; j
5 rooms and bath; ail modern improvements; j
convenient to Castro and 21t_-st, cars.
2 CHZAP flats in the Richmond district: rent |
$4O a month: can be bought for $*il00. :
GEO. I LAMT. ¦•» Crocker bldg. j
BA.KK5. 731-73.*! — Fine rncd«-m. ne~ flats; 7 1
moma« bath; between McAllister and G. G. j
3EACTTFUL flat; 6 rooms and hath. 733 j
Slinrsa st.. near Ninth; $23.
EROD ERICS, near Sutter — Elegant, new, mod- j
era 3a.tn; abundance of aua and light; key lot. ,
EL'SH. 12C3i_ — I rooms: rent $1L Apply I
I2fl7A Euah rt.
BtTSH. _T_"L near P!er-re — Elegant, modern '
flat; every rcm sunny; 2 toilets, gas, elec. '¦
CALIFORNIA. 1001— A suite of 3 raon_ _n_ . i
bathraum; ring electric belL.
CAPP. ISM — New flat. 6 rooms and bath; ail ' '
noms fr<?scoed; rent $23.
CH.UE.CE. 13CG — Sunny fiat; fiva rooms; bJth:
-= ! :
EIAMOND. 120— Modern lo-er fiat; 5 room_ 1
and batii; rent $17 30.
ELGIN Park. 73 — Flat: 2 large sunny rooms; '
aepar-te entrance: $10.
ELIZABETH. 708 — Elegant new fiat: 7 rooms. -
bath, and attic r
FOUR sunny rooms and bath for family of
adults. SCO Ha;- pa hire at., enraer Twentleta. j ]
FRANKLIN. 2330. bet. Bread-way aad Valleio —
Upper flat; marine view; rent moderate.
FREDERICK. 280 — Exceptionally light upper (
or lower flat: ii-7 rooms: rent greatly reduced.
GROVE. TOO— Modern middle flat; fl rooms; j
b_ih; storeroum; adults. <
H-VaKIET. 270"-i. afl* Sixth, near Eryant — ! '
eunny flat of 3 rooms, $__ 50. ;
HARRISOV. {__ — Fine modem new fiat of 8 ¦ '
noms: reasonabls to responsible party.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. Call ¦
on LYON t HOAG. U« Mant-umery st.
MASONIC ave.. 1387 — New^ flat; « raoms; bata;
room in basement.
NaTOMA. 714 — Flat: 4 sunny rooms; large
yard; 514.
N1TWLT furnish e»l Sat: used flv« nien__s. Tel
Fell 1237; no agents. j "
NICE flat of 9 rooms: bata; r-nt $18, water .
included. Apply 1311 Geary st,
N0E, 131—3 r-oms. low—- flat; kitchen and '
bath; rent $13: furniture for eala cheao.
PIEItCE. 2DCC— 'Elegant 3-room lower 'fiat.
SAN JOSE ave.. 225 — New flats; « roorua; bath;
aweiiest location: MIsBion warm belt.
WESTERN Addition— If e— 3 rooms: sunny up- '
per flat; -fas; water free; $12. 1313.4. Filbert.
$22 30 — ¦ ROOM3 and bath. 137 Julian ave., \
off Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$27 r,n — SUNNT bay-window flat. Z r. and t_; ',
1708 Waahington. Umbaen Co.. 20 Montgmry.
ITVAT3 TO _ ST — PXT__ri3___I3.
HAIGHT, 1238. Buena Vista, cor. CeaoraX -t%. - '
— -Uegaatiy faralsbad flats; also anfuraislMtt:
house haa all conveniences aad Is attuatnt la
•eiert ceisixbarhocit.
A XICELT furnished comer flat of 5 roams for •
rale <:hra_. Box 2733. CaU office.
320 EXTZAEETH St.: nice furnished flat af 4
rocn:_; nlasa; r".iscna_ln.
EDDT. E21 — B_K_aent flat; 4 rooms; large
yard; $22 30. .
PTNE, 13S3 — Nicely faralnbed. sunny. 8-room
flat; piano: reasonable; 6 months to 1 year. '
jraATS goa 5— __ — rp_ jri3H_n.
FOR sale — A furnished S-room modern flat on t
corrrer: furniture nearly ne-r. Box 1361,
Call office.
JTOR sale — Nicely furnished 3-roonx flat; ail
sunny rooms: call between 1 and 6 p. __;
no dealers. 538 Fourth st. * i
FOR aale^ — Fumltuxe of 4 rooms. ci_ Steven- ' -
son st.
COM? LET ELT furnished flat. 3 rooms far !
aale; good nelg_borhood. Box 2213, Cail.
WELL furni_he«l flat. 9 rocms. for sale, S3U0. i
Aii-ress box -252, Call office.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale; rest of. Sat '
121 ZO: a sa&s. 3_ Portaia st. L
H_:--P VTAimZD — _.A__S — Ccafci-iTiad. ¦
• . OPEM TO-DAT iStTNDAYJ. \
S to 12 a. m.
A— MTEJL1T & RSADT. 834-JC6 Clay st
-' Phone Main 5*43.
Leading- Emuiuyment anil Labor Agents.
¦ W* •¦n-ak tne Gecnun, French. Italian, '
Scandinavian. Greei. St-slsh. Si_vuni__t _;id '.
Danisrfi ian_"_ag_».
Hits; AV. Gava • 1304 We Hon# to '
W.UC0 Jfcn Work. Increase Gt),oW.
f H«t haa arrived. Xow at our aifioe.
Kesr»?sentativ2 of the ITnitad States Govern- i
meut >v.jr-; b.i~z Jone dose to Wad_-
, worth, in State of Sevada. -
4 Free fare tu one. to all. to you. See buafl.
Cost onlr #1 office ft—. cee bos«.
Mucliers. S73. S-^e boss.
i -Teamsters, *73. £«e — ess.
Lciitr^ra 375. See bess.
. I DrUJers. S3U. See bc*».
Coucieta tnixsn. <7i Se?» bess.
Caii early, s**? repi^senta.tlve at our office: '
tirst-ciasii : :ji.it and- accamn— _la _ .ana ; steady
iob; i-rowda daily _tiiEs — are you? t,
BIG G«X)D MTNES.
+ furnace men. ?4«) ami found.
FIrenien. guid and ccpner mine. $25 found. ;
CARPENTERS.
12 car-en t?rs, t<Jc far*. X3 day.
I u canjenter-. city jobs. $-'5 to 54 daw-.
3 caroenters anil «tair-builders, $4 day.
BCTCHKRS.
Taung man, drive butcher waacn. 10c fare, i
Butcher, all-arcunu man. Alameda County. ;
Butcher, tend market, drive wagon and :
slaughter.
- ELACKSMITKS. .
• IZ blicJismiths. different J«b» IT: ta $4 da^. ;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitar. siine. soHtheact $;;•> and faund.
12 cooks, illffer-nt places, *:ai. $30. $tia.
H waiters. $30 to 54"> and found.
4 waiter boys. $_.'. $20 and 'ound.
12 dishwasher-. *«*. $7, S3 weei.
Laundryman. Im-titution. $40.
4 aorters: 2 bsllbw-s.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC
Ga.ns- edc»rm_n. bcas here, $73.
Cement fiaishpr. country.
Heatl donkeyman, wrxjtls. fare $2. $83 found. ¦
Man. char-re v'neyxr plant, $20 week.
Head lineman, woala. $73 found.
Shingle Ininter. oountrj-. S3S and found.
2 men, make sash weights, city lcb.
<" iron niolders.
.". wheelwrights. <-arriage works. •
Grader, lumber company, north. $WJ.
Tail edgerman, far* $3, $2 25 day.
Spaoitender. lumber co., south. $30 found. *
12 coopers, siaclc work. i«_?ady. 10c barrel.
2 lumber _ratiers. bra>» here. $90.
Lumber grader, boss here. $:l day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company. $73.
.'I men, make atavng and split staves, red- I
tvaoii, boss here. $30 found: 2 screw turners; )
2 carriage aettsr-; honk tender.
Gang charrinal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— 3TABLE3.
12 milker-. $no, SZZ. $40 and found.
; 12 farmers, $.10 and found.
l~ choremen. boy^. SHO to $13 found.
12 stablemen. $30 round. $T0. $"TS.
4 S^rmers and wirrw. $lfl. $30. S6t) firund.
I MtTRRAY A READT. •CI4-SJ0 Clay st
PLANERMAN, ran ripsaw, $2 to $3 day.
Man to head up pir*k> barrels, 32 day.
LOOK.
Amalgamator, gold <iuart2 mine. $3O.
2 concentrators. snUl nuarts mine, $73.
Second cook, hotel. 30c tare, $20 aad found. I
MCRRAT & RSADT. 634 and 638 CUy st.
33 M__V
As laborers, no experience needed, for an j
exceptionally good banking syndicate, $ff? 30 ;
p»r njonth.
MTTPR.VT A READT. «34 and 838 Clay st.
I BOT: »rranda aad of3ce for us.
MXTRR.VT & READT. 634 aad 338 Clay at.
j A— TO LCS ANGELES. $4 80.
By Santa Fa R. R.. 9 p. m. daily.
133 teamsters. $«0.
The land of sunahine. fruit aad fiawers.
Highlands Rediaaua. Rivsrslils. I
Pum.;na, center of orange and lemon irraves. f
MURRAT <_ RSADT, «34 and «3tt Clay st.
; !
! A — BAKER. Santa Cruz County. $14 week fd. !
Walter, East and fare paid. $8 73 week fu.
j 155 — 'oedchoppers.
1J3 Ciemaicer ».
LCOB_
L<^-errrian far a dredger. $70 and £__&__
Tinsmith. 9-hour Job. $:'. 50 day.
' Brtcii burner, bc»s here, $73.
LOOK.
Single-entry bock_?«p«- and storeteeper. j
mine, boss her-, call early, $82 BO.
j Faur-harse teamster, city dray. $23 found. ',
T<!amater, snake legs. ISO to $t)0 found.
Milker- and chceaernaJter. Reno-. Nev.. $33 :
found.
Hostler, city stable. $60.
Bench hand, planing mill. $3 30 day.
Driver, city, li^ht d*liv»ry wagon. iZ &*j.
2 clumb«r3. fre« fare. $4 day.
LOOK.
Chef, cook, mine. $t!5 found.
Baker's helper, city Job. $10 week and fi 1
Cook. milk. 3 mea cook far Oregon, $33 fd. j
Butcher, country shop, fare $1 30, $35 fd.
Night sorter, wholesale hcuse, $40.
! MURRAY Jt READT, tB4-<£a day st.
: WASTED — Aa ex3«»rienced real estate wllci-
k :cr, must be- well posted as to vaiuas; to> '
the riicht man good terms as to salary and .
commission will s be made. Box 275O, CaU.
! WANTED — Assistant draashtsman for coun- j
try Job. Arrply stating salary aad expert- 1
ence, EN/GLNEER. Pacific Portland Cement !
Co., Cement. Cai.
! POSITIONS open aU parts of the country; ;
1 write aad w» will advise ho-r to secure one :
t and wnd list free. Natian-1 Registration i
; Co.. Tjieiio. Ohio.
] WANTED to Ieara Jewelry trade, boy about i
1j; wages while learning. Apply at ihop. 3 '
Hardie place. W. K. VAXDEH3LICH CO. |
WANTED — Hastier- to tack signs, dlstributs :
clrcui_rs. samples, etc. ; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Advertising Bureau, Chicago.
SALESMAN familiar with retaif^grrieery or :
crockery bo-inesa; give references, experience:
and wages expected. Eox 2339, Call office.
! WANTED — Men anil women to Ieara. the bar- j
ber trade; 3 weeks' new method. Ha_5rht*3 !
branch No. I. 647 Commercial at.
TOCNG man of good habits to do office work; '
$SW per month; must have small capital. '
Call 1013 Market st,. room 4.
WANTED — Toung maa who Is an experienced ¦
bundle- wrapper. Apply between 3 and U _ '
m., at HALE EROS."
WANTED — A gentleman to teach «rlt_XQetis !
•¦vB.ninirs to boy of 13. Address bcx 274L '
Call office. !
WANTED — Silk and dreaa good salesman. !
Apply between '} and 11 a. m. at fta i .^ ,
BROS.'
I WANTED — Experiraced domestio saiesman. I
Apply between 9 aad 11 a. m. at H-VLE I
! BROS.'
i WANTED — Salesman for tailoring' store. An- '
; ply S2 Third st., Monday.
WAN I'SCt^iiiderly man to help la cigar stare; I
references required. 232 Sixth, st. city.
ELEVATOR boy for electric elevator. Apply >
VOGUE FUR CO.. 217 Grant ave.
1 — — — ;
: BOT 13 years, "earn trade, wages, cail 10 a m '¦¦
; Sunday. CAL. WATCH CASE, 22Q Sutter at. !
' EXPERIENCED operators on laiiies" cloaks ;
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON 3c CO. 32 First. [
DRUG clerk wanted; salary, $20 a week; state 1
recommendations. Box 27C3, Cail. :
I 3XESS__VGER bov for nffice; about 14. Xst\j \
j room 4. 32s) California st.
WANTEH3 — Errand boys anrl wrappers.
; Grwnbenr .t Gr-enberg. 31-37 Grant ave.
\ MARRIEO man for vineyard and prunes; wife ¦
. does not work. Eox 2740. Call office.
j WANTED — Boy tar carpenter shop* filj Flna j
i street.
j MANTEL foliitnsr-twd for sale foak>: first-class
order; not used long. Bcx 3237. office.
MAN" take charts outside business^ pays good i
wages. Cail to-day. 111.1 Market, roam _.
BOT wanted In tailor stcre; with, refarence.
• HWl Stockton st.
j W.V-NTED — CoUector far x furnitur-- Install-
ment bouse; state wages # and experience ;
must know tile city. Answer Collector, box
2721, Call office.
1 EOT about 14. years old ta wortt la paint shop.
, Address box 2308. CaU office.
I EXPERIENCED soda-Tater dispenser. 372
Geary st.
1 _____————————————-——————-_———_________________
' A TOTTTTG- man wantmt tn Ieam the barber
trade and be Independent. Box 24U2. CalL
A YOUNG man for soda fountain: cail from }
0 to 12. BLtTM'S, Pone and Sutter sts.
WANTED — Boy to learn carriage and black- !
smitnlns-. S2S Harrison, st. !
WANTED — Laborers anil mechanics ta know i
that Ed Rolkin, Reao House pronrietnr. ___ |
added 100 new r>»ni» to the Denver House, j
217 Third St. : 250 roams; 25e to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and bays tn learn plumbing
trade: Ccyne Uros Co. School of Practical
Pluaibina;; send for catalogue. Address 4U73-3
JCaston ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
I ERRAND boy wanted; must have references;
steady oosition and advancement fear nsat I
boy. KIRiC GEART A CO.. U2 Geary st. 1
• TB.T our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and '
$1 30 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 30-. wa pay j
: express cr mall chargea. 11 3d at.. Exam, bid. \
t GOVERXM-EST positions— Call st 023 GoWn j
• Cats a»«.. room 7. tor free lnformatioa as -
to prjFiticn-. salaries. as« Umita. etc; day
or •v«n!n_»
A 11AN of lndnmitabla ensrsy aad nush. a
gacri talker, eager to make money. F_ PEJE-
SOJf. *77 and 473. Parmtt bulldlnc
WtNCSESTSCBL HoteL 4± Third st.. near. Mar-
ket — 7Q0 rooms; 35c night: readlng-raoins;
• fres 'sua and bassazs to -nd tram ferry. 1
i inagpzoT3£E2rr •wAjrnsa — ataia — cca.
j YOITN13 man wants work oC any kii:d a £<rw*
hi.-urs every n:t-raiae beicre 10 a. m. F. J-
C 1343 Miaaa.
TF ANTED — Ev <»ners»tic ycung man; 19 years ;
piacs m candy :*rzvry .. .- .ucr-. to !esm
btisincaa. 4tS Devlcadero sU
i CCMPr.l'LiyT TTperienc^l lumberman wants
p--tM-n : w -hri«ai^ or retail: d_*ins peracr_I
UxUuu_i~k XUjx 2774. C-iL
i ZOCT3C6 n_ia wanta position aa fireman aroiind
in_Ut_tion ; city cr country; steady and
ha_«iy Bcx 2373, Call olfice.
i WANTED Position, city salesman, to call on
retail grocers: :.ong experience: best refer-
ences. Box 2372, Cail office.
' A POSITION aa n-irchman by special officer
frran 1 a. m. on; oest of references. Box
T--IK Call off.ee.
i iiTDCLE- A'xED man 'vant- pcaition as bonk-
k«^p*r: Z_sti»m a_ii for»lga exjerience. A>1-
dre-- box 23S3. CaU c_lce.
: A FIRST- <n^V5S machinist and diemalier
"rants psat-baa* »?xt"t^ on tools; references
«;:-en. Ccx 23S0. CaU office.
CPHOL.-'TTRSa. German speaks little Eng-
lish Badgrstaans the whole Siniinrs bu-1-
ness. SCLTillTT. Id Moss st.
' AX old Csrman carpenter wants h«nise re pair-
.ng by day for small wages. Addrssa C.
HA-NiZN, 701 it:=sicn st.
A GCCD carp<rt layer would like a pcsitlcn: a
Smt-^iass fitter and «juicic worker; 3 years'
experi'-nce. Ajldress W. S. L.. 'J27 EJdy at
WANTED — By steady. Industrious young man.
pcsitlcn as shipping clerk; experiencea: best
city references. A— Idresa box 239*2, Cail.
POSITION as fiocrwaikar; thorc lughiy axperi-
eaced: beat refereaces; racd systematic
manager r will leave city. Box 2758. CaU.
MIDDLE aired, active maa wants position aa
watfhman or Janitor; strictly T^mcerare;
bond If required; r-fer-nces. Box 27SO, CaU.
A MACHINIST. 13 yesrs" experience: Socr and
vi_e work Er»f »-rr»Ki ; reliable. Eox Vl'Si.
Cail office. Oakland.
PCSITICN waat~i by furniture man: handy
wiCi tools; wcri of any kind. Box 1271.
Cail office. Oakland.
! HAR3I~R wants scaitlon In dty or country.
Address bnx 2171. Cail office.
. WANTED — A position as bartender. S.
WOLF. 28 Vtar-b st.
POETEH waata *ob. 213 Stevenson st,
PZ—ATEX p~«— M3 ~r»nts p<jsitiun. Address
A. B. C. 1323 O'Farreil st.
SXTTTATICN in dry gtseds hcuse. Box 2717.
Call office.
1 V-L-RXS — Posit:cn aa saiMnzaa. Apply F.
VKZJBCqg, 714 Suea at.
: srTVATICX wanted by Uve m_a. 3fcx 2370.
C-IX office.
PORTER wants situation: city or country.
3cx 2444. QO office.
WANTED — Situation in bat-haus*. T. H.
BLACK. 38 Faurta st.
WA-NTKD — BT flrst-ciaas bookkeeper, set of
bocks to keep evening-, Bcx 2733. Cail.
WANTED — A position aa cieri. Ecx 2721. Cail
c£2ce.
WANT a pcscition. as i»ar_e«per. Bcx 2723,
Cail office.
WANT a pcaltion as barkeeper. Bcx 272D.
Call office.
T.0CXG man would like position as collector
ia insurance office. Box 2770, CaU.
GOOD ail-rcusd ~aa wants pesttion in wbcie-
sa.« housp; references. Box 24tt2, CaU.
' BARBS3 wants a Job. 213 Stev-sstra st.
A CASH bey wishes a aituaiicn. CaU 22 1
Sartiett St.
WANTED — Position as bcokite-per. Bcx 217a,
CaU otfice.
H3TAI> waiter wants p«6iru:n; country. Bcx ¦
27»irt. Call affics.
CIGAR traveler wants terrltsry- Box 2707,
Cail office.
FIF.ST-i^_ASS porter wishes pcsif.on. Bcx
JT".". Cail office.
¦ AN experienced city salesman w.shea grocery
•pe-'iaity rrn eommiwsian. Bax 2174. CaiL
CARPENTER wants work: r^ugh or finish- !
tear; city ar country. Box 271tJ, Cail.
' !
EXPERIENCED coll-etcr desires poaition; la- j
staUment hcuae preferr«-d. Box 2737, Cail.
POSITION wanted aa Janitor nr saloon, porter; I
iiest city r»r-r«nces. Box 1523. 1008 Market. ]
wanted — a^ sack dr.v-r. &!x i3«», iocs'
Market st- j
EOT wisftes pcsltion ia grocery. Bcx 2734, '
Cail cffice.
EOT "ranui oosit-'on In whnlesaie house. Ad- \
dr-sa. S. H.. 106 Eleventa «.. upatairsu
FIREM.VN wishes pnaiticn In hotei ar factory; '
city i3T country. Ecx 2739. CaU office.
A TOCNG dentist ¦iesir»?3 j. situaiicn at den- ¦
ti5-_r- Address bcx 2732. CaU office.
TOtTNG man to do sew.nir. 2332 Sixteenth at. ,
CAP.PENTSH desires io rn-in» engagement.
2027 Taller «t.
FORTER or man about place, by a middle
aged man of good reputation; single. Apply !
box 27SJ». CaU office.
TV.^TS" — .-rimaticn by a young maa IS years.
?J33 Vallejo «t_
1UC3IU man want- work 3 hours * day or ¦
4 days a week. Ecx 2JOO. CaU office.
W l_T____ — Situation as stenographer. Addr-a* '
h. x A. 3T0 Hay»s st. Cail branch.
TOCNG man. weU educated. accurate aad !
strictly reliable, w-.ta knowledge of book- !
keeping and buMne-a exuerienc-. wants po- j
«1tli-g: reference-. Box 2.T37. Call office.
SOBER man wants place do chores; under- !
stands horses: can milk; aisa house-work: j
moderate wagra: gcod _cme preferred. Bcx j
271*. >~»;i office.
PAINTER, paaer-hanger and Gnter: first ciass; j
haa ail tooia; will wijrk r^aaonable. Ad- !
<li-~a 523 Geary st. ; ghne Larkin i-OS.
A TCTTXG married man wants position in a ;
retail grocery store; 13 years' experience, j
Box 2712. CaU office.
MA 5 wants wnrlt as laarr-r. Cail at 1S32 <
Pow«ll sr., city.
W.vNTED— Carpenter work oy two piain -ar- i
penters: couatry pref(«rr»d. Box 2713. CalL i
V UAST -CLASS farnirar" finisher wants work;
city or country. 3ZZ Fifth »t.
WANTED — Any good steady caorework cr j
caretaker, suburbs or sniaU cexmtry town, j
help around oiace cf trust, either aged in- i
vaild or kind peoole only, by young, cam- !
petest, rel__iji» N«w Trrrk State. American. !
w^llllng man. 34; best ha hits: r-ferenc»r»- no ;
taa-ister; can milk: reasonable wajtw. Ad-
dresa P. J. F.. box 24BS. Call office.
PRESENT emptrryers want position as book- j
_:*per or cashier far a tried, trusty, capable !
and thcr-ju«_iy honest man; con«3ii<!ation of ;
two firms neceseitates his resignation, which '¦¦
pr«--ct empicyers accept cawlUingiy and re- i
fretfully. Box 2813. Call office.
3T a 3n«-claj-i caroenter. one w_o haa bad ',
ciariB af work: a thorough mechanic; city j
cr country. H. N. BERXHABT, general da- j
Uvery. 3acram«nto, Cai. j
A GERMAN, mlddle-agrd and atag*e. wishes a !
situation aa elerk In grocery store and bar- !
room: first-class references. W. BCKLUfG. j
417 Keamy at.
W__STK:j— Poaltitm aa blacksmita or repair !
woodwork in xuiri and handy maa en
raach; no shoeing-; ccuatry preferred. J. W..
131 Taylcr st.
FT3ST-TLA5S carter wants *hert hour job tn j
first-class ahep, or Saturdays aad Sundays. :
Box 2373. Call offica. |
ELEVATOR operator wants place. G. FARGO j
347 Kf^ray at.
A PCLTTE Japanese, who eaa »io plain cock-
irg. washes situation as schoolboy: speaks
Eas:'.sh: refer-nc-s. S. B_, 1323 Pine at.;
tel. Lark_3 2S11
JAPA-TESE y-mng aad g-ntle boy wants peal- j
tion aa iwaool boy in small family. J. S.,
1223 D«vi__dero «.. TaL Scott 34S-
JAP.OTESr:; flrst-ciass cc-jk; wishes pnsltinn
In family; city cr country; srood r'-for^-nces •
$S xveek ua. C. N.. rsora 10 413A Pest *tl J
A JAPANESE boy wishes P iac= as schoolboy
wttacut room; plain cook and waiter '
TAMADA. EEC Stockton -Jt. i
3TXCE Japane-e boy wants position as schoolboy
cr hougewcrs; spealta weil. _I. B_. 1431 Bush. ]
JAPANESE henest boy w_nt_ situation, kitchen
work. Cill SBl^s Clay st., Oa_laad. ¦ j
JAPANESE sjood coott wants a position. HEN- i
RT. 9ol Sacramento St.*
CHINESE, first -clu_» ccak. waats place. 744 '
Ti'aahlastoa at_
CHIN~SE, first-ciass cack. wants place In pri- '
rate family. W. F00, 1UU0 Staciton it. ¦
LCST— AF.ureka Con.. — fW Syndicate .... — f5
Exchequer . .» .tS Hn|T* n ?on Con ... 2S 2rt
r.ould & Cur. 1-. 14 Utah 10 13
K»le & Noro. «R 72 1 Yellow Jacket. 13 21
Julia nr» 07!
TON'OPAH MINES.
Bid. As*. | BM.As*.
Col-ban _. c.-.'Red Top 14 IS
Columbia — 2Si Rescue 0!) lo
Ksoeranza ... n? 07! Ton * Cal 1.1 —
OoM Anchor. 2T{ 271 Ton C»«h Boy. 12
OoW.M PftB It ir.lTon Kxten I . — 1 03
OnMneM M.. SO — 'Tnn Fraotlon.. -X --
OoMfij'.l Ton. li> _ :t.vi & ot W. fiS —
noirt Mt Con. 01 *">'Ton r.o!.i Mt. lrt —
TJttle Ton .. — 63! Ton MMway.. 4-> 60
T,uckv Tom.. Ki (Ton of N>v 9 0O _.
MacNanmra . 4 « 47! Ton V Star.'.'. SO 3.1
J! 0 **./ 01 * ---.?40 — Ton Sn^rior. — 06
N Y Ton aT _ Ton TTn<on . . 10 —
Paymaster .. m —imitM Ton —. nn
Vine Grove.. 50 -Irtooto W ~
Ray Kxten .. — OsfTVest End — «
Ray & O'Brien CO KM * •--". **
Kern Oil (new) 30 ....
McKittrick 12 20
! Miscellaneous*—
I California Jockey Club 123 CO
Chutes Company 7 25
Fischer's Theater 66 70
, Northern Cal Power 10 00
Sanitary Reduction 'Works.. 1 00 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street—
250 Occidental (S 5) 07
Board—
2£54 Associated 20
. Unlisted Securities.
_____
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. — 9» |SF & XP So. — lCO-^i
B L Wat 6s. — 117- S P C R 4s. — 100
, Cal NW 5a.. — 113%|S P Co 4'is.lOO —
M C Wat 5s.lOO — I Sun Tel 5s... — 10*
Rls I WksSs. — 105 (Sutter-st R53.105 11.1
i SF Drdk 5s — 113V.|UR of SF 4s. S2»s 83
; MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25*i — I Hat Nav Co. 00 —
Amer Bis Co — 80 |Nev Nat r>k.20O —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — |N S R R Co. 9^ —
Cal O&ECor. 47# 50 |N Cal P Co. — 10%
i C Jockey Cl. — 125 |Oak Bk Sav.120 —
I Cal Powder. — 145 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF Hall A 8 —
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — 16
1 Cen Bk Oak — C5 PacC Cas Co. 130 —
Chutes Co.. 6% 7 trao S Tel... 101 1C3
. City & C Bk — 120 |Pac Sur Co.105 —
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — Paraf Paint.. 38 —
East Dynm.. — 270 |S K Drydock 60 —
I DpntPwd ptd — 00 ISF&SJ Coal. — 25
! Do com .. — 60 |S J Wat Co. — ltHS
i FN Bk, Oak.120 — ISO & MTifbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 55c — Swiss-A Bk..ll3 —
Frnch-A Bk. — 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
. Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 48% —
Hono P Co.. 10 14 Do com ... 01* —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
Morning: Session.
Board — "
100 United Ry Inv Co pfd 48 75
$5, CCO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 32 75
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
"00 Caledonia 521 1C0 Gould & Cur. 14
100 Caledonia .... 61 100 Silver Hill ... 02
300 Chollar 1S|_1OO Union Con ... 29
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. '
Following were the sales on the Padflo
Stock Exchange yesterday: :
Mornlns Session. ' ;
100 Alpha 00| Co Ophlr 2 57»i '
4C0 Con Cal &. V.I 15! 3C0 Ophlr 2 55
•J00 Julia 06, 3iX» Potpsl is
20O Mexican SSI 300 Union Con ... 28
50 Opnir ..'. ....2 CO! 100 Union Con ... 20
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- !
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: I
Morning Session.
CCOO Esperanza ... 031 700 MacNamara .. 45
2000 Goldneld B&B 00| t'OO Mont Ton 2 40
SCO Go'.dneld Ton. lOf W0 Ray & O'Brien lo
2000 Goldneld Ton. 12!ld0<> Red Top U
100 Goldneld M... O^J'500 Rescue l^»
300 MacNamara . 50; ir.JV) Rescue 10
10O MacNamara . 4U| lOoO Ton Gold Mt. 17
200 MacNamara . 4S| 400 Ton Midway. . 4:»
1S00 MacNamara . 47j 200 Ton Midway. . 00
1325 MacNamara . 481
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 23—12 m.
Bid. Ask. | ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 09; Justice i:: II
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 2<> 22i K. Graessler.. — 1 2ft
Belcher ..... 17 2*>|I^ady Wash .. — (W
Be^t & Belch. 71 IBiMex'.can M J-'J
Bullion 10 IS! Occidental .... 82 S«
Caledonia.... &0 51|Ophir 2 332 CO
Challenge ... 18 Overman 13 14
ChoMar 17 18!Potos» IS 10
Confidence ... 70 75 Scorpion 10 11
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20! Savage 2S 20
Con .Imperial. — 01 1 Sec Belcher.. 0<! OS
Con NY .... 0.1 05! Sierra Nev ... 25 27
Crown Point.. 13 14! Silver Hill ... 51 53
S Sierra N.. 03 06; St. Louis OS — !
There will be grocers at this con
vention from all parts of California,
since the grocers now have associa
tions in all of the larger cities of tha
State. They will decide upon tha
laws that the merchants will units
in asking of the Legislature, which
convenes in January. They will also
perfect their plans for the co-opera
tion of the collection bureaus of the
different associations, so that dead
beats moving from one city to another
will find that their fame has followed
them very closely.
A beautiful diamond locket was
presented to the retiring president.
Thomas H. Corcoran, by the members
of the board of directors, over whom
he had presided during the past year.
President J. Salomon appointed a
committee, consisting of Vice Presi
dent Frank B. Connolly, Director E.
A. Lackmann and State President Jo
seph A. Stultz. to wait upon the Bul
letin and protest against the action of
that paper in exploiting trading
stamps. The San Francisco grocers
are working hard on their celebration
•>f "grocers' day," which is to be held
this year at Schuetzen Park on "Wed
nesday, August 10. Committees re
ported progress in the work of their
preparations, and all the details are
well in hand. Already agreements
have been circulated among the retail
qrocers. nnd It Is expected that even
the few dealers who are not members
of the organization will close their
stores to help make the celebration
general. v'- ¦ '
San Francisco retail grocer* will ba
very strongly represented at tha fifth
annual convention of the California
State Grocers' Association, which
meets at San Jose on Monday and
Tuesday, August 22 and 23.
The following retail merchants hav«
been chosen to serve as delegates:
George B. Doyle. J. R. Van Arns-t
dale, J. T. Hurley. J. J. Cusack,
Thomas H. Corcoran. F. B. Connolly
William King, J. M. Sullivan. J. S. El
liott, J. C" Owens, E. Lackmann J
Salomon, J. J. Hayes, Claus Wreden.
H. G. Lackmann and H. Rawe. Jos.
A. Stulz. who is president of the Stata
association, will, ex-offlcio, be a dele
gate al3o.
3Iany Subjects of Interest to Bo Dls*
cussed at the Coming San Joso
31eetlng.
GROCERS' CONVENTION "WILL
BE VERY LlSJIGELY ATTENDED
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pase 41.
You must Imagine 50.000 UttI* boys
and girls, with wonderful brown eyes,
fiat little noses and black hair, packing
their books and slates to school each
morning under the blue skies and
tropic sun of Fillplnla. And even In
the Islands where the towns are very
far apart the smallest vlllaga would
be very much ashamed If It did not
have some kind of a school for nines.
It Is very quiet In these Islands and
the days seem to pass by Ilka dreams.
Only the distant clans of convent bells.
the liquid bird notes or the sleepy
challenge of a cock disturbs the peace
ful silence of the southern Isles.
The little villages are all alike— A bis
cathedral and a rambling convent look-
Ing out upon the sparkling sea, tha
carabaos and ponies grazing on tho
plaza and a few pigs running wild
among the bamboo houses under the
banana trees. In some such town, 10,
000 miles away from everybody, yoa
¦would be surprised some morning If
you were to hear the small, clear voices
of the children singing one of your own
songs: "My Country, 'TIs of Thee.**
or "The Star- Spangled Banner."
Maybe you would liks to know first
something about the Spanish schools
established by the friars, which tha
little people of the Philippines attended
In the days before tho battle of Manila
Bay. In many places Spanish schools
are still kept up. It is a common sight
to see along the narrow stone streets of
Manila a procession of small Filipino
boys in blue suits, baggy trousers and
black derby hats, taking their dally
walk, conducted by the padres In whlta
robes. In these colejlos the little fel
lows study Spanish grammar, elemen
tary arithmetic, geometry, astronomy
and the religion of the Catholic faith.
The college graduate smokes cigar
ettes and dresses very daintily. He la
effusively polite, and has a fine con
tempt for anything like work. He la
about original enough to bo a good
clerk or escribierte in a country whera
unnecessary hurry never spoils tho la
bored neatness of his work.
Some of my friends would nav» a
rather bad opinion of the small boys
of Manila if they were to sea th« llttla
rascals of the Calle Real or tha Es
colta struggling with cigars almost aa
big as a banana or engaged In pitching
pennies Sunday morning In the street.
The public schools, ho-wever. keep the
small boy out of mischief for a good
part of the day. The city schools are
a great credit to America, Tha build
ings, which were used In Spanish times,
are large and cool. Built in the ahapo
of hollow squares, the tnsida windows
look out on the shady courtyard, whera
the pupils play at recess under tha
green palms.
"When school Is over small Invest
ments of centavos and pesetas may ba
made in mangoes or bananas, sugared
biscuits, or a stick of boiled rice in a
palm-leaf coil at ona of tha small
Chino shops on the real. Making: a fair
division of the sweets, young Filipino)
walks home affectionately hand la
hand. — Leslie's "Weekly.
College Students Are Very
Polite and Dress Well,
but They Despise Work
APE GROWS MEN'S WAYS
Children Who Spend Their
Time on Sundays at Pitch
Penny and Smoking Cigars
SCHOOL DAYS
OF FILIPINOS
THE SAN FRANCISCO tCALL. SUNDAY, JULY 24, 190£
46
FEKSOgASS — Oontlnnefi.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also :
chenille-wove ruga, silk portieres; dealer In I
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth at. Oakland.
HOUSE painting that will stand; phone Fell
4174 • CLARK Decorating Co., practical
painters, Unters and paper-hangers; fine
work a specialty; references If you want 'em.
I WILL send free book telling how to make $1
earn $10; larger amounts In proportion; send
no money. J. LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan
st. Chicago.
AA — OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new; knives, forks and spoons don* very
reasonable. 912 Howard st
PROF. d« LOUTSKY, dermatologist— Modern
face treatments; superfluous hair removed.
327 Geary st. opp. St. Francis; open Sunday.
ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice St. John. Hair Spec.. 426 Sutter st"
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 80
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
STENZIE — Sur* death to ha-ir without Injury
tc skin. Ask Dunlap Instl.,50 Geary, about it.
ALL superfluous hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Caldwell Benninger. 231 Post st, room 1.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly t carats,
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special to
_palr.ters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
• trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 DO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cares deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter, r. 809. Mies Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray,
. hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
PAT.TtTTSTKT.
A LOST child recovered through th* advlca of
ISMAR, the gypsy. See page 48.
A— MME. LYMAN. sclentlflo palmist recently
from East. S10 Eddy st; phona Polk 4611.
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and astrologer.
Llebes bide. 139 Post st: hours, 10 to S.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to S dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
Mrs.C.V.Whitney.palmlst; hours 10 to 12, 2 to
5; parties.entertalnments a speclalty.711 Folk.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER — Detective and collection business
(established); small capital. Room 25, 1014
Broadway. Oakland. •
PHOTOGRAPHY TAUQST.
I CAN Instruct a few more amateurs and be-
glnnere in photography. Box 2773. Call.
PHYSICIANS AUD STTSQEOITS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021>4 Market st.. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skia and rectal diseases a specialty.
_ DR. BALL. 1073H Market st
REMOVEdIdR.~TVOXG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all disease of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo. j
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth. ;
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po '
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human '
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dls^
eaces cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
zovsuKEErmQj^^
BRYANT, 768 — Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
CRAGBURN (The), 1007 Larkin. cor. Post—
Rooms, single, en suite, housekeeping.
ELLIS. eS5— Well furnished suite of 2 rooms
and cicely fitted for 2 people; sun all day;
all conveniences.
ELLIS. 117S — Nice sunny suit* for housekeep-
ing; bath; phone; etc; rent $18; no children.
ELLIS. 1478 — 3 fumiihed rooms for house-
keeping; eun all day.
ENCINAL ave., 2202H. Alameda— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; $12.
FIFTH st, 353—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, $12 60; no children; single $5.
FIRST St., 223. nr. Howard — 5 sunny house,
keeping rooms; business center; rent moderate
FOURTH, 225 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single rooms.
FURNISHED mmny suites; all complete for
housekeeping; gas. bath, phone; a quiet and
ploass^t home; near park and City Hail; $15 j
up. St. James, McAllister and Laguna sts. :
GEARY. 1042 — 2 or 3 newly furnished sunny
front rooms, housekeeping, complete; very
reasonable; private.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 311 — Sunny furnished
room for light housekeeping'; no children;
private family; $10.
HAIGHT. 222—3 nicely furnished housekeeping I
rooms for couple; phone; call 1-4. 7-9 p. m.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms furnished for
housekeeping; large yard; rent $15.
HARRISON. 748— Housekeeping room. $7; gae,
laundry; 2 furnished rooms, $5 and $7.
HARTFORD. 120, bet. 18th and 19th— 3 sepa-
rate connecting furnished housekeeping rooms
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny front room furnished
light housekeeping, for 1 person $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, 3-room suits; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny single back room, $5 per
month.
LARKIN. 819H — Lanre sunny front room;
llshf housekeeping If desired; reasonable. !
LIBRARY bldg. Van Ness and Golden Gate
sves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
McALLISTER. CS3— 2 large unfur. rooms for
hnust-kceiilnir: regular kitchen; call before 4.
MISSION. 913%— Housekeeping suites and sln-
E'2 rooms; eunny.
OAK, 117. 638 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12: gag range, hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— $4 month; bath; sunny and clean.
See Sundays or 0 p. m. week days.
O'FAHP.ELL. 1394-1395— New sunny corner
apartments of 2 or 3 rooms; reduced rates.
PAGE. 228— In a modern flat; newly furnished
parlor suite; bras* bed: everything up-to-
date: use of kitchen, dinlnr-room, bath and !
l<hono; very small family; very reasonable i
to tho right party.
PEARL. 3. corner Market— 2 furnished house-
k^Plng rooms; $11, $13, $14; no children;
phone.
POLK. 612— $14; large back room, small
kitchen; gas stove; bath;call forenoon; phone.
POST. 217. near Grant ave. — Lovely rooms for
light housekeeping; single or en suit*.
SACRAMENTO. 1433—3 nicely f ur.rms. ;front &
back parlors, kitchen; gas stove, bath, phone.
SECOND. 434 — Two nice "large rooniii fur-
nished for housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 191— Bay-window housekeeping
rooms. ¦ ,
SEVENTH. 4S6 — 4 sunny housekeeping rooms.
SIXTEENTH, 3674, nr. Market — Large unfur
rm. ; running water; suitable for housekpng-
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Two or three connect-
ing rooms; running water, gas range* com-
plete. .
SUNNY 6uite of rooms, near panhandle; tree
of kitchen. Box 2732, Call office.
THE Virginia, 1005 Powell st — CompleU for
hskpg.; turn, or unfurn. apartments; bay wln-
dow, marine view, bdtn, range. Phone Red S92
•THE APOLLO,"826 Eddy— 2 A 3 r. suites;
private bath, electric lights; $25 to $40.
THIRD. "314 — 2 rear rooms . complete: porch;
separate entrance; large yard; $2 50 week.
TURK. 1147 — Elegant new unfurnished rooms;
sunny; select location. Apply 10 to 4.
TWELFTH. 232 — 3 connected rooms, complete;
regular kitchen; laundry; sunny; adults; $1S.
VALENCIA. 1103. cor. 22d.— 4 rooms and bath.
VAN NESS ave.; 232— Furnished housekeep-
ing ' 2 and - S room suites ; $10, : $16. $20.
VAN. NESS av*.. 1419— Sunny front suite with
use of bath, phone, etc
KISCELLABrEOtlS — POB SALE.
BOILERS, engines, id-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSli & WOLPUAN, 195-197 Fremont mt.
11. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.
Office ISO li«ale ct.. £an Francisco.
H. S. WHITE, Proprietor.
74 hs Boiler, all complete $350
75 h£> Atla* Automatla Engine 850
IS hp Boiler and 40 hp Engine &50
70 hp Automatic Ball Engine 825
SO hf> Boiler and Engine. Al 400
7r7 Hoisting EngSn* SpO
8 hp Gasoline Engine. Al 200
6x4x6 Worthlxuctcn Pump «<>
2x2x3 Worthlncton Pump *){
4J»x2?ix4 Worthington Pump j>0
Ptlton Water Wheels, from....... 20
4 h» Gaaclln* Engine (new) JJJ
600 Llrht Dynamo (new) •>**
30-Ught WeEtinghouse Dynamo J»>
2% bp Westlnghouee Motor <*»
If you need anything that you are pretty
«ur* w* haven't got Just ask us to put a pric*
on It It's here.
We wlU rent you anything we have got
H. S. WHITE. 130 Beai* Bt
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlt*. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps, :
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
FOR sale — Guaranteed superior grad* of whe«l-
barrows than any on the market; concrete.
mortar, brick etc; manf. by the Mlss'on
Iron Works. 1C0S Mission st. near Twelfth.
WHITE French toy terriers, long silk hair. 3
n:oTHh« old; males $30. fema4.es $20. LIV-
INGSTON, J»30 Golden Gat* ave., corner
Van Ness, suite 23.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
ISO BEALB ST.
W* repair machinery.
We manufacture machinery.
V.'e rent machinery.
We steal machinery (when w* eaa).
We exchange machinery.
We arrraiee machinery.
T<-r. years ago we had nothing; look at u«
to-day (we have lees).
What "Gibson's" name Is to a SHIRT, our
nam* is to machinery. When you buy it at
White's you buy It right
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. unREMEl.'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., rocm 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Princa Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at HCHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale en
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents" full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 B0 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TO motorxnen and gripmen. a heavy Eastern
beaver overcoat cr ulster with hifrh collar
for tale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st
PR.OUTY half press (12xlS) for sale; every bit
as good as new; bargain for cash. Box 247S,
Call office.
P1GECN*S — Hcmers. $6 per dor; runts, $3 pair;
hen t>leeo7i!> $4 5O pair: runt crosses $2 25.
J., Box 2347. Call efflce.
J»UP seal coat at bargain. 40S Stockton et.
room 105, 7:30 to S p. m.
6AFE— Hall's fireproof. 22x24x33 Inches. Ap-
ply No. H SlevenFon st
FOR cash — Tsar.Fit ar.d level, rod, tape, etc.,
cheap. Box 2JSS. Call efflce.
ROCHESTER Ootlcal Camera, new model.
4x5. good condition; $3 50. 112 Bush st.
A LLSWLYN dog for sale cheap; Gladstone
stocl:, 1 year old. Box 27S2 Call.
A HANDSOME coupe Just out of the shop
aft<>r oomrlete overhauling and repainting,
new rubber tires. 1011 Sutter street .
NATIONAL cash register; almost new. Ap-
p'.y 1530 Market street,
FOR «ale — Lumber wagon; chea^ 2813 Mis-
tion street. jf
INVALID'S rubber-tired wheeling chair; cost
$50; for sale cheap. 1423 Polk wu
NEW No. 7 ttove. folding bed and mattress.
ISIS Webster et. Call Monday.
ENGINEER'S transit for sal* cheap. A B*.
C. 411 Market st.
FINE apricht piano for sale cheap. 1303 Fol-
eom st., cor. Ninth.
FOIt z&Ze — Young chickens an3 hens at 909
Treat ave.. near Twenty-eecond st.
ELASTIC gtocklngs. $2. Factory 40 Ellis St.
CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $1 50 pr. ;
ether fancy varieties. C.Wilson.229 Stevenson.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
ilOO. GARIN. 12S Montgomery st
FOR rait — Flm-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O-DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. Cl McAllister st.
CAFES and cath registers rew and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. Io29 Market et
SAFES ar.d desk?; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1S16 Market st.
EDISO.V Phonograph Arency. Peter Bad-
calupl. moved to 7S6 Mission ct.
ROUND cair.pins tents for eale: cheap; som*
new; 16x16. 319 Third et; teL Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and secend-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO. M07 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, majfic lanterns, rale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 Market st "
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
3£ISCi:i.I.AI7EOUB WAJTTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins. d!a-
mon&s. gents' full t'rf-an suits, etc.; send !
TOilal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Etockton st .——4
WANTED — 2 showcases, 2 counters, 12 and 8 |
feet long; state particulars. Box 2772, CalL
BUYRRS for Veil cf I?ls; send one dime.
K00U Concern, tirj Van Ness ave.
MORRIS war.ts 2<l-hand clothing, fancy ladles*
dresses. Tuxedo suits. etc. :postal. 943 Folsora.
HIGHEST pric paid for castoff clothing TeL
Davit R25; C30 Sacramento st.
TILTON w«rts good second-hand clothing snl
theatrical goods. 15* 9th ct. ; teL Jesale 2S51.
DESKS boujrtit, fold and exchanged. T D.
.McCarthy Co.. S72 Mission; phone Bush 467.
PEBSOXA&S.
A— MME. G1LL1NG1IAM. '
! Complexion speeUlist. has opened offices at
131 Powell et.. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
the ».uaj-a::tf-f-5 to remove every wrinkle, i
crowfefeet, baseless ot the eyes, frecklts, j
lost contour, tmalipi >x pitting*, etc.; make- !
ycu a oew face, with genuine baby skin;
all contultatloa free and confidential, either
»>y real! cr peaoa: I wlil take nctlents for
tue nert 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
HEALTH WITHOUT DRUGS— Divine Healing",
Mir.d and Faith Cure.
Our treatment is the only true catholicon. !
healvr.g when every knov.a remedy tailc; the !
poor are treated free; we charge nothing lor
treating the tick: we c1v«- treatment* irt-c or <
charge qi our office. 1221 H&lght st; come and
be healed. •
THE FOUNDATIONS OF LIFE.
An exposition of the nature, origin and des-
tiny cf m«n. Nothing like it has appeared in
print since 'The Vestiges of Creation."
Sent to any address on receipt of price 23c
by J. BALL. 1073 Market st. S. F.
WE secure pensions for soldiers and patents
for Inventors; we also Incorporate comna-
ries; full particulars free. FREER &
EARTLOW. Washington. D. C
II . j
A. SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
tree, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like thitT Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St.. bet 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solelr
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st. 8. F.
THE BUr Hair Remedy restores gray hair lm-
proves if* growth, stop* Calling, cures dandruff
and itching acadp; no stain or stickiness-
cleanses rcalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ae-
cept co substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
MRS."~WHEELOCK removed (La Verite Co7)
to 642 Market st, next building to Palace
Hotel; on na'e .this week: switches, $1;
rream La Verite t kin food, 40c; Rob Roy
lotion. 40c."
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited;, strictly con*
fidentlal. Box 3234. Call offlc*.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure .blood (affecting
ikin. month, bones, etc) speedily cured by .
skilled specialist from Europe, Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured. 1
APABTMENT HOUSES.
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACD7IC AVE. AND BRODERICTC
- 4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished; commands an unsurpassed view .
of the entire city, ocean and bay; your
Inspection solicited; best of references
required.
MRS. N. FOSTER, LESSEE.
1 ALSO FREE and for EXCLUSIVB
use xf th* LESSEES, unique GRILL,
complete in every detail, a charming
place to entertain one's friends. BIL-
LIARD and CARD ROOM adjoining.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; turn, or unfurn. : refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO &ET — Tvrn.ta.& Unfnin^
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST. -V-
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 EUITKS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTK1O
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 50 PER ,
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE j
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason st, bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
I KENILWORTH. «9S Bush st, cor. Powell —
Elegantly furnished apartments; bath, phone;
! finest location in tho city: large rooms, all
j sunny and convenient: reasonable; Foweil-
! street cars pass door. ___
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 00 to $10 week: home open all night.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Furnished rooms, suites
and apartments; sunny corner.
AVERY. 29. off Geary, near Fillmore— Sunny
parlor In new flat $3.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suit*, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 669 — Parlor suite with running water;
rent single If desired. ;
BUSH, S06 — Alcove and single room for gentle- I
men. with good references; private family.
DEVISADERO, 1317 — Nlc* sunny furnished
room.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant single and double rooms;
gents preferred, or light housekeeping^
EDDY. 432— Nice sunny furnished rooms; good
location; modern and reasonable.
ELLIS. 62 — Furnished rooms.
ELLIS, 683 — Well furnlshe* sunny room; suit-
able for 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS, 833 — Furnished room to rent; reasona-
ble.
ELEGANT furnished sunny room: Western
Addition. $6; strictly priv. Box 2723, Call. !
ELLIOTT PARK, 0, nr. Oeary and Steiner— j
Fum-unfurn, 1 or 2 rooms. $6 to $10. 1
FERN ave.. 12S T i — Room to let In private
family for gentleman; breakfast If desired.
FILLMORE, 1021— Nicely furnished sunny
double rooms; rent reasonable.
FOURTH. 477 — Furnished rooms' to let .
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. O. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all conveniences; J11&J12. j
FULTON, 27 — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen.
FULTON. 822— Nicely furnished room.
GEARY. SS2 — Single room— for gentleman; $5
a month.
GDARY, 1418 — Nicely furnished front rooms;
pleasant heme.
GEARY. 03C, near Larkin — Large room, well
furnished, suitable for one gentleman; easy t
walking distance from the business section;
convenient washroom and large clothes closet •
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c \
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk. : readlng-rm. j
HAMPTON place, 18^ — Nic* rooms; reasonable j
rates; very quiet; central.
HARRISON. 24O8V4, bet. 20th and 21st— Sunny
front room, bath and gas; rent $6.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 2&c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. IOCS— Nlc* airy furnished room; j
reasonable. •
HOWARD, 1218 — Large sunny room' for house-
keeping $10; also large bay-window with
kitchen.
HYDE, 853 — 9-room furnished Hat; good loca-
tion; nice home for family; $350.
JESSIE. 863. east U. 8. Mint— Large front
runny room. 2 beds, $S; single $5 month.
KEARNY, 313 — Newly furnished rooms; en
suite or single; $5 up.
LINDEN AVE.. 610— Furnished rooms to let
MARKET. 783%— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 993 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let
MARKET, 1654— Furnished suite to let
MARKET, 1049A,The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator: $2 to $7. >
McALLISTER. 797 — Sunny suit parlors, with '
or without kitchen; couple or two, three
gents; single room.
McALLISTER, 800— Furnished room to let
McALLISTER, 1031 — Furnished room for lady;
phone; bath; housekeeping privilege.
MINNA. 638 — Large sunny front room for
rent. i
MISSION^. 1055 — Nice, eunny single room for :
$1 75 per week.
MISSION, 2245 — Nice sunny rooms; use of
bath and phone.
MODERN suite of rooms; elegantty '-furnished;
alfo flncle room. Box 1820, Callofflce. .
NATOMA, 294 — Sunny front room to let
NATOMA, 460^4— Large front room for 2; also
elngle room; private family; gas; bath.
NOE. 577 — Large sunny room to rent; rea-
sonable; suitable for 1 or 2.
OCTAVIA. 420—3 nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen preferred; running water, gas; con-
venience.
OCTAVIA, 1157 — Furnished room for gentle-
man.
PINE. 827, near Powell — Large sunny fur-
nished rm; running water; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
PINE. 1733 — Enterly new; single or en 6Ulte; ,
desirable location; every convenience.
POLK. 1735, close in— Well furnished room;
all conveniences: private family; moderate.-
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights, !
readlng-rpom. smoking-room and ladles' par- j
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60: week, $2
to J.H; month. $S to $20; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SANSOME, 625 — Furnished rooms to let
SHIPLEY, 20 — Two rooms in rear.
SHOTWELL, 210— Furnished rooms to let.
SIXTH. 215'A — Four unfurnished rooms to let;
no children.
SIXTH. 240%— St Johns: pleasant front fur-
nished room*: central location; most reas.
SIXTEENTH. 3038, bet Mission and Valencia
— One or two sunny bay window furnished
rooms; new flat; private family.
STEINER. 1315C. between Eddy and Ellis-
Three rooms to let.
STEVENSON, 635— Sunny furnished room for
two gentlemen.
SUTTER, 117 — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms, with or without housekeeping; also
rooms with board; full oartleulars. No
charges. Room Renting Advertisers.
SUTTER. 622— Sunny front rooms with hot and
. cold water, bath; also. single rooms.
SUTTER. 1105 — Large front bay-window room
2 closets, running water; light; housek. ; $13.
SUTTER. 2229%— Nicely furnished double par-
lors; hot and cold water; bath, gas; cloaet;
for one or two persons.
TAYLOR, 203— Fine large sunny front alcove
room: suitable two gentlemen; private .res.
TAYLOR, 61 5B— Handsome, sunny alcove suite,
piano. $15; large sunny room, suitable 2, $10. '
THE LARCHMONT7~36~Sut7e7.~liea7^rant
ave.— Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to • $6 per week;
SI to $1 SO per day; electric elevator or Ughta.
TO lET—rnni. and Unfnrn.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offices on
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in suit*
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
slent solicited. • *
THE Launston, 110 Eddy, opp. Tlvoll — Nice
fur, rms.; best transient house; lowest rates.
THIRD. 87— Furnished rooms to let
THIRTEENTH. 232 — Two sunny rooms, front
and back parlor.
TO let— Large furnished front room in private
family. Call B50 Sixth st. '. ¦ _
1
TURK. 242, Hotel Rex— Furnished room*.
TURK, S30 — One large front sunny alcove
room;, partly furnished; gas; bath.
TURK. 81C — Single rooms for gentlemen.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms, 35c to $1 night $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS AVE, 320 — Very nicely furnished
room for one gentleman. $9.
[ VAN NESS ave., 710— Furnished room for
J housekeeping to let.
WALTER, 93, near Fourteenth and Sanchez —
Newly furnished sunny front room; new flat;
suitable for lady who Is employed during
day; !?6 month.
WINCHlEsTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15o
to $1- per night and from 00c to $5, per week,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of' The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market Bt, Opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
pof tage paid.
BOOMS AND BOAED.
A COMFORTABLE, sociable and Inexpensive
home In the Mission for a gentleman; good
board. Box 27S5. Call.
EXCELLENT sunny rooms; home cooking;
H 50 and' $5; gentlemen. 1120 Cough st,
near O'Farrell.
TWO 6unny rooms and board. 3 adults. In pri-
vate Jewish family; terms reasonable; state
full particulars. Box 2762, Call.
i BREAKFAST and dinner with room. $20 per
- month; first-class home cooking. 1254 Eddy.
CLAY, 1105 — Furnished room and board.
CLAYTON. 625 — Rooms and board for 2 In
private family; reasonable.
I — — — ¦
EDDY, 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fin* turn.
sunny rooms; table board: reas.: new manag.
ELLIS. 453— Fine furnished rooms; excellent
table board; good location.
FILLMORE, 1007— Fine furnished rooms;
sunny, convenient and modern; table board.
FURNISHED room, with board. In German
family. Address- box 2731. Call office. j
HOWARD, S41A— First-class board and room, j
tingle or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board reasonable.
MASON. 615A. near Sutter — Sunny front room
• with board in privato family.
WANTED — Boy to room and board while at-
tending school; private place. Box 272S, Call.
Etevenion' Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California — See rooms. learn pricea.try tablo
ST. LOUIS ROOMS;
DESIRABLE rooms; convenient locality; flrst-
class. Cozy House, S15 N. 6th st.. St. Louis.
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN desires ro\>m and board In re-
fined German private family; musical pre-
ferred. Address 273S, Call office.
WANTED — Pleasant room, kosher board, for
elderly lady. Box 2764, Call.
BY young married couple, room and beard In
private family. >j3ox 1563. 1003 Market st.
i BOOMS WANTED.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE
SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming houses, apartment houses,
I boarding and privato houses, list your rooms
for v'.altlns Knights Templar and their friends,
free of all charge, with the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY,
1104 Market st, rooms 3 and 4.
' W. L. GROW ALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
I FURNISHED room for 2, father and son; 1 to
4 blocks from G C. church. G. G. ave. ; $9 to
$10 month. Box 23S7. Call office.
ROOM with cr without board; near City Hall;
advantage of Knsllsh taught:, state terms to
Japanese! centlerr.an. 570 Valencia st
AN unfurnished room by single man, between
Fourth and Tenth sts., on Mission. Box 2714.
Call office.
WANTED— 2 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping: eingle lady. Box 2775, Call.
j WANTED — 4 unfurnished rooms: close In. Ad-
dress CMsh, box 2469. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, tent to any address in the
\ United States or Canada one year for $1.
STABI.ES TO LET.
STABLE, room for backing. 36 Brady st.
oft Market, bet. 12th and 13th. _"
BOOM BEKTIWO AOEWCy]
WE rent your rooms: hundreds of roomers call-
Ing dally; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
Ing Advertisers. 117 Sutter et.. phone Clay 990.
PATEHTSw
INVENTIONS patented. .* F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market et
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice '
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central ave. and Waller st. ,
from January 1. 1901, to July 1, 1901: Carol
Drexil, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; Harry Drextl, 8 yrs. 6
mos.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; tafe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
YOU are Invited to attend the great exhibition
of art sewing machines and embroideries
which will commence at the White Co'e. new
offtce. 915 Market St.. August 1.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
¦ TO IiEASE.
STORES to lease; or rent; located on Pine st,
near Montgomery, Taylor asid Geary, Geary
and Williama, Geary near Kearny, California
near. Kc&rny. For turther particulars ca.l ut
office SONNTAG BROS.. 232 Montgomery.
HOTEL to rent; 45 rooms; new, modern, steam
heated, electric lighted, running hot and coM 1
water - In - every room: Pine, between Polk
and Van Ness; open Sunday, 10 to 1; block
from 3 car lines. -
MARKET 7Cy — 2 upper floors in center of city;
fitted for light manufacturing purposes; runs
through to Stevenson st. Apply Penny Audi-
torium.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
185th REGULAR Monthly Division of Profits
July 1, 1904, the Storey Cotton Co. (capital
$100,000; surplus $102,130 42), The Bourse I
Philadelphia. Pa., this day announced and'
paid to all customers of record a net profit of I
two and a half per centum (2% per cent) on I
all funds on deposit during June for; Invest-
¦ ment (subject to withdrawal on demand), and
on Special Time Accounts a net profit of 'lYi
per cent plus 2 per cent regular quarterly
bonus. y
Cotton Investments as thus operated pre-
sent the best, the safest,' and most profitable
medium now before the public. Booklets free.
A. MONTHLY dividend of 6 cents per share on
the preferred capital, stock of the United
, Milk Company has been declared, now pay-
able at the office of the company at 524
Montgomery st.. & F. Regular monthly
dividends will be paid in future. *"
w-^STTBTmEMNja^^rp^TA^ME^NO^
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S.: private ; established 3
years in S.'F. TeL Mint 2620 from 1 to 5 pm.
- ' . ¦ ¦ ¦
- MARRIAGE LICENSES..
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
- Harvey C. Bohrer, J21, 1627 .Washington
street, arid Orlll E. Mitchell. 20, 925C Larkin.
Francis Bridges. 25, 1019 Leavenworth street,
and Gertrude A. Cadien 25, 1019 Leavenworth.
Peter A. Lind. 30, 439 Chenery street, and |
A ™y G - Erickson. 35^ 439 Chenery street j
Charles H. F. Pellmann, 35 1S0O Howard
street, and Auguste" Gerlach 29. 2S06B Pine. 1
Alexander Forbes, 40, city, and Bertha
Scharowsky, 34. city
Joseph Crenlet. 24; 164 Clara street, and
Annie King. 27. lCt> Clara street.
Francisco Mlraglja. 24 19% Sonora place,
and. Evelina Gulnasso. 19,' 413 Union street
Thomas D. Polklnghorn 30. 252 Clara street,
and Lydia C. Perrlns. 20 '3336 Twenty-flfth st
Samuel H. Perkins. 21, «14 Sutter street
and Jennie L. Hand. 21. 2711 Buchanan street.
Per E. Magnuson, 49. city, and Johanna
Johnson, 40. city.- . I
George Howard. 32. 636B Natoma street, and I
Lizzie E. Crowley. 29. 210 Golden Gate avenue.
Alfred Kells. 22. 64.J Oak street and Mary
A. Burgess. 27, 390 Jones street.
John D. Robertson. 21, 808 Bush street *nd
Mary A. Taylor, 21. San Rafael.
Rudolph H. Palm. 43. 261 Stevenson street,
and Wilhelmine H. Aschmann. 23, 330 Sanchez.
David W. Smith, 44. 185 Clara street, and
Josephine Lindsay, 40. 1S5 Clara street
Hyman G. Risen. 47, Oakland, and Francei
Strow, 35. Oakland.
Gust. Soderblom, 33. Ill South Park, and
Jenney Anderson. 37, 111 South Park.
Edward Bloom. 27, city, and Matilda Detea-
hoff, 26. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b*- Inserted. They must be handed
• in at either of the publication offices and b*
, Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
I sons authorized to have the same publlsh-d.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
, free of charge.
I ¦ . ¦ '¦ »
BORN. *
DITTMAR— In this city. July 21. 1904. to th*
, wife of Charles E. Dlttmar, a daughter.
GUSTAFSON— In Alameda. July 19. 1901. to
the .wife of Captain Charles Gustafson. a
daughter " •
HANSEN— In this city. July 18, 1904, to tn*
wife of Aug. Hansen, a son.
HILDERBRAND— In this city. July 17. 1904. ,
to the wife of Christ Hllderbrand, a son.
MILTON — In tiila city. July 22, 1904. to tho
wife of Joseph W. Milton, a son.
PEARL— In this city, July 14, 1904. to the
wife of Max Pearl (nee Reinhertz). a son.
SHULTZ— In this city, June 20, 1904. to the
wife of Calvin Shultz. a son.
, SMITff— In this city. July 16. 1004. to th*
I wife of Fred O. Smith, a son.
SURGES — In this city, July 16, 1904. to th*
wife of John Surges, a son.
TRABER— In thla city, July 15. 1904, to the
wife of Ullrich Traber, a daughter.
VAIL— In this city. July 15. 1004, to th* wife
of Charles J. Vail, a daughter. %
— _ —
Beall. Reason B. Kelly. James
Braun, Carl Levtson, Abraham 3.
j Brunlng, Anna McCarthy, B.
Cavagnaro. Florenio McKlnney. Anna L.
Chase, Thomas de F. Menech, Simon
Clancy. John T. O'Donnell. Peter
Duralnd. Edward M. Poland. Frank 8.
Egeberg, Anna M. Reltmann, Augusta
Kenton. Charles Richardson. William
I Caspar. Frank C. Santos, Angellta
: Gaughran. James Slmi, Pletro
1 Golden. Mathew J. Slocum. Ruth B.
Harris. Charles S. Speck. William J.
Hayes, Anna Tox. William L.
Hull. Henry P. Wolff. Michael
Irwln, James B.
BEALL— In this city. July 23. 1904, Reason
B.. dearly beloved husband of Mary J. Beall.
and father of Thomas B., William F.. Grover
II.. Clarence It. and Goorge A. Beall, a na-
tive of Cumberland. Md.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BRAUN— In this city, July 22, 1004, Carl
Kiiitin, beloved son of Jacob Braun and the
late Bertha Braun. and brother of Bertha
Braun. Mrs. M. Hartman and Fred Braun,
a native of Bohemia, Austria, aged 22 years, i
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are rtspect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day :
(Sunday). July 24, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence SSI Fourteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by electric fumral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
BRUNING— In Oakland. July 23. 1904, Anna,
mother of John H. and Fabln H. Brunlng.
a native of Germany, aged 78 years.
CAVAGNARO — In Genova, Italy. July 20,
1904, Fiorenzo, beloved husband of Made- j
Una Cavasnaro. and father of Christina and ,'
Florenzlna Cavasnaro, and brother of Carlo ;
M. Cavagnaro, a native of Italy, aged 50
years 2 months and 17 days. i
ETNotJc* of funeral hereafter. I
CHASE— In this city, July 22, 1904, Thomas
De Frets Chase, husband of Angle O. Chase. ',
and brother of Harry F., Malcolm P. and 1
Samuel IS. Chase and- Mrs. J. B. Walden, |
a native of San Francisco, aged 46 years.
(Los A.'ierUes papers plea3e copy.) J
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday, July 24, '
at 10 o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray &
Co.. 353 Sutter street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Towns«nd streets.
CLANCY— In thl3 city. July 23. 1904. John T.. I
dearly beloved son of Thomas C. and Ann \
W. Clancy, and beloved brother ot Henry
G., Charles A.. Joseph A. and the late David
Clancy, a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years 7 months and 24 days.
CFuneral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resiaenc.
of his parents, 9 Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services, commencing at 9 I
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit I
flowers.
DURAIXD — In Alma. Colo.. July 20. 1904. Ed-
ward M. Duralnd. beloved eon of Mrs. Louisa
Duralnd, and beloved brother of May. Julia,
Honore, George and the late Mary Duralnd.
EGfcBERG— In this city, July 21, 1904, Anna
Margratha, beloved wife of the late Henry
Kgcberg, and devoted mother of Henry P.
Egeberg of Redding, Cal., and Helen, Ed-
ward and Anna Egeberg, a native of Han-
over. Germany, aged 43 years 5 months and
17 days.
ityFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), -at 2:S0 o'clock, at her
lato residence. 1329 Vermont street, under
the .ausdees of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge
'No. 130. I. O. O. F. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
FENTON— In this city. July 22. 1904 Charles
Fenton. beloved husband of Ada J. Fenton. !
a native of New York, aged 80 years 5 ,
months and 25 days.
E^-Funtral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. ;
Co Scott street. Interment strictly private, i
GASPAR— In Newman, July 21, 1904. Frank
C. dearly beloved son of Joseph. C. and
' Maria Gaepar. and devoted brother of Jo-
-seph Caspar, a native of Portugal, aged 23
ypars. . ;
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 26, 1904, at 0 o'clock, from the "mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
Komery avenue, thence to Yglesia de Nuestra
Senora de Guadalupc. Broadway, near Ma- .
son street, where a mass will be held for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 0:30 •
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. I
GAUGHRAN— In this city. July 23. 1004, I
James, beloved husband of Mary Gaughran, '
and dearly beloved father of James, Jennie,
Robert, Teresa Frances and Joseph
Gaughran Mrs. T. F. Bannan and Mrs. T.
W. Kelly, a native of County Westmeath.
Ireland, aged 69 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
Ityrhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from his lato resi-
dence 2437 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, wher* a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for tha repose
of hla soul at 9 o'clock.. Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemetery.
GOLDEN— In thla city. July 16, 1004, Mathew
James. ' beloved husband of 4 Mary Golden,
father of Hattle Golden, ai|d son of John
and Margaret Golden, a native of New York,
aged 09 years 6 months and 25 days.
HARRIS — In Santa Clara. July 23, 1904,
Charles S. Harris, a native of California,
aged 30 years.
(C Remains at th* chapel of Clark &
Booth. «12 and 614 Van Ness avenue be-
tween Golden Gate avenue and Turk street
HAYES— In this city. July 22, 1904. Anna, be--
- loved wife of the late D. E. Hayes and
mother of Edward. Agnes and Cella Hayes,
a native of Ireland.
D7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1224 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a . requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HULL— In San Mateo, Cal., July" 22, 1904,
Henry P. Hull, beloved husband ' of Nellie.
Coleman Hull, and son of W. W. and
Rosanna Hull, and brother of Asa and Guy !
. Hull and Mrs. Richard -J. Shields, a native 1
HENRY'J.-CAM.'*CH v: ? CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND, EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. —Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. .
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 1C7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan,' Manager. "." : Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA&'-O.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission st. near Nineteenth,
• * Jian Francisco, --.' '
(CTFrlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. July 24, 1904, atJ 10:15 o'clock, at
the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company 405 Powell street, near Post In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery via 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
E7"Rema!r.s at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
LEVISON— In this city July 23. 1004. Abra-
ham S. Levison. a native of Russia, aged 35
years and 6 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Holy
Society 862 Folsom street. Interment Sa-
lem Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train frum
Third and Townsend streets.
MCCARTHY— In Berkeley July 22. 1904. B.
McCarthy, beloved brother of Mrs. E. M.
Wllkins of San Francisco and Mrs. Mark
H. Bryan of Seattle. Wash., and uncle of
Miss M. J. McNamara of 2329 Bancroft way,
Berkeley, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged
68 years and 2 days. (Seattle and Virginia
City. Nev., papers please copy.)*
CCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. July 24. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at St.
Joseph's Church, corner of Addlaon and St.
Joseph streets, Berkeley. Interment private
in St. Mary's Cemetery.
McKINNEY— In Haywards. July 22. 1904.
Anna L. McKlnney, beloved wife of Thomas
Jefferson McKlnney, and mother of George.
Edward and Louise McKlnney, Mrs. James
Greves, Mrs. Hiram Grevei and Mrs.
Thomas Dale,.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from h;r
late residence in Haywards. Sunday, July
24, at 2 o'clock.*' Interment Lon* Tree Cem-
etery.
MENECH— In this city. July 22. 1904. Simon
Menech. a native of Hungary, aged 71 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In the City and County Hos-
pital, July 23. 1904, Peter O'Donnell.
POLAND— In this city, July' 20, 1904, Frank
S. Poland, beloved father cf Harry F.
Poland, a native of Massachusetts, aged 62
year* 5 months and lti days.
C^"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral service*
Sunday, July 24. at 10 o'clock, at the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first und"er the auspices of Excelsior Ledge
No 310 I. O O. F.; Excelsior Lodga No.
126' A O. IT. W.. and Grand Lodtte. A. O.
U. W..' of California. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
REITMANN— In this city. July 20. 1904.
" Augusta, dearly beloved wife of Dledrlck
ReUn.ann, and sister of Mrs. Gecrre Bern-
hard, a native of Nev York City, aged 3tt
years 3 months and 20 days. (Brooklyn,
N. Y., papfrs please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 24, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
dtnee, 51 Capp street, near Sixteenth. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
RICHARDSON — In thla city. July 23, 1904.
William Richardson, aged 40 years.
SANTOS— In this city. July 23. 1904. Angellta,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Santos,
daughter of Mrs. Concepclon Servanty and
the late Clcllllo Ramirez, and sister of Mrs.
Tomasa Yoell and Jennie Servanty. a native
of Palo Alto. Cal.
EIMI— In Healdsburz. Cal.. suddenly, July 19.
1904, Pl«-tro Slmi, beloved husband of Vic-
toria Slmi. and father of Harry C. Slmi.
Mrs. C. A. Krone. Mrs. F. Pinella and
Mrs. G. R. Stiles, a native of Lucca, Italy,
aged tS> years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
on Sunday. July 24. at 1 o'clock, at Sta.
Peter and Paul's Church, Filbert and
Dupont streets.
SLOCUM— In this city. July 23. 1904. Ruth
Burwell Slocum. mother of H. B. Slocum.
and sister of Mrs. S>B. Satterle* and Dudley
N. Burwell of Portland Or., aged 67 years
1 month and 4 days. (Herklmer County, N.
Y.. paper please copy.)
C7"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
SPECK— In the City and County Hospital,
July 23. 1904. William James Speck, a na-
tive of South Africa, aged 67 years.
TOX— In this city. July 23. 1904, •William L..
darling baby of Minor J. and Ada M. Toz.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and
23 days.
WOLFF— In this city. July- 22. 1904. Michael
Wolff, beloved father of Aron Wolff. Mrs.
Sarah Rosenberg and Mrs. Esther Wile, a
native of Bavaria, aged 76 years 3 months
and 12 days.
of San Carlos, Cal.. aged 37 years 10 months
and 11 day3.
ET'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atttnd the funeral services
Sunday. July \ 24. at 9:45 o'clock, at St.
Matthew's Catholic Church. San Mateo. CaL
Interment St. John's Cemetery, San Mateo.
IRWIN— In this city. July 23. 1904. James B.,
beloved son of Martha and the late James
Irwin, and brother of Sarah Irwln. past chief
ranger of Court Wierysdale No. 7S03. A. O.
F.. a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
and 27 days.
E7" Remains at the parlors of Craig, Coch-
ran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate avenue, between
Po:k and Larkin streets.
KELLY— In thla city. July 23. 1904. James
Kelly, brother of Andrew Kelly, a native of
the parish of Spiddl County Galway. Ire-
land, aged .".o years. A member of the Pa-
ctflo Coast Marine Firemen's Union.Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
•, chanta 1 Exchange, San Krandsco. Cal..
July 23. 1904. . ' • .
The Time Ball «- **— tower of the Ferry
kuildlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
¦ ' Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
— Tho tilth and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharfj about 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
"Well, papa says," replied the child,
"that rabbits multiply rapidly, and
Bunnie won't do it." — Washington Post.
Dorothy was heard talking to her
rabbit
"Five times five," she said. "Six
times six, seven times seven." Be
tween times ehe shook the rabbit vio
lently.
"Dorothy," said her mother, "what
are you doing to your rabbit?"
Steamer. Destination. sails.
BantaCUra... Valdez & Seward July 25
City Seattle.. Skagway &. Way Ports. July 25
tampico Nome & St. Michael. ... July 25
Jefferson JSkagway & Way Ports. July 23
Humboldt.... rSkagway & Way Ports. July 28
Dlrtgo. ....... Skagway & Way Ports. July 31
Senator. Nome direct Aug. 1
Excelsior Seldovia & Way Ports. Aug. l
Victoria...... Nome & Siberia........ Aug. 2
Roanoke. Nome A St. Michael.... Aug. 6
CHINESE CAMP, July 23.— The old
mining town of Bigoak Flat was almost
wiped out of existence this morning
by a fire which originated in a
lodging-house conducted by W. H.
Dodge. The flames rapidly spread to
the adjoining building6 and destroyed
the Marconi dwellings, the Golden build
ing, the Bigoak Flat Hotel, Jordan's
store and dwelling, the Breen Hotel and
several other buildings. The origin of
the fire Is a mystery, but is supposed
to be of incendiary origin, several mys
terious flres having occurred lately.
Owing to the great mining activity,
the buildings, will be reconstructed as
soon as the property losses are ad-
Many of the Largest Buildings hi the
Old Mining Town Are Burned
to the Ground.
I1IGOAK FLAT SUFFERS
HEAVY LOSS BY FIRE
RENO, Nev.. July 23 —The eastbound
passenger train struck an unknown
man who was standing on a bridge
near Verdi fo-day. The man was
thrown high in the air. falling into the
river and was apparently instantly
killed. The passengers made an effort
to take the body from the stream, but
it floated beyond their reach and was
lost. The identity of the dead man will
remain a mystery until the body is
found.
Train Kills an Inknoun 31au.
Brnkemari Is Crushed to Death.
SAN JOSE. July 23.— Richard E. Rob
erts, a brnkeman on the narrow-gauge
railroad, met a frightful death near
Los Gatos this morning. While tlght-
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for the
Isthmus of . Panama and way ports with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $88,449,
to be distributed as follows: For Mexico,
3k&89; Central America, $26,477; Panama,
$4M. i i; Colombia, $1,D13; New York, $51,325;
Trinidad Island. $710. The leading exports
were as follows:
To Mexico— 3^61 bdls shooks. 8464 lbs soda
ash. l"-'4(> lbs bicarbonate, 15 pkgs machinery,
U bdls Iron, 5 cs drugs, 6 flasks quicksilver
165S ft luniUr. lo bUls wire. 4 carboys acid
H coils rope, 7l> cs paints, 4 pkgs nails, 2 pkgs
electrical supplies, o cs canned goods, 48 pkgs
fre3h fruits, 16 pkgs groceries and provisions,
t32 gals wine, 620 lbs cheese. 45 pkgs potatoes
To Central America— 2459 bbls flour, 201 gals
110 os whisky, 6S0 gals 3S cs wine. 10 cs spir
its, 35,350 lbs rice. 408 lbs tea, OS pkgH pota
toes, 54 pkKK onions, 10 cs ealmon. 1644 lbs
spices, 55 pkgs fresh fruits, 0 pkgs paste 40
pkga groceries and provisions, 23 cs canned
-oods, DO bales hay, 14 ctls oats, 19,409 lbs
tallow. 31 cs 27 bbls oils, 29 pkgs dry goods
i36*J lbs sheet lead. 18,866 lbs soda. 224 pkgs
paints, 124 bdls 105 pes iron, 20 bbls cocoanut
ell. S2 cs coal oil, 48 bdls paper, 24 pkgs nails
17 pltgs machinery. 8 bdls leather, 40 pkgs
tubes, 16 jjkgs Iron ware, 54 bdla shooks. 16
pkffg.wire. 5 bbls tar. 10 cs arms and ammu
nition, 2 horses.
To Panama— 870 bbls flour, 150 efts garlic,
100 crts onions, 00 crts potatoes, 4972 lbs
beans, 40 cs canned salmon, 8 bdls brooms.
To Colombia— 220 bbls flour, 4C0 gals wine.
24 cs salmon. 6 cs canned goods, 2000 lbs rice,
1 crts potatoes.
To New York — 73,541 gals 28 cs wine, 165
flasks quicksilver, 14.560 lbs dry hides, 300,230
lbs boneblack. 6559 lbf lead dross, 116 ska cat
tle hair. 3 bales cattle hair, 109 sks herbs
To Trinidad Island— 150 cs canned salmon.
10 cs assorted canned goods. - \--.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
PHOEXIX, Ariz., July 23.— Owing to
recent rains in the watershed of the
Verde and Salt rivers. Salt river was
booming yesterday above Phoenix, and
this evening a breast of water much
too high tor fording and in excess of
the amount taken by the canals is run
ning by this city toward the sea. This
Is the first time the water has gone by
the canal heads in any quantity for
nearly a year. All day long it v.as
passing over the Arizona canal dam
two feet deer.. The rains have been
general and will save thousands of
head of cattle on the ranges.
Heavy Rainfall In Arizona.
FROM SEATTLE.
Eteamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
" July 24. I j— —
Newburg... Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 11 amIPler 1H
Argoi Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pier 3
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier IX
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
Corona Humboldt jl:30pPier 0
Jaly 25. I |
S.Monica.. Loa Angeles Ports.) 4 pmlPler 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. | 2 pm|Pler 2
July 26. I l
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 2
laqua Ilumboldt I 2 pm Pier 2
a. Dollar... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. B pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & way... 9 am Pier 11
July 27. I |
Eureka Humboldt 9 amIPler 13
Pon-ona.... Humboldt 1:30 p|Pier » j
Arctic Humboldt » am|PUr 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay B pm|Pler 8
North Fork. HumboMt 5 pmiPler 20
July 23. |
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion tt pm Pier '£
State of Call Pan Diego & Way. ,«> am Pier 11
Sonoma 'Sydney & Way... 2 pmlPler 7
Rainier.....' Seattle & "Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 29. sq . i
Mongolia... China & J.apan 1 pm Pier 40
Totmes..... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 1»
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului.l 5 pmlPler 23
July 30. | |
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Aurclia... .. Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pltr 27
jnly 31. f
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 21
Aug-uot 1. | |
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 1 pmlPler 40
August 3. | |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am|Pier 0
Jr.anio. ... . . Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pier 20
TO SAIL.
The bark W. B. Flint was cleared yesterday
for Makawell via Eleele with an assorted
cargo, valued at $34,010, and including the fol
lowing: 175 bbls flour, 3305 ctls barley, 11,041
lbs middlings. 98,840 lbs bran, 28 ctls wheat,
1445 bales hay, 2i> ctls corn, 4704 lbs beans,
2250 lbs salt, 86 cs assorted canned goods,
4o75 lbs bread, 10 cs meals, 4676 lbs sugar, 37
Fkga groceries and provisions, 17 pkgs pickled
salmon, 6 txs raisins. 325 lbs dried fruit, 55
pkgs paste, 105 pkgs potatoes, 20 pkgs onions,
2027 lbs lard, 7 cs salad oil. 2211 gals 25 ca
wine, 23 cs lluuors, 5 cs gin. 141 raJs 24 cs
whisky. 215 tons fertiMzer, 230 cs coal oil. 550
Kills gasoline, 550 gals distillate, 934 lbs zinc,
163 bxs soap, & pkgs dry goods, 14 pkgs paper,
20 bxs candles, (S coils rope, 400 bdls shingles,
6 pkgs drugs, 2 cs arms and ammunition, 48
bdls Bhocks, 51 bdls 181 pes iron, 2 bdls 24 pes
steel, 6010 ft hardwood, C cs matches, 2218
rails, 444 bdls rail splices, 20 pkgs bolts.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
COLLEGE POINT, N. Y., July 23.—
Secretary of the Treasury Leslie M.
Shaw was the principal speaker here
to-day at a Republican semi-centennial
rally in this place. Shaw held a brief
reception before the meeting was
called to order, personally greeting the
100 or more veterans of the party who
were guests of honor. Shaw spoke en
tirely on the financial question de
claring that the Republican party, In
epite of opposition, established the na
tional banking system, restored specie
payment, and made the gold standard
permanent.
Chief of Treasury Treats of Finance
at a Republican Rally.
SECRETARY SHAW SPEAKS.
The British steamer Crusader, 2744 tons (on
Puget Sound) was chartered prior to arrival
for' lumbtr from Portland to two ports In
China.
Msitters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 23— Stmr
Bonita. for Kan Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 23 — Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway. '. .
Sailed July 22— Stmr Alki. for Skagvray.
July 2;J— Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 23— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway. / .
Arrived July 23 — Stmr City of Seattle, from
Southeastern Alaska. .
TATOOSH — Passed In July 23 — Br »hip
Oranasia. from Antwerp for Puget Sound.
Passed July 23— Schr Bainbrldge. from Port
Blakeley for San Pedro. .
Passed out July 2:!— Ship Henry Falling, fm
Tacoma for Sydney. ..-,... •
PORT BLAKKLEY— Sailed July 23— Scbr
Balnbrldse. for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
July 17— Lat &S N, long , Ger ship
Chrlstcl. from Shields for Port Los Angeles.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS — July 23. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity S miles an hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SiturUay. July 23.
h.mr Peru. Macklnnon. Ancon (canal zone),
etc.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln. Unalaska and
Dutch Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar. IVlnkel, Greenwood
Strar Jame» S Higglns. Hlggins. Fort Bragr
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Point Arena and
Mendocino.
• Stmr Del Norte. Payne. Crescent City
*Stmr Enterprise. Young-gren. Hilo.
Stmr National City, Hammar. Fort Bragr'
Stmr Centralia. Erickson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Montara. Rellly. Seattle.
Bark Geo Curtis. Calhoun Honolulu
Schr . Kona, Anderson. Port Townsend.
Schr Advance, Ogldessen. Coaullle River.
Schr Onward. Anderson. Coqullle River.
Schr Jennie Grlf fln. Gibson. Point Reyes.
Launch Western. Burns. Santa Cruz.
Schr Newark. Reinertsen." Stewarts Point.
SAILED.
% CLEARED.
Saturday, July 23.
Stmr Queen, Cousins. Victoria; Pac Coast
S ti CO.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon. Ancon (canal zone),
via Mexican and Central American ports; Pac
Stmr Corona. Gielow, Eureka; Pac Coast S
5 Co. ¦ ' .
Stmr Enterprise. Younggren, Hllo; J D
Spreck^Is & Bros Co.
Hr ship Halewood, Lonnen. Vancouver; G W
McNear.
Hurk W U Flint, Johnson. Eleele; Alexander
6 Baldwin.
„ _ . : Saturday, July 23
US torpedo boat Jaul Jones, Davidson —
days from Bremerton. TOn '
US torpedo boat Perry. Fenton. — days
from Bremerton. ay "
Ger stmr Totmes. Koehler, 3 days from
Seattle; put in to finish loading '
Rock™ Greenwood> Walvl ». 10 hours from Finn
Pon^Ro'gerV* 11 *" 1 " 1 - Thompson - 7 b™™ «roin
r.^T S ° mh Coast - OIsen - 15 hou " from
from^&o 3 H ' gSlnS - Hl6KlM ' S3 h —
Point"" ° Ualala ' KalvIn ' 10 ho"" from Bihler.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 26 hours from Eel
Stmr Rainier, Hanson. 78 hours from Bel
ilngnaxn.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett — hours from
Up river direct.
Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, 1 - 27 days from
HilO. i
Schr Ida McKay. Lethola, 43 hours from
Schr Aloha, Butenahon. 29 days from Hono
lulu.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sheridan Leaves Nagasaki.
The army transport Sheridan, Cap
tain Peabody, left Nagasaki yesterday,
homeward bound.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner City
of Para sailed yesterday for Panama
and way ports with a full cargo and
about sixty passengers.
City of Para Sails.
SUNDAY. JULY 24.
Sun rises 6:05
Sun sets .. . 7-27
Moon seta 2:43 a. "m.
O iTlmel iTlmel |Tlme| ITlmel
t 1 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
* |L w| ]h w| |l w| |h w
24 3:2Sj— 0.4Jl0:2fi| 4.31 2:55 3.0 9:1S lUJ
25 4:12 —O.t 11:12 4.M 3:43 3.110:00 8.7
20 4:50— O.«!ll:57| 4.K 4:50 3.110:44 6.6
27 5:28 — 0.5112:34! 4.7! 5:10 3.111:22 53
2S 6:02|—0.3! 1:101 4.7| 5:56 3.0|
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moruine tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the lairt tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' in
addition to th« soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
slKn precedes the height, and then the number
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Altec , ?anama July 24
North Fork... Humboldt July 24
Arctic Humboldt July2»
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor July 25
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... July 25
Eureka Humboldt July 25
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports I July 2ft
I'omona Humboldt July 25
State of Cal.., San Diego & Way Pts. July t.i
Breakwater... Ccos Bay July 25
Redondo Portland & Astoria July 23
China China & Japan July 23
G. Dollar San Diego July 20
Wyefleld Nanalmo July 20
Porno Point Arena & Albion. July 26
CocsBay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 27
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July 27
Aurella Portland & .Vtorla July 27
Elizabeth Coquille River July 28
DelNorte.... Crescent City I July 2S
Argo E«l River Ports [July 28
San Pedro San Pedro I July 'M
S. BArbara... San Pedro IJuly 28
Coronu Humbolilt IJuly 2X
Curacao Mexican Ports IJuly 2S
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena'July 2S
Santa Rosa. .. San Dl^go & Way Pts. IJuly 2S
Arcat.i 'Coos Bay & Pt, Orford. IJuly 2S
(1. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJuly 28
Chlco Portland & Astoria IJuly 30
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports (July W
Jeanle ¦ Seattle & Tacoma I July .10
G. Llndauer.. I Grays Harbor IJuly at
Bonita 'Newport & Way Ports. |July 31
Sequoia I Wlllapa Harbor, July iil
Marlposa Tahiti Aug. 1
Oregonlan.... New York via Coronel. Aug. 1
Alameda Honolulu , Aug. 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria 1 Auk. 2
Newport New York via Panama. lAug. 3
The overdue list has been unchanged
for several days. Only two vessels, the
Ems and the Pionier, are quoted for re
insurance, and they both remain at 15
per cent.
Overdue List Unchanged.
The steam, schooner Gualala, which
arrived yesterday,- ten hours from Bih
lers Point, brought down the machin
ery recovered from the steamer Ruth,
which was wrecked November 11 at
Fishermans Bay.
Recovers Ruth's Machinery.
AMERICAN HARK CHARLES B. KENNEY AND THE DISTRESSED VESSEL
SHE SIGHTED OFF THE AUSTRALIAN COAST. DRAWN FROM A DE
SCRIPTION FURNISHED BY CAPTAIN SALVESON OF THE KENNEY.
• _ *"__ * •¦¦ ¦
ALIi ITEMS OF FINANCE
SHOW HIGH FIGURES
NEW YORK, July 23.— The Financier
says: The striking features of the offi
cial statement of the New "SJork Asso
ciated Banks last week were the un
precedented high averages of all tha
items except surplus reserve which has
been recorded since July 9, 1SDS, when
it was at $33,345,300. In June of that
year It will be remembered the surplus
had been almost weekly augmented be
cause of operations incident to the
placing of the war loan of 1S03 and it
reached a maximum of $52,206,250 on
June 25, subsequently gradually de
creasing.
The cash reserve increased last week
by J11.S14.700, or $1,315,200 more than
that which was estimated upon the
basis of the traceable movements o£
money during the week, indicating that
the discrepancies between the estimated
and the officially reported movements of
cash, which until the previous week
were quite marked, are being corrected.
There Is still, however, a difference of
more than $13,000,000 between the total
gain for the past four weeks as Indi
cated by the estimates and the In
crease recorded by the bank statement;
thl3 difference may possibly be cor
rected In the returns of later weekj.
The deposits were increased $22,273,800
and the required reserve was thereby
augmented by J5.53S.456, deducting
which from the gain in cash as above
leaves $6,046,250 as the increase in sur
plus reserve to $50,600,600.
Computed upon the basis of deposits,
less those of $23,343,200 public
funds, the surplus is $56,445,400. The In
crease in deposits, It may be noted, was
less by $1,671,400 than the sum of the
gain in cash and the Increase In loans
showed the statement did not balance.
CALIFORNIA FISHERMEN
ARE 3IADE DEFENDANTS
ASTORIA. Or.. July 23.— Suit has
been commenced by representatives of
the Columbia River Fishermen's Pro
tective Union against three California
fishermen who have been flshins: at
Astoria. The complaint filed recites
that the man are not American citizens
and not residents either of Oregon or
"Washington, as the laws of both States
provide fishermen shall be. The case
Is In reality a test of the constitution
ality of the fishing laws now in force
In Oregon and Washington, which
provide that fishing licenses may ba
issued only to citizens of the two
States. The union complains that non
residents have been granted licenses
by the authorities and that the suit
is to stop the practice.
ening the brakes the chain broke and
Roberts lost his balance and fell be
tween the moving cars and his body
was terribly mangled.
The schooner George E. Billings ar
rived yesterday at Newcastle, having
made the run from Melbourne in four
days. The Billings was recently ashore
on the Australian coast, and while at
Melbourne underwent extensive repairs.
Makes Smart Passage.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 23 — Stmr Arabic,
from Liverpool: stmr New York, from South
ampton and Cherbourg; etmr Moltke, ' from
Hamburg; stmr La Bretagne. from Havre.
Sailed July 23 — Stmr Graf - Waldersea, for
Hamburg: stmr Columbia, for Glasgow; stmr
Me&aba for London; stmr St. Louis, for
Southampton; stmr. Finland, for Antwerp:
stmr Etruria, for Liverpool; stmr Algeria, for
Naples- stmr Arkansas, for Copenhagen.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July 23 — Btmr
Philadelphia, from New York via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to July 23 —
Stmr Coptic, from San Francisco via Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 23 — Stmr Cam
pania from New York.
Sailed July 23 — Stmr Umbrl*. for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July 23— Stmr
Hekla. from New York.
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 23 — Stmr Prln.
ress Alice, from New York via Plymouth for
Bremen, and proceeded.
Sailed July 2.1 — Stmr Deutschland, from
Hamburg for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 23— Stmr Kroon
land. for New. York. .
HAVRE — Sailed July 23 — Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 23— Stmr Cel
tic, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed July 23 — Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREST— Sailed July 1S>— Fr ahip Vlll» de
Havre, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 1&— Stmr Lyn*.
from Tacoma, and sailed July 20 for Hon»-
NEWCASTLE Aus — Arrived July 23 — Schr
Geo E Billings, "from . *
NAGASAKI— Sailed July 23— V 3 Stmr
Sheridan, for San Francisco via Honolulu.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed July 22— Ger stmr
Hathor. for San Francisco
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to July 23— Br
«tmr Knight Commander, from New York.
SUEZ— Arrived July 23— Br stmr Eatsuma,
from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Sailed July 21 — Ship Emily F
Whitney, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 22 — Stmr Argyll,
hence July 13. July 23 — Br stmr Gaelic hence
July 10; ship Tlllie E Starbuck. from New
York. f
Sailed July 23— Schr Robert Lewers. for Lay
san Island.
Sailed July 23 — Br atmr Gaelic, for China
and Japan.
KAIIULUI— Sailed July 21— Schr O II Ksl
logg. for Port Townsend.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 22— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. \
ISLAND PORTS.
Arrived July 20— Bktn Benicia. from Maka
weli
ASTORIA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Leelanaw.
from Seattle.
Arrived July 23 — Stmr Geo W Elder, henca
July 21.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 23— Stmr Geo \7
Elder, from San Francl9co
PORT . TOWNSEXD— Arrived July 25— Schr
Ethel Zane. from San Pedro.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived July 23— Schr
Western Home, hence July 8.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 22— Schr C
A Thayer. hence July 11: schr Orient, hence
July 8; »chr Marlon, hence July S.
REDONDO — Sailed July 23— Schr A J West.
for Grays Harbor.
EUREKA — Arrived July 23 — Stmr Pasadena,
hence July 21; stmr Eureka, hence July 22.
Sailed July 23— Stmr Arctic, for Pan Fran
cisco; stmr Bee, for San Pedro; schr Azalea,
for Redondo; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco
WESTPORT— Arrived July 23— Stmr West
port, hence July 22
UNION LANDING — Arrived July 23 — Stmr
Navarro hence July 22.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived July 23— Stmr
Marahfleld, from San Pedro.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived July 23. 6 a m—
Stmr Newsboy, hence July 21.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed July 23 — Stmr
San Mateo, for Tacoma.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed July 23 — Star Bruns
wick for San Francisco.
SAN f DIEGO — Arrived July 23 — Stmr Co
quille River, from \San Pedro.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July 23 — Schr Marion,
hence July 6.
EASTERN PORTS.
The United States torpedo-boat de
stroyers Paul Jones and Perry arrived
yesterday from Bremerton. They will
leave in a few days for the Santa Bar
bara channel, there to act as stake
boats during the speed trials of the
battleship Ohio. The Ohio will have a
few ssins around the harbor between
now and Thursday, when she will leave
for the south for her trial. Captain
George Harvey will pilot the big fight
ing machine until she Is turned over to
Uncle Sam.
Destroyers From the North.
The H. J. Corcoran, the river steamer
plying between this city and Vallejo, Is
now using her new slip, which, al
though geographically described as be
ing at the foot of Clay street, is really
at the northern extremity of the ferry
depot. The Harbor Commissioners have
treated the new Vallejo line handsome
ly in the way of accommodations, and
as far as the convenience of passengers
is concerned Vallejo-bound travelers
now find easier access to their boat
than do Southern Pacific, Key Route or
Santa Fe patrons. The Corcoran's new
landing is nearer to the cars than any
other slip In the ferry depot, and com
muters who leave themselves small lee
way for the catching of other boats
are casting envious eyes at the unin
terrupted sprinting stretch that leads
to the Vallejo steamer's gangway.
Now Part of Ferry System.
The goats chew cans in anybody's
lot, the early pig beats the family to
ihe milk can, cattle in the outlying
districts dine on tea roses and vagrant
curs have the whole city for a field la
which to trot about.
Mayor Schmitz says that Harry Ir
win has the sole right to administer
knock-out drops to four-footed or
phans. The Supervisors in an ordi
nance state that the Humane Society
owns the exclusive privilege of putting
the quietus on homeless dogs. Hence
there Is a suit in the Superior Court
and immunity for canine hoboes.
The city appropriates $7000 a year to
provide painless deaths and decent
burials for the surplus dog population.
Besides this money the fines paid for
some of the dog: and cattle vagrants
amount to something. These facts
make the suit interesting.
Until two years ago the Humane So
cley had the work. Then the Mayor
appointed Harry Irwln poundmaster.
Last October the Supervisors rein
stated the Humane Society. Com
plaints were made that Irv.in reduced
the fines for dog vagrancy and appro
priated them. The tales were not veri
fied, but the Supervisors stood pat for
the society. So the matter rests.
The Humane people have closed their
dog morgue and jail. Irwin does a lit
tle dog catching now and then, but it
is said that he only Imprisons the aris
tocratic canines. Any bewhiskereU
kaiser Is given the go-by whose fea
tures have not that repose which
marks the caste of Vere de Vere.
While rival poundkeepera are fight
ing for the right to entertain homeless
animals mongrels join in the dally
promenades on Market street, the
goats on Bcrnal Heights are capering
in glee and numerous pigs are maklns
barrel-to-barrel canvasses in the West
ern Addition.
The nearest library west of San Fran
cisco, that of the Honolulu Library As
sociation, has had a prosperous year.
The net gain in membership for the
twelve months has been sixty, making
a total of 250. A cordial welcome to the
rooms is extended to strangers, very
many of whom during their stay highly
value these privileges.
In Pasadena the Public Library Board
is pursuing the wise policy of buying
valuable old works on early California
history. A recent purchase embraced a
set of Hutchings* Magazine, the first
magazine published in the State, from
1S56 to 1861; John C. Fremont's expedi
tion, Leonard Kip's California sketches,
Farnham's "Early Days in Califor
nia," E. C. Capron's "History of Cali
fornia" and others of equal interest.
As these works have long been out of
print and are eagerly sought for by
many libraries the day is not far dis
tant when it will be Impossible to pro
cure them.
Ferndale, a promising town in Hum
boldt County, has by ordinance just
paJsed established a public library.
Mountain View, Santa Clara County,
incorporated in 1902, has a new women's
club, which for its first work has begun
agitation for a public library.
Willows, Glenn County, has a Wom
an's Christian Temperance Union,
which has the use of a room in the City
Hall for a free library, to be supported
by the union.
Salinas is considering the possibility
of starting a free library. Aleli Parlor
No. 101, Native Daughters of the Gold
en West, leads In this undertaking.
The Berkeley public library is the re
cipient from Miss Elizabeth Tompkins
of seventy volumes of valuable works
on various subjects. From Joseph P.
Moore, a veteran of the Civil War, this
library received a complete set of the
records of the war. The set, containing
124 volumes of records and thirty-five
volumes of war maps, was Issued by
the War Department. This work is be
coming rare. The Berkeley library evi
dently has a strong hold on public fa
vor. Its annual report shows ownership
of 15,000 volumes, with an active circu
lation of over 93,000.
The Twentieth Century Club, a wom
en's club of Reno, Nev., has presented
to the new public library seventy-five
volumes'* or the Juvenile department.
COLLECTS STATE HISTORY.
At Campbell, Santa Clara County,
a free reading-room has just been
opened by the combined efforts of the
Christian Endeavor and Epworth
League societies. Business men and
others have given liberally toward its
maintenance. There are scores of places
in California, many of them larger than
Campbell, which could easily support a
reading-room and small library if a few
public spirited citizens would lead- in
such an effort.
SMALL TOWN'S GOOD WORK
The Carnegie building in San Bernar
dino is finished and will soon be occu
pied. It is a handsome structure of
pressed brick and cost $20,000.
Santa Monica's building, erected by a
$12,500 gift from Carnegie, has been
completed and accepted by the Library
Trustees. The lot, 100 by 150 feet, was
bought by a general subscription for
$3750.
During the last month the American
Beet Sugar Company of Oxnard, Ven
tura County, has reopened its reading
room for the benefit of its employes.
The room is 20 by 50 feet, is provided
with games, papers and magazines and
is lighted by electric lights.
A striking Instance of the effective
work of women's clubs In the founding
of public libraries Is shown In the
growth of the Lewiston, Idaho, public
library. The story is a simple one. Four
years ago the Tscemlnicum Club of
Lewiston determined to start a free
library. They first placed a few vol
umes on a shelf in the Council cham
ber and declared that a library had
been created. A series of entertain
ments followed, enlisting public sym
pathy and obtaining a good sum of
money. Before long the bookshelves
became- crowded and removal was made
to the main room of the City Hall,
which has been the home of the library
for two years. There are now 4004 vol
umes on hand, and the popularity of
the library is evidenced by a home cir
culation of 23,000 in the last year. An
appeal by the club to Andrew Carnegie
brought a gift; of $10,000, which was ex
pended on the building soon to be
opened.
The State of Washington is greatly
increasing the scope and efficiency of
its State library at Olympia. A medical
department has been created and 1000
volumes for its shelves have been re
ceived. It is intended ultimately to
make this department as useful to the
medical profession as the law library is
to the legal profession. Within two
years fully $16,000 will be expended on
the State library..
"It was with great difficulty 'that I
managed to proceed with my part to
night, for I have grown so weak that
the slightest exertion exhausts me. I
have been suffering from an attack of
bronchitis and this has been aggra
vated by nervousness resulting from my
anxiety to complete my engagement.
My physician thinks that two weeks of
absolute rest will rid me of my ailment
and allow me to return to the stage a
week later In Denver. It Is on his ad
vice that I have prepared for a trip
to Arcadia."
Pretty Ethel Barrymore has been
ordered by her physician to forsake
the stage for a time and go to a re
treat. At the close of the performance
at the Columbia Theater last evening
it was announced that Miss Barry
more's manager had canceled her en
gagements In Southern California, and
that she would not reappear' on the
stage until her falling health had
shown noticeable improvement. She
expects to go to Arcadia Monday for
a two weeks' rest. If at the end of that
period her physician regards her con
dition as favorable, the young actress
will be permitted to Journey to Den
ver, where, a week later, she is
scheduled to appear.
That her health was falling rapidly
has been known to Miss Barrymore's
intimate friends for several weeks, but
contrary to their advice and that of her
manager and physician, she has in
sisted on fulfilling her engagements.
During last night's performance she
all but collapsed, and after she had
returned to the St. Francis Hotel her
attractive face plainly bore the indi
cations of illness. In discussing her
future Miss Barrymore said:
Miss Ethelwynne Lewis, daughter of
Colonel Thomas H. Handbury, U. S.
engineer corps, will leave for Manila
on the transport Logan, sailing from
here August 1.
Miss Lucile Devol, daughter of Ma
jor C. A. Devol, who has been serious
ly 111 with malarial fever at the Pre
eidio general hospital, is now conva
lescing.
Major Charles G. Starr, from Gov
ernors Island, registered at headquar
ters yesterday, en route to Manila, He
Is at the Occidental.
The transport Sheridan sailed yes
terday from Nagasaki for this port.
Colonel Edgar S. Dudley, professor
of law at West Point, called officially
on General MacArthur yesterday. He
came to the coast for recreation. He
is at the Occidental.
On the evening of August 8, in ac
cordance with orders of General Mac-
Arthur, the regulars are expected to
be on the grounds. The National
Guard of the State will leave their
respective stations on the evening of
August 12.
By order of General MacArthur a
feneral court-martial is appointed to
meet at the camp at Rancho del En
cinal, San Luis Obispo County, Cal.,
at 10 o'clock a. m. on July 28, or as
soon thereafter as practicable, for the
trial of such persons as may be prop
erly brought before it. The detail for
the court is: Captain Lester W. Cor
nish. Ninth Cavalry; Captain Charles
A. Bennett, artillery corps; Cap'tain
Ira A. Haynes, artillery corps; Cap
tain John B. Christian, Ninth Cavalry;
First Lieutenant E. Holland Rubot
tom. Ninth Cavalry; First Lieutenant
Augustine Mclntyre, artillery corps;
Second Lieutenant Edward M. Shin
kle. artillery corps; First Lieutenant
Jesse G. Langdon, artillery corps,
judge advocate.
A batter>- of the Thirteenth Infan
try composed of Companies A, C, Dand
K will leave their respective posts on
July 21 and g-o into camp at the Pre
sidio. They are to form a portion of
the provisional regiment to be com
manded by Colonel W. L. Pitcher that
is to go to Camp Atascadero to take
part in the big fail maneuvers.
Telrgraphic communication directly
Into the Henry ranch was completed
yesterday and is now in full working
order. Stations are now established
at both Atascadero and Asuncion,
having direct communication to
every part of the country wherever
the Western Union lines run. This
will be of great convenience to all
those interested in the maneuvers, as
well as to those participating in them.
The squadron of Ninth Cavalry and
the three field batteries which left the
Presidio on July 6 for Atascadero are
row fully installed in their quarters
there and ar^ getting the camp into
shape to receive the balance of the
troops. The water supply is found to
be more than ample and the mains are
already laid through the camp
grounds and ready for immediate use.
From General MacArthur down
everybody at army headquarters is
now busily engaged in arranging de
tails for the maneuvers to begin on
August 13 at Camp .Atascadero. Col
onel Stephen P. Jocelyn, with his as
sistants, Major \V. P. Duvall and Cap
tain Sydney A. Cloman, who have the
I.reliminary arrangements in hand,
state they are working overtime to
have everything in readiness at the
camp for the reception of the 6000
troops that are to take part In the
maneuvers.
Telegraphic Service Com
plete From Atascadero to
All Parts of the Country
Buildings Throughout Cali
fornia in a Fair Way To
ward Completion and Use
Occasionally a Patrician
Bowwow Is Pinched, but
Few Are Ever Executed
WILL GO TO ARCADIA
Yields to Advice of Her
Physician and Withdraws
Temporarily From Stage
CANINE MORGUES IDLE
WIRES BUN INTO CA3LP
CARNEGIE HELPS MANY
They Give Series of Enter
tainments and Bookshelves
Are Filled With Volumes
Pretty Ethel Barrymore Is
Compelled, by Illness to
Seek a Fortnight's Rest
While Poundmen Kow Dogs,
Goats, Cows and Porkers
Roam Where They Please
General 3IacArthur and His
Staff Give Attention to
Coming Field Exercises
Speculation was rife yesterday as to
the identity of the vessel sighted off the
Australian coast May 4 by the bark
Charles B. Kenney, which arrived Fri
day night from Newcastle, Australia.
Captain Salveson thinks it was the
American ship Great Admiral, which
arrived July 2 at Honolulu, but did not
report having been in any such fix as
was the vessel sighted by the Kenney.
Captain Salveson says he sighted the
vessel May 4, in latitude 25 degrees 25
minutes south, longitude 167 degrees 46
minutes east. The distressed ship was
loaded and of American build, appar
ently of between 1300 and 1500 tons reg
ister. She was painted black and was
metal sheathed, and was steering
southwest in a strong gale from the
east-southeast. She had only lower and
upper mizzen topsails set, the main
topsail having been blown to ribbons,
which were streaming in ragged confu
sion to the wind. The jib boom was
broken in the cap. There was nothing
set on the fore or main mast. The fore
topgallant mast was raking aft so
much that it appeared to be broken in
the cap. There was steam on the don
key engine, supposedly to operate the
pumps, as the vessel appeared to be
leaking. No signals were set, however,
and the Charles B. Kenney, which was
about a mile to windward, made no ef
fort to get any closer.
WOMEN'S CLUBS
AID LIBRARIES
ARMY WORKING
FOR MANEUVERS
YOUNG ACTRESS
CANCELS DATES
ANIMAL HOBOES
ESCAPE ARREST
Captain Salveson of the Bark Charles B. Kenney Gives
Further Particulars of the Plightof the Vessel He Sighted
Off Australian Coast and Whose Identity Is Unknown
AMERICAN SHIP BATTLING AGAINST
THE HEAVY SEAS AND FIERCE WINDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 24, 190*.
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
3Iorements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or af S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C.. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
47
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦*TferiOHTGAS.ENGINES
in use in .65 zc. p. 3-craxroE2t "uhiob" hasxhs zzranro.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oiL Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
UnionGasEntine Compai^^^^SuKatherlne Tlngley, the "Purple
Mother" at the head of the Point
Loma "home," won a point yesterday
In the Supreme Court in'her damage
suit for libel against Harrison Gray
Otis of the Los Angeles Times. She
began her suit In San Diego and Otis
asked that the case be tried in Los
Angeles. His petition was denied in
the Superior Court and the Supreme
Court declines to Interfere. Appeals
on several features of this same case
are under consideration by the Su
preme Court. ; ';"
Mrs. Tingley Wins a Point.
Rev. John A. B, Wilson, pastor of
the Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church, having solemnized 1000 mar
riages since coming to California in
November, 1895, a number of the
couplea who have been married by
him have decided to celebrate this
event by a banquet. Table3 will be
spread^ at the church, corner of Mar
ket, Noe and Sixteenth streets, on
August 25 from 7 to 11 p. m. A fee
of 75 cents will be charged for each
person attending.
Banquet Pastor Wilson.
It has been decided that the various
organizations- of the National Guard
will leave the several points of ren
dezvous for the encampment in San
Luis Obispo next month so as to arrive
at Atascadero, one mile and' a quarter
from the camp, on the morning of
August 13.
The First Infantry will leave the
Third and Townsend street depot at
8:30 p. m. on August 12 and arrive at
Atascadero at 8:30 the following
morning. Troop C, cavalry, will be
picked up on the way.
The Second Infantry will start from
Sacramento in two sections, leaving at
8 and 8:10 p. m., scheduled to reach
destination at 9 o'clock the following
morning. Cars containing Troop B,
cavalry, will be . attached to one of
these trains.
The companies of the Fifth Infantry
north of San Francisco will reach f this
city by 7:30 p. m. and will proceed to
the Third and Townsend street depot.
•On the way the train will take up the
How the Several Organizations Will
Be Transported to the School of
Instruction.
MOVING STATE TROOPS
FOR THE ENCAMPMENT
cars containing the company at San
Jose and the ! one from Lrlvermore.
which will meet the train at San Jose.
The Sixth Infantry will assemble at
Bakersfleld, where the companies
from that city, Visalla, Hanford,
Fresno and Merced will start by the
Santa Fe at 6 p. m. on August 12 and
reach Stockton in time to be atached
to the Southern Pacific train leaving
there at 1:30 a. m. ; ; -
The Seventh Infantry will 8 tart In
two sections from Los Angeles on
August 12, one leaving at 8 p. m. and
the other half an hour later. Troop
D's cars will be attached to one of the
Los Angeles trains.
The First Battalion of Artillery will
leave the Third and Townsend street
depot at 10 p. m. on the night of Aug
ust 12. Troop A will also go on that
train. This train is scheduled to reach
Atascadero at 10 o'clock the next
morning.
Aside from getting ready for camp
little has been done during the week
in the local armories. Some, time ago
the announcement was made that Col
onel Thomas F. O'Neil would not be
a candidate for re-election as colonel
of the First Infantry, but last week
this was denied.
When President Zelaya, chief execu
tive of the Central American republic
of Nicaragua, commissioned Pancho
Renasco to proceed to California with
$12,000 in Nlcarguan money and pur
chaso a pair of horses for the Presiden
tial carriage, he paid a higher tribute
to Renasco's judgment than to the
shrewdness of the California horse
trader.
Renasco came, bought and the horse
trader conquered.
Renasco was a passenger on the liner
Peru, which sailed yesterday for the
Central American coast He had en
gaged passage for the Presidential
horses and was at the Mail dock early
yesterday morning when the horseflesh
bought with Zelaya's $12,000 arrived at
the wharf.
In American money the commission
er's horse fund was worth about $1500.
Upon his arrival here he made a tour
of the State in search of steeds of fettle
fit to grace Nicaragua's carriage of
state. At San Jose he found th'e man
who had just what Renasco wanted.
• "There's a team that President
Roosevelt has tried to get. I'm a
Democrat, however, and was not anx
ious to make the sale. They're yours
for $1500. They're worth more, but
Roosevelt Is worrying the life out me
and It's worth something to me to have
them taken out of the country."
There was a mare of uncertain age,
whose framework of bone was in ob
trusive evidence. Her eyes were sunken
and she seemed sad yesterday when
the longshoremen ushered her into a
box and hoisted her aboard the Peru.
"Bones are a sign of breeding," the
dealer had told Renasco. "I kept her
thin so that whoever bought her could
satisfy himself she was all there and
sound. It was the curve of those ribs
that first fascinated Roosevelt."
The mare's mate was a red-eyed
stallion, with a habit of testing the
temper of his teeth on whatever or
whoever happened to wander, within
his reach.
"The only pair of carriage horses of
Its kind in America," the dealer had
said.
The stallion was driven into a box.
Captain Wilson said, "Hoist away.*
The Peru's \vinc.h started and up went
the box .full of stallion.
. There was a pause between the end
of the ascent and the hauling of the
box inboard. When the winch stopped
the stallion began.
He kicked out the rear gate of his
suspended stall.
"Hurry up," said Captain "Wilson.
The stallion's hurry was greater,
however, and before the echo of Wil
son's voice died out four hoofs and a
set of sharp teeth were playing havoc
with the swinging stall.
It rained kindling wood and tenpenny
nails for a short but exciting spell.
Then came a crashing of timbers and
down on the wharf fell a breathless
and badly bruised stallion.
Pancho Renasco sailed on the Peru
with the undamaged half of his Amer
ican bargain. If the stallion can be
patched up it will be forwarded later.
"Americans can't ship horses," said
a Nicaraguan on the wharf.
"They know how to sell them."
though," volunteered a bystander, j
Steed Bought for President
of ' Nicaragua Refuses to
Board Steamship Peru*
DOES NOT LIKE
FOREIGN BOSS
Tim Daly hurled a rock through a
window of 3715 Mission street, occupied
by the Ricksmith family, and the mis
sile narrowly missed Miss Rose Rick
smith, who happened to be in the
apartment it entered.- The RIcksmlths
did not know Mr. Daly, nor had he
ever known the RIcksmlths, and his
only defense for the rock-throwing was
drunkenness. If he pays $6 damages
Judge Fritz may dismiss the charge^ of
malicious mischief on which he was
arrested. - •
When the veteran pleader asked for
a further continuance of the case In
which he represented the defendant, a
female vagrant. Judge Fritz asked him
why and he reluctantly said that his
client was not present.
I'll continue it," said his Hon
or, "after I have gone through the
usual preliminary of forfeiting her bail
and issuing a bench warrant for her
arrest."
The veteran pleader gasped thrice ere
he could command speech. Then he
exclaimed: "If you forfeit th&t
woman's bail I'll drop dead right hera"
"From which I infer that your pe
cuniary Interest In her extends beyond
the possibility of receiving a fee," said
the Judge. "Well, as I don't care to
have the court mussed up by you drop
ping dead and to avert arraignment for
murder, I'll allow the ball to stand till
next Monday. Then it will be forfeited
sure if she fails to appear."
• • •
The suggestion will probably be
adopted by the . forces on the top
floor.
These are bad days for the chronic
male vagrants who fall afoul of a Po
lice Judge. From the orchards and
vineyards comes a cry for labor at good
wages and the able-bodied vagabonds
arrested in the city get no opportunity
to plead inability to find employment.
Half a dozen of him, in various stages
of dirt and dilapidation, were reviewed
by Judge Fritz yesterday morning and
each was sent to Jail for a term that
will not expire until the fruit-picking
season is long past.
"These fellows seem to prefer Im
prisonment to work," said his Honor,
as the motley gang shuffled away, ap
parently more gratified than distressed
by their sentences, "and I think that
corporal punishment administered with
a club by a stalwart policeman would
do more to rid the city of their pres
ence than I can do by sending them to
idleness In Jail."
"They fear clean water more than
hard knocks," Bald Attorney Harris,
"and if they knew that a drenching
from a fire hose under high pressure
awaited them upstairs they would shun
San Francisco."
nounced that he was aweary of being
juggled -and he would plead guilty to
anything the court might suggest, aa
he desired to- go to Jail with something
like a definite term of incarceration
ahead of him. The Judge promptly
took him at his word and prescribed
sixty days and now Assistant District
Attorney Harris Is raking the code in
effort to find some specific offense
which can consistently be recorded as
that to which Private Cook pleaded
guilty. The court was as tired of the
case as the defendant.
William St. Clair Gloster, charged
with killing A. J. Funk last Sunday
morning on Kearny street, was held to
answer for murder to the Superior
Court by Judge Fritz, who declined to
After renting a room somewhere In
the Western Addition' and depositing
therein his gripsack, Julius Kohler
went out and drank bo much beer that
he lost recollection of where he dwelt.
While seeking his apartment he twice
called at 36 Birch avenue and in
quired if he lived there, and the sec
ond answer In the negative enraged
him to such an extent that he became
abusive, whereupon the lady of the
house blew three shrill blasts of a
whistle. The policeman who promptly
responded caught a glimspe of Kohl
er's coattall as it flew around a corner,
and then began a stern chase that
covered many blocks.
In the court of Judge Conlan a plea
of drunkenness was entered by Mr.
Kohler and his conduct was so queer
as to create a suspicion that his mind
was rather awry. The case was con
tinued till Monday, by wolch time the
person from whom he rented the room
may have learned of his predicament
and come to the rescue.
The officers say they found Miss Ker
nandaz en dishabille and Mr. Raymond
fully clothed, and that the apartment
looked as if effort had been made to
reduce Its furniture to Junk. The wom
an eaid the man did it, his only provo
cation being the fact that she on her
way home from the theater had spoken
to a gentleman who had spoken to her
first. Mr. Raymond, she averred, was
intensely jealous, though, goodness
knew, he had no reason to be, as she
appreciated her wifely dignity and al
ways was particular to comport herself,
on and off the stage, as a perfect lady.
But even If ehe had been as unfaithful
to her nuptial vows as he evidently
suspected her of being, was that any
reason why he should tear their mar
riage certificate to bits, throw the bits
In her face and then attempt to let out
her life blood by puncturing her heart
xrlth one of her own hatpins? Surely,
a married woman, especially when that
married woman is a favorite of the
znuslc-Iovtng public* has a right to
treat with courtesy a gentleman who
courteously addresses her on the street.
Bhe could treat her masculine admirers
politely without accepting their Invita
tions to supper, and she was sure that
a man who had been In the show busi
ness as long as George Raymond
should know that It Is bad policy for a
woman In the show business to snub a
Johnny outright. She was wedded to
her art when George Raymond alien
ated a Dortlon of her affection, but he
couldn't expect her to let him retain
that portion if he persisted in behaving
as he had Just then behaved.
George Raymond was surly and ab
stained from giving the police any ex
planation of his conduct further than
to express an opinion that he "guessed
a man's wife was his wife and he had
a right to discipline her."
The hatpin and the fragments of the
marriage certificate are held as evi
dence In the case.
After delighting a large and cultured
audience In a .Montgomery avenue con
cert hall last Friday night Miss Hazel
Hernandez, billed as "the bewitching
little eniDress of scng," went to her
apartment lna lodging-house on Kear
ny street, near Clay, and there became
engaged In an altercation with her
husband, George Raymond, who holds
headline distinction on the programme
of the north Bide temple of vaudeville,
where he does a dialect monologue
stunt Miss Hernandez and Mr. Ray
mond do not tell exactly the same story
as to what occurred In the room be
tween the time of her arrival there and
the moment v.hen she stuck her head
through an open window and shouted
"Po-leece!" many times in high C
sharp. Bhe was still shrieking when
Policemen Charles Brown and Al Hol
nian, who ran from the Hall of Justice
when her first note rang out, clirnbed
the etairs and burst open the door. It
Is upon what they then saw and heard
th?t Judg* Conlan will depend when he
hears the charge of disturbing the
peace against the actor and the actress
next Wednesday.
William Cook, a 6oldler, pleaded guil
ty to something and Judge Fritz gave
him sixty days in the .County Jail. He
was arrested for attempting to de
fraud a restaurant man at the Pre
sidio by presenting a check purporting
to have been signed by an army pay
master, but when it was discovered
that one of the Initials in the signature
was not that of the paymaster in ques"
tion the charge of forgery fell through.
Then the prosecution substituted a
charge of passing a fictitious check,
but that accusation, too, went to pieces
when it was ascertained that no money
was received by the defendant. While
the prosecution was thinking up anoth
er charge, the defendant's dishonest in
tent being apparent, the defendant an-
"Dey won't let me have de dough be
cause dey fink I'm under de age of
respenserbility," said the pugilist to
the Judge.
"If you are old enough to put money
in bank you certainly are sufficiently
aged to draw It out again," was the
Judicial tip.
Augustus looked as if he had seen
about twenty summers. He and Whit
ner had hired a horse and buggy and
driven the animal until It was crippled.
Milton Whitner and Manuel Augus
tus, accused of cruelty to animals, told
Judge Fritz that they were unable N to
raise any money to pay a fine. Then
the policeman who arrested them
stated that Augustus was a prizefighter
and had recently deposited in bank
$100, which he won by knocking out
an opponent.
"You'd better draw on your bank
account," said the Judge to the pugi
list.
"You're drunk, and if you don't
gwan I'll put you where you can't get
any drunker," was Desmond's retort.
The man staggered away, but about
five minutes later reappeared at the
same spot, and, triumphantly holding
up. a small wooden clock for the po
liceman's Inspection, shouted:
"I said you were wrong, and that
clock proves I'm right."
But the clbck proved nothing, as
one of its hands was missing and It
looked as if it had been out of com
mission for years.
"Where did you get that clock?" the
officer inquired.
"Got it in a church around there,"
was the reply.
With man and clock In custody the
policeman visited all the churches In
the neighborhood, but all of them
were closed and none of them showed
evidence of recent burglarious entry.
Then the prisoner and the evidence
were taken to prison.
Before Judge Conlan yesterday the
man remembered that his name was
John Powers, but there his memory
stuck. He had no recollection of the
incident narrated by the policeman,
nor— had he the remotest idea of how
he became possessed of the clock. The
case was continued for further Inquiry.
Patrolman Desmond was standing at
Tenth and Howard streets Friday
afternoon when a man under the In
fluence of stimulants politicly asked
him as information as to the time of
day.
"It's about 4 o'clock," said the po
liceman.
"You must be crazy," exclaimed the
Inebriate.
• • •
"You did perfectly right," said
Judge Conlan to Mr. Alexander, who
had been arrested and charged with
battery' "and it gives me extreme
pleasure to dismiss the charge against
you."
Mrs. Henry Alexander informed her
husband that an unknown man had
Impudently asked her to accompany
him to Golden Gate Park, and Mr.
Alexander at once started out and
Bought the unknown until he found
him. whereupon he knocked him
down.
nx ball. The preliminary examina
tion did not develop -any fact* other
than were brought out by the Cor
oner's Inquest, which resulted in a ver
dict of manslaughter. Gloster struck
Funk w'hlle the men were walking
along'the street together and Funk fell,
his head striking the curb with such
force as to fracture his skull.
EMPRESS OF SONG SCREAMS
AND HUSBAND WRECKS ROOM
I Miss Hazel Hernandez Tells Police That Her Actor-Spouse,
in Jealous Rage, Tore to Bits Their Marriage Voucher and
Attempted to Puncture Her Heart With Her Own Hatpin
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, HJLY 24, 1904:
H© was sure that "Old Ollt Edge Whiskey"
was good for him because he had "Inside" tn
icnnatlya. Wlehmaa. Lutgen & Co.. S. V.
A -word to the unwise is superfluous.
Love is blind— and the homely drl 13
glad of It.
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules' • *
48
4
Restored by Ismar After Being
Given Up for^Lost.
L . ¦-—¦¦¦
¦ The following letter is an unsolicited I ers to cure diseases. I would be pleased
testimonial from the mother of a little if you publish this letter for the benefit
child that was pronounced beyond hope ot those who are in despair or in need of
of recovery Read It. > our hel P»' Yours gratefully,
or reco>ery. Kead it. y ilRS F L THOMAS.
-» v Pinole, Cal.
/ j<^*5S5^\ The above letter was voluntarily sent
I itSji\. to Ismar. She never requests nor pays
AK A iO^tc^t^tSsA < 3* tor testimonials. They come to her en-
/ kl\/ feJ /irt^»?HK5«l 'J\"'L tlrely unsolicited. Furthermore, she
/ U ¦ s - r '5=>5y - ii'd* m " V T never published a letter or testimonial
•»-*£S?53fvJv '.<&r*5%* /SN^\ - unless requested to do so by the writer
*- >i^ e -5> "yl 'W^^7c~zfZ&t ?>\ Remember this: That Ismar can do for
**^g^//Af«K^W-2^wr Vl l you what she has done and Is doing for
f^tV others. If you are ailinp. call on her.
<^^lY«ffl,i|S|jfr-*--.~-^y I'jHA She can cure you if possible. If you are
wyil fyy'j5^S&!r*£+¥ vl<tS. ln troub le Ehe can aid you. If you are in
*--"2%g^/£?»»'*^S^7 ¦'* ff 2i\ business or are about to enter into busi-
y'JfiJJ^vy^ ¦^•¦l* fJ? r i <% <~- ness, she can tell you how to succeed. If
/ji£%<^p ' VS f fJ v * you are Bu ccessful, she can tell you how
MKkrai v* '< t0 lncreap e your success. Don't marry
I ITs&iijttLi j^JrJ&* ' J&- •<¦> i x before seeing Ismar; she may aavo you
tfc^)$&''$t$& 1 & J^**^ ? lA \ untold misery. In any ense, she can tell
ft^rTOiS^.vi'C—^ ' ' '/''A ' you how to be happy. Know your future,
1 1 P\ S yi ;/: •- V^??- 1^*-^''?*! / by a11 means. Some of the most success-
' i 'fWirl' ' 'H* W^ ~ f ful and Prosperous men and women In
;¦ \ fl-mrx-M,* *^V>'/W> _ business, society and politics never make
. „ a move of Importance without first con-
Ismar can do as much for you. See her suiting Ismar. Don't let foolish doubta
*t once. deter you. SEE HER NOW.
, . _ e , July 15 > i^ 04 - Her readings by mall are as successful
Madam Ismar: Seeln? so many of your as her readings In person. Three aues-
thtnkful people testifying: openly for tions answered for $1.00. Pull life read-
xrhat you have done for them. I also ing for $5.00. Send money by Wells-
want, to thank you from the bottom of Fargo or Postofflce money order or by
my heart for what you have done for my registered letter. Address Ismar. 1104
child. "Without your help she would now Market St., , San Francisco, Cal.
be In her gravi. for the doctors had Office hours — 10 a. m .to 5 p. m.: WT2D-
plren her up. To-d?.y she is well and a , NESDAYS, 10 A. M. to 8 P. M. Sundays,
utlng evidence of your wonderful pow-llO a. m. to 12 ia'
-AT HALE'S
First of the Fall Styles
Women's Walking Suits
Women told us yesterday if they went to an exclusive tailor they would have to pay $40 to
equal these $22.50 'styles'. )
We knew they were good ; we knew they were better than
/'~^®9w\ anything we have had before. We started out to make them so —
</^ ;'y^. started out to have a plentiful variety of better fall styles for school
N '."'" teachers to choose from before school opening. We don't be-
Heve t"here will be another such opportunity later; certainly
\ there won't be any prettier styles- or any more perfect tailoring
Sj|jr /WffilPHMt - t^ ian y° u vv *^ nc * erc now#
*lw^Xr^^'\%llli*^V '^' ie k est tailors in the country hare worked on th;rn; exclusive ara.
\^§¥ ¥\h^tX^J'^^% That's why the styles are exclusive; every one with *n individuality of its
>^^^iiy^^^W^^^ Supposing you were a tailor and all at once had an order ten tines
v \W$$^%nll as k' g as >' ou were accustomed to have come in. Wouldn't you put ia
\^vfV§vtfj/ in I better work and make better prices? These raea did, and the benefits
'jmm ¦ Suits at $16.50 and $22.50
/^^MlsM llMiirm. $25.00 and $30.00 would be reasonable prices for thera ordi-
fllifiil ISll^^&K narily. And all new fall styles. Some with short jackets ; others
JwMMfll lillivSS^^ blouse effects with short peplum. Brown, grays and blues. The
/ *i/w llwfl ¦ liWliVwvv^ new velvet collar anc^ c^ * or s in e^'ide 11 " on many of them.
'|^Wr^>^ They are trimmed with braid and buttons. We haven't seen pret-
1^ tier suits. We would like to have you see them, whether thinking
WIN!™ °^ buying or not. And we will make alterations free on every one.
«oS , ! -^ It's striking how perfectly the many weVe sold already fit and how
% few the alterations we have had to make so far. $16.50 and $22.50.
Male's: For School Supplies
Hioh school, grammar school and primary books — no matter what you may need — thinb of
Hole's.
T?,.«rvtV.;tiiT from c1q^a n*»nri1q for the little ' And here are Soliool Bar* of cotton, elo««Iy iro^«n. wrOi
Everything irom slate pencils ior xnc uiuc » draw string. 100 «ad aao. The u«i? Btndant* B^dtte^
tots just starting, to Virgil s Aeneid and other to keep their books together.
k™->L-c fr\r tVin^p iii<;t ahout to enter COlleffC Cotton School Bars, with sida handles. X80. And h«r«
books lor tnose just apout xo cnier cuncgc. are the Zupnet| liko to carry thelr book3 g^
Prices as low as you will find anywhere. -q ; and«o. ;-/•".;
T7 11 1 Kna t\f "nraivino" BtT SST B *owal» School Book Bafi,
Full line Of Drawing <^ e**^ ffl^^9^^. wlth *ood strong corners and a
Paper, Crayons, Slates, Pen- -trap aso each.
x cljjv.1, t j Jty '^^[ ~* — 1*^ Slat* Pencil*. 13o a huadx»4.
cils, Drawing Books, Eras- 000*2*^ Good ones. too.
Market Street, Near Sixth in V£l <*"* "° t0T 144 Bl —
¦•¦ A I ri ALiL o .^^—
Commences To=Morrow, Monday, July 25th
_»¦ C - Curtin made a fortune in the dry goods business and has re-
pioneer dry goods man tired with a competence. Thousands of families have made Cur-
% retiring from business j fl n ' s Grand Dry Goods Store their shopping center for a generation.
H(. C. Purtin, Who' Opened Store .n 1862, $. T1 " ,. . ~ . • 1 r ,V , ... , , . , .. r , .
sei. 9 stock to Hai o Br,s. g£ 1 hey are a living testimonial of the reliability and desirability of his
• In tW2,.when San Kranrl>>o was a vl!|* c «, f;®!* lTT-11 C "
•'¦' J^y^l^M^^^i isl merchandise and the lowness of his prices. Therefore when we tell
thp site of the Kerry buUdl/ig part ot the bay. j~? . , , rrrxj/ ,i 111 . .. ' „. .
S^^^^S«a^ssi ar you we paid only 52^c on the dollar of Mr. Curtin s cost and that the
Irtll , Dr/ Goods 3toro." . £'
•1 . ThcD Second Strret was the California strwt "
Klii N%vS* *Th. C M5J? California j *S fl I P Mt'ti^PK i/jiU flfiOtTtCFO
"Xlf energy, appealed to him strongly He haw a ?. kJ LLLXZ JL t lUCJ \AS ILL %/X U %2 g {£}£%?
iofa$ Wg future !o Sin I-Ynrchro but In n dlfTere:.i / ' , - O
I Mil w«y t*°m the roujority of- men. His little ¦ \
«tor"« on Second street was proof of the ar. u- 4t . » , - •
IB SawS^|S«E?| 1 Ahout 4- Former Prices
A«en- years on Second ftreet Mr Curtin was for C ?a / JL EL AJ \J? &4L \j^ *} ML V/ JL R & JL V* A. JL UL il <&
**•&'• In 1870 to «e»k larger quarters and establish * M
Uftnd j,, ms< | f in twp 6lores-601 andyfcC3 Marke. v
S S»HSrS^s^K You will realize the tremendous opportunities we are about to of-
fe?Sd will remeSber how tbrse tfro firms competeJ. . fT r
l^i^!!- feryou. The stock consists of General Dry Goods, Fancy Goods,
"1-18 cbaadlslcg •* J ' J r
i ' Cloaks and Furnishing Goods. Our windows are filled with bar-
*n- • Now Mr Curtin. tha other pioneer dry good* *-'
fe SsSSSSSSsSE^: . 8 ain chances which will appeal to you immediately and give yoii
J«r« , 0 car | nB for his rarlous outside lnter'r*t« 4. •Iftf.^i 1 1
T i§^^^^ffl!!K^iS?| an idea of what this" sale means to the purchasing public.
Z their »t<*k w.N-bouRbt by Hale Bros.. Inc. a k a *«». r K Of*.
private talc Now. upon the r. Mrem-nt of «"H
> r " Sale Starts To*Morrow, Monday, July 25th
Extra salespeople, wrappers and deliveries have fiS/ x^^^s Early mornin Z topping will be found most
standard of Hale scrjice may be main- /Msf /r^-*^*^+ " - ma00^
Gained. 01 **^Z3$®O& OOOO^^^^ ' to ' morrow Wonday) morning.
IIALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
IIALE'S.
ISMAR.
\ Ton can bny, sen and ex-
changes OFFICE OR HOUSE-
HOLD FURNITURE to advant-
age through our WANT \T>
COLUMNS.
Our advertisers will qnote yon
prices. *