VOLUME XCVI— NO/ 38.
SAN FRANQSCO,. FRIDAY,; JULY -S,; 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Conservatives Carry the Election.
LONDON. July 7. — A bye election
yesterday at Chertsey to fill the va
cancy caused by the resignation of
John J. Fyler (Conservative), re
sulted in the election of Lord Bingham
(Conservative). The campaign was
fought almost wholly on the question
of admitting Chinese labor into the
Transvaal. This the Liberals declared
tantamount to slavery.
As the noise began to subside Chair
man Williams, seized a huge mega
phone and endeavored to announce that
the recess had ended and .it was time
for the convention to come to order.
There was still so much confusion
as the huge -gathering was trying to
compose itself that the chairman's
voice, even through the megaphone,
was hardly audible. It was finally as
certained that the committee on cre
dentials was ready to report.
Just at this Instant Mr. Bryan arose
in his place and began making his way
to the platform. As soon as this was
observed up went the convention again
on its feet and the cheers arose with
fresh vigor. When Mr. Tryan mounted
the platform young Deford. one of the
secretaries, got' on a table next to the
presiding officer and. throwing both
arms into the air. shouted and waved
The Hearst men and Tammany men
were prepared to meet it by a Parker
counter outburst of their own.
rieda blue silk banner inscribed "Geor
gia Parker delegation" every time they
marched into the hall, at once waved
it high and started toward the plat
form. An enthusiastic delegate from
South Carolina caught the sign of his
State from its staff, tore up the steps
and after brandishing the red and white
disk wildly shook it at the Bryan and
Hearst men and then placed it fiat
against the blue banner, as though he
w;as nailine the flag of his country to
a' masthead. The Parker men came up
swiftly now, and before the South
Carolina, man had lowered his hand the
men from Arkansas, Alabama and
Pennsylvania were turning over chairs
and pushing their way through the
aisles toward him. After Pennsylvania
came Mississippi. New Jersey. Tennes
see. Indiana. Louisiana, Texas, Connec
ticut and Virginia.
The demonstration had resolved It
self into, a. Parker outbreak more than
a testimonial to Bryan, and It so re
mained to. the finish, which was eight
een minutes after Bryan, entered the
hall. . ;
The Parker men claim that they had
information before entering the hall
that the Bryan demonstration had been
prearranged.
• ST. LOUIS. July 7.— With the prom
ise- of' a contest of gladiators over', the
adoption of the report of the committee
on credentials, the convention hall filled
early -for the afternoon session. Long
before the delegates began to arrive
the gafleries filled. .The band gave a
concert, which was appreciated and ap
plauded, and every number was en
cored. . ' ' .
William J. Bryan was given an ova
tion when he entered the hall just prior
to the. opening of the afternoon session
of the convention. He was half-way i
down the aisle when he was lirst recog
nized.',There, came a terrific yell from
a group of delegates in the rear of the
hall, and instantly it was caught up by
t he ; crowd, and the cheers rolled up in
a roar.- Mr. .Bryan passed down the
aisle, picking: his way through the del
egates, who were massed in the aisles.
He paid no. attention at first to the
demonstration, but quietly sought his
seat. The galleries joined in the cheer
ing,'hundreds of the crowd standing up
In ¦ their chairs and waving hats and
handkerchiefs frantically. The band
struck up and the friends of Bryan, be
lieving this to be an effort to smother
their shouts, yelled: louder than before.
A man climbed to the chairman's table
and began to wave his ; arms uj> and
down, shouting unintelligibly. In a mo
ment Williams caught sight of him;
and ; grabbing the enthusiast by the
trousers' hauled him down. A wild
frenzy * Of '.yells followed ¦ the act. of a
Nebraska delegate-, who seized the Ne
braska-standard and .waved It high In
the v air. -Delegates from Kentucky,
SQuth Dakota, Iowa, Missouri and Mon
tana took the cue, and catching up
their signs hastened j with them, to the
Nebraska delegation, where they waved
them : in a circle around the Nebraska
sign.". *;.- : ' , ", ~ -V ¦ . '" '.-'*'.
¦'. Daniel J. Campau of Michigan, a gold
Democrat,\dld his best to lead the en
thusiasm by rushing up the steps lead-
Ing io the chairman's platform and
waving his hat w ; lldly. ' •
MEMO RESCUE.
.The, Parker men at once' sought to
offset the Bryanr demonstration by
cheers on their side. The men of the
South' came to the front in 'this effort;
; and*the ; Georgia v delegation, . who car-
Bryan Presents Minority Substitute,
but It Is Swept: Aside by a Vote
of 647 to 299.
REPORT OF CREDENTIALS
COMMI TTEE IS ADOPTED
The followers of Hearst were march
ing through the streets to-night ani
taking possession of the hotel lobbies,
with bands and drum corps and ama
teur orators. , It is their last demon
stration and they are denouncing Judtre
Parker In unmeasured terms. Hearst'3
name will be presented to the conven
tion, as will that of Wall of Wisconsin.
It is not probable that the names of
Gorman, Gray or Olney will be pre
sented. Their supporters will go to
Parker.
Bryan's fight on the platform to-mor
row is no longer feared. In fact, it will
help serve the adoption of a more con
servative platform than was believed
possible a few days ago. The conserva
tives will now voVe for anything Bryaa
opposes.
Among those whose names are con
nected with the second-place gossip are
Governor Alexander M. Dockery of
Missouri and David R. Francis of Mis
souri, David R. Kern of Indiana, James
R. Williams of -Illinois, Senator John
W. Daniel of Virginia, Governor
Charles B. Aycock of North Carolina
and former Senator George Turner of
Washington. £ i. ; .'*
Quite an effort has been made to con
centrate on Francis, and a similar ef
fort for Kern. The Carollnas are for
Aycock, and the Virginia delegation to
night secured the consent of Senator
Daniel for the presentation of tys name.
Conferences on this subject were held
late in the night and probably will con
tinue during the convention hours to
morrow.
There is a report to-night that the
Illinois delegation, under instructior.3
for Hearst, may feel that It Is no longer
obligated to vote for him. because th>*
Hearst men all joined in the effort t<>
unseat It. At all" events It would seem
that Illinois is in a position to raak. 1
Parker's nomination certain, even if
some of the votes that were in the
negative column should be cast for
other candidates for President.
The anti-Parker men are buildin?
some hopes upon the action of the sub
committee on platform in adopting a
gold standard and are asserting that
some of the Southern States instructed
or pledged for Parker will_ desert him
If the convention adopts the gold
standard plank. Among the States
named in this connection are South
Carolina, Kentucky. Mississippi ami
Texas. This is the only ? apparent hop-;
that the anti-Parker men have to
night.
With the end of the convention in
sight, there is still a chaotic condition
in regard to the Vice Presidency ami
the outlook now Is that a large num
ber of candidates will be voted for
and perhaps several ballots taken be
fore any one Is chosen.
VICE PRESIDENCY GOSSIP.
VENGEANCE UPON" HEARST.
ST. LOUIS, July ?.— Before to-mor
row night the Democratic convention
will have adopted a platform, nom
inated candidates for President and
Vice President and adjourned sine die.
If the programme of the leaders can
be carried out. The Parker men are
now talking of his nomination on the
first ballot, and they are positive that
not more than two ballots at the out
side will be necessary.
The vote to-day on the Illinois case
was the i st. and it was favorable to
Parker. There were 946 votes cast <x£
the 1000 votes in the convention, the
54 of Illinois being withheld. The neg
ative vote on Bryan's minority report
was 647, which is twenty votes short
of the necessary two-thirds to nomi
nate. It represented, with some ex
ception, the Parker strength, although
it had also some of the opposition, in
cluding the 32 votes of Massachusetts.
At the same time there were cast on
'liira£*the-2iJ -rotes or Kentucky and the
18 votes of Louisiana, making 'a total
of 62 votes from States that have de
clared for Parker. Deducting the votes
of Massachusetts and adding the 62
votes of "the Parker States gives a to
tal of 677 votes which may be classed
as Parker, with some exceptions from
the smaller States which did not vote
Parker or anti-Parker on the contested
case. It would seem likely that these
few votes would be balanced by those
who voted In the affirmative to-day
and are likely to vote for Parker to
morrow. But in addition to the 677
votes accounted for there are 54 in
Illinois that are ready to come tt>
Parker when he needs them.
Convention Is^Likely to
Conclude Its Delib
erations To-Day.
Parker Seems Certain
oi Nomination on
First Ballot.
ONLY ONE
ROLL CALL
IS NEEDED
CHICAGO. July 7.— Litigation to the
probable aggregate total of $8,000,000
has been discouraged by a ruling of
Judge Holdom in the Superior Court,
to the effect that the city of Chicago
was not liable in any degree for the
Iroquois Theater fire. A suit by Eva
Catherine Gibson for $15,000 damages
because, of a broken arm and an In
jured spine was the case decided. Sixty
other eults are pending and had the
decision been against the city hundreds
of other actions ¦probabjr.jpft*iid_hav6
Sunorlor Court Rules That City
Cannot Be Held Responsible
for Damages.
CHICAGO NOT LIABLE
FOR IROQUOIS DISASTER
There were numerous Interruptions
and calls . for j recognition, , but the
chairman silenced them, and- Mr. Mo
lina, took .the ..' platform. ¦ ; Mr.vMolJna
spoke briefly, and j received a ripple of
applause i as ; he ; concluded. . . ;
this court and had given Porto Rico
votes and had withheld votes from the
Philippines. . . , , :.,• '¦•.:
"The question," said the "chairman,
"is upon, the. adoption of .the- — " ¦". , '
SENATOR SOUTH INTERRUPTS.
Senator South interrupted/, at' this
point with an expressed desire^ to
speak to the. question and accordingly
took the platform. He. declared, that
it had never been a part of Democrat
ic doctrine to consider the insular pos
sessions as part : of the United States
and he was opposed to such 1 action.
He deprecated the idea of holding the
question in abeyance: until the: report
of the credentials committee was-re
ceived, and asked the ¦ convention, to
vote down that part of the. commit
tee's report. '. . -..:.;••
There were loud. calls. of "question,"
but the chairman again recognized L.
Irving Handy of Delaware, who spoke
in favor of the report and urgedlt3
adoption.- His -expressed hope -that
the day would; come when the Philip
pines could select their, own President
and hold their -own' national conven
tion called forth three cheers. Therii
were renewed cries of "question." • :
"If the gentlemen will remain quiet,"
said the chairman, "thechair can put
it quickly." : "¦¦ - '
On a viva 1 voce vote the "ayes"' were
in a strong-majority. • Senator "South
asked for a; roll call, but this was
heavily voted down by a viva voce
vote. . :_•¦ ¦ -¦ ¦ •¦.' • ' -,;y . .'
"The roll call is declined," said the
chairman, with- a thump of the -gavel.
"The chair •recognizes > the gentleman
from Porto Rico to express his thanks
to the convention," called the chair
man, as A. W. v Molina -of that delega
tion rose in his seat. ;
PERMANENT CHAIRMAN OF THE
CONVENTION AND HERO OF
THE SECOND DAY'S SESSION. .
Mr. South defended the rights of the
Philippine delegates, but finally with
drew his amendment,, arguing for the
adoption of the ' report.
Mr. Grady said the national com
mittee had decided to include Porto
Rico in. the call' of the convention.
The convention had to consider the
question as to whether these delegates
had the right to vote. The Supreme
Court of the United States decided
that Porto Rico was a part of the
territory of the United States. The
same court had decided that the Phil
ippines was not a part of the United
States.;- The committee' has followed
L. Irving Handy made the point of
order that the Philippines were no part
of the United States, and, therefore, the
amendment was not germane.
Senator Jerry South of Arkansas
moved to amend the report as soon as
it was read, so as to make it include
the Philippines. . - ¦ :
The chairman said: "This is a most
important matter. We are about to de
termine whether the Philippine dele
gates shall be entitled to votes in our
National Convention, or whether at the
same time, we declare the Philippines
should not be a part of the United
States. 1 therefore urge you to ue
quiet, that- the motion may have full
consideration."
Mr. Grady. next read the report con
cerning Porto Rico and the Philippine
Islands, accrediting the delegates from
Porto Rico. Demands to have the re
port read were shouted from "the Min
nesota and Wisconsin delegations.
Chairman Williams sharply reprimand
ed the persistence of this demand, say
ing the report would be read if the del
egates would allow It by keeping quiet.
Immediately after the invocation
Chairman Williams called for the re
port on rules and order of business. 1 .
"The gentleman from New York is
recognized," he said.
As he concluded Delegate Thomas
Grady reported for the committee, as
heretofore published. The report was
adopted without opposition or discus
sion. • " •
BUSINESS BEGINS.
approval ran through the convention,
which in a few seconds deepened Into
a round of applause.
The prayer was .brief, and as the
prelate resumed his Beat -a murmur | of
Come. Holy Spirit, enlighten the hearts of
the people and oour forth the fire of thy
divine love. Eend forth thy spirit. O Lord
and they ehall be created, and thou shalt
renem- the face of the earth.
In the name of the Father and the Son and
of th« Holy Ghost, Amen.
There was another group about the
entrance through which the delegates
pass, and that was composed of men
with cameras taking snapshots at tho
more conspicuous ones who figure in
the convention doings.
Chairman Williams was given [ a
round of applause when he appeared.
He had made allowance for the
weather by discarding his waistcoat,
but offset this, a trifle by pinning two
extra sized badges on the outside of
his coat. He carried a large cigar be
twen his teeth, which he rolled and
chewed nervously.
The strain of his long speech of. yes
terday was evident in his voice, which
was weak and hoarse. As soon as he
had produced quiet by the .use of his
gavel he Introduced Archbishop John J.
Glennon of St. Louis, who delivered
the Invocation as follows:
Our Father who art In heaven, hallowed be
thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done
on earth ae it is in heaven. Give us this day
our dally bread and forgive us our trespasser
as we forgive those who trespass against us.
Lead u« not Into temptation, but deliver us
from evil. Amen.
' As the opening hour was advanced
two hours the crowds in the vicinity
of the main entrance were in evidence
much earlier to-day. The scenes of
yesterday were repeated. The throngs
outside the building were largely aug
mented by the collection of those who
watched the delegates as they entered
the hall.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— The Democratic
National Convention reconvened to
day, entering upon the second day's
session. The stirring scenes of yester
day had the effect of heightening in
terest in the assemblage of the Demo
cratic hosts. Again those having tick
ets of admission at their disposal have
been overwhelmed by those who desire
to be spectators. The disappointed ones
of yesterday redoubled their efforts,
hoping to be more successful in gaining
admission to-day.
Committee Quotes a Supreme Court
Decision and Refuses Represen
tation to Philippines.
PORTO RICO DELEGATES
SEATED IN CONVENTION
When the result of the convention
contest was announced the report of
the committee on permanent organiza
tion was made. Representative Champ
Clark, who was chosen permanent
chairman, addressed the convention. He
prepared and gave to the press a speech
of g-^at length. The hour was- bo late
when he gained the platform, however,
that h*> spoke about 300 words and left
his audience to read the remainder.
The net results of to-day'B session
Tvere the adoption of the reports of the
committees on rules, credentials and
permanent organization.
He has had the cheers, but Parker
will pet the votes of the delegates. He
will fight the tilatform as he fought
John p. Hopkins, and he will again be
ft hero, but Parker will be nominated
on the frst ballot.
The radicals mustered onlv 300
votes and a few of them were aeainst
Hopkins and not for Bryan. Nearly
one-half of Ohio voted with Bryan
end South Carolina and Kentucky so
voted, but they will be for Parker.
But Bryan is still smiling and con
fident. He was the hero of this con
vention as much as he was the hero
of that in 1896 and that of 1900. His
i? the only presence that has inspired
«mthuFiasm, his the only name that
has called out wild cheers, his the
only name that has swept the people
into hysteria-
The men in control of the conserv
ative forces also felt that this would
be regarded as a test vote. The time
vas ripe for it. The hysteria in the
ealleries. the confusion in the hall,
the collapse of the presiding officer,
the weakness of the sergeant at arms,
".he necesity for calling upon the po
;ice — in fact, the apparently complete
«\vay of Bryanism — made it necessary
o show that Bryan had been repudi
tted and that conservatism ruled
tmong the delegates.
To have unseated Hopkins would
have been accepted by the radicals as
i victory for conservatism. It would
have been used to bolster the fast fall
r.g opposition to Judge Parker. It
*as necessary to show- that the con
servatives had control of two-thirds
r>f the delegates and that Parker
would be nominated on the first bal
lot. Sentiment and sense of justice
were cast to the winds and the ma
chine rolled over Bryan as it yester
day ignored Cleveland.
STILL, THE PARTY HERO.
The majority of the delegates did not
consider the merits of the Illinois con
test. They voted against Bryan and
relegated him and the issues he repre
bc-ntF to oblivion.
Bryan's comparison of John P. Hop
kins and B*n T. Cable to train robbers
was sensational to the galleries. There
was no reply worthy the name made to
his arraignment. Many of the most
conservative delegates admit that
Bryan was right and justified in the
ttrong language he used and that the
Hopkins delegation ought to have been
unseated; but Hopkins meant sane
democracy and the contestants repre
sented the old Bryan insanity and the
convention did not dare to be just in a
single case without the danger of do
ing injury to the whole party.
THE CASTING OUT OF BRYAN.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— The Democratic
party is reorganized. The convention
ran over Mr. Bryan at 6 o'clock this
evening after four hours of as great a
gallery demonstration for the silver
leader as that in Chicago eight years
ago. when the same kind of a popular
outburst swept the delegates into hys
teria and nominated him for the Pres
idency.
The result to-day was a complete
demonstration of the compact organiz
ation that has been built up around
the candidacy of Judge. Parker, in the
name of conservatism, and its ability
to keep the delegates in line under the
most trying conditions. In fact, many
delegates would have voted for the
cause presented had not that cause
been tied up hopelessly with Bryan and
Eryanism.
Sp«c!a: D!«p«.tcb to The Call.
Grimly the Reorganizers
Yote Him Into Re
tirement.
OYation to W. J. Bryan
Rivals Those of 1896
and 1900.
HERO YET,
THO' SHORN
OF POWER
ST. LOUIS, July 7. — The sub-committee of the Committee on Resolutions has inserted in the platform a gold standard
plank. With an overwhelming majority in the convention, the conservatives are riding over the Bryan wing rough
shod: So complete is Parker's triumph that no other names, save those of Hearst and Wall, will be presented for the
Presidential nomination. Even should- he- fall.- short', on the first rollcall, enough delegations will change their votes to
give him more than the necessary two-thirds.
NEW LEADERS OF THE DEMOCRACY
STAMP OUT FREE COINAGE HERESY
Continued on Paso 2, Column 7.
¦ : /
Forecast mafie at fan Fran
cisco for thirty hoirs ! endtngr
mid.nl g-ht. July 8: f
San Trandcco aid vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled weather Fri
day; posilbly llfflt showers In
the morning; fjesh southerly
winds, changtngyto britk west
erly, with fog. /
A. a. McADTE.
Blstnot Forecaster.
THE WEATHER.
1
THE THEATERS.
'i$X ;-••;.¦£.
Alcazar — "One Summer*! Say."
k Central — "Wedded and Parted."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
t 3Plicher f a— "TH« Uonumi." ~
Grand — "Barbara rrlstchle."
Orpnerun — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Bobixt Hood."
The San Francisco CalGROWS TIRED OF TRYING
TO ELUDE THE DETECTIVES
Sister of Nan Patterson Returns to
. Washington, bat Her Husband
Is SU11 Mlsslnff.
WASHINGTON. July 7. — Assertins
that her husband has left the United
States and that he would not return
until her sister, "Nan" Patterson, 1.-*
brought to trial next fall for the al
leged murder of "Caesar" Young. Mrs.
J. Morgan Smith has returned t<>
Washington and is seeking her old
clerical position in the office of th-i
auditor for one of the Government de
partments.
Mrs. Smith is worn out from th^
continuous traveling from place to
place which she and her husband
have evidently been doing for the last
few weeks while eluding the detec
tives. She is ner-ous and unstrung
from anxiety.
FRENCH WAR MINISTER
MAY RETIRE FROM OFFICE
Meets With Defeat In the Chamber of
Deputies During the Dkeussion
of Reserve Bill.
PARIS. July 7. — During the discus
sion in the Chamber of Deputies to
day of the bill reducing the term of
service of any reserve men, War Min
ister Andre was defeated, which led
to rumors of his possible retirement
from office.
In addition to the.'onevmarv first eject
ed a half dozen menin one of, the bal
conies, who were constantly interrupt
ing the speaker, were. also. put out of
the hall by the police. Senator Mar
tin of Virginia rushed up and ordered
that "the blackguards be, -put -. out,"
and the police: responded quickly.
Bryan then . arose to conclude. He
was again given' a warm welcome of
•cheers. Raising his hand, he made the
request that the .convention should not
take his time. Immediately, there was
silence, y " - . "•
; When he declared he had been at the
committee-room at 3 o'clock . in the
morning and- knew more about the de
tails of the case than those who-ac
cused him. of ignorance he was cheered
to the echo. He. said: . .
The first speaker said that I had not heard
the evidence.'.- 1 rstayed in the subcommittee
of the National Committee and heard evidence
until 3 . o'clock in the morning and I have
heard more evidence than the gentleman who
talked t to you and who Impeached my knowl
edge, of this case..- '• . •:-¦.'»•¦
The -gentleman tries to obtain . credit from
thfc rfport of the National Committee The
National Committee referred this case' to the
Credentials Commute* on the ground that the
National Committee did not have/tlnw to in-
ROWDIES * EJECTED. ,
Resuming hjs speech, he briefly nar
rated the election of himself as chair
man of the convention and of Hop
kins and Calve as the delegates at
large and asked for fair treatment for
his side. . . . ,-
Delegate Richardson .of Alabama,
rising and addressing the chair, de
clared that it was evident that or
ganized attempt was being made to
suppress the facts in the case by pre
venting Quinn -from being heard and
the chairman again threatened to have
the galleries cleared.'
"How about gavel rule?" shouted a
voice from the rear of the hall, allud
ing to one of Bryan's sentences. \
"You want to know about gavel
rule. I'll tell you about gavel "rule,"
replied Quinn.: Before he could con
tinue a disturbance started In the-bal
cony Just back of the alternates' seats
and one disturber was', seized and
ejected by two city policemen;
During the intermission created in
Mr. Quinn's speech by this episode
John P. Hopkins walked up to the
front of the j rostrum and called to
Quinn: "Talk facts, John."
"I'll talk them," replied Quinn.
Quinn was so f recently interrupt
ed by the galleries that Chairman
Williams was forced to appeal to the
convention for him.
He was frequently interupted by the
galleries, and there were loud calls
from the delegates to have the galler
ies cleared. He declared himself, a
Democrat who believed in the 1 right 'of
the majority to rule and one who did
not call. another Democrat a thief un
less he knew him to be one. He was,
he said, defeated himself In 1896, but
did not for that reason arrogate to
himself the right to mix up in other
people's quarrels all over the country.
He declared that Bryan had read to
the convention as his minority report
the brief of one of the attorneys for
the contestants. .
The chair then recognized Frank P.
Quinn of Illinois, who ha.d fifteen min
utes Of time 'in which to conclude the
partisan debate for the contestees. He
said: i -••¦.- •. •.-"¦. •:;
Gentlemen i of j the Convention: I want to
say to you that I am always a Democrat who
believes that the majorlty'of the party should
rule. I im to good a Democrat that I do
not reserve the right to vote until after tho
Democratic convention. ' I am so good a Demo
crat that I • never call a man a train' robber
and a thief unless I know the facts to be fo.
I am so good a Democrat that In isftii. stand
ing upon the platform of the Democratic Na
tional Committee. I stumped the State of Ill
inois and hurled the lie into the teeth of Dem
ocrats and Republicans- who charged that Wil
liam J Bryan was dishonest and a repudiator.
In IRtW 1* ran for the Office of Recorder of my
county'and was defeated, but I never»assumed
therlght by reason of that defeat to nominate
harbor masters. Coroners and mix up in Dem
ocratic petty quarrels all over the State.
Quinn closed with a plea for a fair
hearing.
MANY INTERRUPTIONS.
precedent in the Democratic party.
The Kentleman from Nebraska forcefully said
he believed in the great -elementary principle
of Democracy, that the majority should rul<».
1 stand behind .him and will always follow him
in the advocacy of that principle, but I have
been taught by the Fame great mind that pro
mulgarwl to man" that cardinal, principle s>t
freedom, that the will of the majority must be
ascertained ' .In Some well defined, orderly
method of parliamentary procedure. . - ¦ . ,
The result showed 047 against the
adoption of the minority report and 29'J
for it. J .. >j 1 .
The question then recurred , on the
adoption 'of the majority report. By a
viva voce vote, there being no votes
asrainst it, it was adopted amid such
confusion that the proceedings • were
hardly intelligible.- . ;.;
A Michigan delegate questioned the
announcement of that State and a poll
of the delegation was taken, but the
result was not altered.
Missouri's vote for the substitute was
wildly cheered,. but this was a whisper
to the roar that went up when New
York voted solidly against the substi
tute. This vote adopted the report of
the committee and defeated the substi
tute. : ¦
Pennsylvania voted as New York had
.voted,; and J. P." Garman of that State
demanded a poll, saying that four dele
gates had not been asked for their
votes: The poll was taken, the result
being 11 for the . substitute . and , 57
against.
John S. Rilling of Pennsylvania arosa
in his seat and announced that under
the unit rule . the *vote of the - State
should be cast according to the major
ity, vote and * the chairman sustained
him, thus throwing the State's full vote
against the minority report.
The vote was followed with intense
interest by .the delegates. Mr. Bryan
who remained on the platform while
the roll was called, gave the responses
his undivided attention, but his face
betriy # ed no sign of feeling.
Illinois requested to be passed when
its name was called.
The noes were in a heavy majority
and before the chairman announced
the result of the vote Bryan, who was
on the platform, demanded a roll call.
The demand was promptly seconded,
and the clerk proceeded with .he call.
It was the first test of strength in
the convention and was listened to
with interest.
The Hearst faction cheered every
vote in favor of the substitute and
were supported by those parts of the
gallery which had so frequently in
terrupted the anti-Hearst speakers.
BREAK IN PARKER STRENGTH.
A break in the Parker strength came
when Kentucky voted solidly for the
substitute.
By the time Mirinesota was reached
the vote stood 115 for the substitute
and 247 against.
Chairman Head of the credentials
committee, who followed, accused Bry
an of contributing little to the har
mony he was advocating. Mr. Head
admitted that there were things done
in Illinois which should not have been
done, but the committee nad weighed
the facts and its decision was fair and
unprejudiced. Before he concluded con
versation had been renewed throughout
the hall— the convention was growing
restless.
There were loud cries of "Question"
and "Vote" as Mr. Head retired.
"The question." said the chairman,
"is on the substitution of the minority
for the majority report."
A snappy outburst of applause fol
lowed, but was not prolonged, and the
whole body, delegates and spectators,
showed plainly, the weariness born of
the intense heat and long session.
Bryan spoke In his most earnest
manner. He concluded with an ex
pression of willingness for unity, add
ing: - f
"But God forbid that it should be
under a soiled banner." ¦¦ '
1 APPLAB6E NOT PROLONGED.
Bryan closed with the declaration
that, while he was willing these men
should return to the Democratic party
he did not want the loyal Democrats
forced to "walk beneath their soiled
banner."
vrstlgate the merits and by so doing said that
In some districts there was evidence to show
that questionable methods prevailed. '.
And now this committee listens two hours
and does not give a chance for a single bit
of evidrnc* but only argument, and then tells
you there* was no. fraud and that you ought
lo. seat these contestees. Tho gentleman says
ttratjhe was unanimously re-elected five hours
after., 'he reran his gavel rule. Yes, my
friends, everything done In that coirrention
VVR3 unanimous. If you don't believe it read
tho sworn testimony of the highwayman who
called the convention to order. -The gentleman
my n that he is not a man who bolts or who
watts until after the convention to decide that
he. the man' with a fravel ' rule, tries to 'force
upon the loyal Democrats of his State two
mt n who supported Palmer and Buckner in
!Sf»G. ¦ I
Menzies was bitter at the outset.
When he criticized Bryan for his inter
ference in the Illinois affair there- were
hoots, hisses and applause intermin
gled. Menzies was apparently some
what nettled by the interruptions and
disorder, which were rather marked, in
contrast to the close attention that had
been given Bryan. He shouted out
that he would be heard and the audi
ence would have to remain all the long
er in "this sweat box" if it persisted In
disorder. Several times as Menzies
spoke he was Interrupted by calls and
cries from the balcony just opposite the
speakers' stand, while another gallery
to his left was frequently disorderly.
Menzies concluded amid mingled ap
plause and cries of "protest." He had
spoken Just a quarter of an* hour. In
part he said:
The gentleman from Nebraska dealt In strong
language and positive assertions, I think, un
supported by facts or evidence. I would' like
to know, however, great as he Is, what has
constituted him a court of appeals to pass on a
contest in the State of Illinois, and wherein his
wisdom Is superior to that of the committee on
credentials of this convention. Great as he is
he Is not to omniscient that he can know a
case without ever having heard It.
The main question at the very pith of the
controversy Is whether the constituted authori
ties of the party acting under the forms of po
litical procedure and bound by the party, nhall
be recognized here, or whether a case based on
ex pane evidence, upon bare assertion without
facts to support It, will be recognized as a
Delegate Menzies of Indiana, a mem
ber of the credentials committee, was
then recognized in opposition to the
minority report. i ~ ?: ' \ "
AUDIENCE BECOMES UNRULY.
, Mr. Bryan occupied twenty minutes
and asked to be given ten minutes to
conclude after the other side had been
heard. The cheering which followed
his conclusion lasted several minutes,
and the audience showed a disposition
to become unruly.
"I shall ask the police to attend to
persons persisting in the disturbance/',
declared Chairman Williams. Then,
pointing his finger over to the left, he
demanded: "Officer, go over. to that
West Virginia banner and. if that man
does not desist from his disturbance
take him out."
The chairman's firmness had the de
sired effect. ; •
ARRAIGNS QUINN'S METHODS.
Bryan severely arraigned the meth
ods of State Chairman Quinn and Con
vention Chairman Quinn in suppress
ing opponents in the State convention
and appealed for rah- treatment of the
Illinois Democrats. He continued:
That convention was so openly, so notori
ously a gang-ruled and gang-run convention
that two or the men who had been out and
had made a canvass in the State for Governor
refused to be candidates before that conven
tlon. And I honor Judjre Prcntlss of Chicago
and Mayor Crolius of Jollet. I honor these
men who refused to go out as candidates of
that convention, and If Hopkins and Cable had
any respect for the rights of a majority to
rule they (would be ashamed to be here.- the
representative o f a minority. But, my friends.
If they hav« not learned to be ashamed • to
misrepresent a great State you ought to teach
them that they cannot do it with the approval
of the Democratic party of the United States.
Mow their «ln • rests -upon these men. You do
not bear It. But when you. if you do. decide
to seat these men. these delegates from tho
districts against the evidence presented in
regard to the contestants from the districts
and these two national delegates In spite of
£71 members — if you do that you take from
the shoulders of Hopkins and Cable and Quinn
the odium that they bear and put It upon the
Democratic party of the nation and Indorse
that Ettempt.
You have not this condition in other States
to-day, but let this convention Indorse this
conduct and the next national convention will,
see more than one State here as the result of'
gavel rule. And It is because this question
transcends the Interests of any State or any
candidate or any faction that I am here to
present the minority report and to ask you to
do to the Democrats of ' Illinois the justice
that this gang denied them, deliberately and
insolently.
As Mr. Bryan concluded he was
greeted by an outburst of cheers.
And these men who planned It and who
carried it out have the audacity, the Im
pudence and the Insolence to say that because
they certify that what they did was regular
you cannot go" Whind". thelf:' certificates. If
that Is good law* In a Democratlo convention
It ought to be .good doctrine . In a court, and
If it Is good doetine in a eourt then the only
thing that train robbers have to do in thft
future is to make a report of their transac
tions over their own signatures. I reply 4hat
after they have committed their crime all. that
train robbers will have to do is to certify
oier their own signatures that It was 'a vol
untary collection i taken up for religious pur
pones and deny you the right to go behind
the returns.
ever planned a robbery upon a train more
deliberately or with less conscience than they
did.
THREE "FAVORITE SONS" WHOSE STATE DELEGATIONS ARE BOOMING THEM FOR THE VICE PRESIDENTIAL. NOM
INATION AT ST. LOUIS. EX-SENATOR TURNER HAS THE SUPPORT OF DEMOCRATS FROM THE NORTH PACIFIC
COAST AND A PORTION OF THE NORTHWESTERN STATES.
That committee at once announced
that it would not be prepared to re
port until 2 o'clock.
The chair recognized WllHam F.
Sheehan of New York, who moved that
a recess be taken until 2 o'clock.
The convention was Instantly In an
uproar of confusion as the delegates
and visitors rose to leave.
The motion to take & recess was
greeted by a viva voce vote and the
morning session came to a close at
11:04 a. m.
Mr. Williams created great laughter
when he said: "So dreadful are the
acoustic properties of this remarkable
meeting place that my friend Olli*
James, of Kentucky, who ha» a voice
like the bull of Basham. and in whos<*
defense that bull retired from business,
confided to me that even he could not
be heard in this place."
"The next thing in the order of busi
ness," said the chairman, "is the re
port of the committee on credentials.
Will the chairmen of the delegations
pass that along?"
"I suggest." said John Cadwallader
of Pennsylvania, "that the megaphone
be adopted."
"Well, will you get the megaphone?"
retorted the chairman.
The clerk made a second ajinotmce
ment of the call for the credentials re
port.
This witticism from the chairman hi*
the humor of the convention and a pro
longed laugh followed.
¦The chairman then announced that
the permanent organization committee
was not ready to make a report, ami
desired a confprence of the committee.
Because of the wretched acoustics of
the hall. Chairman Williams requested
the chairmen of the New York and Illi
nois delegations to repeat all an
nouncements.
WINS A LMOH.
Chairman Williams endeavored lo
state that the clerk would make an
announcement, but was interrupt*- 1
by cries of "louder."
"In the day when the Angel Gabriel
shall stand on the highest mount of
the world." said the chairman, "an.1
with a megaphone shall announce the
crash of creation, there will be some
body to interrupt him by crying
'Louder.' "
Continued From Pace f, Column 4.
POBTfl RICO DELEGATES-ARE SEAIEO
The chairman then put the question
as to the adoption of the report of the
committee on credentials, with the ex-
Delegate Sutro of the Philippine
delegation requested to be heard.
Chairman Williams ruled that he had
no right to recognize him. This ruling
seemed to meet the approval of the
convention, as cries of "Right, right!"
were peneral. though the galleries be
pan a fresh clamor and threats to clear
them were again made.
Chairman Williams followed his rul
ing against hearing the Philippine del
egation with declaring that part of the
report of the committee dealing with
the Philippines out of order.
His ruling was: "So much of the re
port of the committee on credentials as
admits to this floor as representing a
part of th* United States the Philip
pine Islands, declared by the Supreme
Court of the United States not to be a
part of the United States, is out of or
der."
He was at once followed by Dele
gate Grady of New York, who made
a vigorous protest against that part of
the report relating to the Philippine
Islands.
Delegate Keyes of California, how
ever, made a louder demand and was
recognized to move the seating of the
contestants from the District of Co
lumbia.
A delegate from Vermont moved
that the chairman order the galleries
cleared unless better order was ob
served. Chairman Williams at once
announced that he would do that un
less the galleries refrained from dis
turbing the convention.
When Mr. Head moved the adoption
of the report. Chairman Williams ask
ed if there was a demand for a divi
sion on the question.
Mr. Bryan endeavored to address
the chair.
Mr. Head is the fortunate possessor
of a voice of strong carrying power
and his reading restored greater quiet
than had existed up to the time he
commenced to speak. No sign of ap
proval or disapproval greeted the de
cisions of the committee. He an
nounced that a minority report had
been submitted in the case of the Dis
trict of Columbia and he understood
one was to be submitted in the Illi
nois case.
As soon as the band was through
Mr. Head read the report, which was
in line with the decisions already pub
lished. The report declared in favor
of seating all the delgates who were
on the temporary roll call, with the ex
ception of Alfred Orendorf. who was
substituted for Duncan C. Best in the
Twentv-nrst Illinois District.
A POWERFUL VOICE.
The secretary yelled: "The chair re
quests the band to play 'Yankee
Doodle.* " and cheer after cheer broke
forth as the band played the favorite
anthem in march time.
Other selections followed and "Mary
land" was the signal for another
hearty cheer, many voices throughout
th«5 hall joining in the refrain. At this
moment Mr. Head, chairman of the
committee on credentials, entered the
hall a.nd made his way to the platform,
to the apparent relief of the chair
man.
The band then struck up "Dixie"
and a miphty roar went up. the Philip
pine delegation adding to the scene
by unfurling its American flag, with
Philippfne streamers floating from the
top.
Chairman Head of the committee on
credentials had not yet put in an ap
pearance with the majority report, and
Delegate Kerr of Pennsylvania was de
spatched for him.
In the meantime, amid great confu
sion. Delegate Robinson of Alabama
jumped to his chair and shouted a mo
tion that, pending the arrival of Mr.
Head with the report. Governor Beck
ham of Kentucky address the conven
tion. This motion was put throuph
the megaphone and declared carried.
It was pome moments before Governor
Beckham was heard from and when
he was he requested to be excused.
A motion was then adopted that
Bourke Cockran of New York be asked
to address the convention. The secre
tary announced through the mega
phone that Mr. Cockran was not in the
hall. He then called, "The band will
kindly strike up some tune."
The band was quick to respond with
"The Star-fpangled Banner," and the
entire convention stood.
his arms frantically and another out
burst of applause occurred, but it was
of Phort duration. Mr. Bryan's object
in going to the platform was to present
a minority report to the credentials
committee. He is a member of the
committee by proxy, bearing that of
1)€ legate Casper of Nebraska. When
Mr. Bryan was fully on the platform
the spectators in the galleries to the
rear gave him a cheer. He turned
around and made many bows.
CHAIRMAN HELM) ABSENT.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
In the , State of Illinois the majority was
not allowed to rule. That convention was
dominated by a clique of men who deliberately,
purposely, bodily trampled on the right* of
tb« people of Illinois. My friends, the evi
dence shows that so band of train robbers
And. my friends, It Is because I want the
Democratic party on the Jeffersonlan principle
ef majority that I come here and present the
minority report in this case.
I still hope that we shall be able to agree
upon a platform that will represent the senti
ments of all of us so that we can present it
to the country as the platform of a united
party. I will go further than that. I stlfi
hope that we shall be able to present to the
country a ticket behind which can stand a
united party. And I regret that I am com
pelled to come In at this time and present
a subject upon which your votes will be asked.
But if there Is one Democratic principle " more
fundamental than another It Is the right of a.
majority to rule. If you destroy the binding
force of that principle there . is nothing that
can bold a party together.
"When the cheers which greeted this
sentiment had subsided the speaker ut
tered these words:
"I will go further than that. I still
hope that we shall be able to present
to the country a ticket behind which
we can stand as a united party."
Again the convention unanimously
indorsed the sentiment expressed. Mr.
Bryan's full speech was as follows:
I came to this convention In the hope that
we would be able to agree on platform, on
candidates, and have nothing to stir the feel
ings or rouse contention.
TICKET BRYAN WANTS.
"I still hope that we shall be able to
agree upon a platform that will rep
resent the sentiments of all of ub, ho
we can present to the country the
platform of a united party."
He declared that two years ago John
P. Hopkins had pursued a course con
trary to that followed in the Illinois
convention and did not dare to follow
precedent this time because he would
have been repudiated if he had done
so. The initial sentences of Mr. Bry
an's speech, which carried his hearers
into cheers, were:
Becoming Intensely interested in his
address, Mr. Bryan, finding that his
cuffs interfered with the free move
ment of his hands, pulled them off and
proceeded.
An outburst of approving yells
greeted his announcement that the
convention In Illinois was conducted
by men who were on a level with train
robbers. *
In opening his speech Mr. Bryan an
nounced that he had not come to the
convention with the idea of bringing
up any question that could or would
cr*te division. He was greeted by
chflers, and when he declared that he
hoped and believed that the conven
tion would select a ticket which could
be supported by a united Democracy
the cheers were redoubled.
APPROVING YELLS.
Word that Mr. Bryan would take this
opportunity to make his great effort
before the convention had got abroad
and the audience rustled with expec
tation as the Nebraskan arose and
faced it.
Mayor D. S. Rose of Milwaukee asked
what had led up to these contests in
Illinois, and was informed that he was
not proposing a parliamentary inquiry.
The chairman then recognized Mr
Bryan.
Chairman Uead of the credentials
committee claimed his right to have
the closing statement in the debate
The chair ruled that Mr. Bryan should
take fuch time as he should choose
and announced that the other side
should have as much time as Mr. Brya n
took.
The chairman recognized Mr. Bryan
to speak in behalf of his motion to sub
stitute the minority for the majority
report.
He was accorded most respectful at
tention, however, by the convention and
succeeded better, than any other speak
er in making himself heard.
Mr. Bryan concluded reading the re
port at 4:12, it having taken him thir
ty-five minutes. During the latter part
of the report he was frequently inter
rupted by cheers from the gallery.
He closed by asking that fifteen min
utes on each side be allowed for the
hearing of the contest.
In a moment he had the cheering
checked and began threading of the
report. His voice was clear and he was
heard plainly, although not using ex
traordinary force. The convention re
mained in attentive silence, which was
emphasized by comparison with the
wild confusion that had prevailed al
most continuously since the convention
began its first outbreak at 2 o'clock.
Mr. Bryan's report was a long, type
written document which he read delib
erately. Its dryness began to impress
the galleries after the reading had pro
gressed ten minutes and the hum of in
attention began to be heard.
CHECKS CHEERING.
This was enough to start up the
Bryan cheer again, but Mr. Bryan at
once beckoned ' for silence with his
right hand, while he held his minority
report on the Illinois contests in his
left.
"The chair now recognizes Mr. Bryan
in the matter of the contests from the
State of Illinois."
The report of the committee was
adopted without further delay, and Mr.
Williams turned to Mr. Bryan and
said:
Chairman Head replied to the advo
cates of a division of the vote, saying
that he hoped the convention would
eliminate the District of Columbia from
being a further source of trouble to the
national executive body. On the viva
voce vote Chairman Williams anounced
that the noes had it.
There were but one or two affirma
tive votes, while the negative vote
sounded like "No!" from the whole
convention.
A series of explanations followed and
the motion to lay upon the table was
withdrawn- and the question reverted
to the adoption of the amendment to
seat both delegations with a half vote
each.
ception of those parts on which a sep
arate vote was requested. The report
was adopted with this condition. A
separate vote then was demanded in
the casTof the District of Columbia
and in the Illinois cases.
Mr. Schultheis of the District of Co
lumbia was then recognized and spoke
for the contestants. He offered an
amendment providing that the contest
ing delegates from the District of Co
lumbia be seated with a half vote to
each.'
A motion was made that the amend
ment be laid- on the table, pn this a
rising vote was demanded.
The chairman called for a rising vote
and cries arose from all parts of the
hall that the delegates did not under
stand what was before the convention.
Then they had a credentials committee made
ui\ and, as far as Dosslble, had the district
members of the credentials committee taken
from the contestants, whom they had seated.
This credentials committee, without Intention
The report which, in the convention
this afternoon, Bryan. moved as a sub
stitute for the majority report, began
thus:. '
Illinois has a State Central Committee- with
one John P. Hopkins at Its head. Finding
iUelf In a minority In the State convention,
the said committee deliberately planned to
override the Democratic vote of the State and
secured by fraud and Intimidation a majority
of the delegates to the St. Louis convention.
To this end they brought contests In a num
ber of districts outside of those controlled by
the satd committee and placed their own men
upon the temporary roll call of the ' conven
tion.
The report concluded by recommend
ing that the Indian Territory and Okla
homa each be allowed to elect eight
delegates and eight alternates to repre
sent them in the next Democratic Na
tional Convention in view of the large
increase In their population.
BRYAN'S MINORI"-* REPORT.
Your committee desires to say that It
realizes, as this convention must, that it was
absolutely Impossible for this committee to
have done more. In the limited time which it
could possibly give to this great number of
contests, than examine the- principal questions
Involved and dispose of them In such manner
as* In its Judgment would nearest meet the
ends of justice and best subserve the Interests
of the Democratic party In those States and
Territories ! and In the Island* where the con
testa arose. There, were filed with this com
mittee arguments, briefs, records, affidavits
and telegrams In ¦ several of those contests
which would have been Impossible for your
committee to have even read In less than ten
days. The committee gave to each of the con
testants and contestees who desired to appear
before It all the time It was possible to give
and In each case endeavored to ascertain as
nearly as could be all the important facts
bearing- upon each contest. In the State of
Illinois. . however, the several contesting Con
gressional districts were asked to select those
to speak for all the contests In that State.
In, the matter of the contests from the
Second Third. Sixth, Eighth. Tenth. Eleventh,
Twelfth, Fifteenth. Sixteenth. Eighteenth.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth districts and
the seats of Ben T. Cable and John P. Hop.
kins from the State at large. In Illinois, your
committee recommends that the delegation* as
named by the National Committee are entitled
to seats as the regularly accredited delegates
and alternates.
In the matter ot the contests from the
Twenty-first District of the State of Illinois,
your committee reports that Alfred Orendorff.
and A. B. Carman as delegates and J. N. C.
Shumway and Jesse F. Griffin as alternates
are entitled to seats In this convention as the
properly accredited delegates and alternates.
In the matter of the representation which
the island of Porto Rico and the Philippine
Islands shall have In this convention, your
committee recommends that, each of said Isl
ands be accredited with six delegates and six
alternates.
In those States and Territories -where no
contests have been filed we carefully examined
the original credentials of the delegates and
alternates and find the same to have been
correctly 'certified to the chairman of the
National Committee and the roster as prepared
by the chairman and secretary and submitted
to this committee for Its temporary organiza
tion is correct and accurate and we unani
mously recommend Its adoption by this con
vention.
The committee adjourned at 4:30
o'clock after finishing all contests be
fore it and authorising its chairman
and secretary to prepare and present
the following report:
¦ The -committee did not disturb the
sitting delegation, of which Pettigrew
is the head.
REPORT OF THE MAJORITY.
In the Ohio contest, involving the
Twelfth Congressional District. Ross
and Gilliam, who had obtained seats at
the hands of the national committte.
retained them.
¦ The sitting members in the Pennsyl
vania contest were retained without ar
gument on either side.
- H. H. Smith -of South Dakota con
tested the seats of the entire delegation
from that State. He charged Pettigrew
with being opposed to any but a Hearst
or Bryan man. and quoted the follow
ing language, which he said Pettigrew
had 'used in the State convention in an
swer to a Question as to whether he
would bolt the national convention:
¦ Do you suppose I would pledge myself to
support the nominee of -the St. Louis con
vention? I put the question to you. gentle
men. Suppose they nominate old Cleveland
or some other man In the Cleveland-Hill ring
of the Democratic party. Suppose they re
organize us and nominate a Republican on a
Republican platform, declaring for trusts and
th» money power. I tell you that I would
bolt the ticket and do everything in my power
to defeat It at the polls.
It was 3 o'clock when the New Jersey
cases had been disposed of. Bryan had
been waiting in the committee-room
for some time. He at once took the floor
and requested that the Illinois contests,
which had been disposed 'of by the com
mittee early in the session, be recon
sidered, that a record vote might he
had on which to base a minority report.
The chairman explained that such a
course would not be necessary, that any
member of the committee had the right
to make a minority report. To make
the matter regular, however, the com
mittee voted the privilege of making
such a report to such of its members as
desired to unite in one. Bryan again
took the initiative, as no member of tfc<>
committee indicated a desire to make
a minority report. He 6aid that he
wanted to make such a report, and
asked all members of the committee
who would sign his report to stand up.
Responding to this, the members from
Oklahoma, Wisconsin. Minnesota and
Rhode Island arose. Bryan thanked
the committee and at once withdrew,
with the statement that he would draw
a minority report and make the fi^ht
on the floor of the convention.
The Maine contest, involving three
seats, was decided against the Hearst
delegates and in favor of those on the
temporary roll.
The New Jersey contests were de
cided In the same way.
BUYAX* TAKES A HAND.
The committee gave patient hearing
to every contest presented except that
of Dr. Mary Walker, who claimed a.
seat in the convention as the woman
representative of the Democrats of Nov
York.. Dr. Mary waited patiently the
indulgence of the committee until a late
hour and then gave up in despair.
The committee took action regarding
Porto Rico, the Philippines, the Dis
trict of Columbia, Illinois. Maine. New
Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Da
kota and the InVlian Territory.
The feature of the session was the
declaration of W. J. Bryan, who paid
the committee a call at 3 o'clock this
morning, that he would make the Illi
nois contests an Issue on the floor of
the convention.
ST. LOUIS. July 7.— With the excep
tion of the contest in the Twenty-first
Illinoi3 District, the credentials com
mittee of the Democratic National Con
vention followed the lead of the nation
al committee and seated the delegates
recommended in the temporary roll of
the convention. This result was accom
plished after a session lasting all night.
The report says that the contestants
supported their case by Hundreds of
affidavits and hundreds of pases* of
documentary evidence, but that the
contestees offered no affidavits and no
documentary evidence except the re
port of the convention officers and no
evidence at all but that of their own
unsupported oral statements. The re
port concludes:
I'nder all trie circumstances the minority
bfllevo that It is Imperatively necessary that
this convention shall .repudiate the outra*eo'i»
action of the convention of Illinois. To d->
otherwise la to disregard the prtnriplea of the
Democratic party.
to go Into th» -nertt 3 of the contest, w*^
the Hopkins delegates In every Instance. Tn»
minprity of the ommlttee on credentials pre
sented a report, but Mr. Quinn. th« chairman
of the committee, declared that the- I "| n °J7*'r
report was only arivlsory and would be mea
for record. He then put the vote upon th«
majority rerort and declared it carried and
refused a roll call, although It was tnen ana
there d*iranded.
Hearst's Contests for Seats in Conven
tion Fail in All but a Single
District.
CONSERVATIVES CONTROL
CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8,. 1904.
WITH SUCCESSION OF NOISY DEMONSTRATIONS CONVENTION PREPARES FOR WORK
Bryan Makes a Hard Fight for Minority Substitute, but the
Nebraskan's Oratory Fails to Win Convention and
Motion Is Overwhelmingly Defeated.
REPORT OF CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE
IS ADOPTED BY A' DECISIVE VOTE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade* Clothiers
No Branca Stores. No Aeenta. '*'-
THE SEEDS WE'VE PLANTED
FOR OUR WINTER MODELS
HAVE BORNE CHOICE FRUIT.
SOME OF THE PRODUCTIONS
WE ARE SHOWING NOW.
SKILLFUL TAILORING,
MASTER DESIGNING.
Kearny Street
Tfjurlow Block
ADVZSTlSEaiENTaw
Tbats what every body
Says who tries itj
Something Good fog yov ;LONDON, July 7.— The alien immi
gration bill has been definitely aban
doned for the present session of Par
liament.
Alien Immigration Bill Is Defeated.
HONGKONG, July 7. — During a
thick fog the British trading steamer
Algoma ran ashore near Swatow early
this morning and is likely to become
a total wreck. The crew was res
cued. The Algoma was a three-masted
steel screw steamer of 2914 tons, built
at Sunderland, England, and sailed
from Belfast, Ireland.
Strikes During a Heavy Fog and Is
Likely to Become" a Total
Wreck.
BRITISH STEAMER ALGOMA
ASHORE NEAR SWATOW
BERLIN. July 7. — The Foreign Of
fice here has no information tending
to confirm the report circulated 111 the
United States by a news agency yes
terday in a dispatch from Berlin that
the Congo Independent State authori
ties have decided to expel all Ameri
can missionaries from the Congo on
the ground that they incite the na
tives to insubordination.
German Officials Declare They Have
No Knowledee of Threatened
Expulsion of Ministers.
RUMOR CONCERNING CONGO
MISSIONARIES UNCONFIRMED
Steamer Returns to Stornoway After
MnUinz a Thorouch Search for
the Two 3Iissi«s Boats.
STORNOWAY, Scotland. July 7. —
The steamer Bonawe has returned
here from the Flannan Islands and re
ports having found no trace of sur
vivors of the. wrecked Danish steamer
Norge.
The British gunboat Jackal is going
direct to the Island of St. Kilda. It
is thought the two missing boats of
the Norge may possibly have reached
there. ••:;. ';.;".
FINDS NO TRACE OF ANY
SURVIVORS OF THE NORGE
courthouse, when the matter of a com
munity dipDing plant will be consid
ered. The whole live stock and dairy
Interests are thoroughly aroused, and
there seems to be no doubt that
this most serious questfon will soon be
solved as far as this county is con
cerned.
Convention News Continued on Pa«;e 4
Canada is an Indian word, meaning
"collection of huts."
ESOPUS. N. Y.. July 7. — Judff»
Parker was inaccessible to visitors
to-day. He spent the morning in his
study attending to business. The re
ports from the convention at St. Louis
were telephoned to Private Secretary
McGastand. who communicated th";
news to Judge Parker, but otherwise
there was nothing to indicate the re
motest interest in the St. Louis con
vention. '
PARKER IN* SECLUSION*.
Havana Longshoremen Strike.
HAVANA. July 7. — A strike of the
harbor workers was inaugurated to
day. The tie-up is complete.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. July 7.— Dr. C.
H. Blemer. State Veterinarian, and Dr.
G. F. Faulkner. County . Veterinarian,
are here making a determined fight
against the, Texas tick, which Infests
the dairy herds on the coast side of
this county. On July 1 300 head of cat
tle on the H. M. Warden ranch were
dipped with Final crude oil from the
Santa Barbara County oil fields. Yes
terday the doctors, accompanied by the
county Board of Supervisors, visited
the Warden ranch to note the effects
of the dipping. All were most highly
gratified, as the cattle, which nad been
very ticky. were found to be entirely
free of tick and suffering little incon
venience from having been immersed
in the oily fluid. Sufficient of the oil
was adherinsr to prevent the ticks get
ting upon them again. The doctors are
about convinced that for all local pur
poses of freeing this county from the
tick the Final oil will answer as well
as the more expensive Beaumont, Tex.,
oil.
The Live Stock Protective Associa
tion, a strong organization among cat
tlemen, has called a meeting for next
Saturday afternoon at the county
Special Dispatch to The Call
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., July 7.— A
waterspout, accompanied by a terrific
wind, passed, through Clinton, O. .T.,
last night, in which five persons were
killed and several injured. The dead:
MRS. BAKER AND THREE CHIL
DREN.
MRS. JOHN FLENNER.
Reports from Arapahoe. Weather
ford. Geary, Cordell, Anadarko and
other points in Western Oklahoma tell
of great damage by floods.
Clark has an ideal voice for a conven
tion. Everybody could hear him and
he was listened to attentively. At the
conclusion of his speech, on motion of
Kerr of Pennsylvania, John S. Williams
by a rising vote was thanked for his
services as temporary chairman.
A motion to adjourn was adopted and
the chairman declared: "The meeting
stands adjourned until 10 o'clock to
morrow morning."
Plain people cannot be blamed for being
bewildered by all this kaleidoscopic per
formance. They cannot be censured because
by an old process they figure It out that
two and two make four, and that the transfer
of Mr. Knox from the Cabinet to the Senate
at the behest of Messrs. Frick. Cassatt and
Cameron taken In connection with the change
of feeling in Wall street In favor of the
President. ha» a. sinister meaning.
The trust magnates who secured the Sen
atorial toga for Mr. Knox since they have
established the entente cordiale with that
famous trust-buster ought to compel the young
ruffianly sclcns of great trust houses who
some time ago Insulted and assaulted Mr. Knox
In a public restaurant to go down on their
krees and make to him the amende honorable.
Then all will be lovely with the trusts and
the trust-buster.
'•While In New York I spent two days ' in
Wall street, chatting- with many representa
tives of the financial Interests and I find there
is no lonser any disposition to make a fl*ht.
And In accepting the situation the feeling
toward Mr. Roosevelt seems to have undergone
a change and I hoard many friendly comments.
I confess I was surprised at the extent of this
chanre."
Yes Indeed, 'the feellm? toward Mr. Itoose
velt seems to have undergone a chanK<*"
among the Wall street trust magnates and
Brother Loomls "hears many friendly com
ments" by the aforesaid trust magnates.
Mr. Loomis does not vouchsafe to an eaper
and inquisitive world the reason why Wall
street feeling has undergone such a change
as to cause Wall street magnates, who w»re
erstwhile abusing the President as a menace
to the republic, to make many friendly com
ments upon him now. Has the President
changed his views or have the trust magnates
charred theirs?
slstant Secretary cf State, can h* relieved.
That illustrious public functionary recently
"swunsr around the circle'" in New York and
elsewhere to view the situation. On returning
to Wa«hineton he delivered himself of an in
terview In which. Inter alia, he rays:
Infected Cattle Relieved
of Texas Pest by Liberal
Application of Petroleum
Two Women and Three Chil
dren Are Killed by Water
spout in the Middle West
MAX "WHO HOLDS DESTINY OF
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IN THE
HOLLOW OF HIS HAND.
STORM BRINGS
DEATH TO FIVE
ESOPUS. N. Y.. July 7.-Judge Par
ker received a letter to-day from the
West in which he is Informed of a plot
against his life. The writer, who oro
fesses to be in the confidence of some
mysterious band, cautions the iurist
to remain at home and protect himself
against -bodily injury. He writes that
"certain persons in the West" are plan
ning to take advantage of the first ot>
portunity to make an assault upon the
Judge and adds that in subsequent let
ters he will keep Parker informed of
the movements of the alleged con
spirators.
There is a vague hint that plotters
are going to carry the threats into
execution when Judge Parker is on the
railroad train or in a carriage and
when he would most likely be without
protection against sudden attack.
In consequence the writer warns
Judge Parker to remain at home. but.
if he should find it necessary to make
a trip, to surround himself with .a body
guard.
The letter is so vague and discon
nected that Judge Parker is satisflrd
that the writer's mind is disordered.
After glancing at its contents the
Judpe threw the paces into a waste
basket. Other letters and postal cards
are coming in the daily mails to Judce
Parker from persons about whnsp men
tal obliquity there can be no doubt.
Warns the Jurist of a Plot to Assassi
nate Him.
CRAXK WRITES TO PARKER.
Tarpey. who alone could announce
the withdrawal of Hearst, stands firm,
however, and if Hearst's name fails to
go before the convention it will be be
cause he receives orders in the morning
to withdraw it. Tarpey was busily oc
cupied up to a late hour to-night at a
In view -of developments it is con
ceded that if Hearst is especially de
sirous of defeating Parker he should
withdraw at this time and direct his
manager. M. F. Tarpey. to mak? an ef
fort to stampede the convention to Ol
ney or some other candidate that would
please the many delegates that favor
neither Hearst nor Parker. California
is popular in the convention, and
though it is not probable that her dele
gation could accomplish the desired re
sult, it would certainly lighten the in
evitable tumble that awaits.
TARPEY STANDS FIRM.
The more they heard to-day the more
the uneasiness of the Hearst managers
seemed to increase. It soon began to
be evident that the shackles of instruc
tion were beginning to chafe. Many of
the delegates, especially the southern
ers, began to complain of the compact
that bound them and agreed that a res
olution of indorsement would have bet
ter demonstrated intelligence on the
part of the Santa Cruz convention than
did the one definitely instructing the
delegation for Hearst.
"It is none of your affair what I am
trying to do." answered Spellacy. "I
am not here under instruir^tons and
I shall exercise my freedom."
Hearst's adviser retired. The in
cident has been discussed with amuse
ment all day.
The appearance of Tim Spellacy of
Bakersfleld at headquarters to-day oc
casioned an incident that throws a litv
tie light upon the approach of tKT
Hearst collapse. One of the Hearst
advisers sought out Spellacy and said:
"I understand you are here trying
to line up delegates against Hearst's
interests."
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS. July 7.—
California's banner waved to-day in
the first tremendous demonstration of
the convention. The entry of William
Jennings Bryan, still the idol of the
Democracy, at the opening of the aft
ernoon session, let loose the floodgates
of enthusiasm and the great Coliseum
seemed to rock from the roar of 10,000
throats. Banners soon began to wave
besides that of Nebraska, and finally,
out of the alternate's inclosure, crept
the standard of California. It was the
tribute of the West to the policy of the
radical.
This demonstration served to disclose
to the interested the new location of
the Californlans. During the morning
session Joseph Simons of Los Angeles
had thrice raised his voice in protest
against the location of the Californians
in the rear of the delegates' inclosure
and thrice he had been ordered to sit
down. His dignity ruffled, but still per
sistent, Simons forced his way through
the crowded aisle and mounted the
platform. Then, into the ear of the
temporary chairman, he poured his
protest. He was ordered to reduce his
wail to writing.
• Delegates Carmichael and McGee
were appointed a committee to fight
the question through and they suc
ceeded. The opening of the afternoon
session found the Californians outside
the delegates* rail, within the inclos
ure of the alternates, and within hear
ing distance of a megaphoned voice.
TIM SPELLACY APPEARS.
Delmas. who represents California
on thi3 committee, was anxious to rest
and Tarpey took his place. Thus did
more honors fall to the chairman vt
California's delegation.
After he left the meeting of the com
mittee on platform and resolution*
Tarpey said:
"If there is any rumor afloat to the
effect that any man's name will be
withdrawn, it is absolute nonsense.
It will he every man for his own can
didate and California for Hearst from
the first ballot to the last."
AH outward evidence of the friction
that exists between the delegates has
disappeared. They are conducting
themselves with becoming decorum,
but the undercurrent of passion may
at any time sweep to destruction the
bark that now bears the delegation's
dignity.
Congressman Edward J. Uvemash
and Michael Casey visited headquar
ters to-day, but they did not enter Into
th» political discussion.
Frank H. Short of Fresno and J. J.
Dwyer of San Francisco were also
around as visitors. As .guests of the
California delegation they attended
this afternoon's session of the conven
tion. —
meeting of the committee on platform
and resolutions.
BV FREDERIC W. BISHOP.
, Staff Correspondent of Tha Call.
ST. LOUS, July 1.— The hour of 6
o'clock had arrived when John Sharp
Williams, tetnroraxy chairman of the
Democratic National Convention, caJled
for the report cf the committee on per
manect orsranlzation. Representative
I>ins:nore of Arkansas, chairman of the
committee, "*"aa requested to coma to
th« pl&tiorm, Another delay was
caused by the prevailing disorder, and
L>:^smore finally proceeded amid much
confusion, as many of the delegates and
epectators were leaving the halL
The name of Champ Clark as chair
man -was received with applause.
Chairman "Williams appointed Sen
ator J. W. Bailey of Texas and Repre
sentative Bourke Cockran of New York
to escort Clark to the chair.
Vandever of Missouri endeavored to
move an adjournment until 8:30 o'clock
to-night, but was not permitted to do
bo pending the appearance of the per
manent chairman on the platform.
With his hat in hand. Temporary
Chairman Williams presented Clark as
the permanent chairman, and Clark
bowed in acknowledgment of a hearty
ivelccme. Clark at once plunged into
his speech. He was greeted with ap
plause and given attention- He said:
la his but*. Klcg David said that all men
«.r« liars. Had he been in Cbicago while
b«Ea.tcr Henry Otbot Lodg* was reading the
Republican platform he would no doubt have
pronounced the us« opinion more leisurely,
:• r rurely there never wa* more mendacity
lacked into ti« same epae« In any document
j.urperticg to b« a g'rave state paper.
Shakespeare says:
' -Ttnc» is b« armed that hmxh his quarrel
Just,
Ar.d he but cakefl tto-urh locked up In steel.
\k hose conscience with injustice Is corrupted."
In the lxapeadiRC conflict our quarrel is
luti and we are in the right beyond all cavil.
To state It in a general way. our ccnten- ,
ties is that the Government ehall be r»*tored
to the democratic-republican basis on which
the lathert cf the republic intended it to rest
end fhail be made once more a government of
the people, by the people and for the peopie,
instead of a government cf the classes, by the t
<l£f.<-es and lor the classes. To state it with
note particularity, we insist that exorbitant
tiation shall be reduced to just and reaton
able rate*.; that extravagance In appropria
tions shall ceate; that economy rhall prevail m
ell the transactions cf the Government; that
eit the departments ehall be thoroughly Inve*-
Ugated from «f»p to bottom by Congressional
committees: that all evil doers of whatever de
cree shall be driven from the public Venice
end properly punished: thai the trusts fhall be
Iiroc*td^d against by Indictment as common
end tmaJler criminals: that the constitution
Bf-corr.rar.i^s the American flag into cur new
pQBSMBCiOIV.
The that we must support Pres!.
<*Tt Roosevelt's Philippine policy— if he has
any — right or wrong, is the veriest rot. a tale
told by an Idiot. I am willing to go as far a*
any cne in patriotism: I will support my coun
try in any emers'n'-}'; but President Hoof«
velt U not the country- The tim» has not
vn arrivM. I pray -Almlfrhty fiod that it will
n< v»r arrive, when the American people will
accept the arrogant dictum of Louis XIV if
r>-r*iTrd by an American President — "I am the
*tat»." If President Roosevelt it at all
v< r*hy of hi? high position he nw entertain
a supreme contempt for those political supple
jacks, particularly for these claiming to be
T*m*T»tJ. who go about with sanctimonious
n.ien. Baying:
"The President is wrong in his Philippine
policy, but we must support the President."
CALLS IT CRINGING IDIOCY.
Out upon all mch cringing Idiocy. Suppose
that wjie n George III undertook to force our
Ca tints tr> pay the Ftasnp tax. Patriok Henry.
instead nf delivering that *rr«>at lyric speech
before the Virginia House of Bur20Fse»_ which
precipitated the revolution and which still
¦tin the heart like strains of martial music,
had BrlMsa in his place and saii gently as a
eacHinc dove: "His mort gracious Majesty is
wrong about this stamp tax business, but we
treat, at loyal subjects, support him. right
or wr'ng." and sopfMMa 'Washington, J*fTer
fon. Warrr, .- :ar.-. l>*e. Hamilton, all that
glcrloaa ho«t of warriors and sages, had
weakly agreed to that— whs\ would we be to
day? Instead of being the richest republic in
p!1 the flood of time we would still be English
colotdea. ruled fry British proconsuls and '
iroverncT penrral? without any \"oice whatever
In the Government under which we live.
"Condemn the wrong."
Those immortal Mate builders were reared
oa the fiction that "the King can do
no wrong." but when he did do wrong they
I DKBy trampled that falsehood under tlxlr feet
jird. wrenir.g a continent from his iron grasp.
¦1 <¦-<¦: ica t*d H as the home of frerdem and to
lb« twin j-ircpccitlon "that governments de
rtv« thrir Jut-t rowers frcm the consent of
:h« governed" ar.d that "all men are created
";uai."
There were men in the land in 1T7»5. And
•rim it it said that there are only manikins
vow I 0o not believe suth a monstrous libel.
<;e-:rge in did wrong. Our fathers fought
a»4 conquered him. Theodore Roosevelt dues
•rrooc. We wiU oppose and overthrow him.
Ecpport the President's policy* Will some
r<^ritl*rr»an please tell us what that policy is?
Ha* he any? If so. why does not he say fo?
The truth lr he ha* none. He is an opportunist
maSOmt ' r ->r somethirg to turn Bp. He is let-
Ting things <riit and they are drifting tii th*
.f>yc». Meantime our soldiers are betas killed
t.nd dying of riiseape «.- t-hoiils. Kor what pur
poae? Will anybody undertake to say? I
defy any jingo t» stand u<> and declare with a
rtraijrht face whut the President's policy or the
nepublicsn poUcjr is. No or.t- w;!l pay ).<; # no
m*i can ray so. but somt say "More is the pity
and the shame."
-Ni:\V FAXGLED JINGOISM."
TTse President is wrong. Uut we must wjp
rvcrt the Prr#ldcnt? To this '•omplexion has
it come Rt lbrt by reason of the new-fangled
.tr.poism that m must shut up our thinkers,
« io»* our mouths and chlorcjorm cur con
"mtHuua in or<J<r to be considered patriots. It
• av&iis nothing t* claim that Colom-1 Roosevelt
:* batter thaii his party. It i» to be hoped
most in Wlilljf that he if. a great, deal better:
but truth t^> tell, a President cannot be better
than hi* party. Even if he trie* to be he is
ruined politically. No man ever found hlm
sei< - la wen* political company than dees
I'reriCT.t Rrosevelt Jn this year of grare. He
is in the hands of the Republican i.hilistines
*nd they vill bind him with their withes.
lU^troblJran false "Dretenses.
Ir. every State In the I'nion it !s a felony
to get property cf any sort— or to attempt to
p«-t • it. by false pretenses. If the same rule
applies lo the petting of offices cr to attempts;
to pet then, the whole Republican party could
l.e feet tc :h* penitentiary.
«">ue of thejr falre pretense* — the one on which
they harp the vr^fi this year — is that the
Ivmorratlc party is in favor of free trade.
The charrc Is utterly false — a lie made or whole
cloth. Ther» ?r» individual Democrats who
are free traders ju«t as there are individual
Republicans who ere athruts, but it would
1* precisely as true and fair to denounce the
Kepubiican party ai the party of atheism as
to denounce the Democratic party as the party
of free trade.
It never *••»» a frw trade party and is not
jow The man who charge* that it is does so
l.«*<*iu«* of ht» ignorance- or of his mendacity.
Democrat* favor the cutting down of exorbi
tant tariff rates to a reasonable busls. They
hejieve that in many schedules of the present
>aw the rates *re to« high; tho?e that are too
hjrh we are. Jn favor of cutting down.
BORROWED FROM DEMOCRATS.
"¦We favor any modification of the tariff
schedules that may be required to prevent
them becoming a shelter for monopoly." I
wonder if Secretary Ehaw ever heard those
words before? They are taken verbatim from
the Republican platform of 1901. The Secre
tary opened it up at a er*-at rate for Gov
ernor Cummicgs and ethers nominated on thrft
plJ-tform. He 'denounce* it now as "the dead
U-wa idea." But it was a righteous declara
tion borrowed from Democrats and Is not dead
— net even <5yin«r.
¦Where tariff rate* are eo high that they
enable American manufacturers to sell their
wares abroad cheaoer than they do to Amer
icans here at home we tay that they ought
to be reduced.
If this if anarchy or treason make the
most of it.
I>et Republican epellbinders and editors ex
plain why an American farmer should pay
from a third to a half more for an Ameri
can plow than hi* competitor In farming
pays for It in Australia or South America
*» lie er.ij of tie earth. Democrat* say it
Here 1« another B'.ravr: It has been told
in Gath and proclaimed on the streets of
Aekalon by the Roosevelt shouters for lo!
these many months, that the trust magnates —
especially those whose habitat lairs is Wall
street — are bitterly opposed to the President,
A change appears to have come o'er the spirit
of alt dream. It Frauds B. Loom Is, Aa-
According to the press reports President
Roosevelt stood by. consenting to the transfer
of Knox from the Cabinet to the Senate Just
a* Paul stood by consenting to the stoning
of Stephen.
One paper says: '.'The President is greatly
pleased that Mr. Knox will accept the posi
tion." Which looks like he Is glad to get
rid of him.
SAY'S ROOSEVELT STOOD BY.
Folks who still dare to think will be forced
to one of two conclusions — one. either that Mr
Knox in the only lawyer in America capable
of conducting a milt against a trust— which Is
absolutely preposterous, for there are hundreds
of lawyers as able as he is— and that the trusts
were anxious to get him out of the Attorney
General's office because they fear him mor<s
than they do any other • person : or, pecond.
that the Knox end-trust rruFade has been a
bunko game from the beginning, and the
Messrs. Frick. Cassatt and Cameron, together
with those whom th«y represent, procured him
the Senatorship as a reward for favors already
rendered the trusts secretly while In the Cabi
net and to be hereafter rendered in the Senate
Here we have the strange spectacle — the mys
tifying anomaly of three of the chief trust
magnates In the land securing the appointment
to the Senate of Attorney General Knox, who
has l>een exploited far and wide as the great
est trust buster on terra flrma.
People will open their ej-es in astonishment
i and begin to inquire as to the why and where
fore of his appointment when they learn that
the transfer of Mr. Knox from the Attorney
Gemralshlp to the Senate was procured by
the earnest efforts of Mr. Frick. Mr. Cassatt
and Donald Cameron to Induce United States
Senator Boise Penrose. the new Republican
besg of Pennsylvania, to permit Mr. Knox to
b e Sanator. for Governor Pennypacker. who
nominally made th* appointment, does net ap
pear to have been considered at all In the
! premleej:. The amazement of the people will
'&rovr like Jonah's gourd-vine when they learn
¦ »hat Mr. Krick Is the heaviest stockholder In
(the fcteel truirt: that Mr. Cassatt i* president
of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, which
is one of the*defendants In the coal trust liti
gation now pending, and that Mr. Cameron
represented the Standard Oil trust and Wall
street Interests in persuading "Boss" Penrose.
to let Mr. Knox go to the Senate.
REPUBLICAN TRUST BUSTERS.
It if said that "straws show which way the
wind Mows." lltrn is a "straw" which in
diraus that the trust* have nothing to fear
from Republican trust busters. It is the np-
T>oirurr.ent of Attorney General Philander C.
Knox, Republican trust buster par excellence,
to suceed the late Matthew Stanley Quay of
Pennsylvania in the Senate of "the I'nlted
State?. There would have been nothing
stranpe or suspicious about that performance
were It net for the influences which secured the
appointment of Mr. Knox. There can be no
question abcul his intellectual qualifications for
the i*ofitich. The same can be said of some
other Pennsylvania Republicans— Congressmen
John DaUell and Joseph C. Sibley, for
instance.
Republican- claim. in public, to be the
great and only trustbusters, notwithstanding
th> fact that under Republican misrule trusts
hove sprung up like mushrooms in a damp
cellar and have become plentiful as barries In
Jure.
Our boys are rushing to face death In search
of gol<t in the Klondike region. when the
oceans of the world contain a million Klon
dikes if the Republican party would only pirmit
them to work the water main.
When an American goes abroad he must
pall ur.d»r a foreign flag, on a foreign ship,
under a foreign officer.
Why have things come to this shameful,
this ritiful complexion in a country that has
the finest material for ships and sailors in the
world? Br-cav.se our exhorbltant tariff system
has rr.ade it tmnottEible for an American to.
build a sh!;> In competition with the British
shipbuilders on the river Clyde.
Yet the Republican gang has the infinite gall
to prat* about its patriotism!
Worse than this — more humiliating than
this — a few y<- a rs ago when Congress appro
priated a large sum of money to buy corn and
wheat and meat to send to the famine
strick"n Eetl Indian*, we could not Bend it In
an American ship, for the aJI-sufficient reason
that there «a.« none to send it in. but to our
gr~at humiliation, had to hire a foreign ship
in which to send over charity to our starving
fellow men. .
M h»n Napoleon signed the title deeds Ja this
vast country west of the Mississippi he turned
to the American Commissioners and said:
•'Now, I have given England a maritime
rival," and so he had. until insatiable greed
and criminal maladministration crowded the
starry banner of the republic from the high
seas and abdicated the rich domain of the
ocean. In I WO we had the second largest
merchant marine in the world — our sails
whitenrd every harbor and our flag floated in
ewry bre^ie under the heavens. How sadly
all this has changed after th!rty-.flve years of
Republican misrule! Li&gt year of all the
merchantmen that went through the Suez
canal, not a single vessel, great or small, ex
cept battleships, bore the American flag at
Its masthead, and our flag Is seen in foreign
waters only when flying over a man of war.
OIK M£R CHANT MARINE.
On the** propositions we believe we are right
and on them we confidently rely in our appeal
to the American people in November.
Recognizing the fact that a large portion of
our revenue has always bwn raised from cus
tnme duties or taxes. Democrats divide all im
ports into three classes — necessaries, comforts
and luxuries— and contend that the tariff taxes
should be highest on luxuries, lower on comforts
end lowest or ncne at all en the necessaries.
They furthermore say that taxes should be uni
form on all articles belonging to one clasji.
u* t J*V n " democratic party's position, from
which IT will not be driven or bullied. No
amount of misrepresentation will cause them
to budge frcm that position. We say further
more that not one doilar more In shape of
tariff taxes or any other sort of taxes should be
taken from the people than is necessary to pay
the expenses of an economically administered
government.
Of a piece with the foregoing false pretenses
is that other one that Democrats would destroy
American industries. There is not a syllable
of truth in it. Why should they desire to de-
Ftroy industries? They are vitally interested in
maintaining them and they wish to we them
ell prosper by giving them all an equal chance
and not by fostering some at the expense of
others.
The true Democratic position on the tariff Is
this:
Will he or some other stand-patter explain
why Americans should be mads to pay one
third mor« for American steel rails than th«
Citizens of other nations fcr them?
He may answer as did Mr. Representative
Olm»tead of Pennsylvania, that the railroad
companies pay for the steel rails and that It is
the business of nobody else how much they pay
for them, but Olmstead had more courage than
information, for everybody with two Ideas
above a Hottentot knows that everybody that
travels on a railroad, everybody that ships
anything on one. everybody that uaes anything
so chipped helps pay for the steel rails. Th«
raiiroad companies foot the bills in the first
ln«anc« and then make their customers repay
them with Interest at the highest rate the
traffic will bear.
Choose ye between us in November.
Not quite, all Republican statesmen believe
it right. Once In a while a ray of light
breaki in upon the- benithted intellect of a
Republican. For example a year or two
a«t> Hon. J. W. Babcock of Wisconsin, chair
man of the Republican Congressional Cam
paign Committee, had a lucid interval and
advocated in *everal interviews the cutting
<!cwn of tariff rates when they are so high
&• to encourage the formation of trusts and
when they enabled the manufacturer to sell
his wares cheaper abroad than at home. He
went further and introduced bills to that
effect, but the Republican ieacens got hoid
of Babcock and by conxinp. bullying or other
means checked his ardor as a tariff reformer.
sine* when he has been as dumb as an oyster.
I am citing Babcock's performance in his
moment of lucidity to show that to advocate
the cutting down of outrageous tariff rates
In the foregoing cases does not prove that a
mar. is the enemy of his country as the stand-
P*tters would have you believe. The stand
pat organs and speakers claim that only anti
quated sorts of our manufactured articles are
sold abroad cheaper than to Americans at
home. That theory is very Ingenious, but
unfortunately it is not true, for steel rails
ar« sold abroad at $S per ton less than they
aru sold at home, and the fashions In steel
rails remain the same or substantially so.
WANTS EXPLANATION'.
Is wronx *nd tfiey stand by the American
farmer.
Southern California Delegates Manifest
a Disposition to Break Away
From Instructions.
Disorder of Delegates Delays Hearing of
Report of Committee on Perma
nent Organization.
HEARST CHIEFS REALIZE
HOPELESSNESS OF FIGHT
MISSOURI CONGRESSMAN'S
SPEECH WINS ATTENTION
CHAMP CLARK TAKES CHARGE OF DEMOCRATIC GATHERING AS PERMANENT CHAIRMAN
THE SAN,. FRANCISCO ? XALL, FRIDAY,. JULY 8, 1904.
TICKS KILLED
BY CRUDE OIL
3
ADVEBTISEMENT*^
t, We start, a sale to-day of suits
worth from $12.50 to $l?.5O at,
' We make the above statement assuring you that we have
s/'Cr^- actually reduced these suits from $12.50, $15.00 and $17.50
. We are ready to back up the statement with the merchan-
: 0& — <*- dise. No customer will be urged to buy— the suits themselves
are sufficient argument. Furthermore, any purchaser can have
Mr~L~^ n i s money back if, when he takes the suit home, he is not thor-
»^^^p^^^P Wtr~ -5&-- oughly satisfied that the reductions are just as we claim.
|^^^^^^|^ At stock-taking we found numerous suits that we wanted to
ITvi^T""" close out. We also took suits which have recently been received
U^.vC:~ a £d reduced them so as to make a full assortment of patterns
Lj--/ t-sj complete in every size from 34 to 42. ¦
, f 7j \'}J\ The patterns are steel blue, gun metal gray and nut brown in
fiillpp ilPllli i 'f- \' m ¦ mixtures, stripes and checks. The style is single breasted, cut in
Ifitii! j &\ \ f.f the latest effects— broad concave shoulders, narrow lapels and
Jplillf iilSi = ; .'J H close fitting collar. The garments are hand tailored throughout
llpPi^ IPlliSf i )'- I' 7 ! anc - we guarantee the tit.
Illflff Iplti \ i'J ~~ As for quality, judge the suits by their former prices and not
llif? ISP ---! ky the sale price/
740 Market StreetHow a monkey pursued by a boa
constrictor was saved is told by A. L.
W. Goodschalk, United States Consul
at Guayaquil. Ecuador. ThebiK rep
tiles haye a- failing for monkeys and
these agije little pets must keep a con
stant lookout for them. If Jocko drops
into a doze he is likely to "wake up
dead." : '^.T,,: .,
On the occasion -with which the story
deals a monkey's life was saved by
the picture of the ¦ JWherican eagle. The
consulate sign all over the world is a
fine reproduction of the king of birds
in full color, with outspread wings. A
new sign had just been received and
was waiting on a chair Inside the
room.
A big boa constrictor chased' the
house monkey across the/ yard and
through the open window. Jocko was
making a good race, but a losing one.
He was in the corner quaking with
fear and very near to death's door
when the pursuer confronted the pic
ture of the eagle in its menacing atti
tude. A snake fears eagles even more
than it craves monkeys and that par
licular reptile turned tail and went out
of the window as". quickly as if the
devil were after it. •
That monkey \was a smart monkey
and now whenever it wants to take a
nap it goes to roost over the picture of
the eagle.— Chicago Chronicle.
Picture Saves a Monkey.
Postoflicc Promotion.
George S. McCard has been pro
moted from sub-clerk to mail' clerk in
the Postofflce.
Californians In Xcw York.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco — W. D. Brown, at the
Cosmopolitan; H. M. Corbett, at the
Grenoble; K. Fuhrman, at the Sin
clair; A. L. Schooley, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. Schwartz, at the Belve
dere; C. H. Spear and wife, at the
Grenoble; M. J. Sullivan and wife, at
the As'tor; H. Barth, at the Earling
ton; Mrs. E. Breese, C. D. Hoskins and
wife, at the Holland; L. Barnes, W.
F. Barnes and wife, at the Astor.
From Los Angeles — Dr. H. S. Bay
lers and L. T. Bradford, at the Herald
Square; J. E. Rice, at the Belvedere.
LOSES FINGERS IX "MANGLE."— A guit
for fc'O.OOO damas?s for crushed fingers was
filed yesterday in the Superior Court by
Amelia Geruens against the California art'i
Hawaiian Sugar Refining Company. She al
leges that she was In the employ of the com
pany's laundry at Crockett, fa!., on February
8 of this year as * hand Ironer and. Inexperi
enced, was put to work on the. "mangle." Her
fingers were shortened in the operation.
"Well, write to him and tell him to
send you the 50,000 francs he owes you."
"But he only owes me 10,000/' ob
jected the other.
"Precisely." rejoined the Baron, "and
he will write and tell you so and thus
you will get his acknowledgment of
it." — Exchange.
Upon a client complaining to Baron
Rothschild that he had lent 10,000
francs to a person who had gone off to
Constantinople without leaving any
knowledgment of the debt, the Baron
said:
Rothscliild's Way of Doing.
MrQrAIDE WANTS SALARY.— James P.
McQualde. assistant warden of til* City and
County Hospital, yesterday applied to tha
Superior Court for a writ of mandate to com
pel Auditor Baehr to audit his salary war
rants for the montha of January, February,
March. April. May and June, for S12S a month.
The claims have been -approved by Warden
M. W. Fleming and Health Officer T>. F.
Ratran. Presiding. Judge Graham Issued th-»
writ and made It returnable to Judge Hebbarrt
on August IS.
Former Lieutenant Governor Shee
han held court to-night as usual,
many delegation heads coming to see
him and the animation at his quar
ters was in great contrast to the quiet
at Tamamny. The Parker people with
their usual cautiousness refused to
give out any figures to-night, but
August Belmont was authority for
the statement that Parker would be
named on the first ballot. Indeed, the
impression is general that in spite of
Senator Hill's desire to allow the first
ballot to pass it will develop enough
votes to nominate.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— Tammany is
arranging to start for home to-mor
row night and that is taken as an In
dication of resignation on their part
to the programme arranged by the
Parker men.
3Iembers Make Arrangements to Rc
. turn to Xew York To-NI§ht.
TAMMAXY IS RESIGNED.
Death of Santa Clara's Treasurer.
SAN JOSE, July .7. — Herbert C.
Mumford, Treasurer of the town of
Santa ' Clara, died -this morning of
pneumonia. He was a native ot Eng
land and 60 years of age. Mumford
had been a resident of Santa Clara for
thirty-eight years and for a number
of years was a member of the Board
of Education. In April last • he was
elected Treasurer by a large major
ity.
Death of a Centenarian.
CHICAGO, July 7.— Benedict Man
del, 102 years of 'age, is dead at the
Jewish Home for the Aged. He was
in perfect possession of his mental
faculties to within five minutes of his
death.
Bishop Bnreess' Widow Passes Away.
BOSTON, July 7.— Mrs. Sophia Kip
Burgess, widow of Bishop George Bur
gess, the first Episcopalian Bishop of
Maine, died at her Brookline home
to-day, age'd 88. She was the sister
of Bishop William Ingraham Kip, the
first Bishop of California, and ¦ the
daughter of Leonard Kip. a noted New
York merchant in its early days. A
nephew, " Rev. Leonard Kip Storrs,
D. D., is rector of St. Paul's jChurch
at Brookline. -» ' £-r , ;
VALLEJO. July 7. — Death has end
ed the sufferings of Chester Shade, the
prominent merchant, who while out
driving last Monday was terribly in
jured by coming in contact with a live
electric wire near Cordelia. He died
to-day, his death following the am
putation of his left arm and leg.
Shade will be buried by the Vallejo
Lodge of Elks, of which he was a
prominent member.
INJURIES PROVE FATAL.
Charles B. Hudson of_ Detroit and
Clancey Juday of -Boulder, -Colo.,
members of the United States Fish
ery Commission, are registered at th<»
Occidental. They have been studying
the fish in Lake Tahoe and its tribu
tary streams and" are now on their
way to Mount Whitney to examine
into the conditions of the fish in the
streams in that locality.
Julius Kruttschnitt, director of
maintenance and operations of the
Harriman lines, has started from Chi
cago for San Francisco on a tour of
inspection and is due here in> about
a week.
Frank H. Johnson of Louisville,
Ky., has been .at the St. Francis sev
eral days arranging for accommoda
tions for the Knights Templar of that
City who will attend the coming con
clave.
n. B. Burns, j chief engineer oi the
Pacific Bystem of the Santa Fe Com
pany, arrived from Los Angeles yes
terday and is staying at the Palace.
R. H. F. Penrose, the well known
mining man, who has been a guest at
the Palace for several days, will leave
to-day on a pleasure trip to Australia.
Charles J. Lantry of Strong cKy.
Kana., who, -with his brother, has the
contract for filling in China basin, ar
rived yesterday foom the East and is
at the Palace.
General Manager C. H. Markham
and Chief Engineer Wililam Hoo<I of
the Southern Pacific Company do
parted yesterday on a tour of inspec
tion of the company's southern sys
tem.
-> W. Cannon Forbes, president of the
Philippine Commission to the St.
Louis Exposition, arrived here yester
day and is registered -at, the Palace.
He is-on his way to Manila.
Dr. Fred G. Baird, who has been ill
for some time, is rapidly recovering
and is preparing for a few weeks' out
ing in Sonoma County.
Dr. Edward Sears of Salem is at the
Occidental.
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero is
at the Grand.
J. L.. Gillis. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
. H. R. Warner, proprietor of Byron
Springs, is at the Palace.
John Finnell, the well known ranch
er of Tehama, is at the Palace.
Richard Belcher, an attorney of
Marysville. is at the St. Francis.
W. P. Dunham, a capitalist of Los
Angeles, and family are at the St.
Francis.
;¦ Wants pat for lost trunk — es
trayed baggage of the value of $663 50 Is the
basis of a suit filed yesterday In the Superior
Court by Mary G. Connolly against the Chi
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad The
plaintiff alleges that she Intrusted to the rail
road, at Boston, a trunk containing a gold
watch and chain, wearing apparel, bed lin^n
and silverware for delivery at San Francisco
but it has been lost. She sues for the sum
named.
WITNESS WANTS RELEASE. — A. D.
Lemon, on behalf of Mamie Barry, yesterday
applied to the Superior Court for a writ of
habeas corpus to release her from the Jail at
the Hall of Justice, where sh« is held as a
witness to th<« assault upon three men In South
San Francisco. Prceldlnjr Judge Graham
made the writ returnable to himself and will
hear, It to-day.
RECEIPTS OF GEARY-STREET ROAD —
The recei:>ts of the Geary-street road during
June were $11,020 93. Five Der cent of this
amount, or $.">0H 49, was paid into the city
treasury yesterday under an agreement with
the company.
HEALTH BOARD GETS ECONOMICAL.—
The Health Board yesterday laid off for pur
poses of economy P. Smith. J. Sweeney, J.
Driscoll. C. Holloway, T. Rossi, P. Klrby and
F. Ktlday, who were employed on the^ China
town cleaning squad.
KING'S DAUGHTERS TO HOLD SALE.—
The King's Daughters of Fruitvale will hald a
cake and apron sale to-morrow at the armory
corner of Sixteenth street and Fruitvale
avenue. Besides an entertaining programme,
dainty refreshments will be served from 2 till
6 o'clock.
PERSONAL.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
I BRIEF CITY NEWS.
A subcommittee, composed of Chair
man Clarence Crowell, J. F. Glover. H.
T. Hempstead. A. H. Breed and S. N.
"Wyckoff, was selected to name the ap
pointed delegates to the county con
vention and. also fifteen appointed dele
gates to the State convention. This
committee was appointed by a resolu
tion substituted for one presentetl by
Dr. Tisdale that district committeemen
should name the delegates.
A. Gore Roberts, committeeman from
Eden Township, resigned and "William
Zambrisky was elected to the vacancy.
Fifty-second District— All of Berkeley an-1
part uf First 'Ward, with Piedmont, Clarr
mont and Ocean View, 45 delegates; total £i.!
delegates.
The appointment of delegates to the
county convention is based on erne dele
gate to each fifty votes cast for George
C. Pardee for Governor. Under the
call the delegates will be apportioned
as follows:
Forty-sixth Assembly Dl3trict — <8 delegates
appointed
Forty-seventh District — Alameda City
blanketed. 3tt delegates.
Forty-eighth District — Portion of Sixth
Ward. 11 delegates; portions of Fourth.
Fifth and Sixth wards. 25 delegates; total. '¦>•
delegates.
Forty-ninth District — Following ward lines,
exrept Emeryville. 35 delegates.
Fiftieth District — Following Senatorial and
Supervisorial district lines, 48 delegate*.
Fifty - first District — Seventh Ward and
Brooklyn Township outside. 37 delegates.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee thl3 afternoon issued a call for
a county nominating convention, to
be held in Oakland August 20. This
body will name the legislative and su
pervisorial candidates to be voted for
at the November election. The call
adopted provides for 283 delegates from
the seven Assembly districts, of whom
66, from points outside of Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda. will be ap
pointed by the committee. The ap
pointed delegates will come from dis
tricts not included within the manda
tory provisions of the primary election
law. The call also provides for the
election of delegates on August 9 under
the State primary law. The call was
adopted by a vote of thirteen to* seven.
the opposition to it being led by Dr.
C. I*. Tisdale and J. B. Lanktree, com
mitteemen from Alameda.
Clarence Crowell. chairman of the
County Commitee. presided and Georpe.
S. Pierce was secretary. When the call
and petition were presented and read
Dr. Tisdale asked why the call pro
vided for the appointment orf delegates
in the outside districts. Chairman
Crowell replied that this was follow
ing the action of the Republican Con
gressional Committee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
101« Broadway, July 7.
The. endeavor of the Secretary of War, by
pledging the Government's indorsement for
"promoters" In the Philippine Islands, to
make the United States a partner in specu
lative exploitations of the archipelago, which
We insiot we ought to do for the Filipinos
what we have already done for the Cubans and
It Is our Intent as soon as It can be done
wisely and safely for the Filipinos themselves,
and after amicable arrangements with them
concerning naval stations, coaling stations and
trade relations and upon suitable guarantees
of protection to all national and Internation
al Interests to settle the people upon their feet,
free and independent.
capable, of reclamation is" accomplished, re
serving the lands reclaimed for homeseekers In
small tracts and rigidly guarding against land
monopoly, an an evidence of the policy of
domestic development contemplated by the
Democratic party, should it be placed In power.
We favor the preservation, so far as we
can. of an open door for the world's com
merce In the Orient without unnecessary en
tanglements in Oriental and European affairs
and without arbitrary, unlimited. Irresponsible
and absolute government anywhere within our
realms. We oppose as fervently, as dM
George Washington himself an indefinite.
Irresponsible, discretionary and vague
absolutism and * policy of colonial exploit
ation, no matter where or by whom invoked or
exercised: We believe, with Thomas Jefferson
and John Adams, that no government has a
right to make one set of laws for those "at
home" and another and a different set of laws,
absolute in their character, for those "In the
colonies." AH men under the American flag
are entitled to the prootectlon of the institu
tions whose emblem the flag is; tf they are In
herently unfit for those institutions then th»y
are Inherently unfit to be members of the
.American body politic. Wherever there may
exist a people incapable of being governed un
der American laws, in consonance with the
American constitution, the territory of that
people ought not to be part of the American
domain. _
We favor the upbuilding of a merchant
marine without new or additional burdens
upon the people and without' bounties from
the public treasury. <
The Democratic party stands committed to
the principles of civil service reform and we
demand their honest, just and impartial en
forcement. We denounce the Republican party
for its continuous encroachment upon the spirit
and operation of civil service rules, whereby
it has arbitrarily dispensed with examinations
for office' In the Interests of favorites and em
ployed all manner of devices to overreach and
set aside the principles upon which the civil
service wa6 established.
\W demand the extermination of polygamy
within the Jurisdiction of the United States
and the complete eeparation of church and
state In polltfcal affairs.
• We conevatulate our Western citizens upon
the passage, of the measure known as the
Newlands Irrigation act for the irrigation and
reclamation of the arid lands of the West — a
measure framed by a Democrat, passed in the
Senate by a non-partisan vote and passed in
the House against the opposition of almost all
the Republican leaders by a vote the majority
of which was> Democratic.
We call attention to this great Democratic
measure, broad and comprehensive as It is,
working automatically throughout all tlm
wlthout further action of Congress until the
reclamation e>t all the Unds In the and Wist
We denounce the ship subsidy bill recently
passed by the United States Senate as In
iquitous appropriation of public funds for pri
vate purposes and a wasteful, illogical and
useless attempt to overcome by subsidy ob
structions raised by Republican legislation to
the growth and development of American
commerce on the gea.
many .battles or aggrandized by «xecutive
appropriations out of the treasures of a pros
trate people in violation of the act of Con
gress which fixes the compensation and allow
ances of the military officers.
MERCHANT MARINE.
Representatives. Those From
Outside Districts, to Be
Chosen Without Election
We pledge oureelves to Insist upon the Just
and lawful protection of our citizens at home
and abroad, and to use all proper measures
to secure for them, whether native born -or
naturalized and without distinction of raoi
or creed, the actual protection of laws and
the enjoyment of all rights and privileges
op»n to them under the covenants of ' our
treaties of friendship and commerce; and If
under existing treaties the right of travel and
sojourn Is denied to American ' citizens or
recognition is withheld from American pass
ports by any country . on the ground of race
or creed, we favor the beginning of negotla
tions with the governments of such countries
to secure by n-rw treaties the removal of
th*se unjust discriminations.
The Democracy would secure to the surviv
ing soldiers and sailors and their dependents
genfrous pensions, not by arbitrary executive
order, but by legislation which a grateful
people stand ready to <"nact.
Our soldiers and sailors* who defend with
their lives the constitution and the laws have
a sacred intereat in their just administration.
They must, therefore, share with us the humil
latlon with which we- have witnessed the ex
altation of court favorites,, without distin
guished service, over the scarrel heroes of
the matter of transportation.
We favor the maintenance of th'e Monroe
doctrine in its full integrity.
We favor a liberal trade treaty with Canada.
We favor the reduction of th« army and of
army expenditures to the point historically
dwnonet rated to be safe and sufficient.
We favor the maintenance and liberal an
nual increase of the navy as our beet defense
In our isolated continental condition against a
foreign foe and a source of no possible danger
to the liberties to our people.
We favor the enactment and administration
of laws riving labor and capital Impartially
their Just rights. Capital and tabor ought not
to be enemies. Each Is necessary to the other.
Each has its rights, but the rights of labor
are certainly, no less "vested," no lees
."sacred" and no less "inalienable" than the
rights of capital.
The following is the apportionment
by Assembly Districts: Twenty-eighth
9. Twenty-ninth 12. Thirtieth 13, Thirty
first 12, Thirty-second 11, Thirty-third
fc. Thirty-fourth 9. Thirty-fifth 9. Thir
ty-sixth W, Thirty-seventh 10, Thirty
eighth 10. Thirty-ninth 7. Fortieth 6,
J*orty-first 7, Forty-second 10, Forty
third K Forty-fourth 9. Forty-fifth S.
Precinct registration, which had
been in. progress for two days, closed
last night. A total of 6901 was re-
Torted i n Jug n recinct«, with five more
Ijrecincts to hear from. During the
two days there were registered at the
• Oty Hall 6S1. which brings the total
registration since January up to 46.
74S, with the. five missing precincts to
be added. Thert? will be no other
precinct registration prior to the pri
mary election on August 9. but voters
Who have not yet registered can do so
:-t the Kegistr.-ir's office in the City
Hall op to and including July 20. The
followine: i* the number registered in
each district during the two days-
Twenty-eighth. 215; Twentv-ninth",
250; Thirtieth, 228; thirty-first. 267*
Thirty-second, 369; Thirty-third. °00 :
Thirly-fourih. 213; Thirty-fifth. 230 :
Thirty-sixth, LT,6; Thirty-seventh'
217; Thirty-eighth. 234: Thi'rty-ninth'
17T.: Fortieth. 145; Forty-first, 176;
Forty-second, 177; Forty-third. 162-
Forty- fourth, 195; Fortv-fifth 214 '
The petition to be filed with the
County Clerk was passed upon and
adopted. The apportionment of dele
gates gives a voting power of 168 in
the convention but the date of the
gathering was not fixed. The appor
tionment is on the basis of one delegate
for each 2(K) votes cast for Franklin K.
Lane and one delegate for each major
fraction thereof.
Cook moved its adoption, but
Fymmes argued that as chairman of
th*» committee authorized to draft the
iihw document he bad never been con-
Fult^d regarding the matter submitted
8nd vould object to its adoption. He
pored the matter be referred back to
the committee to report. Cook stood
his pround and said he did not see
v hat thp committee could accomplish
Jn one hour when , it had been unable
t«i do anything in eight months. He
t>ranch*»d out on a general discussion
of the question, but Secretary De Mar
tini raised a point of orCcr that the
document was in reality a resolution
and fhould be submitted to the com
mittee on resolutions. Cook differed
but the chair bo held and Cook ap
pealed from the decision.
John F. Mullen roared. He roared so
hard that Hickey's mallet was making
his desk red hot with rapidity of ac
tion. Th* chair ruled Mullen out of
order, but in order to give Mullen a
chance to cut Joose Cook withdrew his
appeal and allowed Mullen to appeal.
Mullen said hf» did appeal and would
6tate his reasons, the bulk of which
were thct HSckpy had taken the floor
¦while hfi was secretary of the commit
tee and fought the same sort of ruling
v hirh he was attempting to make at
this time. "You can stultify yourself
if you want to." shouted Mullen, "but
I appeal from your decision just the
Eame." Despite the cries for a roll-eati
the question was put to a rising vote
end the chair sustained.
Th*> last meeting of the committee re
solved to use the old constitution and
by-laws until new ones could be
adopted. Cook, Symmes and Manning
had been appointed a sub-committee
to draft new rpgulations for the com
mittee's guidance, but the sub-com
mittee never held a meeting. Hoff
Cook, as on«» member of the commit
tee, did. Last night, as poon as Chair
man EUcfcey swung his mallet and the
roll rail had been dispensed with by
a rising but divided vote. Cook pre
sented ¦ document to be known as the
constitution and by-laws of the Dem
ocratic committee. The only radical
change from the old articles was ar
ticle f'ight. wh^h gives to each dis
trict the right to name its own pri
mary ticket.
Tom Hickey had a mallet last night
and with that mallet he pounded
through Gavin McXab's programme in
the meeting of the Democratic County
Central Committee. Tom was secre
tary of th? old committee, and as such
was always a stickler for doing the
right things. While his doings last
night may not have been right, accord
ing to some of the members, he did
them anyhow.
Rejects New Constitution,
as It Places the Power
Where If Is Not Wanted
TO APPOINT DELEGATES
APPORTIONS DELEGATES
Stable Currency, Curbing of Trusts, Eeonomy and Jeffersonian
Simplicity in the Conduct of the Government and Antk
Imperialism Are Features of Party's Pledge.
Coimty Committee Decides
Upon Plans for Primaries
and a Local Convention
Xo Date Fixed for Conven
tion of the County Demo
crats to Name Their Ticket
"It is said that Hearst has in many
instances been too trusting with his
money and his confidences and that
he has often been given vJiat Is
known as the 'dinky dirtk.' "
" 'Quit your kiddinV *aid the tiger
henchman. 'Don't you know that the
New York delegation is instructed for
Parker, and we are bound by the unit
rule? Wake up, Willie.* "
"The amount of money spent by Mr.
Hearst at the finish will represent ap
proximately the sum for which he
mortgaged his New York newspapers.
How much of this money was actual
ly spent in endeavoring to further the
candidate's interests will never be
known. It is computed by wise ones
that many hundreds of thousands or
dollars have not yet been spent at all,
though separated forever from Mr.
Hearst.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Th.e World haa
the following from St. Louis:
"W. R. Hearst's high tide in the con
vention will show not more than 150
votes, and probably desertions between
now and the voting will lower these
figures. One hundred and fifty votes
will be the net result of a campaign
expenditure of $1,400,000 In round num
bers. Until the time the caravan of
Hearst boomers reached St Louis the
campaign had cost the Californian
$100,000 short of the foregoing sum, and
in admitting the heavy outlay Hearst's
friends said that he expected to spend
$100,000 here. Comparing expenses and
net returns, it will be seen that each
vote in the convention will have cost
Mr. Hearst about $9333.
"The extraordinary cost is attribut
ed to the fact that Mr. Hearst is a
novice in politics and to the further
fact that his managers and advisers
are for the most part green hands in
the political battlefield. While a con
gregation of personal friends, newspa
per employers and mercenaries have
essayed practical politics, considering
money the root of office, they are said
to have signally failed when met by
political wiudom with age on it.
"One instance is pointed out as indi
cating the supernatural political
knowledge of Hearst's most active
lieutenant. This clever and robust
young man went to see a hard-faced
Tammany Jeader to 'arrange things.'
He said he wanted to arrange a deal
whereby if Tammany would throw its
strength to Hearst in the early ballot
ing, when it became evident that
Hearst could not win, the Hearst forces
would be thrown to a Tammany-can
didate.
Editor Allesrci to Have Expended
$1,400,000 In His Campaign.
. • *
COST OF HEARST'S AMBITION.
was only temporarily held by the opposition
of Democratic Senators In ths last session,
will, if sucessful, lead to a permanent' en-
Unglemtnt from which It will be difficult to
escape.
STATEHOOD FOR TERRITORIES.
We favor statehood for Oklahoma and the
Indian Territory, statehood for Arizona. »tate
hood for New Mexico and » Territorial Gov
ernment for Porto Rico.
Wo favor the election of United States Sen
ators by direct vote of the people.
We demand an enlargement ' of the powers
of the Interstate Commerce Commission to the
end that the traveling public and shippers
of this country may have prompt and adequate
relief for the abuses, they ar« subjected to in
We condemn the Republican system of
legislation under which trust monopolies arc
enabled to exact higher prices for their manu
factured products from our own people than
they sell them for abroad. V n
We demand that the restraint 'of such
Illegal combinations be entrusted to the Demo
cratic party, which Is not responsible for
their existence and which has ever protested
against their continuance
w * wornlre that the gigantic trusts and
combinations designed to enable capital to se
cure more than lta Just share of the product
of capital and labor and which have been
fostered and promoted under Republican rule
*ll.* , men * ce to beneficial competition and an
obstacle to permanent prosperity.
We demand the vigorous and Impartial en
forcement of the laws already made to prevent
and control such trusts and combinations afffi
we favor such further legislation in restraint
thereof as experience shows to be necessary
Corporations chartered by authority of the
Pfople must forever remain subject to regula
tion In the Interest of the people A private
monopoly Is Indefensible and Intolerable We
recognize the right of capital In all legitimate
lines of entcrnrlse to combine for the increase
of business, for enlarging productive capacity
and for decreasing the cost of production, but
when euch combination In It* purpose or effect
create* or tend to create a monopoly In its
production*, to restrain trade or Ktlfle competi
tion, to Increase cost to the consumer or to
control the market It violates the Rplrit of
our laws, becomes Inimical to the public we],
fare and peace and should be so regulated
controlled or prohibited by law as to amply
protect the public Interests. ¦
Our party having Ions: earnestly advocated
the construction of an interoceanlc canal for
the pun>one of national defense and. commerce
b-tween the States and with foreign nations,
favor tne early completion of the Isthmian
""•;. Bu ': while making this declaration and
accepting the results as an accomplished fact
we cannot express too forcibly our disapproval
of the methods by which the canal route has
VC'7 *^ uired - °J to ° solemnly record our hope
that this precedent of defiant diplomacy may
never be used against us to our humiliation and
The discoveries of gold within the past few
years and the great Increase in, the production
thereof, adding two thousand million dollars to
the worlds supply, of which seven hundred
million falls to the share of the United States
has contributed to the maintenance of- a money
standard of value no longer open to question,
removing; that Issue from the field of political
contention.
FOR A GOLD STANDARD.
\\ e should bear In mind, in short.' these two
things: First the general principle that the
sole object of the power of taxation is the sup
port of the Federal Government economically,
effectively and constitutionally administered,
and. second, the equal truth that in the asser
tion of any general principle and In righting
any ultimate end. however sacredly and logical
ly unavoidable, due regard must and should be
paid to actually existing conditions.
•i. We favor the reduction of tariff taxa
tion upon trust produced articles to the point
where foreign competition may enter the
American market whenever trusts and com
ics, seeking monopoly, raise their prices to
tm> American consumer above a reasonable and
just profit, by such reduction depriving trusts
and monopolies of the power to extort from
the American people, under shelter of Ameri
can law. prices higher than those charged for
eigners for identical articles.
We favor a wise, conservative and business
like revision and a gradual reduction of the
tariff by the friends of the masses and for the
commonwealth and not by the friends of Its
abuses, its extortions and Its discriminations,
keeping in view the ultimate end of "equality
of burdens and equality of opportunities" and
the constitutional purpose of raising a revenue
by taxation, to wit: the support of Re Fed
eral Government. In all its integrity and
virility, and keeping also In view existing con
ditions, however wrongfully, mistakenly or
unjustly brought about, and the danger to the
caus? of tariff reform itself of abrupt reversal
of policy. •
REVISION* OF THE TARIFF.
Thpse publicly favored enterprises have been
converted into monopolies, thus bringing to
an end domestic comDetitlon, which was the
only check upon the extravagant profits made
possible by the protective system. These In
dustrial combinations, by the financial assist
ance they can give, now control the policy of
the Republican party.
3. We favor ' the nomination and election
of a President trained in the ways of the
constitution, who shall place his face sternly
against corruption of legislation and Judicial
functions, whether veiled under the guise of
executive construction of existing laws or
whether it take refuge In the assertion of
sur»erlor whims.
4. The Democratic party ha> been and will
continue to be the consistent opponent of that
class of tariff legislation by which certain in
dividuals have been permitted, through Con
gressional favor, to draw a heavy tribute from
the American people. This monstrous per
version of those equal opportunities which our
institutions were established to secure has
caused what may once have been Infant In
dustries to become the greatest combinations
of capital that the world has ever known.
1- Large reductions can readily be made In
the annual expenditure of the Government
without Impairing the efficiency of any branch
of the public service, and we shall insist upon
the strictest economy and frugality compatible
with vigorous and efficient civil, military and
naval administration a* a right of the people
too clear to be denied or withheld.
2. The enforcement ot honesty in the public
service and thorough legislative Investigation
of those departments of the Government al
ready known to teem with corruption, as well
as other departments suspected of harboring
corruption and the punishment of ascertained
cnrruptlonlsts without fear or favor or regard
to persons. The persistent and deliberate r}
fv!Eal of the Senate and House of Representa
tives to permit such investigation to be made
by either branch of Congress demonstrates that
only by a change In the executive can com-*
plete exposure and punishment of corruption
b-> obtained. The Government should not per
mit Itself to be robbed by entering Into con
tracts with convicted trusts or unlawful com
binations in restraint of Interstate trade. We
believe that one of the best methods of pro
curing economy and honesty in the public
service is to have public officials return as
nearly as may be to Jeffersonian simplicity
of living.
ECONO3IICAL GOVERNMENT.
The application of these fundamental prin
ciples to the living Issue* of the day consti
tute* the first step toward the assured peace,
safety and progress of our nation. Freedom
of the press, of conscience and of speech:
equality before th» law of all cltlrens; the
right of trial by jury: freedom of the person
defended by the writ of habeas corpus; liberty
of personal contract untrammeled by sump
tuary laws; the supremacy of the civil over
military: a well -disciplined militia: the sep
aration of church and state; economy in ex
penditures: low taxes, that labor may be
lightly burdened; the prompt and sacred fulfill
ment of private obligations: fidelity to treaties;
peace and friendship with all nations, en
tangling alliances with none; adequate acquies
cence in the will of the majority, the vital
principle of republic* — these are doctrines
which Democracy has established as proverbs
of the* nation and they should be constantly in
voked, preached and enforced.
We. the delegated of the Democratic party
of the Lnltsd State*. In national convention
assembled, declare our devotion to the essential
principles of the I>mocratie faith, uhlch
hrlng* us together In party communion.
Ln<ler them local self-Rovernment and nation,
al unity and prosperity were alike established.
They underlaid our independence, the structure
cf our free republic and every Democratic ex
tension from Louisiana to California and Texas
to Oregon, which preserved faithfully In all
the States the tie between taxation and repre
pentstlon. They yet Inspire the masses of our
people, guarding Jealously their rights and
liberties and cherishing their fraternity peace
and orderly development. They remind u« of
our duties and responsibilities as citizens and
impress upon usi particularly at this time, the
necessity of reform and the rescue of the ad
ministration of government from ¦ the head
strong, arbitrary and spasmodic methods which
distract business by uncertainty and pervade
the public mind with dread, distrust and per
turbation.
ST. LOUIS. July 7.— The sub-commit
tee of the committee on resolutions
spent the entire day until 5 o'clock? in
perfecting the details of the Democratic
platform, concluding at that hour with
the adoption of a gold standard plank.
The plank was voted upon during: the
absence of Bryan and Congressman
Williams and the ballot stood 7 to 3,
the affirmative votes being cast by
Daniel, Hill. Pattison, Hamlin. Cable,
Poe and Davis and the negative votes
by Dubois, Shively and Newiands. The
understanding was that if Bryan and
Williams had been present they would
have cast their votes in the negative,
thus bringing the opposition vote to
five. As agreed upon by the sub-com
mittee, the text of the platform fol
lows:
REPUBLICANS
ISSUE A CALL
CREED OF CONSERVATIVES IS EMBODIED
IN A LONG DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES
M'NAB RULES
COMMITTEEMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY S, 190*.
COMMITTEE IN CHARGE OF DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM ADOPTS GOLD-STANDARD PLANK
There Is one leper for every- 600 of
the world's population.
4
HOUSEHOLD
SPOKTIXG SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
XEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In Keeping wfth its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pcfouz? Scale Com-
pany of Chicago to manufacture
a *i>eeial lot of these useful
household and sporting scales
cppjeeially for tlie use of Its
"Want Ad." patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing a Want Advertisement
for. insertion in next Sunday's
CALL Hill receive one of these
u-« ful little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot he
imrclmsed for less than that
n mount, so our patrons will
readily realize that THE CALL
Is not only issuing the best
lircniiums ever offered by a
newspaper, but Is ziving them a
bcrlcs of useful articles that
cannot be purcliascd locally for
three and often four times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a big Induce-
ment' to Insert »your ad. In this
iwpcr, not to mentioi. anything
of the big returns advertisers
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL.
] ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Vj New Fall Fabrics Cut, in the Very
/0^^A^ Latest* Effects Now So Popular
,j$£|§f-':- j As a rule, the boy under 14 years wears whatever style of suit
/f^^M ° 1" • k S his P arents purchase for him.
•^^^®l ;> I \ : Wk. But the youth from 14 years up generally is judge and jury of
Vm>H^ what he shall wear.
¦fe$g^ Wh WS^-iii To young men who are particular about their clothes we have
this t0 say: Y 9 U wiI1 find our garments cut in the latest style of the
¦^Hg^» s - season - For instance, these suits at $7.50 are made with broad
i|^«- : :^!^ 1 i '&J chested effect, close fitting neck, long, narrow lapels and broad con-
cave shoulders. The fabrics are the patterns which will be popular
<S|P^ -*'4K^i is a11 * We nave tne su^ ts f rom to * 9 ye ar s and every garment
I^SPp^fe . is cut with due regard tor style and fit.
m^^^^M To tne P ar ents who have to buy these clothes we have this to
\ m^^^^^m say ; e are the only firm on this coast manufacturing all the clothes
W- '"'¦' iWfiK V we 'sell, and consequently are the only firm that can save you the
mSm^^^m middleman's profit. You will be convinced when you see that these
M||pte|| suits at $7.50 are the same you pay S10.00 for elsewhere.
$K$m pftSij For rough wear the best clorhes for boys is the khaki suit, which
fliiif Pitt wil1 w ? ar and wash - We liave the suits wit^ Norfolk jackets and lone
iiPif ISii . pants in ages 4 to 17 years at $1.50 a suit.:-- - S
• Iflf iSpl - B °y s cowboy hats in large and medium brims, with stamped
r.'- v /«^':^g ic<tiner oanos, at
iillf / i^H *' Mexican grass hats for camping, suitable for men, women bovs
llSi^ 1ll|l|^ Ladies' genuine Panamas, with large brims, at $1.00.
¦ v ¦ .. ¦¦ v *4U rvitirKct. street . • •The Supreme Court decided yester
day, In a suit brought by the South
ern California ¦ /Investment Company
against George Wilshlre to quiet title
to the whole of Edgar Creek in San
Bernardino " County, that both plaintiff
Contestants Must Divide Water.
WASHINGTON. July 7,— A cable re
port from Minister Allen at Seoul
points to a danger to both belligerent
armies in Manchuria. He says he has
learned •- from ; a - missionary • surgeon
that cholera has crossed Manchuria
and appeared at Antung. :
Cholera Threatens Both Armies.
Russians Capture Japanese Supplies.
LIAOYANG. July 7. — According to
a* trustworthy report, Major General
Mistchenko on July 5 captured a large
convoy of Japanese provisions, prin
cipally of rice. In the convoy were
fifty head of cattle. In view of the ex
treme heat most of the moving of
troops Is done at- night. /
Professor R. V. Dixon and Instructor
,T. B. Bridges of the San Francisco
Business College at 738 Market street,
who are about to leave the institution,
yesterday received testimonials from
their: pupils. A valuable , bronze clock
was presented to each of the teachers,
accompanied by an- address voicing
the students' appreciation of his work.
Professor Dixon goes to Oakland to
open the Dixon Business College there,
while • Mr. Bridges Trill start a com
jnercial school at Eugene, Or.
Teachers Are Honored.
Admiral Skrydioff Leaves Newchwang.
: TIENTSIN.'. July . 7.— It is believed
at-Newchwang. that Vice' Admiral
Skrydloff left that, place on the de
stroyer Lieutenant Burukoff , which is
reported to have arrived at Port Ar
thur last Sunday after running the
blockade. >.' :'f ' ;
Cheap Rates East.
If you are going- to the World'a Fair s»t
ch«ap rate and go via Northern Pacific ¦Rail
way asd Yellow stone Park. Ask about It. T.
K. Stateler. General A sent. 647 Market street.
San Francisco. •
Edwin .Church Dake, .manager of
the well, known advertising agency,
died on July 1 and yesterday a peti
tion for -letters of administration on
his estate was filed by the widow and
sons, Marion A. Dake, Edmund D.
Dake and Leland W. Dake. The es
tate is said to be worth less than $75.
000 and -includes $10,000 worth of
realty in San ' Francisco and Sonoma
counties. ; •r.^v-
Advertising Man's Estate.
and defendant were entitled to use a
reasonable amount of the water flowing
in the stream.
David' Klump, who lives at 1566
Kentucky, street, attempted to take his
life yesterday by slashing his left wrist
¦with-a razor.. As soon as Klump saw
the blood flow from his artery his
courage failed him and he rushed into
the Potrero Hospital for surgical as
sistance. Dr. Buell closed the gaping
wound and had the man transferred
to the .Detention Hospital at the City
Hall, where he will.be passed on to
day touching his mental condition.
Slashed His Wrist With' a Razor.
Believe Germany Will Remain Neutral
TOKIO, July 7, 5:30 p. m.-An of
ficial statement issued here to-day de
clares that the Japanese Government
is confident that Germany will main
tain its neutrality. The Kiachou In
cident Is not regarded seriously by the
Government or the people.
Hugo de Bathe, husband of Lily
Langtry, the actress, is an inmate of
the Waldeck Hospital, which he en
tered yesterday to -receive treatment
for an inflamed leg. His trouble -: is
the resutl of a recent tattooing experi
ence In Samoa. As has already been
reported, De Bathe suffered an attack
of blood poisoning after he had had
his leg tattooed by a Samoan native
and was , compelled to come to,, this
city for treatment. Since his arrival
here Inflammation set in and produced
so much pain' that he finally placed
himself in the care of Dr. George P.
Shlels,- who advised him yesterday .to
go to the hospital.; In: discussing the
case last evening Dr. Shiels said that
no I operation '"¦ would - be required, as it
was simply a; case of Inflammation.
De Bathe in a Hospital.
- The members of the Sempervirens
Club have planned a trip to California
Redwood Park in the Big Basin. The
party will leave San Francisco, Satur
day, July 16, on the 2:15 p. m. narrow
gauge ferry from the foot of Market
street or the 3 p. m. Del Monte express
from Third and i Townsend streets.
Monday morning the city people will
r.eturn to San Francisco. All infor
mation can be obtained by applying to
Charles F. O'Callaghan, recording sec
retary, Nevada block.
Plan* Trip to Redwood Park.
I Mrs. Lachman. who has been ailing
for .several years, was with her
daughter, Mrs. Laucker. in the house
at the time. The mother went to the
bathroom to take some medicine. Her
daughter heard her scream and when
,she reached her. she heard her moth
er say "I've made a mistake.". The
daughter summoned help, but Mrs.
Lachman died on the way to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
' Mrs. Lachman's husband is a tailor
at 1724 %* Market street. She leaves
four grown children, three daughters
and one son. ' >
: Through mistaking a bottle of "car
bolic acid that was on the same shelf
for nerve tonic. Mrs. Ernestine Lach~
man of 1008 Golden Gate avenue lost
her life yesterday, morning. The two
bottles, were on the same shelf and
similar in appearance.
Old Lady Swallows Poison Thinking
It to Be a Recently Purchased
Tonic. . * ,
\ Saki has been taxed as wine with a
duty- of. 50 cents per gallon in bulk
and $1 60 per case.
: Several hundreds*of dollars in du
ties^have-been paid at the wine rate
under protest by importers at Hono
lulu and New York and they have en
gaged Thomas Fitch, "the silver
tongued," to recover the difference,
his compensation to be one-half the
sum recovered.
The United States has appealed
from the decision of the United States
District Court at New .York to the ef
fect that saki should be classed as a
not enumerated article and should pay
a duty of only 20 per cent. The Unit
ed States Circuit Court of Appeals at
New York has the. matter under con
sideration. ,.-.;;
Before the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals.
Japanese Saki the Wine of Contention
TIKES CARBOLIC ACID
BY FATAL 3OSTAKE
THOMAS FITCH SEEKS
: : • TO RECOVER DUTIES
The Briiish gunboat Erpiegle spent
last -wiritM- Pt Netvchwang and left
ther*» on April 12. Last week she was
ordered to return and watch over
British interests at Xewchwang, and
phr arrived there on July 5.
TIENTSIN. July 7. — The British
irunboat Espiegle has left Xewchwang
and returned to Chinwangtao. The
Russian authorities objected to her re
malnlng at Nercrchwang. A Russian
punboat i? anchored at the mouth of
the N'ev. rhwar.gr River for the sup-
I os^d purpose of disputing passage
Fbould the Espiegle return. Heavy
firm? wag heard at Kiachou Wednes
day and it is rumored that the Rus-
Fian? gained a victory.
Russia n.« Object to Presence of British
Gunboat at Xewchwang.
RETURNS TO CHINAVANGTAO.
The, foregoing dispatch may be the
Russian report of the meeting July 1
between the Vladivostok squadron
and the Japanese squadron command
ed by Vice Admiral Kamimura which
was cabled to the Associated Press
from Tokio on Julv 3. The steamer
referred to is probably the Chelten
ham.
LONDON. July 7. — A dispatch to a
news agency from St. Petersburg says
Vice Admiral Skrydloff has reported
that on July 3 the Russian cruisers
commanded by Vice Admiral Bezo
brazoff met a Japanese squadron con
sisting of three battle-ships, four pro
tected cruisers and torpedo-boats in
the Korean Gulf and turned back.
The Japanese pursued the Russians
and fired on them without result.
Japanese torpedo-boats then attacked
the Russians, which returned the at
tack, and Admiral Bezobrazoff be
lieves that two or three torpedo-boats
were sunk. The next morning, the
Japanese had disappeared. The Rus
sians sustained no damage.
Admiral Skrydloff also reports, the
news agency dispatch continues, that
Russian torpedo-boats have again vis
ited Gensan. burned a tug and de
stroyed numerous other boats. Jap
anese troops fired at the torpedo
boats, which replied. The Russians
sustained no losses.
The same dispatch says that Ad
miral Skrydloff confirms the capture
of a third British steamer, which the
admiral says, was loaded with timbers
and sleepers for the Fusan and Seoul
railroad.
Russian Torpedo-Boa ts Burn a Tug
in the Harbor.
AGAIN VISIT GENSAN.
Admiral Togo in an official report
eent out from Tokio on June 25 said
that en the night of June 23 Japanese
torp^o-boat destroyers sunk a battle-
Fhi7j> of the Peresviet type and dis
aMed the battleship Sevastopol off
Port Arthur. That these ships were
damaged by th<» Japanese was subse
quently denied by the Russian authori
ties.
The Japanese bombarded Port Aur
thur from the Pea on June 30, but
¦did not damage the town.
The Chinese say also that two large
¦warships are missing- from the squad
ron which went out from Port Arthur
on June "3 and that the Russian bat
tleship Sevastopol was damaged on
that dav.
CHEFU. July 7, 7 a- m. — Chinese
¦who arrived here last night from Port
Arthur say th« Japanese forces have
termed a complete cordon around the
land tide of the town and that they
sre occupying all the commanding
hills, including- Wolf Mountain, within
a radius of sevtn miles of the fortifica
tions.
Japanese Occupy All the Hills Com
manding Port Arthur.
FORM COMPLETE CORDON*.
TATCHEKIAO, Wednesday, July 6.
(Delayed In transmission.) — The Jap
anese swarmed over the- mountain
crests early this morning and ad
vanced on Kaichou, compelling Gen
eral Chirikoff with the center of the
Russian vanguard to fall back. A
whole brigade of Japanese, with
masses of cavalry, followed and oc
cupied the village of Xantay, driving
out two companies of Rusisan Infan
try and two companies of Cossacks,
who were entrenched there. The Jap
anese arived within five miles of • Kai
chou. It was then nightfall. General
Samsonoff made a heroic attempt to
check the Japanese, galloping out
with guns to shell the Japanese left,
and inflicting great loss on them, but
fearing his retreat would be cut off,
he fell back and is now holding Kai
chou. General Chirikoff's force Is sta
tioned' southeast of Kaichou. The
plans of the Japanes remain a mystery
to the Russian commander*.
Column of Brown Men on the Road
Leading to Liaoyang.
? —
JAPANESE HOLD THE PASS.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7, . 5:03
p. m. — The War Office denies that a
jattle is in progress as reported by the
Liacjyang correspondent of the London
Telegraph, who in a dispatch says
that a Revere battle was proceeding
twenty-five miles from there and a
number, of wounded were being
brought in from the mountains. The
officials of the War Office say .that
the correspondent probably referred
to the reconnaissance In force made
by Lieutenant General Count Keller
July 4 in the direction of Motien Pass,
east of Liaoyang. full details of which
were telegraphed the same day in a
long dispatch from General Sakharoff,
to whose army General Keller's corps
belongs. General Sakharoff reported
that the Russians lost more than 200
officers or men In killed or Wounded.
The report of the Daily Telegraph cor
respondent was doubtless due to his
seeing the stream of wounded brought
In.
The War Office has no news of fur
ther fighting of importance.
Russian Officials Discredit Report of
an Engagement Near Liaoyang.
DEN~Y STORY OF A BATTLE.
From a thoroughly reliable source it
has been learned that ammunition at
Port Arthur is plentiful, and j at the
present rate of consumption It probably
will last longer than the provisions sup
ply. There are enough of the latter to
last one year. Chinese say the en
trance to the harbor of Port Arthur is
unsafe for the passage of vessels. One
Russian warship was slightly damaged
while coming out recently, as a result
of striking a sunken wreck, and two
other warships collided in the entrance
and had to undergo repairs. '
CHEFU, July 7 (noon).— In fighting
which occurred on July 4 for the pos
session of one of the hills northeast of
Port Arthur the Russians lost accord
ing to Chinese one hundred men killed
and fifty men wounded. Fifty Chinese
were sent out to bring in the Russian
dead and wounded.
The Japanese, having occupied the
second range of hills around Port Ar
thur, are now massing men to march
on the Russian marine camp that com
mands the principal pass through the
hills, which Is directly back of Port Ar
thur. This camp is considered vital to
the safety of the fortress, and it Is
guarded, according to the Chinese, by
twenty thousand marines and sailors.
In the Chino-Japanese war the Japan
ese occupied this land for seven days
before they took Port Arthur.
The last junk to leave Port Arthur
was towed out of the harbor, and her
passengers were compelled to remain
below until she had cleared the harbor
entrance. This measure was adopted
to prevent the passengers from obtain
ing knowledge of conditions at the en
trance to the harbor.
Northeast of Port Arthur.
One Hundred Russians Killed In Fight
SUFFER A HEAVY LOSS.
According to official information re
ceived by the War Office the Japanese
began their advance toward Liaoyan?
June 29, one column moving along the
main and the other over the direct
road, the former reaching . Ouhfang
kou, ten miles beyond Fenshui Pass,
and the latter reaching Llaokhol Pass,
twelve miles northwest of the Motien
Pass. They halted at these points un
til July 3, the Russians falling back to
Langtse Pass, thirty miles from Liao
yang. The Japanese advance guard,
consisting of 1500 men, was only two
miles east of the Russian position. The
next day occurred Keller's reconnais
sance in force, when the Japanese were
discovered to be trying a flank move
ment in the direction of Liandiansian.
This is the last fighting reported north
ward, but still farther north a Japan
ese column is continuing to hold an
other Fenshui Pass, twelve miles
northwest of Saimatsza, on the road
leading to Liaoyang and Mukden and
857 miles east of the latter place. At
this time the Japanese main forces are
on the Siuyen-Haicheng and Kaichou-
Tatchekiao roads, at Vandiapudze and
Ahiaheouya, respectively, thirty-seven
miles from Haicheng and fifty miles
from Tatchekiao and Kaichou.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7, 1:06 p. m.
It is reported that the Emperor will
leave St. Petersburg Saturday for the
Volga region and will visit Kaizan,
Penza, Samara and Syzran to bid fare
well to the Fifth and Sixfli Siberian
army corps, which will be held In re
serve at Irkutsk and Omsk.
Many false reports concerning the
war operations are being sent abroad;
these the Japanese welcome as being
just so much more chaff and sand In
the eyes of the enemy.
The curtain now down over the
theater of war will, however, soon be
raised, and it is confidently expected
that the lifting will reveal the Japan
ese to be in possession of splendid
strategical advantages, with men and
guns enough to carry the present cam
paign to a successful conclusion.
TOKIO, July 7, 11 a. m. — Opera
tions of paramount importance are go
ing on within the war zone, but the
Government succ.eeds in veiling them
In almost absolute secrecy. Since the
occupation of Port Dalny the Govern
ment officials have been silent con
cerning conditions at Port Arthur. It
is generally known, however, that the
Japanese army and navy are daily
tightening their relentless grip on the
besieged city, and that a final assault,
followed by the fall of the fortress, is
now only a matter of a few weeks. ¦.
It is known also that engagements
of varying importance are constantly
occurring on the hills surrounding
Port Arthur. The fleet of Admiral Togo
is in motion day and night and is fre
quently engaged, but the forces and
number of guns of the besiegers, aa
well as their positions, details of past
operations and future plans are secrets
which probably will not be revealed
until the final and decisive action.
Fragmentary information from vari
ous sources, especially Chinese,
reaches Japan, but its publication here
or the sending of it abroad is forbid
den under severe penalty.
Xo foreigner accompanies either the
Japanese forces which are besieging
Port Arthur, the army under General
Oku, or the army which was landed at
Takushan, and the newspaper corre
spondents and foreign attaches with
General Kuroki are made to remain
within a circle having a radius of a
little more than half a mile.
The Russians are forced to travel
afield along, a Japanese front which
extends for 250 miles in order to deter
mine, by actual scouting, the positions
and the strength of their enemy, and
added to this they must discount a
series of clever feints and ruses de
signed to deceive them.
The name Takushan used in this
despatch to designate a mountain near
Port Arthur means "lonely mountain."
and this meaning accounts for the
frequent use of the word.
The Russians say also that in an
other engagement between outposts
eight Japanese were killed and sev
enty-two were taken prisoners. These
reports lack confirmation.
The Russian troops at Port Arthur
ETi!l believe that an army is march-
Is? south to relieve them.
It has been learned here that only
ere division of the Japanese army un
£er General Oku occupied Kaiping.
Another division of this armv is
marching a'.or.g the old Foochou road,
which turr.s to the northwest at Kai
pir.p and continues to Tinkow (th?
port of Newchwang). There probably
will be an encounter between this lat
ter division and Russian forces at
Erhtambo. This report was received
from Xewchwang.
A third division of General Oku's
army is proceeding along the east side
of the railroad track and is acting in
co-operation with the division which is
or: the railroad.
Fort Number Sixteen, which is on
the main line of the defenses sur
rounding Port Arthur, -eras taken by
lh» Japanese on July 6.
Continuing the Chinaman declares
that Russians in Port Arthur say that
Isst week three regiments of 'Japan
ese troops were wiped out just north
of Port Arthur. A Russian regiment
•which was out recevnnoitering: was
Criven back tof the three Japanese
reciments. who were in turn surround
ed by two regiments of Cossacks and
¦wip^d out.
CHEFU, July 7. 5: JO p. m. — A
trustworthy Chinese who arrived here
to-day from a point on the east coast
of Kwangtung Peninsula, near Port
Arthur, brings the information that
on July 5 one division of the Japanese
army reached the northeast slope of
Takushan Mountain, the summit of
vhich is less than three miles from
Port Arthur. This division parted
from another division of the army on
the highway north of Port Arthur.
after which it made its way through
mountainous country. The other di
vision contiued along the main road
toward the marine camp, to reach
which it will have to pass over a
plain; but attacked by this division
In conjunction with that on Takushan
Mountain, the marine camp •will not
be tenable.
— • — ;/
Report of the Engagement
Is Carried to Chefu by
a Chinese./
Three Japanese Regiments
Are Reported Wiped Out
by Russians.
Operations of Paramount
Importance Are Going on
in the War Zone.
Japanese Army and Navy Are
Tightening Their Grip
on Port Arthur.
JAPANESE GUNBOAT
KAIMON STRIKES A
MINE AND IS LOST
TOKIO, July 7 (7
p. m.). — While engag
ing in special work off
Taliemvan Bay on July 5
during a dense fog, the
Japanese gunboat Kaimon
struck a Russian mine and
sank almost immediately.
Commander Takahashi
ordered the crew to enter the
boats and leave the ship, but
refused to leave himself, and
it is presumed that he re
mained on the bridge and
went down. A majority of
the crew escaped in boats.
Besides Commander Taka
hashi, two officers and nine
teen men are missing.
The Kaimon was of wood
and was launched in Japan
in 1882. She had a comple
ment of 230 men. Her length
was 210 feet, beam 32 feet
and mean draught 16 feet 5
inches. She had a displace
ment of 1490 tons, and her
speed was 12 knots. She was
rated as a cruiser until 1896,
when she was relegated to
the gunboat class.
FORCES OF THE MIKADO PREPARING
TO MAKE AN ASSAULT BY LAND AND
SEA ON FORTRESS AT PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, A 904.
5
AD VEBTISXMEXT3.
CASTOR I A
fox Infants and Childies.
Tba Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears th© y"^» m 5^
Signature) of \Jutj£/j£+&ESfc&
THE GRASS WIDOW.
HER HAIR IS RED.
Tliat Is the Color That Titian
Loved.
De Maupassant said that red
hair indicated temperament,
black hair vitality, blonde hair
complaisance, brown hair "medi-
ocrity. Henner's pictures of
women show his love for red
hair. It Is a convention among
painters to give red hair to
Mary Magdalene. Will be given
you with the next Sunday's
CAiiLi. . ;#;..-. . ,. . :.;.
. THE EMPORIUM. , { .THE EMPORIUM. j* . THE ; EMPORIUM. | - THE EMPORIUM.
I Friday and Saturday Trade-Winners
I Razors 69c, 89c 5 Lillian Russell 5c Cigars
j: Famous Wade & Butcher Make 5 *WV * *%m Bnainnino Friday,
* These ire th: genuine A i.x 5 bow tjzo-, blicle rubber handc, bUde tf or tf inch wiie, £ IB HH fff}B+ t*Z~ «# CZ n *r>, !. S 1
K H69C; a J i. 5 o concav-1 rouni corned razor, three widths of blade, for . . 89c J - ' BOX Of OU tOF *l.*5
I Advance Safe \ Ribbon Reductions
i: : Men*S Fall and \ Values up to S5o yard 18o
\% vlblm* * ' ** «* 2 Think of buying 45c and 55c novelty ribbons at a
!t : WWSidter SUStS * pricelike this, and 50c plain ribbons at just about half.
if • p .* cie ciq h «2n V I '* ? s what we are going to sell you to-day. Here's
£ W^ffkSBKt* i'SStitniitHifP* Z&t tSUQ-llifi $ Corded; W ir pP.-inti — Eagish check, Plain Ribbons— c-inch satin taffetas,
» £ satin dots, taffeta and satin stripes, in * beaunml loir nn:sn, for bows
* Some a: about .whoieiae prices. ' A! are /^^k * b'ack and white .a;in», taffeta dot of cver 7 description, in such col-
. JL bargains. The manufacturer stands <zbr*r-^*W «* • it' " -j -.l r ors " pink. b!ue, cardinal, na-
|S the loss. They are from a re iabe New . *$§?5&f * s.npes; .11 wide nbbons, from . tionaI> mtis> , car : et , tarqaoiie ,
; j£ York who'esae tailor. His smaii orders %> Js "* *^ t0 inches, in «p!endid co'- green, lavender, whits, etc. ; gen-
!*? of t\x to a dozen suits of a style, that he JL^^J % on; ra'ues up to 55c a % cine 50c values; Friday qq,
\\ dec'ined to ship or were canceled — rather .^ \W* Yw ** yard; Friday and Saturday wCpCt and Saturday, yard . . dm&G
' K than tell them in smaii lots here and there, .^ V\fi I&N "% " ' '
jar he accepted our low cash offer for the en- f\ \!/ t\ "j '-WW M • ''mmm^' -. - .
,$: tire lot. They arc all up-to-date suits, and A \ N JiStff V&BUBS WOmBM S Appai*Ol
§ Sl 7.oo. iri.ooand / 2 3-sn" a s /^ I Hg\ I J&k •. Saturday Second^ Floor Sales
% the suit, themselves are concerned. Rut RvSaJjV \.jj I ZE»F 51 - 50 Va!vC Waisti -3 5 doz5n onl y of cn:ire^
*f. to stimulate trade and make a busy month ?' 15"<\, T \ffl 5 \ Jj n=W P * ttCrD1 tnd d " Qty " 7l " ? Mt rC " ived &Om N " W
i out of a du'l one we hn-e marked them \ VX^i^MV ¥ J •^J^ Y ° rk; be S innin 2 t0 - da - v ft 8 P ecIa T ! " Ie - each ' ¦ '^ 5 °
* all at one priee . . tf**** £-0* \/C^^^]Vj S X^^\\ $S.OO d J6 .o O Walktaj Skfrls-Ia <5«k and medium
.£. - \'\ fPTS\ - % i j^ 1 V 'v^TOax mixtures; all splendidly tai oredj on ipecial sa:e while
; fc: ...••*••• TT pX If' ?$\ 5 fWV»i^ : «@fvi quantity lasts, each . $3.25
'¦$ ' A bovc suits are made in new fall . PPw\ 550-00 and $75.00 Suits— A lurplas itock secured by oar
sivlcs, three -and four button sacks, with 'broad concave shoulders .J b uye« now in New York; silk, wool, alpaca an*
% and shapely lapels, hand made buttonholes and hand made through- * . Shantung dresses, by famous designers; on sale" now,
f cut, which makes the suit fit and retain its shape. Cheviots in the j{ , each. .\ $32*50
'¦ K nezvest fall shades of brown and gray, handsome plaids and dressy .* / $20.00 Stlk Shirt Wnbt Dresses — Superior quality tar-
J mixtures ; all worsteds in neat stripes and dark shades ; sizes 34. - % 1 yffi) . eu |i]k> in fcO j d brown or blue; made up in latest and
ig to 44, including stouts and longs. g ,. • most correct styles, now selling at . . ..$12.50
'if Newest NortOik and ' 2 -Piece . S Silk Jackets- worth up to $40.00— In Wonse, Eton and three-quarter coat
X C u g4 s at S3.OO « sty:ei, made ot fine taffetas and moires, some plain, others trimmed with
£ The make and fit equal to most $5.00 'kinds— M*i± in the Norfolk and jf French applique and lace, sale price • $17.50
jf i™***l^&)!^ 5 Sale Street and Outin* Suits-Wc Sale 0! Tailor-Madc Suits- We have
I cloth, mthsnrw pattern, and colon for^ull an J ¦'" »"^ ue iBd ehen8t » -J havese'ected 50 choice idleri selected from our regular stock 50
»? double-stitched stams thit won t r.p; they ar: lu.l $1.03 underprc:d. .V . J . o __ J
i £* " ' ,t irom our regular stock of misses perfectly modeled, high- tailored
K gfc 4f &B&BB+&G ¦ **& £%f* "* and ladies' sizes, in black, colored suits, in cases where we had only
»? * %39%Mbm mjpMM mmm9 *M%J%0 % anc j medium" Jjghc mixtures — the 2 or 3 of a kind, and have cut
\ Boys', at 25c Eaph, EiO. • \ original Emporium values up to ¦ them deep for quick selling, a good
K Several hundred dozen men's Madras Men's Fancy Sox— Fin e Hs'es, laces, jj J j 7. 50, and beginning this morn- many $20 and J25 suit* in the
& golf shirts are offered for Friday stripes, figures, embroidered and * ing offer them at lot — beginning to-day, sa!c price
:j: and Saturday at about half. ¦ b'ack lace effects— hose sell regu- £ $8.75— $9.75 ¦ $11.75— $14.90 ¦
* You'll find the most stylish pat- larly at 50c the pair, Fn- , J
faf terns and choicest co'or effects in day and Saturday . . . 25C jg ffnvc' R/nfie<ie *»#lr* ISO Flgursd 25o Tollot
!»: the collection; all siz:», with cuffs Men's 3Sc Svspcndcrs— Fine ma- J aOJfS OIOU*e* OUfc Denims Soap
|tf to match; instead of $1.00 each teria'.s, every improvement, for £ 84. dozen ot them, all new and fresh g
\*i " the two davs %Bg % from the. factory, K.& S. makes, **** n?V
i 55C ' Men's SOc HandKerchiels - P-c ? none better made or better fit- f^^^. *» P°P*» Co-
¦S »^ww linen, different width hems, each J ting, good madras or charabray dgnt; idf coloring, ryl ° FS " T «'^t
* Dovs' ShirlS-Fa*ncy stiff bosom and . . 25c $ » pretty stripes— also white ma- b 8 r«n, blue and Soap, hard milted,
|Jf golt shirts, with cuff, to match; Men's Shield Bows-And string- .% . dra, and sateen with and _ red; f " « rt^' JWj P^^
."I 50c and 75c value,; for Midgets, made from remnants of j} without <*«* MMM 1 value ,t 5 PC J^ 0 £
-, ff thetwodays 25o ,^.ik ?^,-,.. ? ,. ,8o |- /nfaiy^ Bonnets Buiit >,. o^ to
i Sale Men's and Boys' Shoes .3 and Dresses ¦ ?£ B Z *P !?
|S An assorted lot^.of extra fine quality vici kid lace « Le« than aoo^of these dainty white Friday ana Saturday
1 S 1wW5u shoes for men— not all sizes in every style, but in ;* j awn tun bonnets, made of good „ u ,k"*HP r Sa ' es „„
\\ JmM all the styles the full line of sizes from 6 to 11 J materials, in two different style,- ) * 6 °
£ J^^^S^k Medium heavy SOles, full and medium round X O ne" with two littVruffles edged Lunch Wafers— NabUco, Athena, Ramona
a. 1 P-v^^i^^N toes, Goodyear welts; every pair a $3 50 shoe ;* w j t h lace, the other with three >n<i Festino, tin 24o
I *I *° yS ' DvU CaU Sh ° CS ~~ HeaVy S0 eS> _ 5 About 5°° infants' and childr cn », Kz\lo ZS Whiskies, bot-Js . . . 82 C
j j^ wide round toes, always SOld at $2.25, jt white 'sb'pi, made cf good quality i on? Zinfandel— Extra choice, gallon .. . 62o
i * «;izp«; 2l4 to 5*A Friday and Saturday onlv, pair • • $1.69 i cloth in !cveril P re£; >' lt > Ies ' 5a |: "' f ° T «• vvhite Label Stout— McMuiiin*«, doxsn . .
i IT O1 "-v r/* . ',...«» J ' . « a and 3 years, are divided into 2 io ts f or S1.8S
jK "LittlC Gents'" Shoes- Dull Calf, heavy extension SOleS, lOW heelS, % .pecial sale Friday and Saturday. Old Globe Whisky- Straight bourbon, ral-
i J* wide round toe, lace style, always $2.00 — sizes 13, 13J4 JJ VafuM up to 65c for. . . . 48 o ion $1.98
:J and 1— for the two days •' $1.45 % Vaiuei u P to $1.^5 for . . 72o | Old Sloe Gin- Botti a So
! »¦; popular notion is? copy ***//?* f?^ 0 • A Sate of Laces
it* Six of the most popular ttories ever written, that were Jl£' f , rnmfmii Pnlnt Hn Pantm
i originally published at »,. S o » volume, offered for the f ±jTf^ O f^f§/Mf^ I 1 I Iff TOrohO n, PO M do ?****.
! *: first t mr in pa P ,r binding, at . 18O ¥ fj CJLyflMl/UlsfdJJffl^ '¦ 2 °' 5 °' 8 ° ****
j J- Ths Crhis, by Winston ChurchiU ; Conquercr, by CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- / i Widthf from * to » inche»— with Insertion to matdi—
X Gertrude Atherton 5 Choir Invisible, by Jamrs Lane L^-f^aS^m^^" pretty ]ace| ftf u ; m^ ng ,1] wrt , wlsh g90<J|) woni
fc' Allen; Heart of Rymr, by Marion Crawford; Pride of Jen- <"4UM£HS' 111 AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORS fr0 _ -. .„ ,„ th . _, H
j nico. by Egerton Castle; Calumet K, by Mervin Web.ter. Jgm from 5 c ta aoc th. yard.
ttt''i'i!tiliSK& B ¦ 111 Or blr t» m ** le exeuniso* •« > blk«|
B- u'yfr' 99(4 « 6 l\\ Bnt the tine i« iwiftJjr ne»na*
fir4f''//*fi\B I I I W Aad 1 reckon you eia find »eoa tbe PJks.
' MmWm « I I 1 i\ —"A Ballad of the Pike," by Wallace Irwia. C«9Mf ttai
mP')'w\\ 1 \ M I V\S br CoU:cf '' WecW T- Publi»W *>r peramioa.
To St. Louis and Return
jjfiggnpl^ RJrB Miy ll.ii,Mi Jttoe l f s,if,l6,*2,Sj; July I, t, 7, B, I|,14*
KSlSKSS'W t I e\ ¦ Adjuit 8,9, 13,1 1,19, September 5,6, 7, 5, October j, 4, 5,4.
wftVP-nif'^ if v^T ' III wWjB ,\
II \T Talcs the Rock Island System and you go
IF'." II \> thro' without change. Scenic or Southern
B » ¦ Line, as preferred. Standard and tourist
I -l\^' : ff sleeping cars; dining cars. Trains stop tt
I If Main Entrance World's Fair.
M J S^ *"*'' or wr= ' te - ¦ '(lYlTdlHr'l III I
C. A. Rm-Hiuro*:?, D P A , raaTvffSjlT'BM
ADVERTISEME2JTS.
M Brand 11
m Evaporated S
If Cream M
u|| Is cf uniform quality at all §M
||| seasons, always pure, heavy B|i
flU in consistence, of delicious eg
||3 flavor and appetizing ap- Jga
fcj*5 Ack for the brand with B0
Pa the" Helvetia" cap labeL nP
J$ts% ducers cf Evaporated |1|HL
M&£ Cresm in the vcrld.SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 7. — The
contract for the construction of the
new Carnegie library to be erected in
this city was let yesterday by the li
brary trustees to Stevens & Maino of
this city- The contract price is $8900.
Work will begin at once and the
structure is to be completed within
four, months from this date. '
Library Contract Is. Let.
Alameda' County.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 6.
Thora S. Butters to H. H. Buhring lot on
N line of Lydla street, 100 W of Curtis > \V 23
by N 80:4. portion lot 7. block H. Curtis and
Williams Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland- $10
Wlnona Elizabeth Pinney (widow) to 'Lena
M. Gllmore, lot on S of Oakland avenue
and Perry street. SW 100 by SE 13O lot t
block H. Flint Tract No. 2. portion Oavi.-J
Heights. Oakland; $10. P°™°» Oakland
Kate and James Cleary to Michael E Lvnrh
lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street 50 w^r
Chestnut, w 00 by S 125. Oakland- $lo
Recina M. and G. W. Hms to J. s. Mver.
lot on NW» corner of Delger (or Twentieth) an i
Webster street*. N 45. NW li* 1 s W ,t ,-
E 115.9 to. beginning. Oakland: $'lo* . '
Allen n; apd Amelia E. Wilson to Paul n
Mowell, lot on W line of San Pablo avenu*. ka
N of Isabella street. N 25 by W 100. £rtton Tt
map of Gunn Tract. Oakland: $10
.Albert L. Kreiss to James Walter Cough lot
*» 5.-J4 Ua* or ; Ea«t ElChutatb street. 50 .*£
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— Former Super
visor John Selby, president of the So
ciety of Pioneers, was held up by a
highwayman on the Milpitas road last
night while returning to his home
Mrs. Selby was with her husband at
the time. Selby handed over a few
dollars he had in his pocket and the
robber departed. ¦ *.; ,
Held Up by a Highwayman!
FRESNO, July 7.— There is dissen
sion among the leaders of the Chris
tian Science church of Fresno, for
which Mrs. Eddy's book does not pro
vide a remedy. The conflicting par
ties are Professor Martin, until re
cently a reader in the church, and
Mrs. A. J. Hodge, the local practi
tioner and president of the board of
directors. The ¦ lady makes various
charges, and the professor comes back
with the assertion that the charges are
due to malice. Altogether there «is a
.merry time in the church.
Followers of Mrs. Eddy in Fresno
Disturbed by Row Between
Church Leaders.
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
AT WAR WITH EACH OTHER
Accused of Pastsing Forged Check.
SAN RAFAEL, July 7. — A warrant
was sworn out to-day by Henri Eche.
charging J. P. Callaghan with having
passed on July 2 a forged check for
$50 purporting to have been signed by
Bessinger Bros, of San Francisco. The
check was given Eche by Callaghan in
payment of a board bill, which he
contracted at Eche's hotel at Kent
fleld. . :-;^-:-^-V^_- ¦.,¦-•¦¦ •,>>;-'•" *:
River, a short distance below this city,
last night while bathing. According to
fhe story ©f boys :who were with Pin
ney, they had finished bathing and
were dressing when Pinney decided to
plunge in again. He jumped from
the spring board into about fifteen
feet of water and never came to the
surface.
MARYSVILLE, J»ly, 7.— Clarence
Pinney, the 17-year-old son of W. A.
Pinney, a prominent farmer of Sutter
County, was drowned in the Feather
Drowned in the Feather River.
through and striking Miss Margaret
f Fink, a young lady from Northfleld,
Minn., in the head and killing her.
The accident occurred at a picnic, the
child pointing the rifle at the party
while they were lunching.
Four- Year-Old Child Plays With Rifle
' at a Picnic and Tragedy
Results.
BUTTE, Mont., July 7.— A Great
Falls special says that the four-year
old son of Charles Gels shot his father
through the thigh, the bullet passing
WOUNDS FATHi^ui AND
KILLS YOUNG WOMAN
LOS ANGELES, July 7. — A Fourth
of July accident of which her husband
was the victim caused the death to
day of Mrs. J. A. May of Redondo.
May accidentally blew off two of his
fingers and lacerated his hand with
a toy pistol in such a manner that it
was necessary to amputate another
finger and a- portion of his hand. Mrs.
May, when told of what had hap
pened, swooned and the efforts of the
physicians to restore her to conscious
ness were without avail. This evening
she died.
Swoons When She Hears of Acciden
tal Shooting of Husband and
Never Recovers.
NEWS OF AN ACCIDENT
CAUSES WOMAN'S DEATH
EUGENE, Ore., July T.— While Wil
liam Smith was fishing on the banks
of the McKenzie River, fifteen miles
east of here, he saw a boy's hat float
ing down the river. A little later he
plunged into the stream after the boy,
who was being carried along under
neath the surface. After taking the
boy ashore Smith glanced back to dis
cover a young woman coming down the
stream. He also rescued her.
A auarter of a mile above, Jonn
Goddard, two young women • named
Hastings, Miss Bidell and her small
brother had been thrown .into the
stream. Their boat struck a log and
upset. Goddard helped the Hastings
girls ashore, but Miss Bfdell and her
brother were carried aown stream.
After considerable difficulty both were
resuscitated.
Boat Upsets and THey Are Being
Swept /Off When a Fisherman Goes
to Their Rescue.
BROTHER AND SISTER
ARE NEARLY DROWNED
Some definite action probably will be
taken before the convention adjourns
providing for a vigorous campaign
against the passage of the proposed
new parcels post laws.
SANTA BARBARA, July 7.— The Pa
cific Coast Hardware and Metal Asso
ciation continued its sessions, here to
day, devoting most of its time to mat
ters of Interest to the trade only. The
convention took an important action in
appointing a committee to draw up
resolutions favoring an Increase of the
powers of the Interstate Commerce
Commission. The association believes
that the commission should have the
power to compel the railroads to act
according to its decisions, and that an
appeal should come from the railroads
and not from the commission. The
committee of the association appointed
is to co-operate with the Interstate
commerce law convention.
Merchants Take Steps to Give Aid
to the Interstate Commerce
Commission. . -
HARDWARE MEX TAKE
STAND AGAINST RAILROAD
Zelich made the following statement
regarding his coming into possession
of the will and his acquaintance with
the testator:
-For several years before old Magin Caitro
died I owned a restaurant on Seventh street
and the old man- used to board with me. I
knew that he was poor and had . to : depend
on breaking colts - and horses for a living
ard so I never asked him for money. When
he had money he paid me and when he had
none he was always welcome to a meal and
a Klass of i wine/ • ' ¦ '
One . night, some time before the old man
died. • he came to my place and gave me the
will. - telling me that' he had made m e his
heir.' • I -didn't pay much attention ' to it, 'for
I knew the old man was poor and I thought
he -just wanted to show that he remembered
my kindness,' so ' I put the ' paper away and
did not think of it again until the old man
died. Then I took the will" to Attorney
Batchelder and told him to see about it. The
matter Is In his hands now. and he: has told
me that Castro owned a lot of property when
he died, but how much. we don't know yet.
I have left everything to my attorney,*^ for I
have a i family to support ¦ and I can't afford
to lie idle .while I am waiting for. this prop
erty, which -1 may never get, although I think
everything wlU eume out all right* '
ZELICH EXPLAINS.
As soon as Attorney Batchelder dis
covered that the will of Juan Jose
Castro had never been probated he lost
no time in making application for the
appointment of an administrator on the
estate, and yesterday George Manetera,
the proprietor of the Athens candy
store In this city, was appointed. Man
etera at once filed a bond in the sum
of $500, on which the names of Nicholas
Symacapulos and J. Simon appear as
sureties, and yesterday I afternoon the
bond was approved 6y Judge Greene.
The bond was sent to Martinez to-day
to be filed.
The estate for which Zelich has be
gun his legal fight is a part of the old
Spanish grant to the Castro family,
and dates back to the early history of
California.. Through the division of the
estate among the descendants of the
original Castro family the grant was
cut up and gradually decreased in
size, until when the gradfather of Ma
gin Castro died only about thirty-six
thousand acres of the original grant in
Contra Costa .County remained. This
property was inherited by Don Juan
Jose Castro and his brother, each of
whom had six children. At the time
of his death Don Juan Jose Castro
owned about eighteen thousand acres
in Contra Costa. County, six thousand
acres in Santa Clara County and one
thousand acres in Old Mexico. By the
terms of his will each of his six chil
dren was to receive an equal share
of the estate, but this will was never
probated, and so far as is known -all
the children of Juan j Jose Castro died
childless, so that the entire estate re
verted to Magin Castro, whp survived
the other five children, and at his death,
by the terms of the will, the land'be
came the property of Gregorio Zelich,;
who is now taking steps to establish
his title tothe property. / •
ADMINISTRATOR APPOINTED.
Zelich regarded the will as of little
value, as he knew that the old Span
iard, who, during the later years of his
life, earned his living by .' breaking
horses, died in apparent poverty. He
placed the will in the hands of Attor
ney Batchelder, however, instructing
him to file it for probate, and in the
investigation which ensued it was dis
covered that the will of Don Juan Jose
Castro, the father of the testator," which
had been filed in Contra Costa County
nearly fifty years ago, had never been
probated.
The establishment of this fact clouds
the present title of every piece of
property which was formerly a part of
the estate of Don Juan Jose Castro, and
if the contention of Zelich is sustained
by the courts he will by the terms of
the will of Magin Castro be the heir
to the entire estate, which includes
in all nearly twenty-three thousand
acres of land.
OAKLAND,. July 7. — Nearly twenty
three thousandacres of rich farm land
located near Sobrante in Contra Costa
County and one thousand acres in Old
Mexico, all of which were formerly a
part of the old Castro estate, are the
prizes for which Gregorio Zelich,; a
cook in a restaurant at Seventh and
Market streets, has inaugurated what
may prove to be one of the most bitter
legal battles in the history. of the Cal
ifornia courts.
The first step in the figljt was taken
some months ago, when Attorney T..F.--
Batchelder, representing Zelich, tiled
for probate in the courts of Alameda,
Contra Costa and Santa Clara counties
the will of Don Magin Castro, the son.
of Don Juan Jose Castro. By the terms?
of the will Gregorio Zelich- was'
named .as the beneficiary of Magin
Castro in consideration of his kind
ness to the deceased during his life
time.
Gregorio Zelich May
Reap Heavily for a
Kind Act.
TACOMA. Wash., July 7.— Herman
Smith has brought from Koyukuk the
details of a tragedy there in which
Frank Messo and Frank McCarthy
were killed and John Franch injured
by Frank Ledger, following a dispute
over the working of a claim on Gold
Bench, the claim being owned by
Thomas Botr and the Northern Com
mercial Company. Ledger held a power
of attorney from Boor and secured a
lay from Manager Richmond of the
Northern Commercial Company.
f iPeYmission was given by Richmond
to 'McCarthy and Franch ' to workj
the same ground. A dispute followed,
the trio named declining to let Ledger
in on the deal. Ledger shot Franch
through the shoulder, while McCarthy
and Messo were shot in the abdomen.
They died the next day. Franch hur
ried across the divide to secure a doc
tor. Ledger has been taken to Fair
banks for trial, accompanied by an
Indian, who was the 60le witness to
the murder. ¦ .
Enraged Miner Kills Two Men and
Wounds One Out of
Revenge.
DISPUTE ABOUT A MINE
* RESULTS IN MURDER
Horton was 38 years of age and was
a native of Howard Lake, Minn. He
leaves a wife, one son and a brother,
Charles Horton. Before coming to
Oakland Horton resided for some time
in Haywards, where he owned consid
erable property. He was a member of
the Masonic lodge of Haywards, the
Odd Fellows and the Workmen.
Attempts were made to revive Hor
ton, but as he showed no signs of life
Dr. W. J. Wilcox was called. When
he arrived the victim of the deadly
fluid was past medical aid. The Cor
oner was notified.
The bell of the telephone was ring
ing continuously. In order to stop
the 'noise Horton determined to cut
the wires outside the house. He dis
connected the wire af'a fuse block
and when the circuit was broken Hor
ton, who was standing on the damp
ground, received the entire force of
the high, voltage of current through
his body. The shock was instantly
fatal. The only witness of the acci
dent was Horton's nine-year-old son,
Charles. The boy, when he saw his
father fall to the ground, ran into the
house screaming for his mother. Mrs.
Horton came out to see what was
wrong and when she saw her hus
band lying on the ground she realized
what was the matter, as her husband
had said he was going to cut the tele
phone wires. D. W. La Fortune and a
man named Dixon heard the cries of
the son and they were the first to ar
rive on the scene. ,
Horace A. Horton, a steamfitter
employed in San Francisco, was elec
trocuted this evening at 8 o'clock at
his home, 1220 Thirteenth avenue,
while attempting to disconnect a tele
phone wire leading to the Horton
house that had become crossed with
an arc light circuit carrying 5000
volts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 7.
A. W. Berry, a money lender at 1165
Washington street, was arrested to
night at his residence, 1420 Webster
street, on a charge of embezzling $2000
from Amos Seaman, a capitalist, living
at 1561 Chestnut street. Constables
Hempstead and Lane, who arrested
Berry, were compelled to force their
way Into the house against the effort
of Berry's sister, Miss Mabel Berry, to
prevent the officers from entering.
The accused man's mother, Mrs. Han
nah Berry, was highly excited by the
officers* Dresence " and declared they
must kill her before they could take
her son. Berry and the constables
quieted the woman and went to the
County Jail..
The accused man sent for Mayor Ol
ney, who in turn procured Attorney C.
L. Colvin to' take charge of Berry's
case. Berry was released on a bond of
$2000, the sureties being his mother and
his sister. The bond was approved by
Judge George Samuels.
Seaman alleges that he gave Berry
money at various times aggregating
$2000, the return of which he has de
manded in vain. Berry insists that the
coin was advanced to him for the. pur
pose of handling in his business as a
broker and money render and that he
has kept up his Interest payments. He
claims that Seaman is trying to use the
criminal courts as a collection agency.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 7.
Constables Force Their Way
Into Her House and Seize
Son Despite Her Protests
(Victim Endeavors to Dis
connect Telephone Line
From Arc Light Circuit
of Sixth avenue. N\V 33 by NE loo. lot XO and
portion of tot O, Mock HH, Clinton, East Oak
land; fsboa
James Walter Gtugh to E. «'or<n, same, war
ranty deed. East (alcland; fSOon.
Jennie A. and Oeirce F. I'nderwood to Wil
liam M. Butters Jr.. lot on SE corner of Pros
put avenue an<l Lak» street. E 2()O. S 120. XV
75. S 8<i. W 123, N Jt*> to beginning, lota 39
to 42. 44 and 45. pn perty of Capital Home
stead Association. Brooklyn. East Oakland;
Kobert H. and Annie B. (or Mrs. Robert It.
Lindsay) to Arthur A. Dixon (single), lot on
PE corner el Ku.«sell an1 Franklin street*. 3
SO by E 100. lot* t and 3, block E. Salinger
Tract. Rerkeley; J1O.
Arthur A. Di.ton (single to Grace- M. Ir
wln (single), same. Berkeley; %\n.
Carrie I>>wls <B°el> to J. L,. Hitchcock, lot
on E line of Third avenue. I7rt:3 S of Second
street. S 58:9. E 312:«. N M:«. XV 3I2:«. be
ins S'balf of lot 3, block 3. plan State Univer
sity Homestead Association Tract, etc., Berke
ley: $10.
John Mulliiran (single) to A. O Mulligan, lot
on E line ot Kennedy street, 35.5.1 N of Shasta
avenue, N 50 by E 125. lots 25 and 2fl. block A.
famdf-n Twenty-third-avenue Tract, East Oak-
Ian: $10.
The Realty Fyndlcate to Robert C N«welf.
lot on NW corner of Baker ani Felton street*,
N 120 by W 12M.97, lots 17 to ID. block 0. Her
zosi Tract. Golden Gate, etc., Oakland; |10.
D. E. and Caroline A. Bnrtree to Lena, M.
Hamilton (widow), lot on W line of Vernon
Mreet. (72.80 N of Oakland avenue, S 00. W
1(X). N ». E 7 to point in line drawn from be
ginning at right aniflea to Wrnon street. B
93.80 to beginning:. -portion lot 28. block C. Oak
land Heights. Oakland: $1("
John J. Sullivan (single) to Du Ray Smith,
sub-livisicn 1 in lot 37, map No. 3, Glen Echo
Tract. Oakland: value received.
Leon B. and Belle Reynolds to Richard Rey
nolds, lot on N* corner of East Tenth street and
Tenth avenue. NE 10O by NW 100. bloclc 17.
Clinton. Eas«t Oakland; |tf>.
Harriet N. Clark tsingle) to Amy K. Pat
terson, lot on E lln« of Hillegass avepue, 10O S
of t>erby street. S W> by E tl«. lot 22, block B.
Berry-Bangs Tr^ct. etc.. Berkeley, quitclaim
deed; ?10. * '
Alice and Alfred W. Wright to same., lot on
E line of Hillegass avenue. 10O S of Derby
street, S «O by E 148. lot 22 and N 10 feet of
lot 21. block R. name. Berkeley: $loo.
Helen M. Kinne (widow) to Mabel I. Mc-
Crackin (wife of John P.). lot 5S. block 3.
map Grove-street Line Tract. Berkeley: $10.
W. G. and Nellie A. Britt to Nellie Rot
(wife of A. A.), lot on N line of Carlton
street. 251 W of Fulton. W 34 by N l.V>. por
tion lots 22 and 21. block 142(5. Berkeley prop
erty, maps Nos. 1 and 2. Blake Tract, portion
of Plat TO,, Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. Berke
ley: S10.
Hugo Hochholzer <by J. E. Baker and
Charles K. Tabor, trustees* to Alam»da Bav-
Inga Bank. K".2 V>. 391. lot on S line of Pacific
avenue. 30O \V of Willow street. W 5O bv 3
1SO:2. lot 1«. block 10. lands adja-ent to En
: cina.1. trustees' deed, Alameda: $2050.
Bertha and Hermann OJ. Mehrtens to West
End Building A*mx:iatlon. lot on 9 line of
Halght avenue. 3« E of Sixth street (formerly
Third avenue). E loft hy s 10.1 :». portion
Aughlnbaugh 22^-acre Tract. Alameda: $10.
THURSDAY, JTLY 7.
Marie L. Mitchler et al. to C O. G. Miller,
all interest in following: Lot on S line of
Minna street. 47»:1 E of Telegraph avenue.
E 12 by S 100, lot 21, lands Linda Homestead
Association, Oakland; also lot on S line* of
Minna street, 831:1 E of Telegraph avenue.
E 52 by S 10O. lot 20. same map. Oakland:
also lot on NW corner of Eighteenth and
Cypress streets. W 3l> by N 1»*:9. block 605 B.
Oakland; $t>CO.
Same to Pauline Martin, lot on W line of
narrison street. 70tt .V of Fourteenth N 100
by W 152:6. Oakland; ? .
Selma N. Boman et al. to Anne S. Kromaa
(wife of Hans H.). lot on NW corner of Ade
line and Thirty-fourth streets, N 150 W 123:3,
5 50. W 4:J. S IUO. K l^.:rt, block 681. map
No. 2 Watts Tract, Oakland;. $10.
Hannah Tlerney (single) to Giuseppe and
Rosa Cavi, lot on E line of Linden street.
94 N of Third. N 25 by E 125. lot 11. block.
4S0, map Adeline and Market Streets Hume
stead. Oakland; $10.
Ardle M. Estabrook (administratrix estats
of Andrew H. Hathaway) to John Forrest, all
Interest In lot on SW line of Eighteenth
street. 122:8 NW of Sixth avenue. NW 27:«
by_SW 100. block 90, Brooklyn. East Oakland;
Charles and Eliza Wlemann to John H
Hvpps. lot on N line of Russell street, 40 B
of Lowell. E 40. N 126.42, W 40, S 127.30.
lot G, bloclc 29, map resubdlvislon of portion
block TJ of Smiths subdivision of Mathews
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lewis A. and Eva F. Hicks to A. I. Gal
braith (femme sole), lot on N line of Gaxher
street (Berkeley avenue). 217:6 E of Piedmont
avenue (Center), E 50 by N 102:5. portion lot*
6 and 7. block D, Berkeley Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $10.
Cosmos Land and Water*Company to Jacob
C. Heinz, lot 3. block K. Taylor & Page Tract
Alameda; $700.
Joseph and Andrea M. Nelson to Georgn
Heazelton. lot en SE corner of Fifty-sixth and
Lowell etreeta. E 34. S 78.99. W 34. N 78 74
betns subdivision A. map subdivision lots «
OakUnd 0 .' $ b l,r k E ° f T - E - McElratb Tr>Ct -
Robert C. Newell (single) to Joseph Nelson.
l° l ,o n NV^, corn « r cf Baker and Felton streets
N 120 by W 128.97. lets 17 to 19. block 9. Her^
xos Tract. Golden Gate. Oakland- $10
Calvin S. and Mary L. wincheil to Alice M.
Klngsbury. lot in NW corner of Fair-view and '
ManUa streets. N 100. W 37:6, S 102.4. E 33.
P^Oafta^r * "" 4 " B ° T ™"
Harlow P Bancroft to James and Johanna
Dlckson lot 4, block D. map Santa F» Tract
No 2. Oakland, deed and agreement: $10
Hyacinth and Margaret Gil to Josephine
Julia Gil (single), lot on W line of Cent«r
street. 54 N of West Thirteenth. N 23 by W
ICO. lot 6. block 5S0 A. map Peralta and Cen
ter-street lands. Oakland; also lot on M lin*
of W Fourteenth street. 82 E of Cypress E
25 by N 110 lot 4. block 583. map subdivision
part of block 583. Oakland: also lot on Slin°
of Fourteenth ptr-et. 158:3 W of Magnolia. W
25 by S 90:6, lot 7. block 575, map survey 1CHO
being a redivision of portion of block 573 Oak
land: $10.
Frank M. and Eleanor J. Davis to W E \N
len, lot on S line of Thlrty-flfth street, 250* B
of Market, E 40 by S 120:3. block L. property
Central Land Company, Oakland: $10.
Abraham H. and Hester A. Barber to Henry
C. Quiner. all Interest in lots 21 to ». 36 to
45. and 9 to 11, block D. Broadway Terrace,
Oakraad; $1.
Henry E. and Mary E. Huntlngton to Hunt-
Ington Land and Improvement Company undi
vided half of lot on W line of Alice street. 150
N.of Thirteenth, N 60. W 130. S 100. E 60. N
50, E 100 to beginning, block 194. Kellersber
ger s map, with littoral riparian rights, «tc,
Oakland; $10. • . ¦ . ¦ -
George W. Austin (single). to Joseph Menuil
S 23 feet of lot 12 and N 2 feet of lot l£
block 4. revised map of San • Pablo Avenn»"
Villa Tract. Emeryville. Oakland' Township;
John and Fanny Cook? to Frederick H. Da
kin, lot on N line of Addlson street 261-2 W
BerkefeTSlO * ** N 13S1 *' quUcllLlm " <5 ««S.
Dwight Way Realty Company to Ellsa Dur
gln (married), lot on E line of Regent street
«0 N of Russell. N «9.64 by E US lot n and
portion of lot 12. block H, Barry-Bangs Tract.
$100 -°' 2 (deed * nd asre€ment >» Berkeley;
¦ Rhoda M. Hayes (single) to P. Rothermel.
lot on S line of Essex street 200 E of Shat
tuck avenue, E 50 by S lOOi lot 5. block E.
amended map B. portion of Newbary Tract,
P. and Mary P. Rothermel to Jacob Maas.
same, Berkeley: $10.
George O.. WtUlam-H..' Benjamin F. ani
Elizabeth L. Simmons (wife) to Miriam F.
Bancroft (wife of C. E.>. lot on N line of
Piedmont way or avenue, as now laid out. dis
tant along curve of said line 150.605 N to Its ¦
intersection by E projection of line dividing
lota 40 and 42. bloclc E. said -dividing: line »»
projected forming NE corner of Christy lot,
thence N from beginning 5O.02T SW 168.1H.
SE 50. NE 165.91 to beginning portion of lot
41. map of Berkeley property between Univer
sity of California and State Deaf Dumb and
Blind Asylum.: Berkeley; $10.
Hermlne Marois (widow) to Martin A and
Adele Gogo (wife), lot on-N line of Clement
avenue. 5O E of Oak street. K 10O by N US.
lots K. L, M and N, block 43. T. A. Smith's
resubdivislon of map of MInturn Tract. Ala-
v meda: $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to James A.
Lewis, lot on N line of Railroad avenue. 201:"!
W of St. Charle* street. W 70 by N 150 lot
2 and portion of lots 1 and 3. block M. prop
erty of Columbus Bartlett. near Mastlck sta
tion, warranty deed. Alameda: $10.
Magdalena Bremerto Agne3 D. Bremer. lot
on N line of Central avenue :!7t') E of Pros
pect street. E 50 by N 14.S:ti. lots :il and -J2.
Shepardson pro^ert" X of ScheuUen Park. Ala
meda: gift.
Jennie and George Gates to C. W. Gordon.
lot on N line of Eagle nverrue. ¦ 69:2 W of
Willow street. \V 34:7 by %." 120. portion of lot
7. block 13. plan of subdivision of blocks 1 to
3 and 12 to it o f lands adjac«at U Cadaal.
fio.
MOTHER MAKES A 'SCENE
LEAVES HIM FOR DEAD
Was Outcome of Strike
Chief of Secret Service J).
C. Crowlev Says Assault
GREGOR1O ZELICH WHO CLAIMS
A VAST TRACT i IN CONTRA
COSTA COUNTY.
Santos Dumont Sails for Havre.
NEW YORK, July 7. — Santos Du
mont sailed for Havre to-day, taking
the silk covering of his airship to be
repaired. He said he would return in
October to take 'part in the aerial
contest at St. Loui£
She made an appointment to see the
chorus girl af the rehearsal. Promptly
on time Wednesday the woman, and a
man, the girl's father, one of the most
prominent lawyers in the citv, ap
peared. In vain did the girl declare
that she was satisfied with the stage
as a calling, and at first refused to
leave. The manager, however, ended
her engagement, and she was sent to
a Catholic Sisters' school in Vancouver.
The "Johnnies" at the park miss her
sadly.
PORTLAND, July 7. — From the pony
ballet of a local amusement park to
seclusion in a parochial school in Van
couver, Wash., is the change enforced
on a Portland girl, who gave her name
as Maude Delaney of Seattle.
Last week the girl was "taken on"
at Shields Park and she made a hit
with her good looks. She deceived
every one as to her identity, but trouble
appeared Wednesday. The girl's aunt,
a prominent society woman, called up
the telephone and asked if a girl of her
niece's description was in the com
pany.
Severe Punishment Given to Portland
Girl Who Secretly Enters a
Chorus.
SOCIETY GIRL. IS SENT
FROM STAGE TO CONVENT
BERKELEY, July 7. — Miscreants
bent on revenge -are -supposed to be
responsible for a fire which early this
morning destroyed the barn of Foss &
Co. on Allston way, near Grove street.
This was the second attempt within
a fortnight to burn the barn and it
turned out to be a complete success.
Set Fire to a Barn.
OAKLAND, July 7. — Additional
land for school sites is wanted by
the Board of Education. That body
has issued a circular in which offer9
of land are requested. Sites are
wanted at or near • the following
points: Fortieth and West streets,
Sixteenth and Grove streets, Linda
Vista and Lvnn streets, and south or
the Southern Pacific tracks near
Twenty-third avenue.
Want More Land for Schools.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 7.
For alleged complicity in the beating
of State Policeman J. R. Lewis of the
railway police service Fourth of July
night at the Oakland mole, Harry
Laughran, a San Francisco teamster,
has been arrested and is now in the
County Jail here, and a number of
more arrests are 1 to follow. According
to Chief of the Service C. C. Crowley,
the beating of Lewis is the result of
the old teamsters' strike in San Fran
cisco, during which Lewis acted as a
special and gained the enmity of the
leamsters' Union.
A large number of teamsters were at
Shell Mound Park on the Fourth of
July attending the Thistle Club picnic.
Going home on the last boat a. number
of them attacked several pt the Stat*
policemen. Two drew their revolver?
and made their escane. Lewis, how
ever, was unable to get away and was
kicked and beaten and left for dead.
Crowley stated this morning that they
were teamsters who made the attack
and that he has proof sufficient to war
rant the arrest of a number of" them.
He states that Lewis is recovering
from his injuries, which were not seri
ous. He charged Laughran with an as
sault to murder. .
A man named Charles Murphy, who
is also charged with taking part in the
assault on Lewis, was arrested yester
day afternoon in San Francisco by
State Policeman Butler and Detective
Tom Ryan. He .will be brought to
Oakland to-morrow morning.
Laughran was released to-night oh
$1000 bond.
Suspicion of Murder At
taches to the Death of
a Railroad Section Hand
BROTHERS AREWOKKIEI)
Disappearance of Money
Points to Charles O'Con
nor as Victim of Foul Play
Oakland office San Francisco Cali.
1016 Broadway, July 7.
The mangled body of Charles O'Con
nor, a section hand employed by the
Southern Pacific- Company, was found
this morning on the Stanford-avenue
tracks, near the station at Golden
Ciate. Train hands on the tiret Berke
ley local train found the body and re
ported to the Coroner. James O'Con
cor and Dennis O'Connor, brother? of
the dead man, fear he met with foul
piay.
According to their statements to the
Coroner, v'harles O'Connor drew 560
yesterday from the company. He was
seen in a number of saloons at Golden
Gate during the afternoon, and was
di inking. Only $1 03 was found in the
iK.thing on the fcody. This gave rise to
the suspicion that O'Connor might
have*been drugged and robbed, his
body being placed on the tracks to
cover evidences of crime. Another the
ory is that O'Connor became befud
dled from liquor and was struck by an
en&ine while crossing the tracks to go
to his home at 5787 San Pablo avenue.
He was unmarried and was SO years
old.
The police and Coroner Mehrmann
«ill investigate the circumstances. An
inquest will be held Saturday night.
HTVES BRING LEGAL
ACTIONS AGAINST SPOUSES
Before Assistance Arrives
Ladrina Medeiros Sus
tains Frightful Injuries
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 7.
Ladrina Medeiros, a girl S years old,
was fatally burned here this afternoon
while trying to start a fire with kero
sene oil, at her parents' home, 616
Franklin street. The can exploded in
her hands and set fire to her clothing
and two-thirds of her entire body was
denuded of its skin. The child's moth
er, Mrs. Mary Medeiros, crippled with
rheumatism, had to sit and watch her
child's frantic efforts to put out the
llame without being able ,to give her
any assistance.
The little yirl died at the Receiving'
Hospital at 7:10 this evening, and the
body was taken to the Morgue.
Owing to the crippled condition* of
the mother the child was told to light
the fire in the stove. She had placed
some wood in the stove and was pour
ins coal oil on it when the can explod
ed. It was found afterward with the
bottom out The blazing oil set fire to
the child and the mother tried to res
cue her with a crutch, but was unable
to be of any assistance. She is now
nearly insane with her grief. The
frenzied child ran to a tub of water
and tried to get into it, but there was
not sufficient water in the vessel to
cover her.
Screaming she then ran out into the
back yard, where she was seen by
Louis Felipe, who climbed over a fence
and went to her assistance. When she
saw him she ran and put her arms
about his neck and set fire to his hair
and clothing, which he managed to ex
tinguish, but not before his hair was
burned off at the back. Then securing
a blanket he enveloped the child in it
and put out the flames.
The suffering child was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where she was at
tended by Dr. Kane, who held out no
hope for her recovery.
WEDDED AT NOON
Margaret B. Bowen Would .Secure i>i
voree from Wine Merchant — Hose
Miller .\j>ks for Support.
OAKLAND, July 7. — Steps were
taken to-day by Margaret B. Bowen
to press a divorce action begun two
years ago against, Charles E. Bowen.
partner in the firm of Wetmore,
Bowen & Co. To this end a default
judgement was entered against him
to-day. The active prosecution of the
divorce was dropped because of some
property provisions that he made. It
is alleged that he is worth $150,000.
He is charged with cruelty and in
temperance. '
Suit for maintenance was begun to
day by Rose Miller against F. H. Mil
ler, proprietor of a saloon at 4 26
Eleventh street. She alleges that her
husband has deserted her and made
no provision for- her. It is claimed
Miller derives an income from his
business of 3200 a month and she
asks for S7 5 a month.
Wheelman Foils Highwayman
BERKELEY. July 7.— Perrin Or
chard of Allston way, a high school
student, temporarily In the employ
of the telegraph company, says three
men tried to bold him Up Last night
while he was riding home on his
wheel. One of the men, he says,
jumped out of a shadow in the street
and commanded him to halt .By the
light of his wheel he say two other
men approaching behind the first one.
In spite of the command, however, he
put spurs to his wheel and Just man
aged to get away. The trio followed,
but he led them such a merry chase
for a block that they dropped out of
the pursuit. The experience was so
trying to Orchard that he is now suf
fering from nervous Drostration.
Alleged Kidnaper Rearrested.
OAKLAND. July 7.— J. H. Howard,
accused of kidnaping his own son
from the Children's Home at Alden.
after Superior Judge Greene had giv
en the boy into a maternal grandfath
er's custody, was discharged to-day by
Police Judge George Samuelp.but was
later rearrested on an order of the Su
perior Court Attorney Hiram Lut
trell, for Howard, argued that no crime
could be charged against a man for
taking possession of his own offspring.
Howard has been cited by the Superior
Court to show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt The
contest for the custody of the boy was
begun by Howard's former wife, now
Mrs. M. S. Kollester.
Merchants Want Lights.
ALAMEDA, July 7.— E. E. \ John
son, representing the Alameda Ad
vancement Association, requested the
City Trustees at their session held
last night to provide fifteen additional
light* for Park street between Rail
road and Encinal avenues.- Chairman
W. M. Bowers of the electric light
committee said he would recommend
the additional light* if the merchants
of Park street would agree to illum
inate their windows. The matter will
be again taken up by the City Trus
tees at a committee meeting.
Cares for Sick Nurse.
OAKLAND. July 7. — Caroline
Krueger, a despondent nurse who has
threatened' to commit suicide, was
sent to Dr. Robertson's sanitarium at
Livermore to-day through the per*
serial efforts of Judge W. E. Greene.
A charge of insanity had been placed
against her. but examination failed to
disclose any indication of it other
than her determination to kill herself.
She could not be eent to a public asy
lum, and fearing that she might carry
out her threat if liberated. Judge
Greene 6ecured her free treatment at
the sanitarium.
By Zoe Green Radclifff.
OAKLAND, July 7. — A very quiet 'little
wedding tock .place in St. Paul's Episcopal
Church at noon to-day, when Miss Sarah Van
Boskirk Lame became the bride of Kenneth
Archibald Kerr. All plans for a more elaborate
wedding had been set aside en account of the
serious illness of the bride's father, former
Judge James Larue. and the simple ceremony
was wlttio»sed only Sy Captain Louis Perry
Harvey, who gave the bride away, and Mrs.
Harvey, the bride's sister. The Rev. F. J.
Mynard was the officiating clergyman. The
bride wore her traveling gown, a modish, dark
blue cloth, and a chic hat of blue and tan
etraw.
After the ceremony the bridal party repaired
to the Larue home in East Oakland, where
the Larues have lived ever since that part of
the country was a mere wilderness of hills
and rugged oaks. Here a dainty wedding
breakfast was served, and then the newly
married couple left for Southern California.
Mr. Kerr is assistant receiving teller at the
Central Bank in Oakland. He will build a
home for hta bride h«re, but in the meantime
they will reside at the Albany after their wed
ding trip is ended.
Mits Jean Howard returned to Oakland last
Saturday. She and her mother, Mrs. John L.
Howard, »>ave been in Europe for several
months, and on their return to America sev
eral weeks ago Mies Howard remained in Bos
ton to visit relatives, while Mrs. Howard
came on to Oakland. Both are in excellent
health and report having a delightful and in
teresting visit "across the pond.'" '
About twenty guests enjoyed Mm. Charles
Rodolph's' garden luncheon yesterday after
noon, rugs and lounging chairs gracing a shel
tered r.ook. where the daintiest of dishes were
daintily served. Mrs. George Martin was the
guert of honor, and her ulster, Mrs. Ada Bates,
was also among those who enjoyed a delightful
afternoon.
Cards are out announcing the marriage of
Francis William Larr&bee and Miss Nathelle
Rogers, yesterday. In Sacramento. The an
nouncement comes as a great surprise to Mr
Lairatee's many friends in this city, where
he is well known as a musician and where
he Is highly esteemed by all who know him.
His bride is an Eastern girl, although her
home has been in Visalia for several yearn
She Is also a musician, being a vocalist as well
as an accomplished pianist
Mr. and Mrs. Larrabee will spend their
honeymoon In the south and on their return
will reside with the elder Larrabees at 56a
Fifteenth street. Mr. Larrabee Is an only
child and his parents are delighted with their
new daughter.
Mrf. Franc i« R. JJusser is at the Lukeai
ranch In ,«ha.«ta County, where Mrs. E. Q.
Lukens is also spending the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest J. Cotton and Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Stolp spent the holidays at Capi
tola and Santa Cruz. They were delightfully
entertained while there by Mrs. Cotton's sis
ter. Mrs/ F. O. Ilihn, on* of the most charm-
Ing young matrons in Santa. Cruz society. Mrs.
Stolp will leave to-morrow for a short stay at
San Ramon.
.Mrs. Malcolm Henry was the guest of Mrs.
John Charles Adams yesterday. She has Just
returned from an automobile trip through
Monterey. Her little daughter. Roblna, who
has been visiting Mrs. Adams' children, re
turned with her to San Francisco
The Oscar Lunings are still In town Mrs.
Luning having been quite ill for two Weeks.
She is convaleucent now, however, so they will
carry out their original plans for the sum
mer and go to McCrays probably before the
end of the month. . .
Miss Dora ' Cronan and J. Samuels - were
married last Sunday evenlnr at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr., and Mm. W. M.
Cronan. Miss Mary Cronan and E. Cronan
were the only attendants. Mr. and Mrs.
Samuels are enjoying: their honeymoon in
Southern California.
Mies Ida B. Hill of Olympla, Wash., Is visit*
in? Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Berry of Piedmont.
Mrs. George E. Perkins will give a matinee
party for h«r little- daughter at ye" Liberty
Saturday afternoon, to see "Shenandoah."
Mr. and Mrs. Frank McCuen (nee Wasley)
returned last Monday from their honeymoon
and are comfortably established • In their own
home on Sixteenth street.
Moore Found Not Guilty.
OAKLAND, July 7. — W. W. Moore
Jr.- who was charged with assaulting
J. H. Freitas with a knife when he
found Freitas walking: with the for
mer Mrs. Moore, was discharged this
morning: by Police Judge George
Samuels. The evidence was insuffi
cient to hold Moore for trial in the
Superior Court-
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Patrick Lucey,
28. Niles, % and Kate O'Connell, 25,
Berkeley; Archibald B. Anderson,
over 21, Celusa, and Mary C. Dozier,
over 18, Oakland; William S. Mathew
son, 23, and Mary E. Hunter, 23,
both of San Francisco; Harry L. Hath
away, 27, and Sadie J. Kahn, 27, both
of San Francisco.
MUSICIAN' DIES SUDDENLY. — OAK
LAND, July 7. — Charles E. Aznidon. a mem
ber of the Fifth Infantry Regiment Band, died
suddenly tM* afternoon at 4 o'clock at his
residence. 823 Klrkham street. Shortly b?fore
his death Aroidoa complained of sharp pains
in his che*t. Dr. George Derrick was called,
but Atnidon died before the physician arrived.
The Coroner took charge of the case. Amldon
mas 2S year* old. a native of this- State. He
leaves a mother, two eletera and three
brother*.
Organize New Society.
OAKLAND, July 7.— A number of
resident* of this city are forming a
society to be known as the Sons and
Daughters of the Maritime Provinces.
All persons born in Nova Scotia, New
Brunswick or Prince Edward Island
are requested to send their names
and addresses to Secretary H. C. Tup
ser. Abrah&msou building.
VATHER ATTACKS DAUGHTER.—OAK
LAND. July 7.— L. n. Emery, residing at 516
Eighteenth street, tried to strangle his
c.aurhlrr Wednesday nisht while he wu In
rrr.e. 6ach »s the statement in a complaint
cwnrn to to-day by Mrs. Emerj-. The hus
band was <5iBch«rre<l recently from a State
hospital. He has eluded the pulkt.
Harry Laughran. a Team
ster. Arrested for Attack
on Policeman J. R. Lewis
JS POWERLESS TO AID
4
Crippled Mother Helpless
ly Watches Her Darling
Roasted' by the Flames
SOX SEES THE TKAGEDY
Horace A. Horton Beceives
Five Thousand Volts, and
Falls to the Earth Dead
A. W. Berry, Money Lender.
Arrested on Complaint of
Amos Seaman, Capitalist
FIND MANGLED
BODY ON RAILS
STATE OFFICER
BADLY BEATEN
CHARGED WITH
EMBEZZLEMENT
ACCIDENTALLY
ELECTROCUTED
GENEROSITY
TO OLD MAN
IS REWARDED
LITTLE CHILD
FATALLY BURNED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAX FRANCISCO; GALL,- FRIDAY, JULY & 1904.
SANTA ROSA, July 7. — The camp
ers at Camp Meeker were thrown into
a state of excitement on the Fourth
as ' the result ; of numerous cases of
ptomaine poisoning from ice cream.
Miss Maude- Hockin of this city, was
unconscious for several hours. There
were seven victims, all of whom are
B.QW convalescent.
Poisoned by Eating Ice Cream.
6
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping with Its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pelouze Scale Com-
r~ny of Chicago to manufacture
a special, lot of these useful,
household and sporting scales
especially for the use of its
"Want Ad." patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every ohe :
bringing a Want Advertisement
for insertion in next Sunday's
CALL will . receive one of these
useful little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will
readily realize that THE CALL
Is \not only Issuing the best
premiums ever offered by a
newspaper, but is giving them a
scries of useful articles that
cannot be, purchased locally, for
three and often four times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a big induce-
ment to insert >your ad. in this
paper, not to mention anything
of the big returns advertisers
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL. '
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
\ ALAMEDA COUNTY
\$\V OAKLAND.
10**! Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieda 559.Dclusc Is Followed by Hailstorm
That Covers Ground to a Depth
of Eicht Inches.
YREKA. July 7.— A cloudburst
south of Yreka last evening rendered
Yreka Creek impassable for several
hours. Hail in the same locality fell
to a depth of eight inches.
CLOUDBURST NEAR YREKA
MAKES CREEK IMPASSABLE
SAN RAFAEL, July 7.— M. F. Coch
rane^ a prominent citizen of this
county, had a narrow escape from
drowning last Tuesday. While row
ing across Bolinas Bay his boat ran
on a sandbar, and as Cochrane is a
very heavy man he got out of the
boat to push it into deeper v^ater. The
boat relieved of the weight and as
sisted by a strong current and breeze,
floated off, leaving Cochrane maroon
ed, with the tide rising. But for the
timely assistance of friends in a
launch, who heard his lusty cries for
help, Cochrane probably would have
perished... - •¦"*"<¦ -^->_
Friends Rescue M. F. Cochrane From
Perilous Position on Sandbar
In Bolinas Bay.
SAN RAFAEL MAN NARROWLY
ESCAPES DEATH IN WAYTES
The men who follow the prise ring: an a
profession; the gentlemen who hold responsi
ble positions under the Federal Government
and who spend their leisure (?) time en
couraging: the thucs who are pugitlstically
inclined to follow prize fighting; as a profession
will -be interested In the News Letter cartoon
this week. "Horsemald's Knee" Is the title,
and tb« Jingle that follows it is an expose in
verse that will Jar the unsophisticated patrons
of the Marquis of Queensberry"s pet cport.
Every militiaman in the State will be In
terested in the able editorial which Is entitled
"When the State Cries for Help," because It
puts the situation as regards the position of
the business man and the labor unions toward
the National Guard squarely before the public.
Tbe News Letter advocate* a policy among
our merchants and employers which If
adopted, will kill the racetrack nuisance' and
lessen our criminal statistics. "The Thugs and
the Unions" is one of many editorials on the
reign of terror that has been maintained in
this city by the Inefficient city administration
and its friends, the stablemen's union.
The society news (always exclusive) Is very
Interesting this week, and the other depart
ments arc crisp and interesting. - • ¦
A Newspaper That Bites.
SAUSALITO, July 7. — Some anxiety
is being felt for the safety of the
yacht Aggie and her crew.
The Aggie is owned by J. V. Cole
man of San Francisco and is one of
the largest yachts of the San Francis
co Yacht Club's fleet About a month
ago Coleman left Sausalito for a cruise
to San Diego. Wishing to return by
rail he left the yacht In charge ot
Charles Aspeling, formerly a deck
hand on the steamer Cazadero. Aspe
ling with a crew of three men set sail
for Sausalito two weeks ago and is
now several days overdue.
Arrival of the Aggie and Four Men
Anxiously Watched for at
Sausallto.
FEARS FELT FOR SAFETY
OF YACHT AND HER CREW
WILLOWS, July 7. — The south
bound* through freight train collided
with a work train neear Orland this
morning. The front part of the loco
motive was torn off and several flat
cars were wrecked. Fireman Lynch
was thrown from the cab and sus
tained serious injuries. A special train
took him to the railroad hospital at
Sacramento.
Work Train and Freight Collide
Near Orland and Many Care
Arc Wrecked.
FIREMAN BADLY "INJURED
IN RAILROAD COLLISION
LOS ANGELES, July 7. — The wear
ing of a heavy aluminum comb to hold
up her back hair contributed to the
tragic death to-day of Mrs. Melissa
M. Tiemann, aged 50. an employe of
an East Los Angeles canning estab
lishment. She either fell off a car
on which she had been riding or step
ped off before it had stopped and fell
violently to the ground, striking on
the back of her head. When assist
ance reached her she was uncon
scious' and before a physician could
be summoned she died. It was found
that the teeth of a heavy comb she
was wearing had been driven into the
back of her head by the force of the
fall. She leaves a large family.
Falls From Street Car and Teeth of
Heavy Comb Are Driven
Into Skull.
AGED LOS ANGELES WOMAN
KILLED IN STRANGE WAY
Cardinal Satolli Leaves St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Ju]v 7.— After a ten
days' stay in St. Louis Cardinal Satolli
left to-day for Indianapolis.
SIlss Verdie Marie Gormley Becomes
Bride of James Wilson of the
Cruiser Boston.
VALLEJO, July 7. — James Wilson,
warrant machinist attached to the
United States cruiser Boston, and Miss
Verdie Marie Gormley of Vallejo were
married in this city yesterday by Rev.
Father Netterville.
Schuyler Osterhout and Miss Hester
Chase, two well-known residents of
San Francisco, were married here at
noon yesterday. Rev. Father Netter
ville celebrating the nuptial mass.
CHARMING VALLEJO GIRL
WEDS NAVAL MACHINIST
PITTSBCRG. July 7. — Official annouae«
m-nt was made to-day of the wars settlement
with the American Sheet and Tunplato Com
pany. The company signed the scale with a
piwiso.
KEW YORK. July 7.— Th» failure of Ed*
ward T. C. Slease & Co. was announced on
the Consolidated Exchange to-day. Tfce lia
bilities are comparatively email.
PORTLAND, Or., July 7. — Sucked
beneath the waters of the Columbia
by the swell of a passing steamboat,
Rita Fox, aged 11, and Anna Cieloha,
aged 13, of Vancouver, Wash., met
death by drowning late yesterday af
ternoon. The parents of the two lit
tle girls witnessed the accident . from,
a nearby berry patch, but could not
lend them any assistance, although
several other children, engulfed at the
same time, were dragged to safety.
The scene of the drowning was on the
Oregon shore, Just below the mouth
of the Willamette River. Both bodies
have been recovered.
a Passing Steamer Fail to
Rise.
Children Engulfed by Swell Caused by
TWO LITTLE GIRLS DROWN
IN SIGHT OF PARENTS
PITTSBURG, July 7. — Operations
have been suspended at the four steel
hoop plants of the Carnegie Company,
two at Youngstown and one each at
Girard and Warren. These are the
only works of the big steel concern
that have been under the wage scale
of the Amalgamated Association of
Iron, Steel and Tin Workers. The of
ficers of the association regard the
shutdown of the mills as a lockout.
Steel Hoop Plants Shut Down.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— Four Chinese
highbinders and a young Spaniard held
up a Chinese store at Mountain View
early this morning and robbed it of
$800 in coin. Yun Lung, the aged pro
prietor of the place, was beaten on the
head with a revolver and badly injured.
There were three other Chinese in the
place besides the proprietor. Part of
the highbinders stood guard over the
store while the others ransacked the
place. Yun Lung was not inclined to
give up his money or tell its hiding
place and the robbers began to beat
him. The men finally secured the % $800
and left the place.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Wilson has papers showing that he
enlisted as a volunteer surgeon during
the Spanish war and was assigned by
the Government to Roosevelt's Rough
Riders. He says he was wounded in
the leg at San Juan Hill, and claims
that after bandaging his own leg he
went back to aid the wounded.
COLUSA, July 7.— Dr. Henry Bax
ter Wilson was arrested here this
morning on a charge of burglary. Wil
son arrived in Colusa Wednesday con
siderably under the influence of liquor.
This morning he visited Dr. West's
office and offered some surgical instru
ments for sale. West, while examin
ing the instruments, found them en
graved "Colusa County Hospital."
West refused to buy them and after
Wilson departed looked over his own
instruments and found several miss
ing. West hurried after Wilson, found
him at the depot and had to use force
to prevent him leaving.
Wilson had two grips, which were
filled with all kinds of surgical instru
ments, among which, it is claimed,
were several of West's.
Hoard Appointed to Meet at the
Proidio to Examine Officers for
Promotion Is Dissolved.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Anna E.
Coy'e has bc-en commissioned post
master at Horr.brook, Cal.
The National City Bank of New
York has been made reserve agent for
the First National Bank of San Jose,
Hal.. J-nd the Franklin National Bank
r>f Philadelphia for the Baker-Boyer
National Bank of Walla Walla. Wash.
The board of officers appointed De
cember 4. 1503. to meet at the Pre
r'.dio of San Francisco for the exami
nation of officers for promotion has
keen di^solv^d.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Proprietor of a Store at
Mountain View Badly In
jured by Quartet of Thugs
Another Physician Accuses
Him of the Theft of Sev
eral Surgical Instruments
Great Britain in sending warships to
the Kommander Islands for the pro
tection of seals was taken at the re
quest of both Russia and Japan.
Premier Balfour Explains Action of
Britain in Sending Warships to
Kommander Islands.
LONDON, July 7. — In the House of
Commons to-day Premier Balfour, re
plying to a question of Gibson Bowles
(Conservative), said that the action of
ACTED AT REQUEST
OF RUSSIA AND JAPAN
ROBBERS BEAT
AGED CHINESE
DOCTOR FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
Insurance men are responsible for the
statement that the fire would probably
result in canceling all packing-house
risks.
G. B. Noble attributes the origin of
the fire to a spark from a passing en
gine. The firm's individual loss is be
tween $25,000 and $30,000, covered by in
surance.
FRESNO, July 7.— A fire on the rail
road reservation this morning caused a
loss of $75,000. The packing-house of
the Earl Packing and Storage Com
pany, owned by Noble Bros., was burn
ed to the ground. The structure was
of a flimsy nature, and the heat thrown
off by the flames was so intense that
the firemen could not approach within
200 feet of the building, and their ef
forts were directed to saving adjoining
structures and lumber sheds from de
struction. The loss is principally to
raisins and dried fruits, with which the
packing-house was stored. A hundred
tons of dried apricots that had been re
ceived during the last four or five days
and 600 tons of raisins, valued at $48,000
and insured, were consumed. The apri
cots were valued at $10,000.
Sparks From an Enclne Causes Blaze
That Entails the Loss of $75,000
Worth of Fruit.
FRESNO PACKING HOUSE
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
Supply of Metal Bought Last Year
Is Suflicicnt to Meet All the
Demands.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— A cable
gram received by the Bureau of In
euiar Affairs announces that the Phil
i;-pine Government has no occasion for
purchasing more silver. The silver
purchased last year produced substan
t:a!ly two million more pesos than all
the Mexican dollars exported since
January* 1. 1S02. The recoinage of
Spanish Philippine coins, which is be
ir.:r artiveJy prosecuted at the San
Francisco Mint, fully supplies the
vacuum created by their withdrawal
from circulation.
NO NEED TO PURCHASE
SILVER FOR PHILIPPINES
Macliinists Adopt Form of Agreement.
DENVER, July 7. — The convention
of the Western division of the Inter
national Association of Machinists to
day adopted a standard form of agree
ment to be submitted to local unions
for ratification. It embodies the terms
of agreements now in force between
unions and employers in the Western
division. The next convention will be
held in Omaha in January-
OMAHA, July 7. — Annaklahaash.
chief of the Takou tribe of Indians at
Juneau, Alaska, has presented to Presi
dent Roosevelt a totem carved by him
self from a single piece of Alaska yel
low cedar. The unique gift passed
through Omaha to-day, having been
forwarded by P. M. Mullen of Omaha,
Receiver of the United States Land
Office at Juneau, to his son here, to
be forwarded to Washington. The
totem is two feet in length and is a
splendid specimen. The ears, eyes and
mouth are inlaid with native sea shell
and the head capped with copper. Its
presentation to the "Great White
Father" is a token of friendliness.
Accompanying the totem is a letter,
which was dictated to Mullen's inter
preter by Annaklahaash, and which
contains some interesting history' con
cerning the life of the great chief. The
letter sets forth Annaklahaash is a
member of the famous Crow family
and has papers from Russians and
Americans to prove that he always
has been a peaceable Indian.
Chief of the Takou Tribe of Indians
of Alaska Sends Cliief Execu
tive a Totem.
CARVES A UNIQUE GIFT
FOR PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
CHICAGO. July 7. — James J. Hig-
P •->. business agent of the Bricklay
ers* and Masons' Union No. 21, testi
fied in Judge Brentano's court to-day
that John Gavin, who is eeeking an
injunction against the union, wanted
: <j blow up a train of non-union men
i:i 1697. when he was an ardent mem
ber. According to the testimony of
Hijrgins. Gavin made a proposition to
him that he would pay $100 if Higgins
would assist him to dynamite the Chi
cago. Ro. k Island and Pacific train,
tarrying 150 non-union men.
"He bothered me with the proposi
tion nearly every day." Higglns said.
"He was crazv about it."
\Viino*« Swears Tliat Man Who Is
sufnj MiwooaC Union Made Proix>
gition to Dynamite a Train.
DAMAGING TESTIMONY
GIVEN" AGAINST GAVIN
ST. LOUIS, July 7. — A detachment
of fifteen Philippine scouts, under
escort of Lieutenant Brady, took for
cible possession of the Bellevue en
trance at the World's Fair, deposed
the gutemen and allowed wagons car
rying 4 000 pounds of ice for the Phil
ippine Government concession to enter
despite the orders of the gatemen and
escorted the wagons to the village.
This was the result of the efforts on
the part of the ice concessionaires of
the fair to compel the Philippine Com
mission to buy ice from them. *\
Force Guards to Admit Two Tons of
Ice Purchased Outside of the
Fair Grounds.
PIULIPPIXE SCOUTS HELP
NATIVES DEFEAT A TRUST
DALLAS. Tex., July 7.— Frederick
Evans, bookkeeper and assistant cash
ier of the Texas Bank and Trust
Company, Is missing from his home,
and the bank is short $15,000 in cash.
Evans left the city last Saturday night
for parts unknown. On account of the
Fourth of July, the bank was not
opened until Tuesday morning, when
the loss of $15,000 in currency was dis
covered. Experts are now examining
the books, but as yet have not discov
ered any discrepancies in the accounts.
Evans had been in the employ of the
bank, which was formerly known as
the Island City Savings Bank, for fif
teen years, and was one of its most
faithful and trusted employes. The
Bankers' Association and the bond
company have taken up the case and
are now scouring the country for the
fugitive, who is believed to be in Mex
ico. He left a wife and two children.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Dear Will: I saw General Bell to-nirht to
let me get some groceries, and be said be hoped
Denver would eoon be put under martial law
so he could search for you. He said he would
flx it so no union man could vote at the next
election. He talked awful to me. • • •
Now, dear Will, please stay in hiding and do
not let this horrible man and his soldiers get
hold of you, lor they will never let you get
away. I hope to God this terrible thing will
soon be settled In seme way, so you can return
to your home again. I do not see why inno
cent men should be made to suffer. You say
you are discouraged. Brace up and write soon
to "GAT."
DENVER, July 7.— W. H. Morgan,
assayer and president and general
manager of the Grouse Mountain Gold
Mining Company, was" found dead to
day in a lodging-house in this city.
He had committed suicide on July* 4
by taking poison and then shooting
himself. He was one of the first party
deported from Cripple Creek. Letters
left by him show that he had been
threatened and driven- to desperation.
One letter, apparently from the dead
man's wife, is as follows:
AUejced Threats of General Bell Sup
posed Cause of Deed.
ASSAYER KILLS HIMSELF.
CANON CITT, Colo., July 7.— Six
miners and union sympathizers were
run out of Victor to-day by twenty
five masked men and ordered never to
return to Teller County. They were es
corted several miles toward the Fre
mont County line before being re
leased. They arrived in Canon City
about noon to-day and boarded a train
for Denver, where they will lodge a
formal complaint with Governor Pea
body.
Deputies were escorting the men
from Victor to Cripple Creek when
they were intercepted by the masked
mob and forced to surrender the men.
The capture of the prisoners caused
many wild rumors to circulate In the
Cripple Creek district, one being that
the men had. been hanged.
All of the men had previously been
deported by the military and warned
not to return to the district.
Two of the men had passes from
General M. Bell permitting them to
return to Cripple Creek. They aver
that they were horsewhipped by the
mob and told, if they ever came back
they would be hanged.
KANSAS CITY. July ".—The Kaw
K:\er overflowed its banks near the
Missouri Pacific bridge at 11 o'clock
iL-r.:ght and the water is now spread
ing over the west bottoms — the whole
eaJe district. The water has approached
¦ tthljj two blocks of the Union station
and will reach there before daylight.
The ArmcurdaJe district of Kansas
City, Kar.s.. has been deserted, its in
habitants having been driven from
their hcrr.es by the overflow of the
xiver for the second time in thirteen
months. Mayor Gilbert of Kansas City
tc-r.ight sent the following telegram to
the Secretary of War:
"Ten thousand people have been driv
en from their homes in Kansas City,
Kans.. by floods. I earnestly request
that you direct the commander at Fort
Leavcnworth to issue rations as we
cay need."
All Kansas streams are high to-night
and thousands of acres of rich farming
lards have already been inundated,
».£us:rp losses to crops that will doubt-
Icsj run into the hundreds of thousands
1 : dollars.
The Missouri River at Kansas City.
'Although up from the overflow of the
Kaw at this point, is still in no danger
« f causing any serious flood, and after
t further rise of eighteen inches Ob
f rrer Cooney predicts this 6tream will
also begin to fall to-morrow. Across
from Kansas City the Missouri has
folded Harlem, a sparsely settled
1 :ace, but nor.e of the manufacturing
1 r.eerr.s along the stream has suffered
carr.age.
Railroad service south and west of
Kansas Citv is demoralized, numerous
< ashouts being reported, and trains on
the Rock Island, the Santa Fe, the Un
inn Pacific and the Missouri Pacific are
flailed.
Strikers and Sympathizers
Say They Were Horse
whipped and Threatened
Country Is Being Scoured
for the Fugitive, Who Is
Believed to Be in Mexico
Apical for Provisions for
Victims Is 3Iade to Secre
tary of War by Mayor
DEPUTIES INTERCEPTED
EXPERTS AT THE BOOKS
FA11MS ARE INUNDATED
Ton Thousand People Forced
t<> Abandon Homes by the
Overflowing of Kaw Hirer
3Iasked Mob Takes Charge
of Deported Men and Es
corts Them Toward Line
Texas Financial Institution
Is Xinus a Trusted Em
ploye and §15,000 in Coin
CASH AND BANK
CLERK MISSING
MINERS FORCED
OUT OF TELLER
KANSANS FLEE
BEFORE FLOODS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", . FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1904.
TACOMA. Wash., July 7. — With the
arrival of General Funston at head
quarters practically all the division
staff officers and brigade staff officers
are on the ground for the maneuvers
at the American Lake encampment.
Competitive target shooting between
teams of the regulars and the National
Guard of Oregon. Washington and
Idaho began to-day and will last three
days.
Competitive Target Shooting.
TREKA. July 7. — The Coroner has
just returned from the Inquest on the
body of Georgre Becker, a young man
of Corning, Cal.. aged 23 years, who
last night fell from a flatcar of the
northbound freight train near Mon
tagrue. The young: man's legs were
crushed so that amputation was neces
sary- He died after the operation.
Wheels Crush Out Life.
SAKTA CRUZ, July 7. — The man who was
run over and killed near Aptoe has been iden
tified as A. Junes, a section hand In the em
ploy of the' railroad. He was 42 years of age
and a native of Pennsylvania.
7
is her nature to love
rj,, • • 1 » beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother most
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror*
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerou*. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
of women through
the trying crisis without suffering. [^^ mm^^ B .. B
fond for tr*» took ecaUimia* laferaatle* BOSK ffl&iw ffjfl Afl
t priceless T*lne to »U expectant matters. Bf U H &££ Ef B B MM
Tie Brig-field Ragtlattr C«, Atlurta. 6a. m m m B mm
Three of
a Kind
Beats many other combinations, and the three "
famous trains of the
Chicago, Milwaukee & St.
Paul Railway
offer an excellence in service and equipment not
obtainable elsewhere. The Overland Limited to
Chicago, via Omaha. The Pioneer Limited, St.
Paul to Chicago. The Southwest Limited, Kan-
sas City to Chicago. Only $72.50 to Chicago and
return, July 8, 13 and 14; August 8, 9, 10, 18
and 19; September 5, 6, 7 and 8. Return limit,
90 days. V; " - ! i Ji
% Through trains at 10 a. m. and 6 p.m. i *'!iiJEJj|
Tickets, 635 Market Street, San Francisco.
a L CANFIELD,
General Aleut.
AD V J£KTI£Z2£E27T8b
wfSgp&L A. d. L. DObemian A
y g&/^^??t& (The only beer koUled exclosiTel y at toe Brewery) 11
ryfflBp^"* Beer is characterized bj a pronounced tod fk
I W W^ delightful hop aroma not to me found in any JUk
I 1 .^i^^b*^ other brand. This is due to the u»e of the
hW$£*\*TmWu THE AMERICAN B8£ wing co. //
¦ PBAGEBS PBAGER3 | PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS •'
j\ $CT~ . • ' ago caught on with instant favor. We have left [
re^V-j2y -f^"^ /ill I \\\\i/^ nothing undone to make the values greater than fij
~jJ& (I Am\ \\VWr an ything we have ever offered and the prices for p
*My \ vP Jlliilv ¦ Wl t0 -day will be wonderful surprises for you. 1
illf 'Cs© Women's Muslin Underwear, ¦ 1
V v J^jSXffimwfiTl v\<^fwV^^ii A M Just think! You can secure a cambric corset cover. S
/ VtrAf W*%lWn 'I I S^ 1£©??A ¦ M ff% ?* dC - n "I"* 1 V ££ prCtty S . tyIes « at the ridiculously H
k h m^mUili ' " » £ ng pncc -»*-»-"««« ¦**«*> « I
Ft W"LJllllfr( VHP f5Oi^ Cambric corset iam^wmz with yokes of embroidery \\
I V W±l m^^/S\VM k^Mlm / iX^ CMC ! n ! crtion . alternating with hne tucks, while ethers have fl
ik'A "&A W^*/fJWMnVf/\ Mj9 *^dJ S\ S** briar stitching and herringbone designs, edged all If
'Svbaar^ dliii^§^^8w/i / Mfmb^ Jy "^fai- vaiue nar c° w lacc; a very p " tty corset covcr ' The 1
B 1^ ,, >V 3C» Extra finc ?' a A Of cambric corsct covc «. in a variety of fi
V " J\ t^ .l.jC styles -to_ select trom; some have yokes of daintv Valen- I
Wy&m^ttfe "''VfmUitMr \^-^»/^W c.ennes insertion and others of fine Torchon lace orna- \\
\^^^^^^^k<j!lif^^ \ re ularl worth oT * ° f ribb ° n; excclIent v *l« and H
tfi^^^^^T^\I/^^ V V 7O/* Corset' covers, made of soft Jones cambric, in several H
toSPCw "1V.LV; IjL \ »N .irlC "yj". all differently trimmed; some with cluny insertion U
B%fif\ v'Jt fi\ >v N. WJW and others with hemstitched tucks. A very pretty ar- fi
*£*WrF$>\ ''\vP\*i / \ f.^^ Corset covers, some made of sheer cambric and others B
JPt/ M/!JT''>\\\O / >fc&i *t^C Ot soft namsook, with elaborate yokes of lace tucking or «
%k//y iJLm \ '. \w\y( I TtfcJ\^ embroidery. The regular value, 75c. 1?
ill J~i2B^m Drawers. h«<ied with clusters of fine tucks. Ofk Cambric nightgowns cut ]j
li^PWtm^^ A f- ' I'» -»t .very day Th ' " gUl " 7 '^ O7C f f h - * ok < "' %
% Sk S BhLe\ that such a real bar- p O I-onsdale cambric drawer.. wUh 7 imbroMeVv'"'^",^ I
tA/W'FPYkMm- /^P t B hTis°Sv O e r n ym V« DOC 7 th ."»n<I.ome rufB. .of run ,hrou g V ,vi,wS, r bbon-^h? i
g|ygM|#^ Zs^ruThed" 0^ JgS & re' g u,ar^uc Uffl $ !» ClU " y '" C - sH^il^ f
V^&^^^v^E^ stitched ruffle of the same material, ' _ ... . H
\' ! P^P^W*N&3<rf headed with 2 rows of narrow tucks. W:«.»,* rv^,,™,* flQs> Nightgown, made of soft E
ll^^WWJl^^V regular value is 50c. l\lgDt» UOWHS. VQC cambric material, with yoke H
*^V stitched wi$ clusters "f Lk 11 g% £ CSt attr | ction % u we J lccve T s , fini5hc 1 w «h hemstitched ruf- f
WMJWMIW , tucks at thebottom- *% M P £3^^re mad^ Thc "«^ value, $1.50. @
Mvi^Lw/W^fe^ good quality muslin. A splendid ¦¦¦¦la W 0^ 3 « e made M
M^JISP ; alu^ T *v egular pricc ' 65c - uuu gjjrssiss $1.18 n G i°gnf go^ dc^ h f >¦« I
A M\if/*£%§^ r^ IdQr* 5 raw< \ r , s :,, made of New yoke of embroidery insertion, alter- i= Fancy cro"s^itclW £ %
\fjdl 1T5v ZtQP Mills muslin, cut ex- nating with clusters of tucks; the ished alf?aronnrf «-?,h* /«T S
W^fJ^fk^ tra full; bottoms finished neck and cuffs are finished with nar- ored baby ribbon and the n^L- £& 1
|||g||^ EL"* * |j^ | I
Ort This is a pur- jg^j^jj CQ/% Skirts, made of H
rjS|f I !^fP|^ ; ! jB for lcss than 5OC ' * ]lf AL^V^fS RELIABLE \ Qfif» Snbric qi Vkir7 a
>=til§\\\ [fjj! f ',\" flf" IfQs* Skirt . s > made of Jl |Oqo % <9KATVTADiri7T CT at ( 'U** with flounce of W
flIuBtn£i&rf t \ **CSC mu - s !l n i b °u o ? ' u<^ l^QU JMAIcKJbT ST.jo\£J victoria i awn i
/HSPwJV »Tr ' //SS4 *VJW finished -with ?6-v " H 16 inches deep; has two H
I %2&sVv him ed r»ffle. lnch wi,h em doubi; All the Shopping Inducements That Have Se°d J^5i?SSS 1
W&@'F V \5 Made Thb Store Popular Are Stfll Here. ?L'e h £j$, »?Z, |?.£ ISpecial information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). S30 Cal
ifornia street. 'Telephone Main 1043. •
Good specs, eyeglasses. lSc-50c 79 4th
st. front of Key's CeL Oyster House. •
Townsend'a California Olace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. T 15 Market at.*
Both Russians and Japanese are appealing to that
great court of rational opinion represented by the ethics
of civilized nations against alleged barbarities perpe
trated by both in the oriental conflict. < It is highly prob
able that both are to blame and that neither censure nor
suggestion ' will be potent enough to modify their prac
tices while the war-is in progress. Victory covers
every offense in war.
Another American army officer has killed himself, and
behind the tragedy of his self-destruction is the shadow
of a woman. These bloody affairs are becoming of so
frequent occurrence that certainly it is time for Uncle
Sam to school his soldiers in the tricks of Cupid no
less than in the craft of Mars. Lovely woman appears
to be far more dangerous to our heroes than the arts
of our valiant foes:
REFUSING TO OBEY— Subscriber
City. Article 21 of the articles of war!
United States army (United Stated
Statutes), has the following relative to
disobedience of orders: "Any officer or
soldier who on any pretense whatever
strikes his superior officer, or draws
or lifts up any weapon or offers any
violence against him. being in the exe
cution of his office, or disobeys any law
ful command of his superior officer,
shall suffer death or such other punish
ment as a court-martial may direct."
Disobedience of an order of a non-com
missioned officer is governed by article
62, which provides: "AH crimes not
capital and all disorders and neglects
which officers and soldiers may be
guilty of to the prejudice of good order
and military discipline, though not
mentioned in foregoing articles of war.
are to be taken cognizance of by a gen
eral, regimental, garrison or summary
court, according to the nature and de
gree of the offense, and punished at
the discretion of such court."
Much may be learned from shop
windows, and those of the dealers In
popular sheet music just now suggest
a coming change of the deepest im
port. Where for ten years past, the
"swart maid and her swarthier swain"
have greeted our eyes in a thousand
guises, the red-skinned son of the
forest now stands forth. Woolly
heads give place to the feathered
head-dress of the Indian chief.
No publication at hand gives us
regularly a list of the six best selling
songs, yet the composite impressions
of street whistlers and hurdy-gurdies
furnish a fairly reliable index of pop
ularity. It cannot be a pure coinci
dence that the tune which came to
New York ears last year with the most
damnable iteration had an Indian
title, that another which has closely
followed it bears the same name as
the familiar red and white blankets
of the Southwest, while more of the
same school of melodies appear week
ly, decked out in all the bravery of
many-hued tepees, wampum belts and
papooses.
. The "coon song" owed its 'origin
and development to the fortuitous oc
currence in the English language of
certaty strictly limited groups of
rhymes of which "lady" and "shady."
"honey" and "money" are probably
the most 'Important. The new school
OX popular melody depends to an
Cakenvclk to Ghost Dance.
VIOLIN— C. A. B., San Leandro. Cal.
The fact that a. violin bears the name
Antonio Stradivarius. the celebrated
maker, is not proof that It was one of
his make. The genuineness of an In
strument can be determined only by an
CRUDE OIL— A. A.. City. This de
partment has not been able to find any
record of the first vessel that "carriei
crude oil across the western ocean to
Europe."
Anszvers to Queries.
TWO cities on the Pacific Coast are expecting the
immediate use of the convertible strength born of
mountain torrents. * Ten thousand horsepower will
soon be carried by cables 125 miles long from the Kern
River into the city of Los Angeles. A great plant will
take into Seattle, from Cedar Lake, electrical energy
that can eventually be developed to the maximum force
of 50,000 horses. In the Pacific Coast mountains are
torrential streams, fed by melting snows and vast water
sheds, endowed with sufficient potentiality to revolution
ize the industries of the entire slope and to create new
sources of wealth. Countless small mountain rivulets
become creeks, then lakes and rivers in which stored-up
possibilities invite enterprise- and' offer advantages sup
plemental to the great ones of climate and soil.
Less than a quarter' of a century ago the men at the
head of transcontinental railways looked upon the
States of the Pacific Coast as areas that must perforce be
considered principally agricultural or for a time mineral,
until the deposits in the mines were all extracted. They
were supposed to be a sure field to afford tolls for all
time for the long haul across the continent of the goods,
and wares manufactured in the East. . Eastern manu
facturers took the same view of this seaward slope.
One of the daring conceptions of which the* historian
of this industrial nation must take account was that en
tertained by freight traffic managers of railways east and
west, that it would be possible to minimize sea competi
tion in the carrying trade by so shaping freight tariffs
that Chicago and its vicinity should be built up as manu
facturing cities as against large communities already ex
tensively manufacturing on the seaboard of the Atlantic.
Much was done to accomplish this romantic dream of
hard-headed millionaires back of railway management
and the temporary results have certainly been large and
profitable to the Middle West.
No one, seemingly, took into consideration the water
power of the Pacific Coast mountains. Sea carriers of
freight were much smaller than they are. They burned
expensive fuel; were hampered in their use of the sea by
restrictive agreements that tied up traffic by way of the
Isthmus of Panama and handed its control over to rail
ways that were thousands of miles distant from the
isthmus, but dominated its transportation by subsidy
contracts.
Every day during this period the Pacific Coast moun
tain streams, unharnessed, were wasting their strength
in destroying levees in the springtime or idly flowing to
the sea during the remainder of the year. The day of
their supremacy has since been slowly but surely dawn
ing. Great electric power plants, based on the flow ot
There are some people, no doubt,
who fancy that £32.000 an ounce Is
quite enough to give for anything in
the world, and yet from all appear
ances there is little doubt that this
price will come to be looked upon as
a very modest one for radium. Th?
action of the Austrian Government in
restricting the mininjj of pitchblende
in Bohemia is already having its ef
fect and the mighty atoms become
more valu^le every day. As an In
stance of the manner in which the
precious material is regarded, we need
only mention the demand that is made
for the mere loan of a specimen of
radium. It is of 1,800,000 activity,
and has a distinct effect on the elec
troscope at a distance of eight feet.
For the few specks of yellowish sub
stance in the center of a case half the
size of a lady's watch over £100 has
been refused, the owners preferring to
lend it out to doctors at £5 a time.
Costliest Atoms in World.
GIANTS OF THE MOUNTAINS.
These landsmen are playing the same game that was
played for years by the Algerine pirates who levied
blackmail upon Mediterranean commerce and took white
Europeans off ships and sold them into slavery. Every
nation in Europe submitted to this, and the more money
they paid the pirates in ransoms and for freedom of the
sea the more was charged. Finally the United States
took up the matter and ended Algerine piracy and paved
the way for the French conquest, which has resulted in
making that part of Africa peaceable and safe. We have
no desire now to interfere beyond the limit of the Perdi
caris case. That supplied a vigorous phrase in the his
tory of American diplomacy when Secretary Hay de
manded of the Sultan: "The American alive or Raissouli
dead." That unkeys the situation for Great Britain.
Under our form of government an act of war must be
authorized by Congress. But the British Government is
executive and can 'act with promptness. It can not only
demand a robber dead but can make him dead in default
of action by another.
The safety of the nationals of every Government on
earth is the first requirement of international justice and
it should be secured at all hazards. The North African
plan of putting the Sultan of Morocco in a hole by cap
turing foreigners and holding them as hostages or- for a
ransom will not run much further without running
against a large surprise. \
THE success of the Moorish bandit Raissouli in get
ting ransom money and extension of his power for
an American and an Englishman has fired the
chiefs of the Anghera tribe, who threaten to capture an
other Englishman and hold him as a hostage until cer
tain of their tribesmen who are in jail for various crimes
are released. It is to be hoped they will do this and that
they will make the same demand that Raissouli made, for
ransom and for territory and privileges to be granted by
the Sultan and guaranteed by Great Britain. Such a de
mand should be acceded to until the captive is released
and then Great Britain should land a forc« sufficient to
wipe the whole gang off the face of the earth.
THE MOOR RAMPANT.
Independence day has passed, the smoke of celebra
tion has cleared, patriotism has found full and boister
ous expression and the small boy, somewhat the worse
for the wear and tear of the day, perhaps, i$ still with
us. Having shown that on July 4 we are all loving
members of a glorious national family, we will now pro
ceed to exploit our various unworth in the great national
political campaign which closes in November. After a
little bluster, some buncombe will do no harm.
Kuropatkin, it is announced, will be ready, after the
rainy season, just beginning, has ended, to take the of
fensive against his doughty Japanese foes. This procla
mation seems almost incredible to those of us that have
followed even casually the warlike events in the Far
East. For a soldier.with a reputation Kuropatkin is the
most inoffensive, peace-loving, retiring gentleman now
in the world's eye. It would be a violation of the pro
prieties which he has created to make him fight.
" 'Not on your life.* said the trarrp
on the wharf, 'I am going to wait
awhile and make it $10.* "
"Tramp number one jumped into th'e
creek as per programme, but his com
panion evinced no hurry to do the sav
ing act.
" 'Jump.* said the immersed onp.
'Now is the time to get the $5.*
They were discussing In the Coro
ner's office the recent case of the man
who found the body of a drowning
man in the bay and was allowed the
reward of $10 for the recovery of
bodies, although the rescued one was
not dead.
"That reminds me of an incident that
occurred gome years ago In one of the
back-hills counties," said Deputy Cor
oner McCormick. "You see they had
a law in that county providing for th.»
payment of $5 to the rescuer of a
drowning man and $10 for the recovery
of a dead body.
"It appears that two members of the
genus 'hobo* struck the place one day.
Things were looking blue for them ks
the citizens had.no use for 'hobos' and
the latter being without a cent could
get nothing to eat. Now the hobos
knew of the law Just quoted, and they
agreed to put up a Job to secure the $,1
reward. One of them was to jump Intcf
the creek and feign to be drowning,
while the other was to Jump from the
wharf into the creek at the critical mo
ment and save his chum and then
claim the reward.
He Waited for More.
We seek no more a daily prize,
Xor triumph in our dreams.
So changed the luster of the skiea,
J So faint and few the gleams.
Yet comes anew, when others play, •
That unforgotten thrill.
And are we dull and old to-day.
Or only children still?
We loved the battle once, but now
We are not overbold.
There's wisdom on the weary brow
And in our hearts the cold.
Yet in the light of eager eyes
We lose the wintry chill.
And then we are not overwise.
But simple children still.
The visions of our glorious youth
Have faded long ago;
We hope no more to find the truth.
And should we care to know?
Not ours to scale the viewless height.
But there's a purple hill.
And still we gladden at the sight
And climb as children still.
How much of all the good we planned
Is perfect or begun?
Who watched the lifting of God's hand,
And waits for his "well done"?
But when the children whom we love
The good we missed fulfill.
Thank God our hearts prevail to prove
The hearts of children stllL
— London Saturday Review.
Children Still:
"To the Yellow God, the Black God,
the White God and the Green God:
Please kindly take us all up with you
and do not leave us unprotected, but
destroy our enemies." Such a prayer
is to be found on a Tibetan praying
wheel, said A. R. Wright at a meeting
otrihe Folklore Society held in Albe
marle street W. A novel feature of
this prayer wheel whlcn the Tibetan
spends much of the time In turning
is that if turned the wrong way every
thing done before is undone.
Some of the articles used by the Ti
betans in their devotions are very
grewsome. A human thigh bone cov
ered with human skin is used as a
horn for exorcising demons and to
draw the soul from hell. A double
drum made from two halves of a
skull, the skin covering being that of
a human being, is placed on the altar
of certain deities in the Tibetan re
ligion. — London Mail.
"Tibetans' Praying Wheel."
which epeaks to the woman of "our
child." Needless to say, it was not
written by the shipowner's son. Thus
upon the proud old man bursts? the
knowledge that one of his grandchil
dren is Illegitimate. The question is,
which one? Burnside believes that he
can drag the truth out of the mother,
but she declines to tell. And the rest
of the play shows the old man crushed
by the knowledge that has come to him
and harassed by doubts as to vrhat
course he must take. It Is all tragic
enough, but the author brings about a
happy ending by making the old ship
per decide to take both children to his
heart again and to carry out his first
intention regarding them.
If '"Warp and Woof," the new play
by the Hon. Mrs. Alfred Lyttelton, pre
sents a true picture, as it purports to
do, of the state of affairs existing In
fashionable London dressmaking estab
lishments, then It constitutes an In
dictment of the Government of which
her husband, the Colonial Secretary, Is
a shining member, for failure to enforce
the factory acts. One might para
phrase Hood and call it a dramatic
"Sor.ff of the Skirt." We are intro
duced to the sweat shop, 'not In* 1 the
purlieus of poverty stricken White
ehapel, but in the luxurious West End.
We are shown wretched, pallid, 111-fed
women being worked early and late In
defiance of the law to complete in time
for some fashionable function the cos
tumes ordered by society women who
are utterly Indifferent to the welfare of
the toileri! who minister to their pleas
ure. Their shallowness, vulgarity a'nd
selfishness are strikingly depicted. The
most dramatic scene in the play is that
in which Theodosia (Mrs. Patrick
Campbell) enters the drawing-room of
Lady Jenny Barkenstone with the
gown which the latter is awaiting.
While making It Theodosia's sister had
fainted. In the presence of her guests,
Lady Jenny, irritated by the delay in
the garment's arrival, treats Theodosia
to a torrent of abuse. It is then that
the shop girl, driven desperate by the
sufferings she has witnessed and the
unjust attack upon herself, lets fly at
her ladyship and the assembled com
pany and tells them some wholesome
truths from the working woman's
point of view. Some critics assert that
Mrs. Lyttelton's picture of the condi
tions prevailing in West End dress
making establishments is grossly over
drawn. Dressmakers and factory in
spectors have been interviewed and of
course they declare that the ills which
Mrs. Lyttelton has portrayed exist only
in her imagination.
LONDON, June 22.— At the present
writing arrangements are practically
complete for a lengthy -frsur in the
United States on the part of Edward
Terry, the English actor-manager.
He will be seen in America about the
end of the year in "The House of Burn
side," which he is now giving at his
own theater in London and which, If
it is not a workmanlike play, is at all
events an interesting one and shows
the actor at his best.
Few actors on this side of the water
are better known than Edward Terry,
though this will be his first visit to the
United States. He Is famous as one of
that merry band who disported them
selves at the Old Gaiety when the "Sa
cred Lamp of Burlesque" was burning
most brightly, and of whom Henry Irv
ing, Nellie Farren and Toole were also
members, but perhaps he is best known
on account of his connection with
"Sweet Lavender." The Pinero comedy
was one of Terry's first ventures at the
theater which he opened in the Strand
in 1SS7. It was his great card — he played
Dick Phenyl. the hero, 670 times in Lon
don, and goodness only knows how
many in the provinces and colonies.
Since he was obliged to shelve "Sweet
Lavender" Terry has been looking for
another such play, without much luck
until now.' His last appearance in Lon
don, when he used a piece by Captain
Basil Hood, was a dire failure. But it
really looks as if the actor had a good
thing in "The House of Burnside." It is
one more adaptation from the French
by the indefatigable Louis ,N. Parker,
and well enough done for all practical
purposes. The original was called "La
Maison." Jhe story is simple. Richard
Burnside, the gruff but really tender
hearted old hero, Is exactly the sort of
character which Terry is happiest in
representing. He is head of the great
shipping house of Burnside, but great
as is his pride in the business, It has to
take second place to his love for his two
little grandchildren. Burnslde's son,
Dick, has proved a ne'er do weel, and
after his death his wife, Marion, and
her two children have come to live with
Richard Burnside. The shipowner has
planned that the boy. little Dick, shall
succeed to the business. On the little
girl. Maggie, he intends to settle half
his fortune.
Then tragedy comes in at the door.
A letter arrives for the young widow
which falls into Burnside's hands and
Terry Will Tour America.
THE world is getting information that it has lacked
about the quality of the Japanese. The little em
pire is strained to ultimate tension by the war with
Russia. The genius of its leaders-and the courage of its
people are on trial and they stand the test. The lamen
tations are not for th'e dead, but that those who are left
at home were not privileged to perish in their place.
Mothers" hear that their sons died in battle and exult
that they bore them to die for their country. Fathers
mourn not that their children have fallen under arras,
but that their age keeps them inactive at home. On
lookers call it fatalism and name it an Oriental trait, an
Asiatic peculiarity. But it has in it as pure and high
minded patriotism as burns in the breasts of the heroes
of the whitest nations.
Americans who had contact with our red Indians in
their primitive nobility see at once the existence of the
Japanese quality. It is not stolidity nor indifference, but
is a manifestation of the sense of duty to country, to tribe,
to others, in its highest form. The physical likeness of
the American Indian to the Eastern Asiatic is supple
mented by this psychological likeness, which is revealed
under the pressure of war. Ethnologists will not fail to
observe and investigate it. It is not a fact that the Ja
panese feel no grief for their dead heroes. It is in the
heart, but unexpressed. It is under the kindly cover of
a philosophy and patriotism the most admirable and a
patience that is not jarred by any personal sorrow. The
people pause to render the rites for the dead and then
set their faces to the further responsibilities of the strug
gle for national independence.
If Japan go down she will fall furnishing to the world
a new history, a most interesting and instructive story
of human endurance , and courage against odds. Her
soldiers who concealed : the freezing of their feet on the
march that they might not be denied the rapture of the
fight have placed the standard of bravery and devotion
higher than men have put it in all the past.
THE JAPANESE QUALITY.
So far as known Mrs. T. P. O'Connor,
who has just taken charge of the des
tinies of the weekly periodical, "Chic,"
Im London's first American woman edi-
The coming centenary of George
Fand has brought out the fact — which
probably will surprise most persons—
that some of the authoress* work still
remains unpublished. These writings,
which now are likely to see. the light of
day. include two plays named "The
Man With the Marionettes." and
"Manon," and | several fragments of
novels. Of these the most interesting
is "Memoirs of J. Paille," which, be
gun by George Sand in 1863, was in
tended by the authoress to be the life
story of an Imaginary grandson of
Rousseau. It was given up, however,
when Madame Sand discovered that
the same idea had been used by Claude
Genoux in "Lea Enfants de Rousseau."
Among the other fragments Is "The
Queen of the Snows," which its au
thoress seems to - have intended much
on the lines of Dickens' "Christmas
Books."
Dr. Emil Reich, whose book. "Suc
cess Among Nations," seems to have
aroused a good deal of controversy in
the United States— Just as it has over
np re — is a smooth-faced, handsome,
middle-aged Hungarian savant who
ha» the^ sift of speech to an almost
miraculous degree. He has been giv
ing a course of university lectures in
London this season on a wide range of
tcpics, packed with all sorts of difficult
facts, and yet with never so much as
a cuff-note to look Rt. His eloquence
is of the persuasive sort that some
how enables him to tell an audience
lcrgely composed of English women
that as a rule he thinks English women
a tame lot, not at all comparable with
thejr sisters in France, for Instance.
There Is something about his fiery en
thusiasm that takes the sting out of
the words. He dearly loves to be on
the other side of an argument, and I
suspect that Is one reason for his con
troversial attitude regarding American
women. He chuckled Joyously the
other day in the writer's presence when
an American visitor hurled at him the
following comment: "You may have
lived ic America five years. Dr. Reich,
but you evidently saw only one kind of
American woman— the kind that rushed
up to you after a lecture and car
ried you off triumphantly to dinner for
tbe sake of getting a bit of prestige.
You got among culture-grabbers and
hand-Fhakers and stayed among 'em
the whole five yearn, and never knew
there was another sort of American
woman. You made a hasty generaliza
tion, in other words." The learned
doctor's answer to this gallant on
slaught was crushing. "My boy." said
he, "come and have a drink." The
doctor's wife is a charming little
French lady, and their London home
is hospitable, indeed.
Possibly the first part of the fore
poing may be true — though one hopes
it isn't. Regarding the point at issue,
the present writer's experience has led
him tn believe that an American work
of real quality — whether serious or
fiction— will be recognized as such by
ninety-nine out of a hundrtd British
reviewers. But when an American
booK is bad— well, then I think there is
tendency on the part of most literary
critics to make rather a point of its
trans-Atlantic origin.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
E tiEXRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, June 22.—"Eng
lish Bards and Scotch Reviewers" was
the title, it will be remembered, of By
ron's savage onslaught upon the Edin
burgh Review, and that of "American
Cooks and English Reviewers" might be
applied to the discussion that has been
raging of late in a prominent London
newspaper regarding works from the
United States and their standing In
this country. Probably echoes of this
argument have not failed to reach the
other side of the Atlantic. It started In
the Chronicle— which is known as the
most literary of the London dailies—
tnd arose out of a book review which
appeared recently in the columns of
that newspaper. The volume reviewed,
which had as its subject "Matthew-
Arnold." was published by G. P. Put
nam's Sons, and perhaps this was why
the reviewer, who roasted the work.
Cot the impression that its origin was
American, and gave this impression in
what he wrote about it. Instantly
came a. letter from George H. Putnam,
who is now in this country, pointing
out that the volume's author was not
an American at all, but English, and
deprecating .what the publisher de
scribed as a prejudice against American
books on the part of the British re
viewers. The resultant discussion has
l>een as to whether such a prejudice
« xist*. and opinions have been ex
pressed by authors, reviewers and pub
lishers — among them John Lane,
¦Rita." Mrs. Dudenay and, lastly,
Arthur Waugh, who wrote the offend
ing review. It was asserted by one
witness that the books by American
professors that find their way over
here almost invariably compare so un
favorably with the works of British
tavants that no English reviewer can
be blamed for feeling some misgiving
on encountering a supposedly "pro
found" volume from the other side, but
even this writer denied indignantly
that a book of any kind would be
'"roasted" hrre, regardless of its merit,
fimply because it was American.
£peclal Correspondence.
Caustic English Critics.
equal degree on the continued supply
of :' such . rhymes as "beau" and
"Xavajo," "canoe" and "you." This
latter mine has scarcely been touched
as yet, but the possibilities seem un
bounded. A moment's thought sug
gests the coupling of "Apache" with
"I'll snatch ye," "Comanche" with
"Oh, can't ye?" "Sioux" with "true,"
"Zuni" with "spoony," "Creek" with
"cheek," "Digger" with "figure." and
almost any infinitude of other combi
nations. Any rhymster with a set of
reports of the bureau of American
ethnology could write ditties of this
sort as readily as Touchstone parodied
Orlando.
"We have had songs about Indiana
before, widely popular ones at that,
and it will doubtless be urged that a
momentary reappearance of an always
pleasing type may easily be mistaken
for a symptom of an actual crisis. But
close examination merely confirms the
view we have expressed above. There
were old-time negro melodies, too, and
the minstrel show was three-quarters
of a century old when modern "rag
time" came into vogue. It is as far a
cry from
Wtoere iwh9 th* water*
Of the blue Junlata,
Wild roved an Indian maid.
Bright Alfarata.
to
If you'll have a coon for • beau,
I'll have a Xavajo.
as from "The Suwanee River" to "I'm
Dreaming a Million Dollar Dream."
The races of man, according to the
geographies of the old school, are six
in number. "With a few struggling ex
ceptions, the music halls have hitherto
drawn their inspiration from the Cau
casian and the Ethiopian. Unless signs
fail, the American is now coming on
the stage and may be expected to hoM
it for half a decade. The far-seeing
song writer will do well if, before the
end of this period, he accumulates a
stock of Malay, Mongolian and Austra
lian ditties. The market for them is
sure to appear in the fullness of time-
New York Evening Post.
The sad financial experience of several wealthy women
.who tried to evade the payment of heavy customs duties
at this port should be a warning to ladies similarly in
clined that Uncle Sam draws no distinction of sex in de
manding his exactions from the owners of foreign-made
goods. If the deft fingers of foreigners can weave better
than our own, then those that think so must pay for
their opinion.
THE Democratic press has shrieked itself into ex
haustion in sustaining Mr. John Sharp Williams in
his attack on the President in the matter of his
views on the Monroe hemisphere. . Mr. Cleveland inter
preted the Monroe doctrine once in a way satisfactory to
the country and declared that' our honor required that
we defend it by war if necessary. That was on the ques
tion of arbitrating the boundary dispute between* Great
Britain and Venezuela. •
It was hoped in this country that the demonstration
then made would improve the quality of government in
Venezuela. We declared it to be our policy and inten
tion to defend her sovereignty and territory against the
strongest power in the world, and immediately gratitude
toward us became epidemic at Caracas. A monument to
Monroe was planned and "El tio Samuel" was toasted
from the Andes to the sea. But the lesson was lost upon
that Government. Instead of acquiring respect for the
international rights of others Venezuela, became more
lawless than ever and included nationals' of the United
States among those she plundered and outraged. She is
a nefarious example of that indecency of government
that President Roosevelt deprecated and by so doing
brought upon him Democratic wrath.
Now comes Hayti, remembering that Mr. Cleveland
threatened to fight Great Britain for Venezuela, and look
ing to this country to defend her . against France and
Germany, whose Ministers have been stoned in the
streets by the bodyguard of the President who has suc
ceeded Simon Sam. This offense *was not committed by
the rabble of 'the street, but by the official guard of the
President under command of officers who, if they did not
participate in the outrage, did nothing to prevent it.
A nation is insulted in the person of its Minister. A
blow aimed at him is aimed at the nation he represents
and is a matter that cannot be ignored. France and
Germany are sending each a war ship to Hayti to de
mand reparation and that country tries now to run to
cover under the wing of the American eagle and wishes
our protection against punishment for her indecency.
But she knocks at the wrong d<jor. France and Ger
many have our permission under the Monroe doctrine to
land troops and thrash Hayti soundly. They may even
impose upon her a money indemnity to pay the cost of
whipping her into decency and must stop only at her
sovereignty and her territorial integrity.
We are of the opinion that it would be a wholesome
lesson, useful to all mongrel Latin-America, to let Hayti
be soundly punished by the two nations she has in
sulted. It would do her good and would improve 'her
Government and elevate the ideas of her people. It
would als^> save the United States the expense of admin
istering discipline to the Haytians and others, for
nothing is more certain than that this country will have'
to interfere in certain parts of Latin-America and by
force of arms compel order. Both parties set the exam
ple and established the precedent by intervening in
Cuba. The reason was found in that island being near
us, in the Monroe^hetntsiphere, and its condition of
chronic revolution disturbed our commerce, made diffi
cult the observance of our neutral obligations and hurt
cur feelings. , ;/„
This all applies to all Latin-America, and if indecent
government, defiance of international obligations and re
fusal to pay debts while the public revenues are being
stolen by robbers like Castro continue we will have to
enforce order there as we did in Cuba. If France arid
Germany will do it for us in Hayti it will save us trouble
and expense.
tor. She has, of course, already had
literary experience to burn, first with
the Harpers in America/and later as
her husband's most valued assistant
here— not to mention having written
two or three plays.
Mark Twain has shown that no one
can be more serious than a humorist,
when so dispeged, as Mrs. Gamp would
say, and Jerome K. Jerome is another
example.. Of late, the humorist has
been pitching into the vivisectionists
in a really savage way. It may be re
membered, too, that when Jerome was
editing "Tq,-day," he went for the Sul
tan of Turkey so viciously that the
Foreign Office had to warn him to soft
en his tone. And the author of "Three
Men" once assured a gathering of
voters that if they sent him to Parlia
ment — which they didn't — he would be
"as solemn as the most portentous M.
P. ever known."
It was not bo long ago that I wrote
about a French poet who, because let
ters proved unremunerative, set up as
a cobbler, and now word reaches me
that Herr Richard Skowronnek, a Ger
man dramatist, who has gained some
little recognition, is about to abandon
play-writing and take over the man
agement of a shoe-blacking factory.
Perhaps it may not be improper to
mention that on Friday last a paper on
"Books of the Day" was read before
the Women's Institute, of London, by
the customary writer of these letters,
HAYDEN CHURCH.
MONROE DOCTRINE AGAIN.
Two deep-sea Jackies of Celtic race
and Uncle Samuel's service were cruis
ing for a berth one day along a coun
try road. The Joyful festivities of the
city water front had delayed their re
turn aboard the white battle-craft
whose honored name in letters of gold
adorned the front of their blue caps,
and now adrift they were rolling ahead
with the gentle sidewise awing of a
ship when she courtesies buoyantly to
the underhurl of the foam-flecked wa
ters. They were ahunger and athirst
and had parted with the paymaster's
last donation long before the wharves
were hull-down far astern.
Presently they saw a fine fat bird of
emerald hue in a well-furnished cage
hanging on the veranda of a residence.
That parrot a little farther up the
road, placed on the market, would buy
dinner or at least a drink, and this
brace of lawless • men of the sea bent
themselves to its capture. One slipped
into the yard while the other moneyless I
mariner stood at anchor watch at the
gate against a possible surprise. Polly
held her peace but noted the trick out
of the tail, of her big round eye till
Jack was well within hail. Then she
iound her black tongue:
"Shove off, you bloody, brine-soaked
pirate!"
Startled at the stillness broken by
rebuke so aptly spoken — or overcome
by the natural superstition of the sea
faring—Jack lest his nerve and stumb
ling astern toward the gate he mut
tered, "Beg pardon, sur. I thought you
was a bur-ed."
Thought It Was a Bird.
water down mountain sides to basins, have multiplied.
The giants are ''perceived now to be giants indeed.
The initial voltage to be delivered in Los Angeles will
be 45,000. Later there will be an increase to 65,000
volts. The water power machinery that has been in
stalled at Borel is capable of generating 17,500 horse
power. The company that has harnessed the Kern
River for the benefit of Los Angeles has already another
large plant in view to be constructed.
The current will be turned on in Seattle from the
Cedar Lake plant in about two months. Five thousand
horsepower will be delivered in Seattle at the outset.
To increase' to 50,000 horsepower there will be con
structed a darn at Cedar Lake to raise the water fifty
feet above its present level.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 190*.
THE S AN. FRAN Cl SCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ¦ . ...... . . Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ¦ -. ...:........... ". .-.Third and Market Streets. S. F.
FRIDAY ................ JULY 8, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8CALIFORXIANS AT FAIR.
Names of Many Westerners Are
Found on Exposition Registers.
ST. LOUIS. July 7. — The following
Californians are registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Franctaco— L. A. Precton, J. A M
Ryan and wife, N. A. Doon and wife, F H
Miller and family. Mlas R. H. Crolll. R. O
Owna. E. M. Lewis. G. A. Bottoming and wife'
H. Richmond and wife, W. J. Martin, Mrs. R.
Frenal. M. C. Troy. L N. Ten Hong, G. S.
HederhiU, W. Guthrigg, Georr* Stoltx. R
CbanJee, N. Chanlee, U. A. Scatland, L
Hornie, J. 6. Ambrose. J. T. Crooks, F. Crooks
R. H. Elfendahl, A. G. Bowley, W. V. Rohlll
Los Angele*— E J. Condell. D. J. Parker.
W. C. Bell. J. W. King. B. N. Warbank
C. A. Nolds. W. J. Hald and family, H. J
Casey and wife. A. Sowand, F. Taylor L.
Llntley. E. H. Kauls, J. Ryan, Paul Leslie.
W. P. Brown, J. G. Haggart, W. W. Chamber
lain. H. A. Laster. U. E. Fowler, C. Bow
man. R. F. Cole. W. A. Horate. J. A. Richie
P. L. Elhois.
Oakland— Dr. V. Reding, E. D. Wlnnban.
Berkeley — Dr. ScbaSer, E. J. Edwin, G.
Dulin, Grace Henley.
Pasadena— W. J. Utterback. C. B. Keymor
and wife. M. A, Gould. J. Scudder L c
Waller, Frank Foster, A. McMlllen, 8. C.
Sterrett.
Miscellaneous— N. J. Payne. Fan Dleso; C.
N. Wlnbigler. Riverside; M. W. Calamen.
Lake Chatus; B. G. Engle, San Diego; E.
Farrinjrton, Vallejo; D. Downing and wife
Eva Taddart and son, Bakersfleld; J. S. Sweet
and wife. Santa Rosa: Frank Berket, Downey;
C. E. Culbert, Amadpr: T. C. Plxler, Banta
Paula: E. Howell, Vlsalla; Mrs. S. D. Reed,
Mr*. F. Richmond, Riverside; C. E. Cande
more and wife, .Watson vllle; Mr*. Rosenberirer,
A. McKevett, Santa Paula; E. Root. San Jose;
F. R. Mclsaac. San Rafael: M. 8. Perry, ' B. j.
Jacoby. San Diego : M. Selling, Palo Alto: A.'
Bargham. Riverside; J.' M. Perley. ¦ San Ber
nardino; R. C. Brant. J. A. Stockton. San
Joae;""GLBranebcrg. fan Luis Obispo: L. M.
Barnes, Rwllandu: Mr*. T. T. Cameron.
Napa; L. a. Sergeant. Palo Alto; F. P.
Kaugh. ¦\Vatfonvil1e; Fred Steberlln and wife.
Riverside; Elsie Long. N. S. Snyder. Long
Beach; Dr. Browning, Highlands; Al. Weaver,
San Bernardino; M. Anderson, Elk Grove; Mre.
Chamberlain. Santa Rosa: W. A. Stone, Chlco;
N. E. Dold. Santa Monica; M. Derhorhanne
elan. Fresno; H. Mller. Mrs. H. R. Wright.
Chlco; B. Taylor. San Diego.
A number of prominent Ventura
County people were at the exposition
this week, among them Al Drown, AU
len McKevett and A. W. Elliott of
Santa Paula and H. M. Stiles and fam
ily of Ventura. ¦v,:
The Democratic delegates from Cali
fornia and neighboring States have
found time aside from their political
duties to visit the fair, and many of
them and their friends have enjoyed
the Interiors of the big exhibit build
ings and the sights along the Pike.
Among the prominent visitors from
Fresno are George W. Jones. District
Attorney; W. A. Miles, County Clerk,
and Dr. Minerva K: Chappell. The last
named will attend the convention of
osteopaths, to be held here.
as if the concessionaires would do well
with their venture.
Carl Gein, 16 years old, a porter,
attempted to commit suicide yester
day morning by inhaling gas through
a tube in a basement at 317 Stockton
street. He was discovered in time by
M. Andre, the proprietor, and will re
cover.
Youth** Snicide Frnstrated.
A meeting of the Catholic Club was
held at the Occidental Hotel last even-
Ing. Rev. Father E. F. Gee, rector of
St. John's Church, Oakland, read a
very interesting paper on "St. Gregory
the Great," this being the thirteen
hundredth year since the death of St.
Gregory. The lecture was followed by
an interesting discussion among the
members of the club.
Honor Memory of St. Gregory.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand Islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9 a. m. July 5. 19. Aug. 2,
16. For information apply • to •- Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'s Ticket Offices. 4
New Montgomery st. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. D. Dunann. Gen. Pas
senger Agent. San Francisco. •
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
Two sisters, the daughters of Samuel
Martin, deceased, are fighting in the
courts for possession of his life in
surance. Yesterday Annie and Wal
ter Brown commenced suit against
Mary and Martin Connelly and the
A. O. U. W. Samuel Martin had an
insurance certificate for $2000 in the
order and made his daughter Annie
the beneficiary. Later he changed it
so that Mary would get the money.
Now Annie and her husband allege
that the deceased parent, bacause of
his fondness for Intoxicating liquors,
was weakened in body and mind and
an easy victim to the fraudulent rep
resentations and influences of Mary
and her husband. On this account
he is said to have changed his policy
before he died and Annie < demands
her rights.
Sisters Litisrate Insurance.
DROWNED WHILE BATHING
IN THE "RUSSIAN RIVER
Miss Anna Meyer of San Francisco
Loses Her Life in the Stream
Near Guerneville.
SANTA ROSA, July 7. — A drowning
occurred Wednesday afternoon at
Camp Vacation, near Guerneville, the
victim being Miss Anna Meyer of San
Francisco. The young lady lived with
her widowed mother and brothers at
Pine and Lyon streets in the metropo
lis and with Miss Teresa and Miss Bir
die Steinbach and Leon Guttman had
gone to Camp Vacation for an indef
inite stay. N
Miss Meyer went in bathing
Wednesday afternoon, at a time when
there were but few people on the
shore of Russian River. Guttman was
also in bathing, \but none of those In
the vicinity heard a cry from Miss
Meyer. She disappeared suddenly
and none of her companions missed
her until It was too late to render her
any assistance. Her body susequent
ly was recovered.
Miss Annie A. Meyer was the daugh
ter of Mrs. Carrie Meyer and sister of
Alfred and Mortimer Meyer and Mrs.
F. B. Simon. ->;;;=.,*;
President Is Working on His Address.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., July 7. — Presi
dent Roosevelt spent considerable time
to-day with Secretary Loeb transact
ing official business. The President
also did some work on the address to
be delivered in response to the official
notification of his. nomination. No of
ficial visitors were" received.
There is now a University of Califor
nia boy behind the registration and in
formation counter of the California
building. Robert A. Waring, manager
of the University Glee Club, has been
given this place for the rest of the fair
periods Several other members of the
glee club have secured positions at th
fair and will remain until the univer
sity reopens. The California county
commissioners made up a purse of $215,
to which the State commission addtd
$35. to keep the singers here the closing
week of their stay.
California joined with Illinois in the
celebration of the Fourth. Illinois is
California's neighbor and has a preten
tious building. In which the Joint exer
cises were held. THe Golden State con
tribution to tbe programme consisted of
a solo by Mrs. E. B. Willis, a speech by
Governor Pardee and singing by thoae
members of the glee club remaining at
the fair. Governor Pardee also deliv
ered a speech at Festival Hall. His
presence has helped bring the State
into prominence at the fair and h» has
been generally accepted as one of the
most able chief executives that have
visited the exposition.
James A. Barr, Superintendent of
Schools of the city of Stockton, has ar
rived to take charge of that city's ex
hibit in the Educational building.
One of the recent Pike social events
of importance was the opening of the
Chines* village, the owners of which
are Major Frank McLaughlin, Frfd
Esola and "Big Jim" of San Francisco ,
and Pat Sheedy of New York. Many
Californians were at the opening, 'Gov
ernor Pardee being one of the guests.
The structures are pretty, and it looka
Each of the guests at the reception
was given a garnet, of which a few
tons have been brought from Alaska,
where the-** are plentiful. The Alas
kan building^ is becoming known as
the only one where each visitor is pre
sented with a gem. The inquiry about
the summer excursion to the peninsu
la becomes more numerous every day.
The sight of the cereals and berries
displayed at the building gives visitors
an idea of the beauty of the summer
in the new El Dorado.
Two fleeces of wool, one weighing
fifty-one pounds and the other sixty
two, are used by Sacramento to as
tonish sheep men. One sheep growing
State exhibits a fleece weighing twen
ty-seven pounds and thinks it is show
ing something wonderful.
At a ladies' reception given at the
Alaska building the other day the e
freshment menu purported to be made
up entirely of Alaska products, includ
ing canned salmon served on fresh
Alaska lettuce leaves and Alaskan
"canned olives." Governor Brady did
not supply any bananas or pineapples
from Alaska, as it is too early in the
season. but»the "canned" olives were
greatly enjoyed. Mrs. Hart, the hos
tess, apologizing for the absence of
bananas. Governor Brady, while in
no way belittling Alaskan olives, ad
mits that the crop is not as heavy as
that of rhubarb.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
IXG, WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS,
July 7.— Figures of animals done with
horticultural trimmings seem to be
very good material for advertising a
State's resources. California is strong
on this sort of work. Santa Clara
County set the fashion some years ago
by building a prune knight that looked
like the real product of a mediaeval
family tree. Its exhibition did not dou
ble the population of the county, but it
caused nearly everybody who saw it to
remember Santa Clara and alscr
the fact that fine prunes were pro
duced there. At the present World's
Fair the idea has been used quite ex
tensively. Los Angeles has built up an
elephant of walnuts and the Sacramen
to Valley exhibits a grizzly bear of
prunes and a horse with a hide of hops.
Sacramento's grizzly has, besides some
flies, a curious throng of people around
it all day. It stands at the main en
trance to the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association's display in the
Palace of Agriculture, and as Sacra
mento's space has a frontage directly
on one of the main aisles of the build
ing, few visitors pass without inspect
ing it. Children drag their parents
clear across the fair grounds in a
search for the bear with the glowing
electric eyes. Tbe little ones are quite
a factor in drawing adults to certain
exhibits where something; is shown that
pleases the Juveniles, ana wise exhibit
ors are aware of this. The children
pass the intelligence of something
novel to them among each other by a
sort of endless chain method. This
helps bring the prune-covered planti
grade that, were it alive, would soon
devour its own sweet covering, the at
tention desired. v
The Sacramento Valley display Is
pronounced one of the richest and
most diversified at the fair, as well
as one of the most imposing, the imi
tation dome of the State Capitol pierc
ing the rafters of the Agricultural
building. Visitors can spend a long
time in the exhibit and most of them
do. Sacramento is a great producer
of prunes, as well as Santa Clara, and
this fruit is shown prominently. The
display of olives and olive oil is very
extensive, the culture of the olive
having become a very prominent in
dustry in the valley.
The Development Association has a
number of people connected with the
exhibit to receive visitors and tell
them of the fertility- of the section
represented. There are now three of
the commissioners of the association
here. Colonel R. M. Green of Oroville.
Judge J. H. Wills of Auburn and John
Reith Jr. of Woodland. Besides these
there are Roy Brooke of Sacramento,
J. A. Simons of Colusa, Mrs. R. A.
Bailey of Sacramento, Mrs. R. Ken
nedy of Butte and W. D. Nlcholls of
Sacramento, who processes the fruit
exhibited. . These all work for the
interest of the entire valley and no
section is neglected. Mrs. Bailey has
contributed an exhibit of Sacramento
Valley fruits put up at her home,
which demonstrates the value of the
fruits for preserving. This exhibition
greatly attracts women visitors.
A preserved salmon weighing forty
pounds, a striped bass weighing fif
teen pounds and other fish from the
Sacramento River are shown in a
tank.
BY PAUL .EDWARDS,
Sta.CC Correspondent of Tbe Call.
The officer will cause the arrest of
the woman and her husband to-morrow
for cruelty to the child.
Meantime inquiry had been made of
neighbors and it was learned that the
boy had been treated in that manner
many times of late. In fact, whenever
his stepmother desired to go downtown
she chained up the boy and left him
there. .
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— Chained like
a dog to a fence, his only companion
being a dog similarly chained and de
pending upon a little girl who lived
next door for his supply of water. Har
old Cron was found at his home on
West Pico street this afternoon by an
officer of the Humane Society. Around
his ankle was a strap which was
fastened to a chain by a lock. The boy
stated that he had been chained there at
11 o'clock this morning. The officer
waited until nearly 5 o'clock before the
boy's stepmother returned, and then
she appeared to be in no hurry to re
lease the little fellow.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sacramento County Exhibit
Attracts Large Crowds by
3Ieans of Its Queer Animal
Neighbors Say Woman Ties
Up Boy in Yard Whenever
She Is Leaving" the House
ARRESTS WILL FOLLOW
ADVERTISE CALIFORNIA
Los Angeles Stepmother Is
Accused of Cruelty by
Humane Society Officer
Mammoth Elephant and
Other Beasts 3Iade of Fruit
Win Attention at the Fair
Mrs. Clark is the daughter ofSMrs.
Lucy Caldwell, whose husband was a
member of one of the old families of
Virginia.
The fair bride wore a nuptial robe of
liberty satin and duchesse lace, with
a tulle veil falling about her. She was
attended by the Misses Helen and
Lanette Hough of Stockton, cousins of
the bride, who were smartly gowned in
pale blue frocks, in compliment to the
arm of the service to which the gallant
groom is attached. The groom was at
tended by Lieutenant Frank R. Curtis,
U. S. A.
Yesterday a very pretty military
wedding occurred when Miss Mary
Lucille Caldwell and Lieutenant Pey
ton G. Clark, U. S. A., were united by
the Rev. Jerome Hannigan of St.
Mary's Cathedral.
The affair was quietly celebrated at
the home of the bride's aunt and uncle,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Caldwell Zimmer
man, in the presence of relatives and a
few close friends.
Distinctly the most Interesting en
gagement of the summer months is
that proclaimed yesterday when Mrs.
M. A. Tobin announced the betrothal
of her versatile daughter. Miss Celia.
to Charles W. Clark of San Mateo.
The gossips have long noted the de
votion of the wealthy young widower
to the clever Miss Cella, whose charm
before now has held the attention of
many men. . But this affair was dif
ferent, the dashing young woman re
ciprocated and herewith are congrat
ulations in order to the captor.
Mr. Clark is a clever chap, a Yale
man, and from his peregrinations over
the earth has acquired much world
culture. His San Mateo home, pur
chased from the Walter Hobarts. is
one of the show places of that suburb.
And over this menage Miss Tobin will
preside in fitting fashion. A musician,
a linguist and in sympathy with art
and literature, the fair fiancee is
splendidly equipped to take her posi
tion as one of the richest matrons of
the West.
In accomplishments of the open, she
is an adept at golf, plays a fair game
of tennis, and in all Burlingame there's
no rider in oftener at the death. As
to the date for the wedding, nothing
definite is given out.
PRUNES SERVE
NOVEL PURPOSE
CHAINS CHILD
TO THE FENCE
MILLIONAIRE
WINS HEART
OF MISS TOBIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1904.
9
ADV_P»TISE_Z_"TaL
A Free Trial Bottle of
sent on receipt of ioc to pay
postage. Positively relieves and
cures Oak or Ivy Poisoning:,
Sunburn, Prickly Heat, Hives,
and immediately takes ihe sting
out of Mosquito Bitts. A mar-
velous remedy for bums, and
will positively prevent blood poi-
soning: from cuts or abrasions.
Sold by leading druggists.
None genuine v. ithott ay sifaatare.
61 0 Prince Su. New York.
T*r.A '.vr tr~* BarkVt tm "Tlarr |« lr»«t Urn-
t
1-HADIKG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE5
WEST.
T . . k^ 24 Post ¦— • Sm Francisco. Cal.
P«ta_ « r«rt. Open fctlre >ear.d £ y & nieht.
rit> for circulars ffree).
VON MEYFPF\Tk r £CEOOL OF music
SAN IRANCI.SCO. Established 1«*5
fi^. i 1 ' r 'l Iy ~ e l *r**t and he*t
r-zu.ppci schocl on the Pacific C« a «t— ofEer-
1 the «<3 v antaffe« of Eastern ani
f-uropeaa ccr.«ervatcries for a thorough
~_ica] tflacatlcn. Prospectus npon sp-
F.lcatlcn. \ tsitor« to the World'e Fair St
Lculs. are invited to examine the exhibit
&£.* ;s Ubgy- 1 Bulldtng - c * a -
New Qnarfers — More Space
?~f— — _OO!tS.
Just o^red Into our new rooms: new flre-
r.oof bcMSlns;. 3 elevators, electric Urhts
«*aa hest. Do more for students than erer
__r*;5__: eouew thmx •"»*- -,
San Francisco Business College,
T3S Mission St.. Near Third.
Mills College and Seminary
OOXTEBS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Boteary course accredited to the universi-
ties anj leadirg Eastern collores: rare opportu-
n.ti« offered In b-.ufIc. art and elocution. Thir-
iL\, «• ?' fcr ; FaiI tcrTn °f >cns August 10.
15HJ1. A\rite for catalogue to
MRS C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. P.. CA—
THE LYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
JwJtr. law and ro*-dlcal collegea. Is well
known ror its careful and thorough work Ccme
end be with Mr; w<» prepare you well' refer-
ences. Prw-dent Jordan or any Stanford pro-
Uihor. ITielan Hu lid inc.
L. H. ORAL'. Ph. P.. Principal.
H/^/VILIIV SCHOOL
___ VAJT 2f ESS SEMUTARX.
:M3 Jackson Ft.. S. F. Bearding and day
¦efaool for cirl*. Accredited by the leading
22«" *nd univerFitt«* S- t JcUl attention
triven to rnuFic. Reoptns TIESDAT Auru«
f. !¦>«¦ FARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal
y^ii^X»_S_ An enrollment of
ffa.TirOri\IOw 4K> etud»cu tells
v ¦ <¦ t m. +% \i A the story of our
>1 fVCCC roccce* ;d«w bulld-
iUIIraCI wholesome colleg*
c-k ,a^"^f — m *« Catalojue,
f^i Gc'.dfn Gate ave., 8. T.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE.
Santa Clara. CaL
Studies will be resumed on Tuesday. Ausruet
2. Fcr further information apply ty REV
r.QEEKT G. KEXXA. S. J.. PrqUdent.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA TARK. BERKELEY.
V*#Tti:\g and day schocl for boy« und<T 15 yrs
VL***-«. St " dlt8 COBn V n< '« MONDAY. Anj. lsti
iM*. E<nd for protpectus to Bro. G*nebern.
PALO ALTO t CAL. A 1 *^
QFJxciAys SAszr $10 a sat.
>!^^^g^_ In<i:vi(Jjal ir:rtructlOEs: also
yT<p£i~-ac2!fc rr.z'A course. Ca'.i or write for
¦py>a£V;' <^ pro»p*ctu». CLISE OPTICAL
; INSTITUTE. 1065 Market St..
~^*^<&fT B. Y. Uye» examined free.
WC^TPRM Tbcroufh business course. En*-
lir.Olr.nn ii en . bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
rii-iiircc nh - • l * eb r*. etc-. CU11 Service.
tUilntoO Individual instruction. Positions
for craduates. 6 mo. (day). $45;
HO I I ?RF « mo - 'H <5*y). »30; Eve. School.
Hitchcock Military Academy
BAH RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on Aurust ltt.
Apply to the Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding; a-nd day school for your.it ladlea and
little Hrls. 2126 California etreet. Will reopea
At-r-it I. 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD B. CHCRCH. A. M. PrtncipaL-
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL^ CAL.
Junior ecbool separate. Fall term begins Au« "
LL A I*THUR CROSBY. D.D.. Head Manter.
l££i_?__«Tn^? £* 1; recommended
Es5jBgq*WWi| Jj am by expert court re-
K I 'TiI»lf5^«5nTr*P5 P 01 "* 61^- Send for
i.Jty>^»r£^»Lj^j| <: a t a 1 o b u e. 13S2
iiwiig_ Market St^ S. P.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IHVLNGTON. CALIFORNIA.
IlolUi prt-cminently the conadence of lu d*.
U^'.V'i. 1^ '^fclty of Its pupils. *^
W ILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
maivvi f\ Echrol for boys: 14 th year
II li I ! I il fctrtir 6er faculty than ever;
1 1 W I I I VS ;^rrf r ct sanitation; Illus-
trated catalogue. W J
MEP.EDITH. Vice lTlnclc_. Menlo Pane.' Cat
tzi_ u_ivr_siTT sc_oo_.
2310 CLAV STREET,
Will REOPEN on Aucust 1 wlta
CERT X. TUCKER. M. S..
Principal.
COLLEGr OP HOTBE DAME,
SAN JOSE, CAL. Exclusively for boardlnc
students. Firty-thlrJ year. Courses: Classical.
Literary. Seicr.tiflc. Conservatory • College
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Clnsse*. £tudJe» resumed Tuesday Auc-
e« 2. 1&04.
I) ALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦ Stanfrrd L'Dlveratty — Doys and young men
pn-psred for EtanJord. Berkeley or Eastern
rulJeces. Kicpiinr.il Advantaces In Modern
_kccu£<es and U<chcr Mathematics. Kail term
begin* Au-y- 1 ' 'si. For cataloeu* address
UaYNARD KUIKLEY. Palo Alto. «__
A_TCTS____TTS.
CALIFORNIA
K_ — T STX3TDAT MOST '"S^k
g Th« Hilariously Funny Satire on~fc
|| Politics. H
I The Hon. I
I John North |
H By Herbert Bashford. f\
II Presented by our favortt» Comedian. 11
[I I* R. STOCKWEI_, t\
2 The man who has made millions laugh. ¦
SEATS NOW SE—LJNQ. 0
P^i^rP DON'T FAIL TO
j - COURT Lounrin*
3nfl room, the EMPIRE
** uu parlor, the
4Z_^_ 4 PALM ROOM, the
iirand louis xv par.
D A i rt 1|, DIES' WRITING
Hotels r °om-
lE^IERCES
IKESCRSPTiON
___ FOR WEAK WOMEW.
tf% H a fj p% Ou__. Ouna. Amanal.
HIIRI I tlcn. ¦ risMns and Out_«
I II Hill B# Ooo»ls. TenU and Ouu» tj
¦ RU Itf I f Rent. CATALOO 7RIE.
_# Fl I V 1 I EHRSVE * BARBER CXX.
~ F """""" J3» Market st
«2I Ksarny sC, S. T.
CSV DCWIY.Sptt^S fcCO^^?^
.'patents: Ji
\A/. X. HeSS,
STotary Fuhllo aad Attoraey-at-_aw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. CUus SprtckaU bide
Telephone Main 83X
Restdence. 1902 McAllister st.
R*cldanc« Telephone P»g« U4L.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; Rives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 _ar*»t
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
T__S_ J_TO SALT MXAT3.
Fi^ RfiVF^ * Tft Shipping l_tch«n. 101
1A2. SUIUS LU. day. TeL Main 12»4.
_____
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELU3.
41S Front St.. S. F. Pbone Main 171X
PE1STOTO.
F.C.BUGBES. .,,*55S?S:_».
, r ! - AD V-B,TISE__NTS>,
_^ sj jBK[_vA T_y^T^JY* lh S S£ N *NJy_Kgff_
I Miss Nellie Holmes, treasurer*
of the Young Woman's Temper-
ance Association of Buffalo, N.Y.,
strongly advises all suffering
women to rely, as she (fid, up-
on Lydia E, Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pikkham : — Your med-
icine is indeed an ideal woman's medi-
cine, and by far the best I know to
restore lost health and strength. I
sneered misery for several years, being
troubled with menorrhagia. My back
ached, I had bearing-down pains and
frequent headaches. I would often
wake from restful sleep, and in such
pain that I suffered for hours before I
could go to sleep again. I dreaded the
long nights as much as the weary days.
I consulted two different physicians,
hoping to get relief, but, finding that
their medicine did not seem to cure me.
I tried your "Vegetable Compound
on the recommendation of a friend
from the East who was visiting me.
" I am glad that I followed her ad-
vice, for every ache and pain is gone,
and not only this, but my general
health is much improved. I have a
fine appetite and have gained in flesh.
My earnest advice to suffering women
is to put aside all other medicines and
to take jLydia E. Pinkham*s Vege-
table Compound." — Miss Nellik
Holmes, 540 No. Division St., Buffalo,
N. Y — S5000 forfeit If original of above letter pro-
vtng genulnenes* cannot be produced.
B| Painless Fillings .25c §
m Painless Crowns $3.50 I
m full Set of Teeth $4.00 H ,
I "VANVROOM" I
D| Sixth and Market Eg
A_T7SE_ENTS.
MATINEE TO-MORRO~.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OK
MR. JAMES IMEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— MR. NEII_. IN
MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK
Special Summer Prices -15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat in Orchestra, 60 cents.
ALCAZAR THT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
WHITE ) AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY ]
WHITTLESEY...
. Presenting John Drew's 8ucce»a,
| H. V. ESMOHP'S COMEDY~j
SUMTVYER'S
DAY 1 Author ot When W» Were Twenty^O~]
"A remarkably attractive play." — Bulletin.
"New honors to Whittlesey." — Post.
Evg. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 25c to 60c.
July 11— WHITE WHITTLESEY In last sea-
son's Great Success, HEARTSEASE.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 633.
To-NJght— Last Slights.
MATWEE8 TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Theodore Kremer's Latest and Greatest Suc-
cess.
I WEDDED AND PARTED
Stirs the Emotions! Thrills the Soul!
Fascinates the Mind! Enchains the ' Interest!
j Replete with Realism of Gotham Life. - .
DDirCC Kven'.nps 10c to 60c
JnltLJ Matinees 10c. 16c. 25c
Ifext— ALONG THE UOEAWX.
_^£_£___?
Last time to-night of
"The Mormons"
Commencing with to-morrow, Saturday night.
First time here of - '
The roaring burlesque by Colbln Davis and
:' ; - Frank Wltmark,
''A LUCKY STONE"
And this remarkable company,
Dorothy Morton. Nora Hayes, Rice & Cady,
German comedians;. Bobby North. Hebrew
comedian; Edwin Clark, Ben Dillon, the Gar-
rity Sisters.
• Everything new from beginning to end.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
hnTTPUCC FOR BARBERS. BA-
DKL)_i1__) ker »- bootblacks, bath-
UXlU»Jli-U ylloaK| .billiard tables.
brewers, bookblnden. candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers. printers, painters. sho« factories,
stablemen. tRr-roof«rs, tannem. tailors, cto.
BUCHAHAN BEOS,
Brush Manufacturer*. *.O9 Sacramento St.
AM US— _ — JT- ->
A Vaudeville Revelation !
-eifh Brothert; GUlihan and Mnrray;
Oreea and Werner and Valeria Berg-era
and Company. _a«t times of Xn«z d«
Wolf; OaUairher and Barrett; John r.
Clark; th« Zarrow Trio and A Trip
Throng-h Italy, shown In Orpheom
Motion Pictures.
, Rejular Matineei Every Wedaesdajr, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices: 10c, 29c
and 60c '
vULaVlflDlA IMIM TriEATEi
SEATS^EADY.
Opening of the New Season
Next Monday Night, July 11
Charles Frohman Will Preaent
r^ : ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Her Greatest Comedy Euceeaa.
COUSIN KATE
By Hubert Henry DaYle».
TIVOLISS'^
EVENING8 AT 8 SHARP.
K 1 I K I 111 EdIth Mason
li I R IB 1 1 W Kat « Condon
1 I W _P 1 1 1 Dora d* Filiirp*
~^ Betsl« Tannehlll
b ¦ _s 4Qk B_ Baron Berthald
I I Hi Ml li Wlllard Simms
&« I Arthur Cunningham
II 1 I I I B I John Dunsmur*
lUUU Tedd y w «bb
i w ~ r _ WllUam Schuater
Frcmtaast ClraU, 3d Floer, Satktn' PaniiM
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUN3IINO.
U«ual Tlvoll Price*— 25c, 60c. 75c.
Seatg Always Selllnr — Only Matinee Sat.
THE TOBINS
And a Splendid Show Every Af Unooi
and Evening in tho Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
BSXHIATUBB EI.ECTBI0 EAH.K0AD.
ANIMALS from every clime In the ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion
Don't Fall to See ARQO.
ADMISSION ..10c | CHILDREN So
When Phonlnr. Aak for "The Chutea."
*
THE WEEKLY CALL
>$>• per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In nearly eveTy home there is some piece of upholstery getting shabbv, covers are worn
or springs displaced: . " K . '
A Parlor Suit, A Couch, Your Favorite Easy Chair
At a small expense they can be re-covered, the frames repolished and made as good or
even better than they were when you bought them.
When You Move
Is the time that the wear is brought mpst forcibly to your notice.
This is naturally a time when you would like to have everything as near right as possible.
Saves expense and bother of moving them to have our wagons call for them at the old home
and deliver them at the new home all made over — practically new furniture.
When Yon Are Away From Town
Is a good time to have such work done^ — gives you the least possible inconvenience. They will
be ready on your return and a telephone message will bring them to you.
Interested ? We will send a man to your house with samples of coverings to give you
_n estimate of the cost.
CARPET PRICES CUT TO SHREDS~
This Is The Carpet Chance of the Season
It is not a sole of remnants or slow sellers, but bright patterns fresh from the
looms, and enough of any pattern to carpet your entire house if necessary.
Smith and Sanford's Bigelow Lowell Body Smith's Saxony Wisconsin Grass
Velvets Brussels Axminsters Matting
$1.15 -$1.25 $1.25 25c
A TABS, SEWED, UBTSD A TABD. SEWED. X.XHETJ < A TABD. S-WED. LUTED A TABD—
AOTQ LAID. A2TD LAID. AHD LAID. HOT _UD.
?KJ£S£Z£, Sin?. r _MT!. t "_ lk JSyft B^SLr% t^!? am I^«_™ B _f l _
thlngf woven. There are standard. You and every- —carpets for richness runners. It's a wonderful
patterns and color har- body nave seen carets of and luxurious effect at floor covering: for wear as
monies for any room in ik ! *LS!2? ISlf^ . e i 8t ?m no *™ater P rlces now well as for looks; colors
your house. Re£la? &&**£$* "SJ^ffi than u.tially asked for & ZSSilS gtt°%5£
price everywhere $1.60. price everywhere $1.65. common tapestries. jar price 50c a yard.
iff ' 1 1 ] 8 1 % 1 . 1 rP i ' I 4 k 1 8 eM I 1 nil 1 1 ii 3 d 1 1 B IpSANTA CRUZ, July 7.— Assessor
Silvey gives the assessment valuation
of real and personal property as fol
lows: Real estate and improvements
$10,609,920; personal property,$1,486,
495; money, $73,915; solvent credits,
$26,035; making a total of $12,196,365,
aa iaurcase el $339,430 ever last year.
Santa Cruz Assessment Roll.
John Daily and R. Cook, soldiers,
Tvere arrested last night and taken to
the North End station, where they
v.ere booked on a charge of forgery.
The complaining witness was G. W.
Mitchell, a storekeper.at 28 14 Green
wich street, who said they had at
tempted to pass a check on him over'
the forged signature of Captain How
land.-U. S. A., whose office is in the
Pbelan build icy.
Try to Pass Forced Check.
The Journeymen Butchers* Union
No. 115 will . hold Its second annual
picnic at Shell Mound Park next Sun
day. All kinds of - races and "games
have been arranged and cash prizes
will given in the bowling tournament.
A parade of the butchers will form at
Folsom/and Eighth streets at 9:30
o'clock and march down Market street
to , the ferry. Installation of • the new
officers of the union will take place
Xbursdai' evening. July 24, . '
Butchers to Picnic Sunday.
The regular annual ticket of the So
ciety of California Pioneers, as selected
by the nominating committee, was
elected yesterday at Pioneer Hall The
following are the officers: John M
Burnett, president: A. B. McCreery*
Robert Thompson, William H. Knight
John Q. Packard and T. Ellard Beans'
vice presidents; F.W. Tallant, treas
urer; W.L. Duncan, marshal; direc
tors — Aylett R. Cotton. Silas M. Col
lins. W. W.Hobart, Henry L. Byrne.
E. T. Kruse, Frank J. Sullivan. Harry
,T. Gibbs and Robert a. Deao,
Pioneers Elect Officers.
• First ''race, five ' and » a half furlongs — St.
Phlllppina won, MacFlecknoe second. Batldor
third. Time, 1:08%. -
Second race, four furlongs — Lady Nlnora won,
Steel Wire second, Lena Ledford third.' Time,
:49. ; ¦- . ¦:¦.:... - ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦.
Third race, six furlongs — Sally Goodwin won.
Colonel Van second. Mllas third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, • one mile-— Dollie < H . won. All
About second, Prestolus third. Time, 1 :42. .
Fifth • race, six furlongs — Ocyrohe won. In
structor second. . Dr. Rowell third. Time,- 1:14.
Sixth race. one. mile — Henry Clay Rye won.
The . Fretter second, bollnus third. Time,
1:42%.-: .- - ¦• :.¦¦¦ -,--.;•; •-. ~ •¦ . -
SEATTLE, July 7.— Summary:
Racing at Seattle.
Clara Trojoir, a domestic employed
at 730 Commercial street, ended her
life by swallowing carbolic acid yes
terday evening. She was discovered
by the landlady, who summoned Dr
K. C. Rajotte. and the girl was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where she died. Little is
known of her. It is believed she has
relatives in Santa Cruz or Watson
viile.
Ends Life With Add.
The officers of the Gentlemen's So
dality who were installed last Sunday
will march in conjunction " with the
members next Sunday morning from
their chapel on Hayes street at 7:20
o'clock to the church of St. Ignatius,
where they will receive holy com
munion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock
mass. , ;
The sodality has over ten divisions,
which is an increase of four divisions
for the past year.
Will March to Communion.
Chris Bodes, who was employed as
a marble polisher by the Vermont
Marble Company, yesterday sued the
concern for $50,000 damages and $126
surgical expenses for personal inju
ries sustained on April 29. He alleges
that he was inexperienced when in
structed by the foreman at the yards
to oil certain machinery and while
performing the task he took hold of
a defective beam for balance The
beam gave way and fell. He fell with
it and struck the grappling irons con
nected .with a derrick. Thereby he
sustained two broken ribs and two
fractured bones in the face, perma
nently impairing the sight of his left
eye, and because thereof, after seven
weeks is bed, is unable to work.
Big Price for Broken Bones.
The New York American Slab Artist
Succumbs to Gibson of the ,
Bostons.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League. >
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York. .49 17 .742 Boston ....43 22 ,662
Chicago ...S8 25 .606 New York..40 24 .62:.
Cincinnati .38 28 .56~t» Chicago ...40 28 .588
Pltt«burg .S5 29 .547 Cleveland .37 27 .678
6t. Louis.. 34 80 .631 Philadel ..82 31 .508
Brooklyn ..29 41 .414 St. Louis.. 27 34 AV.i
Boston 26 42 .382 Detroit ...27 30 .429
Philadel ..16 48 .25O."WashlnBtn 11 50 .180
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, July 7.— After pitching four
teen straight winning games. Chesbro of New
York succumbed to Gibson of Boston to-day.
Attendance, 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
! New York 1 6 2
Boston ..4 9 2
Batteries — Chesbro and McGulre; Gibson and
Farrell.
ST. - LOUIS. July 7. — Chicago defeated St.
Louis here to-day. Two bases on balls and a
hit gave Chicago their only tally In the fourth
Inning. Attendance. 1800. Score:
„ , , n. h. e. !
St. Louis o 4 0
Chicago 1 4 1
Batteries — Sudhoff and Sugden; Owen and
Sullivan. • •- ¦ • ' ¦
WASHINGTON, July 7.—Washington-Phila
delphia raroe postponed: rain.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 7.-^CleveIand won
a pitchers' battle from Detroit to-day. At
tendance, 1600. Score:
v. ¦--;¦ j, r. h. e.
Cleveland 4 5 n
Detroit 2 7 3
Batteries— Joss and Bemls; Mlllin and Wood.
CADETS TO GIVE DANCE.— Company S,
League of the Cross Cadets, will give an en
tertainment and dance at Mission Opera Hall,
2131 Mission etreet, Saturday algbt. tor the
linarfll oi lb* uslterft XuadL
Joseph T. Cognet, an attorney, resid
ing at €44 Sacramento street, is lodged
at the City Prison on a charge of bat
tery. - The complainant is J. D. Mc-
Carthy, a collector for the California
Gas Company. McCarthy called at
Cognefs residence to remove the gas
xneter because of failure to pay gas
bills. The removal was objected to
by Cognet, and a fight followed. Cog
ret declares that McCarthy threw the
gas meter at him and he retaliated.
Attorney Cognet Arrested.
PITCHER CHESBRO LOSES
AFTER FOURTEEN VICTORIES
NEW ORLEANS, July 7. — Two bills
adopted at the present session of the
Louisiana Legislature suppressing
poolrooms throughou the State have
been signed by Governor Blanchard.
After* the 1st of, September every pool
room will have to close. There are
eight of these establishments in New
Orleans and one in every town of the
State. Their owners have abandoned
opposition and the only stand expect
ed will probably be taken by an own
er here, who says he will test the new
law's constitutionality on ground that
the measure was not properly adver
tised before its final pasage. The anti
pool-room bills were agitated and
adopted with such rapidity that the
poolroom operators did not have time
to organize an opposition movement
sufficiently strong to defeat the law.
Governor Blanchard Has Signed Two
Bills and the Rooms Must Close .
On September 1.
POOLROOMS ARE SUPPRESSED
\ BY LOUISIANA LEGISLATURE
Sparks from the chimney of a ba
kery at 42 Grove street, which dropped
into the room through a skylight of
an Invalid woman named Margaret
Conliss. who was lying in bed, set the
bedclothes on fire. The smell from
the burning material attracted the at
tention of the other irlmates- of the
house, who turned in an alarm for the
Fire Department. In the meantime
the room,' which is on the top floor,
was reached and the woman, who Is
over 60 years of age, was carried out
to safety. The fire was quickly, extin
guished, and the invalid, who suffered
from fright, was made as comfortable
as possible with the assurance of be
ing safe from further danger.
Invalid's Bed on Fire.
LONDON, . July 7.— In the cricket
match at Lords to-day between the
Marylebone Cricket Club and the visit
ing Haver ford (Pa.) eleven, the Amer
icans won, 244 to 147.
American Cricketers Victorious.
Errors— Francks. Schlafiey, Moskiman. Earn,
ed runs — SeatUe 7, Oakland 7. Two-base hits
— Williams. Wilson, Mohler, Smith. Hall
Cooper. Three-base hiU— Francks Moskiman!
Streib. Sacrifice hits — Hall, Williams. Stolen
base — Mohler. Bases on balls — Off Williams
2. off Schmidt 2, off Cooper 2. Double play
Smith to Blankenehip. Struck out — By Wil
liams 2. by Schmidt I, by Cooper . 1. HiU
Off Schmidt 7, off Cooper 7. Time of game
One hour and 56 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell
Seattle , 2 11 0 2 8 12 x— 12
Base hits 4 2 10 2 3 2 4 x-18
Oakland 2 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 8 7
Base hits 3 0 10 4 10 0 5—14
SUMMARY.
The Oakland Pitcher Is Batted Out
of the Box at Seattle.
SEATTLE, July 7.— Seattle and Oak
land played an interesting game to-day
despite the fact that the score ran into
double figures. Seattle batted Schmidt
out of the box. Cooper, who took his
place, also received a drubbinc.
Oakland touched Williams up in
spota, earning every one of the runs
made. Sensational fielding at almost
every corner of the diamond gave the
game the interest which is usually
lacking in slugging contests.
Umpire O'Connell put Deveraux out
of the game because. the latter insinu
ated that the umpire was a "fat head "
Carlo Smith got five hits out of five
times up. The score:
Oakland— I Seattle—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R H r A
Ganly.rf. ft 0 3 0 0 VanH.cf « 0 2 1 •
Frncks,s. 5 12 1 3 Mohlr,2b 4 8 2 2 6
Krugr.cf. 5 0 0 1 O'Delhty.Sb 3 12 11
Bchfly.2b 6 12 2 2Fri 8 k.lf.. 4 110 0
Mekmn.lf 5 0 14 l!Blksp,lb 4 1 1 14 a
Devrx,3b. 2 0 0 11 Bmlth.rf. 5 4 6 11
Grahm,lf 10 0 0 0 Hall.s. ..40235
Btrelb.lb. 4 1 2 10 « Wllson.e B 2 2 4 1
Byrne.c. 3.2 2 3 2 Lewia.c. 0 O 0 O O
Bchmdt.p 10 0 1 llWIlms.p. 4 0 118
Cooper.p. 82214 I
Total. £ lu «rJ ™» 39 12 18 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SCHMIDT IS RETIRED.
Cathedral Council's Officers.
The following named have been
elected officers of Cathedral Council
ef the Young Men's Institute for the
ensuing term: Rev. J. J. Pendergaat,
honorary chaplain; Rev. J. Smith,
chaplain: William W. Kelly, president;
Kobert E. Dollard, first vice presi
dent; James A. Rountree, second vice
president; John Clifford, recording
secretary; J. J. Farrell, financial sec
retary; Charles Canfleld, treasurer;
•Joseph O'Brien, marshal; Dave Gratto,
inside sentinel; John Yorks, outside
sentinel; Joseph Redmond, lecturer..
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Britisher, Agile, Duryea
entry.
Second race— Old England. Roe
hampton, Ethics.
Third race — Lux Casta, Kohinoor,
King Pepper. .
Fourth race — King Errant, Cord
Badge, Rosetint.
.Fifth race — De Reszke, Palm
Bearer, Atwood. •
Sixth race— Linda Lee, La Puchelle,
Danseuse.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
PORTLAND, July 7.— Manager Dug
dale has released Ike Francis, shortstop
and third baseman of the Browns, and
has signed J. R. Ballistro of Hoauiam.
Wash. Dugdale has not been satisfied
with Francis* work and the pair held
lively talk fests on more than one oc
casion. Ballistro is an amateur and
the second recruit from Hoquiam dur
ing the past week, the other being
Hastings. Dugdale will soon try out a
new pitcher named . Mclnnis. from
Salem.
Dujcdale Releases Francis.
A. R. Talbot of Lincoln, Nebr., the
law partner of William Jennings
Bryan, who holds the position of head
consul of the Modern Woodmen of
America, the largest fraternal protec
tive association in existence, having a
membership of 750.000, was tendered
a reception in Eagles' Hall last night
by the membership of the local camps
of Alameda County. Santa Rosa, Peta
luma, San Jose and by the member
ship of the Royal Neighbors of Amer
ica. There were present the uniform
drill teams of each camp.
The visitor, accompanied by State
Deputy J. O. Davis, was escorted to the
stage and received with the honors
of the order. After an address of wel
come by State Assemblyman Percy
King, who announced that President
Roosevelt and W. J. Bryan are both
members of the order, the head consul
was introduced by the State deputy
and for more than an hour spoke
along fraternal lines, presenting the
subject In eloquent, telling language
and in a manner that has never before
been equaled In this city.
He predicted that next June, when
the Head Camp meets at Milwaukee,
the order will number l,000,000 v men.
During the evening the audience was
entertained by the Knickerbocker
Quartet. After the meeting the head
consul was the guest of honor at a
banquet.
For an Hour the First Officer of the
Order Talks to the Members
of Many Camps.
The Board of Works yesterday sub
mitted a list of mains required for
better Sre protection in various dis
tricts to the Board of Supervisors. It
is intended to make a demand upon
the Spring Valley Water Company to
lay the mains with a view to securing
«. judicial determination of the pow
ers of the municipality.
The City Engineer recommends
that a 12-inch main be laid along
Pine street, between Taylor and Ma
««on, and an S-lnch main on Stanyan
etreet, between Fulton and McAllister.
Board of Supervisors to Seek Judicial
Determination of Spring Valley
Company's Refusal.
THE MODERN WOODMEN j
RECEIVE HEAD CONSXJIi
WILL Di;:.lAND THAT TWO
WATER MAINS BE LAID
First race — Loretto M, Zinda, Mon
aco Moid.
Second race — Ice Water, Ancke,
Miss Mae Day.
Third race— Black Art, Monogram,
Hersain. ,
Fonrth race — Commodore, Fore
hand, Montebank.
Fifth race — Miss Manners, Debbie
May. Preakness.
Sixth race — Alice Turner, Lecnja,
Royal Deceiver.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. ( ,
First race — Jade, Moorish Damsel,
Bert Osra.
Second race— Leo Planter, Creolin,
Handvice. .-j ~
Third race — Alma Dufonr, Jerry
L<ynch, Foresight.
Fourth race — Florentine, Cigar
lighter, Regale. •
Fifth race — The Lady, Prince Sil
verwings, Peter J. Somers.
Sixth race — Brand New, Ryevale,
Freesias.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, July 7. — The Harlem en
tries for to-morrow are:
First race, five and a half furlong*, selling —
Allen Avon KM, Jade 102, Green Gown 102.
Lady Lasca 97. Girdlcstone 100, Anona 97.
Judge Saafi?y 100. Raymond K 105. Bert
Osra 101, Dlxello 102, Bonebrake 90, Gallant
Cassle 102. Swift and True 102, No Trumper
102, Dixie Ud 110. Moorish Damsel 107.
Second race, short course, steeplechase,
handicap— Creolln 142, Montanlc 144, Handvice
145. Golden Link 145, L»o Planter 105, John
K. Owens 132. Allegiance 136, Cardigan 134,
Fullback 130.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Falernian 103. Leila 105, Alma Dufour 102,
Jerry Lynch 100. Soufrier* 102, Foresight 103,
Woods Perry 95, Kleinwood 103.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Cigar Lighter
10.'5. Blanche S 100. Rfgale 100. Tre Pet 104.
Free Meld Courit 103. Eckstein 100. Saulsbury
10.1. Florentine 107, Broadway Girl 104.
Fifth race, one mile — Rabunta 110, The
Lady 103, Annora J 85. Long More 103. Prince
SllverwingH 10O, Don't Ask Me 98. Peter J.
Somers 100. Hudson 103, King Ellsworth 100,
Sixth race,, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Freesias 03, Fair Aillen OS. Edward Hale 107,
Durbar 9S, Montazel 05, Louis Kraft 103, Rye
vata 95, Great Eastern OS, Brand New 100.
Weather cloudy; track heavy. .; , ¦••*
HARLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 7. — The races at
Brighton Beach to-morrow have at
tracted a representative lot of horses.
The day's entries follow:
First race, six furlongs — Agile lit, Austin
Allen 108. Britisher 108, Amberjack 108, Water
Light 102, Dreamer 99. Bulwark 99, Ismalllan
93. Advance 99, C W R 09, Baroque 99.
(Dreamer and Bulwark, Duryea entry.)
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles — Roe
hampton 109. Old England 10S, Ethics 10t>.
Hyland 106, Hello 108, Collepian 103, Conkllng
94 Coppella 93. Cataline 01, Tol San 84, Briar
thorpe 100. Bardolph 101, Hydrangea 95, Glieten
05. Phaser 94, Champlaln 94.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Reliable 140.
High Chancellor 117, Roehampton 115, Grand
Opera 114, Coburu 113, Stalwart 110, James V
110, Lux Casta 107. King Pepper 107. Kohinoor
107 Grenade 104, Marjoram 98. Divination 9S.
Tepee 95. Funyside 92, W. P. Fasig 89. (Lux
Casta and Marjoram, Albemarle entry.)
Fourth race one mile and one furlong — Car
buncle 126. RoBetint 123. Lord Badge 117,
Florham Queen 116, Knight Errant 115. Gren
ade 114, lllyria 104.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles— J5e
Reszke 10S April Showers 10C, Hyland 106,
Namtor 106, Fire Eater 106, Cinclnnatus IOC,
Hello 104, Unmasked 103. Martinmas 103.
Homestead 101.' Flammula 99, Palmbearer 96,
Atwood 97, Hydrangea 95, Latheron 89.
Sixth race, live and a half furlongs— Miss
Modesty 105. Gotowin 105. Fairy Dance 105.
Princess Wheeler 105 Danseuse 106, Mirthless
105, Intrigue 105, Iota 105. Linda Lee 10T.,
Reminiscence 105, Lilac 105. Ismailian 105,
Nightmare 105, Good for Nothing 105, La
Pucelle 105. Salt and Pepper 105.
Rain; track' sloppy.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
TACOMA. July 7. — San Francisco had
things all its own way to-day with Bar
ber, Harris' new acquisition, in the box.
St. Vrain started in fine shape, but in
the fifth, with two down, he passed
Barber, who scored on a couple of
errors. It was all off then with St.
Vrain. San Francisco got runs there
after whenever needed, Hildebrand and
Meany finding singles which counted a
total of three runs for the fifth. In
the sixth three hits and an error scored
three more runs for the visitors and
the Tigers could not overcome the lead.
To make it safe Hildebrand opened the
ninth with a single. A single by Meany
and a fumble by St. Vrain allowed him
to score. Barber was hit hard throueh
out the game and but for Tacoma's
errors and his own good support
would have fallen by the wayside. The
score :
Tacoma — i San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf . 5 1 1 2 0 Wldrn, cf 3 1 O 2 O
Ehehn, 3b 4 1 4 0 2 Hildbd, If 5 2 2 3 0
Nrdj-k.lb 4 0 8 11 0 Meany. rf 5 O 2 O 0
Eagan, s. 2 0 0 2 4 Irwin, 3b 4 0 1 1 2
Lynch, cf 4 1 1 1 O Andrsn. s 4 1 1 1 6
Casey. 2b 4 1 2 2 1 Miller, 2bT 1> 1 4 4
M'l^gn, If 4 O O :{ 2 Reitz lb. B 0 0 11 1
Grahm, c 4 O 1 fi l Leahy, c. 4 1 2 4 1
St.Vrn, p 4 0 0 0 8 Barber, p 3 2 1 1 1
Totals. 35 4 12 27 13 1 Totals. 37 7 10 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BT IXXINGS.
San Francisco... 00003300 1 7
Base hits 00112310 2 10
Tacoma 1 0 O O 1 1 O 1 O— 4
Base hits 20102212 2—12
SUMMARY.
Errors— Sheehan. Eagan (2), Casey, St.
Vrain. Anderson. Struck out— By St. Vrain 5*
by Barber. 3. Bases on balls — By St. Vrain 5
by Barber. 4. Stolen base — Waldron. Two
base hiUi — Kordyke (2), Sheehan (2), Casey (2).
Three-base hit — Casey. Home run— Lynch.
Earned runs — Tacoma 4. San Francisco 2 Sac
rifice hits — Sheehan. Miller. Double plays An
derson to Miller to Reitz (2); Eagan to Nor
dyke. Left on bases — Tacoma 9, San Fran
cisco 9. Time of game— One hour and fifty-five
minutes. Umpires— McCarthy and McDonald
Uncle's Men Are Able to Score Runs
Whenever They Are Needed.
ERRORS UNNERVE ST. VRAIN.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair Grounds
follow:
First race, flYe furlongs — Zinda 112, Disha
bille 112, Loretta M 106. Useful Lady 105.
Monaco Maid 105. Aurocelver 100, Sweet
Swarr 100.
Second race, six furlongs — Miss Mae Day
107, Ice Water 107, Lady Contrary 107. Bliss
fur 105, Lady Felix 102. Santa Ventura 102.
Ancke 100.
Third race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, selling
—Platoon 110, Arelina 108, Mr. Dade 107,
Qulndaro 105, Black Art 105, Hadrian 105,
De Grammont 103. Hersain 103, Monogram 102,
Franco 102, Mellwood 101, My Eleanor 98,
Le'la Hunter 95, Fay Sharp 93.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Bugler 100. Forehand 100, Commodore 100,
Montebank 100.
Fifth race, thlrteen-sixteenths of a mile,
selling — Percy Clark 122, Senator Sullivan 121,
Sid Silver 119, Avoid 112, Miss Manners 112.
Tom Mankins 110, Phlora 110, Bombino 110,
Bar.ctam 108, Preakness 108, Tottenham 105,
Amberita 103, Debbie May IOC, Algonquin 103.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Gasllchter 108. Royal Deceiver 108, Alice Tur
ner 107, Wall 107, Eleven Bells 105. Strader
103, Pompey 102, Golden Light 102, Jerry
Hunt 102, Leenja 100. Wolfram 100.
\Veath«r cloudy; track slow.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
An army retiring board will con
vene here early next week for the
examination of Major Henry F. Ken
dall, Twelfth Cavalry-
Following is the detail for the
board: Colonel Charles Morris, Artil
lery Corps; Colonel Alfred C. Girard.
assistant surgeon general; Colonel
George Andrews, assistant adjutant
general; Lieutenant Colonel Robert
H. Patterson, Artillery Corps; First
Lieutenant John D. Yost, assistant
surgeon; Captain John J. Bradley,
Fourteenth Infantry, recorder. Under
Instructions from the President, Ma
jor Kendall will report in person to
Colonel Charles Morris, Artillery
Corps, president of the board.
Major Black and the four com
panies of the Thirteenth Infantry that
have been practicing at Rodeo range,
will return to their respective posts
on Monday, July 11. Major R. C. Van
Vliet will be in command of the de
tachments of infantry and cavalry
that will go Into target practice at
Rodeo on Monday. They will remain
there until July 23.
¦The regular fall competition of the
enlisted men of the Pacific Division
will begin at Ord barracks July 25
and continue for nine days.
Lieutenant C. A. Babcock, Third
Cavalry, registered at headquarters
yesterday.
Major C. E. Gillette left for Atasca
dero yesterday on business connected
with the survey of the camp site at
that place.
General MacArthur, accompanied
by his aids, Major Parker "W. "West
and Captain Frank L. Winn, Major
W. P. Duvall and Captain Sydney A.
Cloman of the general staff of the
army, will leave to-night for Ameri
can Lake, where they will take part
In the regular annual maneuvers of
th? Department of the Columbia.
Mrs. MacArthur will accompany the
general. He and his staff will return
here July 19^ and Major Duvall and
Captain Cloman will return on July
17.
Will IiCare To-Night to Inspect An*
nual Encampment of Department
of Columbia.
GENERAL MacARTHTJR READY
TO ATTEND MANEUVERS
Other divorces were granted yester
day by Judge Graham to J. J. Taylor
from O. M. Taylor, for desertion; by
Judge Kerrigan to Edwin F. Parker
from Alice C. Parker, for desertion;
to Emma J. West from James A.
West, extreme cruelty.
Complaints for divorce were filed
by Alice M. Harris against George
Harris, desertion and neglect; Wil
liam G. King against Evelyn King,
cruelty; Katie Schwab against P. J.
Fchwab. desertion, neglect and cru^
Pity; Albert E. Duell against Phoebe
A. Duel!, desertion: Kate Tobin
ngainst James E. Tobin, cruelty;
Elizabeth Pachmeyer against Max
Pachmeyer. neglect, desertion and
cruelty; Catherine Hart against
Michael Hart, desertion; Jennie E.
Daves agrainst Francis E. Daves, in
temperance, neglect and desertion;
Nettie A. Peterson against Frank B.
Peterson, cruelty. >
William F. Hummeltenberg is sued
for annulment of his marriage with
Hattie Voeller. who married him in
Honolulu and then found he had a
vife living in New York.
Presiding Judge Graham granted a
divorce to Maude Shirley Gregg: on
the ground of cruelty, she alleging
that her husband. William C. Gregg,
beat her into insensibility and threat
ened to kill her. Gregg is treasurer
of the Northwestern Railroad and
receives $125 a month. Mrs. Gregg
is the former wife of James D. Page.
The court allowed her S50 a month
alimony and the custody of the chil
dren.
In a complaint for divorce filed yes
terday by Margaret Connolly against
her husband James, she says they
Tvere married thirty-two years ago in
New York and shortly after the union
he began to abuse her. On July 3 of
this year he is said to have felled her
to the floor; on July 4 he blacked her
eye and on July 5, after he had cut
her cheek, she was obliged to call
upon her neighbors for protection.
The wife says that Connolly owns an
interest in a grocery and saloon busi
ness here worth $1500 and real estate
at Zeehan, Tasmania, Australia, val
ued at $5000, and his income from
both sources is $300 a month. Judge
Troutt granted an order restraining
him Irom disposing of his property.
Mary K. Bird, »n charging her hus
l»and Thomas with cruelty, says
among other things that he threat
ened to commit suicide and said that
he would see to it that she did not
live after he did.
Divorce Complaints Are Numerous
and Present Some Itare Stories
of Domestic Infelicity.
6ATS HUSBAND'S CRUELTY
LASTED THIRTY-TWO YEARS
One hundred and twelve greyhounds
will be In the running to-morrow and
Sunday at Ingleside Coursing Park. At
the top of the card Eagle Bird and Lit
tle Plunger seem to have the best
chances. In the lower half Ragged Ac
tor and Golden Feather are expected to
be running for the big money on Sun
day. The draw last night resulted as
follows: i. i <tl
Peter Mclntyr* tb. Balendlne: The Fiddler
vs. Tobasco Bob; Belvedere vs. Youzur Moun
tain Belle; Big Klamath vs. Real Duchesa;
Young Johnny Rex vs. Idaho Boy; Icellua vs.
Young Mcllla R; Gunfire vs. Piker; Pasha
Pleasant v«. Red Brick; Lady Menlo vs.
Monbells; Our Myra vs. Altamax; Miss Flor
ence vs. Eagle Bird; Boots vs. Prairie Maid;
Tricksy va. Young Tommy R: Reta S vs.
Frisky Barbara; Belfast vs. Shadow. Agitator
vs. Master Rocket: Eagle vw. Hot Paddle;
Rich Array vs. Slim Jim; Dore*n vb. May
Tunnlson: Ltly Wright vs. Little Plunger:
General Fremont vs. Bright Future: Master
Washington vs. Magic Stuff: Young Kerry
Pippin vs. Proper; Frisky Boy ra. Smller;
Queen of Victory vs. Bricht Fortune: Donny
brook vs. Frank C: Mark Twain vs. Lucy
Gllttern: Topsy Turvy v». Runaway Actress:
Flora Temple ts. Miss Brummel; Lord Gra
nard vs. Forest Fire; Little Klamath vs. Gal
lant Glancer; Imperious vs. Bright Columbia:
Lady Russell vs. Nordica; Jack Short vs. Roll-
Ing Boer; Maid o' the Glen vb. Van Alva; OliJ
Ironsides vs. Manru; Don Pedro vs. Ragged
Actor; Free Costa vs. Golden Feather; Sir
Thomas vs. Wedgewood: Chips vs. Jessie Dear;
Aggie W vs. Tom Hurlick; Annie Ryne va. Red
Rock: Pepper Jack vs. Her Boy; Lucky Sham
rock vs. Cassle W; Prometheus vs. Ready Ad
dress; White Stocking vs. Ouida: Gold Lily
vs. Golden Light: Commercial Traveler vs.
Humbug: Fannie Hughle v«. Golden Garter:
Princess Savoy vs Colored Lady; Beluga va.
Daisy D; Foxhunter vs. Daylight; Golden For
tune vs. Cluster; Fenil Vs. Ray Dare; Hadding
ton vs. Royal Spirit; Sofala vs. Spring HeeU.
EUREKA'S BUSINESS MEN
ARRANGE FOR BANQUETING
Chamber of Commerce Has Function
for Entertainment of Promotion
Committee's Excursion.
It la announced by the Promotion
Committee that the Humboldt County
Chamber of Commerce will give a
banquet to the members of the fourth
excursion of the California Promotion
Committee on "Wednesday evening,
July 13, at the Hotel Vance, Eureka.
"Word comes from all along the line
that preparations are being made to
entertain the excursionists handsome
ly. Between forty and fifty persons
will take In the excursion. Members
of the party will wear khaki suits
while on the stage ride between Sher
wood and Camp Five. The excursion
bids fair to be one of the most inter
esting that has ever been given under
the auspices of the Promotion Com
mittee. It will be the first time that
the business men of San Francisco
have visited the great redwood dis
trict.
Want Assessments Reduced.
Among the applications for reduc
tion of assessment filed with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday were
those from Marlon Leventritt north
west corner of Noe and Twenty
eighth streets. $4500 to $2500: George
Dawson, lot 25 by 110. on Brannan
street, near Sixth, $3500 to $1400:
Bertha Biber, lot on Jones street, near
Sutter, $10,320 to $6500; "W. F. Har
ris southeast corner of Haight and
Cole streets, $3030 to $1700; M. D.
Cohen, lot on Ellis street, near La
guna, $8470 to $6500.
BIRD STUDENTS WILL MEET.—ALAME
DA. July 7. — President Henry Reed Taylor of
the Cooper Ornithological Club will b» th#
host at the midsummer meeting of the bird
students to be held at his home, 1375 Regent
street. Saturday evening. The fol'lowln* paper*
will be read: "Identification of Birds in the
Field." W. Otto Emerson; "About the Utah
Gull," Rev. S. H. Goodwin: "A Dusky Grous«
and Her Brood In Mexico," Miss Florence M.
Bailey.
PORTLAND, July 7.— Though Port
land landed on Doc Newton, the Loo
Loo's Southpaw, to-day for a home
run, a triple, four two-sackers and four
singles, the "Californians won out by
the score of 8 to 6. Nadeau was safe
in the first when Chase failed to hold
Smith's low throw. Nadeau started
for second, fell down and got up again
when he saw Chase was also prone on
the ground. He made his base.
In the sixth Ham Iberg broke into a
massacre. Three singles, a two-bagger
and Steilman's mistake, aided by Ray
mond's wobble, made three runs. Then,
presently. Beck drove the ball over the
left field fence for the longest home
run on the grounds this season. In the
ninth the players were changed around
and went utterly to pieces. The score:
Portland — i Los Angeles —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
Nadeau.lt:. Z Z 2 UToman.ss 5 0 0 0 6
McCrd.rf f> 1 2 2 0 Flood.2b 5 2 2 2 4
Drnan.cf 5 0 12 2 Smith, 3b 4 12 2 1
Beck,lb. 6 1 1 11 OiBernrd.cf 3 2 13 0
Rymd,3b 3 0 11 3 Cravth.rf 3 2 12 0
Castro,2b 4 0 12 2[ChEse,lb 3 1 1 13 0
Frncis.BS 4 2 2 8 2,Robs. If 4 0 1 0 0
Stelmn.c 4 O 1 4 O'gples, c. 4. O 2 6 0
Iberg. p 3*0104 Newtn.p 40004
Thielmn 1O1O0
Roach.p. 0 0 0 0 0j Totals 35 S 10 27 14
Totals 39 6 13 27 13:
•Thielman batted for Ibere In the eighth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 2 1 1 0—6
Bare hits 22011322 0—13
Los Angeles 0 2100820 0 — 8
Base hlt« 0 22004 1 1 0—10
SUMMARY.
Sacrlflc hlte — Bernard 2, Chase. Errors—Ray
mond, Steelznan, Chase, Spies. Earned runs-
Portland 4, Los, Angeles 4. Stolen bases —
Flood 3, Smith, Chase, Spies. Baaea on balls —
Off Ibers 2, oft Newton 1. Struck out — By
Iberg 2, by Newton 1, by Roach 1. Two-base
hits — Francis, Castro, Cravath, Steelman, Na
deau. Three-base hit — ilcCreedie. Home run
— Beck. Left on bases — Portland 7, Los An
geles 5. Wild pitch — By Newman 1. First
base on errors — Los Angeles 1. Hits — Oft Iberg
10. Time of game — 1 hour and 50 minutes.
Umpire — Brown. Attendance — 1500.
Special Dispatch to The Call
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ...ES 41 .f*6jOakland ..49 48 .605
Seattle 65 41 .673 Ban Fran.. 39 67 .407
Los Ang...54 43 .Mo|Portland ..35 C8 .378
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
HENLEY, Eng., July 7.— Lieutenant
Bcholes of the Don Rots ing Club of To
ronto beat A. D. Cloutte of the Lon
don Bowing Club, in the final heat of
the race for the diamond sculls.
Echoles won by a length and a quarter
end created a new time record, 8 min
utes and 23 seconds, beating the rec
ord of B. H. Howell of New York in
18S8 by six seconds.
In th* final for the Stewards' Cup.
Third Trinity. Cambridge, beat the
Winnipeg crew.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
considered yesterday the matter of
granting a permit for the August pro
fessional boxing bout. The majority
of the committee had -recommended
that the Hayes Valley Club be granted
the permit on the ground that it was
the only club having a gymnasium, as
the law requires.
Harry Corbett of the Yosemite Club
said that his club had the June permit,
but was unable to hold the exhibition
owing to the injury sustained by Jef
fries. Mr. Corbett said the club would
lose its forfeit of 52500 if it did not pro
mote the Munroe-Jeffriea contest in
August. He declared the club had a
gymnasium in the Mechanics' Pavilion
annex, and the committee decided to
visit the gymnasium to-day at 2 o'clock
before taking action.
Morris Levy of the Hayes Valley Club
objected to an amateur permit being
granted to the San Francisco Club on
the 22d inst., claiming he was entitled
to a permit In the same week. Action
was postponed for one week.
Defeats the Winnipeg Oars
men in the Final Heat
for the Stewards' Cup
Morris Levy Objects to Alex
Greggains Getting a Per
mit for the 22nd Inst.
Eagle Bird, Little Plunger,
Eagged Actor and Golden
Feather Are Ones favored
CAMBKIDGE CREW WINS
The Portland Twirler Has
All the Kinks Taken Out
of His Curves in the Sixth
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
lltol— J. W. O'Neill, 91 (Nlcol) 6 16 1 1#
6 to 1— Joe Goss, 104 (Ivers)... 6 24 27
8 to 1— Martlus. 103 (Foley) 1 4 >J 3 14
Time, 1.16%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Trotter's ch. g. (3) by Peter McCue-
Tern. Fenian 106. Mattie H 99. Lovable 100,
Dave Sommers 104, Thane 110, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Goo Goo. 95 (Rice).— .. 1 1 1141 114
4 to 1— Caithness. 99 (W.Davis) 7 2 2 2 3
8 to 1— South Breeze, 97 (Nlcol).lO 6 3 8 n
Time, 2:12',4. Start good. Won easily, win
ner. Hlckey Bros.' b. m. (4) by Spendthrtft-
Schottka. Jim Wlnn 99, Zella Knight 97, Miss
Eon 102. Maud Wallace i 97. Memphlan 105.
Billy Moore 104, Brooklyn 92, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Flying Torpedo,105(And) 4 3 1%1 1
9 to 1— Warte Nicht. 106 (Book) 2 2 2 2 3
3 to 1— Jack Toung.106 (D.Aust) 14 3 1
Time. 1:50*4. Start good, Won easily.
Winner S. Lazarus' ch. g. (6) by Hanover-
Gypsy. Charlie Thompson 105, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds: ¦ -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Red Leaf, 105 (Troxler).. 5 23 lh
4 to 5 — Braden. 108 (Austin) 3 12 2 3
30 to 1— G. Wilson. 108 (Andersn) 4 4 2 3 4
Time, 1:04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. Strause & Co.'a ch. f. (2) by Hermence-
Readlna. Madras 105, Erste Platz 108. Ver
andah 105. Colonel Preston 108. Caubeen 108,
Drage Kiel 108. Lucky Charm 108. finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— One mile and twenty
yards; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Miss Betty. 90 (Davis)... 4 lnkllVi
5 to 2— Regina D, 87 (Anderson) 1 2 4 2 10
40 to 1— G. Vivian. 97 (Barron)... 8 4 % 3 %
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schrelber's ch. f. (3) by St. George-
Free Will. Grief 90, Lady Matchless 103, Dr.
Kler 108, Blrdwood 102. Colonel Smith 99,
Uranium 103. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— Flying Torpedo
won the feature race at Fair Grounds
to-day from Warte Nicht and Jack
Young. Charlie Thompson, the favor
ite, made the running to the stretch,
but quit badly at the end. Favorites
had a bad day, not a single public
choice winning. The weather was clear
and the track ¦¦ good. -Attendance,. 6000.
' FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs j
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1— Fruit, 09 (Raynor)...... .\ 1 3^12
3 to 2— Darthula, 102 (Austin) 4 4521
S to 5— Abelard. 105 (Fischer) 2 1% 32
Time, :57%. Start fair. Won easily. Wln
nerfL. O. Appelby's b. f. by Knight of Ellers
lie-Banana. Covina 100, Picture Hat 107,
finished as named. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time. 2 :28 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, G. W. Poole's br. c. (3) by Tenny-
Belle Amle. Rossmond 105, Sprlngatead 100,
Lady Chorister 100. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and three eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Black Wolf 05 (Pleratt) 6 3 1^1 3
7 to 5 — Harrison, 107 (Lawrence) 2 4 10 2 1
30 to 1 — Valeat. 103 (Feicht).... 5 12 34
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin,
12 to 5— Flaxman. 116 (Prior) 1 K2%13
5 to 2— Ivan the Trble.lOS(Hlgsn) 4 2 h 21
7 td C — Gold Enamel. 108 (Knpp) 6 11 3 3
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Dwinell's br. c. by Rough' and
Ready-Mistral. Investigation 108 Jack Lory
108, Walsh 110, Queen Esther 108, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and ud; curse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10— Fonsoluca, 101 (Abuchn) 6 4 6 13
11 to 5— Brch Broom, 103 (Hlgsn) 3 1 % 2 10
6 to 1— Foncasta, 90 (Knapp).. 2 3h 8 25
Time, 1:4+. Start good. ¦ Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Pugh'a ch. g. (5) by Fonso-Lwcasta.
Longmore 104, Firing Line 104, Bake 102 fin
ished ag placed.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olas and up; purse: ,
Bett & ff - " orse . Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10— Clifton Forge, 98 (Feieht) 1 420 11 '
8 to 1— Phil Finch, 100 (Ollphnt) 6 H 2«
6 to 1— Bragg. 104 (Knapp)..... 4 2 2 3 3
Time. 1 :30 2-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner, E. Corrigan'a ch. c. (3) by Handsome-
Iilisee. Gregor K 109 Huzzah 109, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
I i e . ti « E - J? orsG - We lEht. J<v:key. St. % Fin. •
-.n J° ?~ The Mighty. 106 (Helgsn) 3 2 2%1 nk
30 to 1— Atlantico. 100 (Knapp)..ll 63 24
\£? 5 ~ Sad Bam . HI (Sherwood) 2 1 1%3 4
Time. 1:17 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, T. G. Ferguson's ch. c. (3) by Prince
Royal -Intrusion. Orfeo 111. Docile 03, Dusky
?&. *\ aterm elon 100, Grand 104, Mabel Wlnn
109, Jackful 104, My Gem 102, finished as
named. >
CHICAGO, July 7.— Clifton Forge ran
one of the greatest races seen on a
Chicago track this season in the third
event this afternoon at Harlem. He
was a 4 to 5 favorite. At the start
Clifton Forge, which had the rail posi
tion, got into a jam and was badly cut
off. Feicht, who had the mount on the
colt, was hit in the eye with a clod
of earth. The colt dropped back to a
bad last. Feicht then went to work
on him. He was fully twelve lengths
behind Phil Finch, the leader, down the
back stretch and it seemed he was out
of it. He made up all of this ground.
In" the stretch he came with a great
rush on the outside and won by a
length from Phil Finch. The latter beat
Bragg half a length.
The talent gave the bookmakers an
avtful jar, as three favorites and three
second choices won. Jake and Firing
Line fell at the of the stretch in
the fourth race, and for a time it
seemed Jockeys Oregar and Feicht
were seriously injured. Feicht waa
thrown heavily, but bounded up like a
rubber ball, landing on the opposite
side of the fence. He was up laughing
and was not even bruised. Oregar did
not escape so easily. He was severely
jarred and his back was badly
wrenched. The track was slow. Sum
mary: '
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting Hotmv Weleht, Jockey: St. % Fin.
irt .? ?~ £ . D11Ion . 10 ? (Helgesen) 3 12 13
l?i, c }— gainvrltch. 113 (Feitch).. 1 2 2 2h
Ti O J f «%¥' 113 butter).... 6 4 1%3 6
Time. :58 3-5. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner McBrayer Moore's br. f. by The Com
nioner-Magnet. Calendula 110. Ethel Day 118,
K rf s ,,Y lr^ lnia U1 » Go o<l Manners 115, North
r™JL U ' Louls e MacFarlan 109, Gertie Allen
ii?" I . Lorelei 107. Hattie Weise 115, Given
1X1, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
QUAKKELS OF THE CLUBS
IBEEG IS TOUCHED UP
WINNER IS HAED TO PICK
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; maiden three-year-olds " and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
lOtol— Scnoma Belle.l05(Cochr) 4 1 a 1 1(4
Rtol— Marmee 108 (Redfern).. 3 2 5 2 8
6 to 1— Persistence II.110(Wnd).12 12 3 12
Time, 1:50. Start cood. Won driving. Win
ner Mrs, C. Cochran's ch. t. by Star Ruby-
Bonoma, Sir Ship, William Pidgeon. Male
Hanlon, Nlc Longworth, Step Away, St. Ga
tlen, Rossie Dlnham, Chattuah and Lord of the
Manor finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
fitol— Jane Holly. 101 (Hllde) 2 1 1V41 2
4 to 5— Ben MacDhui.l08(Mrtin) 1 4 6 2 10
6 to 2— Garnish. 98 (Travers... 3 2 n 3 10
Time. 1:49. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Yeager'o ch. m. by Sleipner-Sena
Royal. Eabat. Tom Cod and Silver Days fln
lahed as named. \ . • > • :
Time. 1:16 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. McDonald's b. f. by Requltal-
Intermleston. Highborn, Perry McAden, Pete
Dalley and Red Friar finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs ; the Atlantic
rtakes; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Carrie Jones, 94 (Cumm) 2 1 l&l 5
8 to fi— Linenrf t. 100 (H. Cochrn) 4 3 2 2 Vi
7 to 2— Gold Ten. 98 (Travers).. 5 2 3 3 %
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap: three -year- olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
Even— Hunt Park, 122 (Mrtn) 5 2 4 13^
8 to 1— Himself, 94 (D.O'Connr) 4 4 3 2 2
20 to 1--Ja<;k Ratlin, 90 (Wood) 3 12 3 8
Time. 1:54 Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, M. Corbett's ch. h. by Klngston-Editha.
Falvatella, Flara. Flornam Queen. Little Em,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six rurlonge; purse; three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
6 to 5— Mineola. 1C0 (Hlldebrnd) 2 2 2 11%
11 to 5— Jocund, 108 (O'Neill).. 3 36 2 5
7 to 2— Et Tu Brute. 10S (Phlps) 1 1 h 3 10
Time. 1:14 4-5. Start fairly good. Won
easily. Winner, H. B. Duryea's ch. t. by
Meddler-Hurley Burley. Roseben, Fine Art,
finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH. July 7.— Under
changed conditions of weather and
track, there being a heavy fog when
the first race was run and rain at in
tervals during the entire afternoon, six
races were run at the course to-day in
the presence of a large attendance. An
outsider won the first race and lonj?
ehots were first in the fourth and sixth
events.
The favorites which won were
Mineola and Hurst Park, both of which
outclassed their fields. As supposed
good judges were said to be backing
other horses in these races, false prices
prevailed. Under normal conditions
and on a fast track they would have
been odds-on favorites at the start.
Because Et Tu Brute, a California
bred colt, had beaten good horses easily
at Buffalo, he was well backed to win
the second race in which H. B. Dur
yea's Mineola, the ultimate winner^
Jocund. Rose Ben and Fine Art started.
Mineola went back in the bettiner. as
the track was becoming "greasy."
After Et Tu Brute had led for half a
mile Mineola, always close up, shot to
the front, followed by Jocund. The
Duryea filly, which only two days ago
made a new record at six and a half
furlongs, won easily. Summary:
FIRST RAC&— Six furlongs; Belling; t,wo
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— Blue Coat, 102 (Cochrn) 1 13 13^
3 to 1— M. Gordan, 94 (Hnnsssy) 4 2^22
10 to 1— Fleur de Marle,93 (Cnak) 2 8 1 3 1
Time. 1:15 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. T. Monahan's bay c. by Ben Strome-
Bluejacket. Winchester, Jack McKeon, Little
Buttercup, Black Prince. aCshler, Kstella, Fra
Fillip, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scholes Clips Six Seconds
From the Time Made by
B.H.Howoll. Winner in ; 98
Supervisors' Police Commit
tee to Visit Yosemite Club
Gymnasium in the Pavilion
The Angels' Giant Southpaw
Is Hit Often and Hard,
but Finally Wins Out
One Hundred and Twelve
Greyhounds Will Start
This Week at Ingleside
St. Louis Fair Grounds
Feature Event Goes to Fly
ing Torpedo.
Et Tu Brute, a Son of
Brutus, Is the Public
Choice.
Ed Corrigan's Clifton Forge
Runs a Grand Race at
Harlem.
SCULLER MAKES
A NEW RECORD
NEWTON ENJOYS
A BOMBARDMENT
BOXING PERMIT
IN ABEYANCE
MINEOLA RECEDES IN THE BETTING
AND THEN CLEVERLY DEFEATS JOCUND
LIBERAL ENTRY
IN OPEN STAKE
SCHOLES, THE CANADIAN, WINS DIAMOND SCULLS AT HENLEY REGATTA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, JULY S, 1904.
¦¦I--' NEW YORK July 7.— At a meeting of the
steel billet pool, 'held here to-day, tbe present
f ha^"'« et srtou was reaffirmed /
10
.j'PVKH.'rTM M M K
BEER
MILWAUKEE B
m 'Came.gire urn » tssieofjonr qum2Kj." \
f Wiener Blaiz — the embodiment \
I of honest components and 1
I consummate skill m the art of I
A brewing. Has character and taile /
kV^ that's indescribably pleasing, g k
I^^W Ask for it down town. Jm\
iSmJSi Send a casc
a^^ ga^^^^ home. ¦ -^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦1
8AM BZBO it CO..
"Wholesale Ocalexi, 212 Battery St..
Tel. Main 6859. San jgncUco.
HEALTH and HAPPINESS
iaF-S^ jjJl'M IFiw/^* trated hook
; 4^2p5as£*^x r e m*rkabl4
! a treatment. It
< iOfc Dr. L'aw re nceu *xS«. » nI *i«°r of
«nrt completely develop the organs-^uLed w'lth
™? fc ", oluWe medicated urethral cr*yon» will
¦im CUr * Where aU Cl3 * fa " 9 ' Los8 * 9 »
r-Ptofrrr urethral. mccxcatiuim " ¦ ']>
DTaln 2L- 8 * mln * 1 Weakness. Varleocele. Strict-
ure. Premature Decay. Proatatltis, etc. W«
heve the best home treatment \n th» world and
!?"* U 21 *i* <**?»' t'«*l and approval. No
—„?'. i ud * ch * n «- Call or write for book.
i»nt securely sealed, free. Our physician* cure
all diseases of men In a •clentlflc manner.
n"™" 8 •»»¦ Sundays. 10 to 1.Hen Bin*, a Chinese cock employed at Mar
tin-* caff, 120 California etivct. lost his life
under peculiar cJrct>r»«ancei. Ht «•> eU nd
irr -Wednesday afternoon ©n a. box in hi«
fcuch«ti. rftaching up for a bottl*. whm be fell
to the flow, la hi. tail he broke the botUe
Severs Femoral Artery.
Captain William P. EUnson of the United
Elates army transport Logan was quietly mar
ried to Miss Susie Sumner on June 20 The
wedding took place at the Church of fit! John
«he BropUst, Fifteenth street and Albion ave
rue .Hector L. C Eanford officiating. Dr W.
I«^ 8 , Of J h * *?**» w * 8 **« m *" and was
? IV. i" * J^* r £ dnou « dutl** by Captain J de
Lafitte, United States quartermaster and C
r. William., first officer of theVessli
Captain Stinson Married.
Lieutenant J. C. Burnett, In charge of the
United States naval rendezvous at '5 Market
street, yesterday received orders to begin the
*nlistrn-nt cf naval apprentices for the training
nation at Goat iFland. The age qualittcatlon
IB now between 17 and 18 years. It was for
merly 14 to 18. but tbe Jfavy Department found
that boys of 14, 15 and 16 were too young- and
generally too small to meet the physical re
quirements cf the eervlce. Moreover, a tad of
that youthful age was hardly able to know
whether a« was fitted for a seafaring life or
r.ot. By the extension of tbe age limit the
Nary Department hopes to enliat a better claes
of young recruits. Seamen, ordinary seamen.
l»nd»m»n. writer*, machinists, firemen and coarf
leavers are now being enlisted at the shlppin?
ora«. ffUBBMari /
N'aval Apprentices Wanted.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails.) Pier.
Sierra Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
8. Barbara. Grays Harbor .• 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July 9.
Alliance.... Eureka. A Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Aurelia Astoria A Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco... N. Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40-
July 10. !
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport A Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
July IX. I '
Costa Rica. Astoria A Portland 11 amIPIer 24
S. Monica., Grays Harbor. ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Rainier Seattle A BeUingnm 4 pm Pier 10
July 12.
Korta, China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Ft. Paul.... Nome £ St. Michael 2 pro Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
July 13.
Arctic Humboldt ....10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
July 14.
Pomo Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Luxor Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July IS. |
Gaelic. ..e. China & Japan.... 12 m Pier 40
Nortn Fork. Humboldt ,...1 5 pm Pier lrt
Alaxneda. '-. Honolulu ..11 am Pier 7
Barracouta. N. Y." via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia... Astoria ft Portland! 11 am Pier 24
July 18. I
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoma. ( 0 pm Pier 20
TO SAIL.
T. H. Speedy brought suit in the Su
perior Court, Department 8, on May
May 17 last against C. W. French and
others. Including the Pacific Steel
Company, to enjoin the negotiations
and secure the cancellation of certain
promissory notes indorsed by Speddy
and delivered to French. The suit has
been dismissed on motion of the attor
ney for the plaintiff, the latter agree
ing to pay the costs of the suit.
Speddy Withdraws Suit.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 7.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 16 hour* from
Grtenwood. -_' • > :i.
Stmr Pomona, Ewanson, 17 » hours from
Eureka.
Stmr r A KUburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodsere.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 79 hours from Bel
lingham.
' Stmr Gipsy. Gray, 16 hours from Santa
Cruz.«
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 79 hour* from Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwkk. 6 days from Port
land, via Eureka 22 hours.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bark Vidette. Bergman, 23 days from Port
Los Angeles.
Schr Bessie K, Etark, 12 hours from Ean
Vicente Landing.
Schr Robert R Hind. Erlckson. 5}J days
from Newcastle. Island. B C.
Schr Virginia, Nllseon, 3H days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Novelty.- Huffman. 5 days from Wll
lapa Harbor. .¦•-,'.
SAILED.
Thursday, July 7.
V S etmr Daniel Manninc, Tuttle, cruise.
Stmr V A KUburn, Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, San Di
ego and way ports.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka. Jtssen. Eureka.
Stmr Ean Mateo, Ross, Tacoma.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr Banta Cruz. Eagles. San Pedro.
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Brunswick. EUefsen. Fort Bragg.
' Stmr Porno. Jacobo, Albion.
Stmr South Coast, Olson, Caspar.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
' Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
I Schr Queen. Paulsen. Port Gamble.
Schr Conflanza. Johnson. Notleys Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LO BOS, July 7, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
June 30 — Oft Azores, Br ship Ashmore, from
VaparaUo. for Liverpool.
June 20— Lat 12 N. long 26 W, Br bark
Strathdon. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Jury 6 — Lat 42 30 N. long . itmr Nor
wood, from Belllnicham. for San Francisco, In
tow of tug- Richard Holyoke, - per . Montara. ~
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO — Arrived July 7 — Stmr Acme,
from San Pedro.
Sailed July 7— Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco
EUREKA— Sailed July 6— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 7— Stmr Bee, hence July 8;
•trnr Corona, hence July 6.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 7— Stmrs Costa Rica
and Whlttler. for San Francisco.
Arrived July 7— Stmr Chlco. hence July 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 6— Stmr St Paul, for
San Francisco; stmr City of Puebla, for San
F PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 7— Stmr Bo
nlta. for San Francisco. _
Sailed July 7— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
1,'MPQUA RIVER— Passed July 5, 6:30 p • m
— Btmr Norwood. In tow, of tug ' Richard
Holyoke ' from Belllngham, for San Francleco.
TATOOSH — Passed out July 7 — Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Francisco.
Passed In July 7 — Schr Spokane, hence June
25 for Port Gamble: schr Balnbrldge, from San
Pedro tor Port Blakeley; schr King Cyrus,
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Barracouta... New York via Panama. (July 8
San Pedro Humboldt July 8
Elizabeth Coquille River July 8
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. .| July 6
Del Norte Crescent City July 8
S. Barbara San Pedro July 8
Costa Rica.... Portland & Astoria July 8
St. Paul. Nome & St. Michael. . July 8
Redondo Portland A Astoria July ¦ 9 '
Corona Humboldt July 10
Eureka Humboldt 'July 10
City Puebla — Puget Sound Port*... . I July 10
Arctic Humboldt I July 10
Arcata Coob Bay & Pt. Orford. July 11
State of Cal ... Ban Diego ft Way Pts. July 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pt«. July 11
Hawaiian ...:- New York via Coronel. July 11
Luxor geattle July 11
Centralla Grays Harbor July 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 11
S Monlc* San Pedro (July 11
Chlco Portland & Astoria ,'July 12
Aurelia San Pedro (July 12
Pomo Point Arena St. Albion. | July 12
Alameda Honolulu July 12
Ramses - Hamburg A Way Ports. July 12
Argo../ Eel River Ports ...... July 12
Pomona, Humboldt - Julyvj.3 |
Columbia Portland A Astoria July l:c
North Fork... Humboldt July 13
p eru New York via Panama. July 13
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt. Arena July 14
FantaRosa... San Diego * Way Pts. July 14
Bonita .Newport A Way Ports. July 15
Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma . July 15
Mongolia . China A Japan July IS
Umatllla...... Puget 8ound Ports.... { July IB
Sonoma Sydney A Way Ports.. 'July 18
V. Maim China A Japan; |July 18
from San Pedro, for Belllngham: schr Philip
pine, hence June 19 for 'Port Gamble; stmr
Melville Dollar, from St Michael, for Seattle;
Ch!l bark Royal Sovereign, from Honolulu, for
Puget Sound: stmr Jeanle, hence July 2, for
Seattle.
Passed out July 7 — Br ship Pass of Lemy,
from Port Ludlow. for Australia: stmr Ameri
can from Tacoma. for Honolulu. ,
TACOMA— Sailed July 6— Stmr American,
for Honolulu. *
Sailed July 7 — Br ship Thlrlmere, for Iqulque.
BALLARD— Arrived July 7— Br berk Ad
derly, hence June 17.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 7— Stmr Gualala,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived July 6— Stmr Scotia,
from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed July 7 — Stmr Barra
couta. for San Francisco; schr Lottie Carson,
for Eureka. '
' DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 25— Stmr
Mary D Hume, from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 7— Tu* Sea
King, hence July 6, with barge Tidal- Wave
in tow.
Sailed July 7— Tug Sea King, for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 7—
Stmr Aberdeen, from Portland.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 7 — Stmrs Shasta,
Despatch and Santa Monica, henco July 6. •
Sailed' 'July 7 — Schr Wlnilow, for Grays
Harbor; schr Olga. for Columbia River; stmrs
Fulton and Marshfleld. for San Francisco.
BELLIN'GHAM— Arrived July 7— Stmr Olym
pic, hence July 2.
PORT LITDLOW — Arrived ... July 7— Bark
Heaper. for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 7 — Schr
Sehome, from Redondo.
Sailed July 7— Schr W H Smith, for San
I cdro. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 6— U 5 ilmr
Thomas, for San Francisco: Chll bark Curzon,
for Port Townsend.'
Arrived July t>— Stmr Nevadan. hence
June 29. July 7— Schr Rebcrt Lewers, from
Lay pan Island.
CEBU — Sailed July 6 — Br stmr Indrapura,
for New York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 6— Str.r Advance,
for Colon: Br stmr Vulcan, for *J.-..ilia.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 6— Ship
John Ena. from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL— Sailed July 6— Br ship Chiltonford,
for Sa.n Francisco.
NOUMEA— Arrived June 15— Fr bark Noeml,
hence April 13.
HONGKONG— Arrived June, 22— Ger stmr
Nubia, from New York.
ACAPULCO— Salltd July 5— Stmr Peru, for
San Franciaco. July 6— Stmr San Jose, for
Panama: ¦ ¦. , , „ ' • "-.
PORT SAID— Arrived July 7— Stmr Machian,
from Greenock, Liverpool and Seattle, etc.
LADYSM1TH — Arrived July 7— Stmr St
Paul, from Seattle.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skazway.
Sailed July 7— Stmr City of Puebla. for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLKS— Arrived July 7— Stmr Koenlg
Albert, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 7— Stmr Ma
jestic from Liverpool. : for New York: etmr
Noordland. -from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 7— Stmr La. Lor
raine, from Havre; stmr Numldlan, from
Glasgow;.. stnir ' Deutschlanl, from Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Ultonla,
from Naples, «tc. .¦¦-¦' ¦ -
L1VKRPOOL — Arrived July e— Stmr Auranla,
from New York; stmr Merian, from Phlladel
galled July 7— Stror Noordland for Phila
delphia. . - . •
HAMBURG— Arrived July 7— Stmr
vania, from New York.
Sailed July 7 — StmrX5raf Waldergee, for New
York,. via Boulogne and Dover. ¦
: ','-"¦
Captain Bchoemaicer of the Eeefahrer when
Y* came aboard next morning, found the cook
in command and the cabin boy acting as chief
fT etaff. He *wore great deep sea oaths and
dispatched a messenger to the office o t the
«;erraan Consul. With this official he has
/ f.Ied a complaint against the Police Depart
ment, charging it with having removed the
two mates from his ehlp, leaving the vessel
en-1 carso uithout officers.
First OdScer Stud Kreuger and Second
Officer Frank Apm of the big German ship
BeefaJbrcr. lying at Howard -«r*et wharf, are
wiser now than when their flag waved a last
fcdieu to the ehorc* ot the Kaiaer. They have
Kitmed that It is a sort of lese majecte In
thi« countiy to celebrate the birth of a German
baby back in the Fatherland by becoming up
furiously mueical. warbling in a peace-dis
turbing key nongs of the Rhine and uetng the
mast cf their ship as a purtol target. All these
things th<y did Wednesday night and inter
national complication* may result therefrom
Kxtuger heard from home that there was
now in existence a very young Herr Kreuger.
The mate invited his fellow-officer to observe
!£.' * d . v * nt of tfie Juvenile in a fitting manner.
rhe observ«.tt<« took place through glasses—
•••¦chooiicn.-— in different saloon, along the
water front. Then th«se two Jolly eea dogs
awoke the echoes among the docks with the
hoaise mr-lodi^s of the uea. They became «ep
tratejl during their cruiiings and Kreuger
fought his ship and berth alone. When Apert
found the gangway of the Seefahrer pom*
hour* littr he was unable to get aboard and
»>e*ran to call for his comrade with pistol shots.
TJ P J! ' !;* l offlcer «¦««¦ *wakened and,
thinking that pirate* were boarding his ve««J
rush«J out on deck with hi* own revolver to
irpt. tx^ricTB f When he had identified the
nudnight foe he hugged him In a brotherly
wgy *rA the two began to fire at the main
iriMt ef the rood ehip Seefahrer. Thrc-e police
t>ffic*r«. guided by the flash of the gun». found
*nd disarmed the marksmen, and all hands
I'tcb^d ur» at the Harbor station. The rc
•r.alndT of the night the ehip and cargo lav
cffiec-rles* at the wharf.
An International Complication.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal..
July 7. 1904
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
!. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. nr. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Another ship has been added to the overdue
Be*t that peraiRs in rtmalnfng out of eight
wuh valuable cargoes. The Julius Palm from
P-acckok to Ufa* Grande is 125 days out and
The insurance companies are wining to risk her
tr>rrun« in at 10 per c#-nt. Thia makes «evj>n
vessels delayed somewhere on or under the
Another Overdue Ship.
The flying fragments of a broken
bottle came near sending Arthur Moll
linwood of 616B Greenwich street to
the Morgue yesterday. One of the
pieces struck him on the left arm,
severing the leading artery. ! The
prompt surgical aid rendered him at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. Carl
Wilson save his life. The breaking of
the bottle was purely accidental.
Broken Bottle Cuts Artery.
Humboldt Bar. California— (List of Light?.
Buoys and Day mat ks. Pacific Coast, 1904, page
33» — It Is re»rted that outer end north Jetty
buoy, a first-class tpar. black. No. 1, hereto
fore located about five-sixteenths of a mile
«outheest >4 south of the submerged rocks of
the north Jetty. Humboldt Bar. California, has
gone adrift. It will be replaced as soon as
practicable. By order of the Lighthouse Boara,
W. P. DAT. Commander U. 8. A.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse* District.
Notice to Mariners.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of Hl&h and Low Waters
«t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. r
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide it the eame at both places.
FRIDAT, JULY 8~
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets , 7:35
Moon rises .• .....' 1 :0S. a. m.
C lTlme] I Time! ITlmej jTimej
* I 1 Ft. f f Ft. ( Ft Ft.
e 1L Wf |H W| |L W[ |H Wf
S l:3fl 0.81 8:15 3.5 1:00 2.4 7:25 MS
0 2:271 0..1I 0:19 3.R 1:52 2.6 S:10 5.8
10 3:121—0.2110:15 4.1 2:45 2.7 8:55 «.O
11 3:57j — 0.7111:02 4.4 3:33 2.7 9:40 6 0
12 4:421— 1.2 11 :4« 4.« 4:24 2.7 10:30 6.1
13 5:2:, — 1.4 12:33 4.8 5:13 2.7 11:19 6.0
14 6 :0» 1—1.21 1:13 4.9 6:08 2.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
eometlmes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus i — )
(Ign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Several protestants appeared yes
terday before the Supervisors* Fire
Committee to register objections "to
the granting of a permit to J. H.
Kruse for an engine and boiler in
premises on Treat avenue, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets. Tbe protestants stated that
the boiler would be a menace to prop
erty and, woult increase the insurance
rates in the vicinity. The committee
took the matter under advisement and
will make a report to the board next
Monday after visiting the premises.
The committee granted a permit to
A. Poninou fqr a boiler at 1936 Fill
more street, the Fire Department hav
ing reported favorably thereon. James
L. Flood was granted a permit for an
engine and boiler and also to use
crude petroleum as fuel in the prem
ises at the corner of Market and Pow
ell streets.
Object to Permit for Boiler.
The latest lumber charters reported are:
British ship Ollvebank, . from Chemainus to
Cape Town, at J>5s; British steamer Totten
ham, from . Portland to Tslntau and Ta_ku.
lurcp sum; British bark Woollahra. from Eu
reka to Launc**ton; Italian ship RentVa
Elena, from Burrard Inlet to West Coast, at
37s Od. 1/ to a direct port 2s 6i less— -chartered
prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
In the reception of bids yesterday
for repairing bituminous rock and
asphalt pavements the Board of Pub
lic Works believes that the combine
for doing such work, has been effec
tually broken. F. M: Yorke filed an
exceedingly low bid^and was awarded
the contract. His bid for repairing
bituminous pavements was four
cents per square foot, whereas the
highest bid was seven cents.
YorkeV' bid for repairing asphalt
pavements was three cents per square
foot, the highest bid being seven
cents, Yorke's bid for replacing the
bitumen and putting in a concrete
foundation wherever necessary was
ten cents a square foot.
As the sum of $40,000 has been ap
propriated for repairs, the board be
lieves it will repair a large territory
this year on account of the low price
to be charged.
Board of Works Aecepts Very Low
Bid for Rtvonstructlon of Bi
tuminous Pavements.
The schooner Robert R. Hind arrived yester
day morninr from Newcastle, B. C, with the
flirt cargo of northern granite that ever entered
this port.
TT.e transport Thomas will pail from Hono
lulu tc-rfay and will be due to arrive In this
port on July 14.
The Ollvebank. which has been underjrolni?
repairs at the Rlsdon Iron Works, has been
towed to Huntere Point.
The failing of the steamer St. Paul from
Steuart-street wharf for Norn* and Alaskan
port? has been postponed until "July 12.
John S. H tan. lor.* wharfinger on Fremont-
Btreet wharf, has resigned his position, and E.
B. Cottle has been selected by the Board of
Harbcr Commissioners to succeed him. Horan
was one of the most efficient and popu'ar State
officials on the water front.
Water Front Notes.
THINKS STREET REPAIR
COMBINE IS BROKEN
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Farallon Ska* way & Way Ports. (July 9
Humboldt Ska*way &. Way Ports.! July 10
Bertha Kodiak & Way Ports. Uuly 10
Garonne Nome via Golovln Bay. July 10
Olympia Nome direct July 10
Cottage City. . Skacwey A Way Ports. July 12
Santa Clara.. • Valdez & Seward July 14
Tampico Xcme & St. Michael. . July 15
Dirlgo Ska^way & Way Ports. July 15
Santa Ana Valdez & Way Ports.. July 14
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. .. July 18
Theodore Lowe, at one time e "itor of
the defunct Raven, a monthly publica
tion, is wanted by tne police on a
felony charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. The complaining wit
ness against him is Miss Bell Doherty,
1072*Thirty-secc-nd street. Oakland.
She alleges that on June 16 Lowe
represented to her that he was the pub
lisher of the Raven and if she paid
him $130 he would appoint her his
stenographer and proofreader at $35
per month and give her a share in the
profits. He alleged that he had 52S0O
Invested in the paper and had a large
subscription list. She paid him the $150
and alleges that all of the representa
tions made to her by Lowe were false.
About six months ago Lowe was ar
rested en a similar charge, the com
plaining witness being a woman living
on Jones street. At that time the Raven
was being published and Lowe got the
benefit of the doubt, the case being dis
missed. A few days later Lowe had
the woman and her husband arrested
for threatening to kill him and the
cases were dismissed.
Warrant Issued for Arrest of Theo
dore Lowe for Obtaining Money
by False Pretenses.
It is an unusual thing for a Pacific
Mail Company's steamer to put back
into a way pert for repairs, but such
has been the case with the Barracouta.
She vent into San Diego Wednesday
evening with broken machinery -end
lay in that port twenty-four hours.
She finished her repairs and sailed for
this port at 6:30 yesterday evening,
the is due here to-day.
With few vessels in port, the freight
market at low ebb and no grain char
ters on record, this is not at present an
especially lively harbor. And with
shipowners contending fop their rates
and grain prices as they are and may
be for some time no change is likely to
come soon. Consequently few deep
water cargoes: will go out of this port
for several month?. Shippers deem 22s
6d for wheat and 23s Sd for barley high
er than the cerea.1 crop will warrant, so
both fides are waiting for a reduction
»in freight or a rise in grain.
The present rate is nominally at 20s.
However, the ship Auldgirth has been
taken for merchandise, a 22s 6d char
ter. Up on the Sound lumber freights
ere trembling toward the ground floor.
as the steamer Terje Viken. for Fre
mantle. has been chartered for 31s 3d.
the lowest rate ever recorded. Nor are
the cargoes inward bound many or re
markably heavy. The use of oil for
fuel has cut the coal ships down,
. though there are about thirty-five car
riers accredited to this port. During
the month of June 7000 tons were
brought from the colonies, agoinst 70 -
«00 tons in June of last year.
•r.4 one of the pieces cut his lep. completely
Fevering the femoral artery. He was removed
to the Harl>or Emergency Hospital, where the
flow cf blood was checked, but the badly
wounded man died In a few hours from loss of
blood. Tile hit cf class cut through muscle,
llpaments and the artery like a sharp edged
knife. ¦¦ ,, •
FROM SEATTLE.
WOMAN CHARGES EDITOR
.WITH SWINDLING HER
THE PACIFIC MAIL. STEAMSHIP BARRACOOTA, WHICH WAS DISABLED AT SEA LAST WEDNESDAY WHILE ON HER
PASSAGE FROM PANAMA TO THIS PORT AND -WAS IN CONSEQUENCE FORCED TO PUT BACK TO SAN DIEGO FOR
HErAIBS TO HER ENGINES.
A Coroner's jury yesterday in an in
quest on the body of Mrs. George Cur
ry brought in a verdict of murder
against George Curry, her husbnad.
The testimony showed that Curry had
fired three shots into his wife's body
last Tuesday in her, room, at 35 Eddy
street, and that after surrendering to
the police he confessed having killed
his wife because she had left him.
Colonel Thomas • V. Eddy, before the
Coroner and the jury, voiced his indig
nation against District Attorney By
ington for having secured from the
prisoner a sworn confession while Cur
ry was confined in the City. Prison.
Colonel Eddy remarked that the action
of Byington was in violation of the
ethics of the legal profession.
George M. Lipman of the Baldwin
Jewelry Company identified the pistol
with which the killing was done as the
one sold by him to George Curry last
Tuesday. He also, sold to Curry ten
cartridges to fit, the weapon.
Mrs. Young told the jury that Mrs.
Curry had told her that after she had
separated from her husband Curry de
manded money from her— money which
Mrs. Curry had taken away when 'she
left him. . Mrs. Curry had told the wit
ness that Curry wanted half of this
money as belonging to him, and that
she had refused to k>t him have it. The
decedent had informed the witness also
that Curry had a revolver, but that
she was not afraid of him. While the
witness' was talking with Mrs. Curry
the Japanese servant entered the room
and announced that a man wished to
see Miss Josie Tripp. Mrs. Curry re
plied that that was her name, and left
the room. The shooting took place five
minutes thereafter.
Mrs. Mary Fisher, landlady of 921
Powell street, testified that the Currys
while they lived at her house appeared
to be a very affectionate coupflc. Curry
always came home promptly after his
work and Mrs. Curry was always home
to receive him. As the witness did not
know anything about the shooting the
Coroner choked her off.
Curry declined to make any state
ment at the inquest. Mrs. Curry's body
was sent to Santa .Ana yesterday for
burial.
Asserts That the 'District
Attorney Was Guilty of
Violating Legal Ethics
EDDY SCORES" BYIXGTON
ftuby Stanford,: destitute and ill, vls
ff IBflHBHHKEHiSli&ESSJ
The preliminary examination of Har
ry Radcllffe. charged with the murder
of Andrew Riley, hod carrier,' at Ninth
and Sheridan streets, early on the
morning of June 1% was begun before
Police ; Judge ' Fritz. Several witnesses
were' examined for the prosecution, but
nothing new '.< was elicited, their evi
dence 'being , the . same as ;.at' the .Coro-'
ner's. inquest. The examination will be
resumed this morning, i
The cases of fourteen women arrest
ed , for being inmates of the notorious
1129 Dunont street wereVremanded by
Judge Mogan till September 12, by
which time Superior Judge Cook, will
probably have decided the legality of
Police Commissioner Hutton's defiance
of his order that the place be immune
from police interference.
"All right, your Honor," Attor
ney Arthur Mack, representing the
women;. ''before September 12 we'll hav e
Police Commissioner Hutton doing time
in the County Jail."
Harry M. Blum, who has served two
terms in the penitentiary and is under
a felony charge in Judge Fritz's court,
was found guilty by Judge Mogan of
misdemeanor embezzlement and sen
tenced to twelve months. He stole two
sample cases from the Brown Power
Company and 500 cigars from the firm
represented by Police Commissioner
Drinkhouse..
Mrs. Edelstein, stalwart and com- I
manding. appeared as complainant
against her husband, Harry, puny and
shrinking. The charge was battery.
For a while the Judge endeavored to
maintain the dignity and order called
for by the time-honored rules of po
lice court procedure, but Mrs. Edelstein
ingenuously forced him to relinquish
the effort and sit helpless while, she
and Harry argued it out face to face.
Attorney Friedlander meekly informed
the court that he had been retained
fc-r the defense, and- Mrs. Edelstein
haughtily declared she could not per-,
mit him to have anything to say in the
case. "For I don't know you," exclaimed
the lady, "and I am sure that until
a few minutes ago you never saw
either Harry or me. So I will not al
low you to butt in. The v-e-r-y
i-d-e-a!" So she prattled on, while the
attorney tried to appeal to the Judge
and the Judge timidly appealed to the
woman until her breath was exhausted
and he got a hearing.
"Will you permit me, madam," he
i said, '"to say y word?" /.
i After a moment's reflection she mag- ¦
nanimously said she would. "But,"
; she added, pointing at the attorney,
"not a single word will I allow that
j fellow to say."
"I merely desired to remark," said
I the Judge, "that the law allows any
person accused of an offense to be rep
resented by an attorney."
A shrill laugh of disdain was Mrs.
* Edelstein's response. "Why, all the at
torneys in the world," she' shouted,
"couldn't do that shrimp any good. An
attorney, indeed! The i-d-e-a! Come
up here and say what you have to
say."
Harry obeyed with an alacrity that
savored of force of habit acquired
through stern domestic discipline. It
was an impressive picture. The woman,
florid and aggressive, sat in the witness
chair and glared contemptuously down
at the pale little man who stood at her
feet, nervously fingering his hat brim
and avoiding her glare, while the court
breathlessly awaited the opening of
hostilities that seemed inevitable. In
response to an encouraging nod from
j his attorney the husband started to
! speak, but he had not uttered three
words ere the wife's tongue was wag
ging also. He spoke the dialect made
locally famous by Comedian Barney
Bernard, while she shouted atrociously
bad English with a Missouri twang.
! No attempt was made to stop either
j of them. Bailiff Hickey involuntarily
raised his gavel, but it descended slow
ly and failed to thump. . Clerk Grey
sat as one transfixed. The Judge's face
was -buried in a spotless handkerchief
I and an occasional convulsive heave ff
1 his shoulders was the only sign of ani
i mation he displayed. The attorneys'
table was in a wide grin. So were the
crowded benches. » '¦'-•/¦¦
From the crimination and recrim
ination fired by the Edelsteins enough
was gleaned to piece together this bit;
of coherence. They were married three
ye,ars ago and never did get along very
well together. Finally they decided to ;
be' divorced, but Superior Judge Gra
| ham refused to issue a decree" on the
ground that neither of them had suffl
¦ cient ground of complaint against the
j other. So they agreed to live apart.
The woman engaged an apartment at
1136 Howard street, and it was there
the battery alleged by her was com
mitted on the Fourth of July. She was
sitting on the porch, she said, when
Harry came sneaking around, as he had
frequently done before, and sat beside
hec He accused her of improper con
duct with a policeman, name not dis
closed, and then he bumped her head |
j twice. With the aid of the landlady
I she routed him. Two hours subsequent
| ly, when she was returning from a
l nearby grocery with two bottles of beer
which she had kindly gone to purchase
I for another lady— as for. herself, she
never drank beer— Harry again met
her and asked her to return and live
with him, as he was feeling ill and
needed nursing. "No," she said, "I
would not nurse you if I saw you dy
ing on this spot." He smote her again,
and with violence. All she wanted him
to do w-as to let her alone.
Harry admitted having vfsited her on
the nation's birthday, but denied the
battery. He simply went to agk that
she return his ante-nuptial gifts, con
sisting of jewelry and clothing, because
he had discovered that she punched
the eyes out of a portrait of himself
which he had given here ere they were
married. As for his accusations of im
proper conduct, he believed' they were
well founded, although he could not
furnish either the name or number of
the alleged policeman in the case. A
friend of his, Mr. Rose, had asked him
if he had a brother, and when he re
plied in the negative Mr. Rose ex
pressed surprise, paused by the fact
that last Sunday Mrs. Edelstein had
introduced to him as her husband's
brother a gentleman whose arm was
around her waist as the twain sat be-^
neath a tree in a sequestered nook of
Golden Gate Park. v v
; Mr. Edelestein had much more to tell,
but was suddenly stopped short by ar
rival of the noon hour and the court
asserting its authority to adjourn for
luncheon. Two weeks hence . the case
will get another inning.
- - * * *
It is probable that until they were
confronted by Mrs. Martha Edelstein,
tailoress, Police Judge Mogan and his
official aids never fully realized the im
potency of the law's machinery to up
hold the majesty of the law against
' the will of a determined woman. For
without actually subjecting herself to
! arrest for contempt Mrs. Edelstein
, bulldozed the bench, ignored the ad
monitory glances of the clerk and
scoffed the bailiff and his gavel into
! silence. She triumphantly said ail she
i desired to say and regulated the pro
i'cecdings to suit herself.
With a speaking tube extending from
his ear to the lips of Judge Mogan a
very deaf man registered as James Su
ters declared he did not desire to pros
ecute F. J. Jenkins for larceny, and
then F. J. Jenkins informed the court
that he must respectfully decline to
prosecute James Suters for assault
with a deadly weapon. Police Officer
Merchant testified that he saw Suters
pursue Jenkins, at California and Hyde
streets, until he overtook him and
plunged a pocket-knife blade into
his back, and that in expla
nation of the 'chase and the
stabbing Snters stated that Jen
kins had robbed ,him of some money
and fled with it. As the policeman had
not witnessed the stealing and could
not prove the stabbing, and as the de
fendants resolutely refused to testify
against each other, there wa,s nothing
else for the Judge to do than dismiss
both charges.
Frank Jackson, accused of stealing a
horse, harness and wagon, the proper
ty of the Haslett Warehouse Company,
is suspected.. of previous horse-steal
ings and Judge Mogan has continued
his case till July 12 to allow of further
police inquiry as to the man's charac
ter. The detectives have already dis
covered that his real name is Raoul La
Costa and that his criminal specialty
is the "lifting" of livestock.
So the woman whose only offense
was illness went her way, while the
Judge delivered himself of some re
marks that were not entirely compli
mentary to the municipal system
whose inadequate hospital facilities
compelled her to go to Jail.
"With proper attendance and medi
cines I think I can be cured in thirty
days," was the answer. "You'd better
give me thirty days, anyway, and if I
ain't cured up by that time I can get
arrested and sent up again."
"All right— thirty days."
ited the Hall of 'Justice and asked to be
arrested and charged with vagrancy,
as she wanted to go to the County Jail
for the necessary medical treatment
that had been denied her at the City
and County Hospital. The unfortunate
creature's request was complied with,
and five minutes after her arrest she
was before Judge Mogan.
"How long a term do you wanV me to
give you?" Inquired his Honorr
Coroner's Jury Formally
Accuses Him of Shooting
His Wife Deliberately
Difficulties of Shippers and Freighters in This Port.
Both Waiting for a Reduction---Lowest Rate Ever
Paid for a Lumber Charter on the Pacific Coast
CURRY CHARGED
WITH MURDER
DISABLED STEAMER BARRACOUTA PUTS
BACK INTO SAN DIEGO FOR REPAIRS
POLICE COURT RULES WEAK
WHEN WOMAN'S TONGUE WAGS
Mrs. Martha Edelstein; Tailoress, Scorns Time-
Honored ProcedureandConductsCase Against
Husband in Accordance With Her Own Desires
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUI-Y S, 1904.
11
AU VEBTISEMENTS.
jfora Good
Pocket Knife
With two or three blades. Made
of best material. Constructed for
daily usage. Blades of finest tem-
pered steel. This is a tip-top
value for $1.00. ,
RAZORS, in all standard makes.
. as low as ..$1.OO
STAR SAFETY RAZORS, regu-
lar price $2.00. My price.. ?l.oO
SCISSORS from 25c up.
Razor Strops. 25c and up. -
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c.--
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., above Powell.
\H.S. BRIDGE & CO..
I; MERCHANT TAILORS.'
?! 622 Market Street.
i Up Stairs. ; Opp.' Palace Hotel.
\ SAN FRANCISCO.
;£ Novelties in Imported Wear.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A. B. SMITH'S
New Trunk
And Bag Store
We are showing a larger
and better assortment of
Trunks and 'Bags than ever.
If you are interested, come
and see us. "We've got the
goods" at our new store,
116 ELLIS!
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. ; For
sale by all dealers and at 'office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
23 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4. p. m.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
JgUSEUN OF ANATOMY <>
A Cp lC3I]U2XX;37.tK.e:&*7U.8.r.W.£
\ . Of Tas Larftit Anatomical Museum ia tbe \
Q -Jk. World. Wnknesses or any contracted A
i. PVT S*I «•¦«*•>• »«"« ll »"'7«»r«4 ny tie oldtst T
A Q*%&h OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
k f^OSSji Con«ult»rioa free »nd *trictly priTite. *
0 C iJf^L M TrMtmeni personally or br l«r»r. A M
\ H W Tt H '"•"*•• t-w " ra **ery cue undertaken. T
AST 11 A W,| te f>r B-nk. PUIIttorBV at A
V * ,'J V nasniAui:, matled rasa, (ay
A ii (J. valuable book for mra) \
V DR. JOCDAN A tO. 1051 MarketSt.S. f. V
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
<>-!> KIMBSV ST. Established
In Is.VI for tbe treatment of rrivnt«
DtMcaKes. l.ost Manbood. Pehility <>r
livPhv Tvearinirnn hndyaml mind and
Sktn DiseHses. The Doctor-cures wheu
.->thers lal). Try him. rharges low.
<iirr>enar:tntfra. Cull or write.
Dr. J. *". H I IWIO.I. sa.i Francisco, ral.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave -Broadway
/£W=_&Ev wharves (piers 0 and 11).
/£<_' S* 11 Francisco:
¦ / */ TSy*» V*\ For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
t I I \V^i*M I I Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
1 \ \wbG\l / etP • Alaska— 11 a. m.. July
\*\ \\ »rY/ 5 - &. 14 - 19 - 24 - ** Au *. 3-
V^vJ!- >*\// Change to Company's steani-
ers at Seattle.
For victoria. Vancouver.
Port "ownsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Belllngham — 11 a. m.. July 3. 9, 14. 19. 24. 29.
Aug. a. Change, at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:Zt
P. m.. Jury 3. ft. 15. 21, 27. Aug. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m. July «. 12. 1% 24. 30. Aug. 5.
For Lcs* Angeles 4vi a Port t*>s Angeles and
Redondo), San Dieco and Santa Barbara —
Eanta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. ra.
For Los "Angeles <via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon.
terey. Pan Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obi?rK3), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. July 2. 10. IS. 28. Aug. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a, m., July fl. 14. 22. 30. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Uagdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Uazattan. Altata, La Paz. Santa. Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 9. It.
Aug. 2, Ifi.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to channe steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Pala«e HottlX V) Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight OtS.ce 10 Market st.
C. D. Dt'XANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisca
NOME"
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LJNDQUIST.
<Carryinc tX. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
THURSDAY, July 14. . . .a p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BEHRING SKA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's River Steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTL'KUK.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
KOETHERU COMMXKCUL CO-
519 Crossley bullilins. Cor. Mission and New
Montgomery st?., San Francisco. 9
ocean.es.s.co. EESS
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Friday. July 8. 2 P. M. "
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July ltf. 11 A.M.
s! S. MARIPOSA for Tahiti. August 9. 11 A.M.
LD.SFBICHL5 k BEOi Ca.A^Ii.TiCisl 03C3 613 £2
iU fltlZM (H1S3 323 Ullili i[.. Fur/, inn: St.
kCXPASXIZ GS5SSALS TSA531TL1IIT13ZU.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,^^.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot 1 *
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •SSmbBELZ*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, J43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA S2 Broadwar (Hudson building).
New York". J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacinc C044C
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To V. S. Nary Yard and "Vail* Jo.
STMKS. GEM. FR1SBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW — 8:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:13 P.
M.. 6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Suudays, 9:45 A. M., 3:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 8:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
8:15 p. rn.. 8:0O p. m. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days. 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 p. m. Landing and
office. Pier 2, foot Mission at. Phon« Mala
150& HATCH BROS.
To tJ. S. Kary Yard and Valla Jo.
Stmr H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st., north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
0:30 A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.; Sunday*. 9:30
A M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo — Week days.
6:50 A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 P. M. : Sundays. &
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates. *
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinet,
50c round trip. PTPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO.. phone Main 041. »Saturday exoepted.
j-uf^S^&dfl MENANDWQME*.
a^ifflwtrCBXS^2*9} Use Big Ofornnnsraral
/w k 1 *» • «ayiXa dlichsrgM.laaammationi.
£Md Oaarmatw4 y Irritation* or ulceratloaa
HaaSjf «•» i» fulmar*. of muooos BeabriaN,
B" A Trmm* CatHba, PainltM, and not aitrla-
§£nTHEEr»!UCHE«JCllCO. gent or polionoua.
IZcA cmcimn.o.gng »<»m *t r>rmtzt»ta,
wSEgV. V. b. a. 2SP or tent in plain wr»w«T,
rff7T^ *>T mums, prasald. lot
VTHSteSSr&'ll ti 00. or 3 tx>tu«« u.Ts.
¦• ¦ Circular itst «B mna*.THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, . 1904.
12
FREE I I A flost Useful ; Hedtu] fpRE._
1 •. ' '.¦¦¦' . ' ¦" » •.'¦" •'
Housefiofd, Sporting and Professional • ¦
PATENTED.
. f ',
f**\ Housewives' Aid in keeping ese Scales are in demand /^ ==5^\
i # tab on the Butcher, Baker, '/f *\ and are very popular with (( jj
Vn/ Grocer, Fruit and Vegetable \l Jj physicians for weighing f
'M wrAT-.-oAXT^T--. ill "NO FAMILY SHOULD BE M
lm WARRANTED W 3^X WITHOUT ONE." 3 *m"
isp Made of Brass, beautifully i|§3 Nickel-Plated Scales. Us
Half Actual Size * Actual Size. % . Half Actual Size.
In keeping with its usual enterprise, THE CALL engaged the celebrated Pelouze Scale
, Company of Chicago to manufacture a special lot of these useful household and sporting
* scales, especially for the use of its "WANT AD." patrons, and on Thursday, Friday and
Saturday of this week every one 'bringing a WANT ADVERTISEMENT for insertion in
next Sunday's f CALL will receive one of these useful little premiums.' .V
These scales sell regularly at 40c apiece and cannot be purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will readily realize that THE CALL is not only issuing the best pre-
miums ever offered by a newspaper, but is giving them a "series of useful articles that can-
not be purchased locally for three and often four times the actual cost of thetr little WANT
ADVERTISEMENT. This concession alone should be a big inducement to insert your
ad. in this paper, not to mention anyl-ing of the big returns advertisers receive from adver-
tisements placed with THE CALL. .
Premiums can be. obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco CaUL corner M-rket and Third streets; .
I open until 12 o'clock eYory night ln the year.
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until lip. m. j
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:!3 p. m. u
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. ill
639 McAllister rtreet; open -until 9:30 p. sx,- n
615 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m. Ill
¦ 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, osrner Sixteenth; open nntU » p. m. |U
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. - IB
«=____.¦ '¦ . 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. . .¦ jfi ¦
I " Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: op«n nntllJ 9. ra. ' ;. [jj
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; «p«_ until • j~ m. II
2290 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. Ill
OAKLAND OFFICE: I
101« Broadway. ~... Telephone Main 108S
I BEBKEL.RY OFFICE: T
1141 Center Street.-. .-.->.— . .TeXephon* North 7T
ALAMBDA OFFICE: » |
Schneider's Book Store ~>. Park Btr— t
' Cl..\ I II VOV ANTS — Con tinned.
MMEni7^BERNAR_\ raiTTFAl-Oui
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your Ufa correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are ln, trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable • advice ia
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
' anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 411'* Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MRS. BAUMANN, th« well, known fortun*-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air At shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 3as Market st.; phones Main 152 and
Bu»h 171>. _^
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINCJ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. S55-357 Tehama st.'Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First- class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
- rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East ,126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
——-__----_--_--_-_—
FOR rent — Cottap«». 6 rooms and bath; new;
14S Clipper St.; $25. Apply Manhattan Hotel,
room 30.
MODERN sunny 'cottage. 5 roms. bath and
washroom: cheap. Apply 1450 Seventh ave.
South, near Railroad ave.
$22 50 — S ROOMS and bath; furnished or un-
furnished. 137 Julian ave., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts. f
CLOTHING KEHOTATIwa.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring snd
dyeing. Bon March*. 40 Ellis st.. room 14-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
coLi.ECTiOTr orr ices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 55SO. *
RTTPTTTBI!.
HUNTER'S Positive' Rupture Holders. $10; no,
discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
DENTISTS. :
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventb
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
.Grant building, 1095 Market. 2d Boor; all
¦¦"first-clasn dentistry at low prices. . . '.¦ ¦ :
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
e tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 0C9 Mission, cor. Cth
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.rl4. 1st
floor. Phelan hid.. SO6 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD filling*, 75c: sliver, 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O._!.Hewltt2f>4 Snttr.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SBAMSTRESSE?
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew,
wt'a button ii. butt-nkoie factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
B. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business Collegs for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take . active management. Com-
bined course. $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bids.. 723
Market gt. •
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 7SS Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; mart space;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
.schools: special summer course. 114 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINES3 COL. and
¦ Academy. 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. CoL with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres. - .
HEALD'S BUSINES8 COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS C0LLEGE.1435 Mar-
. ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
HDALD'S School of Mines _ Electridty.24 Pest
st.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est. 1S«S4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fultqn. nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bug. College, 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75- page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
CHEAPEST and .best ln America— Tha'Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
. supplies bent help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 52U1.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chlntse help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Leon Seucg*s. 411 H O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
, best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.; tel Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
K M P LOYMEXT WAXTE D— -FE M A _g.
AMERICAN —oman. has child, good cook,
wants work, country. 324 Mason; phone
Black 2396.. - • *,
A— SECOND girl, strong and experienced,
wants position. 324 Mason: phone Black 2306.
A— WAITRESS, experienced, wants position
city hotel, restaurant. 32 J Mason; phone
Black 2396. v
A— GOOD ranch cook wants cookins for men
country. o24 Mason st. ; phone Black 239t>.
A . COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper- take
full charge: very fond of children; last place
7 years; wages $25 up. Address box SU7.Call.
SWEDISH woman wishes work b*y the
day; flrst-class laundress: sweeping* best of
reference. Address 1S27 Vallejt> st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to aralst In light
housework; no children. Call 113 Russ st
near Howard, between Sixth and Seventh.
AN honest, past middle-aged lady would like
a housekeeping situation; small wages. Box
' 1K50, 1003 Market st.
A GOOD responsible housekeeper wirh child
5 months old wishes situation; country pre-
ferred. 658 Stockton St.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes
housekeeper's . position or cooking. MRS. Ft
B.. 1040'a Mission st.
A YOUNG, nice Japanese girl irishesi situation
to do general housework In the city. Ad-
dress SH1GEMOTO, 41 i Stevenson st.
T,nnG!>"fi HOIISKS FOR SALE-— -Con.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease. .$3500
26 rooms, . all men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 • 500
4f» rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
Rl rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouse and all kinds of bus),
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
GOOD paying lodging-house. 32 rooms, for
sale: low rent. Box 3581, Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. E; M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
-life- reader. 1206 Market St., Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He Is no imitator. His work Is upon original
lines: Pure thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works in th«
open light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness. -
A test reading Is not' a life reading: when
you call on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1: a test is of little
value; when the mind is troubled . you need
more substantial aid and advice; this Is Just
what Prof. Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a flrst-class clairvoyant reading. .
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
. Would it not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you, and of the schemes of
your enemies, that you may mett with better
success?:
He docs not mention all the ill* and misfor-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case;, let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you.
find the causs of the trouble and suggest the
remedy.
¦ . His only reason fcr'glvlng your name In full
or any important information you may deslr*
is that' he does this Incidentally as a chain to
read by.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 428 EDDY ST.;
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURP. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
AA — Call at once and save $4. •
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I win improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength tn mental
and bodily vigor, and luck'that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire; win the one you
love, bring back . your loved one. and causa
marriage -with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. .326 OTarrell st\ 328.
MISS /.EMDAR, younff. gifted clalr. & palm.:
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names:
L., 50c;:G, $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Miss M.Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
¦tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special, $1: hours 10 to S.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vehdome,~.1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, ¦ 6 to 8. Phone .South' 1141. •
Mrs.A.H. Kroncnberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave. TehLarkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
.names given: 25c up.. 833 Howard, bet. 4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea' leaves; 25c. up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
GO and see Mme.- Hoffman. ¦ the wonder of: the
age. 1207. Market St., room'll.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents -BOc. M5 Minna st.
MISS WARD., clairvoyant, gives names. date3
- __<i X_cu; readings dally. 917 Market st.
JOHN D. SPKECK11LS proprietor
AdSrcts C' TTur.unieation:: to'
JOHN 'McXA S ••'•• Ma " agcr
W. J. MAKTIN Duslncss Managr
Atk for TH~ CAU< Th« Operator *vC!U Cen-
tarct Tcu With tbe Department You « Jsn.
rrb'tc-ticr! OfSce Market nr.d Third. ?. F.
ns.toti.-: Roorrs ...217 IS 221 Steveowco st.
VrUWirH t-y Carrir.-s. 20 Ct«. Per VTeek, .3
Cts. Pc JSctith. S:ncie Copt'* o '-"«•
Tern:* Vy M-;i '..uladlrc Postage «-a*h w.tb
<rc»i|: '¦„
njULT <~\!.T. ( «ncioi. r=iiiJ3»». 1 rear...*;.*™
UAif.V CALL •l-v-iu-'. '-"ur.'la:. ». «> mos... 4.00
J>AILT CALL— fv S'.-jrie Month _••»
EWXDAY CALL. 1 Y'ar J-J"
VXEKLV CALL, 1 Year -- 1
£n^ U^^^PerY-Vrix^
FO_TA-I~ iwvejdy. 1 M Per Y<>ar Extra
ALL i'O r -MASTKRP ARK AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies win be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mai: rjbecr'ber* In orcericg change of sd-
<*re#» »banl4 '.>e particular to irlre both >EW
/Mi n.r> ADUHESS ln order to insure a
r-rompt and correct compliance with their r«-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JOlf Bread«-sy Telephone Main 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE:
fi*n Cecter Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent:
fAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORkTcI-WS STANDS:
V.'aMorf-AF'.orla Hotel; A. Brrntane. 31
fr!en Square; Murray Hill Hotels Flfth-ave-
r.ue Hotel crA Hc*Trr.an Houss. f
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Rfeenram Hoube: P. O. News O».: Great
?>.rthern Hotel; Trernont House: Auditorium
Jlt-tel; Palmer Hcuse.
CTItCAOO r.FTPRESENTATIVE: 1
C. GEORGE KnOGNU5=S..Marquett<! Building
tLrng Distance Telephone. "Central 2^19.")
NEW TOP.K REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPBEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
¦J&TV TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAlTLTON Herald Square
HfSIVES? OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
«?crrier Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every r.ljrht tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
:C0« Market ttreet. cpposlte Fifth; open until
U P tn.
1^7 lioptgomery street, corner Clay; opea until
i»:3<> p. m.
¦ ¦ r '> Have* str— et: open until 9:30 p. ra.
USS McAli'.stfr Etr»^t: open until 9:30 p. m.
flS L-^rliir. street, rpen until 9:30 p. m.
i:<41 MifE'.oo street; cpen until 10 p. m.
"Z':l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until
9 p. ra.
V« Eleventh s-treet; cpen until 9 p. m.
I '96 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
Ncithesft corner Church and Duncan streets:
cr>en until 8 r-- «n.
JCcrthwest «.-crner cT T»-fnty-f*cond and Ken-
tucky «tr*«s; open until 9 p. m.
I'^t F::!more s-treet ; open until 9 p. ra.
MEETIX- XUTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.-r.andery No. 1. K. T. . -v-
': . slai b>5 mblj THIS EVENING .gsT
at 7::;o. Order of Red Cross. All E3
frattrs roortecnxly invited.
CHAS. M. PLUM. Commander.
T. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
LA PARKA1TE Inion Lodge No. 17. F. ra
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. 'VV'
July h. 1*K*4. at S p. m. First de- (Sf\
tree. By or<lei cf the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Ledge No. 13*5. F. and A. M.. _
will meet THIS EVENING. 7:30 VV
o'clock. 1 D.
GEORGE PENL1NGTON. S*c.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. i, jm^
; O.O y —Installation of r ' — - -¦'15*^sSm ; _-
.-- rHIS (FRIDAY) EVEN'-MEgSHSS
ING. July K. Member? are re-
<ii.:tiifd to attend. Vi?!tinK brothers cordially
icvitrd. H. C. MADIGAN, N. G.
GEO. L. IVAN" OVICH. R. S.
AFtiL-O I od:e NoTl 237 I. O. O. F- I^__^~
— In::.: .•: : iHIi- I FRIDAY) jMagBfegg»
NIGHT. Ji.;^ v *• • rlock '-^rp- "5=5a*S3jS*
A tood tm:e assured. Visitors < WS : *'
cordially in\1ted.
GEO. C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. XOBCnoSS, P.tc. t-ec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge K«. 1. K. of P. -*?"•
nseeTE THIS FRIDAY at S p. m , triS^r/
Pioneer building. 24 Fourth St. 7§_V
Vuutors inv.-.ed. J&2%£.
F. O. MOLL. C. C. *C-~-^>
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
EUREKA Locre No. 9. K. of P.. 000 Jcp.
Market Ft., EO*etl THIS «FRIDAY> \?S>^
EVENING. EiQUtre rank. A fra- TW_T
t^rr.al welccme «»_teri<JcT to visiting S&^SiE
brothers. W. CRONIN. C. C -&--*"•»¦
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. R. and S.
OFFICERS and Members of Golden
City Lof!ge No. 63. Kniphts of **¥^&_y
Pythias — You are hereby notified to
af^mble at th» 1 astle hall, 009 Mar- 5t*5f
k't ft., en FRIDAY. July S. at 1:30 -*-*¦""»»
ri. a., in crdcr to attend the funeral of our
1st* brother. GEORGE W. MONTEITH.
Fraternally in F. C. and B..
THOF, H. ELKINGTON, C. C.
_D. M. COFFEY. K. R. and S.
f AN FRANCISCO T-.-.t No. V,.
K. O. T- M— Review TU13 /__T_^X^
• FRIDAY) EVENING, at s HZ2 <*j -tS^|
c*clock. ricr.'^r Hall. 24 E 5^; vf *|>3
Fourth st. l_S<.' r -V>S«y
D. B. RICHARDS. *S5S'*Szi_/
P.f-r>i<J K'Ttr- **Q£&s££r
THE Board cf Medical Examiner* of the State
cf Cai*lcrn:_ will hold a special examination
:n the Stit» Normal School building -Los
ABffSes, Cal.. July 12. 13 and 14, 19o4, be-
ginning at 3:«f» a. m. Crf-dfntiais should be
f.Ied with the rorre days before the
'xerturuticn. CEO. G. GERE. M. D.. Sec
EOUTHCSar PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
E*<r«-_M. K«w York. June 15. 1304. Notice
to stockholder*. ;
To t^.• StcckbcWrs of Southern Pacific
ncmpanjr:
Ntticfe Is hereby givrn that the board cf
_ir*ctcre of the Southern Pacific Company
ot a meeting this day held called a rpecisl
n;«*-tirjg cf tk£ stccklioiacrs cf raid comianr
to convene nt the cf_r« of the company in '
Becctuncot. JeSersor. County. Kentucky, on
V^dnrsday. U_ twentieth uay of July 1304.
st 11 o'd-ck b. r.i.. nandard time, to consider
Efia act ur^n rtnoluticns to be brought befo-e
Ui*ro al »aid m»rtiii ff m eub»tnntial!y the iorra
tr.d to ihe effect fcilonlr.ir. viz:
•• •ncjr,;vtd <1». thai the capital stock of the
J-o-jth*>ni l'arif.c Company be increased one
-UTiAred rn-Iiir-n dollars by itsulng ono million
rtUJtfannsI ctsare^oC the par value of one hun-
or«-d dcllar^ oath.
J.-Reselved <2>. that the said Incr-arcd stock
*!iall tie preferred jtock: that the holders of
nun prefer— -d etock shell be entitled to divi-
<J«r.d» in earji fiscal yc _ r «.t such rate not ex-
«««dirj; eeven ;*r rent per annum, payable
tetr-i-armually out of tht net prcfit«. u thall
b- 4c<^r__-fc_it£e Iwsrd cf directors, before
*_y _iv,dct:d rhail be declared on the cemmon '
StfiCkytfcat sacta rtividends ihall be non-cumu-
letlve; t*iat thr hxldrrs of tuch preferred stock
jhali U3t ty virtue thereof be entitled to any
*.t!ic-r cr further ehare of the profits of the
company; that, upon the tiisroluticn of the
cent— -3T. voluntarily or otherwise, the holders '
et pref^ired stock shall be entitled to have
th*;r f l_res redeemed at par Jjefore ar.y dis-
trihutnji cfany part of the assets of the com-
l«_y shall t» made to the holders cf the com.
men stock: that esiJ prefened stock ehali be
l»ur-d and fo;-1 from time to time to such
arncunu and in surh r;=rr.<-T as the board cf
<;r«*ct.-rr- nay authorize end Ueterrnine, but
M net ,ff* than tt» par value of the shaies-
xi\;:i .1 thail \»- ..-nvrr:;b!f into common stock
i«.r* tor rt_reJ hi ¦:-<. qjftioci of ths holders'
err t.ni<»: tn.l :.:»:i!l be redeemable at thi
puor. of lb* company on or at any time after
b* flirt d»y cf .lulv. 19C3. and before the first
«_rof July. 151... at cne hundred and fifteen
_oi*e.r* per tbare."
M n«cl«ea «3>. thst thr board of directors
ill hr and they ,„ h erc by authorized to «*-
. ».h. frcra time t<* time, and enforco _n
-f!i iuict nnd ifRu'atlcns respecting t!ie Is-
-C talc. red«mj.tior .-.^'1 convorsion o' such
Ack. n^t inronsUU-at herewith. a» fn the
JTii>tr.t or the board may be necessary or
xr.'-T.t."
Tor ihr |>::rrt*«> of pucb «-perlal meeting the
c*_ lran;r.-r l«nks cf the company will be
cf.J July 14. 10W. at :« o'clock p m and
' ? ra" Tliur *--*'- JulV 21. 10W. «t 10 o'clock
ALEX. MIL-_VC, EccrcUry and Clerk.
ITS inr.u^I meriir.^ of tfce Fan Francisco So-
Ailcty <qt thr- Prrvrnt'on of Cruelty to Anl-
vfvni'i 1 ' 1 ', % \* % *. !n ""- Parr °« building on
MONDAY. l<\ii. is. UK*. _t -I o'clock p m.
*fc*n _ txz'.'i of truFierit will be elected
C. U. nOLEROOIC. Secretary.
U?«£S lT Y"' hl ' Tt ln AnTerlca— The~Wetkly
r. cI .' •¦*«'_•«•.••''• w^t to any addr*s» ln the
,"LniW St«lti rt (_u_ on« ye»r for (1.
r f ft~rr paid.
ASTingA H.EMEPT.
A.D1 Xola'f Afthaoa Rfmrdy .relieves Jn»Unt-
ly; 1C«. »c 60c. 1002 _Iarl__. fit. Xlc-olas.
AGKM'S \VA\TKD.
AGENT" r-.ar.tcd ic rei! «n>r •••.'ch-s.-arte ¦nur-
tery «tock: ?ibera* commission: cr.sh advanced
on arf.cr; - c»itfit »rrc: rxperisnee iin-l c^plCfl
j:ct n**.fttary if jou have ptisb nr.rl er.er.T} ;
a few < rick-o -fields Fti'I c|>cn: write iv.Joie
c»fir:Ki1. Chico Nursery Co.. Chic B. Cal.
AGENTS v.aritcJ io icll ihe lr.csi ur-^fui a:-t!c'*:
Ms iriii«»y in It: a rrsat - .-wller; yrml fir
rcrr.ts" circulars; Address S. Aj RICHMONL 1 .
1221 KaiE*it m.. San Kram-isei). -
ATTOH \_YS-AT-LA.\V.
'G. W HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established T2 years. Advice
free en all >£2l matters; <iivcrce» a specialty,
private. Quick, no pay ' n advance: mining com-
panies o*sanlied; patents obtained: wills, deeds,
collecticr*; detectives employed.
n. W. fUNG. .Utcrn<\v-at-La«\ Exam, b'.dg..
<";h lV_>cr: cr.tra:::e iron: 511: established 15
jvar? : : -II cn^rs. general coujrl and office
iractice: no tec in advance cr r or consulta-
tion; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.!
PENSION attr-— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis ft.. 15
yr». practice; ref*. frr-n many thousands ot
r.r.iJier*. sailors, widev. s and orphans on Pa-
cific Cccst fi-r -ahem I have secured penslcns.
DIVORCK— CcstK. $12: quick, quiet; ad\'lce-
free; _!1 law buslnesr; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, rocaj 301.
ADVICE free: divorce ccsts $12: no fees or
costs ln advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 610 Market st., r. 38.
L. S CLARK, 027 Market et.; consultation
free: no fees ln advance: open evenings.-
AUTOMOBILES.
WHITE touring car, used a few weeks; com-
plete top, clocks, gas lampr., etc.; must be
sold; owner leaving. Apply S13 16th, Oakland.
FOR eale — CADILLAC: seats four: canop*y top;
perfect condition. Bex 3211, Call office.
AUTOMOBILE for fale (Don a Dos); jrood run-
ring condition. Box 1411. Call office.
a:« auto car, 8 h. p.. for ealt; flrst-class or.
der. Bex 3576. Call office.
THOMAS tonneait car (gasoline) for eale. Box
2613. Call office.
FOR SALE— A Crest njoblle. 1904 (gasoline).
Box H75. Call
FOR SALE— A gasoline runabout. Box 1402."
Call office.
KNOX automobile for* sale; pood; running or-
dy. Box 2630. Call office.
JBOQXB.^
DALY _ CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
1 removed from 'MH Powell ft., to S57 Geary st.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES.
A— $S50; CORNER saloon; rent fM; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
pis,; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2tJ^ Kearny st.
A— $2000: CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; Faloon established years: a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26 H Kearny «t.
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
ceipts $25; rent $30: good business; value
in Eight;, patronized by best class of people,
f^e R. G WILKE. *-*tt"4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON ln the Potrero. with 6
rooms; rent «50;place established many years;
good business; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 2t5>i Kearny el.
A— $&00: CORNER saloon tn wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, _U»-j Kearny.
A— $1500; SALOON, located in WatsonvIIle;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
tewn. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
Kearny st.
A— $2500: LEADING hotel in the best business
town SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining- 100m; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R G.
WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
A— $5500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade: rent $30; & years' lease; value in
sight ; cne of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 ">j
Kcarny st.
A— $650: SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley; rent $20: location first-class; full
value in sight. See R, G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st. ¦
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the.
best paying corner saloons in this city;
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per . month'; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $3000: CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $33: location
first-class and a flne paying business; will
stand fullest Investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26i4 Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts. ; rent *150: lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. CaU R. G.
WILKE. 2«Va Kearny st.
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month* location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE,
26 J ,4 Kearny st. *
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms: piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion acroes ihe bay. See R. G. WILKE. 26V*
Kearny et.
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3 -year
lease: rent $75; net rent $25: fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest *tock of wine*.
liquors, etc. $*» R..G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny.
A— $450: ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall:
ft-year lease: splendid business opening. See
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny rt.
A— $3500 — ELEGANT barroom with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery 'st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 "health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 1-6 Vj Kearny st.
A— $1000: BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny «t.
$U50 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $00 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must fumluh references:
present income can easily be doubled with ¦
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007 4
Market **., room 1.
$10TO — CANDY and Icecream store: n ,r~ than
$1050 stot:k; also factory: fine location- $15
daily receipts. Irguire 1007% Market st.. r. 1.
$700 — BRANCH ! bakery, delicacy, candy ar.-l
notion store; 4 nice lii-ing rooms and yard:
receipts $10 d.; fins cash trade. 1007H Maiket
$2200— COUNTRY hotel; great summer resort-
bis transient trade; large dining-room seat-
ing SCO; plenty dishes and tableware: rent,
wator and electric llshts $25: a rare chance.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. . 1008% Market at.
$900— BEST paying delicatessen store in livell-
ert part of city; daiiy receipts $40; will stay
to teach business: value in sfcht WER-
CHANTS* AGENCY. 10CS',4 Market et/
$-.7.V- RESTAURANT and cafe neating 45;
plenty tableware. French range. 2 gas stoves
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1 CCS Vj Market nt!
s::.vm — Hotel and bar. 39 rooms; good bargain
$r25-$3f>00— Restaurar.t and branch bakeries
$fc.V'-$$M)0— Saloon with leases; good bargain.
S22!>-$K«0— Delicatessen; etand Investigation.
$S.V)-$5000— Grocery 1 _ bars: utand investigation
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO., 318 Kcarny st.
$:~u«>— PARTNER; must be respectable and
•fober: good business: wholesale butter, eggs
and cheese route; tales $150 a day; give ref-
erence and what you have been doing- will
give trial. - Addrees box S204. Call office.
A PHYSICIAN going to Europe. $W0O monthly
practice. S10.C00 Invested in equipments, will
..taki* $5000. balance long time. Inquire room
2, Hotel Francisco. Taylor and Turk sts..
FOR' SALE — A fine hotel business wrth bar;
at a good point on the railroad In Slsklyou
County: the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars eddreiis box 1403. Call office.
$4SC— GOOD paying, taloon In 1 large town near
the city; reason for selling, going to Europe
EITEL & CARROLL; 212 Kearny. at.
FOR sale— A ¦ large ¦ bakery In- country; clears)
$400 a month: must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
SHuO^HOTEL and bar; best town In Cal • *>2
rooms; dining-room; 32 steady boarders; posi-
tively clears $150 monthly. COAST. 6Turk st.
STOCK and fixtures of- a flrst-class millinery
store for isale. Apply on premises. 118 Stock,
ton et., city. ¦¦'.'. . .
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
cold 'at -once; cheap rent;, lease. Bo_12°G
Call efficc. Oakland. i
WANTED— To buy a grocery, either with or
' without bar; one that will stand clos« ln-
vestlgatlon. Address box ,1402. Call.
FOR SALE— Hctel In Paso Robles. furnished
complete snd paying a good profit. Address
for particulars. box,26S3. Call office.
FOR sale — Delicatessen lunchroom; good trade-
Cue location for tatala. - 410 W !nti> «. ' i
'•'ni'SWRSJi^ CHAXCKS — C«»n fin nert.
A— CAMERON & CO. — -^Phc^ "south IO3_
o Eddy tt.. co:\ M.trkct and Powell)
Keaaouarttrs for p 11 kir.es of business chances.
FOH — *alp — \Ye!!-furr.!:hed ."-room ark, mcorcd
one hour's ride fiom city; fine char.ee fo:
summer putlng; also for winter phootins and
fisMns: completely j furnished and equippfctl
lei lioiiirkccplng; p.utoniatlc generator for
making own toilets; closets: everything
strictly new and modern: accommodate 12
reople over night; p;rfctt little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
fc CO., 3 IMdy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located ln Cal. : assays •?4i> to 570 ton; trade
for rmg.-hie. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Electrical and locksmith business:
contral location; pftabHshcd 1) years; pent
$:j"»: clears $90 to ?100 per month; price $500;
murt sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO., ;* VCdv st.
I I'CIt tslc — Cnsriaso anrl waeon factory anil
j general Jobbing; PEiabHsh'd '21 years: will
I located .tpJ equipped with modern tools, etc.:
1 full i.i\ ts-t:g;iUon and trial given; retiring
from businegg. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds- of real estate,
roorr.lr.g-houses snd business chances. CAM-
KRON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage,
—act Oakland: high bacement, cement side.
walks, everything first-class: on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
TEA and coffee route In San Francisco for
sale: a good class of customers and good
profit. Box 2G00, Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean stock of goods; average business, $31 60
per day. Box 14C3, Call offict.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for eteady
place: will pay $90 a month; price $2S0. C32
Market, room 0.
FOR rale— Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars inquire
SCO Third et.. S. W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
I FOR F>ale — Cigar stand; good location. Inquire
1 102 Sixth st.
FOR SALE — A goo'l paying hotel in Hay-
wards. Box 3573. Call office.
FOR SALE— Grocery store in East Oakland.
Box 2<J97. Call office.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average 522 daily. Box 14S2. Call office.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon making; good
opportunity. 1329 Mission at.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertl«ements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Oper. until 11 p. m.
LODGIXG-HO USES KOK SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 105O.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-hous«s, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chancei.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
ftist-clasB condition; gonil furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2oO per month; if run
transient can clear $.'50<> to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
&0-roorn new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 yrars* lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of eickness.
7-room flat; rent J40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms: cheap >rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date) rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
IS rooms; rent only $75: well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all rnen; electric elevator,
lirhts: long lease; "drears' 5<00"*to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room modern flat, clcse in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain i! sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-clafs
up-to-date downtown house; well furnisHed;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only w-ith us.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $300.
10o rooms: cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; • clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rejit: 10 years' lease; close ln:
clears $4»*> per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
houte: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fint lease, paying $500 to $600 per month:*
close in; full nice people: !>argaln if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
2*5 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
*Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A, CAMERON Jfc CO., 3 Eddy at.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 H*ar*t bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Ccr. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3G07.
Rooj_ins-hous»a and hotels ¦ for- sale.
Eleven rooms; brand new furnishings; house
Just painted, inside and cut. and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable; good downtown
location; bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
Twelve rooms, on Post st. ; splendid location:
house Is like private home; large yard; offered
very cheap if sold soon: see this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Some good houses, large and small, , for
exchange.
Office building; all rented: clears $00 month-
very expensively furniFlied; everything new; 3-
j-ear lease; for the same money no piece of
real estate in Fan Francisco would return one-
half the Interest this chattel property will
yield. MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest SO-room apartment-hous* ,In
San Francisco; every room light and sunny;
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished;
everything of the best; long lease; cheapest
rent in the city for house of similar character;
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by . MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
If bo get full particulars at office of one of
the best 40-room transient houses ln S. F.;
located ln heart of most respectable transient
district: you are sure to make $200 to $300
net profit monthly and $3250 is all we ask.
I";;;"*. ' LOOK -AT THIS.
15 rooms; flne double bay-window house; well
furnished; clearing $60 per month; price only
$C00; actually worth and rhould sell for $1000.
130- room hotel: O-ycar-leas» at only $5 peri
room; new and modern In every detail- ele-
gantly and substantially furnished; monthly
profits average over $500; buy now and be pre-
p—red to take care of the great crowds that are
sure to winter here. •
CALL at our office; 1000 hotels and lodging-
homes to select from; we guarantee titles
I MARION GRIFFIN.'
A— Sr.000; LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
by owner 25 years; rent $2C0; lease; fine fur-
niture: place clearing above $350 per month-
vicinity Market and Kearny ets. Box '"700
Call office.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st. '
If you want to buy a houee or flat on easy
terms, large list to Eelcct from.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent: eteady and
. transient trade; my falling health only cause
" of selling. , Box 2C09. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE. $250; rent~~$20 month; 03
rooms; Kept by present owner 6 years- must
ecll on account of sfekners. 430 Jackson Bt.
LODC ING - HOUSE. IS room*, for sale; pays
575 per month over expenses- full all the
time. - Box 20F.3. Call office.^
LODGING-HOUSE for sale;. 27 rooms; all
llRht sunny: fine location; rent' $110.
Box 1412. Call office.
WASHINGTON. 2 — 13-room fa-US* furnished
cambists; goed bmln_n_ . u .,
EMPLOVHE.XT tVA^TKO-^yiaiAl.B.-
REFIXED aai capable woman ot good edu-
cation wishes position as mother's h«ip a r or
working housekeeper; good 6ewer; reference*.
Box B. o00 Hayes st. •
JIOL'snwORK by r.eat. reflni»<!. eid?r*y Ameri-
can v.-orran: fror^I rook; ftn-1 of children; ca-
pable entire wcrk of small ram-'y; reference*;
.wag63 $!¦_' to 513. ~12 Minna st. •
AOVKnTlSEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch oiflce, cor? Duncan A Church atJ.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tn*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. KZ?. McAllister gt.
EMPLOVMK.Vf WA.N'ftU .UA-tS.
A TOVXG man of good habits 'wishes poeition
in wbclesa;-? house at rcaronabl? wa£*»;
Trilling: to commence at anything. For par-
ticulars In Tv^.trC. to references, last employ-
ment, etc., address JJ. H. AXDEl:bON". U171
Sevcnte-enth St.. ciiy. • ¦
A NEAT anrl attentive young man desires po-
sition as valet; nan fravelea extensively witn
invalid sentleciaa: .lots net smoke or oae
liquors; wages reasonable; can secure Al ref-
erences. OSL'AR A. GORDELL, Golden
West Hotel. > . ¦
FIKST-CLAS3 salesman (good ad writer) re-
quirn position; Al references; 8 year* l_»t
employer. Box 311B. Call office.
A, GOOD cook wants a situation la faaHIy:
city or country: references. JARO, 1M3
Lair kin »t.; phone Polk S340.
NURSE (male) desires eas«; graduate training-
school; well used mental cases; first -class
references. I. R.. 033 EIS_ at.
WANTED— Position as clerk. R. IL F.. box
32-13. >CaIl of flee.
CARD writing done very cheap. 874 Hays* rt.
A HIGH-CJLASS specially salesman in food
products and groceries desires to male* a
connection with a thoroughly responsible
house; has a European and Oriental experi-
ence. Box 3140, Call office.
A YOUNG man who is just through wit's h_
business course wants a position as ste-
nographer; can speak two foreign languages;
liquor and tobacco concerns pleas* don't
write. Box 3230. Call offlee^
A YOUNG man, acquainted with railroad and
clerical work in general, rapid at figure*,
legible, penman, desires position cf any kind.
Box 3231, Call office^ __<
AX al]-round cabinetmaker, sober ana reliable,
desires a steady position ln hotel, store cr
kindred establishment to do repairing, etc.
Bos UU7. Call.
A POSITION as collector and soliciting agent
on a salary; experience and good references.
Box 3111. Cali office. .
STENOGRAPHER. 23 yean old; willing to do
nr.y kind of office work; good references.
Box 3143. Call office^
WHEELWRIGHT and general woodworker
wants wcrk; has full set of tools; city or
country. Box 314i. Call office.
VEItY handy mechanical man la ln need of em-
ployment at once; one that can get there;
piece work preferred. '"BISH." box 314tJ,Call
POSITION wanted — Flrst-class man wita
horses, do garden work, milk, general man
about place; reference. Box 3213. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class cook !a
family; single. 735 Jackson st.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwiiter. wants work:
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st. : phone Mint 131-
A JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants a posi-
tion in nice fatnlly in city or country; wages
$r,3 up. H. N. 1IZLTCA, 6 Central place, San
Francisco, Cal.
, A JAPANESE wants any kind of a position rt
city tn afternoon betwe«n a and 8 o'clock.
M NAOAI. 839 Sacramento St.. tel. Jamea
B261.
A DILIGENT Japanese boy -—ants position as
schoolboy; talks good English. Address 1544
Polk st.; telephone La ric'.n 8862. _^^
JAPANESE couple want position, man aa coos,
wife for general housework; wages J55 aa4
up. F. FUJ1I, 53D Stevenson st.
CHINESE, first-class French cook; hotel.
boarding-house or family. TAN ON. 837 8ao-
ramento st.
A RELIABLE Japanese wants a position as
schoolboy ; speaks . English well; has good
reference. MORITA. SOT PoUC st. '
JAPANESE wants to do w ork. general nelp for
family; so to school. 1215% Poat «t- .
A JAPANESE young man wishes a position for
morning work. Address A. H.. 413A Post st.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position. H.
F.. 031 Sacramento st. -
CHINESE cook wishes situation In private
family. Address box 3243, Call office.
YOUNG Chinese boy wants position to do
kitchen work. 744 'Washington at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch QfSce. 22C0 Flllniora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 10SH
Valencia »t.
„ ______________
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats ara list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
tn number; a combined list from all agendas;
let cs glva you a list and l-.elp you to find a
tlace; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list:
service absolutely fr««; tak» advantage of
this department; it will sav» you tlm* and
trouble. Cordes Furnltur* Co.. 245-234
Geary St.. on the square.
NOE. 1050 — Beantlful new fiat; snnny earner?
S rooms and bath; all modern — nprovements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars.
BUSH. 1211 A — Flat of 3 rooms and 1arg« al-
cove; bath boiler; rent $20. Apply 1207 A
Bush at.
NEW corner flats, close to park; 9 rooms;
bath: tinted; all sunny. $27 50. B it. and
Fourth ave.
NINETEENTH. 3(532 — 2 sunny flats to W; 4
rnom^ and bath, $22 50; 0 rooms and batX
$25: key at premise*.
GEARY. 1000 — Upper flat; S rooms and hatb;
$20.
LAKE. 740-742— New flats. 6 rooms each: rwjt
$2- M and $27 50; flne vt«w.
MODERN, sunny, upper flat. 9 rooms and bata;
rent $2*\ 1.110 Sanchea st., near 23th.
POLK. 2516A — A neat upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath.
$12 95 — 4 SUNNY rooms. 135 Ivy ave.. near
Van Ness ave. and Hayes st.
JUNIPER. 37. bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folsom. — 4 newly cleaned rooms: $12.
BROADWAY. 1255. near Hyde — Neat sunay
flats. " larg* rooms. $11.
FELL. 3S2, near Octavla — Modern sunny lower
flat. 5 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1124, corner — 7 rooms, all light
and large; rrodern; upper story, rent $40-.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The ~v>ek*y
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada one year for St.
FLATS TO !.ET — FLTINISHED.
HAIGHT, 120S Buena Vista.
— Elegantly furnished Rats; also unfurnished;
house has all convenience* and la situated ia
select neighborhood.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms to rent. 1700
r Sutter st.: tel. Baker 1671.
CAPr, 614 — 5 sunny desirable rooms: gas <«nd
coal ranz*: piano.
FLATS FOIl SALE FURNISHED.
1 FT7RNITURE of 7-room fiat for sale; barga>rT
Box 32S3. Call office.
FOR SALE— Furnished flat of. 7 rooms and
bath; down town. Box 1427. Call offlcs.
FlltMTl'HF. WAXTSa,
.ABE LEVT.
Salesroom. 1IS5 Market st. Tel Je^ste 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
r.lture. ftc. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur^
niture.carp'ts.rtc. 7SJ Mission: teL Bush 41X
FCnxiTCRE ..F'O'* 9ALEU
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for S7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Pest st.. near Powell.
Ander on Auction House. lf> Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes iverythlng for the house; low price*.
FURNITURE. stov«». bouKSt. .sold, exchanged.
Barjer, 429 Valeacla,_r.lttU_T«l.C_urc_ 38IX
HH_____«_TWT_rirtllllT»ll— ii ¦¦_miiii»« — .iii—iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY .8, 1904.
13
HORSES AND WAGONS.
NEW business buc&y. horse, wagon and har-
ness for sale chesp. Liquor store, 1744 Mar-
ket 6t., cor. Van Ness ave.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson. S.F.
DARK bay mare; works double, single and
caddie; fine driver. 2160 Geary at.; $70.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 1418. Call
office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ne»s. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
CAMPIHQ WAQOwi. |
2-STORY camping wagon: thoroughly adapted
to the purpose: attached aide tent: sleeping
apartment upstairs; complete In detail. J.
P. SMITH. 25 Eddy at. -•
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
STTJvISH sunny residence. 9 rooms; servants'
room In basement. 2O2S Bush. nr. Webster.
HOUSES TO Z,ET — FURNISHED.
TAYLOR. 1416. overlooking bay— Comfortably •
furn. house, 7 rms.. bath. Open afternoons.
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALES.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, furniture of nicely fur-
nished cottage of 6 room*; everything com-
. plete. ready to move in; near Key Route and
local train; 1 block from Shattuck ave.; price
$350. Address F. A.. Berkeley Postofflee.
FOR sale — Furniture of 5-room cottage; every-
thing new; bargain. Call between 0:80 a. m
and 6 p. m. at 140 Tremont ave.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE suitable for boarders; 20 rooms; good
location. Box S142. Call office.
A— 6 PER CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 p-?r cent and Participation In Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN-
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY,
708 Market St., S. F., Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Maguire, ex-U.8. Congressman
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor, ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard. General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice In this Hsue.
A : IlII> CHAIKS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOt.VD. ~~~ ~~
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
jind must sell: 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — A pass t.ook with the Hlbernla Savings
¦ and Lean £o< lety of San Francisco in the
naihe of Helen Johnson, No. 186-144S. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia 6av-
lnjrs snd Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of JUSTINE LINDOLF. No.
230-2S0. Finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pug dog; ••Frank": $10 reward no
queotions asked. DR. WOOLSEY, Hotel
Metropole. Oakland.
LOST — Male fox terrier, brown spot over eye;
leather collar with last year's license. Re-
turn to S3* Howard St.. room 5; reward.
LOST— A liver and white pointer: right ear
with small slit. Liberal reward. 400 Valencia.
LOST — Clipped silver terrier named^~Rats;
license No. 843. 952 Treat ave.: reward. ¦.
FOUND— Small black and white dog breed
unknown; well trained. Box 2215, Call office.
LOST— Hand bag; Market-st. car. near ferry;
reward for return. J. B. L.. Bohemian Club.
LAUNCHES FOE JURE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH~CO., foot 'of Clay
ct.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co.,Union-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing &. excursions. 6 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2686.
* MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. ~
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures- no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market «t.. opp. 6th.
MRS DR NATHAN,* totrot3Udies*j apt-
ciallst. Just arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; takes ladles before and
during confinement, with best medical care;
confinement $15; room and board $5 week*
lnfants adopted. 20«« Market, opp. Valencia.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mogt difficult cases treated-
advice free. Office 1018 Market at.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex •
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny SC
LADIES— Kumround: safe. cure, never falls"'
$2. Gleason-RugRles Drug Co., Kearny A- Clay!
DJR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOkoTheRBs'
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILEKS, engines. 2cThand machrnerynicIN^
TCEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
Iron, tin or shingles; beet for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 23
Stockton at. ,
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payment*. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats « $1 6a
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 80 pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory 40 Ellis si
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. «1 McAllister st.
THREF. young parrots for sale. Restaurant.
502 Sixth st.. . , . . -' . y,
HOMERS. Runts. Runt crosses; Al squab rals>
ers; stamp for cata. C. WUson,228F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers, new and sccond-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL.- 1021% Market rt.
AWNINGS, tents, new. second-hand. SUN TENT
It AWNING CO., 42 Spear st. ; tel. Joha 8480.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO..35 Mkt.Tel.Bush 858.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bad-
galupl. moved to 786 Mission st. .
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 819 Third st. ; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mantg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS FOKj^ALE — Con.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale at.
SOME good 2d-hand gasolln* engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK A- CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BKCK
& CO.. 122 Market at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all slies. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton St.
J A— MORRIS srlves highest prices for ladies'
{ and gents' cat-toff clothing; postl. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothtng. Tel.
Davis 825; 660 Sacramento at.
TILTON wants good recond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th it.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 407.
MONEY TO LOAN.
aXa^1Jerm'an''~murpht "'
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terest* in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. . Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 463. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamond*. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market at.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PSR cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bougnt
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton »t.
ON real estate and chattels! E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
BTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. hldV
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
TO calaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan hldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
- no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy £t.
1V6 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. «16 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
. Indorwr. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
tew and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendtd
bargains for piano purchasers, (live us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-62-64 Hayes St.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckering. Vose.
Stein vray. Steck. Sterling, Curtar. N'euman.
Erard. Halnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms: all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O > Farrell st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up. apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
ft.; Oakland. 1232 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's rtorage.1636 Mkt.
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; |85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post nt.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ment*. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.'
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little u*e<l. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
A— MODERN stores. 541-543 Fourth *t.; plate
glass, low fronts; cheap rents. SPECK &
CO.. 200 Montgomery st.
OFFICES AVANTED?
DOCTOR'S office of 3 rooms; 2 furnished, 1
unfurnished. Address box 5241, Call office.
I'EKSU.NALS. "
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy 00 in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? " Agents wanted. LEON
LEMO3. 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and 6th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by RO WELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops ralllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at drugglsts'.hairdressers^ac-
cept no gubetltute. Star Kemedy Co.,133» I'olk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experl-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly confi-
dential. Bex 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured hy
. skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, S28 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
AT leas than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . ¦
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post nt.. near Powell.
FRANK G. O'NEIL: Send address to H. E.,
box 2640. Call office; something Important.
BEST white ' lead.- 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS ' hair & moles removed by elec-
trto needle. .Mr».Pr.A.W.Traverse.ll?0 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 6Q; dress pants $2 00.
Mtsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIDA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, . r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural_coloirj $r at all druggists.
PAJLMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from Kast. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
- PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, - at-
torney-at-Iaw, « Hobart bldg., 632 Market st.
REA^KS^rATK~crrY~--Fqii SALli.
: ,- v . 200 MONTGOMERY ST.,
-t.'OU MONTGOMERY ST..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing. >
Rents Collected. Insurance.
$50,000— Main transfer corner: Larktn et.; 87:6
feet frontage; pays 6 per cent net under
old leases at ridiculous rents.
$44,004) — Main transfer corner on Third st.,
, close to Howard; 55-feet frontage.
$35,000 — Choice wholesale property; heart of
coming section; 8000 square feH; two
f rontares. .
$21,000— Corner, close to Polk and California
Rts., which sold for $1000 per foot, pay-
lnp«!) per cent: fine frontage.
$20,000— Business property on Main st; torn
Improvement*; rents pay 7 per cent net.
$15,0O0-r-Pine ot.; lot 42x1 J7:B feet; leased $125
per month; pays 10 per cent.
$11,000— Hayes-st. business section; 2 fronts;
fine Improvements; rents $948 per an-
num. - •
$8,500— Swell W. A. flats; rents $000 per year;
fine lot
$S,C0O— Close to Geary and Devisadero; fine
section; 2 cozy flats; rents $810 per an-
num.
$7.500— About the cost of building; 3 fine flats;
W. A.: rents $788 year.
$5,600 — Swell new building, close to Fourth
and Howard: safest section; Fourth st.
to be widened; rents $570 per year;
$2250 bank mortgage at 6 per cent can
remain: pays 12 per cent net.
$3,000 — Lovely cottage home, close to Golden
Gate Park.
$2.500 — Nice improvements; good section;
rents $26 month.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$33,000— Pacific Heights comer. NW., 137:6x
127:8; unsurpassed marine view.
$8,000— North side Broadway, close to $500.-
000 Improvements: 27:6x137:8 feet.
$1,000 — Market st.., 25x100 feet, close to com-
ing business section; a turn in this lot
In fall.
SPECK & CO.,
- 209 Montgomery »t., opp. Mills building.
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st., room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY^
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$11,500 — THREE new modern 6-room flats;
rent $1260 per annum; Frederick St., bet.
Ashbury ar.d Clayton. Apply J. H. KRUSE.
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
PARTIES having cottages not more than $30<X)
desiring to dispose same address box 3135,
Call office; no agents.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of 6
rooms, bath each: close to park; $6500; easy
payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATB.
FOUR choice lots for sale: cheap for cash.
Apply ;C8 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
Hi: A I. KVi'ATt: Country For Sal*.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard!,
vineyard?" inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ««
Market st.
FOR sale — a 9-room residence in Redwood
City; mod. Imp. C CUSSEN. Redwood City.
REAL ESTATE TO I^XCHAXCE.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbcred. , partly Improved
*>r "unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River settler; Berkeley propc-rty con-
sists of 0-room residence, lot 45x1.14. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, gTav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
n«?ar school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4027, Call office.
FOR s?le or exchange for real estate — 20 room*,
rent $40; with leaee. $300. r>17 Howard st.
iUSAli ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— To buy 10 acres near Petaluma.
Full particulars to Wm. Krbltzsch, Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
DERKELRV HKAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $23'jO
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad V $200
Lot 40x135; mac.; within Vi block S450
Half block adjoininc H. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house. 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x1155; street work com-
plete: ?75O caFh. balance $25 per month. In-
cluding principal and interest at 8 per cent;
one block and a half from car; 5 minutes"
walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward
St., near college and schools.
. MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE "Advertisements.
r'HIlTV.U.B ItKAl. ESTATE.
FOR #ale— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
Kan Oakland.
ITtTnTYAZiE rTTBNTSHEP HOTTSES
TO rent for 3 months — Furnished cottage, 4
rooms and bnth. piano and telephone; located
half block from car line: rent $25. Apply
W. E. RUDELL. corner Fruitvale ave. and
Washington st.. one block from station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 101 6 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave.^ 410— $35} modern, new;'
rare chance. Apply at house.
OAKLAND FDRNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl"
ture. M.. Schelihaas.il th »t.. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisings.
--JL l 5£ o^L. F - o 5>~ H i^?5 : ke epinq.^
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; connecting; reas. :no chdn.
EDDY, 606 — Large back parlor; running water;
furnished for housekeeping.
HAIQHT. 222—3 nicely furnished housekeep-
lng rooms for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4. 7-9 p. m. 1
HAIGHT. S22 — 2 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $18.
HOWARD. 547 — Housekeeping- rooms; also
single. 75c per week and up.
HOWARD. 1054 — Pleasant housekeeping rooms;
also tingle rooms for gentlemen.
HOWARD. 1971 — Young couple will rent part
of flat, furnished; new and modern; cheap to
- right party; young couple preferred.
JESSIE. 333 — Large, aunny, front parlor; fur-
. nlshed; gas range; $3 50 week; other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN.1007. cor.Post— The Craghurn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop.; rms. .single & hkpg.apartments.
MCALLISTER, G83 — 2 large unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. $18; also 2 parlors, $20.
OAK. 117' 538 McAllister— Rooms, complets;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 61— Regular kitchen, bedroom
parlor: new up-to-date flat: adults; refs.
BHOTWELL. 121 — 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $14; no children; no ob-
jection^ o Infant.
SIXTH, 255— Sunny housekeeping rooms, single
or en suite.
'THIRTEENTH. 189. corner Of Howard— Suite
of rooms furnished for housekeeping; $15.
¦'-PAJtTMEErr HOTTSES.
ET. CECILE 115 Fell above Van Ness ar*.—
The acme or perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments. . with private
baths, steam heat, elec. light, elev.. gas range.
ST. LOUIS, 1B7D Jackson st Modern 3-4- J
rooms; turn, or unTurn.; refs. TeL Eait 1380.
noOMS TO LET — Fara. snd I'ntars.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or So. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1, $1 5O night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 142S Market (old No. y 1364>— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1309. near Larkln — Furnished front
room for gentleman; first floor; clothes closet;
phone.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
FRANKLIN, 721, near O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for 2. $12
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading- rm.
GOUGH. 1120, near CFarrsll— Warm, sunny
rooms; fine board; $13 and $20; gentlemen.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE. 363. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms. $3, $6. $7 per month.
JONES. 919 — A comfortable sunny room; all
conveniences; gentlemen.
HARKET. 1004. third floor— To let. front and
back rooms. $2 and $1 50 a week.
MARKET. 104ft A. The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
I hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
' NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
' ons or two person*.
POST. «©.~nea7~Hyds— Large turnlshsd front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms p«r night. 33c to $1 50; week, $3
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SILVER. 21A— Nice front, sunny room. j
SIXTH. 240 H— Furnished rooms, day. week or
month: location central and reasonable.
STANYAN, 810 — Sunny front and other rooms:
also housekeeping; facing G. G. Park.
STOCKTON. 41-45— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms: $1 50. $2 50, $3
week.
THE ST. KATHR-SN.
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS -SUNNIEST AND CLF.ANEST
• ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR f-ERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free; $3 to $6 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day; electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices oa
the first floor to let; furnished rooms In suite
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
UNITED STATES, i23 Eddy, near Market — 400
¦ ooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights trio gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Uark't—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 r.O nlzht: $2 to $9 week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
I WOLF Hruse. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15<»
to $1 per night and from 60c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelyed at
Call branch office, eor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bean
epened at 1G0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
Jtooais Am> boabo.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
Ft'LLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL "THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS,
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUE3TS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MAN/ TEH.
PINE, 787— Nicely furnished rooms; select
neighborhood: home cooking; $2rt up.
VALENCIA. 936 — Sunny rccms; running water;
good board: couple or single.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new mang*t.
HOWARD, S41 A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California — Seo rooms,Iearn prices. try table
PHYSICIANS AXD Sl'UGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence*.
Io214 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG~~HIm! herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at tW7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
ea»es cured by Chinese herbs. 744-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st., tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PUBI.IO accotthtaktT
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
books kept for firms or corporations who do
not desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J, R. DAY. public ac-
countant. r. 609 Mills bd'g.. phone Main 592:
' VIATX
MOTHERS' and daughters' horn* treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings, Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the nix
months ending June 20. 1904, dividends have
been declared on deposits In the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 44
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20. 1904. The "Phoe.
' nix" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
a total paid In capital of $1*200.000, Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watkins, presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentlss Smith, treasurer; Georga C. Board-
man, director; Gavin McNab. director;
Charles E. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco, at a regular meeting
of the board of directors of this bank, held
July 5. 1004, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1904. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent p«r annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th lnst.; transfer'
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
lnst., both days Inclusive.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 6. 1904.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 10O4. dividends have been declared
en deposits In the savings department of thia
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on an 4
after Friday. July 1. l»04.
J. DAL2ELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
Ing June 30, liMM. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
Dividend notice— The Giant ' Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. No. 67,' of fifty cents (50c) per
share on the issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202. 204 and 20C Hay-
ward bids.. San Francisco, on July 11. 1904.
Transfer books close July 5. 1904 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 5. 1904.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. August 4, 1004, for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts In this depart-
ment, for year ending June 30, 10C3. Infor-
mation 'furnished here or by quartermasters
at posts. U. S. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
. thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Forage and
Bedding at— " addressed F. Q. HODG-
SON, C. Q. M.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
BWASTfKD — 4 cooks, no wash, city and coun-
try. $4^: 19 cooks, no wash, some plain
wash, ciry and country. $30 and $33; 2 flrst-
cla»c aur»<"*-. $25; 13 waitresses, city and
country. 525; chambermaid and laundress,
?25; second jlrl. $30; North German nurse.
5^5; Crrrr.&r. upstairs girt. J25; Protestant
second girl. $25; 42 girls for very nice hous-*-
work places in city ar.d near by towas, $25
and Oa See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
S'lttcr «t.
U A — FIRST-CLASS Jroner for country hotel. $40
board rti(J room; also 4 other ironers, $35
1 * nr^t Tcvr-,6: we proprietor here. MISS
I'LUNKLTT. 425 Eutter St.. near PowelL
jt 1° HOTEL waitresses, free fare and $25. for
Capltola and Santa Crut; call early. C. R.
!HANPEN. «2a Bush et.
\ WAITRESS, first-class cummer resort; $28;
paid. ANDRES. 317 Stockton et.
A MATURE stenographer wanted; applicant
mart be experienced in taking dictation and
in »reed; salary $40. with suitable Increase
after one rear tf proving satisfactory; hours,
* rrooa «:S0 to 12 sod 1 to 5:30; please give
full particulars about prerlou* experience ana
etste age.
Afifirees A. FCHTLUNO & CO..
Folaoci aad Seoocd eta,
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng.
tnar.Scurir.g. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
" in 2 weekr; tuition $5 to these entering now;
5 poeitlor.s to fill immexiiately; positions
rcarantee4 at $10 per week up; leading
t-rt-.oni in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fail sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmers,
falee!a£les. etc.. guaranteed at $10perwk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. IS.
Ha'rdresslcg, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ni*r.t, hair work, removal superfluous ..air: $3 2
wk* : <!sy. e're. das*: positions aecured. highest
•»**es. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
.WOMEN and fMs for CANNTICO ar.d CUT-
TING fruit. California Canneries CO., 423
Branran rt.
EXPERIENCED ealetCeSy wasted for books)
•Jnd stationery. Apply auperlntendent's of-
fice, the Emporium.
WRAPPERS wanted: nore but experienced
re*d apply. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Msrket ft.
EXPERIENCED salesgirls fcr all departments.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market St.
WANTED — Exrerienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
GIRL or lady to care 2 children; $S; good
home. 2021 Folsom rt.
A GIRL for general housework and to assist
in the store. 637 Rroadway.
¦GIRL to learn office work. X-ray and surjrical
nursing; p.o ray until deserving. Box 3249, Call.
WANTED— For Mcnlo Park, good cook, Ger-
man rr Scandinavian; no washing; very little
housework. Partlr.. call Fri.. 2f.21 Devisadero.
WANTED — Girl to do freneral housewcrk; $15
month. IMS Geary en.
WANTED— Lady who understands music;
t-slary $r«X> per year; first-clabs references
required; university society. Bex 1433, Call.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery St. .S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, snbscriptlcns recelve<J~at
Ca!l branch office.cor.Duncan and Church sta
A BRANCH cfnee of The Call for the reception
ct advertisements and subscriptions has been
f-per.ed. at inos Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Qr>-n until 11 »>. m.
HELP \V A.\ TED MMIrK.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'V! .TjCmp" Agent's"
42» Bush St.— *A2 Clay st
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Murkers. $75.
laborers. $75.
Teamsters. £75.
Drillers. ?1X>.
Concrete mixer*. $75.
Teamster?. Clark's new Fait Lake Railroad
in Southern California, near Los Angeles
»CO; racial rate fare. $4 65.
<~arr»«er who can frame and put timber
1 : i day.
V.atformaker who understands repairing
lnpTir.* wheels. $3 50 a day.
Gar.R edger for a logging camp. $3 a day.
Tall edger for a logging camp, $2 10 $2 25
a day.
8 farmers, same ranch, $30.
WoodehOTPers, 71 25 a cord.
Wan fo r coal yard, country. $2 a day.
Waiter, first-class resort. Lake "fa hoe $2.1
Frond cock, country hotel $50.
£*-cond cook. city. $50.
2 waiters, same place, city, $35.
Porters, cltr. $30. $40: waiter country $40
C. R HANSEN & CO Emp. Ag-nts.
423 H-jfh Ft 642 Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCT.
14 Third st.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Nevada — V. S. Government work; 50 teara-
r:ers. $2 w> a day: 50 concrete men. $2 50 a
day; M laborers. $2 50 a day; 50 tunne'.men
e.nd drillers. $3 12 a day; free fare. We ship
t<-. Florence. Arizona; 100 teamster* and la-
borers, i. to $n a day; screw turner $85- S
lumber pliers. $40 and found; board puller.
145 and found; tall e<?rerman. $40 and found-
offbearer. $40 and found; 5 woodchoppers'
Tine, tools advanced. 4 foot, $1 25 per cord";
lumber grader, rugar pine. $3 a day; 2 car-
tenters, city. 8 hours, $4; 2 spooltenders.
$r»5 and found.
AT HORD & EMITH'S.
Ontraetcrs* Arents, »5 Third st.
Fto<-kman, Polano County. f50 and found.
Pus boy. suburban hotel, $25 and foucd.
Laborers to help carpenters, city, $2 25
FtaWeman, city, $00.
Marker and distributor, hotel laundry, good
Nevada — Ship to-day.
Arizona — Ship to-day.
Boothw California— Phip to-day.
CIRCULAR sawyer, $100 and board; screw
turner, $50 s_nd board: 3 carpenters $4 day
rhirt roiirher.' $2 f/> day and fare paid;
farmer and milker; 2 men about place. $25
and $30 and found; stableman. $55- as-
sistant gardener. $25 and found; boarding-
house cook, $4S: second lunch mar. $45;
•waiter and wife. $r»0 and found; hotel waiter.
$'Jfi and found: and ethers. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C2«, Sacramento st.
A —AMERICAN HMrWYMENT BUREAU,
<M2 Cotr.nverrial st.. near Kearny.
Phore Bu»h 83:t. JOHN L. DREC1IKLER.
Traction ecgineer, long Job. $3 day fd. ; 3
carpenters, rcrth. $S0 fd.; 2 carpenters, co.
work. $75 fd.; 2 carpenters, $3 25; 20 men.
Monterey Mountains, $2 25 ,to $2 50 day; 10
rr.en. r-ijvMne, $45 fd. : 125 yard, mill and
woods men; 10 farmers and milkers; 20
Italian laborer*, board themselves.
P.HD CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY]
602 Clay St.; phone James 2476.
70 laborers in mountains. $2 25 day.
2 rlprsw men. box factory, $2 70 day.
2 r»saw men, box factory. $3 day.
NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teatr.tters, Crillers. muckers, laborers, $2 to
t2 «W day.
A — HOTEL OAZETTB, 56 Montgomery st., r 12
— Oarde^or for resort. $40; cook. $40.
"WANTED— Firrt-clays wa*h goods salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.*
WANTED — Toung man for dress goods depart-
ment to ro \o a city not far from San Ftan-
£•">•_ A r > :'y between 0 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROE/
WANTED— Experienced crockery and glass
*are ranker Apply between 0 and 11a.m.
¦ t HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Ycur.R man from 16 to 18 years of
«pe lor offW work. Apply between 9 and
11 a. tn. at HALK BROS.'
PTAgitaw* — Experienced male stenographer,
bookkeeper and reneraj office clerk; surety
bond required; rrliable corporaUon. Apply
:n own hand writing, box 3244. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to position*, salaries, age limits, etc.: day
or evenings
RELIABLE man can have steady employment;
can make $20 a week. Call 1118 Market et.
room 1.
WANTED— 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade:
steady work; no night or Sunday work- S°5
security net-ded. Apply 3lQi^ Folgom. cps'tairs
EARDER for Saturday . and Sunday 44
O'Farrell st. **-.•
E»RnER for Saturday and Sunday 1050
Howard st. :%•.'-'.,
GOOD barber Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
1C43 Polk st. ,v .
GOOD barber wanted; call at once. 701A
Mission rt.
2 CHAIR barber «hop; price $75; rood busl-
dpsi: on trial. 13C3 Castro st.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop fcr sale; no rea»
•onable offer refused. 1030 Valencia st,
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy domestic, men's
furcishinx s&lcem&n. Box 1540. IOCS Market.
HELP WANTED — MALE—Contlnued,
A— MURRAYXREADYr634-e30 CLAY ST.
Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French. Italian. Scan-
dinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and Dan-
ish languages.
l»03 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
tO.KO Men Work. Increase 80,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government.
Work being done close to Wadsworth.
in State of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to all, to you.
Muckers, $75.
Tfamste.rs, $75.
1 y*i h*"*r<"r s , ? t o.
Drillers. $90.
Concrete mixers, $75.
Call early; see representative at our Office;
first-class food and accommodations; steady
Jobs.
_ i
SANTA FE R. R.
1050 Miles. • FLORENCE. $10 50.
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. « 8 p. tn. daily.
Prillers. $3 to $3 60. Center
Teamsters $2 to $2 50. of
Laborers. $2 to $2 60. Great Mines.
TO LOS ANOELE8.
Every day; big wages.
655 Teamsters.
$80 Month for You.
Fare hy Railroad— Only— $4 60.
Office Fee $1— That's All.
COOKS.
8 cooks, boarding hotels, $40 and $55 found.
Tamale maker, country Job, $40 and found.
4 filsh and pot washers. $25 and $30 found.
Bedmaker. country hoteU $22 50 found.
WAITERS.
2 waiters, commercial hotel, south. $30 fd.
Waiters, fare $2. same place, $48 found.
Walter, first -claes city hotel. $35 found.
Waiter. $1 75 fare, $8 week and found.
3 waiters, city hotel*. S. F.. $30 found.
5 porters and bellboys.
LAUNDRY HELP.
Sleeve lroner. country, fare $1 25, $8 week.
Body lroner. country, fare $1 25, $10 week.
Polishers, irofiere. —
lroner. polisher, country, fare $1 25. $15 wk.
lroner. $12 week: mangle hand. $10 week.
Man fcr second -hand furniture store, $60 to
$100. "
MECHANICAL.
2 wool pullers Washington Stats, fare paid,
$75.
i Carpenter and cabinet-maker, stair builder,
city $4 <?ay.
( ENGINEER. $2 day and found.
2 carpenters, fare 70c, factory. $3 day.
Plasterer, $5 day.
Phingle Jointer. L. Co., Eonoma Co., $30. $35
found.
Ironmolder. fare $1. foundry. $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers $4 day. country.
CARPENTERS.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare SKK-. $4 day
LUMBER. ETC.
Oxen teamster, fare $2 50, $50 found.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber com-
paay.
•jrader. lumber company, north. $90.
Tall edgerman, fare $3. $2 25 day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company.
?pool tender, lumber company, south. $50 fd.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
' sash ar.d doer hands, $3 50 day.
2 lumber graders, boss here, $90.
Lumber grader. boM here. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $40 and found.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, $75.
3 men make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here. $50 found: 2 screw turners:
2 carriaec setters; hook tender; 5 shingle
packers; sticker hand.
155 Woodehoppers.
153 Tie and Picket Makers.
Tool*, rrr-vlslons. all found: good prices.
6 hand miners, mine, southeast, $S2 50.
Boy. learn cabinet trade, city. $4 week.
German choreman. private residence, $30 fd.
German chorehoy. 3iv .fare, ranch, $15 fd
Laborer, do a little butchering, mine, $32 50
and found.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $35 and found.
12 farmers, $30 and found.
1-T choremen, boys: $30 to $15 and found.
12 stablemen. J.tO and found $«0 $75.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and team?t°rn. ?2 and $2 25 day.
12 laborers for mines, ycnj'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County.
$r>o and found.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $50, $60 and found.
FOR A MINE.
fhoreman and wife, German or French, $60
and found.
MURRAY * READY. fi.14-<S.1« Clay *t.
PAN BERNARDINO COUNTY.
12 TEAMSTERS. 2 horxes. $2 day.
Near Remand*. Highlands and Riverside.
Oranges and lemon* grown year round.
Baker, shop, fnre 3<V. *12 week.
Solicitor, city More. $50. %
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st. v
GREEKS OR ITALIANS
55 LABORERS for Los Angeles. $l 75 day.
board yourselves.
MURRAY & READY. 634-639 Clay *t.
2 CARPENTERS, warehouse work, fare $1.
$3 50 day.
Carpenter, house work, fare 50c. $3 50 day.
Rough painter, roofs, $2 50 day.
Donkeyman for woods, fare $2. $65 found.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $1.
TO THE SPRINGS.
2 waiters for springs hotel. $25 and found.
2 porters, first-class city hotels, S25 found.
Walter, city. $40 fourth; bellboy $10 found.
LOOK.
5 hay biler*. I7c ton. Junior Monarch.
P.rick wheeler, south fare $3. $2 25 day.
2 tr.ilker?. fare $3. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Yountr man to work about two
hours a <*ay. Address box 3240. Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. Park Hotel. 26 Turk
street.
WANTED— A boy 16 or 17»years old for gro-
cery ar.d bar. 2126 Greenwich St.
MAN or woman to wash napkins In bakery.
612 Kearny st.
EHINGLERS wanted nt Twenty-seventh ave.
and Clement st.. Richmond.
WANTED — WaKer. small restaurant. 108
Hayes st.
__
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
«>lRht weeks lequlred: position* secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Cr.yne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houm
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25e to 50c per night.
TWO young men and two young ladles, agents
for rapid selling article; big money. 214 I*ine
et.. room 20, 11 to 12 o'clock.
CARD writei — Good business opportunity In a
city near Ean Francisco awaits a sober, ln-
i dustrlous card writer. Address box 3210, Call.
WANTED— 250 men to try the cleanest and
roost comfortable lodging- house In city. 10c
to 25c "The Best." 607 California st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. II 3d st.. Exam. bid.
ALL around tailor for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Eutter St.
BOY 16 years old to feed Job press. EDWARD
r KNOWLE3 COMPANY.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 519
Filbert St.
GOOD clerk for grocery store: German pre-
ferred. HOFFMAN BROS.. 24th and Church.
WA^D- Carriage painters at Oakland Car-
riage Manufactory. 336 Telegraph ave.
FOR rent— Nice, neat barber shop! inquire
Gem Grocery. 500 Shotwell st.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition In 8. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
HAIGHT teaches the barber trade free at 647
Commercial sL
A £ r £?£ bI * outIn *: P |ck «OP« In August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st..S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 415.
SAILORS and your.g men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart
PE^T» 10^ At Jr-.«-A.Bullls, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A £ V £ n . TIS1 i ME ? ;TS ¦ul>»criPtlon« recelyed at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
gssr*«a i? 0^^' 1 »*•• opp " u « F " th -
ALL sixes men's tshoee, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your "hoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
THAN ANY OTHER nCDIUH .o VE^ lsING IN SAN fRANCISCO
SPECIAL XOTICgfl.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st.. San Franctsco.
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. 1904: Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 months; Raba Rob-
inson. 11 years 4 months; Juanita Wals-
worth. 10 years 5 months; May Wilt worth.
8 years 11 months: Vlclen Dunkle. 13 years;
Alleen Dunkls. 5 years 3 months; DorU
. Dunkle. 3 years 10 months: Haxel B. Wells.
8 years 7 months: Emelle Delange. 4 years J
months: Maria Grunn. 7 years 0 month*:
Nellie Conoley. 9 years 4 months: Helen
Conoley. 3 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Seeves, 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves. 10 years
7 months.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Hatxht
street from April 1. 1904. to July 1. 1904:
Nellie Armstrong. 12 years 9 months: Sarah
Ellen Johnson. S years 2 menths: Marguerite
Campbell. 10 years: Lillian Postell. 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 years 6 months;
Frederick Johnson, 10 years 8 menths.
SUSAN UUSSELL S POTTS. Secretary.
SEWIXG .MACH1XES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; but
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Dom»s-
tic efflce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ass-
chines : slightly used: $10. $13. $20; second-
.hand. $3. $3. $8: all styles; guaranteed. N»w
Howe Sewing Machine Co.. 1081 Markat »t.
! AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
racking, shipping warehouse. O. O. and V«n
Ness: office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage Sk Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant tSt,
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 8 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PTERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., nt-
fice Post and Powell sts.: teJ. Prt. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfass.
PACIFIC Stnrag- and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.. tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
T ¥ P II W JtlutitiS AJTD S U PPX.IES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters st
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, lid Mont-
gomery s*.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspee. Co.. 608 Market.
STITTERnG AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness A Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. ; private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2tgtt from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LJCEN'SES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday:
Edward W. Hatfield. SO Oakland, and Mar-
garet Mulkeen. 25. Oakland.
John Petkovlch. 34, city, and Kata LeJ*.
26, city.
John W. Bradley, 21. city, and Annie Flrnon.
21. city.
John F. Jon's, 57, C06 Putter street, and
Susan L. Griffin, 3*. £T..J Sacramento street.
Jacob J. Verkouteren. 46. 911 Webster street,
and Olive G. Verkouteren, 44. 911 Webster.
B'rnhard G. Kobitzsch. 23.- city, and Mil-
divd Patrick. 25. city.
William N. Ricks. 27. S07 Sutter street, and
Charlotte E. Davis. 24, 33 John street. -
C II. Alexander Nielsen. 22. city, and Eliza-
beth J. E. Malmedy. 19. city.
John 8. Johnson. 44. Vlsalla, and Olga
Woerner. 26, Oakland.
Alexander Edwards, 44. 9 Bowie avenue,
and Mary King. ."S. 188 Clara street.
John L. Howard Jr.. 21. Oakland, and Edith
S. Norcro?s. 18. H23 Washington stpeet.
Katsuklchl Honda. 41. 523 Dupont street.
and Kiml Yokoyama. 20. Yokohama. Japan.
" BlRM-MARBIAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorse with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once la thla eolumn
free of charge.
BOR.V.
BRUECKER— In this city. July 7. l»04. to
the wife of C. D. Bruecker, a son.
RHODES— In this city. July 7. 1904. to the
wife of O. O. Rhodes of Palo Alto, a son.
SMITH— In this city. June 27. 1904, to the
wife of Dr. R. W. Smith, a son.
MARRIED.
CLARK— NUNAN— In Oakland. June 19, 1904.
by the Rev. S. O. Gale. Waldo W. Clarlc
and Margaret J. Nunan.
COONEY — COFFEY— In thia city. July 7.
19O4. by the Rev. Father Hannlgan of St.
Mary's Cathedral. John P. Cooney and Cath-
erine Coffey. both of thl» city.
DEAN— FRAUEN— In this city July 6. 1904.
by the R*v. J. George Gibson, Stephen G.
Dean and Martha A. B. Frauen. both of this
city.
DIED.
Barret-Lyons. Sabina Lamoth*. Eliza
Bohns. Eleannre A. Lycett Annie
Branstetter. Mrs. M. McIIalfle. Emeat
Bremer, Magcialena Michael. Dr. A-lolph
Bresnan, Hanora Meyer Anna, A.
Childs. Jennie C. Montleth. George W.
Coffey, John Norton, Bridget '
Cotter. Mary E. O'Bryen, Edward P.
Cunningham. Claire Ortega. Rose
Dennis, Anthony D. Phillips. Margaret
Doyle. Ella A. Scales. Amanda
Everett. William Shaw Edward J.
Fallon. Michael Sutton. Evelyn H.
Hartsough. Mary S. Tocmey Elizabeth
Hayes. Patrick Weedauf. Peter
Istel. Soshla - Wolleaon, ChriaMne
Lachman, Ernestine
BARRET-LYONS— In this city. July «. 1904.
Sabina, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Barret, and mother of William and Jenni*
Lyons and the late John J. Lyons, a native
of County Galway, Ireland, aged 63 year*.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from her late residence.
4079 Nineteenth street, near Castro, theme
to the Church ot the Most Holy Redeemer,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9:3d
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOHNS— In Alameda. July 7. 1UO4. Eleanore
A., beloved daughter of Louts and Cmn.i
Bohns. and sister of Emll. Charlotte. John
and Eddie Bnhr.s. a native of San Francisco,
aged 15 years 11 months and 23 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday July 9. at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. 1039 Santa Clara avenue. Alameda.
Interment Mountain- View Cemetery.
BRANSTETTER— In Ferndale. Humboldt
County, June "3 1901. Margaret Richmond
Branstetter. wife of Walter Branstetter. an<l
- mother of LJnyd. Mattland. Helen. Raymond,
and Emorv Brar.stettfr. and alhter of Mrs.
W. B. Alford of Ferndale, T. W. Richmond
of Eureka and William Richmond of Bay-
side, a native of California, aged 40 years
6 months and 2 days.
BREMER— In Alameda. July 8 19O4. at her
residence. 823 Central avenue. Magdelena,
beloved wife of the late Christian Bremer.
and mother of- Agnes D. and the late C. H.
Bremer. a native of Holsteln, Germany,
aged CS years 4 months and 10 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence. 823
Central avenue. Alameda. Interment private.
BRESNAN— In Vallejo. July 7. 1904. nanora.
relict of the late John Itresnan, and mother
of John, Correllus and Michael Gresnan and,
Mrs. Joseph Simpson, a na.ttve of the parish
of Hospital. County Limerick. Ireland, aged
$7 years. ' r —
CHILDS— In this city. July 7. 1904. Jennie C.
beloved wife of Dr. B. M. Childs. and,
daughter of Thomas- and Fannie Wheaton.
and sister of Mrs. Dr. E. C. Lnve. a nativa
of Ean Francisco, aged 34 years tf months
and 21 days.
COFFEY— In this city. July 4. 1304, Jon*
Coffey, brother of James Ccffey of Net*
York, a native of New York, aged 24 year*
10 months and 18 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors ot
the United Undertakers, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will b*
celebrated for the repose of his soul at V
a. ra. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COTTER— In this city. July «. 1904. Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Richard J. Cot-
ter, daughter of Catherine and the late John
Hanlon. and sister of Mrs. William Forester.
.Mri. John W. Keller and Edward and Joha
Hanlon. a native of Trinity County. CaL
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend , the funeral Friday.
Continued on Pa^o Fourteen,Two new bridges are to be built over
the I Neva River at St. Petersburg.
The sum of $58,000 was paid for the
last seat bought on the New- York
Stock Exchange.. A few months ago
these seats brought about $80,000. This
slump in the price of exchange seats
is eloquent of the dullness in stock
dealings. Two years ago it was so
common for 1,000,000 shares to change
hands in a day that no comment was
made on it. Now if 1,000,000 shares of
stock should be dealt in on the New
York Exchange in a week Wall Street
would hug Itself for joy. Some "wire"
houses have gone out of business,
many have discontinued a large" num
ber of branch offices, and many are
conducting their business at a loss. —
'Washington Star.
Dullness in Wall Street.
Thursday. July 7.
Tugr Sea King, Rasmussen, 11 hour* from
Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— Sailed July 7— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 7— Etmr Olympia.
from Nome: stmr Cottage City, from Skagway.
ABERDEEN — Sailed July 7 — Stmr Coronado,
for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Umatllla,
hence July 5. , *•
Amelia Stead to Anna D. Joost. lot on W .cor
ner D«> Wolf and Sherman streets. NW 100 by
SW 150. lots 1 to 6, Sears' subdivision West
End map 2; $455.
Kstate of Thomas Douldln (by Edward B.
Church, executor) to same, same; $455.
Anna D. Joost to McEwen l'ros., lot on W
corner of 1_>p Wolf and Sherman ntreetB. NW
100 by SW 15U. Scars' subdivision, j block 6,
West End map "I; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Domenico and G. B. BaclRalupi (owners)
with Forbos & LJruestle (contractors), architect
J. A. Porporato — All work except concrete
work, shades and Kas fixtures for alterations
and addition* to make a two-story frame build
ing on S line of Point Loboa avenue, 100 W
of Collins street, W '2h by S 125; J2TH2 50.
E. M Devoto and A. Tassl (owners) with
Robert Trost (contractor), architect H. Hess —
All work except plumbing and p^; fitting,
painting, tinting, electrical work, llnlshod hard
ware, parlor mantels, gas and electric chan
deliers and Bhadfrs for a three-story frame,
building (three flats) on NW corner of Gough
and Union streets, W 30 by N 87:6; $7200.
Leon Kauffrnan (owner) with E. T. Lelter
(contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews — All
work for a two-story brick and frame building
on N* line of Washington street. 165:6 W of
SpruceMV 02:6 by N 127 :3U; $21,879.
Houghton Sawyer (owner) with Currie &
Currie (contractors), plans by owner — All work
for alterations and addition?) to fifth floor Wen
ban building. COti Sutter street: $1180.
Benjamin M. Gunn (owner) with Thomas
Kcmble (contractor), architect . William H.
Wllloox— Alterations and additions to brick
building on lot on NE corner of Bush and
Btlden streets. E 57:0 by N 77: $:!500.
Robert H. Wetmore (owner) with W. II.
B3gge (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for a two-story and basement- frame residence
on lot on W line of Clayton ftreet, 50 S of
Frederick. R 25 by N 100; $3000.
A. B. and Ella M. Goff (owners) with
Schmltt & Constable (contractors), architect
C. H. Skidmore — All work for alterations and
additions to a two-story frame building- on
lot on N line of Fell street. 178:6 W of Van
»gs avenue. W 22:11 by N 120, Western
Addition 73; S3400.
Victor L. Podeeta (owner) with G. & D
Ratto (contractors), architects P. Rlghettl and
E. H. Kuhl— All work for a three-story frame
building on lot on N line of Filbert street.
87 :« W of Stockton. 25 by 02:6: $7500.
Lus Cooper (owner) with Brutcher & Serna
(contractors), architect Theo W. L«nzen — Lum
ber, carpenter work. etc.. to floors and roof of
new part of ground floor in front of present
building, floor joists and roof, framing of en
trance hall of main building, stairs and parti
tions, etc., for building now on premises "at
123 Mason street and for new building adjoin
ing on W elde of. Mason street, between Eddy
and Ellis; $1850.
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum - (owners)
with J. V. Campbell' (contractor), "architect
Charles J. I. Devlin — All work for a one-story
frame building and windmill , tower on NW
corner of Barneveld and Gaven streets, W COO
N 39. E C03.18.-S' 101; S2030.
Anton N. . Batchla (owner) with Charles J.
U. Koenlg (contractor*", architect : T. > Paterson
Ross— All work for a three-story and basement
frame building (flats) on S line of McAllister
; street. 150 E- of Lyon. E 25 by S 137:6. West
• trn Addition 502; $7313.
The dropping of young fruit is
not due to insect pests, as it Is popu
larly supposed. More often it is be
cause of the fact that many varieties
of fruits are not self-fertile and the
blossoms require the contact of the
pollen of other varieties before they
will mature fruit. Not getting this
pollen, many fruit trees do not be?*r
at all or very much. The same trees
treated by the new methods of graft
ing and planting will often bear large
fruit and plenty of it. — Country Life
in America.
Why Fruit Trees Fail.
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
To use a camera in the southern
island towns means its polite but Im
mediate conflscat'on and a punish
ment by fine. By great courtesy, a
display of passports and a proper de
gree of self-reproach for having igno
rantly disobeyed the laws you may, at
the end of twenty-four hours, secure
the return of the camera, minus the
roll of films. So strict is the camera
regulation at fortified ports that an
Knglish lady who took a picture of
the captain on the bridge of one of
the vessels in the harbor of Mojl was
approached several hours later by
a member of the harbor police and
asked to deliver up her camera. Pro
tests were useless and the camera
was taken ashore, the films probably
developed, as they were never re
turned, and the camera was sent back
the following day.
On another occasion a traveler who
opened up a small pocket camera in
the streets of Shimonosekl was
promptly piloted to the station house,
violently protesting that he had done
no wrong and that he had not at
tempted to take any photographs of
fortifications nor soldiers. The diminu
tive and quiet captain of police, who
spoke English brokenly, remarked,
solemnly, "We will see." and the
tourist waited four hours while they
saw. At the expiration of this time
he returned and said, "What you said
was true, hue we shall, notwithstand
ing, be obliged to punish you with the
extreme severity of the. law in this
case. You have photographed no
fortifications or soldiers,' but you have
committed a crime", — and, while the
trembling culprit blanched in terror,
he finished — "and your fine will be
SO sen" (40 cents). — Harper's Weekly.
The Mikado's People Are Taking No
Chances, but Stop All Possible
Leaks.
CAMERAS BARRED IN JAPAN
BY MILITARY AUTHORITIES
A little girl' who made frequent use
of the word "guess" was one day re
proved for it by her teacher, who said:
"Don't say 'guess,' Mary, say 'pre
sume.' "
A few days later one of Mary's
friends, coming up to her, remarked:
"I think your cape is very pretty, and
my mother wants your mother to lend
her the pattern, because she Is going to
make me one like it."
"My mother has no pattern," was the
prompt reply, "she cut It by presume."
— New York Globe.
She Learned the Lesson.
Mr. Ware's assurance that the Pen
sion Bureau is a fountain of pellucid
8quirtiferous joy will be readily as
sented to. It must be very joyous to
preside at a fountain of illimitable
millions of other people's money and
to squirt it out in fructifying streams
to irrigate the peanut fields of the man
who confided to him this important
post at the fountain. Truly, there is
a great difference between the Pie
rian spring from which Mr. Ware was
formerly wont to drink and the pel
lucid fountain from which he now
squirts.— Louisville Courier Journal.
Pellucid and Squirtifcrous.
It is quite possible for any one to
own a forest of miniature oaks, which
may be grown even without the aid of
soil. In order to rear a miniature for
est procure a shallow dish and cover
the base of it with moss an inch
thick. Then set a number of good
acorns in rows about two inches apart
and a perfect little forest of oak trees
can be raised. The moss" must al
ways be kept very moist and the
acorns will begin to grow in the
spring. By June or July they will
have raised themselves six or eight
inches high and will form a charming
sight for any lover of trees. — New
York Commercial,
Miniature Forest of Oaks.
An oiled tissue paper, which is as
tough as writing paper, can be had at
the stationers for wrapping up delicate
articles. Grain and meal sacks are al
most always made of -bark paper in
Japan, for it is not easily penetrated
by weevils and other insects. But per
haps the most remarkable of all the
papers which find a common use in the
Japanese household are the leather pa
pers of which the tobacco pouches and
pipe cases are made. They are almost
as tough as French kid. so translucent
that one can nearly see through them,
and as pliable and soft as calfskin. The
material of which they are made is as
thick ap cardboard, but as flexible as
kid.— Geographic Magazine.
Their oiled papers are astonishingly
cheap and durable. As a cover for his
load of tea when a rainstorm overtakes
him the Japanese farmer spreads over
if a tough, pliable cover of oiled paper,
which is almost as Impervious as tar
paulin and as light as gossamer. He
has doubtless carried this cover for
years, neatly packed away somewhere
about his cart. The "rikisha" coolies
in the large cities wear rain mantles
of this oiled paper, which cost less than
IS cents and last for a year or more
with constant use.
From the bark of trees and shrubs
the Japanese make scores of papers,
which are far ahead of ours. The walls
of the Japanese houses are wooden
frames covered with thin paper, which
keeps out the wind, but lets in the
light, and when one compares these
paper-walled "doll houses" with the
gloomy bamboo cabins of the inhab
itants of the island of s Java or the
small-windowed huts of our forefathers
one realizes that, without glass and in
a rainy climate, these ingenious people
have solved in a remarkable way the
problem of lighting their dwellings and,
at least In a measure, of keeping out
the cold.
Treated With Oils Stuff Becomes
Translucent and Waterproof and
Yet Remains Light.
VARIOUS MATERIALS USED
FOR JAPANESE PAPERS
The rapid destruction of the forests
of the United States, especially in the
Eastern portions, with the consequent
Interference with the water supply,
change In climate, etc., has for some
years been a matter of serious con
cern to the thoughtful citizen. A re
cent article by Dr. Henry Kraemer
emphasizes an aspect of this question
that is of particular interest to the
medical profession. This writer states
that if the present rate of gathering
of native herbs and drugs continues
for ten years it is probable that our
principal medicinal plants will be well
nigh exterminated unless measures
be taken either to conserve or cultivate
them. Inquiries indicate that some of
our well known plants are already
nearly exterminated. Among these are
spigelia, serpentaria, senega and cyp
ripedium. The possibility of improv
ing plants by selection and cultivation,
as has been done with coca and cin
chona, is an incentive to their study,
but of greater importance is a knowl
edge of the peculiar requirements of
each in order that they may be cul
tivated if this should be necessary to
insure their perpetuity. The follow
ing classification is given: Cultivated
medicinal plants in the United States,
190; wild Indigenous or neutralized,
178; foreign plants that might be cul
tivated, 56; foreign plants uncertain
as to cultivation, 75. This shows that
approximately three-fourths of all
medicinal plants are growing wild or
in cultivation in this country and that
of the remaining one-fourth probably
one-half could be grown here. The
article in question is very pertinent
and timely and should be brought to
the attention of not only physicians,
but also nurserymen and ; the laity,
who primarily must take the matter
in hand. — American Medicine.
At Present Rate of Gathering Princi
pal Plants Will Be Extinct
in Ten Years.
BETTER CONSERVATION
OF MEDICINAI; PliANTS
There are in Rome nine orphan asy
lums which accommodate about 1800
children, ranging from three to six
years. Those of three or four years
must learn all the alphabet and to read
the simplest books, they must know the
Arabic numbers and to count up to 100,
besides which they must learn poetry
and prose by heart and imbibe religious
precepts. Those from four to five years
must read and write well, count un
limited thousands and do sums, besides
knowing their catechism and Bible, the
divisions of time, the parts of the bpdy,
the senses, some geography and as
tronomy, to say nothing of many other
details too numerous to mention. Then
come those between five and six— if
they arrive at that age. They must
read and write fluently, and learn by
heart the greater part of the New and
Old Testaments, write dictation and
have some idea of geometry and Ro
man history. At six years of age! The
brain reels at the idea. What mu3t
the poor mites grow up to be?— Pall
Mall Gazette.
Learned Italian Orphans.
DEL MONTE, July 7.— Mrs. Bessie
Gosbey, wife of Stanley Gosbey, super
intendent of the Del Monte baths, com
mitted suicide this evening by taking
cyanide of potassium. The Gosbeys
were divorced a few weeks ago, and
Gosbey, In response to a telegram from
his wife, met her at the railroad depot
here this evening as she was returning
from San Francisco. Mrs. Gosbey urged
her husband to allow her to return to
him, and upon Gosbey refusing an im
mediate answer to her plea threatened
to commit suicide, at the same time
taking from a satchel a package of
cyanide of potassium. Gosbey wrested
the poison from her, but she had con
cealed three capsules of the deadly
drug upon her person, and these she
swallowed before he realized what she
was doing. Death resulted in a few
minutes.
The tragedy took place among the
trees a short distance from the railroad
depot, the couple having walked there
while discussing their matrimonial af
fairs. The deceased was about 27 years
of age, and had married Gosbey about
eight years ago.
A whisky bottle containing the ex
plosive was used to-day. Filled with
dynamite it was laid on a car rail.
There have been threats made that
every car will be blown up. A reward
of $5000 was offered to-day for the
arrest of the perpetrators. The citi
zens are greatly exercised and vigi
lance committees are being formed. All
cars are operating with armed guards.
HOUSTON, Texas, July 7.— Three
street cars have been blown up with
dynamite during the past twenty-four
hours and the riding public is terror
stricken. The depredations are charged
to streat car strikers, who have waged
a bitter but unsuccessful warfare
against the company. Two of the cars
wore blown from the tracks last night
and badly wrecked. The last explo
sion was at noon to-day and took place
near the business center. A car was
blown from the rails, the running-gear
shattered and five passengers injured,
three seriously. L». J. Barnes had a
foot blown off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Diligent in
quiries as to whether the United States
was asked by Russia or any other pow
er to inquire into England's Tibetan ex
pedition elicit no satisfactory response.
That Secretary Hay did ask the pur
pose of the expedition and that he was
Informed that England had no inten
tion of permanently occupying or forci
bly acquiring territory in Tibet is ad
mitted. The exchange of views took
place within the last month.
It has developed in this connection
that the Younghusband expedition, now
having such a tough time in its ap
proach to Lhassa, was only authorized
upon the insistence of Viceroy Curzon
and to save the pride of that official.
The whole thing started when the Vice
roy felt that the representatives of the
English Government sent to Tibet had
not been treated with proper considera
tion by the semi-barbaric people of that
country.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Citizens Are Greatly Excited
and Vigilance Committees
Are Now Being Formed
Deed Is Committed in Pres
ence of Man From Whom
She Had Been Separated
Noble Says Representatives
of England Are Not Shown
Sufficient Consideration
PASSENGEKS ARE HURT
DIES IN A FEW MINUTES
COMPLAINS OF NATIVES
Unknown Miscreants Blow
Up Crowded Street Cars
in the City of Houston
Divorcee, Whose Ex-Hus
band Eefused to Take Her
Back, Uses Deadly Drug
Viceroy of India Insists
Upon Younghusband Ex
pedition to Save His Pride
ENDS TROUBLES
WITH POISON
PUT DYNAMITE
ON THE TRACKS
WAR IN TIBET
DUE TO CURZON
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Geors* i*
Crtoete. lot on 8E corner of Fell and Frank
lin street*, E 65 by S 120; $10.
Lorenzo Cervelll to 'Virginia Cervelll, lot on
S line of Lombard atreet. 31 :S E of Buchanan,
E 3 by S 100: $10.
Joseph H. Wolf to Ellie L. Wolf, lot on E
line or Webster street. 68:9 S of Poat. S J3
by E 89:6; 910.
Andres P. and Johanna Johanae-n to Henri
etta Worsdale (wife of H.). lot on S Una of
Hermann street. 28 W of Church. S 82:8, W
27:4%. N b0:4%. E 27:6; $10.
William R. and Agnes K. Plnlay to Hen
rietta Worsdale, same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Alice
M. Swett. lot on S line of Washington street,
162:6 E of Flllmore. E 52 by S 127:8'i: $ •
Johanna Eehrendt to Carl F. A. and Arthur
A. Poetel, lot on SE corner of Union and Fill
more streets, S 34 by E 87:6; $10.
Otto C. and Paula Berser . to James M.
Cramer, lot on X line of McAllister street, 25
E of Lyon. E 25 by N' 100; $10.
Jarr.es L. Wilson to Wilhelm and Anna St.
Dlehl, lot on N line of Frederick street. 125 W
of Core, W 25 by N 100; $10.
San Francisco Commercial Agency to Wil
liam and Artia M. Diehl. same; $10.
James and Ann Connell to Thomas Twohlg.
lot on SW line of Washington avenue, 200 SE
of Mission, SE 25 by SW 66:8; $10.
William W. and Rebecca Mackay to James
and Fannie Barron. lot on SE line of Harrison
street, 65 XE of Tenth. XE 25 by SE 100;
$2450.
Charles and Katherine Wagner to James
Kearney, lot on X line of Eighteenth street,
X65 W of Church, W 27:6. N 138:9, SE 28:9,
N 128; $30.
Patrick J. Kelly to Michael McNamee. lot
on N" line of Fifteenth street, 50 W of Church,'
"Vf 25 by N 100; $10.
People's Home Savings Bank to Fernando
Nelson, lot on E line of Castro street, 76 N of
Nineteenth. N 74 by E 125; $10.
Mary C. Van Orden to Emily M. Van Orden.
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 60 W of
York. W 20 by S SO; gift.
Barah A. and Roerwell G. Wheeler to Michael
Kelleher. lot on E line of Diamond street. 165
S of Eighteenth. S 2S by E 125; $10.
Charles and Auguste Behnke to Elizabeth
and Maria Muller. lot on W line of Castro
street, 125 S of Eighteenth. S 24 by W 125; $10.
Sarah Downes to Harriett H. Moise (wife- of
L. H.) lot on NW corner of Eighteenth and
Douglass streets. W 45 by N 110; $10.
Mary Babcock to ume. lot on N line of
Qehteenth street. 45 W of Douglass. W 46 by
X 110; $10.
State of California (by Josepfa H. Scott, Tax
Collector, property assessed to the estate of
Patrick Foley) to J. J. Dow-ling, lot on S Hn«
of Francisco street, 39 E of Jones. E 19 by S
62 :C: $75.
Man' Holland to Robert J. Hancock, lot on
XW line of Minna street, 137:8 XE of Fourth.
XE 12:6 by XW 70; $10.
Man* Holland to Robert J. Hancock, lot on
XW line of Berry street. 275 SW of Fourth.
BW 46:10 by NW 120: also lot on XW line of
Irwin street. 366:8 NE of Sixth. XE 45:10 by
XW 120; also lot on SB line of Hooper street,
275 XE of Sixth. XE 45:10 by SE 120; $10.
Alice Kelly to Brffijret McCarthy, lot on X
line of Lake street. 106:6 E of Eleventh ave
nu«. E 27 by X 137:6; gift.
Orrlck and Ella X. Johnson to Eugene J.
Fontes. lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 100
X of Point Lobos avenue. X 25 by W 120: $10.
Henry G. and EsteUe Meyer to William
Watson, lot on SW corner of Clement street
and Nineteenth avenue. S ICO by W 45: *10.
Estate Adolph Sutro fby "Emma L. Merrltt,
executrix) to Margaret McWatt lot 19. outside
land block 225; $440.
Bay District Land Company to Charles J.
Benninger. lot on XE corner of Fourth avenue.
and A street. E K»:6 by X 100; $10.
Richard H. Savon* to Eugene .T. Fontes. lot
on E line of Eighth avenue, 299 X of C street,
E 120. X 25:10*-5. SW 120. S 28:9; $10.
City Rpslty Company to Lincoln E. Bernis.
lot on X line of I street. 95 E of Third, E 25
by X 110: $10.
State of California <by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector* (property assessed to P. A. Do
lan) to W. W. Wilson, lot on X line of S
street. 82:6 E of Twentieth avenue, E 50 by X
100; $50.
Jane McMnhon to Michele Mortede. let on W
line of Collins street, 150 S of Point Lobos |
avenue S 25 by W 120, block C, Juniper
Homestead: $10.
I?o and Yohe Akiyama to Tora and Robert
A. Akiyama. lots 20. 23. 24. 27. 2S and 31.
blcvk 4.1. Sunjiymde: Rift.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to Jos
ephine F Vaune, lots 757 and 75? gift map 3;
$lf>. ' ;
Julius C Reis to Emil Kaufman, lots 29 and I
30. Mock 13. Rels Tract; grant.
John J. Bonner* to A. S. Groth. lot 2. block 1
SOS, Pleasant Vir?w Homestead; also lot 6. block .
Sfirt. f<mth San Francisco and Railroad Home- j
strad Association: $10.
Henry W. Oroth to A. F. Groth. lots 13 and i
12. Srti Mijruel Homestead; $10.
Julius C. Reis to John A. Whiteslde. lot 12,
block 3. Reis Tract; grant.
THURSDAY. JULY 7.
Laura L. Clapp to Patrick J. Maguire, lot
on N line of Vsllejo street, lf>0 W of Bu
chanan. W :!7:<5 by X 137:6; $10.
Annie A. Will to Emily L. Squire, lot on E
line of Fillmore street. 75 X of Fell. X 23 by
E ICO; Jin.
City and County of San Francisco to George [
K. Frfnk lot en SW corner of Devisadero and i
Jarkscn Streets. S G3*9 by \V 128; $ .
Kate elotelli to Ixrrnz Gotelll. undivided
on^-fourth of lot on S line of CaJifornia street,
22<> E of Frederick. E 27:»i by S l.">7:6: also
undivided one-fourth of lots I and 2, block 28,
Lakeview; $10. :
John II. and M. C. C. Munster to James T.
Donahue lot on E line of Rnxlerick street.
&<>:* N of Sutter. N 24:6 by E !)0: $10.
Annie L. and Henry Frendenb°rg. Willis E.
and Luclnda L. Dean (Hemenway) to Thomas |
F. Henicnway. lot on E line of Baker street. I
2*>:S'i N of Sacrament.) X 25 :C Jiy E 102 :0; I
$10. !
Thomas 1*. Hemrnway to Clementine and j
Emma Monet, same; $10. !
Baird Estate (corporation) to Hans Peter- !
son lot on N line of Haicht str^t, 211:3 \V
of Clayton. W 27 :« by X 137:6; $10.
Marie F5 Moran to Martin C and Georglene
Hansen lot on 13 line of Harrison street. 101
X of Twenty-fifth, X 26 by E 100; $10.
Harmon B. and Sophia Vaughn to John C. i
and Jane S. Rudy>ach. lot on E line of Har- I
rlwn street 225 S of Twenty -fifth, S 2o by
E 100; S10.
John V. and Sophie W. Clouzh to Carrie P.
Schnridcr, lot on W line of Dolores street. 50
S of Day. S ."'4 by W In5; $10.
James Brown to Sam Odavlch. lot on E
line of Diamond street. 222:6 £ of Twentieth,
S 25 by E 125; $10.
John Duff to Ida E. Molloy. lot on S li"ne
of Seventeenth street; 100 E of Diamond. E
28 by S 75: $10.
Leo and I'ertha Mann to Karolln» Rebmann j
lot on E line of Powell street. 15»:6 X of
Bush. X 22 by E C5:6; $10.
Agnes E McMahon to William and Bridget
Dclehanty. 'lot on S line of Broadway. CO W of
Taylor. W 23:0 by S U0: $10.
Mabel E. Ro«s (Landers) to Jobn Hey, lot
on W line, of Taylor street. GS:9 S of Jackson.
W l"7:0 by S 65; $10.
E'lzabetli L. May and Margaret R. Eritton
to sarao, eamo; $10.
J W and Ada M. Goodwin to same, same; j
'$1". " "
Susanna- Knippor to Gaetano Asj-allno. lot i
on N line of Filbert xtreet. 206 :3 W of Jones,
W W by X 1*57:0; SID.
Virtor and Teresa Rousjeau to Joseph Fol
grr lot on E line of L°avenworth street, 155:6
Sot Clay, f" 25 by E 100: $10.
William J. Tabor to Theodore Robertson,
lot o-. SW line of Ri-ss Etrert. 1S5 SE of
H. ward. SE 'Jo by SW 100: $10.
Jctin J-\ Ahearn to Ji«-eph W. Ahe.arn. lot
on NT line of Boardman place. lf>0 XW of
Hrrr.-tan stioet. XW 2."» by XE 117:«; $10.
Ileinrich A. and Maria E. Kampf to Fred
erick Moritz, lot on E line of York street,
142 X of Twentieth. X 25 by E 100; $10.
Michael <S. and Mary A. Ott to Frederick j
L Winn lot on K line of Vermont- street,
U20 X of Twenty-fifth. X 25 by E 100; $10.
Mary A. \\>bb to Eliza Hansen. lot on E
line of Vermont street, 125 S of Humboldt. S '<
25 by E 100: $10.
George or Genrce H. Webb to same, lot on '
E line of Vermont street. 225 N of Twenty
thir.l. N 50 by B 100; $10.
John H. 8 rid Natalie H. Hammond to A.
H. and M-ithilde H. Johnson, lot on E line
, of Rhode Inland street. 100 X of Yolo. X 25
by K 100; $10.
John F. Danielson to Emma Danielson. lot
on SE corner of Butte and Texas streets. S
1C." by E 25; also lot on S line cf Nineteenth
street. 25 E of Texan. E 25 by S 105; also lot
or. VZ line of Texas street. 1C5 S of Nineteenth
S 25 by E 100; gift.
C!ara A. English (Kutro. wife of W. J.) to
Arr.ie A. Wapple. lot on XW corner of Cali
fornia ftreet and West First avenue, SW 110:7.
X S'i:3>.;. E 25. S 50, E 85, S 25; $10.
• Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Mary A.,
J'ascn lot on W line of Fifth avenue. 200
S of Lake street. S -17:6 by W 120; $10.
Wlnslow and Bertha L. 'Anderson to Maurice
C. Kittredge. lot on SW corner of Twenty
second avenue and Lake street, W 40 by S
100; ?10.
Estate of Ado'.ph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rill executrix) to Rosa V. Morblo. lots 1, 2
and 22. Outride Lands block 225: $1727.
S. Ducas Company to Felice and Mary Ran
cotore. lot on S line of Be*>sle avenue. 1.10 W
of Folsom street. W 30 by S 7.">. lot 30. Ducas
Tract, subdivision Preclta Valley lots 114 to
1H: ?10.
Same to Bridget O'Connor. lot on SW lln* of
Preclta avenu<\ 190 XW of Fclsom street, NW
25 by SW 75. lot 7, Ducas Tract; $10.
Elizabeth J. Tregankis to John J. Gu'llfoyle,
lots 20 to 22. block 5. Lakeview; $10.
John H. and Isabelle S. or Mabel O'Connor
to Isabelle K. O'Connor, lot on E line of Mis
sion street, 130 X of Precita avenue. N 25, E
141:911. S 26:7?4. W 151. Preclta Valley 98
and M; gift.
Rusceli and Jonephine I. Harriman (O'Con
nor) to tsame (wife of Edward T.). same; also
lot on E line of Mission street, 155 N cf Pre
cita avenue. N 25. E 132:6»4. S 20:7%. W
141:9%. Precita Valley 98 and 99. quitclaim
deed: $1.
Inabelle E. O'Connor to Oscar Heyman. lot
on N line of Preclta avenue and E line of lot
98. Precita Valley. N 119:H4. XW 49:0>4 SW
to Preclta avenue, XE to beginning; $10.
Julius C. Rets to William. Long, lots 36 to 38,
block 23. lot 33. block 17. Rein Tract; grant.
Martin Kedon Jr. to Daniel Sutter, all Inter
net in 1765 D. 319 and all interest in estate of
Martin Kedon, 16.4S6: $10.
Thomas W. Hill, James W. Stevenson and
TTEDXESDAT. JULY 6.
REAli ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO rCALt; FRIDAY, JULY 8, - 1904.
14
V THE GRASS WIDOW.
BRYSOX PAINTED HER
In a typical moment. His por-
trait In oils Is so charming, his
color scheme bo original and
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy we will give
—FREE — — FREE—
Next Sunday. It is one of
A STRIKING SERIES
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at great cost of time,
trouble and money, the
SAX FRANCISCO CALL
Has bought for its readers.
If you fall to get a single one
of these beautiful and novel
Brysons you will be sorry.
•1- * , ¦!¦
ADVEBnSE&rEUTS.
STATEMENT
— .... . Qf THE—*—
condition and affairs
:\>. . — op the —
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. LN THE STATE OP
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1903, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th*
provisions of sections 61O and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed aa per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. J 1.026, 673 00
Cash In Banks 81.S53 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.734 54
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 62.811 4S
Total asaeta 91.186.099 94
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $70.C09 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 3.710 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $351.-
111 CO; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 825,559 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnlne more than one year,
| $214,652 40: reinsurance pro rata 118.048 9$
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
: malnlng unpaid 17.436 47
Total liabilities $535,278 25
INCOME. ~
'Net cash actually received for Fire
, premiums $845,562 9O
i Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources S3.234 42
Total income $SS3.817 32
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~ "
I Net amount paid for' Fire Losses
(Including $32,848. losses of pre-
vious years) $481,503 43
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 237.749 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2.520 00
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 28.665 SI
All other payments and expendl-
! turea 4.900 4S
Total expenditures $755,343 65
Fire.
Lnpses Incurred during the year. ...$456,362 49
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $S3.8S4.839 $1,143,889 41
! Net amount of Risks
; expired during the
! year 108.1S2.4S1 1.406.804 13
I Net amount In force
December 31. 1903.. 63.411.7Ti8 865.764 CO
I ALBERT R. LEDOUX. Vice President.
CHARLES S. CONKLIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 5th
day ofFebruary. 1904.
CHRIS BAMBACH. Notary Public
i j _____
G. A. HENRY &G0., General Agents
i 215 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
i. '' - ¦. ¦
California, Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Wash-
lngton and Hawaiian lalands. :
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H 0 A LI FOR N I A U
gg LIMITED TO CHICAGO M
| LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDATS |
a at 9:3O a. m.. through In 3 dayi, |
H with diner and all trapping!. H
Other Santa Ta Trains:
7:30a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m'. J Merc«*. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :00 p. m. for Stocktgn.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. 7. Alao 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose.
'TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
?la Sansalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week daya. at
6-30 7*10 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a: m.
(11-40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:43, 3:13.
4 CO 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. 0:25. 7:15. 8:00. 10:20;
11-35 d. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7-10. 7:45. 8:S0. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00, u.40
a" m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:33
S:157'5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. .10:20. nlza
P ' Arrive at San Francisco, week days. <Mt
7-00 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m
12-05 J:25. 2:50.. 3:35. 4:20. 5^05. 8:40. «a£
1 6-55. '7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundayi and
| legai holidays extra tralna arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
I g -50 p. m.
I For Fairfax, week daya. depart at 7:45 a. m
I 3:15 p. «n.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
j and legal holldaya at 7:45. 8:30. 9:i 5 . i O: ,x>
i 11:00. U:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:li
i and 8:15 p. m.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m- dally— Cazadero and way atatlona.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyea,
" 3:15 p. m- dally except Sunday— For C-ua-
dero. etc. ,..'
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day— For Point Reyea. etc • .: -
7:15 p. m.. Sundaya only — For Point Reyea.
8:15 p. m« Sundays only — For Cazadero ete.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare Tt» hsulite Pe rrr Anife
Ban Fraudsco y-t «f Harttt P. San Franeiaco
Week 8nn- ' agg Sau- Week '
Days, days. >f«SBfek days. Days.
i«««" !? : S2 A \fcS i 39*if 2:05 r '11:05 a
10:00a 11:00a V«»iff 3:35 p 3:35 r
1:45 p 12;20 p THjwgygy 6:40 r 6:15 i
6:15 r l;4Bp yoBST 6:15 p 10:0*1
4:36 r - 8:50 r
! * Tla CriTity Car. " TasuUpaJi U Ull UH»y.
Ticmt J625 Makekt St. (North flhore RailroSdj
Orriccs JanJ Uaubauto Fxkky, Toot Market 3^.
# Trains !•»?• amd »r« das
to«rrlT«»t
SAN FRANCISCO.
TtOM JULT «. 1904.
Fxiit vttoT
(Toot of Marieet Screeo
j.«at« — MAIN LINE. - *"' T »*
7.00a VscaTliiB. Winters. Kuniser_ 7 60t»
/JXU Benlcta, Elmlra and 8»eranaento.. 7.20f»
740a Vallejo. Kapa. CsJlstog*. 3aaU
Rosa. Martinez. Sab r.smon f.ZOP
7 -50a ISlles.Traey. Lathroo. Stockron.... 7-20p
8X0a Sli««t» Kzpress— (Via DaTls).
wmums (for Bartlett Sprlags).
Willows. t?rnio. Ked Blnff.
Portland. Tacom*. Seattle 7-50>»
8.00A D»tIs.Woo;I1«o«1. KBlcht* LtindlOS.
MarysTlile. Chlco. Oroillle 7^3*» %
8-30A Port Costit. Martlaex. Aatlocb.
Byron, Tracr. StocHtoo. Sow-
man. Los Banoa. M e n 4 • t a.
Armona. H»afor<l. VI sal la.
PorterTllle 4.20*»
tJ(0A Fort Co«t». Modesto. Merced.
Fretoo. Ooskrn Jnacttoa, Iha-
ford. Vlsmlla. Bakprstteld 4.50*»
t J50a yiles. San Jose, I.! »crmore. 9Mek>
ton. (?Milton), loae. Sacramento,
ManrsTlile. Chlco. Red Blnff .... 4-20*»
1.30a Oakdale. Cblnesn. Jamestown. So- .
nora. Tnolumne *nd Angels ZtJP
¦ 00a AUsatlc Express— Os«1ea and E«st. 1.20P
8 JOa Klehmoxl. Martines ao4 W«y
Stations 850P
10. CCa The OYer:»nd Limited — «>«;<l«a.
Oraaba. CUlcag*. l'cnver, Kansas
Cttr. St. tools A25 m
1000a Vallejo 1220^
IOXOaLos Anrelrs Passenger — Port
Cotta. Martlaex. Ejron. Tracy.
Latbrop. Stoektea. «err-l.
Kaysiond. Fresno. Gosaen Jxrocr
' tl«o. II*nfor«. Lemoore. Vlaalla.
Bakersfield. Los A»Re!es 7 73»
12.00m Bay ward. Utles and Way Statloas.
11. COP SaersmentoRtTer Sceaners til. Out*
J.3CP Bealcta, TTtntars. 8acrnsn«nt9.
WotNiIaBd, Willows, Kn!f!i:i
LMdJa*. MarysTiiie, Oroflila
and way »tstl»n* x.. 1050*
5 30p nayward.Nlles and Way Station*.. 7 5G?
400»» Mart!ne*,Saa Ramon. YaileJo.Napa,
Calistosa. Santa Htna 9 TO*
4 COpxiic. Tracr. Stockton. Lodt 42u*
4 30p Haywart. Nlles. lrrlnjton. San t t3.53*
Jose. Ll*"ennore ) t 11.30a
BOCpTds Owl Limited— Ne*m*n. Los
Banoa. M endota, Fresno. Talare.
Ilakersflcld.I.osAB(eles 8 50*
1S30p Hayward. Nlies aad b»n Jnse 7- 20a
S.OOp Hayward. Kllcs aad San Jo*e. 9 10a
COOpKastera Express— OjtJen. Umln,
Chlea«to. Denrer. K»;i«ii Cttjr.
St. Louis, via Martinez,
Sacramentu. Coifax. Rene 1253**
S.OOp Vallejo. dally, except dunday.... • 7 c-._
70Cp Vallejo, Sunday only f * *"*
7X0p lUchmond. San Pabio. Port Costa,
Msrttnei and Way Stations 11 20*
7-COPr.eno Passcn-cer— Port losts, Snl-
ran. Kltnlra. Paris. 8a<Taa"-nto.
Tmeiee. Lake Tahoe. Heno,
Tonepsa. Sparks 7-SOa
S.OSp Pert Costa. Msrllnez. - Brrnn.
Traey. La t h rop. Modest*.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20p
ICS*> Te#em!ts Valley, rla Cerenda aad
Wawona 85G*
¦•05p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
8-8&P Orefoa A California Express— Sae-
ramento, MarysTlile, He<i'.:ng.
Portland. Pnset Sovnd and East. 8 50a
9-IOp Bay ward. Ntles and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) : . II.BOa
COAST LINE (?iarr«w «a«g«).
(Foot of Marfcet Street.) .
7.45a Santa Crna Excarslon(Sundayo«lT) 810"*
8.16A Newark. Oenterrlllr. 6an Jose.
Felton. Boalder Creel:. BlgBasta,
»anc» Crna an<l War Stations... 655 ~*
tO. 15a Alrira.lo. Newark. San Jose, Los
Gato«,Glenwood. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Bis; Basin. Bacta Crnx 810p
12-IBp Hewsrif. Centervllle. Saa Jose.
New Alaadea. Los Gau>s.Feltoo.
Boalder Creek, Santa Crai and
Principal Way Stations 1055 a
4.1Er» Newark. San Jose. Lo* o»to» t355A
4-15P Wright. Buulder Cre«lc and Santa
Crux. Saturday aad Sunday o»it. *>8-55a
COAST LINE (Ur««4 «.a«»s . "
C3T~(Tnlrd and Townsen'l Streets.)
6.10a San Jose aad Way Stations 6 Z'o
t7.00A Paa Jose and Way Stations 6 40p
7.15a Monterey and Sfinta Crur Kicar-
stoa (Sanrtay only) 10-30p
8.U0a New Alra^den (Tues.. Frtd.. only). 4-1 Oo
8 00a The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Rohles. 6ant»
Margarita. San Lnls ot)lspn.9anta
Barbara. San Buenarcntnra.
MontalTO, Oxnard, Burbanlc, Loa
Ange'.e* 10 45"»
8 00a Gtlruy. Uolllster. CastroTKle. Del
Monte. Pactflc GroTe. Sarf. Lom-
p«c 104Sp
8.00a San Jose. Tres Pines. Caplto'a,
f'antaCrnz.PiictflcGrOTe.Sallnaa,
Paa Luis ublspo aad Principal
Way Stations " 4.10p
10 J0a San Jos* and Way Stations 1.20P
11-30A8anu Clara, Baa J«*e, Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30t»
UCp San Jose and War Stations 8 3«i*
tSOCpDel Monte Kxprens— Santa Clara.
San Jo»*. Del Monte. Monterey.
PaciflcGrov* 12 15c
S-3QpBarlln«-eme, San Jose. GHroy. Hoh
lister, Tres Plnos. Pafaro. Capl-
tola. Santa Cruz. Caatrorine,
Salinas, Pactflc Grove 10.43a
4.30P*an Josa and Way Stations t8 00a
t5 OOP Santa Clara. Han J*se. Los Gatos,
Wright and principal Way Sta-
tlons (except Snndsy) tS-COA
{5.3UP SanJose and Principal Way Stations |3 4Sa
b 4Sp Snnset Express.— Redwood. 8aa
Jose,Gllroy.Saltnaa.I'ajo Koblea.
San Luis ObUpo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Aazeles. Detnlns;. Kl P»jo.
New 4>r)e«a«. K»w York .. . 7 10»
B.45P Pajaro. Cupitola, Santa Cruz. Cas- •
tr«Tllle.Del Monte.PariflcGroTe. lO^Rs
tfi -15p t« )laieo.Beresford.Be!mon*KSaa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
_ __ Menio Park. Palo Alto... _ 18i<JA
6-50P San Jose and Way Stations. 6 S6a '
8C0pPalo Alto and Way Stations 10 ISa
1 1 .30p booth SaaFrancisco, Mlllbrae. Bur- "
Hnf-arne. Saa Mateo, Belmont
tan Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto a is-
HI MPMayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny- a^"
Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara aad ' '
San Jose ».4S»
AforMornlnx. P for After nooa.
t Bonds* excepted t SoadaT only
• Saturday on I y 6 Monday only.
I Buna U aJLataUoa* os Snajsj.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEfiN RY. CO.
LESSEE
ikH FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFY
EAIXWAY COMPAZTT.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Maritt Street.
BAH P-RANCISCO TO SA3I BATAEL.
WKKK L>AY3 — »:M. 8:0O, &;o»>, 11 :OW a> tu. ;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. S:3O. <3:L,o and XI UM
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :"0 p, ra.
8UNDATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN -RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
Wfc.tK JJAYS — t>:0o, 6:i*>. 7:3i. T:i*>. »:^u,
11:15 a. m.; l";:50. 12:00, U:4l>. 5:00. i:'M.
U:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:5O, 7:**5. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:13.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdaya. ; _
Leavs I In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. ( SanJFran.
Week I Sun- I Desf lna- l^un- j Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 5 7:t5al 7:43 \
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40 «J 8:4i»»
8:00 a 0:.'50a Unido. 10:20 a,10:2u *
2:30 p 2:."'0p 6:oOp «:2a p •
fl:10p 5:10 p fi:2i>p T:2i i>
7:25 p
S:4.~. P
7:30 a 7:30a T:45a| 7:15*
8:COa 8:0O a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 9:.*{0a Petaluma. B:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:2T>p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p «:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p| 7:25 a
¦\Vlnd3or.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:29 •>
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p OeyservtHe. 7:23 p 7:23 ->
Clov«rdale. |
7:3Oa| 7:^0 at Hopland 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pj and Ukiah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
I I WUllt* I j
7:30 a| 7:30 a[ Sherwood. ( 7:23 pf 7:23 t>
8:00 a| 8:00 a| Guerneville and 110:20 ajlO:20 »
2:30 p|_223O p( Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:2O p.
*8:06aJ8:0Oa 8:40"al~8:4O a
5:10 p] 9:3D a Sonoma^ 6:0O pi tt:2O p
| 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
7:30 at 7:30 al 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25p 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlti
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke' a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs : at Ueyserville for Skas«;s
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. 1; .one-
vllle and Oreenwood; at Ilop'and for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KeiseyvlIIe. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Lklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlverald*. Llerley's. Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Spring*. Half-way i House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoctno City. Fort Brag'
Weitport. Uaal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg*
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo LaytonI
•*uie, Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olgens
Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu.
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. *^
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl.
building.
JAS. U FRAZTER. R. "JC RTAJ».
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. A at.
The Weel^M
pep Year*.
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping with its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pelouze Scale Com-
pany of Chicago to manufacture
a special lot of these?' useful
household and sporting scales
especially for the use of Its
"Want Ad." patrons, and" on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing a Wnnt Advertisement
for insertion in next Sunday's
CALL will receive one of these
usefnl little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will
readily realize that THE CALL
is not only Issuing the best
premiums ever" offered by a
newspaper, but is giving them a
series of useful articles that
cannot be purchased locally for
three and . often four. times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a bis induce-
ment to insert your ad. in this
paper, not to mention anything
ot the big returns advertisers
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL.
DEATH NOTICES,
Continued From Page Thirteen.
July 8. 1904. at 10 a. m.. from her laU resi-
dence 4S16 Nineteenth straet. tlienc* to th«
Charch of the Most Holy Redeemer, where
a hirh re«ul«m tnui will b« celebrated for
th» repoce of her eoul. commencing at 10:30
•. rx Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUN5TXXGHAM— ; Is thla city. July 7. ISO*.
Claire DusenJa Cunningham, daurhwr oi
the lat* John U. Cunnlnsham and Clara B.
t>. Folger. asred 13 j-eara. ¦r'i ¦-',
C7" "Funeral services at St- Mary 1 * Cf" 1 "-
<3ral. Van Kes« avenue. Saturday. July ».
at 10:S0 o'clock. Interment private.
DENNIS— In Oakland. July 7. 1904. Anthony
D.. beloved husband of Lena D«nnl«, and
brother of Mrs. Marearet Palmer, a na " v S
of Mlssiourl. a«ed 45 year* fl months and I J
daj-s. A member of Live Oak Lodffe No. 1«.
K. oT P.
DOTX.E— In Boston, Jun» 80. 1904, Ella. A,.
beloved wife of Charlea D. Doyle, and
daugrhter of Mr. and Mra. P. R. cln j. *"?
lister of Mrs. Wllaon A. Cro««. Mrs. Harry
•negler wi4 A. E. and B. R. Kleta, a native
of Missouri, axed 81 y«s.r».
CFtiend* and acQualntancsa are re*pect-
fu'Jy ln\-lted to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 10* at 1:30 o'clock from the Mission
Maionlc Temple. 26G8 Mlsrlon «tr<^t, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty- tnlra,
rinder the auspices of MUslon Chapter No.
165, O. El S.
CVEKBTT— In the City and County Hospital.
July 7. 1004. William Everett, a naUv» of
Maryland, ajred 62 years.
FALLON— In th» Oty aad County Hospital.
July 7. 1904. Michael Fallen.
HARTBOTGH— In this city, July 7. 1904,
Mary Susan Hartsourh. mother of Mrs.
Frank P. Wlckersfaam. Mr*. Belle Pfleater
and Gfircf !>., Helen and I>eo Barker, a
native of Mlesourl. ared 64 years.
HAYES— In this city. July 6, 1904. Patrick
Hayes, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged £2 years.
C7Ttler.de and ncQuaintajices are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday*, at 9:16 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his cousin. George Ryan, 1005 Treat
avenue, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a solemn requleia high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of his soul, commencing
at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
1ETEL— In this city. July «. 1904. Sophia Istel.
dearly beloved mother of A. E. Sachse and
Mrs. Wil'lam Brown, and deter of Julius
Uradwohl of Albany. Or., a native of Al-
tace. (Chicago papers please copy.)
KTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
F"riday July 8. 1904. at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1959 Eddy street. Interment
Salem Cemetery via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth aad Guerrero streeta at 11:30
a. m.
LACHMAN— In this city. July 7. 190*.
{Ernestine A.. b*loved wife of Abraham
I^achman. and mother of Mrs. L. Ancker,
I. -.;:!<" Lafhniaii axd Harry Grcenbaum and
the late Mrs. J. Mendelsohn, a native of
Germany.
CTTuneral aad Interment private.
LAMOTHE— In San Rafael. July 6. 1904. Ellxa
Lamothe. beloved wife of Dr. Alfred La-
tnothe, a native of New Orleans, aged S3
ytasm 4 months and 2 days. (New Orleans
papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Friday. July 8. 1904. at 12:30 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius £. Godeau, 810
Van Ness avenue, between Eddy and Ellis
»tre«ts, thence to French Church, where
•ervlces mill be h»>ld. commencing at 1
p. in. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LTCETT— In this city. July 7. 1904. Annie
Lycett, beloved wife of the late John
Lycett. aad mother of Frank A. and B*n J.
Lycett and the late James Lycett. and Bitter
of Elizabeth McDermott, a native of Galway,
Ireland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
July 9. at 6:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey. & Son, 1057 Mtasion
ftreet. near Seventh, thence to the Mission
I>olores Church. Sixteenth and Dolores street.
• here a solemn requiem hlch mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MrHAFFIK— In this city. July 7. 1904. Ernest
Cook, beloved sv>n of Miles L. and Ada R.
McHaffW, and brother of Georgie and Gil-
bert McHaffie. a native cf San Francisco,
ajred 4 months ar.d 9 days.
MICHAEL— In thie city. July 7. 19<M. at the
residence of Sara H. Solomon, 3018 Cali-
fornia «rret. Dr. Adolph B. Michael, be-
Ir.ved nor. of Mlnr.ie and the late Ellas
Michael, and brother of Harrv and Charles
M. Hannah. Becky Michaels and Mrs. H.
Lihr^rman. a native of Lepvenworth. Kans..
ag*d H7 years 5 month? and 22 dars.
M"KTEITH— In this city July 6. 1W4. George
W*. Montelth. beloved father of Alice James
erri Marl* Montelth. a native of Jackson,
Mich., aged 42 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Manitou Tribe No. 12S. Im-
proved Order of Red Men and Pocahontas
Council No. 3. D. of P. ; Sargent Lodpe No.
3»J«, I. O. O. F., and Templar Reb»<*ca
Lodge No. 19. I O. O. F.. and Golden City
Lodge No. 6?,. K. of P.
CT'Frl^ndt; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday). «t 2 p. m.. from the parlors of the
"United Undertakers. S66 Mispion street, be- ]
l»«"n Fourth and Fifth, under the. aufplces
of Manitou Tribe No. 12S. Improved Order of !
Red Men. Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory. ;
MFVER — At Camp Vacation, Sonoma County, j
July 6. ir*"4. Anna A. Meyer, beloved
daughter of Carrie Meyer, and beloved sister i
of Alfred. Edear and Mortimer Merer and
Mrs. L. B. Simon, a native of San Fran-
cisco. j-.g«" "t years 3 months and 2*5 days.
"NORTON— In this city. July 6. 1904. Bridget j
beloved wife of Patrick Norton, and mother j
of Michael, Mary and the late Janr^s Norton j
sr.d Mrs. P. J. Lar.ntn, and cousin of Mr*.
"William Jnmei of Oakland, a native of Ire-
lano! ag«>d C9 years and 7 months.
CXFri»n<*3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
I Saturday), at S:.*-0 o'clock, from her late.
r»Fidence. 1~7 Hartford Ftreet th«-nce to I
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where j
a requiem maw will be celebrated for the
repose cf her soul, corr.mrnclnjj at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crops Cemetery.
ORTEGA— In Vallejo. July 7. 1904. Ro5«
Ortega, beloved sister of Alyce M. and Annie
Ortega of San Francisco and John J. Ortega
"f Vallejo, and loving cousin of Timothy >
Bassford of Vallejo, a native of Winters, j
To!o County. Cal. ¦
O'BRTEN— In this city, July 6 1!XM. Edward I
P.. dearly beloved son of Theresa and the
late p. E. O'Bryen. and brother of Mollie I.
O'Brjen. a native of San Rafael, aged 23
year* s months and 10 days.
(T7*Tne funeral will take r>la/-e to-day
• Fridayi. et » o'clock, from hi« late resi-
dence. 1343 McAllister Ftreet thence to St.
Dominic' «¦ Church, where a requiem hieh '
mtn will be celebrated for the repose of his j
soul, commrncing at 0:00 a. m. Interment,'
Mrictly private, San Rafael. Kindly omit !
flowers. '¦
UriLLIPS— In Alameda, July 7, 1904. Mar-
raret Phillips. »>eloved wife of John Phillips.
• r.d mothtr of John. Emmf-tt. Owen. Gratta.n
und JernlngF Phillips and Mrs. "IV. u. <
Williamson, a native of Ireland, acd 62
, years. < Baltimore, Chicago and St. Louis
papers Dleaso copy.)
CT'Frien'jF pnd acquaintances are- re5T>ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday). July 0. at 9 o'clock, from the
parlor* of f*vv A Knglls-h. 29 Van Ness I
svenue, thence to St. Francis Church, corner
Vallejo strft and Monteomery avenue,
whore a rea"i»ni high rnae? will be c-ele-
Vrated for the rerwe of her soul, com-
mercing *t !*:S0 o'clock. Interment Hcly
Cross C»metrry. by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero utreet*.
fiC ALES— In this city, July 7, 1904, Amanda
M. Scales, a nativp of Pennsylvania, aged
M yars 5 months-: and <i days.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SHAW — In this city. July fi. 1904 Edward J..
l>eloved son of the late Mary J. Shaw and
brother of the late Charles rt Shaw a na-
tive of Denver, Colo., eged 34 years 1 month
end 2 days.
C7"Frien(3s and acquaintances air respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday*, at 1:30 p. m.. from the parlor* of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. JirJ7 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
•nlll be held under the auspices of Vamleh-
ert)' and Polishers* Union. Local No. 134. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BUTTON— In this city. July 7. 1904. at her
residence. 2327 Greenwich street, of diph-
theria. Evelyn Howard fcuttcn. only and be-
loved daughter of Samuel and Emily E.
Sutton. and sister of William Hcffman Sut-
?on. • native of Augusta, Ga.. aged 6 years
and 17 days.
tT7"Funer»l service* to-day f Friday), at
»:.'<0 o'clock, at National Cemetery. Presidio.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend.
T<«RMET— In thii- city. July 7. 1904 Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Frank Tormey, a na-
tiv> of Kildare. Ireland, aged 62 yearn,
ETTTFriends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sjturdayj. at S:.K) o'clock, from her late
residence. 1M2 .FUlmore Ftreet thence to St.
Itornlnic'B Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will b«- celebrated for the repose
.jf her souU commencing at O o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crr»s Cemetery.
WEEDAUF— In the City and County Hospital
July 6, 1904. Peter Weedauf. a native oi
Auftrla, aged 41 years.
WOIAESON— In Oils city. July 7, lJKu
Christine M. Wolleson. dearly beloved
daughter of Fred and Marie Wolleson and
lister of Mrs. H. Mlnchull and William
Hans, Magda and Walter Wolleson, a native
of Ssnta Cxuz. Cal.. aged 23 years 8 months
«rd 12 aayt-.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN 1 . Mrr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND HMBALMEJtS
20 Fifth rt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral Directors and Embalmera — -
Formerly In Metropolitan T«mpl«,
KOW at ftC« MISSION. Tel. Sooth 1«7.
8*-t»««n Fourth and Fifth. Dear Fifth at.
11i»"l Equlpaecta at Moderns rates.Although Chicago was rather firmer on the
day the receipts of Hors were larger than ex
pected and In excess of those last year while
shipments of the 'product were less. .The mar
ket now shows a halting tendency and is re
ceiving lesa . support from day to . day. .'
There i» no change in this market, which
Is dull. - .¦
CORED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, lOHc for light medium. 12%c for light,
lS^c for extra light and 1 16c - for ¦'¦ suicar
cured: Eastern sunar-cured Hams. 13^c: Cali
fornia Hams, 1214c: Mess- Beef. $1049
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $11®11 50: Family.
$12@12 60;- prime Mess Pork... $14 50; extra
clear $21; Mess. 817 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9',ic;
Pig Pork. 124; Pigs' Feet. 83; Smoked Beef.
14c per. lb. -'n .'- : ¦< . .•••-• -' ¦¦. r •-.
, LARD— Tierces quoted at 6©C^c per lb for
Provisions.
The exports of flour from San Francisco by
wa In Juoe, 1904, were as follows:
¦ To^ — Barrel*. Values.
Great Britain 25.350 $107,750
CWn» 81.42!> 124.71S
<>rtral America 10.«i90 41.177
Hawaiian Islands 3.39S 15.5«9
Heuador 1.045 4.239
Panama pso 3.«M
Philippine Islands 7M» 3.373
CoJorobla 87S 1.603
Pamoan Islands 20 88
Japan 4 15
Tota!s 73.414 $302,207
In June. l»03. the experts were 64.067 bar
rels, valued at J312.M53. In that month China
took 4S.4&5 barrels, and 11.O48 barrels went
. to Japan.
The following shows the monthly exports fcr
the ctcjv year commencing July 1, 1903. and
mding Juce SO, 1904:
Months— ' Barrel*. Values.
Ju!y. 1908 RR.92S $22S.7S5
Aururt 9B.O40 413.ff7O
September 126,6S« S37>«
October 105,353 446. 4"M
November 61.191 SM.630
r*e*rr.ber 65,«no 277.075
January. 1904 70.3S5 2J>9.918
February «<•$»«."» 2T.4.214
March 57.374 24.\73fl
April 34.937 1M.0V)
May 29.448 123.572
June .". 73.414 3O2.2A7
Totals M5.S3S $3,535,307
The tr>tal experts for the season ¦ of 190»<>3,
were 962.157 barrel*, valued at $3,51S,S87.
The forepolrg figures do not include the ex
ports to Alaska or the shipments on Govern
n:»T:t trausporta to the Philippine Islands.
Weather Report.
riSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 7—5 p. m.
Th# following max'.rnum and reinlmu-m tem
p^ratnre* are reported for the previous d»y:
Boctos TM8 N>« Orleans 8S-74
Cincinnati RS-7« Philadelphia «4-72
Jarksonville JO-74 WafMr.gton 88-68
ft. Louis &2-C6 New York S6-70
Fan Francisco, £8-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
a s e r m ~
5 Ba =3 :?2 *Z $
ETATTONi 2. || "? g :| ?-» ~
\ Z c : : §
: 2 3 : :
Eakfr 29.76 74 54 N Cloufly ~f>2
Car*oa 2^.70 K 62 W Clear .«O i
Eureka 2S.S4 f* K N cloudy .00 i
Fre.=-o 29.7* 98 C4 NW Clear .00'
F E. rxra:ion.2».Sl 59 80 NW Cloud7 .00 j
Flagstaff 29.74 78 38 SW Clear .00 '
P<vat*i;o M 'V.%
- Independence .2».fi2 KS fi6 FE Clear .00 I
Lr* Ar.re:es...2S>.$<8 76 60 - W Clea- ; .00
Mt T«-a;pais.29.S<7 «3 M W Clear >j00
North Head R4 " -;. I
- Pbc#r.:x 23.*5« 102 72 W Cle*r .00 i
Pt Reyes Lt..29.S3 54 49 KW Foggy .00!
Portland 29.SS2 74 M kw Clear .00 1
Red njuff 29.66 M 66 SE Pt.Cldy OO
Roseborg ....23.K2 M 34 NW Clear .00 i
F*^arr:e:ito ..2?».7« 74 R6 S Pt.Cldy .00 1
« i a!t Lake 2^.70 K4 60 W Cloudy Tr I
F»n Franclscc 29. W S8 52 W Cloudy .fiO !
Pan L. Obi£po.r».«2 70 5rt NW Clear .«) j
Diego 20. s« 70 e2 W Clear. i.OOj
battle 23.S.S 72 56 W Cloudy .00 j
K pofc»ri*> 2».70 ti2 C2 SW Cloudy Tr. '
I* too «b 2». P2 C5 50 SW Clear- .00 i
Wal!a Wa:!a..25>.6<5 fiS «8 E Clear .04
. w-.rie^.ucca .29.64 £2 «0 NW Cloudy .12 \
Tun-.a^._^....29. €6 1W 75 W Clear .00;
CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
The r>ressure continue* low ctl the Paciflc i
;«=• an<J conditions fa\-or unsettled and cloudy !
weatber Thunder storms are reported at >
WaHa Wa'ig ani Salt Leke City.
•^,t weatber fevni]* In the Sacramento
ana Jr«a«5u:n valleys, and also in Oreron.
Forecast marie at San Frsncisco for thirty
r^rc epdiaa; nr,<'.r.:ght. July I:
California — Clmidy. unsettled
«F»'fi« r Kn-iay. r-o»*ib'y !: sn t showers tn the!
mountain* sTi focth'.lis; fresh southerly winds.
N*r*da-OoSy Friday.
San Frsncjff-f) an a «cin'.ty— « > lou<1y. unsettled
weather Friday, prssibly li^ht showers In the
A. G. McADIE. Di.trict Fon»st{r.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Trr the tweety-foor boon ending 5 pm..
l*fah merMltn tim*>. Ssn Frtncl«co July 7
1111 § a ?=
. STATIONS. " = »" e * =3
- • a. ? IT 3
CloverCal* P5 50 NW Clear 00
niul * « W» .. Clear '.KXt
Fareka 56 53 N Cloudy Aft
E r * fcr "' V* P± NW Clear .CO
J lf j Ilfrt "'; 74 si w Ttsk .00
U:(5fp«Ti<1enre fc* 06 KE Oe»r .00
King City 73 r .2 N Oear .00
J-»W«K» .7.1 r.2 .. Pt.Cldy .00
Loe Angeles 79 m w Clear <«
prc *<J «7 M .. Pt.Cldy .00
JJ*** •: "2 »« SW Pt.Cldy'.OO
Newcastle *7 44 s Pt.CTdy .00
Newman 100 37 .. Clear .00
Pslrrmo SS r.9 .. Pt.Cldy .00
£™2*2pto »•" <« NW Clear .00
K *"5 Rl'Jff MS fi« FE Pt.Cldy .<*)
RH-erslde no m .. clear .00
K*cram*r.to 74 r.r, s pt.ridy .no
Kan Dl.«o 70 ci W Clear .00
Fan Francisco f.S r,2 W Ooudy .00
Fan Jose 70 U .. Clear .CO
S«n Luis ObiFpo ... 70 :/\ j*vr Clear .00
B*rta Maria esf ts .. Tot ' .00
Fanta Iloaa 71 M .. o*ar .CiO
Piorkfm .«. SO «?i .. cloudy .00
Willow, M f.9 s Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Kea Jose— Hay* crop very »hort In places.
Hanford— Farmers harvester their grain
crop excellent; fruit dalnir nir»iy
HolIU-tei— Ar>ri<-ou ripenlne. hea\-y crop,
lire quality.
RH'erslde — Cumins; navel onmce crofl" nrom
iser lighter than Ufus.1. . "
F*nta Maria— Fogey. conUnuatlon of cool
»-««th*T with similar crop conditions
cioverda> — Early r>earhe» ripe
Palermo— Grape crop promising a rood one.
b*>*t tn years.
Colusa— FruiU and crafn In good condition.
Newman — No change.
Newcastle — Threat»>rSnr rain
B( J^P*— Moraine high fo*; fralt maturing
Livermore — Grapr* affected by phyllaxerm.
end another disease. . P"y»oxera
Ftcckton— High wind* elightlr damaglnr
frain ar>d fruit crops.
willows— Cool weather retarding harw»»t.
Easta Boea— Crop condition*, -unchanged.
A. G. McADIE. EecUon Director.
As most of the Hay now coming in Is new
crop, quotations for old are discontinued. The
market rules weak, with buyers holding oft
and the farmers also disposed' to hang back
for better prices. :' A. schooner. of old Oat sold
at $10 50 and for .- a ¦ schooner of tame new
marsh Oat $7 50 f was bid and | refused
Bran continues easy, " owing to the incoming
Hay crop and the recent free receipts from the
north, though ' quotations show no change -
•BRAN— $rJi8?23 per ton
MTODLINOS— $24®29 per ton,
SHORTS— $22^23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2l«22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $3o 50531 so-
Jobbing,- $32; Coeoanut Cake, $22®23* Corn
Meal. $30 50®31 50; . Cracked Corn, $31©.)2-
Mlied Feed. $22®22 60: Horse Beans. $30®40
per ton; ' Broom Corn Feed. »0c per ctl.-*;-
HAY— New crop— Wheat. $10012 50; Wheat
and Oat $10@U 50; .Oat, $7011; Barley and
Oat. *7®fl; Volunteer AVild- Oat, $7(99; stock.
.$t@7: Clover. $7 50@10; Alfalfa, $7@9 50 per
STRAW— 60©85c; per bale.
Hay andF eedstuffs.
The Ophir Mining Company has received
$10,215 S7 from the sale of six railroad car
loads of ore. and seven carloads are now on
the way.
An assessment of 1 cent per share was de
linquent yesterday on the capital stock of the
West Vancouver Commercial Company of Brit
ish Columbia.
The American Tobacco Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 2 per
cent per share on the preferred stock and 3
per share on the common stock, payable
August 1. \
United States Oil and Mining Company of
Bakersfleld has levied an assessment of ,2c per
share, delinquent August 3, and the Berry Oil
and Development Company of San Francisco,
assessment No. 3, of $1 per share, delinquent
August 3. >
\ .
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July 7— a p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. *
Bid. Afk.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l0eVil06*il4s qr cp new.132%133%
4s qr reg...lO6%106%|3s qr coup.. .106 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — jOak T Co 6s.ll6 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 | Do 5s — U0K
Cal C G 5s. — 104% Do con Ss.lOOU —
Cal O A E g Oceanic S 6s. — 72 K
m A ct 5s. 84% 85% Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 115% Pac GIm 4s. 92% 96
C C Wat 5s. — 10O P E Ry 5s.l02%103
EdL A P 6S.124 — P A C H 6s.lO3 —
F & C H 6S.114 — P A O R 6s.H0 —
Geary-«t os.. • — 80 iPowell-st 6s. — ' 114
H CAS 5%s.lOO I Sac EGAR5*. 96 OS
DO 5s 9S% — SF A SJV5S.117 —
Hon R T es.105 — Sierra R 6s.. — 115
L A Elec 6s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 112 — (1009) lOff
LALC06S— — (1910) 106% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 3s. 102% — <1005)Sr A.102»i —
LAP.lcm 5i.l0l% — (1905)Sr B.1C3% —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3 .*— ¦ (1906) MMi _
Do lem 5s.ll4 115 (1912) 115% —
MVA MtT5s.l0l% — SPC 1 eg Bs.llO /—
NRR of C6s.lO4% — Do stmpd..lO8% —
Do 6s ....117% — S P B R 68.131 134
N P C R 5s. — — S V Wat 6s.lO3% —
N C Ry 5s. — 112 \ Do 4s 2dm. TO «9U
N C P C 5s. — 100 \ Do 4s 3dm. 08% 98%
N S R R 5s. — 101 |\ Do t mtuia 97% — .
O G LAH 5S.107 — Stkn G*E6s. 92U —
O TV gtd 6s. — 100 |D O A E 5s. — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 34 — (Port Costa..'. — _
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 38% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 3%|S F O A E. 69% 59%
Mutual E L. 12 12% Stkn a A E. 5« —
Pac L Co... 57% — IU.G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am "Ntl Bk..l27% — |L P A A... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. 83% 86%IMer> Trust.... 205 —
Bank of Cal.424 — (Merch Ex..;. 50
Cal Safe Dp. — 150. |S F Nation!. — — .
First Natiool — » — U
SAYINGS 'BANKS.
Ger S & L.2280 2330 |Sav A L So. — 100
Hum S A L. — — jSec Sav Rfc.SSO —
Mutual Sav. — 110 j Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 — J
Jfh« New York market Is generally quoted
firm, with a stronger feeling in future Prunes
which Coast' sellers are unwilling to let go
at the present very low prices. Otherwise
there is nothing new.
FRUITS — New crop futures— Apricots 70
9V4c: Peaches. 5%@7%c per lb Old crop—
Evaporated Apples, 5@7c: sun-dried. 3&4Uc
, PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
sizes. -
. RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60- lb boxes— Loose Muscatels 4-crown
4e per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 4c: Malaga,
loose. .3 -crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas 3%c; seedless
Muscatels, 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c; choice 8«c
12-os cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice, 4%c- In
bulk." fancy. 6 Vic;. choice. 6c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50;- fancy. $2; London
Layers, 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%«J14c;
No. 2. 11%©12c;-No. 1 hardshell. 13613 %e:
No. .2, ll@ll%c; Almonds. ll%e for Nonpa
reils. 11 %e for I XL. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and -9%c* for Languedoc;' Peanuts. 6iJ7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts f4 3O@«6
HONEY — Comb, 11%©12%c for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted 50
6c; • light : amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark.
3 /bEESWAX— 27©29e per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
CHICAGO. July 7. — Sensational flood reports
from the Southwest to-day caused a net ad
vance of 1%@1%c In the price of September
wheat. Corn is up %®%c. Oats show a gain
of %@%c. • ' ,
Continuation of heavy rains throughout the
West gave the wheat market a strong sendofT.
opening prices on September being up Uc to
He at «3*ic to S3%c. There was an active
genera! demand for both the July and Septem
ber deliveries, but offerings were exceedingly
meager. In consequence of the light offerings
the price wa» bid up rapidly, sentiment In the
pit being extremely bullish. The market was
governed almost entirely by news from the
Southwest. The most sensational damage re
ports of the year found their way into the pit,
flood conditions being reported from all sections
of the Southwest. A Kansas City paper esti
mated the damage in Kansas arid Nebraska at
6,000.000 bitehels. There was a report from
the Red River Valley statins that the crop
ther9 was in worse condition than it had been
since 1S84. On the advance a number of .local
holders took profits, causing a reaction. Sep
tember declined to 84U@SI%c, but closed
strong, with September at 84%g?S4%c.
For the first time for some weeks there was
activity In the corn market. The market
closed almost at the highest point. September
closed at 50% c.
Strength of wheat and corn had a bullish
effect on the oats market. The market closed
strong and near the best price of the day, with
September at 32}«c.
Provisions experienced a little setback early
In the day as the result of the weak tone in
the hog market, but the strength of grains
helped the market. September pork closed 5c
up -and lard and ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
July, old 89% 90% 89% 90*4
July, new • 89 00% ,88% 00%
September, old. S3 80 8B 85%
September, new.. 83% 81% S3% 84%
Corn No. 2—
July....' 4S»i 49% 4«% 49%
September ..... 49*i 50% 48% 1 J50U
December 46% 47 46 . • 40*2
Oats No. 2—
July..' 3K% SS% 35% 88*1
September 32% S3 32% 32%
December ...... 33% 33% 33% S3»;
M«ss Pork, per bbl—
July 12 80 12 90 12 80. 12 90
September 12 90 13 07% 12 85 13 05
Lard per 100 Ib3 —
July .:.......-. 7 02% 7 07% 7 02% 7 07%
September 7 12% 7 20 7 10\ 7 20
October 7 20 7 22% 7 20 7 22%
. Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — .
July : 7 42% 7 50 7 42% 7 50
September ..... 7 65 . 7 70 7 60 7 70
October ....... 7 «0 -' 7 75 7 65 7 75
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
The situation in th« local market remains
precisely as before, the Tonopah stocks being
actively dealt In and the other stocks ne
glected.
Oakland Transit was ex-coupon of its 6 per
cents yesterday.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
has levied an assessment of lc.
The First National Bank cf San Francisco
has declared a regular semi-annual dividend
at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, payable
July 11.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 63 cents
per share, payable July 20.
The Situation on the Local Ex
changes Unciianged.
STOCK MAEKET.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. •
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
.: . % ? "aiorninc^-Session.
1100 Andes 221 20O Savags 1*
JOO Challenge- Con 12| 300 Silver Hin .. S3
600 Con C A Va.1 10J 100 Union Con .. S2
200 Crown Point. 121 200 Utah 18
50 Mexican 88 JOO Yellow Jacktt 19
1000 Ophlr ..2 7W
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes ill IPO Hal* A Norc. 7!
100 Belcher 19| ICO Justice fo
100 Chollar O*| 10O Ophlr t 73
100 Con C A Va.l H>; 40O P«oai 0-t
100 Exchequer ... S7j 1C0 Union Con .. -1
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pte!3a
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha ... Ill 300 Ophlr 2 75
200 Andes 20t 200 Union Con .. ;:t
300 Bullion 181 500'Unlon Con .. 3a
900 Chollar G8[ OCA Yellow Jacket. Zd
Afternoon Session.
150 Mexican ..... 971 200 Union Con . . 53
100 Ophlr 2 72% 100 Union Coa ..34
600 Sierra Nev .. 32! 200 Utah IS
800 Sierra Nev .. Xi\ 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
100 Silver Hill .. 531
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGBT.
Following were the sales on the San Fran«
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1700 Gold Anchos.. 271 330 MacNamara .. S3
200 Ray A O'Brien 13 100 MacNamara .. t9
15C0 Ray A O'Brien II 200 Belmont 99
1600 Midway 60 ICO Belmont 87
300 Midway t'4 6TM) Belmont S3
930 Midway C9t 1000 Belmont &S
500 North SUr... 34 1 200O Ton Gold Mt. io
1000 Red Top ... 1717000-Ton Gold Mt. 13
4C0 MacNamara . 61I520O Rescue 11
850 MacNamara . 3S| 20 Ton Nevada. ..8 25
1600 MacNamara . 331
Afternoon Session.
100 Gold Anchor.. 2717230 Ton Gold Mt. 20
500 Montana 2 4.Vl0i>0 Little Ton ... 60
SCO Montana ...2 42% I SCO Paymaster ... <M)
800 Montana ...2 32U 100O MacNamara .. St
1700 Red Top .... 17|2ttCO MacNamara .. 62
100 Midway 30|1100 MacNamara. .. C4
500 Midway &8 ; 1000 MacNamara .. 5*
1000 Brunswick . . C9i 300 MacNamara . . 53
8000 Brunswick ... »Si 600 Ray A O'Brien 13
500 Rescue 1111000 Gold Mt Con. 0^
2000 Rescue ...... 10! 100 Belmont 84
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July T— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.| Bld-Ask.
Alpha 10 14 Juatlc*. 1% 19
Alta Ort rrrlKentuck 03 05
Andes 22 23iKeyea Graes.. — 1 20
Belcher 19 20 Lady Wash .. — o«
Best & Belch. I 03 1 20! Mexican fts 1 tq
Bullion IT lOiOccldental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... B6 6<>|Oph!r 2 73 2 85
Challenge Con 11 13|0verman 20 21
Chollar 08 09|Potosl 08 f9
Confidence ... 80 90| Scorpion ..... 15 Id
Con C A Va.l 10 1 15|Pavage .*. 1« IT
Con ItnoeriaL 01 021 S<?g Belcher .. OS 1(J
Con NY 03 04 Sierra. Nev .. 33 34
Crown Pott»t.. 13 14!SIlver Hill".. 51 33
East Sierra N 0« — |St Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — 60- Syndicate — on
Exchequer .. 3ft ."Si Union Con .. H r^J
Gould A Cur. 19 20!Utah 13 IS
; Hal* A Norc. 70 721 Yellow Jacket. 19 id
Julia 06 C7I, ;,-;¦,
Mining Stocks.
Flour, qr sks .. 300 Hides, No. 70
Wheat, ctls 573 Pelts, bdls .... 90
Barley, ctls 2.033 Leather, rolls .. 1*9
Oats ctls 769 Lime, bbls 457
Tallow, ctls ... 23 Wine, gala .... 52.073
Potatoes, sks .. 2.0R8I Quicksilver, flks. 66
Onions, sks ... 24f>! Paper, reams ... 633
M1441lngs. sks.. 201 Hay. tons 80S
Feed, sks 42|Wool. bales 135
FOR THURSDAY, JULY 7.
Receipts of Produce.,
Silver Is a fraction lower. European Ex
change on London Is higher.
LOCAL. :
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, slglrr ...*..... — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables ' — 4 8S%
N>w.York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — fi§u
Mexican Dollars 46% @ 47
. INTERNATIONAL.
Now" York on Mexico. '.". .'.. ..."..".".'-. ..'.'... .214
Berlin on London ..20.41
Paris on London-..'/... 25^20
Wheat and Other Grains. ;
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm, but
not active. Liverpool -reported less offering.
Reports from the Argentine were unfavorable
¦ Chicago continued to advance on heavy rains
all over the West and South. The reports
from Kansas were especially bad, as it rained
hard all night there and different wlrea re
ported thit. fully 25 per cent of the crop
would be lost. Kentucky reported a condition
or 7f\ against 75 at the same time last year.
There was no cash market nt Chicago, as all
-were afraid of floods, especially as last year
buyers got the, worst of It.
In this market the cash Wheat was flrm and
unchanged. Futures opened firm, but eased off
on subsequent heavy selling.
CASH WHEAT.
Callfqrnia Club. $1 27%@1 32%; California
tthlte Australian. $1 52%01 57%: Northern
Club $1 30@l 33; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
©1 55 per. ctl. \
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
_ ; Open. Hlith. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30 $1 30% $1 30 $1 30.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 2<j%, $1 28% $1 o$« jj 29^
BARLEY— Old Feed no longer figures suffi
ciently to quote. New Feed Is quiet and un
changed. Receipts are lighter again, but of
ferings are still liberal.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. 95@97%c for new; old Brewing, $1 OS
6107%; Chevalier. $1 02%@l 10 for fair to
choice, i t
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. V
-"" -¦¦-v*~'^; Open. High. ' Low. Close.
December ... 94% 94% 94% 94%
2 p. m. Session.
: '2/-' : T~^ Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 94% «4% ¦ 94% 9414
OATS— Tht old crop has pretty well disap
peared, with the • exception of several small
lots of white and black, which are quoted be
low. The great bulk of offerings consist of
new Red. The market is quiet and without
feature. » •
Old qrop— White. $1 82%@1 35; Black. $1 13
Ne At^ 0I^ Re< ?- $1 20 ® 1 . 27 W : < 3™y- nominal!
CORN — Continues • quiet and unchanged
There have been no receipts from th« West for
several days.
«/y^ rn -4 sacked - ?1 45^ 47^ **°r Yellow,
$1 4501 4 ( %.for White and $1 45. for Mixed-
California large Yellow. $1 45@1 60; small
round do, $1 5001 60; White % $1 45®1 60 per
$ C l I: 25|f y 3 P O tl ?o n r &w? 1M i0F WhUe ««
RYE— $1 30@l 32%. per ctl V
BCJCKVVHKAT— Nominal at $1 75©2 per ctL
Flo ur and 'Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50®4 so-
Oregon and Washington.^ Jobbing at $3 S5<»4 25 '
per bbl. --¦¦ y - -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices 1 in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 00 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour I
$7; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do $4 23; !
Oat Oroats. $4 50; Hominy. $4®4 25-' Buck-'
wheat Flour. $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $4:
Farina, $4 60; Whole .Wheat . Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 60; in sacks, $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7-
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Tin appeared to be
meeting with a little better demand in to.day's
markets, although business was comparatively
quiet. owing to moderate offerings, and prices
ruled slightly higher. London closed nt
£117 12» 6d for spot and £117 17s fid for
futures. Locally spot is quoted at $25 70#23 00.
Copper was unchanged in London, closing at
£57 5s for spot and £57 2s 6d for futures.
Locally demand is light, but there is no
pressure against the market, which, while
quiet, shows a firm undertone. Lake is quoted
at $12 62H£12 8714, electrolytic at $12 20®
12 50 and casting- at $12 25S12 30.
Lead was unchanged at $4 23@4 35 In the
local market and a trifle higher at £11 15s in
London.
Spelter was unchanged In both markets,
London closing at £22 and New York at
$4 85©4 95.
Iron closed at Ms 9d in Glasgow and at
42s 10%d In Middles-boro. Locally Iron was
quiet.
Locally pig iron was nominal.
Nezv York Metal Market.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 60@3
per box, as to size and quality; Valencia?,
$1 BOjre 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 nci?2;
Lemons. $2 25®2 75 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 for
choice and $1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 50@2 SO; Mexican Limes, $4&4 50 per case;
Bananas, per bunch for Central American
and $1®2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 60®
2 60 per dozen. -
FIGS— 25®40c for single-layer and W>g75o
for double-layer boxes; large boxes from the
river. $1©1 25.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 25$2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. $1 26@1 50 per box; Water
melons. l%c per lb.
GKAPK8 — (lei 2S per crate
APRICOTS— 8mall boxes and crates 50SS5c:
baskets.. 30©40c: In bulk, l%@2c per lb to
the trade and $20@3O per ton to the canners.
APPLES— $l<gl 25 per box for .choice and
60@75c for common.
PEARS — Bartlett. $1 25©1 50 per box; email
green varieties. 40@60c per small box or
basket.
PEACHES — 40fi75c per box or carrier:
baskets, 40@«Oc; open boxes 90c$T$l 25
PLUMS— 60©»0c per box or crate and 30®
60c per basket; Tragedy Prunes, 60<gS3c per
crate and 40® (35c per basket.
Trade In Citrus fruit waa quiet, except a
limited demand for Oranges for shipping.
Stocks of Navel Oranges are steadily* decreas
ing and the quotations will soon be omitted.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50f4 per chest for
Longworths and $1 75@3 for the larger va
rieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 50®3 per chest for red
and $202 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S3 50@6 per chest
CURRANTS— $503 per chest.
CHERRIES— $1@1 10 per drawer"
Choice offerings of small tree fruits were In
good request for local consumption and fancy
stock In small crates was wanted for ship
ment, and occasional sales of good shipping
stock were reported at a small advance over
the maximum quotations. - Low-grade oflVr
lnss of Plums, Peaches and Apricots were
abundant and could be bought at liberal con
cessions in the afternoon. Basket fruit from
the river was generally unattractive and ped
dlers were the principal buyers of that line of
goods. Apples and Bartlett Pears were steady
for the best stock, while second quality offer
ings dragged at unsteady rates. FIga con
tinued weak under excessive supplier and as
usual large lines had to be carried over Crab
Apples arrived v rather freely from Martinez
and Santa Clara end were offered at 50#75c
per hpx,' but found few buyers, as they were*
too small and green to attract trade Melons
continued to move off freely and the' best lots
cleaned up quickly at the top quotations. Sev
eral crates of Cantaloupes came in from Ba
kersfleld. the first of the season from that
quarter, and sales were reported at $4 per
crate. Al] kinds of Berries continued to drag
and the canners wore still buying large Straw
berries and Raspberries at the minimum quo
tations. Two 20-lb boxes of ¦ Huckleberries
came in from Sonoma County, but were not
eold. having arrived too late for the regular
trade.
Decidu otis and Citrus Fru its.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— i July. Sept.
Opening 6 5 6 6*4,
Closing 6 51J 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.- Feb.
Opening ....". 20 70 20 75 .
Closing 20 C5 20 70
Flour—
Closing .- 28 40 27 SO
Oper Ing 28 35 27 S3
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades combing and clothing, 18'924%c;
light flne, l<Vj?i9c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed, 20@'23c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 7. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, C7@6t»c: Bluestem. 77c; Valley, 7«c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 7.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 79c; club, 6Cc.
Northern Business.
__. - *
SEATTLE. July 7. — Clearings, $S16 957- bal
ances. $232,560.
TACOMA. July 7.— Clearings, $297,992; bal
ances, $4. r >,543.
PORTLAND. July 7.— Clearings, $60$ 6S3;
balances. $t>$,546
SPOKANE. July 7.— Clearings. $507,366; bal
ances, $71,824.
NEW TORK. July 7..— To-day's etock market I
was reactionary again and there was . very 1
heavy liquidation to take profits on the advance*!
of the 'ast two days. The reaction was only i
partly effective ia the early dealings and the I
market was protected by bidding up of such j
stocks here and there, but this policy became !
less effective as the day advanced and the re
j action bt-came general. There were some unpro-
J pltious features in the day's news, but not
I more so than yesterday, when they proved
powerless to affect the upward tendency of ]
prices. The reaction may be said to be due ae !
much as anything to the feeling of distrust of !
the character of the previous advance. The
unfavorable weather news had a depressing ef
fect. In view of the profit-taking nature of
the day's selling, the largest declines are not I
only found In those stocks which were most j
conspicuous in the buying movement, especially '
Union Pacific. Su Paul and Pennsylvania, but !
rretty much all the active stocks In the market
I figure in the list of from 1 to 2»$ points losers.
The closing was Irregular.
| Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par value.
$3.6.10.000.
' United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
j Storks — Close.; Stocks — Clos*>.
Atchison ., 74 H T. St L & W. . . . . 24H !
t»O pfd.... »4»4' Do pfd 37«i
j Bait A Ohio SI a, Union Pacific 90% j
Do pfd »24 Do pfd 93»» i
Canadian Pacific. 124V Wabash 1**4
Cen of N Jersey.. 162 j Do pfd 34%
Che» & Ohio 31% Wheeling & L E. 16
Chi & AJtcn 38 (Wisconsin Cen... 17^5
Do pfd -SOfc- Do pfd 38
Chi Great West.. 14 1* Kx press Companies —
Chicago A. N W.. 171 Adams ..225
Chi. Mil & St P. 144% American 192
Do pfd 178 United States..... 105
Chi Term A Trans «4 Wells-Fargo .... .200 '
Do pfd 15» 4 Miscellaneous —
C, C, C A St L.. 7U* Amalgam Copper. BOU
Colorado South... 16 Am Car A Found. 1SU
Po lst pfd 49 | Do pfd 72H
Do 2d pfd 2OV4'Am Cotton OH... 2»ia
, Dela A Hudson.. 159 « Do pfd 68
; Del, Lack A W..270 'American Ice.... 6*4
I Denver & Rio G. l!l^i Do pfd 2«ft
Do pfd 70 [Am Linseed Oil.. 8
! Erie 24V *>o Pfd 36
Do 1st pfd 69*j Amer Locomotive. 19*i
Do 2d pfd 35 i- Do pfd 82^
Hocking Valley.. 66 Am Smelt A Ref. 34
Do pfd 1 82; | Do pfd 96%
i Illinois Central... l.'J."{% I Amer Sugar Ref. 127 4*
j Iowa Central 18 Anaconda Mln Co 73\£
Do pfd 34 Brklyn Rap Trans 49^4
: K C Southern... 20 Colo Fuel A Iron. 31iJ
Do pfd 41-% Consolidated Gas. 194
I Louis A Nash...llUi|Corn Products... 11
1 Manhattan L. ...14!»«i Do pfd 67%
: Metropolitan Sees S7*£; D >Millers' Sees... 21
( Metropllt'n St Ry.ll5"4 1 General Electric. 158
. Mexican Central. 7% Interntl Paper... 12'i
I Minn & St Louis. 40 ' Do pfd.". 69*4
i M, St P A SS M.. 66% Interntl Pump... 2S\b
Do pfd 123 , Do pfd... ...... 72
' Missouri Pacific.. 91 |Natlcnal Lead.... 20%
| Mo. Kan A Tex.. 17 North American. h7
Do pfd 47U Pacific Mail 27
JCtI RR Mex pfd. 37*4 People's Gas... .. 9S«4
New York Cen..ll6V4 Pressed S Car... 27 j»
Norfolk A West. 57% < I>o pfd 91
Do pfd M .Pullman Pal Car.220
; Ontario A West. 2<>»4i Republic Steel... 6«i
' Pennsylvania 117 ! Do-pfd.*.., 4li5
P. C, C A Et L.. 60 (Rubber Goods 16?,
Reading 47%j Do pfd 77
Do lst pfd S2V) Tenn Coal A Iron. Z6%
Do 2d pfd t»ii U S Leather 6U
Rock Island Co.. 21H • Do pfd ...... 80*$
Do pfd <3}« U S Realty 3%
i EtL A SF 2d pfd. . 4«»4 Do ufd 57^
! St Louis S W 114 U S Rubber...*... 16W
Do pfd. 2SH Do pfd 67^
Southern Pacific. 47S U S Steel.. ....... 1O9»
Southern Railway 21% Do pfd 57%
Do ffd SO West'house Elec.155
Texas A Pacific 24% Western Union... 87
Total sales, 544,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OK SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 7.— Bond transaction*
United Railroads of San Francisco; 10,000 at
$80 2S. 10,000 at (80 75, 3000 «t $80 60. -----
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. $4; asked. $4 12 H. Preferred
—Bid, t& 50; asked, $39 75. .
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s «f.lO4%|L, A N unified 4s. 100
Do coupon 104>i|Man con gold 4a. 100U
Do 3s reg. .".... 103 I Mex Central 4s.... 62
Do coupon 106 I Do lst »ne 13U
Do new 4s reg.l32'i!Mlnn A St L 4s. 90
Do coupon 132%|M. K A Tex 4s/. 99%
Do old 4s -r*g.lC«ittl Do 2ds... , go
Do coupon 108 (.NR of Mex con 4s 77«4
Atch gen U 102%. K Y C gen 3*s.. 93$
Do adj 4s ttlfclN J C gen 6» f .i.l}!2
Atlantic C L, 4a.. W llfor Pa« 4s ...... 104%
Bah A Ohio 4s...lCR' / 4 Do 3s 74H
Do 3^s .*.. t>4!4 Nor A W con 4s.lC0?i
Central' of Ga Ss.lll OSL 4s A partlc. 87H
Do let inc 70% Pa conv 3%s.... »7«
Cbe« A Ohio 4H8.1C5V Reading gen 4* 08%
Chi A Alton ZVt*. 7«H S L A I M con Rs.llflU
C B A Q new 4s. 96^18 L A S F fg 4s. 81 »;
CM &. KP gn 4s.l07met Louis SW lsts. I)S>4
C A NW con 7s. 12ST4 1 Seaboard A L 4a. <#
C R 1 & Pac 4s. 70 So Pacific 4s :... fl.1%
Do col Es «> So ".Railway 5s...lK>%
C.CC A SLgn 4s.lOOv* Tex A Pac lsts.. 118%
Chi Term 4s 74 IT. St L A Vf 4s. 71^4
Cons Tobacco 4s. 63 (Union Pacific 4s..l04>4
Coio A So 4s 84 I Do conv 4s 101 ¦
C F A I con 5«. 68 it'S Steel 2d 5s.. 7714
Den A Rio Q 4s. flOtit Wabash lsts 118%
Erie prior Hen 4s. fiR^I Do deb B 68 •
Do gen 4s .: ... 8«%|W A L Erie 4s. .,01
K W ADC ista.lOftHlWla Central 4s... 90
Hock Vai 4%«...107*il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con • 20^Uttie Chief 03
Alice 23i Ontario 3 00
Breece 10 Ofjhir ...2 60
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix 23
Com Tunnel .... 07 Potosl lfl
Con Cal A Va... 1 OOiEavage . 25
Horn Silver 1 45|Klerra Nevada.... 28
Iron Silver 1 50 Small Hopes ...... IS
Leadville Con ... 02| Standard 2 05
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU 8 Steel .... 10H
Call loans 2«3Ht Do pfd ........ 57%
Time loana 804 I Westing Common. 78
Bond* — Mining — " ¦
Atchlson 4s 101 U Adventure 1«
Do adj 4s . 93H Allouez .......... ' 8^
Mex Central 4s... Cl% Amal Copper .... 60%
Railroads— ' (Arner Zinc .....V 9
Atchison 7* {Atlantic ......... 79S
Do pM ••• »4T»|Blngham ; ..: 23%
Boston A Albany. 240 i Calumet A Hecla.4fJi .
Boston A Maine. .16.V JCentennlal 25%
Boston Elev .....1*9 I Copper Range ... 41
Fltchburjr pfd 13«r ; l [Daly West 2.<%
Mf.xlcan Central.. 7Hj Don* -Coal ., 42
N Y N II A H.101 (Franklin ......... T
Pere' Marquette. . . 74 I Grancjr ....'.:;.... 3 .
Union Pacific...... IWKIIsle Royale ...... 7%
Miscellaneous — - I Mass Mining .... 4
Amrr Arge Cnem. 1W1 Michigan .".34 ,
Do pfd .73% I Mohawk .......... «*i*
New York Stock Market.
The Butter market showed the effects of
the recent heavy receipts yesterday, especially
as another batch of 1372 cases came in. There
was no. actual decline, but all dealers reported
the market dull, with a tendency to sell, and
some were shading the quotations to reduce
their overstocks. .
The ftflinK In Cheese Is firm and the mar
ket Is In better condition and gradually clean-
Ing up at the quotations. Oregon, however. .1*
sending in large lines, and Puget Sound points
and Los Angeles refuse to pay even a fraction
over the current quotations in this market.
Dealers-<tay that any further advance Just
now tioukl shut oft these outside customers,
who's would Immediately go to Chicago for
their supplies, henee they are not disposed to
afk any further advance Just yet.
Th* Urmr.ess In Eggs continues, and some
houses report sales or fancy ranch slightly
above- the top quotation. These sales, how
evi-r, are ax yet hardly sufficient to Justify
a further advance, though the tendency Is de
cidedly upward, and fine stock Is getting
greatly reduced in supply. Receipts, however,
were larger again yesterday.
Receipts were l37,2<iO lbs Butter, 1503 cases
Eggs and 51.9C0 lbs Cheese. ' »
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands .21022c
for extras and 20c for firsts; dairy.' 17(520c;
store Butter. 14iR16c; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE — 9c for choice mild new and 7^4®
8Hc for lower grades; Young Americas, 103
10^c: Eastern, 10«15c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 1'2'iQ'J.V for fair to choice;
store. 17®2Oc; Eastern. 19520c for firsts and
16^@18c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
« K B . A . GS T;r' raln Ba *"- 5^ c : s *n QuentJn.
*5 40: Wool Bags. 32SS5c; Fleece Twine.
7®8c.
, COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welllng
««; *2i Seattle - * 65 °: Bryant. $6 60: Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo«
Bay $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$< 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
V%elsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $ll*50®13
P«r ton In bulk and $13 In racks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
_$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Linseed has advanced 5c. Quota
tions are for barrels; for cases add 5c:
Unseed, 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 43c
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut. cases.
«2Vj®SOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c : natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neaufoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c: boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint
Oil. Sic.
COAL OIL-^-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases Itx^c; Astral. 19Hc;
Star, 19 He; Extra Star. 2Jc; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22^c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: In eases. 19V&C; Sti-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE: — Rlc p*r gallon in cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 1V,9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%c according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered. 5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.70c; Fruit Granulated, 5.70c: B««t Granu
lated ftOO-Ib baga only). 3.6Oc: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 3.30c: Extra C, 5.20c;
Golden C. 5.10c: "D," 5c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.20c; boxes, 6.45c; H. A E. Crystal
Doniinos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
lees than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
NEW TORK. July 7.— Clos**— Money on call.
«asy 1<S?1H per cent; closing bid, 1 per cent;
offereS, 1 : » per cent.
Time loans, easy: sixty days, 2 per cent;
ninety oays. 2' 1 'g2 I -a rxr wnt; six months,
.'i^i r*r c*nt.
Prime mercantile parwr, 3^iff4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was steadv, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.S725@4.673t)
f«*r demand and at $4.S.VJC^4.S535 for sixty
day bills.
Post«*i rates. $1 SS and $4 88.
Commercial bills, f 4S515^4.«525.
Bar silver, f.SL,c.
Mexican dollars. 46c.
Bonds — Government, steady; railroad, irregu
lar. •
New York Money Market.
Flour Exports in 1903-04.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
WHEAT— Spot, strong. No. 2 red, nominal
elevator; No. 2 red. $1 11V-. f. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 Northern Duluth, $1 04%. f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. «. b. afloat.
The continuation of heavy rains through the
I Southwest had a demoralizing effect on wheat
phorts again to-day, and priefs made further
bfg sair.R. notably July. EyidencoR cf serious
damage w?re forthcoming from Kansas and
Missouri', as well as thf Ohio Valley. Options
clrsed ligmc higher. July. 94®fl5Vic closed
94*£c: September. 87>j'ff8R^c, closed S-SVic;
\ December, f*7H<£SS>$c, closed SSHc-
HOPS— igteady.
WOOL— Steady.
HIDES— Quirt.
PETROLEITM— Eas«y. . .
COFFEK — Snot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice,
7ttc: mild, firm; Cordova. 04f?12e.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 7-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 15-lSe; mo'.asses.
3 ll-16c.
BUTTEn— Firm: crramery, lfi$lS«ic: offi
cial prices, creamery common to extra. 13ffl.Sc.
EGGS — Firm; Western extras, selected. 19e;
i Western extras, averace prime-, 18c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED AdPI.ES — Show little
change. Futures are offered freely and show
an easy underuvie, but spot supplies are light
and holders , are asking full recent prices.
Common are quoted at 4®5 1^c: prime, 5%@6c;
choice. 6\i66*ic. and fancy/ 7c.
PRUNKS — Remain In moderate demand, but
are holding fairly steady at recent prices,
: which ranee from 2*«c to 5'-$e, according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet. Quotations remain
nominally unchanged, with chcice held at
ft^QlOc; «tra choice, 10Vi«?10«$e. and fancy.-
Hffl3c. .1 -
PEACHES — Also are quiet. There mtmii a
disposition to offer new crop fruit for future
shipment rarther more freely, but prices show
no chanr*'. Chclcc are quoted at 7\' t c; extra
choice. 7>4Q'&c, and fancy. O^vSlOc.
NEW YORK, July 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15.10O barrels; exports. 18,000. Steady, but
buyers scarce.
New York Grain and Produce.
Futures closed ' steady. July and August,
10..V»e; October. 0.55c; November, 9.50c; De
cember, f>.5."lc;^January. 9.55o.
Spot closed steady, 30 points higher. Mid
dling uplands, 11.05c; middling gulf. 11.35c.
NEW TORK. July ".—COTTON— Futures
rpened firm. August. 10*2ficr September. ».«3c;
October, 0.45c; November, f».37c; December,
0.42c; January. 9.45c.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150.(i00,C00 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shown: Available cash
balances, $1GO.4O?.1S8; gold. $64,188,031.
Condition of the Treasury.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c(5$l per dozen ; Hare
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys,' 14@15c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 254T1 50; Goslings. $1 25?8
1 50: Ducks. $3 50«?4 50 per dozen for old and
$4£5 for young: Hens, $4 5005 for large and
$4«?4 50 for small; young Roosters. f~ .1000;
old Roosters. »4@4 50; Fryers $5#5 60; Broil
ere $3 5004 for large and $2 50*^3 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25®
1 50 for Squabs.
The fourth car of Western Poultry -was mar
keted late on Wednesday and another car ar
rived yesterday, but was not hauled to the
store. The market for domestic stock had a
better tone, with Fryers Broiler* and good
heavy Hens In fair request at steady prices.
Poor stock, particularly old scraggy Hens and
old Roosters, continued to drag at easy rates.
Receipts of Game consisted chiefly of Dove?,
•which were quoted lower. Hare and Rabbits
of good quality found prompt sale at un
changed rates.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets.
All quotations remain as before and the
market show;* no new feature.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' .
BEEF— 5H<86%c for Steers and 4$6o per lb
for Cowa.
VEAL— Large. 7#Sc: small. 8®9He per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 83S%c; EweV TSSo
per lb. 1
LAMB — 9@10o per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6t$flSt4e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered ia San Francisco 'less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ' .
CATTLE— Steers. 7H®7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%©C^c: thin Cows, 465c per lb
CALVES— 4«4%c per lb (grosa weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3H@3%c: Ewes 3®3«o
per lb (gross weight). " «"»*»
LAMBS— $2 E0®2 75 per head
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs 4«e«
200 to 250 lbs, 4»ic; 130 lbs and under 4ttc :
over 250 lbs. 4i,c: soft Hogs, nominal ;* Sows'
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
STREET RAILROADS.
Wmmm -" :
Gl *nt 60H 61 IVlgorlt — §, :
SUGAR. f .
5 an ».f Co.- — 20o iKilauea S C. — . '4*
Hawaiian C. 51 OlVUMakawell C 22 22H
"°f. k »SC 11H 12 (Onoraea 8 C. — 27H
Hutch SPC 814 8^!Paauhau 3 C. 12*! 13^
MISCELLANEOUS.
M^A^Tm-,^ ™« A ° C °^--™ » S
Morning Sesaloa,
Board^ — .. ;.
•o«52 S F Gas * Electric 69 6214
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 102 90
Street —
!?*S2 £*i G * E> O M A C T 0s... 85 CO
*1.000 Springr Valley 6 p«r cent.. ,*.. 105 37>4
Afternoon Seesion.
Board —
10 8 F Gas A Eleetrto 53 62*4
60 Spring Valley Water Co 33 50
.. J^w prins Va "ey Water Co as 37S
V.%S. a^ k<?t * 9t Ry lst eon 8»....«4S0
ii-29 0 , P C R R 5 per cent 104 5O
«S*S^ £*l iac fectrtc Ry & per eent.103 5rt
$50,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)... 93 OO
Street —
5 Bank of California 425 00
25 Paauhau 8. P Co 13 CO •
UnlLtted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
» «^. BId - "^^ Bid. As*.
Bay CPCdl. — 99 SF A NP 6s. — 10914
B L Wat 6a. — 117 S P C R 4*. — 100
Cal INW 6s.. — 112^i S P Co 4^s. 100 — ;
M C Wat 58.100 — " | Sun Tel 6s.. — 104
Rls I Wksfis. — 105 I Suttr-sf R5«.1O5 113 >
SF Drdk 6s — 113% I UR of SF 4s. S0*4 81
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. .. — 30 | Mar Nar Co. — CO
Amer Bis Co — 60 Nev Nat Bk.lSO —
Cal Cot Mils — SSNSRRCO.9U —
Cal GAECor. 4«% 50* |N Cal P Co. — 10H
Cal Powder.. 123 145 Oak Blc SaT.120 — %
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I A T.115 — ICKJF Hall A. « —
Cen Bk. Oak — 63 Orpheum Co. — 13*4
Chutes Co .. — 7H PacC Ca« Co.125 —
City A C Bk — *112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — . 7 Pac Sur Co. 105
East Dynm.. — 270 IParaf Paint.. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 |S F Drydock 60 —
. Do com ..40 50 4SFASJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — S J "Wat Co. — 108
Fischer Thtr — 60s SO « MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — SwiSts-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. — 14 |UR InC pfd. 47 —
LonA SF Bk — 60 | Do com ... »$£
Afternoon Session.
Board —
80 Cal Gas A Electrte Corp 47 00
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 73
Street —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 13
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 4ft
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 18
Caribou 360 ....
Claremont ......... ......... 70 75
Z OUT * «? 70
Fulton .... 2 00
Hanford 170 CO
Home 1 40 1 43
Imperial 18 CO
Independence 25 27
Kern 4 50 B CO
Kern River 10 00' 11 OO
Monarch (of Arizona.) ' 32
Monte Cristo 63 7O
Occidental of W Va 0« 10
Peerless 13 00
Sovereign 39 ....
Sterling /. 2 60
Superior 04 Cfl
Thirty-three ....'.. .... S 25
Toltec > 21
Twenty-eight 8 73
Wabash 2S
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 33 3D
Northern Cal Power 10 37 4
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 OO ....
. ---- SALES.
Morning Session.
200 Home 1 40
200 Home, b 30 1 43
Afternoon Session.
50 Sterling S TO"
Money— 2S?2H .per cent.*
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is Sfi^Vi per cent and for three
months" bills 2'3"Vt P«*r cent. /
Do pfd 07 H I Pennsylvania .... 60%
Bait & Ohio S5 | Rand Mines . 10Vi
Can Pacific .... .128*4! Reading 24%
Ches & Ohio 2.'.Vi Do 1st pfd 42*^
Chi Great West.. 74^1 Do 2d pfd .. S5^4
Chi. Mil*& St P. 150 ISo Railway 2.1
D# Beers 19 | Do pfd 89 U,
Den & Rio G 22>(,|So Pactfle 4!>?i
Do pfd 72 I Union Pacific 94
Erie 25HI Do pfd »9
Do 1st pfd tfl?4!U S Steel 11VJ
Do 2d pfd 37 I Do pfd 60
III Central 137^1 Waba*h 16^
Lou If & Nash 115 I Do pfd SBWf
M. K & Texas... 13 | Spanish 4s 86%
Bar silver— Steady,' 26 13-16d.per ounce.
Cons for money... 90HIN T Central 12H*
Do for acct..8O 5-lC|Nor A Western... 60H
Anaconda S 7 /«i Do pfd - 70
Atchlson- 76%IOnt & Western... i'9K
London Closing Stocks.
AYrr York Stocks receding again. Cotton higher.
Nothing nezv on the local stock exchanges.
Silver a fraction lower. European Exchange higher.
Linseed Oil marked up 5c per gallon.
Wheat and Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Old Oats and- Hay disappearing from the market.
Bran easy under free offerings. Corn quiet.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes in heavier receipt again. White Onions weak.
Vegetables declining under liberal supplies.
Poultry in ample supply, but steady.
Fresh Fruit market about as usual at this season.
Dried Fruits rule steady to firm in AVttr York.
Provision markets less firm in the JVest.
Active buying of Wool at Eastern points.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted. "\
Butter coming in heavily and easy. Cheese cleaning up.
Eggs continue to exhibit an advancing tendency.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Amer Pneu Tube. 4»(JiMont Coal & Coke 3*4
Amer Sugar 127% Old Dominion ... 12^,
Do pfd 127&|osceola 60?*
Amer Tel & Tel. 129 I Parrot 24V*
Amer Woolen ... 11 iQulncy 82
Do pfd ........ 76 (Shannon 5%
Dom Iron AS... 6^1 Tamarack 90
Ed Elect .Ilium.. 243 | Trinity .» *K
Gen Electric 128 |U S Mining 21 »
Mats Electric 1»*4|USOI1 10*4
Do pfd 72«.;|Utah 36S4
Mass Gas 39»8|Vlctoria 2%
United Fruit 103 jwtnona 7
Un Shoe Mach... 58 I Wolverine 73
Do pfd 29U
HOGS — Receipts. 4000; steady; bulk, $5 25®
5 35; heavy. $5 30(S5 40:. packers, $5 25@5 35;
p!e» nnd llfhts. $4 50i?5 35.
SHEEP— Rx-celpts. 1000: steady; muttons,
S3 noflr.- lambs. $5 5O®<\ 50; range wethers,
?3 75@4 50; ewe«, $3 6Of4.
KANSAS CIT"i. July' 7.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 2C0O; Pteady; native steers, $4 25*7-6 40:
native cows and heifers, $2i?5 25; stockers and
feeders, $2 75«4 75; bulls. $2 50@3 25; calves,
$2 50<g"4 75: Western fed steers, $4@C; Western
fe>] cows, $2^4 25.
Kansas Citv.
HOGS— Receipts, 13.000: lower; heavy, $5 20
©"» 30; mixed, $5 20^5 25; pigs, $5 15@5 22%.
SHEKP— Receipts, 4500; active, . steady to
hl£Ji«r: Western yearlings, 54@t 35; wethers,
$3 7C®4 25. ' -^
OMAHA. July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8200;
steady to higher; native steers, $4 50©6 10;
cows and heifers, $3#4 60; Western steers,
$3©4 65; range cows and heifers, $2 25@3 CO:
?tock«?rs and feeders, $2 50#4 15; calves, $2 60
03 25. -
Omaha.
HOGS— Receipts, ."2,0o0; 10c lower; mixed
and butchers. $5 iOif 5 50; good to choice heavy,
$5 50($5 e24; rough heavy, $5 30<g5 50; light,
$5 30g5 r.2>4. ;
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000:, market steady:
lniiibs steady; good to choice wethers, $4 20®
5 25; teirto -choice mix?d, $3 50(3^25: native
lambs, $4©7 55: Western sheep, $3 00@5;
Western lambs. $4 60®7 40.
CHICAGO, July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8000; steady; good to prime steers.' $5 40@
6 P0; poor to medium $4 50@5 25; stockers"
and feeders. $2 5t>®-4 30:- cows, $2 50@4 CO;
hf-ifers, $2S5 50: bulls, $2^4 40; calves, t» 50
Cii 75: -Texas fed steers, $3 50@5. \ \
Chicago.
on th« niL^i ne *i Potato « s w «« heavier than
a?rivifj. P tt, dlnsr < day> but Respite the Increased
Sr«M»* e mark * 1 cleaned up well and prices
d£iT« J h * ere * eI1 mal "ta»ned under a steady
Chile? J export - E «-ly Roee and Garnet
whiM? ~ easler - Particularly the former,
Sn* v :ere i m 2 8t^l * reen »nd unfit for shlp-
Ji^Vi v?, ed On'on* were In limited supply
and firm, while Sllverskins were slightly lower.
mt«!?fii5 larket wal 8tlu heavily supplied with
miscellaneous vegetables and. although trade
riw m °«? ra . teI . y - actlve - Prices continued to de
»f «i , Mls8tes| PP« Tomatoes were* offered freely
S,,,ll % per cra * e ' whUe * l waa an extreme
figure for small packages from near-by sec
tions. Large boxes from the river were • in
J 1 ",? 88 * 1 ¦ u rP lv a nd decidedly weak at a sharp
decline. Green Peppers. Corn, Cucumbers and
Summer Squash were abundant and prices of
all four descriptions ranged lower. Small
boxes of Cucumbers and Summer Squash are
no longer worth quoting
«, I^I A '^9 ES ~ New Bur'banks from the river.
$1 i5@2 25 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $2 28
?? r <£U; ? arly Rose - * l 50 ® 1 75 : Garnet Chiles.
?1 60@l 70; old Potatoes. $101 25 per ctl
ONIONS— New Red. $101 10 per sack; 811
versklns. $1 40®l 50 per ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $l@t 50 per
sack and $1 SO®1 75 per crate;" Asparagus 40
7e per lb: Rhubarb. 40tg~5c per box; Garden
Peas. 3y 2 @4c per lb: String and Wax Beans.
2bt4c per lb: Lima Beans, S@10e per lb; To
matoes In small boxes and crates 75cffl$l 18;
large open boxes. $1 5002: Summer Squash.
50@eOc per box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots,
$1 per sack: Cucumbers. 60075c per box; Gar
lic. S©4c per lb: Egg Plant, 5©Sc per lb;
Dried Peppers, SiglOc for sun-dried and 12H^
13c per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra. 12V.®
15c per lb; Green Okra, 13c per lb; Green
Peppers, 8c per lb for Chile and S@10c for Bell.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND BKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ¥i<3 lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9Hc; medium, Dc: light 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8ftc for heavy and 8^c for" light; Stag*
6c: Salted Kip. 0c; Salted X'eal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 10*4©llc; dry Hides, l*er dry Kip 13c
dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©40c
each; short Wool. 40<5J<53c each; medium 73Q
90c; long * Wool. $1®1 50; Horse Hides," salt.
|2 78 for large and $2@2 60 for medium 1 1 25
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts. * Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 60 for
medium. $161 25 for •mall and 50c for Colts
Buck. Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30$32>ie
Goat Skins— Prime Angoraa. 75c; extra large
do, $1 25: large and smooth. 50c; medium. 33c
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Ho per lb:
No 2 3%c: grease. 2%4J3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Hnmboldt and Mendo
dno 17010c: San Joaquin and Southern 12
morths', 10@12e; do 7 months'. 9Q>llc per jb-
Middle Counties, 13®17o for free and liijlSc
for defective: Northern. 16® 18c for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada. 13gl6c. accord,
ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 2SQ27Hc per lb for Call
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 19C4 crop are quoted
at- 17%©20c
. Advices from Boston report Wool very active,
with prices hardening and prospects better
than for a long . time. The sale* art running
larger than for a year past and the American
Woolen Company Is said to have Just tak%n
from 8,000,000 to 10, COO.OOO pounds. This
market, as already m/ntloned. Is well cleaned
up and very firm.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO. July 7.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creamery. 13&@17c; dairy. 12@15Wc. Eggs,
firm. 14{215c. Cheese, firm, 8%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
common* and 9c for pur«; half -barrels, pure.
9V t e; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9!,c; 3-ib tins
10c. -
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 3%c; three
half barrels. $Kc; one tlerce,»8%c: two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 25®4 60- Yellow
Mustard. $2 50©3; Flax. 7602- CanarT
6%@7c; Alfalfa. 14«giCc; Rape, 2t2Uc*Tm?-'
$!?&. ««** c; Hem P. 3^@4c P per lbrMUlTt.
3©3%c; Broom Corn Setd. $20fi^l per ton
DKIED PEAS- Blackeye $3 per etl- Mies.
$3 25; Giten Peta, $3@3 25 ' "*
$4 7505: Blaekeye, $2 05<f2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2£2 50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1^04.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 63; Pea $2 0OS3:
Butters, $3: small, White. $2 85©3 10; large
White. $2 35#2 60; Pink, $3 40® 3 50- Red
$1 25S-A 00; Lima, |3 30@3 40; Red Kidneys^
. There is no further change to report under
this head. '¦ Beans continue inactive and Canary
Seed 1b firm at, the noted advance.
Beans and Seeds.
J. A. Douglass, clerk and . book
keeper, San Francisco, filed a petition,
in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $330
and' has no assets. In the. matter of
the London and California Gold Min
ing and Milling Company. Limited. In
involuntary bankruptcy, the creditors
filed a petition yesterday in the United
States District Court to be allowed
to amend the petition by alleging that
the corporation had declared, in writ
i££ that It was unable to pay Its debts.
Bankrupt Clerk.
CHICAGO, July 7. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm: No. 2 spring whnat. JJ5®
97c- No. 3. 85(gO5c: No. 2 red. $1©1 02; No 2
corn, - 41 %e: ¦ No. 2 yellow. 52c ; No. 2 cats,
39^@40c; No. 3 white. 37041%c; No. 2 rye,
(5c- good fredicg barley. 32©37c; fair to choice
mailing. 42@50c; No. 1 fiaxseed. $1 12; No. 1
Northwestern. $117#; prime timothy ; seed,
$2 05; mess, pork, per barrel, $12 00«jri3; lard,
per 100 pounds. $7 05@7 07#: short rib* sides
floose). $7 37»i«T 60: short clear sides (boxed).
$7 2JV®7 60: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, -- contract grade, $10 76.
Articles — . < Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,.35.800 '" 20,700
Wheat, bushels..... 25,000 59,000
Corn, bushels..... 321.300 321,1)00
Oats bushels .196,000 87.-800
Kye bushels... 4.000 3,000
Lfariey. bushels 11,000 3,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer,
WILL SELL THIS DAY. 11 A. M..
The Elegant Furniture
of S-Room Flat,
430 EDDY STREET,
¦ L. H. BURD. Auction— r. \
fcn AUCTION SALE
I PALO ALTO, SATURDAY. July ». at K
a. m.. 1 win sell the contents of the El* CAP-
l T £?* , STABL ES. consisting of 43 rood horses.
4 Shetland ponies (perfectly gentle), with har-
ness. 3 large wagonettes, 2 three-seaters; S
good surreys. 10 buggies (open and top). 4O
seta of harness (single and double), whips,
robes, blankets; In fact, everything that go«#
to make op a flrst-claas Irvery stable. Every-
thing MUST be sold. No reserve nor limit.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Office 327 Sixth St.. San Franclaco. .Burnett's Extract of Vanilla — In puri
ty and strength pre-eminently . superior. *
Family to Be Deporfed.
The United 5 States Immigration De
partment has ordered the arrest of a
family of six persons * residing at Col-
Dies on a Steamer.
Elmer Bartels, a passenger from
Los Angeles on the steamer Santa
Rosa, died on board the steamer at 10
o'clock yesterday morning of natural
causes.
Dressmaker Dies Suddenly.
• Mrs. Bertha. Dufflo, a dressmaker,
•was found dead in her bed yesterday
at 529 Mission street. She had been
ill for four days. She was a widow, a
native of England, 63 years old.
Boy's Skull Fractured ; by > a , Fall.
Little Edward ' Wassard, the " 4-year
old'son of Harry .> Wassard, residing at
36- Natotna street, while, playing on
a: back stoop fellovera railing, into
the yard beneath, a distance of fifteen
feet, fracturing his skull. v He was
taken to the : Harbor ¦Emergency Hos
pital and treated by Dr. C. F. Millar.
There is a good chance for, the boy to
recover. " '
River "Excursion . to' Antioch.'
; Steamer H. J. Corcoran leaves north
end of Ferry building 9:30 a. m.. Sunday.
July 10, 1904, for Antloch, vla'Vallejo
and Glen Cove. Fare round trip to Anti
och $1.00, to Vallejo or Glen Cove, round
trip, 50c. For regular weekly schedule
see time table. Piper-Aden-Goodall Co.,
phone Main 641. • •
To ' Visit • San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
Camping at Mount Shasta.
The many people who spend their vacations
ln. the - Shasta region are-. never disappointed.
Its fishing, hunting and other ' outdooV' sports
bring new life to the weary and : brain-fagged.
Low round-trip • rates : on ..the- Southern . Pa
cific to all the resorts with stopovers to suit.
Ask for new Tahoe folder and full information
at 618 Market st. • .. • •
Docia Nolan, the "queen of the
crooks," has lost her battle for free
dom and must spend the next eight
years of her life behind the walls of
San Quentin. The- Supreme Court
took -final action in the famous case
yesterday by denying the appeal of
the adventuress for a new trial. Her
male associates in the conspiracy have
all been convicted and sentenced.
The offense which Docia Nolan
planned and fostered and for which
she goes to the- penitentiary was one
of the most cowardly and brutal in
the grim, annals of San Francisco's
crime. The woman learned that Mrs.
Matthews and Mrs. .Tuttle had a large
sum of money and valuable jewels at
their residence at 543 Haight ' street.
One night she told her consort. Mich
ael Nolan, and his murderous friends,
John Davis, and Bernard Whitelaw.
about her; discovery. :
A few days later the criminals met
and formed their conspiracy to se
cure possession of the wealth. They
learned that Mrs. Tuttle was thinking
of purchasing, a, rooming-house and
on the pretext that he had one to sell
Bernard Whitelaw .was enabled to en
ter the Matthews home and. to make
observations. 1 A short time afterward
Mrs. Tuttle was ¦• enticed f away from
hermother for a' few hours by a mes
sage written i by [the robbers. ,
When the elderly lady was left
Concert at, the Presidio.
. The Third Artillery * Corps • Band
will give its .-regular 'weekly .con
cert this afternoon^at 3:30 o'clock. on
the post parade ! grounds at .the Pre
sidio. Armarid Putz, ; chief musician,
has arranged ' the '- following -pro
gramme; March; "High Society" (Por
ter Steel);, overture, "Tannhauser"
(Wagner) ; .->, waltz, "The P.ostillion"
(Fahrbach) : selection, " "Bohemian
Girl" (Balfe) ; r : excerpts from , "Caval
leria RusticanaV (Mascagni) ;.' popular
two-step, "By. the Sycamore Tree"
(Hoffman)." • •> rVl *-
NINETEEN"- YEAR-OLD BOY
TAKES POISON FOR' LOVE
Frank Dntra dc Fnria Swallows:Car
bolic Acid Because He Thought
His Affection Was Misplaced.
Because he loved pretty Louisa Rose
of Niles and because she did not re
turn his affection Frank Dutra- de
Faira, a 19-year old laborer, killed
himself with carbolic acid yesterday
in his -room at 65 Jackson street.
Pinned to the lapel of his coat was a
badge of the order of Foresters. He
left a note in pencil reading as fol
lows: . • .
My Dear Father: Read this arid put i It
back in my pocket, if you please. • Don't
blame anybody for my death because no one
Is to blame but . myself, and that Is all' I
aik you for. ' '
My death clothes gift Is for Lewis Rose,
and please bury me Just the way I am
dressed. Please don't take any one. of' the
badges oft of my coat. Let them etay . for
the sake of the one who pinned them 'on.
Good-by. Tou will see me once more and
won't have much Pleasure and ' also the rest
of my friends. -Don't worry. Good-by; I
remain your son. Don't blame no ¦''one but
myself. ..-.
Woman Who Originated Plot
to Plunder the Matthews
House Must Serve Time
DOCIA NOLAN
LOSES APPEAL
alone In the house Whitelaw, Nolan
and Davis appeared. They rang the
bell and when the door was opened
by Mrs. Matthews forced their way
in. The aged woman was struck on
the head by Whitelaw and forced to
a lounge. The criminals then ran
casked the house, but secured only
$60 and a, gold watch. Whitelaw re
peatedly struck Mrs. Matthews on the
head with his revolver and threatened
to blow out her brains.
Bleeding from a score of wounds,
she finally sprang from the lounge and
opening the carlor door shrieked for
assistance. Whitelaw again pounded
her with his revolver and forced her
back. Mrs. Morris, who lived up
stairs in the same house, had heard
the cries, however, and crawling
through a window to the balcony she
also screamed for aid. The robbers
became alarmed and fled, but White
law turned back for a moment to
bruise and batter his aged victim once
again.
The men, when brought to trial,
tried to protect the Nolan woman, but
a note which practically^ established
her guilt was written in the City
Prison by her to her consort and in
tercepted by the police. Her parents,
who are well to do people of Stock
ton, tried hard to save her from pris
on, but in vain. -
Whitelaw received a life sentence.
Nolan got twenty-five years at Folsom
and Davis twenty years.
ton, in this State, and their examina
tion for deportation by" a special board
of inquiry to be convened at Los An
geles. The names are Francisco Cruz,
aged 40 years; Plorenza Cruz, 31; Bar
domiano Cruz, 12; Virginia Cruz, 10;
Sophia Cruz, aged 6, and Peter Cruz, 3.
It is alleged that Bardomiano . is a
leper and that he, with the remainder
of the family/ surreptitiously entered
the United States over/the border near
ET Paso on May 16, .1903, and that
therefore they, fire" not legally entitled
to remain. iw /; ' ' *
Calls for Contributions and Assess
ment In Support of the Stable
men and llackmen.
An appeal for funds with a recom
mendation that an assessment be col
lected irom all members affiliated with
the Labor Council has been issued by
the executive committee of the coun
cil In aid of the striking Stablemen's
and Hackmen's unions. The first to
respond to this appeal is the Carmen's
Union, which forwarded its pro rata
to headquarters without delay. Other
unions are expected to follow suit.
The following officers have been
elected by the unions named:
Federated Steamship Painter* 1 Union \o
«*0— President. William Kane; vice president
Frark Fort : recording secretary, J. F Hooper'
nr.anciEl secretary. O. W. JC Daub?- treasurer'
O.i.rles, Ross; sergeant at arms, William Brit
ton; conductor. George Burns: preceptor lid
ward Kcan; trustee*— J. Cullinan* Edward
ilS&n and Frank Fort; delegate to Labor Coun
cil, Jeremiah Cullinane.
Bakers' Union No. il — President, J Breit
ynittir: vice president. Bob Fritch; German
rtc-orc:r.g eecrt-tary. Christ Etraehle; General
btcrttary. Fred Ruby; treasurer, E Eisold"
trustcts-A. Whal. H. Ltraunnagle and A.'
Marshall; p-rveanu at arms— H. Phearson. j
Htrtel and J. Collins; business agent ' a'
Zabortki; executive board— Fred Ruby d e'
Tl"U£k. A. Zaborski, II. Bruunnagle j' Breit'
v.esi-er. Christ fitraehle and A. Hell'wig- <Jele
cr*tf<ij to diftercnt councils — E. Schraerer Fred
Rvby. A. Zabr»r t Vi. E. Rouck. D. Sehwartine
P. Klein. K. Hoffman, E. Rou?k and A. Hell
Wool Sorters" and Graders' Union— President
Joteph Barry; vice president, Samuel Dru«ran :
recoMlr.;* secretary. John Ryan; treasurer'
D?.r.Iel Donovan; sergeant at arms, ¦William
Cclsran.
It »*i the tense of the members not to
X-ftiade on Labop day.
At the last meeting: of the Barbers'
Union -No. 1S4 the following delegates
¦were elected to represent it at the
barbers' international convention
which will be held in Louisville. Ky}'
next October: Joseph R. Bleily, j'
Ducoinjr. Paul C. Hamann, He'nry
Hilky. Charles Koch, I. Widasky and
Edward Wallace; alternates. Max An
thony. A. V. Demniques, A- Gorfinkel
W. H. Hamilton. J. Love, H. Rosen
berg and Albert Temple.
liABOR COUNCIL WOULD
AID UNION* STRIKERS
CONVIVIALITY AXD CARDS
RUIN' RUSTIC POSTMASTER
C. A. Jensen of Cordelia Holds Out
$1400 and Gets Into Trouble
With Governments
Conviviality and cards are said, to
be responsible for the downfall of C.
A. Jensen, postmaster at Cordelia in
Solano County, who was held for trial
yesterday by United States Court
Commissioner Heaeock on a charge of
having failed to deposit with the post*
master of San Francisco $1421 38 re
ceived from postal money orders and
the sale of envelopes and stamps.
The complaint was made by Post
office Inspector Dennis Coyne, who
had discovered the shortage on the
occasion of a recent visit to Cordelia.
Inspector Coyne testified yesterday
that Jensen had admitted his short
age and was unable to produce • the
money when the witness made a for
mal demand for it. Jensen managed
to collect $821 38 from friends and"
turned that sum over into the pos
session of the inspector. Afterward
friends and relatives made up the re
mainder of the delinquency. * ,
The prisoner was admitted , to bail
on a bond of $500.
Judge Heaeock Returns.
United States Commissioner and
Master in Chancery Judge E. H. Hea
cock returned yesterday from his va
cation at Potter Valley, Mendocino
County. The Judge was very much
improved in health.
With all the self-assurance and
don't-care air of the man around town,
George Mario Buenaventura, alias J:
W. B. de Acevedoc, occupies a cell in
the city prison on a charge of forgery.
By the time Detective Ryan gets
through with the case more than one
charge may be pressed to prosecution.
The prisoner is now under arrest for
presenting a forged indorsement on a
draft for $100 to Du Val Moore, son of
George A. Moore, 208 California street.
The young man presented himself and
self-signed draft to Mr. Moore yes
terday morning. A letter of introduc
tion accompanied the draft, but the
moment Mr. Moore saw the signature of
Lawrence True affixed to the epistle
and also on the back of the draft, he
pronounced both documents forgeries
and summoned the police.
THE OLD STORY.
It is the old story of the butterfly
life. George Mario Buenaventura is a
native of Ecuador.. His father is a
physician employed by the Pacific Mail
Company at the Central American
ports and through his parent's standing
he was selected by the Ecuadorean Gov
ernment in 1897 as a promising pupil to
study mining and civil engineering in
the United States. In company with
three other native Ecuadoreans he was
sent to New York with $50 per month
in gold for ordinary expenses, the Gov
ernment defraying the cost of tuition
and the incidentals in a collegiate
course. '
His companions devoted their time to
study while he found the glitter of the
"merry-merry" more alluring and de
voted more time to the midnight bowl
than to the midnight oil. But he says
he completed his course at Columbia
University, and that h£ is a member of
the D. K. E. fraternity.
WORKED ECUADOREAX CONSUL.
On June 4 the young man called on
Alejandro Noboa, Ecuadorean Consul
General. It took but a little while to
get in the good graces of that .official
and have him cash a check for $15.
There were no funds to back it, and
when that fact was discovered the mis
guided youth was taken before Cap
tain Martin. He promised never to do
such a thing again. Owing to -the
position occupied by Mr. Noboa. he de
clined to prosecute and in fact gave
the culprit much good advice, with
transportation to Los Angeles. The
transportation was accepted but the
advice was ignored, for George turned
up in San Francisco shortly afterward
and by representing himself as a mem
ber of the college fraternity induced
Thomas B. Bishop. 532 Mai-ket street,
to cash a draft signed by himself and
drawn on his father, for $100. Again
there was no money coming, hence
Bishop notified the police to be on the
lookout for the young man from Ecua
dor, and also informed his . friend
Moore to keep his eyes open if the fel
low tried to get any coin from: him.
The warning was heeded and the arrest
followed. .--
Buenaventura is 23 years old, and
says he has never been arrested before.
As he was being taken up the elevator
at the city prison he dropped several
letters of introduction, and also a
draft for $99 SO purporting to be signed
by D. C. Burke of Lps Angeles.-, His
record is being. looked. up by. the police.
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— According
to the city directory, just issued,* thera
is no person named D. C. Burke in>Los
Angeles, and in signing that name
George j M. Buenaventura. ( alias 'De
Acevido, used a fictitious name. Dana
C. Burke, manager of the City Di
rectory Company, whose name is near
est that signed, denies all knowledge
of the man under arrest. Members of
several families named Burke know no
person named D. C. Burke.
The interests of local capital and la
bor were focused yesterday upon the
hearing, in Judge Hunt's court, o5 the
euit of. E. G. Pierce, manager of the
Nevada Stables, against the Stable
men's union by agreement between
the court and the attorneys for both
tides, the case is to be tried as a test
of the rights of labor unions to main
tain pickets and prosecute boycotts
against employers of non-union labor.
At yesterday's hearing the courtroom
•was crowded by partisans of both
Bides. Pierce's examination and cross
examination occupied nearly all the
day. T. C. Van Ness and Bush Finnell
conducted his side of the case and
Judge Maguire appeared for the union.
"When the 'day ended the hearing was
continued until next Monday morning.
From the list of witnesses to be exam
ined the trial will run over until late in
the week.
Pierce, upon direct and cross-exam
ination, related in detail the facts con
tained in the charges of his complaint,
beginning with the strike initiated by
the Stablemen's Union on April 22 be
cause he would not discharge a non
union employe. This man, he said,
•was not engaged in any particular
vork but was put on to learn the run
of the business. The morning th»»
Btrike was called his ten union em
ployes walked out, and he has not
eeen his non-union employe since.
GOT XOX-UXION CREW.
Pierce told In court of his efforts to
Jill his crew of laborers. In this he
euceeeded through -the help of the
Carriage Owners' and Liverymen's As
sociation. He recited in particular the
efforts of the union men to interfere
with his business. Pickets, he said,
•were stationed in front of his place.
From one to eight men carried ban
ners declaring his stable "unfair."
From ten to fifty men marched in a
circle in front of the stable during the
demonstrations, and their captain
called out in a loud voice to persons
passing on street cars calling attention
to the alleged unfairness of the stable.
Fierce said th^t he could not use his
men to raise hay into the loft without
paying fifty cents a ton for the service.
"When the strike was on the union
scared the Italians who were .removing
the manure from the place into desert
ing their job and he called upon the
Mayor and Health Department for re
lief. From the Mayor's secretary he
pot no satisfaction and when he noti
fied thf Health Department that the
situation was becoming a. nuisance he
grave notice that he had room for" two
more days' accumulation of manure
and after that was filled he would
dump it on the sidewalk and compel
th* Health Department to remove it.
Pierce told of threats against his
v.-atchrnan and other employes, and de
clared he had lost customers through
the acts cf mfn supposed to be repre
sentatives of the union.
STANDS BY OPEN* SHOP.
"When questioned as to his responsi
bility, or that of the Citizens' Alliance
for placing placards in the stable de
claring it to be an "opeD shop," Pierce
said that he had decided to run his own
business in his own way., instead of
letting the union run it for him.
At this point Judge Maguire suggest
ed that it would have been a good
thing if all organizations had kept oui
of the trouble and Mr. Van Ness re
pjjed tersely, "Undoubtedly."
Pierce admitted that he had said to
Finn, president of the Stablemen's Un
ion, that he would never take down the
"open shop" sign whether the union
xnen came to work or not..
After Pierce's evidence was in, C. P.
Monroe was called and he said that he
had been employed In a- laundry but
quit his job to offer his services to the
Stablemen's Union, and was made
"captain of pickets." In this capacity
he disposed of all the. unemployed
etablemen for service in front of
Etables supposed to be "unfair." He
eaid that he had only instructed the
pickets to call out, in a low tone, that
the 6table was "unfair," and he gave
the men orders to march around in a
circle in "the most conspicuous
places."
Monroe will be further questioned on
Monday.
As a lively finish to a dull day, the
prosecution in the Eppinger case
sprung a. surprise yesterday afternoon
when it offered the loan book in evi
dence. The defense was evidently un
prepared fcrr such a proffer and Attor
neys Ach, Shortrfdge and Dunne in
turn quoted authorities to prove that
the contents of the book were not ad
missible in evidence inasmuch as they
referred to transactions other than that
with which the defendant is charged
and no connection had been shown. In
response Attorney^ Campbell said:
W wish to show by this book that at the
time Jacob Eppinger made the alleged fraudu
lent statements by which he borrowed money
the firm of Eppinger & Co. wa6 already be
hind to the extent of $1.OOO,CCO and there was a
shortage of 30,000 tons In the warehouse. We
also intend to show that he Intended to de
fraud the International Banking Corporation
out cf its money. We have here collateral
evidflice that the firm knew its exact condition
and deliberately committed fraud.
TV. W. Topping, formerly bookkeeper
for the firm, occupied the witness stand
yesterday. From the hour of opening
court until three o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon he was kept busy identifying
checks. The prosecution last week of
fered a number of checks of the firm
signed by Jacob Eppinger to prove his
activity as a member of the firm just
prior to the failure. In return the de
fense to-day offered a stack of other
checks, covering the same period and
signed by Herman Eppinger. and Ber
nard Ettlinger. These vastly outnum
bered those signed by Jacob Eppinger.
After the checks had been, examined
Attorney Campbell asked on re-direct
examination: "Did you not say you
could tell the amount of the loans if
you had the loan book?"
"Y.es."
At this junction Detective Gibson ap
peared with the book and Attorney Ach
asked in an audible aside, "Did you
steal that book, too, Tom?"
"Can you tell by that book the
amount of loans outstanding that were
secured by the hypothecation of ware
house receipts?" was next asked, and
the witness replied in the affirmative.
Ach then objected to the introduction
of the book and after a lengthy argu
ment Judge Lawlor ruled that it might
be used to show the financial condition
of the firm at the time the loans were
negotiated.
The battle for possession of the
books, which was to have taken place
before Referee Green yesterday, was
postponed until Monday at 12:45. The
case goes on this morning at 10 o'clock.
Courtroom Is Crowded and
Hearing May Continue to
the Middle of Next Week
Checks Are Shown to Prove
That Jacob Transacted
Little of the Business
. . .
Neglects Captain Martin's
Warning to Mend His
Ways After Former Case
SURPRISE 'IS SPRUNG
EMPLOYER IS ON STAND
IS NOT THE FIRST TIME
Young Ecuadorean Offers
False Papers and Is Now
Charged at City Prison
Killing Adverse to Defense
Is Given by .Judge Law
lor in Eppinger Case
Judge Hunt Begins Trial
of Test Case for Injunc
tion Against Stablemen
SUIT TO STOP
PICKETS IS ON
PERMITS USE
OF LOAN BOOK
FORGED DRAFT
CAUSES ARREST
THE SAN FRANCISeO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 190*.
16
We do not sell anything that we cannot
guarantee. There is absolutely no risk in
bsying here. .
BEST TOMATOES, solid pack
5 cans 3Sc
Hesperian brand. Red ripe. Usually 10c can.
BEST PINK BEANS. 7 lbs 23c.
FLOTTB, XXX Patent Roller
-. % sacks 5J)c
Our highest priced brands. Purity or Acme.
Usually 65c.
23c COMB WATER WHITE HONET, i'Hc.
7BEKCZ CASTIX.E SOAP..3-lb. bar 10c
Makes fine lather. Best for skin and com-
plexion. Usually 30c.
35c JELLY GLASSES, dozen 23c.
BROKEN COFFEE, Java and Mocha
3 lbs. flOc
Always the same. Has flavor and aroma of
35c quality.
BEST LAUNDRY* STARCH. 5 lbs 25c.
XIAFA CLAKET, 4-year-old. .. .gal. tlZic
Tastf It at >tore; 3 gallons $1. U*ially Srtc gal.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE. 2 bots U3c.
POST OS SHERRY WfHJE gal. 6oC
Sonoma Winery. Rich Tonic Wines. Worth $1.
»c SALMON BELLIES, T for U3c.
JESSE MOOSE OS MONOGRAM AA...
nt. bot. G5c
Choice of best brands. Good Whisky at re-
duced price.
Butter! Batter! Batter!
Saturday Wiyht. from 6 to 11 O'clock. We
Will Sell All Best Brands of FANCY
CREAMERY BUTTER 10c and 15c Be-
low Usual Price. 3 Sqnarvs Umit.
1001 FillmoreSL 119 Taylor St
MARKS BROS.
BiTsPECIALS
One Taken From
Each Department
ON SALE
SPECIAL 1— • .j —
25c Hose IDC
WOMEN'S LACE HOSE, Fast Black, in
a neat Shell Design.
SPECIAL 2— -V^*
?5c Women's AC^
Petticoats **3C
Lijrht Weight BLACK i MERCERIZED
SATEEN PETTICOATS, Nice and Cool for
Summer Wear. .
SPECIAL 3- -, n
75c Wrappers OUC
WOMEN'S PERCALE WRAPPERS, in
Figures. Stripes or Floral Designs, Deep
Flounce, Bretellea over Shoulders Lined to
Waist.
SPECIAL 4- ¦•;> Ac ,
$1.50 Pique Skirts WC
Come in Black and White Polka Dot Ef-
fect. Front Gore Trimmed in Stitched
Folde. Full Flaring. Instep Length.
SPECIAL 3- -
75cWoiaen'sVests 42C
Mercerized Lisle, Low Neck. Sleevelees
Vests, com* in Pink, Blue and White.
SPECIAL 6- . _
75c Waists 45C
Made of White Lawn, in Pretty Designs
of Blue Rings or Black Dots, Fancy Stock
and Front Piped in Plaid, Full Pouch. Dip
Front. • •
SPECIAL 7— l : « rt
50c Boys* Overalls OVC
Made of an Extra. Heavy Quality of
Denim, in Blue and Brown.
SPECIAL 8- ,-
Laces: 12^c kind, £J 3C
an^hife 8 ;
MarksBrbs;
The Home of Honest* Values.
1220-1222-1224 MarKct St
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
9 ...TWO OF A KIND THREE OF A KIND... Q
y ..FOUR OF A KIND.. |
I " lip* A quick moving price put on/em all, that'll make |
I em go double quick— our finest included, no reserva- |
I il^^^W tions - That ' s the condit ion we find our smart |
*¦ iiP^ Juvenile stock in after the biggest Spring and f
I • Summer business our house has ever enjoyed. |
' iP^ £\(fc Hardy Tweeds— <S?^k /I Sk jPJa \l3^** | : / / f
l^ V «^^^^ Scotches that're as IS # £g4£p M^ 1^ \
colorings. Fashions £» . I (£4^ * «
[ VALUES that have character NOW ' $ J.UU |n^« -1 ff
: and ginger back of 'em. Two, three, four of a kind. Among' em Is Now 1 ; $i ' §
• ' sizes to fit chaps between the ages of 6 and 15 years. $5.00 val- $O.48 ' P'1 1
ues— price now $2.48. Styles as picture shows. • » \l 4 f
fl /*± : -¦> College t BUSTER BROWNS 1
\ $>>¥¦ Bl|lld ClOt D6S I About two hundred of these smart bits of \
|_ For Young Chaps | Juvenile finery— in the prettiest and fetchiest of |
| ffitf^^^^^ athletic' 'build suits. The | ual $6 and' $7 §
1 iPllS^^^^^^^ vance fal1 styles built on I Two, three, four J*^Sa %
MCT^***^ OUT WITH 'EM fc^stow**^^