VOLUME XCVI— NO. 49.
GENERAL KELLER ADVANCES
AT NIGHT AND ATTACKS AT
DAWN UNDER COVER OF FOG
ST. PETERSBURG, July 18.— General Kuropatkin reports that Lieutenant General Keller lost More than 1000 killed or wounded in
the attack on Motien Pass on July 17. The Russians attacked at dawn under cover of a fog, after a night march, and the battle continued
fifteen hours. Finding the enemy's position too strong to be taken without the aid of artillery, Count Keller withdrew his forces.
RUSSIANS LOSE MORE THAN A THOUSAND MEN
IN ATTACK UPON JAPANESE AT MOTIEN PASS
LOOMIS IS KILLED
BY A BLOW WHILE
ON LINER'S DECK
Continued on Page 2, Column 4, j
FIXAL EFFORT FOR PEACE.
Should Donnelly's Plan Fall. General
Strike Will Be Called To-Day.
.CHICAGO, July 18.— One more effort
will be made ; to settle " the stockyards
strike by arbitration. To-morrow Pres
ident Donnelly,: of the striking union,
will send to the packers a letter asking
for another, conference. -Donnelly will
"After the occupation by General
Kuroki's army of the passes in the
Fenshui Mountain chain, bur informa
tion concerning his position was in
general inadequate. According to
some reports his army had been rein
forced and he had even extended his
forces toward Saimatsza. Other re
ports said that a displacement of his
troops had been made in the direction
of Ta Pass and Siuyen. There were
even indications that Kuroki had
transferred his headquarters from
Taskhahekan-to Touinpu. '*'¦&>
• "On' the strength' of this information
received and on the basis of recon
naissances which had been made, ,the
hypothesis was formed that the prin
cipal forces of the enemy were con
centrated around Linshankwan and
that ;their advance guard should be
strengthened in the passes of Siaokao,
Wafankwan, Sinkia/ Lakho and Pa
pau, as'well as at Sybey Pass, two and
a half miles north of the road and
half the height of Siaokao Pass.
KELLER ORDERED TO ATTACK.
"On July 16, in order to determine
the strength of the enemy, it was de
cided to advance against his position
in the v direction of, Linshankwan.
Lieutenant General Count Keller had
been Instructed not to start with the
object of. capturing the pass, but to
act according to the strength of the
force . that he would find opposed, to
him.
"The left column of the expedition
ary force, consisting of three bat
talions," was dispatched toward Sybey
Pass. The entire column, commanded
by Major General Kashtalinsky, con
sisting of fourteen battalions with
.following dispatch from General Kuro
patkin to the Emperor, dated "July 17,
on our eastern front," was given out
to-night:
"At about 5:30 o'clock on the morn
ing of July 17 the Japanese, in con
siderable strength and with numerous
guns, occupied Wafankwan pass and
the mountainous bluffs to the south
on the flank of General Kashtalin
sky's column. From this position and
from the crest of the mountains to
the east of the heights surmounted by
the Temple the enemy directed a very
heavy rifle and artillery fire.
"General Kashtalinsky advanced to
occupy the bluffs, sending forward at
"During the night the Japanese had
evacuated Siaokao Pass and the
heights surmounted by the Temple,
leaving only outposts there. At dawn
General Kashtalinsky*s column occu
pied -these passes, driving back tho
Japanese advance posts.
twelve guns, was destined to attack
Siaokao Passt the heights surmounted
by the Temple and Wafankwan Pass.
The right column, eight battalions
strong, was occupying points where
the roads leading to Sinkia and Lakho
passes cross, in order to cover the left
flank of General Kashtallnsky*s col
umn. The general reserve was left
at Ikhavuan, and a portion of the
force occupied a position at that place.
"At 10 p. m., July 16, the head of
the column advanced from Ikhavuan.
At 11 o'clock a battalion of the Sec
ond Infantry dislodged a Japanese
outpost at the point of the bayonet at
the crossing of the Lakho and Sinkia
roads.
JAPAXESE FIRE EFFECTIVE.
"The , details of this engagement
have not been verified, but its general
course, according to telegraphic re
ports sent in by General Keller, was as
follows:
LOXDOX, July 10.-— The Daily Express this morning prints the following dispatch, dated July 18, from its
correspondent at Malta: "The British Mediterranean fleet left here to-day for Alexandria. It is believed that the
destination of the fleet may be connected with the presence of the Russian volunteer fleet steamships in the Red
Sea. The British cruiser Terrible is said to have sailed from Suez to-day for the purpose of looking after the In
terests of British merchantmen."
LONDON, July 19.— The corre
spondent of the Times at General
Kuroki's headquarters says that the
Japanese loss during the fighting at
Motien Pass on July 17 was trifling.
TOKIO, July 18. — General Kuroki
reports that two divisions of the Rus
sian army made a desperate assault on
Motien Pass at dawn, on July 17, but
were repulsed. The casualties were
not stated.
At 3 o'clock on Sunday morning, a
heavy fog veiling their movements,
two divisions of Russians, commanded
by Lieutenant General Keller, made an
assault on the Japanese positions at
Motien Pass. General Kuroki's report
adds that the Russians assailed all; the
Japanese positions at Motien and in its
vicinity desperately. The Japanese re
sisted stubbornly, repulsed the Russians
and pursued them for a considerable
distance westward. Kuroki in his re
port praises the valor of his men.
LONDON, July .19.— The Morning
Post's" correspondent at 'General
Kuroki's headquarters, telegraphing
under date of July 17, says:
'/A Russian force, apparently, about
20,000 strong, attacked the front, left
and right of the Japanese positions on
the western slope. of Motien Pass at 2
a. m. to-day under cover of a dense
fog. The sudden onslaught drove' in
the Japanese \>utposts, but as soon as
reinforcements" arrived the Japanese
gallantly adva'riced to I the/attack and
after severe fighting drove off the Rus
sians and reoccupied the position. The
Russians retired, their retreat being
well covered. The fighting lasted until
3 o'clock In the afternoon, and when I
left the scene desultory firing. was still
proceeding."
-. :ST. >PETERSBURG t . July 18 t — The
IQiiroki's Army Repels the Foe and Gains a Decisive,
Victory With a Trifling Loss.
EUROPEAN' STATESMEN WHOSE GOVERNMENTS HAVE BEEN AROUSED BY THE b'ElZl'RK O^' NT.UTRAL STWMSHIPS
BY RUSSIAN WARSHIPS AND OTTOMAN RULER WHO IS PERMITTING ARMED VESSELS OF THE BLACK SEA
FLEET TO PASS THE DARDANELLES IN SPITE OF THE TREATY OF PARIS.
NEGRO WHO ACCOMPANIED F. KENT I-OOMIS ON VOYAGE ENDING IN
THE LATTER'S DEATH AND WHO IS PROCEEDING TO THE CAPITAL OF
KING MENELIK AS BEAREROP TREATY LOOMIS WAS TO DELIVER.
Non^Committal Verdict Is Rendered
by Coroners Jury.
who was acting as a special messen
ger for the American Government, car
rying important dispatches from the
Government in Washington to the em
bassy in Paris.
Dr. Webb, ..after describing the
wounds, said that they were inflicted
before "death. He added that Loomis
might have been stunned and fallen
into the water and been drowned. It
was not a sharp wound, but possibly
the result of a fall on his head. Either
he . struck something or something
struck his head.
The blow was not inflicted after
death. Supposing the deceased had
ascended on deck at midnight tu take
the air and 'gone to an unprotected
space where the davits were and fallen,
that would account for the wound.
He died as the result of a blow, but
there was nothing to Indicate how the
blow, which . was a very heavy one,
had been' inflicted.^ The blow seemed
to have been struck In a horizontal
direction. The wound was about an
inch and' three-quarters long and pear
shaped.
Replying' to Consul Stephens, Dr*.
Webb said the blow might have caused
death If Loomis had not fallen into
the' water. He thought it was im
probable that Loomis would have re
covered from the blow, even if he had
not fallen into the water.
Consul Stephens explained to the
Coroner that if the time at which
Loomis'. watch had stopped was Amer
ican time it meant one o'clock here,
which was about the time the Kaiser
Wilhelm II reached Plymouth on June
20. None of the official papers carried
by Loomis were lost or stolen.
RUSH TO THE ROSEBUD
-COLXTRY IS IXCREASIXG
Special Trains Carry Many Men and
Women Uomcscckcrs to Recently
Opened Reservation.
OMAHA. Neb., July 18.— The Chicago
and Northwestern Railroad ran two
specials in addition to its regular trains
to Bonesteel and Fairfax last night
and to-day, carrying over 2000 men and
women who propose to register for land
In the Rosebud reservation, recently
cpened for homestead entry by the
Government. The rush to the Rosebud
country Increases as the time for regis
tration expires, and it is estimated that
about 60.000 persons have thus far
registered.
YANKTOX, S. D.. July 18.-The gi
gantic ruth at Yankton develops into
almost a stampede. Thirty-three thou
sand had registered up to closing to
night. To-day's record was 5055, and
that will be exceeded to-morrow.
The fever for land seems to have
taken possession of thousands who
heretofore had no thought of coming
here to regieter. The crush in the city
and on the trains is indescribable.
Railroad officials say they have more
than they can possibly haul to Yank
ton. The Northwestern traJn. in three
sections, brought 2000 persons. Hun
dreds will stay up all night to be early
in line to-morrow.
Refugees From Teheran Give Appall
in? Accounts of the Ravages
of the Disease.
BAKU, Russia, July 18. — Refugees
from Teheran tell terrible stories of
the ravages of cholera- They say that
on some days the mortality reached
S00. The Europeans are abandoning
their property and are fleeing to a
:amp In the mountains. There is a
pitiable condition of affairs at the
railroad ctations, .which are almost
Irttbout food, . v -
MNE HLXDRED DEATHS
A DAY FROM CHOLERA
WOMAN LEAPS OVERBOARD.
PLYMOUTH, England,. July 18.—
Tragedy again marked the homeward
voyage of the ' North German Lloyd
steamer . Kaiser Wilhelm II. On the
arrival of the vessel here to-day al
most at. the hour that an inquest was
being held over the body of, F. Kent
Loomis, it was announced that a sec
ond-class , passenger, ¦ Mrs. Lipschitz,
had^ committed suicide by jumping
overboard when the ship was one day
put from- New York. Hundreds of
passengers : witnessed ; the « suicide and
watched the', efforts [fit a- lifeboat to
rescue-.the woman,' ., ' v
Continued on Pose 2| Column .1.
KINGSBRIDGE. Devonshire, July 18.
"Found dead, washed up by the sea
in Bfgbury Bay, Devonshire," was
the verdict to-day of the Coroner's
jury in the inquest over the body of
F. Kent Loomis. The evidence was
very inconclusive and wholly con
jectural, as pointed out by the Cor
oner when he advised this verdict, add,
ing that although death was caused
by a blow there was nothing to justi
fy the suspicion that it was foully ad
ministered.
Consul Stephens of Plymouth has
charge of the body, which is in a fair
state of preservation. It will be em
balmed and sent home for burial as
early as possible and practicable.
The inquest to-day threw the
picturesque little Devonshire village
of Thurleston, on the shores of Big
bury Bay, Into a state of unwonted ex
citement- The court, over which the
Coroner, Dr. Sidney Hacker, presided,
was somewhat late In assembling, in
consequence of the delay in carrying
out the official medical examination of
the body. This was conducted by. two
local doctors, whose testimony was to
the effect that there was a contused
wound below and behind the right ear.
There also was a general .bruise, in
volving the scalp and the integument
of the brain on the left side above' the
ear. Both wounds, in the doctors'
opinion, were inflicted before death.
The American Consul at Plymouth,
Joseph G. Stephens, attended the pro
ceedings. After the Jury had viewed
the body the first witness, Thomas
Snowden, a laborer, who discovered the
remains In the breakers, testified to the
recovery of the corpse.
A' policeman, who searched the body
told of the recovery of a gold watch,
which- had stopped at 6 o'clock; some
English gold and silver coins and a
•pocketbook containing $60 in American
notes, a report for a subscription to
the Blennerhasset Club, a railroad pass
issued in the name of F. Kent Loomis,
a receipt from the Grand Hotel, Broad
way, New York, for $250, which Loomis
desired to be sent to his wife; a gold
ring with the name "Mildred" inside,
etc.
Consul Stephens testified that he had
Been the body, and, from . Information
supplied to him officially,' he unhesi
, tatinsrly. Identified It as that of Loomis,
The operating forces of the- big
plants approximated about half the
normal to-day, according to reports
given out. All did a great deal of kill
ing, it was claimed, Armour, slaughter
ing cattle at the rate of 140 an hour,
and Nelson," Morris &' Co., with 1800 men
at work, slaughtering. 120. Swift & Co.
were .Bald to' have . 1600 men in their
plant killing 100. cattle and 150 hogs an
hour. All of ¦ the i departments were as
serted; to have been in operation.
A special meeting of the Packing
house Teamsters' Union will be held on
Wednesday night to determine whether
or not the drivers shall quit work. The
teamsters to-day protested against,
several of 'the companies endeavoring
to have the teamsters haul supplies for
strike breakers. j£f ••
Of the men Injured in Sunday's riot
near the stockyards, two are in a criti
cal condition.
A flank movement by the strikers de
veloped to-day in the announcement by
President Donnelly that in conjunction
with William Sterling, vice president of
the Butchers' Workmen's Union; John
Floersch, secretary of the Packing
Trades Council and Philip Murphy,
"champion butcher of the world," re
cently employed by Swift & Co., he will
start a small packing house where
union butchers may secure supplies -at
prices which will enable strikers to
purchase meat without contributing to
the profits of the big concerns. Cattle
and hogs have already been bought.
President Donnelly asserted, the plant
secured and operations are expected to
begin to-morrow.
TEAMSTERS MAY STRIKE. V
"We can win— if you stick by the
union: if you obey the union when it
says 'Molest no person or property and
abide strictly by the laws of the coun
try." MICHAEL DONNELLY."
President Donnelly to-day sent out a
circular urging the men against vio
lence, as follows:
"We mt/st win— because every Amer
ican citizen must have living wages;
must have the very, best for the chil
dren; must stand for recognition of the
union.
Airs. W. Clifford, attracted to her
window by the sound of men fighting,
saw the attack and declares she can
identify several of Bartusiakovis' as
sailants.
DOXXELLY'S ADVICE UXHEEDED.
The motorman of a car approach
ing not long afterward saw the body in
time to stop the car, but not before
the wheels had passed over Bartusia
kovis' shoulder. The injured man was
taken to the County Hospital. He has
not regained consciousness.
CHICAGO. July 18.— Slugged into in
sensibility by a half-dozen men
to-day and left for dead on the
tracks of- the ' Ashland-avenue trol
ley , lines, at ..West Forty-seventh
street, Anton Bartusiakoyis,' an ' em
ploye? of the Swift packing, plants is
dying in the County Hospital. His in
juries, in the opinion^pj^fn** inspector,
were inflicted by.; strike sympathizers
arul the wheefeof a trolley. The men,
according to a witness who has talked
to the' police,, set upon Bartuslakovis
as he was going home from" work.
When they could not make him join
the strikers they broke his skull, frac
tured his jaw, kicked him on the face,
head and body and then threw him on
the car tracks.
The letter indicates very clearly that
the writer referred to Krupp in Ger
many and the Le Creusot factory in
France. Arms made at both plants
have been taken from captured Insur
gents.
"Thf principal object of this letter,"
he ¦wrote, "'is to state to you that a
representative of two great arms man
ufacturers of Germany and France so
licited a conference with me, in which
this gentleman stated that it was very
urgent that I should deposit with him
the amount of fun<is agreed upon ac
cording to the price — eighteen pesos
for each rifle, with 500 cartridges for
each rifle— as according to the gentle
man I believe .the insurgents of
Knangsi and Kuangung wish to buy
ours. Tou \-ery well know that the
firms furnished the steamers that are
to conduct arms and that in case of
misfortune the firms lose their
steamer."
C\LL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
A\\A SHINGTOX. July IS.— Arms for the
insurgents in the Philippines are sup
plied by Gtrraan and French manu
facturers. This hae at last been proved
to the satisfaction of the officers of
the insular government, who have
lone euspected it.
Arterr.. » Ritarte, an insurant leader.
known as= "The Pioer," was recently
convicted in Manila of conspiracy
asainst the Insular government and
sentenced to six years' imprisonment.
Upon his person was found a copy of
a letter written by him to Prine Luis,
a Tagralog in Manila, when Ricarte was
a member of the Hongkong junta,
la it he speaks of French and German
mar.ulaoturers and their business as
something of long standing knowledge
with Luis and himself.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
Indicates That Krupp and Le Crensot
Factories Are Dealing With
the Tribesmen.
Chiefs of the Chicago Butchers' Union
Will Start Packing Plant
of Their Own.
Telltale Letter Found Upon
the Person of a Cap
tured Leader.
Slugged Into Insensibility
anlT&en Crushed Under
Moving Wheels.
French and German
Firms Arming
Insurgents.
Brutal; Grime Witti
Strike Breaker
as Victim.
EUROPE AN
RIFLES FOR
FILIPINOS
LEFT DYING
ON TROLLEY
CAR TRACK
rorccatt mad* at Ban Tran
dsco for thirty hours eadiar
midnight. Only 19:
San Francisco and Tielalty—
Fair Tuesday; llcht soutn winds,
chanrlnff to brisk westerly, with
tog. A. G. tfoAOXE.
District Forecaster.
THE "WEATHXS.
THE THJBATEB3.
Alcazar — "Ti© Prisoner of
Sends."
California — "A Thoroughbred
Tramp."
Central— "Bot)ert Emm at."
Colombia — "Cousin Sato" aaA
"Carrots."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
riscber'» — "A Lnciy Stone."
Orand — "Tao Cowboy and tha
lady."
Orpfcauxn — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — "Bobln Hood."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.WASHINGTON,- July 18.— The au
thorities are viewing with equinamity
the actions of the Russian privateers
in the Red Sea. It is said that there
is; little chance of America, becoming
involved, -because the American ves
sels passing through the Red Sea and
the Suez canal, excluding warships and
transports, have scarcely averaged one
a year for several years -past
passed the Dardanelles as a merchant
man and assumed the role' of a war
ship in the Red Sea. In determining
her status" only two alternatives are
permissible— she is either a warship or
a pirate— and Russia having every rea
son to prevent Germany pressing for
a decision on this point will, It is be
lieved, gracefully disavow the rash act
of the Smolensk. .
The newspapers strike a sharp note
to-day in discussing the ... seizure of
malls i from the Prinz Helnrich and
raise^. a unanimous demand for a
speedy apology. The Tageblatt ' refer?
to i the trial which the Prussian au
thorities began on July. 12 at Koenigs
burg, at the instance of the Russian
Government, agamst seven Social .Dem.
ocrats accused of having . smuggled
anarchistic literature into Russia, and
says:
"It is not a bad Jest of history,, that
this infringement of international law
should strike precisely that -power
which unmistakably reveals itself at
Koenlgsburg as a too subservient tool
of j Russian reaction and police arbi
trariness." '•
IOWA CITY, Iowa, July 18.—Al
though the unexpected resignation of
A. W. Maxwell from the State com
mittee spoiled one fight that seemed
likely to make to-morrow's Democratic
State convention interesting, another
and larger fight has come up to take
Its ' place. The anti-Hearst Democrats
have now turned their guns upon
Charles A. Walsh, member of the Dem
ocratic National Committee for Iowa,
and it is purposed to-night to oust him
from a place on the State committee, to
which he was elected by the last State
convention on May 4.. Having forced
out Chairman Maxwell, who ', was
elected to that position in violation of
all precedent by*, the Hearst majority
in the State convention, the conserva
tives are now determined to humiliate
and discredit Walsh, who also was a
Hearst leader in the recent fight in
Iowa. There is reason to believe that
the conservatives will succeed If they
undertake this, for they are clearly
In control of the situation and Max
well's resignation has demoralized the
Hearst forces/
The various places on the ticket were
to-day tendered one man after another,
only to meet with refusal. To-night
it is uncertain who will be named.
The - platform adopted will be . dic
tated by conservatives, who will re
iterate the terms of the national plat
form.
HUMILIATING HEARST MEN.
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 18.— Politics
played small part in Judge Parker's
life to-day. The departure for New
York of Kern and Sheehan left the
Judge alone. The telephone at Rose
mount was burned out during an elec
trical storm last night and communica
tion with the Kingston telephone ex
change was- impossible during the fore
noon.
Judge Parker decllred to gay any
thing about the published story that he
had invited Charles F. Murphy, leader
of Tammany Hall, to come to Rose
mount and that the latter had declined.
There la good reason, however, -to re
gard the story as devoid of fact! -It la
well understood here that Judge
Parker, Sheehan and their friends have
no wish to affront Murphy in any way.
It is known that Tammany is to have
much more than nominal consideration 1 ,
but there is no reason to suppose that
any direct overtures have yet gone
forth from Rosemount. >>. k
WANTS TAMMANY'S AID.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 18.— A Sheridan (Wyo.)
special to the Miner says that Manuel HJ11. a
lad 19 years, of ape. last nisht stabbed Konster
Pvreen. a Flnlander. In the neck during a
di-unken row, killing him. Hill ha. been
lodged in Jail.
Denunciation Rendered in English,
Frencli. Italian and Polish.
SPRING VALLEY, 111.. July 18. —
Five thousand miners from Spring
Valley, La Salle. Peru,* Oglesby, Lada-
MIXERS DENOUNCE PEABODY.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., July 18.— The
United States Cotton Company, at
Central Falls, to-day posted notices
that, commencing July 25, a wage re
duction, the 'amount of which had not
been determined, would go into effect
About 550 hands are employed.
Rhode Island , Corporation Notifies
- Employes of Coming Reduction.
WILL PAY SMALLER WAGES.
ST. LOUIS. July 18. — The effect of
the injunction issued by the St Clair
County Circuit Court at Belleville,
III., restraining the striking butchers
and meat cutters from interfering with
the operation of the East St Louis
packing-houses or the non-union men
employed by them has served to in
tensify the situation.
The strikers have taken it to mean
that the packers have determined to
operate their plants at once with
large forces of non-union men and the
] tickets have been increased in the vi
cinity of the packing-houses.
In St. Louis the price of meat open
ed to-day with a slight increase ove.r
the closing quotations of Saturday.
St. Louis Strikers.
Court's Injunction Excites the East
PICKETS ARE REINFORCED.
ST.* PAUL, Minn., July IS.— The strik
ers to-day allowed all the women em
ployed in Swift & Co.'s office to enter
the yards, but barred the men. Pend
ing the arrival of the Sheriff, the clerks
were lined up on one side of the rail
road track, while a strong force of
pickets on the other side prevented
their going into the works.
to Enter Swift's Plant.
South St. Paul Strikers Permit Them
WOMEN NOT MOLESTED^
Miss Alice Roosevelt, who has been
visiting friends on Long Island, reached
here to-day. - This is the first time she
•has been at home since the arrival fc«£«
of the family for the summer.
Former Secretary of War Elihu Root
is an overnight guest of President
Roosevelt at Sagamore Hill. It is
known that he came to confer with
Roosevelt concerning the speech he will
deliver next week at the time of his
notification. This is the first time the
President and Root have met since the
convention, at which the latter, as
temporary chairman, sounded the key
note, of the Presidential convention.
OYSTER BAY, July 18.— President
Roosevelt received by appointment to
day a call from a committee represent
ing the International Federation of
Musicians, the members desiring to file
with' him a protest against the admis
sion to the United States from foreign
countries of musicians who come here
under contract. The committee con
sisted of J. -M. Weber, president, and
F. M. Smith, secretary of the Musi
cians' Union of New T.ork City. .
They reported to. the President that
by the admission to this country of
musicians who came here under con
tract a • serious hardship is worked
against all resident" professional musi
cians', and they urged that the contract
labor law ought to be so construed by
the authorities as to exclude musicians
precisely as contract laborers are ex
cluded.
The' President received the protest
and promised to take the subject under
consideration at once with Secretary
Metcalf of the Department of Com
merce and Labor.
Against Foreign Artists.
Union Musicians Brinff Grievance
VISIT THE PRESIDENT.
Jack leaves a wife and four sons.
Mrs. Jack was with her husband in his
last illness. He was 63 years of age.
The former residents of Montana who
reside here have what is known as the
Montana Headquarters Club. Thi3 or
ganization has palatial clubrooms.
which were furnished by Jack free of
expense to the club. The members of
the organization sent a telegram to the
widow to-night, asking that the body
be sent to Los Angeles for burial.
LEWISTON, Ida., July 18.— William
Jack, a capitalist of Los Angeles, died
of heart failure at Grangeville, Idaho
County, this morning, where he was
visiting. The deceased was a well
known Montana pioneer.
LOS ANGELES, July IS.— William.
Jack, who died in Idaho to-day, was
one of the best known of the mining
men who make their homes In this
city. He was an early pioneer of Idaho
and Montana and wasi . prominent in
mercantile and political circles, being
for many years chairman of the Board
of County Commissioners of Silver Bow
County, Montana. After leaving Mon
tana he went into active business in
Portland, being of the firm of Crane.
Jack & Co. For the past seven years
Jack has been a resident of this city.
WILLIAM JACK IS DEAD.
KANSAS CITY, July 18.— A party of
non-union men employed by the Fow
ler Packing Company was attacked to
day by strikers and Thomas Young, a
negro non-union- laborer, was struck on
the head by a stone thrown by one of
the strikers. Frank White was arrest
ed and Identified as one of the men who
threw stones. A bond for White's ap
pearance in police court was given.
Rock Hurled by a Rioter Hits a Non-
Union Negro.
STRIKE BREAKERS ATTACKED.
CHEFU, July 18.— The k steamship
Hipsang, belonging to the Indo-Chlna
Navigation - Company, is at present
forty-eight hours overdue from New
chwang, and is reported to have struck
a mine. The vessel's agents cannot
confirm this report, although they are
inclined to believe It.
Steamship Hlpsang, From New
chwanjj, Is Overdue at Chef u. '
MAY HAVE STRUCK A MINE.
TIENTSIN, July 18.— The Japanese
have taken the steamship Hsiping, re
cently captured,, to Sasebo, to await
the action of the naval prize court The
captain of the Hs.iping has informed
her owners that there is nothing of a
contraband character on board, and
the reason for her seizure is unknown.
Captain of the Steamship Hsiplng
Cannot Understand Her Seizure. .
NO CONTRABAND ON BOARD.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Owing to the
agreement among the 3000 beef dealers
of this city that they buy no more beef
until high prices created by the strike
s-hall have again become normal, all
but ten Kosher shops are reported
dosed. Throughout the east side and
Harlem watchers from the Benchmen's
1'nion. working for the association of
Kosher butchers, watched the shops
and reported every one that was open.
The threat had been made that any one
tilling beef would be arrested under
the Sunday law. Only one of ten
butchers t=u?pected was arrested. He
was discharged because it could not be
proven that he sold any meat. He de
nied having; disposed of any. Three
wagon loads of fresh meat sent to the
tast Fide and offered for 12 cents was
ppurned by all of the butchers. They
raid that if they offered it to the pub
lie at the high prices their shops would
be mobbed. The meat was sent back,
but the wagons went the rounds a sec
ond time, offering it for 11 cents a
pound. No one took it. A rate of 6^
cents was all the butchers said they
¦would pay.
This united action of the Kosher
butchers enforces the most complete
meat fast ever kno\\*n on the east side.
Kosher Butchers in Xew York Will
Buy Xo High Priced Beef.
COMPLETE MEAT FAST.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The Com
missary Department of the army does
not anticipate any trouble in procur
ing supplies on account of the butch
ers' strike. A large amount of meat,
especially bacon, already had been sup
plied by the army and the only diffi
culty might be in the filling of orders
for canned meats in the Philippines.
The department, however, has enough
of this food for the next shipment to
the islands and there are large sup
plies at nearly every army post. Army
posts in this country can be supplied
with sheep to be slaughtered at the
posts.
Face a Meat Famine.
Soldiers In the Philippines Will Not
ARMY IS WELL SUPPLIED.
TIENTSIN, July 18.— The steamer
Fuping, ¦ just arrived here from New
chwang, reports that on July 16 the
Japanese army was'wlthin fifteen miles
of that city. The^ officers of the Rus
sian gunboat Sivoutch have saddled
horses alongside ready to make their
escape upon the approach of the Jap
anese.
Saddled Horses Are Stationed Near
the Russian Gunboat Sivoutch.
READY FOR SUDDEN FLIGHT.
NEW YORK, July 18.— As a result
of the strike of the New York Transfer
Company's men, the baggage rooms of
the Pennsylvania, Erie, Jersey Cen
tral, Baltimore and Ohio, Lehigh Val
ley and Ontario and Western railroads
are "crowded with trunks! The com
pany made no attempt to send out
wagons to-day.
Up' to the present time none of the
other transfer companies has been af
fected, but Walking Delegate Thomas
Braden of the Railroad Express
Drivers said to-night that in all prob
ability the strike would extend to the
other companies In a day or two If
their demands for Increased pay were
not met by. the New York Transfer
Company.
Ties Up Baggage.
Strike of Xew York Express Drivers
TRAVELING PUBLIC SUFFERS.
'SINTZINTIN, sixty-six miles east of
Mukden, July 18.— There are constant
skirmishes in this region between Amur
Cossacks and Japanese scouts. The
Japanese made an unusually heavy
attack on the Russian outpost at Tzy
snchan, when 100 cavalry, and 700 in
fantry rushed the camp and forced the
Cossacks to retire. The following day,
however, the Japanese retired and the
Russians reoccupled the- position. .
RUSSIA'S POSITION 'AWKWARD.
Diplomatic circles believe Russia will
speedily disavow the seizure; V since a
refusal to do so will certainly Talse
the question of the status of the Smo
lensk. Discussions of the Incident
among the foreign diplomats show
there, is a belief that the. raising of
this question wfll. be extremely .awk
ward for Russia, since the Smolensk
ST. PETERSBURG, July 18.— Russia
does not foresee international compli
cations on account of the passage of
the volunteer fleet steamships through
the ' Dardanelles and their subsequent
conversion into war cruisers. The
framers of the treaty of Paris, In seek
ing to prevent the ingress and egress
of warships, evidently did not expect
the present contingency.
"The St. Petersburg and Smolensk
did not pass the Dardanelles %s war
ships, but as merchantmen," said ah
official of the Foreign Office. "Under
the treaty of Paris there is no question
of the right of ships to go out as mer
chantmen. With their subsequent con
version into warships Turkey has noth
ing to do. The treaty Is silent' on the
subject"
The precedents allowing unarmed
Russian warships to pass the Dardan
elles without protest from the parties
to . the treaty of Paris are. considered
valuable now.
While . the diplomatists have not
questioned the right of Russia to seize
contraband of war, the actual confisca
tion of mails supplies a different ques
tion and Germany, both at Berlin and
In St. Petersburg, Is investigating the
circumstances In order to ascertain
whether the Russian commander in
this case exceeded his orders. -
The Admiralty has received -reports
of the seizure of the Peninsular and
Oriental Company's steamer Malacca
on the Red Sea by the Husslan^ volun
teer fleet steamship St. Petersburg and
the stopping of the North : '' German
Lloyd steamship Prinz Helnrich by the
Smolensk, but nothing in regard to the
stopping of the British steamship Wai
para by the St Petersburg. The Ma
lacca] had war munitions on board.
GERMANY ENTERS A PROTEST..
BERLIN, July 18.— The German Qpyj.
ernment has taken a prompt and ,flrm
stand In' regard to the seizure of the
malls of the North German Lloyd
steamer Prinz Heinrich, which arrived
at Aden on July 16 from' Hamburg and
Southampton for Yokohama, by the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship
Smolensk on July 15. It has entered
a protest against the carrying off of
the mails and f asked for a disavowal
of the Smolensk's action and the re
turn of the captured mall sacks.
The German Government, the For
eign Office says, recognizes .the right
to search mails when on board the
vessel itself, but claims the Smolensk
had no right to take off mails In bulk
from the vessel. The further argu :
ment is advanced that the right of
search can be exercised only by a war
ship, whereas the Smolensk traversed
the Dardanelles \nly recently flying
the Russlon commercial flag and not
assuming the character of a warship.
The German Government has not ta
ken a position on this last point, but
leaves it for future discussion ' and set
| tlement. No answer has yet been re
ceived from Russia.
The correspondent says the captain
of the Russian volunteer fleet steam
ship St. Petersburg has notified the
British residents at Aden to wire the
British Consuls at Suez and Port Said
that he would seize any British
steamers bound for the Far East if
the contents of their packages were
not clearly shown, on their manifests,
according to international law.
The Daily Mail's St. Petersburg
correspondent says that two more
steamships of the Russian volunteer
fleet now at Odessa have received con
fidential orders to leave this week for
the -Red Sea to seize British vessels
which are alleged to be carrying con
traband of war.
The Standard's Toklo correspondent,
cabling under date of July 18, says:
"The passage of the Dardanelles by
steamships of the Russian volunteer
fleet attracts increased attention here.
The Japanese press continues to dis
credit the supposition that Russia real
ly intends to send naval reinforcements
to the Far East.
"General joy was caused by the news
of the repulse to the Russians at Mo
tien Pass. The casualties there have
not been reported,, but, it Is supposed
they: were heavy.". ••;.•".» /•>
The Standard's Odesso dorrespondent,
confirming the- Daily Mail's dispatch
from St. Petersburg, says: . .
'.'Two more steamers of the .volun-.
teer fleet left here July 18 for.Sebaito
pol, whence, after coaling and arm
ing, it is presumed they will proceed
to the Red Sea." " ¦ -¦
RUSSIA FINDS A LOOPHOLE.
ADEN, Arabia, July 18.— The British
steamship Persia was forcibly detained
for an hour In the Red Sea by the Rus
sian volunteer fleet steamship ,Smol-.
ensk, which transferred to the Persia
a portion of the Japanese mails seized
on the North German Lloyd steamship
Prince Helnrich on July 15. The Smo
lensk had confiscated two bags of the
Prinz Heinrich's mail destined for
Nagasaki.
LONDON, July 18.— Earl Percy, Un
der Secretary for Foreign Affairs, in
the House of Commons to-day, asked
General Laurie (Conservative • and
Unionist) to postpone until Thursday
a question which, Laurie proposed to
ask anent the doing of the Russian'
volunteer fleet steamship St. Peters
burg in the Red Sea, as the Govern
ment's information was still incom
plete. Earl Percy further said that the
question was of the utmost importance
and was engaging the earnest atten
tion of the Government
The Daily Mail's correspondent at
Aden says that the British steamships
Woodcock and Dalmatia were held up
by the Russians in the Red Sea and
detained for three hours.
Considerable excitement was caused
to-day among delegates to the Demo
cratic State convention by a rumor of
a plot to assassinate Joseph W. Folk.
A husky detective accompanied the
circuit attorney from St. Louis to the
capital and remained near him during
the day and several of the boodler
prosecutor's ardent admirers insisted on
forming a body guard for him while
he was about the hotel and the street3
of the city.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., July 13.—
On the day before the Democratic
StaFe Convention convenes. Circuit At
torney Joseph W. Folk of St. Louis
seems practically assured of the nomi
nation for Governor. Even his most
determined adversaries cannot, at this
time, name a probable candidate to de
feat him. There is every indication
that the gathering will prove one of the
most interesting from a political stand
point ever held in MissourL
The following is the plank on the
boodle Issue which the representative
of Folk will ask the State Democratic
Convention to incorporate In the plat
form to-morrow: **
"The paramount issue before the
people of Missouri is the eradication of
bribery from public life in this State.
"We sincerely declare unremitting
warfare against corruptionists and
here announce the decree that there is
no room in the Democratic party of
Missouri for a boodler or corruptionist
of any sort. We repudiate their sup
port, Invite them to leave the State and
offer them shelter only in the peniten
tiary if they remain. We have confi
dence in the honesty of the people and
to them we appeal for success. We In
vite all honest people to join us in this
crusade against corruption. It is the
vital principle Involved in this cam
paign and on this issue we stake the
hope of the Democratic party of Mis
souri."
Circuit Attorney Folk of St. Ixniis to
Heart Democratic Ticket.
SURE OP >OMIXATIOX.
Britain May Follow Lead
of Germany, in Demand
ing Satisfaction.
Skirmishes Are Frequent in
the Begion to the East
of Mukden. -
Joseph Morton, of the Stationary
Firemen's Union, called on the pack
ers to-night and notified them that un
less a speedy settlement of the strike
v. ere made his men would be compelled
to quit work. While no definite ansv.-er
was given by the packers, he was re
ceived in such a friendly manner that
he left the conference with the belief
that there is a strong possibility of
peace and the determination of Don
nelly to once more open negotiations
•with the packers was the result of the
manner in which Morton was received
by them.
a?k the packers if. in their Judgment,
it will not be better to concede the one
point in contention than to continue
the strike. The one point to which al
lusion is to be made is the refusal of
the packers to discharge the men they
have employed since the commence:
ment of the strike and give their. places
to the men who walked out The com
munication to the packers will sug
gest to them that it is the belief of the
strikers tliat, as old employes, they are
deserving of this consideration. . If this
offer' of the union is rejected by the
packers, Donnelly 'declared tp-night,
the allied trades at the stockyards,
numbering in all about 13,000 men, will
be called out to-morrow in an- effort to
bring' the packers to terms.
Speaking of the report that it would
be necessary to give the nomination for
the Governorship to New York City in
order to bring the McCarren and Mur
phy forces together, August Belmont
said:
"There is absolutely nothing to It.
Victor Dowling was present at the con
ference, representing Tammany, and
no mention was made of the situation
in "New York State so far as any dif
ference between alleged factions of the
party Is concerned.
"There are no factions in the Demo
cratic party In this State and we all
expect to work together for success." •
Senator Bailey of Texas, who has
been in the city several days, did not
attend the meeting, although he met
several individual members of the con
ference during the day. He declared
the chances for party success were
better than ever before.
Itis expected many prominent Demo
crats will go to Esopus this week in an
effort to enlist the aid of Judge Parker
STATEMENT TO THE PRESS.
The statement issued concerning the
conference follows:
"J. M. Guffey presided. . The gen
tlemen met primarily for the purpose
of meeting Senator Davis of West Vir
ginia, nominee for Vice President. An
exchange of views followed and -'the
question as to when the National
Committee should be called together
for organization was discussed and it
was agreed to. recommend that the
committee be called to meet in Xew
York City at the Hoffman House at
12 o'clock noon on July 26.
"The question of fixing a date for the
notification of the candidates . was
talked over and finally referred to the
candidates to fix the date and place
of .the notification. • - .
"There was also a general discussion
as to the favorable prospects of the
party In the coming campaign. There
was no • discussion whatever concern
ing the selection of a chairman of -the
National Committee.
. "Mr. Davis engaged in the discussion
of all topics before the conference, but
in no more, personal -vein than others
in attendance. His most significant
statement was in relation to the uniting
ot all. interests. The gathering of so
many strgng men representing factions
which had not always pulled together,
he said, was indicative of a strong
campaign.
"The meeting gave a number of those
present the first opportunity they have
had of congratulating Mr. Davis since
his nomination at St. Louis and the re
ception accorded him was hearty.
"The discussion of the prospects in
the coming campaign was general in
character. The opinion was expressed
by several that • Western Democrats
would give earnest support to the
ticket and that no fear of factional op
position need be entertained."
SAYS PARTY IS UNITED.
NEW YORK, July 18. — Leaders of
the Democratic party conferred for
more than two hours to-night in the
rooms of former Senator D. B. Hill
at the Hoffman House, and at the close
made public a statement that the
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee had not been discussed.
Privately it was the judgment of all
present that the interests of the party
would be best conserved by leaving the
committee absolutely free to elect its
chairman. Judge Parker was said to
favor this- course. The conference re
sulted in an agreement to call a meet
ing of the National Committee to be
held at the Hoffman House on July
26. The question of fixing the time
and place for the notification of the
candidates for President and Vice
President was left to the nominees
themselves.
At the conference were the leaders
who brought about the nomination of
Judge Parker. There was also pres
ent Senator Victor J. Dowling of Xew
York, who looked after the Tammany
interests. Every one declared that
harmony had been the watchword
throughout. The conferees were for
mer Senator Hill of New York, James
Smith Jr. of New Jersey; Henry G.
Davis, West Virginia, candidate for
Vice President; Edward W. Mur
phy Jr. of New York, Senator Gorman
of Maryland, William F. Sheehan of
New York; Cord Meyer, chairman of
the New York State committee; John
W. Kern, of Indiana, James M. Head
f of Tennessee, Norman E. Mack of
Buffalo, Perry 'Belmont and August
Belmont of. New York, Thomas F.
Ryan of Virginia, J. K. P. Hall of
Pennsylvania and John R. McLean of
Ohio.
ma, Seatonville, De Pue and Dalzell
assembled in SpringValley to-day to
take part, in a demonstration denun
ciatory of Governor Peabody of Colo
rado. Ten thousand persons were
present. Governor Peabody was de
nounced in English, French, Italian
and Polish by several speakers. Res
olutions were passed requesting Pres
ident Roosevelt to intervene in the
strike situation.
to the support of various aspirants for
the national chairmanship. That any
one will be successful in this is assert
ed to be very doubtful.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Czar's Warships Continue to
Stop and Search Neu
tral Vessels.
Japanese Surprise a Cos
sack Outpost Camp at
Tzysnchan.
Donnelly Threatens to Add .13,000 Unionists to the List
of Idle Men in Chicago if His Final Proposal to the
Packing- House Companies Be Rejected.
Togo's Fleet Inactive While
Awaiting Land Attack
on Port Arthur.
Japanese Movements Indi
cate Belief That End
. is JSear.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CHEFU, • July 18.— Admiral Togo's
torpedo-boats made a reconnoissance at
Port, Arthur between 3 and A o'clock
Saturday morning. Occasional firing
was heard during Saturday and Sunday
from the land side of the fortress; but
there was 'nothing to indicate a general
attack." - ' . ¦ •
Unless the Russian fleet attempts to
escape, it is probable that there will be
rib' further naval attack' on Port Arthur,
because of the unavoidable danger
from mines and the comparative in
effectiveness of shell fire from the sea.'
Japan is relying upon taking the fort
ress by storm, after it has been thor
oughly invested. The presence among
the Mlaotao Islands of many Japanese
coal schooners and semi-official dis
patch boats strengthens the belief that
the end is expected soon. •
BERLIN CALLS RUSSIA TO ACCOUNT
FOR RECENT SEIZURE OF JAPANESE
MAIL ON A LINER IN THE RED SEA
MAY CALL GENERAL STRIKE
OF ALL STOCKYARDS MEN
TAMMANY IS REPRESENTED
AT THE PARKER CONFERENCE
New York State and City Leaders Meet in the Metropolis
to Discuss Campaign Plans, and Question of Man
ager Is Left to the National Committee.
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
KUHOKI'S ARMY WINS A VICTORY
"The fight ceased at 3 p. m. and the
troops returned to Ikhavuan. The Jap
anese advance was stopped above the
valley of the Iantakhe River, at a posi-'
tlon occupied and maintained by us.
"In consequence of a sleepless night
and the heat of the day our troops
were, greatly fatigued, having been
more than fifteen hours on foot and
fighting.
"Our losses have not yet been exactly
ascertained, but General Keller re
ports that they exceed 1000. The gal
lant Twenty-fourth Regiment suffer
ed most. General Keller especially
mentions the - activity, courage and
coolness shown by its commanding offi
cers. Colonel Koschitz was severely
wounded In the leg, but remained in
the ranks until, the end of the action.'
General Kuropatkln precedes his re
port of the repulse of Lieutenant Gen
eral Count Keller's force with a
lengthy statement . of skirmishes by
patrols which bring events up to July
16. He does not mention any Import
ant engagement, with the possible ex
ception of the occupatlbn ' of heights
north of Yoallntzza by Cossacks, be
fore a detachment of which the Jap
anese fell back.
once, one and then three battalions,
but the attempt failed, notwithstand
ing the support given by the horse,
mountain battery, as our field guns
could not be brought into action on
account of the nature of the ground.
"About 8 o'clock General Keller,
who was directing the fight around
Ikhavuan, deemed it necessary to lend
assistance to General Kashtallnsky's
column by bringing up from the gen
eral reserve three battalions to the
heights surmounted by the Temple. In
order to maintain the position we had
already occupied it was necessary, ow
ing to the enemy's pressure, to re
inforce immediately the troops on'
the "fighting line, but these "positions,
owing to their situation, were un
tenable.
"General Keller found the strength
of the enemy so great, tts compared
with ours, that he decided not to con
tinue \ the fight and not to bring up
either the special or general reserves
and artillery, in view of the fact that
in case r of his ultimately taking the
offensive it would be necessary to at
tack without support of the. field artil
lery. ....
"In consequence of this, General Kel-'
ler decided at 10:30 o'clock to withdraw
his troops to the positions originally oc
cupied in the Yanze Pass. ¦"'The troops
retired slowly, step by.step and in per
fect order, 'covered'' by the" fire of ' a
field battery, which had been brought
¦into action. '
"Toward midday an offensive move
ment by the enemy in the direction of
the right flank of the Yanze Pass posi
tion developed and at the same time a
Japanese mountain battery was
brought Into position in the village of
Soudiaputse, two and a half miles south
of Ikhavuan. , ,. . • .. .
JAPANESE BATTERY SILENCED.
''After thirty-four shots had been
fired from the third battery of the
Third Brigade, which held the saddle
to the south of Yanze Pass, the Jap
anese battery was finally reduced to
silence.
Gilt-edge deal for a wise dealer— deal In Gilt
Edge Whiskey. Wichman. Lutgea ft Co., 29-31
Battery St.. Saa Fraaclsc* *~ ¦ •
OYSTER BAY. I* I., July 18.— P. C
Knox of Pennsylvania, former Attor
ney General and one of ' the closes)
friends' and advisers of the President
was a visitor to Sagamore Hill to-day
Knox -will take an active part in th«
campaign and will deliver at least twe
important speeches. '
The President is working dally or
both his notification speech and > his
letter of acceptance. He will delivei
ho political speeches during the cam
paign, Contenting himself with t
statement of his position and of th<
results achieved during his admin is
tration la th* letter a£ accep tanca.
KNOX VISITS ROOSEVET/T.
2
APVEBTISEMTSNTS.
Our regular
. fSfc Suit marked " down
Jjj3L during our Great Al-
teration Sale to
||*|ff Look at the shoulder,
M§|i the collar, the style.
Ifllf t?s t^ le R° os quality,
iiijjjf and represents one of
d0®$jm the hundred great bar-
$r gains you'll find in our
rrowHprl
• 7'-^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
] MATERIALS I
i The finest tfrade of imported [1
B Bohemian flops — the choicest |l
1 Barley Malt — the purest water— 1
y combined with care and skill, and the B
I most scrupulous cleanliness, gives |
I " ' ' I
1 Beer the absolute purity which has I
1 crowned it the "King of all 1
1 Bottled Beers." f
I] The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. 1 1
I HILBERT MERCANTILE CO. |
i ' Wholesale Dealers 1A new scrip* of the famous Mr. Dooley
articles. Finley Peter Dunne, the
creator of Mr. Dooley, is under an ex
clusive contract with McClure's, and
The Call, in the face of keenest bid
ding on the part of other large news
papers ' on the coast,- has secured the
sole 'right to \ publish these articles
north of Los Angeles. V
There Will Begin in The Sunday
Call Magazine
ON JULY 24
Fischer'8.
The second week j of "A Lucky
Stone" began last night at Fischer's
Theater. ,
The Central scored a tremendous hit
last night with the Irish historical
drama of "Robert Emmet." The
house was a record-breaker in point of
attendance and there was never a more
enthusiastic audience than the one that
thundered its applause at the close of
the thrillingly patriotic scenes, or made
the big theater ring with its plaudits
when the dancers went through the
lively, rollicking movements of the «d
hilarating Irish jigs and reels^ The
play is elaborately mounted and the
cast a strong one. Herschel Mayall
has never read lines better than he did
those of the title role. He had the full
sympathy of the house. George P.
Webster, as Father Driscoll, made the
most of a strongly effective part, and
Elmer Booth as Barney McGinn fur
nished a treat in the line of Irish com
edy. Eugenie Thais Lawton had the
tearful role of the daughter of Cur
ran and. Edna Ellsmere appeared as an,
Irish maiden and sang an Irish.mel
ody very sweetly. Lawrence Griffith
had the thankless'part of a cruel Brit
ish officer, and Ernest Howell cdlled
down the wrath of the gallery by his
faithful impersoantlon of a hated Irish
informer. But the dancing In the Irish
Central.
Unique Industry in Paraguay.
A remarkable Industry of Paraguay
Is the preparation of essence of orange
leaves. More than one hundred and
fifty years ago the Jesuit priests, who
then ruled that secluded country, im
ported orange seeds and planted
groves, which have now become im
mense forests, filled with small estab
lishments for extracting the essence,
which is exported to France and the
United States for use in soap and per
fumery making. :it is also employed by
the natives of Paraguay as a healing
ointment and hair tonic— The Lahore
(India) Tribune. X ' Wr
Wants Damages for Son's Death.
REDDING, July 18.— John H. Hixon
has brought suit in the Superior Court
of this county against Lamoine Lum
ber and Trading Company, at the head
of which Is State Senator Clifford Cog
gins, for $10,000 damtges, for the death
of his son, who was killed on October
13 last, while in the employ of the de
fendant corporation. The son, John
Hixon Jr., who was twenty , years of
age. was employed as fireman on the
donkey engine when one of the cables
broke and struck the boy, causing in
juries that proved fatal the next day.
/ _^>
. . Chutes.
Emma Cotrely and Antonio van Go*
fre, a strong woman and man who pre
sent feats of balancing and a number
of beautiful poses, were at the Chutes
yesterday and made hits at both per
formances. Fred Leslie's, trained pigs
showed what could be accomplished by
a little patience with an ordinary
"porker." Belle and Lotta Tobin, the
accomplished instrumentalists, changed
their selections. Brandow and Wiley,
the clever colored couple, varied their
act,.- and Hershal Stein, the sonorous
barytone, was heard in new illustrated
songs. Belle Gordon, the expert bag
puncher, and the anlmatoscope, show
ing some very interesting moving pic
tures, including the Russian troops on
march through Manchuria, completed
a capital programme. The amateurs
will appear on Thursday night.
TIvoU.
"Robin Hood" is still the attraction
at the Tlvoli. "The Toreador" is next
to come.
RAISE ASSESSMENT ON
v PARKER WHITNEY'S LANDS
Placer County's Supervisors Make an
Exception of the Millionaire's
Grazing Property.
AUBURN, July 18. — The Supervis
ors to-day, sitting as a Board of
Equalization, stood by County Asses
sor Mitchell and refused to make any
reductions in his assessments. They
did, however, raise the assessment of
J. Parker Whitney, the multi-million
aire, $20,000 on- his sheep lands.
Whitney's attorney entered vigorous
protest, but Whitney had refused to
pay his sheep license and was there
fore not in very high favor with the
board. Placer's total assessment is
$9,927,000, an Increase of $250,000
over last year.
kitchen, to the music of Irish bagpipes
and fiddles, caught the audience better
than all else. The Central has the
champion Gaelic dancers of the coast
in^_this part of the programme, and
they responded to half a dozen en
cores. Messrs. Kelleher and O'Con
nell, the three Allen sisters and Miss
Coyne are exponents of the art of Irish
dancing whose equals it were difficult
to find.
TWO CHILDREN BURNED
TO DEATH IN HOTEL
Fntnl Fire Occurs in Longvillc, the
Summcv Resort in Humbug
Valley.
GREENVILLE, July 18. — Miller
Hotel, the summer resort at Longville.
Humbug Valley, was burned at noon
to-day. A son of Keith Miller, aged
five, and the child of a boarder, were
burned to death in an upper story.
When the flames were discovered at
tention Was confined to saving the
contents of the lower floor, and the
children were not missed until the
building was consumed. Particulars
are meager, but it is supposed the
children set the fire.
Anbnrn Officials Object to the Careless
Handling of Explosives in City
Limits.
AUBURN, July 18. — Railroad offi
cials were here to-day to look into the
matter of the protest of Mayor Mor
gan against the unloading of dyna
mite powder within the city limits. On
Saturday last a car containing fifteen
tons of dynamite blasting powder was
put on the switch and let drop down
on another car, and the whole end of
the car was smashed in. As dyna
mite is exploded by concussion It is
the greatest miracle that it did not go
off. Had this occurred there would
be little left of the town.
Oakland Man Missing.
TRUCKEE. July 18.— T. B. Walker
of Oakland disappeared three days ago
and is supposed to be drowned. He waa
fishing near Mystic and his hat was
found on the river bank. Failing to
return to the camp, his two sons or
ganized a party and have searched the
river ever since. Walker was a Knight
of Pythias and Summit ¦ Lodge of
Truckee is sending out a searching
party.
WANT NO DYNAMITE
UNLOADED IN TOWN
Alcazar.
"The Prisoner of Zenda," a dramati
zation of Anthony Hope's famous
novel, was presented at the Alcazar
last night with White Whittlesey in
the star part. The production was
splendidly staged and the Alcazar
stock company showed itself at its
best. Although it was the night
the performance carried through
without a hitch, and the repeated
rounds of applause and curtain _calls
attested the audience's appreciation of
the work and the players. Whittle
sey. in his double role of the King of
Ruritania and the young Englishman,
had an excellent opportunity to dis
play his talents, and he made the
most of it. Howard Scott as usual
was cast as the villain and carried
out his part in a manner which would
have won him rounds of hisses and
jeers on the other side of Market
street. As the Princess Flavia Juliet
Crosby won considerable , applause,
and after trie second act was present
ed with many fiowers. The quartet,
which rendered a number of choice
melodie3 during the evening, is one of
the features of the performance that
deserves special mention. All the
members of the company do well and
the play should have/ a good run.
"Rupert of Hentzau" will follow.
Uridse Almost Burns.
REDDING, July IS.— As J. W.
Shoonever, head accountant at Cap
tain de Lamar's mining and smelting
plant at Bully Hill, and wife started
to cross the bridge that spans the Sac
ramento River at this place x they
found the structure on fire. The
flames had not got very great head
way when they were extinguished and
an expensive bridge saved. The cause
of the fire is unknown.
The best cure for your sorrow is
care for another's.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The new
salary schedule for rural mail carriers
has been completed. The new schedule
applies from July 1. The last Con
gress recommended the maximum sal
ary to be increased to* $700 a year, from
$600. It was found that the maximum
route was twenty-four miles long and
to carriers on routes of this length,
numbering about 12,000, the maximum
salary will be paid. The salaries of
carriers on routes shorter than the
maximum was fixed by deducting $18
for each mile less than twenty-four.
New Salary Schedule Just Put Into
Effect Applies From the
First of July.
RURAL MAIL CARIUfcaiS
GET INCREASE OF PAY
Canadian Immigration.
During the last year more than 123.000
immigrants went to Canada, While this
is only about a seventh of the num
ber that came to the United States,
fairness compels the * admission ttAt
they are more desirable. Those Who
have gone to Canada are for the most
part farmers or farm laborers who have
gone out into the country to develop
the agricultural situation and help
raise wheat "and other grain. The ma
jority of those who have come to the
United States hang around the cities
and the centers of population. Com
paratively few of them are willing to
go out on the farms and they do not
come here with any such intention. —
Utica Press.
Off at Maneuvers Charge
the Infantry.
COLORED TROOPERS
CAUSE A SENSATION
Cavalrymen Chagrined at Being Ruled
TACOMA. July 18.— During the army
maneuvers at Steilacoom, after Troop
E, Ninth Cavalry (colored), had been
ruled out of action by the umpires,
they charged on the Washington troop3
and Nineteenth Infantry in their front
and with drawn sabers slashed right
and left among the infantry, creating
a reign of terror for a few minutes.
During the melee three members of
the Second Washington and one reg
ular were moreVr less seriously in
jured. The victims of the charge are
only slightly cut.
ENGLAND SAYS SHE WILL
KEEP HANDS OFF TIBET
British Government Assures Russia
That No Attempt Will Be Made
to Obtain Control of Land.
LONDON, Julv 18.— War Secretary
Brodrick said in the House of Com
mons to-day that, with a view of pre
venting a misunderstanding, the Gov
ernment informed Russia at the begin
ning of June of its policy in regard to
Tibet, and, so long as no other powers
attempted to intervene in the affairs
of Tibet, Great Britain would not at
tempt either to annex Tibet or to es
tablish a protectorate over that coun
try for the control of its Internal ad
ministration. '
MEN ARE PUT ON HALF TIME.
Lack of Demand for Coal Causes Idle
ness in Ohio Collieries.
CLEVELAND, O.. July 18.— Owing to
the lack of demand at the coal mines
in the Eighth Ohio District, which are
largely owned by Cleveland operators,
the men have been put on half time.
Eight thousand are affected by the
curtailment of operations.
The action of the operators in cutting
in half their production is the result of
an almost unprecedented stagnation in
business. Shutdowns are not confined
to this district alone, but are extending
to other districts of the State. In no
district does there appear to be a de
mand for coal. The bins arc full at the
mines and a complete suspension of
operations is said to be almost inevita
ble unless the market receives an early
stimulation.
FILES SlIT TO PREVENT
SALE OF HER SHARES
Woman Is Granted Temporary In
junction Against the San Jose
f.anil Company.
SAN JOSE, July IS.— Mrs. M. V.
Tjurney was to-day granted a tempor
ary writ enjoining the San Jose Land
and Exhibit Comr'any, owner of Agri
cultural Park, from selling her stock
in the corporation. She asserts that
the assessment is illegal and unneces
sary and is made sole!y to take money
from the shareholders and put it into
the pockets of certain directors of the
company. On information and belief
Fhe asserts that the officers have con
spired with J. W. Rea & Co. by which
unjust claims have been allowed to the
latter. She also asserts that no time
books of account have been kept.
Sierra County Elects Delegates.
DOWN1EVILLE," July 18.— The Re
publican County Committee to-day
elected the following 'delegates to State
and district conventions: J. W. Fln
ney. W. F. Eschbacher, Ellas Squier,
Z. W. Keyes. The candidacy of Hon.
John B. Irish for State Senator was
endorsed and the delegates instructed
for him.
MOORS FIRE UPON* HOUSE OF
ENGLISHMAN NEAR TANGIER
Mohammed El Torres, the Foreign
Minister. Sends Guard to Protect
Subject of King Edward.
TANGIER. July 18.— The isolated
residence of an Englishman named
Lerlson at Bubana, two miles outside
of Tangier, was tired on ineffectually
by Moors last night. Mohammed El
Torres, the Foreign Minister, has sent
a guard to protect Levison.
PARIS, July 18.— Foreign Minister
LVlcasse received Ion Perdicaris this
afternoon and conferred lengthily with
him on the situation in Morocco. M.
PerdScaris expressed his thanks for the
French efforts leading up to his re
lease from captivitv and urged the
necessity for energetic action toward
Morocco.
Presbyterian Missionary and Young
Wife Start on Hazardous Journey
Down the Yukon.
MAKING BRIDAIi TRIP
IX AN OPEN CANOE
TACOMA. Wash.. July 18.— Rev.
John Frank, a Presbyterian mission
ary from New Jersey, and his bride,
are taking a novel wedding trip down
the Yukon In a canoe. They reached
Dawson June 1 and the Rev. Mr.
Frank preached In Dawson at the
Presbyterian church two weeks ago.
Two days later they left the Klondike
metropolis to plunge into the wilder
ness of the Lower Yukon, there to
spend a large part of. their lives min
isterinx to the miners and Indians.
The lohjr continued rains gave a
gloomy outlook to their two weeks*
voyage In the open boat. Mrs. Frank
nevertheless started out bravely, de
claring she could endure as many
hardships as her huusband.
CALIFORNIA MUST SUPPLY
THE EAST WITH PRUNES
Crop in Washington and Oregon Re
ported by Experts to Be a
Total Failure.
TACOMA, Wash., July 18. — Wash
ington's prune crop this year la
destined to be almost a total failure,
according to advices reaching the
trade. P. F. Kelley, an expert, esti
mates the crop at about one-tenth of
what it was last season. Several state
ments have been made during the past
month that the season was an excep
tionally poor one for the prune grow
ers, but the extent of the depreciation
in the output was not definitely known
until within a few days.
The condition of the fruit at this
time, however, is claimed to make a
one-tenth estimate a conservative one.
Kelley says: "In Clarke County,
where last year the output was be
tween 150 and 160 cars, it Is prob
ably that the evaporators will not even
be operated this season. The short
age, so far as we are able to tell, ap
plies to the entire State and to Oregon.
When the trees first blossomed the
pollen fell off prematurely for some
unknown reason and to this cause is
assigned the failure of the crop."
Heretofore whole trainloads of
Clarke County prunes have been
shipped each season to the Eastern
markets, which must this year depend
almost wholly on California for their
supply.
OTHER CRIMES A HE
CHARGED TO KENDALL
Alleged Diamond Thief Arrested at
Stockton Is Taken Bast, but
Companion Remains.
STOCKTON, July 18.— To-night Sher
iff H. H. Whitlock rushed Henry J.
Kendall aboard the overland train and
left for Danville, 111., where the pris
oner will have to answer two or three
charges of robbery and embezzlement.
He has been making a determined fight
to secure his release but failed to have
his case dismissed before the Eastern
officer arrived. Mrs. Sabln-Brown, who
claims Kendall is her husband, is still
in the city. The pair are accused of
stealing many valuable diamonds and
a large sum of money.
Kendall was brought back from the
East to Indianville by Whitlock. He
then jumped his bail and came to
Stockton.^ Mrs. Sabin was identified
by Mrs. Fannie Moal. of a Chicago
company bearing her name. Mrs. Moal
declares that Mrs. Sabin embezzled the
diamonds from her as well as from
other Chicago women.
MAKE WISH PLAIN'.
Orange County Republicans Empha
size Indorsement of Bar.1.
SANTA ANA, July 18.— In view of
the controversy that has arisen as to
the action of the Orange County Re
publican Convention held in this city
last Saturday, with reference to the
candidacy of Senator Thomas R. Bard,
whether it did or did not indorse, the
exact wording of the resolution adopted
was to-night given to the Associated
Press. It reads:
"Resolved, That, speaking in the
name of the Republicans of Orange
County, this convention declares Its
choice for United States Senator to be
Hon. Thomas R. Bard, the distinguished
incumbent. His high character, long and
useful career in public and private pur
suits, his tried integrity, his proved Re
publicanism, his present advantageous
official position, his stronghold upon
the popular heart makes him, in our
judgment, the most available candi
date of the south and of the State."
Another resolution was introduced in
structing the candidates for the Legis
lature, if elected, to vote for Bard, but
this failed to pass.
A sad case of distress, brought be
fore the Congregational Ministers' As
sociation yesterday, reopens one of the
most sensational tragedies that have
ever taken place in San Francisco.
The story of the illness and the need
of Mrs. E. J. Nelson of .526 Natoma
street came before the clergymen and
it was remembered that she was for
merly the wife of the ex-Rev. Thomas
Crossley of the Congregational de
nomination, who twenty-nine years
ago, after shooting her down,' shot and
took his own life.
Mrs. Nelson's life has been one of
almost perpetual gloom, for scarcely
from the time of the tragedy has a
rift occurred in the clouds which
would allow a ray of sunshine to warm
or cheer her moments.
..There are many In the city to-day
familiar with the dread details of the
crime. The ex-minister coaxed his
wife, who had separated from him, to
visit him at his apartments on Howard
street on the pretense that he wished
to see his child. His conduct had been
such that a perfect reconciliation was
impossible. HoweVer, Crossley im
portuned his young wife to return to
him, although he realized and ad
mitted the enormity of, the offense
which caused the parting between
them.
Khe told him that reconciliation was
out of the question in view of the cir
cumstances. Again he pleaded, but so
humiliated and distressed was the suf
fering woman that again she rejected
any offer of remaining under the same
roof with him, upon which Crossley
drew a revolver, and, aiming it directly
at hia wife, shot her in the temple, and
to-day part of the bullet remains im
bedded in her forehead, and the hand
with which she protected her head is
crippled.
With her at the time of the tragedy
was the infant, and when the neigh
tors and police broke into the room
they found the child on the floor near
the lifeless body of its father, playing
with the watch he had placed in its
hand prior to doing the shooting. The
child died some years after the occur
rence.
A subsequent marriage to E. J. Nel
son did not turn out quite happy for
the unfortunate woman. By that mar
riage she had a daughter. Miss Grace
Nelson, who, although In very deli
cate health, strives to maintain the
neat little home on Natoma street.
Mrs. Kelson has been doing fancy
needlework and has also been occupied
as a canvasser, but never having re
covered from the shooting, she has at
last broken down completely, although
with nutrition, rest and freedom from
the fear of losing their home she may
recover her strength.
Miss Carrie Hodge, a deaconess of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, has
been doing all in her power to sustain
th<; stricken woman. Yesterday two
members o£-^the Central Methodist
Church, Mrs. A. H. Staubridge and
Mrs. E. Metcalf, were the good Samari
tans who called and sat by Mrs. Nel
son's bedside.
The Congregational ministers ap
pointed the Rev. John A. Hollars, pas
tor of the Bethlehem Congregational
Church, to act in the matter without
delay.
ROME, July IS.— From the highest
source it is learned that the Vatican's
view of the situation between the Holy
See and France Is as follows:
The Pope regards the dissolution of
the concordat by France as absolutely
certain. The pretext is that the Holy
See, before the visit of President Lou
bet to Rome, called upon Bishop Gray
of Laval to resign. He refused and
was summoned to Rome to answer the
gravest charges. The Bishop appealed
to the French Government, which
claimed that the Holy See was in
fringing on the concordat; but, as the
Bishop had not been punished. Foreign
Minister Delcasse acknowledged that
the Vatican was within its rights.
The Pontiff is firmly decided to pro
ceed with the case of the Bishop, who,
if he is not in Rome on the 28th in
stant, wll! be suspended.
To the error of imagining that "Car
rots" preceded "Cousin Kate" last
night at the Columbia, I had the pleas
ure of seeing through again Mr. Davis'
fascinating comedy — this Jus^t to say
that enjoyable as was one's first even
ing with "Cousin Kate," only a second
gives one the full value of the wit,
grace and abounding fancy of the play.
. And the contrast is one to be grate
ful for. Miss Barrymore. charming
woman of the world, as the curtain
rings down on "Cousin Kate." reap
pears as a slim, red-headed youth in
"Carrots." "Carrots," too, is different.
It is a little French playlet by Jules
Renard, produced first at Antoine's
Theater in Paris, and transplanted
here last season with amiable success
by Miss Barrymore. As Miss Barry
more herself says, "nothing happens"
in the play.
A child's desperate unhapplness — an
unloving mother the cause, the father's
discovery of his sorrow, with the
father's confession to the boy of his
own grief and of the mother's unhap
piness. Is all of it. But how charm
ingly the little story is told, with all
the delicacies.j subtle reserves, lumin
ous suggestions of a De Maupassant.
A new maid arrives at the Lepics.
"Carrots" is weeding in the garden.
His father has invited him to go shoot
ing, to his deep delight. His naive
directions to the maid put one then
en rapport with the neglected boy's
position. "Everybody cannot be an
orphan," he laments. - The mother,
nagging and self-tormented, then ap
pears, explaining further the situation.
She wants "Carrots" to do things, run
errands— anything to prevent his going
shooting with his father. She further
compels him to say that he does not
wish to go. But the maid, a witness
of both scenes, explains the boy's ap
parent caprice to the father. Then the
boy timidly unfolds his sorrows— how
he has twice tried to commit suicide,
how he wishes to run away from home.
The father's explanations follow and
how the two decide to bear the thing
together is then most gracefully told.
Perhaps Miss Barrymore does not
altogether realize "Carrots" for one.
As a picture, gray-bloused and au
burn-haired. Ehe is perfect, the Boutel
de Monvel sort of thing. Ah, yes! It
is something of the Boutel de Monvel
sort of thins one gets in the acting —
the flat tint, the simple line, the deco
rative quality. One is not impressed
by Carrots' sorrows as living sorrows,
but rather as by a lovely tale of sor
row. One gets almost a Yeats' sense
of aloofness from every-day life in the
play. It is as a fairy tale read, and ex
quisitely illustrated, that it impresses,
and Miss Barrymore's elusive and po
etic handling of the part enforces the
illusion. In the same carefully un
emotional vein is the rest of the acting.
Fanny Addison Pitt is the mother, and
a very stepmother of fairy tale in her
conception of acting. Bruce McCrae
in his acting of the father is quietly
sufficient, and Miss Agnew is a charm
ing little maid. Those who do not see
"Carrots" will miss very much a pe
culiar and delightful pastel.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
At a meeting of the Brewery Work
men's Union, held last night at 1159
Mission 6treet, it was decided to go out
en a strike this morning.
This decision was the result of a re
fusal of the Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation earlier in the day to grant the
demand of the union for an increase of
$_' a week in wages of men employed
inside the breweries.
At the meeting of the association
yesterday afternoon the troubles be
tween the employers and their men was
carefully discussed, and it was finally
decided to make a number of conces
sions to the drivers and stablemen, the
former being granted $2 increase in
pay and the stablemen a decrease of
an hour in their daily labor. The de
mand of the insfde men was positively
refused. The action of the employers
>vas generally expected and they have
already anticipated a strike in conse-
Quence by laying in a large supply of
beer. It was stated last evening that
the employers were prepared to close
the breweries for several months.
Tha following officers were installed
last night by the Tent and Awning
Makers' Union: President, J. F. Beal;
vice president, M. Anderson; record
ing secretary, Miss L. Langr; treasurer.
T. Pembertly; trustees. E. A. M. Gil
bert, John Oates and William Ralph.
Drivers and the Stablemen
Receive Concessions in
Hours and Wage Scale
Relict of Ex-Rev. Thomas
Crossley Lies 111 and
Seeks Aid of Friends
Vatican Realizes That Dis
solution of the Concordat
Is Now Absolutely Certain
"The Prisoner of Zenda"
Wins Applause for Whittle
sey and Company at Alcazar
CHICAGO, July 18.— This waa the
third day of the present heated term
and while the mercury only reached 92,
two degrees less than yesterday, the
number of prostrations was greater.
There were six deaths during the day
and twenty prostrations.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., July 18.— The
hot wave continues in this section.
Four prostrations were reported to the
police to-day. The mercury hovered be
tween 90 and 95 degrees. Otto Menges,
a Milwaukee architect, died at Fre
donia, Wis., from sunstroke and an un
known man died In this city after being
overcome by the heat.
DETROIT. Mich., July 18.— A number
of cases of heat prostration were re
ported here to-day. The case of A. T.
Smith, a well known contractor, result
ed fatally. The maximum temperature
was 95 degrees.
PITTSBURG, July 18.— The excessive
heat of the past forty-eight hours was
broken to-day by a heavy thunder
storm, which prevailed throughout
Pittsburg and nearby towns. During
the extreme heated period many pros
trations and live deaths were reported.
CLEVELAND, July 18.— One death
and four prostrations had been report
ed to the police up to midnight as a re
sult of the heat to-day. Two of the
latter are serious. The maximum tem
perature recorded by the Government
thermometer was 89 degrees.
OMAHA, Neb.. July 18.— Two deaths
and another serious prostration result
ed to-day from the heat.
TO QUIT WORK TO-DAY
A LIFE OF SUFFERING
HOPE OF PEACE GONE
ADDS TO HER LAURELS
Story of Brutal Deed of
Twenty-Nine Years Ago
Retold Through Poverty
Miss Barrymore Plays Boy
in Naive and Graceful
Fairy Tale of the Stage
Decision Follows Closely
Befusal of Employers to
Give Them Increased Pay
Pope This Is Determined to
Compel the Obedience of
the Bishop of Laval
Great Suffering Continues.
Prostrations Are Numer
ous in Cities of the East
BREWERY MEN
WILL STRIKE
NEED RECALLS
SAD TRACEDY
FIRM ATTITUDE
TOWARD FRANCE
CARROTS' WOES
BRING NO TEARS
HEAT CAUSING
MANY DEATHS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ,-JULYv 19, 190*.
It is a good deal easier to talk about
feeling good' than It Is to" walk about
doing good.
3
! ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEAD Of s A TA c T R E EAT IHOSPITAL
Uses Pe-ru-na in His Own Family As a
Catarrhal Tonic.
bia, S. C. late Superintendent and Phy- ; "'^ -^^^mnSf^^^S^
sician in charge of State Insane Asylum J0SM$\m §Ml«si»§!WlS}fcw.
"After using your Peruna myself Jwfrwa SfiSV
for a short period, and my family hav- fM i nKM 111 i ) h\
mj used and are now using the same Ifa\ ilii"j!H|j» /sgfo"tg£^ u|j! y\
with good results, and upon the in for- /M ;|j j.frWf Wt\ j \ |v\
motion of others who have been bene- IjM j IlSju.V' /T V ml-u fill
fited by it as a cure for catarrh and l/fl| | M^^/^L^M ! t U IH
an invigorating tonic, I can cheer- [IH j j J^^^M!fS| (I 1
fully recommend it to all persons re- 111 mm§&EBg^^ III
quiring so effective a remedy."- W^^^^^^^^]}
Hon. C. W. Butts. ex-Member of Con- Y^j^^^^^^^^^^^^W//
gress from North Dakota, in a letter \\^xS^^^^i^^^^^^^^f¥//
"That Peruna is not only a vigorous. V^^^^^E^^'^^^S^V^y
as well as an effective tonic, but also a l^Sr K^-^tf*
cure of catarrh is beyond controversy. It \y&l £' J$?*x£r
is already established by its use by the
thousands who have been benefited by it.
I cannot too highly express my appreci- #5r7*x^
ation of Its excellence." — C. W. Butts. «95i"3£2s§fr
Dr. R. Robbins, Muskogee, I. T., *x*»sb^2s!b»
Wr "tfjL : ,,, t *u v * ..i r t , Peruna is called a tonic. Peruna does
n r £, V.2 I s th e best medicine I know not give strength by stimulating the ner-
or for coughs and to strengthen a weak vous system a little
£l.?,. a ?hi an £ }° give u 151^! 116 - B .f 8lde It gives strength by preserving the
prescribing it for catarrh. I have ordered mucous membranes against leakage,
it for weak .and debilitated people, and i t gives strength by converting the
have not had a patient but said it helped blood fluids and preventing their drain-
him. It is an excellent medicine and it i ne away in mucous discharges,
fits so many cases. * _ .. ,
"I have a large practice, and have a Pc-ru-na Contains No Narcotics,
chance to prescribe your«Peruna. I hope One reason why Peruna has found per-
you may live long to do good to the manent use in so many homes Is that it
sick and suffering." contains no narcotic of any kind. Peruna
Only the weak need a tonic. People is perfectly harmless. It can be used
are never weak except from some good any length of time without acquiring a
cause. One of the obscure causes of drug habit. Peruna does not produce
weakness and the one oftenest overlook- temporary results. It is permanent in
ed is catarrh. * its effect.
Catarrh inflames the mucous mem- It has no bad effect upon the system,
brane and causes the blood plasma to and gradually eliminates catarrh by re-
escape through the mucous membrane In moving the cause of catarrh. There ar«
the form of mucous. This discharge of a multitude of homes where Peruna has
mucous is the same as the loss of blood, been used off and on for twenty years.
It produces weakness. Such a thinjr could not be possible If P*>-
Peruna stops the catarrh and prevents runa contained any drugs of a narcotic
the discharge of mucous. This is why nature.
The World's Greatest Humorist; Peter Finleu Dunne, Writes for Next Sunday's Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1| Brand p
11 Evaporated m
M Gs*3ai«B 1|
g|ji because it is most concentrated; fc^i
I Hi =a '- : ' e richest in cream; nj;J|
I J9 teca'-Jse most skillfully $3
B5 Its purity is guaranteed §9
rag under fcrf-it of $5,000 to "fl
I In anyone able to prove ak
jffjfjl adulteration in our fak
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
ADVERTTSiaCENTS.
New Fall Shapes $ 1.95
Our new fall shapes in men's hats have arrived. As we
unpacked each case we were surprised ourselves at the unusually
good quality of the hats. It convinced us more than ever that
it is advisable to buy direct from the factories.
Every style of hat comes in different proportions. There is
sufficient variety of crowns and brims to insure every customer
of a hat just suited to his individual taste.
We have the hats at various prices, and particularly men-
tion the ones at $1-95. which we here picture. Hats like«
these are on sale in exclusive hat stores at $2.50.
For to-day only— men's regular 50c golf shirts on special sale at* 3Oc
Filled 740 Market Street. MailWIFE WANTS DIVORCE.— OAKLAND.
July 18. — Suit for divorce was begun this after
noon by Minnie P. Arnett against Charles W.
Arnett on the ground of desertion. She asks
the custody of their six-year-old child and
also the privilege of ' resuming : her maiden
name." Minnie P. Maburln. ¦ ¦
HART SAYS HE WAS ROBBED.— George
Hart, who lives at 267 Minna street, applied
at the Emergency Hospital yesterday morning
for treatment for a laceration on the head.
Thin ho said he received from a blow given
by a man whom he met Saturday night in a
saloon on Mission street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth. He , treated his new f rlend to
a liberal supply of wet goods. They then left
the taloon and alter going a short distance
the friend dealt Hart a blow on the head which
knocked film down. Hart says he was robbed
of $1 50 which he had in his pocket. - .
From San Francisco — A. Pollack, at
the Cadillac; J. W. Brockhage, at the
Sinclair; O. F. Brown, at the Astor
House; J. Harris and wife, at the Ven
dome; F. M. Harvey, at the Sinclair;
B. E. Knox and wife, at the Everett;
E. F. Marks, at the Grenoble; C. H.
Murphy, at the Ashland; H. C.
Schaertzer and wife, G. W. Turner, at
the Hotel Imperial.
From Los Angeles— W. W. Best, at
the Herald Square; Dr. H. M. Bishop
and wife, at the Ashland: F. L. Bul
lard, at the Grand Union; F. Hersch, at
the Herald Square; M. A. Newmark,
at the Savoy; R. A. Thomas, at the
Hotel Grenoble,
NEW, YORK, July 18.— The following
Californians are in New York:
Californians in New York.
A new series of the famous Mr. Dooley
articles. . Finley Peter Dunne, the
creator of Mr. Dooley, Is under an ex
clusive contract with McClure's, and
The Call, in the face of keenest bid
ding on the part of other large news
pa pers on the coast, has secured the
sole right to publish these articles
north of Los Angeles.
There AViH Begin In The Sunday
Call Magazine
OX JULY 24
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the
Harriman lines, who has been travel
ing westward from Chicago with J. C.
Kruttschnitt, director of maintenance
and operations. Is due to arrive here
to-day.
F. W. Mahl, superintendent of main
tenance of way and motor power of
the Southern Pacific Company at Sac
ramento, is at the Grand.
D. M. Delmas returned yesterday
from St. Louis, where he attended the
Democratic convention as a delegate
from California. He is registered at
the Palace.
R. E. Mulcahey, the well-known
stock broker, and Judge Kenneth Jack
eon returned yesterday from a busi
ness trip in the East
E. W. Gillett, general freight and
passenger agent of the Salt Lake
road, is at the Palace.
O. J. Smith, a capitalist of Reno,
and his wife are staying at the Pal
ace.
C. J. P. Spindle of Washington is at
the St. Francis.
George Johnston of Pleasanton is
staying at the Grand.
Admiral Henry Glass, U. S. N., is
registered at the Palace.
W. F. Knox, a lumberman of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
Bussiere, deputy leader of Premier
Coombes* majority in the, Chamber of
Deputies, has writen an energetic pro
test to Combes, asserting that the re
moval conflicts with the assurances the
Premier gave the Chamber, and has
notified him that he will bring up the
question later. Mascurand, president
of the leading organization of the ma
jority, has written to the Minister of
Commerce protesting against Lagrave's
removal. He says the latter's efforts
alone secured a worthy French repre
sentation at St. Louis.
. M. Dupont, president of the French
section of the St. Louis Exposition,
has written to Combes expressing the
protest of 7500 French exhibitors
against the removal of Lagrave. The
letter asserts that Combes has sacri
ficed Lagrave through personal ani
mosity. .
PARIS, July 18. — The removal of
Michael Lagrave from the commis
sioner generalship of France to the St.
Louis Exposition and the appointment
of Alfred Pickard, formerly commis
sioner general of the Paris Exposition,
to succeed him, has brought out strong
protest from influential quarters.
Friends of Deposed Commissioner Gen
eral of France to St. Louis Fair
File Strong Protests. •
LAGRAVE'S REMOVAL CAUSES
A STORM OF DISAPPROVAL
¦WASHINGTON, July 18.— General
Davis, Governor General of the Pan
ama canal strip, has advised the Pan
ama Canal Commission that he wants
100,000 yards of wire gauze to prevent
mosquito invasion of the zone. General
I>avis says that this will be perhaps
the largest order for mosquito netting
ever given. For the hospitals 20,000
yards will be needed, while for screen
ing the- houses along the zone 75,000
yards will be used.
WIRE GAUZE TO BE USED
TO SHUT OUT MOSQUITOES
SACRAME>TTO. July 18. — The Xa
tive Sons' midsummer carnival
opened here to-day auspiciously.
Queen Aileen Newton was escorted by
a troop of cavalry and her maids of
honor to her throne, where the Mayor
delivered to her the keys of the city.
The carnival la held on the Tenth
street plaza and surrounding streets,
with a host of shows and amusement
booths. The week will be filled by a
ribbon parade, forty-niner parade, a
parade of Native Sons and Daughters,
receptions, tennis tournament and the
like. The promise Is for a success
ful week of fun and wholesome
amusement. The purpose Is to raise
money to add to the fund for the State
celebration of Admission day by the
order next year.
Sacramento's Midsummer Fete Held
Under Auspices of Xatlve Sons
Is Opened.
MAYOR GIVES CITY'S KEYS
TO THE CARNIVAIj QUEEX
VALPARAISO, Chile, July 18.—Sev
en lives were lost In the cloudburst
which occurred Saturday. All were
women, drowned in their residences.
Hundreds of commercial houses and
private residences were Inundated,
causing great damage. Many poor fam
ilies were left destitute, having had
barely time enough to save their lives.
Subscriptions are being raised to help
the sufferers. It is feared additional
victims will be 'found beneath the
wreckage.
Dispatches from the southern prov
inces report rivers overflowing and de
stroying rallwaV bridges. Railroad
lines are cut in several places.
Hundreds of Buildings Are Inundated
at Valparaiso Through Phenom
enal Downpour of Water.
SEVEN WOMEN' LOSE THEIR
LIVES IX CLOUDBURST
Oakland— A. A. Mlnchman and wife, Mrs.
H. A. Melvln. Mrs. S. Gray and family
Stockton — M. Foulkes, H. L. Williams." M. B
Brown, T. A. Nelson and wife. R W, Gealey.
Miscellaneous — O. P, Willis, Sacramento;
A. F. Mills. E. McPort. M. T. Cray ton, San
Diego; J. F. Mlnear and wife. Yreka; L. A.
Mourot and wife. Redwood; M S. McCoy,
Westminster; C. Bush, Alameda; H. Fletcher,
Riverside; Mrs. G. Diamond, Jamestown; Mrs.
M. Pfelf«r, Redwood; W. S. Hickman, George
town; M. Bennett, San Jose; J. A. Smith,
Taylorvllle; W. H. Morrison. Rev. W. M.
Armstrong. Los Berros; Mi«a E. Oevinffs. Palo
Alto; E. W. Featherly. Yreka; M. F. Tarpey,
Alameda; W. Hella, Hollywood; J. Long-mire,
Colusa; A. McCornlck. Pomona; R. E. Whit
ney, Marysville; M. A. Winslort and wife,
Bartlett Springs ; E. A. Stella, Hollywood; M.
Dlck«y, Santa Ana; A. M. Smith. San Luis
Ohispo; A. J. McFadden, Santa Ana; F. Lock
wood, Rlalto; S. F. Williams, Santa Barbara;
A. B. Tarpey. Alameda; J. B. Allen, Santa
Clara; B. Bradlee, ¦ Santa Rosa; Mrs. E. D.
Roberta, San Bernardino; Mrs. S. Mathens.
Marysville; W. H. Rude, Chula Vista; Mrs.
H. M. Loveland. Fernvale; Mrs. 8. A. Slver,
H. L. Walden, Eureka; J. J. Otey, Yreka; Mrs.
C. S. Haycroft, Malaga; C. G. Gillham, San
Jose; C. Rlxde, Chula Vista; J. S. Danner, San
Rafael; H. Brickley, F. Schofleld, Fresno.
ST. LOUIS, July 18.— The following
California visitors have registered at
the California building:
San Francisco— S. L. Kline and wife. E. G.
Mc^rrey. A. Nelson. R. Lloyd and wife, E. W.
Marks. D. Cohen, I. E. Bennett and wife. C.
Lpdike. MUs N. Flynn, Dr. W. H. Ivie Dr
8. It. Chamlev and family, r> r . G. Huston, J.
C. B«rry. F. H. Lehman, C. T. HeiBher. W. A.
MeErrey. A. D. Lonr, Dr. F. L. Martin. F.
Brann and wife. Miss V. A. I.: Jones. A. W.
Jones. E. A. Mahoney, A. C. Tukekas. J. J.
Mahoney, C. P.. Baughmore. D. M. Robertson
J. B. Henrioulle and wife, J. G. Whitson, E.
V. Burns, P. Gaston, J. Gunzburger, G. A.
Williams. G. W. Marsh.
San Francisco Well Represented at St.
Louis Exposition.
CALIFORXIANS AT THE FAIR.
BERLIN, July 18. — The German
battleship Sehwaben, while on her
trial trip, ran aground near the island
of Fehmarn, damaging seventy feet of
her bottom. She proceeded to Kiel
under her own steam and was there
docked for repairs.
Xeiv Sehwaben Damages Seventy Feet
of Her Bottom and Goes to
Kiel for Repairs.
GERMAN' BATTLESHIP RUXS
ASHORE OX TRIAIi TRIP
CLUSES, France, July 18. — During
a riot of strikers here to-day several
shots were fired, resulting in the kill
ing of four persons and the wounding
of twenty-five. The- gendarmes, who
attempted to disperse the rioters,
were stoned.
Four Persons Killed and Twenty-
Five Wounded In French Town.
FATAL RIOT OF STRIKERS.
HAVANA, July IS.— All the unions
in the harbor' workmen's federation
struck to-day again in sympathy with
the stevedores, who had' refused to* re
sume work since the other strike was
partly settled unless the steamship
companies and consignees continue to
employ, stevedores through the unions
instead of individually. Some incipient
fights occurred between the strikers
and those who attempted to work. The
Mayor is again endeavoring to arbi
trate. -
Many non-union men are at work
at the wharves, which are guarded by
the police. Several non-union work
men were attacked by the unionists In
the streets to-day and twenty of the
latter were arrested.
I President Palma to-day summoned
the representatives of the principal
steamship lines and expressed to them
his hope that, if not Incompatible with
the general business interests, a con
ciliatory attitude be adopted toward
the strikers. The steamship men re
plied that they were willing to con
oede the question as to wages, but not
the recognition of the union.
A sympathetic strike of every union
is being urged by the strikers.
•Through the fatal mistake of Miss
Stella. Wllley, a nurse at the United
States Marine Hospital, Frank John
ison. a fjiiior, now occupies a slab at
the City Morjrue instead of a con
valescent's bed at the home for the
marine sick. The nurse by mistake
gave Johnson eight teaspoonfuls of bi
chloride of mercury instead of mag
nc-sium sulphate.
The accident occurred at 6 o'clock
Sunday nigrht. Miss WiHey was nurs
ing Johnson, who had been in the hos
pital but a few days. He was suf
fering from broken ribs, which he re
cel* ed - on July 16 by falling down the
hold of the ship Glory ol the Seaa.
Dr. Simpson had instructed the nurse
to give the patient doses of magnesium
sulphate. The medicines are kept in a
closet and no drug clerk Is retained by
the Government to dispense the rem
edies. . .
On Sunday evening Miss Wllley went
to the medicine closet to get a bottle
of magnesium sulphate solution. It
Kood beside a bottle of bichloride,
bearing the. same kind of a label, ex
cept for the email label on the neck
marked "poison." The solutions in the
two bore the name transparent color.
The nurse had been to the closet a
hundred times for the magnesium so
lution, and, thinking that she knew
the bottle, failed to read the label.
Going to the bed where Johnson
lay, «he gave him eight teaspoonfuls,
enough to kill several men. The sailor
became deathly sick. Dre. Simpson
and Warren were immediately sum
moned and discovered the nurse's fatal
blunder. Antidotes were administered
and the patient's stomach was emptied
with a pump. Johnson hovered be
tween life and death till 1:20 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, when he passed
away.
Detective Ed Gibson was detailed on
the case, but did not arrest the girl
pending the completion of the autopsy,
which will be performed this morning.
Dr. Simpson is of the opinion that
Johnson died of a punctured lung,
<~aused by a broken rib being forced
through his respiratory organ during
a fit of coughing, induced by the ef
fects of the poison. Detectives Gibson
believes that death was caused by the
poison, which was the indirect cause,
even though a lung was punctured.
If it is found that death was due to
the bichloride. Miss Willey will be
charged to-day with manslaughter.
The nurse is not a graduate, but is
known as a trained nurse. She was
about to take the examination to grad
uate. She epent eighteen months in
the California Women's Hospital and
had "been e!x months at the Marine
Hospital. She is 20 years of age and
keenly feels the awfulness of her mis
take.
Johnson was a sailor on the ship
Glory of the Seas.
I CINCINNATI, July 18.— The regis
i tration for the meeting of the Grand
I Lodge and the reunion of the Elks ex
| ceeded 15,000 to-night, while all the
railways were bringing in special
i trains and expecting their greatest
j crush to-morrow.
The grand opening to-night consisted
of fireworks on both sides of the Ohio
river. Two large steamboats were
j chartered. The one used for members
of the Grand Lodge and their families
and friends carried 2000, and the one
for members of the press and others
had 1000 persons aboard.
As the steamboats returned from a
cruise to Coney Island the twelve Ken
tucky suburbs and the river front of
Cincinnati and *its Ohio suburbs riv
aled one another In a display that
really asumed the proportions of a bat
tle of fireworks. The boathouses or.
various clubs were equipped as bat
tleships along the shores, and the
wharf boats were arranged in similar
form, presenting a magnificent naval
j display in action as the fireworks were
{ operated. This great exhibition closed
j with a huge illuminated picture of
I Grand Exalted Ruler Fanning at the
! Cincinnati public landing. It is esti
| mated that more than 100,000 persons
i witnessed the scenes along both banks
¦ of the Ohio, after which various enter
! tainments were given.
The Grand Lodge will open with a
| public session at 10 o'clock to-morrow
! in the Music Hall, preceded by an
j organ recital and other musical num
i bers. Following the address of wel
• come and responses, the annual re
: ports will be presented and the election
! of officers will end the animated con
| tests that were going on to-night for
: grand exalted ruler, grand exalted
j secretary and other offices. While
j there have been no material changes
; during the day, a very hard fight Is
¦ being made by the field against what
! is known as the administration' slate.
: O'Brien of Baltimore, for grand ex
• alted ruler, and Robinson of Dubuque,
i for grand exalted secretapy, are still
; favorites as the so-called administra
| tion candidates, but the election of no
I one seems to be assured.
3Iagnificent Scene Is Viewed
by Excursion Parties on
the Ohio River* at -Night
Frank Johnson of Ship Glory
.of the Seas Takes Potion
From Woman and Dies
President of Republic and
City's Mayor Are Attempt
ing to Effect Settlement
Captain William F. Kilgore. of the
revenue cutter service, was at the fair
during the week with his wife, on his
way to San Francisco, where he will
assume command of the revenue cut
ter Rush. Captain Kilgore's home is
at Sag Harbor,' New York, but he was
stationed at San Diego for a long time
and has a great love for California.
After he had partaken of ripe olives
and raisins at the San Diego booth,
which brought back memories of the
delightful \ conditions there, he was
more anxious than. ever to reach the
Golden State. The cool breezes of the
Pacific will be quite a contrast to him
to the heat waves here.
ER WIN'S LECTURES POPULAR.
J. "W. Erwin's lectures In the San
Francisco building have proved so suc
cessful that he has consented to deliver
a series in the evening at the Cali
fornia building. The few he has al
ready given at the latter place have
been well attended.
D. M. Delmas. Judge Coffey, Edward
Coffey, M. F. Tarpey, Arthur Tarpey,
Al. McCabe and George Cleary, San
Franciscans, and all left over from the
Democratic convention, have been
among the energetic fair visitors.
They covered a great deal of the ex
position in a short time and got a look
at most of its wonders.
Marion de Vries, formerly Congress
man from the Second District of Cali
fornia, but now a United States Gen
eral Appraiser, spent one day In St.
Louis during the week trying customs
cases. He was given a hearty wel
come by the Californians here, as his
popularity never wanes. He will pay
the exposition a more extended visit in
September. \M .,-•
ernor wishes to -get the best display
possible for; the money.. This sura is
not much with which to make a show
ing, some of the counties
having . expended more than this on
their exhibits here. It is expected that
great numbers of practical farmers
from the Northwest and many from
the East will visit the Portland fair,
and they are deemed 'a good class of
people to impress with the beauties of
California. I Most, of them are well-to
do and many of them are filled with
a desire to move to some place where
the conditions are less severe. The
Journey to California is not so long a
one for the farmer of the Northwest.
Governor Pardee, while here, took a
great many mental notes in regard- to
exposition work to aid him in securing
proper representation' at- the Lewis and
Clark exposition in Portland * next
year. The State has appropriated $20,
000 for an exhibit there and the! Gov-
PARDEE TAKES NOTES.
DISPLAYING GREAT ENERGY.
Not only is the Sacramento Valley
making a great and successful effort
to show Its resources, but the city of
Sacramento — the central city of this
rich section — is doing something on its
own account. It has three paid repre
sentatives in St. Louis working for the
good of the whole valley during the
fair. The leader of these is General J.
G. Martine, and he is assisted by J.
H. Devine and H. P. Rowley. They
have headauarters and an office at the
Hamilton Hotel, and work there and
at the other large hotels of the city —
the Southern, Planters and Jefferson
particularly. Their efforts are confined
to meeting visitors of means and inter
esting them in the Sacramento Valley.
They talk with many of these, and
their work should bring good results.
They also assist in giving information
to visitors at the Sacramento Valley
displays at the palaces of Agriculture
and Horticulture.
Sacramento, Butte, *Colusa, El Do-,
rado, Glenn, Placer, Shasta, Sutter,
Tehama, Yuba and Yolo the coun
ties embraced in the association.
Equally effective work is being done
for each of them by the representatives
here.
The nut industry of California is re
ceiving full. exemplification at this ex
position and the result will probably
be the sale of many small tracts of
land to homeseekers who see possibili
ties in this branch of horticulture. The
nuts of California find a good sale in
the Hast, but the finer and selected
ones do . not usually reach the aver
age person and the masses of visitors
are surprised at the great size of some
of the walnuts and almonds shown.
It is the almond of which the greatest
display is made and the English wal
nut is a close second. There are also
filberts or hazelnuts, peanuts and
some other varieties, San Joaquin
County even showing pecans, which
are grown on an island ranch below
Stockton. ' The principal display of al
monds and walnuts is made in the hor
ticultural building, where stand pillars
of them two feet square, each surface
showing a different variety of nut.
Every county in the Palace of Agri
culture display exhibits nuts. In some
cases the ugly pillars that support the
roof of the building are encased with
glass frames, behind which are poured
nuts, the pillars thus being made or
namental and none the less useful.
Nuts are shown everywhere in cases,
both In the shell and also shelled to
show the excellence of their meat.
Mr. Kimball says that in the early
sixties a Chinaman brought from his
native country to Oakland some shad
dock seed, which he planted in the yard
of the home where he was employed,
and that there must be some shaddocks
standing there to-day. . •,. . ;r
The Sacramento Valley is going to
secure a total of more advertising out
of this fair than it has obtained during
almost all its previous existence. It haa
awakened to the fact that advertising
is necessary to draw homeseekers, and
it is entering into this fair with a de
termination to win. It will win. Re
sults are coming already, and the ex
position is not half over; neither have
the jbig crowds passed through its
gates. The three closing months will
in all likelihood make a new record for
attendance at world's fairs, and every
locality properly represented will reap
the benefit.
The new arrival from San Diego has
been given a place of honor in the Cal
ifornia display in the Palace of Horti
culture, and, as the venerable father
of the proud citrus family, It is gazed
upon with respect by all the other
fruits from their Jars and dishes.
The grape fruit, or pomelo, so gen
erally used as a ; breakfast dish, is but
a civilized shaddock— a citrus hybrid
struggling on its way to the upper
tendom of the aristocratic orange and
lemon.
"By grafting and hybridizing," said
Commissioner Kimball, "the horticul
tural scientists have evolved the
orange and' other citrus fruits from
the shaddock. The Chinese did part of
this, and the shaddock's better flavored
children, finding their way across
Tibet and Russia to the Mediterranean,
were still further improved until we
have to-dav the perfected fruit grown
In California and other favored parts
of the world."
CALL BUREAU. PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLDS FAIR, July 18.—Ex
position .visitors, who were fortunate
enough to drop into the San Diego
booth in California's main display, this
week, have learned something about
the golden orange that Is instructive
to them. Thev have learned that the
beautiful fruit has a genealogy that
extends far back through the cycles of
time into the veiled years that hold the
beginning of China in mystery and
that its ancestor was as rough as the
savage races of men that preceded the
present day civilized humanity. . Not
only the orange, but the lemon and
other citrus fruits owe their origin to
this common ancestor, evolution and
the science of horticulture having im
proved their flavor and given them
the prettv coats with which thev cut
such a dash in the world of fruits.
The humble shaddock with its rough,
thick rind and Its tough interior is the
ancestor of the orange. One of these,
of enormous 6ize, arrived for Frank
Kimball, the commissioner from San
Diego, and it was by Kimball and
through this Ehaddock that the visitors
were enlightened as to the family his
tory of the golden fruits that so de
light the eye and the palate, and
which every one firmly believed came
with all their golden glow and nectar
flavor direct from the garden of Eden.
"The father of all citrus fruits." said
Kimball, as he gazed affectionately at
the ¦ homely shaddock, almost as big
as his head, that had made the trip to
St. Louis from the yard of W. H. Put
nam In the city of San Diego.
THE SHADDOCK'S CHILDREN*.
POISON KILLS SAILOR
"OPEX SHOP" IS ISSUE
BATTLE OF FIBEWORKS
BY PAUIi EDWARDS.
Cincinnati Is Generous in
Its Entertainriient of the
Grand Lodge of Elks
Water Front of Cuban Cap
ital the Scene of Up-to-
Date Industrial Dispute
Stella. Willey of Marine
Hospital Gives Patient
Wrong Drag by 3Iistake
Visitors to the. World's Fair Throng California's Section to
See the Venerable Father of the Citrus Family From
Which Has Been Evolved the Famiiiar Golden Fruit
NURSE MAKES
FATAL ERROR
HAVANA UNIONS
RESUME STRIKE
ANTLERED HERD
OWNS THE CITY
UGLY ANCESTOR OF ORANGE
IS GIVEN PLACE OF HONOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 1!>, 1904.
4
DB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
jPwna WowLDs/^ra
Jg Our «dle knowledge of the peo- ym
¥ pie on other worlds and how far 1
• the people there differ from our \
inhabitants, can only be gnewed by
comparison with animal nature on this
small sphere of ours. More important
to us U a knowledge of ourselves.
"Kkow Thyself" was an old Greek
thought. How to take care of one's
own Dod j is not so simple as some think ;
the human mechanism is a wonderful
thing and requires watching.
One man who has done more to teach
the American people bow to care for their
bodies than almost anr other, is Dr. R. V.
Pierce, of Bufialo, N. Y., the Author of the
'Common Sense Medical Adviser.* He
says : It is not the quantity of the food
eaten which produces strength and health
(for some people can keep strong' on a very
meagre diet), but it it how much food is
absorbed and assimilated by the blood and
carried to nourish every organ of the body.
It is, therefore, vitally necessary for the
body that the storaach be in a healthy
state. If disease of the stomach, or what is
called "stomach trouble," prevents proper
nutrition then the heart, liver, lungs, and
kidneys do not get proper food—they are
not fed on rich red blood, and in conse-
qoence, begin to show signs of distress.
Outwardly these xignt may be pimples
and eruptions on skin, pale face, sleepless
nights, tired, lanpruid feelings, or, by reason
of the nerves not being fed on pure blood,
they become starved, and we receive a
warning in the pain we call neuralgia.
Rheumatism, too, is a blood disease. After
years of practice and study Dr. Pierce
found that an Alterative Extract, which he
named "Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery," made from the extracts of several
plants, invariably produced a tonic effect
upon the system. It helped the process of
absorption of the healthy elements in lbs
food and increased the red corpuscles of
the blood, as well as eliminated the poisons
from th<A>Tstem.
Business is business. No time for bead-
aches. Constipation causes them. Doctor
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure them by cur-
*m the cause. Laxative and mild.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 California St., r«. «,,,„««. San Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF, THE, '-• - , <7I
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• QFTHE • - - -
ALLIANCE INSURANCE
CORPORATION, LIMITED,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE S1ST
day of December. A. D. 1903, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensea
aa per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250,000 CO
ASSETS. "' ' "~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $519.660 24
Loans on Honda and Mortgages... 145 00O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦
and Bonds "owned by Company 513,704 M
Cash in Company's Office 23.870 2*
Cash in Banks 4U3.241 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,137 5X
Du<j from other Companies.
Agents, etc 692.633 23
Total assets ;$2.20O.252 7i>
LIABILITIES. ~ ~™
Tomm adjusted aad unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment
cr In Suspense . S532.725 S3
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses
Gross eremiums on Fire Risks
running ona year or less, $— ;
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks f 159,056 14 «
running more than one year.
$ r; reinsurance pro rata
Gross Dremiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risfcs.
S ; reinsurance 100 per cent.
Grofs premiums on Marine Time f 262 760 It
Risks, t ; reinsurance 50 1
cent J
Liability under other departments. 414 881 S»
Cash dividend remaining unpaid.. -' 37 so
All other Liabilities. . .7 V..... S.KM 77
Total liabilities $1,300,055 SO
INCOME. ~~~ ¦ ¦ =
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums tip* <wvt «r»
Net rash actually received for MW ' aws "
Marine premiums 468.033 7O
Received for . Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 5 S50 00
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans, and" *
from all other sources - KJSOTxi
Received for Rents 13.642 :i5
Fe«s received for transfers ..." 21.798 :t
Received from all other sources.-. • -j8i.ta3 3O
Total Income. $1,514,923 13
EXPENDITURES ~~~ ~
J»«t amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 3.233 a,, »,
Net amount paid for Marine '
Losses (including $ losses of '
previous years) .' 3riS 11 ...
Dividends to Stockholders 5o.'000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage /i2n n RRi
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other ***"¦¦ Oi
charges for officers, clerks,
losses of other branches, etc. . lai «»ih ftt
Paid for State. Nations and Local . ° ""° °*
Taxes •»•••...•»•.••« «.....,, r . 3 **q\ 34
'All other payments and «xoendi-
tures 39.45310
Total expenditures $lHc37lsT95
Risks and Premiums. Flra Riska.] Premiums?
Net amount of Risks i~
written during the !
y ear • - - «12.641.8DO I $3D7.640 .23
Net amount of Risk?
expired durins the
year 220.159.233 4CS.9C6 63
Net amount In fore*
December 31. 1903 80.733.137 153.050 tt
Risks and Premiums Marine Rlsksl Premiums.
Net amount of Risks :
written during the ;
y e * r '•• $2S0. 140. 6S0i$2. 437.223 09
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
y* ar 2ll.404.a9J 2.0CC.315 11
Not amount in force j
December 31. 1003. 19.55S.3i»j 137.700 11
PAVL SZELINSKI. President.
' . ¦ . . MARCUS MACEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and nworn to before me. this
29th day of April. 1004.
JAMES II. NOUNAN.
U. S. Consul General.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF PEORIA. IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. !
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1903.
and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner, of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the. Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company $7,000 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages 276. 656 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ! ISO, 295 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable eecurltie* as collateral 71.0S3 93
Cash In Company" s Office 3,363 10
Cash in Banks 96.2S9 27
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,759 07
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.115 93
Premiums, in due Course of Collec-
tion 53.721 92,
Total aaseta ....$701,294 47
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unnaid $7,995 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 10.000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $260, U2S 53;
reinsurance 50 per cent 130,014 26
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $243,-
179 40; reinsurance pro rata 149,998 02
Total liabilities <29S.0O7 2S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $371,885 76
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 18.072 01
.Received for Interest and dividends . i !¦'¦¦
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 6.186 00
Received for Kents 469 73
Total Income- $396.503 55
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $U,7U3 47, losses of pre-
vious years) $126,373 09
Dividends to Stockholders : 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 102.106 Crt
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers,, clerks, etc.... 7.2S9 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 5,944 96
All other payments and expenditures 17.117 05
Total expenditures $278,830 16
Firs.
Losses Incurred during tha year. ...$126,373 09
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $32,556,476 $435.006 60
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 16,396,511 223.127 63
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903.. 39.199,545 508,207 63
* «
BERNARD CREMER. President.
CHAS. CREMER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of January, 1904.
WILLIAM F. VOG EL. Notary Public
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TT-3
UNITED twm
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Slat day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1503. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed aa P<r blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up „,„-..„
In Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $202.034 00
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 354,86100
Cash Market Valu« of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 898.678 CO
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as ,„,_„
collateral 1S4.S0O 00
Cash m Company's Office 3.664 60
Cash in Banks 64,067 01
Interert due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. 2.348 65
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 4.467 06
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 46,2.453
Rents due and accrued 4-5 00
Perpetual Deposits In course pt •
collection v 3.039 14
Al'. other Assets 19 ? 95
Total Assets .$1.753.757 84
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11.13164
L>cse3 in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense '117
Lo?se3 resisted, including expenses 2,300 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rinks run-
ning one year or less. $308,-
039 78; .reinsurance 50 per cent.. 154,489 89
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns more than one year. $355.-
650 82* reinsurance pro •.-?¦• 188,251 04
Amount recUimable by the insured -
on perpetual policies 878,105 97
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent?, etc 193 45
Due and to become due for taxes
and assessments 8,368 S6
Total Liabilities .....$1.257.006 04
" • INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $409,672 74
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19,129 57
Received for interest and dividends
i.n Bonds. Stocks. Loan*, and '
from all other sources 46.617 91
Received for Rents 10.027 17
1.137 83
Total Income $486,585 22
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including; S29.313 06. losses of
previous years) $230.180 23
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .' . . 102,753 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 80.974 05
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 11.07072
All other payments and expendi-
ture* :.. 35.54570
Total Expenditure* $440,524 CO
• . ; ; " f V' ; -'V' Jr *.- : : Fire.
Losses Incurred during: tha year. . . $222,493 09
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
written during the
year $43,089,787 $516,957 71
Net amount of Ricks
expired during the ¦
year 40,600.356 486.03311
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903 61,777,849 664.500 60
ROBT. B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of January. 1004. WM. M. McKEE Jr.,
Notary Public.
ADVEBTISEMESTi [¦ ¦
The Kind You Have Always Sought has borne the sijjna-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under hi*
personal supervision «for over 30 years. Allow no on«
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
" Jnst-as-grood " are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children — Experience against Experiments
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing 1 Syrups. It L* Pleasant. It
- contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worm*
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea* and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething" Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the . .
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcatJ /©v« (%T*\' (/*" \
4HUSEUH OF ANATOMY* Wad\(
A £& 10511LLlOTST.t«t.l:a«7tt.3J.C»iA Jp^fi I / */ ~~Cl
\ ty Tie Urrii; Anatomical Mnscma to tk* \ f*jgn K \ TvV •
X R»^n «|:ie».ep»»IU»*l7cMr«4i> y tke.ideit f /i I 'V . Vj VVvTV/ I ¦> r l
O IjSjsl S>P«a«liit eo !*• Cout. Eit.36 T c»r». O /VV*^/ / \*^7\W
6 &^&l DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A &^'ZXd VVJ?' l?3kX
\ 6 a H '•*"'•• O«"» «'»cr7C*»«un<t«n«xea. ¥ jfife&SlXjK** 1 •^^fe&fc-^*
nF lift Wnta for Bo«k. rBiL««opaT«i A £§3&rcss9v\ X rVNg' ,^
Y • j V nisBiAct:. mailbd **«*. ( a. Y Mz&SQ&f m\ Jt /Cr^^^Jl
Q Da JOCDiM A CO.. 1051 Marktt St.. 8. F. V #il6«W V^V =L ¦
H» S. BR.IDGE & CO., «*r*»»«T^|| ' 'I*
MERCHANT TAILORS,
622 Market Street. ( nn U \l o f\n**%$g*ml
u > st iVi^£ Ho " L " sn * " a Comfort
Novelties in Imported Wear. I To know that a competent man will call
¦$$$5S533555335S3535S$$S3SS55$$SS55S5!.' 'or your laundry, that competent peo-
~ ' pie •will do your laundry work well and
UIV CClirD? rompt relief - c«n«« r«n>o'«^. that you won't be bankrupt as a re-
naff fr ¦ PH M-mptoms cerfr return A com- ,.«•"„ ,
¦mi ¦ hiiiiip|, t , Md permanent ecn»::ta. suit? Comfort comes from calling up
AN0 ASTHHA "wriL^'tVn^ SWt. 1 "* the UnIted states Laundry per phone.
P. HAROLD HAYES. Buffalo, N. Y. No saw edgeg.
m ii n ii ai nn it WITH) STATES LAUNDRY,
WbbHf Call $1.00 Der Year t.c^s^ t -of these trees falling.
In June the commissioners held their
annual yearly meeting to pass upon the
different concessions and needs of the
\ alley and vicinity. Quite a discus-
YOSEMITE. July IS.— The fate of the
famous "Grizzly Giant," the pride of
all the stately sequoias of the Mariposa
big tree grove, has aroused much dis
cussion. The Yopemite Park Commis
sioners have already taken under seri
ous consideration the reports that the
biggest tree in the world, after its 5000
years of life, is at last dying and about
to fall. Just what to do to save the
giant is a question. Men highly versed
in forestry have advised the tricing up
of the tree, claiming that by staying
its tendency to tumble over its life may
be spared for many years to come. The
majority of the commissioners seem to
take this view, too, and have gone so
far as to order cables and plans for
holding the monarch in position. On
the other hand there are those who
point to the fact that, while the grove
contains the skeletons of many a fallen
giant sequoia, there Is not within the
memory of any one in the present gen
eration who ever saw or heard of one
sion was given to the "Grizzly Giant."
Owing to a serious accident which be
fell Commissioner J. C. Wilson and
necessitated his immediate return to
San Francisco the matter was held
over for further discussion.
State Road Commissioner Ellery was
delegated by the commission- to visit
the Mariposa grove of big trees and
to report his views on this subject.
Ellery after an Inspection stated that
with cables and guide wires he thought
that the "Grizzly Giant" could be pre
served for some time to come.
Commissioner J. C. Wilson states that
he has examined the "Grizzly Giant"
thoroughly and he thinks ¦ that no
cables or wires will be necessary, as
the tree is only following the true
course of nature and beyond a slight
tendency to lean a bit is no worse, off
than twenty others of the Mariposa
group. of big trees, and is inclined to
let nature take its course, saying there
Is no cause to worry over the outcome,
as he firmly believes that it will be
many years before the "Grizzly Giant"
will have to' be braced up by unsightly
cable** and guy wires, marring the
picturesque beauty of the grove.
"G1AXT GRIZZLY" OF THE MARIPOSA GROVE, THE MONARCH OP BIG
TREES. THAT IS BELIEVED TO BE- DYING AT AN AGE OF MORE THAN
FIVE THOUSAND TEARS. ,
The manager of a Viennese theater
offers two prizes of $600 and $400 for
good librettos for operettas.;} :'.
Thirst of Sailors on Adams Leaves
¦ Training Ship at Samoa Without
Aids to Navigation.
TUTUILA, July 5. — In order to get
some alcohol several sailors of the
United States steamship Adams broke
all ' the. compasses on the vessel.
There is not asound. compass now on
board and the warship cannot put
to sea' until new ones are obtained
from the United States.
BREAK ALL. THE COMPASSES
TO GET SUPPLY OF ALCOHOL
; The feeling in Holton-is very bitter
against. the negroes and if was to pre
vent a possible lynching that the offi
cers brought them here. Scott isMn_a.
serious condition.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 18.— Xathan
Shad and Blalne Greenway, two Hol
ton negroes, are in the county jail here
charged .with assault with Intent to
kill. They are accused of having tried
fo.rob Arthur Scott, a white boy, 16
years . old; in Holton, and of having
fractured . his skull with" a rock.* The
negroes. will, be. held here pending the
result. of Scott's Injuries and will then
be taken to Holton for preliminary
trial.
Colored Prisoners Taken to Topeka to
Save Them From Violence of
Aroused Populace.
NEGRO FOOTPADS IN KANSAS
NEARLY KILL A WHITE "BOY
TUTUILA. July 6.— Captain Sin
clair of the American yacht Lurline
was compelled by the High Court of
Tutuila to take . away a Chinaman
whom he had descharged before, the
United States Consul General in Apia
and who had gone from the Lurline
to the steamer Maori for pasasge' to
Tutuila and intended . to go by the
Oceanic steamer to • Honolulu. The
captain of the Sonoma refused pas
sage for the Chinaman and he was
thus left in Tutuila. After the de
parture of the Sonoma Captain Sin
clair arrived with his yacht* in Pago
Pago, when' action was brought
against him by the agent of the steam
ship Maori, with the \ result \ above
stated. Captain Sinclair went to Fiji
after leaving Pago Pago.
Commander of Pleasure Craft • Is
Compelled to Give Passage to Chi
nese Servant Ho Discharged.
YACHT LURLINE PAYS
VISIT. TO SAMOAN PORT
WASHIXGTOX, July 18.— On July
25 at San Francisco the first-class bat
tleship Ohio will be given her initial
trial trip. The trial board was ap
pointed to-day, consisting of Rear Ad
miral W. H. Whiting, Lieutenant
Commander J. P. Glennan, Lieutenant
Commander C. A. Carr and Lieuten
ant C. A. P. Hepburn. \ The machinery
board will comprise Lieutenant C. A.
Carr, chairman, and Lieutenants A. M.
Mitchell' and J. F. Babcock.
If her trial is successful it is ex
pected that the Ohio will be sent im
mediately to the Asiatic station to
take the place of the Kentucky, the
ship on which Rear. Admiral Evans
recently returned to the Unit,ed States.
It is likely that the Ohio will become
the flagship of the Asiatic squadron.
Navy Department Appoints Officers
Who Will Have Charge of the
Vessel's Official Test.
BATTLESHIP OHIO WILL
SOON .HAVE TRIAL TRIP
"WASHINGTON, July 18. — Acting
Secretary of> the Xavy Darling to-day
informed by letter R. H. F. Sewell of
New Orleans, the contractor who
made the arrangements with the Cu
ban Government to remove the wreck
of the Maine, that the Xavy Depart
ment has no authority either to aban
don the vessel or to permit its re
moval. He stated that Congress alone
can dispose of the public property of
the United States and that the Xavy
Department does not contemplate any
work upon the wreck. This is an ap
proval from the head of the depart
ment of the position heretofore taken
by Captain Diehl, judge advocate gen
eral, and ends, at least for the time
being, the controversy with regard to
raising the wreck.
Acting Secretary of Navy Darling Says
Only Congress Cnn Give Permis
sion for Its Removal.
CONTRACTOR MAY NOT
BAISE I WRECK OF MAINE
£ The Government plans the construc
tion of a mammoth reservoir to store
the flood waters from the Milk River
and Northern Montana streams, from
which it is planned to reclaim in the
neighborhood of 150.000 acres of what
is now practically desert land.
BUTTE, Mont., July 18. — Official
news has been received at Great Falls
from the Secretary of the Interior De
partment calling for bids for the con
struction of the main portion of the
Milk River canal and it is expected
that work on the irrigation project,
the largest ever undertaken by the
Federal Government, will commence
within two months. Chief Xewell of
the reclamation service will arrive at
Malta, Mont., within two weeks, when,
it is expected, operations will be be
gun on, a forty-mile portion of the
canal. For this section alone $750,
000 is available.
GOVERNMENT WANTS BIDS
FOR CANAL CONSTRUCTION
Soon to Begin Work Upon an Immense
Irrigation Project in
Montana.
CHICAGO. July IS.— Lack of t2l*
usual amount of water ballast and an
exceptionally large crowd of passen
gers on the steamer Eastland combined
to caus* much uneasiness on * til* re
turn trip from South Haven last nljcJrt.
When the homeward voyage was bejroa
late in the afternoon all the passesffsr*
tried to find seats on the shady aid*
of the boat. This caused th» steamer
to list heavily to starboard. Member*
of the crew hastened to close tha lowts
portholes, while many women s«eur«S
life preservers and crowded to th»
steamer's ralL
This caused the boat to settl» faxt&tr
to starboard and some of the pmna»
gers became thoroughly alarmed.
The crew was at once mustered %7
the officers and an attempt was martft
to reason with the frightened men and
women.
The passengers refused to obey or
ders and finally, in order to drive thesa
away from the rail, the fire hos» was
used. It proved effective and tha
crowd went to the lower deck.
The women were persuaded Into 12ia
smoking-rooms of the cabin and were
reassured by the officers, while th.9
men were talked to outside by ether
members of the crew, j The ship held
to its course, despite the petitions of
the passengers to turn around, and
finally reached" Chicago. Many of the
women insisted on wearing preserver*
until the vessel reached its destina
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESXO. Julv 15.— There is a big
upheaval in Fresno police circles and
as a result Mayor Stephens has called
an investigation for to-morrow night
that may result in the dismissal of half
of the department. Police Sergeant
Simpson, who was promoted to this
position but two weeks ago, is accused
of using his authority to exact tribute
from women of the tenderloin, Chin
ese and Japanese gamblers, to guaran
tee them immunity from arrest.
The charge is made also against
Patrolmen Frank Xelson, George
Welch, Charles Farman and J. S. Rob
inson. Most of the accusations are
made by other members of the depart
ment, particularly Officers E. B. Brad
ly and F. R.- Harriman. - The depart
ment has for some time been split into
two factions, and the appointment of
Simpson as sergeant has precipitated
the trouble that has just arisen. One
of the specific charges Is that on the
night of June 30, Simpson and Xel
son arrested R. S.- Faulkner for dis
turbing the peace. They started him
to jail, but in the courthouse park, it
is alleged, they offered to release him
if he would pay them twenty dollars.
He handed over the money, but told
the story to a relative the next day,
who In turn told it to Harriman.
Several Japanese, it is said, are
ready to testify that Simpson, Robin
son and Farman arrested them, but
released them on the payment of a
small sum of money. Sergeant Simp
son charges Harriman and Bradley
with neglecting their duty and behav
ing in a manner unbecoming an officer
so that they, too, will be on the official
carpet. Mayor Stephens has an
nounced his intentions of making the
investigation a public one and probing
the matter to the bottom.
HONOLULU CONVICT FAILS
IN SCHEME TO BREAK JAUi
Prisoner's Plot Balked and 3Ian Who
Helped Him Gets Six Months'
I mprisonment.
HONOLULU, July 11.— Fred Woods,
a negro convict, who has several times
broken jail, has been discovered in an
other plot to escape. W. J. Glenn, a
sailor on the United States training
ship Adams, who was serving a sen
tence fornssault, was tried to-day for
assisting Woods in his plot, which in
volved breaking away from the road
gang and getting away on a trans
port. Glenn was given six months for
his part in the plot.
HONOR THE DKAD LEADER
OF THE ZIONIST MOVEMENT
Memorial Mass-Mcetins; Held in New
York Is Attended by 31any Promi
nent in the Order.
NEW YOKK. July 18. — A memorial
mass-meeting has been h-ld by the
Zionist Council of Greater New York
at Carnegie Hall in honor of Dr. Theo
dore Herzl, the dead leader of tha
Zionist movement. President Friend
enwald of the Federation of American
Zionists, Secretary D. Haas and other
leaders in the movement spoke.
RAILROAD MliS ARE HELD
RESPONSIBLE FOR WRECK
Coroner's Jury Blames Operator and
Flagman for the Loss of Si.x
tecn Lives.
NEW YORK, July IS. — William T.
Richards, station operator, and Er
nest Heller, rear flagman, were to-day
found responsible for the wreck of a
train on the Greenwood Lake division
of the Erie Railroad at Midvale sta
tiona^week ago. by which sixteen per
sons lost their lives and fifty were in
jured.
Coroner Blauvelt instituted the in
quiry by holding an inquest over the
body of Henry Kanzer, who lost his
life in the accident. By his own ad
mission Heller did not go back more
than 200 or 300 feet at any time after
his train stopped and had partly re
traced his steps. It had also been
shown that he held his flag rolled up.
Richards knew his signal was out of
order and uncertain of action and was
told by an engineer who was on the
station platform that it was clear. It
remained as it was and the crash fol
lowed.
MILLER WILL PRODUCE
NEW PLAY IN THIS CTTT
Miss Hilda Spong, "Who Will Appear
With Actor Here in "Joseph En
tangled," Reaches New York.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Miss Hilda
Spong, who was a passenger on th«
St. Louis, which arrived here to-day
from Southampton, will go direct to
San Francisco to join Henry Miller's
company in Henry Arthur Jones' new
play. "Joseph Entangled." which
Charles Frohman will produce in that
city. ~:%">
LIGURIA REFUSED COAL
SUPPLY AT TUTUILA
Italian Cruiser Reaches Samoan Port
Short of Fuel and Has to Go to
Apia to Fill Her Bunkers.
TUTUILA, July 5.— The Italian
warship Liguria arrived June 27. An
application was made to the com
mandant for coal, of which there is
abundance lying exposed to the sun
for the want of proper sheds, but the
commandant could only promise suffi
cient to take the vessel to the next
port, which is Apia, about eight
hours* run from here. The captain of
the Liguria had enough to take him to
that place, where he went the next
morning.
MARE ISLAND IS TO
BUILD NAVY COLLIER
One of Two Vessels Authorized hf
Last Congress Will Be Con-
structed in California.
WASHIXGTOX. July 18. — Wfcil*
not officially announced, the under
standing at the Navy Department la
that the two colliers authorized by the
last Congress will be built at the navy;
yards at Xeiv York and Mare Island.
Bill Receives Royal Consent.
OTTAWA, July IS.— The national
transcontinental bill received the
royal consent by the Deputy Governor
in the Senate to-day and is now a law.
This is the Grand Trunk Pacific Rail
way measure. *
Earthquake Shakes Ecuador.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, July IS.—
Two long, heavy earthquake shocka
were felt here this morning.
There \va3 a Chautauqua vigil held
late this afternoon at which a quiet
hour's memorial service was spent in
tributes to those who have passed on.
J. A/ Emery gave the Chautauquans
a vigorous address to-day on the work
of the Citizens' Alliance and made a
powerful plea for the individual liberty
of both employer and employe.
. Dr. S. L. Krebs is lecturing to a full
house to-night on '"Mind and Matter."
PACIFIC GROVE, July 18.— The
twenty-fifth anniversary of the organ
ization of the Pacific Coast Chautau
qua Assembly was appropriately, ob
served here to-dajt The exercises were
in the large auditorium and were well
attended. There were six people pres
ent to-day who' were here and helped
organize the assembly ' twenty-five
years ago. They were Mrs. H. Rice,
David Jacks, Mrs. Dr. Bentley, Josiah
Keep, Mary B. Newton and Mrs. H.
Wagner. Another of tne founders,
Bishop Vincent, 'sent greetings from
Chautauqua, X. Y.
Reminiscent papers from Miss M. L.
Washburn, Miss^M. E. B. Norton and
Mrs. E. J. Dawson were also read.
Greetings were read from Mrs. M. E.
Bennett, class of 'S3; Joel Bean read
an original poem and Mrs. R. S. Hun
kins rendered a vocal solo. The anni
versary address was delivered by Dr.
McClish, who said that the camp fire
kindled here twenty-five years ago by
the Chautauqua had illuminated the
entire coast, while the fires built by
pirates and smugglers on the shores of
the beautiful Bay of Monterey had left
no trace.
Special I»pst.cii to Tise Call
STOCKTON', July IS.— The court
martial to try Captain Asa Newell, of
Company B. X. G. C. convened this
afternoon in the local armory. The
court consists cf Colonel Forbes,
judge advocate; Colonel Seymour,
Major Parker, Major Simonds and Cap
tains Moore and Whittaker. After the
ccurt had been sworn in and Miss Ger
trude Starkhouse had been sworn in
c* reporter, the charges against. Cap
tain Xewell were read as follows:
First, that he falsified his accounts
:n that he put in a voucher for $19 80
for labor performed by Private J. E.
Dror.an. whereas Dronan did but 512
wcrth cf work.
Second, that h* is guilty of neglect
of duty in that he lost som* of the May
records of the company.
Third, that he made false returns in
March. April and May. in that he certi
fied in his monthly reports that cer
tain rr.era'bers of his company were
1 resrnt at drill when in reality they
v ere absent.
Fourth, that he made false enlist
ments, in that he failed to have post
ed in th? armory for one week prior
to election the names of applicants for
enlistment and that he had men en
::st^d without the required medical ex
amination.
Attorney C. P. Rendon was admitted
as counsel for the defendant after the
court had considered the matter behind
c!csed doors. The latter demurred to
the first, second and third charges in
that farts necessary to constitute a
rs'jre for action were not stated in the
charges. The afternoon was consumed
in hearing preliminary motions and the
trial will proceed to-morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
SANTA CRUZ, July 18.— The first so
cial function at Camp Dowdall was
held at the Casino ballroom to
night. The band, after an open-air
concert, led the way to the ballroom,
where Company D gave an exhibition
drill. This was followed by a grand
military ball.
The cadets had their first real hard
drill to-day.
At 5 o'clock this morning the regi
mental chaplain, Rev. Philip O'Ryan,
left camp and became so Interested in
salmon fishing that he was not back
in time for prayers^, so the invocation
fell to the lot of Major P. J. Hag
gerty.
The first dress parade was held at
5:45 this afternoon. The regiment pre
sented a fine appearance.
Many visitors are here as guests of
the camp. To-day T. P. O'Brien was
at the camp. Among the lady guests
of Camp Dowdall are Mrs. Colonel
Power and family, Miss M. Power, Mrs.
M. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Major P. J. Hag
gerty and family. Miss L. Crawford,
Misses Gallagher, Miss Hellman and
Mrs. Dr. Morrisey and family.
The camp streets have been named
as follows: Conway boulevard, for
Company D; Harmony lane, for Com
pany H; Stanford boulevard, for Com
pany I of Menlo Park; Johnston boule
vard, for companies K and L.
Thomas W. Kelly received word to
day from Archbishop Montgomery of
San Francisco, the founder of the or
ganization, that he would be here on
Thursday to visit the camp, accom
panied by Rev. Dr. McGuire, professor
at the Catholic University at Wash
ington, D. C. A grand review is to be
held in their honor and a reception
held.
One of the big affairs of the week
will be the officers' ball on Wednesday
evening at the Casino.
DEATH OF MRS. COULSTON
\\TLL BE FELT IX SOUTH
Woman Who Died hi Oakland Was
Prominently Identified With
Charity Work In San Dieco.
SAN" DIEGO, July 16. — Xews was
received here this afternoon of the
death of Mrs. M. B. Coulston of this
city in Oakland last night. Mrs. Coul
ston was a native of Pennsylvania,
EndJ^.as been associated with the ex
tensive park improvement work in
this city. Her principal work has
been with the Associated Charities. As
editor in chief of "Garden and For
est" she has become favorably known
among horticulturists all over the
country. She was a member of va
rious sociaJ and literary clubs in this
city. She leaves two children. Mrs.
Wilfred Clarke, who is now in To
ronto, and Claude Coulston. an elec
trical engineer of Philadelphia.
LEAVE THEIR TRAIN
TO RESCUE COMRADES
Soldiers Resent Arrest of Two of
Their Party and Batter in
Jail Door.
SAX BERNARDINO, July IS. — The
Jail at Barstow was practically de
molished by a trainload of soldiers
who were on their way across the
continent to the Presidio at San Fran
cisco.
A tramp, hiding among the soldiers,
had been beating his way along the
line for many hundred miles. Arriv
ing at Barstow the tramp was dis
covered and arrested by the local au
thorities. A soldier remonstrated with
the officers and was also arrested, the
two being taken to the jail and
locked up.
The soldiers left the coaches, seized
a railroad rail and battered the jail
door in, releasing the prisoners and
marching off with them to the train
in spite of the officers.
MIRDERER MUST SERVE
TEN YEARS IN PRISON
Cyrns Wood, Who Killed Verne Rog
ers, Is Convicted on Second
Trial.
WOODLAND, July 18.-— Judge Ged
dip to-day sentenced Cyrus V. Wood,
recently convicted of manslaughter,
lo serve ten years in the State's prison
at Foisom.
The sentence is the limit for that
degree of murder. Wood's attorneys
gave notice of appeal from I Judge
Geddis" decision.
Wood shot and killed Verne Rog
ers in the hills of Capay Valley last
February. He surprised Rogers, who
was with Laura Miller. Wood was
twice tried, the first trial resulting in
a hung jury.
REFUSES TO ASSIST
HIS AGED MOTHER
Woman Dies in the County Hos
pital at Redding, Ignored by
Her Offspring.
REDDING, July 18. — With a son
living at Marysville. Yuba County,
who is said to have refused to listen
to all appeals and requests for aid,
Mrs. Ann Lewis, 80 years of age, died
yesterday in the County Hospital, in
which Institution she had been an in
mate at frequent intervals during the
last eight or ten years. Steward Baker
wrote repeatedly to her son at Marys
ville. He refused to answer. Finally
a registered letter was sent. The son
signed the receipt for the letter, but
never answered the letter itself nor
showed the least disposition to come
to the aid of his aged mother, who
needed his assistance.
PREPARING TO BREAK
CAMP AT LAKE VIEW
Various Regiments of Troops at the
Washington Encampment Are
Planning to Leave.
TACOMA. July IS. — Troops will be
gin to break camp at Lake View to
morrow, the first separate Oregon bat
talion being the first to leave. Troops
from Takima, Spokane, Colfax and
Waitsburg leave by special train from
Lake View at 7 o'clock to-morrow
morning. Other troops will follow
Tuesday and Wednesday.
To-night a grand ball will be given
at the Tacoma Hotel to the officers of
tbe encampment. The function is un
der the auspices of the Chamber of
Commerce.
INTERNATIONAL JURYMEN
MUST PAY OWN EXPENSES
Judges From Germany to World's
Fair Go to St. Ix>uis at Per
sonal Cost of $02,000..
BERLIN, July IS. — Some irritation
finds expression in the newspapers
here because the management of the
St. Louis Exposition declines to bear
the' expense of the international jury
men. It was assumed here, upon the
basis of the exposition publications,
that the expenses would be borne,
and the newspapers now speak of bad
faith in asking the Judges to take a
long and expensive trip at their own
expense to discharge a purely honor
ary function. One newspaper points
out that the expense of the hundred
German judges amounts to at least
$62,000. Other newspapers suggest
that the above outcome shows the
Germans acted too hastily in accept
ing the invitation to exhibit at St.
Louis.
His Escape.
ADGSHAKENT. Government of
Elizabethpol, July 18. — The assassin
ation ypsterday evening of Vice Gov
ernor AndrelfC of Elizabethpol oc
curred in a frequented thoroughfare.
The murderer, who fired six bullets
Into AndreifTs back, escaped. .
Andrieff lately had received many
threatening letters.- The murderer is
supposed to be an Armenian. A man
has been arrested on suspicion. ; V.
Assassin After Firing Six Bullets Into
Vice Governor's Back Effects
MURDERER OF ANDREIFF.
SUPPOSEDLY AN ARMENIAN
Young Italian Boys Meet Death by
LADS GO SWIMMING
•AND BOTHAKE LOST
Drowning In Calavcras River
Near Stockton.
STOCKTON. July 18.— Detroio
Monga, whose parents reside in San
Francfsco, and Elvi Delucchi, the son
of a local Italian, were drowned yes
terday afternoon while bathing in the
Calaveras River near Cherokee lane.
The boys, who were aged 8 and 10
years, went by themselves to the pool
and when they failed to return home
late in the afternoon a search was in
stituted. Their clothes that were
found on the bank told the story. One
body was recovered, but the remains
of the other were not raised till to-day.
Neither was a good swimmer.
THUGS IN BAKERSFIELD
HOLD UP SALOON MAN
!lobt>er« Address Their Victim Fa
miliarly and Relieve Him of
uablc Rinz.
BAKERSFIELD. July 18.— Al Arm
strong, a well-known saloon man of
this city, was held up about midnight
last night on Chester avenue, near
Thirty-second street, by three men
and relieved of a diamond ring val
ued jat $300. N*o trace of the robbers
'las been found, but they were evi
dently local men, as one of them ad
dressed him by name. He had noth
ing else of value with him.
Boston Paying Dearly for Meat.
BOSTON. July 18. — Another ad
vance went into effect to-day for al
most all grades of beef in consequence
of the continued strike of the Chicago
meat cutters. Dealers admitted that
prices were reaching the prohibitive
stage for many consumers.
BREAK OF 3IACHIXERY
RETARDS CABLE LAYING
Apparatus on the Ship Burnside Is
Disabled and the Alaska Work Is
Delayed.
SEATTLE, July 18. — Through the
breaking of the cable machine on the
United States cable ship Burnside the
work of laying the Alaska cable has
been temporarily delayed. On the
night of July 3, while off Dixons En
trance and during: a heavy windstorm,
the cable machine broke and the cable
parted- It was not again recovered
until July 12.
WILL HOLD IMPORTANT
MEETING IN KENTUCKY
southern Pacitic Shareholders Will
Vote To-Morrow on Question of
... I $ 1 00,000,000 Stock.
.LOUISVILLE, Ky.. v July 18.— A spe
cial meeting: of the stockholders of the
Southern Pacific Company will be held
"n Wednesday, in Beechmont. a suburb,
lo vote on the question of issuing $100 -
000,000 of preferred stock. The South
ern Pacific fs a Kentucky corporation
«nd all meetings are held in this State.
Narratives Given of Found
ers Who Built the Camp
on Shore- at Pacific Grove
Defendant Demurs to the
First Three Charges In
timating His Dishonesty
Acting Under Orders Sail
ors Drive Human Freight
Below and Vessel Is Saved
Disclosures Threaten to In
volve the Entire Rank
and File of Department
Visitors at the Camp Are
Numerous and Arch bishop
Montgomery Is Expected
MANY UNDER SUSPICION
PASSENCrERSCKOWDEAIL
MANY PARADES HELD
COUKT-MARTIAL OPENS
McCLISH SPEAKS
Four Allegations Are Made
Against Captain of Na
tional Guard Company
Mayor Stephens Orders In
vestigation of a Charge
That Men Are Corrupted
Interesting Exercises Held
in Observance^ of the
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary
Lack of Water Ballast Causes
a Chicago-Bound Steamer
to Take an Alarming List
League of the Cross Lads
Temper Kigbrs of Dis
cipline With Fun Making
JOLLY CADETS
IN HIGH GLEE
FRESNO POLICE
IN A SCANDAL
NEWELL FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
CHAUTAUQUANS
REMINISCENT
FIRE HOSE USED
TO QUELL PANIC
"GIANT GRIZZLY" WORRIES
THE EXPERTS IN FORESTRY
Authorities Differ as to tlie Best Method of Preserving
the Monarch of Big Trees, but There Is a Senti
ment Strongly in Favor of Allowing Nature Her Way
THE SAX .FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY .19. 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
We invite an early inspection of our un-
usually attractive display of
FALL CARPETS
We are not only showing all the staple pat-
terns and colorings in every make and
grade, but many striking novelties exclu-
• sively o,urs. We urge a critical comparison
of our prices and qualities.
Discontinued patterns at greatly reduced prices.
W.& J.^SLOAN E, & CO.
¦FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES-
114-122 POST SX.S.F.
LITTLE CAPTAIN OF .INDUSTRY. AT PLAY ML WITH NEXT,. SUNDAY'S CALLAutomobile Injures Physician.
OAKLAND, July 18.— Dr. William
Cope of Pleasanton was run down by
an automobile while he was driving
In a buggy yesterday afternoon near
Sunol. The physician was bruised and
cut. He saved himself from serious
injury by retaining control of his
horse. *
OAKLAND, July 18. — The Master
Plumbers' Association installed - the
followjng officers this evening: Presi
dent, George Stoddard; vice president,
Albert M. Poulson; secretary, Robert
Annia; treasurer, Edward H. Hall;
sergeant at arms, August Schrioor. . .
Master Plumbers Install Officers.
OAKLAND. July 18.— Mayor War
ren Olney left to-night for a ten days'
trip in the country. . r»- -V
Mayor oh Vacation.
BERKELEY. July 18. — The town of
Berkeley has begun suit against
Homer E. Osborn, as trustees for the
Langstroth heirs; the Maria Kip Or
phanage and the Children's Hospital
to condemn a piece of land belonging
to them in the Twltchell tract, 60x134
feet, which is needed for the opening
of Hearst avenue, from Louisa to
Grove streets.
Berkeley. Sues Landowners.
On April 18 he -left- Los Angeles for
San Diego. Two weeks later the house
at 1008 South Los Angeles street re
ceived from him a letter asking that
his mall be forwarded to San Diego.
He was not heard from again. . ; ,
LOS ANGELES, July 18.— Little of
a definite nature was known here of
Charles F. Hill. He came to Los
Angeles ten months ago and took a
room at 1008 South Los Angeles street.
There he remained, practically idle, for
seven months. He seemed to have
seme money and wore conspicuously a
large diamond. He described himself
as a druggist desirous of finding an
opening for the investment of a mod
erate capital. Hill was 48 years old.
Whether he was married or single Is
not known.
among Hill's effects to indicate that
he had contemplated suicide.
Mrs. Burrall made the. following
statement last night:
When Dr. Hill came to my house he asked
Tor a room and paid one month in advance
We »aw but little of him. as he left the place
at 7 o clock In the morning and returned at
« ir. the evening. He was a quiet, well-man
nervd man and an acceptable lodger. OutMde
of the fact that he told us he was a physician
we knew little of him. One week ago Monday
he said that he expected to leave Oakland
but was not in a position to do so. Me had all
his trunks strapped, and paid for one week
more. Last Tuesday nlcht he came home, re
mained during the night until Wednesday
morning. Since then he has not returned.
BERKELEY, July 18. — After a long
discussion to-night the Town Trustees
referred t!he matter of adjusting Town
Engineer C. L. Huggins' salary to a
committee composed of the Street
Committee of the board, Superintend
ent of Streets E. Q. Turner and Town
Attorney B. A. Hayne. Huggins has
been working under a fee schedule and
his gross income. runs from $10,000 to
$18,000 a year. The Trustees esti
mated that $305 a month would be a
fair salary, but Huggins contends that
his office expense Is' $285 a month,
which would leave him net only $20
a month if the Trustees' figures were
adopted.
GOLDEN GATE CAMP
INSTALLS OFFICERS
BERKELEY'S TRUSTEES
IN RETRENCHING MOOD
OAKLAND, July 18. — James Stry
ker of San Francisco was in the Police
Court to-day charged with the theft
of a horse and buggy from James Cor
ley, saloon-keeper. Twenty-eighth and
San Pablo avenue. An hour after
Corley reported the loss of the outfit
Sergeant of Police Lynch located it
and arrested Stryker, who had sold
the rig to Fred Fitch, 2429 Filbert
street, for $100. -Police interference
stopped the trade. Fitch did not
know the rig had been stolen.
Police Arrest Horsethlef.
ALAMKDA COUNTY PRIMARIES.—OAK
LAND. July IS.— The. date for the primaries
preceding the Ktneral election to be h«ld next
November were fixed at August it by the
Board of Sujwrvlsors to-day.
TRAIN INJURES UICYCLIST. — BERKE
LEY. July 18. — Joseph Bowie was struck by
the engine of a West Berkeley train while
crossing thj track on his bicycle ints morning.
He was hrrlwl ten or fifteen feet, but he did
not get so much as a broken bone.
MAY NOT FORECLOSE.— OAKLAND. July
lft. — Henry C. Gregory has been estopped from
foreclosing a mortgage upon the Gregory
House at Ontervllle until ft suit now pending
against him is decided. Benjamin K. Badger
bought th* hotel pome time ago, but has
brought suit -to annul the sale. Gregory had
begun foreclosure proceedings to recover 13000.
Marriage Lieenses.
OAKLAND, July 18. — The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank L.
Lathrop, over 21, and Lucile E. Pierce,
over IS, both of Berkeley; Richard
Armstrong, 24, Emeryville, and Mary
Daluthon, 20, Butte City; Beverly C.
Daly, 26, Alcatraz Island, and Frances
A. Graw, 21, Berkeley; Ray B. Felton.
25, and Carrie. M. Slaughter, 17, both
of Oakland; George E. -Porter, 21. and
Matilda Stickmeyer, 22, both of Oak
land; James G. Brady, over 21, San
Francisco, and Clara Wittman, over
18, Alameda; Tilden Matchette, ' 23,
and Pearly Atteberg, 19, both of Ala
meda. mei
OAKLAND BREVITIES
Mr. Gier says that • every one
acknowledges that the California ex
hibit is one of the finest on the
grounds arid that the combined dis
plays of Alameda and Contra Costa
counties are the most attractive of any
in the California building.
OAKLAND, July 18. — President
Theodore Gler of the Alameda County
World's ,Fair Commission has re
turned from St. Louis. He reports
that the Alameda County exhibit in
the Agricultural building is arousing
much Interest among Eastern visitors
to the exposition. Mr. Gier says the
display of fruit in the Alameda County
exhibit attracts much attention.
Theodore Gier, President of the Com
mission, Returns Home With
Flattering Report.
ALAMEDA COUNTY EXHIBIT
A FEATURE AT WORLD'S FAIR
"I found that there was some work
to be done on Feld's teeth." said the
doctor, "but nothing urgent. Never
theless he insisted that he was in
great pain. I found him in a nervous
condition."
During his trial Feld was noticeable
for his t-almness. He was the keenest
and most Interested person in the
courtroom, prompting his attorneys
and always alert to note material
points in his favor.
The tension caused by nerve control
in such cases has a strange way of
breaking out and would prove an in
teresting study for the psychologist.
Joseph Feld. ex-policeman, sen
tenced to be hanged for the murder
of his' father-in-law. Fritz Dirking,
which occurred on November 2, l'JO:j.
has developed a strange mania. He
longs to hear the buzz and feel the
file of the dentist. He imagines he H
suffering agony with his teeth and in
sists on having them put in condition.
Feld generated this ide,t on Satur
day morning, whereupon Dr. L. D.
Blondin of 111 Eddy street received a
hurry up call to go to the County Jail
and see Feld.
Suffering From Intense Nervous
Strain. He Imagines Ills Grind
ers Are Bad.
FELD SAYS HE IL\S NEED
OF EXPERT DENTAL SERVICES
Alexander and Rcsalla Mackle to M. P..
O'Brien, lot on S\ line of Enclnal avenue as
same now exists. 200 E~of Chestnut street. E
30 by S 140. portion lots 13 and 12. In W hair
Mock G. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
*10. ..... .
Mary E. Wilder (widow) (by F. A. Wilder,
attorney) to Elizabeth L. O'Connor, lot on 8
line of Alameda avenue. 1S3 E of Grand street,
E 45 by S 150, lot 2. block F. Oak Park, Ala
meda; $10. . '. . . ¦ "
Horatio and Susan M. McFarlin to Knud
Ncilsen. lots 11 and 11 V». amended map o!
Mosswood Tract. Oakland; $10.
Constance A. Meeks (single) and Blanche T.
Heath (widow) to Lillian McManus (wife of
Harry), lot on NE line of East Eleventh street.
150 SE of First avenue. SE 30 by NE 113,
block 27. Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Anna Knni-s to George M. Knnis (huybamli.
lots 1 to 6 and 11 to 34. block 40, tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; also E one-half of lot 1*.
block 75. tame. Berkeley; also lots 1 to 4, block
M. same. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $1.-
Same to saxr.e, all interest In lot on E line of
Tenth stre?t. 142.6 S of Allston way. S 40 by
E 135. lot 41, block. 120, Allston Tract. Berke
ley, quitclaim dsed; $10.
Jshanne «ind Peter Thorste.1 to Frank O.
and C. Au&usta Schullert?. lot on E line of
Brandon street. 32:t> N of Washington. N ::2:fi
by E 125. block 775, L?vy Tract, Brooklyn
Township;' $10. ,„,
Horace Scott Staton to Kllsabeth L.
O'Connor lot on SE corner of Sherman »treet
an.l Cllntcn avenue. S 50. E 150. N 50. W ISO.
portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract. Alameda;
Johanna Shanahan (single) to Adolph Heeker.
lot on N Un* of Railroad avenue. 22«:« W
from line dividing Aughlnbauph j2:»-aere from
Chlpman west 111-aoro tract. \\ 150 by N 150.
lot 12. mas of nertton Meets property. Ala
meda; $10. *¦ : •i"i*_.
Frank M. and Eleanor J. Davis to A. C.
Scott, lot on S line of Orant avenue or Thirty
seventh street. 166.5.S W of Gold. W &9.S6 by
S 115 portion lots 50 and 59'a. amended map
subdivision Mosswood Trait. Oakland: $10.
A. C. Scott (smKle) to E. M. Mekinscn, same,
Oakland; $10. V
Adolph and Mary Cavagna to Loui:» Giaca
mcttl beginning at SE corner of lot 30, oa
Telegraph avenue, blcck C. Vincent Peralta
Reservation Tract, thence N 15. NE ICO, SE
15. SW 100 to beginning, portion aforesaid lot
SO, Oakland; $700.
r>. T. and Nettle MacArthur to John Edward
Keyer lot on N line of Thirty-eighth street.
242 50 E of West. E 26.50 by N 145. lot 21,
block C. Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alex Murdock (single) to Alex Murdcck &
Co. (a corporation), lot beginning ' at point
distant E 256.13 from NE corner of Thirty
eighth and Market streets thence N at right
angles to Thirty-eighth. 139.8 to point of be
ginning, thence- from beginning N 130.6 by W
50, portion plat 37, Kellersherger's map.
Ranches V. and D. Peralta. Oakland: $10.
Same to Mary L. Marehali. lot on W lire
of Linden street, 100 S of Twenty-eighth, S
29:2 by W 132, block 0o2. same map, quit
claim deed. Oakland: $ .
Michael OConnell to Jane O'Connell (wife),
lot on S lin* of Laurel street. 350 — from
West Grove. S 75 by W 25 b_>ing E half r{
lot 8. block N. Kelsey Tract. Oakland; gift.
Sophie and Adolph Kobelt to Izabel A. Gon
ealves, lot on SW line of East Slxtrenth
street, 75 SE of Sixteenth avenuV. SE 25 by
SW 45. lot 21, block 29 San Antonio, Eaat
Oakland; $10.
Carolina or Caroline and Jerome Quinters to
Hattie M. Albrecht (wife of Paul K.). lot
on N line of Cameron street, 125 E of Winter.
E 05 by N SO. portion of lot 11, Cameron
Tract. Brooklyn. East Oanlaml: $10.
C. D. and Grace L. Vincent to G. Wempe.
lot 21*. block L, Central Land Company's
Trait. Oakland; $10.
John G. Agar'et al«. to William H. and
Annie McDonald, lot on E line of Market
street. 40 N of Thirty-first. X 40 by E 11.".
lot 24, block 2XJ8. Official Map. Oakland; $10.
J. L. and Clara F. da Ucsa to Henrietta A.
Marshall, all Interest in lot on W line of Ltn
den street. 12l»:2 S of Twenty-eighth. S ;:7:S
by W 1X1, block 652. map of survey of North
ern Extension, quitclaim deed, Oakland; ? .
MONDAY, JULY 1<
Ahimedii County.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alaireda SU.IST. 4T. Alvarado $S9S 49, Alvlso
52T1 4s. Arro>o Val'e ?<:{ 19, Bray J1517 82,
Berkeley S15.C16 27. Castro Valley $351 t?J,
Ccr.tervill- fjOO 82. Decoto *SCS 27. Eden Vale
t r l2 S3, Eimhuret J111O 60. Emeryville J10K5 81'
Bureka *2Vi »;O. Fruitval* $42»X 15 Green
*74 O4. Hays *117 23. Highland *37 02, Inde
pendent $:e>7 01. lnman t~i O», Laeost* $49 J6
Laurel ?3H5 S5, Lincoln *t>l 70. Livermore
J22A'S C4, Lockwood $1221 ««, May $10* SI),
Melrose $S.!2 95. Midway $35 M, MiMion San
Jose fi'io OS. Mocho £»7 02, Mount House
$19 36, Mowry't Landing $98 72. Murray
S302 3.:. Newark fC29 34, Nlles $777 42. Oak
land J43.7IS 71. Olinda $55 53. Palomares
$131 27. I'Ua -amen *157:l 83. lledwood $123 40
Hosedale $4» 3«. Kugtell $232 97, San Lorenzo
*1147 02, Stony Erook *3S 72. Summit $191 27,
Sh-ridan $5." 53. Sunol Glen $228 20. Tesla
$259 14. Townsend $185 10. Union $223M 71.
Vallecitos $215 85. VIMa $37 02, Valle VisU
$10« .-,», Warm Springs $370 20. Washington
¥566 15.
OAKLAND, July 18. — The semi-an
nual apportionment of State school
moneys amounting to $109,511 33 was
made to-day by County Superintend
ent of Schools T. O. Crawford to the
various districts in the county, as fol
lows:
County Superintendent T. O. Crawford
Makes a Scmi-Annual Division
of Moneys.
STATE SCHOOL FUNDS ARE*
APPORTIONED TO DISTRICTS
Professor Svante Arrhcnlus was .the guect
of honor at a banquet given Saturday evening
in Scandla Hall. San Francisco. Dr. Freder
ick Westerberg acted as toastmaster, an'I
among those who responded to toasts wer*
Alexander Olson, the Rev. S. A. Nelander and
Professor P. E. Olsson-Seffer of Stanford Uni
versity.
BERKELEY. July IS.— President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University, accom
panied by several Stanford faculty members,
among whom were Professor Gilbert of the
zoological department and Professor Franklin
of the chemistry department, visited the uni
versity. to-day and Inspected the various de
partments. They met Professors Arrhenlua of
Sweden and De Vrles of Amsterdam in the
morning and were entertained this afternoon
at the Faculty Club, leaving for the return to
Stanford this evening.
The California and Stanford varsity foot
ball elevens are likely to secure some prelimi
nary games with the eleven of the University
of Oregon thlg year.
ALAMEDA, July 18. — According to
the annual report of Fire Chief F. K.
Krauth, filed to-night with the City
Trustees, the expenses of his depart
ment for the twelve months ending
June 30 were ?21.7o8 81. The total
loss from fire during the same period
was $5992. Chief Krauth asserts in his
report that the day water pressure in
the local mains is not strong enough to
enable his department to properly cope
with an extensive blaze.
Alameda Fire Chief's Rej>ort.
UNIVERS1 1 Y EVENTS
BERKELEY. July 18— Friends of H F
Bowers tendered him a party last Saturday
evening at hin home on Addlson street. A
programme of music and song served to de
light th« guests, and afterward there was
dancing and refreshments. The Misses Camp
bell Bang a duet, Ml?« Edith Bowers cave a
character recitation. W. A. Bowers enter
tained with character songs and the Misses
Brown recited. The guests were Mr and Mra
W. E. Barry. Mrs. Mary Tupper. Thad Tup
per. George K. Campbell. Mrs. Campbell the
Misses Carrie, Ruth. Ernest and Francis
Campbell. Fred P. Bowers. Mrs. Susan A.
Llbbey, Mrs. Lucy Brown. Mr. and Mrs. James
Clark, Mr«. Addle Bowers, Mies Blanche Bow
ers, Mr. and Mrs. Leverlte .Bowers. Mra.
Edith Bowers. Miss Fannie Bowers Mr and
Mrs. Morton A. G. Smith. Mrs. E. F. Barn-
Mrs. C. E. Hoar. MIhs Ethel Clark. Mr. and
Mrs. J. I. Bowers, Howard Bowers. Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Badger. Mr. and Mm. Fred Man.
nlng. the Missrs Grace and Mabel Brown.
Mrs. Herbert Ga*kill will visit the Harry
P. Carltong at Ben Lomond for a. week or so.
Mifs Josephine Johnson is the guest of
Mr*. Orestes Pierce at Lake Tahoe.
Mrs. William High and her little family are
etlll In Brookdale. where Mr. High has pur
chased a eummer home.
That wa« a jolly studio affair given by
Kusene Blanchart Saturday evening for three
young ladles. Misses Hazel and Myrtle Wood
of Piedmont and Miss Dutton of Berkeley.
The party was chaperoned by Mrs. Charles
Carter of Berkeley. A delightful nttle dinner
was served and later an Impromptu musicale
added to the pleasure of an altogether en-
Jojnble evening. Mr. Blanchard's Ruests were
Mu»r Hazel Wood, Miss Myrtle Wood, Miss
riuma Dutton. Dr. Fred K. On\.e, .»,,....
Smith and Charlen Dutton.
Miss J>;reua Hanley, the youne Savannah
girl who I3 visiting Miss Thomson, is enjoy
ing a real California reception and is being
feted enough to suit the heart qX- any pleas
ure-loving maid. She has been the motif for
Innumerable Informal affair*, including the
Carlton Cranes and the Downey Harveys, and
to-morrow Mrs. Melvin C. Chapman is giving
a luncheon for her. Wednesday Mra. George
K. Perkins will entertain Miss Hanley and a
small party.
OAKLAND, July 18.— George Edgar Jack
son, the attorney,. Is very bugy rehearsing a
guod flsh story these daya — a true one at that.
At least the flsh ts-as a "really, truly" flsh,
but members of the Nile Club are sniffing
auspiciously at Mr. Jackson's version of the
story. lijr. F. F. Jackson, George's brother,
lg trolling Lake Tahoe . and was fortunate
enough to land a twelve-pound opeckled beauty
a- day or two ago. As nothing Is too jood
for the Nile Club Dr. Jackson forwarded the
hih. which, by the way, is said to be the
largest trout ever caught In the lake, to the
c'.ub with a letter conveying his compliments.
Th- trout and the letter Uld not arrive at the
fame time, however, the flsh. addressed to
George Jackson, belns first on the. scene.
Now George Is devoting considerable ttm«
and energy explaining how he thought that
twelve-pounder was Intended. for his epicurean
palate alone and If you want to see a Nile
Club man b come positively "scaly" ask htm
Rbw he enjoyed the Jackson trojit.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
NILE CLUB LOSES
Miss Barrall, over whose small head
twenty-seven years have passed, is not
only interesting in her own diminutive
personality, but is a member of a well
known East Oakland family, being a
niece of Dr. C. G. R. Moutoux and also
of Mrs. Alexander Anderson, who
claims the unique honor of being the
only woman ever married on a war
ship in San Francisco Bay. Her mar
riage to Mr. Anderson on board the
Pensacola five years ago was an elab
orate affair, and conducted with all
the pomp and glory which guns, flags,
uniforms and a military band can give
to such an event.
Miss Barrall's father served as a
German officer during the Franco-
Prussian war. She has inherited the
vitality of her German ancestors and
has always enjoyed excellent health,
although it was some time before she
outgrew the pint cup, into which she
could be placed at her birth. She was
educated in Sari Francisco and speaks
and roads German as well as English.
Her debut will be made with the Ger
man Lilliputian Company, now in St.
Louis, which those clever midgets,
Franz. Ebert and Otto Zink, made fa
mous years ago.
OAKLAND. July IS.— The smallest
California woman on the stage, is the
distinction that must hereafter be ac
corded Miss Marie Barrall of East Oak
land. Barely four feet high, this tal
ented little lady will make her debut
shortly in St. Louis, for which place
she will leave in a few days. She has
a trim, graceful little figure and is
pretty as well as petite, her violet blue
eyes, shaded peculiarly with very long,
black lashes, lighting up her face ex
pressively whenever she talks. Miss
Barrall reads unusually well, and alto
gether the tiny Callfornian has much
in her favor and her friends and rela
tives here are sanguine of her instant
success.
Little Marie Barrall
Goes East as a
Lilliput.
. ALAMKDA, July 18.— City Trustee
Charles J. Hammond to-night intro
duced an ordinance increasing the pay
of policemen, firemen and employes of
the municipal electric light and street
department?. If the ordinance is passed
It will increase the next tax levy, to be
fixed in . October, by 4 cents on each
$100 of assessed valuation.
President J. F. Forderer of the City
Trustees was appointed to represent
Alameda in the conference to be held
by representatives of San Francisco
and Oakland to further the project of
bringing water from the Sierra Ne
vadas to the bay cities. City Attorney
M. W. Simpson reported that the local
business license was valid and the
Chief of Police was instructed to en
force it.
Alameda Trustees Considering? Ordi
nance for Increasing Salaries of
Police and Fire Employes.
OAKLAND, July 18. — Mrs. Eva
Turnbull, who escaped from the police
in March by sliding down a water pipe
from her room at the Windsor Hotel,
has been arrested by Policeman Me-
Sorley on a charge of larceny. The
complainant is E. Derosa, 845 Harri
son street, who says the woman stole
jewelry from him. When policeman
Murray and Sill tried to serve the
warrant five months ago they were
bidden to wait in a hallway until Mrs.
Turnbull had completed her toilet.
The patrolmen wearied after a long
delay and entered the room. They
found no occupant. Mrs. Turnbull
had climbed out of a window, let her
self down the water pipe and had dis
appeared. Policeman McSorley saw
the woman on the street to-day and
sent her to the Citv Prison.
Mrs. Eva 'Turnbull, AVho Eluded Po
lice by Sliding Down Water Pipe
From Room, Arrested.
MUNICIPAL ATTACHES
. MAY GET LARGER PAY
WOMAN CAUGHT AFTER
X MONTHS OF FREEDOM
Owing to the absence o' a number of
the members of the City Council, the
necessary eight members were not
present and nothing could be done to
ward taking steps to call a bond elec
tion. A quorum of the Council was
present.
"By the five-block provision" of the
statutes my people could use the Oak
land Transit Consolidated lines from
Fourteenth street to the water front.
There are, however, more cars . on
Broadway now than . it can well ac
commodate and the extra cars of our
line would crowd the street. In order
to avoid this the Oakland Transit Con
solidated made the proposition that iC
we would abandon our franchise over
the blocks from Fourteenth street to
the water front they would transfer
our passengers over all their lines. Thia
we have agred to."
The new railway is intended to play
an important part in the proposed de
velopment of a new part of the city.
If the proposed bond election carries
the Sather tract will be purchased for
a park site and this new road extended
out will tap that entire section. The
Adams people have agreed to build a
boulevard 110 feet in width across
Adams Point and a large section of the
city will thus be brought into touch for
a few minutes' r!de.
By the permission of the City Coun
cil the 'corkscrew" franchise running
through the heart of the city was
abandoned this evening by the Web
ster Street and Park Railway Com
pany. In consideration of the aban
donment of this franchise, the Oak
land Transit Consolidated has agreed
to transfer passengers from the Park
Railway to all of its lines. This agree
ment was reached between the two
lines in order to relieve the congestion
the cars would cause on Broadway, if
both lines operated upon this street.
Attorney George W. Reed, represent
ing' the Webster Street and Park Rail
way, said this evening:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July IS.
NO HINTS OF SUICIDE.
The property of the deceased physi
cian remains at his. lodgings on Six
it enth street and nothing was found
There was a slight singeing of the
hair, but th«»re were no powder burns,
having it probable that the pistol was
held pome distance from the body
vhen fired. The circumstance also that
the body was covered with freshly
cut twigs excites the authorities to sus
picion, but what will result from it all
can only be told by the action of the
Sheriff's office. The body was discov
ered outside the city limits and the
Chief of Police of this city cannot as
sume charge of the matter.
One point strongly in favor of the
murder theory is the fact that the pis
tol has not been found. Under Sheriff
Hanilin and Dr. O. D. Hamlin caused
the creek in which the body was found
to be drained to-day, but found no
trace of a weapon. If the case is one
cf suicide the %yeapon may rc?t in the
deep undergrowth nearby, but this is
improbable. Death must have been in
etantaneous.
One week ago yesterday Dr.
Hill informed Mrs. Burrall that
he could not depart on the date he
had stated and paid his rent until to
day. He was seen to return home last
Tuesday evpnirig and to take his de
parture on Wednesday morning. After
that time, and until his body was iden
tified, nothing was s=een of him.
There is much conjecture as to the
cause of death. The physicians who
performed the autopsy are positive
tile man could not have shot himself,
Blb the bullet passed in at the base
of the skull -and lodged in the center
of the frontal bone. The theory of
murder is aiso sustained by the fact
that the hat of the deceased was found
some distance from the spot vihcre his
body lay. and that the body was cov
ered with twigs that had been but re
cently cut from trees in the vicinity.
On an embankment six feet high and
shove the body were marks as of the
dragging of some object. It remains
for the investigation now started to
prove whether the physician was
dragged over this embankment after
being the victim of murder, or whether
his body toppled into the gully in the
«-vent that he committed suicide.
XO PISTOL FOUND.
Hill went to Mrs. Burrall's house and
rented a room for one month and at
the expiration of that time expressed
his desire to depart from Oakland. He
was a man of quiet disposition, de
parting from his room about 7 o'clock
in the morning and returning home
about 6 in the evening. He seldom spoke
to any one. and had few visitors. His
occupation was given as that of an
osteopath phypician and little atten
tion was paid to his affairs.
PAID RENT AHEAD.
The body recovered from the Pied
mont hills Saturday night was to-day
identified as that of Dr. Charles F. Hill
of Los Angeles.
The identification was made by Mrs.
M. L. Burrall of 614 Sixteenth street,
but the mystery of the death is un
solved- Theories of murder and of
suicide prevail.
The investigation has been under
taken by the Sheriff of Alameda Coun
ty, and Under Sheriff J. J. Hanifin Jr.
has been placed in charge. To-day he
made a complete search of the desolate
location where the body was found.
Marks on the bill side as if a body
might have been dragged down were
discovered.
Mrs. Burrall says she recognized the
picture of the deceased in the morn
ing i>apers and that she immediately
visited the Morgue, where she identified
the body. She says there is no doubt
that the man who was found in
the creek at the base of the Piedmont
hills is her late lodger. Dr. Charles
V. Hill, who came here six weeks ago
Becking a location, but whose quest
was unsuccessful.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 18. .
Corporations Reach Agree
ment in Order to Relieve
the Congestion of Traffic
CITY COUNCIL CONCURS
? ¦
"Corkscrew" Franchise -Is
Abandoned by Webster
Street and Park Railway
Conflicting Theories of "Mur
der and Suicide Prevail.
With Many Facts That
Suggest Case of Foul Play
In order to stop the spread of glan
ders in the Niles and Centerville dis
tricts the Board of Supervisors to-day
adopted a resolution giving Supervisor
Horner the power to employ three ex
perts and destroy nil horses found af
fected with the disease. From inves
tigation already made it has been dis
covered that a number of 'horses in
the district are in an advanced stage
of the disease and it is believed that
with others the malady is in a state
of incubation.
A telegram. received from State Vet
erinary "Blemmer by the District At
torney ordering all horses found in
fected with the disease, to be destroy-,
ed was referred to the Board of Su
pervisors and it was upon this tele
gram that action was taken. Under
the law the Supervisors have this
power. Seven horses are now in quar
antine and it is expected trmt in the
investigation to be made many others
will be found.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 18.
Elbel's story reveals that his own
carelessness is responsible for the boy's
death. Against the wishes of the boy's
mother Elbel took him into the hills
back of Berkeley to shoot squirrels and
while both were looking down a squir
rel hole waiting for the animal to come
out the shotgun Elbel carried was dis
charged. Young Whitaker received the
full charge in the abdomen and was
literally torn to pieces.
In SDite of his wounds, however,' the
boy retained consciousness and walked
across a ravine until he reached a
road. There he lay until Elbel secured
a stretcher, upon which he was first
carried home and then to Fabiola Hos
pital, where he died at midnight while
being operated on.
There will be no prosecution of Wil
liam Elbel for the shooting of his
cousin, John Howard Whitaker, in the
Berkeley hills last night because the
police authorities are satisfied that it
was purely an accident. Coroner Mehr
mann will hold an inquest to-morrow
in Oakland, when Elbel will again give
his account of the tragedy.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
1 2148 Center Street, July 18.
The change means an abandonment
of the position taken last year by
Assessor Dalton when he raised the
assessment of the water company sev
eral millions of dollars. The total
assessment of the county cannot be
obtained. The work is incomplete and
while the pages of the books are
footed, the totals have not been added,
and there is no index to the work.
All the taxes of the Contra Costa
Water Company were protested under
the increased assessment last year and
the matter is now in the courts.
It was upon these increases that C.
S. MacMullan claimed commissions
from the county for $20,000 and now
has a suit pending in the courts for
the collection of this amount. He al
leges that the Supervisors agreed to
allow him half the taxes upon undis
covered property in the county. Upon
the increase of these millions MacMul
lan lays claim to half of the taxes,
while as yet the taxes have never been
paid.
Last year the water in Lake Chabot
was assessed in two equal parts to
Brooklyn and Eden townships at
$450,000 to each township. This year
the assessment is but $100 for each
half. The water in Lake Temescal,
assessed last year for {45,000, is now
assessed at $100, The assessment of
franchises of the water company has
also been put at a nominal figure.
Last year the franchise in Alameda
County was assessed at $75,000; in
Oakland, $300,000; in Brooklyn Town
ship, $100,000; in Berkeley, $75,000; in
Oakland Township, $250,000; in Eden
Township, $75,000; in Washington
Township, $75,000. This year these
assessments have all been reduced to
small sums.
The Contra Costa Water Company is
a big winner by the assessment placed
upon its water and franchises this
year by Henry P. Dalton. According
to the rolls turned over to the Board
of Supervisors to-day, water, which
last year was assessed at $94 5,000 is
assessed at $300. The assessment rolls
were surrendered by Assessor Dalton
at noon to-day to the Board of Super
visors, sitting as a Board of Equali
zation. They are in a very incomplete
condition, but from an examination of
different volumes the assessment of
franchises was found to be merely
nominal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 18.
The first exercises of the new in
stitution will take place on August 16.,
and the school will continue in opera
tion until December 22, when it will
close for the regular Christmas vaca
tion, which lasts until January 9.
The first school year will end May 10,
1905. The full course of instruction
will be three years for university grad
uates and four years for others.
For the present the institution will
be under the direct control of the
American Unitarian Association. The
work will be so arranged that students
so desiring will be enabled to do a
considerable part of their work at the
University of California.
Through the generosity of Mr. and
Mrs. Francis Cutting of Oakland and
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Davis of San
Francisco, all of whom are well
known members of the Unitarian
church, a school for the training of
students for the Unitarian ministry
will be opened in the parish house of
the First Unitarian Church of this city
on August 12. The Rev. Earl Morse
Wilbur of the Unitarian Theological
College of Meadville, Pa., has been
appointed dean of the new school, and
he will be assisted in the work of in
struction by several well-known min
isters of this city.
While the new institution will be
under the patronage of the Unitarian
church and is intended primarily for
the instruction of students desiring to
enter the Unitarian ministry, its
founders do not intend that it shall
be a sectarian school, and its direct
end will be to prepare deserving stu
dents of every denomination for effi
cient work in the ministry. Xo tuition
fee will be charged.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 18.
WILL TRANSFER
TO ALL LINES
While Waiting for Squir
rel to Come Out of Hole
Shotgun- Is Discharged
Resolution Gives Authority
to F. W. Horner, a Member,
to Employ Three Experts
Total Val nation Cannot Yet
Be Determined, as the
Footings Are Not Complete
Well Known Clergyman of
Oakland Will* Assist in
the Work of Instruction
HORSES TO BE KILLED
REViEXWILBUR IS DEAN
PICTURE RECOGNIZED
BY 3IRS. M. L. BURRALL
Body Found in Lonely Spot
Is Identified as That of
Dr. Charles F. Hill, a
Los Angeles Osteopath
CORONER TO HEAR STORY
ROLLS ARE TURNED OVER
William Elbel Satisfies Po
lice That He Shot His
Cousin Without Intent
Board of Supervisors Takes
Action Aiming to Stay
Spread of the Disease
Franchise and Water, Which
Were Assessed at Millions,
Now Get Nominal Values
Unitarians Establish New
Institution for Training
of Theological Students
PIEDMONT'S
SECRET IS
PARTLY OUT
WILL GRAPPLE
WITH GLANDERS
FIND SHOOTING
WAS ACCIDENTAL
CONTRA COSTA
A BIG WINNER
SCHOOL OPENS
NEXT MONTH
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 190*.
WEE ACTRESS
WILL MAKE
HER DEBUT
MISS MARIE BAimELX. OF OAK
LAND. WHO IS GOING ON THE
STAGE.
A cloudy religion brings no. rain.
Joseph Lefwich, 15 years old. was ar
rested yesterday by Detective Silvey
and Officer Hutton of the Juvenile
Court. He, is wanted for a - number of
petty theft3 committed, oh merchants
in the section of the city south of : Ma'r
ket street. His name was entered on
the detinue took and he 'was trans
ferred to the Juvenile ward at the
Emergency Hospital. Lefwich is one
of a gang of small boys who have been
responsible for many larcenies com
mitted of late In stores south of Mar
ket street.
Boy. Thief Arrested.
More than 1700 persons . assembled
in Native Sons' Hall last night to wit
ness the installation of the officers of
Golden Gate Camp, Woodmen of the
World, and to be entertained with a
vaudeville programme and a ball. The
following was the programme of the
evening: Overture, Hyman's orches
tra; welcome. Neighbor J. Wisnom;
recitation. Mrs. W. B. Herndon; instal
lation of officers by Past Consul Com
mander William Carr, assisted by Past
Consul Commander E. S. Isaacs ns
head escort; quartet; German comedi
ans, Carroll and Davis? address,
Neighbor W. C. Krum, general organ
izer. Woodmen of the World; quartet.
The officers installed are; Past con
sul commander, William Carr; con
sul commander, "W. D. Ferguson; ad
visor lieutenant, Dr. J. J. Keefe; bank
er. T. P. Quinlan; clerk. J. T. O'Don
nell; assistant clerk, J. Wlsnom; es
cort, J. J. Donahue; watchman, B. P.
Jennings; sentry) D. Brown; board of
managers, William Spier (chairman),
N. P. Smith, R. P. Hooe.
The reports showed that the pres
ent membership of the camp is 1853.
, J. Wisnom, J. W. Staneart. P. C. C;
A. F. Phreaner and B. F. Wise were
the committee that arranged this af
fair. B. p. Jennings was the floor man
ager and.J..j.,x>onahu<s his assistant.
6
AI> VERTJSKM ENTS.
lFfHE~S«MM¥
During the summer months
some member of the family is sure
to suffer from Cramps, Bowel
Complaint or Diarrhoea. - Always
keep a bottle of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters in the house for such
cases. A dose at the first symp-
tom will afford prompt relief.
Then it also cures Headache,
Belching, Poor Appetite, Nausea,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia and Ma-
laria. Try one bottle. The gen-
uine has our Private Stamp over
the neck.
HOSTETTER'S '
STOMACH BITTERS
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL ES T
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKI/A>T>. i
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMJvDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISES! ENTS.
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth receive
the
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early ajre. it will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosenlns. etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etci. is dona
in a highly skillful manner.
Teeth RegruUted.^5 Bone TiEUar*. 2So
Gold rillinffs S1.00 Silver riUlars. 50o
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TATZ.OB ST.. SAN TXAKCXSCO.
973 Wufclarton St.. O&kteaO.
Bma Jove. .... . . S*cnunnW,CONVICTED OF ASSAULT TO ROB.—Wil
liam McLaughlln was tried before a Jury in
Judge Dunne's court* yesterday on a charge
of robbery and was "convicted of assault to -rob.*
He will be sentenced on Saturday. . On April
19 he held up Bhrenford It. * Schmidt on Kins
street and stole 53 cents from him
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The in
sular bureau of the War Department
to-day issued a circular invitink pro
posals for. the sale of $3,000,000 of
Philippine 4 per* cent one-year bonds.
The bids will be received until 2.30
p. m., August TV the proceeds to be
applied to the retirement of s the out
standing $3,000,000 of Philippine
bonds. . "
Insular Bureau of War Department
Asks Bids on $3,000,000 4 Per
Cent Bonds.
PHILIPPINE SECURITIES
FOR SALE AT WASHINGTON
The world is a fearfully noisy place
for the man who is waiting for a
chance to blow his own horn.
In an effort to quiet title to property
it Is sometimes necessary to dig into
the musty records of ages, but it is
eeldom that a proceeding is com
menced like the one filed yesterday In
the Probate Department of the Su
perior Court. Andrew M. Davis con
tests the application of B. P. Oliver
for letters of administration upon the
estate of Thomas E. Cheevers, who
died in Boise County, Idaho (then a
Territory), prior to May 21, 1867.
On the date mentioned Cheevers*
will was admitted to probate in Idaho.
On July 10 of the same year letters of
administration on his estate in San
Francisco were issued to P. J. White.
The property on Folsom street, near
?ixth, was duly sold to John Burke.
Under the succeeding titles Davis traces
his transfer, but wants the original
estate set right.
A. 31. Davis Contests Letters of Ad
ministration of the Kstate of Man
Who Died in 1867.
HE GOES BACK NEARLY
FORTY YEARS FOR TITLE
WASHINGTON, July 18. — The fol
lowing named officers are detailed to
act as umpires during the field man
euvers in the Department of Califor
nia and will report not later than Aug
ust 1 to Major General MacArthur,
commanding the Pacific Division sX
San Francisco: Major Samuel E. Al
len, artillery corps; Captain Charles
H. McKinstry, engineers; Captain
Henry D. Styer, Thirteenth Infantry;
Captain William W. Harts, engineers;
Captain Samuel D. Sturgis, artillery
corps; Captain Briant H. Wells, Twen
ty-ninth Infantry- First Lieutenant
Gordon Johnston/ signal * corps, upon
completion of the army maneuvers at
Manassas, Va., will proceed to Beni
cia Barracks, in command of detach
ment of signal corps men to be ordered
to the latter post en route to the Phil
ippines.
Navy orders — Commander C. B.
Ransom, detached from the navy yard
at Portsmouth, N. H., to the navy yard
at Mare Island, August 6. Command
er A. F. Dixon, detached from the
navy yard at Mare Island to the bu
reau of steam engineering. Navy De
partment, Washington, D. C.
Army Officers Detailed as Umpires of
Field Maneuvers Must Report
Here by August 1.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, July IS.— Of the half
score injured in the tornado which de
\astated the Quaker settlement near
Chappaqua, X. Y., Saturday night all
are now expected to recover except
two. They are Mrs. Anna Washburn.
whose mother, Mrs. Mary Hibbs of
Philadelphia, was crushed to death in
the ruins of the Washburn home, and
Charles Dodfe, who was caught un
der the branches of a falling tree.
A search of the neighborhood shows
that the storm created great havoc
during the few minutes which it raged.
In the tree tops for more than a mile
around clothing of all descriptions was
found. A carpet which had been on
the floor of a house which .was destroy
ed was ripped up and carried' more
than a mile up the side of the moun
tain. There it was deposited in the
top of a tree almost intact. Many
< urious effects noted In Western tor
nadoes were observed.
Many People Injured in Windstorm of
Terrific Violence Which Sweeps
Over Cliappaqua, N". Y-
TORVADO DEVASTATES
QUAKER SETTLEMENT
Isabel Otis Bigelow, widow of Sam
uel C. Bigelow, who was president of
the Savings and Loan Society, yester
day secured an order from Judge
Troutt for a family allowance of $750
a month from the estate. Bigelow
died on January 7 and his will was ad
mitted to probate on February 2, at
which time the widow obtained an al
lowance of $1000 a month pending the
filing of the inventory of the estate.
The inventory was brought to the
court on May 26, showing the estate
to be worth $343,228, but under the
wording of the first allowance Mrs.
Bigelow has received nothing since
the inventory was filed. Therefore the
order of yesterday was necessary.
The chief items in the inventory of
Bigelow's estate were: Interest in the
Standard Electric Company, $74,189;
stock in the Oakland Bank of Savings,
$46,750, and shares in, the Gas Con
sumers' Association, $40,000.
Court Orders Payment of $750 a
Month to Isabel O. Biselow.
Estate Not Settled.
BANK PRESIDENT'S WIDOW
OBTAINS BIG ALLOWANCE
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday adopted a resolution calling
on certain city officials to furnish new
bonds, aa those now on file are irregu
lar. Those who must give new bonds
include Fire Commissioner Parry.
$10,000; Police Commissioner H. W.
Hutton. $5000: Commissioner of Public
Works M. J. Casey, $25,000. They pro
vided bonds of the Empire State
Surety Company, which Insurance
Commissioner Wolf reported had with
drawn from the State of California.
Poundkeeper Irwln is also guaranteed
by the company, but the committee
does not recognize him as such and
took no action in his case.
The Union Surety Company, which
is now In the hands of a receiver and
whose certificate to do business was
revoked by the Insurance Commis
sioner, was on the bonds of Supervis
ors Bent and Finn, who must on that
account furnish new security.
The fact that certain employes had
furnished bonds running' in favor of
the city instead of the em
ploying boards was held by • the
City Attorney to be sufficient, .as the
boards themselves are responsible
under their personal bonds.
Property Clerk Dinen must furnish
a new bond, as his three personal sure
ties have not Qualified for $10,000 each,
the full amount of his bond.
\ Chairman Brandenstein suggested to
the committee that a charter amend
ment be^ submitted to the people pro
viding that the age limit of eligibles for
appointment on the police force be fixed
at 25 years instead of 21. Chief of Po
lice Wittman thought the latter age is
too young for efficient service. No
action was taken on Brandenstein's
suggestion.
The committee accepted the state
ment of the United Railroads provid
ing for the payment to the city of $21,
649 56 as percentage on receipts ag
gregating $1,046,776 35.
The City Engineer was requested to
prepare plans for adding bronze lamps
to the safety station at Powell and
Market streets Bhould funds be avail
able for the purpose.
The petition of W. S. Harper for a
lease to a block on the ocean beach for
bathing purposes was denied and the
petitioner was referred the Park
Commission.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
received a report from Supervisor
D'Ancona taking the Health Board to
task for violating certain specific di
rections of the' budget in the salary
roll of the central office of the Health
Department relating to the selection
of subordinates from the civil service
eligible lists. • The report also charges
the Health Board with exceeding its
salary allowances, as fixed by the
budget. The report follows:
The present salary roll of the central office
of the Board of Health violates the specific
directions of the budget as follows:
Budget allowance for executive office, $2400;
allowance as per salary roll, Board of Health,
$52S0.
Budget allowance — Chemists, laboratories,
bacteriologists, toxicologists and helpers, in
cluding expert testimony. $5700; allowance as
per salary roll of Board of Health, $10,140.
Of th« allowance for food inspection by
civil seivlce appointees $9060 has been diverted
to pay the salaries of non-civil service ap
pointees in the executive office and newly
created positions of laboratory assistants.
The civil »ervlc« suffers as much from the
actions of the Board of Health relating to
the salary roll of this fiscal year as from
the resolutions of January 8, 1904.
The attention of the Auditor should be called
to these violations of the restrictions Imposed
by the budget and he should be requested and
directed:
1. Not to audit any salary demand in the
executive office (the present designation being
health officer and deputy health officer) In ex
cess of $ < J400.
2. Not to audit salaries of F. G. Canney,
bacteriologist: A. C. Bothe, chemist and su
perintendent food department: H. C. Costa, as
sistant diemlBt; K. G. Kendall, chemist's
helper: A. S. Adler and F. J. Tlllman. labora
tory medical assistants (now aggregating $10,
140) in excess of the budget allowance of $5700.
3. Not to audit the salaries of W. J. Walsh,
J. B. Hannah. Inspecting physicians; H. B.
Miller, B. M. Hinkle, factory and workshop In
spectors, as these positions should be filled by
appointees from the eligible list of assistant
sanitary inspectors, the allowance in the budget
for inspection of factories, workshops, etc.,
having been made solely for sanitary inspec
tion by appointees from the eligible lists.
Mayor Schmitz objected to the im
mediate approval of the Finance Com
mittee's report, as requested by D'An
coaa, before the Health Board had
been heard regarding the charges con
tained therein. D'Ancona consented to
postponing consideration of the report
for one week.
OX JULY 24
There Will Begin In The Sunday
Call Magazine
A new series of the famous Mr. Dooley
articles. Flnley Peter Dnnne. the
creator of Mr. Dooley, is under an ex
clusive contract with McClure's, and
The Call, In the face of keenest bid
dJiu» on the part of other large news
papers on the coast, has secured the
sole right to publish these articles
north of Los Angeles.
Imprisoned Miners Rescued.
OROVIL.E, July 18. — Word was re
ceived here this afternoon by tele
phone from the Belle View mine, near
Laporte, that the four men caught in
the burning mine yesterday -were res
cued shortly before midnight.
CHARGED WITH DOUBLE MURDER.—Au
gust Geber was booked at the City Prison yes
terday' morning on the second charge of mur
der. He shot and killed Charles Hartmann on
Sunday, July 10. at 321 Third street- and
wounded his brother, George Hartmann, who
died from lockjaw at McXutfs Hospital last
Sunday.
The two other charter amendments
provide for an increase in the salaries
of lieutenants in the Fire Department
from $100 to $110 per month, of hos
tlers from $60 to $75 and of guards in
the House of Correction from $50 to
$75.
The petition of International Union
of Steam Engineers No. 68 and Marine
Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
35 that a charter amendment be sub
mitted providing for the raising of sal
aries of engineers in the Fire Depart
ment to $1680 was referred to the
Charter Amendment Committee. The
petition asserts that the skill and ex
perience required from the engineer,
the confining nature of his duties and
the fact that the present compensation
of $112 50 is much less than paid for
similar service by private concerns
prove the justness of the request.
Supervisor Braunhart yesterday
submitted to the Board of Supervisors
three proposed charter amendments,
which were referred to the Charter
Amendment Committee for considera
tion and report. The first of these
provides that subdivision 9, section 9,
chapter 2, article 3 of the charter be
amended to read as follows:
"Any owner or owners of lots or
lands fronting upon any street, the
width and grade of which have been
established by the Supervisors, may
perform grading work at his or their
own expense after obtaining permis
sion from the Board of Works so to
do, which permission shall not be
granted without approval of the
Board of Supervisors."
Under the present law the Board of
Works has sole power to grant such
permits and the amendment Is de
signed to require the consent of the
Supervisors thereto. Braunhart ex
plained that the amendment was in
tended to prevent Gray Bros, from ex
cavating lands when protests are filed
by surrounding property owners.
The Board of Supervisors held their '
final meeting as the Board of Equali
zation yesterday morning. The hear
ing of complaints on the alleged high
assessments was continued until noon,
when the functions of the board cama
to an end, as prescribed by law.
The Assessor has been working
night and day on the cases that have
been referred to him for further con
sideration, and It was almost 12
o'clock before he appeared with a list
of the property on which the assess
ments had been reduced. The usual
list of complaints was heard and all
referred to the Assessor for investiga
tion. Most of the complaints were
based on the alleged inequality of the
assessments in the same blocks. Be
fore adjourning the board passed a
resolution empowering the Assessor
to make or refuse reductions on all
complaints referred to him at the pre
vious sessions of the board. Among
those whose complaints were referred
to him yesterday were: P. F. Butler,
McNab & Smith, John F. Boyd, Ma
rion Lacy, Elise A. Drexler, Thomas '
J. Knight, White Investment Com
pany, estate of Emma Joseph, Tim
othy Hopkins, Mary A. Keyser, Mary
C. Raum. R. M. Gashwicker, Mrs. A.
G. Leary, C. B. Wilson, Lizzie D.
Smith, Hannah Coughlin, C. F. A.
Langerman, Jacob Fitz, Thomas Mol
loy, Eleanor J. Spreckels, George Dill
man. Ella Murphy, Robert P. Keating,
Bridget Coyle and Mary A. Wightman.
The following reductions were made
on recommendation of the Assessor:
California Pacific Company, to $120,000: Jer
emiah Coakley, to ?2500: L,. V. Merle, to $1KO.
(00; Margaret Meyer, to $2«,000; Robert Me-
Elroy. to $M,660; Crocker Estate Company, to
5210,000; Schroth Estate Company, to $70,000;
Charles Schroth, to |101.500: A. Cousanl. to
$lK(Xi; Joseph O'Neil. to $137,000; James
O'Connor, to $8520; Henry Hacke. to $31,<>00:
Rosio Boyd. to $17,500; I>. Adlcr. to $tW5.000;
Charles V. Cain, to $.31,300: Edward P. White,
to 52000: Mary E White, to $9500; Charles P.
Cain, to $.'.S.5OO: Charles P. Cain, to $59,790;
Jan» F White to $5200; Fred K. Baruch,
to $114,000: Gustav Harshall to $112,000; E.
N Fritz, to $24,610; Amelia Haas, to $13,000;
Wells-Fargo. to $300,000; J. R. Feehan. to
$10 000- C. B. Wilson, to $*?000; Rebecca Ru
dre. to $9500; Elliott McAllister, to $42,000:
George A. Haas to $25.O0O: R. W. Mastick,
one-third of original assessment: Joseph Pil
ser. to $7500- Joseph Pilger, to $S000: William
Wolf, to $50 000: H. Summerfield. to $39,000;
J Ilynian, to $178,750; Hyman Bros. Company,
to $Hr>.000: James Freeborn. to $115,000; A.
J Rich, to $114,000; J. Llebes. to $lti,5C0; E.
P Connelly, to $70,000; A. U WhHtell. to
$190 000- liana Plantation Company, to $500;
Katherina Schleicher. to $18,000; J. L. Flood,
to $1,050,000; Mary Hyfle, to $10,600: Caroline
Nixon to $19,500; J. E. Walsh, to $165,250;
Catherine Dunne, to $45,000; Cora J. Flood, to
S7U0 000; Jane Riley, to $6500; J. F. Osgood.
to $56,000; Alice McCone, to $20,000:
B P Oliver, to $72,600: Bank of California, to
$175.5C0: G. II. Thompson, to $40,000; Occi
dental Land and Improvement Company, to
$35 100; Andrew Downey, to $6$O0: William
V Mau, to S1U.50O; George H. I-rent. to $45,000;
George H. Lcil. to $245,000; Charles Luckman,
to $G5,UC0: William J. Herrln, to $15,000;
Georjre F. Mage* Jr. to $50,000; J. C. Brickell,
to $120,000; William J. Newman, to $14,000;
Druids Hall Society, to $42,000; W. P. John
ston, to $11,310; F. Schweitzer, to $145,000;
George Hinkel to $16,000; Margaret Barkley,
to $19,500- Dudley Bates, to $185,000: Henry
rolombat. to $4000; G. Taleri. to $2400; K.
Boesh. to Slf.,000; G. Taleri. to $22,000; Theo
dore H. Hittel, to $24,900; Nathaniel Halliman,
to $12,000; William Monahan, to $13,000; W.
J. Healy. to,$10,500; Irwln Howard, to ?GO0O;
Charles Champion, to $700; W. Albers, to $900;
M. Albers. to $5500; M. Albers, to S5.SC0;
Charles Cain to $21.6»0; A. B. McCreery, to
$1,235,250; J." B. Pringle, to $4000: George D.
Boyd. to $97,000; Charles Holbrook. to $294.
<KM): Vincent F. Finnegan, to $113,650: R. D.
McElroy, to $33,000; I. Lowenbergr. to $140,000;
Alexander D. Keyes, to $1S9.000; Mary Dooley,
to $S1.0C0; William A. Magee, to $204,
.•J30; George P. Poultney, to $lti,0CO;
Judson Wheeler, to $40,500; William Caesar, to
$40C0; Robert Keating to $130,000; George But
ler, to J42.000: H. K. Scheltcr, to ? 19.^00; F.
K. "H. Gardner, to $190,000; Leo Alexander, to
$0000; JosepWCoyle, to $7000; IJzzle Mutr, to
$325,OCO; Catherine Pike, to $12,500; H. C.
Poehlman. to $7500; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, to $20,000; B'nal B'rith Endowment
Association, -to $49,700; L. Sachs, to $12,000;
Charles Koch, to $2000; George Clark, to $4200:
Moses Clay burg, to $23,000: George Clark, to
$4200: F. C. Bekcart, to $450; W. N. McCar
thy, to S160.0CO: Eugenia Goss, .to $5000: M. P.
Mendel, to $8000; O. E. Girwin, to $6500; J. L.
Hicks, to $S000; Ellz Foote, to $1250; A. S.
Kewburg, to $400; Mrs. D. R. Manning:, to
$25«0 : Thomas S. Williams, to $109,000; Charles
Minifle, to $15,000; James V. O'Kane. to $21,
300; Oscar Berneteln, to $4750; Alex Wilson, to
$274,500; F. J. Stanton. to $195,000; L. Adler,
to $126,000; Robert Day, to $27.MK); Christian
Rein, to $14,0W>; George FrederlcLj. to $10 500;
Olive B. Martin, to $6000; H. F. Ross, to $30 -
650; F. Torbini. to $24,000; Sam Center. to$170|
000; Samuel Knljcht. to $25,000; H. N. Havl
land, to S32.000; San Francisco Savings Union,
to $3900: Robert McWilliam, to $2000; H. A.
Hidger. $15,500; C. B. Wilson, to $7500; C. TV.
Hansen, $2l5,noO; J. Coakley. $2250; C. B. Wil
son, to $19,000; Herbert Law, to $5250; Ben
jamin M. Gunn. to $115,400; John W. Flinn, t»
$75,000; John Garber. to $19,500; Maria O'Con
nell, to $11,300; the BaJrd estate, to $58,000;
William G. Erlttan, to $89,500; J. C. Peters,
to $2300; J. P. Treadwell, to $30,000;
John R. Hite, to $75,000; H. Levy, to $84,000;
Edwin Goodall. to $350: Thomas Mahoney, to
$7500; Pendletbn. to $159,000; Theresa Oelrlchs
to $454,500; William A." Magee. to $28,000-
Virginia Vanderbllt, to $492,920; Thomas
Mahoney. to $458,000; Edwin Newhall. to
$280,000; H. G. Pendleton, to $18,000; George
E. Raum, to $8000; Timothy Hopkins, to $179,
250; Emma Joseph estate, granted reduction
as asked; McNab & Smith, to $63,000: Laura
Gashwiler, to $32,770; O. B. Martin, to |268,700;
R. O. Neil, to S50.0C0; John H. Speck, to
¦ SSO.OOO; Mary Williamson, to $12,000; Herbert
Goewey. to S12.0C0; Rompn Catholic Arch
bishop, to $60,000; S. J. Magulre, to $65 000-
Maty L. Craig, to $lS00; Mary A. J. Leary,
to $25C0: Geonre K. Fitch, to $57,400; Lizzie
Smith, to $05,C0O: Howard D. Smith, to $60 000-
Jacob Vlts. to $18,000; Catherine Malloy, to
$51,500: John T. Doyle, to $35,000: C. Masaero,
to ?SG£O; John J. Deane, to $496,000; Joseph
A. Gardotte, to $15,000; Mrs. M. Drogei' to
*S000; A. M. Rosenbaum. to $94,0dO; Richard
Kennedy, to $15,000: R. W. Sanford, to $4500-
Esther Harshall, to $10,000; one-half of Wilson
Estate Company, to $30,0C0; W. J. Somers, to
.«4O,0C0; Franklin Wakefleld. to $35,000" City
Realty Company, each reduced 10 per cent:
Joseph Kennedy, to $9000.
Lieutenants and Hostlers
in Fire Department May
Have Higher Compensation
The petition of W. M. Sears, D. J.
Scbert and Charles Landau that the
\\ cense tax on public dance halls and
ballrooms be repealed on the ground
that such places pay in addition a re
tail liquor license was referred to tlie
fam? committee.
The board aguin postponed consider
ation of the proposed ordinance provid
ing rules and regulations for the sani
tary conduct of dairies and the hand
ling of milk. Action was taken at the
request of protesting milk dealers,
prominent among whom was M. John
son.
An attorney representing certain
dairymen informed the board that the
proposed rules were too drastic and
would require such expenditure of
moneys in the alteration of dairies that
tho price of milk would surely be in
creased as a result. He stated that the
dealers desired to submit some amend
ments and with that understanding the
¦ matter went over until next Monday
at 2:15 x>. m. • Supervisor D'Ancona
vuted against postponement, claiming
that the matter had been thoroughly
threshed out in committee.
Permission was granted to the Henry
Cowell Lime and Cement Company to
lay a spur track on Front street be
tween Union and Commerce.
Thomas Morton was awarded the
contract to furnish coal to the Board
•->f Works and city institutions. E.
AipHtinpor & Co. received the con
iract to furnish hay and forage to the
city. *
The contract for furnishing brick to
the Department of Electricity was
awarded to the Sati Francisco Brick
Company at $9 prr thousand and that
for cement to the Cowell Lime Com
pany at 52 Zf> per barrel.
The i>etition of the West of Castro
Street and Sunset Improvement Club
that twenty arc and gas lights be in
stalled in the two districts named was
referred to the Light Committee.
G. B. Campbell was granted permis
.-i..n to explode blasts for grading pur
poses in the Reis tract.
Supervisor Lunstedt yesterday intro
duced an ordinance in the Board of Su
pervisors repealing the license tax
on dance halls. It was referred to the
Joint License and Police Committee.
The present license is $75 per quarter
or 510 rer night- The ordinance •was
referred to the Joint Police and License
Committee without discussion.
Supervisors Again Postpone
Action on Ordinance Pre
scribing Milk Regulations
Allegation That Restric
tions in Municipal Budget
Are Now Being Violated
Assessor Will Act on the
Cases Referred to Him
for Final Consideration
Brandenstein Thinks Age
Limit of .Policemen Ought
to Be Twenty-Five Years
IGNORES CIVIL SERVICE
DAIRYMEN SECURE TIME
COMPLAINTS SUSTAINED
TO INCREASE SALARIES
SUGGESTS AMENDMENT
Proposed Ordinance Abol
ishes Impost Upon Dance
Halls and on Ballrooms
Board of Supervisors Holds
Final Session for Equal
izing Property Valuations
Finance Committee Submits
Keport That Allowances
for Salaries Are Exceeded
Finance Committee Directs
Ooinmissioners to Furnish
City Additional Security
«
Proposed New Section Neces
sitates Consent of Super
visors for Grading -Work
REPEAL OF TAX
IS DEMANDED
WOULD AMEND
CHARTER AGAIN
TAKES HEALTH
BOARD TO TASK
DEMANDS NEW
OFFICIAL BONDS
LOWERS MANY
ASSESSMENTS
SUPERVISORS ACT ON MANY IMPORTANT QUESTIONS
FIREMEN'S PENSIONS PAID.— The May
pensions of the retired firemen were paid by
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday. There, Is
a deficit in the fund and part of it was raado
up from a surplus in the firemen's salary fund.
Yc Oldc English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by tho great Pan-
American Quartet. •
The Pacific States Retail Merchants'
Association filed a petition with the
Supervisors yesterday that an ordin
ance be passed prohibiting the giving
away or the sale of lunches and eata
bles, cooked or otherwise, by retail
liquor dealers. The provisions of the
ordinance, a draft of which accom
panies the petition, go further and pro
hibit even the exhibition of lunches in
saloons or adjoining premises connected
by doors.
The penalty for violation of the or
dinance is fixed at imprisonment for
six months and a fine of $500.
- The petition states that the ordinance
is intended "to remedy an existing evil
which should be remedied." It was re
ferred to the Police Committee.
Street work was ordered on Church
street between Twenty-fifth and Clip
per and at the crossings of Church and
Army, Church and Twenty-seventh,
Church and Jersey, Church and Twen
ty-fifth, Church and Clipper and
Church street between Jersey and
Twenty-fifth. '
The roadways of Hooper street be
tween Seventh and Eighth, Haight
street between Masonic avenue and
Ashbury. Clayton street between Haight
and "Waller, Waller Btreet between Ash
bury and Clayton, Chestnut street be
tween Hyde and Larkin, Franklin
street between Greenwich and Lom
bard, and Greenwich street between
Franklin and Gough were accepted.
The name of Condon street was
changed to Cannon street by ordinance.
The width of sidewalks on Fourth
street between Market and Channel
was reduced from nineteen to fifteen
feet. This is preparatory to the widen
ing of the roadway of the street and
will necessitate all those maintaining
cellars under the sidewalks to set them
back four feet.
The clerk was directed to advertise
for bids for eight book-typewriting ma
chines for use In the County Clerk's
office.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Authorizing final payment of $15,000
on purchase price of the Harbor Police
Station.
Authorizing payment of $5500 to the
Tilden estate for lands condemned for
St. Mary's Park.
Accepting deeds from the South San
Francisco Dock Company to lands con
veyed to the city for the opening; of
Fifth and Tenth avenues south; from
S. Ducas for the opening of Wall street
and Butler avenue.
Eetail Merchants Petition
for Passage of Ordinance
to Abolish Saloon Custom
FREE LUNCHES
UNDER THE BAN
THE SAy FRANCISCO; CALU, TUESDAY; JULY 19 f 1904.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kill * the DtnJruf I Otrm."
GOINC^l CxQING-!! GONE!!!
KEificai tu un rr. . mnctK irm $ aye it. too ute foi kekmcibl
T H B L A.X >/£ '.5 O B J £ C T reflected In the enormous sale of Newbro's Herpl-
ts a ruftty and »tlcky hair dreiiln jr. or oae that clde. Ladles become enthusiastic over Its refresh"
Is full ol sedlmenurir cbeickals Intended to dye In* Quality and exquisite fragrance. It destroys I
the balr. Th« Barked preference for a dainty the olcroblc-frowthln the scalp, cures dVndruff
4re*slnr. particularly one that overawes excess- stops ¦ falllnr hair and rives II a silken «loss
ive oOteess and leaves the hair II E ht and fluffy, it STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY. *
CrajaBrtiSIJn. tui lOe, stwps. te HEBflCIOE CO, feptB, Detroit. Wet, fer a sample.
AgPUCATIOgg AT PBOMINEHT BAKBEE SHOPS.
ADVERTISE2IZI3nC3w
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
TlOfiiRI F n/\Y FREE U - S Postafe Stamps
I/UUDLL Ut\ I ¦ i\i_i_ on all pu chasts In our
to-morrow »s&r* t0 arao " n: or
¦ V IMVHI1V11 POTOLB Qg WEJ1TESPAT3.
LADIES' STTMM£S DSES3 OSIESTAL LACS.
SX7XTS. la rr.stny beautiful designs, 5% 'In.
Made of colored pique, prettily wide: special 35c
trimmed, blue and white trim- Beautiful Embroidery in many pat-
min{?s. Special 81.45 terns, 3 In. wide; special, per
yard — 5c
TOECHON LACE AZT9 XETSEK-
TZOZTS. ESSBBOTnTTRT.
English bleached thread, from 1% In many patterns, extra wide, sold
to 4 In. wide, while they last. everywhere for 2 d c. 3pedal priM,
Special, per yard 4c *er yard 10c
special price 3oC in packages. 1 Oe per oz.. and
liquid for mixing any consistency
VISIT OUR BOOK SX3PABTMS17T. you may wish, either heat resiat-
If In want of anything in this line ing or banana fluid. 2 vz lOc
it will mean money saved to you. 4 oz lot? 6 oz UOtr
For the same quality binding no 8 oz UoC 18 oz 45c
wh°e k re? an ** Cheaper elSB ' BUSTY. MXJSTX. DXT3TT
Furniture made to look like n«w by
POPTJliAB TfQYETiS, ISc Flnck's Magic Polish; especially
The Crisis, by Churchill. * ood f or P lanos - Per bot
The Vigrlnian. by Owen Wister. r".: - ,¦¦¦¦¦„ . „
The Conqueror, by Atherton. gy*LVbiffi5&»gr\^- j.«u^*bax
The Heart of Rome, by Crawford. rC^^Zliii-U-i CXfT paici:s -
copxbioht riCTioH. 35c csZsSsfa traveIers to look
100 titles copyright fiction, nicely wThXJU*s8 ?J" er *J U T - Un
bound in cloth 35c %° r ?r. 1 1* ?2t
250 titles of choice copyright fiction, '<HrjL--*— *-^ '^ a P r \5*Z
many original $1.50 editions, ele- .^TT _ . «„? M - »i h?^
gantly bound In cloth 50c S v *5* ft W a e8 *; m £Z°i% S™ *£r£
List of titles on application . a^fow^as'll^O and 8 ot" ers°up
LATEST COFTOXOXTS, 81.OS- to *5O.OO
The following are eight of the best- -..—
selling books of to-day, published Q. __--eSZ? •: fll dfslNR 0 T
at $1.50 and sold by us at.. *1.OS \>*t&&35&2M I ULUOI«OUUI
The Crossing:, by Churchill. » I UAMlinnVO
The Silent Places, by White. ; ; tlKfSTgS*^ ! nAIY!mUU.\O
In the Bishop's Carriage, by Mich- fc ¦>¦»•
elson. We hav« rednead the prices oa all
Rulers of Kings, by Atherton. Hammocks to clean ur\ the lino
Sir Mortimer, by Johnston. before the end of the season.
The Cost, by Phillips. If you don't want • one now. it
The Yoke, by Miller. would pay you to buy one for an-
The Grafters, by Lynde. other year. Come and look at
Postage extra on all books. them.
KNIVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE FRAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAILWAY COMFANT.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAS rSAKCISCO TO SAN SATASXi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m :
12:S5. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:60. 6:30 aad 11:30
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEI. TO SAN FEAST CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trtp at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:60. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:25, 7:50 p. m.
fExcept Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 190*. I San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I feun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | daya. | Days.
' 7:3Oa 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:0O a 8:4Oa S:4Oa
8:C0a 9:30 a Irnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7: 15 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2-30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
| 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p ;
7:30 a 7:30a ~~ 10:20 a 10:20a
8-00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hoplalid 110:20 a|10:20 a.
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
j j Wiliits. J I
7:3OaJ 7:30a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
~8":o6"ar8:00a| Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:G0p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:2Op
~8T0Oa 8T0O~a ~ 8:40 a S:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2*30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke' s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cioverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; %t Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprfngs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe, Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.'
Westport, Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vlllc Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olseni.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.*
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZTER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Et&
Via Sausalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00, 11:00 a.* m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50, «:25. 7:15. 9:00 10:20
11 :35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a m., l«:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00 4:33.
5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20." 11:33
p m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days 6:17.
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. ll:05'a. m..
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35, 4:20. 5:05. 5:40 6:15,
6:55. '7:55. 10:C5, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45 2:05
8:60 p. m. .
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
8:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15 10:00
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30? 7:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:4B a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 *. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc
3*:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc.
6:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lht* - f i» taisilit* Ferry Arrive
Baa Fraudtco K-t «f Bark* St. San Fraudsea
Week 8Hn- ' irffifta Suu- Week '
Days, days. days. Days.
—8:30 a rSP^^a 12:45 p» 8:4S*
".... 10:00a KS^S^ 2:05^*11:05*
10:00a 11:00a \2sfe£s2y 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45 r 12:20 f XSs5sSy MOr 6:11 1
K:i6r 1-46 r \MrJr 6:15 r I0-.0H
: 4:35 t 8:50 r
•TI» Cntity far. J" Tanalfah U Ull Tallf.
Tickxt 1626 Market St. (North Shore Railrosd}
Omcu (aod Savsauto Fekkv, Toot Mazkttat
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y^f~FT^\_ Trains le»T« and arc da*
[^^^^^21 8Ay FRANCISCO.
X^C \J1S (Toot ef Market Street >
V" - MAIN -LINE. - «»»rn-:
7 00a V»e»TUlr. Wlntart. Hum»ey.. 7 $Ht»
700a BeBtoU. Elmirm »ad Sacramenta . 7.20p
/•50a Villcjo. \*p». Cal'.ttoffa. Ssnto
Rosa, Marttnes. 8«n Rumen 8.20»
7-SOa Ntte«. Tracy. L»£hroj\ SocJron.... 7.20P
U)CASh»M* Bxpreea— (Via Da»li;.
William* (for B»rtl«tt 9pr!as~i>.
Wtllova. +Fruto. Ko& BlaS,
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50*
8.90a D»t18. Woodji»nrt. KntRhte L«ndlnt
Marjarlllc Chlco. OrovtUe .. 750*
¦ £8A Port Coata. Martinez. Aatlock,
Brron, Trmey. Stockton, New.
man. Los Usnot. Mendota,
Armoa*. Hanfort. Vi«*lts.
rort«»rTflle 4.20*
8 J0a Port Coata. Mo dot to. Merced,
Trenao, Oooben Junction, Hss-
ford. Vtaalfm. RaicemSeld 4-53»
9S0a 5::c», San Joae. Lii»rmore. atoek-
ton.(+M!lton). IoSe. SacraramSo,
»UrT«T!Sl». Cblco. Kod Rlaff .... 4-2D»
S.SCAOsicdKie. Chin we. Jaasotto-wn. S>
nor*. Tnolnmne «n<t Anrels ..... 4-20<*
9 00a Attenttc Kxprni— Ogden <ia<t Bast. 5.2S?
S 30a Richmond. Martinet and Way
Stations 8 50(»
10-COAThe Overload Limited — Ojtis;*. .
Oaiiihv Chicago. Dearer. Kansas
C!s> . St. Loals 8.20;»
1080a Vatlejo 12.20*
10 00a Los Anzelea Pauenser — Port
Cotta. Martinet, Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stoektoa. Merced,
Raymond, Fresno. Ootben J Bas-
tion. Hau'ord. Lenoore, Vltalia,
Bakerofieiv Los Angeles 7-20*
12.C0w Hayward. NtTes and Way Station*. 3-20s»
11 .CO* Sacramen to ni»er Steamers tl I.QJf*
3-SOp Benteta. Winters. Sacramento.
Wooit;«nd, W[!)ows. Kntgtits
Landing, U»ry»-»U'.e, Orofills
and way s: iv, a as 10-SOa
SJCp Hay ward, Ni: e s «3d W» v Stattoas.. 7 SOo
400f VJ»rtiaex.S«a (Umoa.Val!eJo,Kapa,
CaMstoics. Santn Ro«» 9-28A
4 COPNlles. Tracy. Stoekion. Lodl 4.20i»
4 39p Harw»rit. K:iea, lrTinjlon. Saa I t3.60A
J*so. LtT»rinor« ) M1.SCU
SCCPTh* Owl Limited— Netrmaa. Los
Hanos. MrnUot*. Fresno. Talare,
Bakenfleid.LetAnKnlet S-SOa
1S-90*> Hay ward. NtTes and Ban Joso 7.20a
S.OOp Ilayward. NRet and San .loss 3 jOa
8-OOp Eastern F.xpr***— Ujr-icn. Umaha.
; . Chieajco, l)«DTtr. Kacsas Ctt*,
St. Loafs, ru M»r'!nez. Stock:on.
Sacram>-ntn. Colfaz. Heno 12-50*
•.00i» Vallejo, dallT, except duudar » -, ens
7/JCP Vallejo. Sunday only f 7Wf *
7-OCp hlcnmond. San P.tblo. Port Cotta.
Marines and Way s:a:!ons 11.20a
7.00PKeao Patsenser— Port Cost*. Sol-
tun. Klmlra. IHvia. Sacrairraco.
Trockeo, Lake Taboe. ISeno,
Tonopsh. Sparks 7-SJA
B-CSPPnrc Cosla. Mirtlnej. Bymi.
Tracy. Latbros. M o d t % t o.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Pori C'ct:« \2 2Cp»
t-OS* Yosemlte Valley, Tia lteren<U and
Wawon* 8SC *
tXtSp Martinet. Tracy. Stoc!j:on 1Q20a
8-flbF Oretron A Cs!!fornia Kxpritis— Sae-
raineato, MaryiTll>. lie !<i;n*.
Portland. Paget Sound »nd K**(. 3-53A
felt? Hayward. N!]es anil Suu Jnse rs<ia-
dironly) • H-*3»
COAST LINE O«rra>w fcana-Kj'.
¦ (Koot of .NUrXet Street.) _^
7.45a Santa Cruz ExeurMnntSaadayoniy) 8. 10*
8.15a Newark. Cenrorvi'le. Sin Juio,
> 'el ton. BoaiderCrreic, H\tc ru&tn,
Santa Craj and W«y S:»iloa»... 5 53*
t9.15A Alvarado. Newark. S»a Jw. Las
Oatos.Glenwcod, Feirnn. »n'der
Creek, Blsr Bsa!n. Santa Cfui... 813*
t2.15p Kewark, CeBterTtllc. baa Juse.
New A!m»deo.L<n G»to». Te'ton. ¦
Boolder Cr^ek, 9-.m.» Crnt aaU
Principal Way Stations tO-S^a,
4.16p Ktwara. Saa Jote. Lot Gatos '8 53»
4.15P Wrlifht, Boalder Creeic aad batata
Crnz. Satnrdav and Sunday nnlr. 98.55»
COAST LINE <»"•«• «••••««•).
ar~t laird aad To-arnuwnd Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations .. B St"
170CA Saa .lote aad Way StaL'ont 6-4QP
7.15a Monterey aad Santa Cruz Fzetrr-
ston (Sunday only) 103C*
8 00a K«w A'.maden (Tnes.. Frld.. oary), 4-10*
g.00ATae Co«ster— 8aa Jose. Saltnas.
San Ardo, P»«j Routes. Santa
Margarita. San Lets ObispaSaota
Barbara, San Buenaventura,
MactaiTo, Oxnard, Bnrbaak. Let
Angeles 10-43*
8.00A 6tlroy. Holllster. Caftrorllle. T>«1
Monte. PacSnc GroTs, Surf. Lorn-
poc 1845*
9.00a Ban Jote. Tret PtBos.Watson-rUie.
Capitols, banta- Cms. Pacific
Grore. SaKoas. San Lclt Ubispo
and Prtacfpal Wsy Station*. ... 4.10*
18.30a DuJtn awd Way Stations 1.20*
1V30A8a«ta Clara, fcan Jose, Los Oatos
aad Way Stations 7jO»
1JC* SasJete ami Way Stations 8 33*
fS.bfipDel Moate Ksprea* (except San-
dty) — 8aat* Clara. San Jote.
WaMonvtllc. Santa Cnu. Del
llotiM. Modterey. Padfle Grove. |I2.15 m
S-St* B*rBataB»e. Saa Joae^eilroy. Hol-
Ust«r. Tr«a Plaoa, Pajaro, Wat»«n-
. TlCe. Capital*. 9«st» Cnu. Caa-
troTiUe. Saltaaa, Pactfle Grove... 13 45*
4J9* **o Jose and Way Stations +8-00A
t5 00* Saata Clara, saa j*««, Lmt Cate«,
Tfrleht »»4 prtaeliwl Way Sta-
Uont (except Sunday).. ...-. tf.OOA
1 5-38 p Baa Jose and PrlacljxlwayStaBoaa M4C*
• 45* MaBsot Zxprest.— Kodwood. laa
Joae, G llror.8allnaj.Paso Koblea,
Ban Lois Ofclspo, Santa •axkara,
.: Los A»c«i*s. D«saia«. El Paso.
Sew Orloaas. New Tork 7.10a
6.45* P»J»ro, WattoarlJle. CspitoJa, 1 1 -_ ,_
Santa Crux. CatsroTllle. DeJ>;12l?*
Monte, Paclflc Oro*e \ TUMo*
11.15p *aaMaie«.Bere«fbrd,Belmoat.Saja
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oakt. >
UenloPtrk. Palo Alto tt-48a.
• 30p 8aa Jote and Way Stations. 8 33 a
800p Palo Alto sad Way Statlona . 11.15a
11 .90* SiwJih S»a FmnclBCO, »l nibrsc. Bap-
nncano. San Mateo, Belmone,
Esn Carlos. Kedwood. Fatr Oaks,
Me&lo Park, tad Palo Alto 945*
ill -30* May Held. Mountain YIew, gunny'
vale, Lawrence. Bint* Clara and
aa Joso t9.48*
? tor Morning. P for Afttriissav
t Saa day eieepted. tSvudaj mlr.
• tstoitT only. »Mood*yaart».
¦ _JJBMMJt-aU«Ut«aM.«« »OdaZ>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAFETY RAZOR
Hakes Shaving Easy
Regular Price S.2.00. My Price only
$1.50.
I have sets of Star Safety Razors
for traveling up to $25.00.
Exchange Your Old Razor for a
New One.
I'll make you a liberal offer if
you bring your old razor in. I
have good razors as low as $1.00.
Pocket Knives at my usual low
prices. I'm offering a high class
special In several styles and makes
at ........ $1.00
Razor Strops from 25c up. Scis-
sors as low as 25c
Two "bars Williams' Shaving
soap 15c
Razors honed and ground. Hon-
ing • 25c
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street, Above Powell,
San Francisco.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ra^LIFO^NIA i
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO B
m LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS B
Mat f>:;$<> a.m., throuffk in 3 dsys,H
(§1 with diner and all trapping!. II
Other Santa Fe Traini:
7:30 a. m. "1 ¦ for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield,
|:00 p'. mlj Merced. Hanford and VIsalla,
4:0O p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFXOES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 27 South First St.,
*¦ San JoM/"*.-* Y ' *Special Information supplied dally *o
business houses and public men by tha
Pr*«s CltP-^s; Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1941. *
Townsend's California Glaca fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market «t.»
A New York convict recently released returned the
other day to his! prison home and begged a haven of
shame because after long imprisonment and the brand
of the malefactor upon him he found that in the world
of free people he must either steal or starve. Is this
an indictment of our charity and , oar civilization or
another lesson of that terrible law of cause and effect
which operates as well in the moral world as in the
physical? - - .
Germany is exercising every endeavor of national au
thority to convict the bands of anarchists that have
made their headquarters in leading German cities to
operate their schemes of death against Russia. This
effort of the Government of Emperor William must
meet with applause from every civilized people. How
ever nations may differ in their theory and practice of
national development 'they, must be one against the an
archist — the common. and cowardly enemy of them all.
THE SHIPTON PROPHECY—Sub
scriber. Vallejo. Cal. What was
palmed on the public as the prophecy
of Mother Shlpton. who lived 14 S 3
1560. was written by one Charles
Hlndley and put in circulation in
IS 62. It is as follows:
Carrtag?s without horses shall go.
And accidents fill the world with woe;
Around the world thoughts will fly
In the twinkling of an eye;
The world upatde down shall bt
And gold be found at root of tree.
Through hills man shall ride.
And no hone by his stde:
Vnder water man shall walk.
Shall ride, shall sleep, shall talk;
In the air men rhall be seen
In white, m black. In green;
Iron in the water shall float
As easy aa a wooden boat:
Oold shall be found 'mid itsse
In a land that's now unknown:
Fire and water shall wonders do;
England shall at last admit a J-w;
And this world to an end shall come
In eighteen hundred and elghty-oae.
To the Editor of The Sun— Sir: Below
is a translation of a letter to El Mundo
of Havana. c. e. Noxon.
Rochester, June 27.
"Within three or four years the United
States will find Itself involved in a dis
astrous war with Mexico, Cuba, France.
Germany and some other power, Euro
pean or American, the name of which
I am at a loss to give at present. As
a consequence of this war, the United
States will lose a great deal of its ter
ritory and power; in fact, nearly half
of that which It possesses to-day. Mex
ico will raise itself to the front rank of
nations, recovering some of its terri
tory lost to the United States— such as
California, Texas and New Mexico.
And Porto Rico, Hay ti and Santo Do
mingo will solidify with Cuba into one
"nation."
The writer is not a Mexican, as you
may perhaps conjecture, but a Cuban
in full possession of his mental facul
tlon and a friend and admir
er of the Yankee people. and
one who believes, although he is
not a spiritualist, and for some reaaon
that he cannot explain, that for a frac
tion of a moment the veil of the future
has been torn aside and enabled him
to predict the events cited about. P.
Havana, June 11
A Cuban's Prophecy
river.
The original Columbia River jetty was completed in
1895. A channel thirty-one feet in depth was then af
forded unhindered by any obstruction in the river's
mouth. According to the Oregon Journal the unceasing
action of the littoral currents gradually piled up the
sand along the shore line south of the river's mouth
and caused the south shore line to move seaward until it
was even with Cape Disappointment on the north bank
of the river.
The jetty, under these conditions, no longer prevented
depositing of sand on the bar, which,' beginning near the
outer terminus of the original jetty, curves outward and
northward, lying, as the Journal says, "Like a great
crescent, one point buried in the shoals south of the
jetty and the other in the sands of Cape Disappoint
ment." The westward curve of the bar lies on the verge
of a sharp declivity, where the ocean bed suddenly drops
off from a depth of 20 or 22 feet to 80 or 100 feet.
The Government's engineers believe that the scour of
the Columbia River would be sufficient to keep the chan
nel open if it were not for. the sand-depositing currents
WITHIN a year, so it is estimated, the work upon
the great jetty, six and three-fourths miles long,
on the Columbia River, will be completed.
Portland is looking forward to the removal of the bar
at the mouth of the river before the close of 1905. That
alone impedes the passage of deep sea vessels. When the
jetty has its full length the" swift current of the channel,
so runs local belief, will have sliced off the crest of the
bar and have swept it into the greater depths of the
open sea. The channel to the north of the jetty has
steadily been gaining depth under the scouring of the
GREAT WORK NEARS COMPLETION.
CAPITALIZING — Subscriber. City.
In writing "him" with the Idea of con
veying reference to the Deity the word
should be capitalized; as. for instance.
If one were to write. "In all her trou
bles this good lady never failed to ex
press her confidence in the care of
him in whom she had put her trust."
the meaning might be doubtful; "him"
might refer to some humane relative
or to the superintendent of the alms
house; but if written. "This good lady
never failed to express her confidence
In the care of Him In whom." etc. the
meaning that the Deity is Intended be
comes clear.
For this position taken by Mr.
Knight I want to pat him on the back
and say "Good man that you are." I
have seen a few of those conventions
In which men are nominated for the
Legislature and are Instructed to vote
for a particular candidate for United
States Senator, and the trick Is usually
played In this way. The man who is
hunting for the office arranges to have
one or two special friends In the con
vention, who at the most appropriate
time. Jump up. and move that the can
didate be instructed, if elected, to vote
for a named candidate for United
States Senator. The other friend sec
onds the motion, and 'rather than to
raise a controversy, or to oppose the
motion, the balance of the convention
is silent, the motion is put and a few
me'n say aye. The majority of the con
vention, who have no candidate
selected and, perhaps, have not
thought of the matter, sit in silence
and the motion is carried. The candi
date is instructed, and straightway we
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I see
by your paper that George A. Knight
is a candidate for United States Sen
ator; and what is more Important than
the fact of his candidacy Is the state
ment made bv him that he is opposed
to the pledging of candidates for the
Legislature to any particular candi
date for United States Senator. He
would have all members of the Legis
lature free when they come together to
select the best man for the high honor
of representing this great people in
that greatest legislative assembly of
the world.
SUSANVILLE, July 15.
Concerning Pledges.
POWER OF ATTORNEY- R.. City.
This department cannot answer the
question relative to a power of attor
ney without knowing the terms of the
document.
Let those that roam in the forests of the State or
seek pleasure, recreation and health in sylvan glades
and along mossy banks sit up and take notice, for the
hour of their trial and tribulation is at hand. They
are now in the midst of that dangerous time in the life
of country folk where even the fittest may not survive.
The deer season has opened in California and expe
rience sadly teaches that more men than deer pay the
penalty of the merry season.
A HERO and great man passed away when Paul
Kruger looked his last upon this world and folded
his hands in the last sleep. In the territory of the
Orange Free State and that of the Transvaal Republic
Great Britain has the material for a\South African em
pire. But it was taken from wild men and the wilder
ness by other hands than hers. Of all who wrought in
that mighty conquest none bore a higher part than Paul
Kruger. He was a heroic figure from his infancy. As a
child he marched by his father's side in the great trek of
1835, and by his father's side twelve years later he
fought at Boomplatz in 1847 against the British, who
had followed the Boers into their solitude where they
had sought liberty. So from his cradle he heard around
him the aspirations, for freedom, and was a part of that
most wonderful of all companies of men who sought it
in the wild country and founded there its institutions and
ordinances. This old South African was among the
great men of his time. He had not the benefit of courts
and capitals and colleges. His wisdom was primitive in
its derivation. It was native. In diplomacy and states
manship he was a match for any public man of his time.
In courage he was unequaled. Whether going single
handed against a savage lion or leading an inferior force
in battle against superior numbers, he was the incarna
tion of cool headed and steady handed and stout hearted
courage. Let men of all nations pause in their occupa
tions and pray that the spirits kindred to Paul Kruger
may be always found upon the earth.
THE DEATH OF OOM PAUL.
Blanc is popularly credited with an
income of 52.000.000 a year and the
probability is that it Is over rather
than under that figure. The story of
the origin of his millions is a familiar
one here, but it may be less generally
known at home. M. Blanc'a father,
Francis Blanc, was the actual founder
of Monte Carlo as it now exists. Blanc
purchased the Monaco concession,
¦which up to that time had been badly
managed, for what was then thought
to be an excessive price — 1330,000. In
his hands it proved an inexhaustible
bonanza. "Red loses and black loses,"
he said in that celebrated pun of his,
"but Blanc (white). • always wins!"
And. thanks to the percentage in fa
vor of the bank. Blanc kept on win
ning to such an extent that when he
died about twenty-five years ago, with
turir.g the blue ribbon of the turf and
avenging Trafalgar, as ihs French
owner of Giadiateur by his famous
victory In 1S65 wiped out the bitter
memory of Waterloo. For Blanc has
the reputation of accomplishing what
ever he undertakes, especially on the
turf, ar.d he has set his heart on add
ing the Derby to his long list of vic
tories. His recent success in winning
¦with Ajax the Grand Prix, for the
seventh time, has convinced his ad
mirers that his star is still in the
ascendant. So phenomenal is his good
fortune considered that here the man
in the street swears "by the luck of
Blanc himself." Last year Blanc's
winnings on the French turf, in stakes
alone, amounted to 5240.000 — a sum
never before equaled by a continental
owner of race horses, and how much
more he made through bets no man
but himself knows. This year prom
ises to be a still more fortunate one
for him on the turf, for in stakes he
has already pocketed over 5200,000.
No theory of luck, however, will ac
count for a tithe of Blanc's successes
on the race track. It Is enormous
wealth, allied to brains and energy,
that has placed him so far ahead of all
of his turf compatriots. He sticks at
no money when he has made up his
mind to secure a crack steed and his
Judgment of horseflesh Is marvelous.
Even as a schoolboy a stable contained
far greater attractions for him than a
candy shop. It was a genuine pas
sion that caused him to name his
earliest mount First Love. He has
owned a legion of equine loves since
then, for he possesses what is reputed
to be the largest breeding establish
ment thoroughbred horses In the
world, but every one of his steeds has
had an equally warm place in his af
fections. He personally supervises
everything connected with the man
agement of his magnificent stud farm
and training quarters. Summer morn
ings find him up at 4 o'clock and un
til late in the evenings he busies him
self with the details of his vast estab
lishment. It Is a labor of love with
him. but it Is hard nevertheless. He
plays the racing game to win and
adopts the same methods that com
mand success in any commercial pur
suit- Though Frenchmen swear by
him. he is far from being a typical
Frenchman- Nothing disturbs his
sangfroid. Winning or losing he never
displays any emotion. His tempera
ment Is Anglo-Saxon rather than
Gallic. ¦ -::*;,
At a recent Sunday picnic, according to sworn testi
mony following a tragedy,- the fighting of the merry
makers continued from 9 o'clock in the morning until
9 o'clock at night, the festivities reaching an appar
ently and certainly logical conclusion in a murder. This
incident seemingly removes Sunday picnics as a bone of
contention for many of our worthy fellow citizens. Re
creation at the cost of one's life is rather a stiff price to
pay.
That night the crowd at the perform
ance had to be turned away an hour
before the doors opened.
"You young men I have brought up
here to nothing but defeat- Here we
are, a thousand miles from home and
kind parents and upon me falls the
responsibility for this blight upon all
your young lives. I cannot stand it; It
is too much — too-00 much!"
Then the gaping crowd of townsfolk
which had gathered about the orator
was stunned to see him suddenly throw
off his coat and hat and dash for the
edge of the wharf, desperation writ
large on his countenance. Before he
could reach the water, however. Dick
TuIIy and Milt Schwartz seized him
and cried loudly to him to desist from
his attempt at self destruction. For
several minutes Morse was begging to
be released that he might end all in
the sound. Then by degrees he became
mollified.
California, even "Brick" was downcast
for the instant.
Then standing there in the midst of
the dejected group on the wharf, Clin
ton's presence of mind suddenly flick
ered Into a glow. With tears In his
eyes he addressed the crowd:
"Boys, you have all been my friends
and I thank you for your kind sup
port to me on this -hard trip. But one
failure after another has not failed to
have its effect upon me. We have been
against the hardest kind of luck and
I have felt it more keenly than you
all." *
Morse's voice shook as he wiped his
eyes.
Westminster died and his racing
string was sold, M. Blanc bought for
his stud the famous Flying Fox for
the record price of 5200,000. English
sportsmen generally considered that
he^had paid for the horse much more
than he was really worth, but M.
Blanc knew what he was about, as
much as his, father did when he
bought the Monaco concession, and re
marked that he would have no diffi
culty in regaining the money as soon
as the offspring of Flying Fox should
show their speed on the track. This
is the first year that he has been able
to race any of them and already they
have recouped him for what their sire
cost. Ajax's winnings alone now
amount to ; 125,000. Gouvernant. the
colt that lost the Derby, has $24,000
in stakes to his credit. Profane and
La Devote have acquitted themselves
well. Adam, Fier, Genial, Jardy,
Val d'Or and Saint Michel have not
yet run, but M. Blanc expects that
they will prove fully as worthy of
their great sire as AJax. With such
a string of fliers In his stable the pop
ular opinion that at 48 the most bril
liant period of his turf career is yet
before him seems fully Justified.
Qreat as have been his successes on
the turf, his chief ambition is to dis
tinguish himself by permanently im
proving the breed of fast horses. He
is the most trusted adviser of the
French Government in the matter of
horse breeding for cavalry mounts
and has made some pecuniary sacri
fices for patriotism. After refusing
560,000 for Vinicius, which failed to
win the Derby in 1903, he sold the
horse to the French Government for
half that sum. Quo Vadis, the win
ner of the Grand Prix that year, he
sold to Russia for 550,000, and for
his services to Russian horse breeding
the Czar has made him a grand officer
of the Order of St. Stanislaus.
MARCEL LOISY.
-BRICK" MADE A DASH FOR THE
WATER, DESPERATION WRIT
TEN ON HI3 COUNTENANCE.
AJAX. THE SPEEDT OFFSPRING OF FLYING FOX, WHICH RECENTLY WON
THE GRAND PRIX OF THE FRENCH TIRF FOR HIS WEALTHY OWNER.
EDMOND ELANC. THE MILLIONAIRE SPORTING DEVOTEE
WATER — E. S. J., City. Water ia
densest or heaviest at 4 degrees centi
grade.
Anstcers to Queries.
Xor ever fell soldier more truly true
Than he who died trying to hoe his row.
The weeds are gone and the stumps are
gone —
The huge hop-toad and the copperhead.
And a million bent sabers flash tri
umph Instead
From stately, clean corn, la the diamond
sown dawn.
But the heroes have vanished, save here
and there.
Far out and afield like some storm
riven tree.
Leans a last survivor of Thermopylae.
Leafless and desolate, lone and bare
Joaquln Miller, in Harper's Weekly.
And the saying greir. as sayings will
grow
From hard endeavor and bangs and
bumps:
"He got in a mighty hard row for
stumps; • . •
But he tried, and died trying to hoe his
row."
O brighter and better that ten-pound
hoe.
Than brightest broad saber of Water
loo!
811ently leaving their bravest, best —
Paving a nation's path with their dead!
What unnamed battles! what thumps and
bumps!
"What saber slashes with the broad.
bright hoe!
What weeds in phalanx! what stumps
in row!
What rank vines fortressed in rows of
stumps!
Came crying, came dying In the wil
derness.
That hard, first, cruel half -century:
What psalms they sang! what prayera
they said.
Cabin or camp, as the wheels rolled
West;
You ask for manliest martial deeds?
Go back to Ohio's natal morn —
Go back to Kentuckie's fields of corn:
Just weeds and stumps and stumps and
weeds!
Just red men blazing from stump and
tree
"Where buckskln'd prophets 'midst
strife and stress
Heroes of Stumps.
Popular interest in the expected letter is of course
great, but it is an interest inspired mainly by curiosity.
To every sort of student of politics there is something
notable and amusing in the situation, and naturally
enough every one awaits with some eagerness to see how
the hitherto silent man of Esopus will meet the problem.
There is a general belief that the famous telegram to the
St. Louis convention, which forced the silver men to
virtually adopt a gold platform, was not original with
the Judge himself, but was inspired and perhaps actually
written by Hill or Belmont. One of the things there
fore which the public expects of the letter is some sort
of revelation of what manner of man Judge Parker is.
Up to this time it is not clear whether he is a real man,
with a man's convictions on political issues, or only a
dummy.
The Judge, in fact, can no longer play the part of a
sphinx. His letter of acceptance must reveal something,
for even should he strive to avoid dealing clearly with
the points of controversy in the ranks of his party, the
mere fact of his dodging them would be a revelation..
RARELY in our history has a Presidential candi
date had a more interesting or a more delicate task
before him in the writing of his letter of accept
ance than Judge Parker has at this juncture. He is him
self supposed to be a conservative Democrat, the plat
form given him by the St. Louis convention is virtually
made up of Republican planks out of which the native
strength has been carefully exhausted, while the party
to whose^ voters he must appeal is made up mainly of
radicals who object not only to the weakness of the plat
form declarations, but to the conservatism of the candi
date himself. To frame a letter that will serve to dissi
pate objections, harmonize the discordant and enthuse
the indifferent is certainly a task sufficient to tax all that
any statesman ever had of courage, diplomacy and lead
ership.
PARKER AND HIS TASK.
The Board of Public Works has issued peremptory or
ders that the streets and walks of the city in and out of
the business district must be cleared of their obstructions
to vehicles and pedestrians. What a strange feeling of
reckless confidence will take possession of us if the or
der is obeyed and we will be able to travel about the
town without imminent danger- to our neck or nervous
system. The usurpation of public streets for private
purposes has become chronic in San Francisco.
hear of the Immense popularity of that
candidate for United States Senator.
He is popular and conspicuous not be
cause of any rreat ability or particu
lar fitness for the ofilce, but because of
his peculiar industry in working for
the office — not because the people want
him, but because he wants the office.
This game has been played, especial
ly in the country counties, until it has
become sickening and disgusting. It
has been the means of pushing men to
the front who would never have got
there by reason of any special fitness
for the positions which they have pro
cured by this most objectionable and
even contemptible political trick. It is
time this kind of political work was
condemned, and that any man who re
sorts to it should be promptly retired
to private life. .
We want men to represent us In the
United States Senate who have correct
and broad ideas, and who have the
ability and courage to express them.
And the man who cannot stand up
openly and independently before our
people and show them that he is pos
sessed of these essential characteris
tics has no right to ask this great free
people to place him In a position where
we require, and have a right to ex
pect, the exhibition and use of that
ability which he does not possess.
We should choose men for the Legis
lature who have intelligence, discretion
and honor to select the very best ma
terial we have for the high office of
United States Senator, and should
leave them free to make such selection.
If they fail in this great responsibility,
they should be retired at the first op
portunity as unfit for legislative
honors. E. V. SPENCER.
The following touching story, truth
fully told, has to exploit the sterling
resourcefulness of one Clinton B. Morse,
known as "Brick" In the early days of
his hair by students at Berkeley for
ten years past. He is bald now but
his tact is as ready as in the palmiest
days of his hirsute florescence.
The University of California Glee
Club, which has had so flattering a re
ception at St. Louis this summer, was
touring the north not a great while
back with such wonderful success that
a 11000 deficit marked the apogee of
Its brilliant musical orbit. Morse
was then musical director qf the club
besides being general dispenser of liv
ening anecdote and uproarious buffoon
ery as his wont. "When the musi
cal youths, arriving on the wharf of
New Whatcom, Washington, found that
their enterprising advance agent had
left that town entirely out of his Itin
erary, that the opera-house had not
been hired, bills not distributed and no
word passed that there was even such
an institution as the University of
" Brick" Morse's Bluff.
Special Correspondence.
PARIS, July 5. — Though Edward
Blanc failed in his second attempt to
xvin the Derby. Frenchmen are con
fident that he will yet succeed in cap-
Millions in Horses.
the clear conscience of a man who had
always played a square game, he left
J50.000.000 to be divided between his
two sons, Edmond and Camille.
The great fortune he had Inherited
from his shrewd money making fath
er waa accompanied by a still rarer
endowment — the ability to take care
of iL The harpies who had expected
to find him an easy prey could make
nothing of him. As soon as Blanc be
came of age he got together a racing
stable, displaying rare Judgment in his
selections, and purchased the Celle
St. Cloud stud farm on the heights of
Suresnes, near Paris. His require
ments soon outgrew this and he began
buying property on all sides. The
most notable accession to his domain
was made by the purchase from the
ex-Empress Eugenie of the Immense
park at La Celle St. Cloud. It con
tained a chateau in which royalty had
been content to sojourn and here M.
Blanc made his home for some years.
M. Blanc believes that it p"ays to get
the best- English bred mares are
numerous on his stud farms and the
most noted of his sires hail from Al
bion. When, in 1900, the Duke of
The romancers who promoted the act in Congress
talked of the stewing millions in the city slums who
would rush for these irrigated lands and establish their
vine and fig tree thereon. So far there has been no
movement of that kind and none, organized or unorgan
ized, except the movement of the Mormons toward
every place where the United States is building a reser
voir or digging a ditch. The church once held Nevada,
but withdrew from the Washoe Valley and from Lincoln
County to the valley of the Rio Virgin because of the
cost of maintaining irrigation. Now the United States
is bearing the cost and toward the first region to # be ir
rigated in Churchill County the vanguard of a great
Mormon colony is moving. It is safe to say that in the
States and Territories where the Government is spend
ing thirty or forty millions on irrigation eight-tenths of
the land will go to the Mormons.
The church is never taken by surprise. It never
sleeps. When the first National Irrigation Congress
met in Salt Lake there were no Mormon delegates.
Most of the apostles were expiating religious lechery
in the Territorial penitentiary. The congress as an act
of grace and courtesy invited President Woodruff and
Apostle George Q. Cannon to address it and they ac
cepted. Witness the change since then. The last con
gress met at Ogden and was dominated by the Mor
mons. George Maxwell and Mr. Boothe found it neces
sary to make an alliance with them and the junction of
forces controlled the congress. The next meeting was
located by the open dictation of Apostle John Henry
Smith, and the church took charge of public opinion
and policy on irrigation so far as they are influenced by
the congress.
The romantic irrigators whose fancy saw eighty mil
lions of people dressed in purple and fine linen and far
ing sumptuously every day on the lands irrigated by the
Government did not take the trouble to think that to
get prompt occupancy of these lands organization and
urging are needed.
WHILE the husbandman slept the enemy sowed
tares. While the general public is sleeping off
its astonishment caused by the testimony in
Senator Smoot's case the Mormon church is reaching
far afield for political power. Its colonization scheme is
in the hands of the youngest of the twelve apostles, a
son of the late President Woodruff, who has all the
Yankee edge of his able father joined to a fanatical de
votion to polygamy and the political interests of the
church.
He is the son of one of a herd of wives acquired by
his father, and from the Mormon standpoint deserves
the religious honors that have come to him notwith
standing his youth. He is pushing colonization in Wy
oming, New Mexico and Arizona with great energy and
intelligence. The church is possessed of ample eapital.
Its annual receipts exceed those of the State of Utah and
it uses the money for the aggrandizement of Mormon
ism everywhere. In its colonization schemes in the arid
country the church treasury has been heavily drawn
upon to provide irrigation works. It was found that this
was so expensive that the hierarchy be"gan to flinch.
The first outlay was too much for the church nerve. But
its ambition to .control Wyoming, Idaho, the coming
States of New Mexico and Arizona, and to regain Ne
vada is not to be lightly given up.
In the dilemma disclosed by the cost of irrigation for
its colonies occurred one of those events that is re
garded by the church as miraculous. The Mormons be
lieve that Brigham Young had gulls created in midair to
destroy the grasshoppers that were devouring their
crops. They believe that the Lord hardened the Gen
tile heart of Buchanan to send Albert Sidney Johnston
into Utah with his force of regular troops to make a
market for their hay and grain, though it went there to
exterminate the church.
In the books of the faithful it will hereafter be written
that the sons of God were blessed in the preservation of
these ordinances by the act of the enemy, the Govern
ment of the United States, in providing at its cost the
means of watering the wilderness and the waste places
for the children of the Lord. The Federal irrigation act
will be applied almost wholly within the region that the
church covets. If the act had been entitled "An act to
provide the means for extending the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter-day Saints and to increase the political
power thereof." it would have exactly expressed the sit
uation.
from the south. North of the jetty there is deep enough
water to float the largest vessel. The channel does not
begin to shoal until it passes out beyond the shelter of
the jetty. Therefore it is supposed that when the jetty
has beeti extended far enough to shut off the drift of
sand from the south the entire problem will be solved;
that thereafter the Columbia River will gouge out the
channel and keep it free from obstructions.
Within the past three months the jetty has been ex
tended 4374 feet and the rock work has been done for
that distance. Congress will probably be asHced next
winter to appropriate $1,500,000, which will provide for
the completion of the south jetty. The plans of the en
gineers include the construction, also, of a north jetty,
but it is not likely that any appropriation will be asked
for that work at the next session of Congress, because
the necessity for its construction is still undetermined.
The cost of the entire enterprise, including the north
jetty, is estimated at $3,465,000, of which $2,260,000 is
for the extension of the south jetty. Since April more
than 100,000 tons of rock have been placed. A force of
225 men, ir engines and 100 cars is constantly employed
and will be engaged in the work until the weather pre
vents.
MORMON COLONIZATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor >...?>>?.. Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office - ~ .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY .....* JULY 19, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. .Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. - •
Mrs. Moody was seen at her residence
last night. When questioned relative
to the will and the bequests made
therein Mrs. Moody showed a decided
reluctance to discuss the subject §he
stated that she did not know anything
about the" will and did not care to know.
When asked if the disposal of her de
ceased kinswoman's property was In
a. measure satisfactory Mrs. Moody
evinced by her manner rather than by
her words that it was not. She re
peated that she did not know anything
about the will and did not want to
know.
Miss Warren, devisee of the bulk of
Miss Dolbeer's estate, could not be
seen yesterday afternoon. It was an
nounced that she was ill, the result of
exhaustion and mental strain. The
possibilities of a picturesque and bitter
contest are apparent. That it will soon
begin is admitted and it promises to go
down in the history of the local bar
listed with the big battles for fortunes
that have made famous the courts of
California.
"We have Just learned of the con
tents of the will of Miss Dolbeer
through the newspapers," said Watson,
"and aa we have not discussed the sit
uation in detail I cannot say what we
will do. We have not considered the
matter of a contest. We have not de
cided what action we will take."
Watson studiously avoided declaring
that his wife would not make a con
test. There Is apparent admission in
this omission.
inevitable battle over the estate be
gins. .
Twentieth— I give, devise "and bequeath to
Etta Marlon Warren of San Francisco, Cal
four hundred thonsand dollars ($400,000) In
value or Dolbeer &, Cartons Lumber Company's
stock at sar value.
Twenty-first— I cive, devise and bequeath to
"Etta Marlon Warren of- San Francisco, Cat
all the residue of my estate of every kind ajj'd
character of which I may die seized or
possessed and wheresoever situated after the
payment of the foregoing . legacies and expenses
of administration.
Twenty-wcund — If any of the persons to
whom epeciflc legacies are bequeathed in this
Eighteenth— I give, devise and bequeath to
the Florence Crittenden Home Association tor
Erring Women and Children of San Francisco
Cal., the sum of two thousad dollars ($2000).
Nineteenth — I *lve. devise and bequeath "to
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asjlum
Society of San Francisco, Cal., the eum of
two thousand dollars ($2000).
Fourteenth— I leave fifty thousand dollars
($50,000) for the purpose of erecting a mauso
leum en the plat I own at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery as soon as possible after my death.
Fifteenth— I give, devise and bequeath to the
Roys* and Girls' Aid Society of San Francisco,
Cal.. the sum of two thousand dollars ($2000).
Sixteenth— I irlve, devise and bequeath to
the California Woman's Hospital of San Fran
cisco, Cal., the sum of two thousand dollars
($2000).
Seventijentb— I give, devise and bequeath to
the Hospital for Children and Training School
for Nurses of San Francisco. Cal., the sum of
two thousand dollars ($2000).
MOXKY FOR MAUSOLEUM.
Thirteenth — I give, devise and bequeath to
Margaret H. Warren of San Francisco, Cal.,
the eum of twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,
000).
Tenth — I give, devlre and bequeath to Helen
I*. Wagaer of San Francisco. Cal., the eum of
five thousand flollara ($5000).
Elevf-nth— I give devise and bequeath to El
sie I. Chase of Holyoke. Mass., the sum of ten
thousand "dollars ($10,000).
Twelfth — I irlve. devise and bequeath to Wil
liam Carson Tyson of Alameda, Cal., the sum
of five thousand dollars ($5000).
Eighth — I give, devise and bequeath to Percy
J. Brown of Eureka, Cal., the sum of ten thou
sand dollars ($10,000).
Ninth — I give, devise and bequeath to Peter
Kyne of Ban Francisco. Cal., the sum of five
thousand dollars ($5000). .
Seventh — I give, devise and bequeath to Wil
liam G. Mugan of San Francisco, Cal., the Bum
of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000).
Fifth — I give, devise and bequeath to my
cousin, Ralph Chase of Berkeley, Cal., the gum
of ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
Fixth — I give, devise and bequeath to my
cousin. Ethel F. Roche of San Francisco, Cal.,
the Eum of ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
Fourth — I rive, devise and bequeath to my
cousin. Elizabeth C. Phillips of San Francisco
Cal., the eum of ten thousand dollars ($10 -
000).
Third — I give, devise and bequeath to mf
cousin, Ellen M. Hall of Epsom. New Hamp
shire, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars
($25,000).
First— I hereby revoke all wills and testa
mentary writings heretofore made by me. I
also declare that I have never been married.
Second — I give, devise and bequeath to mjr
devoted friend, Etta Marion "Warren of San
Francisco, Cal.. the sum of three hundred
thousand dollars ($300,000). I also give de
vise and bequeath to Etta Marion Warren my
bouse and lot Inherited by me from my father
and known as 2112 Pacific avenue, a:.d also all
my pictures, furniture, Jewelry, books, plat*
and ornaments.
as and for my last will and testament; that la
to say:
Charged With Assault.
Pedro Gestros was taken from the
dity and County Hospital yesterday
by the police and charged with assault
with a deadly weapon. Gestros had
a fight with a man on Pacific street
two weeks ago and both were injured.
His antagonist, being the least injured,
was charged at the time. Gestros has
been in the hospital since the en
counter, and was well enough "yester
day to go to Jail.
Detective Thomas Ryan says that
he will charge A h Sow » the Chinese
woman who. it is alleged, tried to
poison her husband a week ago to
day, with attempt to commit murder.
The police have endeavored to y get
Tong Ling, the husband, to prefer the
charge, but he persists in refusing.
Ryan will make the charge himself at
the solicitation of the District Attor
ney.
All Sow to Be Charged.
SPECIAL ADMINISTRATORS. — Matilda
Norman and Julius Finck, named In the will
of Eva Barbara Kramer as executors, yester
day petitioned the Superior Court for special
letters of administration upon her estate,
which Is worth $20,000 and consists chiefly of
realty.
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
Leaves Saturday. July 23; $28 50 round
trip. In one way and out another, around
the famous "double loop." Passes direct
ly through two groves of giant sequoias.
Special care for women and children.
You will get the best of everything on
the Santa Fe. A rare chance to visit the
famous valley. Inquire at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. ¦ •
TO YOSEMTTE VALLEY.
The Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors held a session
last night to consider the proposed
amendment to the charter relating to
the acquisition of public utilities by
the city and county of San Francisco.
The entire evening, however, waa con
sumed in attempting to fix a rate, of
taxation and evenly distribute It for
the payment of the running expenses
of the city government. At one time
the committee seemed likely to decide
on a rate of not less than 10 cents
on. $1 -for public improvements, not
less than 5 cents for the repair of
streets and buildings, and 85 cents to
be used for maintenance of the de
partments. Objection was raised to
this on .the ground that it would ar
bitrarily bind the disbursement, and
the discussion broke out afresh. The
committee adjourned without reach
ing a decision on the matter.
Unable to Decide on Percentage of
Taxation to Be Used for Specific
Ends.
FINANCE COMMITTEE
FAILS TO FIX RATE
Douglas Sloane Watson, husband of
Mrs. Mai Moody Watson, refused last
evening to discuss any probable action
his wife will take In an effort to share
the fortune of the testatrix. His silence
is taken aa evidence in support of the
belief that Mrs. Watson will be found
listed with the contestants when the
"I. did not have the time to investi
gate the matter to-day, but to-morrow
will do so. I will consult with my
brother, v who resides In San Francisco,
and it is very probable that we will
outline a plan of action. As yet I have
not conferred with Henry about the
will and, of course, cannot say just
what he intends to do other than that
he means to make a fight for recog
nition when the estate is finally di
vided. I had not seen Miss Dolbeer
for some time and am not in a position
to say anything concerning her mental
condition or attitude toward her uncles
prior to her death.
".WATSON IS RETICENT.
The two Schanders, uncles of the de
ceased, who, like Mrs. Moody, the first
mentioned heir at law, are not included
in decedent's will and It is. they that
threaten to precipitate the battle over
the estate. Adolph Schander, who re
sides at 1917 Schiller street, Alameda,
a brother of the late mother of Miss
Dolbeer, said last night:
"The first I knew of how Miss Dol
beer had disposed of her estate I
learned from reading a copy of her
will. It appears that she has be
queathed almost all of her 'estate to
strangers, who have not the same claim
to her property as near relatives have.
My brother, Henry Schander, has re
tained Attorney Hiram Johnson to con
test the will. If he did not take such
action I and other relatives would, as
I feel that we are entitled to share in
the estate.
Attorney E. S. Plllsbury filed Miss
Dolbeer's will and applications for let
ters of administration upon her estate
were presented by William G. Mugan
and George D. Gray. The will was
filed early in the day, but was immedi
ately taken by the attorney to a pho
tographer's, where a photographic copy
was made. The petitions for letters did
not go into the question of value of the
estate, merely stating formally that it
was worth more than 510,000. Mugan's
petition recited the fact that Miss Dol
beer died in New York on July 9, 1904,
at the age of 27 years and that she left
a holographic will bearing date of
April 23, 1904.
It was stated in the petition that the
heirs at law are Mrs. Joseph L. Moody,
an aunt, residing in San Francisco;
Henry Schander, an uncle, residing at
Sacramento, and Adolph Schander, an
uncle, residing at Alameda. The lega
tees and devisees are set forth as they
appear in the will.
UNCLES WILL CONTEST.*
It is whispered that Milton Latham
was the man who held the key to her
heart. It is even said that an under
standing existed between him and Miss
Dolbeer to wed on her return. But if
the tale is true, the will bears no evi
dence of it.
Much astonishment has been ex
pressed that Miss Helen Wagner re
ceived so small a bequest, as it was
known that she was well beloved by
the heiress, who was not a maiden to
create friendships on an impulse. Her
friendships were real entities— and they
lived.
ASTONISHMENT EXPRESSED.
Twenty-lourth — Should the death of Etta
MarlOD Warren occur before my own death,
all th* legacies bequeathed to her, with the
exception of my house, mentioned in. paragraph
twenty-third, shall lapse and become a part of
the residue of my estate; such "residue. In the
event of the death of said Etta Marion "War
ren occurring before my own death, I give,
devise and bequeath as follows: One-half (%) of
such residue to William Wilson Carson of San
Francisco, son of William Carson of Eureka,
Cal. ; oae-fourth (Vi) of such residue to Wil
liam G. Mugan of San Francisco, Cal: one
eighth (Vt) of such residue to Elsie I. Chase
of Jiolyoke. Mass.. and one-eighth (V»> of such
residue to Ellen M. Hall of Epsom, N. H.
Twenty-fifth — I hereby nominate and appoint
George D. Gray and "William G. Mugan of San
Francisco, Cal.. to be the executors of this,
my last will and testament: and I further di
rect and request that no bonds or undertakings
of any kind be required of them as such ex
ecutors. In the event of the death of either
of said above named persons before the close
of the administration of my estate, I nominate
and appoint the Mercantile Trust Company of
San Francisco to act as coexecutor with the
survivor of the above named persona, and In
the event of the death of both of said persons
above named before the close of the administra
tion of my estate, the said Mercantile Trust
Company shall act as my sole executor. And
I hereby grfct unto and bestow upon my said
executors full and complete rower to sell any
and all of my property of which X may die
seized or possessed without any order of the
court, but all such sales shall be confirmed by
the court having jurisdiction of my estate.
Slgiied: BERTHA M. DOLBEER.
April 23. 1&04. *' •
PROVIDES FOR CONTINGENCY.
will shall die before my own death, such
legacies to such deceased persons shall lapse,
and the amount of such legacies shall become
a part of the residue of my estate, to be be
queathed In accordance with the provisions of
paragraph twenty-first above contained.
Twenty-third — Should the death of Etta
Marion Warren occur before my own death, I
give, devise and bequeath my house and lot
known as 2112 Pacific avenue, with all my
pictures, furniture. Jewelry, books, plate and
ornament?, to Mai Moody "Watson, wife of
Douglas SIoar.e "Watson.
T, Btrtha Marion Dolbeer of th« dtr and
county of Fan Francisco. State of California,
njiMtaf therein, being of sound and disposing
minfi. do hereby inalie, publish and^declare thi«
And — contrary to a current story.
Miss Warren was the acknowledged
author of what little mirth found
lodgment in the Dolbeer home, urg
ing the heiress to entertain, to invite
congenial men to dine, to do the vari
ous things that normal girls k>ve to
do — thus putting to rout the ugly tale
of hypnotism, suppression of friend
ships and the breaking off of affection
ate relations with men for whom the
heiress expressed a preference.
As to Mrs. Moody and her daugh
ters. Miss Dolbeer always maintained
pleasant relations, although it is said
that John Dolbeer was not on speak
ing terms with them when he passed
awaj- — and this fact may have been
weighed in the girl's mind, when re
disposing of her father's money. She
may have remembered his bitterness
toward the relatives of his deceased
¦wiJe, as weighed against his fondness
for the Warrens, who, though unre
lated, had been famous friends for
years. And, indeed, it was the elder
Miss Warren who became Bertha's
governess when the little brown-eyed
maid was bereft of her mother. And
on the death of her governess, a few
year later. Miss Etta Warren became
the companion to the lonely girl — this
fifteen years ago.
And thus is there a logical, if un
usual, current underlying the wilL
Whether the document will stand as
the young: woman wished it to remains
to be seen. There are those that think
it will euffer the ignominy of a bad
blow. The testament is as follows:
WILL OF DECEASED.
FALSK STORY DISPROVED.
This unusual arrangement— strange
as it teems on the surface — is not In
compatible, however, with the attitude
maintained by Miss Dolbeer toward
the people who made up her life. She
loved Miss Warren, who gruided the girl
as a tender mother, watchful for her
pleasures, heedful of her sorrows, and
the confidante of her hopes and fears.
And when the fears began to crowd
out the hopes from the poor girl's
brain, it was Miss Warren who stood
by to cheer her waning spirits.
The dread story of the tragedy will
be retold in the courts of California
and here will be recited the tale of
the trials that became too great for
this young woman to bear.
The last will and testament of this
unfortunate woman, filed yesterday,
tells a strange tale — the giving of a
fortune to Miss Etta Marion Warren, in
whose veins flows no drop of Dolbeer
blood, and when, almost within shadow
of her home, lives an aunt. Mrs. J. L.
Moody, and her two daughters, Mrs.
Douglas Sloane Watson and Mrs. Ray
mond Sherman, only one of whom is
mentioned in the will, and that only
as a contingent legatee. As the con
tingency has been defeated by the
early death of the testatrix none of
the heirs at law will share in the estate
unless the will is broken.
Around about the estate that pretty
Bertha 3>I. Dolbeer left when sh«
leaped to death from the "Waldorf-
Astoria, New York, are gathering her
<Jevipe< s and lojratees and heirs at law
to battle for riches that held no charm
for her.
Etta Marion Warren Named
as Devisee of Bulk of Es
tato. and Aunt, Uncles and
Cousins Are Forgotten
Somewhere In the wooded heights
of Montana, the police believe at
Hamilton, Benjamin F. Germain, of
the blood of the fatherland, is rusti
cating. A warrant was issued yester
day for his arrest on a charge of big
amy and if the detectives of the wild
mining: State can lay hands on him
the tan of the mountains will fade in
the gloom of the prison.
On May 17 last at Santa Barbara,
so Attorney C. M. Jennings of 214
Pine street, who swore to the war
rant, told the police yesterday, Ger
main wedded Virginia H. Barker,
keeper of a small but profitable com
mercial establishment in the city
named. One thing: he neglected to do,
and that was to inform his bride that
she was his second wife; that the first
was living in Eureka, Humboldt
County, and that no decree of divorce
had separated them.
Not content with this oversight, it
is alleged, Germain caused the sec
ond Mrs. Germain to sell her store In
Santa Barbara and dispose of property
in Oakland at a sacrifice. "With the
proceeds of these transactions, it is
averred, they set out on their honey
moon trip to Seattle. There Germain
is said to have secured $300 from his
bride, all she possessed, and fled to
Montana.
Astounded at his conduct, Mrs. Ger
main the seccmd Instituted an investi
gation and found that she was not a
legal wife; that the man that married
her was a bigamist, she his confiding
victim. Communicating with friends,
she secured sufficient funds to return
to this city, where she placed the facts
before her attorney. The police now
have the case in charge, with pros
pects of an interesting series of epi
sodes in the career of Benjamin F.
Germain.
After giving her valuable services
as general secretary to the Occidental
Board of the Presbyterian church for
fifteen years, Mrs. L. A. Kelley has
resigned the position and j was yester
day elected a vice president of the
organization.
The usual weekly meeting of the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association
was held yesterday at Presbyterian
House, Sacramento street. A paper
on "The Friendless" was read, and an
able plea for unfortunate humanity
made by the Rev. Edward A. Freden
hagen. The same clergyman also
spoke before the Congregational Min
isters' Association.
Religion energized and applied is the great
est uplifting power known among the ethical
and sociological Influences of modern lit*. Re
ligion Is to the modern malaria of a city what
sunshine is to the poisonous mists of marshes.
Religion -Is more than an emotional, spiritual
matter. It is also a cold-blooded civic propo
sition, based upon vital principles that count
for good citizenship. \
These are some of the conditions among
workingmen to-day. My words, however, but
faintly describe their condition or their atti
tude toward the church, the members of which
they generally characterize as "kid-glove
aristocracy" and "pusillanimous skinflints."
Men misjudee the church because they do
not know it. Much of the preaching of to-day
Is too far h«avenword for the worklngman;
the high-flown music, with passages which
display the skill of trained choirs and pro
fessional singers, does not appeal to the aver
age worklngman. The only Interest displayed
by thlB cla*a of men ia in the way of amuse
ment, as they watch the leader practice
dclsarte as he cuts the air with his baton.
In the matter of remedy, we ought to ' re
member that in trying to help men it can
best be done by replacing the things they
ought not to have with things they may have
In order that they may work out their own.
salvation and upbuilding. It would seem suf
ficiently clear that our methods have been
sadly derlcli-nt. In this country the masses
are the sources of power. We are concerned
not with aristocracies but with the people, and
when we say the people rule that to -ans that
mere numbers rule. . (V
Fraternal organizations have their part also
In the estrangement of workingmen from the
church of Christ. Many proudly assert that the
religion of their order is good enough for them.
The saloon Is the greatest enemy of the
church. It Is here that labor problems are
talked over and political schemes hatched out.
Recently in Union Square, New York City,
one of the foremost representatives of organ
ized labor In the United States, a man of na
tional reputation, poured out a lava stream
of vituperation against the church and its min
isters, both Protestant and Roman Catholic.
The Younar Men's Christian Association was
called "tbat scab institution," and Cooper's
Institute v.-aa said to do more grood In * week
than all the New York churches In a year.
And a certain New York dally paper, It was
d-sclared, "represented the spirit of true
brotherhood more in a single Issue than the
Christian ministers, parasites of society, could
do In an ata with their hired mouthing*."
These utterances were lustily cheered by the
large crowd of worklnjrmen.
In conversation with the workingmen I have
learned much regarding their grievances and
their prejudices. They do not appreciate the
fact that those outside of their own ranks who
are seeking to make secure the rights of labor
are Christian men and clergymen.
Hand In hand with the labor unions go the
labor organs. Th*se papers and magazines
come even closer to the- lives of workingmen
than the dally press. All who have read these
sheets will appreciate their vindlctlveneas,
selfishness and narrowness without further
comment.
This is a day of unions, from the bootblack
up. Every union has a stated time for Its
meetings, which are usually held on Sunday,
and In these meetings Ions pent-up feelings
are Kiven vent and voice.
It U here that the members declare that
capital must be crushed and that the employer
of labor la the hard taskmaster. It Is hero
that the sentiment Is created and fostered that
th- church is allied to capital.
"To-day the newspapers have more
to do with molding the thought of
workingmen than perhaps all other
influences combined," declared the
Rev. N. A. Kling of Oakland, yester
day morning, at a meeting 1 of the
Methodist Ministers' Association, at
Epworth Hall. Mr. Kling said in part:
SAN BERNARDINO. July 18.— The
lOryear-old son of Pedro Chavez, the
man who was brutally killed at Colton
last night by Clato Avila, played a
brave part in the defense of his father.
The murderer attempted to kill his
youthful assailant but fortunately the
boy escaped uninjured.
Avila sneaked up on his victim, who
was returning from a dance, and put
the pistol point blank to the side of
Chavez" head and fired a 41-caliber bul
let through his brain. Then he stopped
to slash at the wife of Chavez, but
the child had taken a hand in the fight
and was busily pelting the murderer
with stones, hitting the mark not a
few times. The enraged man fired
again, but the little fellow dodging
about escaped unhurt, hurling stones
whenever he could.
'Avila fled when people, attracted by
the fusillade, began to arrive, and the
boy was found squatting by the side of
his dead father.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"In years past it has been customary
for the Mayor of the city to be called
upon to confer degrees upon the grad
uating class of nurses. In the two years
just past, for reasons best known to
themselves, the former Board of Health
put that part of the programme to one
Fide. It is, therefore, the first time
since my induction into office, two
years ago. that I have had the pleasure
of conferring degrees upon the gradu
ating class of nurses. I assure you that
it is with pride that I avail myself
of this privilege."
The Mayor dwelt on the fact that the
nurses would make the best house
wives by reason of their excellent
training. He also commended the
Board of Health for its deep interest
in the training school.
When the diplomas had been distrib
uted, Dr. Ward called attention to the
fact that Miss Marie Ross and Miss
Maud Bristow had volunteered to care
for a patient who waa suffering from
a dread disease. He called public at
tention to the great heroism they show
ed and publicly thanked them for their
services. In order that their act might
be fittingly appreciated handsome
presents were given them. Dr. Ward's
testimony to the brave young women
brought blushes to their cheeks and
they accepted the gifts with becoming
modesty.
Rev. P. Casey, chaplain at the hos
pital, delivered the Invocation and after
a selection by the Elks' quartet Dr. T.
W. Huntington was introduced and
delivered an address that was filled
with kind thoughts and* sound advice.
He paid a high tribute to trained
nurses, who he said were heroines
and who received less commendation
for good deeds performed than any
other class. He appealed to the nurses
to be truthful, conscientious, painstak
ing and intelligent in their work.
Previous to conferring the diplomas,
Mayor Schmitz said in part:
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz presented
the diplomas and as each graduate
stepped on the platform to receive the
coveted sheepskin she was rewarded
with applause. Francis Graham was
the lone man in the company and his
appearance on the platform waa the
signal for hearty approval. Each grad
uate received the school badge, which
was pinned on by Dr. F. H. Zumwalt.
In opening the exercises, Dr. James
W. Ward, president of the Board of
Health, expressed his gratification in
being able to congratulate the nurses
on the eve of their entering upon their
life's work. He pictured their impor
tant duties and told what nurses have
accomplished. He told what the Board
of Health had done and was doing to
improve the system In vogue at the
City and County Hospital and express
ed the hope that the graduates would
maintain a high standard in their
work.
Pretty nurses, garbed In the white
costumes of their profession, were the
center of attraction in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel last evening. The
occasion was the annual commence
ment exercises of the San Francisco
Training School for Nurses at the City
and County Hospital, tfhe graduating
class consisted of Rachael Allemand,
Madge Cess ford, Agnes Crowley, Mary
Irene Dc-yle, Ella Emerson, Amelia
Esteva, Hilda Fried, Bessie Green,
Anna Geary, Johanna Gau, Francis
Graham, Lillian Lodge, Stella McDon
ald, Geneva S. Orcutt, Barbara Par
£ons, Alexander Postley, Marie Ross,
Clara^ Smith, Dora A. Tucker, Julia
Tesroau, Elma Witt and Louise
Schmits. '
BULK OF FORTUNE
GOES TO A FRIEND
Report Says He Victimized
Her and Is Secreting Him
self in Heart of Montana
Blames .Organizations for
the Non- Attendance of
W age Earners at Worship
Pathetic Feature Adds to
the Sadness of Crime Com
mitted in Town of Colton
Doctors Ward and Hunting
ton Pay Tributes to Those
Who Care for the Sick
SECOND WIFE COMPLAINS
GOOD WORK APPROVED
MAKES BRAVE ATTACK
ENEMIES OF THE CHURCH
Benjamin Germain Must An
swer to Charge of Bigamy
if He Can Be Discovered
Rev. Ts T . Kling Sees Selfish
ness and Yindictiveness
in Workingman's Journals
Ten- Year-Old Boy Throws
Stones at Man Who Is
Murdering His Parent
Graduates of San Francisco
Training School Receive
Parchments From Mayor
SLEUTHS WANT
HIDING REFUGEE
Heirs of Bertha 3Iarion Dol
beer Prepare to Contest
Her Last Will and Testa
ment in Local Courts
LITIGATION
SEQUEL OF
A TRAGEDY
LABOR PAPERS
ARE ARRAIGNED
LITTLE CHILD
DEFENDS SIRE
MANY NURSES
WIN DIPLOMAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
9
; AMUSEMENTS.
MR. This Week Only.
I 1 ¦ | f- rt M»tiae« Saturday.
I A M h V The « re *t e »t Hit of
JMlNLO th « Season.
NEW THE COWBOY
„#©, AND THE LADY
rcext Sunday Matinee— A GENTLEMAN
OB" FRANCE.
Special Summer Prices— 15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat in Orcheatra. BOc
Vaudeville's Zenith!
Rose Coghlan & Co.;
Julian Bose; The Mysterious Sandra I
Musical Kleist; X.e Soy and Claytoni
EsteUe and Baoett* D'AxrUla; Cua-
nlayham and Smith, and Barry Sea-
tack.
Regular matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c. 23«
and 50c
Cmntng CT* T *' 1 *' MT O'TT.
-.CALIFORNIA-.
1 1 ALIi THIS WZSX. |\
j I MATINEE 8ATURDAT. fl
H ir — — ¦ l.f
Fl liin Special S«aaon of Melodrama f\
H IUU by the ELMER WALTER3 I]
el = COMPANY. Presenting the II
II Phenomenal Success, fl
I 25c A THOROUGHBRED W
j -^TRAMP i|
H p« Sunday — JCST STRUCK f-i
i! DP TOWN. k\
fi MUU Commeneinr with Sunday «*
1 I I M*tla*e. fl
\ | COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. [ |]
THE TOBTNS, BRANDOW ASS WXXiST
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening 1 la tie Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MIHIATUBE ELECTE1C RAH.BOAD.
TWO YOUNG I.EOPARJDS 121 THE ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE La. MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
. ¦ AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN ««,
.When Pbonins Ask for "The Chutes."
AMUSEMENTS.
I I VU LI HOUSE.
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Promenade Circle 3d Floor, Smokers' Para-
dise. Elevator Always Running.
DflQIEll last a weeks !
fff I 3 I 5 ! I llS of the Superb
nUDIIi 1 oa 5saSr.|
piin HOOD
Beanty Chora* IIWW
Usual Tlvoll Price*— 23c. 60c. 73c.
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
A T r A 7 4 D Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR smsst
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— AU. "WEEK.
MATINEES THUR8. AND SATS.
Evft., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. ft Sat., 25c to 80a
\A/HITTJE | And th» Alcazar Stocfc Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In Anthony Hope's Famous Romance,
1 THE PRISONER OF ZENDA
! Magnificent Production — Great Cast.
Mon.. July 25 — MR. WHITTLESET In
"RUPERT OF HENTZAU." Sequel to "Th«
Prisoner of Zenda." .-.:.¦
Market st., near Eighth. Phone Sooth 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Massive Production of the Great Irish His-
torical Drama.
..ROBERT EMMELl
Herschel Mayall In the Tale Role.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Irish Music, Vocal and Instrumental.
Jigs and Reels by the Champion Gaelic
Dancers of America. "
PPIfCC Evenings 10a to 60c
IJIIVCO Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Next— GATES OF JUSTICE.
' Seccnd week and could run ten.
"A Lucky Stone"
By Coliln Davis and Frank Wltmark.
Tremendously and Cleverly funny.
With the real "All Star" cast:
DOROTHY MORTON. -I
NORA BATES,
RICE & CADY (German Comedians).
BOBBY NORTH (Hebrew Comedian)
EDWIN CLARK, . ""'
BEN DILLON.
GARRITY SISTERS.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
S^me popular prices.
Keep your eye on the next— "THE WHIRL
OF THE TOWN."
_ OBAPE-HTTTS.
Be Wise
10 nAY<s
Iv/ LJ C\ 1 O
When the food fails to keep
you well
Change
for sickness is a cry of Nature
for the right elements to
build and rebuild the body
A io days' change from the old
diet to a new works wonders if
skillfully selected. Try
A Little Fruit,
'A Saucer of GRAPE-NUTS ijid
Cream,
A Piece of very Hard Toast.
A Cup of well-made POSTUM COF,-
Nothing. more for breakfast.
At midday the same and add
2 soft-boiled eggs.
Then eat a meat and vegetable
dinner at night Such a change
will work some surprising results I
for health.
"There's a Reason."
World 1 . F»Jr exhibit. Space 103, Agricultural
EUllCiCfT'
ADYERTTSEtfEXTS.
A FATAL ERROR.
A man steps into your office, draws up
his chair, and talks right Into your face.
His breath is offensive. Your only thought is
how to get rid of him and his business. You
cut him short with, " I am not interested."
SOZODONT
is essential to one whose breath is not purs
and sweet. Penetrating the little crevices,
tt deodorizes, sweetens and purifies them,
and makes you feel genteel and clean-cut
3 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER PASTE.
Palace dont " fail to
lUiaWW Ke the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
ailu room . EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
f -#ut i PALM ROOM, the
tiniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
uicui** LOR and LA
U^lfA* DIES ' WRITING
ilotels room- I
AMUSEMENTS.
asS^SS- DOUBLE BILL
CHARLES FROHMAN presents
BARRYMORE
In Hubert Henry Da vies" comedy,
COUSIN KATE
Followed by the one-act "Study,"
CARKOTS
Note — Curtain will rise at 8:15 sharp.
. Beginning next 'Monday, July 25,
CHARLES FROHMAN presents .
HENRY MILLER
and hla company in Madeleine Lucette Ryley's
London and New York Success,
: MICE AND MZSXr.
Advance sal.o ol boxes and seats begins Thura.
_^^^^^^^^ADVERTISE3IEyTS.
fgfff •/,•' * •k. ••."•']?;/•* J ™ '*> -'I-Efrvr, '•¦J'tv. •I'.Z'-'-'-l fi*T? *• I •'¦?
ii Si'"o '$» ,. i* #•'•*£" £ 'hAx&?' £"* /•** **'' V 1
I-/ SrSz. I • </> • » f. ... £ ?'<"&*?£ '"$? * ?:-^ VI
h f vssjrt.-, t~_ *p* •^••.'•V +¦)! '* •>¦ •* ¦ r -wt
I Mrs." Hughson," of Chicago, whose f
letter follows, is another woman in high
position who owes her health to the use of
Lydia R Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I suffered for several years "with general
"weakness and bearing-down pains, caused by womb trouble, ily appe-
tite was fitful, and I would lie awake for hours, and could not sleep,
until I seemed more weary in the morning than when I retired. After
reading one of your advertisements I decided to try the merits of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I am so glad I did. Ko one
can describe the good it did me. I took three bottles faithfully, and
besides building up my general health, it drove all disease and poison
out of my body, and made me feel as spry and active as a young girl
Mrs. Pinkham'8 medicines are certainly all they are claimed to be." —
Mbs. M. E. Huqhson*, 347 East Ohio St, Chicago, I1L
Mrs. Pinkham Tells How Ordinary Tasks Produce Displacements.
Apparently trifling 1 incidents in woman's daily life frequently produce
displacements of the womb. A slip on the stairs, lifting during menstruation,
standing at a counter, running a sewing machine, or attending to the most
ordinary tasks may result in displacement, and a train of serious evils is started.
The first indication of such trouble should be the signal for quick action.
Don't. let the condition become chronic through neglect or a mistaken idea
that you can overcome it by exercise or leaving it alone. :
More than a million women have regained health by^the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
If the slightest trouble appears which yon do not understand
¦write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., for her advice, and a few-
timely words from her will show you the right thin? to do. This
advice costs you nothing, but it may mean life or happiness or both*
jjj^!^_ Mrs. Lelah Stowell, 177 Wellington
: St.. Kingston, Ont.. writes: 4|
l^^^^^^^pk " "Dear JJbs. Pi>-xham: — You are indeed a
godsend to women, and if they all knew what
v^. t— i xs^Mk vou could do for them, there would be no need
VBw 5*9 °* ti^ir dragging out miserable lives in agony, t
• fc ry Vjfcf " I suffered for years with bearing-down pains,
l^ji > a " V70mD trouble, nervousness, and excruciating head-
§|||L^"* & ache, but a few bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Pglfgfo, - Vegetable Compound made life look
JK^EJI&L^^r new and promising to me. Iamli^htand
I4^_ \4 ?x&i J&\ \ na PP v j anc *- * d° nofc now what sickness
L^iw^Ka \ I is, and I now enjoy the best of health."
!^\ lllw"*^ ™ Lydia E. Pinkham's Yegetablo
I w " ' Compound can always be relied upon to restore
health to women who thus suffer. It is a sovereign cure for
the worst forms of female complaints, — that bearing-down feeling, weak
back, falling and displacement of the womb, inflammation of the ovaries, and
all troubles of the uterus or womb. It dissolves and expels tumors from the
uterus in the early stage of development, and checks any tendency to cancer*
ous humors. It subdues excitability, nervous prostration, and tones up the
entire female system. Its record of cures is the greatest in the world, and
should be relied upon with confidence. |
0 1" ft n n FO R F E IT W w» cannot fortirsrltti prodaee the origin*! Uttera and slgaAtvrw at
¦\ 1 1 1 1 1 *&<>?• t«tiiaonl*l» t vhich Till pror« their ab«olnt« jroncln«new. a
tPUVVU I^dUK.PtokhMaM^Uela.O^.Ijaa.iiM.. .HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
First race — Flying Ship, Waina
molnen, Sweetie. •
Second race — Geranium, Redman,
Dragoon.
Third race — Crestfallen, Frivol, St.
Hera.
Fourth race — Flaxman, The Mist,
Queen Esther.
Fifth race — O'Hagen, Handley Cross,
Scotsman.
Sixth race — John Smulsld, Mum,
Albert Fir.
ENTRIES AT HAWTHORNE.
CHICAGO, July 18. — The following
are the entries for the races at Haw
thorne to-morrow:
First race, one mile-^Sweetie 89, Dobrcuck
97. Ethylene 99. Emily Oliver 99, Ahola 102,
Ethel Wheat 104, Walnamoinen 101, Flying
Ship 107. Gracious 109.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Seven
Oaks 90. Watermelon 98. Geranium 100, Red
man 10U, Circulator 101, Lady Ik lair 101. Vol
ney 101 Singing Master 103, Baywood 105,
Dragoon 105, Atlantlco 106, Blue Darter 110.
Third race, one mile and seventy yard*,
selling— Frivol 100, Federal 102. St. Hera 102
Gloriosa 102. Mezzo 103. Evelyn Klnsey 103,
Celebration 103. Crestfallen 113.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Queen Esther 102
Jane:a 102 Waddell II 105, Flaxman 113. The
Mist 114.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Maud Muller 98. Scotsman 100, Bill Mas-
Bie 102, O'Hagen 102, Annu 105, Firing Line
105, Handley Cross 107.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Rain
witch 1C5. Mary Eleanor 105, Blanche S 105
Effle M 105. Angler 108, Before 108, J B
Smith 10S. Pirelia 110. Mum 110 Albert Fir
.113, Costigan 113. Blue Bird 118, El Otros
118, John Smulski U8. (Smith and Pirelia,
Miller's entry.)
Weather clear; track fast.
.First race, «Ix furlongs, handicap — James V
11», Ascension 115, Roehampton 106, Gay Boy
130 Honiton 114, Major Pelbam 114, Ancestor
112i Cloten 110, Cinquevalli 102, Orly II 103,
Monster 104, Stalwart 109, Monte Carlo 08,
Fickle 97. Go Between 110, Wizard 07.
Second race, five and a half furlongs —
Glenecho 109, Renault 107. Roundelay 107. Jim
Beattie 107. Hawthey 107. Sweet Lillian MM,
Jerusha 104, Agnes Virginia 104, Meadow
Horn 104, Captain Sam 102, Tarpon 102, Perry
McAdow 102. Pacettl v 102. Gotowln 99, Ida
Stack 99, Miller's Daughter 09.
Third race, one and an eighth mllee, handi
cap — Hurst Park 130. Dalesman 111, Spring 107.
Lord Badge 106, Palmbearer 99, Stamping
Ground 07, Monster 95. Hatchet 03, Sonoma
Belle 03. Pat's Choice 92, Lord Melbourne 87.
(Hurst Park and Dalesman, Corbett entry.) -
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, the
Sunshine stakes — St. Bellane 127, Austin Allen
112, Buttling 112, Derry 112, Martha Gorman
109. Paeadena 107 Wood Saw 107, Cairngorm
107. Ascot Belle 104, Salt and Pepper 104..
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Xlc
Longworth 111. Sentry 111, Falmouth 108,
Mabon 108, Dan Connors 104. Allan Dauphan
103, Flexion 105. Chattah 89, Prince Salm
Salm 99; Ailea 99, Conceit 94, Rcmlttal 94,
Black Socks 100, Mary "Worth 106, Hacken-
Eack 106.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Hurst
Park 12G, Cloverland 114, Prince of Arrogan
1C8, Prince Chlng 108, The Cricket 103, Grace
ful 101, Stone Arabia 99, Dinah Shad 97. Hy
drangea . 97.
Weather clear; track drying.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 18. — The follow
ing are the entries for to-morrow's
races:
First race— Ascension, James V,
Cinqucvalli. . -
Second race— Perry McAdow.* Tar
poon, Jcnisha.
Third race — Dalesman, Monster,
Palmbearcr.
Fourth race— Martha Gorman, St.
Bellanc, Ascot Belle. ; .
Fifth race — Prince Salnisalm, Ailsa,
Mary Worth.
Sixth race — The Cricket, Graceful,
Hurst Park.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, July 18.— John Flana
gan of the Greater New York Irish
Athletic Association, the American
champion in throwing the flfty-six
pound weight, has made a new world's
record in hurling the missile, with "un
limited run and follow." His distance
was 40 feet 2 inches, or twenty-one
inches better than, the old record.*
New York Athlete Throws 56-Pound
Hnrnmer 40 Feet 2 Inches.
NEW WORLDS RECORD.
Third race, seven furlongs — Tom Hawk won,
Upper Cut second, Mordente third. Time, 1:30.
Fourth ,• race, one mile — Nanon won. North
Pole second. Cinnabar third.: Time.'. 1:4314.'-
Fifth race, six furlongs — Flourish won. "Albe
marle second,- Educated third/ Time, .1:16.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Sol Llchtenstein
won, Arthur. Ray, second. Baldo> third. Time,
l:30tv»;: - ; _, ;',-.-; ..- •.-- : ¦" • ¦¦ ¦-„¦,,*¦
Second race, six furlongs — Maxtress won,
Dusty Miller second Frivolous third." Time,
1:10,
Purse Winners at Seattle.
SEATTLE, July 18.— Summary: •
First race, five furlongs — Harka won. Bee
Rosewater- second, Tom Fox third. Time.
l:U.-JVi:
The leper settlement is coi ducted i n
the lines of a very ltrge and scattered
village of private cottages for thosa
physically unable to maintain them.
These cottages number 450. There ara
hospitals for the helpless, and boys*
and girls' homes, churches, schcola
and means of entertainment are pro
vided. Athletic sports are common.
Every possible means is used to re
move the feeling arising: from re
straint. Medical attendance is con
stant. Men and women belonging to
religious orders devote themselves to
the care of these unfortunates. Every
provision for support and comfort is
made free of cost. No service is rp
quired of those able to work. Those
working receive suitable money re
muneration.
Deputy Health Officer Levy said last
night:
This matter recalls our own leper colonT.
Our city and South Carolina have th« only
two leper colonies in the United States. la
the Leper Hospital of this city, which is lo
cated on the outskirts, are twenty-five in
mates. Of this number fifteen are Chinese, ths
rest Including four women, white and brown,
and five white men anil on« boy. who hali*
from Tahiti. The place has been converted
Into a paradise by Supt- rlntendent Farrell. H-*
secured plants from jhe Park Commissioner*
and interested the inmates in cultivating
flowers Where at one time waa barren soil
filled with refuse, are now blooms of overy
description. Farrell has forced ihm Inmates to
keep the place in a good state of .sanitation.
He has whitewashed and painted the walls of
the institution until It now ranks with th*
best kept hospitals In the State. Although
leproey Is not contagious, visitors do not call
there, as the hospital adjoins the Smallpox
Hospital.
. In the last budget th* Board of Supervisors
allowed ${HiCO to run the Institution for on*
year. This 1» for salaries and maintenance.
The sum is much too small and the Board
of Health has to be economical. Ths inmate*
live as a happy family. The .Chinese keep trv
gether and take pride in their quar
ters. The fences are low and sometimes ih<»
Chines* take a notion to scale them and « ¦»
into Chinatown for things they need. They
are usually caught by tha alert superintendent
and disciplined.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy is
in receipt of a communication from tha
Board of Health of the Territory of
Hawaii, requesting that the San Fran
cisco Board of Health do what it can
toward obtaining Government aid for
the scientific study and treatment of
leprosy and toward the adjustment of
the financial arrangements of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii with the Federal
treasury, so that humanitarian obliga
tions of Hawaii may be properly car
ried on without the present undu»
strain.
The communication further says tho
statistics of 1900 show the following
numbers and nationalities affected:
Hawaiians. 951; Portuguese, 10; Eng
lish, German, etc., 10; Americans, 5; ne
groes, Malay, etc., 4; Chinese, S4; total,
1014.
The letter adds that the lepers ar«
segregated on the island of Molokat.
on a sea girt peninsula, containing
6348 acres of extraordinary scenic
beauty and shut out from communica
tion with the outrr world by practic
ally impassable perpendicular cliffs
ranging from 2000 to 4000 fe«t high.
Communication by sea is under the vx
clusive control of the Territorial Gov-«
eminent.
A sour religion never improves with
age.
Russia's Mixed Population.
The Russian population is perhaps
the most mixed of all nations, and 14
made up in large measure of con-»
quered peoples Who still remerabej
their overthrow with bitterness. Prob-«
ably not far from one-third of thai
•whole — from forty to fifty millions
are true Muscovites.
Around the central Muscovites ara
grouped Lapps. Finns. Germans,
Lithuanians, Poles, Little Russians,
Ruthenians, Roumanians. Greeks,
Georgians and Tartars, with Jews antf
Gypsies scattered through the south
"and west. These are all in European
Russia, and this is nothing to the med
ley in Asiatic Russia, where there is
an almost endless Variety of races.
Each of the races mentioned speaks a
different tongue, and there are at least
six different religions among them,
without counting sectaries, such as the
Doukhobors.
Bitter political hatred of Russia
burns fiercely among the Finns, Poles
and Armenians, while symptoms of ac
tive revolt are reported among: Geoi>«
gians and Turcomans along the Asi
atic frontier.— Booklovers Magazine.
ST. LOUIS, July 18. — The following
are the entries for the races at the
Fair Grounds to-morrow:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling-
Stella M 106. Like Me 103. Opinion 101. Ue
'neva Lee 10O, Lady Lou U5, -Anisquam 95,
Mary Maud 1»5, Fay Sharp 95, Hello Girl 95.
Algetha 93, Bounding Ship 90, Annabelle Lee 90.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Harfang
112, Turrando 109, Potter 109. Tottenham lOtf,
King's Charm 106, Simon Kent 104, Baggerly
104, Mohave 104, Berry Hughes 103. Burrows
100. Thfi Hebrew 100. Yellmantown 88. Rapport
98. Bountiful 95. -»
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Red
Leaf 112 Milton Young 108, Woodlands 108.
King's Trophy 103. Hadrian 103. Garrett Wil-
Bon 103. Monaco Maid ICO, Major Outlook 1Q9,
Fay Templeton 100, Princess Orna 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Elastic
124, Operator 116. Frank Bell 114, Ice Water
112, Floral Wreath 105, Rebo 104, Folies Ber
geres 96, Otto Stifel 93, Selected 86.
Fifth race, one mile — Boaster 108, Thane 105,
Mindora 104, . King Rose 103, Glennevis 102,
Byron Rose 101, Conundrum 101. Miss Mae
Day 99, Light Opera 99. Imboden 92, Ascot 89,
Bomblno 89. ¦ ?
Sixth race, one mile and three furlongs, sell
ing — Caithness 100, Admettus 100, Edgardo 100,
Dr. Hart CO, Harry K 99. Little Corker 97,
Nettie Regent 97, George Vivian 05. Goo Goo
95. Zella Knight 93. Misa Bon 91, Murmur 91.
Weather clear; track fast.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
First race — Lady Lou, Fay Sharp,
Annisquam.
Second race— Potter, Mohave, Bag
gerly.
Third rac« — Red Leaf, Woodlands,
Princess Orna.
Fourth race— Ice Water, Frank Bell,
Elastic. /
Fifth race— Miss Mae Day, Light
Opera, Glennevis.
Sixth race — Nettie Regent, Murmur,
Caithness.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ontario,
July 18. — The Canadian tennis tourna
ment was finished here to-day with
the winning of the men's singles cham
pionship by Beals Wright of Boston
over L. H. Weidner of Chicago. As
this was Wright's third win, the chal
lenge cup becomes his permanent
property, j
Canadian Tournament Ended.
A very important temperance move
ment is in progress in France, under
the auspices of the Union Anti-Alco
holique. It Is directed especially
against, absinthe and brandy.
An interesting railroad relic, reminis
cent of the first days of the steam lo
comotive, has been discovered In the
north of England. The Liverpool and
Manchester Railroad Company, the first
public road constructed, It will be re
membered, inaugurated a competition
in the latter part of the twenties of the
past century for a locomotive, in which
Stephenson and other inventors par
ticipated. Three engines— the "Rock
et," by Stephenson; the "Sans Pareil,"
by Hackworth, and the "Novelty," by
Braithwalte and Ericsson respectively
—participated in the trials that were
carried out in 1830. As is well known,
Stephenson's "Rocket" secured the
award of $2500 which was offered, aa
being the most suitable engine attain
ing a speed of twenty-nine miles per
hour. The "Sans Pareil" was second
with a speed of twenty-three miles per
hour, while the "Novelty" withdrew
from the trials owing to the joints of
the boiler giving way when the loco
motive had traveled only three miles.
Both the "Rocket" and the "Sans
Pareil" are now preserved in the South
Kensington Museum, but the "Novel
ty" mysteriously disappeared and was
never found again until quite recently.
It appears that Ericsson was so morti
fied by the failure of his conception
that he left it with his friend, Mr. Mel
ling, who possessed engineering work3
located upon a space adjoining the
Rainhill Station. These works were
subsequently dismantled and the prem
ises were occupied by the Rainhill Gas
and Water Company. The "Novelty"
was thus lost sight of, but it has now
been recognized working as a station
ary engine, the wheels having been
removed for this purpose, and its
identity thus somewhat disguised. At
tempts are to be made to secure this
third premier locomotive, and to place
it alongside of its two contemporaries
in the South Kensington Museum.—Ex
change.
Interesting Relic.
LONDON, July 18.— The Wingfield
sculls, representing the amateur row
ing championship of England, was
won this % afternoon by St. George
Ashe of the Thames Rowing Club. F.
S. Kelly (Leander Rowing Club), the
holder, did not defend the title. '
* Wins Wingfleld Sculls.
Some | gave in the names of Russian
officers. After the teacher had con
gratulated the fifteen who gave in the
wof d "disproportionableness," she told
them that there was still a larger one
which was supposed to have been coin
ed by. William E. Gladstone and con
tained twenty-four letters. It was "dis
establishmentarianism."— Exchange.
* A teacher in a Philadelphia school
told her class one afternoon that she
expected them each to bring in the
longest word In the English language
on the following morning.
The next day thirty-eight out of
forty pupils turned in words which ran
from fourteen to twenty-one letters in
length. Fifteen submitted the word
"disprcportionableness," which con
tains twenty-one letters.
The Longest English Word.
That we may leave no Giottos by the
sheepfolds, and that our Miltons may
not be mute and Inglorious, and that
future Wattses and Faradays, who
would -be dirt cheap, . as Huxley so
forcibly put it, 1 if they could be bought
at $500,000 apiece, may have opportunity
for development, we should reasonably
provide facilities for' education higher
than the grades, but enjoyment there
of should' be optional, not compulsory.
We should not forget if the soul of edu
cation is. cultured, its body, for the
average person, must •? necessarUy be
vocational.— New York Globe.
The. Higher Education.
In the semi-finals Pope and Lum
bard defeated Lowell and Elliot 6-4,
7-5. and Atkinson and Hinsdale de
feated Ingles and Powell 6-4. 8-10, 7-5.
To-rnorrow afternoon at 2:30 Pope
ftnd Lumbard will play Atkinson and
Hinsdale in the finals for the champion
ship of Northern California and the
Noack trophy.
The Eingles will b^ started at 9 a. m.
to-morrow. There are twelve players
in this event, and the winner will re
ceive a handsome trophy.
SACRAMENTO, July 18.— In the
tennis tournament connected with the
midsummer carnival of the Native
Sons to-day Ingles and Powell of
Stockton were defeated by Atkinson
and Hinsdale of Sacramento. After |
i ho opening the following scores were j
made: Pope and Lumbard beat Burr!
and Olson 6-4. 6-0; Lowell and Elliot j
beat Hawley and Nlcolaus 6-2. 7-3;
Ingles and Powell beat Boemage and
T>ebaek 6-0. 6-0; Atkinson and Hlns
<1aJe beat Lindley and MacArtney 6-4,
6-3.
Injjles and Powell of Stockton Are
Defeated at the Carnival
Tournament.
SACRAMENTO TEN'.YIS
PL.AYEISS VICTORIOUS
Policeman William Proll was seri
ously injured last night on Telegraph
Hill, where he was struck on the head
by a rock thrown by John Bacigalupi,
17 years old. Proll was detailed to pro
tect two boy paper carriers who had
been repeatedly assaulted by a gang
on Greenwich street. Yesterday even
ing the policeman walked behind them
and saw the gang attack them. He
rushed to their assistance and was
felled by a blow on the head with a
stone. Bacigalupi was arrested and
• harged with asault with a dpeadly
weapon. Proll was treated at the Har
bor Hcspital.
Policeman Is Injured.
Assistant Secretary Oliver of the
War Department has referred the
matter to the Secretary of Commerce
and Labor, requesting its reference to
the Commissioner of Fish "and Fish
eries for an expression of his views in
the premises, — Washington Star.
This report was forwarded to the
War Department by General Funston,
commanding the Department of Co
lumbia, who requested its reference to
some scientific authority for an expres
sion of opinion as to whether the
presence of petroleum in a stream so
large as the Yukon would adversely
affect the salmon. He cites cases
where oil has leaked from the tanks
of boats in small quantities and says
that several white men think that its
presence is disastrous to the very
young fish. "The destruction of the
salmon in the Yukon," says General
Funston, "or any conditions that
would cause those fish to cease to
visit the river for spawning would be
a most serious matter, resulting in the
starvation of hundreds of natives
along the lower course of that stream,
they being almost entirely dependent
on the salmon for their food supply."
Major R. H. Wilson, Eighth Infan
trj't commanding the post at Fort
St. Michael, Alaska, has reported that
the Indians of that vicinity have had
a very small catch of fish this year,
the run of salmon being next to
nothing, and, in consequence, the na
tives are not provided with the usual
stock of fish for winter use. The In
dians attribute the scarcity of fish
to the use of oil as fuel by the boats
of the Northern Commercial Com
pany plying on the Yukon, and ask
that its further use be prohibited. Ma
jor Wilson says that the general
opinion, however, is that the small
amount of oil spilled overboard by
the boats can have no perceptible ef
fect on the fish.
Salmon In the Yukon.
London contains 6,240,000 persons.
Of these 1,252,433 — one-fifth — attend
places of divine worship on Sunday.
JCDGE KETIKIGAX RETURNS.— Superior
Ju£g*> Frank II. Korrig'an !:a« returned from
Ida vacation and hy a unanimous vote of the
Judges in tfce other rippartments he was yes
terday re?t« % r?d to hi- position as preeicling
Judse. During bis abfpr.ee Judpe Graham has
*W'«>d Om of See nf honor.
Biliy Delaney, veteran rra!ner and
astute coacher of pugilists, visited liu-
die Hanlon at his quarters at CroM's
Gardens in Alameda yesterday and em
phatically approved of the order issued
by Trainer Frank McDonald that here
after the little fighter shall not be per
mitted to extend himself in bis pre
liminary work as has been his prac
tice while fitting: himself for ring bat
tles in the past. Delaney agreed with
McDonald that Eddie had in his en
thusiasm been permitted to mix it more
loan was beneficial to him and advised
the young trainer to tighten the lines
on his charge and hold him in, even
if he did champ on the bit.
When Eddie goes <-n the road this
morning he will be accompanied by Mc-
Donald for the first time. The trainer
eays that he has now decided what
Hanlon's indoor irork shall be during
the remainder of h:s preliminary work
and he wants to get a line as to how
Eddie conducts himself while getting
over the highways.
Eddie did forty-five minutes' labor
in his gymnasium yesterday afternoon.
Including five rounds of bag punching,
twenty minutes' wrestling with Toby
Irwin. tossing the medicine ball and
skipping rope. He was required to
take a full minute's rest between every
three minutes of work and Trainer Mc-
Donald stood by and saw that Hanlon
took things easy for the full sixty sec
onds. To-day, if the condition of his
skinned nose will permit. Eddie will
don the mitts with some of his sparring
mates. He has not had the boxing
gloves on for five days.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.), i (American League.)
W.L.Pct. W.L«.Pct.
New York. . .56 # 20 .737 Boston ..... .5O 24 .678
Chicago 47 27 .t>35 New York. 1 . .45 21) .608
Cincinnati, . .43 31 .581 Chicago 43 33 .377
Pitteburg . . .40 32 .536 Philadelphia.. 41 32 .0U2
St. Louis. . . .30 35 .027 Cleveland . . .37 33 .52V»
Brooklyn 30 61 .370' St. Louis 30 40 .429
Boston 2S 49 .364' Detroit SO 43 .411
Philadelphia.. 17 65 .285; Washington .14 68.104
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, July 18. — Donohue pitched splen
didly to-day, but bad fielding lost the game.
Attendance. S30O. Score:
R. H. E.
Breton * • 8 3
Cleveland 3 » 3
Batteries — Tannehill and Farrell; Donohue
and. BemiB. _^'
WASHINGTON. July 18.— Chicago had a
betting streak to-day, defeating., Washington.
Chicago 12 is' i
Washington .'. 19 1
Batteries — Owen, Waljh and McFarland;
Jacobson. Townaend and Kittredce.
NEW YORK. July 18.— Detroit won In the
seventh Inning. Hughes was hit safely three
times In thla Inning and forced in a run on
a base on balls. Powell relieved him. At
tendance. 2600. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 4 10 3
Detroit S 8 1
Batteries — Stoval. Kllian and Woods;
Hughes, Powell and Kleinow.
PHILADELPHIA. July 18.— Bender' « effect
ive pitching held St. Louis safe at all stages
of a close game. Attendance. 4600. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 7 2
Philadelphia 5 7 1
Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe; Bender and
Powers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. July 18.— The game was fast
and abounded in good clean fielding. New
York was fortunate enough to bunch hits in
the second and sixth, scoring all of their runs
then. Attendance, 4750. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 1 B 1
New York 4 9 1
Batteries — Leeyer and Smith; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umsire — Moran.
CINCINNATI, July 18.— Brooklyn made two
rallies in the game, one In the eighth, when
Walker was driven off the rubber, and the
other in the ninth off Kellum. Cincinnati won
by bunching hits with Jones' bases on balls.
Attendance. 3100. Score;
R. H. E.
Cincinnati *> » \
Brooklyn 5 ~ 1
Batteries— Walker. Kellum and Schlel: Jones
and Bergen. Umpires — Johnstone and Car
penter. 0
The fauntins season for big game has
opened at last and the sportsmen are
seeking the mountains in pursuit of
deer and bear. One el the most inde
fatigable of these hunters is A. II.
Russ, called in the north "Geronimo"
Russ. Rufs started out a short time
ago from "Bear Wallow in Shasta Coun
ty accompanied by guides and dog^,
and has already succeeded in bringing
down three bears. One, a cinnamon,
weighed 700 pounds dressed; the other
two were black bears and weighed 550
:\nd 600 pounds respectively. On re
turning the party were nearly lost in
the snow and crossed and recrossed o-ne
creek before locating their camp. Russ
intends to stay in the mountains for
three months and will hunt bear until
the snowfall makes further sport im
possible.
W. H. Stanley of Alameda, in busi
ness in this city, is spending a few
days at Klamath Springs, Siskiyou
County. Day before yesterday, while
he was following a mc-untain stream
for trout in company with a chum and
a half breed Indian as a guide, the
party came very near stepping on an
old she bear and a six-months-old cub,
but Stanley fortunately had his rifle
hfcndy and killed the old bear at the
first fire. A second shot struck the cub
in the shoulder as it sought safety in a
tree and a fusillade brought it to the
ground. Both pelts are on the way to
this city to be mounted.
The deer season has lately opened
and reports of killings should soon
reach the city. The woods of Califor
nia are full of deer and all the moun
tain resorts boast of resolute hunters
who are preparing to go out and bring
them in.
Capital Team Falls Before
Wonderful Batting Streak
That Comes Over Chicago
Large Colony Maintained on
the Seagirt Peninsula of
Mokolai — Local Measures
WASHINGTON A LOSER
FIGHTER GOES OX" B0 AD
Accompanied by McDonald/
His Trainer. He Will Be
gin Running; on Highways
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July 18.— Just So won the
feature here to-day without being ex
tended from Brancas, Falkland and a
field of stake horses. Flying Torpedo
ran a disappointing race. The weather
was clear and the track fast. The at
tendance was 6000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-oJd»:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
tt to 2— Lucky Charm. 103 (Lnsy) 6 3 2 12
6tol — Braawarlin, 103 (Austin) 8 2 4 2 a
10 to 1— F. Priesmeyer, 100 (Foley) 1 1 % 3 4
Time, 1:03. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. P. Bennett & Co.'s br. c. (2) by Lucky
Dog-Charm. Casselama 105. Platt 108, Ana
clarco 100, Joe Graham 105, Verandah 100, B.
C. Preston 103, Eriste Platz 103, Happy Chappy
108, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 1 — Rosecourt. 107 (T. Dean) 5 3 4 In
13 to 6— Bab, 108 (L. Wilson) 2 2 4 2 1>A
10 to 1— Ladjvldria. 102 (Plunkett) 4 1 n 3 4
Time, 1:16. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. S. Bratton's br. m. (5) by Jfewcourt-
Llzzlo Montrose. Never Smile 100, Gallawater
106, Baby Hall 102. Hazel H 102, Tenny Belle
102, Kingstelle 97, Annite 107, Callana 100.
Athclrose 100, Flora Levy 100, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5tol— Zlnda. 110 (1>. Austin)... 5 2 4 11
7 to 5— Arch Oldham, 118 (Knight) 4 1 Y 3 2 S
3 to 2— Gay Adelaide, 105 (Watsn) 7 3 3 3 6
Time, :55Ji- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. T. P. Hayes' br. f. (2) by Woolsthorpe-
Ella F. Mabel Sims 100, Monogram 100. Colo
nel Simpson lw, Eduardo 110, finished as
named. .
FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-old3 and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Just So, 95 (L. Wilson)... 2 1 Mil t'-i
0 to 2— Brancas, 68 (D. Austin).. 3 2 2 2 2
30 to 1— Falkland, 98 (J.Hennessy) 4 3 5 3 2
Time, 1:47 Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. A. Chinn t Co's. ch. g. (3) by
George Kessler-Vertly. Jack YoungJ.07, Bessie
McCarthy 102, Flying Torpedo 104. finished aa
named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-old*
and »pj
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Miss Mae Day, 98 (L.W1I) 5 1 IVil *,i
0 to 2— Ladyiftrath.. 103(D.Aust) 3 2 4 2 15
20 to 1— Varni Fonso, 96 (Llndaey) 13 2 3 1
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's br. m. (7) by Hermence-
Rala Lala. St. Agnes II 02. Terra Flrma 103,
Sigmund 98, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and uo:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
12 to 1 — Orient, 97 (D.Austin).. 6 3^ 1 l'/i
12 to 1— Trapeetter, 05 (H.Andsn) 7 5 4 2 1
0 to 1— John Doyle, 01 (Lestar) . . 5 2 3 3 h
Time, 1:28. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes & Co'». ch. f. (3) by Orna
ment-Bessie V C. Doeskin 0'J. Avoid 05, Bliss
ful 00, Pierce J 107, Hllo 110, King's Court
101, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIGHTON BEACH, July 18.— There
was only one stake on the card to-day.
Waterboy was to have started in the
mile and a quarter handicap, but the
rain and its effect on the top of the
ground caused his careful trainer to
scratch him.
Sheriff Bell was favorite for the
Nautilus stake, but was well beaten
because of the heavy track. The win
ner was E. R. Thomas' Duke of Ken
dal, which always runs well on just
such a course as was seen to-day. The
horse was ridden by Travers, in order
that he should receive the benefit of
an apprentice allowance, which will ac
count to a great extent for the boy's
engagement by his present employer.
Possession, with Hildebrand up, gave
Duke of Kendal a stout argument kt
the finish. Sweet Alice, one of the
early pacemakers, tired to nothing in
the last quarter and finished laat
Hildebrand perpetrated a piece of
riding in the third race which should
have brought at least a reprimand. He
had the mount on Tramotor, the early
pacemaker. Torchello, the favorite,
was catching Tramotor on the stretch
turn and Hildebrand then bore out,
carrying out Torchello. He gave
Buro,s on Agile a fine opportunity.
Burns had kept closely to the rail all
the way and when the other two went
out so wide he went vigorously to
work on his mount, but could not pre
vent Torchello winning by about three
parts of a leneth. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 5i Fin.
lit to 5— Flammula, 102 (Collins). 4 1 »£ 1 3
4 to 1— Monster, 105 (Ainsworth) 2 2 5 2 5
20 to 1— Seymour. 05 (Racine).... « 3 2 3 ns
Time. 1:49 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Kraft's ch. f. by Flambeau*
Grctchen. Elsie L, Queen Belle. Beverly, Toi
San, Bardolph, Baikal, G. Whlttier," The Bow
ery, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; four
year-olds and upward; steeplechase handicap:
Bitting. Horse. Weight. Jovkey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Opuntla. 145 (Swalwell).. 4 16 120
S to 5 — Conover. 150 (Hoiman).. 2 3 5 2 10
IS to 1— Libretto. 133 (Bernhardt) 0 5 \(, 3 50
Time. 4:31. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. R. Davles 1 . ch. g. by Parisian-Thistle.
Mcnillan, Merrymaker, Terrible Terry, Dayles
ford, Lida Woodlands, Jiminez, finished aa
named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
0to5 — Torchello. 101 (Cormack). 5 4 2 1 »i
2 to 1— Agile, 117 (Burns) 6 2 M 2 2^J
18 to 5— Tramotor. 114 (Hldebrnd) 3 3 « 3 %
Time. 1:18. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Patchogue Stable's b. g. by St. Gatlen-
Tortosa. Don Royal. Cairngorm. King Cole,
Hifihlife. Gowanus, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
the Nautilus selling stakes; three-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Duke of Kendal, lOti(Trav) 1 S 1^1 1^
16 to 5— Possession. 104 (Hildebr) 5 1 6 2 S
4 to 5 — Sheriff Bell, 105 (J.Mrtn) 4 4 6 35
Time. 1:55 2-5.V Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. R.^Thomas'f b. h. by Sir Modred-
Duchess of Kendal. South Trimble and Sweet
Alice finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
handicap; three-yearrolds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
17 to 10— Spring. 101 (Phillips).. 1 1 1%1 n
2 to 1— Lord Badge.100 (Walsh) 3 2 2 2 5
5 to 2— Brigand. 07 (Hildebrnd) 4 4 3 1
Time. 2:07 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, Goughacre Stable's br. c. by Athel
ine-Cala. Illyria also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
selling: maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Hor?e, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
20 to 1— Rubric, 102 <See) 6 3 1 12^
20 to 1— Montibello, 107 (Bums).. 5 8 1 2 n
5 to 1— Gold Fleur, 104 (Hlggins) 3 2 1^3 6
Time, 1:00 2-0. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. A. L. Aste's ch. c. by Mlrthful-Hu
brlc Nightmare, Golden Sunri#e, Only One.
Flying Redskin, Woolna, Monacorder, Red
Reynard, Mephisto and Belle of Setauket fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July IS.— -Tokalon, which
won the Chicago stakes at Harlem on
Saturday, was an added starter in the
Premier stakes, the feature of the
opening of Hawthorne to-day, and won
all the way, being pulled up to a gal
lop at the finish.
The filly picked up 117 pounds and,
because of a report that she could not
carry weight, she was as good as 4 to 1
in the betting at one time, being back
ed down later to 2 to 1. English Lad,
with 127 pounds up and always first
choice, but drifting from 7 to 10 to even
money, finished a distant third, being
easily beaten by the 16 to 1 shot, Miss
Crawford, for the place. The stake
was worth $2230 to the winner.
As four favorites and two second
choices won, the talent gave the book
makers another severe drubbing. The
track was fast, the weather clear and
hot and the attendance good. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlonjs; two-year-oldi;
selling: .
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «1 Fin.
.1 to 2— Jlich. Byrnes, 107 (Lynch) 2 t» ij 1 1
10 to 5— Cutter, «7 (Livingston)., tt X hi 2 2
K to 1 — Proprietor, 112 (Prior)... 7 2 h 3 h
Time, 1:013-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. Thom,as Carey's b. c. by Hammon-
Xetlie Whjttaker. Devout 106. Al Casey 102,
Sanction 109, Dixie Lad 108, Miss Deuce ICO,
finished us named. TarcooU Belle 102. left.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlon»s; three-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *>i Fin.
7 to 2 — Durbar. 03 (Nlcol) 6 1 J 4 1 lit
8 to 5 — Orfeo, 105 (Knapp) »..2 2 8 2 >i
4 to 1— Foresight, 101 (Feicht)... 8 42 3 1
Time. 1:27. Start good. Wen handily.
Winner, James Curl's b. f. (3) by Kinjston-
Splendour. Zyra 104, Marce 09, Lanark 05,
Weird 101, Cassava 10t>, Antolee 106, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — One mile; Premier Stakes;
three-year-olds:
Betting. Hor3e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Tokalon, 117 (Knapp)... 6 110 17
15 to 1— Miss Crwfrd, 112 (Henry) 3 3 1 2H
Even— English Lad, 127 (Drank) 5 4 13 3
Time. 1 :40 1-5. Start good. Won canterlnff.
Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. f. by Tammany-
Enid. Jerry Lynch 107. Alma Dufour 112. Pe
ter J. Somera 112, Shawana 112, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and up; pur?*:
Benin*. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
13 to It) — Outcome, bS (Greenfield) 4 12 1 3^
IB to 6 — Talpa. 103 (Oliphant). . . 2 4 10 2 214
20 to 1 — Foncasta, 03 (Knapp)... 1 Snk.ih'
Tinv?. 1:47 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Clay Bros.* b. f. (3) by Sir Dlxon-Ollie
Glenn. Action 106, Major T. J. Carson 93,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and an eighth;
thren-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. "I Fin.
4 to 5— Birchbroom. 105 (Helgsn) 4 2 2 1 >4
13 to 5— Blackwolf. 87 (Greenfield) 3 3 5 2 6
11 to 2— Exclamation, 100 (Living) 2 12 3 »i
Time, 1:53. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, C Bowman's b. t. (4) by Ben Brush-
Maid of Dorset. Horton 107, Nitrate 112, Ra
bunta 99, finished as named.
SIXTH RACB— Six furionps; three-year-olds
and up: Durae:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
2 to 7— Clifton Force. 11.5 (Sngr) 2 12 12
18 to 5 — Estrada Palma. ll"2(Helg) 3 4 2 2 10
30 to 1 — Inventor, 1^4 (Hoffler)... 4 2h 3 5
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan's ch. c. (3) by Handsoifie-
Illisee. Helgersen 113 also ran.
FEW WHITE -VICTIMS
Veteran Coacher of Pugil
ists Says Eddie Must i Not
Work So Hard in Training
Sportsmen in the Northern
. Forests Encounter Cinna
mon and Black Varieties
DEER SEASON IS HERE
Parties at All the Mountain
liesorts ( Arc Preparing to
Go Out for the Big' Game
Donohue Pitches in Great
Form at Boston, but His
Efforts Are All in Vain
Health Board of Territory
Asks Government Support
*in Battling With Disease
Duke of Kendal Wins
the Nautilus Stake
at Brighton.
Carries 1 17 Pounds to
Easy Victory in
the Premier.
Just So Easily Out
foots Good Field
at St. Louis.
BILLY DELANEY
VISITS HANLON
HUNTERS KILL
SEVERAL BEARS
BAD FIELDING
LOSES GAME
HAWAII SEEKS
AID FOR LEPERS
DAUGHTER OF TAMMANY DISPLAYS
SURPASSING SPEED AT HAWTHORNE
TOKALON IS QUEEN OF THE MIDDLE WEST'S THOROUGHBRED FILLIES
THE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , TUESDAY, JULY 19, 190*.
yacht race to-day from Dover to
Ostend Island was won by; the Amer
ican schooner-yacht Ingomar, owned
by Morton F. Plant of New York. The
Navahoe, Therese and V&ldera also
started. . \
Knee From Dover to Ostend Island
Won by Craft Owned by Morton
F. Plant of New York.
DOVER, England,' July 18.— The
YANKEE YACHT INGOMAR
WINS CHANNEL CONTEST
The. budget for the city of Paris for
1904 amounts, in receipts and ex
penses, to a total sum of ?65,063,475.
BASEBALL SPECTATORS JOIN
PLAYERS IN A FREE FIGHT
Has to Call" Off the Game to
Save His Hide.
Umpire, Who Is Center of the' Storm,
NEW YORK, July 18.— A game of
baseball between a New Rochelle team
and one from Tuckahoe for the cham
pionship of Weschester County, re
sulted in a free fight. At least 1000
spectators Joined in the melee, which
lasted a quarter of an hour, and sev
eral men were quite badly injured.
The game was played ' near New
Rochelle. A big crowd of friends ac
companied the Tuckahoe team and bet
ting on the ..result was heavy. When
the score stood 3 to 2 in favor of the
New Rochelle team in the eighth in
ning a batter accidentally bit the
catcher of the visiting team. A fight
quickly began and ; in an instant the
Tuckahoe crowd swept the grounds.
Clubs and bottles were brought into
play and several men had to be taken
home in carriages.
The umpire, who was the storm cen
ter, was compelled to call the game off
to save himself.
10
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
A Vile Disease f^
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \C i£|jU
caused more misery and suffering tHsvn all other diseases
combined. Some are inclined to treat it lightly, but these jfjSSg&'f
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison jg^^P*^^^
that is slo-wly but surely breaking down the constitution. tf»pf^S fj&9
Contagious Blood'Poison not only metes out punishment f^^gggfe^jXJ
to the oncwho contracts it, but others may become inno- "^^
cent victims of this vile dis- mn T WM tronbled the mOBt maiis-
ease through inheritance. It na , n t type of chronic blood trouble. After trying
your blood istainted you may Jg^^thg *£2fij"gj£gS£^ c^VoT»
live to see your children bat- constitutional blood trouble, to take S. 8- S. A
¦tlingtritt'tteaamediseM^^
puny and Sickly, made miser- takin* it my weight increased and Jnyha*"*
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
. _¦_ __ - c- Poison. It destroys the virus completely without
f/rj //~*3 fj-^3 injuring the. system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
\^»^ V^V "we offer $1,000 for proof that it contains a single
- 12>| |^5j |^3| mineral ingredient. S.S.S. not only works the poison
kyV-/Si/ out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system. .
Write for our special book on Contagious Blood Poison, describing tne
different stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about this most despicable of all diseases.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATiAHTA. GA,
APVEBTTSKMTrWTa.
FREE TO MEN!
/S3% And Women , Too !
Ja j¥ fj£<$TC$' So you want to b» a blc husky man,
*;^b/ / ftvw&.*>y wltii vim ana power ta yowr «v«ry action,
Jtr&f 17^^381 "with coarace, »etf -confidence sni ambi- "
STTntsfis*. V» Kef tloa to "** thtnmTT Do yon want to g»t
/ U I Uryl YNiNz-Xs-; rt<1 •* tha * ***&** of gloom, that weak-
.*<»&./ /]{ Js'j&KZs&P' /f*& "••« to rotw l>«c»c. that nerroua. trorn-
f rTty^ . A_ '{ ft '^ r ?*533i£>'*fM» out ftdrnf which unfits you for bu»ine«)«
tV^jjjJMg : - iiMhr I Yffg Do you want to feel like a man ail
\_ ii<jp ' *Jh&f!f2Z3.ri^~ ***" 'yr% "?w. to hold up your he*«l with the,
TWEsfc? i %5^5B^^»\ frs" loiowV?*!^ that you arc tlx» m«n tHat na-
3V lO /W* tnre *»«"* you to b-?
trjuSV »?oi*/^~ 2 Xy 7>« V** 1 know that no man remains a. weak-
%#a'" ®t&*fr!$£ Tl(J*Al$i 3iJ! * because he wfcnt* ta I am rut's
V^X^^^S^fw* 1 ?^ J^S ti£t yoa want to oTarwm* er«ry lndiea-
X^RW *dts*vn*v JS^S^e tiOT » °* *arly decay that hrs shown ite«lf
_if * **• ' ytTr^yT^iyNkX *&* on yt»u. I don't think the man lives who
r^"^V^ rXk "V wrt«ld rtot like to fe*sl *m blc and Btrong
f lA.'i'v j i'fffffTT*.< . as a Sandow, and I knew that If you
haw a rea*onabl«. foundation to build
ts»or. I can m*.k*> yev a fc'.gf cr man than you ever hoped to ba. I want you
*o know thnt, jam wh» ooo't believe It, and I want you to hare mr ba«k
In wbtch I d<^orlb« how I learned tl»t strength wu only electricity, and
hew I learned to restovo it; also I wast to tell you the names of some men
who will t«U yeu that wb*n tfaey cam* to m» tner were physical wreoks.
&e« are now among the finest specimens of ptrrsfeal manhoed.
I can do jvM. an much for women as for men. I have thousands of let-
ters tram grateful women, who had spent years and raon«jr trying: to g«t
relief from druc«. *nd who came to me as a last resort ana are cured now.
Why should you be suffering
wh^n you know tiicx your friends . WL£»* WfF//y
nr.d rjw*f!xl>or» are b«lns cured? .?^iUl£)bi~^St/Pff
TTfry. «h* money you hj>~tlA ?or --^"ffSj^ *sZT
In mr treatment, will assure yo-j ffiSM™^«»^0v ?fi^i
can elve you, and you -will be con- y^^aM^^^^^n^^rS^rc* ••*»Ki
asd will «rlv- you the names of //Ift-
rour own neighbors who are cured. .;.;..
I wi'l tell you whether I can cure you or not, if you will tell me y»ttr
troubles CalL If possible, for free consultation.
Dr. M. C McLaughlin, »2£ Sfffi&st-CARPENTERS ESCAPE DEATH.— George
Kellett. 1 vine at 654>i Minna street, and J.
Graham, living at 1134 McAiyster street, both
carpenters, white working on a new building
on Ashbury street, near Waller, fell yesterday
from a scaffold at the third floor. Both mm
received several contused and lacerated inju
ries to their limbs. The wounds were dressed
at the Park Ho!~,ltal by Dr. Hill. They were
taken to their homes.
Dr. Albert Abrams spoke before a
large audience at the Academy of Sci
ences last night on "Tuberculosis, the
Great "White Plague; Cause, Preven
tion and Cure.". After reviewing the
numerous methods adopted for the
cure of the dread ailment and telling
how most Inventions give a temporary
relief and hope in all cases, the lecturer
advised fresh open air, the ipdulgence
of the sun's rays and care. He urged
the practice of breathrng, saying that
long, deep breaths are the beneficial
ones, while those that are short and
quick have not the slightest beneficial
effect on the lungs.
The theory that it is good to exercise
with and uplift the arms while in the
act of taking a long breath the doctor
upset completely and advised that a
natural position with the chest expand
ed is the one favored from a medical
standpoint.
Dr. Abrams commended the local
Board of Health for its adoption of pre
cautions In cases of consumption and
also for its provision to disinfect where
a room or house has been vacated by
a sufferer.
"Tuberculosis," Advising Fresh
Air and Sun's Rays.
Dr. Abraius Addresses Audience on
THE GREAT WHITE PLAGUE
SUBJECT OF MEDICAL. TALK
The time for the closing: of the reg
istration for the primary election to
be held August 9 will expire to-mor
row night at 12 o'clock. The registra
tion office will be open to-day and to
morrow from S:30 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
and from 7:30 to 12 In the evening.
Registration Closes To-Morrow.
"The decision on the petition of an
injunction does not decide the merits of
the decision. They are to be de
termined later. We are not prepared
to make public vet exactly what steps
would be taken in view of the Injunc
tion. Suffice it to say now that the
interests of the stockholders of the
Northern Securities Company will be
fully protected by the move we have
in mind, that it will be made known
in a day or two."
NEW YORK, July 18.— President
James J. Hill, of the Northern Securi
ties Company, and Colonel W. P.
Clough, chief counsel, "held a consulta
tion to-day on the recent decision of
Judge Bradford, of the United States
District Court in Trenton, restraining
the Northern Securities from distribut
ing its assets pro rata until the trial
of the Harriman suit to compel the
holding company to give back" to the
Harriman interests the identical
Northern Pacific Railway stock'whlch
they put Into the merger company.
Colonel Clough was asked after the
conference if President Hill had de
cided to appeal from Judge Bradford's
decision and he said:
Chief Counsel Clough Says
Interests of Stockholders
Will Be Fully Protected
WILL SOON MAKE MOVE
Police Officer Wiskochell was in
hand-me-down attire and represented
himself to be a farmer from Antioch
when he purchased a drink of whisky
from Bessie Russen in her vapor bath
and massage establishment on Grant
avenue. Lizzie Lee and Violet Lamont
were similarly deceived by the same
sleuth and the three women were
defendants yesterday before Judge
Mogan. Cases continued.
• • •
Patrolman J. A. Xealon tried and
failed to make a charge of keeping a
poker place stick against Mike Neakm
of 5 Eighth street and Mike and half a
dozen young fellows who were arrested
for gambling were discharged by Judge
Conlan.
Another case of selling liquor with
out a license in the Turtle saloon, at
Powell and Geary streets, will be
heard next Thursday by Judge Mogan.
The defendants are John McNamara,
proprietor, and Ben Louderdale, bar
tender, of the wetgoods store that
nestles 'neath the shadow of the
haughty St. Francis Hotel. The com
plainant is a policeman, who says that
his plain clothing completely deceived
the defendants as to his calling when
he purchased a drink of spirituous li
quor.
• • •
William P. Schnorr of 282S San Bruno
avenue, tired of touring the Barbary
Coast, dropped into a Pacific-street sa
loon and sought rest In a chair and the
longer he sat there the drowsier he
became until at last Morpheus em
braced him. It was then, he alleges,
that Private Ralph B. Savage, Com
pany D, Twenty-eighth United States
Infantry, abstracted from his neck
scarf a valuable pin and was proceed
ing to help himself to other personal
effects when the sleeper awoke and
grabbed him. Patrolman Joy made the
arrest and Judge Conlan will try the
case to-day.
Swan Johnson was Hanna'h Johnson's
husband until last Friday morning,
when the Superior Court Issued a de
cree severing the marital bond. About
twenty-four hours later Swan was ar
rested for disturbing the peace of the
lodging-house managed by Hannah at
1215J/2 Mission street and .before Judge
Mogan yesterday it was disclosed that
Hannah had "renigged" on an ante
separation agreement by which she
was to give Swan $1000 as soon as she
obtained the divorce, his part of the
contract being a verbal promise to take
the money with him to Sweden and
stay in that country as long as he
lived. Swan said he was ready and
willing to live up to his pledge, but. to
his disappointment and digust Hannah
gave him the laugh when he went to
collect and that was why he cut up
rough. Guilty as charged and sen
tence postponed till to-day.
• • • *
William H. Stansbury is scheduled
for examination before Judge Conlan on
the charge of snatching from the hand
of Mrs. E. Petrich of 5S5 Post street
one purse containing $4 In cash and a
gold ring." The alleged robbery occur
red at 11:30 o'clock Sunday night while
Mrs. Petrich was standing in front of
501 /Post street. Patrolman Mills pur
sued the defendant and recovered the
property.
Thomas was pronounced guilty of bat
tery by Judge Mogan and Instructed
to appear for sentence to-day.
Louis Larchner of 343 Ivy avenue was
walking along that select thorough
fare when several small potatoes, hurl
ed with evident intent to strike him,
rebounded from various portions of his
anatomy, and when he went across the
Btreet and demanded an explanation
from Thomas • Druan. then standing
with -some other practical jokers in
front of a stable, Thomas .swung a
right and landed on the jaw, putting
Ixruis temporarily out of commission.
Joseph O'Donnell had an armchair
of the "grandfather's own" species up
on his shoulders when two policemen
saw him walking, along Howard street
at 4:30 o'clock yesterday morning.
When they overhauled him he said he
was delivering an order for his em
ployer, J. Wassercrook, second-hand
furniture dealer at 943 Mission street.
The story was disbelieved and-O'Don
nell and the chair were escorted to
Wassercrook's store, where the back
door lock was found shattered, Indicat
ing forcible entrance of the premises.
Wassercrook declared the chair was
stolen by O'Donriell, whom he dis
charged from his employment last Sat
urday night. The case is on Judge
Conlan's calendar.
Since the inauguration of the fresh
fruit season Eugene Perenti, retailer
at 23 Xinth street, has been utilizing
the sidewalk fronting his shop for
storage purposes, to the great Incon
venience of passing pedestrians. When
a policeman requested him to remem
ber that the city's footways were con
structed for public use Eugene retorted
saucily. Judge Mogan will sentence
him to-day.
• • •
Crystal and Nettie Vale, twenty
year-old twins from Spokane, con
vinced Judge Conlan that they were
rot vagrants, but tourists, and blush
lngly confessed, that their conduct
since they came here three weeks ago
has not been as discreet as it would
have been if they had remained at
their home. The sisters were dismissed
with a caution.
When the case of Mrs. Annie Lippe,
charged with peace disturbance and
battery, was called before Judge Mo
gan It was reported that the woman
had shown such unmistakable symp
toms of insanity that she was detained
in the Receiving Hospital for examina
tion by the Lunacy Commission. J
Charles Edward Trulson, accused of
burglary, proved that the premises he
was charged with having broken into,
in the 300 block of .Howard street, con
sisted of a vacant lot. Then the charge
was reduced to larceny, and Judge
Conlan asked the prosecution what the
defendant had stolen besides the police
man who arrested him. The case will
be heard to-morrow.
Snow went to Slippery Ford, in
Placer Countv, and during his sojourn
there Goldman visited him three times.
Goldman's conduct on one of those
visits angered Snow to such an ex
tent that he took a stick two inches in
diameter and six feet long and swung
it at Goldman's head, but lowered his
aim ere the weapon landed so that it
struck a box upon which Goldman was
seated. In Snow's apartment in the
Queen House, on Mason street. Snow
beat Goldman several times with his
fists, and one day last February the
former Mavor beat Goldman because
the latter tried to prevent him from
going to dinner at his home in Oak
land. They took a five days' trip to
gether, and quarreled much of the
time. Goldman once destroyed bric-a
brac and other treasures in Snow's
room in the Adams Hojise, and then
paid Snow 1100 to make good the dam
age.
"Why did you beat him?" Mr. Mur
phy asked.
"Because he acted in such a way
that I could do nothing else," was the
answer.
"Did you consider him insane?"
"Yes; the insanity of a spoiled
child."
"What do you mean by that?"
••Well, when he couldn't have every
thing his own way he acted Insanely?'
. "In what way?"
"He writhed on the floor and threw
money around and did other silly
things."
"Why did you beat him in Oakland? 1
"Because he would not let me go t«
dinner at my home unless I took him
with me."
It . developed that on one occasion
Snow presented to Goldman a bill for
51000 for attendance during spells of
temporary insanity, and, asked what
he meant by that, Snow replied that
he did it as a "counter bluff," because
Goldman was trying to collect money
from him.
The defense will be heard to-morrow.
Cross-examination of R. W. Snow,
the former Mavor of Oakland, who
was shot by Adolph Goldman on June
15, at the Clarendon Hotel, was re
sumed yesterday morning: by Attorney
Frank Murphy before Police Judge
Mogan and a packed courtroom. Some
interesting statements hitherto un
published were wruns from the wit
ness, the aim of the defense apparent
ly being to show that Goldman had
been driven temporar^ry insane by ill
treatment received when he endeav
ored to collect money which he had
advanced the man whose life he finally
attempted to take.
Snow admitted that on several occa
sions, within a twelvemonth prior to
the shooting by Goldman, he had been
provoked to beat that person severely,
and once deemed it necessary to in
timidate him by firing, a pistol. In
March. 1903, Goldman and Snow were
in the latter's apartment in the Adams
House, on Eddy 6treet, and Snow beat
Goldman with his fists until one of
his (Snow's) hands was so severely in
jured that the surgeon's bill amounted
to $20. which Goldman subsequently
paid. In April of the same year the
two men were in Goldman's apartment
at 79 Grant avenue, and Goldman be
haved so badly that Snow fired a pis
tol shot to subdue him, the bullet pass
ing about eighteen inches above Gold
man's head. Later in the same month
they were again together in Snow's
apartment in the Larchmont Hotel,
where Snow again used his fists and
then dragged Goldman the entire
length of a corridor.
President of Northern Se
curities Company Consults
With His Legal Adviser
At Various Times and Places Man Who Once Was Oikland's
Executive Beat. With His Fists Man Who. Shot to Kill
Him and Who Is Under Examination on Felony Charge
HILL HAS CARD
UP HIS SLEEVE
FORMER MAYOR SNOW ADMITS
HE OFTEN STRUCK GOLDMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
11
- -^H^ R^ ISEaiEyTS<
deafFess
Of Years* Stand-
ing Is Quickly . ,»/^sj!fii|
Cured by
Electro- -^uJffl
Chemistry WvlP®
EXAMINATION and rnrp
TREATMENT riVllll
AH who are deaf, all who have head
aqd ear noisea, and those who have
painful and discharging ears, all suffer-
ers from Coniuiaptlon, Catarrh, Asthma
Bronchitis, Bheumatiira, Neuralgia, Lo-
coxnotor Ataxla, all Blood and Skin Dis-
eases. Stomach. Liver and Kidney Dis-
eases and Special Diseases of Men and
Women are at liberty to come to us for
an Electro-Chemlc X-Ray Examination
and Treatment, Free.
Write for Home Treatment If You
Live at a Distance.
ELEGTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Are., Cor. Post St., S. r.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7
to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays — 10 a. m.to
\ d. m.
California Northwestern Railwa
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA'. . . . ,
DEER HUNTING...
The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.
: The DEER SEASpN opens
July 15th in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August 1st in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; Jvly 1 5th /in Marin
: County. -<
Black Bass Fishing.,,
Opened July 1st. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion.
TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws are enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
1904," to be had at the dffices of the
Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Office*. C50 Market *t (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry; General Office.
Mutual Life Building-, corner California and
Sansome sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
JA8. L. FRAZIKR. General Manager.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
OfAiJ A»/"»O H0T SPRINGS. SOXOMA
OK/iUUU COUNTY; only 4tf hour*
w»»«»%# w w from gan Franclsco 1 and
¦"¦¦™ 1 ™ — "^^^™* but 9 mllca staging; -wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State. FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; both
morning and afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon
ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates J2 a day or ?12 a week. References, any
ru<*»t of the past nine years. Information at
Tourist Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery
at., or of J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
LAKE' TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching 3. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC, lAKE CA T L AB0E -
Cafe European. Nurse?, maids and children,
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
-,->/,¦; M. LAWRENCE & CO.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
' LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a Lake Tahoe
resort we have the only hot springs, the most
sheltered Shore and best fishing. FRANK B.
ALVERSON. Manager. -
BDBICOK FAJtK— A delightful resort
on shores o( Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Gal.
LAKE SHOEE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottagea to rent $5 up, lat- class board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. P. COUILLARp.
DEER PARK INN La d k. co TSoV : : 2£?? a £>?.
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 80 Montgomery st. ,
~ J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; -boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest.' For information inquire at Traveler
office, 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. Clemons. Trnckee. Cal.
. CAXOPBISXA HOT SPBRTOS,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra County
5000 fet t elevation. Are beautifully located
at the bead of th* great Sierra Valley, SO
miles long by 6 miles wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
cpecialty ia made of the table. Tha hot springs
are unequaled fcr the euro of rheumatism
gout, i liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and akin diseases. ' Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca, $14 bo. Stag*
dally except Sunday, connecting with fl p. m,
train from San Francisco.
ADVEKTISEIIENTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
Thf 7 also rcH=re Distress from Dyspepsia,
tndijccllon cr.d Too llezrij Eating. A per-
feet remedy for Doziness, Nausea, Dro^.
WSS, Bid Tactc in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Tain in the S^ic, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bffxeis. Purely Vegetable.
Bman PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Woman
/J^^ , v |>> «"W 1 »a i» interested **4 thould know
l--t' tJ~* v,j\ ahont the wonderful
IWksT X<VH MARVEL Whirling Spray
V O^ » g>-vJTT:e new t^JmI f»rU«^. Jnjre-
v-.^V O^v» N> "*&fc. tton atri Hurtion. Best— Saf-
\k >Vr_r>3^ Uo«t Convenient
JU Tier innlil f«r «. \ AL
if h« t-Aiirot *u]ip!y ihe V-,. /fc&»." '. '.~l. ~y^
m Aiivtci., »c.~i.t no Nxy^T - o;'tL>-s^
. .:•.!!» r. l>!il s*-n.i sijunn for >fcv r^-'/wT,
lOa.utlcJ tx»ok -•"!'*. IScItm V 1 , / 'w'Jr
T»!r.al.> to isdxs M *UVKLCO.. V Xf . U
< 1 :*ark Kow, Sew York. vnidijiKjr
\T2 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
TViliiair. Hitterotb <La1ie»" Dept.), 224 Sutter.
ViiMn Trug Co . *<»• Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Ofztc.3 Brothers., "th and Broadway Oakland
UaSdwlr: rfcarrnacy 119 Ellis
Weak Men and Women
choi:ld use damuna bitters, the
<-* Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
Ml ens, til tr> sfxual organs. U*pot. 323 Market.
OCEAN' TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11>.
Pan FratiL-isco:
For Ketrhikan. "Wrangel.
Juneau. Ilair.es, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. July
U. 24, 29. Aug. 3. ChangV
to company's eteamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Towns^nd, Seattle. Tacnrr.a. Everett,
!'¦¦ Kir.pham — 11 a. m., July 1». 24. 23, Aug. 3.
Ctesgc at Pfattle to this Company's steamers
fc« Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Ta-
ccraa to X. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka iHurnboldt Bay> — Pomona, 1:30
p. Dl. July 21. 27 Aug. 2. Coror.a, 1:30 p. m.,
July 18. 21, 3O. Axis. 5.
For I^cs A na.eln ivia Port Lo* Anpeles and
Ueflondo), San Diego ar.d Santa Barbara —
Eanta P.osa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
f=tat« of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
Kor Los Angeles ivia Sar. P*'dro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. £an Simeon. Cayuccs, Pert Harford (San
l^ui* ObiBiKjt. \>rtura and Hueneme
Bonita. » a. ra.. July is. 2»J, Aug. 3.
«'oos Day. It •. tn.. July 22. 30, Aug. 7.
Fcr Ersenada, Matrdaleha Bay. ' San jose del
Cfiho. Mazatlaa. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
fs'.ia, Gjayma* (M«.i. 10 a. tn., 7th each mo
ALASKA EXCCRBIOXS. Season lOOt—
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Aug. 2.
Fw further information obtain fold-r. Right
Is r«-««*rvpd to rhanep npam#rn or sailing dates
TICKET orriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t. <Pa!ac* H-ite'.t. l«l ct.. and Broad-
way wharves. Preiyhi O2ce. 10 Market st.
C. D. Dl'NANN. Gertpral Passer.Rer Agent,
If' Market ft.. San Francisco.
AMEEICA.V X.ITTE.
PlTaonth — Cherbcurir — Sontbampton.
Proa New York. Saturdays. fi:JO a. m.
New Tork July Philadelphia ..Aug. 13
St. Paul Auk. 6 St. Lruij Aug. 20
ATX.AHTTXC TKAIfSPOBT LINE.
Hew York — I^onlon Direct.
Mttmetcnkii July 3t». 7:^0 a. m.
Mirrehaha Aug. «. noon
MtenopoUa Aug. 13. 7 a. m.
M'-saba Aug. 2«, 9 a. m.
)r,!y firFti 1 155 5:.asscr.ger» carried.
SpSSZiriON LIKE.
Montreal — Iiiverpocl — Short Sea passage.
Canada July «'• Kensington ...Aug. 13
>ancouv*r Aug. •> Dominion Aug. 20
KOLLAirD-AKEEICA LI5E.
N»w Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tens.
Kew Ycrfc — Bctterdam, Via Boulofme.
Sa-'.irg Tuesdays at lu a. m.
"XantrtMia — Aug. 2 Nocrdam Aug. 1(5
R] ream Aug. 9 siatendam Aug. 23
RED STAR I.I2TE.
_^_ S"e-w York — Antwerp — Paris,
rrom N«r York. Saturdays at 10:30 a. m
Vaieriand Ju'.y SO, Zealand Aug. 13
Krocciaad Aug. <; Finland Aug. 20
"WHITE STAB LIKE.
Kcw York — Queenstown — liverpool.
Sailing Wednesday*.
Teutcr.'c.Aug. 3. 10 am MaJeptlcAug. 17. 10 am
L*'' c Aus 5. nocn Cedric... Aug. 13, noon
• Eiitlr ..Aug. 10. 4 pm Oceanic. Aug. 21. 5 pm
B ostcn — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic «r.e^) Aug. U. Sept. S, Oct. 6
Aug. 1?. Sept. 15, Oct. 13
****** Aug. 25. Sept. 22, Oct. 20.
XXV? SERVICE FBOM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.4OO to 15.OOO Tons.
BOPTnx DIRECT TO THE
KESITERKASEAN. VIA A2OEES,
GIEEALTAE, NAPLES. GEZTOA.
SPSiS? Seit - 1T - Oct - Dec - 3
CANOriC Oct. 8. Nov. 19
Firtt class, JC5 upward, depending on date.
C D. TATLO71. Passtr.cr Agent Pacific Coast,
. 21 Poet St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(onrrrrrAL steamship co>
Fteairerti win leave wharf, corner First and
Branr.«n streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
« ? d HONGKONG, calling ' et Kote "lutgoK
;i ae^- k ari13 S^"^-* 1 *a<J connecting at
Hongkorg with ifamfri for India etc No
cargo received on lx.ard en <!ar ot la'llin*
B. S. AMERICA MARU .."."...7...
.......... .....Monday. AugiiVt*i."l»04
\;a Honolulu Rour^-trip tlcketa at reduced
rates. For frHrht 8 n.i ras»re apply at Corn-
parr's office 421 Market street, corner First.
w. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Hamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Service
F'or Plymouth. CHnr.norrp.a hamburo
•^Moltke July SSiJPatricla .' Aug 13
5222m "••••f u; y30"«nil> a rg Aug. 18
"lw>j.tcfclan<I ..Aug. 4'P'ioenicta- Au* "0
fPrnr.c y !% » n :a . . Au*. 6 Dluecher Aug 25
«4i*.f, •**« ro ' m £r ' 1 t " n 'na*Iuni on board.
r«'!! '•all et l>o\fr for London and Paria.
HAMBTJKO-AMERICAir J.XUJ1
"_"";; •'$ «»nd S7 Rroadway. New Tork
HER^Qrj & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ItI
Occanics.s.co. ssaswa
e . p \. Son<^ n *V for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land end Sydney. Tir.unstiay, July 28 2 P M
e.E. ALAilSrjA. tor Hrmoluiu Aug « U A M
fi. B. MAHIPOSA. lor Tahiti. Angifst 9. 11 AM
J.D.SPEECIELSiE?.OS.CO , 1&., TiClKI 02Lce 643 liar-
ta. Yitm cs^ 329 Htm si., ?m i, «c st
COlfrAQXII 6I5ERALE TRAKSATLAKTIQra.
DIICECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.- '
fcitlitg every Thursday ir^icad o! tgfr&L
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. :ri.ii i' ier 43, JSblSfe*'
Korth River, foot of Morton at.
Ftrst daw to Havre, sto and upward. Second
claa* to Havre. $45 «nd upward. GEK-
KRAL AGENCT TOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broa«in-ay (Hudson tu'ldlnr).
3>iew Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A- CO.. Pacific Coast
brents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* »ote by all P.allrcad Ticket Agents.
To V. B. ITarry Tard aa4 Vallejo.
£uar. H. J. Corcoran— Leave* R. F*.. toot of
Clay «;.. ncno end ferry bldg. — Week dar»
*:S0 A. M.. 3 aad *8 P. M.; Sundaya. 9-80
A M.. 6 y. M. Leave Vallejo— Wee* darT
«:3O A- M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P M.: Sundaya i
r M. Fare. 2.V: each way. r.xcurtlon rates.
fun<!«.>» to Vallejo. Glen Cove md Martinez.
tCc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALI*
CO.. pbene Main *;il 'aalurduy eiicepted.
To XT. S. ITavr Tard and Vallejo.
Stmra. Genera! Frtfcbie. Monticello and Arrow
8:«S a. ns.. 12:30. S:13. C, € :C0 p. m. (ex. Eun )'•
fcundays. 8:40 a. m.. 6:J3 p. m. Leave Vail*-" to
3. t a. m.. W:3a 3:15. C p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sua-
davt, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mla-
fcloo *tree: ; ptone Main 1508. HATCH UHOS. '
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the Ills that humanity Is heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 00 to $6 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about BartletL
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco.
Why stay in the city with
its mist and fog ? There
is no fog at
AETNA SPRINGS
There the days are warm
and nights .dry. Just send
for booklet. Aetna Springs
Co., Napa County, Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
3% Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1004.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Huntlnjr.inountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information addrest
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO 222 S
Spring st.. Los Angeles.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Paclflo Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The Dlace to «Dend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 60 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager.
MARK WEST
H - K £o? EB SPRIN6S
MBS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Larkln
ft., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
The new hotel at
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON fcKCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLKNDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog>
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN, owner snd proprietor, Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. An-
deracn. Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to
Middletown Lower Lake. KelseyvlUe and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
nif n All Hot Springs; on line South.
I I V I I nl rrn Pacific: -Vt hours from
K 1 K I I In Kan Francisco. 3 trains
El I II II I H da "y: luxurious mineral
LI I II U II and mud baths; hotel
** unique In cuisine service
• n<l appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau. 613 Market *t., Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal
LYTTON SPRINGS
.' New management; no staging; depot on
grounds; phone: fars $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week: table fi/st class: our
own dairy; hot mineral baths; ewlmming tank;
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St., or BARKER ft
ROSS,. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County. Cat.
BO FOR CAMP MEEKER! NEW ENGLAND HOME!
Located In a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for, the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and lath-
ing, pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits In
plenty. Board and lodging, only $6 to S7 . er
week. Address GEORGE HAKISON, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; beat equipped on Coast; mod-
ern .Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; 6% acres; one block from street
cars: write for literature. Ban Jose. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MIXES FBOM H0PZ>AS3>.
Fine medicinal waters. .Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates <10 to $12 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room, telephone, \ hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowling, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Get booklet, 30 Mont-
gomery street W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL, EAYWASOS.
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. eta. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable, A. GAUD ARD, Prop.;
1 ubone Black 141.
Mineral Springs.
OPEN ETEET OAT TS THE YEAB.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
s P«; tn p. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
Jf". of ¦ tom ach. head and bladder as a re-
suit of the dl»ease; these troubles became
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. .Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters.
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed,
and up and down steep hills; am cured of thi«
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of the
State of California; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further Information, address
LOUI3 JACOBS. 6 Stockton «t.. San Francisco.
Cal.
We have . hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 60c In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
: ;
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare fl 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per .day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Callente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
I k^s^sl M9TEL
JllliirSdSrv Jose
|M|8iar Situated In Vendome Park
¦S? I °' acres', a charming
5H5^S5r summer resort: both city
and country advantages:
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion.
bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New auto
road map of the county mailed on
application. .
J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PAEAISO SPRIGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S DJ-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flshlag,
boating, launch, horses, tend*, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. increased accommodations, modern
con sentences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatfield & Vlnzent's 229
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIO. Manager.
Soda Bay. KelseyvlUe P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
e»eee«eeeeee eee«ees«eess»
CAMP CURRY 1
1 ,¦>-•_ Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
Advertised by 4000 guests. 1
YOSEMITE
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville In a grove a mile and a half
long, sklrtins the river; tennis court-; 40 new
boats; win build 'a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smcoth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. ¦ Snecial rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C CNO-
PIUS. CamD Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County,. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS^
Beswlck. Slsklyou County. California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet. :
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information "at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery it., or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. CaL
. . 0* . __ . Menlo Park, one boar from
UnlT T >0 cit *- Nine trains dally. Per-
nlll I I A lect climate; beautiful place;
IIVI I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. 3oltt'» School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 1900 feet altitude: no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden: hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rat's $3 week up; stags
j meets train. Echuler ft Scheben. Napa, f»t
- JOHANNISBBRG,
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy '
dining-room; hunting.. fisblngr swimming, boat-
lr.g;- $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. OakvlUe. Napa Co. -.or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery
H^AjV*^ffijrf Awning*, Hammocks,
anarntffr/j^ w. a. fiStbcmer.
Tel. Main 543, 111 Clay st.
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah, Mendocino County.
Natural electrlo waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and bunting; crystal
•Bring; tccommcdatlons and table first elasa.
. J. A. RED£M£?EB, Proprietor.
Grand aajuuuuuiaa
Electrical!* 3 Concerts
Display £ Wp w - Daily;
2 00 00*00 TnnnrsTro'va
Santa Croz|
Piungr.Surf g y^f" Jj Firework,
and Tub E Batlimg 3 Water Sport*
Baths £ On UlC 3 Roof Gardens.
Dancing >£ Coast 3 Sommtr:
Boating and Jo «; Theatrical*
Fine Salmon % SomS- % Vaudeville
Fishing ij thmfl 2J Specialiie*
Lovely Drtvo S Doflig 3 •* •*
Along the j o _ii t y. 3 Special Rates-
Coast and ° °iL mC £ vUS.P.Ry;
Through the g lmc o| During the;
Redwoodi •oToTVa 8 S'S TS Entire Season
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Lu c s a, 0bl5PO -
The most Idea! resort for pleasure &n1
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to Saa
Luis Hot Sulphur Spriags. Saa Luis
Obispo. Cal.. - and return, including stage
to and from springs and one week's
beard for 920.00 to f££2.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations SJtO.OO to 912.00 per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing.
beating 1 and fishing on grounds. Fino
*hady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion lor guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best th«
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. ra.
•very day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOVB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SVBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
DR. O. O. O'DOITITHJIjIj'S
MIN'ERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure r«-
scrt on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaint*,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 44
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 3. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
80 cottages and tests furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral,
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meala
served at Hotel Riverside at rea.-onab'.e rates.
Inquire of T>R. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlca
10S1H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Saa
Francisco.
KENIL WORTH INN,
One of the most popular resorts !n Mill Val-
ley; situated at the foot of Mount Tamalpals;
only fifty minutes' ride from city. Kates
reasonable.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City 7 9
a. m. train 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
CaL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hocland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect wlta
trains at Hocland. Leave Hopland at 13:30;
arrive at Lakeuort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New S- horse 14-passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Pas»enger» for Lakeport or Bart-
f«tt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Spring
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofOc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 6S0 Market «.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER A HOWARD. Prop*.
¦WHITE SULPHITE SFSI2TCS, Valle Jo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Kranciscu;
round trio SI. no stage fare; only -'j hours*
ride; 5 miles I from Vallejo; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, nturalxia. eczema, kidney liver anj
ttomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak»
1 for boating and bathing. Danctnc pavilion.
New bowline alley aad shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including , baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
Hotel del Cazadero— Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing, livery stable; flm-class
board. Sausallto ferry: round trip. $.1 "3. good
six months. Rates. $2 day. $10 to $14 week;
reduced rates by. the month. Villa lots for sale.
J. J. THIRION. Prop.. Cazadero. Sonoma Co..
Cal.. cr North Shore Railroad. 626 Market st.
';'¦. ¦¦';, •O'VTW In mountains CAMP
SUMMER HOME of Sonoma Co. MEEKIK
Pure water, equable -climate, lots selling $10
np;' cottages built by Meeker. $oO up; depot;
stores; restaurant: hotel; post and express;
telephone: sawmill: 90O lots sold: 30O cottages
built. Sausallto ferry. N. 3. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
GBAND , CEXTTBAX HOTEL. Guerne-
ville CaL — New management: thoroughly re-
i fitted and Improved. Headquarters for huntsrs
! and fishers. Rates IS and $10 a week. Ad-
dres* - F. PLATH. Guerneville. CaL
nORTH SHOEE HOTEI. — On Toinalea
Bay. Good table and accommodations. Hous*
gas-lighted Prices very reasonable. MRS. . J.
SHIELDS Marahalls. Marln County. Cat
BCHAEFEE"S O5O7E- KOSS VALIET.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. T;.i=>
mc«ts Sunday morning train-. Address UR».
MATT LINDSAY. Ro»« Station.
&TVXRSXDS HOTEI and COTTAOE3
Near beach; So acres beautiful grounds: spe-
cial rates to families: writ- for bcoStlst. T.
BARSON. Proprietor. Eanta Crux.
BELLEVUii HOTJSXn £1 Verano, So»
ucrr.a Co.. Cal Terras, (1 day and up; bos
mineral springs near by. Lens diatanc* tele-
phone: daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort, Santa Crua Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping at
camming. A. J. GIBBS, AUr.. Qtbba, CaJ.THE; -SAN FRANCISCO-CALL; r TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
12
CIiAIBVOYAHrTB— Continaed. 3
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS 1
Clairvoyant and business medium."' perma-
nently located at 17 Third st... next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the J
present happenings and portrays - events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied - with life, or -
have domestic, love or business troubles, con- 1
suit this great m-dlum and you will be told
how to overcome them ; valuable advice In -
all affairs of life; _5c up; satisfaction guar- I
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant. card j
reader; when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.Q.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207. •
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names, dates,
facts; readings daily. 017 Market, room 3.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy. -
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; las, 25c,
gen*<! 50c. 051 Mission st. nr. 6th; cpen/ Sun.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CARPET BEATI-TQ AKD CI_!A-TI-TQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without 1 removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market at.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 470. . ¦ ¦
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
sfnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresaes made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.Sauth 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel_ain3&4. GEO.WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.,carpet-beatlng works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CI»0THIHG BENQVA TING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 55S0.
CUBES BUPTURI i.
HUNTER'S positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 1208 Market St.; send for circular.
_______
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plate*, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grand building. 1005 Market. 2d floor; all
flrst-class dentistry at low prices. -
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns.$2 up; fllllngs.25c
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tista. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Suttr.
DKJGSSMAKEBS AKD^eamSTBESSES.
FIP.ST-CLASS artist. Just from the East, wish-
ing to establish her business, will make any
style of gown for the next 30 days for $3 to
$10; work and fit guaranteed; bring work
and be convinced. 723 McAllister st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory". 110 Taylor.
• JEDTTC ATIO-TAi;.
A BIGGER- school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West;
come and see. 8. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
- Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg., 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and . medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bdg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting give*
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— METROPOLITAN Business College, Gram-
mar and High School, 602 Van Ness ave. ; as-
-^sists to employment: free use typewriters at
homes. R. H. WEBSTER, ex-supt.. Pres.
COACHING arithmetic a specialty; $1 25 per
week; competent Instructor; life diploma.
MRS. M.xK. SMITH, 8B Pine place, off.
Pine st. near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual instr. 305 Larkln St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly) pres. Pac Bus. Col.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs. ; Juve-
nile*. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.,mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nallfen School, 113 Fulton,. nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
individual ins* true. ; all branches; day; eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt., com-
plete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo. ; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog or request.
__ BMPtOYWHBNT^J>3^PICES.__
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or 1 country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell et. ; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE. Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
. best help. Fritz Tamagaki, mgr. ; tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment .Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA_TT_P— rE_VL_.
A RESPECTABLE young American woman,
with a small child, would assist with light
housework for room and board ; city • only.
Call 225 Douglass st., near Eighteenth. \,
BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady., expert
experienced accountant, would ' keep books
evenings ;- typewriting, bills, statements, trial
. sheets. 4166 Seventeenth st.
AN experienced nurse wishes' engagements;
surgical or confinements: reference; - reason-
- able; careful, economical. Call or address
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
A LAUNDRESS, etc., wishes a few more half
days' work; 75c and carfare. -• Address MRS.
D., 14 Ringold st., between Eighth and
Ninth, near Harrison. •¦¦ .-. i ¦ ?.''.•
AN American woman wishes position as nurse
- to care for young children; wages $25. Ad-
dress E. S.. 62 Sussex st.. near . Glen_ Park.
YOUNG woman wishes situation general house-
work; city- or country; references. Address
Y. W.. Call branch offlce. 1041 Mission st.
SWEDISH ¦ ' girl wishes position • as cook or
' housework; wages $30; city or -country. Box
2451, Call offlce. .. . " '
COMPETENT woman wants position -as cook;
willing to assist in general housework in
, small . family. 508 Franklin - st. . ,'
AN Eastern dressmaker would -like a few- more
engagements; does good work; references.
., Phone Black" 1393. .', . .
FINNISH girl desires situation at' general
'housework. Address 243 Stcuart St.; tel
Red 26S6. '-' - - ¦ - - ¦'• ' . - ¦
COMPETENT German cook wishes position- In
private family or boarding-house; wages $40.
Box 2338. Call office. . -_
A RELIABLE woman, excellent worker, wants
day work; $1 35 per day: references. Box
.2446, .Call: office; half days. •-.'.-;
A 'i FIRST-CLASS laundress wants situation;
hotel or- residence; references.;-. 843 -Mission.
HOUSEWORK by the day or : week;:$l and
carfare. Box 2324, Call office,' -• - - ; - - , ,
•? • .''IV — _ ' .-..,1- r ¦ ¦ .
-OSGXSO-KOUSES TOU SALE— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050. 3
= 3 Eddy .st... cor. 1 Market and. Powell.
Headquarters for. Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All • Kinds of- Business Chances.
45, rooms: rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well .furnished 'and good running order; clear-
ing now over. $200 per month; always full; best
buy. in city; account sickness; price $4500.
32. room«; cheap rent:- 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location;- 2 -entrances: everything in
first-class condition; good* furniture and car- ;
pets: clearlg now $200 per month; if run tran- '
sient can clear $300 , to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city;- price $3200.
7-room modern flat," close in,- well furnished;
cost $C00: at bargain if sold at once; $300. ¦
65 -rooms: best "downtown commercial house
in city: clearing now $300 per month: every- "
thing flrst-class .condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or • Berkeley property or ranch ,
in California; 1 mus.t leave olty. i
17 rooms; rent only$70;. flne little apartment ,
house; ; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease; flrst-clasa. -
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished; *
clearing $500 to $600 per month;- must sell on
account of other business; only wit*, us.
24 rooms:, rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak- and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease. ." ..-..'.
180 rooms; grand," new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished. and equipped; cheap
rent; -fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month; .
close-in; full nice people; bargain if taken at :
once ; dissolution of partnership. . j
5 rooms and closets; Bast st; rent only $18; ]
good- furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go ;
to Germany; snap at $S50. -
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3. room apart- 3
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint- ¦
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar- -
gain" on account of sickness.
28 rooma; elegantly fur. family hotel oa Nob '
Hill; doing flne business ; .will trade for large i
apartment house and pay cash difference.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly •
urnlshed. up-to-date rooming-house; has flne !
bar; can b« run in conjunction' if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can.be paid out of the house: other business !
Interests demand immediate departure.
' 18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished little
apartment house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and ¦
up-to-date house: all men; — electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the beet. buys In the city. ¦> '
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part eash, balance time; price $000.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, ; balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat;- rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350.
¦ Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business .for exchange or trade always on hand.
.CAMERON & CO., 3.Eddy st.
A_ — i i : 1 A
• . — — —
GRAND BARGAIN.
12 ROOMS
• NORTH OF MARKET, ST.
CHEAP RENT.
PRICE $650 ONLY. $100 CASH.
SEE DECKER, 906 MARKET ST.
KEEP.
YOUR...
,„ . .EYES....
ON
DECKER'S
ADVERTISEMENTS AND SEE HIS BAR-
GAINS. '
SQUARE DEALING — EASY TERMS— CLEAR
TITLES.
28 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN FRISCO.
FLAT. SUNNY • CORNER, 5 ROOMS
AND BATH .*. $300
22 room*; sunny, corner: genuine bargain. $1500
lS-rooms; splendid boarding-house $1600
8 rooms; flat; newly furnished I. $500
Its rooms; fine transient, house $S00
25 rooms; Market st......... $2200
27 rooms; swell boarding-house; reduced. $3000
17 rooms; part housekeeping; a snap $500
10 rooms; sunny. t>lde;-n. . of Market $675
15 rooms; 'downtown transient corner $1350
30 rooms; exchange, for small house $3000
11 rooms;. must be sold .....'. $900
11- rooms; pickup: fine location $450
20 rooms; rent $85; a bargain $900
31 rooms; Mission st $1850
12 rooms; $200 cash, balance payments.,. $700
22 rooms; a money-maker; now $750
20 rooms; near Market. et. ; a snap.' $1000
7 rooms ; . nice ' home $400
21 rooms; compelled tolsell; see it $1600
5 rooms; modern flat; $20 rent $400
24' rooms; flne 'location; good 'income ....$1300
15 rooms; north of Market $350
16. room's; elegantly- furnished; only $1200
61 rooms; exchange for small house $4500
10 rooms: newly furnished $l$50
43 rooms; new house;- yours for.... $1*00
6 rooms; nicely furnished: only $250
14 rooms; Geary st. ; good buy .'. $000
16 rooms;- up-to-date: with piano $1500
5 rooms ; elegantly, furnished . $300
51 rooms; modern apartment- house $7500
31 rooms: Market St.;- for * exchange $3000
110, rooms;' house clears $600; offer wanted.
100 houses with 6 to 300 rooms; all prices.
• 20'Ro6mS : DOWNTOWN-RENT $40.
CLEARS $100/ PER MONTH.
' PRICE' ONLY; $800— MUST 8EL_,
H. C' DECKER, 960 Market st. Tel. John 531.
THIRTY, rooms,- nicely. furnished, lease.. $3500
¦' 26 rooms, all-men-roonvers, low rent.... 1000
115 roomx. low rent, country- transient. 5000
jj 81* rooms,- rent "only $55. ..'. COO
40 rooms, rent $70, ¦ transient. 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per. room 3400
'' Hotels and 'roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged. * . " i
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
¦ EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
7-ROOM house,. furnished, 'for sale; down town;
. good ¦¦ income. Box .2211,' Call-office.
LODGING house -for sale,". 46 rooms; furniture
in .first-class order;, bargain. - : Box 2268, Call.
24-ROOM 'housekeeping ¦ house; great bargain;
¦ account' sickness.' 743 ', Eddy st. ."'
9 'ROOMS;' call at once;' no - reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth. st.'
SEVEN-ROOM . transient house for sale. 131
st.' - . -, ¦
FOR sale or exchange for real estate— 20 rooms,
rent $40; with lease. $450. .847 Howard st.
A BRANCH office of The'Call for the reception
of -advertisements 'and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 L Market st.,' opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.m. ' « -•¦••-
<^;\ " ¦;; f -Sl t IBlTUAIJSM. : ;';_ n ,; . _
V?; G. KETEGAN. holds test seances every night
¦ except Sat. ; 10c; ; sit.; 10 to 5. ¦ 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c; 619 McAllister 'tt;; readings dally.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate- writing, h«al-
ing, developing.. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
¦ Ufa reader. -1108 Market St.. Gait House.
; "V : ''> /: - \OI^_CB^6TANTg. : ., ;
AA— rCall at once and -save* $4.; ., .. ;
:My,famous $5 'readings this week, for |1.
¦ -"PAUL. 1 DESTINE, '
The First * Registered Trance '. Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever, 1 n San Francisco.
I do 'hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I -fail to _teir your name, and
what you : want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or' sweetheart Is true or." false,' whom and whe_
you will marry; in fact,' I wlllitell every hope,
fear or ambition-better than, you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition 80 you will
reach } the . greatest -possible ¦ strength . in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in {business, ; mining, speculation;: I Implant the
controlling power . in ' your, nature . so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love,- • bring.' back, your, 'loved: one,, and . cause
marriage with ori« of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p.. m.; closed Sunday. - 326 O'Farrell St., 328.
FROM. ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
' NF.S8 THE WONDERFUL. 'DEMONBTRA-
TIO^S'.'OF THE .NOTED^ LIVINGSTONE.
• Readings $1. -.WouldMt' not : be -relief to know
. how; you will succeed, b« relieved of matters
<•>. that- trouble you- and of schemes of your ene-
.-. mies, that you may- meet. with better success?
.-. Then 'for reliable vreadlngj go to, Livingstone,
',, 428 ; Eddy st. ; - three F-narate . reception par-
. lors; lady attendants; hourslO.a. m..8 p. m.
ISM An, I Egyptian: seeress. The Vendome. 110
Market st.-, .San Francisco.- Offlce hours — 10
, . a.:rri: to 5 p. m^; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
•' day 'evening; B'to'S.v- Phone 'South 1141. .
A— Miss M. Wllle. S30 Ellis; clairvoyant crys-
< tal -seer, and life reader,'wlll tellyou exactly
A what-you* called~for' without' asking I a ques-
' 'tlon;, names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— Mme. -Ravenna reads ¦life;»buBlness advice;
,-: names ¦ given :25c. u'p> 835; Howardibet.4tl— 5th.
GO and see Mm». Hoffman,- the wonder Of the
.;,*_«. ' 1207. Market. st.; roomULiv ' v
. .- ¦ .''¦--,. - >. ¦ ' . '
7ZtATS TO IJST.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPA^ T ? IENT ,,_,
All desirable vacant houses and nats ar« list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1«V»
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to fla4
a place: we never fall; service free
STERLING FUR^ITUBE.CO^
OPPOSITE McALLISTSH.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advar.tagw <-f
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. _-w-_33
Geary st.. en tha square.
CASTRO, 421, nr. 17th— Sunny belt; modera
upper French sunny 11 rooms: balcony;
grand view: conv. for 2 families: $40: sta. bl».
NOE. 1C50— Beautiful new flat; sunny coraer;
5 rooms and bath; all modem improvements.
convenient to Castro and 24th street cars.
CENTRAL ave. 71. near Waller— Cheapest.
sunniest up-to-date flat; 6 Iarjs rooras a_ i
bath: near school; $23.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, cellar and yard. 824
Waller st. _____________-_---—
GROVE. 790— Modern middle flat; 6 roo_j;
bath: storeroom; adults.
SCOTT- SC5— 7 rooms with bath «B* la__-_T»
all light; close to Girls' High School
CUMBERLAND. 834. bet. J9ta A J*^*. 1^?-
bath, laundry; sunny, modern, der.gntrai, »--.
FREDERICK. 367— Seven large stiaay J22~*
and bath; desirable resldsnce district; *3Q.
Fn.' LMORE - 1124 - comer— 7 large, light room*
and bath: modern; rent $40. _
EW JOSE AVE., 919— New sunny Cat, 4
"rooms; modern; $18. AppW 3510 _ Is— an ««.
FREDERICK. 2S4. nr. Park pan_s_u_t9— _*_•
light stxnny flat: 7 rooras; rent only $35.
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 979 Saac!»e«
street. .
ELEGANT bay-window flat; « rooms and bat—
733A Mlr.n* t. _____________
BRODERICK. near Sutter— Elegant n»w mod-
em flats; ksy let: abundance sun ana H«n_.
BUSH. 2351. near Pierce— Elegant modsrn flaU
every room sunny; 2 toilets: gas, •lectrtclty.
NEW elegant flats. 8 rooms, bath: near Parttj
tinted: $25. B st. and Fourth av>.
MASONIC ave.. 1304A. near Waller •-— A
modern flat of 7 sunny rooms; rest $3&
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en L.YON & HOAQ. lift Montgomery st^
n7_mri~O— _ ro» sa__.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $T 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brtlllanf.
Furnitere Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FURNITURE of 7 rcoms for sale. Box 2205,
Call offlce.
A FOLDING bed for sale; price $S 30. Box
1968. Call offlce. - ___ >
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. _ arkat.
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
FURNITURE stoves, bought, sold. exchaagM.
Barger. 439 Valencia.nr.ieth.Tal.Charch 33 T9.
nT—WrTTTBE WAji-_P.
levt.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL Jessia 761.
Don't sell' your furniture, carpets, offlc* fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED— Carpets; must be in good condition.
Address box 2213. Call offlce.
CEAS. LEVY * CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpets.etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
WANTED — German or French cook, na wish.
$40; waitress, country resort, $25, se» lady
this forenoon; ironer on ladies' wear, springs.
$25; 2 nursegirls. $20; waitress, country
hotel. $25; 4 chambermaids ae<1 waitresses,
city and country, ?25; cook, country hotel,
$05- cook, some * housework, $35; 2 cooks,
delicatessen. $25 and $30; second girl. $20;
hotel cook, $35; girl for general housework.
Alameda. $30; girl fcr general housework.
Redwood City. $35; Protaetant cook, no
wash. San Mateo. private family. $40; North
German nurse and seamstress. $25; 2 res-
taurant waitresses. $S per week; second girl.
Menlo Park $25: and -, number of glrla for
general housework in city, $20. $_ . $S0.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33* 3ut_f.
A LAUNDRESS, institution. $33; second giiU
country. $25; cook, $40: cook, $35; ho— •
girl, $35; 2 house girls. $30 each: woman to
care for one child, sleep hom«. $20; won—
for light work. $17; cook and second girl,
same house. $35 and $25. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st. ¦
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS OV FAXCT
SHIRTS. STANDARD FACTORT, COR.
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
X— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entertas; now;
three positions to fill immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to flniaik
in one month for $15; positions a» trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 perwlcup;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Halrdressing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous halr;$5 3
wka.; day. eve. class: posit ion 3 secured, highest
-rages. Removed from 1238 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned, materials free: Inclose self-addressed]
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co..
No. S 4. Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED stenographer: steady employ*
ment: In city; state experience and salary
expected. Box 2445. Call.
WANTED — A girl for general housework ar.i
cooking. Apply between 10 and 12 at
2221 Pacific »vf.
WANTED — A young girl for general housework;
and cooking; good wages. 13S0 Masonic a-v*.
A NEAT girl for general housework and cook«
ing: references. 2C.6 Stetner at.. 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 744 Market wtH
room 2 1 .
TAILORESS on pants: steady employment*
Address box 1265. Call office. Oakland.
RELIABLE German or Swedish girl, house-
work ar.d cooking. Apply before 10 a. — . at
1114 Webster st. •
BOOKFOLDER and sewer wanted; also smart
girl under 17 years of age to learn. 7.
MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento s^
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p.. m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer ta
go to Sacramento. Apply Tuesday moral ng.
July 19, between 9 and 11 a. m. at HAL* 29
BROS'. _
A GOOD girl for general housework; no wash-
ing: small family. 1709 Webster st.
WOMAN with good education; must be capa-
ble; without incumbranccs. Box 2701. Call.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in Augnst.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.F\
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the receptica
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1G0S Market st!. opposite FIft_.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP W ANTED— MALI I.
AT • THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
11 3d st.. near Call bids.; phone Bush 4".*.
, /' •
Free fare. Ft«* fart.
25. butchers $3 50 day
25 skinners $3 30 day
25 killers ....$3 day
See boss here — Free fare — Seo boss here-
2 machinists, steady, lumber ca, $•"•"> found-
: Lumber .grader, fare paid J3 Jay
10 lumber pliers, steady |40 and founl
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
Fare $10 50. FLORENCE. $10 *> farc "
ICO teamsters and laborers $2 to $-¦*• 4_JJ
5 men to make shake holts. $1 50 to $1 T £_«'?|
Man to run shakes machine. . .$50 to $.0 M
2 Carventers, 8 hour*, country town.-*'
. CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. It Third st.
WANTED — Ftrst-class assistant marine en-
gine and boiler draughtsman: $4 per diem.
an txamlnatton will be held at the office os
. the U. S. Inspector of Machinery. Lnlon
Iron . Works, San Francisco. Cal.. July —
1904, to fill tho above position. For appUca-
t!on and further Information, address L. »•
Inspector of Machinery. Union Iron Worns.
San Francisco, Cal. - ,
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced man for
picture and framing store; state «!_v5_3_
references and salary expected. Box -*-ia.
Call offlce. -1 .¦ : -
A SNAP-2-chalr barber shop. 2 living rooms.,
furnished complete. $30; call evenings. — ->
- Etrhth st. \
RELIABLE man: light work; steady «™i o \"
ment; call to-day. 1113 Market »t., room *.
WOMAN wants work by the day : good laun-
dress; $1 25 day; no postals answered. 643
Minna St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a ' few mowe n-
gagements. Address Dressmaker. 1928 Mar-
k»>t-«t. ¦;
WOMAN wants work by day; Phone after 6
p. ra. Phone Scott 1324.
POSITION wanted by experienced dressmaker's
helper. 2223 Twenty-second st. p
A~FIRST-CLASS cook wants position: hot<£ or
restaurant. 324 Mason St., phone Black -~>»o.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking t°rmen;
country. 324 Mason St., phone B '_5_t_ — -
A FIRST-CLASP young ccok-want- P_»***r_«
family: $30. 324 Mason; phone Black -396.
YOUNG lady (German) would like a situation
as companion or to take care of children for
parties going to.Eurcpe or East in exchange
for expenses^ B% 2223. Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, with i
knowledge- of bookkeeping, desires a posi-
tion as office assistant. Box 2237. Call.
WANTED — By a refined middle-aged American
lady, position to do general housework In
family of two or three adult*: good plain
cook; best of references; sleep at home. Ad-
drtss'C. 1042 Larkln st.
WORK wanted by colored woman by the day;
house cleaning and laundress. S77 Natcma St..
n«ar Fifth.
WIDOW with children 2 and 3 wishes hoase-
work with adult or adults; best reference*.
Box 1027. Call office.
AN American girl would like position as cham-
bermaid in hotel or rooming-house: sleep
homi For particulars. R. C. 1042 Larkln.
A COMPETENT German woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper; best references; $25 up.
Address box 2241. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 50 and car-
fare. Box 2260. Call.
WANTED — Position by first-class bookkeeper:
thoroughly competent; 7 years" experience:
flrst-class references. Box 2224. Call office.
RELIABLE young Japanese woman wants a
position as a domestic servant. NISHI-
MURA, 292 O'Farrell st.. clty :
DRESSMAKER (Japanese girl) wants a situa-
tlon. Mission Home. 920 Sacramento St.
EMPIOYMEMT WANTBD — MA— E.
PRESENT employers want position aa book-
keeper or cashier for a tried, trusty, capable
and thoroughly honest man; consolidation of
two firms necessitates bis resignation, which
present employers accept unwillingly and re-
gretfully. Box 2818. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, accountant and
general office man desires temporary or per-
manent rosltlcn; quick and accurate; excel-
lent references and satisfaction guaranteed.
Address box 2444, Call office.
WANT permanent work with a wholesale
firm to do delivering and Fhlpping; got first-
class rig; will work either by the mark or so
much per month: will drive my own team.
Box 2343. Call office.
GARDENER, first class In all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's grounds, wishes situation on private
place; references. Address W. N., box 2217.
Call office.
LOCOMOTIVE boiler-maker would liks fore-
man position In railroad ahop; belong to no
union; experience aa a foreman and manu-
facturer 35 years. Box —23, Call office.
AN elderly man with references, very reliable,
wishes position as elevator runner or watch-
man; speaks English, French and German.
Box 2320. Call office.
INTELLIGENT, refined young man would like
posi'lcn of trust; will give reasonable bond
if - necessary; stats particulars. Box 2441,
Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, young man 21. with college
education, wishes position In office: has good
references; moderate salary. Address box
2296, Call office.
POSITION wanted ai bookkeeper or proof-
reader; no objection to leaving city. Box
2440, Call office.
YOUNG man and wife wish posltlona; man
good teamster and handy man: wife good
plain cook and housekeeper. Box 2411, Call.
JEWELRY salesman, thorough knowledge ef
the business, wants position; references fur-
nished. Box 2421. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position as porttr or
Janitor; references. Address 632 Mission St..
room tt.
STRONG .young man (German), willing to
work, can handle horses, wants . position;
country preferred. Box 2286, Call office.
YOUNG men (two), ambitious, wish positions
with a chance of advancement; no objection
to leaving the city. Box 22S4, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist with 20
years' experience wants steady posttlon; city
' or country. C. S., box 2361, Call office.
GROCERY clerk and bartender, young man,
good appearance, trustworthy and reliable,
. wishes steady position. RAY, 334 Third st.
TO tailors — First-class Swedish cutter, age 39
years, of practical experience, seeks situation.
Box 2440, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as cashier with
$150 for security. Address 315 Fourth St.,
San Francisco, Cal. ,. . %
YOUNG man wishes work as porter or night
clerk; handy around a house. Box 2450, Call.
NURSE- (male) wishes case; eight years* hos-
pital experience; thoroughly understands
work and can suDply flrst-class references:
massage : willing to travel. - Box 1763. Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced German
civil engineer; graduated in Germany; good
references. Box 1946. Call offlce.
EXPERT mechanic, tool designer, etc; 10
years in charge; high-grade Eastern refer-
ences. Box 19S1, Call offlce. >
A SALESMAN desires position with good firm;
references and bond. Box 1940. Call office.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwriter, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom St.: phone Mint 131.
A THOROUGH Japanese boy wants a situation
to make beds or as porter; has many years'
experience: wages $6 up a week. T. O.. 511
Bush st.; tel. Black 5034.
JAPANESE boy wants opposition to do hoose-
' work in family and small wages. U. TORI-
ADO, 420 Powell street.*
JAPANESE wants situation cleaning and dye-
ing cloth: with best experience. F. ODA-
MURA. 41SB Larkln st.
JAPANESE would like to work one hour to get
nice room near downtown. GEORGE, 433
Sutter st. ,
AN experienced Japanese wishes to do cooking
and housework in small family; has refer-
ences. FRANK, 1543 Larkln; phone Polk 2340.
JAPANESE wants situation cleaning and dye-
Ing cloth; with best experience. F. ODA-
MUR A. 418B Larkln at. -
JAPANESE would like to work one hour to get
nice room near downtown.. GEORGE, ,432
Suttcr st. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
JAPANESE boy wants a posttlon as schoolboy;
understands cooking; speaks well. Box 2432.
Call office.' -' - ' ______
JAPANESE wants position as ' elevator boy;
good experienco.' Ad'dress 110 Ellis st.
JAPANESE wants a position as echoolboy. Ad-
dress U. M.. 811 Stockton st. ¦
JAPANESE wants position as helper to cook.
1544- Polk 'gt.. phono Larkln 3S«2.
EXCHA-f OB. . ;
I HAVE some nicely- located lots in city will
. exchange for automobile. . Address box 2212.
Call office. . ' ' " ' ¦
¦ TREATS' TO > JLET----' U A— I -SUED.
HAIGHT. 1298, Buena VlstaT^orT^Central aveC
- .—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house bas all conveniences and is situated in
•elect neighborhood. ; ». ; ;
HYDE. 731— Beautifully. furnished, modern flat
7 rooms; piano,' phone; rent $50; 2 to 4 p. m.
GEARY. 2103— Cozy flat: . newly furnished-
¦ re-nt ?35: or will sell; $300.
GROVE. 1457— Flat, 3 rooms: complete for
housekeeping; $18; - central location; adults.
riiATfe roa SAi-E-^rTj-tinsir—D.
NEWLY furnished 7-room flat, used S months-
roomers , pay expenses. Phone Fell 1237; no
. agents. , . . . • . , ..
$450 — 7 ROOMS; newly furnished. . cozy flat;
rent. $40;. ba rgain. 1015 Post st.
FURNISHED flat. 6 rooms, for sale: very rea-
soablc; .nicely furnished. Box .2250. CalK
1 :™"nPbffiffl5* for " le - " nt *«!*
N TaTe,' U^_ t _^4.^au r o^V at ' CTmPlet ' ;f0r
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS v.-ar.ted te> »ell our nigh-srade nur-
ttry »tock; liberal commission: cash advanced
<-n order*- rjtftt free: cxpirience and capital
ret n^ce-teary If vou, have push and energy;
a few iholc» fields ctili oren; write before
e-figned. Chico Nursery Co.. Chico. Cal.
FINE lircrcsition fcr man with high-class
reference! calling o:i haberdashers and job-
bers throughout California. Department K,
Century building. Indianapolis. Ind.
ATTO3KEYS-AT-1AW.
r.. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
f,th floor; entrance, room 611: established 15
>*ars; all- cases, general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or fcr consulta-
tion; eveninss by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AliVXCE tree en all li?gcl matters; divorces a
rpeclaltr: piivato. quick: ro pay in advance.;
niininfr rpnipanie* x>r«anlzed:patents obtained;
G. \V. "HOWE. 1122 Market rt. ; »stab. 22 yrs.
PENSION 8«>v--M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
|T« practice: refe. from many thousands of i
e.Mdlers. sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
i iftc Coatt fcr whom I have secured pensions.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful ; cpen evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE- fie«; divcrce ¦ costs $12: no fees er
costs in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. S19 Market »t., r.33.
ADVICE fre«: divorce cost* $12; all cases.
Room 465, Parrctt bldr., S55 Market *l.
L. S. CLARK. 0C7 Market »t.; consultation
free; r.o fees in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS 'and tensions— SONNTAGS PAT-
ENT & PENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
AUTO— OBHiES.
FOR sale— Bargains in 1903 autocar, Plerco !
motorette. two-cylinder Toledo with ton-
neau. White Stanhope: any reasonable cash
offer considered. WHITE GARAGE. Mar-
fcf-t aivJ Krarklin stF....£an Krancisco, Cal.
BARGAIN— CADILLAC; seats four; canopy
top: in fine condition. Box C331, Call office.
OLDSMOBIT-E for sale for StOO. Box 1970,
Ca!! office.
PIERCE STANHOPE runabout for sale; price
$750. Address box 2272. Call office.
WANTED— Rambler automcbile. Address with
price, etc.. bcx 19S7, Call office.
FOR sale — White Steam Touring Car; good or-
der; $1500. Eox 2255. Call office.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A. Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: 10". 25c. 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
_————————_—_——__—__— —»__t
__BIBDS,^l)OOS f ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $5 each;
largest variety degs, birds, cages, etc.. at low
prices. 1544-46 Market et.
_ BOABDCTO rOB CH II.DBEIT. ,
GERMAN lady .wants children to board. 100
Leaven worth st.. cor. Golden Gate ave.
| BOOKS. •_
DALY 4 CURRAN. second-hand booksellers.
rtmovM from 206 Powell st.. to 857 Gory »t.
_BUSIITESSjC_AlfCES^_
A— 12650; CORNER grocerj' and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission: place
established years and tirst-class paying; full
value in sight: See R. G. WILKE, 26>i
Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rtnt $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lea«e. See R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— X15.G00; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; cr owner will take a partner for 5S00O;
thi» is a most beautiful and bept located
first-class paying place in this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny it.
A— $6500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE, 2tT-fe Kearny et.
A— $1SOO; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club roorcs; pianqc dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
* well-adveitised/ and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny gt.
A— ftiOCO; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about H block from Market and Ellis
els.; place doing a rushing business; value
in sisht; owner must leave for the East.
See R. G.' WILKE. 26H K-.arny st.
A— ?450;. BARBER ehop; 3 chairs; established
5 years: best location on Geary St.; cheap
rent. Particulars R. O. Wilke, 26^4 Kearny.
A— ?S50; CORNER saloon; rent $30;. located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
sts.; a rood business; owner engaged In
other business cause of eale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny et.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and - sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
_2«>4 Kearny et.
A — $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, .rare
chance; "restaurant In San Rafael; daily re-
«elptK (25: rent $30; good business; value
in sight: patronized by beat class of people.
gee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— J1000; SALOON in the Potrero. with- 6
rooms; rent $M>; place established many years:
good business; investigate: this Is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rouniJed by wholesale houses; no night .or
Sunday work. ¦ R. G. WILKE. 26\j Kearny.
A — S45O0: SALOON, located in Wateonville:
rent $47 50: 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 26%
Keamy st. • -
A— S25C0: LEADING hotel in the best business
town SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
rtinlng-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel butfness ' in the interior. Call R, - G.
WILKE,. 2C% Kearny st. -
A-JTiMO; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent' $30; 5 years' lease; value in
sight; one of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars- R. G. WILKE, 26 ii
Kearny st. ¦
A — $2250; PARTNER wanted in ¦ one ' of the
Jwst paying corner saloons In thia city;
d^ily receipt* about $40; place clears net
above $300 tier- month; location first-class.
gee R. G.. WILKE. 26?t Kearny st.
A— 51000: SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stot-kton ets.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKB. 2CH Kearny gt.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 'M &
Kearny st. • "
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on -Montgomery st.,' vicinity of
California; olace must be secriflced on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«>j Kearny st. ,
$400 — PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
$3500 — Hotel -and bar, 30 rooms good barg.
$22 5-S3000 — Restaurant and branch . bakeries.
$85O-*8O0O— Saloon with lease; good bargain.
5S50-SSWX) — Grocery . t bars: stand lnvestlgr.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.'
$1260— BAKERY In the country; bake 14 bar-
rels flour a week;. Z -horses; 2 wagons; bar-
galn. BERG 313 Kearny.
GOOD paying bakery; 'fine .store trade;" for
•ale at a great sacrifice. HAWK 8 . &
MEHRTENS, 7th and R.: R. ave.. Alameda.
i $100 WILL buy a good paying, restaurant.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh »t. and
Railroad -ave., Alameda. - ....
; WANTED^— If you have real estate, improved
or unimproved," lodging-house, grocery, sa-
loon, butcher shop delicatessen, branch ba-
ker}', cigar stand, 'or a place of bus! nem of
any kind for sale, list it with THE SEAL
HOCK INVESTMENT CO., 418-419 Callaghan
building. 1312 Market at.; tel.' Folsom 3408.
A SNAP — Delicatessen and grocery store, also
living roorr.s; the only one in neighborhood:
rurrcunded by apartment houses: owner lcav.
Ing city. S£AL«BOCIC INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market. st.; tel. Folsom 3468.'
I FOU "sale 'or lease, 'a* hotel' In 'one" of "the" best
. towns en ¦ the'- Sacramento River. 'For par-
ticulars, address, box 1988, Call office. . .
GROCERY and, bar in manufacturing, district
for »-ale: full -xtock:, irood bar -and -grocery
trade. Box.— 73. 'Call office. ,
FOR SALE— Restaurant in . good locality on
Sixth st. : price $350;" rent $16;- good trade.
Address box 2300. Call office. ..
SALOON for -Bale, or partner wanted; cheap.
Address. '769 E«5t Twelfth, St., Oakland.
JWiOO— PARTNER wanted in first-class hotel;
good town: -PRINCIPAL.' box fl2 64,-Call.
BARBER ehep -for "sale on< account of other
business. 1S85 Mission ' st. ' - . •; t -..• l ••
$350 — BERRY and delicacy »tor« with living
rooms." 379 Haj't-s tt, "...;...
JOHN" V. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Addrcfs Comrr.unlcations to
W. J. :<£AHTIX Cubiucss Maaager
Ark ror THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department "iou \Msn.
Publics lion O'.^e ilariift ar.d Third. S. F.
Iia.torial F.oomE 'J17 to —1 Sttvcn-on tt.
bcUver— Carrier '-'^ Cts. Per > v f' k - "
Cts. -Per" Month Sir-glf Ccpi'-S. - tts
Terms b> Mall. lnclu<I,n? Poctace tt-dfb
DAILY CALL «lr.;lud. "ar.da**. 1. >'- r " $ f'K :
DAILY < ALL trach»L Sunday). 0 mos.. IM]
DAILT CALL— By S;r.g!<- Mouth '%-
POXDAT CALL. I Jf— » : f-22
weekly call, l Vcar •••••¦u';^?
i Da-1- i ;^ *•'¦* Per Year Extra
FOREIGN- j t?.? r ' d - a v- 4 j 5 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE • viVkiy. i CO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ATrTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
faerie Copies will re rcr^ardtd tchfn re- ;
Quested.
Mail eubscrlhert in ordering eh *v ge u°L-#^
£:*¦!* itocld r^ particular to give both >eyv j
A.VQ CLD ADDRESS in orier to insure a
pro_pt er.a correct ccrr.F'-Iar.ce »nelr re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101C Broadway Te'ephene Mt!a i0*«
BEKKELEY OFFICE: ¦
21<S C*r/.er Prreet Telephone Norta IT
WASHINGTON COF.HESPONDENT:
EJ_tC_O V,-. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOKK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.acrf-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. ol ,
t>.!on Square: Murray Hill Hote!; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel an-J Hoffrr.an_IIouf!e.
CHIcicO NEWS STANDS:
Rxt__ Hcuw: P O News Co.: Great
Ncjthcrn Ho'fI: Tremor.t Hcuse: A-Jdltcrlum
r3^tf!. rc-mer Kcure.
CHICAGO nnPT^ESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KHOGNESS. .Marquette Building
<Lcr,K Distnr.ce TtKphone. "Central C619.")
NEW YORK r.EPF.ICPENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN E. SMITH St» Tribute Building
NET- YORK COHRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAF.I.TON...^.. Herald Square
DrSIN'ESi 1 OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Ca!!. rorr.fr Market and Third rtreets; cpen
or.ti' 12 o'clock every r.'elit in the year.
EF.ANCH OFFICES:
ISK*. Market street. cri"> f< 't«' Fifth: open until
ii r n>.
_7 Mor.-.?5meri- street, corner Clay; open
vut-1 9:5T> p. m.
E«» Hayt6 street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
GK> McAllister street: epen until 0:30 p. _ .
«15 Larkln Ftre»t: open until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission street; op^n until 10 p. m.
S2fl Ilarket street, corner Sixteenth; open
. until 3 p. a
HL Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Z^f>i Vfci*nria street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncitheart corner Church and Duncan streets;
«^pen until 9 p. m
Noitiiwett corner cf Twenty -second and Ken-
tuckv ftrt-ets: open until 9 p. m.
2C<Vi FP.'.rr.ore Ftre«t: optn until 9 p. ra.
MEETUTO yOTICES.
CAL1FOKNTA Chapter No 8. R. A. M.. _
will meet THIS 'TUESDAY) EVEN-'VSf
ING. July 19. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated /?\
m«*tin£ and R. A. degree. By order
cf the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ®
A. M — Called meeting THIS (TfEb-YY
DAYt EVENING at 7 o'clock. /VN
TMrd degTe*. By order of VI". M.
EDWIN L. METER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodfe No. 144. F. and A. ©
Its— Firtt dtgreo THIS VV
EVENING st 7:30 o'clock.
A. S HUBBARD. Secretary.
HALL cf Unity Lod?« No. 27. A. O. U.
¦W.. 223 Gutter st. — Installation of of-ip^S^"
fi«-re will take place THIS EVEN-tSgS^
ING. July VJ. A good time is expect-
ed. A. W. TUGGEY. Master Workman.
H GFaMSHAW, Recorder.
THE otfic»rs and members
64 W. O W.. zvf- r*QJ-?if- >» ¦Tljj'ft.
e<! ?r attend it' funeral i«^!lb*W>jrfWj»-*3
nt our late neighbor L. kTS^T*. ¦ r^jgf-t- y
E»OLET. TO-DAY <TUE£- '¦•*''¦
DAY) at 1 p. m.. from the undertaking par-
turi of Iaccheri & Bacigalupi. 629 Broadway.
l*tw«n Dnpont and Stockton sts.
W D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN' T. ODONNELL. Clerk.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the Stats
of California will hold the regular meeting
end examination in the Civil Service Com-
mission. City Hall. San Francisco. Ca!., Au-
gust 2, 3 ani 4. 1904. beginning at 10 a. m.
Credtrtials should be filed with the secre-
tary some days before the examlnaticn.
GEORGE G. GERE. M. D., Secretary.
EOCTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Fccretary, New York. June 15. 1904. Notice
to etockholders.
To the Stockholders ot Southern Pacific
Ccmpany:
Nctice is hereby given that the board of
directors cf the Southern Pacific Company
• t a meeting thia day held called a special
r..'-*v:r.c of the stockholders cf eaid company
?o convene at the offic* of the company la
Eeecfcmoat. JeCerson County. Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day cf July, 1&04.
at 11 o'clock a. _.. standard time, to consider
ttii act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at taid meeting in substantially the form
trd to the effect following. vU:
'•Resolved (1). that the capital stock of th«
Southern Pacific Company be increased one
hundred million dollars by Issuing one million
¦ £ditic?ai chares of the par value of one hua-
Ared do'lars each."
"Reeo;ved (2). that the said Increased stock
•kail be preferred stock; that the holders of
»uch preferred stock shall be entitled to divi-
e>ndr in each fiscal year at such rate, not ex-
«**ding , e*-ven per cent per annum, payable
*«i5i-a— :ual!y out of the net profits, aa shall
be declared by the board of directors, before
try fiividesd shall be declared on the common
neck; that ruch dividends shall be non-cumu-
lative; that the holders of such preferred stock
«ttt!l not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
«>tbcr cr further ehare of the profits of the
company; that, '-?on the dissolution of - the
tf;mp*-.y, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
ef preferred etock shall be entitled to hav*
lh*jr ~*res redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part cf the assets of the com-
fcttiy shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock; that said preferred stock shall b«
iceued and cold from time to time to such
amount* and in such manner as the board ot
dii^cturs may authorize and determine, but
et set Ifss than the par value of the shares;
. that it *hail be convertible Into common stock,
thare lor thare. at the option of the holders,
et ar.y _3_; and shall be redeemable at the
cpticn of the ccmp«ny on or at any time after
the tret day of July, 1305, and beror* the first
Cty of July, 1910, at cne hundred and fifteen
ioilarz per chare,"
"Resolved iS). that the board o? directors
«0\all t-e and they are hereby authorized to es-
tablish, frcm timt to time, and enforce all
TO— rules and regulations respecting the ls-
t as, sale, redemption . and conversion of such
»-, v . t. . not Inconsistent herewith, as in thi
- i'.rrr.cr.t of the board may t>« necessary or
e-xr^dU-nt."
For the purpose of such epecia! meeting the
ttcck transfer books cf the company will b«
<los»-d July 14, 19C4. at 3 o'clock p m •, and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1&04, at 10 o'clock
a. m.
-ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
THE California Debris Corr.mirsion having re-
ceired applications '. to mine ' by hydraulic
- process Xrora E. A. Moody, in Good Luck
mine, near Geld Run, Placer County, Cal.,
draining into Squires Creek, which reaches
Bear River, and from Eagle Bar Placer Min-
im; Co., Limited, In Eegle Bar Placer mine*
¦ near Forest Hill. Placer County, Cal.. drain-
ing into 7T:'.£ile fork of American River, gives
r.otict that meeting will t>e he!d at room 9«,
•• Flood bu'.l<2!r.g, San Francisco Cal.. Aug. 1
jyo4, at 1 :S0 a. ra.
tPRKCI— :LS Sugar Company. NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
m<*Ung of the stockholders cf the Spreckels
?u£ar Ciir-ruiriy to-ill be held at Uic office
ft tb* co_t— iy. 227 Market St.. San Fran-
. rifccc, on MONDAY, the 25th day of July.
. :?U4. at tae hour of 11 a. m., for the pur-
: ficse cf electing a board of directors to serve
; for the enr-jlnr year and for the transacUon
<;f tuch othtr business as may come before
the meeting. Th* transfer books will close
— Friday. Julv _. 19C*. at U p ra
W. H. HA NX AM. Secretary.
MONTEREY County Water Company. Notice
in of s-sual meeting— The regular annual meet-
*r.g . cf the stockholders of the Monttrey
County Water Company wiijbe held at the
• ifice cf the cempany, ."527 Market st. San
' ' I*rauc-Jseo. en MONDAY, the 25th day of
S'-Ju!y. 1905, ot t!ie hour of 11:30 a. m., for
•.!.e purpose of electing a board o? <JirecS£rs
to terve fcr ¦ the 'mining year and for>*nie
•:.-..-.>a'-iir:i of sue!) other business as may
come before the meeting. The transfer books
mill close on Fridny, -luJy 22. 10W. at Tt p.m.
W. H. HANNAH. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Itisdon Iron and Loco-
•nottv- .Works —^Tlie annual 3ne»ting- ol the
¦ rtockholders of'th*; RUdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the flection of trustees for
the ensuing year end the transaction of suca
• th'r buEiner.s as may he brought before the
~ meeting, will he h*ld at the office of the
company. No. 20? fit*— .rt street. San Fran-
cieco. on MONDAY, the lit day of August.
J9U4. at 11 a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR, Secretary.
fjonttousd^
. ;- , . .- . .'• .- . . j
A— CAMERON & 'CO.— Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell. ]
Headquarters lor all -kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnish-td 5-room ark, moored
cue hour's ride front city ; fine chance for J
summer outins: ali>o for winter shooting and j
fishing: ' completely furnished and' equipped I
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
¦ making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12 <
people over night: perfect little home; owner 1
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON 1
& CO..»3 Eddy st. . ' -, . v v '
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. cr business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy. '
WANTED — To exchanso income property in ¦
AlameJa for stock of merchandise in S. '"F.;
value about ?*(X0. CAMERON & CO., o Eddy. ,
FOR. sale— Carriage and wagon factory and
gv-neral Jobbing: established 27 years; well
located and equipped tvith modern tools, etc. ; ]
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate, \
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.'
FOR exchange^ — Lot, 25x125, with cottage,
Eait Oakland; high basement,, cement side-
walks, everything first-class: on direct car :
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000. :
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St." . -. • ' i
1 i
FOR sale— Flrst-clsss electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO. i
$000 — OYSTER and chop house; choice location; '•
average dairy receipts $27 50 now; fine pay-
lng business. Merchants' Agency. 1008% Mkt.
$1500— RESTAURANT, coffee and lunch rooms; ',
established 13 years; run by same party; 4
living rooms well furnished; rent $50; cause
sick n ess. Merchants' Agency. 1008% Market.
5350 BUYS a well-paying branch bakery and
delicatessen store; desirable location. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY, 1008 tt Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT; factory dlst; long lease.
Grocery and bar at Invoice; snap.
$1100 and, $500— Swell flats: Van Ness ave.
?500 — Grocery and liquor store; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.»
$1100— FIRST-CLASS saloon on Market st.:
rent $1M>: 2-year lease. 121 Valencia st.
$250— BRANCH bakery; 4 nice rooms; rent $15.
H. C. KOOP, 121 Valencia Bt.
$350 — WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references:
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007H
Market st.. room 1.
FOR sale cheap— Complete laundry plant; for-
merly operated by Central Linen Supply
-Company. 411 Shotweil Bt.;-must be sold
within 3 days. H. B. FIELD. 1045 Market.
CANDY, stationery, icecream and variety busi-
ness; growing town, Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call on J. SEIDL & CO.. 610 Bat-
tery st. ¦ .
$1250— BAKERY in prosperous mining town;
3 " horses 2' wagone; receipts $35" per "day;
rent $30; lease; no opposition; trial given;
everything complete. 87 Third st.. room 14.
A— $250- PARTNER wanted;, light business;
big profits; new stock. Western Inv. Co.,
231 Post st. "
A GOOD tinner with a small amount, of money
will find a fine proposition at 005 Folsom st.
HOME bakery for gale. 1550 C^ftirch st.
HEP.E is a chance to make money at home:
send $2 to S. H. STUART, 415 San Pablo
ave. Oakland, and learn how to make mlr-
rors' (looking-glass), bore holes in glass, cut
glass in any shape without diamond or steel
wheel: right In your own town: this is a
money-maker: satlefaction guaranteed. .
FOR lease — Hotel; furnished comDlete; accom-
modate- 22 boarders; 2 bars; 2 dining rooms;
best location in California. Box 1259. Call
office. Oakland. '
$2000— GROCERY and bar; good location; bar
trade over $500 a month; full Investigation;
nice stock and fixtures; electric llghts;-cash
register: rent $40; satisfactory reasons for
disposal. Box 2404, Call. -
BAKERY and lunch parlor; 2 wagons; 5 years'
lease; baking over 1000 loaves dally; cash
business $70 per day; $2000, half cash, bal-
ance in trade. Address box 1254, Call office,
Oakland.
FOR sale — A good paying ' saloon, lunchhous*
and bowling alley; proprietor goes to Ger-
many; no agent. Inquire at 36 Geary st.,
room 45. ¦ :
$400-^OLD established cafe and restaurant;
good trade: seats 60; 4 private rooms; rent
$26; fixtures cost $800; good -reasons for sell-
ing; see owner. 890 Valencia st.
CORNER grocery; bar; fine -fixtures; long
lease; low r.ent;- doing good business: bar-
eain if sold in few days. D., 3153 24th st.
DELICATESSEN, dairy produce and bakery;
established 26 years; good stand. MILLER.
423 Fourth st, . _' . . -
PARTNER — Detective, and collection (estab-
lished), small capital. Room 25, 1014 Broad-
way, Oakland. 1 a ¦"
$1300 BUYS the best saloon in town of '2000
Inhabitants: . don't buy until you see this.
California Investment Co., 777% Market. st.
Established hardware and . paint store In busy
location, San Francisco; small capital. ¦¦ Call
or address Owner. 871 Broadway, Oakland.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure parlors on
leading street: clears $200 month; must be
'told on account of departure. Box 1773, Call.
FOR eale — A- large- bakery- In -country;- dears)
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137. Call.
CIGAR stand for sale; price $140;- rent $9;
good location; receipts at present average
$5 50 per day. . Address box 2290, Call' office.
YOUNG man with $100 to" buy half interest' in
good paving business. .917 Market, room 1.
WANTED — To lease small hotel, furnished, in
country. Box 2256, Call office. - ' ..-
FOR SALE— In Oakland, a grocery store.: do-
- ing' good business. - Box 1971, « Call ¦ office. -
COAL yard for sale in Oakland: Kood location;
good trade. Box 1038. Call office. ' . ¦ ;
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with lease.; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 158.4th.
A ERANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. , ¦' * • .
LODQIWO-HOU8— rO» SALB.
MARION GRIFFIN,
400 Hearst, bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. , Tel. ' Black '8607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale. -
10 rooms, new and beautifully, furnished,
nearly new house; if you want a' nice homeand
good p.aying business at almost your own price
Investigate at once. ¦ . '¦;-.'
- -... -.. . marion: griffin.. ...,-. .
14 rooms; .corner house; .excellent location;
always full of steady- roomers 1 ; $800 cash is" all
you need: . s*e. MARION • GRIFFIN.*
: Extra • flne: 105-room ¦; modern -, apartment-
house; • long lease and lowest ! rental of? any
similar house fn city; guaranteed .to. claar over
$300 per- month the year around; -if '.you
. looking, for. an investment for the greatest»re-
t turn on ¦ amount invested, for full '.particulars
see my only agent, MARION GRIFFIN, t
1 40-room hotel; located In' heart- of the city's
. fashionable neighborhood; money maker and, de
. slrable home: get particulars from M."> Griffin.
52 rooms; corner house; every. room occupied;
a $175 monthly profit; lease;' price $4000; % ; cash.
$850 buys, ¦ this week only, , 15-roem \ house,
j centrally., located, . well». f urn. and worth $1500.
"$1100; 19 rooms, newly "furnished, "and 'all'the
" cauh required is $300.' MARION* GRIFFIN."
$800 is all I'm asking for my 20- room > house ;
t welli furnished; .absolutely., worth' double* this
amount snrt clearing now, the dull season of
the year, $75 per month. ¦-••- -.- -'.-¦. — %
t Buyers," If you do not see what- you are' look-
' ing. for on. this. list,' call at. office; no trouble to
give information; 1000 places to' select from.
• ¦ MARION: 'GRIFFIN. .
. -. ' • MITCHELL & CO., . , . •
1206 Market st. • Phone Jessie 2981.
• Rooming-houses, hotels and flats;. will sell any
l house; -part, -aih. balance easy payments.
- 16-ROOM house; rent $-!5; lease; good'- bulld-
; ing: running ; water in every- room: ... always
¦ full; occupant *lx years; price" reasonable.
- Box 1810. Call office. '. •
r ' " ' ' '
LODGING house for . rent,' 43 . rboms.- 8 .-baths;
.near Sutter and Hyd». Address for particu-
g l«rs; only. principals need ippJy. ' Box l&tiS,
..Call office. ...... •;; , ¦_ ....-¦•¦ •.:-;¦'»•;,.*«;.
TO WANT IS HOMAi-fO 111 THE WANT 15 THETHE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL,?: TUESDAY,; JULY, 19, 1904.
13
_ggLP_yAiTTEI>— MALE — Continued.
WOODSMEN. $40 and found, fare refunded:
ecrew turners for mill. $60 and found, fare
refunded: barker. ?40 and found; teamsters
for lumber company, $2 T5 day; jobbing
blacksmith and phoer, $2 60 day; choreman
for institution. $25 and found; man about
place, *35 and found:. 2 farmers and wives,
$35 and $50 and found; farmers. $23 and
found: n.nd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C28 Sacramento st . "
WAITER and wife. $50 and found; porter and
wife, country resort. $45 and found; broiler,
516 week; hotel waiters, $30; porter and
choreman ar.d others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. OS Sarramento st.
AT HORD &. SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. Ho Third st
Competent oile driver enelneer, $100.
See employer here.
5 laborers for crlvate estate, $2, boss here.
Laborers for Monterey County. $2 25. :
This Job will last all eummer.
Florence, Arizona, laborers. $2.
1050 miles, fare $10 50.
Laborers for quarry, near city, $1 75.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
042 Commercial et.. near Kearny.
Phone -Bush 833— JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Carr-cnters— 6 carpenters, Wg co., long Job,
SSO and found, north; 3 rough carpenters,
L. Co.. $3; 5 lumber pilers, $35 and found;
20 laborers, big pipe line, $2 25 to $2 50 day;
S laborers, telephone and pipe line. $45 found;
farmers, milkers, sawmill, woodsmen, etc.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
1 eight m-eeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer anj catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department in a etore
situated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1802. Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
encc Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st
BARBER shop- at transfer point: 1 chair;
everything first class; nearest shop 3- blocks
away; cickness cause of selling. 3216 Folsom
st. corner Predta ave.
WANTED— Boy from 15 to 17 years of age for
stock clerk and to learn the dry goods busi-
ness. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added . 100 new rooms to the Den\'er House,
217 Third. st; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
traJe: Coyne Bros Co; School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St. Louis. Mo. . .
MEN and women to learn the barber trade in
flve weeks; new method; paid while learn-
ing. HA1GHTS. C47 Commercial st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
1 1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
A BOY about 15 years of are to work • in
flower store. Inquire SOS Valencia st.
WOODWORKING machine hand for furniture
factory. 2147 Folsom - St.. near Eighteenth.
BARBERS— One-chair shop for sale; receipts
$23; rent $3. 3147 Twenty-fourth et.
A profitable outing: pick hops in August. Writ?
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st.S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy, r. 415.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
shipt. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis. r.40. Phelan bids;.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 room-; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1O0S Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ALL sizes men's ehoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission St., bet. .1st and 2d sts.
GET your *hoe* half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission rt. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAITED— SALESMEW.
SALESMEN wanted— Agent*/ dealers and
storekeepers, cart In business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods; you can control entire local
trade with our line;, fall line 350 up-to-date
etyles of woolens, fashion displays, etc.. now
ready and .furnished' free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory; experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A. Washington boulvd. and Union. Chicago.
KELP WASTED — SOLICTTOBS.
SOLICITORS — Men and women for a mercan-
tile certificate ; low numbers; good pay. 1312
Market st., room 419.
FOR SALE— 2 PAIRS OF HACKNEY-BRED
HORSES, 4 AND 5 YEARS OLD; EX-
TRAVAGANT ALL-ROUND ACTION;
SOUND AND THOROUGHLY BROKEN TO
ALL ROAD NUISANCES. APPLY JAY &
KIDEBOTTOM. REDWOOD CITY; PHONE
216 SUBURBAN.
.GOOD second-hand hack, top rockaway, tan-
dem and lady's village cart, top wagon and
phaetcn. cheap at O'BRIEN'S, cor. Polk et
and Golden Gate ave.
FOR eale — 35 head of broke and unbroke
horses weighing from 1100 to 1300 pounds.
Inquire at 1945 Union 6t.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
FoUom st
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR oale — A saddle horse, very stylish, sound
and perfectly gentle; lady can ride him. Ad-
dresa box l'WO. Call office.
FOR sale — 1 large platform wagon. 3 express
wajror.s. 1 covered wagon for camping. 233
Beale st.
VERY pretty little saddle mare; young, sound,
gentle. 2C46 Mission Bt^ phone Capp 5593.
TOP buggy for sale. Inquire 123 Hickory av».
FOR sale — An easy riding buRgy; good run-
ning order. Bex 2229, Call office.
BAY horse, <$ years o'.d. for sale; weighs 1100
lbs; high bred; price $100. Box 2271. Call.
NEW ar.d second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for clr-
culsx. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,20 Montgomery.
$'J7 50— SUNNY 9-room house. 1SS2 Green
st. rear Lfliruna. -
HOUSES TO LET — FXJENTSHED.
TO let on account of departure: elegant 10- 1
room house; partially furnished; marine
rent reasonable. Box 1930, Call office,
COMFORTABLY furnisheiThouse. 7 rooms and
bath. 1416 Taylcr st, near Jackson, over-
¦ looking lay; open 1-to 4.
rjm _ r IMVfcSTMEHTg. ,_ _
$100 INVESTED will net large returns in a
few months. No stocks of any kind for sale,
neither is it a set rich quick scheme, but it
is an Investment that will bear closest in-
vestigation and in which your money is- well
•«*Uf«5- MORRILL & MEYER. 225 Parrott
pulMlng. Kan Francisco.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented. exchMg^dT~manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel.Park 775.
LOST Ago FOITHP.
LOS" 1 "—^ S an , L «fn < J">. folding wallet contaln-
ing $1000 check. National Bank of Com-
merce, Et. Louis; no value to finder; payment
•topped. Return to 2516 Shattuck ave. Berke-
ley. ' ' '
LOST r'i A^ y '. 8 S? M ,. watch . *°lng from Pacific
Mail dock to Market st; monogram C C G
and small picture Inside; $10 reward. Finder
. return to 651 Ramsell at.. Ingieslde.
LOST— Left on express wagon, one sailor's
. bag; on Fourth. st. ne* Berry. Iteturn to
•jAascscAmt "' be falrly ' pald>
LOST — Solitaire diamond *ar screw; liberal re.
ward. Return to 514 ¦ Devisadero st.
LADY'S silver Elgin' watch, monogram A F •
suitable reward. R. BARTH, 134 Sutter st
LOST ASP FOUXD— Continued.
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions Coral work at
one- third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores; 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— July 10, lady's round gold -pin, ame-
thyst setting, from Fremont to Market to
Key Route. 1 o'clock boat. Return to E.
WILSON, Peterson's boat. Reward; keepsake.
1 — — -^ _____________ i_j_^_
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
¦ and Loan Society of San Francisco in the.
name of JACOB STEINER; No. 210-199.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — 1 initial enamel sleeve button; "R.J.E."
Reward If returned to 321 Geary Bt.
EAPITCHEB rOB HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of City
at. ; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 634.
J. Mkhaelia Launch Co.,Union-st Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart 8t:tei. John 2tS86.
MATTBES3ES AlTD PILLOWS. , . v
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-84 Howard gt.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — If you are. in trouble, confide in me.
Relief t;r irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
ihese conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE)
physician h«re who can say this. Call or
I writ*. Confidential. E»t 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST. .
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my method*
are p&lnlees and reliable; no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and • irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years', experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe.
male troubles and. irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market at, opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's, syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale drugelsts. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints.; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the m«st difficult cases treated;
_adv!ce free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth st. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.^
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny it.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. cure, never falls;
?2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st. corner
•26th; ladles, relief or po fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— POB SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK~?
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO... 130-182 Beale st
FOR sale — 1000 cuckoo crocks, elegantly carved;
good time-keepers: nice for' presents; tratit
supplied. J. B. WHITNEY. 120 Sutter st,
room V2. ¦
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
_etc._WHITELAW, 2M-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and jewelry en small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEK'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st, rocm 12. upstairs. ¦:¦!¦••
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry, for sale .on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlorT
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
vpstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR rale — New style National cash register:
small size. 539 Stevenson st.
3*, 4". 6" PIPE, in lots to suit; good condition;
cocks, valves and fit. THOMPSON, 40 Main.
BARGAIN — Cylinder press type, racks. GA.
BR1EL PRINTING CO., 419 Sacramento st.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
FIREWOOD; large load: $2 delivered. E C.
a PITCHER. <ith and Hooper: tel. South 375.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DONNELL. 1021 U, Market st
SCHOOL bc>ok3 bought and exchanged. King's
¦ Old Book Store, 61 McAllister st.
HOMERS. Runts. Runt crosses; Al squab rats.
ers .stamp for cata. C.\Vtlson,229F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. ' Peter Bacl-
galnpl. moved to 786 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
_^new;_26xl6^_319_Thlrd st; tel. Main *13-
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
__^1 CO- 122 Market et
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
miscellaneous WAarrs.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
WANTED to buy a liquor license; no agents.
Address L. L.. Call branch, 1041 Mission.'
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing Tel.
Davis 825; C5O Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 164 Oth st. ; tel. Jesale 2S51.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S72 Mission; phone Bush 467.
_JKOKEY TO LOAN.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-002-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust
etc.; legacies, life estate* and undivided in-
; terest* in property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL • LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town .
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490, Call office.
S/.LARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confldentlal and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.*
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
640 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch.- 19 .Third!
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses,, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolroan. 653 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month'
absolute privacy. . Phone Bush 484.
ON ' real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK
1003 Mutual Bav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
¦ MONEY TO IiOAIT— -Continued.
MUNICIPAL l6aN OFFICE, 907 Market «i
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; « no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; -gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and - precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. . :
V MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel -mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan an«j'
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton Bt. • •
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. FJ Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
" charged. ELFVING, 610 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL, 600 Examiner building.
.MUSIOAIi XNBTBUKEHTS^^^
A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights-
Heine grand, $475; Gabier, $350; Krell. $375;
Heine $236; Stelnway, $325; Mason & Ham-
1 in. $285; Knabe. $160; Fischer. $115; Behr
Bros., $187; Crown, $140; Ktmbail, $«6; Em-'
•rson $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard. $97;
Collard, $55; Investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary at.; . Oakland,'
li!32 Broadway.
HEADQUARTERS for . renting pianos, both
new and second-hand", from' $2 60 per month
upwatd. We have at this Umo some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 5B0-C2-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good upright?, returned from: rent,
j comprising such makes as Chickerlnir, Vose,
I Steinway, Steck, Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman.
I Erard, Hairiefi and many others: prices rea-
sonable; eauy terms: all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SOI*. 16 O'Farrell st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rente!
In July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter.
A FISCHHR upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st. i
$f0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale;. $S5.
fcTATHAM, 110 McAllister st. , , - .
SOHMEK, Dyron Maury pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st. .
NEW fcprlEht rlar.os sold on $5 monthly pay-
_ments. HCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st;
3-PEDAL Stciiiway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlngcr. little used. Ketffe'g. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STOBES TO LET.
MARKET, U15— To rent for term of years, one.
half of store-room; btst retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post at.
PERSONALS.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM, . .,
Complexion specialist, has opened offices "at
131 Powell st, between O'Farrell and E11U;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfefet. IjaRginess of .'the eyeis, freckles,"
lost contour, smallpox plttlngs, etc. ; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin:
all consultation free and contid&ntial, either
by mail or person: I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
; , ,
A SUIT cr overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made, to ortler for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can ge.t. bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. ll-'7 Market st. bet. 7th' and 8th.
DR. KOWELL'8 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore- throat, etc. Sold by all- druggists- for
over 2u years; price . r >Cc. Manufactured solely
by.ROWELL & Et \VN, 32 Turk st. S. F.
THE Star Hair Usmfedy restores gray hair,- Im-
proves Its jrrow.th. stops falling, cures dandruff
und itch.ng we rip; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses s-ealp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A' REPUTABLE pliyW-cian'Of 1.2 -years' experi-
ence treats 'Irug habit* by the. safest, metii-
edsr correspondence. »<9ollcite4; strictly, con-
:0dent!al. Box X234, Call olflce.
Cancerous lumps, sorer. Impure blood (affecting,
skin, mouth, bor.es, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled fpL-ciallst from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, '-i'l* Grant ave. Wcm cases cured. '
"VITAL ring" produce* healthy clrculafibn,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcoecle.
. etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
reconi. them. Dr. BurnarJ Co., HO Geary; S.F,
AA — OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new, knives, forks end *r>oons done, very-
reasonable. 012 Howard -£t. -
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Marke* st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
WANTED— The address of MISS EMMA
URUNN. by JAS. W. RILEY. P. O. gen, del.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. IM Montgomery st.
j BEST white lead. 7c per pcund: special to
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mlssloh^st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.\V.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit- Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restore lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO... 3524 13th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. COO. Mies Eaton, 23.1, Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - ¦ - . ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
IK pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. PAUJISTBY.
A— MME. LTMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
* mm — m ~" — — —
PATENTS. •____''; " r "
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AZTB SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and restdence,-
1 021 14 Market 8t : .- bet 6th -and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid* to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st ,.
REMOVED— DR." WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth^
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Lr Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and^ teas._727 Washington st
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
eaees cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at
DR. WONO HON. 310 Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.' >
STOBAaE^AOTrWAMKOTjrSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage' & Van Co. ; furniture.,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third;, phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 760.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored..
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice P6st and Powell sta.; tel. Prl.. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126. "
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made/ 840
Mission Bt.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany. : 2320 Flllmora tt.;. phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st, tel. Main 1840.' Shipping at cut rates.
w^Jf??EWBrrEBS AKjD_ SOWMJJCBS^
AN exceptic-nnHy good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. ¦ $25; other typewriters at
Mgher and lower prices; rentals $2 60.. The
Typgwrltcr Exchange, 636 California st :
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
¦ Webster Typewriting Inspeo. Co.; 60S Market.
--.-¦¦- . : '¦-,•- ¦¦'.VXAVI. -.•¦• ¦•...-,'-¦ "
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed 'free Invited
¦VIA VI CO.. 8304 Van Ness ave.
ponrr Richmond eealestate.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per ace; lots
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIOHT. 401 Cal.st.,S.F.
BEAT. ESTATE TO EXCHABTQS.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
-F. A. BARR, MANAGER.
SUITE 807-808 CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes .
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this doable purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make Is that your property, if you wish us to
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF* ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it .has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco making -a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
$2100 EQUITY In Berkeley reaidenc* to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly improved
or unimproved country property In the Bua-
fian River sectlco; Berkeley property con-
. elsts of 0-room residence, lot 45x134, with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dreas box 4927. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America, — Th» Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in ttae
United States or Canada one year for $1.
booms pob KOjcrsszEsjpnra^
CALIFORNIA. 12S0— Two elegant furnished
rooms; kitchen attached; mod. conveniences.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
mom and kitchen, connecting; reasonable;
no children.
EDDY, 523—2 nicely furnished room» for
housekeeping.
EDDY, 933— <4 finely furn. or unfurn. rooms;
private residence; fine location; phone; ref.
ELLIS, 1178 — Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
bath, phone, etc.; rent $20; no children.
FELL, 806— Suite of rooms; sun all day; grand
view; housekpg. privileges; upper flat; reas.
FULTON, 233 — Two connecting rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
FIRST. 228, near Howard — 5 sunny house-
keeping rooms; business center; rent mod-
crate.
FOLSOM, 1797, cor. Fourteenth— 2 sunny bay-
window and regular kitchen; furnished for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $18.
GOUGH, 211 — 3 sunny corner unfurnished
hcusekeeplng rooms; gas, bath; adults.
HAIGHT, 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple; phone; references; call
1 to 4, 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON. 748 — Large eunny front parlor for
housekeeping; price reasonable; location good.
HOWARD. 737%— Nice -front suite of rooms
for housekeeping; reas.; other rooms.
HOWARD, 1071— Young, couple will rent house-
keeping rooms; new, modern and reasonable.
HYDE, 913 — Elegant unfurnished parlor
. suite, with kitchen; |26 50. r
JESSIE. 3.T0 — Sunny room, front, furnished
housekeeping; gas range; $2 and $3 25 week.'
LIBRARY- bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooma; reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine^ —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suits; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN, 819*4 — :Large eunny front rooms;
light house-keeping if desired ; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1,007. cor. Post— The Cragburn. H.Bur-
I'.ngame, prop. :rms.. single &. hkpg. apartments.
MCALLISTER. eS'^-Two Urge, unfurnished
rcoms f«.r housekeeping, $18; also two par-
lors. $20. * ¦
OAK, 117, 538 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
S.~. to t!2: gag range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 120— 2 connecting housekeeping
rooms: large, sunny; running water; gas
range: $t; ateo single. $2.
O'FARRELL, 776. bet. Hyde and Larkin— 2
unfurnished, $15, and 1 single furnished. $10.
O'FARREIX. 1.181. near Lacuna. Ellls-st. cars
— Furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stoves
and every eonvenUnce.
O'FARRELL. 1TO4-1395— New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced prices.
PAGE, 278 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
PEARL. 3. cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
kctpir.g rooms; no children: phone.
POST, 217, near Grant ave. — Lovuly rooma for
light housekeeping; single or suite.
SACRAMENTO. 14»0— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rcoms; running water; gas stoves;
reasonable. \
SHOTWELL, 221 — Four furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; parlor floor; yard; rent rea.-wn-
able.
SOUTH PARK, 84 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 128 — Four unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; no children.
STANYAN. 1111 — 1 large, sunny, unfurn. rms. ;
pantry, bath, up-to-date house; adults; reas.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell st— Partly fur-
nlshed bay-window suite; always sunny;
al.<o cemplete housekeeping rooms.
THIRD. 314 — Housekeeping rooms $2 and $2 50
per week: also sleeping rooms.
TURK. SIC— Parlor floor of four rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms; gentlemen.
TURK, 1147, near Jefferson s<i. — Elegant new
sunny apartments; adults; ref. Apply 10 to 4.
TWELFTH. 232—3 nice connected rooms; com-
plete; regular kitchen: laundry: sunny.
VALENCIA, 732 — Three or four sunny rooms;
furnished; upper flat: no children.
APABTMEHT HOUSES.
ST. CECILS. 115 Fell, above Van Ness' ave.—
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat.elec. light. elev..gas range.
FREDERICK (The). 901 Stanyan — 1 to 6 room
aparts., fur., unfur.: private bath, steam heat,
janitor service; terms reas.; tel. Page 6166.
OCTAVIA 51 — 3 or 4 room apartments, furn..
unfur. or partly fur.; new; modern very reas.
ALTAMONT. SE. cor. Washington and Mason —
3-rm. apartments, fur. and unfur.; prl. bath.
ST. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET— mrn. and TTnfora.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooma
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth it.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
AVERY. 29. off Geary, near Flllmore — Sunny
parlor In new flat, $8.
BAKER. 1412% — Two furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen. ¦ . ¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
EDDY. 432 — Elegantly furnished, sunny parlor
suite; bath; also single rooms.
EDDY. 47S — Sunny front rooms, also single
. rooms, for. gentlemen. -'.: -.-¦ : ;
ELEVENTH, 21 — Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 1060— Rooms, single and en suite;
sunny; bath; breakfast. : ; c
FILLMORE. 923— Furnished room to let
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O., ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all conveniences; $11 £$12.
GF.ARY. 1418— Sunny front room; pleasant
home. - . . •
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also slr-rle rooms; $2 to $S week.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HARRISON. 520— Sunny furnished and house-
' keepinr rooms.
HARRISON. 74S — Nice single furnished front
sunny room . for lady; price only $0.
HARRI8ON. 784^a. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; |1 week vq.
HELP WAITTEP — MALT: Continued.
A— MURRAY ft RKADY. C34-K36 Clay at.
ITirne Main 584S.
Leafilng Emrl^yment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
• Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
l>anlth language.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hooe to
• ••••¦ Men Work. Increase 60,000.
PANTA FE R. R.
Is rood to u». we arc good to you.
1050 Miles. FLORENCE. " $10 50
ARIZONA.
Via Present. 8 p. m. daily.
PrilUrs. $0 to $3 SO. Center'
Teamsters, ?2 to $2 t>0. of
:--: ¦ . $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
COOKS. ...
3 co.4cs. boarding hotels. $40 and $55 found
4 xtiBh and pet washers, $25 and $3i> found.
Waiter, arm work. Fresno Co., $40 fd.
•J *&iterf. commercial hotel, south, $30 fd.
Jronw. $12 a week.
MECHANICAL.
Edseraan, $40 and found.
10 fhTglere, different country jobs.
MOLDERS.
* :rr>Ti moldcrs. boss here.
'"arper.ter and cabinet-maker, ' stair building
c ity, $4 60 day.
Shingle "Jointer, lumber cempany, Eononm
<-"our.ty. $30. $45 ar.d found.
Iran niolder, fare $1, foundry, $3 to $3 50 day^
4 plumbers. $4 day, country.
Wheelwright, csj-riage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare POe. $3 day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Grader, lumber company north, $90
T*il edgerman. fare $3. $2 25 day.
£rool tender, lumber company, south, $50 fd. j
12 cooper*, alack work, steady. 10c barrel,
t cash and door hands, $3 60 day.
2 lurr.ber Erad-rs, boss here, $im>.
t.uir.ber pradcr. boes here, $3 day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company. $75.
3 men, make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here. $50 and found; 2 screw
turners; '2 carriage setters; hook tender; &
»hinjf!e parkere.
Gang charcoal burners, 10c to 15c sack.
Laborer, <Io little butchering, mine. $32 50 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
»2 milkers. SW. $35. $40 and found.
12 farmer*. $30 and found.
12 chcremen boys. $30 to $15 and found.
12 stablemen. $30 found. $60. $75.
LABORERS— TKAilSTERS.
LOOK.
15 laborers, city, board yourselves, $2 25 day.
3 brick wheelers, south, $67 60.
3 hay balers, ISc ton. I
. laborers ar.d teamsters., $2 and $2 25 day.
12 laborers 'or mines, you'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Plaoer County,
$50 and found: . • "
4 farmers and wive*. $40. $50. $60 found.
MURRAY A READY. G34-636 Clay st
TO LOS ANGELES. $1 60.
By Ear.ta Fe R. R.. 6 p. xn. daily.
155 teamsters. Jl CO.
The land of sunshine. Inilt and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, cer.ter cf craryre and lemon groves
MURRAY & READV, C34-636 Clay St.
MACHINISTS, understand box machinery. •
4 palr.ters. paper-hangers, S hours, $3 day.
LOOK.
Budder for a nursery. 10c fare.
•6UAiphter-hou*e butcher, fare $1 $60 found
MURRAY & RKADY. C34-CS6 Clay st.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
23 laborer?. ?1 75 day.
MURRAY & RKADY, €34-636 Clay st.
4 carr-enter?, chy job. $3 to $3 50~<Say]
1* mrn, make sash weights, city, job.
Ulicksmith. woodworker, city. $3 day.
£ole leather man, shoe factory. $70.
BlacUstnith, cltv, f-\ week.
look:
First-class lineman, donkey block line south,
lumber company. $75 and found.
Man ta take charge or vinegar plant, $15 to
•/I'll weok.
- carijer.ters, fare 81. $3 50 day.
<"arr:age blacksmith. Sue fare, $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, ekop, carriage and wagons; no
fchoeinir: faxe 25c; $.5 to S3 50 day.
• MURRAY & READY. C34-t£KS Clay st.
BREAD baker, fare $2 R0. $14 week andfdT"
look:
2 young rnen. city mill. $9 a week
German-Swiss milker. $35 and tound.
LOOK 1 .
Plumber, fare $1 25. J4 a day.
Automobile washer city $75.
Look:
. JQc&a donkey man. woods, fare $2, $65 fd.
MINERS.
25 rninw*. eingle hand. $82 50.
4 lumber pliers, coantry, $2 day.
Farmer and wife, Santa Clara County, $45 fd.
LOOK.
« carpenter*., factory, country. $3 50 day.
Blacksmith helper and shoe, city, $3 day. "
lilaeksrr.ith and *oodworkt-r no shoeing, $3
<lav. - •
femer.t finisher. S. C. C; non-union.
Blacksmith helper, no ehoes. $32 50 found.
Parr.ter. factory, fare 2vc. $2 50 day.
Timberman for mine. gold. $82 50 found.
1* muckers, mine. gold. $t>7 50 found.
Fireman, gold and copper mine. $25 found.
Teamster, snake logs. $50 to $1)0 found.
FOR A MINE — BOSS HERE.
Man for chores, wife help housework, $60
tor man. wife's wages arranged.
Baker, city. $15 week found.
Your.g man as porter and tend bar $20 fd
MURRAY & READY. C34-G30 Clay st.
CATTLE BUTCHERS.
KXIFE MEN.
FREE FARE. FARE FREE.
EAST.
NON-UNION MEN ONLY WANTED.
.IF
Experienced afcd competent, willing to sign
tjor.tract, with good baggage, yourself sub-
ject to careful inspection, expecting NO
SNAPS, willing to go anywhere we send you,
call at our efflce at once.
wages.
. $5 day and found. That's business.
$2 50 day and found. That's all
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 Clay tt.
YOUNG men everywhere, cory letters, home
• evening*. $9 6y week; eend addressed en-
vetoXw for rarticulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
box I4U. Philadelphia. Pa.
YO i« ICO KJ * n of coo<1 ntb;t8 t0 d° office work;
*90 rxr ruenrh; must have small capital.
'-'^n 1018 Market tt.. rocm 4.
ONE or two men ta learn a good trade; steady
work; no n:pht or Sunday work; $25 security
needed. Apply 310^ Folecm et., upstairs.
BOY wanted. JOE ROEENBEUG. S16 Market
ttreet
F7KST-CLAef? curtain and drapery talesman.
Box 2323. Call.
YOUNG- man to learn barb*r trade; paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
A YOUNG man to drive butcher waxon AdI
rly SCHRADER BROS.. 1372 Market et.
A WIDEAWAKE man: important position-
must be free to travel. Box 2447, Call. '
BARBER shoo for sale ch»ar>. in Mission dls-
trict. Inquire H. BARNARD, 104 Seventh.
..WANTED — One-chair barber shop on instail-
mects; city or country. S310 Twenty-fifth st
EARBEJl wanted— Steady. 6 Post st.
STRONG boy for palnl rhop. 120 Eddy et.
WANTED— Boy. 24 Commercial st.
BAP.BER wanted. 203 Third st. '
BARBER wanted: steady. 202 Fourth st.
BARBERS — For sale, good paying two-chair
barber ehop. Corner Fourteenth and Folsom.
'j J.K.MAN in good standing can make $200
month. Box 2706, Call. .
PAPERHANGER and tinter wanted. 3782
Twenty-fourth rt., near Church.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; no reasonable
oCer refused. 1090 Valencia st
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop; good
pay tor right man. 1338 Market at.
GKNERAL tailor for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Eutter «t.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 258 First st.
BARBER wanted and young- man; one year's
exjierience. 627 Clay Bt.
13ARBER shep In Western Addition: good
stand; "ow expense; can be bought very
reasonable. Stoltz Barber Supply . House,
72;; Market st^
FOR sale— Three-chair barber shop at 604 Fol-
ioib st.. near Fourth.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
rood talktr, eater to make money, F. PER-
PON. «77 and 478. Parrott bull dins.
WANTED — City drummer. Brownstone Wine
<\>., €43 Merchant st. •
BARBERB— For sa>, rood paying three-chair
barber shop. Corner Fourteenth and Folsoro.
DRY goods salesman; capable, energetic; roust
und-erstand window dressing; references; new
•tore. Box 2207, Call office. ,
BEAL ESTATE — CTTT— -POB SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST STREET
$3,000 — Cottage on Turk street, near Devisa-
dero; lot 25x137:6.
$9,000— Hayes-street investment; - lot 27:6x120
• '¦ - to rear street; level block; stores and
¦ " i houses.
$10,000 — Yerba Buena st, near Sacramento
and Mason: lot 46x90; 4 flats of 6 rooms
v . • and *bath each; rents $78 per month.
$3,C0O— Rents $44 per month; 3-story tram*
building containing 18 rooma in separate
tenements; lot 25x80; Clara street.
$6,000 — Sacramento st, near Jones; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; marine view.
$5,260— Mason st, not far from California;
- cottage house of 5 rooms and bath.
$5,900r-8th are. (Richmond District), not far
from Point Lobos ave.:- 2 modern flats
of. '5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$50 per month.
$5,500— Scott st, near Halght; 2-story and
basement residence of 7 rooms and bath;
. . perfect condition throughout; rents $36
per month.
$3,000 — Rents $30 per month; Allen st, off
Hyde, near Union; lot 40x60; 4 flats of
3 and 4 rooms each.
$4,600 — Leavenworth st. near Jackson; house
. -.. of 6 rooms and bath.
$4,000^ — Laurel st., near Sacramento; modern
cottage pf 6 rms. and bath; lot 25x112:6.
$5,500— Larkln-st. corner; large lot C8:8x|
. 137:6; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
. . unobstructed marine view.
$5,000— Rents $42 50; store and flat; 25x125;
business property; Castro and Market sts.
$3,600— Rents $40; 4 flats near 3d and Town-
¦ ¦ send; double frontage; a bargain. •
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Ravinss Union Building.)
$3400 — New 2-story residence; Seventh ave.,
north of the park; Just finished; 5 rooms,
bathroom, basement; a well-built pretty
home; between 3 lines cars; sun In every
room; lot 25x120; very cheap; to arrange
about payments call at office.
. . W. J. GUNN,
..'., . .. ;.53O California st.
FIRST time cri. the market, 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner 18th
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; just the place for
houses' or flats; only $t>0 per front foot
Where can you beat this?
' O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montromery »t.
ATTRACTIVE old English dwelling; just com-
pleted; 9 rooms and bath; choice location;
beamed celling; walls paneled In natural
woods; open brick fireplace; window seats,
j etc., a thoroughly swell home, complete in
every particular; terms to suit. 905 Ashbury
st, take Haight or Ellis transfer to Ma-
sonic ave.
$1 25 PER week; no interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school. . ;
W. J. WHITE.
v • -26 Montsomery st, room 8..
A THREE-STORY pressed brick building in
Oakland; three More* and 25 rooms above and
oil leased; lot 50x100; In the v;ry business
center; building cost over ?10,CCO and lot Is
worth $20,CtH); this property can be bought
tor $37,0CG: 1 must have money at once.
Address Owner, box 1258. Call office. Oakland
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 312 Callaghan bid.,
will build on ycur property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 "6f balance due. making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
S ¦* NICE lots, west side Eleventh ave.. bet.
Point Lobos and A st. ; overlooking bay.
Park- a'-d Presidio; gas. water, sewer in
block: 'the best lots in Richmond district for
the money. See owner. 211f» -Point Lobos
ave., between -10th- and- 41th aves.
$500 DOWN: balance $1*3 Der month: cottage
5. rooms Vind bath en 21th st. car !ine. .
$2.S00— House of C. ruonis and bath on West
Park St.; must sell, going away.
- - - D. COFFIN & CO., S303 Mlssdon-'st. j
$8CtO— 3 NEW. •.flats. 4-4-5 rooms; 4-room. cot-
¦ ta-ge and- barn: corner lot; 25x114; rent $S3.
2f8 Vlcksbure st. .
BLOCK of new Colonial flats near Park. C
rooms?.' bath, cheap- for cash; also on easy
payments; "B st. bet. 3d and 4th aves.
MONEY at <> p»r cent for the full cost of build-
tn*rs and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-S Crocker building.
ALL work gurrqnteed first class by AHL-
RACH & MAYKR. plumber?. M36 Howard tt
BEAL ESTATE — COP1TTBY— Tax Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
(US Market st.
THREE cottages and 10 lot* in Camp Meeker;
also 2 erttnees at Monte Rio. Sonoma
County O. W. WENDT. :»247 lath st.
LAND in Ean Joaquln for tsale or exchange;,
irritable: alfalfa proposition;- no agents.'
Owner, 454 Thirty-fourth st, Oakland.
SAJT MATEO BEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; % cash.
Menlo Park — A .fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition:
for sale at a bargain; ir> acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks— Land In best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded: In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building Immediately.
SKLBY. RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California «t.
BERKELEY ADVEKT'S'XTS
BEBKELE'Sr BEAL EBTATJE^^
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
• ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot'25xfOO: 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac; within hi block »430
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY, 1056 University are..
Near" San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
6 ACRES In the heart of town, with cottage,
windmill, 40«)0-cal tank, large .barn, cow
shed and buggy shed; fronting on macada-
mized street, for sale at a bargain; there's
money In It
JOS. J. MASON.
SE. Cor. Shattuck and Center St.
FKUITVALE APVEBT ? S ? TS
'. VJtl'ITVALK II KM. K<*T\TE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply.
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. ¦ • • -
OAKLAND ADVERTS'M'TS
". . OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
I HAVE Just completed two new houses situ-
ated at 10C3 and 1065 Market st," near
Twelfth. " Each house has 7 rooms, bath 1
plate-glass windows, open plumbing and I
finished In llnwood, oak and mahogany' very
, central to both local trains and schools and '
business center. I MUST SELL ONE OF
THEM AT ONCE and will make price very
low and terms easy. They are 'open for in-
spection daily and you wilt find the owner on
the property. IF YOU WANT A GOOD
HOME at a low price and on easy terms
' . now ts your chance. \ ¦
$750 CA8H, $11 monthly — New 4-room cottage
incomplete: assorted young fruit orchard'
large portion set In choice berries and vine !
fruitage; Al nandy loam soil; city water;!
¦ near . electric car line, away from fogs and
winds; close to a fine 3-story public school
and adjoining East Oakland: corner lot, lOOx
• 207 on main county road; a delightful spot
and fine Investment: price in til $1600. Call
or send for circular. 466 Seventh st, opp
Broadway station. Oakland;' carriage free
.H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR sale at a sacrifice— New. modern house of
9 rooms; everything first-class, Including
fence and- lawn;' lot 50x100 ft. ;• owner built
house; elegantly furnished; will, sell all or
part; easy terms. 656 Brockhurst st. near
32d and Grove sts.. Oakland. .. ,
OAKLAMP i'U J&n IT U KE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furn£
ture, H. Bchellhaa*,Uth et.cor.store.Oakland.
BOOMS TO LET — JTnrn. and Untnrn.
HARRISON. 830%— Nice sunny front room;
$6 a month. •
HARRISON. 2408, between Twentieth and
Twenty-flrst— $5; tunny front room.
HOWARD. 640 — Quiet, respectable bouse fcr
quiet, respectable men; clean room. $4 SO
month ; sunny front room, for 2. $2 23 week.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 1274. bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2 sin-
gle rooms; one $5; one'$0; snnny.
HYDE. 019 — Large front aunny room; nicely
furnished.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Largs front
room. 2 beds. $3; single. $5 month.
JULIAN ave.. 160. nr. 16th st— 2 sunny unfur-
nished rooms in rear cottage; rent $9.
MARKET, 1049A,The Falmouth — Sunny rooms ;•
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MISSION, 665 — Front room, furnished, $3.
MISSION. ST2— A suite of rooms; suitable for
a doctor; rent $23.
NINTH st.. 147 — Nice- single- roan: rest reason,
able.
OAK. 399 — Nicety furnished front room, witii
gas and bath, for one or two gentlemen.
OAK. 407, near Laguna — $1 50 week, new.
bath, quiet, clean, sunny. See Sundays or
C p. m. week days.
OCTAVIA. 1537 — Sunny furnished rooms 1 ,
phone, bath, running water; references.
O'FARRELL. 829 — Hous«keaptng rooms; cheap;
running water; after 11 a. m.
PERRY, 42— Sunny front rooms; reasonable;
gentlemen.
PINE, 827. near Powell — Large sunny furnish-
ed room; running water; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light*,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50: week, S2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath".
SACRAMENTO. 1363A— 3 rooms, separate en-
trance; rent $7.
SIXTH. 240 Vi — Furnished rooms, day. week or
month: location central and reasonable.
8UTTER. 622 — Sunny front rooms, with hot
and cold water; bath; also single rooms.
TAYLOR. MSB — Handsome sunny room;
suitable 2; $10: large front parlor, piano, $15.
TEHAMA. 481— Furnished rooms to let; doubla
or single.
TENTH. 2S2 — A front bay-window room, fur-
nished; rent $6.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
NE. COR. LEAVEN WORTH ANT>
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3 "
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot ami
cold water: baths free; $3 to $6 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day ;electrlc elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. .1104 Market St.— Offices 09
the first floor to let: furnished rooms tn suits
or single, by the day. week cr month; tran-
sient solicited.
THIRD. 135 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
2 OR 3 furnished or unfurnished rooms to let;
near Twenty-fifth and Shotwell sts.; In pri-
vate family. Box 3289. Call.
UNITED" STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 3oc to $1 night $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 71 — 2 large rooms; sun all day;
fine view. Phone Fell 1041.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
13a to $1 SO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth st— Rooms from 13c
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
VALENCIA. OfiO — Sunny front room in privat*
fam.ly for young lady: breakfast If desired.
VAN NESS ave., 31 — Nice furnished rooms;
frood location: prices reasonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BOOMS AHI> BOARD.
. HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAU-
TIFULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST
CORNER OF VAN NES3 AVE.. NOW
THOROUGHLY RENOVATED ANf>
EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE LATEST IM-
PROVEMENTS. IS READY TO RECEIVE
GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. COR. GEARY ST.
HOTEL KEPELIER. 781 Sutter— 8ultt. with
board for two $50 per month up; single,
with board, $25 up; also rooms without
board.
BARTLETT. 418 — Large sunny room, well fur-
nished; running water; pleasant location;
board.
PINE. 1C0S — Nicely furnished suits, tlngln
rooms; excellent table; private; phone Pollc
3001.
THE COMORA— Large lawn, sunshine all
around; a bllHanl-room; a good chef an I
courteous attention. 621 O'Farreil st.
BUSH, 804 — Comfortably furnished room, salt*
able for two; bath; board.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas. ; new manag.
ELEGANT sunny front room: modern: private
family; first-class board. 1203 O'Farrell st.
ELLIS. 45.'! — Nicely furnished rooms witn
board; reasonable; also French table board.
FRANKLIN. 11C5 — A pleasant sunny suit
of rooms with board.
GOUGH. 1120, nr. O'Farrell— Excellent board;
sunny rooms; home cooking; ft 50 and $3.
GEARY, 1212 — Sunny front bay-window and
single room with board: running water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1046 — Sunny front rooma
for 1 or 2: bath; phone; good board.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room.
tlng'.e or double. $5-$6 wk.: American family.
TURK. 822 — Nlrely furnished sunny rooms and
I board; reasonable.
Steventon Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
107 California — See rooms.learn prtees.try tab!»
BOOMS A3TP BOARD WAJTTED.
BY lady and daughter, with pet dog. suite cr
large alcove room, with or without board;
north Market; south California st. ; r?fln?d.
Box 24 13. Call.
NICE room, including washroom; suitable for
2 gentlemen: breakfast and dinner; reason-
able. 1254 Eddy »t
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST.
You make no mistake when you buy or
rent a White; you get the best sewing ma-
chine value on earth; we are offering very
special bargains In a lot of new Whites,
slightly shop- worn; they go while they la«e
at one-half and one-third regular price. City
offices — 300 Post st.. 1S41 Fillmor* st ana
708 Valencia st
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at an/
price: all kinds rented lowest rates.' Domes-
tic of flee. 1021 Market st rear Sixth.
_^ PROPOSALS. —
NOTICE to contractors — Notice Is hereby giveri
that bids will b* received by the City Clerk
of the City of Eureka. California, up to and
including August 9. 1904. at 7:30 p. m., fur
the construction of the extension of the pres-
ent .sewer system In accordance with th*
plans and specifications on file in tht» office.
The Council reserves trm right to reject any
and all bids.
J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk.
Dated July 13, 1004.
L2GAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. J. J. FRAUENKRON. have sold m; pla*.*
of business at 125 Fourth st. All hi!U
against me. must be presented for payment
on or before July ZH. 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen*
province or a lnaBliliilii the^ gallA Cargo for Hawaii.
T*m schooner H. C. "Wright sailed on Sunday
. George D. Graybill (owner) with J. H. Hen-,
derson (contractor), architects Shea & Shea —
All alterations and additions except sewering,
plumbing and gas fitting for a three-story and
batement frame building on lot on N lino nf
OTarrell street, 110 W of 'Hyde, W 27 :« by
N 112 :6i $6600.
Same owner wlth.Gullck A "Wetherbee (con
tractors), architects same — Sewering, plumb
ing and gas fitting for same on same; $1063.
Builders' Contracts.
Bertha L. Welch to Aloystus J. Welch, lot
on X hnc of Eddy street, 137:6 W of Gough,
W 63:0 .by N 120; $10.
Horace Davis to Edith K. Davis, lot on W
line of Gough street, 112:6 N of Broadway, N
25 by W 67; Klft.
Phoebe W. P. Pond to Gardner P. Pond, lot
on N line of Green street, 77:6 S of Steiner,
N 100 by E 60: gift..
Frisk B. aad Anna ' J. Moora to William
JULY 18, 1904.
MONDAY.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Shipping Merchants. •
The bark Wiliscott (at San Diego) will , pro
ceed to Honolulu to load «mgar for New York —
chartered prior to arrival.
The British steamer Caithness ; (at Comox,
B. C.);ls chartered for coal thence to Nome.
Matters of 'Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE- OCEAX.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the 'overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Julius Palm, 12
per cent; Parknogk. 45 per cent; Ems and Pio
neer, each 15 per cent.*
Arrives at Ix»ndon.
The German training ship : Herzogln Cecllie.
which attracted considerable attention during
her recent visit to this, port, arrived yesterday
at London.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaat and Geodetic Survty—
The three-masted schooner , Zampa, which
was wrecked Sunday ten mlle« north of Cape
Disappointment, was built In 1S87 at Port
Madison. She was one of the best known of
the coasting fleet. She was 322 tuns net regis
ter.
Zampa Seventeen .Years Old.
The steam schooner Santa Barbara, In a
crippled condition, was towed Into port yes
terday by the steamer G.C Llndauer. The
Santa Barlara left Grays Harbor July 14 for
this port and Julys K> her tall shaft snapped.
Kh« was picked up' later by the Llndauer and
helped to this port, where she will be repaired.
Breaks Her* Tallshaft.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. 1 Pier.
JUI7 19. ( ["
CertralU... Grays Harbor ....? 4 pmiPlar 10
jeanle Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pmlPler CO
Argo Eel River Ports. ..I 4 pm^Pler 2
Um-itilla... I Pxiget Sound Ports.'ll amIPler 'J
July 20. I
Arctic Humbn'.dt 9 am'Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay ft pm Pier S
July 21. I
Pomona Humholdt l:50pPler »
Elizabeth... Coquille River 1 5 pm Pier '2'.t
G W Elder Astoria & Portlandjll am 1 Pier 2*
G. Llndauer Oravs Harbor IPter —
Sequoia WUlapa Harbor j 4 pm|Pter 20
Pomo Pt Arena A Albion « pmiPler U
State of Cal San Diego A Way. 9 am I Pier 11
July 23. t
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|P1er 1.1
Arcata | C003 B. & Pt. Orfd 12 ml Pier 13
Coos Bay. ..1 Pan Pedro & Way. » amtPter 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor f 4 pm!Ptcr 10
July S3. I I
Pt. Arena... Point Arena I 4 pm!P!er 2
Alliance Fureka A Coos B.| |P1er 1R
Peru N. T. via Panama. ;12 tniPTer 4O
July 34. ] \
S. Rosa.... San Dtego & Way.) 0 am' Pier It
Queen Puget Sound Poris.111 am'Pi^r J
Corona Humboldt 11:30 pIPLt I)
July 25. I
S. Barbara. Seattle A Olympla. 4 pmlPter 1O
laqua Humboldt 1 pm|P1er 2
July 26. I I
Columbia... Astoria A Portlandllt am'Tier ?»
Mongolia... China A Jaoan.... 1 pmlPter 40
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. 5 pmlPier ?«
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 araiPUr 11
Jnly 27.-1 I
Breakwater-; Coos Bay 5 pmlPter 8
North Fork. HumboMt | S pmlPler 20
July 2?. ...j :, 1
Sonoma -[Sydney A Way. . .| 2 pmlPler 7
Rainier 'Seattle A Whatcom] 4 pm'.Pler 1>
- FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sail*.
Tacr.ma Nome direct July 20
Farallon Skagway A Way PorU. July 21
Cottago City. Skagway A Way Port*. July 22
Santa Clara.. Valdez A Seward Jnly B
Oijmpia Nom« dir«ct ....,,. ...U'^4 23
TO SAIL.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific !
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ,
100 Con C & V.I 02>i] COO Potosi 10
400 Mexican S0| 400 Union Con .. 22
100 Ophlr 2 25i
Afternoon Session.
4M> Caledonia 4S| 200 Potosi 15
Kxt Con C & V.I 02Vi! 200 Potoel 1«
400 Con C & V...1 Oj| 500 Seg Belcher... Or
20tW Con Imperial. Cl| 200 Union Con .. 21
2tjo Ophlr 2 20| 100 Yellow Jacket. 2'J
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. " I
Following were the sales on the San Fran- !
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yetsterday: !
Morning Session.
5OCO Brunswick .. 1O| «0O Kay & O'Brien 10
100 MacNamara . 5J|2CmjO Red Top .... 14
25"0 Ma'-Namam . ill 10i) Ton Exten ..1 C'J
1700 Max-Namara . 52| 1CU Ton Kxt<«n..l O7V4
H»)<) Mont Ton ...2 451 '-00 Ton Midway.. 5i
20<K/ N V Ton ... 02; 1 r.i Ton Midway. 52
SOUv N Y Ton ... 0;j H>-> Ton of Nev. .K 00
Afternoon Session.
40O Goldflcld 1 0:>, Jtco Ton Exten ..1 00
4 4 Gold Mt Con. CXi HW Ton Kxten..l 07»i
IW Little Ton ... < 0[ 200 Ton Midway.. 4a
r.<;i> MacNamara . M| 200 Ton Gold Mt. IS
?00 Mont Ton . .J 451 l<r:'-> '• cu N X.
100 Ton Belmont. 771 5C) United Ton .. 00,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. j
MONDAY. July 18 — I p. m. I
BId.Aik.l Bid.Ask.
Alpha CS y.)].Iustice 13 15
Alta 05 07!Kentuck 02 01
Andes 17 18! K. Graessler.. — 1 2'J
Belcher IC 17! Lady Wash .. — C6
Bent & Belch. ti4 C(?< ?.'exloan SO SI
Bullion 15 17|<V-c!d<rital 73 !»l
Caledonia 45 4!»|O^«-.!r ....*. ...2 20 2 15
Challenge ... IS 13|Ov«rman 11 33
Choliar 14 15| Poto-I 15 16
ConndcITPe ... — 751 >ccrplon U? 11
Con Cal & V.I 00 1 05|Savage is l«
On Imperial. 01 02|SeR- Belcher .. 05 0i!
Con NY 03 04! Sierra Nev ..24 25
Crown Point.. 13 141 Pt Louis .... — 1.3
r^st Sierra N — 03| Silver HH: .. 4« 4S
Kureka Con.. — .V»! .Syndicate .... — fa
Exchequer ... SC Zs\ Union Con . . 20 21
Gould & Cur. V2 M|t;tah 11 12
Hale & Norc. 70 75) Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 04 «I5!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.A*k.
Colrhan 05 10; Ray Ton — 10
Esperanza ... 02 OrtlRed Top 14 15
Gipry Quern.. — 25 Rescue 11 12
Gold Anchor.. — JJO'Ton Belmont. 7« 78
Goldfiold .1 </2Vi 1 07 V. I Ton & Cal.... 10: —
Gold Mt Con. 01 021 Ton Cash Boy. 10 —
Hannapab .. 25 — I Ton Exten.. 1 00 1 02 H
Jim Eutler .. 60 75! Ton & Gt W. 05 —
l.-ttle Ton .. — «5 Ton Gold lit." 16 17
Lucky Tom.. — 04|Ton Midway.. 49 CO
•MacNamara . Bl — |Tm> or Nev.8 00 8 12 'A
Mlzpah Ex .. — 25 Ton N Sttr.. 34 38
Mont Ton.. 2 42U 2 45iTon & S Lake. 55 —
X T Ton 02> — I Ton- Superior.. — 06
Paymaster .. — OGjTon Union ... 10 —
Pine Grove.. 50 — iUnlted Ton . . . — C9
Ray Exten... — OSIUtopla' 10 —
Ray & O'Brien TO HlWest End ... 15 25
Iilncrs nt Honolulu.
The. Pacific Mall Company's liners Korea and
China arrived yesterday at Honolulu. The Ko
rea' Is outward bound. The China is due here
Saturday or Sunday. Paul Cowles. ' who has
been in charge of the war news service in the
Orient for the Associated Press. Is returning
on the China. The Siberia arrived Sunday at
Hongkong.
Steamer. | From. f Due.
Centralia San P^dro !Ju!y !"»
Co^taRlca... Port'and &. Astor'a !Jul;. 13
Pomo Point Arena * Albion. I July Id
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Pts. July ;•?
Pomona Kumboldt I July l!>
E'liznbeth Coquille River ...JJuly 1f>
Del Norte I Crescent City IJuly '»
Aztec I Panama IJuly 2t>
Eureka j Humboldt IJuiy "')
Queen >'uget Sour.d Port* -|July 2>>
Arcata ! Coos Pay A Pt. Orford.i.Tuly 2»
laqua Humboldt Uuly :"')
Ban Juan New York via Panama, j July SI
Centennial... Seattle & Taooma JJuiy 21
Alliance Portland A Way Portr tJulv - Jt
Point Arena.. Mendnclno & Pt. Arena 'July "I
Santa Rosa... Sait Diego & Way Pts.l.Iuly -I
Corona Humboldt -July C3
Argo Eel River Vn-in Uulv • S
Bonita »j Newport & Way PortJ.'July 2S
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria '.lu v Zl
North Fork. . Humboldt IJuly 24
Nevadan Honolulu A Kahulu!. .'July "I
Rainier Pesttle & Bellingham. .(July 24
S Barbara... I San Pedro IJuly -t
City Puebla. . 1 Pvget Sound Ports 'Ju'.y 2"»
Totme» ' Seattle ' Julv •.•."•
State of Cal.. ! San Diego * Way Pts.;JuIy Co
Breakwater. . j Coos Bay - Iu 'y -•"»
S Monica.... Grays Harbor 'July ?.">
China China * Jaran '.July 29
Curacao Mexican Ports IJuly 27
City Sydney..' New York via Panama. IJuly 27
O W Elder.. Portland A Astoria IJuly
I' mat ilia I Puget Sound Ports IJuly :;O
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Tim* and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Foint. entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
fc'uptrintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front <M!?«!on-*treet whart) mbout 25
minutes later than at Fort Polrt; tn« height
of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JULY 19.
Sun rises ,..5:01.
Sun seta 7.30
Moon sets (first quarter) 11:43 p. m.
O [Time! ITlme' ITlmel ITlmet
s I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft- I 1 Ft.
? !H W| !L Wl (H W[ II, W[
19 1 4:27 4.l!lO:lCt 1.5! 4:5fil B.5:il:29J 1.4
20 5:4S 3.9 11:iol 2.015:47! 6.8 !
!L W IH Wj 1L Wl ' H Xl\
21 0 .-.S O!»! 7:1i>t S.s!l2:O7l 2.5 6:42| 5«
Y> »:« 0 4| 9:27) 4.0J 1 :07 2.TI 7:361 5 7
23 «>-?.7| OOi 9:311 4.3[ 2:0l| 2.9! 8:271 5.9
24 5:2S;— 0.4110:261 4.31 2:53! 3.0! 9:1S| 5.9
j>;OTE In the above exposition of the tid*»
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th-»
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar? ia
addition to th«- soundings of th» United State*
Coast Survey Chart- except when a minus > — »
sign precedes the height. «nd then, the number
riven la subtracted from the depth given by
! the charts The plane of reference la the msij
I of th« lower low water*
ARRIVED.
„. '„ , Monday. July 18.
Stmr Sonoma. Herriman. 20 days 18 hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 15 hours
3 minutes. •
.Stmr Alcatraz. Anderson.. 54 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray. 2« hours from Monte ey
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. 3G hours from Cres
cent city.
Stmr Urunswlck. Ellefsen. 14 hours from
r ort Uragg. . -
Stmr Breakwater, , S?aman. 34 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Wcstport, Smith, 17 hours from Wcst
port.
Strnr Alcazar, Wlnkel. 13 hours from Gresn-
WOM.
Ktmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Newburg. Anfindsen. 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Rtmr Navarro, Weber, 18 hours from Hardy
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. 95 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlg 18 hours from
Union . Landing.
Stmr State of California, Xicolson. 42 hours
from San DlCgo. *
Stmr G C Ltndaucr, Allen. 94 hours from
Gruys Harbora. with disabled stmr Santa Bar
bara In tow.
Simr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 08 hour3 fm
Grays Harbor, In tow of stmr G C Llndauer.
Stmr San Pedro.. Rasmussen, 24 hours from
Eureka, bound for San Pedro end Port Los
Angeles; put In to land passengers. .
Stmr Argo Dunham, 25 hours from Eel
River.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Boll naa. • / >
- Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega. |MHteffiSWiaMH|
CLEARED.
Monday, July 19.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
S S Cd.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen. Lady smith; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Sunday, July 17.
. Stmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Monday. July 18.
. Stmr- Asuncion, Bridgett, Redondo. .
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, Port Rogers.
Shipping Intelligence.
To New York — »9,S86 gals wine 130 gals
brandy, 25.202 lbs beans. 250,284 lbs pig lead
41 bales cattle hair, 13S> bales junk.
To Ecuador — 325 bbls flour.
« -¦
The steamer Barraooata sailed on Saturday
for Anron. Canal Zcnp. and way ports with a
Konrral mrrcbanJise carso. valued at $r>9.972,
to ba dlrtrlbiited as follow?: For Mexico,
$MSf!; Central America. $12,510: Panama!
$1022; Ct>iombia, $1672; New York. $aa.00S>;
Ecuador. $1450. The leading exports were as
follows: .'/•-.-.
To Msxico— 843 £als wine, 24 cs table prepa
rations, 1M pkgs fresh fruits. 20 cs mineral wa
ter, 7.'! pkgs potatoes. 4C0 Iba dried fruit, 1C0
Ibn ham, 00 cs cannel pxn!s 5 cs whisky 5.V,
lbs 1 cs cheete. .-.«.CSf ft lumber, tm bdla
»hlns!es^ !» kess nails. 1007 bdis laths, 1<H) sks
coal, lao Mis pipe, 2tt) Mis shuoks, 4 colls
rope, .a 1 jikgd scales. 1 launch. 201 bbls ce
rnt-nt 20 piis= boiler tuhes, 21 pkgs paints and
oll.«, 2 pkgs leather.
To Central America— 12.'. 1 -bb!s flour. 157 gals
1j ca whisky. 42:j gals 20 cs wine. 25 casks
beer, 5 cs liquor-:. 1(0.7 lb« apices, X50 lbs ham
and bacon, IS cs canned goods. 17 pkgs gro
ceries and provision*. 135 pkgs potatoes'. :?0O lbs
inwals. G pkgs fresh fruits, 24,280 lbs tallow,
2. pkgs paper, 44,000 lb«i cement. 4 bales
leather. \Vt pkgs paints and 0U5. 4S pkgs tar
1 pkgs ii.Hfhinery. CO sks coal. ,°.4 pes 12 bd'3
steel. H bJIs pipe, 183 bars Ircn. 0 coils rope
2 cs Miap.
To Panama — 100 bbls flour, 150 crts garlic,
100 crts onions. 5070 lbs beans, a cs mineral
W!>t«r. 21.2S2 ft lumber.
To Colombia-— 110 bbls flour. 5374 lbs sugar,
24m> lbs net'. 13 cs canned salmon. 2NS lbs tea'
225'» Ilj9 spicss. 2U0 lbs bread, 720 lbs raisins!
••00 lbs lard. l(i pkgs potatoes and onions tilHJ
lbs beans. 442 lbs lentils, IB cs canned goods
S cs table preparations, 230 lbs nplces 10 bxs
soap. , : -
Exports by the Panama StPximrr.
for Mahukona with an assorted carijo. valued
at $>»7tM and including th^ following:
4«X> bi>l.i ilour. S5.H4:: lbs bran. 8888 Iba mld
tllir.K*, Iffio lbs b°ar.s. 31G3 ctls barley. 172 ctla
whi?at. 31 ctls cat3, 7CS lbs 1 in niea'.s SO cs
canned sools. 2C0O lbs lard, 15 cs table' prepa
rations. 740 Ib3 codfish. 15 cs .'!('. i>kgs salmon.
".PhS? butter, 10 cs ch°esi?. S(» pksst potatoes,
47 vk?s pa*te. 24 x>V.gi Krocerita an.l provision?.
."1)30 lbs !.°. ca bread. 70 bales ha.y. 15 pkss
fresh fruits. 53,000 ft lumber. 150 cs coal oil.
.2 pliRs wayon material. 10 kegs nails. Ill* bxs
so» p. ICL.0C0 lbs rcrtilizer. 14 pkgs 1/ pes pipe,
2 bc!lK 2 pes sleel, 11 pkgs raddlery and har
netc. is koss lead r'aint. I bbl^ >.il 11 rs to
bpeco. 20 gals! wine. 40 bbls lime," 12 boiler
tube3, 14 bdls S4 pes iron. I
feCHOONER ZkiiPA, WHICH WAS
WRECKED ON CAPE DISAP
POINTMENT LAST SUNDAY.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Niels
J. H. and Wllhelmina Hoffmeyer, lot on N line
of Monteruma street. 250 W of California, W
25 by N 70, lot 26, Gift Map 3: $10.
Aaron and Babette Cahn to John Turner and
Owen Evans, lot on S line of Fairmount street,
140:6 E of Palmer. E 25 by S 126. block 15,
Fairmount; $10.
Martin and Eda K. fuelling to Olive D. Me
*erve (wife of W. C), lot on W line of Eureka
Btreet, 54 N ot Twenty-first. N..25 by W 105.
lot 3, block 21, Market-street Homestead; $10.
Frederick K. Mason to name, rerecord 1540
•D. r,«9, lot on W line of Missouri street, 375 S
of Yolo, S 09:9 by W 100; $5.
John Farnum. administrator of estate of
Anna M. Krufjrer, by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner, to Daniel Suter. lot on S line of Clement
street. 32:6 W of Ninth; W 25 by S 100; also
lot en 12 line of Tenth avenue, ICO S of Clement
Ftrect, S 50 by B 120; also lot on W line of
Ninth avenue, 100 8 of Clement street, S 75 by
AV 1C0; $S500.
Kathcrir.e E. Kocbelin to Albert J. Sylvester,
lot on W lineof Ninth avenue, 150 S of H
etreet. S ?5 by W 120; $10.
Clara Kluge for Sutro) to James K. and
Isabella Fraser, lot on NE corner of Fourth
avenue and Huso street. N 25 by E 05; also
lot on N \V corner of Third avenue and Hugo
ftreet. N £5 by W* »5; $10.
James McDonald to Jane Roberts lot on E
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 150 S of I street,
S 25 by E 120; $10.
Alice Klein to Oscar Heyman. lot on W
line of Forty- third avenue. 300 N of M street,
N 50 by W 120; $10. :
James Stone to Geza Szanlk, lot on SE line
of Madrid street, 162:4 NE of Amazon, NE 25
by SB 100. lot 2. block 41, Excelsior Home
stead; flO.
Henry O. Pratt and Mary P. Moore to name,
all interest, in property bounded on N by
Twenty-fifth utreet. W by De Haro, S by Tu
lar<\ E by Massachusetts", and all interest In
egtaf of James Pratt, and all Inter^rl In 177
D. 07: also all Interest in lot bounded N by
Hatch claim. W by cround of Georita Treet,
E by Bay of San Francisco and S by Isialu
and Precita creeks; $1000.
Charles A. Hup: to Hartland Law. let on NW
linn of Howard street, 100 NE of Second. Hf5
75, NW 85 SW 39. NW SO, SW 41. SE SO. NB
5, SE *5: $10.
Samu'-l F. and Flora Wolfe to pctrero Land
and Wat«?r Fronts Company, same as in decree
conterrinc ir-ale <spe dscree below): $10.
W. E. Trefts UrUHtea Golden City Homestead
Association) to Samuel F. Wclfe. name; $25O.
City and County of San Francisco to Potrero
Land and Water Front Company, lots 8 to 11,
block 1S5, blocks 186 and 1S7, Iot3 6, 7, S and
19, b'.ock 188. lots 7. 8 and lf>. block 190. lots
1, 2 and 16. block 22l>. Golden City Homestead;
al>»o lot on E lino of Arkansas street, 50t» S of
Army. S 175. E 200, N 225, W 100. S 50. W
100. block 221. Golden City Homeetead; also
lot en E line of ArkanFas street. :125 S of Yolo,
S 103, E 200, N 333, W 100. !« 225. W 100, lots
7 to 14, IS and 19, block 224, Golden City
Homestead; also lot on E lino of Connecticut
street. 291:6 N of Army, N l)9:fl by E 100.
blocks 253 and 254, name; also lot on W line
of Missouri street, 4.W S of Twenty-fifth, S
41:0 by W 100. block 25-1. Fame; aleo lot IS.
block 255. same: also lot on K llneVof Con
necticut Ktrept. 2CO H of Arrnv. s ir,o by iS
100. block 2.15, GoMon City Homestead; also
lot on E line of Connecticut street 43'J S of
Army. S 241 :ti by B 100. block 250, same;
also block 257. except lots 3 to fi, block 25S,
• xceptlr.jr lot 1. same: also lots 1 to 7. 11 to 17.
and 20. block 290. same; also lot on W line of
Pennsylvania street, T?0 S of Army, f 3S3 by
W 10O. block 294. same; also lot on E line, of
PennsylvBn*. etrfet. 4-TI S of Twentj'-fifth, * S
133, K 100. S 25. W 100. S 225, E to shore of
San Francisco Bay, NE to Iowa street, W 20O,
block .120, fame; $ . /
George and Anna L. Whitt«»ll to May B.
Angus. Western Addition blocks 365 and 500;
$20.
John Cent»r to John and Sofia E. Carlson,
lot on W line of York street, 77 S of Twentieth,
S 25 by W 1C0: $10.
Joh:i W. and Ji:lU Hinkel to Annie R. Weir,
lot on W line of Castro street. So N of Twenty
first. N 25 by W 125: $10.
Waltrr B. Webster to Martin Hansen, lot on
W line of Fountain street. 70 S of Twenty
fourth. 8 CJ-.4 h; W 1C5, lot 10. block 15, Noe
Gaidpn Homestead: $10.
Michael Mu!k>:rn et al. to Barbara Clarke,
lot on E line of Montgomery street, 117:6 N
of Filbert, N 20 by E 5ti::: : $10.
Gunav and Faille Marshall to Agnes V.
Lynch, lot on S line of Rurh street, 103:C-% E
ot Grai.t avenue, E .*J4?i by S 60; $10.
Hartland and Adc Uw to Charles A. Hug,
lot on N line of Rush street. Bl :* W of Mason,
W 7*:10. N l:i7:«. E 76:2, S :JO:6, E 89:4. S 7.
W 'tl :*. S ICO- S10.
Charies J. Keenan to Erail S. Gullixson, lot
on W lino of Lvon street. &i:tj S of Clay, S
oC:H by W S7:6; $10.
OUnaky. lot on W line of Pierce street, »7:C
N of Halsht. N 25 by W &":»>; $10.
Clark J. anJ Alice K. Burnham to William
F. Garms Jr.. lot on N line of McAllister
street, Ju E of I>rod?riek, E 32:6 by N 112:t>;
$10.
James G. Chown to Ellen G. Chown. lot on
W iin : of Lyon street. 25 N or Pine. N 35 by
w it*>: Kift.
ALLEN ESTATE DISTRIBUTED.— Judge
Trctttt yesterJay ordered the final distribution
of the estate of Edsar L. All«>n. The estate
»»f originally appraised at $7.».1O6. The sum
or flO.wx) was bequeathed to Mrs. Georgietta
Chamberlain, which was paid, and the residua
went to his niece. Gertrude Allen at Oakland.
Charlep Allen, the administrator, has a lien on
the estate for ?10,016 for money paid out in
the settlement.
LONDON, July 18.— Reports pub
lished here that Marquis de Villavieja
had been killed at Ostend yesterday
at a polo game have proved untrue.
The Marquis was stunned by a blow
of a mallet on the head, but soon re
covered.
Report of Fatal Result of Accident
During Game at Ostend Proves
to Have Been Untrue.
MARQUIS DE VrLLAVIEJA
STUNNED BY POLO MALLET
Honolulu — E. Oropp, W. K. Leffasto. Mr. and
Mrs James Glbb. W. F. Hobbs. T. E. L.
Hutchlnson, Mr. Rosenbenc. C, Kaiser, Mr.
and Mrs. L. F. Hunt. Miss Mills, Mis? Roberts
Miss ltaird. R. C Lloote. Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Hannam, A. Young. A. L. Pane, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Hoiinan, J. L. Ross. S. M. Damon. Mrn.
Andrews, L. R. Marlow, Mrs. C. E. Swadout.
From Australia and New Zealand — Dr. Alex
ander O. C Brock, D. Branii. Miss Colvln.
Miss A. E. Colvin. A. J. t.Vffee. J. Clifford,
Miss N. Driev>>, J. Eskell, Mr. and Mrs. Uas
ton, R. \V. Fawrkner. Mr. Falrll?. Miss Fair
lie. H. Gardner. C.H. Gilbertson. Mrs. Ac-land
Hood and child. Professor Hecker. II. Jardine,
Dr. Kennard. Captain Lien Lebahn. J. Lyons,
Ernest C. LaiiKford, A. Melroee, Hugh Mon
mfcn. W. II. Morse. Mls.s Lilian Marshall. C
A. Peer. Mr. and Mrs. A. Palamountain and
Infant, A. Rosenwald, K. Sullivan, D. Sellar.
W. Sfillar, J. Schlld, John Tompleton, E. Well
ma;in, J. M. Walker. Mr. and Mrs. K. Neale-
Wlgg and maid. S. Wilson, J. F. Allen, H. A.
l?r.in<lt, J. <;. My ram. Mrs. Brown, A. W.
Urown. Mr3. M. Daweon, A. Finney, Mrs.
Wren J. Grinst^J. Wriii J. Grinsted. Mr. and
Mr?. K. Grove and child, Mr. Hesketh, Mrs.
L. Hicks, Mr. nnd Mrs. Henderson. G. A. Hull,
Mrs. P. F. Johnston. G. Marks, \V. Magrath,
A. E. Mm*. H. Morawetz. J. Masters, Ml«s
May Mcsters. Mr. and Mrs. Matthews, Miss
O' Flanagan, Mr. Palmer, Elder A. C. Petersen,
Mr. Roberts, John Stevjns, Elder J. W. Silver,
N. O. Hanf-.ird, Mrs. Sawyers, S. Sawyers. A.
Anstruther Thomson, Elder D. H. Wood, Elder
Hobtrt 1>. YounR.
Pago Pa^o — G. T. Schlotbarg, Mrs. Lackey,
Mrs. L. Willis. Mrs. M. Willis.
Alfred Palamountain, an Australian
tenor, arrived on the Sonoma. He has
come to America in search of new au
diences to conquer with his voice, to
which the Australian cities have paid
some flattering tributes. He hopes to
get a hearing from the management of
the Tivoli, and failing that will follow
the footsteps of Hamilton Hill over
the Orpheum circuit.
John Hopkins, the sailor* who lost
a leg through getting it jammed in the
fc'onoma's winch on a previous voyage,
was brought home on the liner. Dur
ing the trip his shipmates made up
a purse of $500 for Hopkins' benefit.
The Sonomsi's passengers included
the folowing named:
Professor Hecker, who was a pas
senger from Sydney, is attached to the
Prussian central bureau .of the Inter
national Geodetic Association. He has
been in the Antipodes making astro
nomical and geodetical observations
for the purpose of securing new data
concerning the weight of the earth.
He will spend some time at Berkeley
in scientific observation along ttie
lines of his mission *ind later will visit
Japan, China, Siam and India.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain C. F. Herriman,
arrived yesterday from the Antipodes
and Honolulu". She was twenty days
eighteen hours from Sydney and five
days fifteen hours from Honolulu. She
brought 1100 tons of cargo. 137 pas
sengers and 420 bags of British mail.
Among the passengers from Hono
lulu was Alexander. Young, one of the
leading citizens of the island port and
proprietor of the famous Young Ho
tel.
Branch HytlrogTaphlc OfHce. TJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 13.. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of th« F«rry
building was dropped exactly *t noon to-day —
1. «. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. la charga.
Time Ball.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka.
Stnir Alcatrar. Anderson. Point Arena.
Stmr Bonita. Preble, San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro. Raamnssen, San Pedro, with
disabled stmr Santa Barbara in tow.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. San Pedro. In
tow of stmr San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson Eureka.
Stmr Chico. Martin, A»toria.
Nor stmr TeJlua. Arntzen, I^adysmith.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IX>BOS— July 18. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind Wj velocity 8 mileo per hour.
SPOKEN.
On July 17. off Capo Flattery, a tug spok«
bktn Newsboy, from Hllo for Port Townaend.
•tnd ordered her to Grays Harbor.
» DOMESTIC POKTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived July IS — Stmr Columbia,
hence July 16; stmr Aberdeen, hence July 15;
stmr Despatch h*nce July 15
REDONDO— Arrived July IS— Schr Colum
bia, from Ballard; stmr Jamea S HIggins.
hence July 16.
Arrived July -IS — Stmr Fulton, from Eureka. •
SEATTLE: — Arrived July IS— Stmr Hum
boidt. from Skagway; s;mr Homer. from
Alaske.
.Sailed July 1" — S'.mr Montara. for San j
Francisco.
Arrived July 17— Stmr Chas Nelscn, from
Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jufy 15— Ship
St Francis, from Nome: ship Governor Roble. !
hence June SO.
Sailed July IS — Schr Prosper, for Port !
Blakelcy. f
Arrived July 18 — Gcr _burk Wamlsbek. from)
Hamturs for Seattle. *•• ;
TATOOSH— Passed July IS— Ha-k Chal- |
ledger, from Mnnzar.illo for Port Townsend; i
bark Emily Reed, from Port Hadlock for Aus- [
tralia.
Passed in July IS — Schr Meteor, from San I
Pe<Iio for Port Hadlock: Ur rtmr Stanley Dol- I
, lar. hence July 15 for Seattle.
Payscd out July IS— Stmr Montara. from •
Seattle f»r San Francisco. :
EUREKA— Arrived July 18— Stmr Manda- t
lay. hence July Ifi; ?tmr laqua hence Ju'y 17. !
"BKLLINGHA5I— Arrived July 17— Sr'tmr |
Rainier, fcenco July 12
BHISTOL v>\Y— Arrived May 18 — Stmr Geo
F. Haller. from Grays Harbor. May 22 —
Stmr Rita Newman, from Grays Harbor. May i
2i» — Schr Expansion, from Grays Harbor. June '
12 — Ship Oriental, hencp April 16. June l&— !
Ship Standard hfnee Arril 13: ship M P I
Grace htnee April 14. June 22— Bark S«a j
Witch, hence April 1."?. June 6 — S;hr MUpah. I
hence Arril 13.
Arrived May 23 — Schr Joseph Russ. henca
April 21.
Arrived prior to June 5 — Ship McLaurin. hce
April IT.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July IS— Stnir
Santa Res-a. for San Diego; stmr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco.
BREMERTON — Arrived July IS — U S stmr
Wheeling, from Hono'ulu.
BALI.ARD — Arrived July IS — Schr Prosper.
from San Pedro.
COOS DAY— Arrived July 18 — Stmr Alliance, !
from Portland: stmr Arrata. henc* July 15.
SKACWAY— Sailed July 17— Stmr Dawron
City for Seattle.
BANDON — Silled July IS — Stmr Elizabeth,
for San. Francisco.
SEATTLE — Railed July IS — Stmr Centennial,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July IS— Stmr Eureka,
hence July 17. _i"" r '
Sailed July IS — Slmr Pomona, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July IS—
Schr Oceania Vance, from San Diepn.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July IS — Schr Volun
teer, bence July 2; schr Sehome. from Re
tailed July IS— Schr Comet, for Santa Bar
bara.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOIPU— Sailed July 2— Schr Muriel, for
San FranciFCo.
KAHULITT— Arrived July 2— Schr O M Kel
lopx. from Eureka. • - ,-.»,„,
MAHl'KONA— Sailed June 25— Schr Ottlllie
Fjord for San Francisco. •.=;
HONOLULU— Arrived July 18— Stmr Korea,
h? Ar?lved y jlny l^Stmr China, from Toko-
h *HONOr.ULU— Sailed July 17— Stmr Korea,
for Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CUXHAVEN— Arrivr d June 3— Ger stmr Nu
mantta. from Guatemala. 1C _^., >,„ >,
• QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 16— Ger bark
Macdalene, from Portland.
TFVERIKFE— Arrived June 29-Ger stmr
Prntftur from Hamburg for West Coast.
LONDOX-Arrlved July lj-Ger ship Her-
-tmr Satsuma.
fr r B WC k A° S h TL E . ru^aU^une 2*-Fr bark
r«.neral de Negrler. for San Francisco.
In port IcadfnK June 27-Rr «hip Mylomene.
fnr AcaDUlco; Br bar!: Weathersfleld. for Hon
olulu- Br ship Ardencralsr. for Portland; Br
«hin Oweenee for Portland; Br «hlp Clan Gra
ham Br ship County of Inverness. Br ship
imtAn Br ship Lady Doris, bart Rf«wr and
Rr bark Parapossa. all for Sin Francisco.
KAICHOt:— Sailed July 1*— Bktn Jatnei
TU HONGKONG— Arrived July 17— Stmr Slbe
ria GU^MAS-ArVived July 12-Schr C 9
Holmes from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived July 18 — Stmr
Vordland from Llverro-M via Qu^enstown.
ANTWERP — Arrived July IS — Stmr Kroon
lan-1. from New York.
LONDON— Arrived July 18 — Stmr Mlnneha
ha. from New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed July 17— Stmr Bre
men from Bremen, for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived July 17 — Stmr Fin
land, from Antwerp.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 18 — Stmr "Wll
h«lm II, f rent New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen and proceeded.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July IS — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, for New York.
Therese Munior was of a most af
fectionate disposition. She loved her
father and mother equally well, and
it was apparent to every one that tl>2
1 blow of the separation was more than
the little one could bear.
No one. however, expected that the
little child would dream of takinsr the
desperate ftep she took to-d;;;'. The
child had no money with which to
purchase poison, but she had deter
mined to die by lying on the grass a^d
eating a quantity of it Vhat had
been liberally sprinkled witrt poison
for bugs. Soon she was in great
agony, and suffered so much pain that
she was compelled to tell her mother
what she had done. A doctor was
hurriedly summoned, and it is just
possible that the child's life may be
saved.
Out of the tragedy that threatened
to destroy the Munior home happine33
has resulted, for. melted by the com
mon interest of their child's suffering.
and Mrs. Munior have settled their
differences.
KOKOMO. Ind., July 18. — Therese.
the 7-year-old daughter of Adolphus
and Mrs. Munior of this city, tried to
commit suicide here to-day. Never
was so great a tragedy expressed In
so few word3. Three lives entered into
the tragedy as dramatis personae — •
that of little Therese. her mother arsd
father. Some little time ago trouble
stalked to the Munior door' and en
tered without awaiting permission.
The c-our>Ie soon after separated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
How they managed to keep the affair
a secret for such a length of time is a
mystery to ail concerned.
The old story that "love laughs at
locksmiths" is verified by the mar
riage of Miss May Hamilton of San
Jose and George W. Smith of Newman.
They loved dearly and young, but the
edicts of stern parents kept them
apart.
On December IS last, they^ hied them
selves over to San Rafael and there
plighted marriage vows that made
them husband and wife. The blushing
bride went back to San Jose, and the
youthful groom returned to Newman.
The relatives of both parties were in
entire ignorance of the. affair until
yesterday when the happy couple met
in town and happened to run across
some friends when thev were forced to
let the secret out.
From what can be learned it appears
that the parents of the young woman
objected to the man she had chosen.
Her father, A. B. Hamilton, who is a
prominent merchant of the Garden
City, is reported to have been greatly
averse to his daughter's marrying. 1 For
what reasons he has never stated. He
simply said: "I did not want Slav to
marry." Yesterday the bride took her
sister, Mrs. J. Hendy, into her con
fidence and begged her to help her
face the stern parent. Together the
two sisters have gone to San Jose and
there, this morning, on bended knees.
May will beg his forgiveness and ask
him to grant his blessing and wish her
long life and happiness. What he will
do is largely a matter of conjecture. It
is reported that he is of a stormy tem
perament and his friends say he was
"dead set" against the marriage. The
bride is one of San Jose's fairest
daughters. She is clever, brllilant and
popular. The announcement of the
wedding will cause a great sensation
in San Jose. The groom is equally
popular and is highly esteemed in the
district in which he lives.
Run Away to San Rafael in
December, Where They
Quietly Plight Their Troth
Medical Aid May Save Child
Whose Desperate Act Rec
onciles Father and Mother
SURPEISE FOE FRIENDS
EATS POISOXEi) G-BASS
May Hamilton of San Jose
and George W. Smith of
Newman Wedded Secretly
Seven - Year - Old Girl At
tempts Suicide When Par
ents Quarrel and Separate
SEEKS DEATH
IN AWFUL FORM
GREAT STEAMSHIP SONOMA REACHES
HOME PORT FROM THE ANTIPODES
Arrives on Schedule Time With More Than Four Hjundred Sacks
of Mail and Two Hundred Passengers, Among Whom Are Many
People Prominent in the Colonies as Well as in Honolulu
BRAVE PARENTS'
IRE AND MARRY
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
14
SPECIAI. KOTICES.
Tb* secretary of the Bt. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan aad
abandoned bore and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
t-treet from January 1, 1804. to July L 1904:
t^athertna Mendoza, S yrs.; Annetta Mendcza,
4 yrs.; Mary Koenig. 11 yrs.; Alexander Con-
wsy. 8 yrs.; Addle Conwsy. S vr».; Berdine
Cbnway. 5 yro, : Willie McLaughlln. 7 yrs.:
Edward McLaughlln, 6 yrs.; Juanlta Ruiss. 11
yr«.; Flora Healey. 4 yr»,; Margaret Healey.
6 yrs.: L*ona Healey. 2 jra.; Addle Healey. 5
mos.; George Nolan. 6 yrs.; John Nolan, 5
yn>. : Mary Clark. 10 yrs. 6 mos.: Agne«
<"iaik, 9 yrs. 8 mos.; Annie Clark, 7 yrt. 3
mos. : Catherine Clark, 6 jts. 5 moo. ; Madeline
Clurk, 2 yrs. 5 mos.; Margaret Clark, 11 mos.;
John Arraueez. S yrs.; James Arrausez, 6 yr*.
* mos.: Winifred Fay. 8 yrs.; Sherman Fay.
fi yr».: Eugrcne Phillips, b yrs.; Reymond
rhilllpe, 4 yrs.; Gladys G. Pyles. 6 yrs. » mos.:
Lillian Ranken. 7 yrs.: Mary McClellan. 10
>rs. 5 mo.: Gla<5y M. Connolly. 1 yr. 7 mos.:
Edr-a Philip*. 8 yrs.: Fred Farry. 7 yrs. 0
thus.; Albert Farry. « years 11 mos.; Louise
Karry. 3 yrs.; David Fairy. 1 yr.: Annie
Wilson, 3 yr*. 8 mos.: Francis Wilson, 1 yr.
P mos. • Msy Compton, « yrs.; John Comp-
ton. « yrs.. Alice Zoe Gere, 7 yrs.; Olive
Arderscn. 12 yrs.; Leona Anderson. 11 yrs.:
Mystery Anderson. 10 yra.; Baaline Anderson, 3
jtf.: Louise Anderwm. S yrs. ; Monrick Ander-
«on, 7 >r* : John Cherille, 8 yrs.: Louis Cherille,
ft vrs. : Eleanor O'Brien. 3 yrs.; Joseph Lewis,
fi yrs.: Antone L*T;is, 5 yrs.; Annie Cosgrove,
7 yrf.; Jeeeph <>ffgrove, 4 yrs.; Lena Elster.
» yrs.: Oliver Elster, 5 yr«. 4 mos. ; John
Keiling. 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Violet Lelghton. 5
5'rn. P mos.: Irene Leighton. 4 yrs.: Raymond
LtiBhton 2 >ts. « mos. ; Ethel Johnson. 8 yrs.
6 rnos.: Ellen Gettenby. II yrs.: Reta Get-
teaby. 1 yr. ; Mabel Delorey, 6 jtb.; Edna De-
lnr»y. S yrs.; Waiter Delerey, 1 yr. : Florence
Wall 5 yrs.; Edna Trad, 7 yn>. ; Francis Mc-
Pcrisld, 10 yrs.; Camella Mendoza, 11 yrs.:
William Mendoza. 6 yrs.; Patrick Murphy, 5
>r*. 6 mos.: Hazel Youag. 4 yrs.: Lena Tarn-
brine. 2 yrp. : Laurence Peters, 7 yrs.; Frank
IVtere. 5 yr*.; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs.: Harold
Fcrslcn. 2 yrn. : Manutl de Lemos. S yrs. 6
tno*. ; Norman <Je I*mo>, 4 yrs.: Viola Kelly, 11
yr«. : Willie Kelly. 6 yrs.; Walter Brown. 8
>i-s. : Antony Simon, 1 yr. ; Lillle Gannon, 7
yrs.: Charley Gudierrez, S yr». ; Elizabeth
woods. 2 yrs. 4 mos.: Alice McNesby. 5 yrs.:
Kllen McNesby, 2 yrs.: William Edwards. 6
> rr. 2 met. ; Carrie Wilnon. 8 yrs.; Gertrude
Carlson. » yrs : Edward Will. 4 yrs. 1 mo. :
Otrwritie Newman. 10 yr*.: Elsie Murray, 11
3 rs. : Roy Elster. 3 yr». ; Carol Drexil, 10 yrs.
6 mos.; Harry Drexil. S yrs. 6 mvs.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Jan-
nsry 1. l»04. to June -TO. 1904. the following
nrfmed orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Samuel Jacobe, aged 7 years 11
months; Sarah Stein, aped 5 years 8 months:
Ida 15 ay Wolf, aced 8 years 11 months;
Rosa Levin, aged 5 years; Louis Menzinsky,
aged 10 year* 3 months; Millie Goldstein,
aged !• years 2 menthg; Lewis Freeman, aged
7 years; AtrRV-.am Freeman, aged 9 years.
L*31e*! Oilchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
nre be*t: tafe. rr I'.sble; take no other. Send 4c
Ftinpt for particulars. "Relief for Ladles'"
1:i letter by return mill. AFk your druggist,
chichestrr Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
CLAREMONT OIL COMPANY on August 1.
1!^4. wijl ray a dividend (No. 2) of one (Ic)
•-erit per share on its issued capital stock.
PTrajisVr books close en Tuesday, July 2C
T904. at 1 o'clock p. m.
On Aupust 20, 1904, will pay an extra
dividend of one Me) cent per chare on its
itsued car>:tal stork. Transfer books close
Monday, August 15. 1004. at 1 o'clnrk p. m.
Psvable at it* office, room 731 Mills build-
teg, San F'iincisco.
KilZO. .1. REMINGTON. Secretary.
STUTTERIITG AND STA.MMERI27G.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
ta tsught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. : private: established 3
>ears in S- F. Tel. Mint 2K26 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
John Scgale. 23, Colma, and Mary Tosi, I
20. Ojlma.
Kran«-i*co Corbelli. 44, Fresno, and Maria
C. Adteca. 32. city.
Jsmrs W. Butler' 2S. 1008 Haigbt street, j
«.n<i Ida W. ESIIott. 22 Sacramento
Trrderick C. Bungtr. 2*. :<45 Fouith avenue, j
and I^eonie C. Ganco, 22. 429 Fourth avenue. 1
H<rrr.an O. E. Brown. 40. 16S Precita ave- J
nu«. and Emma C. Olson. .10. 'Jlfc', Hitch st. :
John Stockman, 2S 417 Stockton Ftreet and J
Hilja B. Ahonen. 22. 417 Stockton *tre. t.
Afcxanrter Preftakes. 24. Ttiti Monttomfry j
tvi-nu». mid Gluseppina Cirimele, 24, 009 !
Greenwich pirert.
James Smith. z\ ?.S4 Fifth street, and Nona •
pDT'rs, IS. 323 ilinna street. J
Wi'.liam Daw*ett. 2S. 17l« Kearny etrret. !
an-1 Rebecca Patterson. 21. 1903 I>upont street. .
William J. liynes, 29. city, and Belle DroH. !
24 »-ity.
£16IHS— KABBIAgES — DEATfli
Birth, marrisx* and death notices sent by
mall will not b* inserted. They muet b» handed j
in at eltfcei of the publication office* and be i
in.i. >rsed with the came and residence of per- j
fcoiii authorized to ha\e the same published. I
Notices restricted eii-.fly to the announcement !
of the event are published once in this column j
tree cf chare*.
BOKX. ~~
HOFFMENN— In this rlty. July IS. 1904. to
the wife of Charles J. Hofifmenn. a uni'.
MONT CTOV— In this city. July 15. l'JOi. to
the wi,'« of Captain O. W. Mont Eton, a ton.
OLSEN— In South Kan Francisco, July ." 1&04 !
to the wife of Charles oiscn. a daughter.
SCOTT— In this city. July 17, 1!XM, to the wife I
_ cf W. L. Scott, a son. i
MARRIED.
CARMICHAEL— BOWMAN— In this city July
16. !»04. by the Kev. Father Griffin. Albert
Carmicha*-! of Fort Bragg and Carrie M.
lawman of Mendocino City. - ;¦ « .
Anderton. Anton E. McCeney. Julius C.
Apple, Lena Miller. Mary S.
Urrn*tein. Mrs. Jo- Uullins. John
sephine Murphy. Theresa B
Urow-n. Josn'h O'Brien James
Carver. Capt. Horatio Ileiufchler. John G
«:onroy. Margaret Shultcs. J. Turner'
Crocker. Henry S. Ftutt. Esther
Godeski. Pauline I'nsworth Herald
Gould. John C. Van Wl Martha
Hammons. James Will. Elizabeth
Hfrtmann, George Wood. William j
ANDERSON— In Emeryville. July 17, J0O4, !
Anton E.. beloved husband of Maren Junette '
Anderson, and stepfather of Mrs. F. UVwood
and Mrs. C. Beoker, -a native of Fred*r.ck- '
*i*4. Xorway. aged 06 years 1 month at.d
21 <iaye. i
Vy Friends and af-quaintancg are respect- I
Sally invited to attend the funeral services '
to-moiTo*- ¦W. r ine«.rj J( j . at i;30 p m , a t
the parlors of Craig Cochran & Co. 4«t I
I «>jl<Jrn Gate avenue, between p o lk and Lar-
Hn Flrreis. under the auspices cf Longshore
Lumbermen's T'rofctive ARfo^lation, LocpI
No. 224. I. L. M. & T. A, Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
APPLE— In this city. July IS. 1804 Lena, '
•Karly b»!ov<:-<i daughter of th» late William .
>V. and Harsh Apple, a native of San Fran-
CJEOJ.
CXFriendB snd scquaintances are respect-
fu!I: invited to attend the funeral »ervir*>»
? Wednesday). July 20. 11(04 at 10 o'clock *
at her late residence. 727 Grove street In- I
torment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11 -30 '
a. m: train from Third and Towns? nd ctrcetE.
BERNSTEIN— In Santa Rosa. July 18 1904
Mrs. .!•£¦ phiie lieruktein. formerly o* San
Francisco, aged 01 years.
Zy Notice of funeral hereafter.
BROWN — Drowned In Alverano, July 17, 1904, '
Joseph, beloved son of Joseph and the late
Kate Brown, and brother of Marguerite
Urown, a native cf San Francisco, aged 10
years and 3 month5.
Ct^Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<We.5nos«lay). at 10:.':0 o'clock, from his late
r»^)den<-e. 215 Tehama rtreot. thence to St.
Patri«-k':i Church for sen-Ices at 11 a. m.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CARVER— In this city. July 18. l!>04. Captain
Hcratio B. Carver, beloved brother of Mra.
T. M. Todrt, a native o f North Haven. Me.,
used 72 j«ars " months and 19 days.
CONROV— In this titj-. July 17 l»O4. Mar-
gjret. beloved »ire c f the late Michael Con-
roy, and mother of Jamer. John. Richard and
the late Daniel and William Conroy, a na-
tive of Tiprwrary. Ireland.
OTTiends and acquaintances are rwpt-ct. ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Tu<-fds>>. at 8:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. l«i<» Noe Btreet. thence to Mission
Dolore* Church, where a requiem mass will
Itc celebrated for the repose of her scul
. commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment private
Holy Cress Ometery.
CKOCKETt— In this rlty, July 18 1D04, Henry
S.. husband of Nellie Crocker, and father of
«'narlfs H. Crocker, a native of Troy. N. T-,
eged 72 years.
C7"FuneraI services will be held Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock., at Masonic Temple, corner
of Poet and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of Golden Gate Commandery No
10. K. T. Interment strictly private. Pleaso
omit flowers.
F. J. M cr.ahan. Ma eager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & 00.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mission «=t.. near Nineteenth,
&au Francisco. -
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
jamks mcginn a co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
-^—Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy St.: TeL South 576.
GODESKI— In this city. July IT, 1904. Pauline,
beloved daughter of William P. and Lottl*
Godesk! and sister of Tbomaa, Mary. Nellie
and Willie Godeskl. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged "S years 6 months and 24 days.
GOULD — At his residence. 723 Clementina
street July 17 l»04. John C, beloved hus-
band of Bridgid A. Gould, a native of Cork.
Ireland.
jC7The funeral will take plac» to-day
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 723 Clementina street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Members of Franklin Lodgo No. 44. A. O.
U w., are Invited to attend the funeral of
their late charter member, brother John C.
Gould.
HAMMONS— In this city, July 15. 19O4, James
Hammons. a native of Naehvllle, Tenn., aged
85 years.
£7"Frtend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral Tuesday,
at 10 a m., from the funeral parlors of
Porter and White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARTMANN— In this city. July 17, 190*.
George beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. George
Hartmann brother of Harry and the late
Charles Hartmann. nephew of Mrs. A. Hart-
mann of lone. Cal., and cousin of George
and William Hartmann. a native of Califor-
nia, aged 25 years 2 months and 7 days.
CTFtienUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday.. July >*0. 1904. at 1 o'clock, at
Foresters' Hall 102 O'Farrell street, under
the au!-plce3 of Court Star of the West No.
C956 A O F.. and Painters' Union No. 19.
Interment 'Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage.
McCENEY— In this city. July 18. 1C04. Julius
C. McCeney. a native of Maryland, aged 74
years. ¦'. • . i;
(ETFriendt and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day July 20, 19O4, at 11 o'clock, from Pio-
neer Hall, under the auspices of the Society
of California Pioneers. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
4C5 Powell street, near Post.
MILLER— In this city July 18, 1904. Mary
Sprague Miller, daughter of A. C. and Mary
Sprague Miller, a native of Chicago; 111.,
aged 4 years and 2 months.
MULL1NS— In the City and County Hospital.
July IS. 19O4. John Mulllns, a native of Ire-
land, aged 62 years.
MURPHY— In this city. July 16. 1904, Theresa
B.. beloved wife of the late James B. Mur-
phy, and dearly beloved mother of Made-
leine. Joseph, Anthony, James and Mary
Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 4S years
and 8 months. , (Boston. Mass.. and Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 13, at 9 a. m., from her late residence,
535 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'BUIEN— In this city. July 17. 1904. Jajr.es
Patrick beloved son of Bridget and the late
Michael J. O'Brien, and brother of Kath-
erine, John J., Frank and Nora O'Brien, a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years and
11 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday*, at 10 a. m. from his late resi-
dence. 713 Howard street, thenoe to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10:30 a m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
To the Officers and Members of GoMcn
Gate Council Xo. 34, V. M. I.: You a:e
hereby notified to attefid the funeral of our
late brother. James P. O'Brien, from his
late residence. 749 Howard Sirett. to-day
• Tuesday), at 9:45 a. m. Fines for non-at-
tendance strictly enforced.
W. J. RILEY. President.
E. J. HARRINGTON. Oor. Secretary.
ItENTSCHLER— In this city. July 17, 190t,
John G., dearly beloved husband of Amelia
Rcntsohlrr. and devoted father of Annie.
Millie. Fred Gertrude Alb~rt and Uirdie
Rentschlrr. and brother of Mai tin Rentsch-
ler and LIvs Barbara Driesohman. a native
of Rothfeldt. Germany, aged C6 years. A
member of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R..
and Court Occldi ntal No. 6676. A. O. of F.-
ETTrit-ndfi and acquaintances arc respect-
fully in\'»e.i to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuetdayi, July 10. at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1767 Fifteenth street, be-
mera Valencia and Guerrero, thence to the
En:anin?l Evangelical Church, Twelfth
Ftitet. n»ar Market, for services, commenc-
ing at 1 :.'I0 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
SIUTLTEjS— In Napa. Cal.. July 15. 1904, .T.
Turner Shuites. b?Iovr«l hu.-baivi of Ar.nia
K. Sliulfa. and brother of George Shul cs
of Cortex. Nev.. a native of New York, for-
merly a resident of San Jose.
STUTT— In Oakland. July 13. 1904. E = ther
IStutt, mother of George. Joseph and Alice
Mutt and Mrs. Bell Wotxiburne. Kmma Law.
ranee and Maml Duacen, a native of Ire-
land, aged C5 years. • .
UNfUORTH — In this city. July 18. 19<H. Ker-
a!<j. bt-lovcd husband of Etta Unsworth, a
native of Liverpool. England, aped 44 years.
C^Remains at ll:e parlors of McFadden,
McRrearty & Gran. 1171 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
VAN' TASSEL— In th!« city. July 16, 1904
Martha M. Van Tassel, beloved wife uf
Frank Van Tassel, and sister of Mrs. E.
Anzenhofcr, Mr?. K. Oelilman and B. Ger-
man, J. German. M. H. German and C. G.
German, and sister-in-law of Mrg. Ciaia
Gel-man, a native of Ontario. Canada, aged
UJ years 2 months and 1 day.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), July 19, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of James Hagan & -Co.,
49-51 Duboce avecue. formerly Thirteenth
street near Valencia. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WILL— In this city. July 1R, lfWM. Elizabeth
•Will, beloved mother of Mrs. T. Kuttcr.
Mr« K Schr>pplicn. Mrs. L. Koch. Mrs. E.
LInerman. Mrs. M. Pabst and Phillip Will.
r native i>f Germany, aged K'l years.
WOOD— In the City and County Hospital,
July 1* 1»04 William Wood, a native of
Washington, V. ' C. aged 40 years.Receipts of Produce.
Figs were the only description of deciduous
fruits that "were scarce, supplies of nearly all
other kinds beinz excessive. Receipts of Bare
lett Pears were suddenly heavy and even the
fanciest packed stock .was lower, with a heavy
surplus unsold at the close. Offerings In large
open boxes consisted chiefly of windfalls, which
were practically unsalable. Plums and Prunes
continued to drag, but good hard stock- was
firmly held In expectation of a good demand for
shipment to-day. Canners were offering $20
@25 per. ton for; some varieties, but they were
unable to procure any at those figures. • An
outside, canner was bidding $35 per ton for 'fine
yellow Apricots and picked up several lots,
but ¦ the leading packers would not pay over
$30. Offerings. In. small -••ckages were very
scarce, the high prices of loose stock having
checked packing.' The market was not so
badly congested with Peaches as on Saturday
and the best stock cleaned up well, but
plles of ordinary fruit were still excessive/ Re
ceipts of basket Peaches from the river were
only 'fifty-two packages and they sold quickly
at SOc per basket. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons were in Increased supply and cheaper,
while Watermelons were steady and unchanged.
Coachella Watermelons have had their run
and the quotations are omitted. Berries con
tinued to arrive freely, but all descriptions
cleaned up well at steady rates. There was
nothing ; new to report in- Citrus or Tropical
STRAWBERRIES— $4®6 per chest for Long
wotths and S2<54 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $3@4 50 per chest for red
and $2 25 for black. •• - - L • -
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.. ,
,' RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest. . - .
CURRANTS— Nominal.
HUCKLEBEP.RIES-^-12}S<J per lb, •*¦»-- . ..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was a fair scattered trade In " oats,
the main feature being buying of September by
a prominent ccmmlsslon bouse. After open-
Ing unchanged. to %c higher at 32Tfc<g>33 C Sep
tember declined to 22%c and closed at 32%c.
Buying by shorts caused considerable strength
in provisions ' at ' the start, but much of the
early gain was subsequently/ loet on prom-tak-
CHICAGO, July 18. — At the opening In wheat
there was apparently but one opinion, namely,
that the early news strongly favored higher
prices. To begin with, the Liverpool market
showed a marked advance prices there being
up over a penny. That of itself was sufficient
ly significant, but it was also accompanied by
a statement that the advance was partly due
to a bullish report of .the Russian crop - as
published by a London newspaper. In addi
tion the world's shipments were light and the
amount on passage showed a decrease of over
8.000,000 bushels. In addition to the foreign
situation, heavy rains were reported in the Rod
River Valley. ShorU were active buyers at
the etart. With light offerings. Initial quota
tions on September were %c to %c higher at
88%c to 88 %c As the session advanced buying
became general, the demands from foreigners
being of a . better character than for a long
time. Selling was largely in the way of profit
taking. After September had advanced to
8U%c the market experienced a ilight setback
as a result of bearish advices from the South
west. Harvest operations were reported again
in full blast. The close on September was at
SS t /h©*8c. July sold between 96%e and- 98o
and closed at 97 %c.
In sympathy with the strength of wheat the
corn market opened quite firm, but sentiment
soon changed, an easier tone prevailing the
greater part of the day. September opened
unchanged to 'Ac higher at 4!)c to 49Vic, Bold
off to 48%2 and closed at 49%c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
NEW TORK. July 18. — Money on call ea*y;
highest, 1% per^cent; lowest. 1; ruling rate,
IU: l&*t loan. u; ; closinr bid, 1; offered
at 1*4. Time money easy; sixty days, 2 per
cent; ninety ta.y%, 2%; B jx months. 3#3%.
Prime raercar.tl> paper, 3%^4 per cent.
Jt te li in f-^^ C vfi? C * "I**- wlth actUiJ business
i^/i « M- k /L- scrt0 ®-*-«iSo for demand
arid at *4.^4Jl^il M.io « or B ! X ty-day bills.
Posted rates. $4 K>'i^4 Wi ajid $4 88 Com
rn*rcial bills $4 6104 M%. ISaV silvir. fiS^c
Mexican ¦ dollars, 45%a Government bonds.
(steady; railroad bonds, irregular. *~" ua '
New York Money Market.
California Club', $1S'2%@1 8s%. California
.White Australian,': $1 52%@1 57%; NorUwra
Silver was higher. European Exchange was
lower. Domestic rates remained unchanged. ¦
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8S>A
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic... — ¦ 07%
Silver, per ounce — 5S%
Mexican Dollars 46 ©47
- .. INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico. 215
Berlin on London .'. 20.43
Paris on London 25.18
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦<
WHEAT — The forelsrn markets were firmer,
with higher futures. ' The world's shipments
for the week were as follows. In quarters: Rus
sian, 220,000 bushels; Danublan, 32,000; Argen
tina, 101.000; Indian, 248.000; Australian, 24,000.
The American visible supply decreased SOU.OOO
buihels.-
Chicago advanced l%o on the higher cables,
reported Injury to the Russian crop and heavy
rains in the Red River Valley. The damage
to the Kansas crop was finally estimated by ,
one- authority at 25 per cent. There was con
siderable realizing, but the market absorbed it.
The Chicago wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy &
Co. said: "The principal Incentive to strength
was foreign markets, ¦ which were up about the
eame amount. Broorohall cabled that the Liver
pool advance was due partially to the strong
I American markets. Weather through the winter
1 wheat section is fine. There were some rains
in Red River Valley, but more moderate tem
peratures through the Northwest and.condi
tions in that section are generally satisfactory.
All the reports from i the Southwest Indicate
general threshing and a general- inclination
to get wheat to market as soon as possible. In
order to take advantage of the high premiums
on cash wheat and on the July options. Re
ceipts in Kansas City and St. Louis were
more liberal. . and quite. a movement is likely
before the end ot the week. The Introduction
of lower consols and' the political situation Is
a disconcerting factor. We hardly believe, how
. ever. In any Euroi>can political complications
at this time. Assuming the market will, with
good weather, turn on .conditions of supply and
demand, we are Inclined to think that the be
lievers In wheat should pursue a rather con
servative course for4the time being. "Whether
the new crop of winter wheat. is large or small,
a free movement Is likely In the near future.
The short interest In the July option has been
very much. reduced, and it would seem reason
able that the millers will' buy sparingly and
from hand to mouth at these premiums. If
I we were, lone on July wheat and believers in
higher pricM.nhink we would let the July go
and buy something cheaper."
- This market was. strong and, active, with
higher futures and an advance in cash Club.
Spot offerings »were cleaned up and the mar
ket Is bare of round lots. -. The demand In the
4nterlor continues brisk. : ,
CASH WHEAT.:
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, July 18. — The visible supply of
grain Saturday, July 16, as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 12,719,000 bushels, decrease 800,000
bushels; corn, 6,084,000 bushels, decrease 00,100
bushels; oats, 3,886,000 bushels decrease 551,000
bushels; rye. 780,000 bushels, decrease 35,000
bushels; barley, 236,000 bushels, decrease 160.
000 bushels. •
EGGS— Ranch. 25®2Sc for fair to choice;
store. 1°®22%c;, Eastern. 20@22%c for firsts
and 17® 19c for seconds.
The week opened with all three markets dull
and spiritless. Receipts of Butter, Cheese and
Eggs wer* liberal, and there was no disposition
shown by dealers to change their attitudes of
last • week concerning quotations. Those who
were weak on -Saturday continued so. and vice
versa. All bouses compUUned of the dullness
of trade. The Egg market was not as firm as
at the close of last week, and dealers were In
clined to think . that a halt bad been called in
tho advance for the present.
Receipts were 137,100 lbs Butter, 1255 cases
Eggs and 12,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 21c
for extras and l!0c for firsts; dairy, 17j?-20c;
store Butter. 14@16c; Eastern creamery, liiutf
20c: Eastern ladle-packed, 14@16%c per lb.
CHEESE — 9®9%c for choice mild new. and
8@8%c for lower grades; Young Americas, 11@
ll%c; Eastern, 10@15c; Utah. 12c per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAI; MARKETS.
Two cars of Western Poultry were placed
on sale and cleaned up well at good prices.
Receipts of domestic Etock were very light,
but there was plenty of small young chickens
offering that had been carried over from Satur
day. Trade was very quiet and prices of most
d«3criptions were largely nominal. Game was
in light receipt and cleaned up at about pre
vious prices.-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15e per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 25®
1 SO; Ducks, $3 50@4 50 per dozen for old and
$4@5 for- young: Hens, $5@5 50 for large anJ
$4 50®5 for small: young Roosters. $* sows*:
old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4 BO@5 60;
Broilers, <2 50g3 for large and $2£2 50 for
smail; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 iSei 60 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 50060c per dozen; Hare,
$1@1 25 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $l 75
per dozen. ¦• • -
Poultry and Game.
' Foreign Futures.
. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 8 7 6 S>4 6 8U
Closing 6 7% « 0 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 21 15 21 35
Closing 21 25 21 45
Flout- —
Opening 28 75 28 W)
Closing 28 65 28 75
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. July 1?.— WOOIi— Steady; me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 24<g24Ke;
light fine, 16@18c; heavy fine, 12@13c; tub
washed, 33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
# WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July IS. —WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, 75c; club, 67c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July IS. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla* Ctic; bluestem, 75c; Valley, 7Sc.
¦ Northern Business.
SEATTLE July 18.— Clearings, $S74,39I; bal
ances, $102,684. ....
TACOMA. July 18. — Clearings, $351,345; bal
ances. $24,497.
PORTLAND. July 18. — Clearings, $613,014;
balances, ?94,430.
SPOKANE. July 18.— Clearings, $468,264;
balances, $71,032.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%c according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.03c;
Powdered. 6.90c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.80c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.80c; Fruit Granulated, 5.80c; Beet Granu
lated ttOO-lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A, 6.80c; Magnolia A. 6.40c; Extra C. 5.80c:
Golden C, 5.20c; "D," 5.10c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc more; 60- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.30c; boxes. 6.65c; II. & E. Crystal
Domino?. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%c; San Quentln. $5 40-
Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags, 6%@7%c for white and 7o for brown
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton $S; Seattle. *6 50; Bryant. I8 60; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay ?5 CO: Greta. $7: Wallsend. S7; Richmond.
t~ 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg.- $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60@13
per ton In bulk, and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Linseed Is Gc higher. Quota
tions are for barrels; for cases add
5c: Linseed, 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10©t 12; Lucol. 45o
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut, cases,
62%<&S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
OH 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil: 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34e; boiled Fish Oil. 37c ; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 10%e; Astra], 19%c;
Star, 19%c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 2te:
Eocene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk. 16c: In, cases. 22%c: Benzine, in balk.
13c; In caaes, 19%c: 8tt-degree Gasoline In
bulk, 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 18—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
pi.r»tures are reported for the previous day
Xrcm Eastern cities :
Bostcn SQ-68lXew Orleans ....88-74
Cincinnati t«4-7l»' Philadelphia 90-72
Jacksonville Sv7t Washington 00-70 1
St. Louis B2-76]New York S4-6S
t-'an Francisco 62-C2
THE COAST RECORD.
g 2 K O « J
I Bs 93 <j2. *
STATIONS. i f i "§ = I? C* =•
2. 2=s 3 a 3 • s
: e = : : S
• 33: ? :
33«kor 30. OS T^ 4~i NW Clear ToO
Cnvoa 29.78 !>0 f,:« KW Clear .00
Eurtka :i».<H i>n 5<» NW Clear .00
FiWM 29.76 »•* 5« NW Clear .(?»
6 E. FaraUon.2a.JC 55 Zt.1 NW Clear" .00
Flar&:aff 2a. W 8B 44 .. Clear .CO
XVxateJta •ja.'J'j M 4S SW Clear .00
Incri^r.d-nce .2».7« 94 «¦»? SE <"lear .(">0
L-f Ar.r'i-5 ..'A.*s2 7S 56 W Ciear .00
34t. Ta^a!i.^:f.25.'- > 2 8S 59 SW Ciear .(K.I
JC.'rih Head ..:»<». l'i «0 52 NW Clear .C>0
yho^r.ix 28. K<5 7S 72 NW Clear .00
Toint Keyes ..29.S5 55 !W> NW Cl^ar .00
PTtliTid 30. <W 7»j 66 NW Clear .00
XlKi Uluff ...2S».7rt 1"K> 66 SE Clear .r<»
Rcs^burg 30.02 M 4S N Clear .00
FacrampntD ..S9.69 92 JS S Clear .V)
6a!t I^ake 23. V2 86 M NW Clear .<>0
Ban Francisco. 2?>. 00 «2 52 W Clear .00
.E. L. Oblspo. .^a.SS 78 50 NW Clear .00
San Diego 2:».K2 70 «rt SW Clear 00!
Pf-ittle SO. 2ft 70 52 W Clear T.
Spokane 30.12 76 64 W CDar .00
Tatoofh ...!.. 30. 22 <Z1 4S NW Clear .00
"Walla W&:'a..."0.06 SO 68 PW Clear .00
V.lnnerr.ucra ..29.90 S« 5<» NE Clear .00
Yuma 29.6»> 104 4S W Clear .00
"l^EATHER CONDITIONS AND CEXERAL
FORECAST.
The prej^ure continues high over the north
vsiern porftoti of the country. -Warmer and
mm seafcmable - weather prevails over the
rtcific Elope. In the Sacramento and San
Jcaquln valleys there has bfen a rise of S de-
KT«*s or more in temi<erature. Afternoon
temperature* rarre from 9S to 100 degrees.
Li*;ht rain has fallen at El Paso and con
ditions are favorable for a storm of the
Fonora type along the Mexican boundary-
Frrecatt made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hr.urs ending rsMciCbt, July IS:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, con
tinue* warm weather; light southerly winds
trar.gir.g to northerly.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fre*h,
KfttPriy winds. i
"Nevada — Fair, wanner Tuesday. '.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday
J:*.ht south winds, changing to brisk westerly'
vilh f °S- A. G. Me ADI E,
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
¦Sal a • s»
6TATI0NS. £ £ o * =5
* $ ; I i»
\ I: I r n\
CloverdaJ- 1<"j2 r.4 Clear 00
gpbq* -•-.. f*l «:i .... Clear .(X,
Y**T>te fiR 60 NW Cloar .<X»
2S2J1 m f>6 N "« r "«*«• -oo
" a r:{ ord W M .... tncar .00
Hoilister 45 w* <near .CO
Jndeper.donce JU «8 PE Oear .00
King City «2 40 N Clear .00
Uvormope 5*5 4s ... # - riear >00
1.^ Ar.prlrs ps 5« •w clear .00
**?»¦ -. S4 £1 S Clear .00
m .. SW Clear .OO
Xomman If¥> r,2 Clear .f>O
raimr-ro «<; -^ Clear .OO
I'ortervii!* 65 55 xw f^w .00
5*" 1 B!u!r lfl^ ™ PE Clear .00
Kiverside fl5 TA Clear 00
Facrsmentf> K 68 S Clear .00
Ptn Vi*go 70 (SO SW Clear .(i0
Fan Francisco «2 62 W Clear .00
Fan Tom gl r^ Clear .00
Fan Lu'f Obi^o 78 SO NW Clear _00
Farta Maria 73 4S Clear .00
Fanta Ro*=a *8 4S .... Clear .00
Ftorkton 00 65 .... Clear .00
t>5 55 s Clear .00
Coluss— Eftircate now. prunes will be about
half crop.
Hanford — C&r.r.ery putting up large crop
p»»rhes prr«?!!*-Tit; grain and irrap^s good.
Napa — Peach's, pears and plums ripening;
fair crop.
HottiFter— Hrp« doicg w*ll; large crop.
Eanta Maria — Low fog morning; continuation
r,t cool weather with same crop conditions.
Willows — Crop condition* unchanged
Fan Jose— Hay crop about all cut; medium
crop.
Llvertnot* — Heading and thrashing still In ,
pnpgrrts.
, F'almero — As the fig crop develops It prom
ise* tr> b*> large an4 of pood quality.
Nrwisan — No change.
Ftockton — Varieties of plums forming; for
ward freely to ehipplnc market.
Cloverdaie^ — Grapes are In excellent condl- ;
tion.
A. O. McADIE.
The we?k opened without change, except a
decline in Wethers. Good medium weight Hogs
were In fair demand at the advance noted at
the close of the week.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4&6o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. 83§%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%SSc; Ewes, 7<gSc
per lb. *
LAMB— »®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressfed Hogs. 6%frS%e per 1*.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@7%c; Cows and Heif
ere. 5%@6%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%63%c; Ewes. 303%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 00-32 75 per bead,
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 2cn lbs. 4%©4T4c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows,
20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
Supplies of Cucumbers and Summer Squash,
while leas ; liberal than on Saturday, were still
excessive and carried-over lots of both could
be had below the minimum, quotations. To
matoes, particularly large boxes, were firmer
under moderate receipts. Green Peppers con
tinued 'to arrive freely and, although offered
at lower figures, there was quite a quantity
unsold at the close. Changes In the other
vegetables were slight.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
$1 25SJ1 75 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $2-W2 23
per ctl: Early Rose, $1 25@1 40; Garnet Chiles,
$1 25©1 40; old Potatoes. $1@1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, ?I 40 per sack; Silver
skins. $1 r>0@l CO per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 BO per
sack and $1 25@1 75 per crate; Asparagus, :;'<j
5c rer lb: Rhubarb, 40@50c per box; Garden
Peas, 3%@4c per lb; String and Wax B*-ans,
2g'3c per lb; Lima Beans. Sc per lb; Tomatoes
In small boxes and crates. 40@75c; large open
boxes, $1 50^1 75; Summer Squash, 2S<J3Oo
per box; Cabbage. $1 per,ctl: Carrots $1 per
sack; Cucumbers, 2G@30c per box: Garlic, 3©4c
per lb; Egg Plant, $1@1 25 per box; Dried
Peppers, SfiflOc for sun-dried and 12%Q13c per
lb for evaporated; Dried Okra. 12%@15c.per lb;
Green Okra, 10c per lb; Green Peppers, 75c@
$1 per box. . ¦ . .
New Potatoes were In Increased supply and
decidedly weak, with rive» Burbanks and
Eearly Rose offering at lower prices. Retailers
report the consumptive, demand very light,
owing to the abundance and low prices of jmis
cellaneoua vegetables. Onions ruled firm and
new Red. which were in very light supply, had
a FharD advance.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation shows no. further change, and
all descriptions are quiet. - I.lmas continue
very firm, with prospects for a marked re
duction in ti:e : yield this year, owing to the
deficiency In moisture.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40-32 53: Pea. *2 90^3:
.Butters $3; email White, $2 75<22 W); large
White. $2 30®2 50; Pink, $3 4O®3 50; Red,
$4 2504 50; Lima. $3 30@3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4.75Q5; Blackeye. $2 10®2 20 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2^2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. $1 90@2 25; Canary, 6%@
7c; Alfalfa. 16@15%c; Rape 1%@2%c; Tlmo-'
thy. 6%c; Hemp, 3i;@3%c per lb; Millet.
2V»«3\ic; Broom Corn Seed, $2O:g21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %<31c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium, 8%@0c: light. 8®8%c;
Cow Hides, 8@8%c for heavy and
8@8%c for light; Stags. 6c; Salted
Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, 10%@llc; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23@40o
each; short Wool, 40'36T>c each; medium. 75@
90c: long Wool. $101 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 25
©1 75 for small and .50c for Colts. Horse
Hide*, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for
medium. $1®1 25 for email and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. SOc; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American 30<332%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do, $1 25; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 434%e per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 17@19c: SanJoaquin and Southern. 12
months' 10®12c: do 7 months'. 9@llc per lb;
Middle Counties, 13@17c for free and 12315a
for defective; Northern. 16@18c for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada, 13©16c, accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 2OS27%c per lb for Call.
fcrnia. 1903 Contracts for 1001 crop axe quoted
at 17%®2Oc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 60022 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
32 50; jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23;
Ccrn Meal. $30 50031 60; Cracked Corn, $31®
32; Mixed Feed. $22<g22 50; Horse Beans, $3O&
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10@13 : Wheat and Oat $9^
11 60; Oat. ¦ $9@11 60; Barley and Oat," $8$
10 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $S@10; stock. $7@S;
Clover. $7 50@10; Alfalfa $7@10 60 per ton.
STRAW— 50@70c per bale. ¦
Receipts of hay were excessive, being 1561
tons. Including 123 cars. The market was
naturally deDressed under this burden, and to
effect sales concessions of 60c per ton from the
quotations were necessary. The trade say that
if receipts keep up like this the market will
go lower. /.
There was" nothing new in Bran or other
Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. Market about steady.
Western yearlings, $3 751H 25; wethers, $:$ :>(*a
4 25; ewes, $3^3 6.">: common and stockers,
$2 25«i3 50; lambs. $i7506.
Miscellaneous Markets.
HOGS — Receipts 1500. Market 5c to 10c
higher. Heavy, $5 25<3S37%; mixed, $5 15®
5 25; llirht. $5 10^5 25; pigs. $4 50t? 5; bulk of
sale*. $5 IXUZ 2.1.
OMAHA. July IS. — CATTLE — Rec«lpti«, 1600.
Market strong. Western steers, $5^6 25; cows
and heifers, $3«?4 50; native eteers. $3 7:>i@-4 75;
range cows and heifers, $2 2r>(7f«; canners, $1 75
(52: stockers and feeders, $2 5OS'4 15; calves,
$2 .10®."> 25: bulls. $2 75^1-4 25.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 18.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 5000. Including 3000 Southern. Mar
ket steady. Native steers, $4@*5; Southern
steers. $2 50®4 50: Southern cows. $1 75@3 50;
native cows nnd heifers, Jl 75JT5;. stackers and
feeders. $2 50<S4 25; bulls, $2 BOfKJ 75; calves,
$2 50-84 75; Western steers, $3 75®'5 50; West
ern cows, $1 75@3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, .8000. Market steady. Bulk
of sales $5 2O©5 35: heavy. $5' 25@5 45; pack-'
ers $r> 20<g5 40; pigs and light. ?4 25@5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market steady.
Muttons. $3 25'dTi 75; Iambs, $4^6; range weth
ers, $3 75@4 75; ewes. $3®3 75.
Kansas Cit\.
CHICAGO, July 18. C.ATTLB— Receipts,
8000. ' Slow. Good to prime steers, $5 50®6 40;
poor to medium. $4 50@5 25; stockers and feed
ers $2 50<ff4' cows, $1 50@4 50; heifers, $2@5;
canners, $1 50#3 70; bulls. $2®4 25; calves, $2
@5; Texas fed steers, $4 50@5 20.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 10,000; to-morrow,
8000. 10c higher. Mixed and butchers $5 30®
$5 75; good to choice heavy. $5 50<g5 75; rough
heavy. $5 VmTt 40; light, $5 35®« 55; bulk of
sales. $5 40<§5 C5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000. Sheep and lambs,
slow. Good to choice wethers, $4 25@5; fair to
choice mixed, $3 5O«r4 25; native lambs, $4g'7;
Western lambs, $4@7. \
Chicago.
CATTIiE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; thre*
half barrels. S'.ic; o ne tierce. 8%c; two tiercea,
8c; five tiercea, 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOo per lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light,
13%c for extra light and 16c for .sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12%c: Mess Beef, $109
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $11©11 50: Family.
$12^12 50; prime Mess Fork. $14 50: extra
clear, $21; Mess, $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9%c;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6©6%c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
914c; 10-lb tins 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
The. strike iu the West has not thus far dis
turbed quotations much, and In fact yester
day's wires from Chicago said: "There Is
no change In the conditions concerning the
strike at the yards, and pending this the mar
ket is dull and steady on a small volume of
Uninteresting trade."
This market continues quiet and featureless
at the familiar prices.
Provisions.
: CHICAGO. July 18.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. 13@17c; dairy, 12sQ:15c; eggs, firm,
14%®15%c; cheese, easy, 7%@8%c.
. ELGIN, HI., July 18. — Butter remained
unchanged on the Board of Trade to-day, hold-
Ing firm at 17 cents. Th«' weekly output was
SJ0.000 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Weather Report.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 80;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 5004 75- Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75@
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
erable advance after the first hour. A strong
sentimental influence was exerted by the re
sumption of the advance in Pennsylvania after
a period of profit-taking following a previous
ac'vance. The realizing in United States Steel
preferred was facilitated by reports of the re
opening of the mills at Homestead. The trunk
lues were benefited by the favorable color of
the weekly traffic reports of officials in that
territory. Otherwise the risa in stocks had
little news to go on. Foreign markets were
suflerers from tU*_xeported diplomatic friction
which has resulted from Russian acts toward
the £hl£>s of neutral nations, and the same
cause helj>ed tt> lift the price of wheat.
Officials ot Western railroads quite generally
admitted the halt in buginess revival which
has been caused by the reported damage to
the wheat crop and the danger that' another
period ot business hesitation be caused. This
did not prevent a 2-point rise in AtchUon,
which placed it in the leadership of the mar
ket. The irreconcilable attitude of the parties
tu the meat packers' strike disappointed hopes
held last wetk of an early adjustment.. Money
continued very eary'and trie sub-treasury paid
out $1,7S3,<joo on account of newly arrived
Jepane,«e fold at San Francisco. Renewed
pret-sure to take profits In the final hour caused
a material reaction in the market, but the
close was eteady and irregular.
Bonds were somewhat Irregular and not very
active. Total sales, par value, $2,780,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiron 71.V00 78% 70% 7S%
AU-hison pid 3.100 BdU 943* 95^
Bait & Ohio 2S.700 . bl!t 84Vi So%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 U4 94 «3»i
Canadian Pacific... 600 12tt 125% 125%
Cent ct New Jersey 200 106 165** 1(55
Chesapeake & Ohio 6.000 35% 34% 34%
Chicago A Alton... 100 40 40' SSVir
Chi & Alien pfd... 200 80 80 77
Chi & Ot West.... 1,600 .14% 14% 14%
Chi & N W 1.700-177%, 176 177
Chi M A St. Paul.. 39.400 143-% 144* 143%
Chi M & St. P pfd 179
Chi Term & Trans. 500 CU 6 6
Chi T A T pfd 500 15 14U 14%
C C C A St L 400 76% 75 ¦« 7«H
Colo Southern.....'. 1,100 15VI 15 14%
ColC South 1st pfd. 400 60% 60 50 1 *
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 21 21 - ¦ 20%
Deia & Hud 4.800 l«0% 15» 160
Dela Lack A W... 100 2f9 269 270
Denver & R O.... 400 22*» 22% 22%
D A R G pfd 300 74 72% 73
Erie 1,700 26% '25% 25%
Erie l*t pfd 2,800 '63% 62% 62%
Erie 2d pid 1,400 3SJ% . 39 S8%
Hocking Valley 400 K8% 68 «7?i
Hook Vall»y pfd... 10O 81% 81% 80%
Illinois Central 1,700 136 135% 135%
Iowa Central 400 1» 1S% 1S»4
Iowa Cent pfd 200 36% 36% 36
Kansas City So 600 22*i 22% 22%
Kan City So pfd.. 600 45 43% 44%
Louis & Nash 6.900 119 116V 4 HUV-
Manhattan L. ...;. 900 161% 151 151%
Met Securities 2.7O0 S8% 67% 87^
Met St Ry 15.700 117% U6H 116%
Mexican Central.. 10
Mir.n A St Louis.. 300 46 44% 45
Minn. S P & S S M 100 70 70 6»%
M. S P &SSM pfd. 8.600 127 127 IK
Missouri Pacific 26,900 94^ VZ% 93«i
Miss, Kan A Tex.. . 400 18% 17 % 18%
M, K & T pfd 1.300 40% 40% 40%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 37%
N Y Cent 4.300 120% 119% 119V*
Norfolk A Weet... 3.700 62% 62 62%
Norfolk & W pfd 66
Ontario & Western 9.400 50% 29% 30%
Pennsylvania 77.000 121 119% 120%
Pitts C C A St L.. 600 63% 62 61%
Reading 76.900 53»» 62^ 63%
Reading let pfd 83%
Reading 2d pfd.... 100 72 72 71
Rock Island Co.... 13,r>00 i»Vt 22% 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 500 67% «6% 66%
SL4SFM Pfd. 7,7<K> 51 49% 50%
EfLSW 300 13% 13% 13%
St L S W pfd 3.100 33 32% 32%
Southern Pacific... 20,700 61% 60% 60%
Southern Ity 17.800 i'5% 24%. 24%
South Ry pfd 2.900 89% S9»4 89
Texas Ac Pacific... 2.800 26 25Vi 25%
Tol St L & W 900 26% 26 26%
Tol St L & W pfd. 2.700 39% 3S& 39
Union Pacific 30.600 5»G% »5 05%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 W% 94U 9^%
Wabafh 400 17% 17% 17%
Wabath pfd 1.W0 36% 36% 38
Wheel A L E 300 16 16 15%
Wisconsin Ontra.1. 700 1S% 18 1SI»
¦Wi^onsin Cen pfd 40
Express Companies —
Adamb , .... 225
American 200
United States 108
Wells-Fargo 200 207 206 204
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 49.300 54% 63 53%
Am Car A Found.. 700 1«% 18 18%
Am Car & F pfd 700 78% 78% 77
Am Cotton Oil 100 27% 27% 27%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 200 80 89% 88
American Ice 200 6% ti% 6%
American Ice pfd .... 27
Am Linseed Oil 8%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 26
Amer Locomotive.. 9.5no 23% 22% 22%
Amer Loco pfd 700 S8 87% 86
Am Smelt A Ref.. 7.300 67 66% 57%
Am S A Ref pfd.. «OO »9 98% 98V4
Amer Sugar Ref... 7.000 130% 129% 129%
Anaconda MIn Co.. 700 76 75 74%
Brklyn Rap Trans. 20,100 51% 60% .60%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 S3 32% 32
Consolidated Gaa... «00 194% 194 194
Corn Products 1.500 12% 12%. 12%
Corn Products pfd. 700 70 70 69
Distillers' Sees 200 22 22 21%
General Electric... 1.000 166% 164 164
International Paper 800 13% 13 13%
lnterntl Paper pfd .... 68
International Pump 300 33 33 32%
Interntl Pump pfd. 100 77% 77% 76
National Lead 1,600 ,24 23% 23
North American.... &O0 89% 89% 89%
Pacific Hall 400 28% 28% 28
People's Gaa 1,700 101 : 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 33 32% 33
Pressed S Car pfd. 600 76% 75% 76 '
Pullman Palace Car .. ;; 220
Republic Steel 2,700 8 7% 7%
Republic Eteel pfd. 4,300 44tf' 43 44
Rubber Goods •••• 17%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 700 78% 78% 77%
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 2.500 40?i 39% . 39%
V S Leather 8.400 7% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd... 300 84 83% 83%
U S Realty 400 7\i 7%.\, 7%
U K Realty pfd 300 62% 62% 62
U S Rubber. 1.800 .18% 18 18U
U B Rubber pfd... 9,6uO 75% -73% -75%
U S Steel 84.500 i-J.% 12% "- 12%
US Steel pfd.. 60.200 63 61% : 62%
Westinghouse Elee. 5,300 185-103 162%
Western Union 800 88%. 88. 88
Total sales 801,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Bond transaction!.
United Railroads of San Francisco, 25,000 at
$82 25; 60.000 at $S2.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. . ." -".'
Common— Bid. 4%; asked, 4J4. ' Preferred —
Bid. 43; asked. 43%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%|L & N unified 48.100%
1 Do coupon 104% | Man con gold 48.105
Do 3s reg 104%|Mex Central 4s... (4
Do coupon 105% Do 1st inc 15
Do new 4s reg.l31Vi Minn A St-L 4s.. 96%
Do coupon 132% M. K A Tex 4*.. 99%
Do old 4s reg.104% Do 2ds ..... 80
Do coupon 1O6V4 NR o f Mex con 4s 77
Atch gen 4« 162% NYC gen 3%s.. 99%
Do ad 4s 05 N J C gen 6s 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 08% Nor aac 4s .. 105
Salt & Ohio 4S..10.-U4 Do Ss 75
Do 8%s ....... 04% Nor & W con 4s. 101
Central of -Ga 6s.llO% OSL 4s & partlc 98
Do 1st Inc 79% Pa conv 3%s.. 98
Cbes A Ohio 4%s.lO6% Reading gen 4«...- 98U
Chi A Alton 3%s. 78% S L A I M con 5s 116
C. B A Q new 4s. 07% S L A S F fg 4s 81X4
CM ftSPtn 4s.lO7% St Louis SW lsts. 96M
C * NW con 7«.129% Seaboard A L 4s 68U
C. R I * Pac 4*. 71% So Pacific 4s. ...* 9414
Do col 5s .. 81% So Hallway 5s.. 115
C.C.C A SL*n 4S.101 Tex. A Pac leU..H9
Chi Term 4 74% T. St LAW 4s. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 64 Union Pac 4s 105U
Colo A So 4s..-.. 84% Do conv 4s..... 102 V4
C F & I con 6s. 71% U 6 Steel. 2d 6s.. 7»2
Den A Rio G 48.100 Wabash Ists 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 88% • Do deb' B 69%
Do gen 4s §5% W A L Erie 4s... 91%
F Vf.tt D C lst*.103tj %vis Central is.... 90
Uoclt Val 4%i... 10714
The Claremont Oil Company win pay a
regular monthly dividend of lc per share,
amounting to $50GO. August 1; also> extra of
lc per share, amounting to $5000, oa Ait
gust 20. . '.-:¦
STOCK AM) BOXD EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July IS— 2 p. m.
¦ UNITED STATES BOND3.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. As%.
4s qr coup..l0H 106^! 4s qr t% new.r»2%lS3}fr
4a qr reg.. .106H106%l?.s qr iCAJi...!05% — -
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — | Oak T Co Cs.llS —
J*ay CPC 5S.102 — j Do-5s 110 —
Cal p G 5»-lO3 104% Do con 5s. 102 108
Cal G & E k I Oceanic S 5s. — TX%
m & ct 5s. 84 85%|Om Cable 6s.l20 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 115%; Pac G Im 4s. 82% 9«
C C Wat 5s. — ICO P E Ry S». — 10*
EdL & P 6S.124& — P & C H 6s.lO3 —
F & C H 6s.lH — P & O R 6a.ll2 113
Geary-«t 5a.. — 80 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&3 5%s.lOO — 3ac EG&R5s. — 93
Do 5s 90% — SF & SJV59.U7* 119
Hon R T «s.105% — Sierra R 6s.. — Hi
L A Elec 5s. — 104 S P of A 6»
L A Ry 6s. 113% — (1900) 10«% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910> 107 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C «s
Do gtd 6s. — 105 (1905)Sr A. 103 — ,
LAP lem Ss.lOU; — (10n5)Sr B.103% — *
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3% — (19O6> 105 —
Do lem 5s. 114% — (1912) 115% —
MV& MtTT>s.l01% — SPC 1 eg 5a.llO —
NRR of C6s.lOi%lC5 Do «tmpd..lCS% —
Do Ss 117 118 S P B R Bs.132 133t4
N P C R 5s. — 105% 3 V Wat 6s.lO5->ilO5!t
N C Ry 5s. — 112 f Do 4s 2dm. 90 —
N C P C 5a. — 100 | Doil 3dm. 99$; —
N 8 R R 6s. — 101 j Do g mtg4s 97% —
O G L&H 5s.lO7 ins iStkn G*E6a. — 92H
O W gtd 5s. — 10O |U G A E 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 ! Port Costa. . . — --
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. S7 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I. * P. C4 3941 S F G * E. 60 60^4.
Mutual B L. 12% 13 IStkn G & E. — • ..
Pac Ji Co... 57% — I V O & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2O 130 II, P 4 A.... — 155
Anglo-Cal . . S.1 . — Mer Trust.... 206 —
Bank of Cal.42t — I Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — -J 150 • | S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I
RAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2050 ISav A I* So. — 100 *
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk.3RO —
Mutual Sav.lOO 105 I Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav IT.6T.O 6.V) l
STREET RAILROAD3.
California .-. — 2C0 ! Presidio — — ,
Geary — — I •
POWDER.
Giant 60U — I Vlgorlt — » '..
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c | Kilauea S C. — 4 .
Hawaiian C. 52V4 53 I Makaweli C. 23Vi — '
Honokaa S C 12 12%tOnomea S C. — 27Vfc
Hutch SPC 8 8%|Paauhau S C. 13 14 .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.ir! 133 I Oceanic S Co. — 4%.
Cal F C A. W 10O I Pac Aux FA. 4% 5\
Cal Wine A. — 00 [Pac C Borx. — 15T •
MV& MtTm.100 — l . .T
Morning Session.
Boards
5 Alaska Packers* Association $135 50
20 S F Gas & Electric «rt 0O
$1,000 S F & S J V 5a 117 50
Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Association.... 133 BO
Afternoon Session.
. Eoard —
20 Alaska Packers' Association.... 134 00
10O Hawaiian Com & Sugar 52 50
14 Presidio R R 41 00
210 S F Gas & Electric SO 00
145 Spring Valley Water Co 37 5O
$l,0CO Northern Ry of Cal 5s 117 50
Street— •
$13,000 S P- Branch Ry 6s 133 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask., Bli Ask.
Bay CPC 6«. — 99 . SF & NP 5». — 109T4 1
B L Wat 6s. — 117 IS P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 113 I S P Co 4%s.lOO —
M C Wat 59.100 — Sun Tel 5s... — 104
Rls I Wks 5s — 105 lSutter-st RSs.105 113
8 F Drdk 5s — 113%! UR of SF 4». 9OT, —
J1ISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25% — I Mat Nav Co. — 90^
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Ek.195 —
Cal Cot Mils — 87 | N S R R Co. 9U —
Cal G&ECor. 49% 50ft |N Cal P Co. — 10*4
C Jockey Cl. — 125 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal Powder.. 125 145 Oak T Con. . 75 —
Cal Ship Co. - 25 IOOF Hall A 0 — ¦
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co. — 13>%
Cen Bk Oak — 65 iPacC Can Co. ISO —
Chutes Co 7. — 7 I Pac S Tel-.-lOO 103
City & C Bk — 12O | Pac Sur Co. 10B —
Cyp L Imp.. 6% I Paraf Paint.. 3« — .
East Dynm.. — 27* f F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat Co. — IM
FN Bk Oak.120 — SO A MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 50c — Swiss- A Bk.115 — •¦
Frnch-A Bk.107%110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gaa Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 48 —
Hono P Co.. 12 — | Do com ... , 9\» — ¦
LcnA SF Bk — 60 »
Morning Session.
Street—
$5,000 U R R of S F 4s 81 W
Afternoon Session.
Board^ —
10 Cal Gas A Elec Corp.. 50 00
Street —
$5,000 U R R of S F 4s 81 CO
Calif orn in Stock andO il Excha ng&
Oil Stock— , Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 4(1
Associated Trust Cert IS 2rt
Caribou 3 73 4 25
Chicago Crude 2O
Claremont »0 ••••
Four ....... .•.«•••••••••••« 61 ....
Hanford 163 CO , 180 00
Imperial • 17 75
Independence 25 ....
Kern (old) 4 65 ..-.
Monarch (of Arlxona) • .... 3X
Monte Crlsto 66 ......
Occidental of W. Va 05 ....
Oil City Petroleum 59 6O
Peerless - —i- J * XA
Sterling 2 30 3 00
Thirty-three ,2 XX
Twenty-eight •-• 1» °f>
West Shore »5 2 40
Kern (new) • 23 ....
Monarch (Pool) •»
Associated Bonds • .... • 8O W»
Miscellaneous — »
Chutes Company « .•-• T xrvi
Fischer's Theater «0 .« 5
Northern Cal. Power .... 10 25
Sanitary Reduction Works... .... 1 40
SALES.
Morning Session. -¦ -- W^"
1000 Oil City Petroleum ...- 59
Afternoon Session.
100 Home : 1 42%
50 Central Light A Power. 3 73
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO &TOCK BXCHANOSL
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes .: «! 100 Overman 13
200 Caledonia .... 50 !00 Potosl 13
200 Con Ca4 A V.I 05 200 Savajra 13
10C0 Con Imperial. 01 W0 Scorpion 10
60O Justice 14 BOO Sierra Nev ... 23
400 Mexican ...... »0 200 Silver Hill ... 43
200 Ophlr 2 30
Afternoon Session.
',0O Aloha CAI 500 Mexican ...... §1
ioo Andes ::::::: i» 2ooophir ........213
200 Andes ....... 171 200 Overman 15
100 Belcher 1*5 1 100 Favag* U
ICO. Best A Belch. 631 300 Scorpion «
100 Chollar 151 IOO Sierra Ne* .. 23
100 ©raCal A V.t C.V 200 Sierra Nev ... 24
100 Con Cal A V.I CO SCO Union Con.... 20
30O SownPoint. 12 SOO YeUow Jacket. 18
10CO Julia 0*> , • .-.
CHICAGO, July 18. — Cash quotations were as
follows : Flour, quiet but firm; No. 2 spring
wheat 9Sc(g?l 01; ..No. 3, SS@91c; No. 2 corn.
4ftc; No. 2 yellow, 50%@50%c; No. 2 oats,
42Vic; No. 3 white. 40<g40%c;, good feeding
barley, 3f»@3Sc; fair to choice, malting, 42@50c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1,15; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 21: prime timothy Beed. $2 05: mess pork,
per bbl. $12 S5@12 90; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 SO
CO S2H- short ribs sides, (loose), $7 25@7 40;
short clear sides (boxed V $7 25@7 50; whisky,
basis of high witfes, $1 28; clover, contract
grade, $10 75®11. -
i Articles — - • " .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels.... .27.800 11.200
Wheat, bushels..- ..' 10.000 32.500
Corn, bushels..... ...879,700 264.000
Oats, bushels. ...:143,500 102.700
Rye, ¦ bushels. ; 3.000
Barley, bushels.... 26,800 6,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05 '
Alice 20 Ontario ......300'
Greece 10 Cphir 2 30
Bruns Con C9[Potosl 13!
Com Tunnel OSi Savage 12'
Con Cal & Va... 1 00| Sierra Nevada 22
Horn Silver 1 451 Small Hopes 15
Iron Silver 1501 Standard 2 CO
Leadvllle Con ... 02|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 12%
Call loans 2 @3% Do pfd 62
Time loans ...3%64Vi Westing Common. SO
Bonds — Mining —
Atchleon 4s ......101% Adventure- 1
Do adj 4s 93%|Allouez 8%.
Ilex Central 4s... 62 I Amal , Copper .... 5<3U
Railroads— JAmer Zinc 10
Atchison 78^ Atlantic 0 .
Do pfd P« iBlngham : 25U
Boston & Albany. 247 Calumet & Hecla,4<V> •
Boston & Maine.. -MSS ] Centennial ., 24%
Boston Elev 151 (Copper Range ... 52%
Fitchburg pfd 137%! Daly -West •• 15 ¦
Mex Central 9V* Dom Coal 44%
N Y. N H & H..175 iFranklin < 7% j
Pere 1 Marquette. . . 78 IGrancy ..., 2T4 •
Union Pacific 95%|lsle Royale 10% '.
• Miscellaneous — i Mass Mining .... 4%
Amer Arge Chem. UK Michigan 4% |
Do pfd 75*ilMohawk 43%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer' Sugar 129% Old Dominion ... 13%
• Do pfd ....129% Osceola .-....•62%
Amer Tel &-Tel.lS0% Parrot 25 .
Amer Woolen ... 11% Quincy £8
Do pfd 77 Shannon 5%
Dom Iron & S... 8% Tamarack DO
Ed Elect nium..24R Trinity 7V1
Gen Electric 163% U S Mining 21%
Mass Eloctrlc 19% U S Oil 11>4
Do pfd 74 Utah
Mass Gas 40 Victoria 3
United Fruit 106 Winona 8
Un Shoe Mach... 19% Wolverine 75
Do pfd 28%
hondon Closing Stocks.
Cons money... P8 15-16[ NY Central 122%
- Do -acct SO 1-16 Nor & Western... 64
Anaconda 3% . Do pfd 89
Atchison 78V» Ont & Western... S1H
- Do pfd 97% I Pennsylvania .... 01%
Bait & Ohio 87%IRand Mines ..... 10%
Can Pacific 129 | Reading 26T*
Chcs & Ohio 30 ) Do. 1st pfd 42%
Chi>- Great West.. 34% Do 2d pfd 37Vi
Chi. Mil & St P.152>4 So Railway ..... 25H
Do Beers .... 18% Do pfd 91H
Den A.Rlo G 23% Union Pacific J>8%
Do pfd 74% Do pfd 06i,i
Erie 27U|So Pacific 5*i*
Do 1st pfd 64% U S Steel 13
Do 2d pfd 40%! Do pfd 64%
III Central 139 IWabash 17%
Louis & Na*h 119%| Do pfd 37%
M. K & Texas... 19%|£panlsh 4 B 86%
Bar silver — Steady, 26%d per ounce.
Money — 2t;@2% per cent. ¦ ¦
'The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2 9-16#2% . per cent and for
three months' bllla 2%@2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July. 18.— To-day's treasury
statement shows; Available each balance, $152,
706,259; gold. *51.418,244."
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July ¦ 18. — Cotton • futures
opened easy; July, 10.60c; August, 10.55c;
September, 0.'73c; October, 9.51c; November,
9.40c; December,- 9.45c; January, 9.49c;
March, 9.54c. Futures clOFed quiet and steady;
July. 10.62c; August, 10.60c; September, 9.8ic;
October. 9.58c; November, 9.50c; December,
9.53c; January, 9.69c; February, 9.66c; March,
9.5Sc. Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands,
lie; middling gulf. ''.11. 25c; sales, 1377 bales.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 18.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18.000 barrels; exports, 44,500 barrels. Firmly
held, but dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,000; exports, 31,000. !
Spot firm; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and
$1 0S% new crop f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, $1 10% f. o. b. afloat. Options were
generally strong and active all day. A few ¦
brief reactions followed occasional Rales for
profit*, but In the main the market wan firm
all day, closing %c to l%c net higher. May,
92i46'J2%c. closed 92Hc; July. $1 02ii©l 02%,
closed SI 02%; - September. 92@O2%c, closed I
92%c; December, 91®Vl%c, closed 91%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady. *
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; mild, quiet. The
market for coffee futures closed steady to 5
points lower. Total sales. 16.450, ' including
August, 5.95c; September, 6.05c; December,
6.30c; May, 6.60@«.65c; March, 6.80c; July,
5.85c.
SUGAR — Raw, very steady; refined, steady. !
BUTTER— Firm; street prices, extra cream
ery, 17%@17%c; official prices, creamery, com- '¦
roon to extra, 13£fl7%c; State dairy, common
to extra, J2i917c; Western factory, common to
choice, lligl^%c.
CHEESE — Irregular; State, full cream, email
white, poor to fancy, 6U@7%c.
EGGS — Firm; Western extra selected, 20%c;
Western average prime. 19@'19%e.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Are' In light de
mand, but old crop etocks are cleaning up
well and attractive fruit Is firmly held. Com
mon are quoted» at 4@5%c; prime, 5%@6c;
choice. 6i4®«3%c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Remain quiet; buyers show no
disposition to anticipate needs and are tak
ing supplies sufficient for their most imme
diate requirements only, in cpite Of the com
paratively low range of prices. Quotations
range from 2%c to 6Hc.
APRICOTS AND PEACHES— Are attracting
a very small business for future delivery and
rule steady to firm on a small trade In spot.
Apricots, 9%ei0c for choice; 10@10%c for
extra choice and ll@13c for fancy. Choice
peaches. are .quoted at 7@7%c; extra choice,
7%@Sc; fancy. 0%@10o.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 18. — Tin was quiet and
unchanged during the day's session in both
the foreign and domestic markets. London
closed at £119 12s 6d for spot and £120 for
futures. Her© opot'waa quoted at $25®26 50
Copper .ruled firm In the London market, with
cables ehowlng a slight advance, spot closing
at £57 lla 3d and futures at £57 10s. Lo
cally copper was firm. Lake was quoted at
S12 15®13; electrolytic, fl2 62%@12 75; casting
$12 37%@12 5O.
. Lead was unchanged at £11 11s 3d la the
London market and at $4 25@4> 35 In the local
market.
Spelter waa also unchanged in both markets.
London quoted spot at £22 2s 6d and the local
quotation was $4 85@4 95.
Iron closed at 61s 9d in Glasgow and at 42s
9d in Middlesboro. Locally iron is unchanged:
No. 1 foundry Northern, $14 bO®lf>y No. 2
foundry Northern, $13 75<g>14 25; No. 1 foun
day Southern «oft, [ $13 25013 75. Pig Iron
warrants were nominal at $9.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12%c for white and
10<glle for amber; water white extracted. 69
6c; light amber extracted, 4%tf5c; dark,
S%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29e per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates, 60@90c;
In bulk. $30640 per ton.
APPLES — $1 23®1 CO per box for fancy. S5o
©SI 25 for choice and «0<S75c for common.
PEARS — Bartlett, 7Jc<&$l for wrapped; in
open boxes. 75SS5C for No. 1 and 23Q50c per
box for No. 2: small green varieties, 40@50c
per box or basket. ¦¦¦,'-
PEACHES— MQCOc per box: baskets, 50c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50£C3c per crate
and 25@40c per box; baskets. 25@50c. •
FIGS — $1 25<g2 per box. \
MELOSiMl 25«2 per crate for Coachella
and $1 25 -for Fresno: large crates from the!
river, $3@3 50: Nutmeg Melons. $I@1 25 per
box. or crate: Watermelons. $1 5u®-3 per down. :
GRAPES— $1 50 per box, 1 or crate, for Seed
less and $1@1 25 for Fontalnebleau.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 6O£2 50 per
box for Valendas and $1 5O@2 for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons. (2 2.1 32 75 for fancy.
$1 50© 1 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50£2 50; Mexican Limes, i
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. SI 25®2 60 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 50©2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fntits,Nuts,RaisinSjHoney.
Fruits continue firmly b*ld, with supplies
meager. Quotations have been made on fu
ture Fresno figs as follows: 2-crown bricks.
52%c; 3-crown, 65c; 4-crown. 65c; 6-crown,
75=: bulk white, 3&@3%c; black. 4c.
FRIUTS — New. crop — Apricots, 7M*MJ£c;
Peaches, 5%®-7%e per lb. Old crop—Evapo
rated Apples, 6%ig7%c.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2©2%c for the- four
sizes
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 190-3
crop (sublect to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — 7<oose Muscatels. 4-erown.
4c per lb; 3- crown. 4\c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
lbose. 3-crown. 4c: 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5%c: choice. 3V*c:
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; la
bulk, fancy. 5%e; choice, 5c: Imperial dus
ters. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2: London
Layers 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. |1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%®14c:
No. 2. U%®12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13.gi3%c:
No. 2. ll@ll%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, liy-c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and »i-;c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6&7e for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50S5.
Wall-street Stocks firm on the day. Cotton weak.
Local Stocks generally weaker and dull.
Silver higher. European Exchange lower. Domestic-unchanged.
Wheat and Barley higher and in demand.
Oats and Ccrn quiet. Rye advanced.
.Hay depressed under excessive receipts. Feedstuffs unchanged, ,
Lima Beans still very firmly held by growers.
Potatoes in larger supply and lower. Onions firmer.
Two cars of Western Poultry sell off well. ;
Fresh* Fruits in Z'cry large supply and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs dull and unchanged.
Prices named for new crop Dried Figs.
Provisions dull here and in the West.
Mutton rather lower again. Other Meats unchanged.
Linseed Oil marked up 3c per gallon.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Club; $1 32%@1 37%; Northern Bluestem,
$1 G2%@1 65 rer ctl.
c ¦ FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. - High. ' ¦ /Low. . Close.
December . . .$1 33 . $13+ $1 33 ' $1 34
2 p. m. Session.
. . Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 34 $1 34 $1 33% $1 33%
BARLEY — The week opened with strong and
active markets, and futures 2c and cash grain
lUo higher. There was a sale of 1200 sks
new brewing. Port Costa, at $1 10, which Is a
marked advance, over the quotations lately
ruling. Trading' in futures was lively on the
strength in wheat and the general disposition
to buv, owing to the realization that the crop
will bo smaller than the earlter estimates, with
a large proportion of it second grade.
CASH BARLEY. N
Feed, $1@1 02%; new Brewing and Shipping, ]
$1 06@l 12%; Chevalier, nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 00% $1 01% $1 00 $1 01%
2 p. in. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 01% $1 01 % $1 01H $1 01%
OATS — Continue quiet and featureless. New
Reds are quoted firm at $1 15@I 30 per ctl.
CORN — The market continues dull and tame
at previous prices. Brokers' wires from Chi
cago yesterday said: "With perfect weather
for the crop and improving reports concerning
It. yet there is no selling pressure on the mar
ket. The cash' situation is about on an even
keel. The feeling is bearish on the crop situ
ation, but they have sold it so many times
without success that their efforts In th:it direc
tion are no longer active. The holdings of
Gates' party seem sufficient to take the pres
sure off the market." Western, sacked, $1 45®
1 47% for Yellow. $1 45@1 47% for White and
?1 45 for Mixed; California Large Yellow,
$1 45@1 M); small round do, 91 50@l 60;
White, 51 45@1 50 rer ctl; Egyptian, $1 S0@
1 o5 for White and $1 25® 1 'M for Brown.
RYE— Firm but quiet at ?1 20®l 30 for new
and $1 30ft 1 32% for old. There was a sale
yesterday of choice plump new at $1 30, aa
advance.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75-32 per ctl.
ing. Owing to the strike, there was no dispo
sition manifested on the piart of 'traders or
scalpers to trade in provisions, and .m conse
'querice the market was dull the greater part
of the session. At the close, September pork
was up 2 J >5j5e. lard and ribs'each 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged. as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July, old 93 88% 07% 98
July, new »Ty 4 98 06% 97%
September, old. 89% 00 *«Hi »0&
September, new 88 % SOU 83 & SO
July!?;.?"'..*.. 40% / 40% 40>4 40\i
September..... 49% 40% 48% ' 49%
December 45^ 45% 45 45%
Oat?, -No. 2— •
July 40 '40 39% 40
September 33 33 32% 32%
December 33% 83% 33% . 33^
May 34% 31% 34% .34%
Hess Pork, per bbl — •
July 7.12 90 12 02% 12 85 12 85
September 13 00 13 02% 12 92% 32 02%
October .' 12 97% 13 00 -12 02% 12 92%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 82%
September .6 95 6.97% 6 92% 6 95
October 700 700 700 700
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • ¦•' •
July 7 40 7 40 7 40 7 4J>
September 7 65 • 7 65 7 60 7 60
October 7 70 7 70 7 65 7 65
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALLV TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1904.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Continued on Pase Fourteen,
All Classes of Stocks Quiet and
Generally. Weak. .
The week opened with all markets quiet
¦ and * without feature. . There was a further
decline in: Alaska Packers to $13*. The Tono
: pah stocks were much quieter and the Coin
stocks were generally lower than on Saturday.
The Best & Belcher and Union Con. min
ing companies have each levied an assessment
Of 10c
1 Jhe Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a regular monthly dividend of %l per share
on July 29.
NEW TORK. July J8._Very Urge selling
to take grouts occurred to-day, but the stock
market showed rood 6irectire power and re
covered from th« pressure end started on a
new upturn course. Thi« result undoubtedly
had an important. reassuring effect upon specu
lative sentiment, which was somewhat appre
hensive of a reaction, even in quarters where
great confidence in the etrength O f the mar
ket exists. The extent and the duration of
the advance are eurh that professional at
tention was awakened for a pause In the rise
to-day. The etrong clewing iaj>t week after
tint rreat activity and considerable advance In
prices which had been «een was counted on
with confidence t/> bring 1n a Urge accumula
tion of ordera over Sunday, which would llkelv
b» expected In the opening dealings with the
result at causing a strong opening. But it
was much feared that, with a large profes
sional Belling to take advantage of thl« out
e'.de demand disposed of. the market would be
left In an nnprotected position and open to
attack by the professional traders tn recover
their roldinrs at a lower level o f prices
The roost ob\-Jous proflt-takine was conducted
In the Pacifies, Ft. Paul and United States
ettel preferred. But It was accomplished with
out serious irroads upon prices of any of
the**, stocks except United States Steel pre
ferred, and part of them enjoyed a conxld-
New York Stock Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr 6ks...lS,2!>8 Hay. tons 1.561
Wheat, ctls 1,497 Straw, tons ' 14
Barley, ctla ....11.160 Hide* No 235
Oats. ctU 2,214 Pelts. No 155
Bye. ctls 023 Tallow, ctls 2-12
Wool, bales 32 Leather, rolls ... - 121
Shorts, sks 123 Lime, bbls 36H
Feed sks 75 Paper reams ... 1.635
Hops, bales 8 Wine, sals .44,050
Potatoes, sks ... 3,68? Chicory, bbls .... 45
Onions, sks 15-t Brandy, gals .... 6.700
Bran. sk9 E 630
FOR MONDAY, JULY 19.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
120 Horses for Sale
By order of MR. R. C. DIXON of Colusa. CaL.
I will dell at PUBLIC AUCTION
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY BROKBM
AND UNBROKEN. HORSES, weighing from
lOOO to 14C0 Dounds.
This consignment consists of. a v>*ry select
lot of young geldings and mares suitable for
all class of work.
Sale takes place "-'«.:•¦
THURSDAY. JULY 21. it 11 a, m.. at
J. B. HORAN'S SALE yAu>. Cot. IOUi aad
BRYANT STS.
Home* can be seen at yard any day
previous to sale.
3. WATKTN3. Auctioneer. -
£* £a fer
JUST ARRIVED and must be sold— A car 0*
good, gentle horses with a lot of wagons, sur-*
rles. buggies, carts and harness. TUESDAY.
July 19. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM st. WM.
CLOUGH, Auctioneer. '
#y_ Auction sale — Arcade Hone Market.
*-••> 327 Sixth st. Wednesday. July 20. at it
a. m., I will sell a lot of horses belonging to a
street contractor who is retiring from business;
also harness for same. A number of other
; horses, both work and driving. Bugriea.
1 wagor.i and light harness. JOHN J. DOYLB.
I Auctioneer.Or. M. X. Schord, Dentist — Now located
in Grant building, 1003 Market »C cor. 7th. ' •
Hot ei Del Monte is one of the show places
of the world. First-class tickets between Ban
Francisco and Los Angeles, either way. with
two. days' entertainment at this great hotel,
only $22 00: children's rate $14 CO. Privilege
of thirty days' stopover. Ask Southern Pa
cific xenla. . •
A' Cliance to Visit Del Monte.
MRS. LIPPE INSANE.— Mr». A. P.- Llppe.
after an examination' by Dra. McGettlgan and
Rethers, experts on mental disease, was com
mitted yesterday by Superior Judge Frank Ker
rigan to the State Hospital for the Insane at
Agnews. ; •¦:¦-•,
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at- Babs &
Jules'. That's all. . ¦• •
Turner Schultes, lately of the
Wholesalers' and Retailers' Review of
this city, but formerly a well known
San Jose hotel - proprietor, was :buried
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery yesterday.
The funeral took place from the resi
dence of J. B. Garland, his brother
in-law. • Mr. Schultes died from in
juries received in a. runaway at 1 Napa
a few days ago. "He was a prominent
Eagle and a popular man in business
circles. 'A 'widow 'survives him.
Funeral of Turner Schultes.
Since the first sale of the valuable
property of the estate of Jose Guardi
ola. the disposal of the ranch in Placer
County has been a bone of contention
In the courts. At first the land was
§old for $6000. but a showing was made
that It had been assessed for $15,000
dnd Judge Troutt would not approve
(he sale. Then a bid of $7000 was made
to open court and action on it was
deferred. Yesterday it appeared that
q. H. Wright was willing to pay $8000
tor the property and Judge Troutt or
dered that the eale to him be confirmed.
Ranch Sale Confirmed.
United States Circuit Judge W. W.
Morrow and Mrs. Morrow returned
yesterday morning from a seven
weeks' .trip through the East and Can
ada. With the party were Arthur
W. Foster, president of the California
Northwestern Railway, and his wife
and four children. Jesse W. Lilientha!
and wife constituted the third family.
Judge and Mrs. Morrow remained ten
daysat the St. JLouis Exposition. Then
they visited Washington, where they
were entertained by President Roose
velt and wife and Admiral Dewey and
wife. Baltimore, the battlefield of
Gettysburg, the Naval . Academy at
Annapolis,- West Point and New York
were next visited. The return was
made over the Canadian Pacific Rail
way,-with stops at 'Montreal and other
places, —
Judge Morrow Returns.
A charge of fraudulent testimony
was made yesterday in , the Superior
Court against H. Dlgby Johnson,
LL.D., and Louisa H. Kimball by
August Belfrage, against whom a
judgment was rendered in the. Justices'
court. Belfrage alleges he was sued by
Louisa Kimball and that Johnson, her
attorney, said he had served Belfrage
with summons in the case. Belfrage
declares that the "statement" is false;
that he was never served with sum
mons. He asks that the Judgment be
annulled.
Charges Lawyer With Fraud.
LONDON, July 18.— Professor Isaac
Roberts, the distinguished astronomer,
died to-day at the Beacon Observatory,
Crowborough, Sussex County.
» His original Investigations in the' do
main of astronomy have added
to the world's knowledge of the stars,
clusters, nebulae and the structure of
the universe. He also made a study, of
geology and up to 1880 pursued his sci
entific investigations at Liverpool.
On leaving that city, he was present
ed with an illuminated address signed
by the Mayor and leading citizens of
Liverpool. The honorary degree of doc
tor of science was conferred upon him
by, the University of Dublin in 1892.
In 1895 he was awarded the gold
medal of the Royal Astronomical Soci
ety, on the council of which he served
for several years. Since 1890 he has
been conducting his studies at Star
fleld, Crowborough.
Death of a Noted Astronomer.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the Bakersfield and Fresno
Oil Company must pay taxes on land
obtained from the Government as a
mineral claim. The corporation leased
the property to several oil companies.
The argument against taxation was
based on the Dlea that the land was
still Government property, as it had
not been fully proved tip, or that the
lessees should be made to pay the
taxes in case there was assessable rea!
estate. The court holds that the cor
poration's rights in the land consti
tute "property" in the meaning of the
law.
Oil Company Must Pay Taxes.
Yesterday morning H. L. Carney.
telegraph operator, who was with
Gloster, Ftrnk and Harry Keppler on
Sunday morning, called upon Captain
Martin and made a statement. He
said that when they reached Kearny
and Post streets he left them to go
back toward Market street and when
he was about fifteen feet away he
turned around. and saw Gloster strike
Funk, who fell to the sidewalk. He
feared notoriety "and continued his
walk toward Market street. He also
raid that Gloster and Funk had trou
ble in a restaurant, then in the Rich
elieu saloon, . about something that
had happened in a house on Ellis
street about two weeks ago.
. Carney's statement corroborates
that of Harry Keppler and those of
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark.
Wilford St. C. Gloster was booked
at. the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of murder in connection with
the death of J. A. Funk from a frac
tured skull.
Another Witness Conies Forward and
Makes Statement That He Saw
the Fatal Blow Struck.
as counsel in the litigation over the
estate of which the Russ House was
the principal holding. . He accumu
lated some property and it is said that
his estate probably is worth $20,000.
He leaves no Immediate relatives.
About the hour of noon yesterday
Julius C. McCeney, a pioneer of the ,
California bar, was stricken by. death '
in the^ rooms he had ' occupied for
twenty-three years at « 419, California
street." No friend was near him when
the summons came, ' but ; it was just
as well. .The attitude of his body,
when ; it -was found- shortly after 1
o'clock, , showed., that he . had passed
from ; life . as '» though beckoned into
sleep.
W. L. Bromley, a friend, called to
pay the lawyer a visit and
found that death | had preceded him.
He informed 'the authorities and the
Society of California ; Pioneers, v of
which the deceased was' a member. As
it was evident that death was due to
heart disease, the body was not re
moved to the Morgue, but, at the di
rection of "fo, L. Duncan, marshal of
the Pioneers, an' : undertaker took
charge* of, the," remains. " The funeral
will beheld to-morrow- morning at 11
o'clock from the'rooms of the..Pioneer
Society. . j
Julius C.McCenery was 74 years of
age.^ K He arrived in the .port of San
Francisco in July of 1849 on : the ship
Jane Parker, an afound-the-Horn pas
senger' vessel. He soon became J asso
ciated; with. the firm of Dall & Austin,
commission men, -whose i>lace of busi
ness was at Leidesdorff and Sacra
mento streets. In, 185 4 he left the firm
and. went to Harvard, where he took a
course in law. Returning to this city
in- 1858, he began. the practice' of- law
and when death, found him he was
seated, in j his - chair before i his books
and briefs. * ' •
. His most : Important work i here was
Aged Julius C. McCeney Summoned
While Seated at Ills Desk.
PIONEER LAWYER DIES.
GLOSTEIt IS BOOKED OX
A CHARGE OF MURDER
Tour wedding invitations should be made by
Edward Knowles Company, 24 Second st. *
Maximo Giovannorii, a traveling
salesman for G. Fontana & Co., sur
rendered himself at the City Prison
yesterday and was booked on a charge
of threats against life. The complain
ing witness is Carlo Selori, a carpen
ter at 319 Broadway, who alleges that
on July' 4 Giovannoni threatened to
blow his head off. Giovannoni was
released on $1000 bonds. Attorney
Spinneti says that Giovannoni was a
witness for Selori's wife in her divorce
suit against her husband and that Se
lori has since been calling him a per
jurer and making threats.
Accused of Making Threats.
Another lot of awards of contracts
to supply the Indians was given -out
by Indian Commissioner Jones yester
day. The awards were all in. the tin
ware and stamped ware schedules. The
awards in the large class of hardware
will be made some day this week and
also, probably, In the glass, oils' an<i
paints schedule. Great interest is man
ifested in the awards. Representatives
of large commercial houses go -daily
to the warehouse of the Indian sup
plies on Washington street to acquaint
themselves with the details. The con
tracts awarded yesterday went to the
parties and at the prices mentioned in
the following:
Wash boilers, Joseph Slosa, 89c; water buck
ets, galvanized iron, Joseph Slos», 25c; kero-
Bene cans. A'. A. Watkins. $1 50: milk cans,
Andrew Carrlgan. $1 47; coffee boilers at 15c
23c, Stic, coffee . mills at 20c and i Me, all to
John F. Merrill: coffee mills. Joseph SIoss $17;
tin cups. 48c and »5c,- Andrew Carrigan; water
dippers, Joseph SIoss,- 08c;- funnels, A. A.
Watkins, 50c; full-size funnels at $1 10, wrought
steel 'kettles at |1, $1 50, J1.75- to John F.
Merrill; water pajlsat 29c, 3lc and pans at
13c, 18c 'and 22c . to Joeeph SIoss; dish pans,
Joseph Slogs, -2(Jc; dust pans, John F. f Merrill!
$1 S5; fry pans, Joseph Bloes, 1194c; . tin' pan's
at 38c, 51c, 75c. 98c and $1 13 to Andrew Car
rlgan: tin plates, 32e. John F. Merrill; tin
plates, Andrew Carrlgan, ' 25c, and also scoops
at 18c; grocers' . scoops at 18c; tinners'
shears at (4 and $1 03 to John F. Merrill;
colder at 16 l-5c and soldering Irons at 19%c
to-JoseDh Slose; basting spoons at .60c, An
drew Carrlgan; table spoons at 18%c and 9c,
Joseph SIoss; milk strainers, John F. Merrill,
12c; vegetable strainers at lie and tin teapots
at 46c, Andrew Carrigan; sheet tin at- $5 60 and
$5 50 to John F. Merrill. 12x12 and 14x20
Inches; sheet tin, $6 75, $7 25, $13 50 and $9 25
to A. A. Watkins: sheet tin- 14x30 to John- F.
Merrill, $6 75; boiler sheet tin 14x64 -Inches,
H. B. Lyford, $29 50; stamped tin wash ba
«lns. Andrew Carrigan, 79c; galvanized Iron
watihtubs, 42c; galvanized iron wash tubs, Jo
seph SIoss, 46c; galvanized Iron washtubs.23%
inches in diameter, John F. Merrill, 54c; sheet
zinc, A. A. Watkins. 7%c. - i . '. ,
Dealers in Tinware Secure Chance to
Sell Goods to Government at
Small Margins.
CONTRACTS ARE AWARDED : .
FOR IXDIAX SUPP1JES
Thomas E. Curran of 3326 Twenty
fifth street brought suit yesterday in
the Justices' Court for $299 99 dam
ages against the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. Curran al
leges that he has paid all his bills and
owes the company nothing. He says
that on July 13 an agent of the com
pany came to his house and demand
ed payment of several gas bills, and
upon his refusal the agent demanded
immediate payment in loyd tones and
In the hearing of neighbors and then
had the gas meter removed. Curran
demands the damages to soothe his
ruffled feelincs.
Sues Gas Company.
The acts of cruelty alleged by Mary
Katharine Umland in a suit for di
vorce against her husband William are
more than the mistreated wife is com
monly called upon to relate. The first
paragraph of the document has to do
with the results of his dissolute life.
by which she was made a physical
sufferer. In addition thereto he is said
to have beaten her, pulled her hair and
abused her with vile epithets. She de
clares that he owns property on Sixth
avenue hear A street worth $2000 and
a grocery and saloon business at 311
Franklin. avenue worth $1200, and that
he has an ' income of more than $100
a month. She asks for $75 a month ali
mony ' for the support of herself and
two children. f ',
Judge Kerrigan, upon application of
Laura Spohn, signed an order for the
taking of the testimony of Julia Long.
Mrs. Spohn apparently contemplates
an action for divorce against her hus
band, Charles Spohn. She avers that
she is contemplating a suit against him
and that Julia Long is able to give evi
dence of Charles' . cruelty. Not only
has" Mrs. Spohn, according to her alle
gations, been cruelly struck and beat
en, but Spohn took all of their com
munity, money, amounting to\ $1000.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to Violet O'Nell against
James O'Neil for failure to provide: by
Judge Troutt to Mary. L. Delany from
Joseph Delany, habitual intemperance;
Eva Sohr from Arnold Sohr, desertion.
. Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by John H. Musgrove against Emma
Musgrove, intemperance; George P.
Hetzel against Freda Hetzel, intemper
ance; Eugene O'Hare against Kathleen
O'Hare,' intemperance; Helen J. Peters
against Prentice C. Peters, neglect
AYife Alleges Cruelty as Grounds for
Divorce — Other Divorces Granted
or Applied For.
MRS. UMLAND SUFFERS
FROM HUSBAND'S ACTS
Call Magazine j
A new scries of the famous Mr. Dooley
articles. Finley Peter Dunne, the
creator of Mr. Dooley, is under an ex
clusive contract with McClure's, and
The Call, in the face oj keenest bid
ding on the part of other large news
papers on the coast, has secured the
soh; right ' to publish these articles
north of Los Angeles.
There Will Begin in The Sunday
ON JULY 24
Mr. Yoell was a native of Ports
mouth, England, and was 76 years of
age. He was the father of Mrs. C. S.
Levy, Mrs. George Theobald, Alice,
John H., Gertrude E.. Herbert A.,
William A. and Beatrice E., Yoell,
Mrs. Emily F. Dunn and Mrs. Milus
Parkhurst.
Before his death he requested that
the following persons act as pall bear
ers at his funeral.: Edward McLaugh
lin and A. L. Rhodes of San Jose, S.
W. Holliday, W. W. Montague and D.
M. Delmas of San Francisco; also J.
La Violette of the sodality of St. Ig
natius in this city.
J. Alexander Yoell, who ' died at
Highland Springs July 15, was buried
yesterday. Services were held at the
residence of his daughter, Mrs.
Charles S. Levy, 2517 Octavia street,
and ;ilso at St. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem mass was celebrated. The
interment took place at Santa Clara.
sons 'Whom He Wanted for
Pall Bearers.
Deceased Left a List of Names of Per-
BURIAL OF ALEXANDER
YOELL AT SANTA CLARA
Sir William Armstrong Has Contract
to Establish Factory of Huje
Capacity at Ottawa.
OTTAWA, Ont., July 13.— Sir Fred
erick Borden.j Minister of Militia, has
under way a contract with the Eng
lish firm of which Sir "William Arm
strong is head, for the construction of
an ammunition factory In Ottawa,
capable of turning out twenty million
rounds of ammunition a year.
TO MAKE AMMUNITION ON
LARGE SCALE IX CAXADA
The first sale of Mre. Vanderbilt's
real estate in this city under' the au
thorization given to Thomas Magee&
Sons to sell Ml her properties in sub
divisions has just been made for $75;
000. The property sold Is on the
southeast corner of Davis and Wash
ington streets, fronting 91 feet 8
inches on Davis street by 137 feet 6
inches on Washington. The Improve
ments on this\property consist of one
story frame buildings, which have
been renting for a long time past to
five tenants for $470 a month. It is
the Intention of the purchaser soon
to erect a new building on this proper
ty, as there are now no leases on it.
The purchaser is one of the shrewdest
capitalists, whose name is withheld
for the present.
This property is in the produce and
commission section, where Senator
Fair bought so heavily years ago.
Many . of the Oelrichs properties
bought by the Spreckels-Phelan syn
dicate In this part of town, it is said,
will be improved and it is confidently
believed that the oft repeated and
long looked for movement in the sec
tion north of California and east of
Montgomery is about ! to take place.
Modern buildings, and these alone, are
needed to hold and increase business
in this level and convenient portion of
the city's wholesale section.
Her Agents Close Deal Affecting
Realty in Commission Section
for $75,000.
MRS. VAN.DERBIL/r SELLS
VALUABLE PROPERTY
Meanwhile H. S. Crocker had ac
cumulated immense wealth and it is
supposed that he leaves several mil
lions. Ho was the last of four broth
ers, the other members of the original
Crocker family being Charles, E. B.
and Clark Crocker, all of whom were
connected with railroad projects in
California. For nearly ten years H.
S. Crocker had not been in good
health and this fact resulted in his
son taking his father's place at the
head of the firm as its active man
ager. The Crocker family was among
the first to move into the new St.
Francis Hotel ' and during [ the resi
dence of its members there H. S.
Crocker had been confined almost
continuously to. his rooms. In his last
hours he wacs attended by his devoted
wife and his son,' j who had been pre
pared for the end for a week. The
funeral will take place to-morrow at
2 p. m. from" Masonic Temple under
the auspices of Golden Gate Com
mandery, Knights Templar, of which
Mr. Crocker had been a member for
years. Interment" will be private.
In the early days of California Henry
S. Crocker went to Sacramento, where
he founded what later developed into
the. largest stationery concern in this
State. Through the influence of his
brother, Charles Crocker, one of the
trio of millionaires who built the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad, the printing firm
in Sacramento obtained a contract for
the stationery and printing supplies for
the great transportation corporation
and enjoyed the latter's patronage un
til late in the SOs, when the railroad
company concluded to do its own work.
By that time the stationery firm had
practically gained a monopoly of the
printing business on the coast and con
tinued to maintain its lead for many
years until ¦ Eastern competitors en
tered the field.
Henry S. Crocker, a pioneer of Cali
fornia, who, for nearly half a century,
was ' prominently identified. with the
stationery business in this city and
Sacramento, died yesterday in his
apartments at the St. Francis Hotel.
He had been ill for a number of years
with organic troubles, and during the
last few weeks he had been at death's
door several' times. Deceased was a
native of Troy, N. Y., 72 years of age,
and is survived by a widow and a son,
Charles H. Crocker, who has been as
sociated with his father In the man
agement of the firm of the H. S.
Crocker Company for more than ten
years.
Well-Known Merchant
Passes Quietly
to Rest.
PIONEER MERCHANT WHO DIED
IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS.
Ever since the murder of Policeman
Eugene C. Robinson at Sixteenth, and
Valencia streets on the morning of
January 21. 1302, the pollc* have been
keeping up a dogged and determined
search fcrr Allen Goucher alias "Kid"
Goucher, one of the crooks implicated
in the crime. H* disappeared immedi
ately after the murder and all efforts
to get a clew to his whereabouts failed
till a few weeks ago. when Chief Witt
man received information that a young
man answering Goucher's description
was an inmate of the. Stat» peniten
tiary at Stillwater, Minn.
The Chief at once wrote to "Warden
Henry Wolfer inclosing a photograph
of Goucher. Yesterday the Chief re
ceived a reply from the Warden in
closing a photograph of Roy Williams,
one of the convicts, who was serving
a term for grand larceny committed in
Jackson County. Minn., on December
13, 1902. His sentence expires on March
19. 1905. The Chief is satisfied that Roy
Williams is "Kid" Goucher and on tb.3
expiration, of the sentence- Goucher
will be brought here to stand his trial
on the charge of murder.
There were six crook3 implicated In
the murder of Robinson. Frank Woods,
alias "St. Louis Frank," was arrested
in Portland, Ore., was tried and con
victed of murder in the first degree and
sentenced to be hanged. The case is
pending on appeal in the Suprema
Court. William Kauffman, alias "St.
Louis Fat." was arrested In Port Ar
thur, Canada, was tried and convicted
of murder In the second degree and
sentenced to serve twenty-five years in
San Quentin. John Courtney, alias
"Leadville Jlmmle," was arrested in
Tracy, Cal., pleaded guilty to a charga
of manslaughter and was sentenced to
serve six years in San Quentin- Wil
liam B. Kennedy, alias "Tellow," -was
arrested in Grants Pass, Ore., was tried
and coA'icted of murder In the second
degree, was granted a new trial by the
Supreme Court, was released from cus
tody by Judge Cook and is now waiting
trial before Judge Lawlor on a new
indictment. William H- Henderson
turned State's evidence, was allowed
to- plead guilty to manslaughter, but
has not yet been sentenced owing to
the Supreme Court's not having ren
dered a decision on the "Woods ap
peal. Henderson vras arrested at the
time by Policeman Taylor.
The complaint alleges, in the first
place, that the defendant corporation
was engaged in the banking and ex
press business and was the owner of
real estate and franchises on the first
Monday in March,' 1903, when the as
sessment was levied. A demand was
made u^on the corporation for a writ
ten statement of its property by the
city and county Assessor. In response
to the demand Dudley Evans, presi
dent of the company, made the fol
lowing return: Money, $550,169; sol
vent credits, $4,450,772; solvent debts.
$4,470,020; 85 harnesses and saddles,
$1190; 128 horses, $6400; 6 trucks.
$900; 70 wagons, $5720; 20 pairs
scales, $200; IS safes. $840; office fix
tures, 5 15. OS 1; two typewriters, $80.
To the above Hat was attached the af
fidavit of Mr. Evans that it was "true
and correct. list."
It was set forth In the complaint
that Mr. Evans did not value the real
property or the company's franchise.
When the Assessor got around to it
he decided that the real estate was
worth $81,500 and the improvements
thereupon $280,600. and he also as
sessed the company's franchise at
$450,000.
The complaint of the Attorney Gen
eral recites every detail of the action
of the Assessor and the State Board of
Equalization, which boosted property
values 30 per cent and fixed the State
assessment at $0,561, making, -when
the city and county tax was tacked on,
a total rate of $1,076 on the hundred
dollars. The whole story of the as
sessment is told up to the point of at
tempting to sell the Wells-Fargo real
estate. When the injunction wa3 ob
tained by the- banking and express
company the real estate was saved
and the taxes against the company for
Its franchises were still in the air.
The complaint Is a model one in itsj
recitation of the causes leading up to
the necessity of. litigation and in set
ting forth, in detail, every official ac
tion of the city and county and State
officers since the issue was first raised.
The State of California has decided
to find out on its own account whether
or not the Tax Collector of the city
and county of San Francisco has the
right to sell at delinquent tax sale the
real property of corporations holding
franchises beyond the city. "Within
the last few months the Tax Collector
of this county, advertised for sale the
realty of several franchise-holding
corporations, including Wells, Fargo
& Co. and the Central and Southern
Pacific companies. All of the corpo
rations, at the proper moment, se
cured injunctions from the Superior
Court preventing the advertised sale.
There was no provision in the law for
setting the sale for a further date and
it was supposed that the Incident
would close for this year.
Yesterday, however. Attorney Gen
eral U. S. Webb, on behalf of the peo
ple of the State of California, filed an
action in the Superior Court against
Wells, Fargo & Co. for the collection
of $30,600 53 due for unpaid taxes,
penalties and costs of litigation.
A Parker and Davis ratification
meeting will be held in the Alhambra
Theater on the evening of Thursday,
July 28. Judge Dooling of Hollister is
slated to pronounce the eulogy on
Judge Parker of Hsopus. There will be
other orators, but Dooling is to be the
star speaker. Tim Spellacy.^chainnan
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, will occupy a conspicuous place
on the platform and shed the light of
his angelic countenance on" the audi
ence. It is said to-be a sure go that
Thomas J. Geary of the Jeffersonian
Democracy will address th? meeting
and perhaps J. V. Coleman, who has
rendered the party illustrious service as
an orator and angel, will consent to
speak. The silvery voice of Franklin
K. Lane will not enrapture tjje local
war horses of the party on that occa
sion, as he is listed to speak to the
Oregonians at a Parker and Davis
gathering in Portland.
The special Pullman train chartered
by the Union League Club of San
Francisco for an excursion to Los An
geles, will leave the Third and Town
send streets depot of the Southern Pa
cific next Thursday at 7:30 p. m. The
members of the Union League of the
southern city will dedicate their new
home by a round of' festivities begin
ning next Friday evening and termi
nating on Saturday night-
It seems to be definitely settled that
the Republicans will renominate J. N.
Gillette for Congress in the First Dis
trict. J. C. Needham in the Sixth and
James A. McLachlan in the Seventh.
It is also clearly foreshadowed that
Joseph R. Knowland will be nominated
in the Third and Duncan E. McKinlay
in the Second District. In the Eighth
there is a sharp contest in the Repub
lican camp between M. L. Ward of San
Diego and S. C. Smith of Kern. v
The political atmpsphere In the
Fourth and Fifth districts is hazy.
There is a rumor in political circles
that the Republican nomination in the
Fourth District has been promised by
somebody or by some' so-called "organ
ization" to G. B. Benham. Reference to
the State blue book shows that Ben
ham ran for Congress in this district in
1900 as the nominee of the Social Dem
ocrats' and received 969 votes, against
17,111 for Julius Kahn, 11,742 for R. Por
ter Ashe and 1116 for Dr. C. C. O'Don
nell.
The report goes that R. H. Country
man of San Francisco has a good
chance of winning the favor of the Re
publican convention of the Fifth, but
party sentiment seems to favor the se
lection of a candidate- from the Repub
lican hosts of Santa Clara County.
There are many indications that the
Congressional and Senatorial district
conventions will not take orders from
small bosses who have elected to speak
of themselves as the "organization."
The trustees are; John Partridge,
J. S. Hutchinson, A. L. Lissak, E. P.
Heaid, H. S. Holmes, Martin Stevens,
H. W. Thorp, Captain J. M. McDonald,
G. M. Mitchell, G. D. Shadburne. Dr.
C. B. Currier, J. H. Duncan, Henry
Peters, G. A. Smith, A. R. Fredericks.
The finances of the society are in
excellent condition. The sum of
$6648 07 was expended during: the
year and a cash balance of $15,336 30,
some Spring Valley Company and gas
company stock remain in the treas
ury. The number of animals involved
in the year's work was 6379, of which
3594 were afforded relief.
As a general thing, death is the only
occasion for the election of new mem
bers to the board of trustees. The an
nual nominations and elections are cut
and dried affairs, the result of which
can usually be told offhand a year in
advance. The monotony was broken
yesterday.
Some time ago Secretary Holbrook
arrested the drivers of several fash
ionable rigs for using burr bits.
Bristles were used in some instances
and tacks in others. Convictions in all
of the cases were secured in the Police
courts. Subsequently Secretary Hol
brook went to Sacramento and secured
the passage of a law by the Legisla
ture forbidding the use of burr bits
of any description.
Dr. Dalziel had been summoned by
the defense in one of the cases where
tacks were used in the bits and tes
tified that in his opinion the device
was not cruel. Other members of the
society thought the veterinary ought
to know that sticking the business end
of a tack into a horse might cause
the animal pain and they were con
st queutly im-ensed at his testimony.
Accordingly the nominating com
mittee in making out the list of can
didates for the board of trustees yes
terday, just a few minutes before the
annual meeting, omitted the name of
Dalziel. The slighted member, who is
also a director, might have named an
opposition ticket, but he did not find
the three seconds of time allowed suf
ficient. • <•"
The Humane Society gave Dr. I. B.
Dalziel a surprise when he appeared
at the annual meeting yesterday, when
he was dropped from the board of
trustees. The veterinary felt very
much hurt about it and made a short
speech to that effect before the i as
sembled members. The slight was put
upon him because he testified in op
position to the organization's wishes
in a court case several months ago.
t United States Immigrant Commis
sioner North received by mail yester
day a decision from the Department of
Commerce and Labor dismissing the
appeal of Yee Ching Ton from the
judgment of Mr. North denying him
a landing. "Tee arrived on the steam
ship Doric on May 12 of this year, and
claimed to be a native of the United
States. The decision as promulgated
by Secretary Metcalf will render it
very difficult for a Chinese immigrant
to prove that he was born in the
United States. The following is the
text of the decision:
This record presents the usual stereotyped
conditions cf such cases. Two witnesses tes
tify with remarkable consistency as to the
fact and date of appellant's birth- in this
country, as to the time of his alleged depar
ture for China with his parents, and as<to his
identity with the person who it Is claimed was
horn, under the circumstances • narrated,
twrnty-six years »ro. Neither of the witnesses
displays any knowledge of events contem
poraneous with the alleged date of birth, nor
do they show any reason for displaying such
a remarkable exactness of memory in regard
to such a -remote event and one In which it
does not appear that they had any personal
Interest. The only reasonable explanation that
the <lpr>artment can discover lies In the fact
that both witnesses have, within the past few
years, been to Chine, have there met the
father of. appellant, discussed . the subject, of
the latter's birth in the United' States and
thus acquired this precise Information, which
it Is contrary to all reason to assume that
they could have obtained soltly from their rec
ollection. . «-.-.-
It is true there are certain contradictions
upon comparatively Irrelevant points, but this
alone would not .justify the rejection of the
evidence as unworthy of credence. . Such re
jection, however, is justified upon the. broader
grounds already stated. If the department .were
to accept as proof of the claims made such
testimony as that contained in this record it
can see no reason why, by the exercise of a
little ingenuity, any Chinese person in the
twenties may not both secure admission to the
United States, but. as well, establish his stand
ing as an American citizen. Without assigning
further reasons, the department dismisses the
appeal, although it believes that such a case,
where a child Is born of alien parents, already
having offspring in their own home abroad, and
leaving shortly after the birth of such child
for a permanent residence In their own home,
and where the child so born in the United
Staten waits- until he Is 2H years of age, es
tablishes himself in his own country and mar- [
rles before he attempts to claim his birthright,
is not within the reasoning upon which the
Supreme Court reached its decision In the
V.'ona; Kim Ark cas*. This point it Is not :
necessary to elaborate, the evidence being 1 In
sufficient and Incredible a« regards the birth I
of appellant In the United States. .
The appeal Is accordingly dismissed. '#
Gossip Touching Republican
Nominees in the Several
Congressional Districts
Dr. Whitney was called, but the pros
tcution objected to his testimony as he
did not attend the defendant at the
time the alleged fraudulent transac
tions took place. During the argu
ment as to the admissibility of his
testimony the jury was excused. At
torneys Ach, Dunne and Shortridge
contended that Dr. Whitney could prove
by the defendant's present physical
condition that he was not able to at
tend to the business of the firm at the
time the deal with Beck was made.
The prosecution, on the other hand,
argued that as fifteen months has
r.lapsed such evidence would not be
competent.
At the conclusion of the arguments
Judge Lawlor took tne matter under
advisement and announced that the
case would be called at 9:20 this morn
ing and that a session would be held
this evening.
"Did you ever have any conversa
tion with Josua Eppinger on the sub
ject of loaning money on California
xvheat?'
¦"No, sir," he answered.
"Did you ever have any conversation
with any member of the firm aside
from Jaoob Eprunger on the subject of
loaning money on wheat?"
"Positively not."
RETROACTIVE EVIDENCE.
Counsel for the defense in the case
cf Jacob Eppinger yesterday afternoon
made a strong plea to have testimony
as to the former grain king's present
physical condition introduced in evi
dence, arguing that by this means it
could be proved that the al-
If-ged fraudulent deals were made Ep
pinger was not capable of conducting
the affairs cf the concern. The prose
cution argued, on the other hand, that
this evidence would prove nothing, but
v-iis being introduced simply to influ
ence the minds of the jurors and work
on their sympathies. During the day
Colonel F. E. Beck, manager of the
International Banking Corporation,
was recalled to the stand and flatly
-contradicted Josua Eppinger, who
last Friday testified that he had dis
cussed the subject of loans with Beck.
Color.el Beck asserted positivsly that
no such conversation had ever taken
place ajid that his talk with Josua
had related solely to the collection of
money on an insurance policy and the
purchase of bills of exchange.
Josua Eppinger was the lirst wit
ness 'called yesterday morning: and he
•was again questioned as to his method
of making out the list of assets of the
firm prior to April 14. 1503, when the
Joan was negotiated with Colonel
Beck. He could give no lucid expla
nation of the sudden increase in the
value of certain pieces of property,
nor could he explain why in some
cases he used the book values as
ehown by the ledger and in other in
stances jotted down the original cost,
as. for instance, in the case of the
IT'ixon. property, which was rated in
the ledger at $10,000, but valued by
Josua at IIS, 000.
JUST HAPPENED TO FORGET.
• To a series of questions asked by
Attorney Campbell the only reply of
the witness after much deliberation
and rereading: of questions was, "I
don't know."' He did not know wheth
er the assets of the firm could be told
from the books; he did not know how
many of the bills receivable figuring
in h!s list were outlawed by the stat
ute of limitations, and he did not
know how much ca?h. if any, was on
hand. He had '"just happened to for
pef the cash.
At this Doint the witness did remem
ber one thing — he had on one occasion
negotiated a loan with the London,
Paris and American Bank and also a
loan with Mr. Conn. Last week he
ewcre that he had never negotiated
any loans with any bank.
Josua testified that Colonel Beck
had never mentioned the loaning of
money on California wheat until April
10. 1903, and at that time Colonel Beck
said he had already mentioned (the
subject to Jacob Eppinger.
Colonel Beck was next called to the
ttand and asked:
Colonel Beck Testifies That
He Discussed Only Wheat
Loans With the Defendant
Bebuked Director, Eequested
to Be Present at Annual
Meeting, Is Then Ousted
When His Term Expires on
March 19 Next He Will Be
Brought Here for Trial
Declares It to Be Usual
Stereotyped Case of Two
Men Coached to Perjury
TBIP OF UNION LEAGUE
President of Company 3Iakes
Statement Not Including
Value of All Property
IDENTIFY PHOTOGRAPH
EVIDENCE DISBELIEVED
JOSUA CONTRADICTED
ASSESSOB IS INDORSED
ACTION IS A SURPRISE
Judge Dooling of Hollister
Will Eulogize Sage: of
Esopus at Batification
Attorneys for Jacob Eppin
ger Say He Was Unable
to Conduct Firm's Affairs
Corporation's Unpaid Taxes
on Franchise and Bealty
Form Basis of Action
Last of Gang Implicated in
Murder of Policeman Eob
inson in Stillwater Jail
Secretary Metcalf s First
Decision Construes Bights
of Native Born Chinese
Humane Society Eefuses to
Ee-elect a Once Honored
3Iember for Trusteeship
USE ILLNESS
AS A DEFENSE
GETTING READY
FOR ELECTION
EICLUSION BAR
MADE STRONGER
DALZIEL GETS
COLD SHOULDER
STATE SUING
WELLS-FARGO
POLICE LOCATE
THUG GOUCHER
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, -190*
H. S. GROOKER
SUCCUMBS TO
LONG ILLNESS
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
; Sold all over the world.
One Dollar Buys
a good coffee mi 11. You will
have hundreds of dollars
of satisfaction <^^^^=^
in using Ti&zzxg'
Golden
Gate
Coffee m^0
if you grind it at home— fresh
each day — not too fine.
J.A.Folger&Co.
SITUATION WASTES — As general
manager, satos manager or In the purchase or
sales department of progressive manufacturing-,
wholesale or mtnin? company, by man of abil-
ity, formerly president of several large manu-
facturing companies and a railroad: 30 years of
age, temperate and a hustler; no objections to
position outside of the United States; an open-
Ing where brains and energy will be rewarded
in desired. Address for ten days. FRANK A
UMSTED. room 217. Hotel Albany. Denver. Colo.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.IBSY ST. Established
In 1S54 (or the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<"»r*««;timrt»nt«"«<JU Call or write.
' ¦«*«*• S» ttUSXOX. 8*a JTaactieo. C&L