PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TWENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.— PAGES 1 TO 10.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 37.
ST. LOL1S, July 6. — Unless the radicals make an extended fight against the majority reports of the committees on credentials and resolutions, thus causing a protracted session, it is probable that the Democratic convention will
proceed to the nomination of candidates to-morrow. The outlook late to-night is that Parker will win on . the first ballot. The rout of the opposition is complete. Even some of the delegations instructed
for other candidates are breaking away and scrambling aboard the Parker band-wagon. The California delegation— representatives of Hearst's own State — will stand by its candidate only until his defeat is assured, when it
will swing to whomsoever it chooses, regardless of the wishes of the editor. This means that the delegation will switch its vote to Parker, probably at the end of the first rollcall. Stevenson of Illinois and Tag
gart of Indiana are being boomed for the Vice Presidency. The honor 'will go to the man designated by David B.-HilL
DEMOCRATS CHEER CLEVELAND'S NAME
AND HISS THE FOLLOWERS OF BRYAN
'•^-Continued • on -PageV4,'- Column^ 4. v *
Continued on Page 0, Column 3, j
Continued on Pago'4', Column 11
ST. LOUIS, July 6. — The Democratic
National Convention met to-day and
listened to an extended speech from
Representative John ' Sharp - Williams,
its temporary . chairman, ; appointed
the committees,- necessary to • perfect . a
permanent organization and ,-ad
journed.
In a session lasting two -hours and
fifty ' minutes one ' striking^ incident
overshadowed all other proceedings.
That was the enthusiastic , and ' pro
longed cheering which greeted- the
name of Grover • Cleveland. While the
outburst which greeted : ' the;^mention
of the former Democratic ; President
before its' last syllable had fallen^ from
the lips "of-, the t temporary •chairman
was noteworthy in itself , r it ,"was~ . mag
nified by ..contrast 'with "the * greeting
accorded ' the actual } persons >' of
who stood: for/all Hhat? had ;beeri\op
posed- : by; Cleveland * within ; the'' party
during the las^eightj years.; \* ; . •
- - James- K." Jones) of ;' Arkansas, chair
man -of - the Nat ional ' Committee/' went
: Listening .\ attentively { to ,the ; Demo-j
, cratlc r ( doctrine : laid f do w'n-. by,- Williams, !
the.conserSra^tivesVfouhdVoccasion-rfor
the -first vwhen' ; -th"e *ref-'
HISSES FOR THE BRYANITES.
upon the platform and. took his seat
unnoticed., .Practically no greeting
was given him whenhe faced the con
vention with gavel J in - 1 hand.! There
were other stalwart, lieutenants of the
Nebraskan who entered the -hall un
acclaim'ed, and last.. Bryan himself,
who for the first time during two na
tional conventions was greeted with si
lence. : Eight /minutes after', the "gavel
fell the twice-named; candidate 'of his
party passed "in 'at I the"; main : entrance'
and, sought*, his seat and
unheeded. A few moments plater- he
arose\and pushed y vhis : way .jto.a' seat
nearer the main : , aisle, v where, ¦ stand
ing a' moment to* give s greeting to his
friends,- he'.'. was caught : sight of and
applauded. ,' . But the : measure . of', ap
plause"-.,was but • a ,» ripple*- when "com-,
pared; to \tbe$ storm'' called forth ,by,
Cleveland's name. % , /., ..V !
erence was made, to the record of for
mer President Cleveland. All the shack
led party interest which had laid dor
mant through two national conventions
was released as by the touch of a trig
ger.'. The name of. Cleveland was
echoed from* thousands of throats.
Hats, handkerchiefs, fans and arms
wa ved, 'delegates and spectators . stood
on their chairs and the last semblance
of : order was* turned "into confusion
which convention officials were power
less to subdue.'
¦While the outburst was at its height
Bryan's 'following" attempted to con
vert the demonstration into applauce
for its leader. The name of "Bryan was
yelled 'lustily, but in vain. The shout
ing '• of "Grover" and ' "Cleveland" was
renewed,- and the Bryan 7 following was
hissed. '- " ''"'¦'' : 7: :*
"The 'greatest significance was', at
tached to 1 the showing made by the con
seryatives/j.Theiryabsolute control . of
'the r convention 'Is no longer doubted.
VICTORY FOR PARKER
ON THE FIRST BALLOT
Senator J. W. Bailey of Texas and
Representative Champ Clark of Mis
souri to-night declined to accept the
permanent chairmanship of the Demo
crat! ve National Convention. When
the committee on permanent organiza
tion met Bailey and Clark were put
in nomination and the former was
elected by a vote of 18 to 16. The com
mittee then - - unanimously. . elected
The Bryan men are determined to
make minority reports from both com
mittees and discuss these on the floor
of the convention. There is no way to
prevent this last-ditch struggle, if they
continue to hold to their plans to-mor
row.
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— Judge Parker
•will be nominated for President to
morrow. If the session is not consumed
in the debate on credentials and plat
form. Time is the only intervening ele
ment. The Parker managers have the
votes and can nominate on the first
ballot They desire to make the nomi
nation to-morrow, so as to have a night
conference over second place on the
ticket They cannot make definite
plans, because they cannot control the
debate, if there should be minority re
ports on credentials and platform.
Charles Walsh of Iowa, secretary of
the National Committee, as permanent
secretary of the convention. All other
officers of the temporary organization
wtre made permanent and the commit
tee adjourned under the impression
that its labors were ended.
When Senator Bailey was informed
of his election he announced at once
that he could not accept as he desired
to be on the noor when the platform
was under discussion. He is expected
to combat any attempt from the Bryan
forces to inject into the platform
planks which do not meet the approval
of the committee.
Senator Bailey argued that the chair
manship should be given to Clark and
a committee called upon Clark at the
Southern Hotel and made the tender.
Clark answered that he was engaged to
put the name of Senator Cockrell In
nomination for the Presidency and
therefore would have to be on the floor
during the convention. He was. urged
tc reconsider and finally agreed to send
a telegram to Senator , Cockrell. If
Senator Cockrell makes no objection he
will accept; 'It* is believed that Cockrell
will" ask that his name bY-withdrawnY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The committee met in a room con
nected with- the convention hall im
mediately after the adjournment of
the convention, and. after effecting an
organization and transacting consider
able preliminary work, adjourned to
meet .at 7 o'clock. The meeting was
called to order by ex-Senator Hill of
New York, and on his motion Senator
Daniel of Virginia was elected chair
man of the committee and t given. au
thority to appoint a secretary and a
sub-committee of eleven to consider
the various drafts. of platform and re
port. ¦. :•
Upon taking the chair Senator Dan
iel extended his - thanks for . the honor
bestowed upon him and especially men
tioned the fact that it- had. been done
at the instance of Senator Hill. He
expressed';' the 'hope that the commit
tee would ' take advantage ¦ of its great
opportunity to ".adopt a •platform of a
"character which- would" be sure to' win
DRAFTS ARE SUBMITTED.
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— At a late hour
to-night the committee on resolutions,
after struggling with a mass of pro
posed planks\for the platform, delegat
ed the task of drawing up the resolu
tions to a sub-committee and sought
needed rest. The sub-committee will
report to-morrow morning. .
the suffraga of the people and, in turn,
bring relief to the entire country in
the shape of Democratic administra
tion, which would be in great contrast
to the uncertainty of the present ad
ministration. His remarks were re
ceived w4th cheers.
The suggestion having been mads
that the committee should take a re
cess .until 7 o'clock, Bryan suggested
that If there were any members of th«
committee who had drafted platforms
which they desired to present they
should submit copies to the members
of the full committee In order that they
might have time to consider them be
fore coming together again.
"If.", said Chairman Daniel, "the
gentleman from Nebraska has a plat
form I should be very glad Indeed to
have a" copy of it."
Bryan replied that he had none.
At this juncture a number of mem
bers said that they had formulated
various resolutions which they desired
to submit, among them being Williams
of Mississippi. Newlands of Nevada.
Daniel. Tiliman of South Carolina and
Poe of Maryland, the latter saying
that the views of Senator Gorman were
embodied in his draft
The Poe draft, in its declaration on,
imperialism, says:
Demonstration Following Mention of the "Sage
of Princeton" in Marked' Contrast to Snub
Accorded Party's Late Rulers.
Wrestling With a Varied Assortment of Planks
Presented by the Party's Big Men.
Sufficient Votes Are Pledged and an Attempt
Will Be Made to Nominate To-Day.
IDOL OF CONVENTION
IS FORMER PRESIDENT
PLATFORM BUILDERS
IN SEARCH OF ISSUES
SCENE IN THE CONVENTION HALL AT ST. LOUIS DURING THE DEMONSTRATION FOLLOWING THE MENTION OF FORMER, PRESIDENT CLEVELAND.
Alcazar— "One Summer's Bay."
- MatlneG to-day.
Central — "Wedded % and Parted."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's— '"The Mormons. 1 *
Grand — "Barbara Xrletenle.**
Orphetun — Vaudeville. Matinee
to-day.
Tivoll — "Sobln Hood."
\ THE THEATEKS.
THE WZLA-THiSB.;^^
Forecast made at Baa Fru-
Cisco for thirty tour* — rt*»g
midnight, July 7, 1904:
Saa Francisco and vicinity— .
Cloudy, unsettled weather
Thursday, possibly sprinkles In
the morning-; light south winds,
changing- to fresh westerly.
a. o. axcAsre,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallDistinguished Californians at Montreal
OTTAWA, Ont., July 6.—Distinguish
ed visitors from the United States ware
received to-day at the Court House at
Montreal. Justice Morrow of the Unit
ed States Circuit Court at San Fran
cisco with Jesse Warren, a California
lawyer, were received by Justice Archi
bald and shOjWn through the Court
House.
'.Arthur W. Foster, president of the
California and Northwestern Railway,
arrived from New York Jn his private
car and left on the Imperial limited
for Vancouver.
NEW YORK. July 6.— It is definite
ly reported, says a Herald * dispatch
from Seoul, .that an epidemic of chol
era is spreading throughout Manchu
ria and already has reached Antung.
Troops Suffer From Terrible Heat.
LIAOYANG. July 6. — The troops
here have' suffered from a* second day
of terrible heat, the, thermometer reg
istering 108 Fahrenheit. No more
rain has fallen here and the roads
have considerably improved. Japan
ese prisoners are being brought to
Liaoyang.
Cholera Is Spreading -In 'Manchuria.
CHEFOO, July 6, 6 p. m. — A party
of refugees arriving to-day from Port
Arthur say that Admiral Prince Ou
tomsky of the battleship Beresviet has
succeeded Rear Admiral Withoeft as
commander of the Russian naval
forces at that place. According to
Chinese reports the workshops at
Port Arthur are busily engaged in cut
ting brass piping for ammunition. The
conditions there are unchanged.
Outomsky Succeeds "Withoeft.
A dispatch from St. Petersburg,
July 4, stated that Grand Duke Boris
had been transferred to Harbin on ac
count of an unpleasantness with a col
onel at Liaoyang.
PARIS, July 6. — The Parliamentary
committee which is Investigating the
Chartreuse charges has drawn up a
report exonerating Premier Combes
and his son, Edgar Combes, secretary
general of the Ministry of the Interior,
on the ground that the testimony does
not .show anything impeaching their
honor. The report \expresses regret
that the Premier referred before the
Chamber of Deputies to an attempt at
.bribery, whereas Jiie J testimony dis
closes no incident having that gravity.
The committee will continue its inquiry,
but the decision vindicating the two
Combes terminates its principal work.
Parliamentary Committee Appointed
by Chamber of Deputies Makes Re
port on Chartreuse Charges.
EXONERATES PREMIER
• COMBES AND HIS SON
TIENTSIN, July 6. — The British
gunboat Espiegle arrived at New
chwang last Tuesday. .It Is reported
that many Cossacks while marching
through the Tangchi gorge were
drowned by floods. Grand Duke Bor{s
is still in Newchwang.
Many Cossacks Are Drowned.
CHINAMPO, July 3,- via Seoul, July
6. — The steamer Manchuria, having
on board a party of Japanese states-
Survivors of the Hatsiise to Join the
Torpedo Flotilla.
WANT ACTIVE SERVICE.
MONTEREY COUNTY IN
PROSPEROUS CONDITION
Assessment Roll Shows an Increase of
Half a Million Dollars in
Valuations.
SALINAS, July 6.— The assessment
roll of Monterey County, which has
just been turned over to the Board of
Supervisors by the County Assessor,
shows that the valuations aggregate
J12.176.905, exclusive of railroad valua
tion, being an increase over last year
of $506,330. The railroad valuation last
jf-ar was 52.163.079. The increase of
assessable property shown is principally
rtal estate, improvements and personal
property, being $131,533 in *real estate,
owing to more acreage being placed un
der irrigation and water facilities,
S104.C20 in improvements, principally at
Monterey, Pacific Grove and Salinas on
account of the military camp, and $249,
3 SO personal property.
GIBftALTAR. July «. — The Unlt«d 8tatps
l*t!l»>htii Illinois sailed to-day tor Trieste.
Austria,
TIENTSIN. July 6.— The Russian
destroyer Lieutenant Burukoff, which
successfully ran the blockade at Port
Arthur and reached Newchwanff June
29 with advices for St. Petersburg
from the beleaguered fortress, has re
turned safely to Port Arthur.
Russian Destroyer Lieutenant Hum
koff Again Eludes Japanese.
BACK AT PORT ARTHUR.
BERLIN. July 6. — The exports of Germany
to the United States for the fiscal year were
$103,450,620, a decrease of S14.45O.154. These
figures do not include Dresden or Munich.
TOKIO. July 6, 11 a. m. — Supple
mental dispatches Indicate that the
fight at Motienlin Pass on July 4 was
a desperate hand-to-hand affair. A
majority of the Japanese Injured were
wounded by bayonets. The Russians
surrounded the outposts of the Japan
ese, who fought until relief came.
The RuSslans left fifty-three dead
and forty wounded on the field.' The
Japanese left nineteen killed and thir
ty-eight wounded. It is believed that
the Russians sustained greater losses
during the pursuit than in the action.
GENERAL KUROKIS HEAD
QUARTERS IN, THE FIELD, via Fu
san. July 6. — On July 4 two battalions
of Russians attempted to break
through the Japanese outposts at the
northern entrance of Motienlin Pass.
Before daybreak they surrounded an
outpost of eighty men at the foot of
a hill and charged the trench above.
A bloody encounter with bayonets,
lasting a quarter of an hour, ensued.
The Russians attacked the trench
three times, but were drlverr* up the
valley by a Japanese reinforcement,
leaving many dead and wounded. An
observer saw fifty dead in front of the
trench.
Dispatches Indicate That It Was »»
Ih-.-perate Hand-to, Hand Affair.
FIGHT AT MOTIENLIN PASS.
Heavy Storm hi Nevada Fills Dry
trreek Bed and Causes Great
Damage.
RENO. July 6. — A cloudburst on the
line of the Nevada, California and
Oregon Railroad at Colle Springs,
near here, to-night created havoc to
the growing crops and damaged the
railroad to such an extent that traf
fic was delayed for some time. It will
be several days before the damage
« an be repaired. The loss at this time
cannot be estimated. The water came
down at if from an inverted tank and
for a time the ravines, dry for years,
were raging torrents; No lives were
lost. At Wabuska to the south and on
the line of the Carson and Colorado
another cloudburst is reported. A
body of water three feet in depth cov
ered the earth, but little damage was
done.
CIjOUDBURST PLAYS HAVOC
WITH GROWING CROPS
BOISE, Idaho, July 6.— Mrs. Alice
Mitchell, a widow, was ratally shot to
night by Bert Hay ward. They were
engaged. Hayward escaped toward
the river and has not been found.
Shoots and Fatally Wounds Woman
SALINAS, July 6.— Mrs. Mabel Kess
ler of Glenwood, Santa Cruz County,
was accidentally crushed at Monterey
by a horse falling on her on July 4. She
died last night as the result of her
injuries.
Young Woman Crashed to Death.
SALT LAKE, July 6.— Salt Lake po
lice officers believe they have in cus
tody Jim Daley, who was sought by
coast officers about four years ago for
murdering an officer in Los Angeles.
Daley Is now held on a vagrancy
charge pending advices from Califor
nia.
Suspected Mnrderer in Custody.
James F. Young to Be Returned.
SACRAMENTO, July 6. — The Gov
ernor's office to-day issued a writ of
extradition upon the Governor of New
York for the return to this State of
James F. Young, wanted at San Fran
cisco for the alleged embezzlement of
$500 from an elderly woman named
Sarah Johnson-Young. Young is in
custody in New York Citv.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 6.— All re
maining naval reservists in govern
ments of European Russia, with the
exception of Orenburg and Finland,
have been called out by an imperial
ukase. These are intended to make
up the full complement of reserves
at Baltic naval ports. The naval re
servists in some districts have also
been called out and ordered to Se
bastopol.
Russian Government Intends Station
ing Them nt Baltic Ports.
NAVAL RESERVES CALLED OUT.
Russia wishes to remain at peace
with all nations, and certainly has no
wish to exclude England from that
footing. A little remarkable is .this
overture of peace, coming from Eng
land just when she is trying to con
quer Tibet in order to protect the in
terests of India against Russia. Eng
land seems to have failed to see the
real danger that would threaten her
Indian empire if her ally (Japan) tri-'
umphed in the Far East.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 6. — Recur
ring to the ofTer of Great Britain to
protect the Russian sealing interests
off Kamchatka during the war. the
Novoe Vremya says:
With All Nations.
Russia Wishes tp Remain at Peace
ENGLAND IS INCLUDED.
TROMSOE, Norway. July 6.— The
Champ expedition sailed from here to
day on the steamer Frithjof for the re
lief of the Zeigler polar expedition. W.
S. Champ, who is in command of the
Frithjof expedition, is the secretary
of William Zeigler of Brooklyn, N. Y.
Sail for Relief of Polar Expedition.
structions from Rome, authorities here
have arrested Captain Ercolesso of the
Italian Assembly, and his wife, on a
charge of high treason, in selling to
agents of a foreign power plans for
the mobilization of the Italian forces
in Sicily.
ITALJAN AND HIS WIFE
ACCUSED OF TREASON
Officer Is Charged With Selling Infor
mation About the Army In
Sicily.
. MESSINA, July «. — Acting upon In-
Santa Clara— F. J. Percival and wife.
Miscellaneous— T. J.. Medland, Red
lands; W. Medland. Redlands; M. S.
Hutchens, Watsonvllle; J. W. William
son, Watsonville: T. S r Hulson, Wat
sonville; J. Alexander, Watsonville;
Mrs. E. H. Cardell, Alameda; Miss A.
Schmidt, Alameda; Mrs. C. E. Kllsey,
San Jose; H. Vollheim and family, San
Jose; Mary Porter, Fresno; C. Detay,
Fresno; N. H. Patterson, Vallejo; G.
A. Cleghorn, Vallejo; L. J. Beckett and
family, San Luis Obispo; M. L.
Beckett and family, San Luis Obis
po; H. W. Spence and family, San
Luis Obispo; M. Howe, San Diego;
L. M. Bedford and family, San Ber
nardino; Mrs. F. Shurtleff, Ocean Park;
T. J. Stephenson. Sacramento; J. E.
Mallory, Chico; Ada Caldwell. Orange;
E. L. Krlpp and wife, Sacramento;
T. Jacobs, Visaila; A. M. BIttinger, Riv
erside; Mary Metzger, Santa Ana;
W. G. Hudson, Salinas; J. H. Solkmore,
Woodbridge; J. A. Allen, Monrovia; E.
L. Hansen and wife. Broderick; Mrs.
L. E. McMahan, Bartlett: Mrs. R. W
Coats and family. Red Bluff; Charles
Peterson, San Leandro.
Oakland— C. F. Wilson, J. B. Baugh.
Mrs. M. Wisdom, Mrs. Sarah Wilson,
A. D. Bennetts. ~
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— The following
Californians are registered here:
San Francisco — R. E. Johnson and
family. L. A. Armstrong, E. H. Rix
ford, George Bauer, Esther Rhine, W.
H. Summons, W. F.. Barrel, E. Dan
forth. M. Staples. M. Vollersten and
wife., Dr. P^ M. Jones, Mrs. H. C.
French, G. A. Hale, Dr. Aug. Fehler
and family, Hettie Corlett, L. O'Brien,
M. Verrel, Harry Frevor, Sophie Fass
ler, H. R. Rupln. Mrs. Anna Collins,
Mrs. F. Latz, /Airs. James Viner, Mrs.
Julia Blanchard. A. B. Wleler, Archie
Chamley, Mrs. Frish, O. D. Ottosen.
Los Angeles— F. Peebles, Mrs. Nevln,
Harry White. A. Amet, Bertha Amet,
H. Dolly. J. Kurry, A. S. Chory, J. M.
McKinley and wife, Miss A. E. Hynes,
Robert P. Skilllng, J. B. Newell and
wife, E. W. Heck, K. Williamson, A.
C. Amet, H. B. Ellis, Dr. E. W. Flem
ing. M. N. Peebles, I. W. Blackburn,
R. Hazeltine.
Pasadena— C. W. Livermore. J. R.
GIddlngs and family. C. S. Backus and
family, R. B. Burhams. G. W. Parks.
People From Various Towns of Cali
forniu Are Attending the Ex
position.
MANY WESTERNERS SEE
SIGHTS AT ST. LOUIS
Brigadier General Haines Is Retired
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Brigadier
General Peter C. Haines was retired
to-day and Major Theodore A. Bing
ham will be appointed to succeed him
and be retired immediately in favor of
Colonel Constant Williams.
The Cheltenham is of 3700 tons, was
built in 1901 and is owned by the Gal
braith-Pembroke Company of London.
She was Insured against risk of cap
ture at the value of $200,(H)0. She is
reported to have been taking railroad
material from Japan to Korea. ?
Donald Mcl>arn, Lately an Officer in
the English Army, Sentenced^
to FoNom.
VENTURA. July 6. — Donald Mc-
Larn, an aristocratic Scotsman of In
verness and late major of the Sixth
Dragoon Guards In his Majesty's ser
vice, was to-day sentenced to' two
>ears at Folsom for forgery. He was
tiken there to-night by Under Sher
iff Reilley.
Two weeks ago McLarn forged a
check on Mayhew Norton of El Rio.
which he cashed at Simon Cohen's.
When brought to court McLarn plead
ed guilty, stating that he had been
drunk and did not realize what he was
doing.
McLarn served in South Af
rica with Buller, in the Tu
gela River eampaigi^^nd while with
"Bobs" in the Boerwar he took a
conspicuous part in the chief engage
ments, particularly at Bloemfontein.
His right hip was torn away by a
shell, for which he was honorably dis
charged and draws a pension of $2 a
day. In dress and conversation the
culture of an educated Britisher ably
rubstantiates his claims to aristocrat
ic birth. He is an officer in the In
verness branch of the Masonic order.
VETERAN OF DOER WAR
JAILED 1--OR FORGERY
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Lieutenants
Lay II. Everhart and Ford H. Brown
are understood to be the officers se
lected for compulsory retirement by
the board of five rear admirals ap
pointed for the purpose. Both officers
to be retired are on sick leave and it
is not improbable that they would soon
have been retired on account of ill
health. Both have excellent service
records.
Naval Lieutenants to Be Retired.
Court.
VLADIVOSTOK, Tuesday, July 5
("delayed in transmission). — The Brit
ish steamer Cheltenham was brought
in here July 2 and is now awaiting
trial by the prize court.
British Steamship Is Hold to Await
. Trial by the Prize
CHELTENHAM REACHES
PORT OF VLADIVOSTOK
TOKIO. July 6. 11 a. m. — Field
Marshal Oyama,- commander in chief
of the Japanese field forces, accom
panied by Generals Kodama ind Fu
kushima and a numerous staff, * de
parted for the front to-day. There
was a remarkable farewell demonstra
tion. Early this -morning crowds as
sembled .at the headquarters of the
general "staff and along the streets
leading to the \ Shlnbashi station.
Many houses were decorated and flags
and banners fluttered over the streets.
_ The three generals left the head
quarters at 10 o'clock. They, j*ere
cheered all . along the route to the
station, where they held a reception.
Field Marshal Oyania ' Is Given a
." Demonstration at Tokio.
LEAVES FOR THE FRONT.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 6. — It
transpires that the Russian volunteer
fleet steamer St. Petersburg (which
passed through the Bosphorus
from the Black Sea this
morning in company . with the
Sevastopol,, the latter flying
the Red Cross flag and with her hull
painted white) was stopped in the
Bosphorus bv blank shots from the
Turkish forts, fired without previous
warning.
The Incident - threatened to cause
friction.f but after a delay of several
hours, in which communications were
exchanged between the Russian em
bassy and the Porte, the vessel' was
allowed to proceed, Vladivostok being
her declared destination.
Members of the Cabinet. Elder States
men, representatives ' of the court,
hundreds of military and naval of
ficers, many civil officials and some
foreign attaches had assembled there
to bid them farewell. Sir Claude Mac
donald, the British Minister, accom
panied by Lady Macdonald, entered
General Oyama's private car. Amer
ican Minister Grlscom was not pres
ent, the United States being offlcuyiy
represented by Colonel Wood and Sec
retaries Miller and Laughlin. Troops
lined the platform at the station and
when the train started there were tre
mendous cheers, while the band
played "Auld Lang Syne.'*
A short stop will be made at Yoko
hama before the distinguished officers
embark at Shimonoseki for the seat
of war.
"Our total casualties were nineteen
killed and two officers and thirty-six
men wounded. The enemy left on the
field fifty-three men killed and forty
wounded."
"At 4 o'clock on the morning of July
4 a few Russians approached near our
pickets posted one and one-half miles
northwest of Motien Pass. They were
followed immediately by one company
which attacked. Then from the north
ern heights the enemy, brought down
another company, thus surrounding us.
"The picket commander dispatched
his main force toward the southern
hills, retaining only a small force. Our
troops were fiercely engaged in a close
encounter with the enemy and forced
a passage through the Russian line,
while our outposts which had been the
first alarmed attacked the enemy's
Hank. A desperate fight ensued which
resulted in the enemy retiring, pursued
by our main outposts, to Chenchia
Paotze and Tawan.
"The enemy also attacked our out
posts west of Shiakaolln at about the
same time, but was immediately re
putsed.
LONDON. July 7.— The Tokio cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph, in
a dispatch dated July 6, gives General
Kuroki's account of the fight near Mo
tien Pass. General Kuroki's account is
as follows:
KUROKI MAKES REPORT.
Gives Details of the Recent Engage
ment Near Motien Pass.
The Russian press generally com
mends the appointment of Prince
Obolensky as Governor General of
Finland, and counsels firmness, but
moderation.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 6. — The
military critics generally take the
view that the serious military opera
tions in Southern Manchuria are over
until the rainy season has ended, and
In the meantime the Japanese will
devote themselves to the sieee of
Port Arthur. The army organ mar
vels at the lack of decision on the
part of Generals Kuroki and Oku,
expressing the belief that this may
account for the farct that the forces
landing at Port Dalny have been
taken from places in Manchuria.
The test of the engines of the ar
mored cruiser Admiral Nakimoff on
her trial run is pronounced very sat
isfactory. The battleship Sisoiveliky
and Navarin and the armored cruis
er Svietlana are being fitted with
hoists for coalinc at sea.
of Generals Kuroki and Oku.
Russians Comment on the Indecision
curries are surprised:
"It is believed the Japanese are con
tinuing their advance with the object
of cutting off Mukden."
LONDON July 7.— The Liaoyang cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph, in
a disoatch dated July 7. 1 a, m., says;
"A- battle is proceeding twenty-five
miles from here.
"Numbers of wounded are being
brought in from the mountains.
General Kuroki's forces include
many men of the reserve, armed with
the old pattern rifles.
LIAOTUNG, July 6 (delayed in
transmission). — The heavy rains which
fell all day yesterday have converted
the Taitse River into a wild, swirling
torrent, making it a defense against
the Japanese. To-day the sun is shin
ing and the temperature is 40 degrees
centigrade.
Some of the Russian detachments
are making remarkable marches, in
spite of tjie bad roads.
The departure of two additional di
visions for the seat of war Is reported
from Nagasaki.
MUKDEN, July 6.— Rain is falling
very heavily' here. Several of the Chir
nese bridges have been carried away.
The movements of large bodies of
troops and transports have been
stopped.
LIAOYANG, July 6. — General Oku's
army is retiring, evidently with the ob
ject of concentrating on Port Arthur.
Siege guns are being placed in posi
tion at Kinchou.
centration of Kffort on Port
Arthur.
Plan 'of Japanese Believed to Be Con-
RIVERS ARE SWOL.LEX
AND OKU IS RETIRING
men, foreign attaches and correspond
ents, who are making a tour of in
spection of the theater of the war. has
been fog bound for five days off this
port. On the evening of July 1 the
Manchuria met a number of Japan
ese transports. A Japanese mail
steamship passing here had on board
100 survivors of the Japanese battle
ship Hatsuse, which was sunk off Port
Arthur on May 16 by striking a mine.
The survivors are bound for a naval
base, where they will join the • tor
pedo flotilla. Many of the men are
scarred from the frightful burns re
sulting from the explosion of shells.
All appear anxious to return to ac
tive service, saying that it is wrong
for them to quit when their comrades
are dead.
With fanatical enthusiasm they are
desirous of taking every risk.
Minister Powell has since reported
to the State Department that the in
cident ha3 been satisfactorily closed.
The Minister's advices. Just received
from Hayti. show that the incident oc
curred as follows:
Before the executive mansion at Port-au-
Prince there Is a road which in < l<>«*<1 after
•lark to all pedestrians ami carriages. On in*
nicirninr of June 21 two- <-arriagt-.s were »-"ti
on that road.. It was dark, the sentry coul-1
not see the' occupants of thn carriages an 1
could not then know Jf they were forvljcni-rs ••
natives. The ci'achman. not hearing or rmt
taking any notice of the warning of the s*?n
try. the latter, to avoid using his r!.1.\ thought
fit to throw a stone In the .lirectlon of the
carriages. When the next morning the report
was made that the occupant* of the carrlasrs
were the French and Oerman Ministers. th«
officers of the guard and the sentry srer*
punished and the Secretary fur Rxterlor Ra
tions called at both legations to express re
gret and apologize In the name of the Govern
ment.
"WASHINGTON. July 6.— Mr. Leger.
the HayUen Minister, has made an ex
planation of the reevnt international
episode at Port-au-Prince, involving an
attack upon the French and German
Ministers, and the presence of warships
in consequence to procure reparation,
which puts an entirely different light
on the affair, depriving it of any such,
anti-foreign animus as was at first at
tributed to it.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 6, 6 p. m.
Information for the relatives of Jap
anese prisoners is being forwarded
through the American embassy to the
Japanese Minister at Berlin. Since
the inauguration of the prisoners' bu
reau regular reports have been made.
The British gunboat Espiegle has
arrived jat Xewchwang. but the en
trance is mined and she was unable
to enter the mouth of the river.
On her personal account the Em
press, since the opening of the war.
has sent 10,000 packages containing
coffee, tea. tobacco, etc., to the of
ficers and 3100,000 packages to the
men in the F.ar East.
There is no information here con
firming the reports from Tokio and
Newchwang that the Japanese are
north of Kaichou.
Reports Arc " Forwarded Through
American Embassy to .Mikado's
Berlin Minister. .
RICliATIVKS OF JAPANESE
PRISONERS ARE INFORMED
T-*
PORT ARTHUR, July 3. 9 p. m., via
Tientsin, July 6.— Four Japanese tor
pedo-bc-at destroyers which made a de
termined attempt to enter. Port Ar
thur were discovered by the shore bat
teries. One was sunk under Golden
Hill and-.-another under. Twenty-two
Battery. Another had Its funnel shot
away and the fourth retreated.
The spirits of the men composing the
garrison are excellent and food is
plentiful. . .. ..
On Saturday fifty Japanese spies
were captured at a place the name of
which is not given.
Trains are running in both directions
for a distance of sixteen miles from
Port Arthur. ' " •
It was announced from Tokio, July 3,
that a belated report . from Admiral'
Togo recorded a desperate and suc
cessful torpedo attack at the entrance
of Port Arthur during the night of
June 27, in which a Russian guardship
and a Russian torpedo-boat destroyer
were sunk.
The exact date of the attack is not
ascertained, but it is said to have oc
curred Saturday. No further details
are obtainable. Though it is believed
other destroyers participated in the at
tack, only four succeeded in getting in.
The method whereby this information
reached the authorities is not disclosed.
The reckless bravery of the Japan
ese in going to almost certain destruc
tion excites nothing but admiration
here. The channel at Port Arthur is
so strewn with wrecks that evidently
it was regarded as unnecessary to use
a boom. On account of the difficulty
of getting into the harbor the feat
is considered in naval circles to be fully
as daring as that of the Japanese at
Weihaiwei, where Japanese torpedo
boats, in a storm and covered with ice.
were Jumped over the booms protect
ing the harbor and desttoyed the Chi
nese warships. So far as known the
Japanese torpedo-boat destroyers did
not even succeed in launching tprpe
doc-s.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 6, 1:30 p. m.
A few nights ago Admiral Togo at
tempted to repeat the Japanese exploit
with torpedo-boats at Weihaiwei dur
ing the Chinese-Japanese war by send
ing torpedo-boat destroyers into the
harbor of Port Arthur for the purpose
of sinking ships at their anchorage,
but the attempt ended in disastrous
failure. Four torpedo-boat destroyers
succeeded in creeping into the harbor,
which was not protected by booms, but
only one escaped. Two were sunk by
the shore batteries and one was crip
pled.
Secretary for the Exterior
Makes Apology and Inci
dent Is Counted Closed
DE2CVEB. Colo., July 6.— The cpen
las of ti»e nem- headquarters of the
Western Federation of Miners in the
Pioneer r>ir!ldln? wn? marked by the
appearance of President Charles 1L j
Mover at his desk— the flrst time 'since
r-o was arrested at Ouray more than a
bundled days ago. He held conferences
with Vice President Williams and As
sistant Secretary Klrwan, in which the
entire situation was thoroughly dis
tussed and dans decided upon for the j
continuation of the strikes in which the J
federation is interested.
A telegram was sent to Editor John j
M. O'Neill <»f the Miners' Mapazme. j
v. ho is visitinpr relatives in Omaha, re- |
questing him to return. He was noti- ¦
f.ert that bondrmen have been secured/
Mid that he can give satisfactory bain
the moment he arrives.
Bondsmen have also been secured for ,
Secretary Huywood. but as he is ex- ;
t^rted to arrive from Chicago, where |
he ha* been attending the Chicago Fed- ;
f ration of Lahor, in a day or two. it '
v. as not deemed necessary to apprise';
him of the fact.
PreFid<*r.t Moyer said the sooner the j
«ases against himself and remaining:
numbers <»f the executive board are j
tried the better it will suit him. He
does not regard them seriously and has
no fears regarding the outcome of the
trials.
Says the Sooner Cases Are
Heard the Better It Will
Suit Him and Associates
Togo's Attempt to Repeat
the WeihaiweiJE^ploit Re
sults in Disaster.
LJAOYANG, July 6. — There are persistent reports in circulation that
a hot engagement occurred to-day northward of Gcnsan between the Rus-_
sian Vladivostok a od Japanese squadrons,, which ended favorably to the
Russians. '. _ - /'
ST. -PETERSBURG, July 6. — A dispatch received . here .from Vladi
vostok this afternoon does not mention the Russian squadron. The Ad
miralty has no confirmation of thc*rcport from Liaoyang: of an engage
ment between the .Vladivostok squadron and Japanese warships off.Gen
san. There Is good reason to believe that the Russian squadron is safe
back in port... ...
ST. PETERSBURG, .TuJy 6. — The Pctersbou'rgsky Ustok this evening
publishes a dispatch from Liaoyang announcing that an • engagement has
occurred'- at Tatcheldao, during which Russian cavalry, under General
Samjwnoff, supported by a battery of horse artillery, dislodged the Japan
ese forces from the heights In the Lace of a heavy machine gun and mus
ketry lire. The Russians, it adds pursued the Japanese and indicted
heavy loss upon them.
DOES NOT FEAR TRIAL
OFFENDERS PUNISHED
General Samsonoff and His Cossack Forces Follow Up
Their Victory by Giving Pursuit to Fast Retreating
Soldiers of the 3Iikado and Inflict Heavy Losses.
Four of Them Creep Into
the Harbor, but Only
One Escapes.
St. Petersburg Gets News of the Battle at Sea From an
Unofficial Source and Is Inclined to Doubt Its Au
thority, Belief Existing That Ships Are in Port.
Jiakes First Appearance at
Headquarters of Miners
Since His Incarceration
Haytian Minister Declares
There Was Xo Animus in
the Stoning of Diplomats
Reports Received at Liaoyang Announce That the Rus
sian Vladivostok Squadron Met the Japanese Flotilla
North of Gensan and Was Victorious.
Russian Cavalry. Supported by a Battery of Horse Artil
lery. Dislodge Enemy From the Heights of Tatchekiao
in Face of Blinding Machine Gun and Rifle Fire.
Port Arthur Shore Batteries
Sink Japanese Torpedo-
Boat Destroyers.
JAPANESE MEET WITH DEFEAT ON LAND AND SEA
MOYER BACK
AT HIS DESK
PUTS AFFAIR
IN NEW LIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JULY 7." 1004.
2
NZW ADVEKTISEMENT&
Makes hair light and fluffy. Stops Itching Instantly.
CJOlNG-l GOING-!! GONE!!!.
. ucNSioE tiu ur£ n. eupicicE will un it. too ute fm kwcibl
ftfriiinnnic iirnnininr j?*y« he y «« «««ty «nd«ttr«ct»veness despoil
rt r W K n 1 1 \ H r n r 1 1 1 1 1 1 r by the r « mov * 1 ot * r «* conbtuiisot subtly <jis-
IlLlI UnU O IlLlli lUiUL "sed h.lr that could be tav«d. It your Birror
_ ___. . . «•"•¦ fljt H would plead with you to "save your
Tli Orir-nl lUas^tkil "kills ttt Osrtnrff tea." hair— no( the comblnrs" It can be done with
DONT BLAriE YOUR MIRROR
ruff and falling hair. Destroy the gerra and the
Many Iti'.tt compel their mirrors to t»ar . silent hair's natural luster and abundance will return,
witness to neeaess hair destruction. Day »tttt Marvelous results. . An exquisite hair dressing.
Dree Starts. 11.00. UM 10c, steps, ti KEEP! ZiZt CO, Dept H, Drtrett, Mick., far 1 tuple.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
A WIFE'S CONFESSION.
Of course every one knew when they
were engaged and every one pretended to
be surprised when
g§vS«sy"5aiPiBiIi heart had changed,
(K&QxH awES^tf fessed that she had
eS^Sjk jlulirl ' hear of the engage-
raS^*SE^feJ3Slj$^ ment being renew-
' • the altar. She had
regained her good looks, her former happy
disposition and strong nerve all through a
secret a friend gave her. A few bottles of
Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescription is what
made two more lives happy and a radiant
bride more beautiful than she had ever
appeared before.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and^ weaknesses -peculiar to women -ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of !
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel ;
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea/ Female Weakness.
Prolapsus or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
Mrs. O. O. Scripture, of Prescott, Ariz., L. Box
536. writes : « For nearly two years I was a great
sufferer with ulceration and • enlargement of
womb, also suffered severely with dyspepsia an«l
was run down— a perfect wreck. I doctored for
several years; got no better. until about seven
months ago I began taking Dr. Pierce's Pavorite
Prescription and ' Pleasant Pellets. 1 I can ataad
on my feet and work bard all day. I feel that life
U now worth living, and shall ever feel grateful
: to you and shall always recommend your medi-
; ones to all who are suffering la aajr war/'
ADVEBTISEIIENTTS.
San Francisco, Thursday. 7 July, 1904.
A rocker for that
TTO ("*O "1*1 f* CT*\/'"\'f~ C£ r* 5< p*
v oA.au t iP^-O^
If another rocker is needed in the parlor or living
room,. this offer is for your special benefit. Looks
like a mahogany rocker, but is only a- clever imita-
tion, with a dainty upholstered seat. The price is . '
. . *i? ve >; ou seen ou r $2-95 kitchen table? Equipped
with bins drawers, slide boards, etc. The most con-
venient table that ever went into a kitchen.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union Squarefor the reason that the big State would
be controlled by New Mexicans — men
who were formerly Mexicans.
He wants admission for Arizona, but
would prefer to wait rather than to
lose its identity utterly by being
merged with its big neighbor. It will
be remembered that Representative
Needham of California, almost alone
among the Republicans of the House,
opposed the bill that passed that body
providing for Joint statehood of Indian
Territory and Oklahoma and Arizona
and New Mexico— four Territories, two
States. Perhaps the next session, with
the Presidential light over, will lead
the young Westerners In singly.
Attempts Suicide After Killing; Woman.
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— After cutting
the throat of Mrs. Marie Kerr, with
whom he had been living, Edgar L.
Evans, 22 years old, to-day slashed his
wrists with the same razor and then
cut his throat. , The woman Is dead
and Evans Is not expected to recover.
Bis Mining Deal Is Consummated.
DENVER, July 6. — One of the big
gest mining deals in this State in some
time was consummated, according to
a report received here to-day, by the
transfer of the stock of the Gold King
Mines Company of Silverton to the
Venture Mining Company. The price
paid is said to be $5,000,000.
Resigns Vice Presidency of Road.
NEW YORK, July 6. — At a meeting
of the directors of the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe to-day the resig
nation of Second Vice President Paul
Morton, the new Secretary of the
Navy, was accepted. ->.
He who commits injustice Is ever
rr.ade more wretched than he who suf
fers It.— Plato.
Persistent people begin the!r success
v here others end in failure. — Edward
Egglerton.
PHILADELPHIA, July 6. — Mrs.
Catherine Danz, convicted of j murder
in the first degree for poisoning her
husband, William C. Danz, was to-day
sentenced to be hanged. George Hos
sey, a negro "voodoo" doctor, was re
cently convicted and sentenced to
death In connection with Danz's death.
Must Hans for Killing Husband.
PARIS. July 6. — Foreign Minister Delcas9«»
cave a breakfast to-day at the Foreign Of flew
to Count Goluchowski. the Austrlan-Hungra
rlan Minister for Foreign Affairs. Embassador
Porter was amonj? the guests.
DENVER, Colo., July 6. — 'Mike"
Ryan, the ward politician and saloon
keeper, was killed in a saloon row at
Port Logan to-day by Michael Hooli
han. town marshal of Sheridan, who
asserts that he shot Ryan in self
defense. Ryan has served a term of
ten years In the Colorado penitentiary
for robbery.
DENVER, July 6.— A fund of $25,000
a month for the support of the ma
chinists who have been on strike on
the Santa Fe Railroad will be raised
by the • international association. The
delegates at the conventibn of the
western division of the organization
adopted a resolution to-day assessing
the members of fhe western division $1
a month until the strike is settled.
Votes Support for Striking Machinists.
NEW YORK. July 6. — In the fire
ivhich destroyed the Cammack cot
tage at Tuxedo Park. New York, the
jewels of Mrs. Bernard Steinmari of
New Orleans, worth several hundred
thousand dollars, were so damaged
that they probably will be worthless
hereafter. The cottage was valued at
nearly $1,000,000.
Fire Damages Valuable Jewels.
Citizens of a New Jersey Town Bent
on Lynching Negro Who At
tacked White Woman.
BURLINGTON, N. J., July 6.—
Thomas Jones, one of the two 'negroes
arrested last night on suspicion of hav
ing attacked Mrs. .Biddle, was to-day
identified by the victim. A large crowd
assembled in front of the City Hall ami
demanded the prisoner. The police
authorities attacked the crowd, which
dispersed and resumed the search for
Aaron Harmon, another negro* who is
believed to have been the leader of
Mrs. Biddle's three assailants. Mrs.
Biddle was unable to identify Bryan
Fox, the other suspect.
ANGRY CROWD DEMANDS
LIFE OF A PRISONER
the Number a Woman Who Is
Accused of Repeating.
DENVER, July 6.— The Grand Jury
to-day returned true bills against thir
teen persons accused of complicity in
election frauds at the city election held
on May 17 last. Among the number
was one woman, Lizzie Griffin, who i3
accused of repeating. Most of those
Indicted were judges and clerks.
Thirteen Persons Are Indicted, Among
DEXVER GRA"SD JURY
PROBES EliECTIOX FRAUDS
Clark, Republican; Missouri, Francis
M. Cockrell, Warrensburg, Democrat;
Texas, Charles A. Culberson, Demo
crat; Virginia, John W. Daniel, Demo r
crat; New York, Chauncey M. Depew,
Republican; Ohio, Charles Dick, Re
publican; Nebraska, Charles H. Deit
rlch, Republican; Washington, Addi
son G. Foster, Republican; Montana,
Paris Gibson, Democrat; Maine,
Eugene Hale, Republican; New Jersey,
John Kean, Republican; Utah, Thomas
Kearns, Republican; Massachusetts,
Henry Cabot Lodge, Republican; Mary
land, Louis E. McComas, Republican;
North Dakota, Porter T. McGumber,
Republican; Mississippi, Hermando D.
Money, Democrat; Vermont, Redfield
Proctor, Republican; Wisconsin, Jo
seph V. Guarles, Republican; Penn
sylvania, Philander C. Knox, Repub
lican; Nevada, William M. Stewart,
Republican; Florida, James P. Talia
ferro. Democrat.
These cases are not in line with that
of General Hawley, for he is to be suc
ceeded by some other, being himself
not a candidate. These others, at least
aspire to return, and will probably do
so, all save Senator Stewart, who is
likely to be succeeded by some other.
In this list are two others, Senators
Aldrich of Rhode Island and Hale ol
Maine, who have been in the Senate as
long as General Hawley— twenty-three
years — but not any who antedate him.
But there are others — one of whom has
not as yet appeared on the floor of the
Senate, Mr. Knox, who Is serving the
unexplred term of the late Senator
Quay. Senator Dick, serving out the
term of the late Senator Hanna, ranks
him but a few months. There are but
four Senators— Allison of Iowa, Cock
rell of Missouri, Hoar of Massachusetts
and Morgan of Alabama— who rank
General Hawley. They are listed in the
order named, Allison being the senior
Senator, having ' taken his seat March
4, 1873— thirty-one years of continuous
service.
And thirty-two States are to elect
Governors this fall. They are:^ Massa
chusetts and Rhode Island, to elect
for one year, the only States* that have
a gubernatorial election every fall; Ar
kansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Idaho,
Kansas, Maine/Michigan, Minne
sota, Nebraska, New Hampshire,
New York, North Dakota, South Caro
lina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas,
Vermont, Wisconsin— eighteen States
that elect for two years. New Jersey
will elect for three years, the only State
having a term of three years, and Del
aware, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Mis
souri, Montana, North Carolina, Utah,
Washington, West Virginia and Wyom
ing—eleven States that elect for, a term
of four* years. Alabama, California,
Georgia, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania and v Vir
ginia hold national and Congressional
elections without the gubernatorial, fea
ture. ; ,
The death of Senator Quay was a
severe . blow to the champions of sepa
rate . statehood for Oklahoma, . New
Mexico and Arizona. Many* of these
believed he would ultimately win if hia
health and strength remained. Gov
ernor Brodie of Arizona, who has been
in the city, for some days, is still not
without; hopes. Governor Brodie was
1 ieutenan t colon el of the Rough Riders
when the President took command.
Governor Brodie says that both Repub
licans-and* Democrats' of "Arizona are
opposed to beins Joined to New'Mexico
The winning of New York will be left
to the Republican organization of that
State with Chairman and Governor
Odell at its head, as was done four
years ago. Strong effort will be made
in West Virginia and New Jersey to
meet and offset the attacks to be made
in those States by the Democrats. Be
cause of the Democratic tiopes that
have been raised In Wisconsin and Illi
nois by Republican dissension the na
tional committee will give special at
tention to those States. Fairbanks'
power and popularity will do much to
make Indiana certain, but still some
attention will be paid to that State.
The Mormon question being prosecuted
by a Republican Congress gives some
slight anxiety that might not other
wise be felt concerning Utah and Idaho
and will call for some missionary work
there. Labor troubles in Colorado will
also provoke a more than ordinarily^
warm contest in that State. The State
Legislature, as well as the national
ticket, is the concern of the contest in
Nebraska, for there- a United States
Senator is to be chosen to succeed Sen
ator Dietrich next winter, and it Is not
denied that the ambitions of Mr.
Bryan in that direction shall be ful
filled. This Is an outline of the direction
to be taken by the labors of Chairman
Cortelyou and the national committee,
but that the result in any of the West
ern States, especially, is a matter of
real anxiety to the campaign managers
Is not suggested.
Democrats, as evidenced in the ses
sions of the .legislative campaign com
mittee of which Representative Cow
herd is chairman and which has been
actively at work here for weeks, base
consideration. For the addressing of
envelopes, the mailing of tons of liter
ature, the keeping of accounts, the in
finite detail that attends the conduct
of a national campaign an army of
small salaried clerks is needful and the
number of volunteers would indicate
a patriotism most cheering. Thera will
be a few in a number ranging ud to
500 who will earn as much as $20 a
week, but these are the captains. The
rank and file will draw down about $10.
The enlistments will not be made for
some time, however.
Campaign material is in the mean
time being turned out in quantity.ln the
form of speeches made in Congress and
Government reports showing the satis
factory status of business and labor
conditions.
CHAIRMAN OF THE NATI6I-.AL REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE. WHO WILL. DI
RECT THE COMING PRESIDENTIAL. CAMP AIGN.AND GOVERNOR OF NEW
TORK, WHO WILL LOOK AFTER AFFAIRS OF PARTY IN HIS STATE.
The early morning train from the
E;ist brought in about 600 men and
v.omen. Hundreds are arriving by
'¦very train.
BONESTEEL, S. D.. July tJ. — When
the registration office opened this
morning there were less than twen
ty-flve people in line. All night a
cold rain fell and homeseekers refused
to leave their rooms, but few being
provided with overcoats or raincoats.
But when the sun came out the home
s-^ekers appeared on the streets and
at 11 o'clock there were several hun
dred In line.
Hundreds of Land I>ocators Are Ar-
jiving by Every Train at Bone
steel. South Dakota.
RAIX KEEPS nOMESEEKEBS *
FROM REGISTRATION OFFICE
Secretary Cortelyou has established
his temporary headquarters as chair
man of the national committee at the
Arlington Hotel, which was the home
of the late Senator Hanna, his pre
decessor. Secretary Dover will remain
here continuously until about August
1, when the headquarters will be set
up in New York. In the meantime the
members of the executive committee,
not necessarily members of ihe national
committee and provided for by the
initial meeting in Chicago will be
named. The announcement will follow
a brief vacation, during which Mr.
Cortelyou will presumably be out of
dally touch with newspaper men.
The vacation is probably suggested
by the flood of applications for small
Jobs that long since set in and which
now threatens to crowd out tvery other
CORTELYOU'S QUARTERS.
The total number of the seats in the
big hall Is 10,804. Of these 2000 go to
the 2000 delegates and alternates— 2012
if Porto Rico and the Philippines are
allowed the six seats each they want.
There are 87 .boxes with 420 chairs,
tickets for which go to members of the
national committee and distinguished
Democrats. The national committee
will also distribute tickets to distin
guished guests for 604 chairs in the
arena. There are 2288 chairs in the
gallery. The Business Men's League
of St. Louis have 2000 tickets in recog
nition of their effort and money in
bringing the convention to the city.
The delegates have three seats for dis
tribution besides their own. On the
stage for still other guests are 434 seats.
Mr. Mann has on file 960 applications
for the 702 seats. Of these 584 are
from 348 daily newspapers, 330 from as
many weeklies, 40 from six press as
sociations and 6" from as many indi
viduals who sign themselves "special
correspondents." Among these last are
Joe Howard Jr. of New York, Frank
Carpenter of this city and Charles M.
Pepper of Chicago — three of the six who
are well known under that head. The
task of the committee will be to scale
down the applications. In some cases
this will be comparatively easy, as, for
instance, in that of one New York
newspaper that asked for sixteen seats.
The press seats are divided into two
sections, one for the active newspaper
men who will grind out their copy in
the face of the convention and as its
work proceeds, the other for those who
make notes or who write their impres
sions later. *
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 6.— Charles II.
Mann, who for twenty-five years has
had charge of the press gallery of the
House of Representatives, has been
employed since the adjournment of
Congress in receiving, answering and
tabulating the applications of news
papers and newspaper men for seats at
the Democratic National Convention
at St. Louis. Mr. Mann has performed
this work several times before and has
reduced it to a system. He keeps a
record of the applications^ and notes
the character, politics and circulation
of every paper, so that those who un
dertake to apportion the seats will
have all the information necessary to
guide them under their eye when he
turns over the books. To the press the
general committee has assigned 702
seats. The sub-committee of the
national committee having charge
of the distribution of these seats
is composed of Norman E. Mack
of New York, Daniel J. Campau of
Michigan, Charles A. Walsh of Iowa
and J. G. Johnson of Texas. It is not
a job any man would seek. The fact
that each of them is allowed ten tick
ets for personal distribution in consid
eration of his trouble will scarcely add
to the Joy of it once it is known that
he has them.
BY S. W. WALL.
rCEW YOIiK, July 6. — The Federal
Grand Jury to-day resumed its inves
tigation into the disaster to the
Fteamer General £looum and the con
sequent loss of more than 900 lives.
Assistant United States District At
torney Wise directed the inquiry. With
two exceptions all the witnesses sum
moned for to-day had been heard by
the Coroner's jury.
The local board of steamboat in
spectors also began investigation into
the burning of the General Sslocum to
day. James A. Dumont and Thomas
H. Barrett, inspectors of hulls and
boilers, respectively, conducted the in
vestigation.
quest TcMify* Before the Gov
ernment Body.
Witnesses Ilcnrd at the Coroner's In-
I'EDERAL GUAND .U'RY
r CODING SLOCUM AFFAIR
This is the fourth flood of the year
in Kansas. In many places It rained
nearly every other day last month and
the record this month so far has been
maintained.
TOPEKA. Kan., July 6.— The Kaw
River here rose to-day at the rate of
four inches an hour and is still rising.
Reports received from the West Indi
cate that the river will rise two feet
higher, reaching a stage of twenty feet
before it becomes stationary," and that
"Little Russia," in North Topeka, the
scene of last year's disastrous flood,
will be inundated.
The north end of the Rock Island
Railroad bridge has been partially
wrecked and Rock Island trains are
now being run over the . Santa Fe
bridge.
The Kansas River is two feet three
inches above low water mark and ris
ing at the rate of three inches an hour.
A large portion of North Topeka ' is
flooded.
In Bentley the Frisco tracks are un
der water for a distance of half a mile.
In the Douglass-avenue wholesale dis
trict cellars are flooded. The Cox-John
son-Dimond Dry Goods Company and
the Southwestern Drug Company re
port heavy losses. New dikes are build
ing along the Little Arkansas River,
but in spite of them the water broke
over Into Thirteenth street and into
Riverside Park.
Work in the stock yards to-day
stopped and the railroads were notified
that no more stock could be received.
The scales are under six inches of
water north of Wichita.
Oats are ruined and wheat fields are
covered with water. < Southwest of this
city, in the wheat section, the uncut
grain is lying flat and little of it can
be saved.
KANSAS CITY, July '6.— All Kansas
streams are rising, the result of heavy
rains in the past twenty-four hours,
and serious floods are threatened. From
two to four inches of water has fallen
during that time.
A worse flood than any that has pre
ceded is threatened at Emporia, where
both the Cottonwood and Neosho rivers
are close to the high water mark and
rising at the rate of four inches an
hour.
At Salina the river is rising and three
feet more will cover the eastern part
of the city. Dry Creek is raging and
the citizens are moving out. Farms in
the lowlands are flooded and farmers
are moving their stock to higher
ground.
At Kansas City both the Kaw and
the Missouri rivers are high and rising
rapidly. The water overflowed the low
places In Armourdale and Riverside.
No great damage is expected in the
vicinity of Kansas City, however, un
less there are further rains.
,At Leavenworth the damage to prop
erty will be heavy. There the manu
facturing district adjacent to Three
Mile Creek, along Cherokee and Choc
taw streets from Twelfth to the Mis
souri River, were flooded. Houses and
lumber yards, wagon and railroad
bridges are washed away and telephone
and telegraph wires are damaged.
, WICHITA, Kans., July 6.— With the
Little Arkansas River on the north and
west, the Arkansas River on the west
and Chisholm Creek on the east side of
the city, each higher than it was a
month go and still rising, the flood
situation here is becoming alarming.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 6.— It is reported
In ihe mininp and financial circles of
Mexico that the business relations
v hich ha\<? existed for several years
between the American Smelting and
Refining Company and the Guggenheim
Exploration Company are about to be
dissolved.
According to this report the Guseen
helros. who were largely interested in
the Mexican Smelter and Refining
Company, known as the smelter trust,
¦will retire from that concern and con
oentrate their interests in the Guggen
h<--irr. Exploration Company, which has
jrreat mining ar.d smelting interests in
Mexico and the West. This company
end the American Smelting and Re
f.nlng Company now practically control
ih* smelting business of Mexico and
during the past several months they
hav<± expended several n.illions of dol
]. !f= for mines in that country.
Important differences recently arose
between the officials of the two com
panles over the management of their
affairs in Mexico and the breach has
videned rapidly until the Guggenheims
leached a point where they decided to
withdraw from ths trust. Whether this
withdrawal will result In ine two com
l-^nies being rivals Instead of joint
concerns as now cannot ba foretold at
inis time.
(lash Over the Management
of the Business Causes
Broach in the Directorate
At Wichita the Arkansas
River Is • Rising and the
Situation Grows Alarming
PERIL
Other States that are to elect Sen
ators next winter besides Connecticut,
way down East, and California —
thirty In all — are Rhole Island, to
succeed Nelson W. Aldrich; Delaware,
to succeed Heister L. Ball; Tennessee,
to succeed "William B. Bate. Demo
crat: Indiana, Albert T. Beverldge;
Michigan, Julius C. Burrows, Repub
lican; Minnesota, Moses E. Clapp, Re
publican; Wyoming, Clarence D.
their hopes upon these' things and are
to put forth their* very best licks upon
them.
Connecticut's Legislature, to be elect
ed this fall, is to choose a successor to
Senator Hawley and this lends an
added interest to the campaign In that
State. As a chance to get to the Sen
ate comes seldom "to the ambitions of
Connecticut it Is an event. In that
State to be chosen Senator is as good
as a place on the Federal Supreme
bench — during life. General Hawley
was first elected twenty-three years
ago and only feeble health 1 attendant
upon advanced * years causes him to
vacate his Beat at the close of his pres
ent term. Senator Platt, his colleague.,
had been in his place two years when
General Hawley was elected. Both of
these patriarchs of the upper house
succeeded Democrats.
MANY AFTER TOGAS.
OFFICIALS DISAGREE
CITIES ARE IN
Report Conies From Mexico
That the Guggenlieims Are
to Ketire From Combine
Rain Is Falling Continuous
ly and Large Streams Are
Overflowing Their Banks
Democratic Leaders Spend Strenuous Days Prepar
ing for the Reception of Delegates and Attending
to the Preliminary Work of the Big Convention
FLOODS MENACE
KANSAS TOWNS
APPROACH OF THE NATIONAL CAMPAIGN
ADDS TO BURDENS OF THE POLITICIANS
SMELTER TRUST
MAY DISSOLVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.
Politician Is Killed in a Saloon Row.
3
TIIE GRASS WIDOW.
BRYSON PAINTED HER
In a typical moment. His por-
trait in oils Is so charming, his
color scheme so original and
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy we wil£ give
—FREE— — FREE—
Next Sunday. It is one of
A STRIKING SERIES
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at great cost of time,
trouble and money, the
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Has bought for its readers.
If yon fail to get a single one
of these beautiful and novel
.Brysons you will be sorry.
ADVXBTISEHEKTS.
THE FIRST STEP"
Toward recovering your health is
made when you commence taking
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
restores the stomach to a normal
condition, corrects the liver, pro-
motes bowel regularity and in-
duces restful sleep. Doctors in-
dorse and recommend it. It al-
ways cures Vomiting, Bloating,
Headache, Dyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Dizziness, Cramps and Ma-
laria, Fever and Ague. Try one
bottle and be convinced of its
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
f) visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat^
lf£USEUH OF ANATQgY^
0 6P l&:21£lSIXTE?.btt6:l*7&,S.r.Otl.0
ff g^yfck. 7, m<L W «^°«»«* f »» y roncrtned A
6 UZZzl DR * J3RCAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
T 1 , 'q If r—Ut—Otniu every catetadenake*. T
{/If \\V BABRM6E, kailfd rrr*. (AY
A I ir »»lu»b;e book far an) \
9 BK iOUOAJf A CO.. I0S1 Mm* * t lit.. IS. T. 9
ADVEB.TISE2£KNTSt
Jersey Sweaters
.^g^sc We have just received
*«ESr direct from the manufac-
turer a good assortment of
j^^£> jerseys in the latest colors.
The knitting is well done
i^^^R^lS^^ anc * the coIors are abso-
jJBB? \ *&>$ lutely fast. The jerseys
,^^SS8#^^^R will wash well and retain
. their shape. Sizes 34 to 44.
lliL #k ¦ Cotton Jerseys in gray and
W% royal blue in P lain shades and
Hi i - fanc y stri P cs at 40c
IMl, u w ,°° l / erscys in , the plain
i^^^^^^-S >«3g$ shades of nav y and g a rnet at
J^S§j^5z* * ife : ivH W'- Worsted Jerseys in plain
"'"jSaian^V -; f?V'-: M?T"?i£^|j I s ac^» garnet and navy and
IJ^B •• j -VK-V 'jJ&j^Rjs! also fancy stripes and mix-
JfsS" s IK%. i P^fe &%\ tures at $150
-;; \ .,v V- j , .'-.«; j j |v.;.» jjujn { h» • ww»
i3 ll^l LeaaSI I Fine worsted Jerseys in black I
***!$$i-?I il »'i P^s-'&i > and blue, with fancy designs j
t^||ip"A N ../ v I l:i\ on collars and cuffs ; also
Wi&^i-, [\% [ fej I striped effects at '$2.00.
ff ' W '-. - l &. i] K! I ' You wil1 find the J cr seys at
pf\* * } '-': I if] i each P ric e better than the
P* : 'i SI •'). P^ j P rice would indicate.
-¦aeaS' H^*' to^y . Out-of-town orders filled— writs us.
W *"^^^ 740 Market Street.
' ¦' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SALESW5mAN~~ \
AND THE WORKING GIRL.
Compelled to Be on Her Feet the Larger Part
of the Day Finds a Tonic in Pe-ru-ii-fl. v
Miss Curtain, of St. 111^ 1 ; ¦¦¦¦uw^m»j^«
Paul, Gives Her /"iSiliSf^i^kN •&jfVF<£jb *vv >
VfWM^^^Mi^y^^^l W%W lt ls that "on-n afT.icted with catarrhal
fflK| Itili/VW nSSv'Vk S affections of th* pelvic orjrnns feel tired
r^&ijplffiar an<1 lan " uid - wlth WPak bark and throb -
; ' J blng brain. A course of Peruna is sura
to restore health by cutting off the weak-
\C.' '.-'. r 3r en ' n S drain of the daily loss of mucous.
T MlSS Nellie Curtain 'J. An Admirable Tonic.
" ¦ Mrs. H. Kassatt, 1309 W. 13th Street,
MISS NELLIE CURTAIX, 646 Pearl Dea Hoines, la., for over ten years th«
street, St. Paul, Minn., head manager of a plant furnishing ladies'
saleswoman in a department wear and employing hundreds of women,
store, writes: . writes: "Two years ago I felt that I
... . . V ¦/ . . . j must take a long rest, as I had been nn-
/ have charge of a department in a dry able to work for over a month couM
goodc store, and after standing the largsr not regain my strength. I could not
part of the day, I would go home with a sleep and was in a very nervous, high
dull ache, generally through my entire strun s condition. I decided to try Pe-
t$-Jr? Tr r, fnl r mtich -"» i£™»v?^:7«i?:%,
better that I walk to and from the store to take up my work again, and felt bet-
no if. I know Peruna to be the best medicine ter than I have for years."
on the market for the 'diseases peculiar to Thousands of women have catarrh trt
women."- Miss Nellie Curtain. " om ° , c l haracte , r an . d don>t know "• w «
have thousands of testimonials like tha
Nothing is so weakening to the human above touching the merits of Peruna as
system as the constant loss of mucous, a remedy for all catarrhal diseases. Do
Catarrhal inflammation of the mucous not delay. Buy Peruna to-day, for a day
membrane produces an excessive forma- gained means a day so much nearer re-
tion of mucous. Whether the mucous C °\V%x do not derive prompt and satis^
membrane be located in the head or pel- factory results from th« use of Perunaw
vie t organs, the discharge of mucous is write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
sure to occur. full statement of your case, and he will
This discharge of mucous constitutes 5^^ tO glva you his V8luaW « ad "
a weakening drain; the system cannot Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
; long withstand the loss of mucous; hence Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
JfT keef ; ast trains^!
|| jg Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago 8 North-western Rys. H S
P IL Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment J& jfy
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; ffa?
all meals in dining cars. - J& ff
\2». For sleeping car reservations, tickets and Information j£& mm
WL/*^g. apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to
*®k^Pv R. R. RITCHIE, G:n-ral Acent. JiTjffir
CHICAGO ft NORTH-WESTERN RY.
'TdL^^^^Sfc^ 617 Market St. mw:sContinued From Page- 1,- Column 5.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
VICTORY FOB PARKER,
there were cries of "This is a white
man's country." . So great did the
noise become that the sergeant at
arms went down into the hall and
ordered the aisles cleared. But the
police had difficulty in carrying out
these instructions. Mr.. Williams had
been speaking an hour and twenty
minutes.
"Now, a few words in conclusion."
%aid Mr. Williams, "and if you are as
pleased to hear that conclusion as I am
to conclude, this will' be the most de
lighted audience that ever existed."
Mr. WilliAms spoke but a few words
more and concluded his address greatly
exhausted. v The perspiration was
j streaming from his face, his collar was
I a soft, white roll of linen, his voice was
j worn to a frazzle, and could not be
j heard twenty feet from where he stood
as he finished his speech. ;
As he finished after speaking for one
hour and forty minutes, the band
struck up a melody of patriotic airs
the stirring strains of "Dixie" calling
forth the wild cheers that never fall
to follow the song no matter where or
when rendered.
"The delegates are invited to visit
the exposition," said Mr. Williams
"and the clerk will read the invitation/'
BRYAN IS SILENT.
The last few words were lost in cries
of "Bryan, Bryan." that came swift
and thick from different parts of the
hall. Cheers mingled with the calls
and it was fully a minute before the
voice of the clerk was able to rise
above the tumult. Mr. Bryan remained
quietly In his seat during the demon
stration made by his friends and gave
no outward sign of his recognition of
the applause that had greeted his
name.
Delegate Powers of Michigan was
recognized by Chairman Williams to
return the thanks of the* convention to
the exposition for the courtesy shown
and made a brief speech of acknowl
edgment. The motion to accept the in
vitation when, Mr. Powers concluded
was'adopted unanimously.
,' Sergeants at arms delivered bundles
of exposition tickets to the chairmen of
the delegations. When the ticket pass-
ers had nearly finished their task the
chairman announced that the roll of
States would be called, each State as
its \ name was called to send up to the
chairman's desk the names of Its com
mltteemen elected in caucus.
While the roll call was in progress,
the spectators, concluding that the
spectacular scenes of the convention
were over for the day. streamed out
by thousands. The noise of their exit
and the talking throughout the hall
was so general that the clerks could
be heard with great difficulty. The
announcement of Mr. Bryan as a mem
ber of the resolutions committee from
Nebraska called forth a cheer.
David B. Hill's name as a member
from New York also brought applause,
After announcing time and places for
the various committee meetings, a mo
tion was made by Bourke Cockran that
the convention adjourn until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning. The motion was
adopted and the convention adjourned
at 2:50 o'clock.
The way to Parker's nomination on
the first ballot has been cleared and
the plan made. While the Hearst men
are still claiming that they have
pledges from more than 400 delegates
not to vote or Parker, the managers of
Parker claim to have more than 700
votes pledged to his nomination on any
ballot desired. V
Somebody is mistaken In the count.
The burden of proof ia on the protest
ants. The States on which they have
relied are slipping away from them.
Maryland and Michigan deserted them.
Then followed Pennsylvania. The Mich
igan delegation was anti-Parker,
though not for Hearst. To-day the
delegation, by a majority of one. de
cided to vote for Parker on the first
ballot and then caucus after each bal
lot. The first ballot will be all that ia
necessary, say the Parker masasera.
mitted himself to be taken • from the
hall by two officers. ... ¦
Padden, who gave his name' as Tim
Murphy of St. Louis, said. that he en-,
deavored to assist In securing quiet,
but his efforts were misunderstood.
' For several minutes after the Mur
phy Incident the demonstration con
tinued. ' Finally in desperation Mr.'
Williams threatened discontinuation
Of his speech. • ¦• •'
"You have placed" me here. I am
your servant. If ybu don't want me
to continue, it is your pleasure," he
cried. \ This announcement .was ef-"
fectlve and Mr. Williams secured con
trol, the demonstration that hie men
tion of Cleveland had - caused dying
slowly out. .
Then he stated ' that he had heard
that Dewey, Schley and Miles . were
Democrats^ that, a Republican ad
ministration had snubbed the first,
tried to disgrace the second and in
sulted the third, and the convention
again broke out into shouts and ap
plause. By this time Mr. Williams'
voice was failing. It grew weaker and
he was heard with difficulty, even by
those near the platform. .
Mr. Williams' flow of oratory was
uninterrupted for some time. A re
sponse of applause followed his de
nunciation of the Republican claims
of prosperity because of the tariff.
NOISE REIGNS SUPREME.
Cries of "Louder" were again
heard in various parts of the hall.
"I wish I had the lungs to speak
louder, but I cannot," Mr. Williams
answered. : J. -'ir.1
"What did you say?" came a voice
from the gallery. '
. ; So rapidly did the noise increase
that Mr. Williams began to address
himself directly to the persons on the
platform. This brought forth from
the galleries loud cries ~of "Time", and
''Louder." .^
Mr. Williams., with all the voice he
had left* turned to the audience arid
began to talk upon the race question.
When he referred to the < incident at
the Republican convention, when a
colorutf child, and a white child were
both on the, , platform . w.aying flags,
FRESNO. July 6. — Fred H. Sinclair.
a shoemaker of Fresno, has Just been
notified by a Scotch law firm that Ma
jor Sinclair of the Twelfth Foot, First
Battalion of the Seaforth Highlanders,
who died ninety-three years ago, left
a fortune which has acumulated to the
amount of £300,000. and that his share
as.heir will be £65,000, or $325,000.
The old shoemaker does not expect
to sit cross-legged and peg away much
longer. Major Sinclair was a member
of a well-known family at Wick. He
entered the army at an early age and
went to India. He was killed in a
small engagement and his estate waa
never claimed. An Edinburgh firm of
lawyers has made Investigations and
located the lawful heirs to the im
mense fortune. Sinclair of this city
was located through his sister, who
lives in Scotland. Sinclair himself waa
a member of the Seaforth Highlanders
and fought in India under Roberts.
Estate Left Ninety Years
Aco.
Humble Cobbler Will Share In Largo
FRESNO SHOEMAKER FALLS
HEIR TO GREAT FORTUNE
Convention Xewg on Pago 13.
even by those who have heretofore de
clined to be convinced, „ The nomina
tion of Judge/Earker for President is
assured beyond a possibility of doubt.
LEADERS COME IN UNNOTICED.
The arrival of dignitaries attracted
comparatively little attention. David
B. Hill, chairman of the New York del
egation, and other boomers of Parker,
Tammaay leader Murphy, Bryan, Dem
ocratic members of the Senate, and
many others prominent in national af
fairs and conspicuous before the coun
try took their places in the hall prac
tically unnoticed.
Many persons of distinction were
g*iven places on the platform. Among
the distinguished visitors were Mrs.
Charles Mercer Hale, daughter of Judge
Parker; Mrs. Daniel Manning, Circuit
Attorney Folk of SL Louis and District
Attorney Jerome of New York; former
Senator Reagan, the only surviving
member of the Jefferson Davis Cabinet;
Senator Bacon of Georgia and Senator
Bailey of Texas; former Governor D.
R. Francis of Missouri, president of
the Louisiana 'Purchase Exposition,
and Governor Millen of Tennessee.
Little political scheming was in pro
gress on the floor of the convention
hall. The anti-Parker delegates, were
With the exception of the tinder
ignited by the mention of Cleveland
the speech of the temporary chairman
was received practically without in
terruption. A few passages were ap
plauded, but that was all. The fault
was not with the speech, but prin
cipally with the acoustic conditions In
the hall. The applause which greeted
Williams at the conclusion of his
speech attested his popularity with the
delegates. Though they had heard only
a part of what was said the cheering
by delegates and spectators amounted
to an ovation.
POPULARITY OF WILLIAMS.
so much in the minority that there ap
peared to be no basis for clever manip
ulation.- The action of Ohio late last
night, closely following Pennsylvania's
declaration for the New York jurist,
and the "band wagon" tendency dis
played by other delegations which had
been counted in the anti-Parker ranks
had a telling effect upon the opposition.
Though the opponents professed not to
be disheartened by stories of Parker
gains and continued to claim that more
than one-third of the delegates had
pledged themselves never to vote for
Parker, few persons could be found
who are willing to listen to those who
were backing the field against the fa
vorite.
CLEVELAND IS THE CONVENTION'S IDOL
SEXATOR WHO REFUSED THE PERMANENT CHAIRMANSHIP OF THE CON
VENTION. HEAD OF THE RESOLUTIONS COMMITTEE AND CALIFOR
NIA'S BEPRESENTATIVE IN THAT BODT. -
er, louder!" interrupted him as he be
gan, his clear but not powerful voice
at first failing to reach all parts of the
hall.
As Mr. Williams proceeded his voice
increased in volume and the delegates
listened attentively.
The convention appeared considera
bly amused at. Mr. Williams' humor
ously sarcastio reference to the "mu
tual admiration society" of Roosevelt
and Root, and when he read a eulogy
by the President on Mr. Root the dele
gates laughed and applauded. Mr. Wil
liams spoke In an Ironical tone that
caught the fancy of the convention and
he was interrupted time and again by
laughter. ?
Cheering was evoked by the speak
er's statement that Mr. Roosevelt had
found praise for only three Presidents,
"George Washington, Abraham Lincoln
and himself," and when he asked if the
"Hell-roaring Jake" Smith order was
a sample of the moral sentiment for
which the Republicans stood a lusty
cheer, broke forth. ¦ . ¦•
CONVERSATION HUMS.
A great part of Mr. Williams' speech
was delivered under great difficulties,
for the speaker and those of his hear
ers who were supposed to be most di
rectly interested in his remarks. The
aisles leading past the delegates were
packed by dense throngs, who kept
up a constant hum of conversation that
smothered Mr. Williams' voice. Po
licemen who were stationed in this
space around the platform to keep
others away did it by occupying the
space themselves to the exclusion of -all
others. Several' times the speaker
stopped and asked that the talking
cease, in order that he might make
himself better understood.
i Passing from the discussion of Mr.
j Root's speech, the speaker took up the
i Republican platform.
Mr. Williams drew a picture of the
country's condition at the' time of
President Cleveland's first inaugura
tion, declaring that much of the dis
tress that came in the early nineties
was due to Republican misrule that
had gone before, under Benjamin Har
rison. He said for three years all hope
| had well nigh vanished from the bus
iness world. He scored the attitude of
the Republican party on the financial
question, declaring that it had been
full of inconsistencies «and absurdities.
He mentioned the name of Mr. Bryan
in discussing the price of wheat dur
ing the. first Bryan-McKinley cam
paign. The utterances of the speaker
caused a little applause and some
cheers.' A second later he Mentioned
the name again and the. applause was
not repeated.
A mention of the name of Grover
Cleveland was cheered lustily, a mo
ment later the first scene of the ses
sion occurred. Mr. .Williams declaring
that it was brazen effrontery for the
Republican party to attempt to seize
the laurels of Grover Cleveland. ' A
great outburst of applause followed,
cheer after cheer was heard in the hall
and although the chairman used the
gavel vigorously the convention was
soon beyond his control.
/New Hampshire delegates climbed
upon their seats and yelled vigorously.
One Iowa man of the Hearst delegation
from that commonwealth stood up and
waved his hat frantically and a wild
chorus answered him.
CLEVELAND'S NAME CHEERED.
"Three cheers for Grover Cleveland,"
shouted an Alabama delegate, and they
came with genuine power and en
thusiasm. No cry came from Ne
braska, where Mr. Bryan and his
friends sat quietly without taking part
In the demonstration. Again and again
the cheers came in dense volume,
despite numerous cries of "Order, or
der," and the ponderous pounding of
the chairman's gavel.
Then Mr. Williams stood back and
watched the scene he had created. As
the cheers and cries fell there were
renewed cries and the demonstration
lasted eight minutes.
"Mike" Padden of New York, from
'Congressman Tim Sullivan's district
I standing in the center aisle and en
couraging the demonstration, .was first
; requested to take his seat and then
! ejected from the hall by John I. Martin.
\ sergeant at arms. .Padden was rushed
toward the platform by Martin through
the railing and through a narrow stair
way which led under the stage. An
other encounter between Padden and
Martin took place in the passageway
under the stage... Padden then per-
The commlttee.'by a unanimous vote,
decided to recommend to the conven
tion that the delegates from Porto
Rico be allowed to vote. A proposal
that the same privilege be given to the
delegates from the Philippines was de
feated, 13 to 15. The committee applaud
ed the remark that the Democrats
hoped to see the Philippines electing:
their own President, while Porto Rico
was indlssolubly bound to the United
States.
Rules Committee Will Oppose Rccosj
<* nition of the Inlands.
ST. LOUIS, j'uly 6.— The rules com
mittee of the convention, by a vote of
26 to 6. decided not to abrogate the
two-thirds vote for candidates in the
convention and rejected a proposition
for a majority vote.
PHILIPPINES SHUT OUT.
"But there's a time coming. There
will be a convention in California in
the near future and there may also
be opportunity here. Tarpey's fight for
unit rule has met defeat at our hands.
We will vote till the crack of doom.
if necessary, for Hearst. Theae inci
dents have not shaken our loyalty to
him, but should he withdraw Tarpey
will find that all his otjper interests are
not ours. Let Tarpey try to cast our
vote on any question but that of
Hearst for President and he will hear
a demand for a roll call."
Regarding the nomination, Tarpey
did not seem so sanguine to-night.
"We are now in Missouri." he said,
"and the Parker people have got to
show us. We have the promise of the
support of sufficient delegates to pre
vent the nomination of Parker and if
these men keep their word Parker is
as good as out of the fight. But some
times the word of a man is not kept."
To-morrow D. M. Delmas will pre
sent for the consideration of the com
mittee on platform and resolutions a
plank in reference to national aid in
the development of the great empire
that lies between the California border
and the Missouri River. He is confi
dent It will be favorably acted upon.
Delmas has completed the speech oy
which he will place Hearst in nomina
tion. Californians that have enjoyed
the eloquence of Delmas anxiously
await this effort, which, they believe,
will be the greatest of his career.
of M. K. Young, chairman of the Los
Angeles County Central Committee.
"Again we recalled to Mr. Tarpey
the fact that in his fight for control
of, the State Central Committee we
immediately heeded his appeal for
proxies and placed In his hands the
proxy of every Los Angeles man that
could not be present on the day the
issue was decided. We also recalled
to him the fact that, prior to the vote
on the instruction resolution In the
Santa Cruz convention, McNab called
upon us and his offers would have won
over any less loyal men. Mr. Garner,
who stands here, and the rest of the
southern delegates will bear me out."
Mr. Garner nodded in affirmation and
McCarthy continued:
Not a cent will they pay, they say.
Tarpey is angry, clear through. He
has said nothing yet, but all are stand
ing clear of the magazine of his wrath
In interested anticipation.
"Let me give you some history." said
J. Harvey McCarthy to-day. "It was
Tom McCaffery and I that met Tarpey
in Los. Angeles when he went to line
up the southern delegation In favor of
instmctions for Hearst. Without Mc-
Caffery, who is my best friend (I will
say nothing of my own achievements),
the pro-Hearst resolution in the Santa
Cruz convention would have, been de
feated. It was McCaffery alone that in
fluenced the San Diego delegation to
stand behind Tarpey in his battle.
''Not only did I have tfie support of
the entire southern delegation in my
ambition to secure appointment on
some 'honorable committee, but I
brought here with me a letter from
McCaffery. in which he voiced his
especial desire that my request be
granted. To make my position strong
er, I brought with me the indorsement
The turning-down of the delegates
that came from south of Tehachapi in
their fight for representation on com
mittees, particularly J. Harvey Mc-
Carthy, has made and will make more
Democratic history in California. An
gered beyond reconciliation by what
they brand as Tarpey's ingratitude, the
south of Tehachapi delegates met to
day and repudiated the assessment res
olution, which required that each dele
gate contribute $75, and each alternate
$50 toward the expense fund.
Those that put themselves on record
were Martin C. Marsh, J. Harvey Mc-
Carthy, Joseph Simons and Martin
Betkouski, of Los Angeles; R. F. Gar
ner of San Bernardino and Judge W. E.
Shepherd of Ventura.
"If the north is going to strut under
all the honors, let it pay for the inci
dental expenses," they say; "let it pay
for the chromos of Hearst that gaze
down from the walls of the headquar
ters; let it pay for the flags that frame
the chromos, for the draperies, the
bunting, the servants, and the service."
RISE OF THE TARPEY IRE.
The action of the California dele
gation in repudiating: Tarpey's de
mand is fraught with significance.
Tarpey makes the claim that from
first to last the Hearst and affiliated
forces can hold 400 votes away from
Parker. California must now be elim
inated from his calculations, for
should Hearst withdraw from the
fight, as it is believed he will after the
first ballot, the Californians may scat
ter where they will. Nothing remains
to hold them to the radicals. Tarpey
is taking on a worried, tired look in
consequence.
Led by W. J. McGee, J. Harvey Mc-
Carthy and Martin C. Marsh, those
that opposed the unit rule lined up.
Tarpey stormed^ and argued. Some
yielded to hig desire, but when it came
to a vote Tarpey met defeat and the
rebelling wing of the delegation had
won its first victory. Tarpey has been
stripped of the power to tie them to
some other raidcal candidate in an
effort to delay the nomination of a
conservative. '
WILL ABANDON TARPEY.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS, July 6.—
Though Its little cry died the hour of
its birth, the California delegation'3
entry into the convention hall to-day
was triumphant. But its triumph was
not won on the floor of the Coliseum;
its significance was not political. It
was the tribute of the guests In the
balcony and the gallery to the Califor
nia wines and fruits they had tasted at
headquarters and their, expression of
belief in the tales of .the flowers and
sunshine of the farthest West.
But the wines cannot drown nor the
sunshine dissipate the woes of the del
egation. Prior to the march to the
convention hall this morning another
merry row forced wider the breach be
tween the warring delegates, ' and
Chairman Tarpey met his first decisive
defeat since the delegation left the
West. Tarpey demanded that the del
egation adopt the unit rule. In this
many of the delegates saw a scheme to
trade them like chattels after Hearst
has been eliminated from the fight.
Under instructions the delegation is a
unit for Hearst, but the tie binds them
no farther.
BY FREDERIC W. BISTIOP
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
ST. LOT'IS, July 6.— The Democratic
Nrticnal Convention convened here to
day in the Exposition building. This
mor.ster meeting place, within the walls
of which Democracy's standard bear
ers are to be named, was the Mecca
for all whose interest here centers in
the convention. The scenes of activity
have been transferred from the hotels
to this one common point. The corri
dors of the former, wherein for sev
eral days past all has been excitement,
vcre deserted soon after the morning
hours.
Long before the donrs were swung
open vast crowds thronged the streets
in the vicinity of the main entrance.
In the surging line were men and
women and visiting political organiza
tions eagerly seeking entrance. Those
vher have charge of the distribution
of the tickets for admission have been
deluged with requests for them, but. as
cards have been provided only To the
extent of the seating: capacity of the
haH, many persons were disappointed.
The preliminary skirmishes have
taken place and the big contest for the
Domination for President is now cm in
earnest. The decoration of the con
vention hall was "undertaken on a most
elaborate scale and the pleasing and
effective color scheme has been carried
out to the minutest details. The great
dome ceiling, which rises high above
the floor, is covered with a fabric of
solid yellow, with here and there
flounces of a fvhite material carrying
out the architectural design. Within
"each of the sections of the ceiling is
the star of one of the States and a
Ftnnd of ci.-lors, while the front of the
pallery spaces are festooned with white
cloth. The walls are adorned with the
rational emblem, forming a frame for
the colossal color picture overhead. The
Eplendor of the various colored gowns
worn by the large number of ladies
occupying seats in the" galleries gave
the finishing touch and completed a j
scene both spectacular and picturesque. ;
"With the exception of bouquets on the
tables of the chairmen, plants were
"rot in evidence. The hall is an im
mense amphitheater. The accommo- ,
datior.s for the general public, and es
pecially for the press, are much more j
complete than they w?re at the Chi- j
cago convention and the best for the j
latter that have ever been provided at j
a national convention, every facility 1
for the reporting of the proceedings j
end the prompt dispatch of news to !
the world at large being afforded.
SEATING ARRANGEMENTS.
The participants in the convention j
proceedings occupy positions on the \
main .floor, which forms an ellipse, the j
chairman's platform, with ample seat- i
ing capacity, rising at the center in the !
rear. The section allotted to the dele- ]
grates is directly in front of this plat
form. A large standard — a red, white i
and blue disk— designates the location j
of the vari-jus delegations by States ¦
and incidentally adds to the attractive- j
iiess of the spectacle. '•
On either side of the delegates' posi- j
tion provision has been made for the j
alternates, the press peats being lo
cated on the immediate sides of the
chairman's platform.
Directly opposite the platform and in
the rear of the delegates is a stand,
where a band of thirty pieces played
throughout the convention, filling in
the gaps with stirring music.
The galleries encircle the ellipse, the
seats riFing in tiers. Seats on the plat
form and one section of the gallery
immediately in Its rear are reserved
for Governors, members of Congress.
Mayors of cities and others of distin
tinguishr-d prominence In the party. A
hospital has been provided in the ante
rooms and is fully equipped with all
rr.edical stores and surgical appliances
snd with a corps of doctors and trained
nursrs.
Naturally, the opening speech of John
Sharp Williams of Mississippi, leader
of the minority on the floor of the Na
tional House of Representatives and
chosen by the Democratic National
Committee for temporary chairman,
•was awaited with keen interest, as he
had been delegated to sound the key
note of the campaign and as it was
known that he would deal with ques
tions which will be of vital Impor
tance in the coming struggle for party
supremacy.
A stream of visitors and a drizzle of
delegates were passing into the hall an
hour before the time set for the open
ing of the convention. The anxious
ones hurried to plant themselves in
their seats before any other person
ehould pre-empt them.
Even before one-tenth of *<» dele
pates had arrived the hall had become
uncomfortably warm. The windows]
which are on only one side, open but
half way and are on the level of the
top row of seats in the gallery ¦
NEW YORK IN FRONT ROW. I
In drawing for seats Pennsylvania i
and Michigan were the fortunate ones, I
securing the locations directly in j
front of the speaker's stand. Two- I
thirds of the way back to the rear
was Nebraska. New York was i n j
the front row. Just to the left of j
Michigan. Indiana was directly be
hind New York, while Massachusetts J
fared the worst of any of the "great ;
States, being in the last row. By the |
time the hall was one-third full the j
heat be~an to increase to a noticeable j
degree. The auditorium from the j
speaker's stand was one flutter as the '
palmk-af fans bobbed back and forth, j
The delegates lost but UtUe time In '
;. doffing their coats. With the excep
¦ tion of the temperature, which was a
'serious drawback to the illusion, the
! effect was not unlike. a slow snowfall
! gradually whitening, the surface of the
j ground.
The nr.°t . ripple of applause that
i went across the convention hall came
I from the galleries when the Texas del
egation marched in bearing the flag
of red, white and blue, with the single
star. A white silk banner bearing the
i inscription "Florida Democracy Safe
i and Sound" was borne into the hall
j shortly after Texas had arrived and
I was also greeted with applause. This
j was live minutes before 12, and up to
I that time not a hand clap had been
i offered to any man who had entered
! the hall. The platform .was crowded
with members of'the National Com
| mittee. But the crowd paid no atten
i tion to them. The Philippine delega
j tion came in with their banner, which
was uot floating free like those which"
had entered before it. It was an
j American fiv.g of silk wrapped closely
I around the staff and tied hard and fast.
(This was done, according to one of the
; Philippine delegation, "with deliberate
j intent," as if to show that the Dem
, ocratic convention did not recoznize
: the Philippines as a part of the nation.
Chairman Guffey ""of Pennsylvania
j strode in closely behind the Philip
i pine Slag and was heartily cheered.
Not a note of music was heard in
1 the hall during the long wait between
{ the opening of the doors and the fall
J of the gavel. The concert which
; usually enlivens the prelude was ab
! sent and it was just before noon that
a band marched into the gallery just
! opposite the platform. Its leader sev
| eral times flourished his baton to
! strike up a tune, but the energy of
: Chairman Jones in expediting the pro
i ceedings left no place for the band.
HARD TO GET ORDER.
Exactly at noon Chairman J. K.
J -Tries of the National Committee called
the Democratic convention to order.
] His appearance on the platform and
i the sound of his gavel brought forth' a
¦ cheer f roni the floor and gulleries.
Chairman Jones directed the ser
: geant at arms to procure order. He
! continued rapping: the table with his
i gavel, but It was some time before
' quiet reigned. California's appearance
; with a huge silken banner and silk
i American flag and a yell, "California,
! California:" "Hearst, Hearst, Hearst!"
1 caused cheering. Just as the Califor
; nia delegation reached its reservation
I after marching up and down the cen
i ter aisle William Jennings Bryan, who
j had come in unnoticed, arose in his
place and was given a cheer. ! Then
| an enterprising member of the Mon-
I tana delegation created a diversion by
! vigorously ringing a cowbell.
Again Chairman Jones demanded
; that the convention be in order and at
i once directed the secretary to read the
, call for the convention. Applause fol
! lowed the reading of the call. After
| quiet was restored Chairman Jones an
j nounced that the convention would be
j opend by prayer by Rev. John E. Can-
I non, pastor of the Grand-avenue Bap
! tist Church of St. Louis.
The prayer was as follows:
Almighty God. our Father which art In
h+av«?n. in all cur ways we would acknowledge
tho<? in <jrd.»r that thou mayest direct our
paths. 'We bow oursel% - es In thy presence and
acknowledge thee as the God i:i whose hands
our breath U end whose are .ill our wayi. Lift
thou up the llcht of thy countenance upon us
and bless us first of all In the forgiveness of
all our tins. Turn our hearts from evory evil
way and Incline uk to the way of thy statutes.
Humbly and gratefully w» acknowledge thee
ae thf trmrce. of all our blers'.nes: the giver
of every good and perfect gift. \W thank thee
for thy unfailing snudnpss to us a« a people.
Thou ha«t dc-alt kindly .acd wejl with thy ser
vants. Thou hast cast our lot In a pleasant
land and we have a goodly heritage. May we
possess it in thy fear. Hay we have the bless
edness of rriort people whose Ood Is the Lord.
Give us the righteousness which exalteth a
nation and save us from sin which Is a re
proach to any people. Let peace and plenty
prevail within all our. borders, and let right
eousness and Justice be our sure defense.. Let
Ihi- wickedness of the wicked come to an end.
Caure strife and oppression to cease out of
our land. Drive evil men from places of hon
or and power, and let the righteous be exalted
in thf-fr stead. God of our fathers, bless us as
a people and make us a blessing to all the na
tions of the earth.
Oh. thou Master of assemblies, let thy bless
ing come upon this convention. Guide thess
representative* of the people by thy counsel.
Replenish them with- wisdom which Is from
] above, whlcb is first pur*-, then peaceable, easy
to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits,'
without partiality and without hypocrisy.
Drive out of every breast all unworthy pas
sions and prejudices and ambitions and let all
be. controlled by holy passion for the right, and
l"t such conclusions be reached and euch ac
tion taken aa shall be In harmony with thy
will for th« glory of thy name and our coun
try's good. We humbly ask In the name of
Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.
During the invocation the convention
stood. Dr. Cannon's voice was entirely
Inadequate to reach even to the center
of the hall. The prayer occupied sev
eral minutes.
WILLIAMS TAKES CHAIK.
. Enthusiastic cheering greeted the
chairman's announcement that he was
directed by the National Committee to j
appoint John Sharp Williams tempo- !
rary chairman, C. A. Walsh temporary
secretary and John T. Martin tempo
rary sergeant at arms,
r The chair appointed Colonel John M.
I Guffey of Pennsylvania and M. F. Tar
j ppy of California to escort Mr. Wil-
I Hams to the chair. As the platform
j was inclosed by,a railing it was nec-
I essary for the committee and Mr. Wil
| Hams to climb over the railing. The
i committee lifted Mr. Williams safely \
j over and the entire convention burst i
I into cheers as he ascended the plat- i
; form. . :
j "I have the honor to introduce to you '
; John S. Williams as temporary chair- |
j man," raid Chairman Jones, and again '
j the convention cheered. ¦
Mr. Williams was attired in. a light!
'gray suit and a. white waistcoat. He'
j delivered his address calmly and with- |
out gestures. Several cries of "Loud- i
'Mike" Padden of New York, Ringleader
of Most Distracting Disturbance, Is
Forcibly Dragged Out of
the Hall.
INDIFFERENT ATTENTION
IS PAID THE SPEECH OF
JOHN SHARP WILLIAMS
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION
MUTINIES AND TARPEY
LOSES IN HOT SKIRMISH
Contingent Votes to Abandon Unit Rule
> After Presidential Aspirations
of" Hearst Have Been
CHATTER OF DELEGATES MARS EFFECTIVENESS OF TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN'S ORATORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY. JULY 7. WOl.
4THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL,. THURSDAY, JULY 7, 190*.
Continued on Pase 0, Column 1,
A greater- falsehood waa never uttered than
that wheat went . up "because McKinley was
elected." Things bad struck rockbottom and
Do not misunderstand me. A panic, of
course, la not succeeded all at once by the
golden hues of prosperity. Industrial depres
sion must follow it for a while, as depression
must precede it. So depression continued until
when? As I have said, when the. boll bursts
and t h? poison Is eliminated from the body
commercial the flesh begins to heal. It can
not begin to heal one minute earlier. The
process of recovery was aided ,by many, for
us, fortuitous circumstances. The first of these
was famine in India — no Indian wheat to com
pete ln the European markets with
our?. Simultaneously with an Immense
American crop of wheat and small
crops elsewhere, wheat rose from about 48
cents to about 70 rents In a few weeks during
the Bryan-McKtnley campaign, while Cleve
land was yet President. There is not a man
within the sound of my voice that does not
remember that. With 70-eent wheat farmers
could pay the retailers' debts due them; and
the retailers could buy more goods; the-re
tailers with empty shelves or shelves becom
ing empty by sales could order from the Job
bers: the Jobbers, who had been overstocked,
were enabled then to order from the factories.
When the factories got orders then they had
a reason for making goods and they proceeded
to make them, and then the wheels of indus
try went round. The farmer in the wheat
country with 70-cent wheat could pay the
"baker, the butcher and the candlestick-mak
er," ar.d then they ccuid pay others and they
in tvrn could buy mere goods. This endless
chain of human relationship In the world of
commerce is no mysterious thing to anybody
except the platform making politician.
But wheat going up had another effect.
When wheat went up during the campaign,
while Mlver bullion went down, there was
furnished a seeming object lesson of the In
accuracy of the contention of Mr. Bryan and
his followers, of whom I was one, that ther»
was necessarily a connection ln price between'
the two. Western and border State farmers
In the wheat belt, who had originally been
Republicans anyhow, and who had gone off
from the Republican party because* of their
belief in this very theory, began to leave tho
Bryan column and Join the McKinley column,
first by the doren. then by the score then
by the hundreds and then in shoals. Thus it
came about that Mr. McKinley was elected
because wheat went up and because the going
up of. wheat and the consequent Increased de
mand for ' . other ~- things, leading to • higher
prices and a better volume of trade, promised
to their ntlnds prosperity without free silver.
GREAT INCREASE OF GOLD.
I waa not one of those who thought the
legislation adopted wise, but. wine or other
wise, the result Is an accomplished fact, plain,
palpable and obvious to ail men who have
common sense, and, like many another step
in history, it Is beyond recall. This accom
plished fact was the accomplished fact of a
gold basis then, not by the Republican party,
but by the dogged persistency and Indomitable
will of Grover Cleveland, aided, it Is true,. by
Republican legislators, who thought they saw
In it the final disruption of the Democratic
party. That was in the main their motive.
Ntfw they would "steal his thunder" and this
Republican platform boasts that It was the
Republican party which established the gold
basis. Moreover,' they would now eat their
words and their votes of 1803 and tell us
that th? panic was not brought about as they
then said, by "lack of confidence in our money
and too much silver," but, forsooth, by a
tariff act which was not passed until more
than a year after, to wit, in 180+, when the
panic — that is. the acute and fright stage cf
depression — was virtually over.
repeal of the purchasing clause of the Sher
man act.. This ncstrum was suggested by wise
men and it was administered to the patient.
It did no good, of course. The panic went on;
went on until when? Until the boll upon the
body commercial having burst, the i-oison of
speculation, boom 'values and credit operations
were released from the system. It went on
until agriculture, the basic Industry, revived.
In the midst of the panic all tho wise men,
and chief among them the Republican leaders,
told us It was the lack of confidence In the
money of the country that had brought on the
panic. Tho Democratic administration with a
sufficient number of votes of both parties in
the two houses beyond it took that view of
the situation and demanded and secured the
passage of the act repealing the purchasing
clause cf the Sherman act. thereby, for the
first time, practically establishing the gold
standard In tho United States. Without either
free or limited coinage of standard silver
money, tho cc.intry was. Immediately after
the passage of that act. necessarily and actu
ally, as It has been Blnce. and fs now. and
as it ls destined to remain for a length cf
tlm«» beyond my power of computation, on a
gold basis.
MAN' WHO CALLED CONVENTION
TO ORDER AND ITS TEMPO
RARY PRESIDING OFFICER.
had begun to revive before McKinley was
• elected, and the first Infallible test of that
fact was the rise ln the price of wheat, fol
lowed by the rise of other agricultural pro
ducts. Then came the immense Increase of j
gold that kept prices up here and elsewhere. I
Xot only Is the bonst that Mr. MoKinley's elec
tion was responsible for high prices not true,
but It ls a very dangerous falsehood. The
Populists" first told the people ln certain sec
tions of this country that prosperity waa chiefly
dependent on government. Some men nreacn
the doctrine with the hope that during periods
of prosperity the average man. will let even
the extravagant, dishonest and unjust govern
ment in which he is Interested continue unin
terrupted. This .is the enter, lf net the whole,
hope of the Republican party to-day. Let the
Republican party beware, and let all men who
lovo thotr country beware of carrying this
'doctrine of government-created prosperity any
farther. If th? idea is one firmly Imbedded
In the human mind there will be no saving
its teacher from the wrath to come — State
socialism.
I quote again from th« platform:
"We refused to palter longer with the
miseries of Cuba and declared war agrftnst I
Spain." >
Bad history egaln! Democrats demanded i
the recognition of belligerent rights and Inde
pendence for Cuba Cay in and day out. The
Republican Speaker constantly refused th»m
even so much as a parliamentary recognition.
Tho Republican President was thoroughly out
of sympathy with their wishes. Finally treach
ery and cruelty unprecedented led to the blow-
Ing up of the Maine and her crew. Public
opinion would no longer bn restrained — "Re
member the Maine," becamo the battle cry.
It was net "the miseries of Cuba" at all that
led the Republican party to fall into line with
public demand and fight Spain. Hearing the
echo of that cry "Remember the Maine," and
amid the universal excitement and anger, the
Republican Speaker and the President both
stood out of the way, as well they might, and
the former advised Intervention. It Is un
patriotic to pretend that even this, long de
layed as it wns», was in any proper sense a
Republican measure. Democrats voted for it
as fully as Republicans. They did this and
voted for the act of Intervention, not because
It was a Republican President or'a Republican
measure, but because the American Govern
ment was at least pursuing an American policy
— a policy which had always been Democratic.
Then the platform adds these words: "We
fought a quick, victorious war with Spain."
Bad history again!
Americans fought It. It would be invidious
to state the politics of heroes, but It seems to
me that I have heard it said that Dewey .was
a Democrat, that Pchley was a Democrat,
that Miles' was a Democrat, and it seems to
me, toa. that 1 have heard that a Republican
administration snubbed the first, tried to dis
grace the second and insulted the third. It
seems, too, that I have heard from men on
the fighting line that Joe ' Wh«eler was as
much In evidence as the President himself.
It eeems to me that I have heard that Hobson
was a Democrat. It seems to me. too, that
I have heard that young Bagley of. North Caro
lina, the first offering of the war upon the
altar of a- common country, was a Democrat.
I quote from the platform again: "We set
Cuba free."
Bad history once more. But for the Demo
i cratlo Senators and Representatives demanding
and voting for a proviso to the act of inter
vention, to the effect that the people of Cuba
"were and of right ought to be free and Inde
pendent" and pledging our faith that we would
wage no "war pf conquest or territorial ac
quisition, but would withdraw our troops after
pacification." the Republican administration
would doubtless be furnishing to the world to
day ln the case of Cuba a companion piece to
the picture which has been exhibited In the
Philippines.
' OX THE TRUST QUESTION'.
Let us ere what the Republicans have to
say for themselves In connection with the
great trust question. This Is the language of
the platform:
"Laws enacted by the Republican party and
which the Democratic party failed to enforce,
have been fearlessly enforced."
Here are three statements — First. That the
Republicans', instead of both parties, enacted
the laws, which ls not true; second, that the
Democratic party had done nothing; and, third
that the Republican party has enforced the
law. which Is only partially true.
Now. the fact Is that, although the Demo
crats only had a four-year opportunity, and
although the trust evil was neither very acute
nor very prevalent at that time, Attorney-
General Harmon, under the Cleveland adminls- '
tratlon. filed the suit for the Government '
agalst the Trans-MlB?ouri Freight Association,
took It up, revived it and won It. He then
instituted suit against the Joint Traffic Asso
ciation and also against the Addystone Pipe
Company. These two cases were decided Jor
the Government aft«r Mr. Cleveland went out.
it ls true, but on the lines laid own by nls
Attorney -General. \
y.or iz it :rn« In any proper sense that the
Republican party deserves much credit for en
forcing the anti-trust law. What has the Re
| publican party done ln th!s regard? One of
I the chairmen of the Republican convention
j (I, have forgotten whether It was the tempo
rary or permanent) says It has "enjoined the
beef trust."
We would not have known It if somebody
had not told us. The injunction does not eeem
to have had any practicnl effect upon the
• beef trust or upon the price of beefsteak.
! I think It was the permanent chairman of
the Republican committee who said that the
Democrats killed trusts with wind, the Re
publicans with law.' Where are the corpses?
There ls but one that I know of, but it prop
erly belongs to Governor Van Sant. It is
the spoil* of his sword and his spear.
The boast that the administration has exe
cuted the anti-trust law Is, of course, ridicu
lous. The Attorney General, in response to a
resolution of my own. frankly confessed that
nothing had been done, and left the Inference
that nothing would be done toward the-crim
inal prosecution of .the men found guilty by
the Supreme Court In the Northern Securities
cas<! of having violated the law and incurred
its penalties. The entire Republican party
at the last session of the House - of Repre
sentatives, with three exceptions. Voted against
a orovUo instructing the Secretary of th» Navy
¦ ¦¦¦:¦ •-- ¦.- -.-¦. *. -¦;- .... -. - -
. I read from the platform again: "Tariff
rates should be radjusted only when conditions
have so changed that the public interests de
mands their alteration."..
, "Public interest" ln this connection, consid
ering the voice which" has uttered the words, ls
good. • • "Public Interest" from the men who
Vrote It and. the convention which adopted It.
really means '.'protected Interests." How can
public Interest "demand," the alteration? How
can it make the demand heard? There 1*
only one way that I know of to make a demand
cf this sort heard, and that Is to vote down
the men who say that all is "well enough"
and that' the gospel of humanity, as. far as
th» tariff Is concerned, is all included in the
phrase "stand pot."/
Is it possible. 'that the American people can
be deceived by • empty verbiage like that?
Does not everybody know that the Republican
party hns no idea of making any alterations
in the tariff, unless it can thereby purchase
the support of additional special interests, or
to tte those already bought by special Inter
ests by yet closer bonds?
Are there no "conditions" demanding any
changes ln any of the schedules of the present
tariff law. when dozens of highly protected
steel and Iron products, including rails, loco
motives, barbed wire and agricultural Imple
ments of American make are being sold daily
in competition with the so-called pauper labor
of the world in the* home of this run' paun^r
labor? ¦ More than that, when they are being
carried right by the south door of Great
Britain -on through the straits of Gibraltar to
Great Britain's own colony of South Africa
•nd iol 1 there, \ and when, even more than
that, they aVc eold, after freight has been
paid and profit cbtained. at a less price than
the same things are sold to Americans in
American markets five miles from the factory?
Will any sane man say that "public Interest"
has not "demanded" some alterations ln the
tariff? The trouble is. and will be as long
as the Republicans are In power, that private
Interests won't allow~any.
The curious * thing about a man who ls ob
taining benefit*, by special legislation Is that
he insists upon playing two antagonistic roles.
One day he Is an Industrial baron, boasting
of . having . "conquered the markets of the
world" and of being able to keep them because
hie goods are better or cheaper. The next
day he Is "knocking at the doors of the com
mittee rooms of .the National Legislature, beg
ging a continuance cf protection against the
pauper labor of, the very market in which he
actually already veils his goods. What tort
of condition 1» it that will Justify public In
terest in demanding an alteration?
Suppose the following plank had been pre
sented to the Republican convention, does any
body- believe that It would have been adopted
namely: "Demanding a reduction of tariff
taxation' upcn. trust produced articles to the
point where foreign competition may enter the
American . market, which favored trust and
combine* seem to monopolize and raise their
prices to the American consumer above a Just
and reasonable profit, thus ualn* the Ameri
can'law as a shelter to protect them in ex
'.tortlon upon the Americas peopl* whll* ihts
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
A more ridiculous piece of official Impotency
than ls the Interstate Commerce Commission
at present does not exist. It can declare a
«lven . rate of So cents, let us say. to h*»
unreasonable, but as it cannot prescribe what
would hs reasonable in its uteuri the railroad
can do' cne of two things: It can either take
an appeal, which suspends the decision of the
commlTftion while the appeal Is being long
draT^n out by the railroads Interested, or It
can change the rate to 49>4 cents, and when
that has b»»pn declared unr^a-.-nnMc <"in
change it again to 40\J cents, and when that
has been declared- urrrasonable can change it to
4Q\(, cent* and so on ail Infiinltum. compelling
th«! newly aggrieved citizen in each case to
bring suit, at the risk of being punished, in
dustrially by the railroad for what It calls
"unfriendly conduct" and without the hope of
any suhslantl.il Immediate redress.
A bill to give the Interstate Commerce Com
mission power, not to declare rates generally,
not to ' fix a. schedule of rates for all the
roads in the country engaged ln Interstate
commerce, but power merely to declare a rea
sonable' rate in- its stead in particular cases
where a rate has been declared unreasonable,
this rate to be maintained until eet sslde by
law. has been pending before the committee
on Interstate and foreign commerce in the
House of Representatives since this Congress
met; and, . although the Democrats on that
committee ag.iln and again demanded conali»»r
atlon or the bill, and although delegation after
delegation of merchants and members of'mer
chants' and shippers' associations have been
to Washington begging the enactment of It
or like legislation, nothing h«s been don«. Th»
Republican party here, as . elsewhere, "stands
Pat."
not to enter Into governmental contracts with
trusts and unlawful combinations convicted
by law of being euch. The Attorney General
in answer to another resolution failed to show
th«t anything substantial was being done
against the " Anthractte Coal Trust. The At
torney General ; In that cane hid behind the
pretext that it would be "contrary to public
policy" ¦'for him to give Congress any Informa
tion as to what he was doing or would do.
This same "trust buster," as my good friend,
Joe Cannbn| would have us believe him to be.
Attorney General Knox. has Just been appoint
ed by the Governor of Pennsylvania Senator
from that State, eo the newspapers say, on
the <lpirmr.fi of the very men who constitute this
unlawful-combination, or who are at any rate
the presidents of the railroad companies and
the owners of the mines constituting It. What
are you going to do about It? What are you
going to do with the trust buster — "busted."
or removed, or .-. "promoted" out of the way?
Then there follows the beast of having "per
fected the interstate commerce law." The
absurdity of this statement ls demonstrated
by the actual condition of things. The Inter
state Commerce Commission has been knock
ing at th« doors of Congress for years anking
for tr.ijrecred power, asking for this power
at least when a g;\en rate, after Investigation
and full iif-aring of both sides, has been de
cided by the commission to be unreasonable, to
declare what rate wculd be reasonable in its
stead, end to make this rate operative until
set aside by due process of law by appeal, re
view or otherwise.
not keeping the gold redemption promise to
the ear. but breaking it to the hope?
The ex-Secretary then boasts that the Sec
retary of the Treasury can and does contract
and expand the country's currency at his
will, and illustrates this by the occurrences
which happened in ll>02. which he qnotcs. Re
member, he boasts that this is a fact. If bo.
what a magnificent one-man power it is. It
ls almost as great as that lately wielded by
the ex-Secretary himself, tihen he was ex
ofncio Emperor of the Philippine archipelago,
when, as he himself subsequently said ln a
public address, questions affecting the inter
ests and lives of millions of people had to be
decided by him upon not much more than a
moment's notice and entirely within his own
discretion. What do the men who believe
that the Government ought to go out of the
banking business and the men wbo believe
that the banks oufrht to ko out of the Gov
ernment business think of this remarkable. J
this boastful, assertion that one man ln the
I'r.ited States <an and does contract and ex
pand the currency, which furnishes the life
and bled of so many, at his sweet will? |
The temporary chairman told the country
that the act to expedite h^nrlngs of the trust
cases — namt'lv, the a^t of February 11. 1903 —
was "Republican l»llslatlon." He. forgot to
say that every Democrat voted for It, and
that is my recollection.
I have never known a more ingenious mind
than that of ex-S«>cretary Root. His ingenuity
is never so marvelous as when Its power ls
Illustrated by the things which he forjrot to
mention. Verily. h» is the Uoot of all evil
when It comes to making the -worse appear
the better elde cf reason.
rOLICY OF MeKIXLEY.
The ex- Secretary then tells us. In a burst
of eloquence, that "the fatal 14th of Septem
ber, 1901. marked no change of policy," that
when the kindly fraternal soul of McKinley
wended Its way from the earth he left bf-hlnd
him no break — his policy was continued |
in spirit by his successor. Who Is there In j
America of common aen«e who does not know
better? The changed spirit of the policy of
the administration with regard to reciprocity
with foreign nations, with regard to local self
government in the South and ln twenty re
spects which It wtmld take too much time to
particularize will suggest themselves to your
mind at once.
¦ But to go en to the authoritative utterance
of the Republican platform In convention
assembled. The platform, like the temporary
chairmanship, deals definitely in the boast I
that the Republican party Is responsible for
everything good which has happened. It also
deals much ln ancient history. It did well to
go back fifty years ego. The present Republi
can par*y needs a running start of fully fifty
years to" enable the imagination of the people
to Jump ever Its present obstructlveness and
Its evasion of live issues which lie In the path
way. The platform, ln speaking of the access
of the Republican party to power after Mr.
Cleveland's second administration had expired,
uses this language:
"We then found the country, after four
years of Democratic rule. In evil plight, op
pressed with misfortunes and doubtful of the
future. Public credit had been lowered, rev
enues were declining, the debt was growing,
the administration's attitude toward Spain was
feeble and mortifying. Its standard of values
was threatened and uncertain. Labor was un
employed. Business was sunk In the depres
sion which succeeded the panic of 1803. Hope
was faint and confidence was gone." .
Suppose . I paraphrase that utterance by
saying that "when Mr. Cleveland succeeded
to the Presidency ln March. 1893, after four
years of Republican administration under Mr.
Harrison, the Democratic party found th«
-country, after a long period of public misrule
and extravagance, ln : evil plight, oppressed
with misfortune and doubtful of the future.
Public credit had been lowered; the revenues
were declining."
The outgrowing administration was prepar
ing to Issue bonds. A Government deficit was
confessed. The panic which • devastated the
world wa« relentlessly npprcaehlng our shores.
A long saturnalia of extravagance, public and
private, and of reckless' speculation had been
already followed by depression. Corn was
burned for fuel in Kansas and elsewhere ln
the West in 1890 and after. Cotton was at
or below the price of production. The acu.te
reaction which we call panic was Inevitably
approaching even before Mr. Cleveland was
elected.
"Business was sunk In the depression which
preceded the panic of ISO"?. Labor was unem
ployed or poorly remunerated ln factcry and
field, especially the latter." [
Indeed, business depression, especially In
agriculture, and the lack of adequate remune
ration for labor, taken together with the high
prices of manufactures under the McKinley
act. constituted the chief Industrial reason ln j
the public mind for turning Mr. Harrison nnd
the Republicans out and putting Mr. Cleveland
and the Democrats in. >.
To go on with the paraphrase, under Harri
son's administration for three vents "hope was
faint and confidence gone." The plight of the
people was so desperate that, like drowning
men, they were "catching at straws." Agra
rianlsm and socialism in the shape o* sub
treasury and other schemes were rife* from
1SW) and thence on.
"The two old parties," as they were called
were blamed for It all, but the one in power
was blamed moat, hence the outer power got in
Men advocating these nostrums in the state
of public deapertion then existing, counted
their audiences, throughout the suffering West
and depressed South, i no longer by numbers
but by the area. Who will deny the truth, the
historical truth, of a single ¦ sentence of a
paraphrase? Why pretend to have . forgotten
all this? Why not be honest with the people
as men ought to be? . . r.--.'
It is true that after the election of Mr
Cleveland the chronic business depression con
tinued. It is true that it became acute— in
a wcrd reached the banks: and then the fright
or panic of 1893 came, which was not a local
or American condition, but one which had ex
isted from where Vienna nestles on the Danube
to where Buenos Ayres commands Us bay
one whose foundations had been laid long be
fore it reached us, almost the last among the
nations. '
Then, with the panic, upon us once more,
nostrums . of ' a~ national character were sug
gested to cuds an evil of world character. .One
of them, a* you will all remember, was the
uncertainty as to what competition from |
abroad they will be obliged to meet."
QUOTES ANOTHER SPEECH.
And I have heard that the President in his
political tour through the West In the spring
p. V.xx: made a speech In which he uaed this i
language : ;
••If a tariff law has on the whole worked
W *"I . a lf bu! 'ln''!'S has prospered under It '
and Is prospering, it rr.ay be better to endure I
i-oaie inconveniences for a time than by male
ing changes to risk causing a disturbance and
perhaj.8 paralyze the interests and business
of the country. The fact that the change In
a given rate of duty may be thought desirable
01 sottIe the Question whether It is ad
? ?« V° mak " th< * chan se Immediately Hvery
tariff dea!s with duties on thousands of arti
cles arranged in hundreds of paragraphs anrl !
many schedules. Thc.i- auti«s aff«-<u a vast '•
numbrr of interests w-hich are often conflict- I
ing. If necessary for our welfare then of I
t.jursc Congress must con P it!»r the question of
eh.ina: ing the lav.- as a v.hole or changing in I
any given rate? of duty, t.ut wo must reinem-
Der that whenever a single echedul? Is con
«.rfere<l tome cne will appear to demand a
change In almost every schedule In the law
and when it comes to upsptting the schedules i
generally the effect upon tlio community would
b" ruinous."
\Vrily, two s.ou!s with but a single thought,
so harmoniously exprossed. !f , not ' to forcc a
fi S e p ' c !5 ! lrterest *o take lt« lips from
the public breast for fear the public, finding
tlr>m unnecessary, might shake th*m all off
It Is not, therefore, to be wondered at that
the peroration of the "greatest of these" was
a sort of deification o f him wlio hsd rtubbrd
him grpatejt of these." It was almost as
natural as self appreciation. It was" only
aJter-egotism after all.
"What a magniflcent piece of humor Is this
I" t 0 ,r1 d , adubt!on of OUr 'ellow-citl7.en In
the V. hite Hous- by the "chief of these." How I
humorous to praise eo highly our fellow-clti- I
ren in the White House who. ln the long lino I
of great men who have filled the s-at he, now
occupies, lias himself found only about three
in his opinion worthr of anything like unatlnt
ed praise— George Washington. Abraham LJn
coin and hlmsrlf. Verily, the other humorists
will have to retire from business.
"The chief of these" l s Mr. Root. The
temporary chairman said, speaking of the
Republican party: "Through It more than
any other party, the moral sentiment o t the
American p*ople finds expression." God save
,J^ Te ?. S*3? back t0 ancient history. In
the Credit Mobiller? In the long saturnalia
of Southern reconstruction? Or. In recent hl«
tor l';, . L n C PoR ' offif% e Department? In the
public land bureau? In the full sway of bosses
formerly cursed to bitterly and now taken so
fondly to his bosom by the President? In the
pitiable telegrams Inquiring Just when the
patriotic and "unassisted revolution" of flftv
or one hundred men was "slated" to come oft
unexpectedly In Tanama? In the celebrated
order of Hell Roaring Jake" Smith, pre
ecriblng ten as the age above which children
J^ to . b *. kll l£ d In one of tn * Islands in the
Phlllprines? The universal honeycombing of
our national life with the corruption of legis
lation-bought special privileges? Time falls
me to tai»k where. What has ancient history
to flo with present Iniquities, anyhow? '
Mr. Root »aya: "Ofr-ndem have been re
lentlessly prosecuted and sternly punished "
Isn't this remarkable "thundering in the in
dex" for you. when compared with actual
Republican accomplishments, especially when
compared with the refusal of a Republican
House of Representatives to make culprits
face even to much as Congressional Investi
gation: when compared with the absolute and
constant refusal of the Republican Speaker
to recognize anybody for the purpose of mak
ing a motion even of that character? If
there ever was a determination fully enter
tained and finally carried out. It was the de
termination of the Republican administration
and the Republican legislative body to see
to It that nobody should Investigate the alleged
culprits In the Postoffice Department except
their colleague* In the executive branch of
the Government.
INCREASED CIRCULATION.
There follows something, however. wh!ch
will be taken weriously. The Secretary boasts
that the per capita of circulation of money
among the peonle ln the Unlfd States In
creased from $2.1 14 In March. 1807. to $.11 Cfl
In May last, and that the credit for that nnd
the consequent prosperity following It was
due to the Republican party. What a curious
boast this is for those lately denying so
strenuously that the quantity of money had
cnyihlng to do with the circulation of money
or the price of other things as measured ln
money, or with an ascending scale of pricea,
or with national prosperity. This was all de
nied but yesterday. Now It Is asserted that
the volume of metallic money has been Im
menBcly Increased; that It has brought pros
perity, and that it has all been due to Re
publican legislation.
Was Republican legislation operative In
South Africa and the Klondike, and did It
cause the discoveries of gold there? Did It
cause the new Inventions for the more profita
ble extraction of gold from gold ore? Did Re
publican legislation add $2,000,000,000 of i/old
to tie -world's f took of money metals !n tho
last eicht yearn? Was It Republican legisla
tion which made the Immense crops of cot
ton, ¦wheat. • corn. etc.. which ' enabled th»
United States to draw more than their pro
rata share of the world's stock of money
metals, thereby Increasing their own stock of
gold by $700,000,000? .Wb-« partnership Is
this between God. human Industry and In
genuity and the Republican party, of which
the Renublican party claims to b- the self-as
sertive eenior member? What monumental ef
frontery is thin, which enables them to boast
of the benefits of the increased volume of
standard metallic money and consequent pros
perity by the operation of the "quantitative
theory of • money. which theory they found
no language strong enough to deny and ridi
cule but yesterday?
Tbe temporary chairman next boasted that
the Republican party had by manipulation,
¦which he described, of the currency and. cer
tificate denomination made It so difficult to
get gold out of the Treasury, in exchange for
other forms of money, that practically it can
not be done at all to any largo extent and
hence that all danger of an endless chain,
thereby produced, baa ended. If so, U thla
ST. LOUIS. Ju!y €.— In his speech
to-day on assuming- his duty as tem
porary presiding cfiicer of the Demo
cratic national convention John Sharp
TViliiarr.s cf Mississippi, the gifted lead
er of the minority in the House of Rep
resentatives, sounded the keynote of
the campaigm for the party. His ut
terances give a comprehensive idea
of the policy of the "reorganized" De
mocracy, as shaped by the conserva
tives, who have returned to power for
the first tirr.e since 1S:<6. when they wer e
routed by Bryan and his followers.
Thus his speech will be read with In
terest by the Democratic masses, who
are somewhat in doubt as *o the nature
of the princinJes to which they will be
expected to subscribe under the new
arrangement. Its full text is here
Civen:
»«^r! > H aa •« :ro P rtat * Place ar.d time for a
«£, «» .», V \ the TEOSt F'Wluui State carwd
£\V , Louisiana territory acquired by the
father of Democracy. The time i s the c n
t^f of S5. P 22? r ""*««ta« of the acquis"
!'£?« , ~ at ter t' tor >'— * vast area of contig
uous terrttoty whose posses-ion was necessary
rnate and toil for home making by the tons
o' «/- U f h !T rS ° f th " «P«*»"o-tlus. anniversary
ofr«U and not rseucio expansion an expan-
Btm of our population, our industrial lire and
«r I.? lr - s "t°tioni over uninhabited lands.
SbJfSlSSSa: * ettled b - v whose
irtth" tw"*" denCC , !S'« r «*°Knized by treating
"¦f- } . ana willingly assimilated: not a so
called expansion by more superimposed force
of our fits end our military authorities. The
Democratic party afterward gatht-r.d t?e
country to further expansion of this reli?
thl .-^1 l ?4 hc ac « ui3i l !o n cf Florida!
the admission of T«-xa«, as a S'ate ord thi
acquisition from Mexico of a* ma^ificent far
I'T V 0 >e ma<5e States in tJl « Inlon and
«°>5rced under the constitution
.», 2?*. lm « >ortani <3'-iadrennial event In
people of their chief executive. Before the
treat elevation takes place, at which all' men
are sui'p^st-d to arrive at a rJioice by nn of
honesty snd lr.t. licence— would to God "they
did.— at leaM two miner ei-<n!an* of a differ
ent character are held. There have alwavs
™ on*. 0 e T^ at }' artl *». *Wfb *ince the firrt
rational political conventions have elected
flt-ir-gaies to convention? for the purnose of m>
f^ 1 * ,t, C£r -, aid^ te tnd P«™«leatirV a plat
u ™ r ? V ', Ct the * P Ert^ ha« Ron- ihrough
J " rty elec , non c f <3e>eat-s. has selected a
<-an-3i<5ate aud announced a platform. It was
t-'tin ? - f». <IU K eSt and " moKt ""-animous oe.
¦audoea that the rnak-rs of history have re
. Everthing seemed to have b«».>n find
beforrhand. There art some conveniences
about a. conver.ticn cf that sort. Cne cf thrn\
!»= that the .temporary chairman knows six cr
nine months beforehand that he is jroir.g to
be ten:porary chairman. He al-o knows what
he is wnW to say compared with what he
«ants to fay. I could appreciate that I as
sure you. The permanent chairman also' knows
Jhat isrxpected of him for half a year before
rsne. The platform cows ready written
ao CiEcu-sion about it— and is prrriaps revised
by the candidate himself, who has al*o be^n
•greed upon.
CRITICIZES ROOTS SPEECIL
tlJ^n'?^ 8 °V he t * m P°rary chairman ef
the P^pub.ican National Oonveatloa was n
}°->- Bt ar >' rate— rooFt of it ancient histcry
£ ?-£r SI £ ai al ° f '* bad hls ">ry. There was
a .abored arcumont to prove that the party
?L£°°** Ve]t rrJst - hy B omethin & like evolu
and McKinley. This was necessary In order
to the palpable fact that it Is not
!'*"'=«¦ &<* Without reason, then, this la
bored arruaicnt by this er-at and ingenious
»SgS'.?,g *"* ! }° draw aWfi V attention from
V2Z7 M Z m and lu volcanic, eruptive and
ih^ ," character - *y dwellins upon the fact
that at lomt period of Its history the Repub
»Mt^.-F y v, ha^ bt^ n ¦* rarty *" hlch <J' d
tli Ires and <Iid them .-arely. The orator
? .v ° av * lh * countr >- lose eight cf Hie
feet that It li now in both of its executive
tranche* a party of pa*5ivity, of non-action
of obstruction to reform and- progress; in a.
7L° rd - . * r f rt y wnose °nl v sacred precept Is
the shibboleth whose only sacred precept is
rf them to the oth^r. a shibboleth drawn from
the Ramblers' tables— "Stani Pat." a pre
cept born of cowardice and fear to move
I f hall not pay undue attention to the tem
porary chairman cf the Republican conven
t.cn. After lr.t-rrogatlng. in thi light of
ZZ *-.£ w . u " cr *n^«. I 'hall pans on to
thn authoritative voice of his party which
U Us platform, for proof of the fact that Mr
Ront knew how to pay a debt. Tfce country
ha* rot yet forgotten when Mr. Roosevelt paid
m. rioting tribut? to hU» Cabinet, which
wound up with the eentim-rt. "And the rreat
**t of these )r Root." Hut let me read first
what the President did say of the Junior mem.
ber of that mutual admiration society. I find
ln the American Review of Reviews from the
pen cf Walter Wellman:
'-Ordinarily the President of the United
Plates is not to be Interviewed. But there are
«xceptions to all rule*. "When I a*ked Presi
dent Roosevelt for an expression of hlg opin
ion of the character and public sen-Ices of
Klihu Root. •» h o within a few weeks Is to re
tire from the Secretaryship of War. the Pres
ident replied:
" I am very rlad to <Jo that. I n John Hay
I tam a great Secretary of Mate. In Phllan
ner Knoi. I have a great Attorney General
In the other Cabinet positions I have great
Tnrn. niihu Itoet could take any of thr»sc >
places Br.t fill it as well at the man who is
now- there. And, In addition, he I? what
probably none of thnjus gentlemen could be
a u Kr *" at of War. Elihu Root Is the
ebWt man I have known In our Governmental
•ervi.-e. I iri'.l no further. IJe is the great
est man that has appeared in the public life
cf any country, ln any position, on either elde
cf ilie ocoan. in my time.'
"TMs is praise, ind'^d." adds Wdlrasn.
t\eii. what of It? I have never heard that
FecVrtary Root has denied this official im
peachment. Praise. Indeed! Tes. TVhst
praise in return couI«J be adequate ln repay
ment . In this wonderful mutual admiration
ty .. ° f f , M °- to °' Tp<1Jy ." and "Me. too.
rilliu is Om return rhapsody of Mr. Root's
peroration at oil extravagant, considered from
the standpoint of repayment of course? Is it
eny 'ondor th«t he was the man selected br
the candidate to "lay it on strong?" A mah
f 00 - l 'U noot - He ha<1 <5«fon<3*<!
Tweed. Why not defend the Republican party
ln its hour of non-action, passivity negation
end mere obstruction. Indeed, he and the
President have mir.ds s<> much alike that they
ha*> been suspected of "unconscious identity
of cerebration." of thinking the satse thought*
in the wmo words.
I have heard thct In October, 1D02, Mr Root
rnade a pcMUcal speech m Cooper Union In
**¦"„ ¥*?;*« i»'^ L' C "J- 1 ™ language
,J f S ta ,fJ l! , w h * r . on whole worked
*c!l and If businrss xas prospered tinder it
• nd Is prosperity. It Is better to endure some
*!ijrtit Inconveniences and inrqualities for a
time than to Incur the uncertainty and dis
turbance of Dusinoss which necessarily results
from the processes of making changes. The
tnere fact that different rate of duty 'would
be better than the rate fixed In the statute
doe* not ivttJe the question whether the
change should be made now or ehould be de
ferred. Every tariff deals with duties on a
vast number of articles and Involves a vast
number of Interests often , conflicting and
whenever the law is taken up l n Congre-s
for consideration with reference to one chance
every schedule ln that law is going to find
tome one urging a change ln that schedule,
anfl all th* bu«lne*« Interests of the country
are golnc to be left during a long continued
ln a elate of uncertainty as to
«-hat will be the outcome of duties tmon
tt:r-c« they are producing; and. therefore la
The platform then gees on to say that thes<»
alterations cannot be safely committed to any
other hands than the Republican party. What
has been the matter with the hands of th*
Republican party since 1S87 or for the last
four years? Even If It were admitted that
tariff changes ought to be made by th»
friends of the Iniquitous discriminations and
extortions of the present law. rather than by
the friends of the general interests and oom
monwealth (which is the same thins as ad
mitting that the changes ought to be mad*
by the Republican party) why has not that
party already made any of them? It has
been In full power In the Senate, overwhelm
ingly in power In the House and unanimously
and strenuously in power tn the White House.
who is there that does not know that this
verbiage was Inserted into the Republican plat
form with the view of enabling th« "Iowa
idea" men and the "Wisconsin idea" men to
go back home and say they have "gotten some
thing and thereby "save their faces," as the
Chinese say.
Who believes for a minute that the party
which has refused every tariff alteration thus
far proposed intends to recognize any sort of
"conditions" or any sort of "demands" or
any sort of "public interest" In connection,
with the question? Who does not know that
the only way public interest can, make any
demand for any alteration effective is by put
ting the Democratic party into power?
DEMOCRACY'S TARIFF LAWS.
Of course this platfcnn had to contain th»
usual historical untruth, to wit. that " V
Democratic tariff has always been followed by
business adversity, a Republican tariff by busi
ness prosperity. Designing and Ignorant men
? n ir?** ted . ' "° often that r ara a'ra'd *>
b^hUVagafn. KOOd "* yet " "
¦tP? * r £ at . panlc of 1S73> lf " WM caused °y
any tariff law at all, was necessarily caused
by the then existing tariff law. which is the
first ever passe.! by the Republican party It
r^i? a "^ d a8 ,. a war m *»9ure- Speaker Can
non, In his address to the Republican conven
tion, said that when the Republican partv
no^ ;m t° r P° wer ' " "recurred to the tariff
poucy of George Washington." This Is a
short sentence and in It there are only two
nUstakes.cne of which consist* of the Innuen.i..
that George Washington was a high tariff
r o rtiir Tif nCUncea , M nm V* n * "'«*• trade
i°«ft ;« ( 7h*. *L con 2 ml «a»«e consists in ttM
J«ss«rtlon that tho Hewubli.-an panv had '¦¦»•
wM r h d ,» tO th ! poUpy - The Platform upcn
cne hint of anv intention tn raise the tariff
Sn^ K H^l th v. e TO » ha<1 b " eon3 » perfect
?ne rn * ithV tho Walker tariff of 1840 anil
the amendment* to it passed in 1837. and th^
Republican*, as well a, the Whigs, recognized
that the country therefore had unp-ece<iente.l
JraH^iW tha < , law ' which wLT&mS!
cratic tariff law. being a tariff for revenue
S^mJ Z mtnmt ,\ Republican ,, Jame, G.
luTJa whuer th " biSt ° r!cal fact ln
rivi\°vc-, 1S<> X d ° wn to the ou 'b«-«»k of the
timJ £& , country was nine-tenths of the
o^tie «h£ " mo ?7 tic ascendency with Dera
iha^ rim legislation, and nine-tenths of
that time OUT people wero prsoperous beyond
all precedent as compare,! with other people
with them or prior to their time. What th*
Republican platform calls "a Democratic taritr
aw based on free trade principle,." referring
r*or^ Km* ° f 1S04 ~ the «">-ca»»<J Wilson-
Gorman bill— was th» farthest removed from
existed ln this country, except the on* which
bore the name of McKinley and the one which
afterward bore the name of Dlngley. Dut even
this was a tariff law which followed adver
sity instead of preceding it. Besides all that
statistics rhow that our Imports were not In
creased under that act— hence. Its op-ration
did not hurt us by Inducing undue foreign
competition. "
"Williams read an editorial from the
New York Times of June 29. entitled
"A Question of Facts," giving statis
tics to disprove the Republican plat
form's statement that "a Democratic
tariff has always been followed by bus
iness adversity, a Republican tariff by
business prosperity." Williams con
tinued:
n«£ B T£ r PV th " * uthor of th » *•»"»»»
torlan. This Is true, no matt-r which of th
tw o suspected parties be guilty cf it. the
President or Senator Lodge. The voice was
undoubtedly the voice of the Massachusetts
Jacob but the hand may have been the hand
of the Presidential Esau. But both knew th»
facts. We are called upon In the Republican
platform "not to falter" in our allegiance to
protectionism when the only free trade coun
try ln the world is agitating a return to pro
tection. This has reference to Chamberlaini-ni
tn Great Britain. The author forgot to say
that what Is really belnsr agitated In Great
Britain Is retaliation against protectionist
countries by a proposed system of legislation
to contain as little protectionism aj is possi
ble. He also neglected to state that the move
ment has signally failed, and that U would
not have had a leg to stand on but for tha
enmity created in the minds of many British
subjects by our trade legislation. He a!so
neglected to say that the supreme evil of pro
tectionism is the excitation of this spirit of
enmity and commercial war.
Perhaps the richest piece of humor In th<»
Republican platform is where it is said: "We
have extended widely our foreign market."
and. ln another place. "We contjuererl rte-.»
markets and created a volume of exports which
far surpass Imagination." The "we" in each
sentence Is the cornerstone of the humor of It
They might just as well say that a man ha<i
a right to boast that he had increased the cur
rent of a river by putting a dam in it. be
cause the current had not stopped, but had
gone on over the dam — the man who would
attribute the current to the fact that the
dam was ln the Tlrer. or to the. fact that Jv*
j had placed any other obstruction there, would
not be a greater fool than he who would at
1 tribute an Increase of International or na
tional commerce to the operation of a policy
attempting vitally to obstruct it. ¦ * •
A perfectly Ideal protective policy would
be one which did not admit a single possible
competing product of another country to tha
"protected" market. In so far as protection-
Ism falls short of that result, it Is a failure
from a protectionist standpoint. The non-aci
. mission of the products of other countries Into"
' your own markets and the refusal to purchase
• from others certainly does not tend to make
them purchase from you. whatever else It does
As McKinley said: "We cannot always con
tinue to sell without buying."
Plainly our foreign commerce has grown, not
becauso of but in -spite of the obstructions
which have been placed in the current of trade.
How ridiculous the boast Is. too, in connee*
tlon with the flat-footed refusal of the Re
publican party In the Senate to approve th*
reciprocity treaties Instituted and completed
by Mr. McKinley and sent to that body by
him for approval, especially the highly benefi
cial reciprocity treaty with France, and in
the teeth of the refusal pf the Republican
administration to take any Initiatory step look
ing toward the reconvening of the joint high
comnalS31on for the purpose of establishing
reciprocal trade relations between our. neigh
bor Canada, and our children there and our
selves. Could complacent and recktess ef
frontery have gone further than it has gone
In making, this statement?
COMMERCIAL. RECIPROCITY.
There Is a succeeding statement, however
which will vt« with it. It Is where the plat
form favors "commercial reciprocity wh«revsr
reciprocal arrangements can be affected with-
charge them higher prices than thos» charged
foreigners for identical article*."
Suppcse that an actual condition of that sort
had been shown, as It has been, would anybodr
advocating an utterance of the sort I nav«
Indicated. with a view to meeting that condi
tion, have obtained any hearing from that
convention ?
Southerner States
Dominant Fac
tion's Will.
NEW CREED
EXPLAINED
IN SPEECH
Sarcastic Attack on
Present Admin
istration.
CRITICIZES
ROOSEVELT
AND ROOT
WILLIAMS OF MISSISSIPPI OUTLINES THE POLICY OF THE REORGANIZED DEMOCRACY
President Accused of
Usurpation of
. Power.
Lays Down the Law
to Party's Rank
and File.
5NEW JERSEY IN LINE.
Will Join the Parker Column on the
First Ballot.
ST. LOUIS, July 6. — Former Uuit
ed States Senator Smith of New Jer
sey, who is practically the head of
the New Jersey delegation, saw Wil
liam F. Sheehan to-day and assured
him that New Jersey would join' the
Parker column on the first ballot. .
Senator Smith is auoted as having
said that he had received a telegram
from Cleveland declining positively to
have his presented and that
Parker therefore was New Jersey's
choice. No positive confirmation,
however, was to be. had -of the re
ceipt of such a message. \
WOMAN PERISHES AND
- ?; HUSBAND BADLY BURNED
Lamp Explodes With Disastrous Re
sults in n Washington
Home.
PORTLAND, July 6 —A special to the
Telegram from North Yakima, Wash.,
states that Mrs. Elsie Dennis perished
In a fire which destroyed her home, and
her husband received injuries which
may prove fatal. The fire, was oc
casioned by a lamp exploding in Den
nis'. hands as he was ascending the
stairs.
PARKER NOT WORRYING.
Goes for a Drive Instead of Reading
Bulletins at Home.
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 6.— sludge Par
ker recently .declined an offer by a
telegraph company to set up a special
wire to his home to supply him with
news from the convention at St. Louis.
The company thereupon arranged to
place an extra operator at Esopus and
to-day a large number of telegrams
were received for the Judge, presum
ably to keep him informed as to the
developments of the situation. Judge
Parker did not remain at home to re
ceive them, however, going for a drive
along the Hudson with several friends.
TWENTY PERSONS HURT
IN A TROLLEY ACCIDENT
NEW YORK, July 6.— Dashing down
a steep hill at a mile a minute gait to
night, a West Brighton trolley car
crowded with passengers from New
York, crashed with terrific force into an
empty car coming toward it on the
same track in St. George, S. I. Twenty
or more passengers were injured, one
of whom will probably die.
PARLIAMENT REFUSES
TO LISTEN TO BALFOUR
LONDON, July 6.— In the House of
Commons to-night the Government
succeeded in carrying through the first
part of its closure programme oa
the licensing bill, but a hearing was de
nied to Premier Balfour, his frequent
attempts to speak being drowned by
loud cries of *gag." Finally Balfour,
hopelessly facing the tumult, Bat down.
This is said to be the first time in
a modern British Parliament when a
hearing was refused the Premier on the
floor of the House of Commons.
The full committee then entered
upon the consideration of the labor
question in connection with the follow
ing plank, presented by , ex-Governor
Thomas of Colorado:
Constitutional guarantees are violated when
ever the humblest citizen is denied the right
to labor, acquire and enjoy property or reside
where interest or Inclination may determine.
Any denfal thereof by individuals, organiza
tions or government should be summarily re
buked and punished.
Freedom of speech and of the press are
essential safeguards of civil liberty and the
Invasion of either cannot be too severely pun
ished
We denounce the Inflicting of punishments
without due process of law and deny the right
of any executive to disregard or suspend any
constitutional privileges or limitation. Obedi
ence to the laws and respect for their require
ments are alike the supreme duty of the citi
zen and the ruler.
The military must always remain subor
dinate to the civil power and be used only to
support and maintain law.
We unqualifiedly condemn its employment
for the summary baniehment of the citizen
without trial or for the control of elections.
ANGLING FOlt IiABOK VOTES.
Governor Thomas urged in strong
terms the adoption of the plank and,
in doing so, referred to the labor trou
bles In Ctf orado,: saying that the ac
ceptance of the proposition would do
much to render Colorado safely Demo
cratic. He Was replied to by McMahon
of Ohio, who said that, while -the
adoption of this plank might do much
to secure the labor vote, it probably
would have the effect of depriving the
party of having the support of the em
ployers. The labor question was then
temporarily laid aside.
Senator Tlllman pleaded for a strong
plank in support of the principle of
white supremacy in the South; He de
nounced the plank on this subject In
the platform submitted by Williams
and said:
"If we are to have a declaration at
all let us have one that means some
thing and not a weak-kneed, namby
pamby, flimsy thing like that in the so
called Williams platform."
The committee then entered upon a
series of hearings of outsiders, Includ
ing representatives of the Anti-Im
perialist League and the National
Woman Suffrage Association. The
Anti-Imperialists were represented by
Ira D. Howarth of the University of
Chicago. They asked for the Insertion
of the following plank:
Wo accept the great truths of the Declara
tion of Independence as principles of Justice,
limited to no time, place or race of men. To
hold a foreign people in subjugation is unjust,
undemocratic, un-American, subversive of our
national Ideals and a menace to our own
rights and Institutions. The retention of the
Philippines In. a relation of subjection to the
United States Is wrong In principle and an
unnecessary burden and peril. We should
treat the Filipinos as we treated the Cubans.
We, therefore, demand an immediate and
definite pledge of speedy Independence for these
Islands and insist that the United States Gov
ernment direct Its best efforts to the earliest
possible fulfillment of such pledge.
TRESEXTS SHIPPING, PLANK. .
The committee was asked to consider
the question of a shipping plank by
F. S. Pendleton of New York, who
spoke in behalf of a plank he presented,
which is as follows:
The Democratic party— the traditional friend
of American shipping — pledges Itself to the re
habilitation of the American merchant marine
through discriminating duties and tonnage
duties, the policy of the fathers and of the
great leaders of the Democratic party, under
which the flag of the United States filled the
ports and was a frequent sight on the s«ias
of the world In all the years of Democratic
ascendency, while Its disappearance and the
deplorable decline of that once great and pow
erful Interest has been continuous under Re
publican legislation. ¦
allowed of not "less than 8 nor more than 10
per cent of 'the same.-
ST. L.OUIS. July 6.— The Tammany
men are "sore" over the mistakes of
their leader, Murphy. They do not dis
guise their want of confidence in him.
Murphy has not surrendered, but he
stands practically alone in his organi
zation. His most distinguished, ad
viser, Bourke Cockran, has given up.
He sees no possible hope of defeating
Parker, but Murphy will not yield to
Hill. He cannot without taking second
place in New York politics.
Hill smiles his old sardonic smile as
he watches the Tammany men trying
to catch on to the Parker band wagon,
with Murphy standing alone and pro
testing that Parker cannot carry New
York. Hill and Sheehan are in control
of the convention. Murphy is not even
a factor. The Southern delegates will
do whatever Hill and Sheehan desire
regarding the ticket. They may not be
so pliant as to, the platform, but they
started out to nominate a New York
man and they will do it. They care lit
tle as to individuals. They want a
chance to carry New York.
Second place on the ticket has not
That, with the view to the encouragement of
American shipping and the restoration of* the
American flag upon the high seas, we favor
that upon all articles brought or imported into
the United States from foreign countries, in
American built ships and under American
registry, upon which duties are required to be
paid, classified rebates of such duties shall be
_ .j.
munlty within the bounds of th< American
republic.
Under the treaty with tho republic of
Panama, which was rendered possible only by
Democratic votes In tho Senate of the United
States —votes very difficult for Democrats to
cast because of the manner In which the mush
room republic was ushered Into the world —
the Democracy, when intrusted with power,
will construct the Panama canal «peedily,
honestly and economically, thereby giving to
our people what Democrats have always con
tended for. a great interoceamc canal, furnish
ing shorter and cheaper lines of transportation
and better Rnd less trammeled trade relations
with the peoples of the world.
However shamefully the Panama republic
was born, however shameful our connection
witn It, iti was born and is now recognized by
us and by the other civilized nations of the
worid as an existing international entity, an
Independent Government on the surface of the
earth. In other words, it, too, is an accom
plished fact. With it, as the only power having
sovereignly and ownership, we were compelled
to negotiate a treaty for the acquisition of a
strip of land to be used for the construction
of the Panama canal, if we were to acquire it
at all. ! Entering into a treaty with the Gov
ernment of Panama In order to. acquire the
untold benefits of a trans-lethmlan canal no
more smirches ub with the shame of the man
ner of its setting up aa a mushroom republic
than entering into an extradition treaty with
Russia. Austria or Prussia would besmirch us
with the Bhame of the partition of Poland.
Above all and in conclusion, a good Demo
cratic administration will ponder and practice
the simple precepts > of JefferBon'e first in
augural address. It is the political .Sermon
on the Mount" for the Democracy.
Gentlemen, it Is - in the power of no man
cr party to assure success. It Is In the power
of the humblest to deserve It. God grant:that
we may have it. Let us, by the character of
our platform and the character of.our candi
date, deserve It. Let us erect a standard to
which all good men may repair. With that
injunction, gentlemen. I declare thi» conven
tion ready for business.
The committee reconvened at 7 o'clock
and 'Senator Daniel announced the ap
pointment of a sub-committee to pre
pare a platform for submission to the
full committee as follows: Daniel, Vir
ginia; Hill, New York; Bryan, Nebras
ka;- Williams, Mississippi; Pattison,
Pennsylvania; Dubois, Idaho; Hamlin!
Massachusetts; Cable, Illinois; Poe,
Maryland; Shiveley, Indiana; Davis,
West Virginia. •
Senator Newlands made a plea for a
fuller representation of the irrigation
interests and by unanimous consent his
name was added to the sub-committee.
A number of suggestions from per
sons not connected with the committee
were received, among them being the
following from Senator Bacon of
Georgia:
SUB-COMMITTEE NAMED.
A general promise for the correction
of abuses is made, and under the head
of executive dictation Is this para
graph:
We call public attention to the repeated and
unpardonable dictation of President Roosevelt
to both branches, of Congress. We denounce
his flagrant encroachments upon the rightful
powers and independence and, while amazed
at the subserviency or a Republican Senate
and a Republican House of Representatives to
his orders and usurpation, we declare that his
autocratic invasion of their freedom deserves
and should receive the Indignant rebuke and
condemnation of the people.
We realize that, under the domination of
the corporate Interests and mighty and dan
gerous trusts and monopolies, which control the
policies and shape the .legislation of the Re
publican party, relief to the masses of the peo
ple from the glaring Inequality and gross in
justice of our existing tariff is absolutely hope
less, and that only under the relentless pres
sure of Democratic triumph can any Improve
ment whatever be obtained.
With a Democratic President and House cf
Representatives our party can and will tak«
the vigorous initiative toward the prompt, ef
fective and Just relief which the existing In
dustrial situation of the country Imperatively
demands. It Is pledged to this wise and be
neficent policy. It will revise the tariff in a
conservative spirit of fairness to all Interests.
Its anxious purpose will be to legislate with
such a due regard for the labor and capital in
volved in our industrial enterprises as to" pro
mote their healthy growth and "to carefully
guard against the infliction of injury upon In
dustries established by abrupt and radical
measures. But odious and powerful monopolies
may expect reduction of the excessive rates
under which they have been enabled to ex
tort oppressive tribute from the people. Ar.d
the illegal combinations of trusts which within
the last few years under the Republican tariff
have grown eo great and which In unlawful
restraint of legitimate trad<» have crushed hon
est competition must be stripped of the power
which they have so abused.
The financial plank la brief, being in
full as follows:
The Democratic party congratulates the
country upon the vindication of the Democratic
contention for an Increased volume of real or
metallic money In a manner acceptable by the
Democrats, by the addition to the world's
btock of money metals of $2,000,000,000 in
gold within eight years, from which these
Lnited States have been able to obtain $700 -
0<M),(rt)0. thereby doubling their stock of stand
ard mofley, raising their per capita from $23 to
f'.'tO and contributing to the aavent of indus
try, which could not otherwise have been at
tained. The fact that this result had been
reached by no action of the Government but
by the action of God. through his main instru
mentality of discovers-, invention and Industry,
does not lessen our gratification.
On the tariff and trusts this declara
tion is made:
UNIQUE FINANCIAL PLANK.
T\ e deplore and denounce the raising by the
Republicans of the race issue. We believe
that its wanton Introduction into this cam
paign cannot fall to obstruct and delay the
complete restoration of that harmony and good
will among the people bo essential to the peace,
happiness and prosperity of every section of th«
Lnited States, and we demand that the regu
lation of the suffrage Bhall be left without
CongresElonal declaration to the several States,
subject only to the final Judgment of the Su
preme Court of the United States
Regarding the isthmian canal it says:
We favor the early completion of the isth
mian canal. Rut. while making this declara
tion and accepting from necessity the result
of the negotiations conducted by President
Roosevelt, we cannot too forcibly express our
deteftatin of the methods by which, in flagrant
disregard of law and treaty obligations, the
canal routo has been acquired, or too solemnly
record our hope that this precedent of diplo
macy may never be used against us to our
humiliation and injury.
A promise is made of a more econom
ical administration of the Government.
The race Question is touched upon as
follows:
The practical results of tho policy of imperi
alism Inaugurated by the Republicans and now
illustrated in the government of the Philip
pine Islands demonstrate the folly, danger and
injustice of tho conquest, subjugation and forci
ble control of alien races In remote Islands of
the eea. and. distinctly denouncing this policy
as without warrant in the letter or spirit of
the constitution and vicious in itself, we favor
the return at the earliest possible moment from
to radical and perilous a departure from the
traditions and long established practice of our
Government aijd the speedy substitution there
for of friendly relations with the Philippines
as' a free people, corresponding as early as Is
xeaeonably practical with our existing relation*
wth the people of Cuba.
The Norrls, or anti-Hearst, delegation
from the District of Columbia was
seated by a practically unanimous vote.
The committee was fully an hour
considering the evidence in the Illinois
contest and decided that all the Hop
kins delegates should retain their seats
save Duncan C. Best in the Twenty
first District. General Alfred Orndorf
was given the seat held by Best.
The Hearst delegates declare that
they will carry the Illinois contest to
the floor of the convention and fight to
the last.
Dr. Mary "Walker, attired in her
usual garb of Prince Albert coat and
trousers, was the first person to enter
the committee room and she remained
throughout the proceedings. Dr. Mary
claims a seat in the convention. She
says she was regularly elected a
woman delegate by the Democrats of
Oswego, N. T., and will wage a contest
to be seated.
At to-night's meeting James M. Head
of Tennessee and J. M. Corrigan of
Minnesota were nominated for perma
nent chairman. Head was Parker's
candidate and Hearst supported Corri
gan. On the vote the Parker men won
a decisive victory, Head being elected
by 32 to 12.
. By unanimous vote the committee de
cided to award the six seats and six
votes each to the delegation from the
Philippines and the Porto Rico delega
tion.
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— The committee
on credentials met immediately, after
the adjournment of the convention and
perfected a temporary organization by
electing E. L. Robinson of Alabama as
temporary chairman. An adjournment
was taken until 7 o'clock.
Ttie r»a! object or the Rermbllcan party. In
**> far us thM planJc is concerned, however
rrxx-Sousth* phrswolcgy !n which It Is clothed.
«• to reduce Southern representation without
PROTEST OF THE SOUTH.
If the Drmorrpry goes Into povrcr It will b*
in accordance with the irrand ante-bcllura rec
ord of that party to declare "all over tlv?
weld that a du'.y authenticated passport Iwued
by th« <:overnm»nt of the. United States to an
American citl&n *h.'.:i b« proof of the fact
that he is en American citizen and Khali en
title him to the treatment dae him as such "
It would fee eincer-\ cominff from us.
The Republican platform, to turn It all up,
ob-ys the precept to "stand pat" In every
rwipert «xe<>,-t cne, «r.<J that Is one which w^il
«-nouKh might have b«u let alone. In the plonk
this language Is ured: "We favor eueh Con
ercsrtonal ncticn as rtiall determine wbothr
fcy special discrimination the elective frnnchiso
In any State has been constitutionally limited."
followed by the promise made. In that event
to rnJucc Southern representation In the
House of Represrntatives and In the electoral
cntl-sre. The pledge is to reduce representation
tf it it found that the puf.'race has been
"un<-cnst!tut!cneJ!y limited." The only "un
cRnntltutlona! limitation" would be In violation
cf the fifteenth amendment, "because of race,
color or previous condition of eervltud"."
."L'nconrtltutlonally limited!" The adverb
"unconstitutionally" is useless and fools
nobody and rcppcially when one remembers
that the author of the phrate, or at least tho
vr.ice that r?a<1 It. was the r.nthor of the old
"force bill." Whether cr not the suffrage has
l>r»n "unconstitutionally limited" Is . matter
fnr the courts to determine, and a representa
tive of a Republican commute-* on elections
In »h#- last Orr.Rr<s»B «o conf».*se<l It. If a man
he "unconrtttutionally" denied the suffrage.
th»?n. if a determination be had to that effect.
h«- f.-iTi vet*; that Is his remedy and the right
fmrdy. Ilav'riz voted, of cours?, thfre could
be no roductlcn of rf!pre*entatJon on this n»
c.uist. Dut the adverb deceives ncboiy. as I
eay.
True! true*. I say: "A Daniel come to Judg
ment"; but cur fellow-citizen* of Russian
fc!rth end Jewish extraction who cannot pro
cure from the State Department a passport
to revisit Russia without \ylnz cautioned
that they will not be protected there will
r*ad his part of the Republican platform, con
sidering Its source, with F-ngular astonishment
It B^eris rather Ktrange for a party In fuli
po)>seFsi.in of all branches cf the Government
Just upon the verp- of a Presidential election
to profess an Intention of doing for the first
time that which has not been done and which
is not row beins done.
"We plc'ls* ourselves to Insist upon J-:st nnd
equitable treatment of our citizens abroad "
eays the Republican platform; and,' in another
Iilace. "It is a duty to procure for all our
c«t!zent>. without distinction, the rights of
travel and rcjourn In friendly countries."
BepBtSteana voting the same way antagonize
the professions which they themselves make
in connection with other racial questions. They
profess, cs a party, to believe that men are
?final and ought to receive equal governmental
cut scvial r'-oojjnlt'.on. regardlers of race.
When the RopubMcans have voted for Chinese
exclusion lta«-y hav» ca«t a bi«)J veto. a wise
one. but undoubtedly an un-Republican one.
Certainly If it be wrong to discriminate at all
tecaufe of race. If the professions of adher
ence to the doctrine that all men of all races
• re *oual be sincere, then the, men making
th«t profession cannot vote to prevent a
yl'.ow man frcm earning a living by the sweat
of his brow In America; Uie riisht to earn
« living b^ing a much more tarred and In
nl:enab!e and God-given thing than the statu
tory privilege at voting or the social provision
cf touching eltiGW* with you.
The difference between tho two parties when
they vote for the Chinese exclusion is this:
Democrats vote In ncecrdance with the tradi
tion and principles of the party. Democrats,
os a rule, make no d'.sguise cf the fact that
they want to retain this country, as far as
po»sibV, •»!= a hem* for the white man and
» nursery for his cl\-lllz»tlon. and that th»»y
deeire. as far as possible, to have a homo
irenecus population; so wh*>n they vote to ex
clude CMaen tbey cast a Democratic vote.
Then our friends *nd enemies speak cf the
Republican policy of Chiucse exclusion and
fcr.ast of recnt legi^atioa upon that subject
as a reason for longer staying in office.. Aga*n
no nvnticn ct salient facts, to wit: That
the votes of the Democracy were unanimously
cast for the proviso presented hy Mr. Hit! to
continue by legi«:atton the exclusion policy
of the Chinese treaty about to expire, nor of
the fact that Mr. UIU yielded to the Drmo
cratlc leader on the Coor to speak In Its ad
vocacy.
"If the phrase means anything it means
this, that the Republican party is not willing
to secure immensely larger marietta for the
rrodure cf our fann*. mines, forests or even
manufacture-? abroad. If in rtturn for thvin
Ji fhaM be compelled to admit into competi
tion with even th» least of our industries "any
art'.cles of foreign growth or production. Judg
lr.g by Senator Ix>Jge's record in opposition
to the Trench reciprocity treaty, w'.iich was
Initiated, completed end sent to the brnaie
fcy President MrKln'.oy. U would mean that
the Republican party wovld refuse, ir they
were cn>red gr.atly extended markets for
Western and Southern -and Middle States prod
ucts if thereby it were threatened to out down
5 per cent of "the ro»s=ib!<' charges of a Maesa
<_hu?<etts cotici; fcr.Htins mill."
Thie rons-tructicn of the plan* is in keep
ing, too with the utterances of Mr. Dalztll
of rvr.neylvanla perhaps the rnoet highly ac
orediud floor leader of the Roaubltcan party,
who. amid an outburst or Republican a*.
ptaase. w.Sd en the floor of the House trat
the Republican party would have no reciproc
ity except in ' -non -competing artlc!».». lie
and his colleagues upon the Republican «.de
were th*n challcr.Ecd to name a single article
produced anywhere in the world that «"'"* r
was net produced cr cou! 1 not be produced
ycrr.cwhere In pome of the States or Terrl
t.jrie*. or "apiwrtinent apper.dsK'*. under the
Star* and Stripe*.
Of course this. If It means anything. m*an«
that theit is to be no scri of reciprocity a»
all. 1 venture :ny h'ad that »Ir. Dalzell Is
C' Mjr!:tfd with "any." ... .u
Then there is cunrjir.gly concealed >n tne
Republican platform the hydra-h^ad of yet a
»or*e form of social legislation, namely, by
ci-*Ht subsidy taking mor.e.y out cf the Jrcas-
B7 pnd handins it ov.r to a special
clacp—in this case the class of shipbuilders
RT U wlrrle e "otea .1,0 that the Republican
party was not <ju'.te brave enough to say , cut
iouri" 1 what it want, a and hiUn-AM 10 rto.
T5i'.5 MiU< cobatdy p!ar>. Is. bolstered by the
u»ua! f-lre statement. thr« time Innuendo, that
the Kngiish meivhmit intrin"— tho mo«t pros-
Tvrcu? of all — is dependent. u;-.o«i subsidie?.
Every dollar paid b'- the English Government
'o owr.ere of privrste fhips Is paid for carry
ing the mails and is paid to the lowest bidder,
find foreign »h:r» ¦« permitted to bi<5. "How
t p'.a'.n tale doth put them dov.n." I nay
It if the wom form of rpeclal legislation,
t'caiw it is naked and without hypocrisy and
hvwoorlFv Is the reverence which vice pays
to virtue. An indirect su1.«i«!y like protection
lrm is at least veiled with the pretense of
being nectnuT taxation, and that hides its
«morm!ty from th<? public view.
Thins* have almost rcachrd the old oec.a
<J?nt days cf the Roman republic. wh»n Gov
erntnt-nt' ccnslrte.l chiefly in distributing bread
nnd giving Ctrram. The worst of all this
Is 'hat it Is sought to be Justified, like pro
t^ctiomrm. ujxm the pretext that it is done
for the bentfit cf "American labor.' 1
If you want to give labor by legislation
pattern ct rirc-nses. why r.ot give it directly?
If you are going to talce money out of the
trra'fury in order to Increase the remunera
t'on, why not do it frankly and honestly?
If your object of a nhip BObaMy Is to Increafe
the" waces of the pailon-. why not decide upon
the percentage of increase advisable, make
the arproprictiort and pay it over to the
•sailors th«nw!v«n? It would be no more
Justifiable to paiss a law to p:vc every sailor
end man and woman in the l"nit»d Ftates earn
ing lffs than $1 a day an increase cf ZO
per cent than it wculd be by protectionism.
or Fhi;> >»ul>sidy, to pretend to have that <nd
in vt*w, -while the money rals-ed from con
sumer* by taxation, instead cf be'ng paid
directly over to the lar>orer. who constitutes
the pretext of the law. i? percolated through
the hand* of others to «rbCM fingers most of
St. anti sometimes all of It. «ticks.
Republicans say that the law will make the
corporation* "able to pay higher wages."
Who is gcing to intercede effectually wlfh the
Almighty to make them willing to do It?
EXCLUSION OF CHINTESE.
•¦Injury" is good* In that connection, too.
It ail depends upon what Is meant by the
word. If the audience will excuse me for
quoting myself. I will read what an Interview
contained on that subject:
The word "any"" is good in that connection.
What a etop cos that Is to the turning of the
wheel cf American reciprocity. Think of its
lull Import.
out Injury to American agriculture. American
labcr cr ar? American Industry-"
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The Democratic party will not hypocritically
pretend to isympathlze with those who desire,
cr with these who would net by all lawful
and constitutional means prevent, the Afrlcan
ii»tlon or Uonsoliza tlon of any State or corn-
Under a Democratic administration the
rights of labor will be recocnlzed as no less
"vested." no less "eacrcd." no less "inalien
able" than the rights of capital, and both will
be deait with Justly arid impartially according
to their right.
It will bring about the upbuilding of a mer
chant marine and bring It about without new
And additional taxation upon the people and
without bounties from the public treasury,
elmply by recurrence to those laws which
were In force when we had j\. merchant marine
of which every American citizen was proud,
IiABOR AND CAPITAL.
It will cpeak out unmistakably against th*
Republican policy of starving home develop
ment In order to feed the "schoolboy appe
tite" for national prestige and mere display
of strength. >¦¦¦ ': *_;.
It will reduce the revenue of the general
Government to a sum adequate to the needs
of economical and constitutional administra
tion, plus a safe worklns margin for con
tincencles which cannot be foreseen.
The Democracy, In my opinion, believes that
the white man will have trouble enough to
maintain his full Integrity and the white man's
civilization in all parts of his own country,
and It 13 neither his duty ncr his right to eu
p?rimpc«e bia civilization by force upon the
brown man In the brown man's country.
A Democratic President, such as he whom
¦»<• shall nominate, will develop himself to the
faithful execution of the laws of the United
States aatbtyare written, without executive con
struction or usurpation, whether under the pre
text of necessity or under the pretext of supe
rior wludom, and will leave to th» legislative
branch of the United States thp duty of mak
ing and unmaking and amending laws.
A Democratic administration once In power
will put an end, as far as it can be done and
a* quickly as possible, to all existing In
iquitous partrK-rEhip arrangements between tho
Federal Government and favored Special In
terests. •»
A Democratic administration will find In our
treatment of Cuba an example of American
courage. Justice and magnanimity, an example
to be Imitated as eoan as It can be wisely and
eafely done In the Philippines, ultimately leav
ing them, and giving them the promise now
thus to leave them, free, and Independent, to
work out their common destiny In accordance
wltii tlielr own race traits, tendencies and ca
pabilities.
Where th»re is "brutal wrongdoing or knpo
tenry which rises In a genera! loosening of the
ties of civilized society," the American people
will rogret it and will extend every aid In the
way of enlightenment and example to the peo
ple thu* living In darkness, but they decline to
administer the affairs of such peoples, or rb
take upen the United States Treasury the bur
den of their internal reformation.
It will announce In an unmistakable way
that we have no duty of a sort to "Intervene"
In the national affairs of oth«r countries, be
cause they "do not conduct themselves well,"
or. because they "do not know how to aet with
decency In political and Industrial matter*/'
or because they "do net keep order," or be
cause they "do net pay their obligations. "
We v-ill announce unmistakably to the world
that we will not make of the army and navy
of the ITnit^d stat«s a constabulary for the col
lections of debts from the governments or peo
ples of South and Central America.
It will denounce the heedless and reckless
utterance of the candidate of the Republican
party for President In his letter to ex-Secretary
Root upon the eecond anniversary of Cuban In
dependence.
It will not f alter when It comes to declar
ing for a reduction of tariff taxation on trust
ptodured articles to the point where fore'gn
competition may ent»r the American market
when ccmbines ral«?e the price to the Amer
ican consumer to the point of extortion nor
will It falter In declaring for reduction where
American concerns habitually charge Amer
ican consumers higher prices than those
charged forelg-ners for identical articles.
It will come out flatfooted fcr amicable
rnther tl-an retaliatory trade relations with
the other nations of the world and especially
for generous reciprocity with Canada.
But enough of the other party; tome things
about ourrelves. One thing the country can
rely upon: The Democracy will nominate for
President a man trained In the ways of the
constitution, who will not usurp legislative or
Judicial functions; who will not recklessly vio
late international usages, even with the weak
est ration, no matter how tempting the profits
to be reaped by it: who will not keep people
guenslng about what he Is going to do or to
*ay next. It will nominate him upon a plat
form Ignoring dead Issues and dealing with
every present live Issue, In tones certain and
unmistakable: favoring economy of adminis
tration, enforcement of honesty in the public
service, a wi»e and bu.«In»s«-llke revision and
reduction of the tariff by the friends of tho
mar.«=es and of the commonweal, and not by
tariff benefl>iarie s and th'lr representatives
alone — a reduction which shall aim at equality
of burdens and equality of opportunities anil
(Thorn ultimate object shall be to raise a
revenue by taxation to support the Federal
(lovernment In virility. In simplicity— an ob
ject ti> be reached in a business-like "and com
mons^nse way. with due recard to existing
renditions and by steps constituting In them
selves an object lesson for their own Justifica
tion and for the Justification of further re
form.
DEMOCRACY'S PKO3USE.
In tenpins with all this, consider the negro
Panto Bambino scene In the Republican Na
tional Convention, the wild adoration of "my
little Alabama rnon" — or was it Georgia coon?
Why was all this prearranged and by whom?
Why were the two little white girls placsd
on the same platform with the little- n«-gro
boy to march around carrying flags? Who
prf tends that it was accidental? What was
the r-retendod lesson to be taught? What
is the subtle symbolical meaning of It all?
Is it a meaning which only white Republicans
dare to put Into words? Or is it a meaning
t.> l> Classed at and to be left to ' negro
orptors. speaking to negro audiences, to put
irto wurJs such as are adapted to negro races,
truits, U-ndencien and longings?
That is the ultimate significance of It all If
inder-d it be not merely "a voice In the xvllder
neFS." crying cut empty promises to the negro
voters in ihe doubtful States. I wish I 'could
believe it was only that. I would believe it,
but for the opinionated and euperstrenuous
character of "the man in the White House "
How small In comparison would be the' lrri^
mediate and ultimate significance cf a mere
partisan victory either way compared with
tlie necessary and natural results of this re
vi\ed notation.
This is but the entering wedge to a new pe
riod cf "Southern reconstruction." It Is the
beginning ever of the old scheme, revived for
peliticnl advantage, to retain as a Republican
a.«srt the oolld negro vote of Indiana. Illinois,
New Jsmsy and like conditioned States — Oil*
time without price In money paid — hy disutrb-
Ing ail over the Southland peace and order and
unsettl'ng business, and. a? a remote effect,
if successful, hybridizing the race there and
Africanizing Its civilization
Th*:r duplicity Is shown in this: They wish
to maintain the fifteenth amendment, which
forbid;- th»> negro for racial reasons from be
ins disfranchised, and. acting on the pretense
that be is for racial reasons disfranchised, they
would have ihe negro not counted as a basis of
representation in the Southern States, where he
chiefly rfFlOes. It la not the white man, as a
white men, who is Injured by a recurrence of
the pendency of force till days— he can and
will always maintain himself in business, in
agriculture and in the manufactures. Com
nvri-'.ally and Industrially the white men of
th» South will not be much more Injured by
this sort of agitation than Northern people
will be. The mercantile class would be the
first to Buffer, but as they owe debts -to the
North and buy from the North and as nearly
everything they jsell Is manufactured in the
North, they would not be alone In their suffer
ings.
Lot not the business Interest of the country
deceive itself; let those controlling It prepare.
If Roosevelt is elected on this platform, for
another period of uncertainty, unrest, business
disturbance and race war in the Southern
States, instead of that peace and prosperity
which both races now enjoy and which has
be«-n rendered possible only by hemo rule and
by white supremacy.
Let the South not deceive Itself, either. If
the Republlran party was sincere In Its propo
sitien to reduce Southern representation on the
grounds cf dlsfranchiscment or pretended "un
constitutional limitation" Itself, It would ac
company the proposition with another — to wit:
the proposition to repeal the fifteenth amend
ment.
Disfranchise ment of a negro in Mississippi
for ignorance is a horrible thing; dlsfranchtse
ruer.t cf a white man for ignorance In Massa
chusetts or Connecticut Is a part of New Eng
land higher education.
reducing that of Massachusetts and other
Stale-, wherever in the South negroes are dis
franchised, not as such, but becauio of ignor
ance, by an educational Qualification, or be
cause of any other right reason. In any other
constitutional way.
Continued From Page 5, Column 7.
been agreed upon. Hill and Sheehan
want a man from the Middle West,
where there is a possibility of getting
elcctofal votes. They do not desire
the nomination of ex-Senator George
Turner of Washington, because he
comes from the Pacific Coast. They
have no hope of eleqtora 1 votes from
that section. Turner has made head
way, but he has no definite promises.
To-night a boom was .sprung for
Aulai Stevenson of Illinois. Stevenson
was Vice President with Cleveland.
He was a candidate for Vice President
with Bryan. He has been affiliated
with both wings of the party and he
ccmes from the right section of coun
try. He may step into the shoes of
Marshall Field, who was most desired
for second place, but who would not
have it.
Hill and Sheehan have also talked of
Thomas Taggart of Indiana. Taggart
hoped to be made chairman of the
National Committee, but he will fall
in that Intention. The chairman will
be taken from the East! Taggart must
be placated and he may be offered sec
ond place on the .ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Committee on Credentials
Gives the Editor
No Quarter.
Sub-Committee Is Named
to Take Charge of
the Work.
many Leadership.
Former Senator's Complete Triumplj in the Con
vention May Cost Murphy the Tam-
HILL WANTS MIDDLE WESTERN
MAN FOR THE VICE PRESIDENCY
HEARST LOSES
IN A SERIES
OF CONTESTS
CONSTRUCTION
OF PLATFORM
\o DIFFICULT
SECOND PLACE FOR STEVENSON OF ILLINOIS OR TAGGART OF INDIANA
TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN PLEDGES
DEMOCRACY TO MANY REFORMS
pendence of Philippines.
Bitterly Assails Republican Party for Its Attitude
Toward Colored Race and Promises Inde-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY. JULY 7, 190i.
6
>ADVEBTISSMEUTa>
JBSrKiiiS" 1
Positively cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
They ako rcliere Distress froa Dycpepsfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drorrsi-
mss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thzj
I Regulate the Bowels. Purer/ Vegetable.
: Small Piil. Small Dose*
Small Price.
! f^ . \
i The best and most easily
; handled Safety Razor on the
market. Easily kept in order,
and you cannot cut yourself.
Does not pull, but glides over
the face like velvet.
t OTESS RAZOBS, In all standard
| makes; blades of best tempered steel,
as low as Sl.CO.
POCKET KB IV US — Good ones that
you can depend on. In several shapes
and styles of handle, including pearl,
each $1.CO.
Other lines of Cutlery in choice se-
lections.
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
! Soap. ISc.
! Mall orders promptly filled.
j THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTP. the Stationer.
1C08 MARKET STREET, above Powell.
San Francisco.
! OCZAJT TBA-VXI..
e Steamers leave Broadway
¦Rharvps (piers tf and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrings!.
.Tuneau. Hatnes. Skagway.
eta. Alaska — 11 a. m.. July
3. ». 14. l'J. 2*. 2». Auk. 3.
Chanse to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Belllngham — 11 a. m.. July 5, 9, 14, 10. 24. i».
Aug. 3. Chanse nt Seattle to this Company's
steamers tor Alask.i end G. N. Ry. ; at S-ut:'.-»
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Etrrtka (Humboldt nay) — Pomona. 1:.*5
P. m.. July 8, 9, 13t 21. 27. Aus. 2. Corona.
l:."0 p. in.. July 6. 12. IS. 21. JOS, Au.?. 5.
For Lcs Aneele* (via Ptert t»os Angeles and
Redondo). £an Diego and Santa. Barbara —
Santa Tiosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thur-days. 0 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (rla San Pedro and East
Pan P«dro). Snnta Barbara, Panta Cruz. Mon-
I terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
I Luis Obi?no). Ventura and Jiu»nem?.
Bonita. & a. m.. July 2. 10. IS. 2*5. Au?. 3.
Coos Hay. 9 a. m.. July 0. II. 22. 30, Auj. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose S»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. -Santa Ro-
: pa'.ia. Guaymas (Mn.). 10 a. m.. "th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1901 —
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July 3 13.
An*. 2, 1C.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chansr* steamers or sailing dates.
TIC3CET OmCES-4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace lintel), lrt Market «t., and Broad,
way wharves". Preiffht Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DITN'ANX, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Franciaco.
AMUBICAN Z.IJTE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg 1 — Southampton.
From Xew York. Saturdays, »:'iO a. m.
Philadelphia. July ltiiN'ew York July ZO
St. Louis July 23)St. Paul Aug 8
ATLAHTIC TRANSPORT X.IITE.
New York — London Direct.
Minneapolis July ltt, 8 a. m.
Mesaba July 23, 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka ..July 30. 7:30 a. m.
Minnehaha Auc. 6, noon
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMIHIO2T LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion July 161 Canada July 30
South wark July 231 Vancouver Aug. 6
HOLLAirD-AMEEICA TJOTE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.5CO Tons.
Sew York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Potsdam July 19iRyndam Aug 9
Rotterdam Auc 2lNoordam Aus. 18
SED STAR LIJIE.
Hew York — Antwerp— Paris.
From New York, Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m
Zeeland July 161 Vader land July 30
Finland July 23lKroonland Au«. S
WHITE STAB. TtTTTE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. July 20. 10 am I Arabic. ..July 23 « am
Cedrlc. . .July 22. 1 pm Teutonic. Au*. 3. 10 am
Oceanic July 27, 5 pmlCeltic Auk. 3. noon
Boston — Queenstown— -Liverpool.
Oetic....# July 2S. Aug. 2o7 Sept 22
Republic (new) Aug. 11. Sept. 8, Oct. K
Cymric... Aug. IS. Sept. 15. Oct. 13
NEW SERVICE 7SOM BOSTON.
Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.OOO Tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITESHASHAN, VIA AZOSSS.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC. Sept. 17, Oct. 2D, Dre. S
CANOPIC .Oct. 8, Nov. 19
First class. $R5 upward, depending on date
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Asent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
Hamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Serrice
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMRURO
tPretorla July IC>| Bulgaria July SO
Hamburg .July 2l!*D«>utschland ..Aug 4
fWaldersee July 2aijPennsylvinia .Aus •»
•tMoltke July 2S tPatricla Auk. 13
•Has Brill room ar.d tjrvmnasium on board.
{Will call at Dover for London and Paris.
KArcBTTBO-AMEBICAN LINE.
Office*. 35 and 37 Broadway New York
HERZOG fc CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Friday. July m. "J P. M
S. E. ALAS1EDA, for Honolulu. July 1«, 11 a. M
S. S. MARIPOSA for Tahiti, August 0, 11 A.M.
LO.SFRECEELS k BEOS. C0.,Aiti,TiCi2! I0CJ51] li£
ML FniZill 03CS333M1KHSL. Pur/. tpA; St.
•.OMPAQNIB GZNERAL2 TEAS3ATLAMTI33i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^^.
Sailing every Thursday iustr-aJ u: ijf. ?Zgm
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, w»»S-
North R!v«r, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson kalldins).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. pacific i:o»»t
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To 17. S. Na,vy Yard and VaUejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Uuv«» S. K., foot of
Clay st.. north end rerry bldg— Week day*.
!>:30 A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. 0:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave VaUejo — vverH day*.
8:50 A. M.. 12:2O and 5:30 P M. : Sundays. 5
P. 3J. Fare. 25c ..each way. Excursion rates,
Sundays to Vallejo.' ni»n Core and Martinez.
60c round trip. PIPER, ADEN. COODALL
CO.. phone Main «41. 'Saturday exeeyie.1.
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
STMRS. (JE.V. FRISBIE. MUNT1CKLLO and
ARROW— 1?:« A. M.. 12:3o noon. 3:15 P.
M.. 6:C0 P. X.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday*:
Sundays. »:45 A. M.. 8:3O P. M. Leava V«i-
l«Jo 7:0O A. M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:3o NOON.
8:15 p. m., «:O«> p. m. <rx. Sunday*: Sun-
days. 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 p. m. UndlBf and
: office. Pier 2. foot Mission at. Pbon* Maia
1508. HATCH BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
JLSLOJL&JUUUUL&JULSLSLSUIJUU A q_o_9_o_o_P g P.g_q_Q_PJLgJ?_P_QJL<LftJL*J
We can assist you in many ways— help you to
find a house, help you to make it comfortable and
homelike.
The new house always calls for something new
in the furniture line— a new carpet, or curtains, or
stove, or dining table. Means additional expense at
a time when the purse is taxed to the utmost.
Let us shoulder the worry. Your promise to
make a small weekly or monthly payment brings any-
thing in the house furnishing line to your door.
The Renting Department
Our renting department has passed the experimental
stage. We are finding homes for dozens of people every day.
It contains a memorandum of every desirable house, flat
or cottage that is to let in San Francisco.
Come and look over our lists.
This department is absolutely free and you need not feel
that it places you under any obligation whatever.
The Model Cottage
The cottage, containing four rooms, is built in the store.
It is furnished in an inexpensive way. $150 pays for the
furniture, but we give you a year's time in which to pav
the S150. 3
The way it is furnished may not meet with your ap-
proval^ we can furnish it in fifty different ways for the
same amount of money.
The cottage demonstrates that our furniture is low priced
and that we thoroughly understand our business — home
furnishing;
f*f?FniT MUCH OR LITTLE """^
1>B\L.LFI B LONG OR SHORT
f^af cant) «§ R»I k^n fUs Si ir^ASraEl
mb* l H 31 J I'E ICLERK DISAPPEARS WITH
HIS EMPLOYER'S MONEY
Harry Leonard of Martinez Collects
Nearly $100 and Takes French
Iveave.
MARTINEZ, July 6. — Harry Leon
ard, an employe of Paul Irion, the
proprietor of the Model ' bakery . of
Martinez, has disappeared, taking
with him nearly $100 of his employ
er's money. The latter has offered a
reward of $25 for the arrest of the al
leged embezzler.
Last Saturday the young man start
ed out to make his regular, monthly
collection trip, and went 'as far as
Walnut Creek, having collected be
tween $80 and $100 on the wax. At
Walnut Creek he abandoned the bak
ery wagon -; d hired a livery, rig, with
which he. drove to Berkeley, where he
boarded a Santa Fe train and left for
parts unknown," • v
OAKLAND. July 6. — To prevent fur
ther mischief from use of the Dewey
cannon in City Hall Park the barrel
•will be filled with cement solidly set
to the muzzle. Superintendent of.
Streets Ott decided that plugging the
old relic would check such sport as
led to the miruse of the gun on Fourth
of July morning. The Chief of Police
says he has made no progress in lo
cating the men who fired the old can
non.
Will Cement Dewey Cannon.
OAKLAND. July 5. — Luther Mc-
Questen of Hercules, Contra Costa
County, has just begun the publication
of a weekly newspaper at Hercules,
which is known as the Hercules News.
The paper is issued every Thursday.
Publishes New Paper.
from Southern California, where she
has been the truest of her sister. Mrs.
George Max Webster. Mrs. Whitney
plans to pasp several weeks at San An
selmq.
Miss Ada N. Amann of 1727 Broad
way and party of friends are on their
way to Lake Tahoe in private convey
ances. They will 3nend an outing of
one month in the region of the lake.
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Brooke are back
from a visit with relatives and friends
at Sacramento.
Mrs. M. H. Krauth of the Free Li
brary stall Is enjoying her annual va
cation at- Pacific Grove.
Hugh C. Gallagher departs to-mor
row for a three weeks' vacation to be
spent at resorts In Lake County.
OAKLAND, July 6. — County Super
intendent T. O. Crawford announced
the following appointments of school
trustees in those districts where elec
tions failed: Eden Vale. Jos. Haber
nig. Mitchell Teason and Antonio Bel
lina; Green. Otto Kahike; Hays.
George Hunt, H. A. Davis and C. W.
Logan; Lincoln, J. Beauchardi; Moun
tain House. Ellrrbrook and William
Saxoncr; Redwood, J. J. Alves Jr.;
Union High School Xo. 3, from Eden
Vale, Mitchell Teason; from San Lo
renzo, Ed O. Webb.
Appoints Trustees.
OAKLAND, July 6. — Alonzo Bassett.
a pioneer stone mason of this city, died
yesterday at his home, 1111 West
street, aged 71 years. The deceased
came to Oakland from Portland, Mo.,
forty years ago and had resided here
ever since.
Fioneer Citizen Dead.
She grew frailer day by day and at
length gave up all hope and begged
to be brought home. She arrived in
Alameda yesterday and/was Immedi
ately taken to Fab'ola Hospital, where
she pssed away this morning.
Miss Belden was 22 years of age, a
daughter of the late Henry K. Belden.
The young lady was a favorite in Ala
meda. The funeral will be held Fri
day morning at 10 o'clock at the First
Presbyterian Church. The services
will be conducted by the Rev. Clark
A. Guthrie of San Francisco. Inter
ment at Mountain View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, July 6. — After a jour
ney across the continent Daisy Louisa
Belden died this morning, just one day
after her home coming, at Fabiola
Hospital. The young lady had been
traveling In vain search of her lost
health through the East with her
mother and sister.
Miss Daisy lionise Beldcn Lives Only
a Few Hours After Reuehlnp:
Home.
SAD ENDING OF JOURNEY .
ACROSS THE CONTINENT
OAKLAND, July 6. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: James A. Rol
lins. 41. and Emma Lucini, 28, both
of San Francisco: Courtney L. Bar
ham, over 21. Fresno, and Emma R.
over 18, Oakland; Antonio A.
.Silva, 27. Santa Cruz, and Marianna
Josephados Santos, 21; Mission San
Jose; Samuel Best. 28, and Christina
Quessen. 20, both of San Leandro;
Alexander W. McDonald. 27, San
Francisco, and Agnes Steadman, 26,
Berkeley; Kenneth Archibald, over 21.
and Sarah Van Boskerk Larue, over
18, both of Oakland: John Aronson,
28, and Lulu Lunda. over 18, both of
Sawtelle, Los Angeles County.
Marriage Licenses.
Before the fall term begins other
changes will be . made in the college
faculty to met the new arrangements.
The retiring president takes Brother
Lewis' place at Sacred Heart College,
the latter going to St. Mary> College
tc- assume cliarge of the junior class
with the opening of the fall term,
August 1.
Brother Vellesian is one of the most
prominent Catholic educators on the
Pacific Coast. He is a native of Port
land, Ore. He was educated at Sacred
Heart College in San Francisco. After
his admission Into the order of Chris
tian Brothers, Brother Vellesian taught
for a time at old St. Joseph's Acad
emy, Oakland. Later he was in the
business department of St. Mary's Col
lege. For three years Brother Velle
sian was a director of the Sacramento
Institute. He returned to St. Mary's
College in 1901 and has been connected
with the cc-Ilegiate department. Last
year Brother Vellesian v.as made pre
fect, an office which placed him In gen
eral control of the students' morale.
OAKLAND, July C— Brother Velle
sian, prefect of studies at St. Mary's
College, has been appointed president
of that institution, to succeed Brother
Zenonian, who has b?en transferred to
Sacred Heart College, San Francisco,
to take charge of the graduating class
at that schoo!.
The new president was named by the
head of the brotherhood, in Paris.
France. In the change, there is no sig
nificance other than that it is one of
administration.
"Of course, California heard about
George Knight's splendid seconding
speech. His voice was the marvel of
the convention. The delegation whs
mighty proud of his effort. Every
thing: In the East is Roosevelt. He has
reached over the heads of the leaders
and the politicians and has won the
great mass of the people._ Roosevelt
cannot be beaten."
OAKLAND, July 6. — George W.
Reed, the attorney, who was a dele
gate to the Republican National Con
vention, has returned, bringing with
him the conviction, based on careful
observation, that President Roosevelt's
election is a certainty.
"The ticket is the strongest that hag
been presented to the American peo
ple in years," said Mr. Reed. "The
convention that nominated Roosevelt
and Fairbanks will go down in history
as one of the most memorable events
in our political life. Never in the rec
ord of the Republican party has there
been such a presentation of the Re
publican policy as that which was
made in Elihu Roofs speech. That
oration is a political classic. It will
live in the annals of American political
life as a magnificent and masterly pro
duction. It was the finest political
speceh I ever heard.
Delegate George W. Reed Declares In
Strong Terms That Republicans
Hold Right of Way.
BROTHER VALLKSIAN. WHO SUC
CEEDS PHOTHER ZEXOXIAN AS
PRESIDENT OF ST. MARYS. •
SAYS CONVENTION WAS
A MEMORABLE EVENT
;:P.d the vacancy on the board will
have to be filled by the appointment
of Superintendent T. O. Crawford.
There was a contest in the district
and considerable feeling over the ques
tion of moving the Stonybrook school
to a more centrally located place. The
proceedings held to call the election
were so irregular, however, that Judge
Greene held to-day that the entire
election had been invalidated.
OAKLAND. July G. — The recent
school election held in the Stonybrook
school district was declared void to
day by Judge Greene, and neither D.
W. King nor F. J. Pereira. who were
both candidates for office, was de
clared elected. In fact the Judge de
< id^d that neither had been elected
ings Were So IrrejrrLjr as to
Invalidate It.
Jiidprc Greene Holds That tltc Proceed-
STOXVBIIOOIv SCHOOL
ELECTION WAS VOID
"Whenever we are not able to explain
complicated phenomena, we are at first
inclined to imagine that their cause
must be of similar complication to the
phenomenon itself. Thus the idea of
an invisible complicated egg-structure
was adopted in order 'to explain the
heredity of instincts and forms, and
thus the ideas of mysterious structures
of the gangleonlc cells are still held
by many in order to explain the me
chanism of reflex phenomena and In
stincts. All these attempts fail for the
reason that they tried to explain com
plicated phenomena without having
them analyzed Into their simpler con
stituents. As long as we consider In
stincts as units which cannot be de
composed, we must naturally imagine
the heredity of these instincts under
the mental picture of a mysterious
clockwork contained In the egg. But
as soon as we analyze them we are
confronted with very simple phe
nomena which make the Idea of a mys
terious invisible structure unneces
sary."
"Still another field of phenomena
makes it impossible to attempt to lead
back the heredity forms to mysterious
egg-structures of a highly complicated
nature. I mean the phenomena of
heteromorphosis*. By heteromorphosis
is meant the substitution of an
organ by another one which is dif
ferent morphologically and physiolo
gically. Tubularia, a hydroid. con
sists of a stem which carries on
one end a polyp or head and
on the other end a root or foot. If one
cuts oft the foot and surrounds the
wound with sea water from all sides a
new head is formed instead of a foot.
We thus have an animal which has a
head on each end of It3 body. But if
we bring the wound In contact with
a solid body, sur.h as the bottom of
the aquarium, a foot is formed. If
we cut a piece out of the stem, which is
only the size of the polyp, and sur
round it by water from all sides, a
head is formed at either end, but as
there is no material left between the
two heads, we thus obtain Janus heads,
without stem and foot.
The formation of a skeleton is noth
ing but the precipitation of crystals of
certain salts of calcium. The condi
tions for this are purely physical and
without doubt are determined through
metabolism and omotic processes.
Through their action such an increase
in the concentration of the intracellu
lar or pericellular liquids is produced
in certain places that these crystals
must be forced. Thus again, as in the
case of instinct, the analysis of the
phenomena renders the assumption of
mysteriously complicated structure in
the egg unnecessary.
ter into the Interior of the sphere. In
addition, capillary forces between the
cells probably play a role, too, in the
arrangement of the wall of the blaa
tula. Thus the cavity of the blastula
is formed. Therefore the egg does not
need any other qualities for the hered
ity of the blastula stage than certain
chemical substances and the osmotic
properties which are peculiar to almost
all living protoplasms, and which we
can imitate in the laboratory in artifi
cial .membranes.
"The formation of the gastrula from
the blastula presupposes that two dif
ferent substances are present in the
egg which form the ectoderm and the
entoderm. These may be . separated
from the beginning, and this would
harmonize with the assumption, al
ready made in regard to the instincts,
that the different poles of the animal
are already intimated in the unicellu
lar ess by a corresponding distribution
of the different substances, but it is
not even absolutely necessary that this
separation exists already in the origi
nal egg cell. It is quite possible that
migrations of the substances take place
in the blastula through osmosis, which
lead to a gathering of a specific ento
dermal substances at a certain place
in the biastula. Here the entoderm is
formed and invagination into the cav
ity of the blastula takes place.
SKELETON IS NOTHING.
OAKLAND. July 6.— 3Irs. Oscar Fitz-
Allen Long is home again and very
happy over her husband's recent pro
motion and retirement.
He has been made a brigadier gen
eral and may now rest from the ardu
ous labors that have so long made him
a conspicuous figure in the nation's
war plans.
Mrs. Long has returned from her
Washington associations, winsome and
unspoiled as in the days when, as Amy
Requa, she was the most popular girl
in Oakland. Aside from her position
as the wife of General Long, Mrs. Long
is exceedingly interesting in herself,
I possessing a clean-cut wit and des
| criptlve power that gives a keen relish
; to her reminiscences of life at the cap
ital.
Mrs. Requa and Mrs. Long enter
tained a few friends at an informal
luncheon to-day at Highlands and the
affair, t^hough small, was in keeping
j with the lavish ho-spitality for which
! Mrs. Requa is noted. Around the
board were seated Miss .Anita Thom
son, Miss Loretta Hanley, Mrs. A. D.
| Thomson, Miss Mollie Connors, Mrs.
i John F. Connors, Mrs. Pringle, Mrs.
Requa and Mrs. Long. Little Amy and
Sallie Long, ever since they were old
enough tc- sit in a chair, have presided
with their grandmother at the head of
the table, occupying seats at either
side, and the sight of the two beautiful
children there is always one of the !
most pleasing features of a visit: to the ;
hospitable home.
• « •
Mr. and Mrs. William Lynham
Shiels have returned frc.-m Honolulu, J
whore they spent two delightful i
months. Mrs. Shiels is the picture of |
health and brown as a berry — a very i
becoming hue it is, too. '
Prince Luigi and Admiral and Mrs.
Glass were in Honolulu during the stay
of the Shiels, so th& picturesque .Ha
waiian town presented one constant
round of entertainment and gayety.
Mrs. Shiels will be in town only a few
days, leaving for Rowardennan for a
sojourn of two months.
Mrs. Bennet, Mrs. Shiels' mother,
who was also in Honoluiu, has gone
to the McCloud to visit the Thomas H. i
Williams-es in their cc-untry home.
| . . ?
A jolly little luncheon was given at
the Golf Club house Monday. After
luncheon the party enjoyed a game on
the links, which will soon be turned
over to the Cross-Country Club and di
verted to other purposes. In the Mon
day gathering were: Mr. and Mrs.
George E. de Golia. Miss Noel's de
Golia, Mr. and Mrs. William Pierce
Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. George Sterett
Wheaton. Mtss Elizabeth McNear, Miss
Abbie Church, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
East Miller, Mr. and Mrs. Robert M.
Fitzgerald, Dr. and Mr3. James P. H.
i Dunn. Dr. Carpenter, Dr. Charles Min
or Cooper, Charles Hubbard, Mrs. Mat
thews, C. B. Gould. M. W. Kales.
fc • , •
Miss Estelle Kleeman and her moth
er, Mrs. W. N. Kleeman, will be the
guests, for a timo of Mrs. Washington
Marion at Camp Meeker.
Mrs. Brace Hayden is spending the
month of July at Highlands.
• • • .
Mrs. Edgar Stone is recuperating
from her recent long illness at Los
Gatos. Her sister, Miss Anna Weeks
of Sacramento, is with her.
• - * •
ALAMEDA, July 6.— Mrs. William Sr.
of this city and Mrs. S. R. Garcelon of
Oakland left to-day for a month's so
journ at Pacific Grove.
Airs. E. D. Ells will leave* Friday
morning for Boston and Bar Harbor,
where she will visit relatives and
friends. Mrs. Ells will be away from
Alameda for three months and before
returning will view the St. Louis expo
sition.' .- , > •
Mr. and . Mrs. James Hamblv," Miss
Helen Hambly and Miss Fannie Martin
will pass the .remainder- of. this '.month
at Camp Vacation.
.Mrs. George Whitney has returned 1
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
RETURN HOME.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 6.
By a decision handed down by Judge
Greene to-day people who did not have
the absolute decrees of divorce granted
them a year ago changed to interloc
utory decrees, but have treated these
decrees as final and married again, are
bigamists. He has stated that all ab
solute decrees granted by different
Judges throughout the State under the
apprehension that the present law was
unconstitutional are void and must
take the course prescribed by law. Un
congenial couples must first have an
interlocutory decree granted and then
wait a year and take out their final
decrees.
This decision was rendered to-day in
the case of Annie M. Smith, who was
granted an absolute decree of divorce
from John M. Sheppard a year ago and
allowed to resume her maiden name.
She did not have the absolute decree
set aside and an interlocutory decree
substituted, but after waiting the year
out, under advice of her attorney,
treated the divorce as final. A few
days ago she married Clarence Lang
tlon. By the decision handed down to
day she is still the legally wedded wife
of John Sheppard, from whom she be
lieved herself absolutely free.
Many other people in the State are
in the same condition.
Decision Handed Down To-
Day Places Couple in a
Very Awkward Position
ABSOLUTE DECREE VOID
Matrimonial Tangle Hard to
Straighten Out and Anna
Smith Has Two Husbands
The names of the committee which
issued the foregoing statement on be
half of the congregation were not
made public.
"Unfortunately Mrs. W. X. Bene
dict also left Oakland on June 20, but
at present there are absolutely no facts
to prove that their leaving on the same
day was anything more than a coin
cidence."
"Mr. Hoag for the past few weeks
has been in very poor health, which
may to a certain extent account for his
actions.
"Inasmuch as the affairs of our
church and our minister have been
discussed in the. press in the last few
days it stems proper to us to make
the following statement of facts:
"Mr. Hoag left Oakland for his va
cation on June 20 and on June 24
wrote a letter to George L. Voice ten
dering his resignation as pastor of our
church. For some reason, unknown to
us, this letter did not reach Mr. Voice
until July o.
TMrs. Hoag has also received a let
ter from Hoag, written on June 24, in
which he states that for reasons best
known to himself he will not return
to Oakland.
After the pastor's resignation had
been accepted this evening a commit
tee of three members of the congre
gatioif was appointed to draw up a
statement for the public. After some
discussion the committee issued the
following statement:
In his letter to Mr. Voice Hoag
makes no reference to Mrs. "W. X.
Benedict, whose husband accused the
missing minister of eloping with his
wife, but it is significant that both the
letter and resignation w'ere written be
fore any public accusation had been
made. Mr. Voice thinks that the delay
in receiving the letter was due to its
having been left with some one to be
mailed after Mr. Hoag had left San
Francisco, and this belief is strength
ened by the fact that the letter was
maiTed in Oakland.
"If you can, pray for me. I shall al
ways try to be a good man. I may
not live long, but while I do I shall
try to live right.
"If you still feel kindly toward me,
show it by being as kind as you can to
Mrs. Hoag and Allie. Charles W.
Hoag."
"I hereby present my resignation as
pastor of the church to take effect on
July 15, or at any time that you may
determine upon. Charles W. Hoag."
The pastor's resignation was re
ceived yesterday by Mr. Voice and was
enclosed in the following letter, which
was mailed in this city, and is dated
June 24, four days after the disappear
ance of the missing clergyman:
'"San Francisco, June 24. — My dear
brother (if I may still call you so): I
write to you because I think you un
derstand, at least in part.
"I am going away and in all prob
ability I shall never return. I know
this is a weak move, but it is the best
I can do.
The Rev. Charles Wayland Koag, the
missing pastor of the Plymouth Avenue
Congregational Church, has resigned
his pulpit, and the members of the con
gregation voted to-night to accept the
resignation, the same to take effect at
once. The resignation was read to the
congregation by George L. Voice, sen
ior deacon of the church, by whom it
was received yesterday through the
mail, and it read as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 6.
"¦What must be contained in the egg
in order to cause this succession of lar
val stages which finally lead to the
adult form of the sea-urchin? If -we
analyze the conditions which lead to
the . origin of these successive stages
we see that circumstances of no less
simplicity are sufficient as for the he
redity of Instincts. The blastula is de
termined through. two circumstances:
the fact that the spherical" egg Is sur
rounded by sea water, and that the os
motic and -metabolic qualities of the
protoplasm of the egg are of such a na
ture that liquid is pressed from the wa-
"It is well known that the egg of the
sea-urchin is at first a single spherical
cell, which, after fertilization, breaks
up into many correspondingly smaller
cells, from which aggregation of small
cells a v hollow sphere originates filled
with liquid, the so-called blastula. ¦ The
wall of this hollow sphere is formed by
the small cells" of the egg. At this stage
of development the larvae are already
able to swim around.' A little later an
increased growth takes place in one
portion of this hollow sphere, and the
consequence is that this rapidly grow
ing part is pushed into the interior of
the hollow 'sphere. Thus the new em
bryonic phase is reached, the so-called
gastrula stage. Finally, in certain
phases of the gastrula crystals of cal
cium salts are formed and the skeieton
originates, with the formation of which
the embryo enters the so-called pluteus
stage.
SEA-URCHIN EXPERIMENT.
"The instinctive actions of animals
are hereditary and can only be trans
mitted through the sexual cells. The
problem of heredity from the physio
logical standpoint is in brief as follows:
How can an egg, a simple vesicle filled
with a viscous liquid which contains
seme solid constituents, be the . bearer
of such complicated mechanisms as the
hereditary instincts? Two views are
possible a priori: Either the simplicity
or homogeneity of the egg is only an
Illusion and in reality it contains an
invisible mysterious structure of a
similar degree of complexity to the
adult animal, or the complicated mech
anism of the instincts is the result of
very simple circumstances, which do
not require •any complicated structure
for their transmission through the egg.
All other possible suppositions are. only
compromises between these two pos
sibilities. Our present argument is in
favor of the latter solution, which, we
hope, will do away with some of the
mystic aspects of heredity and render
a number of very complicated, albeit
ingenious, theories redundant.
"As" to the mysterious egg structure
which this theory presupposes is ad
mittediy invisible it is impossible to
prove directly its non-existence. To the
second view' we are necessarily led
when we attempt to analyze the in
stincts Into their elements, which will
deprive them of much that seemed
very mysterious before.
"As far as the instincts are concerned
there is no reason to suppose that the
ess contains other mysterious compli
cated structures than such as might
possibly be expressed in the formulae
of the chemist. As soon as we decom
pose the complicated instincts into
their elements we understand that a
simple cell like the egg can be the
bearer of complicated instincts. The
conditions in the egg which are re
quired for this purpose are, first, polar
differences in the chemical constitution
in the egg substance; and second,
the presence of such substances
in the egg as determine heliotropic,
chemotropic, stereotropic and similar
phenomena of irritability.
"But the egg is the bearer of another
series of hereditary qualities, namely,
of the animal's bodily system. Again
we must raise the question how such a
simple thing as the egg can be the car
rier of circumstances which determine,
so complicated structures as are those
of most animals. Again we have, a
priori, the choice between two answers.
Either the simplicity of the egg struc
ture is only an illusion and we have in
reality an invisible structure of the
same degree of complexity in the egg
as that of the adult organism; or, sec
ondly, we do not require the mysteri
ous structures for the transmission of
such complicated mechanisms as seem
to be necessary for the formation of
organs, and comparatively simple con
ditions of the cellular substance in con
nection with external circumstances
are sufficient to explain the mystery.
Dr. Loeb's views were expressed in
a discourse under the subject "Theory
or Animal Instincts From the Point
of View of Heredity." He said in part:
INSTINCT HEREDITY.
Professor Jacques Loeb of the Uni
versity of California believes that after
all heredity in animals is transmitted
through a very simple mechanism, as
opposed to the theories of other scien
tists that the machinery is a most
complicated thing and difficult for men
to master. In the opiniQn of the great
biologist the simplicity of the process
is no mere illusion that is rendered
mysterious and enigmatic by an/in
visible movement beyond the power of
man to solve.
In a lecture before the students of
the summer school in the Philosophy
building this evening Dr. Loeb stripped
the veil of mysticism from the prob
lem that has been a source of long re
searching by himself and other biolo
gists. The eggs of animals that he has
investigated, he declares, do not con
tain any very mysterious complicated
structures. They are such that might
even be expressed in the formulae of
a chemist.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, July 6.
A meeting was held at the Fruitvale
school last night to consider the prop
osition which was addressed by Super
intendent of Schools T. O. Crawford.
Some of the trustees representing the
districts interested who were present
were W. S. Dunlevy, G. W. Hazelton,
R. H. Roane, Joseph Damm, George J.
Hans, Grubb and Taylor of Fruitvale
and Sawyer and O'Toole of Elmhurst.
In regard to the requirements Super
intendent Crawford told them that he
thought the establishment of such a
school would cost about $10,000 the first
year and half this sum the second.
This amount of money would pay the
rent of a building, pay three teachers'
salaries and equip a laboratory and
school rooms. He did not know but ft
might be done for $7500. Ninety-six
pupils were graduated from the gram
mar schools of these districts during
the past year and the necessity of such
a school he thought was very appar
ent. To. send a pupil to a high school
outside of the district costs the parents
$50 a year. By establishing one of
their own it would cost about $23 a
pupil.
The proposal to build a Union High
School by Bray, Elmhurst, Melrose,
Lockwood and Fulton school districts
is being actively agitated by the school
boards of these districts and it is be
lieved that by the time the Board of
Supervisors is ready to make the tax
levy these districts will have taken the
necessary steps to have their property
taxed for the establishment of a high
school of their own.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 6.
According to the report 665 pupils
failed of promotion during the last
twelve months and 10.561 were tardy.
The lar^e number of students who
came late is attributed by Mr. Moore
to the fact that the local schools open
at S:43 in the morning, while the usual
<'penir.g: time in other cities is S o'clock.
Jt is rrobable that there will be a
change made in this respect next term
and that 9 o'clock will be set for the
opening of the schools. Mr. Moore rec
ommends that domestic science be
taught the girls in the Alameda High
School, that the movement to establish
a public playground be encouraged and
that a kindergarten system be inaugu
rated in the local department.
Upon this point he rays:
"The large number of children who
are of school age but who are not at
tending school, as shown by the last
census reports, would argue the wis
dom of taking some steps for the en
forcement of the new compulsory edu
cation law. This can be done without
the adjunct of the parental school as
at first supposed. As soon as certain
statistics can be obtained from the
census roll sent to the County Super
intendent, I hope to place in each prin
cipal's hands a list of the pupils, names
and addresses who should be in school
but who are not. The cause of non-at
tendance in each case can then be as
certained and this will form a basis
upon which intelligent action may be
taken."
ALAMEDA, July 6.— In his report for
the last fiscal year now on file with
the Board of Education, Superinten
dent of Schools F. T. Moore gives the
exjvenscs of conducting the department
as JS5.211 80 as against $83,817 SO for the
preceding twelve months. He also as
serts in the document that there are
many children of census age who are
r.ot attending school and recommends
that the compulsory education law be
strictly enforced.
LAW ENMESHES
FAIR DIVORCEE
Meeting Held at Fruit
vale to Consider the
Necessary Steps to Take
Minister Will Not Return
to Oakland and Has De
serted Family and Work
Biologist Says Structures
May Now Be Expressed
in Chemists' Formulae
THEY MAKE STATEMENT
Will Refer to Statistics
Regarding Compulsory Ed
ucation Across the Bay
TO ENFORCE THE LAW
WILL AGITATE SUBJECT
IT IS ALL AN ILLUSION
Trustees of Melrose, Fulton,
Bray, Elmhurst and Lock
wood Districts {Discuss It
Dr. Jacques Loeb Removes
the Mysterious Veil That
Has Surrounded Its Past
Rev. Charles Wayland Hoag
Sends His Resignation
to tli8 Church Deacons
Startling Statement Made
by the Superintendent
of Alameda Department
HEREDITY GOES
A SIMPLE WAY
WOULD BUILD
HIGH SCHOOL
MISSING PAST0R
IS HEARD FROM
CHILDREN STAY
FROM SCHOOLS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7. 1905.
Brother Vellesian, Prefect of Education, Will
Succeed Brother Zenonian Who Leaves the
Institution to Take Up Work at Sacred Heart
NEW PRESIDENT APPOINTED
FOR ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
7
THE GRASS WIDOW.
BRYSON PAINTED HER ..
In a typical moment. His por-
trait in oils is so charming, life
color scheme so original and
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy we will give
— FREE— -^FREE — j
Next Sunday. It is one of •
A STRIKING SERIES
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at great cost ' of time,
trouble and money, the
SAX FRANCISCO CALL
Has bought for its readers.
If you fail to get a single one
of these 'beautiful and novel
Brysons you will be sorry.
ADVEBTTSE"ttEXrrS.
"It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
the world.
established 1789.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKIiAND.
101", Broadway.
Telephone 31 a In 10S3.
RkkKki.k.V.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTI3E3EENTS.
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure it with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
the
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate the trouble
and remove .the cause.
EXAMINATIONS MADE ntEE.
All our work is high grade. The teeth
made in our laboratory are perfect in
appearance and action.
Plates. Toll Set, $3. Brldffa Work. S5.
post-graduatTdental college
3 TAVX.O3 ST., SAIT FHAJT CISCO.
973 Washintrtoa St.. Oailaad.
fan Jose. • • • Sacramento.have distinguished guests coming shortly in the Knights
Templar and must H be able at least to guarantee or
dinary safety.
San Francisco is suffering at present from a decidedly
uncomfortable revival of the; "hold-up" industry. The
knights of the mask and bludgeon are playing havoc
with belated and bibulous citizens, and lectures on tem
perance and early hours seem not to have the effect de
sired. The time is opportune for the police to begin a
house-cleaning and rid the town of its disturbers. We
GRAMMAR SCHOOLS— J. A.. City.
For such information as you desire
about percentage in grammar schools
in thfs city address a letter of inquiry
to the City and County Superintendent
of Public Schools, City Hall.
DENTISTRY— H. I. X.. City. The
practice of dentistry In the United
States i3 governed by the laws of ea,ch
State as to license or diploma.
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market at*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Those who already have promised
their services include Mrs. Choate, the
Marchioness of Dufferin, Baroness Al
fred von Oppenheim,- Princess: Hatz
feldt. Lady Nayior Leyland, Lady
Cbeylesmore, Mrs. Hunsiker.- Mrs.
Ronalds, Mrs. Cbauncey," th» Countess
LONDON. June 21.— When the tele
graphic dispatches come in describing
the charity bazaar wnlch is to be
opened to-day in London and continue
three days in aid of the Victoria Hos
pital for Children, there may be some
surprise to see how many of the fair"
American members of the smart set
ere connected with it.
v ''American Cliartiyin London.
A statement of that kind desefves more than passing
attention. It shows that however proud we may be of.
our orchards we have no reason to be proud of our
methods of handling the crops. How completely the
French surpass us in that respect is shown by the Con
sul's statement. Writing from Bordeaux he says:
"In 1903, for instance, there. were almost no prunes
raised in this, region— probably not one-twentieth of the
normal crop. The deficit was supplied by the importa
tion of prunes grown in California and Oregon! This
fact I know from having been required to make in-
ALBION W. TOURGEE. American Consul at Bor
deaux, reports that French methods of packing
prunes are so much superior to those of our
packers. that the French can import California prunes,
repack them and send them back to this country, paying
duty as if they were French prunes, and sell them in
our markets, perhaps in California itself, at prices suffi
ciently high to yield a profit after defraying all the ex
penses entailed by the repacking and the double trans
portation across the ocean.
The coming bazaar In which so many
of them are interested will be under
the patronage of her Majesty and all
the ladies of the royal family in or ,
near London will be present.
As Home Folks See Her.
When kindergarten days were o'er,
They nocked her lisping voice to hear
In childish "piece. ' They never saw
Her do so well, "the little dearl!"
The grammar school she conquered • next:
She spoke of jjlory. "dropped a tear;
Her lisp was cone, advanced her text.
But 8till they cried. "The little dear!"
And when — a high school graduate.
• She read an essay. ."Woman's Sphere,"
Regardless of her new estate.
Again they murmured, "Little dear!"
So. when to-day she makes her bid
For fame with senior thesis, clear,
Her folks will say. "How well she did!
v\e knew she would, the little dear!"
-> '//*-:.:• /¦"-."•"¦ — Puck.
Royalty in Captivity.
France detains as prisoners of state
in Algeria both the Emperor of Annam
and the Queen of Madagascar, while in
Martinique she keeps Imprisoned the
King of Dahomey. King Prempeh of
Aehanti, along with his numerous
wives, the Queen mother and his chil
dren are prisoners of Great Britain on
the Seychelles Islands.
The savage King of Benin has-taken
the place of the great Napoleon as an
other of England's royal captives on
the island of St. Helena, and in addi
tion to these two African potentates
Great Britain has several Indian rulers
under detention since the loss of their
thrones on the ground of misconduct.
They are all well treated, and, in fact,
except for the loss of liberty and the
sense of restraint the lot of royal pris
oners, be they white or colored, is by
no means , unpleasant. True, they are
behind bars. But then the bars are
Cllded.
A LESSON IN PRUNES.
FOREIGN DECORATTONS-Soldler..
City. Under the regulations of the Na
tional Guard of California, contained in
special orders under date of July 16.
1903, "no decoration received from a
foreign government shall be worn by
officers or men while on duty with
State troops."
AZORES ISLANDS— M. S. S., Gilroy,
Cal. The following-named books, to bo
procured through any first-class book
seller, are descriptive of the Azores Isl
ands and the inhabitants: "Azores or
Western Islands," by W. F. Walker;
"Among the Azores," by L. H. Weeks'
and "Voyage of the Earl of Cumber
land to the Azores," by E. Wright.
The National Prohibition party has nominated Swallow
for the high office of President of the United States. It
makes us all glad to learn after all that there is one swal
low our prohibition friends will . take without a fear of
evil results. There is no evasion of the fact, however,
that most American "voters will not be as sympathetically
inclined. .
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-50o. 7f 4th
»t, front of Key's CeL Oyster House. •
. " 'They must have floated In from
some shipwreck,' saya Bill, and we goes
after the rest - of the cocoanuts that
were floating around till we got all in
sight and fills up the bottom of the
boat with i them. Well, we judges that
there must be $40 or $30 worth of opium
in the load. Instead of cocoanuts, we
find that the tins had been wrapped in
papers full of Chinese characters, so
that they'd float in case of shipwreck.
"So we takes the stuff to the wharf
and packs it. to a vacant house on Ore
gon street, and puts it under the front
steps. Then we buy a couple of pack
ing boxes, dumps the huts Into them
anri-puts them under the steps again.
We take a can as a sample and go up
to Chinatown, and they direct us to a
Chink, who examines the stuff and tells
Us he'll buj^all we have of it if we
The slabs were empty and business
was dull one Saturday night in the
Morgue, and Deputy Coroner Charles
Meehan grew reminiscent.
"I'll never forget how near I was to
getting Into serious trouble without
having: the slightest suspicion of it." he
said, as the humorous crows' feet at
the corners of his eyes opened and
closed like fans. "It was some years
ago, and I and my chum. Bill Smith,
were out of- work, business being dull
in the plumbing line. Well, we took a
rowboat along Meigrgs wharf one aft
ernoon just to kill time, when BUI sees
a lot of things like cocoanuts a-floatin*
on the water. He sticks out his oar and
he pulls in half a dozen. They were
strung together, Just like beads, and we
cut open one of the cocoanuts to sec
what was inside of them, and we dug
out a little square tin with a Chinese
label on It, and when we open it we
find a lot of black stuff that smells like
opium. 9
Innocent Smugglers.
Considering the Countess' fascinating
personality and her husband's great
¦wealth, this seems extremely likely,
especially when the Prince of Wales
succeeds to the throne and the Princess
becomes England's Queen. Lady Dal
housie, who is one of last year's brides,
is the youngest daughter of Lord and
Lady Ancaster, and before her mar
riage was known as Lady Mary Wil
loughby. a name made historic by the
Jirst holder of the title, who was one
of the greatest soldiers of that war
rior King. Edward I. To good looks
Lady Dalhoutie unites a winning and
Fyrapathctic personality, and has lon£
been active in many charitable works
vhich engage much of her mother's
attention. Lord Dalhousie owns about
128,000 acres in Scotland, a. couple of
castles, Erechin and Dalhousie, and an
other stately residence, Panmure
House, in Forfarshire. He is a youns
man— not yet quite 2€ years old— but
has shown that he possesses the mar
tial spirit of his ancestors, having
served In the South African war as a
second lieutenant of the Scots Guards.
It is expected that he and the Countess
¦will entertain the Prince and Princess
of Wales this summer at one or the
other of their castles.
MARRIAGE— J. B. B.. City. It has
been held that If "a man and woman
live together in a State for four years
under circumstances which In that
State would be held to be a common
law marriage, and under the laws of
that State a divorce would have to bo
obtained before either could marry."
such living together constitutes a legal
marriage, and though the parties have,
since residing in that State, lived apart
for three years, the marriage Is still in
force. If either desired to marry In
this State a divorce would have to be
obtained.
NEW v . r^2SJ? c AI U >P THE PIU-NCESSOP WALES' INTIMATE FRIEND. THE
SS ° F DALHOUSIK. WHO IS EXPECTED TO BECOME ONE OF
THE GREAT -LONDON HOSTESSES OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY.
HOG.
You've no right to the end seat;
Hunch over;
You cannot sit next to the street;
Hunch over.
No matter where you want to sit.
And there's nobody holding it.
You mustn't sit* here, not a bit;
Hunch over.
If anybody wants your place.
Hunch oTer.
There is no recourse in the case.
Hunch over.
No matter tnough you pn.y your fare.
No matter though you kick and swear.
You've simply got to move from there;
Hunch over.
The law commands — you've got to go;
Hunch over.
The Aldermen have made It bo;
Hunch over.
You cannot bar the way and clog
The end seat like a buffer log;
Somebody else must be the hog;
Hunch over.
./ — New York Sun.
THE "EXD SEAT HOG" MUST
OBEY NEW MW AND MOVE
INWARD.
RED ANTS— A. S.. City. There are
Insect powders that will destroy ants:
borax placed where they congregate
drives them away; they will run away
from green wormwood leaves placed
near their hiding places. An effective
way of killing them is to smear a plate
with clear lard and place It near where
they abound. They are very fond of
lard and wl!l go for It In the plate and
pay the penalty of their voracity by
being caught so they cannot escape.
When a plate is covered with ants hold
it over an open fire until the lard
captured ants fall into the flre; then
reset the plate. Another method la to
nil a sponge with fine sugar and, when
the cells are full, pour boiling water on
the sponge and scald the Insects to
death.
"Answers to Queries.
The banners referring to the former
three divisions of the British navy, re
spectfully represented by the red, the
white and the blue.
Substitute "Old England, tha gem
of the ocean," and that means some
thing—so the Englishman will say. But
the words as applied to America are
almost meaningless.
"Thy mandates make heroes assemble
When Liberty's form stands in view;
Thy banners make tyrrany tremble.
When borne by the red, white and
blue."
What !s the American national song?
Ask an Englishman, and he won't
agree there Is such a thing— unless,
perhaps, "Yankee Doodle." which, after
all, he will be sure to add. is only a
Mother Goose Jingle. Few Americans
need longer be told "My Country. 'Tis
of Thee." is only "God Save the King"
made over for American uses— even tha
cats In this country, as Mark Twain
said of "Du Blst Wle Elne Blume"
in Germany, now know this. An Eng
lishman will say, however, that of all
the absurd and grotesque adaptations,
that of "Columbia, the Gem of tha
Ocean," from the British navy sons. Is
the worst. That there undoubtedly are
Americans who think "Three Cheers
for the Red. White and Blue" was ex
pressly written in praise of American
Stars and Stripes is a little strange,
and shows that the words have been
suns: without much thought as to their
meaning; with no more Idea, In fact,
of the significance of the words than
the little girl who wrote:
"My country, tissuf the.
Sweet land uv libber tea."
Our National Song.
That, however, is not the proper way to measure the
cost of a Government. It is chosen because it makes
each individual listener feel that he is paying the whole
of it. All statisticians, economists and publicists esti
mate the cost of government by its cost per capita. The
cost of our Federal Government is just $7.97 per capita
per year. That is what each American pays for what he
gets from his country. It amounts to sixty-six and
seven-twelfths cents a month, sixteen cents a week, and
a fraction over two cents a day.
The sadly oppressed American citizen for two cents
a day gets the service of the whole Federal Government.
In cost there are only two Governments cheaper than
ours, India and China, and when compared with ours in
respect to what they do for the money they cost they
are. not in our class at all. The reader whose attention
is arrested by this article has at his service to-day the
whole army and navy, every Federal court, the Presi
dent and his Cabinet, every Foreign Minister and Con
sul, the Congress of the United States, and all and every
power of the Government, for only two cents. •'.;;
The picture is not fanciful; it is real. If an Ameri
can at home or abroad require the service of his Gov
ernment, for himself alone, one day, it costs him two
cents for the use of every branch of the Government and
every part of every branch that his need may require.
It is well .to keep this in mind when we are told .the
Government oppresses? us through its cost. Our Gov
ernment is equal to the best ever enjoyed by man, and
its economy is excelled only by China and India.
It is always -lamentable when the emergencies of a
party compel a resort to tactics that blackwash the
country. If all that is said about our Government and
its cost is true we are suffering greater oppression than
any other people and bear it with more ox-like patience
than any. Fortunately these misrepresentations of the
results of more than a century of free government 'are
not true, nor in the nature of things can they ever be
true.
The cost of the Federal Government has been dis
cussed since the constitution was adopted in conven
tion, and the specter of a central government, costing the
people dearly and rendering no equivalent service, was
invoked to prevent the formation of the Union in 1789.
But the effort failed then and though often repeated it
lias not succeeded in separating the trust and affection of
the people from the Federal Government, nor destroyed
their reliance upon it as the source of order and law and
protection for the institutions of liberty. The money of
the people paid in support of the Federal Government all
has to be appropriated by Congress, and in the aggrc
gate*appropriations we get the measure of the cost of all
that the Federal Government does.
The attack of Mr. Williams and the peculiar people
whom he leads is made upon what they call the "Billion
dollar Congresses" of the Republican party. Each
Congress has a life of two years and it must make the
necessary appropriations to carry on the Government
for two fiscal years. The reproachful term had its or
igin when the expenses of the Federal Government rose
to a billion dollars for two years or $500,000,000 per year.
Looked at in the lump.it seems an enormous sum. .Mr.
Williams is fond of figuring it down to so much per day,
per hour and per minute to make people groan and flinch
from their wrung withers. «
IN these days of political oratory and while the voice
of the spell binder is heard in the land and also the
tap-tap-tapping of the party platform-maker, busy at
his work, it is well to take a few fore and back sights.
The favorite themtf of the politician in campaigns is
the enormous cost of government. Mr. John. Sharp
Williams, the Democratic floor leader in the House, is
brightly gifted as a manipulator of figures to prove that
we are the most, tax-ridden people on the earth. His
voice is raised to denounce the extravagance of the Re
publican party and his picture of the woes of the people
is enough to make even a tax collector weep. His
method of promoting the interests of his party does not
promote the welfare of his country, nor does it do jus
tice to republican institutions. _ Surely if this, the
greatest of the republics, is a failure and visits upon its
citizens the several forms of oppression, repression anc*
depression charged against it by Mr. Williams, the hir
tory of the United States is a warning to the world to
avoid republican institutions, and a loud cry to adver
tise the fact that the Goddess of Liberty is a brazen
huzzy. >
THE COST OF GOVERNMENT,
The Board of Health has found it necessary to reduce
the number of patients in the City and County Hospi
tal and to weed out many that have usurped public ser
vice to the exclusion of more deserving people. The
board might also, with considerable advantage to the un
fortunates in the institution, secure attendants compe
tent to prevent violence and murder in the place. Re
cent events plead eloquently for such a reform.
HEAXfrQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
I * HENRIETTA STREET. COYENT
GARDEN*. LONDON, June 21*— Here i«
m. new and unusually attractive portrait
•which has Just been taken of the
young Countess of Dalhousie. It is
now predicted that her ladyship, who
5s one of the intimate friends of the
Princess of Wales, will take her place
eventually as one nf the greatest Lon
don hostesses of the twentieth century.
EpteUI Oorrcepondeact.
Prominent Young Countess.
bring It to his store. Well, we hire an
express wagon, put the boxes on board,
sit up on the seat -with the driver in
broad daylight and ride past the Cus
tom-house into Chinatown. I had no
idea that the stuff was smuggled and
was thrown overboard to be picked up
by somebody on watch, or I wouldn't
have been on that wagon for $300. Well,
to cnt a long story short, how much do
you think the Chinaman offered us?
You could have knocked me down with
a straw. He says, 'I give you $1750 for
the lot. Not worth any more than
that." And ho gave us tha money in
twenty-dollar gold pieces."
"I suppose you invested tha money."
suggested one of his hearers.
"Invested? Well, that's what you call
it- We didn't do a lick of work for a
year. But we'd 'a' gone to th« pen If
the customs officers had caught on that
wagon. They'd 'a* had us dead in tha
door, and we as innocent as babies."
In a wreck report recently filed In
the Custom House by the captain of
a wrecked vessel, the captain truthful
ly gave the cause of the mishap thus:
"Vessel got too close to tUfe rocks."
Another report In the case of a ship
that drifted ashore at Redondo an
swers the auestion as to the, locality
in this manner: ¦ "That portion appro
priately termed 'Hell's Half Acre.* "
Ancrther vessel- was reported to have
stranded "about one mile west of
Point no Point."
In another instance In the case of
the loss of a member of the crew, the
cause is given as "Got foul of For sail
sheet," and In stating in detail the
measures taken to avoid casualty the
answer reads: "Was notlfl to get out
of Way and Stand Clear," and m reply
to the question, "By whom and to
what extent assistance was rendered."
this explanation was made: "Boats
wher Lowered and Ship Stopt in about
two menuts Boat stod by the spot
wher the man fal about twenty menuts
but noting o-f the man was seen." '""•/.
A very frequent' answer to the In
terrogation, '"State in detail measures
taken to avoid, casualty," Is "All pre
cautions possible."
An inspector examining a candidate
for a mate's license asked this ques
tion, "Suppose you had a schooner
loaded with coal oil in the hold and
with lumber on deck and she took flre,
what would you do?"
"I'd throw the lumber overboard so
that it might float ashore and I'd
scuttle the ship to put out the flre,"
replied the man.
"You would, would you?" thundered
the inspector, with all the severity of
a bucko mate.
"Yes, sir," meekly replied the candi
date.
"Hum, hum," muttered the inspector,
"you might do a darned sight worse."
Neiu York Lazv Wakes Muse.
Lucid Explanations.
The opinion b.cks judicial tone and balance. It fails
to state what recourse the people of the mining district
had who were deprived of all their rights under the
constitution, not by the Governor, but by the secret
councils of the inner circle of the Miners' Federation.
They controlled the legal machinerj' of local govern
ment, and thereby held the constitution and the law. in
suspension.. Not only was their punishment impossible
by the local government, but their restraint was also im
pofMble. Every writ known to the judicial processes for
protecting life and property and restraining crime was a
vain thing.
When an attack was made upon a mining property
there and non-union miners and the owners were ex
pelled and the owners appealed to the Governor for
protection an officer of the law telegraphed him that his
action was unnecessary, for the mine was "in the peace
able possession of the Miners' Federation." A search
of the constitution and laws of Colorado fails to revea!
any process by which judicial protection could be ex
tended to the owners of that property, dispossessed, and
their workingmen evicted and deported under the eye of
the officers of the law, who were accessories to the crime
by making no effort to prevent it.
Turning his own phraseology against himself, the
Miners' Federation, having immunity to take possession
of the property of others and to deport a hundred work
ingmen, wound and maim them and forbid their return,
all the people in that district depended for their liberty
not upon the constitution, but upon the grace and favor
of the Miners' Federation. With no judicial remedy in
sight another organization, equally powerful and equally
criminal, might next proceed to take possession of the
ranches at Greeley, or on Clear Creek,' or at Rocky Ford,
and deport the ranchers, and having control of the local
government could do so with as much impunity as the
Miners' Federation enjoyed until the Governor took a
hand in the proceedings.
It is a rule of law and logic that a proposition cannot
be negatived except by j substitute proposition. This
rule is violated. by Justice Steele. He attacks the action
of the Governor and repudiates the majority opinion of
the court, of which he is a menjber, without saying what
should have been done by the Governor or the Govern
ment under the circumstances as they existed in the law
less counties of the State.
He also ignores another element in the situation. The
Governor took jurisdiction in the existence of certain
facts of public knowledge. He could not create those
facts. They were the work of criminals whom the
courts could not reach by reason of the failure of local
government. The Supreme Court surely could not
reach it, for it has only appellate jurisdiction. Justice
'Steele does not- say, but probably thinks, that the Gov
ernor should have waited until the local authorities
called on him to protect life and property and restore
constitutional rights within their jurisdiction. But the
Justice knows also that the local authorities were them
selves a part of the lawlessness, of the disorder and
crime, and that if the Governor had waited for them
every non-union man would be by this time murdered
or deported and every mine in the district would be "in
the peaceable possession of the strikers," to be worked
as they dictated or not at all.
The course of the Governor does not depend on the
single precedent of the military deportation of the
Nauvoo Mormons by Governor Ford. President Cleve
land, mindful of his oath that the laws of the United
States be impartiallj r enforced, sent the regulars to Chi
cago and used them in California to suppress in 1894 the
same conditions that have made riot in Colorado. Gov
ernor Altgeld protested in vain. The President restored
order. Governor Peabody took an oath to faithfully en
force the laws of Colorado. There is a maxim that is
the moral part, of every constitution and every statute:
''The public safety is the supreme law."
The Justice supposes a'case in which another Governor
may deport farmers willfully. The constitution pro
vides punishment for a Governor by impeachment if he
exercise power without reason. With the right of im
peachment to restrain him no Governor will intervene
except for the public safety. Justice Steele's opinion
would have been respectable, even if untenable, if he had
pointed out what the Governor should have done in
stead of decrying what he did.
JUSTICE STEELE of the Colorado Supreme Court
dissents from the rest of the court in its opinion
sustaining Governor Peabody in the measures ne
cessary to make life and property safe in' the mining dis
tricts of that State.
Justice Steele denies the deposit of authority in the
Governor to restore order by executive action. In his
opinion he says: '"If the present Executive is the sole
judge of the conditions which can call into action the
military power of the Government and can exercise all
means necessary to effectually abate the conditions, and
the judicial department cannot inquire into the legality
of his acts, the next Governor may, by his ukase, exer
cise the same arbitrary power. If the military may de
port the miners this year it can deport the farmers next
year, and we shall depend for our liberty not upon the
constitution, but upon the grace and favor of the.Gov
ernor and his militarv subordinates."
of Craven. Lady Arthur Butler, Mrs.
George Vanderbilt. the Hon. Mrs. Ram
say, Mrs. Hall Walker, Mrs. Rldgeley
Carter; Mrs. Lorillard and Mrs. Harold
Baring.
And thereby hangs a tale regarding
these Anglo-American hostesses and
th« Queen. Hitherto It has been the
custom for American society women
In 'London to compete one with another
in works of charity. Mrs. Ronalds and
Mrs. Arthur Paget have, of course, for
years worked together, but as fresh
American women found their way into
English society each of the new arri
vals In her turn commenced a small
charitable campaign of her own. The
Duchess of Marlborough was especially
noticeable In this respect. She desired
to be a charitable institution in herself.
The Queen, when she was Princess of
Wales, anxious to do anything and
everything tcr open the purse strings
of charitably disposed persons, never
refused to lend her patronage to any
scheme promoted' or organized by re
sponsible women. Since she has be
come Queen she has not the time to
devote to individual effort and I un
derstand that her Majesty informed
Mrs. Ronalds, who passed the word
along, that she would be glad if the
American ladies would Join forces
wherever possible. The result is that
in most cases in future American
women will work collectively so far as
charitable undertakings are concerned.
spections of the condition of. such importations and
afterward to give testimony in litigation resulting from
controversies over the quality and salable character of
such prunes. Though the prune crop of this region was
so small as to be almost negligible, the quantity in the
markets of the world not being large enough, in fact, to
supply the home demand, the export of French prunes
was' not materially lessened: I have been unable to get
any information that any were shipped as 'California
prunes.' None passing through this- consulate was in
voiced as such."
Thus it appears that France holds foremost place in
the world's market for. prunes, not because she pro
duces more or better prunes than California, but .be
cause her packers and merchants know better how to
market them. As a matter of fact California deals with
her fruit in much the same way the South used to deal
with cotton; producing it in abundance but selling it
cheaply as raw material for others to make a profit from.
The South has learned, her lesson and. is now rapidly be
coming the manufacfurer of her cotton crop. California
should imitate her example. There is rto reason what
ever why prunes grown in Santa Clara County should be
shipped to Bordeaux to be packed in order to command
good prices in the markets of San Francisco.
JUSTICE STEELE'S DISSENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY . 7, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
1
Publication Office ...'. .Tliird and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY JULY 7, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8thi? following three questions to which
no immediate answer was required:
"Do not your books show that re
ceipts were issued for more wheat than
was ever received?"
"Do not your books show that re
ceipts were issued to Eppinger & Co.
for more wheat than was received?"
"Is it not a fact that there was writ
ten in 20,000.000 pounds of wheat and
12,000,000 pounds of barley more than
was received?"
The argument as to the custody of
the books which was to have been held
before Milton J. Green yesterday morn
ing was postponed until 1 o'clock this
afternoon, as the attorneys for the de
fense were unable to be present. In
the meantime -the order directing Re
ceiver Wadsworth to regain possession
of them will not be enforced. The case
goes on at 10 o'clock this morning.
The executive committee of the
Knights Templar yesterday submit
ted to the Board of Works plans and
specifications for the illumination of
Market street during the conclave to
be, held in this city next September.
The plans call for ninety-eight loops,
each containing thirty-seven lights,
from Steuart street to Turk and
sixty-flve loops from Turk street to
Tenth. There will be one colonnade
with 2540 lights. At the intersection
of Market, Geary and Kearny streets
there will be a main court having
7354 lights. '
The board appointed J. Sullivan and
J. Halloran inspectors of street and
sewer work.
The recommendation of the City
Engineer* that sewers be constructed
on Chenery, .Natick "and Arlington
streets to stop the surface flow of
sewage was adopted.
The resignation of R. L. Goldberg,
draughtsman, was accepted.
W. L. Harper of the Oceanside Im
provement Club asked the board to
compel Peter McHugh to carry out his
contract to improve Forty-ninth ave
nue. • Harper said McHugh wanted to
shirk his contract and ' if he does the
club named will sue him on his bond..
Knights Templar Executive Commit
tee Prepares for Scheme of Dec
oration for Conclave.
FILES PLAX OF MARKET
STREET ILLUMINATION"
A citation was issued yesterday
calling upon the heirs and others in
terested to. appear August 23 in Judge
Kerrigan's court to answer the con
test commenced by Antonio Berkowski
Ogonowaka against the will of Palagia
Maria Krazyanowski. The estate is
worth about $30,000 and a former con
teat was compromised for $10,000. In
the estate in question 1 the court yester
day gave permission to Administrator
M. J. Hynes to draw all of the money
out of bank.
Will Contest to Be Heard.
Reports from Lake Tahoe say that trout
P.FhiriR in that vicinity is finer this year than
it was last. Several San Franciscans spending
the summer there have made big catches o*
the speckled beauties.
The Southern Pacific is selling low rate tick
ets to Tahoe, with stopovers ranging from two
to ninety days. Investigate Tahoe a» an outing
place. Folder and full information at <T13
Market street. •
Fishing at I^uke Tahoe.
William Bray, convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court on a charge of
simple assault, pleaded guilty yester
day to another charge of a similar na
ture and was sentenced to serve ninety
days in the County Jail on each
charge. The original charge was as
sault to rob. He tried to steal a purse
from Mrs. Mary Hughes on Ellis
street on the night of April 13 and a
few minutes later attacked Mrs. An
nie Reinshagen of 460 Geary street as
she was entering her residence and at
tempted to steal her purse.
Bray Receives His Sentence.
A United States civil servi«^ exam
ination will be held in this chy Sep
tember 10 for the position of clerk,
departmental service; age limit 20
y*;tn» or over. Apply to the United
States Civil. Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the board of civil service examin
ers, 301 Jackson street, San Francis
co, for application form 304, which
should be filed with the commission
at Washington not later than the hour
of closing business.August 31, 1904.
Clerk for Civil Service.
City Engineer Woodward yesterday
filed a report upon the street cleaning
in Los Angeles with the Board of
Works. The report states that one
half of the street sweeping in that city
is done by public contract, the con
tractors using the ordinary rotary
broom machines at night. Scrapers are
used in the busy retail district instead
of brooms, thereby preventing the
raising of dust. The cost of running
three rotary sweepers nightly for 300
nights would be 120,325, but a saving
of $2925 would be^ effected with three
Furnas suction street cleaners. Wood
ward recommends that the three ma
chines be purchased to replace three
rotary sweepers now in use.
City Engineer Woodward Files Report
on Sweeping Method in Vogue
ot Los Angeles.
FAVORS STREET CLEANING
BY SUCTION MACHINES
The Civil Service Commission has
decided to hold an oral examination
for street sweepers, commencing Au
gust 4 next. Physical quaJifications
will count SO per cent and experience
in street sweeping and kindred occu
pations 20 per cent. Men who have
had experience of one month will be
given 75 per cent for experience, 77
per cent for two months and appli
cants who have never been street
sweepers will be awarded up to 74.
per cent for experience in kindred oc
cupations. Applications will be re
ceived up to Saturday, July 23.
The commission sent a communica
tion to the Health Board asking for
information as to the duties of trie
newly create*' positions to take the
places of those abolished. The in
formation is necessary before j the tem
porary appointments can be approved.
Know the Duties of the Newly
Created Positions.'
Civil Service Commission Wishes to
WILL HOLD EXAMINATION
FOR STREET SWEEPERS
The advance sale of seats for the
first week of Miss Barrymore's en
gagement begins to-day.
Miss Barrymore is considered to
day as one of the particularly bright
!ights of the stellar field and has a
very fashionable following. Her pro
duction of "Cousin -Kate" .was distinct
ly the most successful comedy offer
ing, of the past season in New YorK
and despite the lack of interest in
theatricals her performance .v;ts of
such a caliber as to make it necessary
to play four return engagements in
order to meet the demand. Miss Bar
rymore comes here supported by her
entire New York cast, including among
others Bruce McRae, Grant Stewart,
A. D. Wilkes. Fannie Addison Pitt,
Beatrice Agnew and Anita Rothe.
The Columbia Theater's season of
1904-05 will be inaugurated next Mon
day night.
alarm connects with the City Hall po
lice station, where some newly ap
pointed policemen were awaiting the
call of duty.
When the alarm came visions of
burglars making a raid on the mil
lions belonging to the municipality
stirred the force. Sergeant White was
in charge at the station, and, getting
the new recruits Into line, he sharply
gave the order, "To the Treasurer's
office, my men."
The squad raced in double-quick
time to its destination and as the po
licemen neared the treasury they
stepped very softly. They, closed in
on the vaults from all sides, but found
no burglars. Treasurer McDougald ex
plained the situation and the new re
cruits retired with glory from the
scene.
Some one accidentally stepped on
the burglar alarm in the vaults of the
city treasury yesterday afternoon and
brought a squad of twenty-five police
men to the city's strong box. The
Accidental Ringing of Burglar . Alarm
Brings City's Guardians to
the Scene.
POLICEMEN MAKE DESCENT
ON THE CITY TREASURY
Barrymore to Make Her
Local Debut in First
Parts.
rOPl'LAK ACTRESS APPEARING
AT COLUMBIA THEATER NEXT
MONDAY IN "COUSIN KATE."
Pie*rce secured a temporary injunc
tion against the union compelling it
to remove the pickets and desist from
the many acts complained of. It was
agreed In court by both sides that the
hearing of the application to make the
injunction permanent would be made
in the nature of a test case to decide
the right of unions to prosecute boy
cotts and maintain pickets.
It Is also denied that the pickets
called forth in loud and threatening
tones to the patrons or customers of
the stables.
It Is denied that the union placed
representatives or pickets in front of
his place of business, who have called
opprobrious names or have threatened
bodily harm to the non-union employes,
or that said agents have waylaid and
assaulted non-union men.
It is denied that the union harassed,
annoyed or threatened the worklngmen
employed by Pierce, or that it threat
ened him with boycott or that It would
inflict violence upon him, his property
or the men working for him.
The union denies that it conspired or
confederated to devise methods to Im
pede Pierce in the transaction of his
business or to interfere with his rigs,
or by threats and intimidation or as
sault to force his employes to quit their
work.
OFFERED XO THREATS.
The answer in the suit of R. G. Pierce
against the Stablemen's Union, which
was to have been filed in the Superior
Ccurt on Tuesday, made its appearance
yesterday and the case will probably
be heard to-day by Judge Hunt. The
attorneys for the union are Maguire,
Lindsay & Wyckoff and Houx & Bar
rett. Every allegation of the proprie
tor of the Nevada Stables is denied
specifically with certain reservations.
The union denies that, prior to the
strike which it ordered at the Nevada
Stables, it devised or us.ed means to
injure the business of the plaintiff, ex
cept that certain members of the union*
stated that they would not work for
the Nevada Stables and the union and
its members would request their
friends and sympathizers to withdraw
their patronage from the stable, until
the employes are granted the terms
and conditions of employment fixed by
the union.
It is denied that since the strike the
union has annoyed or harassed Pierce
in his business, save that since the
strike the members of the union have,
by respectful written and oral an
nouncements, sought to, advise the
friends of the union to refrain from
patronizing the stables until they
should ceas©- hostility to the union and
to its principles and purposes.
DENIALS OF STARLEMEX.
Stephens says that the union has a
membership of more than 100 and its
jurisdiction extends throngh the coun
ties of San Francisco, San Mateo,
Marin and Alameda. Thomas Allen is
president and Edwin T. Kinucan sec
retary. Stephens became a member on
June 23, 1903, and has paid his dues
until July 1, 1904. He says that he
has been following his occupation as. a
marble finisher for years, but since
April 28, last, he has been harassed,
annoved and insulted and prevented
from obtaining any work.
He quotes a letter which he received
from the union on May 4, in which it
was stated that reports had been re
ceived from "brother members" at Col
ton saying that his actions had con
vinced them that he was a "trouble
maker," a "stool pigeon" and had been
instrumental in "knocking" certain
members of the union there. Stephens
says that the charges in the letter were
false, malicious and libelous and with
out any specific charges being served
up him he was tried and expelled
from the union. Since then he has
been prevented from obtaining work
at his trade ami employers have been
notified that they would be boycotted
If they hired him. '
Another man has decided to find out
through the courts if a labor union
has any right to prevent him from
earning a living. A suit was com
menced yesterday for $15,000 damages
by Edward Stephens against the Jour
neyman Marble Cutters and Finishers,
Local Union No. 23S, its officers and
members. W. A. S. Nicholson is at
torney for the plaintiff and Bush Fin
nell of the* Citizens' Alliance will as
sist in the prosecution of the suit.
Deputy United States Immigrant
Inspector D. J. Griffiths will leave for
Jackson, Amador County, to-day to
bring to this city Antonio Avenzino
for examination by a special board of
inquiry with a view to his deportation
to Italy. Avenzino is said to be an
anarchist, affiliated with certain well
known anarchists, mostly Italians, in
that county, and the United States
is not large enough to hold him. He
arrived as an immigrant at the port
of New York on the steamship,Wei
mar on April 25, 1903. A short time
ago he was arrested in Jackson on a
charge of mayhem, and when search
ed by the constable a bundle of anar
chistic circulars and text-books were
found upon his person.
The case was reported by Commis
sioner North to the Department of
Commerce and Labor and an inves
tigation was made of Avenzino's rec
ord in Italy. This resulted in the
discovery that he had been convicted
there of a felony of a non-political
nature. He comes, therefore, under
the ban of the law as an alien crimi
nal, not eligible for admission Into
the United States. Should the special
board of inquiry find the charge to
be true Avenzino will be sent back to
Italy, where he will be taken care of
by the authorities of that kingdom.
Strong testimony was brought out
by the prosecution in the Eppinger
case yesterday, both through the in
troduction of letters and from the lips
of witnesses. The letters showed that
l««ts of jrrain, mortgaged to local banks,
had been ordered shipped away. W.
W. Toprnns- bookkeeper for the firm
of Epplnger & Co.. admitted that he
had issued warehouse receipts for
grain which his books did not eho-\v
to be in the warehouse and also that he
had repeatedly back-dated receipts.
During his examination Tuesday, Top
/ir.g said that he had a very poor
memory and his answers yesterday
certainly bore out that assertion. Just
before the adjournment of court three
Questions were asked him which bear
strongly un the case, but the court
wijl n«H rule until this morning as to
whether or not they are allowable.
BAD GRAIN SHIPPED.
< irp of the letters introduced in evi
d-'Hi-e tends to show that the books
kept at the Pacific Coast Warehouse
Company's buildings at Crockett did
rot contain a true record of the trans
itions there, but that a private mem
orandum was k<*pt. The letter is as
fallows:
"March 11. 1903.
" Pacific Coast Warehouse Company,
O-.u-keit— Gentlemen: As we told you
by telephone^ Mr.Cook complains great
ly about 50 sacks of seed barley which
v as sent up adulterated with black
oats. We understand you have cleaned
uj> the balance of the barley since.
Please send us sample by your man
in the morning, or if you are coming
bring; down sample yourself.
"We not*» in your report of March
3: L.. B. Dlrey lot, 1203 sacks; C. S.
Moses lot, "089 sacks. Is this amount
¦of wheat on hand? Option lot 753.
You only have balance of 10 sacks, and
in option lot 759 balance of 62 sacks,
lias this been delivered cut. for the
parties who hold the receipt or have
you replaced the full file again? When
you come down fro-motrow bring your
private, book with you so you can an
swer these questions correctly. Re
spectfully, EPPINGER & CO."
An attempt was made by Attorney
Campbell for the prosecution to intro
duce in evidence the bankruptcy pro
ceedings before the District Court, by
which he seeks to show that the mem
bers of the firm knew that it was bank
rupt lnne before the collapse on June
6. 1903, and borrowed money knowing
it could not be repaid. The defense ob
jected tn this line of evidence and
Judge Lawlor took the matter under
advisement and will make a ruling to
day.
QUESTION' OF HEALTH.
Calvin Langton, who acted in the
dual capacity of grain inspector and
< -irifidential clerk in the local office of
The firm, v.as closely questioned by At
torney Ach regarding the physical con
dition of the defendant during the
months prior to the failure. "Jacob Ep
pinger." the witness said, "was ill for
several months and rarely visited the
<>f!ice." The letters were signed by
Langton. but he paid little attention to
their "contents. They were as a rule
dictated by one of the members of the
firm and carried to Langton. and he
tiened the firm name to them. Ach
pressed the inquiry regarding the
health of Jacob Kppinger closely, evi
dently trying to lay a foundation for
an argument to the effect that the de
fendant was mentally Incompetent
¦when the alleged frauds were commit
vd and cannot therefore be held cul
pable.
In response to a question from Attor
ney Campbell as to Eppinger's place in
\ho firm, the witness replied:
"He was the head of the firm and
transacted the business. He negotiated
the loans and signed the notes and ex
amined the warehouse receipts."
W. W. Toppingv formerly bookkeeper
' for the firm, was put on the stand, de>
spite his protest that he was "tired of
it," and asked if he had not made out
receipts for certain lots of grain which
were not in the warehouse. He replied
that he did.
"Were they not issued for wheat that j
was to come in?" was asked.
"I don't know," replied Topping.
"Why did you make out receipts for
grain you did not know was in the
warehouse?"
"I was told to do bo."
"I don't know."
WORTHLESS RECEIPTS.
"Did you not. at the direction of a
member of the flrmj Issue warehouse
receipts for grain when there was no
•grain reported in?"
"1 am not sure that it was by a mem- j
ber of the firm, but I did issue ware- \
house receipts for grain not reported i
in."
"Was it from any person connected j
with the firm?" \
"It was from some one from the back !
office."
The witness then explained that be- j
sides the members of the firm Josua i
Eppinger had access to the "back of
fice." Attorney Campbell then asked
Orders Are Given for Ship
ment of Lots of Grain
Mortgaged to the Banks
Nest of Foreign Ruffians
. Found in Amador County
Plotting Against the Law
Enter Denials to Charges
of Liveryman .Who Got
Relief by an Injunction
ANSWER OF STABLEMEN
Edward Stephens Sues Or
ganization of Marble Cut
ters for a Large Amount
RECEIPTS BACK DATED
Disclosures Made in Court
by the Reading of the
Letters of Eppinger & Co.
IS A DESPERATE FELON
United .States Immigrant
Bureau Wants
Avenzino Sent to Italy
PRIVATE BOOK
IN WAREHOUSE
WILL DEPORT
AN ANARCHIST
ASKS DAMAGES
FROM A UNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, . 190*.
WILL APPEAR
AS STAR IN
COUSIN KATE
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
Rich ~
Gray Matter
makes
Bright Ideas
Grape-Nuts
make both.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
We Are SpeCSafftSfs In the
Painless Extraction of
TEETH
FIFTEEN YEAES
No Cbarsre for Painless Extraction When
We Make Your Teeth.
We do not advertise the lowest prices, but we
do Rive you the best work at the following
prices :
BEAUTIFUL SET OP TEETH $5.00
Gold Crowns (32k) 5.00
Bridge Work 8.00
Gold PiUinr* • • • • 1.00
Silver PUlinjrs 500
NO STUDENTS. All work positively done by
SB. BOWEBS and DR. SMITH
UNIVERSITY DENTISTS.
Hours — 9 a. m. till 8 p. m.; Sundays 10
till 2. PHONE RED 1116.
Lady Attendant. 10 Kearny St.. S. F.
Largest and Best Office In City.
Palarp Dmr FAIL T0
laittWV 8ee the beautify
* COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uiiu parlor, the
GLf^l PALM ROOM, the
Grand
Hotels i i^ WMT1N0
AMTJSEMENTa.
I I VV/L.I HOUSE.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
Bessie TannehlU
a m jb* /cp*. jji>Tt Baron Berthald
ftjjj ft Arthur Cunningham
§ 1 1 B 1 a| 3 John Dunsmure
William Schuster
Promecida Circle, 3d Floor, Smokiri* Faralis*
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tlvoli Prices— 25c, 50c. 75c.
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OP
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— MR. NEILL IN
MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK
Special Summer Prices - 15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reservi-d Seat In Orchestra, 50 cents.
CALIFORNIA
j£g3k NEXT SUNDAY NXQKT B^.
f REOPENING far the Regular S«ason.^^
y The Latest Political Comedy. |j
I 1 he Hon. I
I John North |
I By Herbert Bashford. Fl
Presented by our favorlt* Comedian f
L. R. STOCKWELL. . ||
The man who has made millions laugh, j
M SEATS NOW SELLING. J
A Vaudeville Revelation !
Iielg-h Brothers; Gillikaji and Murray;
Green and Werner and Valerie Berjrere
and Company. £ast times of Inez de
•Wolf; Oallaarnex and Barrett; John T.
Clark; the Zarrow Trio and A Trip
Throoffh " Italy, 'shown In Oxphenm
Motion' Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. - Saturday and Sunday. Prices: 10c, 2So
and 50c
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Year,
. . - ¦;-. J *-'. I a. BBl ¦ ¦¦' '
AMUSEMENTS.
AT /^ AT A T» B*la?co A Mayer.
ALCAZAR Hfess
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matlners To-day and Saturday.
WHITE I AKP THE ALCAZAR COMPAhT]
WHITTLESEY...
Presenting John Drew's Success.
C3INE | H.V. ESMOMD'S COMEDY~|
SUTYY/VVER'S
DAY' | Author of When Wa Were Twenty-Onej
A remarkably attractive play — Bulletin.
New honors to Whlttlesey. — Post. •
Evjr., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thure. & Sat., 25c to 60c.
July 11— WHITE WHITTLESEY In last sea-
son's Great Succeed, HEARTSEASE.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT^ALL ' WEEK
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Theodore Kremer"s Latest and Greatest Sue-
I WEDDED AND PARTED
Stirs the Emotions! Thrills the Soul!
Fascinates the Mind! Enchains the Interest!
Replete With Realism of Gotham Life.
DDirtC Evenings V 10c to 50c
i ttll/ CD Matinees .....10c. 15c. 25c
Next— ALONG TBS MOHAWK.
if*fll E Bill HI A
SEATS^EADY.
OpenicK of th« New Season
Next Monday Night, July 11
Charles Frohman Will Present
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Her Greatest Comedy Success.
COUSIN* KATE
By Hubert Henry Davies.
THIS 13 THE LAST WEEK OF
"The Mormons"
Commencing With Saturday Night Next
¦¦'¦'A LUCKY- STONE"
A Roarlnjcly Funny Comedy by Collln Davis
and Frank Wltmark.
First appearance of Dorothy Morton. Nora
Bayes, Rice and Cady (German , Comedians).
Bobby North (Hebrew Comedian).
Everything New From Start to Finish.
TWO MATINEE SATTTSPAY, TTJI.Y 9°
MATINEE SUNDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
flaw PEflf pn Prompt relief. -Cans* remoTe4.
nil I ftw til Svrn P tom » D»T«rretnrn Acorn-
¦"""^ ¦""¦¦" pl«t« ami permanent conMitu-
nU Ad I iinifi Writo at or.ee for It, to
v :.:>P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y. '
AMUSEMENTS.
.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening- In the Theater.
XO- WIGHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
NEW LIVING PCTURES
Take a ride on th? MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD. •
Don't F*U to Se« "AROO."
ADMISSION* 10c 1 CHILDREN 5c
• When Phoning Ask for "The Chutee."
JAUNrrobRY
It Makes One Tired
To receive their linen from the laundry
In such condition as it is often sent
home — with saw edges and broken but-
tonholes and starch in patches over
your shirt front. Send your linen to
the United States Laundry and it will
be received by you with a smile of sat-
isfaction. Our work is artistic and al-
ways satisfactory.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
X004 MABKET STJtEET.
Telephone South 420.
YjQ Perfect Fitting fip *
yf Eyeglasses cf
rj At Moderate Cost |\
V 642
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6-i> KEARNY ST. Established
In 1934 (or the treatment of Private
Dlsea.se*. Istxt Manbood. Debility or
filsea.i" wearlnfnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor mrn when
others fail. Try him. Cbitrgra low.
rnrffimrnnlfrd. Cnllor wrtM.
Dr. J. F. 411BBO3, 8*a ftaocisco, OU.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 /^^^W choice of the world's best goods
I ilF at a^ so^ ute "y lowest prices.
I v. \T3^- See what a dollar will do here.
I W Your Credit Is Good. "Nirf Ced."
El Extension Tab!e— Golden oak, 6 y IF I KBskgjgjj&^lggsSJ |>™«*» r HM'*nrj
H ft draw ? turned and flntpd board and China \z^~—£^ iT -^-* e^'^^\
W ll. uraw, D turnea ana TlUiea cia%*\ — Quarter- Mantel Poldin* Bed — Gold-
H . • • j i i_ * j •. . saw*d oak, colden nn- en aaitb. top decorated with. Dresser — Golden finish.
| legS, rigidly braced With d s e h^ r C a a t2d Pr wi£' ££j plate mirror, paneled shaped top. panel .Idea,
I , . plate mirror, ample front, complete with wo\^f^ brass trimmings, bevel plat*
M decorative panels. „,_ room for linen -and vin ma , t . mirror. _ i
I Pto-,.. ; : $7.65 $37.50 --- $23.20 ay a $8.25
i An incomparable variety. Gorgeous in coloring, exquisite in design. The acme of excel-
g lence. The prices speak for themselves.
H Cottage Carpet. Reversible. Each side a dlffer-^n^ Bltfelow Lowell Body Brussels Oriental floral and P*r-
! R ent pattern. Sanitary and moth proof. A choice 2!jC "ian designs A make that reouires no length v dl
I selection^ of artistic designs. Per yard.... £*»V scription will K^" year, of wtls" i?\r
D All-Wool Ingrain. A good old weave .that stands r f\ factory wear. No carpet made as dur-" Tk 1 /S
>m the test of time. Artistic Sesigns. Effective hUC able " Per yard »px«fc^
El "coloring. Both large and small figures. Per yd. *****'
H Tapestry Brussels. An excellent grade of floor cover- Smith's Saxony Axmlnsters. Fine deep pile. & ¦* *\v*
P ing. Persian and floral designs. Choice * ™ Choice patterns. Floral and Persian \1 /S
fcl patterns. .Suitable for any room In the n jC effects. Per yard *nm.*lt\J
Eg house. Per yard v**v»
g Wool Velvets. Modern designs. Effective coloring. Blfelow Axmtnrters. Fine deep pile. Oriental and floral
H • Patterns that show the master hand «t» * * « designs. The height of carpet elegance. & ¦* i p«
gj of the artist. Ready to walk on. Per /hi .I 3 Each pattern a chef-d'oeuvre of the \| fl.S
g yard hp*»*.wy carpet designer's art. Per yard *P * •^***
fa BKEtI^j wjh*tek Jr ¦& ¦ r\ t*J bv %3 B^^w vkv jSMSSSSbSSkSSu
0 PrStfi r^-iWSiSw* s9 1*1 *^ * m u W vv Jk3 w^^^K^IBBnLtTfMvT? ¦¦ '-' ¦ 1
W 6?^K*J1 STv I mEu Vft VH V«^3 M w 1 B
ii fraefd i * ITb 9 ¦* 23a si KS Ki Hi ¦* H mm 4^g rs*** a^GSThe members of the First Hunga
rian Mutual Aid Society will hold
their twenty-fourth annual picnic at
El Campo next Sunday. A good time
is insured for all.
Hungarian Picnic.
isans are loyal to their city, and many
who do not need the money have hung
out "rooms to let" signs In order that
visitors may be accommodated and sat
isfied and go away with a good word
for St. Louis. None of these will raise
prices.
The exposition management should
devote its utmost energies toward re
futing these slanders, for they seem to
have " gained general circulation
throughout the country. It can be de
pended upon to use every endeavor to
ward seeing that these slanders do not
become truths in future.
Governor Pardee, with Governor
Odell, was entertained by the board of
lady managers of the exposition one
night this week. The New York execu
tive grew facetious at California's ex
pense by saying: "Why. we have one
county that churns more butter than
the whole State of California produces."
Governor Pardee turned the laughter
against him by saying that If 'Odell
tried to tell what New York didn't have
that California did he would keep the
floor all night.
partook of refreshments and in
spected the building. The University
of California Glee Club sang, and, as
usual, pleased its hearers.
Mr. Erwin has In view an elaborate
plan for advertising California and San
Francisco. He intends to deliver stere
opticon lectures in the forest in the fair
inclosure If he can obtain the consent
of the fair officials. At these al fresco
lectures he could show before 1000 peo
ple at a time.
The many Californians who are com
ing now are finding no difficulty In se
curing good rooms at from $1 a day, up,
and are surprised at the reasonableness
of restaurant fare. No exposition city
has ever been worse slandered than has
St. Louis. With a national political
convention ready to open and 50,000
teachers here to attend their annual
gathering, besides the great host of
general visitors, there are plenty of
good rooms at 51. Up to the present
time the weather has been pleasant.
Trunks are hauled to most, any part of
the city for from 50 to 75 cents.
These slanders are even circulated in
Chicago, where delegates to the Repub
lican convention were charged, five in
a room, J10 apiece a day for a bed. Up
to this time good rooms In the best St.
Louis hotels have been obtainable, two
in a room with two beds, for 53 50 a
person per day.
Of course, greater cupidity may de
velop later on, .but if a great rise in
prices comes it will not be before Sep
tember, and the exposition manage
ment promises there will be none. It
has bound thousands of room renters to
maintain reasonable prices. St. Lou-
To enter Toeemlte Valley at Inspiration
roir.t and leave It by Glacier Point ii to re
ceive the most imprwslVe views possible. This
is done only on the Raymond-Wawona route of
th* Southern Pacific — the route that takes you
through Wawona. and the finest groves of all
the Big Trees over an oiled stage road. Ask
for Y'^mite and Big Tree folders, and full
Irforniatlcn at fi!3 Market street. •
Yosemite From Inspiration Point.
With the aid of a microscope any one can see
what appears to be silt edge on the best steel,
but a blind man can discover a "gilt edge" on
the best whiskey— "Old Gilt Edge." •
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
"WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS, July 6.—
The question of a successor to E. B.
Willis, who has resigned as secretary
of the California Louisiana Purchase
Exposition Commission, is being re
volved In the mind of Governor Par
dee. If the commission has its way.
Miss Pringle, its stenographer, will
perform the duties of secretary for the
remainder of the fair at some salary
far less than the $200 monthly provid
ed for by the statute creating the com
mission. She will, of course, be given
an assistant at a salary still smaller
than that allowed her.
There are probably some wide awake
Californians with Influence, however,
who would like to spend the next five
months at the fair and keep track of
State matters there for 5200 a month
and expenses and the Governor will
probably be prevailed upon . to name ]
a new secretary. There are several
Californians here who are already
reaching out for the position and news
has reached here that every other man
in Alameda County <vants the posi
tion. It is understood that Miss Pringle
is averse to taking the place for less
than the full $200 a month.
Following Is Mr. Willis* letter of
resignation:
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 25, l!>04.
: California Louisiana Purchase Exposition
Commission, California State .Bulldlns. St.
: Louis, Mo.— Dear Sirs: I hereby tender my
resignation as secretary of the California
[Louisiana Purchase Exposition Commission. ' to
take effect July II. lOoi. Kindly arrange for
some one to take up the duties of the office
by that date, as I desire to leave for New
lork on that day. Very truly yours.
E. B. WILLIS.
RESIGATIOX ACCEPTED.
The commission accepted in the fol
lowing missive:
ST. LOUIS, June 27. 1004.
Mr. E. B. -Willis, Secretary California
Louisiana Purchase Exposition Commission,
fct. Louis. Mo.— Dear Sir: It Is with regret
that the commission is Informed of your de
sire to sever your connection with the work at
St. Louis. We feel, however, that you have
not taken this step except after due delibera
tion and after concluding that It was to your
Interest. We therefore reluctantly accept your
resignation. . We trust the change which will
deprive us of your services for the balance of
the term will result to your benefit: Appre
ciating your efforts In the behalf of the suc
cess of the work In which we have all been
engaged for the last year, and wishing you
well in whatever walk In life may lead, we
remain very truly yours,
J. A. FlLCHER.
FRANK WIGGINS,
Commissioners. <
San Francisco, through her repre
sentatives, George P. Wilcomb and J.
W. Erwin, took an active part in the
opening of the Model City at the ex
position. Governor Pardee spoke for
San Francisco and the State of which
it is the metropolis at this event and
on behalf of the State and municipal
ity turned the building over to the ex
position. The Governor spoke just be
fore President Francis and said that
though it was a long distance between
St. Louis and San Francisco it was not
a long distance between the friendly
sentiments of their people. He spoke
of the greatness of San Francisco's
commerce and her tremendous pro
gress and said she and the iState of
California were loyal in every breath
to the nation and to the exposition
which represented It. His speech was
one of the best delivered by any
State executive 'and drew loud ap
plause.
RECEPTION IS HELD.
After the services of dedication,
which were held on the; steps of the
Guild Hall in the Model City, a very
succcessful reception was held at the
San Francisco building. Refreshments
were served and Messrs. Wilcomb and
Erwin enlisted the services of some
bright San Francisco ladies to assist
them in receiving the many' guests.
Mrs. Qeorge Marsh, Mrs. Martha
Ewlng and the Misses Victorine Klein,
Katherine G. Lyons, Mary G. Klein
meyer and C. A. Hasselmeyer gave
their assistance. In the throng that
poured into the building were many
men prominent in the nation. Gov
ernor Odell of New York was one of
the visitors and President Francis also
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
fion of his child. Robert Emmet Reed
Fmoot Bryan Harvey, and also his
printing plant, but he observes pathet
ically, "What a chance." He declares
that in addition to his matrimonial
misfortunes, the Mormon church, aided
by the House of Commons and the Czar
of Russia, is conspiring to railroad him
to the penitentiary because of his pa
per's attitude on the Philippine prob
lem. Harvey is not violent.
Kim Lung of Courtlarid took out a
marriage license yesterday to marry
Wong Shee of Hangshan. China. Lung
Informed "Cupid" Danforth that he
had gone to China to wed his bride,
but when he returned to this city he
was told by Immigration Commis
sioner North to have the knot tied in
legal American fashion. Lung obeyed
and his union was made doubly sure
by a second ceremony.
Marriage Knot Is Tied Twice.
ATTRACTIVE EXHIBIT ARRANGED BY THE ENTERPRISING AND PROGRESSIVE CITIZENS OK SANTA BARBARA COUN
TY. WHICH- IS DRAWING THE ATTENTION OF THOUSANDS OF -VISITORS AT THE >WOELD'3 FAIR, AND WHICH IS
DOING MUCH TOWARD ADVERTISING THE MANY RESOURCES OF CALIFORNIA. ••• > . . <
Murine Eye Remedy Cures Eyes.
Makes Weak Eyes strong. Doesn't
smart; soothes eye pain. *
The victim of matrimony tore his
Hooliganesque beard and sighed. He
told a tale that would draw tears from
the eyes of a potato. Three years ago
he was a prosperous country editor,
who warbled merrily as he wielded his
pen. One day he came face to faces
with Minnie. Jennie, Nora, Katie, Nell
and Dora. It was love at first sight
with Harvey. The fickle damsels pre
tended that his wholesale affection was
returned. The trusting editor led them
to the altar and the seven were made
one. There was unlimited rice and old
ehoes and a honeymoon.
Then came trouble. Minnie began
to hold a more extended conversation
with the baker than was necessary to
buy the bread. The butcher used to
wink at Jennie. While talking to the
policeman Nora forgot the baby car
riage and let it roll down an embank
ment Into a wasp's nest. Katie did
not scorn the attentions of a dry goods
clerk; Nell thought the doctor was nice
and Dora thought the groceryman was
lovely.
In wrath the husband started to chas
tise his better sevenths. The ladies re
taliated with kitchen implements. Har
vey took second money and very little
at that.
He was thrown into jail for battery.
There his clothing disappeared and
when he was released he was clad in
a pair of trousers known as •"hiph
waters" and a Fauntleroy blouse. On
the way to the railroad station he
swapped clothes with a scarecrow.
Arriving in San Francisco, he wrote
a letter to Minnie, Jennie, Nora, Katie,
Nell and Dora. That letter caused his
arrest by Marshal Shine.
Harvey would like to regain posses-
"Excessive matrimony like excessive
drinking leads to evil." declares J. C.
Harvey, who is held in the City Prison
on a charge of shipping impolite but
expressive language through Uncle
Sam's mall.
"It's enough to shake any man's faith
in womankind," says Harvey, "when
he has six wives and they all prove
untrue. And when the whole bunch is
granted alimony there is nothing left
but the first freight train.
"How I trusted those women. There
wa* Minnie. Jennie, Nora, Katie, Nell
and Dora. We were the happiest cou
ple — I mean seven — In Preston, Idaho,
where I was editor of the Cash Valley
News. Now my wives are whooping
up the town, on the proceeds of my
printing riant and I'm worse than
widowed."
The first request in the will Is that
the body of the deceased be cremated.
Then Mrs. Norris bequeaths to Edith
King Davis, her daughter, all of her
Jewelry, plate, linen, wearing apparel
and household effects. The personal
property thus disposed of all the re
mainder of the estate is given to the
Union Trust Company as trustee. The
trustee is to pav $3000 to Norris King
Davis, a grandson; $40 a month during
her lifetime to Ruth Harriette Wiggin,
a sister; $250 a month to Edith King
Davis, wife of Horace Davis, and 5500
a month to Edith Boswell King for the
maintenance of herself, her husband
and their children. If Frederick King
survives his wife he Is to receive $150
a month and the children $350.
All of the income from the estate not
disposed of under, the will is to be ac
cumulated in the hands of the trustees
and every five years, while the trust
lasts, four-fifths of it is to be paid to
Edith B. King. If any of Freder
ick's children desire a collegiate educa
tion the trustees are instructed to pay
for It, and they must pay certain taxes
enumerated.
The trust Is to hold until the death
of Frederick R. King and his wife
Edith Boswell King and then, share
and share alike/ what remains in the
estate is to be distributed among their
children. - ¦ . .'¦¦ .'
A trust that will not cVd until Fred
erick Randolph King and his wife are
dead is created in the will of Julia N.
Norris, widow of "William Norris and
Thomas Starr King respectively. Edith
Boswell King, the daughter-in-law, is
named as executrix, without bonds, and
she is the chief beneficiary, but, outside
of the fixed allowances the estate will
be in full control of the Vnion Trust
Company until the time comes when it
shall be distributed among the children
of Frederick King. One of the princi
pal assets of the rich estate is the Stan-
King building on Geary street.
The will and Mrs. King's petition for
its admission to probate were filed yes
terday by Attorney M. B. Kellogg. It
Is stated that the heirs at law are the
daughter, Edith King Davis, wife of
Horace Davis, and Frederick R. King,
the son. Mrs. Norris died on June 30,
at the age of 76.
Excessive Matrimony Gets
Idaho 3Ian Into Trouble
and He Reflects in Jail
Edith B. King Will Get
Four-Fifths of the Income
From Mrs. Norris' Estate
ALLOWANCES ARE BIG
SEVEX ARE 3IADE ONE
J. C. Harvey Is Sufferer by
the Infidelity of Six
Whom He Had Cherished
Bulk of Estate of Stan-
King's Widow Goes Into
a Trust for Lifetime
PLURAL WIVES
ARE UNFAITHFUL
FAVORED HEIR
IS SON'S WIFE
Edward Knowles Co.. £4 Second »tr*et. make I
wedding cake boxes and wedding Invitations. * >
Policeman R. A. .Coulter, whose
name was mentioned in connection,
with a robbery at Fell and Laguna
streets Monday night, made a report to
Chief Wittman yesterday which
proves he was not in the vicinity at
the time alleged, but that he was pa
trolling his beat one mile away.
Coulter Denies Charge.
Arthur Cavlll, manager of the
Crystal Baths, which are located at
the foot of Mason street, secured war
rants from Police Judge Fritz yester
day for the arrest of three boys on a
charge of battery. He said the boys
had been raising a disturbance In the
baths on Tuesday evening and he or
dered them out. As he was leaving the
baths later the boys attacked him and
one of them struck him on the mouth
with a whip handle, catting his Mp so
bady that six stitches were required to
sew it up.
Attacked by Three Boys.
Regarding the recommendation of
the Health Board that the limit of
bacteria in each cubic centimeter be
fixed at 30,000, as Is the case In New
York, the committee decided to have
tests made from some of the best dair
ies. Allowance will be made for the
time of transportation and the stand
ard will then be based on the tests
thus made.
The rule requiring wash rooms to
have floors of wood was revised so
that the floors may be of wood, as
phalt or concrete, the health officials
agreeing to the change.
The committee decided to meet next
Saturday and consider the objections
trf the dairymen and to formulate the
rules which it desires to Incorporate In
the ordinance. Practically all the rules
have been agreed upon, the only ones
against which strong protests have
been filed being those relating to ven
tilation, which would require the en
tire reconstruction of the dairy build-
Ings.
The dairymen strongly objected to
the rule requiring milk utensils to be
washed In a strong solution of lye and
salsoda, claiming that it would Injure
the hands of the milkers and some of
the solution might find its way into the
milk. The rule was changed so that
the utensils may be washed in a solu
tion the strength of which is not speci
fied.
The dairymen and Health Board of
ficials were again In consultation yes
terday with the Supervisors' Healtn
Committee relative to the Incorpora
tion In an ordinance of proposed rules
and regulations for the conduct of
dairies.
There seemed to be a better spirit
of amity . between the dairymen and
health officials and rapid headway was
made in the matter of agreeing on the
regulations. No mention was made of
the previous threat of the dairymen
that the price of milk would be raised
if the regulations considered by them
as too drastic were put Into effect.
John D. Daly. M. Haley and J.
Brewer registered objections to some
more of the rules and in most instances
the Health Board agreed to a modifica
tion thereof. The rule prohibiting cows
to be fed with moldy hay or decom
posed vegetables was agreed upon with
the proviso that beet pulp may be used
as food.
3Iilk Dealers and Health
Board Officials Practical
ly Reach an Agreement
DAIRY ROLES
ARE MODIFIED
THE SAN FR'ANCISCO, CALL,;, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.
Applications Galore Are Filed With Board and Gov
ernor Pardee for Place Made Vacant by the Resig
nation of E. B. Willis, the Sacramento Journalist
SECRETARYSHIP OF FAIR COMMISSION
A JOB LIKED BY MANY CALIFORNIANS
10
AJVEBTISEMENTa
Bids Will Be Received
Up to and inclusive of the 12th inst. on my stock of
DRY GOODS, consisting of
BlacK and Colored Dress Goods,
Sflks, Velvets,
Ladies' Suits,
SKirts, Jackets, Shirt Waists,
Notions, Linings,
Hosiery, Underwear,
Fancy Goods and Domestics.
Stock can be seen between the hours of 8 and 12 m.
np to above date.
Terms, cash in U. S. gold coin.
The right is reserved to reject any or all bids.
Sale will continue daily up to above date.
C. CURT IN,
911 and 913 MARKET STREET.
HA.v.E'S. I HAXE'S.
Sweetser Pembrook Sale
Ai . u i — Z [ This great Hale sale is proving the
At Hale S most important event San Francisco has
seen for many a day.
Piles Cotton Dress Stuffs
On Three Bargain Tables.
We like to judge their quality by the way women crowded
around the tables yesterday,, by the enthusiasm, by the eager-
ness they displayed^ New opportunities added to-day.
A Cotton Voile at 15c yd.— A regular Next— Nub Snitlays, 15c y d ,'~ Lo< !**
25c quality— double width— (that's for all the world like wool— pretty
emphasized) — medium and dark ma- dappled patterns 27 inches wide, m
terlal — the favorite summer stuff. pray and blue. Swell for suits.
Sweetser Pembrook sale brintf* it to Sweetsar Pembrook sale price. l»o
you .t 15c per ,d. A yard. £ of .
And White Mercerized Waistinff* — A Striped Ginffnam that has made such
regular 25c stuff at 15e yard — 27 a stir— and. by the way. that 50c
inches wide— Jacquard weave. Any Xdaea Suiting 1 Is proing; at 15c ya.
variety of pretty patterns. Sweatier We don't think we will be able to
Pembrook sale price, 15c yd. tel1 °* it again.
Hale's the P|ace: This the Week to
Have a Skirt Made Free
Many women availed themselves of the opportunity yesterday.
You pay for your ordinary skirt length and findings and an
expert man tailor will make you a skirt free of additional
charge, to you. He'll make it plain, with any number of gores
up to 9— with flare or without. We guarantee fit and work-
manship. Sample skirts and further information at the
dress goods dept.
Paper Napkins Special China Ware
65c a Thousand Reinforces this Sweetser Pembrook Sale
Fine soft quality, decorated, just A windowful to illustrate to-day.
the kind for big picnics and to 10c for Breai and Butter Plates—
take camping with you or to use ot plain, but with violet floral
in hotels and restaurants. 65c a decorations and a heavy modeled
thousand. and £°! d scalloped edge— semi-
10c for 100 Kapkina — Regular 15c —
plain white napkins— fine and soft. 10c for Decorated Dinner Plates—
Ta^U^;-I.^ A~ d Fine light ware — thin — neatly era-
lOOtnplCkS 4C BOX. bossed Ind tinted pink or green—
Double-pointed ones, not the splintery traced with gilt— 10c.
kind— great big boxes— 4c. Dinner $14.10
A hundred-piece set — high grade seml-
Mp W R«if»i/ QFir»e»c porcelain — with dainty green floral
iXeW t>aDy OnOeS sprays as ornamentation. Ifs all
_^. 10^ Da<«> hand traced — but there's the best
oX IOC ralr part) you can buy separate pieces
We had them once befor: and they &£& TkT^I* se^ilg Jt-
made a stir. They'll go quickly 5( > Pieces— $6.70.
now. They are black with red j»~ — — .
or blue trimmed tops — sizes o. 1, <^*f> /&
here's a bargain every mother Jgy ¦ "^^^
should share— at 18c pair. ¦~^*£OaDqoocg^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gS^ Canvas Steamer Chairs |®Ji>
2rj We sold 60001 these chairs for 85c. Now the g
J» factory that makes them has sold out and we have h
hT bought 400 of them for less than it costsPP JJ
W. to make them. This week they go at. .
Jy -Tht Credit Hou»." Ulliilii PoU Sirttl .. ' . Ue Oigtcsl rurotlurc Home on Uie Paclllc Ccut.^BJ
ADVEBTISEME1XTS.
39 STOCXTOST STREET.
Telephone Main 5523.
THURSDAY, FRIDAtTsATURDU SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER. ..per square 32l4c
Regr. S5o. Our usual high-grade Quality.
RANCH EGGS per doz 25c
Reg. 30c. S«lect. large, whits.
FRENCH MIXED CANDY. per Ib 30c
Reg. 40c. How can you resist?
ISLAND RICE per Ib 5c
R«f. T^c. Buy a quaattty at thli low
figure.
COFFEE. Our Ideal Blend. No 1.1b 20c
Reg. 25c. Tea store price 40c. Money
refunded If not satisfactory.
METTWURST per Ib 30c
Reg. 40c. A famous German sausage.
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED BACON. .Ib 17c
Reg. 20c. A streak of lean and a streak
of fat.
IDEAL TOMATO CATSUP. ...per bot 15c
Reg. 20c. None better.
LUCCA OLIVE 0 L.. qt bot 50c. pt 30c
Reg 53c and 35c. Our own Importation.
ALMONDS 2 lbs for 25c
Special lot at a low figure.
MACARONI. VERMICELLI and SPA-
GHETTI. . . per box 35c. half box 20c
Best quality. Reg. 40c and 23c.
CORNMEAL. Yellow or White, and) nr
GRAHAM FLOUR.. per sack \ 25c
Reg. 35c. Fresh from the mill.
MELLWOOD WHISKY., bot 75c, gal $3.00
Reg. $1 and $4. Pure and medicinal, for
family use.
ASTOR RYE- per bot 90c
Reg. $1.23. Spring 1S9O.
FRENCH COGNAC per bot $1.15
Reg. $1.50. Fine French, for your after-
dinner coffe*.
CHOICE ZINFANDEL per gal 60c
Reg. 75c. A well-aged win*: full flavor.
WHITE LABEL PORTER...per doz $1.85
Reg. $2. Famous Guinness' Stout.
For Breakfast
WIUn PETIT <
) KORONA Gmera
/ . •> Our Price. $6.35
I Same with rack and Pir.ion.473r
\ listed 2II.OS. Our price// ii
ftEtjuaily low Prices on other Sizes
JSVNSET &A7.AA®.GOLDEN JUBILEE OF REPUBLICAN PARTY IS CELEBRATED WITH ENTHUSIASM
AT ALHAMBRA THEATER AND THE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES ARE INDORSED
THE Republican party was born on June 6, 1854, at the little city of Jackson, Mich. Its Golden Jubilee was celebrated yesterday in every part of the nation. The Republicans of
San Francisco, in a great mass meeting last night at the Alhambra Theater, honored the anniversary, pledging renewed devotion to Republican principles and loyal support to the
Republican candidates. Samuel A\. Shortridge, George A. Knight, John T. Dare, Henry C. Dibble, Julius Kahn, E.I.Wolfe and Cary Van Fleet were loudly cheered as they
painted the party's services to the country and predicted the triumphant election of Roosevelt and Fairbanks.
Applause Follows
Reference to
McKinley.
Roosevelt's Name
Is Greeted With
Cheering.
Pays Tribute to Women Who Support
the Issues at Stake.
John T. Dare .opened up his speech
DARE GETS APPLAUSE.
JUDGE DIBBLE SPEAKS.
History of the Party Is Given and
Comparisons Are Made.
Judge Henry C. Dibble was intro
duced and said in part: "We have as
sembled to celebrate our golden jubi
lee and to indorse that grand states
man and brilliant soldier^ Theodore
Roosevelt.
"By the providence of God, Roosevelt
is the President of the United States
to-day and he will be continued by the
American people. The welfare of our
government demands that the safety of
our government must rest in the hands
of the Republican party. I think it
right to sketch the record of the Re
publican party for the last fifty years
and compare it with that of the Demo
cratic party now In session in Mis
souri and • in that city la which the
VAX FLEET IS HUMOROUS.
Train of Thought Is Jocular and
Pleases Fancy of Auditors.
William Cary Van Fleet was the
next speaker. His line of talk was
largely in a jocular vein, which seem
ed to fully meet the train of thought
of his audience. He said in part:
"After this convention the Demo
cratic party will disappear forever
like foamy oceans of beer. Parker
represents the ideas of D. B. Hill. The
American nation *s the foremost In
the world to-day. As we stand now
we are emulated by the nations
abroad. The Japanese are shooting
American projectiles into the heart
of {he Russian bear. The Republicans
stand for the completion of the Pan
ama canal. No hopes are too high
for the Republican party. The Ameri
can Idea will be the uplifting idea of
this century. The Republican party
will continue to work out the splen
did destiny of this great republic."
The De Koven Glee Club followed
with some fine vocal selections.
SHORTRIDGE TALKS.
Speaker Tells of Good Performed by
the Republican Party.
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge was in
troduced and said in part:
."I share in your impatience and join
in your desires to listen to that stal
wart Republican who has just return
ed from Chicafca with fresh laurels-
George A. Knight. Without arrogance
we can boast with the ancient Romans,
'To be an American, is better than to
be asking.' It was not always so v Once
we were poor and despised; to-day we
are rich and honored. Once we were
sneered at, but to-day all nations want
to waltz with Uncle Sam. To-day we
are materially majestic and territorial
ly we almost encompass the earth.
Once this starry banner was looked
down upon and had no standing on
earth. To-day it is recognized, as the
greatest emblem on earth. It now
floats proudly on distant shores and it
will stay where it is for the next four
years under the charge of that valiant
soldier and statesman, Theodore
Roosevelt.
"This nation is what it is to-day,
great and honored at home, loved and
feared abroad, by virtue of the pat
riotism and martyrdom of Republi
cans. It gathered to it the greatest
of men, that splendid being, that hope
ful, loving character, Abraham Lin
coln. From then until this hour the
party has furnished statesmenship to
make majestic the American people.
"I for one take unspeakable pride In
joining you In commemorating the
birth of the party and in ratifying the
nominations made at Chicago. The
great deeds of the party are associated
with the preservation of the Govern
ment and so long as the Governraect
lives the names of the party's leaders
will last. The present Is upon us and
as in the past when duty calls the Re
publican party is. ever ready. Is there
any, question of what - California ; will
TELEGRAM IS READ.
Acting Governor Anderson Sends
Greeting and Regrets.
Chairman Wolfe read letters of re
gret from Victor H. Metcalf, who Is
in Washington, D. C, and Senator
George C. Perkins, who is in Los An
geles. The following telegram was
received from Acting Governor Alden
Anderson: '
"SACRAMENTO, July 6. — Hon. Ed
ward I. Wolfe, Chairman Republican
Ratification Meeting, Care' Alhambra
Theater — I regret exceedingly that
duties here prevent my being with you
this evening. I hope the anniversary
celebration of the birth of the Re
publican party will be an unbounded
success and that the ratification of the
nomination of Roosevelt and Fair
banks will speak in no uncertain tones
of the disposition of the people of San
Francisco to assist In giving them the
largest majorities in the history of po
litical parties in California at the
election next November.
"ALDEN ANDERSON."
went up and the enthusiasts would not
be still until he advanced to the
speakers' table and said:
"Ladies and gentlemen, fellow Re
publicans — This is indeed a gratifica
tion. I think you very much."
The De Koven Quartet of Berkeley
sang a selection and the audience
wanted more. Chairman Wolfe prom
ised they should sing again during the
evening and quiet ensued.
tions recently made at the Republican
National Convention in Chicago. Our
friends the enemy, who are in session
to-day in St. Louis trying to' find a
safe and sane man to offer up as a sac
rifice upon the altar of the Republican
party, have said of the Republican Na
tional Convention that it was a cut
'and dried affair, without any interest
or enthusiasm; that it was a pro
gramme convention. My friends, it
was a programme convention, but it
was not a programme made by politi
cians or political bosses. It was not
a programme made by great corpora
tions or trust magnates. The people of
this land made the programme and the
convention obeyed the voice of the
people and renominated, as our candi
date for President, that scholar, states
man and author, that brave and gal
lant soldier, that loyal and patriotic
citizen, whose motto through life has
been that 'the voice of the people is
the voice of God,' that pure-minded,
honest, fearless and most perfect type
of American manhood, Theodore
Roosevelt of New York.
"But there is still another programme
that has been made by the American
people and that will be carried out as
sure as day follows night and night
follows day, and that is the election of
Roosevelt and Fairbanks td the high
offices of President and Vice President
respectively of the United States, in
November next by the largest popular
majority ever given to any candidates.
"But I am reminded of the fact that
my duty to-night is to preside and
not to talk and therefore I will con
clude with the hope that we may all
be inspired by what we shall hear
from the eloquent gentlemen who are
to address us and that we may go to
our honies determined to make a still
greater effort to perpetuate in power
that party which. h»s done so much,
not alone for this nation but for all
humankind the world over."
The sweet, strains of "The Star-
Spangled Banner" floated through the
hair as the band at a sign from the
chairman begun the national anthem.
With one accord the audience arose
and joined their voices in singing' fhe
hymn that stirs every patriotic soul;
As the chairman stepped to ¦¦ the
front of the stage to announce the first
speaker - of the evening, George A.
Knight came - on the ' stage from the
wings and was spied by the audience
as he took his seat. Cheer after .'cheer
dents, the sole purpose of which has
been the betterment of the condition
of the American people, setting higher
the standard of civilization and opening
up to the American people new fields
of prosperity and effort. The Repub
lican party has been a party of action,
a party of deeds, not of words, a party
that has always built up and never
tern down, a party through whose ef
forts this nation has grown vigorous
and prospered until to-day it is the
greatest nation on the face of the
earth. It has won the confidence of
the people of this land, it has preserved
the integrity of this nation and won
the respect of all nations of the earth.
"It was the party of Abraham Lin
coln and it struck the shackles from
millions of slaves; It was the party of
Grant and it led the hosts of American
patriots to preserve this nation for the
destiny that Providence has in store
for it; It was the party of Blaine, that
stood for statesmanship of the highest
character and patriotism of the purest
type; it was the party of McKinley,
that stood for protection to American
industries and to American- labor, Mc-
Kinley, under whose leadership we be
came a power among , the nations,
striving for peace with honor, but pre
pared through our army and citizen
soldiers on land and our navy on the
sea to fight for what was deemed the
cause of right.
"History affords no parallel in any
age or country for the growth in na
tional greatness and power and honor,
coupled with the betterment of the con
dition of our people, their opportunities
for education in our common schools,
the high moral atmosphere pervading
all classes, the purity of the home life,
the possession of civil and religious
I liberty, with honest labor dignified and
respected and ample employment' for
all who wanted work which have
marked the life of the American peo
ple during the long period of Repub
lican control. We may thank God to
night that under his guidance men
have been found inspired by ideals that
have enabled them so to direct affairs
of state in this, land under Republican
auspices that a nation has grown. up
whose start is ever in the ascendant
and upon whose greatness the sun
never, sets, and our prayers go up that
these conditions may continue for all
'time among a godfearing, lawabidlng
and respecting patriotic people.
"We have - met. also, to-night as I
have Indicated - to ratify the nomina-
WELL-KNOWN CALIFORNIA ORATORS. WHO STIRRED THE GREAT REPUBLICAN HOST AT THE ALHAMBRA THEA
TER TO PROLONGED CHEERS FOR THE PARTY. ITS PRINCIPLES. ITS ACHIEVEMENTS AND ITS PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES.
do in November? To doubt what she
will do would be to doubt the integrity
of the people of the State.
"With these few words I leave this
subject with you, with the thought that
no nation can be great unless 'ts in
stitutions produce great men to man
age its affairs. Unless it chooses great
men to guide it, it cannot prosper. We
stand in the forefront of the nations of
the world. Our flag floats everywhere,
yet we have this splendid Government
to guard at home and abroad. "We
must see to it that men of brains and
stamina are selected.
"With the reins of government In
the hands of Roosevelt and Fairbanks
we have the men who will advance this
country to glory. It may be that the
face of Lincoln looks down on us to
night, or that of Seward, or Grant, or
Garfield, or Harrison, or our McKin
ley. They were Republicans."
SENATOR WOLFE'S ADDRESS.
Announces Object of Meeting and Ex
presses Patriotic Sentiments.
Patriotic citizens who failed to get
in the Alhambra Theater last night
certainly missed a treat in the way of
oratory and good music. Patriotism
predominated every moment of the
golden jubilee of the Republican
party. Every mention of the party's
standard bearers brought forth cheer
after cheer and each speech was ap
plauded to the echo.
"Old Glory" waved in every nook
and corner of the auditorium and at
each reference to its spangled folds
the audience voiced its appreciation
with cheers and prolonged applause.
Senator Edward I. Wolfe was in his
happiest mood and announced each
speaker in a catchy way. When he
called the meeting to order he stated
that he had been requested to act as
chairman owing to the absence of
General Stone, who was attending a
similar meeting in Los Angeles. Con
tinuing, he said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen and Fellow
Citizens: In the absence of General
Stone, the chairman of the Republi
can' State Central Committee, the
pleasant duty has been assigned to me
of presiding over this, the first Re
publican demonstration of this cam
paign. I bring to you. however, a
message from the chairman of the
State Central Committee and at his
request I deliver it to you. If you
love your party and desire to see it
triumphant at the coming election you
must register and you must see that
your friends and your neighbors and
your employes and your employers
register, for unless you do so you can
not vote at the coming election, and
the State of California and the city
of San Francisco in particular owes
so much to the Republican party that
it is only right and proper that on
next November it should roll ud for
our present standard bearer as hand
some a majority as it did four years
ago for our beloved, much lamented
and martyred President, William Mc-
Kinley.
OBJECTS OF MEETING.
"We have met here to-night, as they
are meeting all over this nation, for
a dual purpose: To commemorate the
fiftieth aninversary of the birth of the
Republican party and to ratify the
nominations recently made at the Re
publican National Convention at Chi
cago. We are celebrating to-night
what may be called the golden wed
ding of the American people to a great
political party; a union that has re
sulted in the greatest degree of pros
perity and national greatness and
brought complete happiness and con
tentment to millions of firesides In
this nation.
"The Republican party came into be
ing as a protest against the extension
of the slave laws into the territory
then existing, and to voice the grow
ing opposition to the institution of
slavery In this land.' Open the history
of this country for the last fifty years
Says That the Republican Party
Stands for Progress.
CHEERS GREET JTUXS KAHX.
The name of Julius Kahn was greet
ed with cheers which were continued
some minutes after he walked to the
speaker's stand. He said:
"The Republican party stands for
progress. The best interests of the
commonwealth are vested In the Re
publican party.
• "Champ Clark has stated that the
greatest calamity that has befallen the
American republic was the second elec
tion of Grover Cleveland. Yesterday at
the great convention in St. Louis, when
the name of Cleveland was mentioned
cheers rent the air for ten minutes. I
wonder how Bryan felt when he heard
this, surrounded by his Nebraska dele
gates?
"The Democrats don't care for a plat
form. What they want is a candidate
that c«n win. All they want are the
loaves and fishes. They have an or
ganized appetite. In their convention
they have attacked Mr. Root. They
seem to forget that during the regime
of the Republican party the public debt
has been reduced, business has been
fostered, the navy has been built up.
a great civil government has been
given to the Philippines, the Monroe
doctrine has been strengthened and thp
stand and position of our Government
has promoted peace among the nations
of the earth. The Republican party has
no fear of results. The splendid record
of Theodore Roosevelt speaks for
itself."
Great cheering followed and the band
played "The Star Spangled Banner."
pronounced the rally as significant of
victory in the coming election.
greatest fair ever held Is being exhib
ited. That fair could not have been
held had it not been for the Republican
party."
The speaker went into the history of
the Republican party from the time of
its birth at Jackson. Mich.. July 6. 1S54.
down to the present time, dwelling on
the civil" war and the stand taken by
the Democratic partv at that time.
"The Republican was the progressive
party during all those years while the
Democratic party was the t>arty of
obstruction. In all of the fifty years in
my observation it has kicked and
growled and opposed. It was for flat
money— 16 to 1 and any old thing. Th«
Republican party has stood for protec
tion and prosperity for the people.
When Cleveland was President you all
remember the soup houses. When tht
Spanish war threatened the Democratic
brethren stood as a unit and fought
for 'Old Glory' and the honor of the
nation. But when the war closed, they
vilified the administration. They even
adopted Aguinaldo as their hero. While
no doubt President McKinley suf
fered and worried over the criticism
heaped upon him, he stood firm, and
when he was taken from us Roosevelt
took up the work and stands firm to
day."
Portions of Roosevelt's speech at the
Philadelphia convention were quoted
and Dibble concluded:
"I believe this republic has been
bullded and set apart for the uplifting
of humanity. Where the Republican
party fifty years ago stood alone
against the slave power, so to-day it
stands alone for the upbuilding of hu
manity."
terday and was an interested specta
tor at the great demonstration last
night. As an expert on political con
ventions and party demonstrations, he
and upon every page of it you will find
the impress of Republican legislation,
passed by Republican Houses of Con
gress and signed by Republican Preai-
A vast audience, representing the
btst citizenship of San Francisco, as- |
: -rrabled early last evening at the Al
hambra Theater to commemorate the
fiftieth birthday of the Republican
party and to ratify the nominations of j
the Republican National Convention.
Bombs, skyrockets, marching clubs,
and the general paraphernalia of the
¦ ¦rdinary political campaign were not
required to attract people to the Al
hambra. The announcements made in
the daily press of the city that a Joint
committee of the State League of Re
publican Clubs and the executive com- j
rnittee of the governing body of the j
5>arty had decided to ratify and cele- i
brate in San Francisco on Wednesday
evening, July 6, brought the people to
- „ - _
gether. One bonfire blazed at the cor
ner of Eddy and Jones streets and a
band stationed there discoursed patri
otic music to indicate the $ace of
meeting. Before 8 o'clock the theater
was crowded on the main floor and in
the galleries to its utmost seating ca
pacity. Mechanics, professional men
and workers in every line of industry
joined in the demonstrations of ap
plause that hailed the mention of emi
nent leaders in the Republican party.
Between 8 and 9 o'clock hundreds seek
ing admission to the Alhambra were
turned away because the house was
packed to its limit.
PATRIOTIC SEXTIMEXTS.
Patriotism as exemplified in love J
of country, devotion to the flag and ;
assertion of American principles of j
progress was the dominating senti
ment of the occasion. When the band
gave the music of "The Star-tfpangled
Banner" the vast concourse of people
arose. The achievements of the army
and navy in the cause of human lib
erty and human progress were ac
claimed. In reviewing the great work
v.rought by the Republican party for
The country's good Fince the memor
able convention '"under the oaks" at
Jackson, Mich., on July 6. 1854, the
f=peakf-rs rendered eloquent tribute to
Abraham Lincoln, U. S. Grant, James
G. Blaine, William McKinley and
Theodore Roosevelt and the audience
responded with mighty demonstrations
of approval, renewed and prolonged.
In happy style the presiding officer
rpoke of the programme at the Chi
cago convention which was carried out
in the nomination of Theodore Roose
velt and impressed upon the audience
the significant fact that the pro
gramme was not made by Wall street,
the trusts, the corporations and the
political bosses, but was created by
the American people, arid the conven
tion in following it registered the will
of the people.
An incident of the meeting occurred
when George A. Knight took his seat
on the stage of the Alhambra. He
was recognized by the audience and
the applause was so pronounced and
prolonged that the orator was con
strained to arise and ackncivledge the
tribute to his voice and genius.
PEERLESS ORATOR.
Another remarkable demonstration
took place when the eloquent speaker
Samuel M. Shortridge was presented as
a Republican leader who had borne the
banner of his party in many political
campaigns and had received no other
reward than that which springs from
the consciousness that duty is per
formed. The people of San Fran
<Uco assembled in the , Alhambra
last evening gave the distinguished
arA polished orator such a recep
tion as they formerly gave to
the illustrious General W. H. L.
Barnes, whose many and noble efforts
in the service of his country and his
party received no other recognition
than that rendered by the homage of
his countrymen. Many in, the audi
ence last night recalled the fact that
Mr. Shortridge once aspired to repre-
Fent California in the Senate of the
United States, but the Legislature in
its wisdom or in its fancy gave
the Senatorial honors to a for
mer Governor of the State, George
C. Perkins of Alameda. It was viv
idly brought to the mind of many
last night that the peerless orator ac
cepted the reverse with serene and
patriotic complacency. He did not sulk
in his tent or seek solace in the camp
of his political adversaries. He went
forward to the duty of proclaiming the
virtues of Republican aspirants more
fortunate than himself until it was in
delibly inscribed on the records of the
campaign committee of the patty:
"Where Shortridge speaks, Republican
majorities grow."
Cordial greetings -were given to John
T. Dare. Julius Kahn. Henry C. Dibble
and Cary Van Fleet, and whenever the
name of Roosevelt was spoken the Re
publican hosts applauded in their
might.
Jacob Steppacher. assistant secretary
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee* returned from the East yes-
Prominent Speakers Tell of the Good Work
Accomplished During the Last
Fifty Years.
Continued «n Pago 13, Coloma-4, <,i
Pages 1 1 to20
Pages 1 1 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, jXlLY 7, 1904.Continued on Faze 13, Column 1.
Continued on P»-e 13, Column S.
A century Is but a moment of history: it
has often happened that several of them have
passed away, elnce men began to record their
deed*, with Kttle change in the physical aspect
or the moral progress of the world. But at
other times— of Intense action and spiritual
awakening — a. single generation may form an
epoch; and few periods of- equal duration in
political annals have been so crowded with
great event* as the fifty, years we celebrate
to-day. Under the oaks of Jackson on the
f.th day of July, 1854. a ¦ party was brought
Into being and baptized, which ever since has
answered' the purposes of Its existence with
fewer follies and failures and. more mag
nificent achievements" than ordinarily fall to
the lot of any institution of mortal origin.
And even the beginning of the end Is not
i«X. Thi* historic parly 1* tcii' *u>w ia the
"under the oaks" convention of 1S54.
O'Brien, as well as Blair, had for his
subject "The History of the Republican
Party in Michigan."
An interesting feature of the exer
cises was a body of "Fremont voters"
and men who cast their ballots for the
"Pathfinder," for whom a thousand
prominent scats had been reserved.
Grand Army uniforms, crutches and
Filvered locks were conspicuous among
them and the rapt attention of these
"charter" Republicans was notable.
When the morning exercises at the
grove were concluded the distinguished
guests were driven to the Hotel Ot
sego, where they were tendered a re
ception*. Then there was a hnlf-hour's
Interruption of the day's programme
for luncheon. In the afternoon the
programme at the, grove was resumed.
A tremendous audience was present
when Senator Burrows introduced Sec
retary of State John Hay, the orator
of the afternoon. Secretary Hay said:
Thomas J. O'Brien of Grand Rapids,
the next speaker, .was introduced as
one of the participants in the original
Secretary of State John H»y ; who
was private secretary to Abraham Lin
coln, the first Republican President,
was the orator of the day. Other dis
tinguished guests present were Speaker
Cannon of the National House of
Representatives, Senator Fairbanks of
Indiana. Republican candidate for Vice
President, and United States Senators
AlRer and Burrows of Michigan.
The city was gay with bunting and
band concerts on the main streets pre
ceded the arrival of Secretary Hay and
Senator Fairbanks with a company of
prominent Republicans on a special
train from Detroit. Speaker Cannon
arrived last night. At the morning ex
ercises at Loomis Park Mayor Todd
delivered a hearty welcome and Gov
ernor Bliss briefly responded. Attorney
General Charles A. Blair of Jackson
then read an able paper on the history
of the Republican party.
FREMONT VOTERS PRESENT.
JACKSON, Mich.. July 6.— Five thou
sand persons assembled * In Loomis
Park here to-day to celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the birth of the
Republican party, "under the oaks,"
this city, July 6, 1854. It was here on
that date that the first State conven
tion acting under the name of "Re
publicans" was held. The State ticket
nominated on that day went through
a heated campaign to election day suc
cess. ¦ ¦•'..'-
It was not so easy fifty years ago to take
sides against the stave power as it may seem
to-day. Respect for the vested rights of the
Southern people was one of our moat sacred
traditions. It was founJed on the compromises
of the constitution, and upon a long line of
U-Kal and legislative precedents. The men of
the Revolution made no defense of slavery In
Itself; Washington. Adam*, Jefferson and
Franklin deplored its existence, but recosnlzed
the necessity of compromlf>e until the public
mind might rest In the hope of Its ultimata
extinction. Hut after they had panned away
improvement!) in the culture and manufacture
of cotton made this uneconomic form of labor
for the time profitable, and what had been
merely tolerated a 8 a temporary necessity be
gan to be upheld as a permanent system. Sla
very intrenched itself in every department of
our public lire. Its advocates dominated Con
gress and the State Legislatures: they even In
vaded the pulpit and grotesquely wrested a
few texts of Scripture to their \purpose. They
gave the tone to nociety; even the Southern
accent was imitated In our schools and col
leges. .*-..:.
If the slaveholders bad been content with
their unquestioned predominance, they might
for many years have controlled our polltlVl
and social wcrld. It was natural for the con
stivative people 'of the North to say: "We
deplore the existence of slavery, but we are
all to blame for it; we should not cast upon
our brethren in the South the burdens and
perils of Its abolition. \S'e must bear with the
unfortunate condition of things and take our
shtre of its Inconveniences." But the slave
holiiing party could not rest content. The an
cients raid that madness was the fate of those
Judged by the gods. Continual aggression is a
necessity of a false position. They felt In
stinctively that If their system were perma
nently to endure It must be extended, and to
at)sin this object they were ready to risk
everything. Th»y rent In twain the compro
mises which had protected them so long. They
tcre down the bulwarks which had once re
stricted nnd defended them; and confiding In
their strength 'nnd our patience they boldly
announced and inaugurated the policy of the
Indefinite extension of their "peculiar Institu
tion."
MIGHTY CRY AGAINST SLAVERY.
Once embarked *apon this fatal enterprise
they left nothing undone which could contrib
ute to the catastrophe upon which they were
rushing. The Whig party had gone to ruin In
1852 on account of the impossibility of combhi-
Ing the scattered elements of opposition to the
party of pro-slavery aggression. but they
themselves furnished the weapon which was
to defertt them. In May. 1854, after several
months of passionate debate, to which the
country listened with feverish Interest, Con
gress passed the bill organizing the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska.- omitting the restric
tions of the Missouri Compromise,-, which ex
cluded slavery from them. Thlsactlon at once
precipitated the floating anti-slavery sentiment
of the country-. A mighty cry of resolute In
d'jrnatlon arose from ' one end of the land to
the other. The hollow truce, founded upon the
legitimate compromises which had been ob
wrved In good faith by one side and ruthlessly
violated by the other, was at an end. lien
began to search their consciences Instead of
Uit arguineuti U ooUtical axoedlencv. a
A DIFFICULT TASK.
full maturity of its power and its capacity
for good. We look back upon a past of un
paralleled usefulness and glory with emotions
of thankfulness and pride; we confront th«
future and Its exacting problems with a con
fidence born of the experience of difficulties
surmounted and triumphs achieved In paths
more thorny and ways more arduous than
any that are likely to challenge the courage
and the conscience of the generation which Is
to follow us. It is meet that at this stage
of our Journry w e yhould review the past and
read its I«-ssunn. and in Its light take h?art
for Vhat lies beyond.
The Republican party had a noble origin.
It sprang directly from an aroused and In
dignant national , conscience. Questions of
finance, of political economy, of orderly ad
ministration, itftxsed out of sight for the mo
ment, to be taken up and dealt with later on.
But In 1S54 the question that brought the
thinking men together was whether there
should be a limit to the aggressions of slavery:
and in lbtil that solemn Inquiry turned to one
tstlll more portentous, Should the nation live
or diet The humblest old Republican In
America hits the right to be proud that In
the days of his youth in the presence of these
momentous questions he Judged right; and if
he 1<« sleeping in his honored grave his chil
dren may Justly be glad of his decision.
3 In the field of political discussion the most
dramatic Incident of the fight was the debate
between Lincoln and Douglas. Not many of
you saw that battle of the strong, where each
of the gladiators, htd an adversary worthy of
his steel, where the audiences were equally
divided, where tjie combatants . were fairly
matched In I debating skill and address, and
where the superiority of Lincoln was not so
much personal as It "wa* In the overwhelming
strength of his position. Me was fighting for
freedom and could say so; Douglas was figt%-
Ing for slavery and could not avow it. Tnc
result of the contest Is now. seen to have been
Inevitable. Douglas was re-elected to the Sen
ate but had gained also the resentful suspicion
of the South, which two years later disowned
him auJ defeated Ma lifelong ambition. Ua.
LINCOLN-DOUGLAS DEBATE.
I have nti right to detain you at this hour in
recounting the history of those memorable days
Two incidents of the long battle will never be
forgotten. One was the physical and political
contest for the possession of Kansas, carried
on with desperate courage and recklessness of
consequences by the pro-slavery party on the one
Bide, and, on the other, by the New England
farmers whose weapons of aggression were
Bible texts and the words of Jefferson and
whose arms of defense were Sharpe'e 'rifles,
with words that ring even now when we read
them, like th« clashing of swords, the Slave
State men claimed Kansas as their right and
the Free State men replied In the words of
the prophet before Herod. "It Is not lawful for
you to have her." And when the talking
sharpened to the physical clinch, the praying
men fought with the tame ferocity as the men
who cursed.
Only among the more obscure and ardent
members of the party was there any demand
for the abolition of slavery, but the whole
party stood like a rock for the principle that
the damnable Institution must be content with
what it had already got. and must not be al
lowed to pollute another Inch of free soil.
On thi* Impregnable, ground they made their
stand; and the mass convention which asFeni
blfd here In 1S5», while the vibrations, of tho
thunder of the guns and the nboutlngs of the
birthday of liberty yet lingered In the air, gave
a nucl'.-UB and a name to the new party, der
tlned to a great and beneficent career. Before
the month ended, the antl-siavery men of five
more great States adopted the nnme "Repub
lican." and under that banner Conjrrers was
carried and two years later a national party
assembled at I'ittsburK and nominated Fremont
and Dayton, who failed by a few votes of
sweeping the North.
Who of us that was living then will ever
forget the ardent enthusiasm of those days?
It was one of thoee, periods, rare In the life oj
any nation, when men forget themselves and.
in *rlte of habit, of Interest and of prejudice,
follow their consciences wherever \hey may
lead. In the clear; keen air that was abroad
the best men in the country drew des^per
breaths and rose to a moral height they had
not before attained. The movement was uni
versal. Sumner in the East, Seward in New
York; Chase In Ohio, Hates In Missouri, Blair
in Maryland, all sent forth their Identical ap
peal to the higher motive; and In Illinois
where the most popular man In the Statn
boldly and cynically announced. '-I don't caro
whether slavery Is voted up or voted 'down " a
voice, new to the nation, replied. "Thereare. some
of us who do care. If slavery is not wrong
nothing is wron?"— and Abraham Lincoln came
upon the field not to leave It until he was
triumphant In death.
Yet the most wondertul feature of that ex
traordinary campaign which then began, and
which never ceased until the land was purged
of Its deadly sin, was that even In the very
"tempest and whirlwind of their passion" the
great leaders of the Republican party kept
their agitation strictly within the limits of
the constitution and tho law. There was no
general demand for even an amendment to the
organic instrument. They pleaded for the re
peal of unjust statutes as inconsistent with
the constitution, but did not advocate their
violation.
BIRTH OF REPUBLICAN" PARTY.
discussion 6f the right and wrong of slavery
bicame general; the light was let In. fatal to
darkness. A system which degraded men.
fill-honored women, deprived little children of
the sacred solace of home, was doomed from
the hour It passed Into the arena of free de
bate. And even If we shut our eyes to tho
moral aspects of that heartless system, and
confined ourse'vt-s to the examination of its
economic merits, it was found to be wasteful
and Inefficient. The Americans are at once
the most sentimental nnd the most practical
of peoples — and when they see that an insti
tution Is morally revolting, and, besides, does
not pay. Its fate is sealed.
Reviews in a Brilliant Speech the Steady Progress of
the Country Under Republican Rule.
SECRETARY OF STATE HAY ADDRESSES
ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE AT JACKSON
PROMINENT SPEAKERS AT THE REPUBLICAN* RALLIES IN* SACRAMENTO • AND LOS AN'GELES.
The Republican party. In the mass and
In detail, has *ho».i Us capacity to govern.
By the homesteau Jaw. with equal generosity
and wisdom, it . distributed the Immense na
tional domain among th~ citizens who were
willing to cultivate It and who have converted
wld« stretches of wilderness Into smiling
The world learned other lessons in swift
succession. W« disbanded our army — eent
thorn home to earn their livings a* simple
citizens of th<? land they had saved, without
terms cr conditions: they asked none; they
wanted peace: they wer* glad to get to work.
And there were no reprisals, not a man pun
ished for rebellion or treason; not an act of
violence sullied the glory of victory. The fight
had b*#n (Wee, but loyal; we at leait w|?h»d
the reconciliation to be perfect. Then rantt
the paying of our debts. To whom Is the credit
due of that enormous task, that Ktibllm- effort
of common honesty. If not to the party which
against e\*ry assault of op?n and covert re
pudiation stood by the country's honor and
kert It fr?e frcm stain?
\a t me hurriedly enumerate a few of th->
events in the long and fruitful career of the
Republican p.irty which *eem to us to entitle
It to the confidence of the country and the
flnnl approval of history. After the war was
ended and poace re-established with no dam
age to the structure of the Government, but
on th« contrary, with added strength and' with
Increased guaranties of it* perpetuity it re
mained to h" shown whether the power and
»ucee«a of the Republican party were to be
permanent, or' wh-Uher. born of a crisis It
was fitted to cope with the problems of dally
national life. It had destroyed slavery or
perhaps wo might better say. It had\ created
tn» conditions by which slavery had committed
Filicide. In th« absence of this great advprsary
could the party hoM together against the
thousand lesser evils that beset the public life
of modern peoples — the evils of Ignorance cor
ruption, avarice, and lavrlessiHss. the preju
dices of race and of class, the voices of dema
gogues, the cunning of dishonest craft, the
brutal tyranny of the boss, the venality of
the mean? I think It is not too much to nay
that tho last forty years have given an answer,
full of glory and honor, to that question.
REPUBLICAN* PARTY'S RECORD.
DAWN" OF PEACE.
"Abraham Lincoln, the honest man. Waged
war. Abollfht-d slavery. Twice elected Presi
dent without veiling tho fac* of liberty." This
was an achievement new to the world: that a
man and a party, armed with an authority so
unqupoticned -inrt so stupendous, in the very
current of a vast war, should have submitted
themselvw so rigidly to the law— and never
have dreamed there was anything meritorious
abrtut it. Then, If never before, we proved
we wore as fit to be free as the men who
achieved our freedem.
But we who have always tried to walk In
the marl he pointed out cannot be deprived of
the tender pride of calling ourselves his disci
ples, and of doing In his name the work allot
ted to us by Providence. And I hope I am vio
lating neither the confidence of a friend nor
the prcprleties of an occasion like this when I
refer to th«? arient and able young statesman
who is now. and Is to be. our President to let
you know that In times of doubt and difficulty
th« thought cftenest In his heart Is, "What, in
such a case, would Lincoln have done?"
As we are removed farther and farther from
the founders of our party and their mighty
work, their names and their fame rise every
year higher in the great perspective of his
tory. The clamor of hatred and calumny dies
awb>\ The efforts made to weaken the hands
of Lincoln and his associates are forgotten.
Th» survivors of those who so bitterly at
tacked him and his cause, which was the
cau»e of the country, are now themselves as
tonished when confronted with the words they
then uttered. But It was against a political
opposition not less formidable and efficient
than the armed force beyond the Potomac that
the Union men of that day. and their Presi
dent, had to struggle. It was not merely the
looses in battle, the waste of our wealth, the
precious blood of our young men. that filled
Lincoln's heart with anguish and made htm
old before his time, but it was the storm of
partisan hostility that raged against him. fill-
Ing the atr with slanders and thwarting his
most earnest and upselflsh efforts for the
country's sood. Hut In spite of it all he per
severed, never for a moment tempted by the
vast power he wielded to any action not Justi
fied by the moral and organic law. I have al
way« liked the Inscription^ on the medal which
the workmen cf France, 7>y one-cent mibscrlp
tions. caused to Iks struck after his death:
DISCIPLE OF LINCOLN'.
coin . became at once the foremost Republican
of the West and a little later the greatest
political figure of the century.
If there is one thing more than another In
which we Republicans are entitled to a legiti
mate pride it Is that Lincoln was our first
President; that we believed In him. loyally
supported him while he lived, and that we have
never lost the right to call ourselves his follow
era. There is not a principle avowed by the
Republican party to-day which is out of har
mony with his teachings or Inconsistent with
his character. "We do not object to our oppo
nents quoting him, praising him — even claim
ing him as their own. If It Is not sincere. It is
still a laudable tribute to acknowledged excel
lence. If it is genuine. It is still better, for
even a Nebraska Populist who reads his Lin
coln Is in the way of salvation. But only
those who belie\-e In human rights and are
willing to make sacrifices to defend them; who
believe in the nation and its beneficent power;
who believe In the American system of pro
tecticn championed by a long line of our great
est and best, running back from McKinley to
Washington, and, as Senator Dolliver so truth
fully said, "to the original sources of American
common sense;" only those Vho believe in
equal Justice to labor and capital; In honest
money and the right to earn it, have any title
to name themselves by the name of Lincoln or
to claim a moral kinship with that august and
venerated spirit.' I admit it would be little
less than sacrilego to try to trade upon that
benignant renown, whose light "folds In this
orb o" the earth."
The chief oration of the evening was
that delivered by Oscar Lawler of Los
Angeles, whose subject was "From
Lincoln to Roosevelt.','
At ter the programme had been com
pleted the distinguished visitors and
other prominent members of the party
held an impromptu reception and It
was midnight before the banqueters
left the pavilion
Senator Bard's snWect was "Repub
licans Looking Westward." He spoke
briefly but eloquently of the high place
the Western States have taken in the
list of Republican commonwealths and
how by reason of the growing impor
tance of the Pacific Coast the Eastern
leaders of the party would always look
to this part of the country to do its full
duty to the party and thereby to the
country.
"Why California Is Republican" was
the subject of an able speech by Con
gressman James McLachlan. He was
followed by Henry E. Oxnard, who
spoke on the subject, "The Republican
Platform t»f 1904." His speech was ex
temporaneous and less than ten min
utes In length. Taking up the leading
planks in the Republican declaration
or principles Oxnard argued that they
were a safe gauge by which the coun
try could measure the purpose of the
party. He considered the platform a
model of Us kind, a declaration which
every Republican could stand upon and
fight for, and something which would
give to "the people at large renewed
confidence in the party, because they
would know that Republican pledges
are not made to be broken.
The presence of both Senator Thomas
R. Bard and Henry T. Oxnard at the
speakers' table added interest to the
occasion, for the names of both will be
presented at the next session of the
Legislature as candidates for the Sen
atorship. If any of the 3000 people
present expected either of them to re
fer even remotely to the contest now
on between them they were doomed to
disappointment. The banquet was not
marred by reference to personal aspi
rations, but in a dignified. manner both
gentlemen confined themselves to
praise of the party .and the achieve
ments of the Republican leaders rather
than referring to merely local matters.
Senator George C. Perkins' subject
was "Early Days of the Republican
Party In California," and his speech was
replete with reminiscences of the early
days in this State. He told of the little
handful of men who, when the party
came into being, started the movement
which made California a Republican
State. She has deviated at times from
tho straight course, but the speaker
asserted there was never a time when
California was not really a Republican
State and predicted that she would al
ways remain so.
He told, interestingly, of the early
struggles of the party, the trouble with
the copper-heads during the war and
spoke familiarly of men whose names
adorn the country's history.
SENATORS GIVE ADDRESSES.
Buchanan is probably the oldest Re
publican in Southern California. He
corrected the impression that he was
present at the birth of the party. He
stated that he was one of the men who
organized the party in the State of
Indiana, but . the Indiana convention
didn't meet until after the Republican
party had been organized elsewhere.
At the time the party was organized
in Indiana Buchanan was a member
of the Hoosier State Legislature, and
when the movement toward Republi
canism swept into the country in 1855
all prominent fusionists in Indiana were
called together in Indianapolis and
voted to affiliate themselves with the
new Republican party. Since that time
Buchanan has voted for eleven Repub
lican Presidential candidates and has
been a member of the party for .forty
eight years.
"Recollection of the Early Conven
tions" was the subject of an address
by J. A. Buchanan c* Pasadena, one
of the early leaders of the party In the
Middle West.
.had attended many political gatherings,
but none at which there was such a
showing for such an occasion. The
i State, he said, expects Los Angeles
County and Southem>yCallfornla to do
her duty and had no fears of what
the result would be. He considered a
sweeping victory for the Republican
ticket in this State next November at
a majority which would establish a
new record.
"Theodore Roosevelt, with a wis
dom and Judgment far beyond his
years, recognizing all the difficulties of
the situation, immediately upon tak
ing his oath of office made the one
declaration of all others calculated to
avoid Business complications, financial
anxiety and political uneasiness, and
that was that the plans and purposes
of President McKinley should be car
ried out to the end in the very spirit
as that in which they were conceived.
This declaration brought back con
fidence and allayed fear and placed
President Roosevelt at once in his
rightful possession, that of one of the
great Presidents of the republic, and
leader of the Republican party. As it
were, he had the interests of the na
tion steady with one hand, leaving the
other free to grapple with new prob
lems and responsibilities."
The speaker said It needed such a
strong, resolute business man as Pres
ident Roosevelt to bring to a conclusion
the legislation and negotiations over
the isthmian canal and to overcome the
Intrigues of adverse Interests, both in
the United States and in the State of
Colombia. McKinlay numbered amon,'
other recent achievements the laying
of the Pacific cable, by private enter
prise, it is true, but enterprise hastened
by Congressional bills contemplating
such a cable. Progress has been madu
I under Roosevelt toward the building of
a merchant marine. He characterized
as a signal triumph for American diplo
macy the note of Secretary Hay defin
ing the relationship of nations border-
Ing on the Pacific.
PARTY'S GREAT RECORD.
Continuing. McKinlay said: "Cuba
has been turned over to her own Gov
ernment and treaties of trade and al
liance have been made between that
new reoublfc and the United States
which will be advantageous to both
countries.
"Porto Rico has been firmly estab
lished on her new Governmental basis
and is rapidly becoming not only pros
perous, but affluent.
"The Philippine insurrection ha-s been
entity subdued and an enlighten**!
and progressive system of self-govern
ment inaugurated, a system which,
containing: as it does the representa
tion of the people themselves and a
participation by the people of that Gov
ernment, must In a very few years work
out the problem of a government of tha
peopie, by the people, for the people
.jf the Philippine Archipelago.
"Th«» navy has been tremendously In
creased under President Roosevelt.
There have been completed in the last
four years five battleships, four cruis
ers, four monitors and thirty-four tor
pedo-boats and torpedo-boat destroy
ers, and in addition to this there ar-j
to-day under construction in the va
rious shipyards thirteen battleships
and thirteen cruisers.
"The army has been reorganized and
brought to an up-to-date standard
with a maximum force of 100.000 and a
minimum force of 60,000 In time of
peace.
"Postal frauds have been exposed and
the perpetrators, no matter how high
or low their station, brought before the
bar of the Federal courts on charges of
fplnnv
"Timber frauds of many years' stand
ing have been unearthed and the per
petrators prosecuted and more than
two million acres of fraudulently ob
tained lands restored to the public do
main.
"The trusts have been vigorously dealt
with in a number, of suits. A new de
partment has been- added to the Attor
ney General's Jurisdiction for tha.
one purpose of carrying on special
prosecutions against the violators of
the various anti-trust laws, and four
teen injunction suits have been com- .
menced and injunctions obtainod in
Federal courts against fourteen great
railroad* prohibiting the granting of re
bates in freight rates to favored shfp-
LABOirS REAL FRIEND.
"Organized labor has found a true and
loyal friend In President Roosevelt,
who stretched his constitutional powor
to the utmost to bring about harmony
between employer and employe in tha
SACRAMENTO. July «.— The Re
publicans of this city ratified the nom
ination of Roosevelt and Fairbanks
and celebrated the fiftieth anniversary
of the birth of the party to-night with
demonstration and meeting at Cap
itol Park, in which thousands Joined.
The orator for the occasion was Hon.
Duncan McKinlay of San Francisco,
whose tribute to the Republican lead
ers aroused great enthusiasm. Other
speakers were Superior Judge E. C.
Hart, Senator R. T. Devlin. Joseph
Steffens and A. L. Hart Jr.
Duncan McKinlay was escorted to
the Capitol from the Golden Eagle
Hotel by the various uniformed Re
publican clubs, headed by a band and
carrying torches. Scenes of enthusi
asm marked the route to the scene of
the open air meeting at the park,
where a vast crowd had assembled.
McKinlay dwelt at length upon the
last speech of the late President Wil
liam McKinley, delivered at Buffalo
shortly before his assassiation, and
spoke of it as matching Washington's
farewell address and Monroe's Im
mortal pronouncement of the inviola
bility of every foot of American soil
from foreign conquest. Referring to
the shock which the country experi
enced upon President McKlnley's
death, the speaker said:
D. E. 3IcKINlu\Y SPEAKS.
In a five-minute speech prior to the
introduction of the other speakers Gen
eral George H. Stone complimented the
Republicans of Los Angeles County
Upon their snlendid organization and
upon the fact that during the past two
years the Republican clubs have
maintained headquarters and have
worked steadily despite the fact that
there was no contest on. He said he
SPEECHES ARK ELOQUENT.
The pavilion had been transformed
into a place of beauty. Every square
foot of the woodwork was covered with
bunting, and hundreds of flags were
draped around large pictures of fa
mous Republicans. The theme of the
•ventng, the keynote of the celebration,
was contained in the legend, "From
LJncoln to Roosevelt." which appeared
in flaming letters abo\-e the speakers'
Ktar.d, and at either end of it were pic
tures of the two great Republicans.
That over the proscenium was supple
mented with an artistic valance bear-
Ing the legend, "Progress, Peace, Pros
perity." Pictures of all the Republican
Presidents appeared at either side of
the motto. Across the entire width
of the platform was the speak
er's table and behind It at right
angles were six tables at which
were seated members of the reception
committee. A score or more of long ta
bles accommodated the other banquet
ens. The guests of the Republican
League assembled at 7:20 o'clock and
shortly after 8 o'clock the signal was
given and they repaired to their places
on the main floor.
It was nearly 8:30 o'clock when Gen
r-ral Stone, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, was Intro
duced as toaetmaster. Then an
elaborate menu, one fit for a dinner
party in a fashionable club, was dis
coursed and for an hour the banquet
er* enjoyed the repast Then the
speeches began, and with them the
enthusiasm of the audience manifested
Itself. Each of the speakers was greeted
with cheers and accorded all the at
tention that any speaker could ask.
The mention of names dear to the
hearts of Republicans was greeted with
applause. Perhaps nothing new was
told by the speakers, but they told
what they had to say in an eloquent
manner and awakened a degree of en
thusiasm that gives promise of a more
phenomenal Republican majority In
Los Angeles County this year than that
given the party ticket two years ago.
It is the purpose of the party leader*
in thi3 county to extend their already
extensive organization, which has been
maintained for two years, and the sen
timent expressed by the visitors who
ncted the enthusiasm to-night was that
Los Angeles County will keep the Re
publican banner this year.
LINCOLN' TO ROOSEVELT.
In keeping with this sentiment sev
eral w'-ll' known Democrats participat
ed in to-night's celebration, not as
Democrats, but as American citizens
who could conscientiously applaud
the achievements of Loncoln, Grant,
•iarSeld. McKinley and Roosevelt. It
was a kappy occasion unmarred by
any untoward incident and those who
came from a distance expressed them
selves after it was over as being
amazed that such a function could
have been eo delightfully given with
out the slightest confusion other than
that which always accompanies the
meeting of so large a body of men.
Months ego Postmaster Motley H.
Flint conceived the idea of opening
the campaign in Southern California
with a banquet at which one thousand
covers were to be laid. The birthday of
the Republican party was chosen at
the date'and with a committee of his
own selection from the Republican
League Postmaster Flint went to work.
There was practically a unanimous re
sponse from the Republicans of this
city when he publicly announced the
project. Invitations were sent broad
cast over the State and numerous fa
vorable replies were received.
In this city there was such a demand
for tickets that the original issue of
1000 was quickly taken up and the num
ber had to be increased to 1500. This,
too, would have been increased hc^l it
not been that the number taxed the
capacity of the main floor of Hazard Pa
vilion, where the banquet was held. To
iiight when the doors were opened only
the holders of tickets were admitted
to the main floor, but the two lirrs
galleries were fillr-d to overflow':. g with
members of the party who sought t«.>
lieur the ringing words of the reven!
eloquent speakers who Jold of the
achievements of the grand old party.
LOS ANGELES, July 6. — Nowhere
in the country, except, of course, at
Jack«on, Mich., was the fiftieth anni
versary of the organization of the Re
publican party celebrated in a more
elaborate manner than in Los Ange
les. There have b*»en many notable
political events in this city and in
this cad of the Ftate, but to-night's
celebration eclipsed anything of the
kind ever before attempted here.
For two days Los Angles has been
the Republican Mecca for California
members of the party and from all
over the State came men prominent
in every calling to participate in a
banquet, the equal of which as a po
litical feast has seldom been equaled
in this section of the country. Nor
did the event partake wholly of a po
litical color. In a broader sense it
was more patriotic than political; a
sounding of the praises of past and
present Republican leaders, not whol
ly because they were Republicans, but
more because they were statesmen and
patriots.
.MANY DEMOCRATS ATTEND.
Enthusiastic
Southrons
Awake.
Achievements
Portrayed
Vividly.
Party Career Is
Lauded at
Capital.
Los Angelenos
Hold Big
Rally.
REPUBLICANS OF THE STATE AND NATION HONOR
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF BIRTH OF THE PARTY
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.
12MONARCH OP MARIPOSA
GROVE SLOWLY DYING
"Giant Grizzly," the King of Trees, Is
Gradually Passing Into
Decay.
FRESNO, July 6. — "Giant Grizzly,"
the Mariposa^Grove tree, is dying.
This is supposed to be the best known
tree in California, and State Highway
Commissioner Nat Ellery says that
after- an investigation the other day
he finds that the tree is dying and
leans fully eighteen feet from its cen
ter axis. Efforts will be made to hold
the giant in its proper attitude by
cables: The giant grizzly stands 244
feet high and- measures 109 feet in
circumference. The tree was pretty
well srown when *Uie first records of
the New Testament were translated.
Tulare's Valuation Increases.
"VISALIA, July 6.— The assessment
roll of Tulare County for the current
year was completed to-day. It shows
a total value of county property to be
515,565,201, a gain of 5363,000 over last
year. There are 1,359,000 acres of as
sessable property in Tulare County.
REYES DECLARED ELECTED
PRESIDENT OF COLO3IBI A
WASHINGTON.July 6.— General Ra
fael Reyes was declared elected Presi
dent of Colombia on July 4, according to
a cable mesage received at the Stai*
Department to-day from A. C. Snyder,
American Charge d'Affaires at Bogoti.
This declaration Is presumably - made
by the Electoral College, a popular
election having been held several
months ago. General Reyes, always a
strong candidate on account of his hon
esty and his record as a soldier, was
then In France. He hurried home to
prevent himself from being counted
out after the elections. Senor Velez.
President of the Colombia Senata, and
who is extremely anti-American, was
General Reyes* most formidable op
ponent.
WILL NOT OFFEND MORMONS.
Compromise Planlc on the Question of
Polygamy Is Agreed To.
SALT LAKE, July 6.— At least a
score of urgent telegrams have been
sent by Democratic city, county and
State officials of Utah to-day to David
B. Hill, William J. Bryan and other
prominent leaders now at St. Louis, as
well as to members of delegations
from other States than Utah, strongly
opposing the insertion of an anti-poly
gamy plank in the Democratic national
platform, and urging them to turn
down the plank on this subject, which,
it is understood, is being urged by
Senator Dubois of Idaho. The tele
grams to former Senator Hill were
especially emphatic.
A telegram was received from Na-
Gives $100,000 to Baptist Unlrerslty.
NEWARK. Ohio, July e. — John D.
Rockefeller has given to the Dentson
Baptist University $100,000, tn addi
tion to the $250,000 jjiven some tlma
a 4°- 89
next speaker. He said in part:
Fifty years U a brief period whea compared
with tho life of th« «Mer nations, yet it em
braces the entire life of the Republican party,
a party whoso achievements are among: the
most lasting and luminous of Uio deeds done
by any party since the beginning; of the Gov
ernment.
PARTY'S GREAT RECORD.
The span of the last fifty years la Indeed tho
rolden ar* of the , republlo. Durlns
the greater ** part of that period the
Republican party was In the ascend
ency. Its principles and its policies wera
In full operation In the nation and our coun
try advanced as never before. Iits growth
during the existence of the Republican party
verres upon the marvelous. While tho tre
mendous progress that has been made cannot
be ascribed, of course, to the wisdom and
beneficence of its policies, yet it has contrib
uted Immeasurably to * the results which have
been attained. . No duty has been laid upon
it, no matter how sudden or grave, but that it
has met it wisely and bravely.
'The Republican party haa given to history
many statesmen of great eminence, whose
names have become a part of the Immeasurable
glory of tho republlo. We will enter upon the
half century which opens before us with such
hopeful promise under a brave, patriotic, wise
American, whose ideals are in harmony with
the best traditions of the republic and whose
ambition Is to lead our countrymen and our
country In the paths of peace, prosperity and
honor — Theodore Roosevelt.
Speaker Cannon spoke extem
poraneously.
"Here at Jackson," he said, "you
made the declaration many years ago
that we could not have slaves and free
men working side by sidej and that
was right."
The Republican party, he declared,
had made ', labor free, and America
would elevate and keep labor above
the level of the laboring man in any
other country in the world.
Senator Alger was the last speaker.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 6.— M. ¦ Witte,
president of tho Ministerial Council, will leave
for Berlin to-morrow, where ho will arrange
for a deflnlta conclusion of th* commercial
treaty. . i
SAN BERNARDINO, July 6.— There
was a pitched battle at Needles to-day
between ten strikers and nine strike
breakers. The non-union men were de
feated, after which their conquerors
seized them, tied them to trees and for
awhile amused themselves by pelting
the captives with stones.
When the unionists released the men
they were given a few parting blows
over the head-with clubs. One of the
non-union men managed to get away
and ran to the stockade for assistance,
returning with a pistol and several dep
uties. But the strikers had left.
Captors at Needles Amuse Themselves
by Pelting Their Prisoners
With Stones. ;>Ci
STRIKERS TIE XOX-UXIOX
WORKMEN HAND AND FOOT
3fore Union Miners Are Deported.
TELLURIDE, Colo., July 6. — Five
unionists were deported to-night from
Telluride by the civil authorities.
Thomas Nelson, president of the local
Miners' Union, was met on the street
by City Marshal Guyer and Deputy
Sheriff Runnels, who escorted him to
the edge of the city and told him to
keep going and never return to Tellu
ride. ;-::, :-.v-.:
BILLINGS, Mont.. July 6.— Ed Grady,
who has been a fugitive from justice
since the robbery of nine gamblers in
the Owl saloon Friday night and the
murder of Sergeant R. T. Hannah and
the shooting of Sheriff George Hub
bard, was captured this morning as
a result of information furnished by
a woman, whose name has not been
given to the public. This woman,
through Attorney C. S. Crippen. mad?
a proposition to Stock Inspector James
Webb that. If she were assured of the
reward of $750 offered by the Business
Men's Association sh* would betray
Grady and reveal his hiding place to
the officers.
Tho authorities promised that If
Grady was produced the reward would
be paid to her.
. The woman was given a bottle of
whisky, which she took to Grady, and
the posse followed her and surrounded
a field near the city limits, whers
Grady was In hiding, and captured
him. He offered no resistance and wafl
armed with nothing except a razor. He
was taken to Redlodge Jail, where he
will be kept for the present, for fear of
lynching in this city.
Grady has confessed ha wtu one of
the robbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fugitive Felon Wanted for
' Murder Is Betrayed by a
Woman Whom He Trusted
GIVES ROBBER
UP TO POLICE
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— The committee
on resolutions Is made up as follows:
Alabarna — Rufus X. Rhodes.
Arkansas — J. P. Clarke.
California— D. M. Delmas.
Colorado— Charles S. Thomas.
Connecticut— Bryan F. Mahan.
Delaware— William Salisbury.""
Florida— C. L. Wilson.
Georgia— J. "W. Maddox. •
Illinois— Ben T. Cable.
Indiana— B. F. Shiveley.
Idaho— Fred I. Dubois.
Iowa— J. B. Weaver.
Kansas— A. M. Jackson.
Kentucky— J. C. W. Beckhatl.
Louisiana — M. J. Foster.
Maryland — J. Poe.
Massachusetts— Charles S. Hamlin.
Michigan— T. E. Barksworth.
Minnesota— C. E. Veasly.
Mississippi— John Sharp Williams.
Missouri — John T. Hurd.
Montana— Martin Maginnis.
Nebraska— William J. Bryan.
Nevada— Francis G. Newlands.
New Hampshire— John M. Mitchell.
New Jersey— Alva A. Clark. I •';. '•;.:
New York— David Bennett Hill.
North Carolina— Edward Chambers
Smith.
North Dakota — Siver Serumgard.
Ohio— John A; McMahon.
Oregon— W. F. Butcher.
Pennsylvania— R. E. Pattison.
Rhode Island— George M. Green.
South Carolina — B. R. Tillman.
South Dakota— R. F. Pettigrew.
Tennessee — Edward W. Carmack.
Texas— Joseph W. Bailey.
Utah — Frank J. Cannon.
Vermont— Ellsha May.
Virginia— John W. Daniel.
Washington— M. M. Godman.
West Virginia— Henry G. Daviu.
Wisconsin — T. J. Fleming.
Wyoming— David N. Stickney.
Arizona— W. F. Timmins.
District of Columbia— James I* Nor
ris.
Indian Territory— T. L. Wade.
New Mexico — James G. Fitch.
Oklahoma Territory — Roy E Staf
ford.
Hawaii — James L. Coke.
Alaska— W. E. Crews.
Make-Up of the National Convention's
Committee on Resolutions.
BUILDERS OP THE PLATFORM.
HEPPNER, Or., July 6. — Thrust
from the room by her demented hus
band, after a struggle in which she.
had attempted to take from him a re
volver, Mrs. W. Lichtenthal heard the
shot fired that ended his life. Lichten
thal, the retiring County Treasurer,
and a long established shoe dealer of
Heppner, opened his store as usual
this morning. He returned home soon,
but went back to the store, this time
to get his revolver.
Reaching home, he went at once to
his room. Just as his wife entered he
had removed his coat, vest and shoes.
He held the pistol in his hand Mrs.
Lichtenthal became alarmed and tried
to wrest it from him. She was ordered
from the room, but just as she reached
the outside door her husband shot
himself and never recovered conscious
ness, dying at noon.
His defeat for his fourth successive
term as County Treasurer is supposed
to have caused Lichtenthal excessive
worry. He was about to turn over the
funds to his successor, but this will not
be done until an investigation is made.
Every indication is that his accounts
were perfectly straight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Retiring County Treasurer
of Heppner, Or., Shoots
Himself in AVif e's Presence
DEFEAT DRIVES
HIM TO DEATH
BERLJU, July 6. — Russia has decid
ed to punish Finland for the assassin
ation of Governor General Bobrikoff.
Information reaches this city that
Prince Obolensky. the new Governor
General, has arrived In Helsingfors
with personal orders from the Czar to
initiate a policy of revenge. All Fin
nish and Swedish clubs will be abolish
ed. Leading Swedes, including intel
lectual leaders of the community, will
be either deported or exiled. All Fin
nish and Swedish newspapers which
have published articles sympathizing
with the assassin and his family will
be suppressed. The students erf the
University of Helsingfors will also be
made to suffer for Bobrikoff'g death.
One hundred have already been strick
en off the rolls and several professors
are marked for dismissal.
8peclal Dispatch to The Can.
Residents of Finland Are
to Be Made to Suffer for
the Killing of Bobrikoff
CZAR DECIDES
ON PUNISHMENT
ROOSEVELT AS THE ISSUE.
We could desire no better fortune, in the
campaign upon which we are entering, than
that the other side should persist In their an
nounced intention to make the issue upon
President Roosevelt. What a godsend to our
orators'. It takes some study, some research,
to talk about the tariff, or the currency, or
'foreign policy. But to talk about Roosevelt!
it is as easy as to sing "the glory of the
Graeme." Of gentle birth and breeding, yet
a man of the people in the best s«nse; with
the training of a scholar and the breezy acces
sibility of a ranchman;! a man of the library
and a man of the world; an athlete and a.
thinker; a soldier and a statesman; a reader,
a writer, and a mak*r of history; with the
sensibility of a poet and the steel nerve of a
rough rider; one who never did,, and never
could, turn his back on a friend or an enemy.
A man whose merits are bo great that he
could win on his merits alone; whose person
ality Is so engaging that you lose sight of his
merits. Make their fight on a man like that!
What Irreverent caricaturist was It that called
them the stupid party?
In our candidate for the Vie« Presidency we
have tone back to the old and commendable
custom of the republic and have nominated a
man in every way fit for the highest place In
the nation, who will bring to the Presidency of
the Senate an ability and experience rarely
equaled In it» history.
I have detained you too long; yet as I close
I want to say a word to the young men whoso
political life is beginning. Any one entering
business would be triad of the chance to be
come one of an established firm with years
of success behind It. with a wide connection,
with unblemished character, with credit found
ed on a rock. How Infinitely brighter the fu
ture when the creeent Is so sure the past ao
glorious. Everything great done by this coun
try In the last fifty years has been done under
the auspices of the Republican party. la not
this consciousness a great asset to have in
your mind and memory T As a mere item of
personal comfort is It not worth having? Un
coln and Grant, Hayes and Garfield, Harrison
end McKinley — names secure In the heaven of
fame — they all are gone, leaving small estates
In worldly goods, but what vast possessions
in ' principles, memories, sacred associations!
It Is a etart In life to share that wealth. .Who
now boasts that he oppos-d Lincoln? who
brags of his voting against Grant? though
both acts may have been from the best of
motives.
THE PARTY THAT DOES THINGS.
In our form of government ther.e must be
two parties, and tradition, circumstances, tem
perament, will always create a sufficient oppo
sition. But what young man would not rather
belong to the party that does thlnrs. Instead
of one that opposes them; to the party that
looks up, rather than down; to the narty of
the dawn, rather than of the suns«t? For fifty
years the Republican party has believed In.
the country ar.d labored for it in hope and joy;
It has revenged the flag and followed it; has
carried it under strange vkles and planted it
on (ar-recedlng horizons. It has seen the na
tion grow greater every year and more re
spected; by Just dealing, by intelligent labor,
by a genius for enterprise, it has seen the
country extend its intercourse and its Influence
to regions unknown to our fathers. Tet it has
never abated one Jot or tittle- of the ancient
law lmDOsed on us by our God-fearlnjr ances
tors. JVe have fought a good fight, but also
we bsrve kept the faith. The constitution of
cur fathers has befn the' light to our feet; our
path Is. and will ever remain, that of ordered
progress, of liberty under the law. The coun
try has vastly Increased^ but the great-brained
statesmen who preceded us provided for infinite
growth. The discoveries of science have made
miraculous additions to our knowledge. But
we are not daunted by progress; we are not
afraid of the light. The fabric our fathers
builded on such sure foundations will stand
all shocks of fate or fortune. There will ai
ways be a proud pleasure In looking back on
the history they made; but. guided by their
example, the cominB generation has the right
to anticipate work not less Important, days
equally memorable to mankind. We who are
passing oft the stage bid you, as the children
of Israel encamping by the sea were bidden,
to to forward; we whose hands can ao longer
hold the flaming torch pass it on to you that
its clear light may show the truth to the ages
that are to come.
SENATOR FAIRBANKS SPEAKS.
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana was the
But there has b«en more noise made over
his suddenness on the Isthmus of Panama than
elsewhere. It la difficult to treat this charge
•with seriousness. The President had made a
treaty with Colombia at her own, soliciation,
¦which was Infinitely to her advantage, to in
augurate an enterprise which was to be for
the benefit of the world. He waited with end
lass patience* while Bogota delayed and trifled
vrlth the matter, and finally rejected It, and
suggested new negotiations for a larger sum.
Panama, outraged by this climax of the wrongs
8ho had already suffered, declared and estab
lished her independence. The President, follow
ing an unbroken line of precedents, entered Into
relations with the new republic, and. • obeying
his duty to protect the transit of the Isthmus
as all other Presidents had done before him,
gave orders that there should be no bloodshed
on the line of the railway. He said, like
Grant "Let us tiave peace," and we had It.
It will seem Incredible to posterity that any
American could have objected to this. He
acted wisely and benffloently, and all som«
people can find to criticize In his action Is that
he wa* too brisk about It. If a thing is right
and proper to do. it docs not make It criminal
to do it promptly. J>o, gentlemen! That was
a time when the hour and the man arrived,
together. He struck while the iron was white
hot on the anvil of opportunity and forged as
perfect a bit of honest statecraft as this gen
eration has seen.
'MERGER SUITS.
And as to the merger suits, now that people
have come to their senses they see that his ac
tion in that case was as regular aa the equi
nox. He was Informed through legal channels
that a statute had been violated. He did not
make the statute, but be was bound by his
oath to execute it. He brought the proceed
ing which It was his duty to bring. The
courts, Irora the lowest to the highest, eus
talned his action. He did what It would have
lx>en a high mlsdemesnor not to have done.
The Iaw9 in this country are made to be
obeyed, whether it is safe or not. It Is al
ways unsafe to disobey them.
Such a man Is our President and our candi
date. He Is prompt and energetic, but he
takes Infinite tains to set at the facts before
he acts. In all the crises In which he, has been
accused of undue haste, his action has been the
result of long meditation and well-reasoned
conviction. If he thinks rapidly. . that 1« no
fault; he thinks thoroughly, and that la the
p«sentlal. When he- made peace between the
miners and operators. It was no sudden caprice
but the fruit of serious reflection, and this
act of mingled philanthropy and common erase
was Junlfled by a great practical result. When
he proclaimed anew the Monroe doctrine in
the Venezuela case his action was followed by
the most exDliclt acceptance of that saving
policy which has ever come to us from over
seas. He acted vfry swiitly. It is true, in
Mississippi, when the best citizens of a town
threatened the life of a postmistress for no
fault but her- color. He simply Bold. "Very
well, gentlemen : you may get your letter,
somewhere pise for a while."
SOCIALIST LiABOR PARTY
MAKES ITS NO3ICVATIOXS
Choses Charles H. Coredon for Presi
dent and William Cox as His
Running: Mate.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Charles H.
Coredon of New York and William
Cox of Illinois were chosen as candi
dates for President and Vice Presi
dent respectively by the national con
vention of the Socialist Labor party in
session here to-day. There was very
little discussion over the selection of
candidates.
— i —
Democratic Campaign Managers
Chosen by the Various States.
ST. LOUIS, July 6. — Following is
the new Democratic National Commit
tee, as far as chosen, there being con
tests in several of the States and the
delegations of others not having
agreed upon members:
Arkansas — William H. Martin.
California — M. F. Tarpey.
Colorado — John I. Mullins.
Connecticut — Somers S. Cummlngs.
Delaware — Richard R. Kenney.
. Florida — Jefferson B. Browne.
Georgia — Clark HowelL
Illinois— Roger C. Sullivan.
Idaho — Simon P. Donnelly.
Indiana — Thomas Taggart.
Iowa — Charles A. Walsh.
Kansas — John H. Atwood.
Kentucky — Urey Woodson.
Louisiana — N. C. Blanchard.
Maryland — L. Victor Baughman. *
Massachusetts — William A. Stone.
Michigan — Daniel J. Campau.
Minnesota — I. T. Hudson. .
Mississippi — C. H. Williams. .
Missouri — William A. RothwelL
Montana — C. W. Hoffman..
Nebraska — James Dahlman.
Nevada — John H. Dennis.
New Hampshire — T. L. Norris.
New Jersey — William B. Gourley.
New York — Norman E. Mack.
North Carolina — Josephus Daniels.
North Dakota — H. D. Allert.
Ohio-— John R. McLean.
Pennsylvania — James M. Guffey.
Rhode Island — George M. Green.
South Carolina — B. R. Tillman.
South Dakota — E. S. Johnson-
Tennessee — R. Mount Castle.
Texas — R. M. Johnston.
Utah — D. H. Peery.
Vermont — B. B. Smalley.
West Virginia — John T. McGraw.
Wisconsin — H. E. Ryan.
Wyoming — John E. Osborne.
District of Columbia — James L.
Norris.
Indian Territory — R. L. Williams.
Arizona — B. M. Crawford.
New Mexico — H. B. Ferguson.
Oklahoma — R. A. Billup.
Alaska — Arthur E. Dadany.
Hawaii — Palmer P. Woods.
NATIONAL COMMITTEE.
tional Committeeman Peery to-day
stating that a compromise plank had
been agreed upon which would not be
offensive to Mormons.
-In view of the approaching primary
election to be held on August 9 and the
Presidential election on November 8, It
was thought that the first day of the
precinct registration would bring out a
large number of citizens who had failed
to register, but returns received by the
Registrar of "Voters from 282 out of 320
precincts show that but 2878 voters
: availed themselves of the privilege. As
the registration averaged about ten
votes to a precinct the returns for yes
terday will exceed 3000 when all reports
have been received. The precinct regis
tration for the first day in 1902 was
6165. -
Two years ago 21,573 voters were reg- j
istered before the precinct registration !
and this year 39,166 had been entered
on the register up to Tuesday night. It j
Is anticipated by the Election Commls- j
slon that the registration this year will j
exceed 83,000, With yesterday's regis
tration about one-half of the voters of j
the city have complied with the law re
quiring them to register this year re- !
gardless of any previous registration. ;
Following Is the registration yesterday
by Assembly districts:
Twenty-eighth, 170; Twenty-ninth,
215; Thirtieth. 171; Thirty-first, 183;
Thirty-second, 244; Thirty-third, 164;
Thirty-fourth, 117; Thirty-fifth, 192;
Thirty-sixth, 142; Thirty-seventh, 171;
Thirty-eighth. 150; Thirty-ninth, 144;
Fortieth, 93; Forty-first, 88; Forty-sec
ond, 117; Forty-third, 111; Forty- fourth,
216; Forty-fifth, 190.
This is the last day of the precinct
registration. Those voters who desire
to get their names on the\ voting lists
without the trouble of a trip to the
City Hall will do well to note this and
on leaving home for business go rotind
the corner to the precinct registration
office and have themselves legally en
rolled. The full list of the 320 regis
tration places was printed in Tuesday
morning's Call. The registration for
the primaries will continue at the Reg
istrar's office in the City Hall up to
and including July 20.-
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION NEWS.
The contest for United States Senator
to succeed Thomas R. Bard is to be
enlivened by the Introduction of a nev»
candidate in the person of George A.
Knight of San Francisco. It is com
mon gossip in political circles that
State Senators W. C. Ralston of Cala
veras and Frank W, Leavltt of Ala
rneda are r/tady to give Knight their
earnest support. It is expected that
Thomas H. Selvage of Humboldt, who
Is slated for another term in the upper
house of the State Legislature, will
Join the Knight forces.-
Reports are coming from the south to
the effect that Bard Is making con
siderable progress as a candidate for
re-election. . The belief is entertained
by several of the northern statesmen
that Oxnard cannot cope with Bard,
hence the agitation In favor of Knight.
When the suggestion of entering the
contest was presented to Knight he
remarked that he 'would not allow his
name to go before the Legislature if
his candidacy was not entirely accept
able to the senior United States Sen
ator, George C. Perkins. It was pos
itively stated yesterday by a State
Senator from the Interior that Perkins
would not interpose the slightest ob
stacle to Knight's candidacy.
"The Republican party Is the great
est union labor party that was ever
known to man. America wants and
welcomes all law-abiding citizens who
love and honor the Stars and Stripes
to take shelter beneath its glorious
folds. Let us labor to the end' that the
great Union, assisted by the Republican
party,*shall Increase and continue to
glorify the grandeur of Its ideas and
its purposes."
"The Democratic party Is like a
snake. It sheds its skin and keeps its
fangs. Bryan Is a snare drum. The
Republicans are united. They cannot
afford to take a backward step. "We
are now a nation of 80,000,000 people
and where on the face of this earth
are a people so well clothed, so well
fed and so free as we are?
. "When you come to the Socialist, all
I have to say about those who stand
on the streets and talk is they simply
give out wind puddings instead of
work.
Knight Speaks as Citizen of California
for Good of State.
George A. Knight, as he stepped up
to the rostrum, was received with a
thunderous ovation. He said in part:
" 'Mid pleasures and palaces though
we may roam.
Be it ever so humble, there is no place
like home.
"I speak to you not as a representa
tive of the Republican party, but as a
citizen of California; a citizen who
speaks in behalf of the best interests
and for the greatest welfare of this
State. This State has won high honors
abroad for its strong principles, and
we want to stand for those same high
principles now.
"I left honored when I was sent to
confer with the nation's leaders, and I
want t« express my gratitude to the
press for the kindness and considera
tion it has ever shown to me. "^
"California has been well treated
abroad and she has always treated
those from abroad well when they have
come within the limits of her bound
aries. California is proud of her posi
tion in the Union and she has cause
to be. May that pride still keep her to
the front and may she still adhere to
those principles . of the Republican
party that have made' her what she is.
"At the great Republican convention
held in the Coliseum in Chicago di
rectly over the speaker's desk was a
great painting twelve feet high by ten
feet wide. It was a portrait of Senator
Mark Hanna. (Great applause.) All
factions of the Republican party ac
cepted it. You all know the great
spirit of unanimity that prevailed at
that convention when the representa
tives of this nation nominated Theodore
Roosevelt as the leader of the party
that shall still continue to protect the
interests of the country In the future
as it has done In the past.
"Rooevolt was nominated a year be
fore the convention met. Roosevelt is
no false quantity. He is a fearless,
bold, aggressive, strong, American. He
does not care a tinker's damn for a dem
agogue. He has always kept the
pledges framed for this country by the
late lamented McKinley.
"The spectacle at St. Louis, at the
present time is a lamentable one. J. S.
"Williams is fighting for a lost cause.
His great burst of spleen there was an
attempt to cut Root's speech Into rib
bons. Root Is only a soldier In the
ranks. 1 ' He is surely the victim of an
assault. Williams Is throwing spit
balls at the Republican party. His
views are the kind that murdered
Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln fell, but his
Ideas and principles only arose re
splendent with glory. The lame Ideas
are those that shot Garfield and mur
dered the great McKinley— McKlnley
from whose death came a study of life
and honor that ' will live triumphant
forever.
RECEIVES GRAND OVATION.
Those Who Do Not Want a
Trip to the City, Hall
Must Bestir Themselves
Anti-Bard Men Urging Can
didacy Because Oxnard Is
Thought to Lack Strength
mJCH SUPPORT PLEDGED
TO-DAY FINAL CHANGE
great coal strike of a coupls of years
ago.
"The Chinese exclusion law has be«n
re-enacted within the last threa year*
and made more effective and exclusiva
than ever before, and gradually this
menace to our California labor and our
California homes Is being obliterated."
Concluding, the speaker said:
"Fellow citizens of Sacramento, the
republic is prosperous. The republlo
is rich. The republic is powerful
among the mighty nations of the earth.
Peace prevails at home and abroad.
Seven millions of men find work and
wages in our industrial enterprises.
Our financial system has Increased the
circulation of money to thirty-one dol
lars for every man, woman and child
hceaea. It built tie Pacific railroad, which
has bound the Union together from east to
west by bands of su»el and. made the States
b*ycsd the mountains among our most loyal
and proeperous common wealths. It redeemed
our p*j>er currency a.id made all our forma of
taocey of exactly *Qual value, and our credit
the best In the world. By persistent honesty
In our finances— in the fac* of obstacle* which
telght have daunted the hardiest atatesmen —
It has reduced our interest charges bo that In
asy mart on earth we a&a borrow money
cheaper than any ether people. In the finan
cial revulsions to which all communities are
Fcbject, w« are able, thanks 10 our laws and
eur administrative system, to me*t and pass
the mest violent crisis without. lasUng damage
to our prosperity. We have, by the patient
labor cf yeara, «o succeeded In reforming and
rerulaUag our civil service that patronage has
almost ceased to cast its deadly blight upon
tte work of our rubllc servants. Human na
ture !s weak and offenses happen; but they
ar* almost aiways found out dnd are punished
without mercy when detected. By persistent
adherence to the policy of promotion, we- have
given to our Industries a development which
the fathers cf the republic never dreamed of;
which. Decides supplying our borne market.
has carried our manufactures to the uttermost
ends cf the earth.
His-.cry afford* no parallel to the vast ana
lncrea-slig prosperity which this country has
enjoyed under R^iHibllcan rule. I hasten to
Bay we to net claim t» have torented *eed
tlsie und harvest, and Industry and thrift.
W« axe a great people and success Is our ricnt;
GmJ is good to those who behave themselves.
But we ir.ay Justly claim that the Republican
ra-ty kas been ln oower during these years
rt marvelous growth, and" we can at l«"t
bring proof that we have not prevei^ed it— and
this !• no slight hoacr for a party to claim.
PREDOMINANT PACIFIC POWER,
I will r.pt at this moment speak of the lm
rortaat acculsitlone of territory w« have, made,
which render us in inany ways the predoml
rant Dower In the Pacific. But out of the
territory we already poeees»ed, fourteen new
Utate* have entered the Union. The census
of lbSO gave us 23.000,000 of population — the
last cae. 76.000 000. The number of our farms
— the total of bur cultivated acreage — ha* ln
rreaa'd fourfold. Our corn crcD Is five times
¦uhat it was: our wheat crop, elx times. Th»
<apital Invested In manufacturing has grown
fruni five hundred millions to ten billions;
' where It employed lees than a million artisans,
it new T..: ..ye more than five millions; and
while the number of worklngmeo. has In
creased flve tim**, their wages have Increased
tenfold. The value of manufactured property
:f thirteen times what it was when the Re
publicans of Michigan met under the oaks.
The real and personal wealth of the country
ha* grown In this amazing half century from
•even thousand milllcr? to ninety-four thou
»>tr.d jr.liMcns. Our railroads have grown from
a mileage of 10.000 to one of 300.000. Our
imports and exports have gone up by leaps
and bound* to the same monstrous proportions.
And finally, let u» hasten to say, as the other
f.de will tay It for us. Instead of the $47,000.
i^hj which supplied our modest neods in IKK) we
row collect and epend some JTOO.OOO.ftOO annu
ally. I can only add what Speaker Reed re
jlied to a Democratic matewnan who com
j-".a;r.»4 of a billion-dollar Congress: "Well I
this Is a billion -dollar country-
Of course our orrvnents, who. have got far
enough from the men and the events of the
great war s>erir>d to admit they were not with
out ir.-rit will say — for they must *ay eotne
thir.p—that we have fallen away from that
high level. Now. I am grieved to confess that
I ani old enough to have swn something cf
the beginning-, a* well as of the Drt-sent, of
TJe?>uh!ican administrations, and I venture to
eay that no eight year* of government in our
history have l*en i>urer from blame or have
oonfTred rr^atcr benefit* upon the country
than the eight years of McKlnley and Roose
velt which tlaim yr«ur approval to-day. 1 need
jiot hesitate to refer to it. although I have
t.*rn at^sor-ia-tf-d wi:h both administrations; so
little cf their merit is mine that I may speak
cf thtzn without false modesty.
ERA OF PROSPERITY.
Our rational finances have never la our his
tory been eo wisely acd successfully adminls- i
tered; our credit never stood en a basis so
Ifroad asd so Ftrong. Our '2 per cents com
ir.atd a premium in all markets — no other
country on earth can Fay us much. We paid
abroad the other day $5<>.000,000 of gold in a
Finsle transaction without producing a ripple
in exchange. The vast expenditure made i.<-e
eM>ary by our enormous increase in every ele
xner.t of national growth Is collected with the
utmost ease and exi>ended with perfect hon
*-siy. Our protective system, loyally and in
telligently carried out and improved tn the
last seven years, not only fills our Treasury
¦with the means of national expenditure, but
liiLS carried our industries and our commeroe
to a height of prosperity which la the wonder
and envy of our neighbors. »Bo are trying to
flMllft our progrees. In the .relations be
tween latior and capital, always a subject, of
deep concern in Democratic governments, 'we
have irr.r>reved both in the letter and the
e;>:rit. How could it be otherwise when labor
kn-wf that McKlnley and Roosevelt have
v.auh»-d over its interests as a brother might,
and capital know* that its rights will be sa
credly guarded eo lone as It is true, to Its
<iutie»? As to our place in the world. It has
elzrply followed and naturally complemented
the steady Improvement In our domestic con
<Iiticn. A cour.tr>' growing eo faet must have
*lbow room — must have its share of the sun
shine. In the last seven years, without ag
rression. without undue self-assertion. we
have taJcen the place that belonged to us. Ad
hering Tilth religious care to the precepts of
ar.d th» traditions of a century.
fcnd avoiding all entangling alliances, profess-
Ing friendship to all nations and partiality to
rone, McKlnley and Roosevelt had gone stead
liy forward protecting ar.4 extending American
it.terert* everywhere and raining, by deserv-
Ir.c it. the rood will of all the world. Their
advice ha* b< r n rur.star.tly ernight and eper-
Jr.ply given. Py constant Iteration their pol
icy ha* Jieen made r-tefn. We do not covet tne
territory nor th»» control of any other people.
We hold «urrelve5 absolutely apart from any
«~«imb! nations cr croup* cf powers. We favor
r. > national interests but our own.
TmiUTOIUAL ACQUISITIONS.
In controversies ajiiong our neighboro wr
take no part, not even tendering good offlcej
\jnltti at the request of both parties concerned.
V hen «ur advice Is piven. it is always on the
ude of jieace and conciliation. We have made.
It is true, rreat aoquiJitions. but never of «-et
jurr^te nor from greod of land. In the case
of Hawaii, the will of the people of those 1*1
«ns coincided with the important interests w«
J;ave to guard in the Pacific. In the iSamoan
lie&ty v.e I reed ourselves from a useless and
dancerous entanglement, and in place of an
tr.dr firable condominium we sained possession
<r the b**t harbor in th* South Seae, retaining.
«it th« tsamtr tln;e. all our commercial right*
in the arvhi)>el«iKO. The diplomacy of McKln
ley end Rroseveit has br*en directed principally
ti our present. and future interests In the Pa
cific, on whose wide shores so' much of the
world's work is u> be done. They have con
f-tantly kept in view the vast Importance of
that opening field of our activities. The long
negotiations for the "open door" In China; the
rteadfast fight we made for the Integrity of
that ancient empire: President McKinley's at- !
tituo> throughout the Boxer troubles* so se- '
verely criticized at the time and so splendidly
• pproved by the remit; the position President
Boosevelt has ilr.ee held and now holds In re
tard to the neutrality of China la the present
mar — have all been dictated by one consistent
policy, ef taking care that our Interests re
<-»tve no detriment In the Pacific; that while
•we wish no harm to any one else, we shall see
that no damage is dose to our peopl?, no door
U shut in our face.
The negotiations begun by McKlnley and
successfully completed by Roosevelt for the
cbrogatlon of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
•wtich Impeded our freedom of action In build
ing an Ssttre'.an canal, was a part of the same
general plan of opening a field of enterprise
In those distant rerlons where the Far West
r>ecoise< the Far East. In this matter we
met In the moet frank and friendly spirit
ry the Britlch Government, as also tn the
natter of the Alaskan boundary, which was
«*tt!eij for all time by a high judicial tribunal
removing a cloud upon our title to another
rreat Pacific possession.
PANA3IA CANAL TREATY.
And to clot* this record of success — mo- !
notonous because gained by appeals to reason '
rather than force, without parade or rr.elo- !
drama — came the treaty with Panama, by
t. hich we finally gained the pathway across
the isthmus by a perpetual grant. Insuring the
construction of an American canal under
American control, built primarily for Amer
ican needs, but open on equal terms to all ,
the p*op'-« of good will the world over.
All the foreign policy of McKlnley and
Koosevelt has been marked with the same
ttamp of honesty ana fair dealing, confessedly
lr. American Interests, but treating our friends
¦with equity and consideration. They have
made more treaties than any two preceding
rreslflents; and the conclusion of the whole
matter U that we stand to-day In Independent
though amicable relations to all the rest of
the world — without an ally and without an
enemy.
If th* Government for the last seren years
':¦¦¦! done nothing- else It would have entitled
it«elf to as honorable' place in history by the
xr.ar.ner In which It has handled the questions
c; the Islands whose destiny has been so in
terwoven with our own. The war with Spain
carried through with Incredible swiftness
end energy, without a shadow of corruption,
xvlthout a moral or a technical fault. A
hundred days sufficed for the fighting. Diplo
macy then did Its work, and our commis
sioners brought borne a treaty so Just and so
t»eneflclal that It was Impossible to unite the
opposition against It. Then came the far
xnor« £lffictxlt and delicate task of aflmtslstnu
t'.on. Ton remember the doleful prophecies of
?¦v.l with which tie air was filled: that w«
fc*4 cot the tablt Bor tfe* ability to cavern
with remarks complimentary to the
ladles and naturally got a big volley
of applause at the outset. He referred
to Old Dolly Adams, who, at an after
noon tea party with patriotic dames,
resolved that they would wear home
spuns and that they would make them
themselves. This ¦• was a oue for the
Republican party. It showed them that
the women of the country were with
them, and that was a big indorsement
of the Issues at stake.
within our borders and th« disturb
ances between labor and capital are
being adjusted by the Intelligence of
both aides. What patriotic citizen
would change all this? Let us abandon
our politics and take our stand on the
broad plane of patriotism, for we can
not change and crow better.
"The only effect of change would be
disturbance and retrogression, but a
continuance of the present policy and
present leaders means advancement,
new glories and mightier concjuests.
And the myriad voices of the whirling
wheels, the smoking chimneys and ths
glowing fires scattered over all our
States and Territories, our dependen
cies and our islands of the sea even
now proclaim the continuance of Re
publican policy and the triumphal elec
tion of Roosevelt and Fairbanks."
outlying possessions; that th* Island* would
be cesspools of jobbery and fraud; that the
enterprise was conceived In violence and would
go out In disaster. And now you know the
result.
REPUBLICS FAITHFUL- SERVANTS
The republic never Is In default of men to
•erre It worthily when the chief of the state
Is honest and able; when he has the eye and
tht will to choose the best men and will be
satisfied with no lees. So In Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines we cot the best we
had. Wood. Allen and Hunt and Taft have
each In his place wrought a great work and
gained a righteous fame. Cuba and Porto
1 Rico are free and enjoying — the one under her
own banner, the other under the Stars and
Stripes — a degree of prosperity and happiness
never known before In all their troubled story.
As to the Philippines, the work done there
by Judge Taft and his associates will rank
among the highest achievements of colonial
administration recorded In history. Never
since their discovery has there been such
general peace and order; so thorough a pro
tection of the peaceable and restraint of evil
doers; so wide a diffusion of education; so
complete a guaranty to industry of the fruit
of Its labors. , -And when they see this energetic
and efficient 'government carried on, free from
tb* venality and bribery which formerly
seemed to them a necessity of existence, then.
Indeed, they are like them that dream. The
principal evil from which they still suffer
hs* its origin here. Some . well-meaning peo
ple — and others not so well meaning — are con
stantly persuading them that they are op
pressed and that they will be given their
liberty, as they choose to call It, as soon as
the Republican party is overthrown in this
country. These are the true enemies of the
Filipinos and not the men who are striving
with whole-hearted energy and with consum
mate success to ameliorate their condition and
to make them fit for self-government and all
its attendant advantages. The so-called anti
lmperlallsts confound in their daily speeches
and writings two absolutely unrelated Ideas —
the liberty, the civil rights, the self-govern
ment which we have given the Filipinos and
the Independence which the best of them do
not want and know they are unable to main
tain. To abandon them now, to cast them
adrift at the mercy of accident, would be an
act of cowardice and treachery which would
gala us the scorn and reproach of civilization.
PATRIOTIC DEMOCRATS.
Our opponents sometimes say we have no
right to claim the credit of the great deeds of
the last half century — that we could not have
accomplished them without the aid of Demo
crat*. Nothing truer was ever said; and it is
oa* of the chief glories of our annals and It
forms the eurest foundation of our hopes for
the future. The principles upon* which our
party Is built are eo sound, they have so Irre
sistible an attraction to patriotic and fair
minded men, thit whenever a time of crisis
comes when the national welfare is clearly at
stake, when vo'.ers must decide whether they
shall follow their prejudices or their con
scl?nces, we draw from other parties their best
men by thousand*.
Bright among the brightest cf those who
founded our party shine the names of Demo
crats; and when the war came on. the picked
men of that party rallied to the colors. Doug
las, shortly before he died, declared his unfal
tering support of Uncoln. The sun would go
down before I could rame the Democrats who
fought like heroes for the country. Grant,
Sherman, Sheridan, Dix. Sickles, Logan — In
dhort. an innumerable host. Democrats all,
rushed Into the field and thereafter fought and
worked with the Republicans while life lasJvd.
And that vast majority of Lincoln's in 1S64
would have been impossible had not myriads
of Democrats, casting their Hie-long associa
tions to th» winds, listened to the Inward
monitor which paid. "Choose ye this day
when ye will serve." As it was then, so It
has been in after years. When the attempt
was made to repudiate, in whole or In part,
the national debt; or to abolish the 6ystem of
protection to American Industries, founded by
Washington and Hamilton and approved by
the experience of a hundred years; or to de
grade our currency at the demand of mere Ig
norance and greed — in all these cases we saw
the proof of the homely adage that you may
lead a horse to the water but may not make
him drink. In spite of organizations and plat
forms, in spite of the frantic adjurations cf
gifted orators, hosts of patriotic Democrats
walked quietly to the polls and voted as their
conscience* dictated, in the Interests of the
public welfare rather than of a party.
GOOD MEN IX ALL/ PARTIES.
Eren in so lofty and restricted an arena as
our Senate we have seen the ablest and most
adroit organizer of his. party fall in the most
energetic effort of his life to Induce his party
to reject a great national benefit because it
was offered by Republican hands. Half the
Democratic Senators said this was no question
for pettifogging politics and voted for an
American canal across the isthmus.
Vv'e are not claiming that we monopolize
the virtue or the patriotism of the country-
There are good men In all parties. I know
far better men than I am who are Democrats.
But we are surely allowed. In a love feaet
like this to talk of what has been done In the
family and at least to brag a little of the
Democrats who have helped us. "We get their
votes for one reason only — because we started
right and in the main have kept right. We
Invite accessions from the ranks of cur patri
otic opponents and we shall get them In the
future as we have In the past, whenever w«
deserve them. We ehall get them this year,
because this year we do desrrve them. We
come before the country In a position which
cannot be successfully attacked In front, or
flank, or rear. What we have done, what we
are doing and what we Intend to do— on all
three we confidently challenge the verdict of
the American people. The record of fifty
year* will show whether as a party we are fit
to govern; the etate of our domestic and for
eign affairs will show whether as a party we
have fallen off; add both together will show
whether we can be trusted for a while longer.
Our plattorm is before the country. Perhaps
it is lacking in novelty. There is certainly
nothing sensational about It. It is substan
tially the platform on which we won two great
victories in the name of McKlnley, and it la
etlll found and serviceable. Its principles
have been tested by eight years of splendid
succeFs and have received the approval of the
country- It i> in line with all our platforms
of the past, except where prophecy and promise
in those days have become history in these.
We ptar.d by the ancient ways which hava
proved cood. .
ILLOGICAL ADVERSARIES.
It would take a wizard to guess what a
dainty dish our adversaries will set before the
sovereign people to-morrow. Their State conven
tions ba\> given them a rich variety to choose
from. As to money, they range all the way
from Bedlam to Belmont; a» to tariff, the one
wing in Maryland is almost cane, the other
wants raving free trade and dynamite for
the custom-houses. When they discuss our
island ooesessions, some want to scuttle away
and abandon them out of hand; other agree
with that sensible Southerner who said:
"What's the use of talking about expansion T
Great Scott', we've done expanded:" One thing
Is reasonably sure: They will get as near to
our platform as they possibly can, and they
will by Implication approve everything Mo-
Klnley and Roosevelt have done In the last
four years. They will favor sound finance and
a tariff which will not disturb business; rigid
honesty In administration and prompt punish
ment of the dishonest; the Monroe doctrine
and an Isthmian canal. To be logical they
ought to go on and nominate the Republican
candidates, who are pledged to all these laud
able policies.
But they will not be logical. They do not
care to oppose our policy; they merely deny
our sincerity In avowing It. They cannot
deny the soundness of our principles; they
pretend themselves to hold them. But the
function of an opposition Is to oppose, and
as they are otherwise destitute of wi lesue they
seek to make a few by attributing to us princi
ples we hava never dreamed of holding and
policies which are abhorrent to us. And dis
trusting the effect of these maneuvers In ad
vance, they announce their plan of campaign
to be not pro-anythlng, but anti-Roosevelt.
This is- a mere counsel of desperation, and
the Republicans will gladly accept the Issue.
Even on this "narrow Issue they will dodge
most of the details. Ask them. Has the Pres
ident be«n a good citizen, a good soldier, a
I good man In all personal relations? Is he a
' man of intelligence, of education? Does he
know his country weil? Does he know the
world outside? Has be studied law, history
and politics? Has he had great chances
to learn and has he improved them? Is he
sound and strong In mind, body and soul? Is
he accessible and friendly to all sorts and
conditions of men? Has he the courage and the
candor and the God-given ability to speak to
the people and tell them what he thinks? To
all these questions they will answer, Tes.
Then what is your objection to him? They
will either stand speechless or they will answer
with the parrot cry which he have heard so
often: He Is unsafe!
THOSE WHO FEAR ROOSEVELT.
In a certain sense we shall have to admit
this to be true. To every grade of lawbreaker,
high or low; to a man who would rob a till
or a ballot box; to the sneak or the bully; to
the hypocrite and the humbug, Theodore Roose
velt is more than unsafe; he is positively dan
gerous.
But let us be serious with these good people.
What are the coefficients of safety In a chief
of state? He should have courage; the wisest
coward that ever lived Is not fit to rule. And
Intelligence; we want no blunder-headed hero
In the White House. And honesty: a clever
thief would do infinite mischief. These three
are the Indispensable*. With them a man is
all the more «afe If he has a sense of pro
portion, a sense of humor, a wide knowledge
of men and affairs; If he seeks good counsel;
and. finally. If he Is a patriot, If he loves
his country, believes In It. and seeks In all
things Its Interest and Its glory. Any man
may make mistakes; but such a man aa this
will mak* f e w. and no grave ohm. j
Prominent Attorney Will
Enter ' Contest to Secure
High Office of Senator
First Returns of Precincts
Show. .{Tardiness as Com
pared With Previous Year
Oontlrraed From Page 12, Column 6.
VOTERS SLOW
TO REGISTER
KNIGHT WANTS
TO WEAR TOGA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7,* 1901.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF REPUBLICANS
SENATOR FAIRBANKS TELLS
OE GLORIOUS ACHIEVEMENTS
PARTY HISTORY ELOQUENTLY
, REVIEWED AT SACRAMENTO
Continued From* Pace 11, Column 7.
Continued From Page 12, Column 7.
Continued From Page 4.
13Fourth racp. one mile — Huapala won. Henry
Clay Rye second, Uppercut third. Time. 1:41 V£.
Fifth race, seven furlones — Red Tip won,
Canejo second, Box Elder third. Time, 1:28.
•Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — L^ash
won, Ulowaho second, J. V, Kjrby third. Ttm«,
SEATTLE, July 6. — Results:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling
— Laura Phillips won, Caroburn ¦ second,
Ckorgie Black third. Time, :f>5%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Bell
Kted won, Dora X. second, Miss Provo third.
Time, 1:08%..
Third race, five furlongs — Algarotta won,
Black Cloud second, Amas-a third. Time. 1:01.
Racing at Seattle.
Kink Has Disappeared From Thiel
man's Arm and He. Does Well. '¦
PORTLAND. July 6.— In the duel of
pitchers this afternoon, in which
'Dolly' Gray and Jake Thielman were
the opponents, Portland's champion
did the hotter execution and the Loo I
Loo.s were shut out. The final score I
xnm 2 for Portland and 0 for Los An- I
ireles. Thielman is showing his old i
from. The kink in his arm has dis
appeared and the heavy batters of the
aggregation from the far south were
able to locate but four of his twisters.
Portland— V f *">* Angele»—V
AB.R. H. P. A. AB II H PA
Ka<5au.U 3 12 1 0 Toman,* 4 ' o' 1 l i
McCrd.rf » 0 0 1 liFlooa,2b. 4 0 113
l>rnan.cf 4 0 O :< . 0,gmi»h.»b 4 0 10 4
R»<k.1b.. 3 0 1 13 (» ! Bernrd,cf 3 0 0 2 0
Itymd.::h 3 0 10 2;Cravth.rf 2 0 0 10
<:«ntro.2b :: o 04 o!Chas*.it>. 3 o 0 is 0
>"ram?;«i,s ?. 0 O 1 2|Kr>!=ii,lf... 1 0 0 S o
Strlmn.c S 11 3 2,Fpies, C..8 0 13 0
Thelmn.p 2 .0 0 I R:Gray,p... 2 0 ""« 0 2
. Totals. 27 2 5 27 121 Totals. 20 0 4 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
iMrtland 1 0 0 O 0 0 0 1 - "x~ 2'
lias* hits 2 00. O 0 O 1-2 x— 5
l»a AnsHo* O .0-.^ -O • -O O O 0 0 — 0
Iia*e fclt« 1 O-O 10 1 0'1-0— t
SUMMARY.
PaertJW hits— Na<!eau, Thielman, Cravath.
firay. Errors— Chase, Gfay. ¦ Earned runs —
J'ortland 2. Stolen base — Raymond., Bospk on
tall*— O* TliiWman 3. Struck out— By Thlel-
J«i«n 2. by Gray 3. Two-fca*e hit — Tbman.
Left en ba^s— Portland 4.. Los Ar.Bclea S.
1 i:no of fjme — 1 hour and o0 minutes. Um
rirt — XiiowB.
LOS ANGELES SHUT OUT.
The Americans Will Meet Represen- j
tatives of Oxford and Cambridge
on Queen's Club Grounds.
NEW YORK, July '$.— Harvard
"Rah3" and the Yale "Frog Chorus"
mingled in friendly unison this morn
ing on the White Star dock when the
Teutonic bore away the party of col
lege athletes who are to meet the
brawn and muscle of England's big
universities in track and field contests
between'Yale and Harvard on one hand
and Oxford and' Cambridge on the
other. This will take place on the 23d
inst., at Queen's Club, London.
* The Harvard team members are D.
M. Ayres, broad Jump; F. M. Bird,
hurdler; W. A. Colwell, two-mile run;
E. J-..'. Dives,- 440' yards; Archie King,
two miles; F. M., Murphy, high Jump;
W. A. Schick Jr., 100 yards, and H. B.
Young, half-mile. Payson Dana, who
is accompanied by his mother, Mrs. F.
W. Dana, is the manager of the team.
S. Gannott Wells . goes along as gradu
ate adviser and H. Robinson and R.
May accompany/ the team to "root". for
Harvard. ,J. Graham, the Harvard
trainer, .sailed with the team. .
"Representing Yale are: F. L. Olcott,
one-mile run; E. J. Clapp,, hurdler;
Charles Hill,. one mile; R. C. Long,, 440.
yards; C. R. Olcott, one mile; E. P.
Parsons, ten miles; L. F. Sheffield.
broad Jump; D. J. Torrey, 100 yards; G.
1 F. Vieotor, high Jump, and E. T. Glass,
| hammer, and. shot. . George E. Parks Is
manager. Mike Murphy, the Yale
i trainer, accompanies the team. ,
HARVARD AND YALE SEND
STAR ATHLETES TO ENGLAND
Second Race-^— Sad Sain, The
Mighty, Grand.
•Third Race— Gregor K, Miss Craw
ford, Clifton Forge.
Fourth Race — Fonsoluca, Birch
Broom, Foncasta.
Fifth Race — Ivan the Terrible,
Flaxman, Gold Enamel.
Sixth Race — Schoolmate, Black
Wolf. Harrison. v-V
HARLE5I SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race— Francis Dillon, Gwen,
Louise MacFnrlan.
Craft -Which Will Represent America
in English Waters Set on Fire
by Explosion.
NE\v* YORK, July 6.— Presence of
mind and quick action to-day saved the
auto-boat Challenger, one of the two
which are to represent the Automobile
Club of America in the race for the
Harmsworth Cup in England on the
SOth inst.
She was set ablaze by a small explo
sion and subsequent ignition of gasoline
after a successful qualifying run in
Bowery Bay. C. R. Mabley, one of her
owners, and Clinton H. Crane, her de
signer and machinist, sprang overboard
and endeavored to upset the craft.
The ferry-boat Bronx, which had been
swung from her course, came up at full
speed and her crew extinguished the
fire,' which did only about $75 damage.
The Challenger had Just gone over
her course, but how fast she had done
this is kept a secret.
AUTO-BOAT CHALLENGER
IN DANGER OF DESTRUCTION
As Justice of the Peace Van Xos
trand was going to his courtroom yes
terday he was witness to an alterca
tion between two Italians in the City
Hall corridors, and his prompt action
probably averted bloodshed. One of
the men punched the other in the
face and the* latter put his hand to
his hip pocket and was drawing a
weapon therefrom to use on his an
tagonist, when Van Nostrand cama
upon the scene.
He grabbed the arm of the man who
meant to do violence and sternly in
formed the two belligerents that he
would arrest them if they did not be
have themselves. The man who got
the first blow in said the other had
called him a vile name.
Van Nostrand ordered them to
move on. which they did, going in dif
ferent directions. The rumor soon
spread that a murderous assault had
been committed on Van Nostrand by
three men, and the Judge was kept
busy modestly explaining to inquiring
and anxious friends that he had mere
ly acted as peacemaker.
JUDGE VAN NOSTRAND
ACTS AS PEACEMAKER
Acpden's .Unknown Estate.
Robert J. Aspdan. brother of Georgro
H. Aspden, who ended his life so
tragically, yesterday petitioned for let
ters of administration upon Aspden's
estate, which. It was stated, was of un
known value, and no will was left.
The nearest relative Is Joseph A. Asp
den, the father.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race— Abelard, Corina, Dar
thula.
Second race — Miss Betty, Rcgina D,
Dr. Kler.
Third race— Braden, Red Leaf, Gar-'
rett Wilson.
Fourth race — Charlie Thompson,
Warte Nlcht, Flying Torpedo.
Fifth race— Zella Knight, Caithness,
Brooklyn.
Sixth race — Dave Somniers, Thane,
Marti us.
HARLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 6i — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem follow:
First race, four and a half furlongs, maidens
—La Sagette 115. Rainwltch 113, Gwen- 111,
North Enid 111, Good Manners 115, Calendula
10D, ARnea Virginia 111. Gertie. Allen 100.
Louise Mc^arlan 109, Francis Dillon 107. Ethel
Day 115. F.ffle M 113, Hattle Weihe 115, The
Lorelei 105. .
Second race, six furlongs, eelllng — Shipping
port 102, Atlantico 100. Watermelon 100, Dusky
93, Docile 93, Silent Water 93, Sad Sam 111.
Orfeo 101, GlendennlriJT 10*. My Gem J)8, Mabel
"W'inn 109, Jackfull 104, The Mighty. 106, Grand
102. Woods Perry 98,' Leila 103.
Third race seven furlongs— Clifton Forge 93.
Volney 93, Bragg 104. Fhil Finch 95. Hurzah
109. Miss Crawford 93, Gregor K 104.
Fourth race, one mile — Firing Line 104,
Birchbroom 102. Talpa 99. Long More 104,
Crestfallen 101, Foncasta 96, Fonsoluca 101,
1 Jake 102.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Jack
Lory 10S, Queen Esther 105, Flaxman 11.1,
Gold Enamel 110, Walsh 108, Investigation 108.
Ivan the Terrible 1C8.
Sixth race, one and three-eighths miles, sell
ing—Lady Chorister 100. Valeat 106, Lacy
Crawford 101, Harrison 107, Black Wolf 90,
Major Manslr 97. Sweet Tone 94/ Sprtngstead
100, Rosamond 105, Schoolmate 106.
Weather clear; track fast.
Proves Too Much for Uncle's Men.
Harris Signs Barber.
TACOMA. July 6.— Overall, the Cali
fornia collegian, proved too much to
day for San Francisco. He was hit
freely in the opening innings, the
visitors having a lead of three runs !
at the end of the fifth. Three of the '
runs were due to Charley Irwin's !
home run hit. As soon as Uncle's men j
teemed likely to win the Tigers put i
twice the life into their work and !
quickly undid Phil Knell. A two- |
Larger and Truck Egan's single in i
the sixth gave Tacoma its second run I
of the game. In the seventh, after j
Kogan had scored with an earned run, !
leaving the bases full and two men ''
out, Mike Lynch cleared the sacks j
with a fierce drive to the left field ]
lenc«=>, giving the Tigers a comfortable
lead. A two-bagger. Knell's low throw I
lo first and Doyle's long single gave \
Tacoma two mere runs in the eighth. I
Harris has signed Frank Barber, for
merly of Seattle. He will pitch to
morrow against St. Vrain. The score:
Tacoma— , San Krancisco—
AB. R. H. P.A.T A B R w p a
*><»¦}<¦«¦ !?»1 OWaldn.cf 5 2 2 2 0
f?helm,.;b 3 1 o 2 S HWteb.U 2 0 0 10
Norty.lb 4 2 4 11 llMeany rf 4 1 3 O 6
pgan.w 4 0 11 2:irwjn,3b 4 112 31
Lyn< h.<f. 4 >> l s o Andni.ss 4 <> o 3 2 i
MrLcn.If 4 1 3 «? «Twm<Cn>3 O 2 12 O
Uogan.c. :i 2 2 7 «>fi.,rTon c 4 it T -t i'
O«™i.p._2 _O _0 _O j; Knt-H.p . 4 0 0 0 4
Totals 33 S H 27 II Totals 34 ~4 ~9 24 12
P.LXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco... 1OO03000O— 4
£Ba«e hit* 2 j i i :{ 0 o o rZ rfi
Ta«.r.ia i% 0 0 o l 4 o t— s
Ease hits 22110242 x— 14
K^n k °?,*- By °*«»" 7 - & «"<-» 3 Error
Overall <2>. Hocan. Hildebrand « T Doub"^
j>la>>-Ir*-in to Townsend: Anderson to Miller
10 Townsrnd. Left on ba ses-Tacoma 6 San
rrancifr-o e. Time- of uam«-^)n^ hr»ir and 'nfty
fiv^ minutes. Umpire* — McCarthy and Mc-
O\ L1ULL CONTINUES TO WIN*
Manager Brlggs and Secretary
Fletcher of the California State Board
of Trade went to Grass Valley yester
day to attend the dinner to be given
by the Nevada County Sportsmen's
Club and also to interview the Super
visors of Nevada County in regard to
sending fresh fruit to the St. Louis
Exposition from now until the close
of the big show through the State
Board of Trade; also to speak general
ly about the work of the State Board
of Trade. The Sportsmen's Club has a
meeting of two days, on the first of
which the shooters are in the field se
curing wild game to be served at the
repast on the second day, to which a
number of well known people are in
vited. Messrs. Briggs and Fletcher
will stay until the end of the pro
ceedings, the opportunity being good
to come in contact with a large num
ber of the leading men of Nevada
County.
Briggs and Fletcher Seize Favorable
Time to Meet Lending Men of
Nevada County.
GO FOR A CONFERENCE
AXD SPORTSMEN'S DIXNER
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 6. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair grounds
follow-
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing — Picture Hat 107. Abelard 102, Darthula
102, Covlna 100. Fruit 97.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards.
s»lllnz— Dr. Kler 108, Uranium 103. Lady
Matchless 103, Rolling Boer 102. Blrchwood
102, George Vivian 07. Miss Betty 90,
Smith 00. Grief 90, Reglna D 85. '
Third race, five furlongs — Braden 108, Lucky
Charm 108, Garrett Wilson 1OS, Drage Kid
JOS. Caubeen 108, Colonel Preston 109, Este
platz 108, Madras 1C5, Verandah 105, Red Leaf
105.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Warte Nlcht 106, Jack Young 106, Flying Tor
pedo 105, Charlie Thompson 105.
Fifth race, one and a fourth miles, selling —
Memphlan 1C5, Billy Moore 104, Miss Eon 102,
Jim Winn 09, Zella Knight 97, Maud Wallace
07, Caithness 97, South Breeze 07, Goo Goo 95,
Brooklyn 92.
Sixth race, six furlongs, falling — Thane 110.
Fenian 106, Echo Dale 105, Dave Sommera
104, Joe Goss 104, Goody Two Shoes 103
Lovable 100. Mattie H 09. J. Wonew 01,
Worthlngton 102. Radium S!>, Martlgnis 103.
Weather threatening; track heavy.
The Veteran Pitcher of the Bean-
Eaters Shots Out the Washing
ton Americans.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New Tork. ..49 17 .712 Boston 43 22 .»J5d
Chicago 38 25 .««>; N>w York.. .40 23 .«H5
Cincinnati ..35 2S .55K Chicago 39 2.H .5*2
Plttsburg: ...35 2» .047 (Cleveland ...3«t 27 .571
St. Louis 34 3>> ..V.I I Philadelphia. 32 31 .5'»S
Brooklyn ...23 41 .414 St. Louis 27 S3 .4.V>
Boston 28 42 -S><2, Detroit 27 35 .435
Philadelphia 16 4H .25oj V."a--ihir.gton .11 5O .ISO
AMERICAN LEAC.lt:.
WASHINGTON. July 6. — Young was effective
with men on basM to-day, anj as a result
Boston defeated Washington. 3 to O. Attend
ance, 500. Score :
R. H. E.
Washington O 7 3
Boston .'{ 10 O
Batteries — Jacobson and Kittredge; Young
and Criger. . .
CLEVELAND, July 6. — Beth games sched
uled hero to-day between Et. Louis and Cleve
land were postponed on account of rain.
NEW TORK. July d. — New Tork easily de
feated Philadelphia to-day. Outplaying th«
visitors at every stage of the game. Score:
*. n. ii. e.
New York 7 7 0
Philadelphia 1 8 5
Batteries — Hughes and McGuire; Plank and
Poweri.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. July 6. — Wild throws by Smith
and Leach were responsible for Pittsburg's do
feat. Attendance. 2800. Scor»:
R. H. E.
Plttsburs 3 10 2
Chicago 4 7 0
Batteries — Flaherty and Smith; Wicker and
Kilns. Umpire— O' Day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 6. — New York out
played Philadelphia in every department to
day and won with ease. Attendance. 2000.
SCOre: R. H. E.
New York t2 13 1
Philadelphia - 3 » B
Batteries — Matthewson." Ames and Bower
man; Fraxer. Meyerson and Dodn. Umpire*—
Carpenter and Johnston*.
BOSTON. July 6. — Brooklyn won to- day" »
game from Boston on long hits by Ltxmley and
Sheckard and Pittinger's blander !n Interfer
ing with a throw to tho horns base. Attend
ance. 2S0O. Score:
It. H. E.
Brooklyn % I I
Boston 3 S 8
Batteries — Garvm and Hitter; Pittlr.gar an4
Needham.
ST. LOUIS, July «. — Tho St. Louis National
League team won a double headar from, Cin
cinnati to-day. Taylor's heady pitching ro
sulted In a shut-out for the visitors In th«
first game. Good stick work behind Nichols
was responsible for landing the second game.
Attendance. 7C00. Bcors first game:
R. XL E.
St. Loals 2 8 «
Cincinnati O 8 »
Batteries — Taylor and Zearfoss; Harper and
Eehley. Umpires — Moran and Zlmmer.
Score second game:
R. H. EJ.
St Loula ....«.—. 8 11 0
Cincinnati 3 » t
Batteries — Nichols and Zearfora; KeJUira and
Schley. -^j
CY YOUXG IS EFFECTIVE
WITH MEX ON BASES
Will Clark and other heavy specu
lators unloaded on El Piloto at 6 to 5 to
beat FairLady Anna at seven-furlongs
some days since. O'Neil rode the latter
mare and in a driving finish she beat
El Piloto, Tullett. up, a long neck.
The green trotter Will Clark, a son of
Strathway, purchased In California at
a fancy figure by the young Montanan,
was a sick horse after reaching this
city. He had shown a trial in 2:14%
and will not be started until late in
the season, states Driver Ted Hayes.
From here the Clark stable will be
shipped to Moborly, Mo. '
Old MorVen, now thirteen years old,
is still racing, . and only last: week
earned brackets. In the days of the
Bay District,' Morven was famed as &.*
runaway, but a few trips over the
sticks settled him down.
Thompson's Fairy, a daughter of
Scarborough and Bessie Shannon,' has
left the maiden two-year-old class. ' She
is owned by J. M. Capps and was pilot
ed by Joe Kelly, the Piedmont stable
protege.
Slssenvine, ; once the property of
"White : Hat'* McCarty, appears » to do
¦ well in this climate; for the^ geld
ing galloped a mile in 1:42% the other
day.: It must be remembered the track
Jim Davis paid Denver a visit and it
was claimed for a time had an interest
in a book at Overland Park. When the
management served notice on the book
to cease laying prices, Jim announced
his intention of departing for St. Louis.
It was a spirited betting affair, each
bringing $100 in the auction pooling
done. The Admiral, driven by Ed Laf
ferty, took the first heati the filly being
unsteady. Sally settled down to busi
ness in the two heats following, and
possessing more sped than the colt dis
posed of him cleverly and set a new
Colorado race record for two-year-olds.
Stoney Clark of the old-time firm of
White and Clark, owners of Jim Mur
phy and other noted performers, is
booking for a local firm at Overland.
For a number of years Stoney has been
a resident of Montana and but recently
arrived here after a visit to Chicago.
Donald Mitchell, "the Klondiker,"
one of the players in the famous "stud"
game on Post street three years ago, is
also quartered in these diggings.
Mitchell booked one season at Oakland
and lost a good, fat bank roll. Consid
ered an excellent hand at a quiet game
of draw, he is doing well.
About the best piece of horseflesh
racing at the track is Welch Girl, a full
sister to the outlaw McNamara. The
mare is owned by Jim Hand, but races
in the colors of Fred Kraft. Possart
has been played to beat her on two oc
casions, but she downed the black
horse like breaking sticks.
O'Neil. a youngster in the employ of
George Burger, is one of the cleverest
pilots here. The Oakland officials re
fused to let him ride Cousin Carrie one
day last winter- because of supposed in
experience.
BOOKMAKER DAVIS IX- DEXVER.
RECORD FOR SALLIE LUNX.
J. de la Montanya is here from San
Francisco representing the harness
brigade. Unfortunately his crack mare
Tuna, winner of the Stanford and Oc
cident stakes at Sacramento last year,
is not entered in any of the events here.
In his string besides is Brilliant Girl,
said to be a top notch filly. Both are
in charge of Joe Cuicello.
One of the heaviest operators at the
track is the young Montana millionaire,
Will Clark. Some days since his Wig
gins filly, Sally Lunn, purchased in
New York last fall, met the California
bred colt Admiral Toga, a son of Iran
Alto entered in the name of Joe Cui
cello.
Toledo, which the Denver turfman Ed
Gaylord purchased from Burns & Water
house, was recently started in a five
furlong scramble against an ordinary
bunch of sprinters. It was the colt's
first appearance, as his knees had been
fired before he v.as shipped here fron:
California. Two or three of the books
chalked up 2 to 5,. but a bit of early
action being discernible, this price waB
quickly rubbed to 1 to 3 and 1 to 4.
Bob Austin, one of the partners of
Owner Gaylord, invested to the extent
of S.SOO, but in disgust the latter bet
nothing. The last part of the race To
ledo was cleverly outfooted and beaten
by Billy Mason, the Cheyenne cyclone,
an S to 1 shot. Then, of course, the
bookies wept. They overlooked a chance
to have swept up.
The crocodiles at the City Park are
shedding tears for them. Little can
be said in favor of the California ag
gregation, for they are as impecunious
as the Middle Western and "bush"
brigade. If a horse happens to be 1
to 2 in the betting it is almost impos
sible to bet a box of lozenges on him.
A first-class bookmaker, one who would
take the coin, would now be a bigger
winner than the whole bunch put to
gether.
-^.TOLEDO'S CIN'CII PRICE.
If the strangle hold had not been
barred by the management and a
"skindicate" allowed to operate, all
would no doubt be big winners to date.
As it is, two-thirds of the unhappy
pencilers are complaining of being los
ers, with no chance to get out.
DENVER. July 6.— If there are any
disengaged Chinese laundrymen in San
Francisco" send them over to Denver C.
O. D. to make book. Only remember they
must be non-union hands, for union
help is tabooed in this section of the
country for the time being.
There are. nine so-called layers of
odds doing business at Overland Park,
but the major oortion of them have
n,i5 # sed their vocation. They should in
corporate and purchase the peanut
privilege out at the' Chutes. True, most
of them are booking at a disadvantage,
for it is an open ring.
By P. E. Mulholland.
Special Dlrratch to Th* Call
Thirty-two puppies were offered for
the baby event. As only sixteen could
be accepted the preference was given
those in the Futurity. It was an
nouncd the remaining- sixteen would
have the preference next week, when
a similar stake will be run. The en
tries include Flower Girl. Rocked
Asleep, Blaze, The Delta and other
promising ones. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Puppy staka — Fre« Ertn t». Son of Erla.
Creole Bello vs. Earl. Rocked As!e«p rm.
Stir.garte. Garadlce vs. Bla^c. Angus Clssua
vs. J R, The Duke v». Flower Girl. In* Cissua '
vs. The D'-lta, Paaha King vs. I> K.
Open stake — Dear Gaston, vs. Racine Auto.
Amandan vs. Aurella Mountain Bell» t«. Reo
tor, Cubanola vs. Frisco Lad, Pocaulli va. Our
Motto. Charter Member vs Hudson, Remisso
Animo v». Raby Aurora, Vandal vs. Renegada
Apache. Silver Cloud vs. Conroy, Lord, Brazen
vs Carlow Boy, Sacramento Boy vs. Richard
Anton, Aeolus vs Rapid Water. P&gllacct v».
Gold Chain. Orstna. vs Belle Free. Ituhy Sankey
vs. Texas Jill, L L C vs .Siren, Frea From Flaw
vs. In Time. Texas Mamie vs. Money Musk.
Liberator vs. McVey. Wattles vs. Sempronius.
False Alarm vb. Rose of Gold. Toungr Klam.it)*
vs. Honest John. Haphazard vs. Mr. Zlgfcego.
General Dewet vs. Palo Alto. Homer Boy t*.
Tom King. Duhallow vs. Mickey Free. J B H
vs. Queen o£ Isle, McHenrjr vs. Rocker Ann.
War Eagle vs. Galveston, Sea Lion vs. Trale*
Lass. Sunny South vs. Royal Frtend, Full
Moun vs. Men-y-Go-Round.
From the appearance of the open
stake thi3 week at Union Coursing
Park It would seem the owners of all
the crack greyhounds thought they
saw a soft place and dropped in their
dogs. The result has been the high
est class of entries seen In a sixty
four dog stake this year. The list in
cludes Pocatelli. Palo Alto, Full Moon.
Hudson, nichard Anton. McVey,' Rec
tor, Tom King, Tralee Lass and other
stars.
Jockey John Bullman, the famous
rider, who was reported en route to
Europe some days since, dropped qui
etly into town yesterday and went
about among his friends. He looked in
the best possible health and indignant
ly denied the story which was circulat
ed in the East to the effect that he had
been drinking. His smart appearance
bore out his assertion.' He came West
with Hiram Pierce, the trainer.
"My domestic relations were not of
the happiest," said Bullman last night,
"and I determined to leave New York.
I gave the impression that I was going
to Europe and then started "West to
visit my mother in Alameda, It was
reported that I wanted to ride in Chi
cago and could not secure, a mount.
This is not true, as I was there only
long enough to have luncheon, and did
not meet any horsemen.
"I went to St. Louis, where I saw Co
lonial Girl win the World's Fair handi
cap. I was offered some mounts, but
refused them. I will start East by way
of Seattle on Saturday and may accept
some mounts in the Northwest while I
am there.
"I broke no contract when I came
West, as I was riding as a free lance.
I had a contract for several years with
August Belmdnt, but as he had only
a small stable this year I did not bind
myself to him. Instead I gave him
first call on my services.
"The yearling sales this season have
been failures, owing partly to the death
last year of William C. Whitney. The
latter was a liberal purchaser and kept
prices up to a high standard. One
could buy an entire carload of the first
consignment of yearlings that reached
the market this season for $100. They
were not fashionably bred, however.
Newton Bennington can get all the
horses he wants to run on shares this
year where in former years he had to
purchase anything he particularly
fancied, as the demand was great.
Other trainers are in the same posi
tion."
SEATTLE. July 6. — Seattle won from
Oakland this afternoon. It was an
expensive contest for' the visitors.
Pitcher Shields strained his arm in the
eighth inning, and retired in favor of
Jay Hughes. Ganley then drove a liner
at Hughes, who tried to avoid it, but
threw up his hands and the ball stuck.
The man was out. but Hughes' little
rlneror of liis rijiht hand was badly
smashed. He was able to linish the
game.
Umpire O'Connell decided it was
time lo stop the kicking which has
< haracterized the Seattle-Oakland se
ries. He served notice on both teams
i hat the next sound meant an out of
the frame. Lehman forgot all about the
order ar.d objected to a decision on a
ball. He was ordered out. Back talk
followed and Cooper cut in. The up
fchot of the matter was that both Loh
inan and Cooper had to leave the
grounds.
O'Connell informed the spectators
that both teams were taking advantage
«if the fact that they had no extra in
lielders. and thought they could talk
as much as they pleased.
Buchanan would have won his grame
if he had received good support. The
ecore dees not show the errors of judg
ment that favored Seattle. The score:
Feattle— I Oakland—
AB. n. H. P. A.' AB. R. H. P. A.
Van U.cf 4 0 12 UOanley.rf 5 0 14 0
Stch". r.2h 4 0 ¦ O 0 3 Krncks.f-s 5 10 0 1
l*!*>h.::b 4 0 2 1 (liKruKr.cf 4 0 2 2 0
FriFk.lf. 3 0 0 0 0 SrhlSy.2b 4 0 0-4 2
Dlnkp.lb 4 O i. T :;iGrahni.lf 3 0 O O'O
S'rtlth.rf. 2 1 «> 3 t» Mofki.ir. 1 <> O 1 0
lls.!!.s>.. 2 113 2 Iv-vrx.Sb 3 0 0 1 1
\V21son.c 3 I 2 S 0 Ktrcib.lb 4 12 5 2
J»hiP!ds.p 3 12 2 2 Loliman.c 3 1 2 5 'J
Hughf-s.r. 0 o o 1 1 Eyrne.c. 10 0 11
— — tSuehan.j) 4 0 2 0 1
Totals 294S27 11I
' Totals: 37 3 9 23*10
•tVilfon nut on bunted third strike.
HUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Featt:*- O O 2 W 1 O 1 <> s — 4
Bat* hits 10202 V 21 x— R
Oakland i o 02 0 0 0 0 0—3
B?.st hit? 2 l l z 0 2 0 1 0—9
SUMMARY.
Errors — Hall. SMridi-. Bchlafley Ptr^lb.
Karsei] runs— .Stattlt 1. Oakland I. Two-base
liitb— Hall. Wilson, Krufcor, Lnhman Sacri
fice hit— Hsll. Stolen base* — Fri*k Ganley
Kiug-cr. Btraek cut— By Shields 7, by Buchan
an 4 Bas?« on bails — Off Shields 1. off Bu.-han
*n 2. Innings pitched— Shields 8. Hughts 1.
i hue of gam* — One hour and fifty-two minutes.
1 rapint O'Connell. Put out of grounds—Loh
man and Cooper. Injured— Shields and Hushes.
Taeorca. 58 40 ..V.«3 Oakland 40 47 .jIO
fc^atile ~>l 41 ..Vi'.tfan Fran 'M Z-7 .4tn>
V«s Angfks. , r >3 45 .541 1 Portland ....'55 57 .UfcO
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(FMillC Coast League.)
STANDING OF T1JE CLUES.
Clever Pilot of Two-Year-
Olds Will Eide as a Free
Lance During This Season
Doings of 3Ien and Horses
Iviiown to the Racegoers
of the Pacific Coast
Victory Would Have Been
His Portion Had He Ke
ctised Ordinary Support
Fleetest of the Coursers on
This Coast Will Meet in
Sixty -Four -Dog Xumber
VIOLATES NO CONTRACT
TEAM FAILS BUCIIAXAN
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First Race — Jack McKeon, Martha
Gorman, Flour de Marie, ;>;.? . -¦;
Second Race — Mineola^ Jocund,
Lady Amelia.
Third Rare — Florham Queen, Him
self, Hurst Park.
Fourth Race — Gold Ten, Gideon's
entry, Red Friar.
Fifth Race — Atwood, Ben Mac-
Dhul, Jane Holly.
Sixth Race — Male Hanlon, Nlc
Longworth, Persistence II.
BRIGHTON' BEACH SELECTIONS,
NEW YORK, July 6. — The races
to-morrow at Brighton Beach attract
ed the following entries: %
First race, six furlongs — Blue Coat 102
Black Prince 102, Invader 102, Jack McKeon
101, Winchester »9, Carrie Jones 99, Estella J
ft9. Fleur de Marie i>9, Fra F'illlpo 07, Cashier
97, Virgo 90, Little Buttercup 04, Martha Gor
man 94.
Second race, six furlongs — Lady Amelia 125,
Et Tu Brute 108, Jocund lwi Mineola 106.
Spring 111. Tepee 111, Toupee 103, Fine Art
101. Roseben 98, Vlona 96.
Third race, mile and a furlong — Hurft-Park
122, Toboggan 107. Carbuncle 102, Klorham
Queen 95, Himself 92. Little Em 90, Salvatella
90, Jack Ratlin 90. Flara 87.
Fc.urth race, six furlongs — Red Friar 107,
Escutcheon 107, Lindsay Gordon 105, Lincroft
100. Highborn 09, Hamburger 97, Perry Mc-
Adow 97, Gold Ten 9<i, Pete Dalley 92, Carrie
Jones 01. (Escutcheon and Highborn, Gideon
entry.)
Fifth race, on« and a sixteenth miles — Ben
MacDhul 108, All Gold 106. Namtor 10tf, Ernest
Parham 108, Hollo 105. Martinmas 103, Stolen
Moments 101, Jane Holly 101, Sabot 101. Bar
dolph 101, Gold Dome 100, Stlllcho 08, Atwood
97, Garnish 85, Silver Days !WC Tomcod U6.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Per-
Flsunce II HO. St. Gallen 110, Patagonlan 110.
William PI<lg.->6ri 110, - Nic Longworth 110,
Flexion 110. Lawson 107. Sir Ship 107. Lord of.
the Manor 107. Marmee 107, Male Hanlon 107.
Rosle Dlnham 107, Sonoma Belle 107, Chattah
107. Siep Away 107. Rickey T 107.
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTOX BEACH ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purp^:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Dandelion. 110 (Phillips) 2 13 12
12 to 1 — Broadcloth. 110 (Burns) 5 2 2 2 1U.
9 to 10— Dreamer, 107 (Hlldbrnd) 9 9 3 6
Time, 1:07 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, F R. Hltchock's ch. c. by Hamburg-
Pam;y. Rait and Pepper. Tommy Waddel,
Bella, Signora. Knight of Weston, Pacettl. Is
trla. Grand Champion. Long Dan finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
thrpe-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting, ncrse, Weight. Jcckey. St. % Fin.
7. to 1— Glisten.. 96 (Hlldebrand). . 2 1 # 1 ns
32 to 1— Palm Reader, 04 (M'Cfrty) 4 5 ;2 1>4
2 to 5— Palm Bearer. 101 (Philps).l 3 2 3h
Time. 1:54 1-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. W. H. Schauts' b. f. by Knight of
Ellerslie-Beloved. Allan and Briarthorpe fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— On«» mile; th» Test Handi
cap; three-voor-ol'ls and up:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
l.T to 10— Hermi*. 133 (Redfern).. 1 1 1U1 1
7 to 5— Beldame. 115 <O'N>i!l).. 2 24 25
S to 1— Dainty, 10.1 (Crimmins). 4 44 "t 3%4
Time, 1:38. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. E. R. Thomas' ch. h. by Hermence-Katy
of the West. Wild Thyme and Dick Bernard
finished as named.
Time, 1:14 1-5. Start rood. Won driving.
Winner, P. Pa get's oh. c. by Order- Tongese.
Buttling. Knight of ¦ Pearl. Bill Bailey II fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Montauk
stakf-s for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
It t« 10 — Tonsor<1er, 1 1.1 <Lyne>. 1 1 h 1 ns
2 to 1— Waterside, 117 fO'Xell) 6 6 2 1
12 to 1— Pasadena, 110 (Phillips) 5 3 6 3 Y t
BRIGHTON BEACH 1 , July ' 6. — Fif
teen thousand race goers saw E. R.
Thomas' Suburban winner, Hermis,
carrying 133 pounds, defeat the no
less famous th. - 2e-year-old filly Bel
dame, 116 pounds, by a length to-day
in the Test handicap at a mile in 1:38,
which equaled the track record made
by James R. Keene's Voter, with 122
pounds up, on July 17, 1900. W. B^
Jennings' four-year-old mare Dainty.
103 pounds, was third, after at one
time in the "last furlong seeming like-
Jy to, be second.
Hermis, the pacemaker from the
first jump to the last, was fortunate
in getting clear of the other four
starters without losing any grpund,
while Beldame, his most daring com
petitor, did not have clear going. It
appeared that Dick Bernard, which
was second around the turn and for
nearly a half mile, had something to
do with keeping Beldame in a pocket.
The general opinion was that Bel
dame's performance was the grandest
shown by a filly In many years and
there was a general demand from all
classes that there should be a two
horse race between Hermis and Bel
dame before the question of suprem
acy of either could be settled.
According to the scale of weights,
Hermis was conceding only one pound
to the great daughter of Octagon.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; 'purse; ' three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 6— Reliable, 13S (Doland).. 1 1 1 1 4
lfl to 5 — Honiton, 113 (Martin)... 3 22 2 1-'
8 to 1 — Auditor. 122 (Burns).... 2 6 2 3d
Tinip, 1:13. Start .good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. J. Ryan's b. h. by Watercresa-Arnette.
MiRslng Link, Liberty, Prince Salm Salm, Gay
Lizette, Queen Elizabeth, Jack o' Lantern
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — ABout two miles; steeple
chase: handicap: for four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 5 — FMlminate. 154 <Ray)... 3 11 1C
IS to 6— Black Death, 150 (Henry) 2 21 2 3«4
5 to 2 — Conover, 15S (Holman).. 1 4 1 8 6
Time. 4 ::{n. Start good. Won easily. Wln
rer. Mr. Cotton's b. g. by Rayon d'Or-Feu
Follet. Neponset, Silver Twist, Trek, Perion,
Swampland, Bermuda King finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
A' CLASSY OPEN EVENT
SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up: . ¦
Batting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Falernlan. .95 (Mclntyre) S 3 h 1 1
13 to 2 — D.L.Moore, 100 (Seamsr) 4 2 4 2 2
20 to 1 — Scotsman, 100 (Greenfld) 2 1 143 2
Time. 1:44 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. James Arthur's ch. c. (H) by Fonso-
Falerna. Sir Hugh 106, Ryevale 87, Great
Eastern 94, Martin 100, VollaOO. Frank Me
102, Lady BellaJr 02, Bluemlnt 102, finished as
named. ! * ' • - • N
FIFTH' RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds: •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
;j to 4 — Miss Inez, 106 (Hoffler). 4 1 241 2
10 to 1 — Cigar Light«T.103(Knapp) 6 4 2V62 2
7 to 2 — The Mist, 115 (Dugan).. 1 2 4 3 5
Time 1:01 3-5. Start good. Won In a canter.'
Winner, C." R. Ellison's blk. f. by Pirate of
Penzance-Lady Inez. Blue Bird .105, Girdle
stone 1(13, Ralney B 100, Lucky Joe 106, fin
ished as named. ¦-.,-.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and up:
Belting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 5— TokaJon, 33 (Knapp) 3 17 14
11 to 5 — Action. 107 (Lawrence). 4 3 5 2 4
« to 1 — A.D.Gibson, ICC (Helg?n) 1 2 2 3 7
Tim<\ 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. f. f.'f) by Tammany-
Enid. Henry Bert, 110, also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and an eichth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Port Royal, 100 (Hlgsn) 4 2 2 14
11 to 1 — Miss Crwfd, '85 (Lannon) 2 12 2 1
4 to 1— Horatius. 101 (Knapp).. 1 3 2 3 nk
Time. 1:65 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, S. W. Street's b. c. (5) by Kingston-
Maurine. Schoolmate 92, Bondage 111. Witful
106, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — On« mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 1— Tancred, 110 (Pollok)... 4 3^1%
9 to 2— E.of Indla.100 (Melntye) 8 4 1 2 nk
7 to 1 — J.Greenberg.103 (Oregar) 2 2 1 3 %
Time, 1 :42 4-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. N. -Hughes & Co.'s ch. c. (4) by
Troubadour-Unadima. Joe Lesser 110, Fore
sight £»6, Telephone 92, Harfang 94, Sweet
Tone 91, Cardinal "Wolsey 107, finished as
named.
Rain fell duringr the afternoon and
the track became slower with the run
ning of each race. A large crowd at
tended the opening day. The card was
a good one. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— P. J. Somers, 110 (Otis) 4 82 l.fc
11 to 20— Van Ness.116 (Oliphnt) 1 1 Vi 2 nk
25 to .1— Whoa Bill.106 (Hoffler) 6 8 3 tVi
Time, 1:15^. Start good. Won handHy.
Winner, J. L. Slaughter's b. c. (3) by Dr.'
MaoBrlde-Jennle Miller. Mayor Johnson 100,
Clarion 112, Patson Brown 98, finished as
named.
CHICAGO, July 6.— Port Royal,
backed from 5 to 4 to 1, with Helge
sen 1 up, won the feature event of the
Harlem- card to-day, with Miss Craw
ford at 10 to 1 second and Horatius
4 to 1 third. Witful, the favorite at
11 to 5, backed from 5 to 2, wheeled
as the barrier went up and was as
good as left. She was last all the way.
Miss Crawford and Port Royal had
the race to themselves throughout.
They ran neck and neck to the middle
of the back stretch eight lengths in
front of , Horatius, where Helgesen
took Street's horse back, allowing Miss
Crawford to go out in the lead by
nearly three lengths.
At the half-mile pole Horatius, Bond
age and Schoolmate moved up and then
Helgesen set Port Royal down. He
wore down Miss Crawford gradually
and won, going away with a half a
length • to spare. . Miss Crawford hung
to the place, beating Horatius a length,
with Schoolmate lapped on the latter.
Bondage quit in the stretch.
Tqkalon, given a perfect ride by "Big
Bill" Knapp, won the six-furlong sprint
race in a canter. Three favorites won.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Decoration. 107 (Howell) 1 5 4 1 1%
5 to 1— Howls Dervlsh.l02(Will) 8 1 \i, 2 V,
5 to 1— Worthington. 104 (Conw) 4 4 h :i 4
Time. 1:21%: Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. J. Ogle's ch. g. (4) by Requital-
The Heroine. Hazel H 107, Dr. Riley 89,
Crime lOP.Darcy 107. Feronla 100. Tickful lO-i.
Maggie Felix 102, Choice 107, Nan Dora 102,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up-
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 2— Jerry Hunt, £>9 (Fischer) 4 1 3 1 h
10 to 1— Gasllghter. 105 (Xeely).. 3 4^22
6 to 1— Orient. 9S (1>. Austin)... 7 2 3 3 2
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. B. Scbrelber's b. g. (S) by Servitor-Inno
cence. Wolfram 10O, Echodale 105, Our Lillla
03, Wall 104, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — aSIx furlongs; handicap:
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin
11 to 6— Copperfield. 107 (Booker) 4 25 13*
5 to 2— Commodore, 110 (Troxler) 1 1 1U2 6
15 to 1— Bugler, 100 (D.Austin). 5 5832
Time, 1:19%. Start good. Wen driving. Win
ner. J. B. Respess 1 ch. c. (3) by Hannibal-
Marie Shanklln. Red Thistle S8. Mordella 92,
Rair.land 108, Elastic 126, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— On» 'mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horae. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to 1— Sister Lillian, 97 (Davis) 7 3 5 Ins
8 to 1 — Preaknefss. 96 (Fischer) . . 8 2 h 2 n
2 to 1 — Alice Turner, 103 (Vdrbt) 5 11 3 15
Time. 1:5014. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. McGrall's br. m. (4) by Lamp
lighter-Emma HI. Bush Smith 82, Easter Wal
ters 82, Algonquin 85, Lord Haven 03, Eleven
Bells 102. Sam Stevens Si. finished as named.
Lord Haven and Eleven. Bells fell at stretch.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Lucy Griffin. 108 (Knight) 8 5 2 11
6 to 1— Erla Lee. 103 (Fischer).. 3 11^22
5 to 2— Leila Hunter. 103 (Nicol) 7 4 3 3 4
Time. :50%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. C. Christie's blk. f. (2) by Charade-
Adeline. Little Florence 98. La Princess 98,
Pharmacy 103, Esther Goodrich 98 Lady Lou
103, Wakeful 108, Geneva Lee 108," finished as
named.
ST. LOUIS, July 6.— Jockey Perkins
was seriously and probably fatally in
jured by a fall to-day in the third race.
Lord Haven stumbled in the stretch
and fell, rolling over Perkins. Eleven
Bells fell over Lord Haven, throwing
D. Austin, who, however, escaped un
hurt. Copperfield won the feature
event handily from Commodore. Echo
dale, owned by T. C. Christ, was ruled
off for inconsistent running.
The track was heavy. Attendance,
5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-old«
and up: .'.¦¦¦¦
Bettlnp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Bab, 07, (H. Anderson) . . 2 2 5 14
3 to 1— Second Mate, ,105 (Foley). 7 4 2 2 3
30 to 1— Marchioness, 05 (Heims). i I .i :)5
Time, 1:21. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Cahlll's b. m. (i!> by B»ivi<!<Te-P»-;ii
rah. Howard P 102, La Cache 102. Federalist
104, Catherine Knox 102. Van Cleve 104, Never
Smile ICO. Julius Werner 107. Olea 102. Galoit
107. Athelrose «5. Katie Cromwell 100, finished
as named.
Special Dispatch to» The Call.
Two of Oakland's Pitchers
Injured While Uncle Pete
and Cooper Are Punished
Famous Jockey Comes West
to See His Mother, Who
Lives in Alameda County
MANY WILL QUIT LOSERS
Open King Prevents Them
From Getting a Strangle
Hold on Betting Prices
Sixteen Greyhounds Entered
for the Kich Stakes Will
Start at Union Park
Jockey Perkins Is Seriously
Injured in a Fall at
St. Louis.
Port Royal, With Helgesen
Up, Takes Feature Event
at Harlem.
The Thomas Horse Leads
the Daughter of Octagon
a Length in 1:38.
COSTLY GAME
FOR LOHMAN
DENVER BOOKIES.
ARE UNHAPPY
BULLMAN HERE
ON BRIEF VISIT
FUTURITY DOGS
IN COMPETITION
HERMIS BEATS BELDAME AT BRIGHTON
IN A SENSATIONAL RACE AT ONE MILE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.
is a seven-furlong one with sharp
turns. The brown gelding is owned by
Charley -Irwin of Cheyenne, a cattle
man. '-.i-S,:-
McDougald -Cashes State Demands.
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday
cashed four State demands on the Uni
versity of California aggregating $119,
833 33. This is in accordance with the
new system inaugurated to save ex
press charges on money, shipped, to
Sacramento. In this case, the, sum of
$84 was saved, as ig.maklng his settle
ment-'with the Stale McDougald will
present the four demands in lieu of
cash. McDougald says he will save
sufficient money in that way for the
city to pay for the premium on ' his
official bond.
Miss Sutton Continues to Win.
NEW YORK, July 6. — Play began
to-day in the special round robin
tennis tournament for women on the
courts of the Kings County Tennis
Club of Brooklyn. The competitors
are Miss May Sutton of Pasadena,
Cal., the national champion; Miss
Hall of California; Miss Carrie B.
Neeley of Chicago: Miss Bessie Moore
of New York, who lost her title as
national champion to* Mis3 Sutton,
and Miss Risen of New York.
The play of Miss Sutton was the
feature to-day. She defeated Miss
Neeley, 6-0. 6-1. \>i-'^
_ There are in Italy about 5500 maca
roni > factories, which give employment
to 25.000 hands.
The Alhambra Club friends of Eddie
Hanlon, the popular feather-weight
boxery entertained him at a banquet
last night at Villa Mlramar on the
Ocean Boulevard. The party went out
in a special car. There was a long list
of toasts, responded to by Billy Jordan,
James P. Healey and others. Hanlon
goes to Croll's Gardens, Alameda, .to
day to train for Nelson.
Eddie Hanlon Banqueted.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS,
tTKe Outcropping of Bad Blood.
While not always painful these are aggravating beyond
expression. With few exceptions they are worse in spring
and summer, when the system begins to thaw out and the
skin is reacting and making extra efforts to throw off the
poisons that have accumulated during the winter months.
Then boils and pimples, rashes and eruptions of every con-
ceivable kind make their ap- .; r««*«« r»v*^ * - -"1^»
pearance, and Eczema and s. S. S. is a wSffSSsSSS^SSk ituPtbe
Tetter — the twin terrors of house all the while. It Is an excellent tonic to
«;tin diseases— Nettle Rash rlv8 str « n srtb to the sygtem and ton© to all tho
Skin diseases— IN etue±tasn ot?an8# it »lve» appetite and energy and make.
Poison Oak and Ivy, and on© feel better in every way. I have found it also
Such other skin troubles as an excellent blood purifier. Por months I was
usually remain quiet during troubled with an itcttin S skin eruption on the
it u *u U~~u «,,* face, and tried specialists and many remedies to
the cold weather, break out get^ cur e, but S. S. S. is the only medicine that
afresh to torment and dis- seemed to relieve. I am now comparatively tree
tract bv their fearful burn- of this eruption. I think a *xeat deal of yout
iracL u> ineir i^" 1 " 4 u ? 1 " medicine, believing i% to bo the best blood purl-
ing, itching and stinging, geriiiid tonic known to the world to-day.
A course ol S. S. S. now will •¦ J£*a. FBANK EOSNEB,
purify and enrich the blood, «3O East Seventh St.
, . rn^ reinforce and tone up the general system, and
/f-^3 ff""^ fc^ carry off the bodily impurities through the proper
channels. The skin, with good blood to nourish it,
fc^^J frsj>j i*^^J remains smooth and free of all disfiguring eruptions.
**m^ Send for our book on diseases of the skin, and write
us if you desire medical advice or any special information. This will cost
you nothing, THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., A7LAN7A M CA»Despondent Woman Attempts Suicide.
While despondent because she im
agined her husband would be thrown
out of work, Mrs. Louis Wild, living at
113 Ninth street, attempted to end her
life yesterday by inhaling illuminating
gas from an open Jet The smell of
the escaping gas atracted the notice
of the owner of the house, who arous
ed the woman before she entirely lost
consciousness. No sooner " has she
been disturbed In her design to end
her life than she made a second at
tempt by jumping over the stair rail
ing, dislocating her left ankle. She
was removed to the Central Emergen
cy Hospital, where Dr. Carl Wilson
set the fractured limb.
Dr. Bacigalupi performed an autop
py yesterday morning upon the body
of Mrs. George Curry, alias Josie
Tripp, who was shot and killed by her
husband at 25 Turk street last Tues
day. Three bullets were found In the
woman's body. One entered the
breast a little to the left of the me
dian line and opposite the fourth rib,
passing through the heart and lodg
ing in the spine at the opposite point
Another entered a little to the right
of the median line of the throat and
lodged in the cervical spine, and the
third entered below the chin, shatter
ing the lower Jaw.
Autopsy on Mrs. Curry.
A young teamster, aged 21 years,
named Patrick Hayes, residing at
Treat and Precita avenues, employed
by George Ryan, who keeps a lumber
yard at Alabama and Montcalm strets,
was killed yesterday at the railroad
crossing on Twenty-flrst and Harrison
streets. Hayes was sent out on horse
back to assist In the unloading of a
car of lumber and In his attempt to
cross the railroad track was caught by
an outbound passenger train. .The
leading engine, which was in "charge
of George E. Wilson, knocked horse
and man clear off the track, killing
the horse instantly. Hayes was re
moved to the City and County Hos
pital in the patrol wagon from the
Seventeenth-street police station and
died on the operating table from a
fractured skull. As soon as the man's
death was communicated to Captain
Anderson he ordered the arrest of
Engleer Wilson on the charge of man
slaughter. The engineer was boohed
at the Seventeenth-street station, but
was released on bail.
Man and Horse Killed by Train.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., July 6.—
Julius Appieton, a well-known paper
manufacturer, died to-day of apoplexy.
Snccumbs to Attack of Apoplexy.
Death of General Joseph H. Iiewris.
FRANKFORT, Ky., July 6.— General
Joseph II. Lewis, famous as com
mander of the "orphan brigade" in
the Confederacy, dropped dead to-day.
He was Chief Justice of the Court of
Appeals for more than twenty years.
In the United States District Court
yesterday the case of the Pacific
Stevedoring and Ballasting Company
fljrainrt the British ship Marathon was
dismissed, a settlement having been
rr.Htle out of court. The suit was for
$1200 alleged to be due for stevedore
eer vices.
An execution was issued in two
cases of the United States vs. Frank A.
McKee and Pearly Maxwell, who had
been fined $5000 each, the appraised
vnjue of tanbark and tan oak cut. by
the defendants on Government land in
Mendocino County.
United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth started yes
terday for Plumas County to defend
Indian wards of the Government in
a land case In that county. He will
return in about a week.
Federal Court Notes.
ALAMEDA, July 6. — Mrs. Magda
lene Bremer, widow of the late Chris
tian Bremer and mother o£ Agnes D.
Bremer and the late C. H. Bremer,
passed away this morning^at the fam
ily residence, 823 Central avenue. She
was "a native of Germany, aged 68
years and was well known to early
Alamedans. •
Mrs. Magdalene Bremer's Death.
Commercial School for Young Men.
The summer term of the night
school for men and the day commer
cial school of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association will open next Mon
day, July 11. Between six and seven
hundred students have enrolled in the
night and day classes of the associa
tion institute during the past year,
and the school is one of the most suc
cessful conducted in the city.
Suspect Some Customer of the Bank of
California of Taklnjr the Sack
From Desk.
The police are puzzled over the dis
appearance of a sack of coin from
a desk in the Bank of California on
Tuesday afternoon. The coin had been
drawn from the bank by J. D. Stelling,
a boy employed by Miller & Lux. It
consisted of $400 in $10 gold pieces and
5200 in $20 pieces. The bey placed the
rack on one of the public desks while
he went to another desk to write out
a tag and when he returned the sack
had disappeared.
Detective Byram was standing at
tho door cf the bank at the time and
he is positive that no stranger entered
or left the bank while the boy was
there. There were a few customers,
Just how many is not exactly known
as it Tvas during the rush before clos
ing time, ar.d it is suspected that one
cf them took the sack possibly think
ing it was his own. If bo he has not
y*»t returned it.
Byram is working on that theory,
but it is admitted he has a delicate
undertaking as he will have to be sure
of his ground before charging a cus
tomer cf the bank with a felony.
OAKLAND, July 6. — Mrs. B. C
Cuvellier, the wife of Councilman Cu
vellier, died this morning at her home,
1222 Union street, aged 48 years. Mrs.
Cuvellier has been an invalid for the
past ten years, but the immediate
cause of death was the shock resulting
from a severe fall, which occurred
about two months ago. Mrs. Cuvel
lier's thigh was broken In the accident
and she never recovered^from the In
jury.
• Mrs. Cuvellier came to this city in
1883 and has resided here ever since.
Besides her husband the deceased
leaves five children — Rene, Charles,
Jeannette, Harold and Camelita Cu
vellier.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
at 2 p. m. from the family residence.
The services will be private.
Mrs. B. C. Cuvellier Passes Away
at Her Home After a
Lons Illness.
rOLICE PUZZLED OVER
DISAPPEARANCE OF COTN
WIFE OF OAKLAND
COUNCILMAN IS DEAD
The deceased was one of a family
of eleven. She was a sister of Mrs.
Manuel Martin of Plaasanton and Mrs.
Victor Silva.
The family formerly resided In Liver
more and the remains were interred
In the Livermore Catholic Cemetery
beside those of her mother and sister.
DANVILLE. • July 6. — Miss Mabel
Louisa Fergrodo. aged 16 years, died on
July 4 at the home of her father, E.
S. Fersrodo, of Danville after an Ill
ness of several months. The funeral
was held to-day from the family resi
dence and was attended by many for
mer schoolmates of the deceased. The
honorary pallbearers were: Mary
Pererla. Rosie Peters, Rose Lawrence,
Marie Jensen, Mariana Pererla and Ida
Pererla. The acting pallbearers were
Ralph Harrison, Martin Jensen, Joe
Lawrence, Frank Freltas, Joe Freitaa
and Mathew Xoia.
Mabel Ix>uisa Fergodo Dies at the
Home of Her Father After a
Long Illness.
DAUGHTER OF PROMINENT
RESIDENT OF DANVHiLJE DIES
Suters continued his chase. Out of
an alley, with Jenkins In the lead, he
ran and at the top of his voice shouted
to pedestrians to head oft the thief.
By the time California and Hyde streets
were reached quite a crowd, which in
cluded Policemen Behan and Merchant,
were\particlpatlng In the, run and Jen
kins was quickly handcuffed and asked
for an explanation. At the City Prison
Jenkins was charged with attempt to
commit grand larceny and Suters will
have to' stand trial on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon.
The struggle wagred fiercely until
Suters finally broke loose from the grip
of the would-be thief and looked about
for a weapon with which to protect
himself. A baseball bat stood In one
corner of the room and with this he
started an assault. Jenkins saw trouble
ahead and beat a retreat. The en
raged Suters gave chase, at the same
time drawing a clasp knife, and with
these two implements of war overtook
his man just as he was leaping through
a window in the rear of the premises?.
Jenkins took sash and everything with
him and as he was disappearing over
the sill Suters stuck the knife into his
back, inflicting a slight wound.
James Suters, a freight-handler,
played good Samaritan to Fred T. Jen
kins, who also handles trucks and mer
chandise, and came to grief last night.
He offered Jenkins the hospitality of
his home when the latter needed sleep
to counteract the effect of Intoxicating
liquors, and was rewarded for his open
heartedness by finding that an attempt
was being made to rob him. The melee
that followed savors of melodrama. A
baseball bat and knife were used, the
participants jumped through windows,
one in pursuit of the other, and tho
police ended a chase that stretched
over several blocks.
Suters and Jenkins spent the day In
each other's company and by nightfall
had Imbibed much liquor. Neither
was In a condition to attend a thea
ter, so Suters suggested that Jenkins
accompany him to his home and sleep
off the "jag." The pair boarded a
car and were soon at 1429 Clay street,
where Suters lives. Little time was
lost In preparing for the rest and after
removing hats, coats and shoes, both
men were soon stretched out on the
bed, side by side, and deep in slumber.
Later something awakened Suters.
He was conscious of the presence of
a hand in his trousers pocket. In which
$65 that had survived the spree had
been placed. As he started up to a
sitting position Jenkins seized him by
the throat and attempted to strangle
him.
Policemen Arrest Both Men
and Hold Them in Prison
to Answer Felony Charges
Now, here's where the storm began
to lower. Mrs. E. M. North, a vigor
cjs writer and founder of the old club,
denounced the star chamber sessions
that eliminated the women mentioned
T.iihout trial, and then the fun was
en. Others followed Mrs. North —
v. ho is an,ardent lover of justice and
fair play— and "the Writers' Club of
California" sprang from the parent
etodc Now, this news, while good
news, must not lend a false hope to
the husbands of the members of the
P. C. W. P. A., against whom 6uit for
$100,000 damages is pending. The in
stitution of the new club, with the
ir.Jured litterateurs as head and front
T.-iIl not Seal the wounds heretofore
inflicted, and the suit goes merrily
on — not only against the women, but
against their unoffending and wholly
Innocent husbands. Now, that's dis
tinctly a case of Ill-luck, but there are
those that say that a man must take
chances when he marries a writer.
But while it's true that women writers
ere not usually star performers as
cooks and laundresses, the men who
married them never expected to be
called upon to face a 5100,000 damage
suit as co-defendants in a lawsuit.
But with all great blessings there must
come some pain!
Behold the new club of women
writers'. The Pacific Coast "Women's
Press Association no longer holds a
monopoly of the inspired femininity of
the Western world, for lo! on the
Jiorlzon has a rival appeared, tiny as
a white sail far away in the offing;
but, gallantly steered by its captain.
Mrs. Mate H. Cartwrlght, it is making
fast to the port of popularity, of-
Ccered further by Mrs. Maria Free
man Gray, as vice president; Mrs.
Marian Beattle Foster, secretary, and
Mrs. E. N. North, treasurer' — a trusty
crew and worthy — but In part dis
credited by the older craft, the P. C.
(V. P. A. For reasons that are no
ioubt clear to the luminous lights who
u!de the destinies of that cultured
raft — but not quite so clear to the
f:eat unlearned — Mrs. Cartwrlght and
Mrs. Foster lost their papers — that is,
:hfy were expelled, and expelled with
out trial.
Formation of Organization
Will Not Lessen the Aw
ful Smart of Expulsion
VICTBI GIVES. PURSUIT
HONORS FOR DEPOSED
Expelled Members of Press
Association Enthusiasti
cally Create New. Body
Fred^T. Jenkins Makes an
Attempt to Annex Money
Belonging to Jas. Suters
Monteith first came Into general
prominence In 1894 as one of the coun
sel for the Pullman railroad strikers
who ditched a train near Sacramento,
killing: Engineer Clarke and four United
States soldiers who were guarding the
train. He afterward took an active
part In assisting the Pacific Coast Sea
men's UnloK in carrying on their strike.
Deceased was born in Jackson, Mich.
His father, John Monteith, a minister
of the gospel, migrated to Missouri,
where he abandoned the ministry and
took a leading part in public school
affairs In that State. Young Monteith
took up newspaper work in St. Louis
and afterward was admitted to the
bar there. In 1885 he came to Riverside,
Cal., where he filled the office of City
Attorney and Assistant District Attor
ney. Here he became an active legal
opponent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and was noted in after years
as an anti-corporation lawyer. His po
litical course was always consistent
and even his opponents who thought
him to be In the wrong were forced to
respect him for his undoubted sincer
ity.
Monteith was a member of the Order
of Red Men, and the funeral will be
held under their management.
Death came yesterday to Geore^ "W.
Monteith at St. Joseph's Home and
Hospital from the shock of an opera
tion for appendicitis performed a week
ago. He was a well-known lawyer and
was prominently Idetlfled with the la
bor cause. He was 42 years old and
left a wife and two children.
WRITERS' CLUB
IS ORGANIZED
TRIES TO ROB
KINDLY HOST
G. W. MONTEITH
SUCCUMBS TO
AN OPERATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, THURSDAY, JULY. 7, 1904.
15
/
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping with its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pclouze Scale Com-
p~ny of Chicago to manufacture
a special lot of these useful'
household and sporting scales
especially for the use of its
"Want Ad." patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing n Want Advertisement
for insertion in next Sunday's
CALL will receive -one of these
useful little premiums.
These scales sc^il regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased formless than that
amount, so our patrons will
readily renlizc that THE CALL
is not only issuing the best
premiums ever offered by a
newspaper, but is giving them a'
series of useful articles that
cannot be purchased locally for
three and often four times tho
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a big induce-
ment to insert your ad. in this
paper, not to mention anything
of the big returns advertisers;
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL.
'I- .- -..¦!•
STIMMFR RRWTO
v vl H 11/11 Ill/\Jvlll\j .
WRITE SUIiPHUS SFJKIKOS, Vallcjo,
Cal. — Moat accessible aprlng* to Sun t-ranctsco;
round trip $1, no stage % fare; only 2% hours
ride; Q miles from Vallejo; hot, cold and
plunke sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney liver and
ptomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. • Address MAN-
UEL, MADRID. Vallejo. Cal. •
COUNTRY SOAX9 — Orchard, garden,
poultry, cows, comfortable home. Address
ilANZANA FARM, Redwood,, City.
THE GRASS WIDOWS HAIR
Is red. Xot all grass widows
are so blessed — or cursed but
one, Uie particular one whose
portrait by Bryson will be given
you with the next Sunday
CALU. She evidently lias tem-
perament and she certainly lias
beanty.
HER POCTIXG RED Lips
and her saucily lifted head indi-
cate n disposition that must at
all times Itave made the man In
her case her slave, and yet she
has that grace, Uiat fineness of
figure, that allurincr perfect
taste In dress which attracts
and even holds devotion. Her
train of admirer* is endlexs.
Highland
Spripgs
Kas More Slitinctlve Point* That Ap-
peal to Those Crolajr to tht Ooutry
Than Any Other Reiort.
THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS: the many amusements —
dancing, swlmralnjr. tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, Bhuffleboard, etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; tho shady grounds •, electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy; livery stable, etc., prove this.
Terms. $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 688 Market St.,
or CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Spring!, late Co, CaL
Agua Caliente
Springs
! We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot: open all the
I year rcund; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
t San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
i Htajdnp; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
; asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
¦ different Hot Sulphur Spring-*; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day, $12 to $14 per week.
| Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck'*. 11 Montgomery st.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
Don't stick" to your desk
all summer. Spend a
! week or so at
AETNA SPRINGS
You owe it to yourself
\ and your work will show
£ for it. Just send for book-
let. AETNA SPRINGS
CO., Napa* County, CaL
Santa Gatalina Island
'¦iV z Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole,
Modern !n all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 11
Montgomery 8 t.. or BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Spring st., Los Anireles.
MARK WEST
A lEEgm T'7 SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; $10 and $12 week. Office.- 833 Larkln
et.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 6. ".
nil n Oil Hot & Prings; on line South.
1 1 V 1 1 I 1 II rrn p *ciric; 2*& hours from
K I K I I !¦ Ean "^Isco. S trains
II I 111 daily: luxurious mineral
U 1*1 I U II and mu<1 baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market et.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WARNER, Byron,
Hot Sprint's. Cal
CAMP CURRY :
i Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
", Advertised by 4000 guests. .
YOSE/WITE :
T=3T .TTT=n
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAN, Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.,
or call on Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market, S. V.
X-..A. KIES
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MILES PBOM EOPLAHD.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Monatalai.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co.; 613 Market. B
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino County. ¦!
Natural electric watery, champagne baths.
Lovely, grounds; fishing and 'hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first claas.
j_2_ J. A. RKDEMEYEH. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room, telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowling, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Get booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
N. 8.S.S. TOCALOMA KtriaOo.
Bertrand Hotel: ' first-class accommodations;
special rates for families and parties; flrhlng,
hunting, boating, batnin*; beautiful ddh-es to
Bear Valley : telephone. JOSEPH K BER-
TRAND, or Bulletin Office, every Thursday, Z
to 4: p. m. ¦.
NORTH SKOXS HOTEL— On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations House
gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. ' MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marihal la. Maria County. Cal.
Grand waaaaaaa Ban<|
Elcctricaljs 2 Concerts
Display ;SNfiW3 Dafl y :
ISanta Cruzi
SjojiAsjuA Finest JuuuuutiS:
Plunge. Surf g ™f" 2 Firework.
knd Tub jo Datnmg o Wt(er Sport> -
Bath* jo On tllC 2 Roof Gardtn*
dancing £ CoflSt 5 Summer
B»a«lng«nd Jo 2 .Theatricals
Fine Salmon '« SOIllC- * Vaudeville
Plshlnj £ thhlg Si SpicUHIe.
UvilyDrivMJ* DoiM 2 •* •* '
Alrng the U _ii t t7l J Special R«t«»
Coaitand £ TW 3 &*K&
Thronjhlhe j* innc g During the
Redwoods TnTBToTtTToTf? Entire Season
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san Lu & 0I>!5P0 -
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obispo. Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for fSO.OO to $22.OO,«accordlng
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 9».«H> to 912.OU per week.
Scenic surroundings, free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
«hady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Ccttages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
> table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal
The most popular sanitary and health
resort in California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and zulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL RQWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMONE» — Santa Cru« County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trlckets from San Fraa-
d«co $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., S. F.. or to WILLIAM Q.
DODGE, Lessee.
Harbin Springs
Mcst desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic: wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. ¦ Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. office. $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishlag,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda . geyser In bathhouse, club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $io. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vtnzent's 223
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIG. Manager.
Soda Bay. Kelseyvllle P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
Ioiik. skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a 'dam in the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2. per day. $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS^
Beswlck, SIsklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 - Montgomery St.. or at J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
..^.—i —s^k Menlo Park. ; one hour from
I! II I IT JO clt y- Xlno trains dally. Per-
¦ilfll I I .\ fcct climate; beautiful place;
II Ul I I V comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address •W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Boltt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; do
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetabla
garden: hot, cold baths; spring water; cement i
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stags
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa, CaL
JOHANNISBBRG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
Ir.g; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery at.
|pipis|iJ TENTS
KL^^M' Awning*. Hammocks,
&fls£z9DKd&£&3 W. A. PLTJMMEB,
Tel. Main 641). Ill Clay st.
EO FOE CAMP MEEKER! VZW ENGLAND H0MS1
Located In a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowline; and tennis, boating and Lath-
Ing, pavilions with . pianos. • fresh fruits ' In
plenty. Board and lodging, only $6 to $7 er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend, and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City,"
CsJ
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
They toil and labor and struggle.
AND NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those re-
siding in this vicinity, when right
at their door lies the playground,
quickly and cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally
give up the daily grind,
DO NOT make your wife and chil-
dren continually walk the treadmill.
AT LEAST give them a chance for
a little change of air that will bring
some color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will lind time to
visit them over Sunday.
AND FORGET yourself as your
children poke grass down your
neck, and in your nose and eyes
and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp.
BREAK AWAY and give your fam-
ily a chance to get acquainted with
you,
AND CALL or write for
VACATION 1904
A book of 160 pages issued by the
California Northwestern Railway
Company (The Picturesque Route of
California), giving Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts
and a long list of Country Home3
where board for the Summer can be
' secured at from $7.00 per week up.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St. (Chroni-
cle Build ins) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Litet
Building, Sansome and California Sts..
San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN'. Gen'l Pass. Agt.
tyir i\ /»/»O HOT springs. soNOiiA
OA/ll7c7U COCNTT. cnf7 4'/i hour*
w«m*s www from gan j^jjj.,^ and
¦"¦" but 9 miles, staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hct mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGS
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon sta??*.
round trip from San Francisco only $3 50. Taks
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p m.
Rates %2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine y-ars. Patronage o?
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist la-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery «t.. or of
J. F. MU1XIKEW. Sicaggs. CaL
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomaca. liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
SEIGLER sp"i°nt$s
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming pond, orchestra Fare $3 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to fl3
per week. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAN. prop.. S«lgler. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to th*
moet picturesque portion of California. B«st
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calis-
toga dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m .
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard An-
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and O!en ¦
brook; half hour for lunch at'Calistoga: also to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvtll* and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANT
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnisn
the best music ev?r played at any resort la
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EUGAll
DURNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING.*
STACK LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lak*pnrt
and Bartlett Springs. States connect win
trains at Hottland. Lrav« Hopl&cd at 12:30.
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-passenser
tourist wagons, with all the roost modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakepcrt or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprrn?*
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofrlc*
of California N. . W. Ry.. C50 Market «u. or
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Prop*.
KETTTBJX LIJnT. SEPTEMBER 30. 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TXBT7RO17 PERSY.
Ticket Offlce, 650 Market st. (Chroaicl*
building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
gt. General Office. Mutual Life Building. Saa-
porr.e and California sts.. San Francisco
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Hotel del Cazadero— Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing.
boating,- dancing, livery stable; first-class
board. Sansalito ferry: round trip. $3 75. good
six months. Rates, K day, 1 10 to $14 week;
reduced rates by the month. Villa lots for sale.
J. J. THIRION. Prop., Cazadero, Sonoma Co..
CbI.. cr North Shore Railroad. 62S Market st.
OWN In mountains CAM?
STOMSB HOME of Sonoma Co. MEISIB
Pure water, equable climate, lit* selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $20 up; depot;
stores; restaurant: hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill: 9CO lots sold; 30O cottages
built. -Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R M. C-
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma. County.
OCCIDE1TTAX. EOTXL, HATWABDS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. OAUDARD, Prop.;
phone Black 14L
GRAND CHJiTlEAT. EOTXL, Guern*-
vllle. CaL — New management: thoroughly r«-
fltted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fisher*. Rates $8 and $10 a week. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Guernevllle. Cal.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoeds 6 miles from Santa Crus, Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table: -dally mall;
free conveyance; $7 week: phone Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. CaL
BCaAEPEE-S OB0TE- KOSS TAUBT.
Private boarding r terms reasonable. Teaoa
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MRx
MATT. LINDSAY. P.oo, Station.
XXV2B8XDS HOTXI. and COTTAGES
—Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; sp*>
eial rates to families: write for booklet. F.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux.
BEXAinrcrs HOTEL. El Vexano, So-
norna Co.. Cal Terms* $1 day and up: hot
mineral springs near by. Long distance tal«-
phona; daily mall. JOHN SKRRES. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cruz Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Gibbs. r«i,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weeklr
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States oc Canada caa rear tor tL
90«taf • Jiaia.'^ - — - _ **•
Springs.
OPEir STZBT OAT IN THE TEAS.
TO WHOM IT; MAT CONCERN: A year and
inree 'months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
Balance, stand.- or even sit down, entirely lost,
xwo - best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Sprlnp, Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach., bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
if™- of ttoin *ch. head and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles became
chronic. At tJmes my heart would beat like a
arum, my -eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
"'nerves wrecked. Three months aso I wtnt
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took tha . baths— after three weeks' treatment
J*?" 5 ** 11 -. bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
red condition. - eyesight perfect, nervousness
sone, memory ffood. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
•nd up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dreid disease, now walk with slight limp.
Hat* run stores In seventeen towns ©f the
State of California: am well known In down-
town .districts of. San Francisco: Inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
mo«ths > ago.. Farther Information, address
I.OIJIS JACOBS. 0 Stockton st.. San Francisco.
We hare hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send. Bpc In stamps for bottle of
etotnaeh and catarrh Salts. Round- trip tickets
at redbeed. rates. . Southern Facing. ¦
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
.... •" ¦ Ttxocmkn. Cal.
{ \ ¥iii€flrBL'^l§k
§| y uoso I
IB Situated In Vendeme Fark-«f 12 H
1 11 acres, a 'charming summer resort: H
la both c1t> " and country advantages; g
¦ H : automobile garage on the grounds H
B9 free -to guests. Bathing pavilion. H
Vj bowling alleys, tennis, etc. New R-»
j( ' auto road map of the *<^ri»
H county mailed on ap- _«_S>j£§«ici^
f| j. t"brooks, tx'^^^^^bi
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? \ NEW MANAGE-
MENT—GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
MTD-R. O. O. O'DOITOTEJT-jXj'S
IXEKAJL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
..the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 48
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& .N. P...R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boat*, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office
1021V. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
Francisco.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The olace to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 CO a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management; no staging: depot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 week; table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Moptgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS, Lytton Spring*. Sonoma County. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern Improvements: large treatment rooms;
ideal location: BVi acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose. Cat
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. rn.
THE TALLAC, LAKB CA T L AH0B -
Cafe European. • Nurse?, maids and children.
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
. M. LAWRENCE St. CO.
B R OCKWAY
- Lake Tahoe,
OPEN3 JUNE 1st.
' Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
¦ Brock way, CaL
XVaiOOV PABK-A delightful resort
oa shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Beats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates (2 a day or
f>-om $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cat.
IAKB SHOSr HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $5 up. 1st -class board, milk
and' cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
. — — _ |
T1FPP PiDFIWW and cottages; « nallss from
HECK rAHlV Iflfl LaKe /Tahoe: open June 1;
elevation CS07 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The leading hotel.' Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Bummer I
and winter resort- Meal station for pass-*n- !
gera. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber, i CamDbell Hot ' Springs and SierravilU.
STEWART McKAY. proprietor. ¦
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: IS miles from Truckee. in aa unbroken
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office, 30 Montgomery st.. Peck's Information
Bureau.. or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
CAMPBELL HOT - SPIUITOS,
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra County
50C0 feet j elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of ¦ the great Sierra Valley. 30
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A.
specialty Is made of the table. The hot springs I
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Hates for room and board.
$11 to. $12 per .week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs via Boca. $14 SO. Stage
daily except Sunday, connecting with, lam,
1 trala from s«a Francisco,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JULY 7, 190V. ,
16
BUSINESS CHANCES — Cni ££j£*X~
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all klnda of business chances.
FOR — sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for ;
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate VI
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to eo Eaet; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. : '
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays 540 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or buslnexE. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $!H> to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
rull Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON &: CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange— Lot. 23x125, v.ith cottage.
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks, everything firM-class: on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. P.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$1250 CASH cr security — Established grocery
and liquors; splendid location; 4 living-rooms;
good stock and trade. 535 Castro st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED" cigar~etore; must be
sold at once: cheap rent; leas?. Box 1226.
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — To buy a grocery, either with or
without bar; one that will F.tan'l close in-
vestigation. Address box 1 40*-'. Cull.
FOR SALE— Hctel in Paso Roblcs. furnished
complete .and paying a good profit. Address
for particulars, box »tiS9, Call office.
I TEA and coffee route in San FranciEco for
sale; a gcod clafs of customers and good
profit. Box 2000, Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean slock of goods; average business, $31 00
per day. Box 14C3, Call office.
CANDY and notion store for sale In Ala-
rr.eda; close to public school; good trade.
Address box 1 IK), Call office.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place: will pay $90 a month; price* $25O. G32
Market, room 6.
FOR rale— Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
600 Third st., S.W. cor. Bryaut; ho agents.
FOR eale — Delicatessen lunchroom; good trade;
fine location for meals. 41o Ninth st.
FOR sale — Cijrar stand; good location. Inquire
102 Sixth st.
FOR SALE — A good paying hotel In Hay-
wards. Box 3575. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery store In East Oakland.
Dcx 2C!»7. Call office.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average $22 daily. Box 1482, Call office.
GROCERY store in Oakland for sale; good lo-
cation. Particulars box 1404. Call office.
', $:;C0 — DAIRY and delicacy store, with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon making; good
opportunity. , 1329 Mission st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at iOcy Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES roll SALK.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2iiO per month; If ma
transient cati clear J.'Soo to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city; price $3200.
90-roorn new modern 2 and 3 rbom apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped in city : 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account ot sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $.'J50.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house : has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house: other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
IS rooms: rent enly $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
12tJ rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lirhts; long lease : clears $4fK> to $5o<> per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $(U)0; at bargain i? sold «t once; $;{00.
C5 rooms: l>est downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; evers--
thlng flrst-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda I or Berkeley property or ranch
in Cclifornla; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness: must nell; snap; $700.
12S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; v.ell furnished;
clearing $500 to Sfioo per -month;, must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms: cheap rent* flrst-class. up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $3C0 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears ?400 por month: S4O00 dov.n, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease, paying $50O to $000 per month:
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
2* rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-house?
and business for exohanqo or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t. t
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst' bids., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tt-i. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
Eleven rooms; brand new furnishings; house
Just painted, inside and out. and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable; good downtown
location; bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
Twelve rooms, on Post et. ; splendid location;
house Is like private home; large yard; offered
very cheap if sold soon; see this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Seme good houses, large and small, for
exchange.
Office hulldlnfc; all rented: clears $90 mtrnth;
very expensively furnished; everything new; 3-
year lease; for the same money no . piece of I
real estate In Fan Francisco would return one- j
half the Interest this chattel property will
yield. MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest 80-room apartment-house In
San Francisco; every room light and sunny:
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished;
everything of the best; long lease; cheapest
L rcnt in the city for house of similar character;
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
If bo get full particulars at office of one of
the best 40-room transient* bouses In . S. F. :
located In heart of moat respectable transient
district: you are sure to make $200 to $300
net profit monthly and $3250 is all we ask.
LOOK AT THIS.
18 rooms; fine double bay-window house; well
furnished; clearing $60 per month; price only
$G00; actually worth and should sell for $1000.
130-room hotel: 9-year-lease >a.t only $5 per
room; new and modern In every detail; ele-
gantly and substantially furnished; monthly
profits average over $500; buy now and be pre-
pared to take care of the great crowds that are
sure to winter here.
CALL at our office; 1000 hotels and lodging-'
bouses to select from; we guarantee titles.
MARION GRIFFIN. '
AGENTS wanted to Mil cur hlRh-grade nur-
e«"ry «tock; liberal commits Ion; cash advance!
on. orders: outfit free; experience and capital
not ntce*eary If you have pu?h and cnerRV?
a few choice fields Ftill open; write before
assigned.^ Chlco Nursery Co.," Chlco, Cal.
ACJEXTS wanted to sell the most useful art!ci«-:
big money in it; a great Jailer; send for
agents' circulars. Addrere S. A. KICIIMONL>,
1224 Ilalsht et.. San Francisco.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
1 a decided improvement on building and loan
it worth having. Great Western lmprove-
_ ment Company, Parrott building.
DETKCTIVES throughout State as agents for
Golden Gate Detective Agency. *.*>!> Market Et.
ATTOUXEYS-AT-LAW.
oT^Vrr^OWET^22"MARKET ST^
Tel. Jeg*le 4711. Establish fd 22 years. Advice
freo on all lecal issuers; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay In advance; mining com-
panies organized; patents obtained; wills, deeds,
collections; detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th ftoor: entrance room Cll; established 15
years; all cases, general court and of flee
practice; no fee In advance cr for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Re.d 3001.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.. 13
yrs. practice: refs. from many thousands ot
soldiers, pallors, widows and orphans en Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law bu&lnesc; no charge unless suc-
ce?eful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cc*ts $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; - office
oren Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
U S CLARK. 927 Market st.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
- ACTOMOBILES,
WHITE touring car. used a few weeks; com-
plete top, clocks, gas lamp.*, etc.; must be
sold; owner leaving. Apply 013 16th. Oakland.
FOR eale — CADILLAC: seats four: canopy top;
perfect condition. Box .'5:111, Call office.
AKTOMOBILE for rale (Dos a l>m<); *oorl run-
ning condition. Box 1411. Call office.
AN auto car, 8 h. p.. for (tale; first-class or-
der. Box S576, Call office.
THOMAS tonneau car igaBolirie) for pale. Box
2C13. Call office. ,
FOR SALE— A Crest mobile. 1904 (gasoline).
Bex 1475. Call office.
FOR SALE — A gasoline runabout. Box 1492.
Call office.
KNOX automobile for sale; good running or-
der. Box 2C90. Call office.
ASTHMA BEMED T.
A. Di Kola's Asthma Remedy relieves ln«tant-
iy: 10c. 25o.. fjQc. '1602 Market. St. NMchola5»,
BOOKS.
DALT & CCRRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 200 Powell Ft., to S.17 Geary st.
|tiUSIKES8 CHANCES.
A— $1000; SALOON in the Potrero, with~6
rooms; rent place established many years;
good buslneEs; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKL, 2ti>4 Kearny st.
A— $S00: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses: no night or
Sunday work. It. G. WILKE, 2tiVi Kearny.
A— *45OO: SALOON, located In Watson ville ;
rent $47 W; H years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. <J. VVILKE 20^j
Kearny st.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
town SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel busineES tn the Interior. Call R G.
WILKE, 2U4 Kearny »t.
A— $0500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $.'!(»; 5 years* lease; value In
sight; cn» of the best offers in Santa Crui
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2CHi
Kearny st.
A— $050; SALOON, with 8 rooms. In West
Berkley; rent ?2O; location nrst-clatss; full
value In sight. See It. G. WILKE. 2«V4
Kearny st.
A— $22o<); PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner ealoons in this city;
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
A— $.1000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
larce. stock; loase; net rent ?."!5: location
first-class and a fine paying business: will
etar.d fullest Investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«"j Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON, vicinity Market. EII(s and
Stockton sts.; rent SIM: lease; place estab-
lished years: firM-claps business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny St.
A — $11,000; BARROOM; own.-r never* clears
leas than ?1000 per month: location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE
26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $17C0; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and ?>U rooms: piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion aorofs the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 20V4
Keayy rt. ¦ .¦ r. ,
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location- 3-year
lease; rent $75; net r*nt $23; fine busings*;
elegant fixtures: choicest stock of wlne«,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26>,« Kearny.
A— ?*50; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall;
6 -year lease: splendid business opening. See
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $3.V)0; CORNER Ealoon; close to Sutter St.;
place estab. years: doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115: not rent $4S; elegant
_fixtures._S(?e R. G. WILKE. 20 Vt Kearny st_
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! RoadhouseT Road"
house! With l.'J furnished rooms; rent $J0;
lease: a flrst-class paying resort.* See R. G.
WILKE. 26»£ K.arny et.
A— $'5500— ELEGANT barroom, with merean -
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinltv of
California; place must be sacrificed ori ac-
count of HI health of owner. See R ? G.
WILKE. 'MVt Kearny st. '
A— $450; BARBER shop: 3 chairs; best loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R G
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $C00; CHOrHOUSE and coffee raloon. opp.
cabl* house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clear? about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE 20'4
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
good furniture; lease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25-
gocd paying place. R. G. Wllke. 28i£ Kearny.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In- •
tome cf $30 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present '.nt-ome can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 10C7H
Market rt., room 1.
$>C10 — CANDY and Icecream store; mor* than
$1CTiO. stock; al*o factory: fin<» location- $15
daiiy receipts. Inquire 1007H Market st., r. 1.
$750— BRANCH bakery. • delicacy, candy and
notion store: 4 nice living rooms und yard'
receipts >1.0 d. ; fine cash trade. 1007 «j Market
$900 — BEST paying delicatessen store in liveli-
est part of city; daily receipts $40; will stay
to teach business; value | n night. MER.
CHANTS' AGENCY. IOCS H Market «t.
$375— RESTAURANT and cafT seating 45~-
plrnty tableware. Fr*nch range. 2 gas etoves'
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market st!
$27&— BRANCH bakery and notion store; good
location; good business; 4 living rooms; rent
$15. Merchants' Agency. 10C8H Market Et.
HERE Is a chance to melee money at hcrnT;
»nd $2 to R. H. STUART, 415 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland, and learn how to make mlr.
rorg (looking-glass), bore holes In glass, cut
glass in any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; rlRht in your own town; this is a
money-maker; satisfaction guaranteed.
$2 J0O— PARTNER; must be respectable and
sober; good business; wholesale butter eggs
and cheese route: Falee*$150 a day; give ref-
erence and what you have been doing: win
give trial. Address box 3204. Call office.
GROCERY store, well stocked and everything
complete for a flrst-class grocery business-
will sell low and on terms to suit on ac-
count of retiring from business. Address
box 1436. Call office.
FOR SALK — A fine hotel business with bar*
at a good point on the- railroad in SUklyou
County: the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars address box 14D3, Call office,
$450— GOOD paying saloon in large town near
the city; reason for selling, going. to Eurooe
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny tt.
$1450— HOTEL and bar; best town In Cal • 22
rooms; dining-room; 32 steady boarders- posi-
tively clears $150 monthly. COAST, « Turk st.
STOCK an4 fixtures of a flrst-claSs millinery
store for «ale. Apply on premises. 115 Stock-
ton St., city. • .
FREE | 1 A Most Usefuf Noveftu |, fFRE£
liouseWd, Sportino and Professional
p ATiin Tim:
f**\ Housewives' Aid in keeping These Scales are in demand /^ =5^
I I tab on the Butcher, Baker, //\\ *k -?cry popular with (jf j)
Vj/ Grocer, Fruit and Vegetable \l )) physicians for weighing 0
'"ii wrAT^xxT-r.™ fill "NO* FAMILY SHOULD BE ' M
zM WARRANTED jjpT WITHOUT ONE/' \m
jfl ACCURATE fir ;|1
If ;J3v- No Fishing Outfit is complete 'sj|'
W rw 1 ,t> t ..r „ ?££! without one of the Pelouze ;|5
%> Made of Brass, beautifully 3asS N . . « pt f c.^. **
if HT' f f TJf t J NTi» I'dL.litl"! 1<11CU tJCalCo* JJJT
Half Actual Size Actual Sizo. Half Actual Size.
In keeping with its usual enterprise, THE CALL engaged the celebrated Pelouze Scale
Company of Chicago to manufacture a special lot of these useful household and sporting
scales, especially for the use of its "WANT AD." patrons, and on* Thursday, Friday and
Saturday of this week every one bringing a WANT ADVERTISEMENT for insertion in
next Sunday's CALL will receive one of these useful little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at 40c apiece and cannot be purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will readily realize that THE CALL is not only issuing the best pre-
miums ever offered by a newspaper, but is giving them a series of useful articles that can-
not be purchased locally for three and often four times the actual cost of thetr little WANT
ADVERTISEMENT. This concession alone should be a big inducement to insert your
ad. in this paper, not to mention any'...ing of the big returns advertisers receive from adver-
tisements placed with THE CALL. •
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
I 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ra.
; 300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until *J:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 'Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 8 p.m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
_ >\\ 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. — "'¦ —
1 Northeast corner Church and, Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m.
, A Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 8 p. ra.
• ' "2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
I BERKELEY OFFICE: "
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park Street
K31 FLOV.Mir.VT WANTED FKMALK.
DT:i:S3MTKnRTcoaT^irKrsuTt maker, ladles*
tailor: street suits and evening gowns; only
flrst-clasft work done; engagements by th*
day. $2 SO. MIS3 CARS 3. Sherman House,
2H Eighth st.
HOUSEWORK by r.eat. refined. eld««rly Ameri-
can woman; good cook; fond of children; c»-
l>able entire wcrk of small family; references;
wages $12 to $15. 232 Minna st.
A GOOD responsible housekeeper with child
T> months old wishes situation; country pre-
ferred. S3S Stockton »t.
COMPETENT woman wants position at cook-
lr-g and general housework; good reference.
Call 70 Minna, st.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes
housekeeper's position or cooking. MRS. F.
B-. UMO'.i Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by tho
day. 34 Eleventh st.. near Market.
A COMPETENT middle-aged woman wouU
like worklns housekeeper's place. 23% 6th.
WA.NT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
E3XFLOY3IENT WASTED — WALK.
A HIGH-CLASS specialty salesman In foci
products and groceries desires to nuke a
connection with a thoroughly responsthl*
bouse; has a Eurrjwan and Oriental experi-
ence. Box 3140, Call office.
EOBER. reliable man desires steady place do-
ing chores around place; understands porter
work and is very gocd with horses; can milk.
Bex 21S3, Cal! branch. 22UO Fillmore tn.
A POSITION aj» collector ar.fl dollcltlng agent
on a salary; experience and gcoU jyiisrences.
Box 3141. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, 23 years oM: willing to do
any kind of office work; good references.
Box 3143,, Call office.
WHEELWIUGHT and seneral woodworker
wants work; has full set of tooU; city or
country. Box 5141, Call office.
VERY handy mechanical man Is In need of em-
ployment at once; one that fail get there;
piece work preferred. "BISH." box oils. Call
YOUNG man, 2t, wants work a.« d!hhwa»h»r;
city cr resorts. Adtlresa box oillG, Call of fie--.
NON-rN'IC.V lathing. SOS GoTden data a\e.
A YOL'Nti man who is Just through with his
business course wants a position as eth-
nographer: can rpeak two foreign languages:
liquor and tobacco concern* please don't
write. Box 3 4 XU>. Call office.
A YOUNG man, acquainted «;th railroad anJ
clerical work In general,. ri,i>l at figures,
legible penman, desires position of any kind.
Box SSI, Call office.
AN all-round cabinetmaker, sober and reliable,
desires a steady position in hotel, store or
kindred establishment to do repairing, etc.
Box ai47. Call.
KIMtSE fmal») requires position; graduate
training school; ti years' experience ment.-il
cases; Erst-class references. DURHAM, 12^0
Market st. •
POSITION wanted — Flrst-class man with
horses, do garden work, milk, general man
about. place; reference. Box 3213. Call office.
BARBER, young man, sober, wants short-hour
J-.'b. Box ."200. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook in
family; single. 7;i5 Jackson st.
Painter, paper-hanger, sign writer, wants work:
tools fur. 1272 Fclsora st. ; phone Mint 131.
A JAPANESE wants any kind of a position In
city In afternoon betwten 0 and 8 o'clock.
M NAGAI. 8UJ Sacramento St.. tel. James
< t z-i'ci.
JAPANESE couple want position, man as cook,
wife for general housework; wages $55 and
up. F. FUJII, 5T.9 Stevenson st.
A JAPANESE good honest boy wants a posi-
tion as achoolboy in city. YAMAMOTO. car*
Japanese MUslon. 132a Pine st.
A JAPANESE couple want places: man as
plain cook; wife do housework or wait on
table; wage* $35 up mo. 11. M.. 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position in
small family: gocd cook; best reference.
T. Y.. 258 O'Farrell st.
JAFANESE. good boy. wants position: any kind
work. or hair days;good cook.Call 1028 Larkln.
CHINESE, flrst-class French cook: hotel,
boarding-house or family. YAN ON, 837 Sac-
ramento st.
JAPANESE school boy wants a position In
small family: gocd cook; best references.
T. Y.. 230 O'Farrell St.
A RELIABLE Japanese wants a position as
schoolboy; spe»k» English well; has good
reference. MORITA. 807 Polk st.
YOUNG Japanese gentle boy wishes sttuatlon.
housework : wages $6 a week. Address YAMA.
2106 Flllmore st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as a
houseworker. Japanese Mission Home, 22
Prospect place, city: tel. Jones 139L
A JAPANESE young man wishes a position for
morning work. Address A. H.. 41SA Post st.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for garden ami
horse In country. M. M.. 725 Geary St.. S. F.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position. H.
F.. 031 Sacramento st^
JAPANESE wants work, morning or evening. 8
Pratt place, off California st.. city.
JAPANESE bey wants to care for garden and
horsa in country. M. M., 725 Geary St.. S. F.
YOUNG Chinese boy wants position to do
kitchen work. 744 Washington st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subecrlptlons has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 10OO
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; w« never fall: service* free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; tt will save you tun* and
trouble. Cordes Furnituro Co.. 245-2C&
Geary st.. on tha square.
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new Bat; sunny corner:
S rooms and bath-, all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars.
NEW corner flats, close to park; 9 rooms;
bath: tinted; all sunny. $27 5i>. B st. and
Fourth ave.
NINETEENTH. 3833— "3 sunny flats to let; I
room* and bath. J22 50; 5 rooms and bath,
$23; key at premises.
$12 95 — FOUR sunny rooms. 133 Try are., near
Van Ness ave. and Hayes st.
FRANKLIN, 721. near G. G. »v«. — Sunny fur-
nished front room: all conveniences; for2.J12.
JUNIPER, 37. bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folsom — 4 newly cleaned rooms; $12.
BROADWAY. 1255, near Hyde — Neat sunny
fiats. 3 l«rg« room*. $11.
FELL. 3S2. near Octavla — Modern sunny lower
flat. 5 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1124. corner— 7 rooms, all light
and large; modern; upper stcry; rent $40.
LARGEST list of houses and flata to Irt. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 118 McniKomery st.
FLATSTO LET FCIt.YISHED.
HA1GHT. 129S. Buena Vl^aT^T'centrariivJC
— Elegantly furnished flata; also unfurnished;
hcuse has all conveniences and is situated in
select neighborhood.
FURNISHED Cat of 7 rooms to rent. 1730
Sutter st.; tel. Baker 1671.
CAPP, 614 — 5 sunny desirable rooms: gas and
coal range: piano. «
FLATS FOIl SALE—FlltMSHED.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; bargain.
Box 3233. Call office. ¦
FOR SALE— Furnished flat of T rooms and
bath: down town. Box 1427. Call office.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale: nearly
new: rent $27 30. Pox 3530. Call office.
yiKXITURB WAXTEP.
ABE LEVT. ~~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Je»»t» 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHA3. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carp«ts.«te. 782 Mission; teL Busa 413.
srmiTVALisaf.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c. 010 McAllister; private readings dally.
7C0 Central ave., Seventh-st. stat., Alameda.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock, SI. 1CSJ Bush st.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2080 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 120rt Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIM. VOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He Is no imitator. His wcrk Is upon original
lines: Pure thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works in the
open light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading Is not a life reading; when
you call on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test Is of little
value; when the mind Is troubled you need
more substantial aid and advice; this Is Just
what Prof. Livingstone gives ycu when you call
on him for a flrst-class clairvoyant reading.
- He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you, and of the schemes of
your enemies, that you may meet with better
•uccess?
He does not mention all the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you.
find tha cause of the trouble and suggest the
remedy.
His only reason for giving your name In full
or any Important Information you may desire
Is that he does this incidentally as a chain to
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 428 EDDY ST.;
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS, 10 A. M. to 8. P. M.
AA— Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
f AUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall. to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your conJition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved cne, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a, m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
¦ nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; .valuable advice. In
.¦ all affairs of life: 25c up: ¦ satisfaction g-uar-
• anteed: open Sundays. Tel. BInck 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle. S30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
I what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hcurs 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian peeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 8 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.O.Q.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— Mme. .Ravenna reads Ufa; business advice;
names given: 25c up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MME. MARSEAU. e"ard~reader; ladles 25c.
gents 50c. MS Minna st. '
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
: er: tea leaves; 25o up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS' WARD. . clairvoyant, . gives names, dates
and facts; readings daily. 017 Market st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tings daily. 44 4 H Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
ri,*Ji? VO VASTS— Confirmed.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellla it.
COI.I.ECT1OCT OrPICEO.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main S3S0.
... COTTAGES TO LET.
$22 0(1 — S ROOMS and bath; furnished or un-
furnished. 137 Julian ave.. off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRE3. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined course, $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day. evening. Bancroft bids.. 723
Market st.
A BIGGER sc.iool than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than alf other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day. ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. CoL with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSIJ/ESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines * Electridty.2* Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Sjeclal catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults, Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to B; prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall, 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. rain., mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, bookkeeplng.shorthand;
day. eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher, 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market st.. opsosltt Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~
A — JAPANESE and Chinese emploVment^orOci
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURAy 83« Sacramento. Tel. James 52U1.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chines; help. 426 Powell ft; tel. Main B732.
CHINESE Employment Offlce-^Best hein~at
Leon Seung's. 411^4 O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-Chlnesie Em p. Office. 415 Stockton -
best help. Friti Tamagakl.mgr.: tel Bush 85s>.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 vears
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO . ftfO Clay!
EMPLOYMENT WA^TEP~giMALg.
REFINED and capable woman of good~edu"-
catlon wishes position as mother's helper or
Bo°x k> B, s 3 h^H k , e ;i: r ,t sood 8<>wer; "*—•
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper in refined home of not more than two;
good home main consideration; town or coun-
try. Box 3207. Call office.
RELIABLE woman. wishes work by the day;
• washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 HO and car-
fare. Address box 32C3, Call office.
A GERMAN girl wishes a position as cook; $30.
450 Polk st,-.?.'
A YOUNO. nice Japanese girl wishes situation
to do general housework In the city. Ad-
dress SH1GEMOTO, 411 Stevenson at.
¦TTlSjIlillilMll'liirllii Mil I —Miiiiaimim i . . s-.av, ,f, , t ... ...
!,(llu;i\<; HOliSKH I'OH »,\!.K— (on.
THIRTY rooms,, nicely furnished, leaser, $3500
'M rooms", all ~men roomerp. low rent.. 1C(K>
llli rooms, low ront. country transient. 5ixX>
31 rooms, rent only $o5 M)0
| 40 room?, r«nt $7o. transient l.loo
81 rooms, rent ?:{ per room 34l>0
Hotels and r;adhcuse and all kinds of busl-
nefs sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL £ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A— $.'.000- LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms: kept
by f,wner 25 ye.irs; rent |2C0; lease; fine fur-
niture; place' clearing above $."J0 per month;
vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box 27CO.
Call office. ¦
MITCHELL &>CO.. 120(5 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try
MITCHELL & CO.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent: steady and
transient trade; my failing health only cause
of selling; Investigation desired. Box 2090.
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE $2.".O; rent ?20 month; S3
rooms; kept by present owner 5 years; must
pell on account of sicknef<s». 439 JackHpn st.
LODGING-HOUSE. IS rooms, for sale; pays
$75 per month over expenses; full all the
time. Box 2C63, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 27 rooms; all
light and sunny: fine location: rent $110.
Box U12. Call office.
GOOD paying lodging-houae. 32 rooms, for
sale: low rent. Box 358 1; Call of flee.
CAHPET IHCATING AND CLKA3V1NG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., ilCS Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth st. — Klrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison »t.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating AVorks",
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 219.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
. CLOTHING BEWOVAT1WO. .
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March*. 40 *ElIls St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
OTJJtHS BTIVTUSE.'
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 120H Market st. ; send for circular.
j§
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings. 60c:
plates. S5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental 1-arlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, J443 Market.nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates arc
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from SS per get; extracting 00c; gas given.
DR. KNOX dentist, now. located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market. 2d floor: all
first-clasB dentistry at low. prices, t
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 CO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c
ALL work warranted by the New. York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 039 Mission. Cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. rl 4, 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 808 Market; cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD , fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, , $2; no
pain; open Sundays. - Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
DKKSSMAKKUS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cnt to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
-. art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.'
JOHX D. SPRECIvEI^S Proprietor
Address CornniunlcaUons to
JOHN" McyACGHT. ....... .Manager
\V. J. 31ARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALU The Operator Will Con-
n«ct You With the -Dep»rtnient You Wlsa.
rubilcation Office Market and Third. E. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per " 5
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 C *V.,..
Tertr.s ty Mall. Including Postage (Cash "IIB
Order): „
!>ATLY CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 year... M. TO
PAILY CALL linclud. Eund»y). fl mos... 4 ; w
UAILY CALI By Single Month ••>«
fcL'NDAY CALL. 1 Year f-**?
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year V , .
1r>i<iv ikko Per Year Extra
Sunday 4 13 Per Year Extra
wJellv. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL rOPTMASTERR ARE Al'THORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fitnpl« Copies will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail njt'Crtbers In orderlr.r change of_ ad-
dress should b* particular to gtt-e both M.w
AMI OLD ADDRESS in crder to insure a
rrorr.pt and corrtct compliance with their re-
«uert.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
ICie Broadw.y Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl*% Center Street Telephone North ••
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
FAUCEL W. WALI Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
fnlon Square; Murray Hilt Hotel; Fifth-sve-
i r Hotel and HoCman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrran House: P. O. News Co.: Great
.Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNE:sS..Marquette Building
iLcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.'")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CaTRLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
Corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100*; Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
II p. m.
ft27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. in.
»-"f> McAllister street; open until »:3O p. tn.
CIS L^rkin street, open until 8:30 p. ra.
1941 M >¦!•'¦. -T. etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
52^1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open until
8 p. tn.
I0« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1CJHS Valencia etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest coraer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until ft p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; op*n until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
A REGl*LAR meeting of Yerba Buena «ia»
Lodge cf Perfection No. I, A. and A. IT
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. wHl be JLk
held in Ccmmandery Ha!!. Masonic fty}.
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. t~ **^
July 7. 1903. at 8 o'clock. D«gree 14. Visit-
ing brethren cordially Invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R, A. M.— O
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Vjf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Royal A>rN
Arch degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILL-MAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING at 7:3rt o'clock. Stated Af\
meeting. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
LA PARFAITE Vnion Lodge Xo. 17, F. m
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. «Jv
July 8. 1904. at 8 i>. m. First de- /V\
gree. Bv order of the W. M.
P. ST. Jt'LLIEN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. fi
M— Stated mating THIS fTHURS- 'VV'
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'cli>ck. By
P order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. »
M. — Officers and members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of A. /VN
F. TIMBRE ATH, late a member of
Enterprise Lodge No. 70, from the Masonic
T*mple, THURSDAY, at 1 :30 p. m. Master
Masons, friends and relatives are cordially
invited. A. S. HUBUARI). Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. «
212. F. and A. M.. meets riil.S^fSr*
• THURSDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock />r\
for business and third degree. Mas-
ter Masons cordially Invited. By order of
the Master. E.C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21<1. F. and A. M. — m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) *^V
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order
of the Master.
frj^l GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ETARR KING Lod«re No. 344, F. and Q
• A. M.. 317 De vita aero Ft.— Stated *VV*
meeting THIS EVENING at 7:3<>
ftclock. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. It. I.
<• O. I-".— The officers and rr.em- ->^jS*ife_
br-rs :-.r> requested To at-f> rr.b!«- a ; :3 *??S>JP*'iiS
AW Greenwich ft. at 11 a. m. TO- ¦*^3Bw<^'
DAT for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our brother. A. F. F1MBREATH.
H. <:. MAD1OAA. .NoUie Grand.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. .y^siw.
IO. ¦ >. F.— Installation oi offir^rt? <^2^§&3BB£
TO-NIGHT. Th:- being the*-^«at?^?
fifty-ftr»t anniversary of the
lodge. It Is earnestly hojied that a good at-
tendance be present. By order of
WILLIAM R. DORR. N. G.
CHARLES A. WISEWELL. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lod«e No. 15T». I. O. O. v~2v*»
F. — Ir-vrf.ll:. tjr n o! officers THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING. J u 1 y ?*§[<£&&?
7. Lodge will convene at 7:3i> '^RjwSSS^'
o'clock *harp. All Odd Fellows cordially
welcomed. t A. W. MINAKER. N. G.
E. V. CULVER, Secretary.
SOUTHEP.N PACIFIC COMPANY office of
Secretary. New York. June 15. 1&O4. Notice
to stockholder*.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice Is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held called a special
n-.eetlr4t of the rtockhulders of «aid compasiy
to convene at the office of the company in •
Beechmont, Jefferson County, Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day cf July. lfrOj t
• t 11 o'clock a. m.. i-:andard time, to consider
end act ur>on resolutions to be brought before
them at Bald meeting in substantially the form
end to the effect following, viz:
"Resolved (J). that the capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be increased one i
hundred nrllirn dollars by issuing one million '¦
additional shares «>r the par value of one hun-
dred dollars each."
•Resolved (2). that the mid increased stock
ehall be preferred Mock; that the holders of
such preferred etock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each fiscal year at such rate not ex- I
ceedlag sev»n per cent per annum, payable
semi-annually out of the net profits as shall
be declared by the board of directors before
ary dividend shall be declared on the common
*tock; that such dividends shall b* non-cumu-
lative; that tho holders of such preferred stock
ehall not by virtu*: thereof b« entitled to any
other or further Fhare of the profits of the
company; that, upon the dl«*o!utlcn of the
ocmpaiy. voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred stock shall be entitled to have
Vheir shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of acy part of the assets of the com-
pany afcall be made to the holders of th- com-
mon fctock; that eald preferred stock shall be
issued and so(d from tin* to time to «u C h
amounts and m such manner as the board of
directors may authorise and determine, but
• t not lee» than the par value of the shares-
that it shall b« convertible Into common stock'
share for ehare. at the option of the holders'
at any time; and shall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time after
the Dm «Jsy of July. l!>03, and before the first
day of July. 191i>. at cne hundred and fifteen 1
dollars per ehare."
"Resolved (3). that the board of directors
eh*H be and they are hereby authored to es-
tablish, from time to time, and enforce all
•uch rules and regulations respecting the is-
eue. sale, redemption and conversion of such
«oek. not lnconsiMent herewith, as in the
Ju<^rment of the board mty be necetsary or
expedient."
For the purpose of such special meeting the
ftock transfer books of the company will be
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p tn and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1901, at io o'clock
a. m.
ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
ra*- 1 *. *»1 b« held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 18. 1904. «t 4 o'clock p m
when a board of trustees will be elected '
C B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
Y/^v w t s*~^s A TV T A T"^\ A TV T 1 — X y^"X TV T A T /^^\ ¥ T 1~^\ 1 \ 1 /*~ N \ fl~""*\ T~^\ 1 I' C^ WHEN YOUR
OI CAN ABANDON YOUR WORKIco wants—THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 190-1.
17
:^jr.*l. KbTATE — CfTl— KOH S.4I.U 1
EAST^>?r~ELDRIDQE~^CO~
CJS MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY . A . UCT . I .° N ;...JULY 12. 1904.
At Our Salesrooms, at 12 o'clock Noon. •
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS. j
Nos. 1236-S8-40 Wlllard st.. north of Carl:
key lot, 23xlC5 feet: 3 elegant new flats of
0-6-6 rooms and porcelain bath each; finished J
with beam celling patent combination electric I
1 and gas fixtures; rent $90 per month; mort-
gage of $0000 can remain.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
: SE. corner of Noe and Ford sts.; lot 2SxllO
feet; improvements consist of a residence of
11 rooms and bath; large stable and barn;
large yard tn connection; now belns us?d a3
a coal and wood yard; rent $70 per month.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
No. 116 Casell! ave.. off Douglass St.. bet.
; Eighteenth and Nineteenth; lot 23x104:5 feet;
improvements consist of a 4-room cottage, sta-
tionary wash trays, patent flush toilet, brick
foundation: mortgage $700.
M ST. AND 13TH AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of M st. S2 feet east cf
j Thirteenth ave. 25xlCt) feet each.
I MISSION COTTAGE.
• No. SIS Eureka St., south of Twentieth: lot
25x130 feet; cottage of & rooms and bath; new
I plumbing; porcelain roll top tubs; patent flush
toilet: basement planked; rented' for $20 per
month; beautiful garden
I RINGOLD ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 38 Ringold St.. east of Ninth, and be-
tween Harrison and Folsom: 25x75 feet; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; 7 foot driveway for wag-
on; plumbing in good order; basement 9 feet ,
high; rent $15 per month; mortgage $1000 at
1 6 per cent.
JONES -ST. CORNER.
KE. corner of Jones and Greenwich sts.: ex-
tremely large lot, 70:671 feet; Nos. 2202-t>4-
08-08; Improvements. 4 well-built 2-story base-
ment houses of 10 rooms and bath each: rent
low at $118 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 3735-37-39 Sacramento St., west of
Spruce; lot 27:txl32:7^ feet; Improvements
consist of 4 desirable flats of 4-4-5-5 rooms; i
modern plumbing; porcelain bath; flush toilets;
nickel -plated trimmings; modern In every re-
spect; excellent surroundings; rent 572 per
month; mortgage of $5000 can remain; title
guaranteed; sidewalk, patent concrete, streets
bltu_ inlzed; newly built.
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Nos. 760-62,-64 Sixth ave. north of D St.;
I lot 27x120 feet; Improvements consist of a 3-
: story building containing four separate flats
of 4-4-7-S rooms and bath; rents $76 per
month; mortgage of $4000 can remain.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. S4S Folsom St.. through to Clementina 1
St.; No. 343 lot 32:11x160 feet; Improvements
nominal; rents $30.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
19C6 Greenwich «t.. near Laguna; bandxome
1^3 -story cottage of 3 rooms and porcelain
bath; modern plumblcg.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE tc CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE t. CO.,
«38 MARKET ST.
$30.000— Howard at., near Sixth; 63 feet
frontage; stores and lodging-houses; rent $2OO
per month
$14,000— Rent $125; Improvements. 3- story
building. 2 Cats of 5-6 rooms and 4 new
stores; '"7 foot frontage; Gough St.. near
McAllister.
$12,500—3 flats on McAllister St.. near La-
guna; lot 27:6x120 feet; cottage on rear street;
rents $112 50. . •
$*600— 2 modern flats of 6-7 rocms; Elll* st.,
near Laguna; rent $C 50: very low.
$S500— Elegant residence. 7 rooms and por-
celain bath; large baaement. furnace, hard- '
wood floors, stationary tubs, etc. ; lot 124 foot
frontage on Stanyan St.. near Belgrave ave.:
mortgage of $tS300 can remain: this Is a per-
fect beauty; beautifully situated.
$S0CO— Fell st., near Franklin: 27:6x120 feet;
3-story house; 2 cottages on rear street.
$8000—3 new flats, « rooms and bath; elec-
tric lights; porcelain tubs, etc.; rents $72 50;
Church st
$7500— Folsom St.. through to Clementina:
ICO feet depth: Improvements old; rent $30;
positively the cheapest piece on the street.
$6250— Elegant 2-story high, cement base-
ment residence 10 rooms and bath; rented as S .
flats. $60 per month; Broderick st.
$6000 — Clay St., near Devlsadero: 2-story
basement residence, containing 7 room* and
bath: rent $40.
$5230— Clementina St.. near Fifth; 3 flats
of 5-6-6 rooms; rent $50; could easily be In-
creased. .
$3000— Liberty; St.. 2 cottages: positive bar-
gain.
$1900 — Cottage In the Mission: 4 rooms and
bath- large basement; stationary wash trays,
patent flush toilets brick foundation; rented
for $17 50 per month: terms, one- half cash.
A FEW MORE PICKUP S FOR THE FUTURE
IN BUILDING LOTS.
$75CO — NW corner of Bu*h st.. not far from
Buchanan; 55 foot frontage.
$1400 — Precita ave.. near Folsom st.
$350 each— 2 lots on 21st ave.. near A st.
$300 eacti — 2 lots on M st.. near 13th ave.
EASTON ELDRIDOE A CO..
63S Market st.
$1 23 PER week: no Interest; lots tn the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; ail level: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on: close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Callachan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$11.500 — THREE new modern 6-room Cats;
rent $1260 per annum; Frederick St.. bet.
Ashbury and Clayton. Apply J. H. KRU3E.
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of 8
rooms bath each; close to park; $6500; easy
• payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-S CrockT building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH *; MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
FOUR choice lots for sale: cheap for cash.
Apply 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE Country For Sal*.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards* Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues lent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «43
Market st •
FOR sale — A »-room residence In Redwood
City: mod. Imp. C CUSSEN. Redwood City.
REAL ESTATE WAMTED.
WANTED — To buy 10 acres near Petatuma.
Full particulars to Wm. Krbitiseh. Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fa.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station ,$23"0
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railrcad $200
Lot 40x135; mac; within li block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2tS0O
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1086 University av«..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x130; street work com-
plete; $T50 cash, balance $23 per month, in-
cluding principal and Interest at 8 per cent:
one block and a half from car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward
St.. near college and schools.
MORAN A SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
JTRUITVALE BKAt ESTATE.
FOR sale — $2750; it cost $3730; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. 8. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
Eaut Oakland. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. JOIC BROAD— 'AT.
OAKLAND REAL
$S00 CASH. $10 monthly: cottage of 4 rooms:
well, chicken-bouse, shed; 8 lots 100x215; all
fenced: young fruit trees; ground In cultiva-
tion; fine chicken ranch: lovely site; sandy
loam soil; school and electric cars near by;
new homes going up right along: firm marine
and landscape view: no fogs nor winds here;
Adjoining East Oakland: price tn all $1373;
Call or send for circular: 455 7th at., opp.
Broadway station, Oakland: carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Landowner.
OAKLAND FL'RMSHED MOUSE*.
WALSWORTU ave. 410— $33: modem, new;
rare chance. Apply at house..
OAKLAKD "MITP RE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains tn^farttTT
lux*. H.EcteI_aa A u_ sL,cor.stor»,Oak!iai
PEItSOXALS.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
* free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Mark^et.. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 2O years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
ceiJt no substitute. Star Kennedy CQ..133S l'&lk
A REPtrr ABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods: . correspondence solicited; strictly confl-
dcntial. Box 3^4. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, S23 Grant ave. Worst casos curej. |
"VITAL, ring'' produces healthy circulation,^!
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele. 1
etc.; easily worn: ?2 ZQ postpaid; physicians |
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. S.F. j
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also |
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Msrket st. V I
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50 t
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
I FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st-, near Powell.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
FRANK G. O'NEILL: 8end address to H. E.,
2tt46. Call office; something Important.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna reetores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room Sit.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs: !
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 MWt. I
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
halr to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
*
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th« Weekly Call.
If! pages, in wrapper, for -ta'.Itns;. $1 p«r year
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st.: phone Polk 4611.
PATE2ITS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DRT c7 c7o" DONN ELL^-Of flee and resfdTnce".
1021^ Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG~HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 310 Powell stTtea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALJFORXIA. • Berk-ley^I-
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice is hereby given that seated
bids are solicited for performing the labor
end furnishing the materials for fire escapes
for Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office of
the regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 o'clock p. m. of July 7. 1904.
Plans and specifications ot saWl fire escapes
have been adopted and may be examined
daily at the pfnee of the regents from Da. ra.
until 4 p. in. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder. In favor ot the , Regents of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) per cent of his bid. with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted, the bidder will duly enter Into a
Fropor contract to faithfully perform the
duty and obligations In accordance with said
bid and with the plans and specifications
which are hereby required to be a part of
such contract. The right to reject any or all
bid* is hereby reserved. By order of the
Regents' Committee on Grounds and Build-
ings. V. II. HENDERSON. AcUng Secretary.
OFFICE C. Q. M.. Vancouver* Barracks,
Wash.. July 5, 1904. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., August 4, 1904. for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts in this depart-
ment, for year ending June 30. 1905. Infor-
mation furnished here or by quartermasters
at posts. U. S. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals fof Forage and
Bedding at " addressed F. G. HODG-
SON. C. Q. M.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the six
months ending June 20. 1904. dividends have
been declared on deposits In the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4',-i
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20. 1904. The "Phoe-
nix" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
a total paid tn capital cf $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watkins, presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentlss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director: Gavin McNab, director;
Charles E. Lad j, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
aging Director. •
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Sank
of Saa Francisco, at a regular meeting
of the board of directors of this bank, held
July S, 1904, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1904, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th tnst.; transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
inst., both days inclusive.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, July 5, 1904.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building, 70S Market
St., opposite Third— For the half year end-
Ing June 30, 1904. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1, 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG, Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
Juna 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payabls on and
after Friday. July 1. 1'j04.
, J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
Dividend notice — The Giant Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. No. 67, of fifty cents (5Oc) per
share on the issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202, 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg.. San Francisco, on July 11, 1904.
Transfer books close July 5. 1004 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
ASSESSME" T n »OT; ICEBS.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place ot bus-
iness. City and County of San Francisco.
I State of California — Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the Board of Directors
¦ held this 15th day of June. A. D. 1904 an
assessment (No. 8) of five dollars ($3.00)' per
share was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable immediately to the
Secretary of the company, at the office of
the company, 327 Market St.. room 4. second
floor, In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. Sta'e of California. Any stock upon
which this assessment shall remain unpaid
on the 2Sth day of July, 1904. will be de-
linquent and advertised for sale at public
auction, and unless payment Is mado before,
will be sold on the ISth day of August. 1904,
to pay the delinquent assessment, together
with cost of advertising and expense* of
. sale, H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Honolulu
\ Plantation Company. 327 Market street. San
Francisco.- California,
J— TO~ TEtlTEBS AJ— 3 > B~ PgIJ3 33.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
- gomery st.
2D-HAND typewrltrrs sold, rented, repaired.
Webtter TypewrUtn* In— «c Co., 503 Market
MI .s XH LL i AA EO tS— FO It SALE. ;
BOILEHS. engines. 2d-band machinery MclN-
TCSH & WOLPMAN. 1!)5-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF" LEAK?
Repair it with claterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market Et.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pump-,
pulleyc. charting, etc.. etc.. bought sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday parerr.
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
A — FINE suits, $7 00; dress pants, $2 SO. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny su.
near Bush: open to 0 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers water pipe, pulleys,
etc WHITE LAV»". 283-255 Spear et.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 23
Stockton «t.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Lean and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 SO hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 320 Keamy St., near
¦ Pine: open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
HOMERS, Runts, Runt crosses; Al squab rais-
ers; stamp for cata. C. Wilson.223F Stevenson.
SAFES anJ cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market at.
FOR pale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR. !
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021 14 Market »t. !
AWNINGS, tents, new. second-hand. SUN TENT
* AWNING CO.. 42 Spear at. ; tel. John 0488. j
FOR sale — Young chickens, 30c and 35c; hens, :
40c. 900 Treat avt., near Twenty-second st.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand: prlc*«
¦ right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market SL
TEN TS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING C0..S5 Mkt.Tel.Bush 854.
BKITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. 01 McAllister st.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bacl-
galupl, moved to 7&6 Mission St.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 310 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montff*y.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et. '
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Dullard & Breck, 1S1 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all pizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG price? paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dreea suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton »t.
WANTED to rent — Serviceable gasoline launch,
about 25 feet long; period of tight months ror
traveling on river. Call 317 Davis st.
A — MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles'
and gents' caetoff clothing: postl. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Ua vis 823; t>50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good Eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tei. Jessie 2831.
DESKS bought, EOld and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission: phone Bush 467.
31OXKY TO LOAA.
aX^5^ER^L\N~MURPHY? "—-
C01 - CC2 - 603 " Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust.
1 i etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
. I teresta In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
.y When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 480. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 433, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stor«,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton: phona Bush 4£4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
. chants, teamcters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
«t. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
so commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bide. 708 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S3S Kearny.
TO calaiied people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 31. 0 Eddy st.
\yft PER cent on furniture and pianos: no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent-
CABH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers! Olve us a
rail. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-62-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickering, Vose,
Eteinway. Steck. Sterling, Curtax. Neuman,
Erard, Halnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ 4 SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms a« you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary
st.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $133. 237 Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage.1636 Mkt.
ICO FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 210 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for salt; $85.
BTATHAM. 110 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-812 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnser. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyd*
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phona South 216.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE to let. suitable for butcher. Inquire
rr ocery store. Sacramento and Spruc« sts.
PPB1IC jACCOUWTAHT^
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized: periodical audits and
books kept for firms or corporations who do
not - desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
I Terms reasonable. J. R DAT public ac-
countant, r. 603 Mills bdg\, phono Mala 532.
FlItMTlUi: FOll SALE.
V I' < nr. l-uy $7" worsti <jf furniture for $7 "5^ j
<« tv n an-.l ?l i<> ptr Week. T. Kniilnni** I
• .:ture Co., 510 1'cst *t.. r.ear facrctL
• ¦:; ABfttOa [loose. M Turk. r-. Market '
.i -.«h« l s »vcythlrg for iho licuse: lew prieei
FOB FA!/;- Brveni <-arpr;s ia tood condition
I x H19. Call office.
tTClTC&S of 5-rcom flat for tale. liox
2OG. fj»< of ace. • :
1TKX1TIT.K. stores, bcttg-fat, told. esehanc«d"
- r. <^a Val^eia.r.r.lCth.TW.Church SST3
ri:.-T ind beet la Amrrica— Tfce^VeekTjr
'. It pac»a-. tn-t to «r.y ad.irfts ;n I'ue
i'y :>-1 '•>:!»¦¦» -,^r r«naJu <>r.p yeav for SI.
BELT W \NTEU- -I-'KMALkI
v,.\NVa>-: ?.r*t-cla»« cocks. C«>— ian style*
1 nshlsc. *«<*: K cooks and general hou«--
¦jnrfc £ii%!- «ii>. (30; f.m-cla* s rxtmc, $2?>:
n n i • '¦-TTj;;tr! r.ur** and fearo* treys. f2.">:
':»rr:.ai (.Li-mlx-rn^Jd and Ciire 7-y*ar-old
' ti:'.J. flT>: iiiur;(Jiv8> and chambermaid, rri-
\~'.c Sir.:::;', ti"; !> waitresses, oity ar.d cooa-
;•".-, J^T': oovk. onStr, for " Vi 'k?. fi'i;
2 *»c<<tid girik. 125; 15 girls, housework, S2O
and ESS. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
?~i* Butter »t.
WANTED— Codk. jy.ain wasting. Pnlo Alto.
*D0: fir!. General hou««t\rrk. Juv?, $".0:
code r.. irariritn. Kori> Valley. $3i>: co-jk oa |
r.ir.-i.. Fact* Crus County. $20; girl, general j
best) nor*. « Iii faraily, San Ar.se liao, *U'»; j
FeaadlnavifiJi girl, general housework. Sausa-
l.to. $30; tiri. genera! housework. .N'^ja. $2."i;
eott en ranch, near Vallr)?, $:*<»; Protestant
t:r'.. 2 lc family. Sa_nluo. $25. Apply vo
J. K. CKOPETT A OJ., U34 Sutler £U
ATTENTIOS hctei help— For a three months'
W ion — IU waitresses for Lake Tahce Tav-
ern. $25. fare j'&id ani fcc proprietor here
i:: Wedr.etday rr.oming, also in the after-
noon from 2 to i:?*G; 2 chambermaids for
!.ti>f Tah^e. must be willing to T.ait tabl-
'(tea rurhtd. $r.">. fare paiU. All particulars
git— 1 at MISS i'LL'XKETrs, 425 Sutter
:¦:.. near l*uwell; telephone Main 6472.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress tor private fam-
ily. $:i5; a chambermaid ani seamnrcs* for
»'r:v*te family, city place. $25; a nurse fcr
:wo very ytur.g children. $25. MISS FLUNK-
KTT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A— FIRST-CLASS Ironer for country hotel, J40
b--ard end rocm; al*o 4 other irontrs. S-T5
?-. I found: s»e prcrrietcr here. MISS
PLUNKETT. 4^5 Putur srt.. near Powell.
A — V.'ANTED — C:r:* Lo I'ara hainire«tns.
wnictrrtafc <tc ; trade tausht from A to Z
in 2 s«h'; tuKiun tT; to those entering now;
1 positions to IQI immediately; pocttiens
guamr.ttr-l at t'.v jier week up; leading
trho^l in W«-ft. 2'i"{ Gtary St.. room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught frcm start to finish
In 1 mor.th for $15; position as trimmers.
talesladiec. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
•?s> and evening clars. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
iia!rcre»*inc mstrt:eurtrg. in&isage. scalp treat-
n:ent. hair work, removal rup^rlluous ..air: $5 2
wks. ; da;\ eve. clan; positions secured, highest
v*ge*. It I II ||S)I l< frrm 1226 Mkt. to 133 Powrll.
W a NTTJD— Saletltdies in the farcy go-uls £c-
partmer.t. Call at ?TRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'g. lCS-fl-J Po*t st.
WANTED — Saleslady for cloak and f-uit de-
partment. Call at STRAUSS & FROH-
MANS. I07-1C9 Pest st.
V.'A.VTFTD — Ycung. girls in the wrapping <»e-
partnwr.t Call at STRAUSS & FK01I-
MANS. 107-lii« Post st.
LADIES wantf'd everywhere copying letters at
horr.e evenings or spare time and return to
u»; no mailing or csnvawinK; $» weekly
earned: znat^rlals free; Inclose s=e!f-addre5s«'.l
?f.velipe fcr particular* . Guarantee Co.
No. \V4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
YOUNG girl to do general housework and cr>ok;
two in family; wages $20. Apply j^t5 Wash-
ington at.
BILL clerk operating typewriter; miul be quirk
ar.d accurate at figures. Apply box 3214.
Call o?£ce.
WANTED— Fcr Menlo Park, good cook. Ger-
n-.an or Scandinavian: ro washing: very little
houp» work. Partic. call Fri., 2C21 Devisadero.
YOUNG woman to do plain cooking for 3 anJ
housework; no washing; no windows; every
Sunday off: wages $2o. 3ul Eddy st.
GIRL wanted: eecxmd work; *unny room; $20;
car fare. 2TJC3 I>vl5ao>ro si.
SKAXTXD — 1 .::.£ girl between the ages of 15
ind 17. Apply W* Front *st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; $15
month. 1C45 Geary «.
A GERMAN girl for second work and plain
trcnlnc; no waiting. 1M7 California st.
V.'ANTED — Experienced saleslady to take
<-harp«> cf veiling department: good salary to
riCbt party. Bex 2-12. Call office.
V.AXTED — La£y who understands music;
? alary $TO0 per year; fir£t-cla-«s referer.es
required; university society, fiox 1433. Cail.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops ia August.
Wrtte E. Clemens Horn. 122 Battery St.. S.F.
ADVERTISFMEXTS. eubscrlptlors received at
Call branch office. cor. Duncaa and Church sts.
A BRANCH effice of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened -X. IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
"T-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP.~AGENCY.~~
3 4 TMrd Ft., near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
Nevada; U. S. Government work; 50 team-
«« ts. $2 SO a day; 60 concrete men. $2 60 a
day; 50 laborers. $2 M a day; 50 tunnelmen
ar.d Ortllers. $3 12 a day. We ship to Flor-
ence. Arirona; 100 teamsters and laborers.
$2 to $3 a day; cook's helper, sawmill, $.'J
and found; screw turner. $S5; r> lumber pil-
ts, $40 and found: board puller. $45 and
'-:.;. tail edgertuan. $40 and found; trim-
rrerraart SV* end found; ofTbearer, $40 and
found; S woodchoppere. pine, tools advanced.
4 foot. $1 25 per cord; lumber grader, sugar
Plae. $3 a day; 2 carpenters, city, S hours, $1.
COOK and wife for resort, $100 and found:
cook and h*lj>er, springs hotel. $10y ar.d
frmnd; boarding-house cook. $43; fry cook,
114 week: waiter and wife. $50 and found;
h '••»¦! waiters. $30 and found: porter for re-
*^»rt. t2T> and found, and others. J F
CROSETT Jb CO.. C2S Sacramento Ft.
EHrRT polisher. $2 M day: circular sawyer.
$100 and board; jobbing blacksmith $3 day
*'T«w turner. $50 and found; 3 carpenters,
rhort distance, $4 day; man for wood and
'nal yard. $2 day: man about place. $:tO and
found; farmer and wife. JiO and found, and
"thTs. J. F. CKOSETT & CO . 62S Eac-
rfcir.cr.to n.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
642 Commercial «.. near Kearnv.
Pfcon* Buah 633. JOHN L. DRECHSLER
4 carp «tite— . large co . north, steady lob SSO
fd.: 10 laborers, part free fare, 'south In
mountains, thip to-day. $2 25 to $2 50 day
« laborers, pipe Ilnf. $45 fd.: 8 roustabout*,
telephone rang; 1O0 m— . woodo. yards and
rr:!l>; 20 farmer? and milkers; 10 lumber
Tilers; .0 boy*, factories; German second
ook. sreall country hotel; GREEKS — 25
Greek*, south. $2 to $2 50 day. beard your-
¦H*~; 6 laborers, near city, $2 25; 10 ItaJian
laborer*. $2 50 <?ay.
AT HORD A FMITH'S.
Cootrsctcrs' Agent*. 55 Third st.
2S two-horse teameters. $2.
Near city, fare 25 cento.
10 laborers, $2, ship to-day.
Big «ob. Monterey County.
, $2 25. rhlp to-day.
EEI> CROh'S EMPLOYMENT" AGENCY^
002 Clay s*-j phone James 2476.
an laborers i n Tcountains. $2 25 day.
2 rtrraw men. box factory. *2 70 day.
2 r*taw men. box factory. $3 day.
NE\ ADA — Govcrrm*nt Work— Nevada.
Tea meters, drillers, mucker* , laborers. $2 to
$2 SO dey.
A COACmiAN with r*fercncee $io~si54 "found:
S7c£ Cr i!rT'?' 1 here * J 10 ¦• ra • reference*.
MIfcS rLT-NKETT. 425 Eutter et.. near
A— HOTEL OA— — TR. 26 MomKUUi~y~W 13-^
Co0 ?- 72? ** ty iob - **°: head waiter. $30;
<-<**¦ *rO: night j-lerk. $23.
J'JWELnV salesman wantedTTn'Txperienrpd
man. w<<li recommended. Apply superintend-
ent^ ofCce, the Emporium.
FLOORWALKERS wanted for"v~iou« dcplrt'-
ments; erpen^nco-d men cf good appearance
y Aw«r i~ pertateadeatVi office, the Emporium:
TOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
ev*nlrss : $3 50 v.rtk. j*rd addressed rn-
velope for particular*. Mincer Dept -W4.
h— 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. *
TWO youn* rr.»n end two young ladies, a— nts
for rapi<! filing artl'-lr: Hg monrr. 214 Pine
at. -era 22_]±_}*J2 o'clock.
TWO onion «-a— enter* . nrrt-cl«~~fln~h^rs~~»"t
— rn er of Mllvia end Eerryman st*. North
Berke'ey. '
KELIASLE n*n can have stHtdy employment-
can mr.ke $i0 a w«k. Call Ills Market rt.'
rnom 1. '
A MAN cf indomitable energy mn _ ,. ash "
rtxjd talkxr. racer ti make menry F PFP.
FOX. H77 and <?S, Parrftt bulging. i
/ 'VV,/!r >u I: J ™ i!< "V''? pount ~- A pp'y reiss
L'HOS. & CO., 11 Eatter »u ,
-"H A ii_lr^T ATE — <ir v — ro« xalk.
W. J. GUNN~
S.T" CALIFORNM ST.
(Savings Union RuiiJirs >
$34f*> — Just nr.ished: pretty, well built 2- story
residence; Seventh »v».. near A street.: 5
rooms, basement, bathroom; lot 25x120;
between 3 lines car;*.
$2SC0— N*w cottage residence: north side of A
St.. n*ar Seventh ave.; 4 rooms, bathroom.
basement: lot i'xlCO; well built and for
otvmr's own use.
W. J. GUNN.
KO CALIFORNIA ST/
BIDS cr offers to purchase are Invited to b«
submitted for two choice business i-orners ra
Clement St.: northeast comer Clement st..
and Tenth ave.. 32:rtxl(X>: price a«ke<1. S-J75O:
tn* branch ot the Ca!ifcm'3-st. electric road
will run .lo-.vn Tenth ave. to the pur*, in all
probability p.-ist the corner.
Northeast corner Clement St. ar»'l Twelfth
ave. ; ICO feet on Clement st. by .">«> feet on
Twelfth ave.; suitable for 9 fiats ant sto*«:
price, £4:150. Both cf th»3e corners are tlr.a
buys and are ths» efcoii-est ani most desirablaj
corners In th* Rirhmcml district.
W. J. GUXN. 630 California st.
<Savin— Union building.)
KEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2r.rit> EQUITY In Berkeley re*'..Jence to e*-
change for unlncumbered, Tartly imprr»v**<l
or unimproved country property in the Hus-
sian River secticr; Berkeley property con-
sists of 9-ro^m n-s>i(l>?nce. lot 4*xl.TI. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable r*?i.l.»nre sectton;
near school, railroad an-1 electric lines. A J-
drens box 4927. Call office.
FOR sale or exrhar.K- for real estate — 20 rooms.
rent $4O; with Ifw. $5t». 547 How^r! *t.
KOO.MS FOR IIOISKKKKI'IM..
BROADWAY. 1132 — Two sunny fural?he4
rooms, front rarior and kltcnen. new; bat5
and gas. gas stova and roal stsve. $11.
BUCHANAN. 1510 — Sunny front furnisaed
housekeeping rocms.
BUSH. 2120^ — Two furnished rooms complete for
housekeeplcg.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Punny front bay-wtndow
room and kitchen; connecting: reas. ;no chdn.
CHURCH. 126. near Market— A fioor of 3 sun-
ny unfurnished rooms; regular kitchen.
; CLAY. 1429. near Leavenworth — 1 large sunn*
'< rm. well fun. complete hous»keeplns. water.
ELLIS 773 — Part of a new'.y furnished mod-
ern flat cheap; gas range, bath, phone.
ELLIS. 117S — Sunny front alcov* and kitchen:
gas range, bath, phone: no children.
ELLIS 12^5 — Handsomely furnished suits, with
kitchen; also nice single rocm; very reaa.
FILBERT. 1213—2 unfurnished room?: refer-
ences; half block Hyde 8t. cars; $10.
GEARY. 1SC6— Unfurnished dcuble parlcr;
housekeeping; sun all cay.
HAIGHT, 3 — 2 rooms furnished iight houa*.
keeping.
HAIGHT. 222—3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing room* for ccuple; phone; reference. Cail
¦ 1-4. 7-9 p. m.
HAIOHT, 322 — 2 newly furnished '.arse* sunny
frcnt rooms for housekeeping; rent $18. ,
HOWARDr 547 — Housekeeping rooms; also
single. 75c per week and up.
HOWARD. 1054 — Nice sunny front and back
parlor; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. Xi3 — Large, sunny, front parlor: fur-
nished; gaa range; $3 50 week; other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. l"H0 Plae —
Suany. furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free bath«: rates reaa.
LAGUNA. 1027. opp. Jefferson square — Thr«4
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
LARKIN. 1OO7. cor. Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop.; rms..slng!« A hkpic. apartments.
MCALLISTER, CS3 — 2 large unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. $1.S; also 2 par!ors. $20.
MISSION. 1130 — 2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
OAK 117. US McAllister — Rooms, complet*;
$3 to $12: gas range, hot bath: adults.
OCTAVIA, 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor; new up-to-dat* flat; adults: refs.
O'FARRELL. 730 — 9unny furnished front aad
back parlor, complete for housekeeping: reas.
SHOTWELL. 121 — 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $M; no children; no ob-
jection tn infant.
THIRTEENTH. 15*0. com ?r of Howard— Suit*
of rooms furnished for housekeeping; $15.
VAN NESS. 232—2 and 3 room suites: also sin-
gle: housekeeping; sunny front; gas range.
$*. $12. »10. $20.
.¦.PASTXSXT H0TJSE3.
BENTON (The), S-"^ Octavla. opp. beautlfu!
park — 2 and 3 room apartments, with a!l
modern conveniences; special reduction* for
summer months.
6T. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van N«ss ave —
The acme of perfection in medm. elegantly
furnished 3-room apartment*, with privat*
baths, steam heat. ele:. light, elev., gas ra"gs.
SENTINEL (The). 879 Turk, adjacent Jefferson,
square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 »r«l 4
rooms, ready fcr occupancy. Phone East 917.
MAYBELLE. 203 Grove, corner Van Ness —
Nicely furnished 3-rocm suite, i-k. 2-rcoca
«tult. $18; bath.
ALTAMONT, SE. cor. Washinstcn an<l MasoTi
3-room apartments, furn. cr un'ur; prlva:s.
EL CAMELLO. 1713 Washington— 2 to C room
apartments, newly furn. or unfurn; sunr.y.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 339. above Hyde — 2. 3
and 4 room naw apartments: also single.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern J-4- j
rooms: turn, or unfurn.: r»fn Tel. E,v«t i:-V>
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnJ Intnrm.
A— BRUNSWICK House. I4S^i«h~st^RoonTs
25c to $1 per night, ti 23 to $3 per week _i
light housekeeping roost: op«n all eight.
AT "Th» Almonte." 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth it)- Rooms. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; houia open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur«
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 EUi». cor. Mason — Elegantry-
furnl»he(J sunny rooms: prices re»»onib »
EDDY. 4.12 — Elegantly furnished parlor suit*
and hath; al»o sins> rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. SoCI. near MUston— Suanr
furnished room; bath; modern: 57 month.
ELLIS. 104i>— Newly furnished sunny suit aa4
single rooms; gas, bath, electric lights.
ELLIS. 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $1S; suai»y
front room. $S; modern flat.
FELL. 230— Large sunny furnished front
room; also 2 connecting* unfurnished rooms.
GRAND Southern. 7th aad MUston — Rooms M«
. to $1 25 sight; $1 50 to $tt wk.; rea^ing-rra.
GEARY. 915 — Well fur. parlors, large closets;
also sunny room, running water: phone: reas.
GOUGH 1120. near O*Farr ell — Warm, sunny
rooms; fine board; $IS and |20; gentlemen.
GROVE. t32^ — Front sunny furnished room; fa»,
bath: $6.
HATES. 074 — Beautifully furnished sunny front
bay-window alcova room.
HOWARD. 719 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 week.
HTDE. 727 — 2 nicely furnished rooms, suitabl*
fpr gentlemen; private family.
JACKSON. 1175. cor. Jones — Furn. or unfurn.
sunny front rooms : Bne marine view; pncn«.
JESSIeTxO. east cf U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms. $3. $6. $7 per month.
JONES. Oia — A comfortable sunny room; all
conveniences; gentlemen.
JONES. 923. nr. Busti — Sunny front alcov*
room; cozy corner: $20 single; $23 two.
LARKIN. 804— Single su nny room, $3: larw
back room, housekeeping If desired. $7.
MARKET. 1049A,Th« Falmoutli — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
MASON. 616 — Newly furnished sunny rooms
from $6 up to $20: boarding -house next dcor.
NINTH. 147— Large sunny room, suitable tot
one or two persons.
N~OEr~R77. bet. lStn~and 19th— To let. a n!c»
furnished room suitable for 2 men; fin« view
and juany; terms reasonable.
POST. SS9. near Hyda— Large furnished front
room; bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gent*.
ROYAL Kous«. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; we«k. M
to $5; month. $4 to $30; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— A neat and very stsnny
basement room for workingmaa.
SIXTH. 2405-j — FurnUhed rooms, day. wtek ot
month: 'location central and reasonabla.
* Continued on Pase EJjhtern,
SAILORS nnd ordinary f^amen for all parts of
& the i world ( «t HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty..E.A.Bullis.Vx.4O^ PhTl^n W.Ik.
1'o.n Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. G. A. li.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— TOO rocir.p; 3:c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The CalUfor tho> reception
of aaverriseirrnts and subscriptions has been
Cpencd at lOtS Market Et.. ojipositc Fifth.
Ojicn until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's sho^e, slightly damapod. half
pric?. 5W Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoes lialf-rolc-d whl'e waitin::: 25c
to r>L'c. r.C5 M;«5lrn St.. bet. 1st and 2d M*.
jg? SMPJ^AHTED — SAiESKEar ._
SALESMEN wanted — Agents, dealers and
storekeepers, start In business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell pur perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods; you can control entire local
trad" with our line; fail line 350 up-to-date
styles of wooloni". fashion displays, etc.. now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity; write to-<!ay for full particulars and
exclusive territory;, experience not absolutely
necest-ary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A, Washington boulvd. and Union, Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to take good
selling article as ride line; good commission.
41 » Post st.. upstairs.
HOUSES AXD WAGO.VS.
FOR sale or exchange for work horses — A sad-
dle horse, single-footer, chestnut, silver mane
snd tail, <; years, 1100 pounds 15:3 hands,
$.>C0. Apply HORD &' SMITH, 95
Third 6t.. S. P., cr S. II. GRIGSBY. Wood-
land, Cal.
NEW business buegy, hor»w\ wagon and har-
ness for sale cheap. Liquor store, 1744 Mar-
ket t>t.. cor. Van Ness ave.
FOR sale — First-class buggy horee, 8 years
old. well bred, sound, gentle and kind; single
or double. Private stable, 3060 Washington st.
FOR sale— Chestnut gelding, 5 yrs. old: slxe 19
hds.; perfect horse in all harness; warranted
eound. Address Harry P. Moore, Menlo Park.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harnese; at 1140
Fc!som st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
DARK bay mare; works double, single and
saddle; fine driver. 2160 Geary st.; ?70.
NEW and second-hand wagons, "buggies, sur-
rey;. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 1418. Call
office.
FOR SALE— Light buggy in good condition.
Box 35S2. Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds? at
1C15 Market St., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla,
CAMPING WAGONS.
2-STORY camping wagon; thoroughly adapted
to the purpose; attached side tent; sleeping
apartment upstairs; complete in detail. J.
P. SMITH. 25 Eddy st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to ietTsend^oTclr^
ciiar. G. H. IMBSEN &. CO., 20 Montgomery.
STYLISH sunny residence. 9 rooms; servants'
rcom In basement. 2028 Bush. nr. Webster.
HOUSES TO I,ET — FURMSHED.
TAYLOR. 1416. overlooking buy — Comfortably
furn. house. 7 rms.. bath. Open afternoons.
UOl'SCS I'lilMSIIKD FOR b.VLB.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, furniture of nicely fur-
nished cottage of « rooms; everything com-
plete, ready to move In: near Key Route and
local train; 1 block from Fhattuck ave.; price
$350. Address F. A.. Berkeley Postofflce.
HOUSES WASTED. ~
HOUSE suitable for boarders; 20 rooms; good
location. Box 3142. Cail office.
I.\VESTME.\TS.
A— J6 PER CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 p°r cent and Participation In Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
BAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY,
70S Market st., S. F., CaL
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Maguire, ex-U.S. Congressm'n
Hen. EOw. K. Taylor. ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Jeseph A. Leonard, General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
S»» dividend notice In this Issue.
I~VAI.rP C~A~tS. ¦
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AND KOU.XD.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
fiower? and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
6utter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— A pass look with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Swlety of San Francisco in the
name of Helen Johnson. No. 186-144S. The
finder will pleaee return to bank.
LOST— A pass bock with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of JUSTINE LIXDOLF, No.
2S0-2S0. Finfler will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's purse containing sum of money,
silver penknife and keys. Please return
knife and keys 804 Pacific st.
LOST— A photo pin of elderly gentleman. Find-
er will be liberally rewarded by returning to
MRS. S. A. SOLOMON. 1435 Buchanan st.
LOST— IN* Sausallto, Sunday, ladles' gold open-
face watch and pin; monogram on back. "G
N. S." Return to or Inform MISS SAXTON,
Sausallto P. O.;. reward.
LOST — Monday, a collie answering to name of
"Shep." Return to 1019 Stelner St.; reward.
LOST — Clipped silver terrier named Rats;
license No. S43. 952 Treat ave.; reward.
LOST— In Mill Valley, July 4. pair of specs!
Return eaehier Call office; reward $2.
FOUND — Small black and white dog. breed
unknown; well trained. Box 3215, Call office.
LOST — Hand b&g: Market-st. car, near ferry;
reward for return. J. B. L., Bohemian Club.
FOUND — A bay mare at ferry; owner may
have same. ROBERT FLYNN, 6 Hunt Bt.
LAPRCHES FOB ~ ~ tE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
et. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co.,Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing £ excursions. 5 Steuart St.; tel. John 2686.
MEDICAL. -
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant feen. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; IT years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITD
702 Market st., rooms 7 aad 8.
MRS. DR. WXET1L specialist for all femals
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
• male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR NATHAN7~thY — eat "ladies' spe-
cialist. Just arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; take* ladle* beforo and
during confinement, with best medical care;
confinement $15; room and board $5 week;
infants adopted. 206C Market, opp. Valencia.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway'
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— -All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free-. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS DR. CWTER. having secured lease of
premises, |is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; IS years' ex.*
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny wt.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny ft Clay.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS';
original, method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
26tb; ladles,. relief or no fee; |10.
IIKLP WAXTBD — MALE — ContlnnrU,
A— MUIIRAY & a;:AI)T. CT.4-r.36 CLAY ST. "
I'lione Main .'iS4S.
Lesdins Employment nnd Labor A~nti<.
We *r peak thu i^rmnn. French. ltaliar.
Ecandisavtan. Rreck. Spanish. Slavonian and
l>ani:h larsruages.
1303 \Ve Gave li>04 Wo Hope to
ui.«00 Men Work. Increase 00.000.
Ha hr.s arrived. Now at our office,
representative of United States Government,
v <>rk twine dene close to Wadsworth.
in State of Nevada.
Tree fart- t.. cat, to all. to you.
Uttdcent, C"i.
T^rjDFtcry, $75.
Laborer." ?75.
Drillers, SJ^i.
Concrete mixer?. $7."..
rc.n early; Ke* representative, at our office:
Irb'* 1 fP ° d and acconlmci datir-,nR: steady
SANTA FKI! R.
1050 Miles FLORENCE. $10 50
... t> ARIZONA.
\ ia Present. s p. m. dally.
I>ril!trs. J3 to ?.*. 50. Center
Tramsters. f2 to *2 TO. of
Laborers, ?2 f> $2 .V>. Oreat Mines.
TO LOS ANGELES.
Every day; big wages.
555 Teamsters.
J00 Month for Ycu.
Fare by Railrr.ii— Only— $4 «0.
Cnce Fee $1— TJ lat's All.
COOKS.
3 co^ks. boarding hotels. $40 aril $r,5 found.
Tn.rr.ale maker, country Job. $4'.> and found.
4 rfi.«h and pot washer?. $Co and $.10 found.
_ Eedmaker, cour.trr hotel. $22 00 found.
WAITERS.
2 w; *!ter». cr—mercia! hotel, south. $30 fd.
«>mp waiter, fare 2oc. $25 found.
"Waiters, fare $2, sine place. $4' found.
Wa!l"\ nryt-rl-jT!: city hotel. tXi found.
\Y alter. $1 75 icrr. $S wwk and found.
3 v.aiters. city hotels. S. F., ?30 found.
5 r-crters and bellboy?.
LAUNDRY HELP.
Plo»ve Ircner. country. far«v$l 25. $? week.
Body irrner, country, fare $1 23. $10 week.
Pollshere. irrners.
Ironfr. polisher, country, fare $1 23, $15
week
Tron'-r. $12 week: mangle hand. $10 week.
Man fc»r second-hand furniture store, $C0 to
SI CO.
MKCHANICAL.
t wool puHer*. Washington State, fare paid.
Oairerter and cabinet-maker, fta'.r builder,
city. $4 day. * .
ENGINEER. $2 day and found.
Carpenter, ranch, fare $1 25. $40 fd.
2 carpenter*, fare 70c. factory, $3 day.
PlaKterer. $5 day.
Shlr.Rle Jointer. L. Co.. Sonoma Co., $30, $35
found.
Itor.zr.older. fare $1. foundry. $3 to $3 50 day.
4 piurcbers, $4 day. country.
CARPENTERS.
Whe?!wr!ght. carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare. 00c. $4- day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Circular sawyer. bo«s here, lumber company,
*ir/» and found.
f'xer teamstor. faro S2 50; $50 found
P'aner man and bookkeeper, lumber com-
rany.
Grad»r. lumber company, north, ' $90.
Tail edperman. fare .<:{. $2 25 day.
Gang et'jrprman. lumber company.
Spool tender, lumber company, touth. $50 fd.
12 cooper?. «Iack work. Pteady 10c barrel
8 sa?h an3 door hands. $3 CO day.
2 lumber graders, boss here $90.
Stldwr hand, city Job. $3 50 to. $4 day.
Lumber grader, boss here. %% day.
Tailyman. lumber company. $40 an"l found.
G8ng <.-dg°rtnan. lumber company, $75
3 m^n make Ktavs and split staves. " red-
wood, boss here. $50 found: 2 screw turner?-
2 carriage setter*; hock tender; 5 shingle
packer?; *t:ck«>r hand.
155 Woodchoppern.
155 Tie and Picket Makers
Tools, provision?, all found: good prices.
5 hard miners, quartz mine, southeast. $S2 SO.
f, muckers, quartz mine, southeast. $75.
Boy. learn cabinet trade, city. $4 week.
German choreman. private residence $30 fd.
German choreboy. 30c fare, ranch. $15 fd.
Laborer, do a little butchering, mine, $32 CO
and found.
Gang eharcoal burners. 10> to 15e sack.
FARM?- DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $."15 and found.
12 farmers. $30 and found.
13 choremen. boye. $30 to $15 and found.
12 Ftablemen. $:-:0 and found. $»X) $75
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and teamsters. $2 and $2 25 day
12 latxjrers for minea you'll suit, $30 found'
MARRIED.
Man and wife, cook 25 men, mine, boss here
S4f> and found.
Man end wire, fruit ranch. Placer County,
$50 and found.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $50, $60 and fd
FOR A MINE.
Choreman and wife. German or French, $60
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
FAN BERNARDINO COUNTY.
12 TEAMSTERS. 2 horses. $2 day.
N'ar Redlands. Highlands and Riverside.
Oranges and lemons grown year round
BAKERS.
Baker, camp, fare $1 50. $50 and found.
Baker, shop, fare 30c, $12 week.
Second baker, Santa Cruz County, $10 week
and found.
Solicitor, city store. $50.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
GREEKS OR ITALIANS.
55 LABORERS for Los Angeles, $1 75 day.
board yourselves.
MURRAY & READT. 634-638 Clay et.
WANTED— Domestic salesman. Call at
PTRA US5 & FROHMAN'S. 107-109 Post Et.
WANTED — Dress goods and silk salesman. Call
at STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S, 107-109 Post.
BOY wanted to work in wholesale liquor store.
BROWNSTONE CO.. 643 Merchant st.
BOY lfi yearn old to fe^d Job press. EDWARD
KNOWLES COMPANY.
REAL estate lister and salesman wanted. 1015
Market St.. room 4.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 518
Filbert st.
WANTED — A good union barber, Alameda
1303 High St.. Hotel Encinal.
WANTED — Young man to work In grocery and
bar. Call at 2129 Greenwich, cor. Flllmore.
WANTED — Walter, email restaurant 108
Hayes st.
A STEADY, sober your.g man to work around
lunch counter. 805 M'5-lon St.: call early.
BARBERS! — Three-chair shop for sale; no rea-
sonable offer refused. 1C00 Valencia st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; price $75; good
business; on trial. 1715 Stockton 6t.
WANTED— Experienced crockery aad glass
ware pecker. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Ycung man from 16 to IS years of
are for Office work. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks lequlred: positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOITLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973-6
Easton ave.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Thlrt et. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade:
steady work: no night cr Sunday work; $25
security needed. Apply 310% Folsom, upstairs, i
CARD writer — Good business opportunity in a
city near Pan Francisco awaits a sober, in-
duntrlous card writer. Address box 3210. Call.
WANTED— 250 men to try the cleanest And
most comfortable lodging-house In city, lOo
to 25c. "The Beet." 607 California st.
TRY our men's shoes., union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chary es. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.
I GOOD clerk for grocery store: German pre-
ferred. HOFFMAN BROS.. 24th and Church.
i WANTED— Carrlaee painters at Oakland Car-
rig" Manufactory. S36' Telegraph »ve.
FOR rent— Nice, neat barber shop. Inquire
. Gem Grocery. 600 Ehotwell st.
2-CHAIR barber shop In Alameda: must be sold
st once. 2337 Railroad av».. Alameda.
BARBER. shop for sale; 3 chairs. 202 Mc-
Allieter st.
WANTED — Man to «5o Janitor work for his
tuition In S. F. Barter School. 741A Howard.
j HAIGHT teaches the barber trade fres at 647
I • commercial st.
A profitable outing: pick hop* in August. Writ*
ECLEMENS HORST CO..122Battcry st-.S/F*
LACOR debts collected; suits, attachments
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy, r. 415!
PA1LORS and ycung men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st. ,ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 6. •
Schr Jennie Grlffln, Gibson, 3 hours from j
Bolinas. ¦
Schr Falcon. Anderson. 5 days from Grays i
Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 6— Br bark
Pasa of Leny. for Fremantle; bark Prussia for
Manila. ... *
SEATTLE^-Arrived July 6 — Stmr Valencia,
from >"ome. • . . - '
ABEKDEEX— Sailed July *— Schr Wm II \
Smith, for San Pedro; schr Xorth Bend, for !
San Francisco. ;
Arrived July C — Stmr Rival, hence July 2.
FOREIGN/ PORTS. I
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived July 6— Br stmri
Aorangl, from Brisbane. 1
OCEAN STEAMERS. |
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6— Stmr Mongo- i
Han, from * Glasgow. ' ;
•¦ ¦ . ¦ ? ¦ . I
TRINIDAD, Colo., July C— A hurri-'l
cane to-night caused • the death oft
Luis Lucio, 5 years old, and destroyed •
much property. A number of build- \
lnss were wrecked." Roof3 were torn .
from other j buildings and trees up- j
rooted. The storm was general and
much damage to crops was caused.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
200 Con C & Va.l 05 1300 Silver Hill .. 65
100 Con C & Va.l 10 100 Silver Hill .. 54
f'00 Exchequer .. 37 200 Union Con .. 34
100 Hale & Norc. 70 i:0OUtah.... 15
TOXOPAJI MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
llornins Session.
1000 Brunswick .. 081^.100 Hay & O'Brien 16
XiiOO Esperanza ... 0:i|750O Red Top ... 16
r 500 Gold M Con. 03 OS0O Rescue n
100 Jim Butler .. 80 400 Ton Belmont.. 70
1000 MacNamara . «0|1400 Ton Belmont.. 80
500 MacNamara . 01 j 100 Ton Belmont. . 81
800 MacNamara . «2j 100 Ton Exten.... 05
UOO MacNamara . C?| 1000 Ton Gold M. "1
470 Mont Ton ...2 45| T./X) Ton Gold M. 22
1000 Mont Ton.. 2 47*4! 1200 Ton Midway.. CO
300 Paymaster . . 06| 1000 United Ton . . 10
4100 Ray & O'Brien 15!
Afternoon Session.
1000 Esperar.za ... 03] 100 Ton Belmont.. . R5
200 Esperanza ... 01 1 100 Ton Eiten ..1 00
.800 MacNamara . G3|1400 Ton Exten ..1 05
350 Mont Ton ...2 4.">!WiQ0 Ton Gold M. I'O
CO00 Red Top ... 1017000 Ton Gold M. 19
0500 Rescue 11I20C0 Ton Gold M.. 21
2000 Rescue ...... 121 :i00 Ton of Xev...S 2"i
1100 Ton Belmont. M>! 300 Ton N Star. . . K4
1000 Ton Belmont. S8 1000 United Ton .. o»
100 Ton Belmont. S3|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 6—4 p. m. i
Bid.AJk. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice ....... 17 18
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 03 04
Andes ,. 19 20 Kcyes Graes.. — 1 £(>
Helcher 21 i 22 Lady Wash .. — oil
Beat & Belch.l 10 1 15 Mexican OS 0.)
Bullion 17 10 Occidental ... 70 81
Caledonia ... 55 CO Ophlr 2 80 2 83
Challenge Con 11 13 Overman ... ., 21 ««
Chollar ...... 03 .00 fotosl 03 00
Confidence ... 80- 00 Scorpion 15 17
Con C & Va-.l 05 1 10 Savage 17 18
Con Imperial. 01 02 Set? Belcher .. 0!» : it
Con NY.... o;t 04 Sierra Nev .. 32 34
Crown Point. 12 13 Silver Hill ..53 54
East Sierra N 08- — St Louis .... 08
Eureka Con.. — r>0 Syndicate .... 02 04
Exchequer. . . 36 38 Union . Con . . 33 34.
Gould & Cur. 10 20 Utah 16 17
Hale & . Norc. C9 70 Yellow, Jacket. 19 20
TONOPAH • MINES.
•Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Colehan — OSIRay Tonopah.. ¦ — 10
Esperanza ... 0U 03ti:cd Top IB.-'
Kula-Con .. 05 — (Rescue 11 y
Gold Anchor. — 20 1 Ton Belmont. .'Sri" 57
GoldtlRld .... 77 — Ton A: Cal. . . 10 _i
Gold M Con..'.. 02 03 Ton Exten. .1 02% 1 05
Hannapah M. 25 —Ton Gold M. 18. in
Jim Butler . . — 80 Ton Midway. . C8 . tiO
Little Ton .. CO 05 Tog of Nov. 8 2.'» 8 37U
Lucky Tom.. 03 — Ton N Star.. 31 35
MacNamara -. tti 62 Ton & Salt L «O —
Mlxpah Ex . . . 10. — Ton Union. ... 30 —
Mont;Ton2 42% 2 17^ United Ton ...10 —
Paymaster .. 05 06 ntopia .' 10 —
Ray .Exten .. — 08 West End ... — 80
Ray & O'Brien 13 14
-S'V-V ..'¦¦: :.*3ft*EBt. t .tt>% J '.-¦¦¦ ¦ I ' " ¦ V..' . .'. ¦
POWDER.
Giant 6O%4 61 |Vlgorlt — •
SUGAR.
Hans, P Co.. — 20c iKllanea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. SI 61^|Makaweli C. 21% —
Honokaa S C 11U — I Onomea B C — 27^4
Hutch 8 P C 8H, — IPaauhau S a 12% lSVi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137 130 Vt Oceanic S Co. 4% *Vi
Cal F C A. OS »9 Pao Aux FA. G —
Cat Wine A. — 90*4 Pac C Borx.108 169
MV& MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas & Electric 63 78
15 S F Gas & EWtrlc C9 G2tt
66 Spring Valley Water Co 88 25
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 107 00
$1,000 Spring Valley 0 per cent 105 37%
Afternoon Session,
Board —
CO Contra Costa Water 25 00
60 Contra Costa Water 84 60
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 88 £3
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal Bs 117 50
$2,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 117 25
Street —
15 Spring Valley Water Co S3 25
$12,000 Spring Valley 4* (2d mt«e)... 90 00
Unlisted Securities.
t
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 09 SF & NP 6s. — 109%
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R la. — 100
Cal NW 6s.. — 112% S P Co 4%s.l00 —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Sun Tel 6s.. — 104
Rls I Wks5s — 105 Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UK of SF 4s. 80% 81
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 80 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.180 —
Cal Cot Mils — 88 N S R R Co. 9Vi —
Cal G&ECor. 47 — N Cal P Co, — 10%
Cal Powder.. 125 145 Oak Bk Sav.I20 — '
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal T I & T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Co.. — 16
Chutes Co .. — 7U PacC Caa Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
E^st Dynm.. — 270 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 S F Drydock. CO —
Do com ..89 60 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk Oak.120 — S'J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — COc SO & MTjrbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swlss-A Bk.1,15 • —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 10 14 UR InC pfd. 47 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 I>o com ... 9% —
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$2,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. . 80 70
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 40
Associated Trust Cert 17 jr
Claremont 70 75
£°Y r 64 70
Fulton **00
Hanf ord 165 00 170 00
Home 1 45 1
Imperial ig'fio 1
Independence 25 *>7
Kern (no 5 00
Kern River ' 10 00 12 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 25 ¦ 31
Monte Crlsto e5
Occidental of W. Va 06 *
Peerl™ jjgo
Sovereign 88-"*^
Sterling 2 70
Superior 04
Thirty- three j'Aj
Twenty-eight 8 50
Associated Bonds .... 7900
Wabaeh ##># j>g
Pennsylvania 33
- Miscellaneous—
Flscher'e Theater sa 49
Northern California Power 10 62%
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 00 ....
SALES.
Morning session.
100 Sterling $2 80
Afternoon session.
600 Independence ' 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCa, STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco 8tock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOO Belcher 21 1000 Justice i«
200 Chollar 09 SOO Mexican " " 1 v'n
300 Con C & Va.l 10 200 Ophlr . "2 tn
600 Crown Point. 12 100 Savage is
300 Gould & Cur. 21 300 Union Con"" n
300 Hale & Norc. 73 . ¦•¦¦¦>
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C & Va.l 10[ .'550 Ophlr . •> 7*
200 Con N Y .... 03 100 Savage ... " \n
100 Crown Point. 13| 200 Kllver Hill '" * rl
200 Justice 17 1000 Sliver Hill "fa
200 Mexican 95 1 200 Union Con " "'£
100 Mexican ..... 06| 300 Utah ........'. ic
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfio
Stock Exchange yesterday: *-acmo
Morning Session.^--/-.''
100 Con C & Va.l 15] 100 Mexican ... 1 00
300 Gould & Cur. 21| 1C0 Sierra Xev aq
300 Hale & Norc. 70| 200 Utah .... " 15
200 Justice 17 1C0 Yellow Jacket! "l
SOO Mexican ...1 06% I ¦
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ...... 21 100. Mexican ....'. 05
r.CO Bullion IS 600 Potosl 0!)
1 200 Bullion 17 COO Scorpion ..... 15
LONDON, July 6,— Tho Associated
Press learns from a high .British source
that exchanges of views " are j taking
place between America and Great Brit
ain with respect to Tibet. Being a de
pendency of China,* the fate of Tibet
is of considerable importance, espe
cially to America, not that Americans
have Interests in value ' in that coun
try, but because of Its acquisition by
any power -would mean a violation of
the principle of integrity of China,
which is the keynote of Secretary
Hay's Far Eastern policy to which
Great Britain has given adherence.
Mr. Hay therefore has watched with
the closest attention the British treat
ment of the Tibetan question, and, it
is believed, through . Embassador
Choate, has delicately presented the
possible bearing of the British military
procedure on Chinese integrity. It Is
understood that the British Govern
ment/ frankly disavowed any ulterior
purpose regarding Tibetan territory,
reiterating that it has no intention to
permanently occupy Tibet and that
Great Britain's motives are those al
ready proclaimed to the whole world.
In view of this declaration the .British
Government announced that Brigadier
General McDonald's expedition is ex
pected to retire as soon as the purpose
for which it was organized has been
achieved. - *4.;.
NO DESIGNS ON TIBET.
TACOMA. Wash., July 6.— A new
dredger of a peculiar style has been
constructed and shipped to Halnes,
Alaska, by the Bachman Dredging
Company of Pasadena. The dredger
Is to be used on Chilkat River, where
the Chilkat Indians have lived and
fished for generations. It is claimed
that it solves the problem of bringing
to the surface every particle of gran
ular material coming within reach of
its suction pipes. All pockets or cavi
ties holding precious metal will be
quickly emptied. Sand and gravel are
removed by buckets without any in-
Jury to the plungers. At any time a
hydraulio giant can be attached to the
discharge pipe for sluicing purposes.
With the power of such a machine
whole mountains can almost be torn
away, besides turning the bottoms of
rivers upside down. The owners of the
dredger are business men. Tests made
on the shore of the Sound were highly
successful. It is intended to duplicate
this dredger for use in California.
By Use of Improved Machinery River
Beds May Be Drained of All
Precious Metals.
NEW STYLE DREDGER TO
REVOLUTIONIZE MINING
BERKELEY, July 6.— The sinking of
the Danish steamer Norge off the coast
of Scotland had a traglo meaning to
one family In Berkeley. M. A. Nielsen,
a tailor, learned to-day by cable that
his mother, Mrs. Anna Nielsen, was
among the victims of the ill-fated
voyage. Mrs, Nielsen was on her way
to Berkeley to Join her son and daugh
ter, whom she had not seen for several
years. She had informed her son that
she was about to start for America,
but he did not know that she was on
the Norge until the message came tell
ing of her death.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Nineteen.
VENTURA, July 6.— The steamer
Bonlta arrived here from San Fran
cisco and after discharging the mer
chandise consigned to this city the
captain allowed the crew to take in
the sights. The merry sailors cleared
out and soon were enraptured by
Ventura's alluring charms, natural
and artificial, particularly the am
ber liquid which drowns sorrow.
Affairs shaped a course down Main
street, two » points off the Ana
Cava Hotel, making port in one
of the saloons with a slight list to
starboard, where they spliced the main
brace repeatedly and lost their bear
ings.
Two lads started for the steamer
finally and reached the end of the dock.
In attempting to board the Bonlta one
of the party fell off the wharf. Five
tailors Jumped after him and all
braved the surf to save their comrade.
Fortunately several persons were fish
ing on the wharf and a serious calam
ity was averted. The sailors were pulled
out and are now on their "way to San
Francisco stowed in their bunks in the
Bonita's forecastle.
Fortunate Presence of Sober Fisher
men Averts a Qnintet of Casual
ties at Ventura.
FIVE DRUNKEN SAILORS
TRY TO SAVE CO3CRADE
LONDON. July 7.— Up to this hour
no further news has .been received of
the missing boats of the Danish
steamer Norge, which was wrecked off
Rockall Reef on June 28.
COPENHAGEN, July 6. — Captain
Lamb, one of the officers of the X>anish
navy, said to-day thatfthe Norge was
an excellent and strongly built ship
and that Captain Gundel was one of the
most capable navigators onvjhe trans-
Atlantic route.
One of the Victims Who Went Down
With the Norge Leaves Rela
tives LI vine In Berkeley.
XO FURTIU2R NEWS HEARD
OF MISSING LIFEBOATS
An application was made by the
Richmond and East Shore Electric
Railroad, which is the corporate name
of the new system, to the Contra Costa
Board of Supervisors yesterday for two
franchises to the Alameda County line,
one running through Stege and the
other paralleling the line of the Santa
Fe into Oakland. At the Alameda
County line the Richmond system will
connect with the cars of the Oakland
Transit Company and give frequent
and rapid service into Oakland.
There are rumors that this system
will be extended Into other parts of
Contra Costa County.
j POINT RICHMOND. July 6.— Point
; Richmond now has a fully equipped
! electric street railroad service, which
! was put into operation to-day for the
J first time. It also 1 developed yesterday
that the new system will soon connect
I this city with Oakland, and it is pes
¦ sible that there will be a line run to
j the interior of this county.
! The first regular cars were run over
the tracks between the Standard Oil
Works and the business center of town
to-day. The cars are comfortable and
the service gives Point Richmond what
it has long needed, rapid and frequent
communication between the various
manufacturing centers In this rapidly
j growing neighborhood. At present the
i cars only run from the oil works to
! the center of* town, owing to a disa
{ greement between the electric company
j and the Santa Fe over the crossing.
I The track Is laid to the Southern Pa
cific station and as soon as the cross
| ing matter is settled cars will be run
I to that point.
Mr. and MrB. Ambrose Aldrlch and
Albert D. Aldrich will leave here for
Minneapolis a week from to-day.
There they will join their brother Al
fred and proceed to St. Joseph, Mo.,
where they will be Joined by their sis
ter, Mrs. William I^ollihan, and all pro
ceed to Clarksburg to hold their re
union with their mother, who i» 88
years of age.
Their father died seven years ago.
The triplets were the youngest of eight
children, of which four were girls. The
other brother and three of the sisters
are dead. The oldest brother was killed
in the Civil War. Ambrose is a Grand
Army veteran. It has been forty years
since all the living members of the
family were together.
STOCKTON. July 6.— Two of the old
eat triplets In the world are residents
of this county. One is Ambrose T. Al
drlch, the other is Albert D. Aldrlch,
residing at Farmington. The third of
the triplets Is Alfred D. Aldrich, a res
ident of Minneapolis. Their birthday
is the 21st of August and they will be
57 years of age. They will hold a fam
ily reunion on that date at their old
home and birthplace at Clarksburg,
Mass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At dusk the battle was over and,
though fitful bursts of musketry were
still to be heard, the British held the
fort, which dominates the town and
the monastery beyond.
The plan of attack Included three
columns, which were to rush the vil
lages fringing the base of the rock. At
midnight last night British troops be
gan to move Into position. The left
and center columns were able to enter
the village by sunrise, but so heavily
was the fire directed on the right col
umn that it was Impossible to make
any headway for several hours. By 7
o'clock, however, the whole fringe of
villages was captured.
Lieutenant Gordon, who was leading
a party of Sikhs, was killed. The
house tops were full of Tibetans, who
pelted the right column with bullets
for hours. The British ten-pounders
m^de a breach In the wall between the
towers on the face of the cliff, the
wall falling down In great masses.
Shortly afterward an explosion oc
curred in the powder magazine of the
Tibetans, by which many must have
been killed. This, however, did not dis
may the Tibetans.^
When the reserve companies of Fusi
liers advanced and delivered their as
sault the Tibetans opened a heavy fire,
but only one man was lilt owing to
the open formation or the British
troops. By dusk the helmets of the
Fusiliers were to be seen on the highest
building of the fort. The men were
cheering.
LONDON. July 6.— The Gyangtse
Jonk, or fort, is built on a rock rising
Bheer 300 feet from the plain. The west
ern face is absolutely Impregnable. On
the southern side, opposite the British
camp, which is some 2400 yards dis
tant, the rock is somewhat broken. On
every level spot stands a ruined build-
Ing. The road to the top runs zigzag
up to the southern face of the fort.
Along the road the Tibetans had erect
ed three series of diagonal walls, five
feet high and loopholed every few feet.
Twenty-seven cannon were mounted
along this face. On the east and north
the rock slopes gradually to a mon
astery on another rock, opposite the
north . face of the fort.
Gyangtse town lies in a hollow under
the eastern face. The rock throughout
was thoroughly fortified and had guns
at every angle.
, At the bottom of the rock two con
siderable villages extend east and west
These villages recently were Veil forti
fied; the walls had been strengthened
anil cannon had been placed thereon.
There are twelve large buildings In the
space between the fort and a hill sur
rounded by a monastery. All these
were also fortified.
Prisoners reported • some- time ago
that 3000 warriors occupied the forts
and" that there were- 2000 warriors in
the monastery.
GTANGTSE, Tibet, July 6.— The
pinnacle fort near here, held by 7000
Tibetans, was captured by a mere
handful of British and Indian soldiers
t'o-day. The excitement of the long
day culminated in the scaling of a
breach in the walla of the fort by
Lieutenant Grant, who was followed
by a mixed company of Gurkhas and
Fusiliers. They climbed the cleft In
the rock in the face of a hail of fire
and fusillade of stones which were
hurled on their heads by the frantio
Tibetans. A stone struck Lieutenant
Grant, sweeping him off his feet, but
he recovered himself and was the first
over the breach. 6
Application Is Made for a
Franchise to the Lines
of Other Alameda Cities
Calif orhians Go East to Join
Relatives They Have Not
Seen for Forty Years
MOTHER 88 YEARS OLD
•* 7 ¦
Warriors Offer a Stubborn
Resistance, but Finally
Yield Their Stronghold
CASUALTIES NOT GREAT
WILL CONNECT OAKLAND
Point Richmond Now Boasts
of an Up-to-Date and
Complete Street Railroad
Storming Party, Consisting
of Gurkhas and Fiisileers,
Capture the Tibetan Jonk
Brothers Arrange Family
Reunion in Massachusetts
After a Long Separation
ELECTRIC CARS
IN OPERATION
AGED TRIPLETS
PLAN TO MEET
BRITISH TAKE
GYANGTSE FORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JULY J, 1904.
18
RAILWAY TO_4 VKL.^
TraUim 1«»T0 and »re> dn»
X^Vrr>^\ . *o«rrl»««»t
pHSg^QSAX FKAXCISCO.
Via '^s~JtlJ r * ov JrLT *• t3at
fFoot of lf»r*et Street )
>ht« — MAIN LINE. -A*.:r>?
7 00a Vaeartllo. Wlnlere. i:umney 1 $Qf
7 COa Brni.-l.i. Klmiraaml S^cramentrt.. 7-2C»»
743a Vallpjo. N'upa. c»i!*toc«. Santa
Bom. Martinez. Saa Ramoa 9.+2r»
7.30a S!]*-».Tr»i-Y. Lathrop. 7.2CP
8.00a Bh«i»t>» Ki.tresa— (Via I)*v:»>.
Wl'i!»m» (for Hartlctt Sprlrst*).
TVt!:r>T7«. »Kruti>. Knd Biu.T.
Pcrt:»n'l. Tairoma. Settle 7-5<?*»
t.CpA r>«Ti«.W.K»i:i«ncl. Knizhr < I-Riutiag.
MitrysTlllr. C:>;ro. Dri.Tille 75««»
8 X3A Port Co^fi. Marrtiner. Anlloch.
Tjroa. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loa l!.m'>0. He ml ota.
Annona. rianfor.l. Vis a I la.
ronaryllle :....'. 4.20^
BJSOAror*. Co«ta. llo<Je»to. Merced.
Krr^n<». OnaBwn Junction. Una-
ford. Vliallo. IlatcrifteM 4-50*
WO* Nl!e». Sa> Jon*. Liternsnre. Sroc-i-
. ton. JtMllton). Iobp. Sacramento.
Mary»Ttlle. Chtco. itteJ Rluff .... 4 20«»
8.30a OaliUlf. ciilnfjie. Jam-i-own. So-
nora. Tiiolnrone ami Anse!» 20'
9 00a Atlantic Expr«»—O(tdennnii tin. 5 -20*
8.30A Rlobnond. Martiori ana Way
6tittlooa 6 50p
10-CCATbe OYerlund Limited — O«den.
Omab*. Chicago. i>«arer, Kamaa
City. St. Louis S2?»
IOCOa Vallejo 1226*
IC.OCa Lo» Ane»ln» Pa<ien|fr — Port
Costa, Mtrttnei, Djrroa. Tracy.
Latbrnp. S took ton. Merced.
Keytncnrf. Fresno, Goaben Juao-
t!on. llanford. Lemoore. Vl»all»,
Daker«9eld. Loa Aiu'lf 727»
12.00m Haywarif. N!lr» an<l War Stations. 3.2C»
tl-OCP Sacramento River Ht«am:r« t11-0a;»
JJCp Bentcia, Wlntrr*. Sacramento.
Wooilland, Wliioti, Salsrats
Lsnrlins. MarysTtlle. OroTllle
sad way «tj«tlone * a zZ A
B^OPJIayiraru.XllesandTT'ar Statloas.. 7oOO
4C0P VIartiBM.8«u Itamon. V»lleJo.Napa.
Callatoza. 6«ntn Koia. 820*
4 0Cpj;ilea. Tracy. Stockton. L«dl 420i»
430P Uayward. RCe*. lrrln;toa. Saat t3-5CA
Jose. Llvermore ) £11.50*
SOOpTbe Owl l.lmlied— Sewmm. Loa
Baaoa. Mrndoia. Train >. Tulare,
BakeriQeld. Lot Anxelet 8-50*
tEJOpnayward. Mica and :-*n Jote 7.20a
COOp Harvard. Nllei aotl Baa Join 3 iOA
B.COpKmt-ra Kiprrni— Orl'n. Umaaa,
Cbleaco. L)ouT«r, Kaataa City.
St. Louts. Tla Marrinex. Stoektoa.
Saerainpnto. Colfax, I'.eao 12-50*
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 . n ,
74J0P Vallejo, Saudaj only f > av "
7XQPltlcbTDond. 9aa Pablo. Port Coata,
Martinet and War Stations 11.20a
7X0p Reno Pm«ffng»r— i'ort Costa. Sal-
•an. Elmlra, 1)i»t1j. Sacramrnto.
Tmekee. Lake Tahoe. Reno,
Toao»ab, Sparka 7S0a
o.OSp Port Coata, Martinez. Bjroa.
Tracy, Latnrop. Uodtiim
Vercetl, Berenda, Frc*Do and
¦Way SUtluni beyond Port Corta 12-20P
IOSp To«»?c!te Valley, Tla Berrada aad
Wawona 3-50a
O.OSp Martinex. Tracy. Stockton 1023a
8.06P urecju & California Kxprets— Bao-
raraeuto, MitryaTllle. Heddlsc.
Portland. Puget Soun>l aDd East. 8.50a
9-1 Cp Hay war J. Ntlea and Sao Joie (Saa-
daronly) 11.50a
COAST LINE narrow Uaage).
(Koot uf »iaritet 8treet.)
7^5a Santa CraxExcunloiKSnndsy only) 8-1 Op
¦•16a Newark. Centerrnie. Sna Jote,
Felton. DoalderCrrek. Ii<?Bat!a,
._._ Saata Crux and TTay Stalloas... 5 S3t>
TS-lOA AKarado. Sewarlc, Hun Joie. Lot
Oatoa,Gler.wood. FeJton, Bowlder
J.'- Creek. Bi- Basin. Santa. Cmx.... 810p
tZ.IBp Newark, CenterTlIle. Saa Joss,
Kew Almnden. Lox U ito«. Fe: :on.
Boulder Cr^ek, Saota Crna aad
... Principal Wa7 Stations 10V>a
4.1Ep Newark. S*n Joae. Loa Gatoa t8-55A
4.15p'Wrliat, Boulder Crrek and 8»T)ta
Crux. Batnrdar aad annggT oaly. >8-55a
COAST LINE (Uroa.l bance'. *
< 13~ Cl'lilrd aaj lownaend Streeu.)
B.10a San Jose ami Way Stations 9~3li
t7- COa Saa Joie and Way Stattona 5 40p
7.16a Mont-rey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion i' sun .-l ay nnirO 10 3Tp
800a New Almaden (Tuei., yrtd.. on!y). 4. IUp
8-OOAThe Coatter — Saa Jote. Sallsat,
Saa Ardo. Pajo Ilohlea. Saata
Margarita, Saa Lais ObUpo. Santa
Baroara, Saa Basairentara,
Montalvo, Oxaard, Barbaok. Los
Angeles 1345»
8.00a Gilroy, Uoniiter. CattroTDle. Del
Sloate, Pacific QroTe, Serf, Lonv
8.03a Baa Jose. Trea**PtBOsi' CapVtoVal
eantaCrax.PactnenroTe.S-.Hnaa.
Ssa Lnit Obispo aad Principal
War Station* 4-1O
IO^Oa San Jeteand WaySt»t!oot 1.23P
11-oOA8anta Clara. Me Joie, Loa Gatot
, __ aadTTajStattoat 7.30p
IjCp Saa Joie and Way Stations 8 38a
tS-OCpDel Monte Kxprets— Saata Clara,
San Joae. Del Moats. Monterey. '
Tactflo CroTa 12-1SP
I-30P Sar'Ang^rzf. S«n Joss. Gllror, Hcl-
ittter, Tres'Plnos. Palaro. Capl-
tolo, Sanu Craz. CastroTlUe,
8*:iaas, Pacific GroTe ifj 41^
4.30p Saa Joie and Way Stations +8 00a
15 OOP Saata Clara. *an Joie. Loa Qatci.
Wright aad principal Way du-
Uona (except Sunday) t9.00A
153Up S«b JoaeaadPriaclpalWayStattoaa IB 40a
b Aip bontet Expresa.— Redwood. Saa
Joae. OI!Toy^>aliaas.Puo Uoblaa.
Baa Lui. Obtopo. Saata Barbara,
Lot Ansr»le». Oemlng. Ei Paio,
New Orlexa*. JTew Tork.. 7 «n«
S.43prajaro. Capltola, Saata Crai.Ca^-
... UoTllle.DelMont«.PaclCcOroTe. 10.45*
tB 15p EaaM«teo.Bereirord,Belraoni.?aa
Carlot. Kedwood. Fair 0*1%.
KealoParlc. Palo Alto t8.48a
mZOf Saa Joie and Way StaUooa. t.S8A
SOOpPalo Alto and Way acatlooa 10 IkI
11 .30p South SanFraneltco, MIUbra«. Bv
Itagame. Saa Mateo, BelnioaL
ftna Carlo*. P.odwood. Fair O«ii
Mealo Park, aad Paio Alto S4S«
HI SOP MarftAld, Mounula View. Sonay-
?ale, LawrtBoe, SaaU Clara aa4
»*aJo^> S»-4S»
. AforMomiaj. , T for Afttraoao, ~*
t Sond»y exc«pt<xL t 8nad«r only
« BatanUy vah- ft Mon*» r emir.
J&wiiMaiaiisuaoMeaBraiaT. '
CALIFORNU NORTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
hahtat coaspAzrr.
Tloturon rerrr. Toot oX Marke-k StreeX
SAN PBANCISCO TO SAN RATAEI^
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:«) »:0O. ll:0O a. m.;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 0:10. 5:30. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— T:SO. 8:00, 9:80. ll:0O a, m.; l:80U
2:30 3:40. 5:10. 6:30." 11:30 p. m.
SAS EAPAEL TO 8AS TSAR CISCO.
WiiiiK DAYS— 6:00. 6:&U. 7:35. 7:60^ »:2W.
11:15 a, m.; 12:30. f2:00, 8:40. 6.00. 0:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:60 t T:35. »:20. 11:15 a. au; 1:43.
3:40. 4:60. C:00. 3:20. 6:23. 7:30 p. m.
tExcept Saturday. i
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
Ean Fran. | May 1. 1004. | Ban Fran.
"Week I Sun- J Destlna- I Sun- I Weelt
Days. I days. | tlon, | days. | Days.
" 7:30a 7:43a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:4«a
8:00 a 9:30 a . XirnmeH. 10:20 a 10:20 »
2:3(»p 2::i0p 8:00 p 6:20 p.
6:10 p 8:10 p 8:20 p 7:23 p
I 7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:43 al 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa Norato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 3:30 a Petalutna. 6:20 p 6:20 j>
6:10p 2:20p and 7:25p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:43 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
800 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:2.1 p 6:20 p
2:S0 P 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:23 p
~ Windsor. <
7:30 a 7:30a Healddburr. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 pi 2:30 p GeyservtUe. 7:23 p 7:23 p
I Clovyrdale.
7:30a| 7:30 a Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
j j Willits. j I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. [ 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevlll* and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:3Op| 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. [ 8:43 p[ 6:20 i>
*8:0Oaf"S:0Oa| 8:40 a 8~4O a
6:10p'»:S0a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 pf Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
7:30 a! 7::i>» a| 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30p| 2:30 p| Sebastopot. | 7:25 p| 6:20 y
STACKS connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Kulion tor Burke s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyaervllle for Skag*i
Springs: at Cloverdal« for the Geysers. Boone-
vilie and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprtn**, Kelseyvitle. Car!a-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lalteport and Bartle::
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sjrrings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
bprings. Upper Lake. Porno. PoUer Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"s. Bucknell'*.
t-anh«>drln HeiRhts. Hullville. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptch*. Camp
Stevi-ns. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bra<s
Wekiport. Usal: at Willits for Fort Brag?
Westport. Sberwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
«ai* Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens
I^yer. Garben-JUe. PepperwooU. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sum'.ays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket Office. U.V) Market street. Chronicl*
buildins. . ¦
JAS. L. FRAZIKR. R. X. RTAN.
n»n. Jfana*<?r. Gon. Pass. Act.
The WeeMjiaJ,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
IJCA JL \ IF O R !K 1 1 A I*J
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO §1
| LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS H
§< at O:3O aw m., throngfe is. 3 day a, El
K with diner and all trapping*. fes
Other Santa re Trains i
7 :30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 I', m! J Merced. Hanf ord and Vlsalia.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCSS— 641 Market St. aad
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 87 SontJi First St.,
San Jose.
Ig|gpp!il|i| TO SANRAFAEL,
MM M^M R°ss valley,
p|fi||g^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausallto rerry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
DeDart from San Francisco." week days, at
6 30 7:10 7:45, 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a. in. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:15,
4C0 4:35. 5:15. 6:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00, 10:20.
II -35 P. m. Sundays and le^al holidays depart
it 7 10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m.' 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:13. 4:00. 4:35.
6:15. 'o:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20. 11:35
P " Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
7 00 7-35 8:15. 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12-05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15!
G-65 'i '55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:05.
8 'For P Fa?rfax. week days, depart at 7:45 a, m..
3-15 p. m., 5:15 P. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. i0;0O
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and S:15 P. «n-
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc. . »
3:15 p. n>. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. va.. dally except , Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes; «tc.
7:1B P- m.. Sundaya only — For Point Reyes, i
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICK— C2C Market Et.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway:
Leare TU S»n«ilit» rerrjj Arrive *
San Frauclsco fiat «f Marlrt St. I San Fran cluro
"Week San- sun- Week
Days. iiay». 4^*^¥^^ dny*. l>,.ys.
8:301 fS^SW^ t2T45r' R 7 «a
....10:00 a Xp^^S?*.: 1^ 2:05r'*»t:05*
10:00a 11:00a V^h^+V 3-35 1 3:C5 r
1:45 r 12:20 r Xfej*^*^ 6:40 r 0:15 »
B:15r 1:*5p 6:15 r 10:06 »
........' 4:35 P Xr' 8:50 P
'TUCrMity-Cir. * Tawalp^w U BiH Tal>y.
Tickkt J625 Makickt St. I North lihore Railroad)
Orricxs lana sacsautu Fkkjcy, foot Market 3%,
IC003XS TO LET— Porn, and l'»fnrn.
gTANYAN. ?10 — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping; facing G. G. Pa-*-
P"~rOCKTON, 41-45— Nicely furnished sunny
F;iir»; alto tingle ri'onis; $1 50. $2 50, $S
v*ck.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
X. E. COli. LEAVKNWORTH AND
ELUS-^eCXXIEST AND CLEANEST
booms in rmz city; baths: hot
,A.V1> COLD WATER IN EVERY
r.«>»iM: ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FITOM |3
PER WEEK.
THE LAKCHMONT. .101 Sutler, near Grant
«v». — Klrjrantl.v furnished room*; hot and
oold Ti»(fr; Jj:"ah>« fr<-e: *3 to $0 per wrk;
S! to SI '<O r*r day: • loctric elevator or lights.
TIfK VENDOME. Hot Market et.— Office* on
the Hist floor to let; furnished rooms in suiie
or fcir.K>, by the day. week or month; tran- i
»-;'-nt solicited. ;
THE niCHMOND. 609 Jones— HandsnTre^y fur-
nished rooms, ?1 SO week. "3c to $1 day up.
EXITED STATES. 123 Eddv. near Market — 40(>
looms. 35c to (1 night. $1 T5 to *0 week; elec-
tric ilshti <no cast, runnir.s water in every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bu»; baggage.
WINCHEFTKR Hotel. 44 2<J si., near ilarket—
Mos-S cor.vntpnt and resp?ot2bl<>: 700 rooms;
ST< to SI SC nlcht: $2 to $S week; elevator;
eiec. lisMjs; r»-dine-roem; frf» bus: bsReage.
WCI.r H<-us<!\ 2C2 Sixth K.-Roobs from 15c
to $1 pr r.lz'r.t and !rcm :X>c to J.". p<*r iv»trk.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r«v;elv*a at
Call hrsrch office, cor. Dunran and Church ets.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
<^f advertisements and wubscr'ptlons has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. ipposite Fifth
Op»n until H r. in.
XtOOSIS A3S BOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI- '
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS,
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
3015 VAN NESS. COR. OEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE, MANAGER.
5UXNY roome: excellent home cooking; fen- ¦
Henre; $20; two rneala $18. 1120 Gough, nr,
0'Farrel!. ;
VALENCIA. P3<! — Sur.ny rcom»; running water;
gru-ii hrarJ: r<vi].> or sinsle.
HA1GHT. Os. r.o.ir Matkrt — Large tumlshed
room for 2. with corrl Gemicn board.
FOURTEENTH.. M— Sur.ny furnished room.
with or without beard: reasonable.
LAKGE eunry doub> front room, with or
without boan!; reasonable. 1633B Mission.
UNION Hotel. Turk. cor. Webster — Neatly fur.
mr.ny rooms, v^ih or without board; reas.
HOTEL KENOVA. 725 Pine — Eoard and room
SCO per mor.th; sun and e'.cvator.
rnr-Y. USa, opp. Jefferson Park— Nicely fur.
s'jnry rooms; taf.e board; reas.; new ir.ang't.
JIOWARP. MIA— FlrM -class board and room,
•incl* or double. S5-JB wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Mansirn. cpp. Grace Church, annex
£07 Cslifemta — S-e rooms. learn prices, try table
A BRANCH offlre for The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market rt.. opposite Flftn.
Oprn until 11 p. m. j
M'UCIAI. NOTICES.
J»t)TICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of .CO I^aJie st.. San Francisco,
has received the following u-If orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. 1904: Margaret
L. Alexander. II years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson. 11 years 4 month*; Juanita Wals-
»orth. 30 years 5 months; May Walsworth,
£ years 11 months; Vicien Dunkle. 13 years;
Aile^n Punkle, 5 years 3 nor.thi; Doris
Dur.k>. 3 years JO months; Hazel B. Weils.
P vear? 7 mon;hs: EmeUe Deiange, 4 years 7
months; Maria Grunn, 7 years 9 months:
Ndlle Cor.oiey. 9 years 4 rncnths; Helen
Conoley. C years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves. 13 years; Evelyn I. Beeves. 10 years
7 months.
THE Ban Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght
Hreet .from April 1. 1304. to July 1. 1904:
Nellie Armstrong, 12 years 9 months; Sarah
Ellen Jchnson. 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell. 10 year?; Lillian Postell. 12 years
1*> months; Jul'.a Hoppe. 8 years 6 months;
Frederick Jofctifon. 10 vears 8 months.
PUSAN KUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
BSW1XG KACXUSCa A_X:> SUFI'LIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for' family use; best
is cheapest: eeccr.d-hand all makes at any
price: a'.i kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tie effjee. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
M:W HOME — See our new triple-feed ma.- ¦
chines: ellchtly used: 510. $15. $20; second-
hand. $";. *5. $v : all styles: guaranteed. New
Hott* S"wl:-c M-.criri* Co.. IPS' Market St.
STOIIAGE^ASD^W'ARE II O V SE S.
A— GILBERT & STOLL EtoragT7*o7Pstorage!
packing, shipping warehouse G. G. and Van
' Ness; offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; feet. South 700.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
household roods Ftored. moved, shipped. 725I
"1 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL. Van and Etorace Co., S Eddy «t •
phone Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, pres!
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co , of-
fice Post and Powell ets.; tel. Pri. Ex. 87L
CONKLirrs Stcrag* — Furniture and merchan-
- 6if*. 333 Golfien Gate eve. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN W»st ftor&se; advances made. 8*0
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zenfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmcre et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
EEKINS Van an<l Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft., tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
yiAVT. ~
MOTHERS' and daughter*' home treatment;
booklet maJled free: correspondence invitedL
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
gTrTTERIXC; ANP STAMMEUI.no.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness~&^MarkeT
le taught celebrated Melbourne system- onlv
Melbourne In U. 8.: private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2026 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
yJterda < y U :° WlB * marriftee licensee were issued
i^E22! ?*• FKiz^- S6. 692 Hayes street, and
E. Hennenkajnper. S3 692 HavSs
V.'Vhur^iS 11^: IrVlnBtOn ' Md ™?
Daniel G. Webster. 22. e27 Davis street, and
Oreaa F. Louk. 1J>, 6i« Sansome street.
Gi& p i«. B S5S£i- '*• stockton - and A - eU *
Sffis; gag
Aucust Foster. 46. 1061 Howard street, and
Ma-thilda Pettereson 26 1061 Howard street.
Martin Bandlxen. 3L St. Helena, and Eliza-
beth Boyen. 22. city. *
George Franchi. 23. 237 Fcott street, and
ClotilSe Caleetlni. 21. 420 Filbert street
Effill F. Meyer. 2«, 1404 California street.
*r.d Llssette Eisele. 20. 410 Golden Gate ave
John C. McKenna, 30. city and Mary Gll-
chtr.son. 26. city.
Kim Luna;. 23. Courtland. and Wone- Sb«e
18. Hancshan. China. '
Charles H. Stourtton. 26, Concord and Mln-
Ble C. Bchluter. 23. Germantown
TVllliara F. Z#ch. 21. 1137 Geary street, and
37.lza.beth S. Hammersmith. 18, 1S32 Geary st
Otto VT. Chorette. SO. 632 Larkin etreet. and
Ophelia Weidenir.uller. 25. 2003 Pine street.
James H. Colemaa. 21 1294 Sixth street.
and Mary Rice. IS, 12»«, Sixth street
Hert>ert A. Thayer. 28. 20 Liberty etreet. and
Ix>uU!e M. M. Schwartx. 28, 8581 Twenty-
foorth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.'
Birth, marriage aad death notices sent by
jnall will not be Inserted. They muat be handeS
la at either cf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the same and residence of per-
•ocs authorized to have the tame publisher
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
ef the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ¦
BORN.
BERNSTEIN— In this city. Jane 27 IBM. to
the wife of Losls Bernstein, a dauchteV.
KRIEDRICH — In this city, July 6. 1904 to the
wif« of H. W. Frledrtch (nee Schlriti) a
daughter fstlll born). ',•¦',*;
MeCLJNTOCK— In Oakland, Julv 5 1904 to
the wife cf H. H. McClintock " a son*
RETD-In this city JuJy 2. 1904, to the wife
of Thomas k. Reid, a daughter.
WAR1> — In this city. June 25 1904. to the
wife of Dr. H. B. Ward, a eon.
——————
BU8CH — TTICHOWEKT— In this city Jnly 2.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellnc. Hermann F
Bcsch of Omaha. Nebr., and Emma Wlchow-
sky of Ban Francisco.
FISCHER— SHANDELMAIER— In this city
July 8. 1904 by the Rev. J. Fnendellng. Paul
Fischer and Marie Shandelmaier. -
CROTSCH— STOCK— In this city June 29
1904. by the Rev. J. Fuendelin*». Johann
Grotsch aad Minna Stock.
KAMMEJV-G EOO.NROS-^j tkl* city. Jiiae 2,
1304 by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelnnder, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church. Aug-
ust Hammer and Lyyil Groonros, both of j
thl3 city. j
HIRSCH— THURICEL— In this city. July fi.
1004 l>y the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Wll'lsm «.
Hirsch" of Irvinirton, Cal., and T.Uie V.
Thurkcl of Niles. Cal.
JOORISFEN— CALHOUN— In this city. July
3. ll»04 by th» Rev. T. M. Boyd. Corneliua
: V. Joorlsyen and Roee M. Calhoun.
i SEEMANN — DOWSE — In this city. July 6.
1U04, by the Rew J. Fuendeling. Robert H.
Soemann and Louisa. L. Dowse.
THAYER— SCHWARTZ— In this city. July 6.
' l'.K)*, by the Rev. Jay William Hudson. Her-
bert A. Thayer and Ix>u!?e M. M. Schwartz,
both of San Francisco.
WILLIS— DOL'<;LASS— In this city July 2.
19CM. by the Rev. John A. Ilollaro. William
Francis V.iiiis and Charlotte Doug-lass, both
of this city. .
ZECH— HAMMERSMITH— In this city. July
6. l!t04. by the Rev. J. 1'uenUclir.g. William
V. ZccU and Elizabeth Hammersmith.
ZUHLKE— STRAN'D— In this city. July 3,
1804. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. George
Zuhlke and Katie Strand.
i DIED.
Barret. Sablna Hourlgan, Margaret
Bassett. Alonzo Istel, Sophia
Belden. Daisy L. Johnson, Theodore
liremer, Magdrlma Kanja. Edmund
CoCey. John Kearns. Thoma6
Cotter, ilury E. I^atr.othe. Eliza
Cullen. John J. Monteith. George W.
Covellier, Mary A. Moulton. Frank E.
Donnell. Edmund W. Norton, Bridget
Emerton. Margaret O'llryen. Edward P.
Fimbreatli. Arthur F. Rogers, M Aubrey
Gabbs, Albert S. L Scanlan Rev. Patrick
Gunn. Gertrude C. Shaw. Edward J.
Hayes. Patrick Wolff. Julius
Hooper. Franklin P.
BARRET— In this "city July 6. 1P04, Sablna.
beloved wife of the late Thomas Barret, and
mother of William and Jennie Lyons and
the late John J. Lyons, a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged C3 years.
t->" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from her late residence,
•4079 Nineteenth street, near Castro, thenc*
to the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her eoul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemstery.
BASSETT— In Oakland. July 6, 1904. Alonio,
dearly belored husband of Mary A. Bassett,
and father of Mrs. Eveline Bvers and Mrs.
Fred Brown of El Paso. Texas, a native of
Portland. Me., aged 71 years 5 months and
5 days.
OTuneral services and Interment strictly
private.
BELDEN— In Oakland, July 6 1904, Daisy
Louise, daughter of Goorpeana B. and the
late Henry K. Belden. and sister of Dr. R.
K., D. F. and Nadirs Belden a native of
Oakland, aged 22 years.
BP.EMER— In Alameda. July 6 1904 at her
residence. 823 Central avenue, Magdelena.
beloved wife of the late Christian Bremer,
and mother of Agnes D and the late C H.
Brenier, a native of Holsteln. Germany,
aerej C8 years 4 months and 10 days.
u_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 11 o'clock, from "her late residence. 813
Central avenue. Alameda. Interment private.
COFFEY— In thU city, July 4, 1904, John
Coffey, brother of James Coffey of New
York, a native of New York, aged 24 years
10 months and 18 days.
t£7The funeral will take piace to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors cf
the United Undertakers, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COTTER— In this city. July 6, 1904, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Richard J. Cot-
ter, daughter of Catherine and the late John
Hanlon. and sister of Mrs. William Forester.
Mrs. John W. Keller and Edward and John
Il8nlon. a native of Trinity County, Cal.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitcd*>to attend the funeral Friday,
July 6. 1904. at 10 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 431G Nineteenth street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repoae cf her soul, commencing at 10:30
a. "m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CULLEN— In Mill Valley July 5. l!>04, John
Jay. ecm of Mary and the late John J. Cul-
ler., a native of Kan Krancloco, aged 28 years
E7"Funeral cervices to-day. July 7 1904"
at 12 o'clock, at his residence In Mill Val-
ley. Interment private.
CUVELLIER— In Oakland. July 6, 1904 Mary
.Antonla Cureliier. beloved wife of 'B C
Cuvelller. mother of Rene Charles, Jean-
netto. Harold and Carmeliia Cuvellier, and
elster of William, Adella and Celeste Tofflez
a native of Louisiana, aged 48 years. (New
Orleans papers pleafe copy.)
(CTFuneral cervices Friday at 2 o'clock,
at ber late residence, 1223 Union strtet,
Oakland. Services and Interment private.
DONNELL — In this city, July 6, 1304 Ed-
mund W Donnell, a native of Norths-Caro-
lina, aged 79 years.
EMEKTON— In this city, July 6. 1904 Mar-
garet, beloved wife of J. W. Emerton and
mother of George. Mary. Isabelle. Delia and
William Emerton. a native of Ireland, aged
t9 years 3 months and 18 dayc.
C7The funeral will tak» place to-day
<Thursdaj). at 7:H0 a. m.. from her late
residence, 146 Duboce avenue, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero streets, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 8 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIMBREATH— In this city. July 5, 1904 Ar-
thur F., dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Mary Flmbreath. and brother-in-law of Wil-
liam. John, Frederick, Henry and Herman
Block and Mrs. Alfred Gllbart a native of
Louisiana, agtd 46 years 7 months and 7 :
flays. (Los Angeles, Cai., an«l Jacksonville, i
Or., papers please copy.)
ETFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
"•(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from his late real-
Cence. 4H Greenwich street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, Post and Montgomery streets.
where Masonic services will be held at 1 :30
p. m. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OABBS— In this city. July 6. 1904. Albert
Stephen Isaiah Gabbs, dearly beloved husband
of Clara C. GaJbbs. and father of Albert A..
Gertrude V. and LJly O Gabbs, a native of 1
Cleveland, Ohio, aged Cl years 1 month and
13 days. A member of California Lodge No.
1. F. and A. M.
GUNN— In thla city. Jnly 6, 1904. Gertrude
Christina Gunn daughter of the late Robert
and Elizabeth Gunn. and sister of Jessie E..
Ethel H. and Helen R. E. Gunn, a native of
Los Angeles. Cal., aged 31 years.
ETTtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at her late residence. 912 Sixth avenue. East
Oakland, on Friday, July 8. at 2 o'clock.
Interment private.
HAYES— In this city. July 6, 1904 Patrick
Hayes, a native of County Limerick Ire-
land, aged 22 years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:10 o'clock, from th« resi-
dence of his cousin, George Ryan, 1005 Treat !
avenue, thence to St. Peter's Church, whera '
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HOOPER — In* this city. July 8. 1904. Franklin
P., brother of John A.. Charles A. and
George W. Hooper and Mrs. W. E.' Norwood
a native of Bangor Me., aged 67 years 9
months and 27 d.aya.
CTFriends are Invited to attend the serv-
ices Thursday, July 7, at 10 o'clock, at the
residence, 2522 Green street. Interment pri-
vate.
HOURIGAN— In this city. Jnly 4, 1904, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John Hourlgan. and
loving mother of James Hourlgan Mrs J.
Stephens nnd Mm. E. Fitrpatrlck a native
cf Ireland.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1839 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro?s Cemetery.
ISTEL— In this city, July 6, 1904. Sophia Istel
dearly beloved mother ot A. E. Sachse and
Mrs. William Brown, and sister of Julius
Gradwobl cf Albany. Or., a native of Al-
sace. (Chicago papers please copy.)
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. Jnly 8, 1904. at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1969 Eddy etreet. Interment
Salem Cemetery via electrlo funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11:30
a. m.
JOHNSON— In this city. July 8, 1904, Theo-
dore Johnson, a native of Quaker City, Ohio,
aged 44 years 3 months and 14 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty * Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Officers and members of Harmony Lodge
No. 9. A. O. U. W., are requested to attend.
A. STEVBNSON, M. W.
" C. S. FENN. R. D. R.
KANJA— In this city, July 6, 1904. Edmund
Kanja. a native of Sch',w«lam, Germany, aged
28 years.
KEARNS — In Los Angelea. July 2. 1904,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Kearns, and father of Mrs. J. W. Law and
Thomas. William. Nellie, Frank. Jerome and
Henry Kearns, a native of San Francisco,
aged B0 years.
LAMOTHE— In San Rafael. July 6. 1904. Eliza
Lnmothe. beloved wife of Dr. Alfred La-
raotbe. a native of New Orleans. - aged 33
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2S89-2341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San "Francisco.
I James McQlnn, Henry House nl
JAMES McGINN & CO
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers -
214 Eddy st: -Tel. South 678.
yeara 4 months and 2 days. (New Orleans ,
papers please copy.)- - . . !
- EyFriend* and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, July 8. ll)C4 at 12:30 o'clock, nt
the mortuary chapel of Julius B. Godcau, 810
Van Ness avenue, between Eddy and Ellis
streets, thence to French Church, where
services will be held, commencing at 1 ;
P. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MONTEITH— In thi» city- July C. 1904. George-
W. Monteith. beloved father of Alice James
and Marie Monteith. a native of Jackson,
Mich., aged 42 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Manitou Tribe No. 12S, Im-
proved Older ot Red Men and Poeahontas
Council No. 3. D. o!^>. ; Sargent Lodge No.
3C8. I. O. O. F., Sr.d Templar Rebecca
Lorf«re No. 19. I O. O, F., and Golden City
Lodge Xo. <J3, K. of P.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of the
United Undertakers. 806 Mission street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, under the auspice*
of Mar.itou Tribe No. 128, Improved Order of
Rpd Men. Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory.
MOULTON— In Ben Lomond. Santa Cruz
- County, July 5. 1904, Frank E. Moulton, be-
loved son of Mrs. Mary S. Moulton. nnd
brother of Mrs. Ellen N. Verrlnder, a native
of California, aged 33 years 6 months and 15
days.
NORTON— In this city. July 6, 1004. Bridget,
beltfi-ed wife of Patrick Norton, mother of
Michael, Mary and the late James Norton
and Mrs. P. J. Lannln, and cousin of Mrs.
William James of Oakland, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years and 7 months.
O'BRYEN — In this city. July 6. 1004, Edward
P., dearly beloved son of Theresa and the
late P. E. O'Bryen. and brother of Mollie I.
O"Bry*n, a native of San Rafael, aged 25
years 8 months and 10 day*. .',
CTThe. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13*3 McAllister street, thence to" St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mess will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
strictly private, San Rafael. Kindly omit
flowers.
ROGERS— In this city. July 1. 1904. M. Au-
brey, beloved son of M. H. and Ella Mno
Rozers, a native of San Francisco.-- aged 7
months and 3 days.
SCANLAN — A month's mind solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoae of
the soul of the late Rev. Patrick Scanlan.
to-day (Thursday), at 10 a. m.. at St.
Joseph's Church. Friends ar« Invited to at-
tend.
SHAW— In this city, Jnly 6. 1804. Edward J..
belored son of the late Mary J. Shaw, and
brother of the late Charles R. Shaw, a na-
tive of Denver, Colo., aped 84 years 1 month
and 2 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., 113T Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
wlil be held under the auspices of Varnlsh-
ers" and Polishers' Union. Local No. 184. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WOLFF— In this city July 6, 1904. Julius, be-
loved husband of Celia Wolff. belov<sfl »on
of T. Wolff and brother of Harry. Lewis.
Willie and Sadie Wolff, a native of San
Francisco, arred 26 years 2 months and 23
days. A member of Houaesmlths' and Ar-
chitectural Iron Workers' Local No. 78, and
Veteran 'of American- Spanish War, Camp
Reinhold RIchter.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tfie funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dierks, 937 Mis-
sion street, thenc* to Third and Townsend
streets, by train at 11:30 to Home of Peace
Cemetery for Interment.
Comrades Reinhold RIchter Camp United
Spanish War Veterans, No. 127: You are
hereby notified, to attend the funeral of our
late comrade, Julius Wolff, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dierks, Mission
street, near Sixth, on Thursday, July 7, at
9:30 a, m. By order.
OTTO F. HUBER. Commander.
G. H. BALL, Adjutant,
ST. DOMINIC S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO.
ClATION — The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church, Thursday,, at 9
a. m."Packers report medium Hogs ia light supply '
and steady, while small are overplentiful and '
weak. The demand for all descriptions i> t
IlKbt * DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers ta dealers
are as follows: •
BEEF— 5%©6?ic for Steers and iQSc per lb !
f °VEAL— Large. 768c: small 839 He per lb. |
MUTTON— Wethers. SOSHc; Ewes. 768c j
J»«10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. BHfiSLJe per IK
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered t ln San Francisco. leu 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7H67Hc: Cows and Heif
ers 5Vi66Hc: thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — 4«4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wetbers. 3433?4c; Ewes. 3Q3Uc
per lb (gross weight). "
LAMBS— $2 60GT2 75 per head
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs 4% c .
200 to 250 lbs,~4*ic: 130 lbs and under 4W :
over 250 Its. 4Uc; soft Hoffs, samlaal: 8owa!
Meat Market.
CoutUued on Pa^e Eighteen.
ONIONS— New Red, $I©1 10 per sack- Sll
versklns. $1 40©l 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES-^Green - Corn. $l@l 75 per
sack or crate;. Asparagus. 4@7c per lb; Rho
b&rb. 10£75c per box; Gardes Peas. -tSHic
The Potato market was booming again yes
terday, as receipts were much lighter than_ex
pected. and in addition to the regular demand
for local wants there was a brisk Inquiry for
good stock for export. As usual, whites had
the most call, and the entire manifest of on«
river steamer wa* cleaned up at $292 10 per
cental. The first Sweet Potatoes of the season
appeared from the Coachella Valley. One 10-lb
crate came In 'and sold at 20c per pound.
Onions, like Potatoes, were wanted for. export
and as receipts were light prices ranged higher
The mark«t for miscellaneous vegetables waa
still heavily supplied with most descriptions
and prices continued to decline. Receipts of
Green Corn were over "OO sacks. Stocks of
Cucumbers and Summer Squash were exces
sive and Tomatoes were in Increased supply.
Mississippi Tomatoes were offering at $1 25
per crate, but sold slowly owing to the abun
dance and low prices « of offerings from do
mestic points. . String Beans were dull, except
for the fanciest stock, and the canners picked
up several Iota at lc per pound. Receipts of
Green Peppers and Egg Plant are steadily la
creasing. - -»' -¦-,'¦¦" ¦
POTATOES — New White. $1 RM2 25 peretl;
Early Rose, $1 5001 85 per ctl; Garnet 'Chiles,
$1 6001 75 per ctl: old Potatoes, $lf?l 25 per
cental. • '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The rate of di«<v»unt in the open market for
short bills Is 1%C2 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ..90 11-18'rf T Central 120*4
Do acet 90UlN/ir & Western... r.nu
Anaconda 3MI Do pfd pn
Atrhlson 7r,% Ont A Western... ?Ki£
Do nM 97 (Pennsylvania C0U
Bait A Ohio «4Vitnand Mines 10U
Can Pacific 12fl (Readinir 24*;
Cbes A Ohio S3 I Do 1st pfd 42U
Chi Great West.. 14U| D« Jrl pfd s-.i:
Chi . Mil & St P.1438£lSo Railway ?,"*
De Beers 1!>i4l Do pfd JS!>U
D*n A nio G ?2^ilSo Pacific a?ji4
Do pfd 72 I Union Pacific .... «4iJ
Erie 2.".*il Do pfd fw, *
D« Irt VTO . «l r <IU S St~l ma;
D" 2d pfd 3«*4f Do nfd w>
TJI •Vntrai 1^7 (Wabash iflt;
Tyiui« * Xash .'.".. 11 SMI Do r.fd nr-d
M. K A Texan... 17M!Snant«h 4s sd\
Rar Bilver— Firm. 2G 15-16d per ounce
Money— 1V»^1^ P*r cent.
Canary Seed has again advanced, with light
stocks everywhere. Otherwise, there Is nothing
new under this head. Business continues dull.
-- BEANS— Bayos. $2 40#2 55: Pea. $2 90®3:
Butters $3: small White, $2 8593 10; large
White $2 35©2 60; Pink. $3 40®3 50; Red?
$4 2.T5"4 50; Lima. $3 30@3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 75#5: Blackeye, $2 OS® 2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2Q2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 2.1©4 60; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50^3: Flax. $1 75*r2: Canary.
6«ie7c: Alfalfa. 14^ei8c; Rape, 2g2»4c: Tim
othy ftfffl'Ac; Hemp, 3H@4c per lb; Millet.
SffSHe: Broom Corn Seed. $20£21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nllea,
$3 25; Green Peas. $3<?3 23.
Beans and Seeds.
KANSAS CITT. July 6.— CATTLE— Rec
celpts, 5000; steady; native steers. $5 25®
8 40; native cows and heifers. $2®5'35; stock
ers and feeders. (2 85®4 75; bulls, $2 500
4 25: calves, $2 50fM 50: Western steers. S4S
«; Western cows. $2@4, 25. " -
HOGS— Receipts. 5000: 5c higher; heavy
$5 35®5 45: packers, $5 25©5 40; pigs and
HbMs. $4 50*?5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; strong; muttons
$.15085; lamb*. $4 GO-gfl 50; range wethers,
$3 7r>ii4 50; ewes, *2 50^4.
Kansas City.
HOGS— Receipts. 8500r shade higher; heavy
*.-..3(ifi.1 35; mixed. $5 2535 30; light, $5 200
5 30; pigs, ?4 75@5 10. ~
SHEEP— Receipts. 2500: stronger; Western
yearlings, $3 25(84 23; lambs, $4 75@6.
OMAHA, Nebr.. July 6.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2Ti00; clow, weak; native steers, $4 500
6 15; cows and heifers, $394 50; Western
steers, $31?4 75; cows and heifers, $2 25®4 50
stockers and feeders, $2 75§4 20; calves. $3O
5 25. - w
Omaha.
Seven hundred range Iambs were sold to-day
on the Chicago market for $7 40 per 100
pounds. This Is the highest price ever paid
for Western grass lambs, the previous record
being $C 00 paid /In July, . 1901. at Chicago.
The lambs sold to-day were shipped from El
lenbunr. Wash., and averaged 63 pounds a
h*ad. .
HOGS — Receipt*. 25.000; steady to 6c hlgh
er; mixed and butchers. $5 35@5 62U; heavy
$5 .".055 65; light. $5 3.1(55 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000; steady: lambs,
weak: good to choice wethers, $4 25S5 23
"Western sheep, $3 75©4 10; Western lambs.
$3 PO®5.
CHICAGO. July 6.— CATTLE— Receipts.
18.000; steady: good to prime steers. $5@-5 65;
poor to medium. $4 3d£4 50; stockers and
feeders. $2 25@4 25; cows and heifers, $1 50a
B 40: bulls. $2<g4 25; calves. $4 50@8; Texan*.
$4 25@5.
Chicago.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands eall |
about H01e under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. »Hc: medium, 9c: light. 8Hc; Cow :
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8Hc for light; SUga
Cc; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. ICc- Salted '
Calf. lOHPllc: dry Hides. l«c : dry Klr» l-£- I
dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25® 40c i
each; short Wool'. 40©65c each; medium 75<a ;
90c: long Wool. $1«1 50; Horse Hides,' salt. I
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium $1 "5 •
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts. * Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 f or 1
medium. $1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colts i
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c : dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30>5.T!Hc
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large
flo. $1 25: large and smooth. 80c; medium 33c- ,
small. 20c. * ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 494V*c per lb:
No 2 3%c; grew. 2H©3c. ,
WOOL— Spring Clip— HumboliSt and Vendo
cino 17©19c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
morths*. 10©12c; do 7 months'. 9911c per lb; !
Middle Counties. 13<917c for free and 12915c :
for defective; Northern. IWtlSc for free and
14Sl«c for defective; Nevada. 13918c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 25©27>4c per lb for Cali
fornia 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at,17%©2Oc
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
The Tonopah mining stocks opened actlv*
after the holidays and sales were lars*. a*
will be seen, though prices were unsettled.
The Comstock mining stocks were lower an4 .
weak at the decline. Business on the Stock
and Bond Exchange was dull, with fluctuations
too f#w and narrow for comment.
The California-Street Cable Railroad Coat'
pacy will pay a regular monthly dividend cf
75 cents per share on July 13.
The Martn County Water Company will pay
a regular quarterly dividend of 75 cents pep
share on July 11. ¦;.,;•;
The Nevada National Bank will pay a regi)-*
lar semi-annual dividend st the rate of 7 v*f
cent per annum on July 15.
1 Semi-annual Interest will be payable t<vday
on the 6 per cent bonds of the Oakland Tran
sit Company.
During the past year the Bank of Japaa pail
two dividends at the rate of 12 per cent per
annum on Its capital of $30,000,000.
The San Domingo Gold Mining Company of
Calaveras County has levied as assessment of
25 cents per share, delinquent August 2.
Ex -dividend yesterday : Imperial Oil Com
pany monthly of 20 cents per share, amount*
Ing "to $20,000; Thirty-Three Oil Company,
monthly of 10 cents per chare, amounting to
$10, COO.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106 1 il0rt*4!4« qr cp new.132S13.1U
4s qr reg...lO6V4iofl* 4 i3s qr coup...lO« 108i»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W 3s. — — Oak T Co 6s.U»t£ —
Bay CPC 5a. — 102 Do 5s — m
Cal C G 5s. — 104H Do con 3s. 100*4 —
Cal G i E l jOeeanic S 5s. — 72*4
n Act St. 84 S3 Om Cable 6». — ITS
Cal-st C 5a. — 115*4 Pac G Ia 4s. 92ti JW
C C Wat 5s. — 1C0 !P E Ry 5s.lO2VilO4*4
EdL A P Ss.124 — IP * C H 6a.lO3 —
F A C H 6s.m — IP 4 O R 6s.H0 —
Geary-st 5a.. — *0 i Powell- « *•. — it»
H C4S 5Vis.lW> — fSac EGARSs. 9rt M
Do 5s .... OSH — ISF A SJV5«.117 —
Hon R T ««.1O5 — Sierra R 6s.. — US
L A Elec 5». — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. 112 — <190J» 10* _
L A L Co 6s — — I (1910> 1M^ —
Do gtd 6s. — — IS P of C 6s
Do gtd 5S.102H — I nrXtfJSr A.ioj^ — „
LAP lctn 5».W1 — ! M9PR)Sr B.KVtt^ —
Mkt-st C "s.113 — t (10Cfi> 1C5 —
Do lent 5s.ll4mi5H! «1912) 115H —
MVA MtTTw«.10m — IPPC 1 c* 5s.H0 —
NRR of C««.104"W — Dt, stmp<i. ,10*^ _
Do 5s H7V4 — iS P B R es.1.11 1.14
N P C R Ss.104 — IS V Wat ta.insv, 10314
N" C Ry 5s- — 112 j Do 4s 2dm. t*% SftUj.
N C P C 5s. — 1<*> j Do 4s 3<Sm. Of* M»4
N B R R 5s- — 101 I Do r mf*4s 97V, —
OOLAH5S.107 — jstkn G*E«s. »2'4 —
O W gtd 8s. — 100 |n G A E 5s. — 1C24
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 34 — [Port Costa... — —
Martn Co. . . — W IS V Wat Co. 33% »*,
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. t^i 3*ilS F G A E. 5»U M*4
Mutual E L. 12 13 iStkn O * E. 8% —
Pac L Co... iiV* - ll'CftECa- —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'B Fnd.310 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l27H — lL P A A... — 153
Anglo-Cal .. KH, S6*a1MeT Tru« 210 23O
llank of Cal.424 — iMerch EX....5O —
Cal Safe Dp. — 1C0 IK F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS
Oer 8 * L.22S0 2=50 I Sar A L So. _ 100
Hum SAL.— — I Sec Sav Bk.3S0 —
Mutual Fav. — 110 1 Union T Co.. — —
» F Sar U.«*> — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 [PresUto 40 43
Geary — — I
CHICAGO, July 6. — On the Produce Ex
charge to-day, the butter market was weak.
Creameries, 13^@17'.,ic: dairy, 12gl5c. Eggs
firm. 14@15c. Cheese, fO8V4c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Moneyi- |Un Shoe Mach... 43%
Call loans 2ST3^4I Do pfd 2J»U
Time loans 3@4%|U S Steel m;
Bonds — I Do pfd BTT^J
Atchlson 4s 101 v>\ Westing Common. 78
Do adj 4s 03HI Mining—
Mex Central 4s... 61',£l Adventure it;
Railroads — Allouez sit
Atchlson 75 Amal Copper .... 50*?
Do pfd S4% Amer Zinc nu
Boston & Albany.245 | Atlantic ;v,
Boston * Maine.. 1R5 IBIngham 23K
Boston Elev 149 I Calumet & Hecla.4fi5
Fltehbur* pfd 135 ICentennial 21 U
Mex Central 7%|Copper Rang* ... 43114
N T. N H & H..1PI (Daly West 2314
Pere Marquette... 7S !Dom Coal 43
Union Pacific 91T4 Franklin 7
Miscellaneous — iGrancy 3
Amer Arge Cfcem. IZ^Ifle Royale s
Do pfd 74 I Mass Mining 3SJ
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 | Michigan 31;
Amer fiugar 128V.1 Mohawk 4ii{
Do pfd IZ'SHtMont Coal A Coke 3*;
Amer Tel & Tel.l2f)VilOId Dominion ... 19i2
Amer Woolen ... 10^4|Parrot ?«>
Do pfd 7« IQulney jt5
Dom Iron ft S... "UlShannon rk
Ed Elect Ilium. ..2tft iTamarack 91
Oen Electric 15« | Trinity 471Z
Mass Electric IB^iU 8 Mining 21 w
Do pfd 72 I IT 8 Oil 10
Mass Gas SflSilWInona ru
United Fruit 102%| Wolverine 7354
LARD— Tierces quoted at «©«Hc per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half- barrels pure
9V*e: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-ib tins'
10c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. SH«i one tierce, SUc; two tierces
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, lO^c for light medium. 12We for lirht.
13 for extra light and 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13 Vic; Cali
fornia Hams, 12140: Mesa Beef S1O9
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $ll«ll 50: Family
$12frl2 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra,
clear $21; Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork 9Me-
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef'
14c per lb.
The market continues quiet, both hero and la
the West.
Provisions.
CHICAGO, July 6. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour firm: No. 2 spring wheat !M@
96c; No. 3, 00»;@91c: No. 2 red, J»Sc#$l; No.
2 corn. 4»c: No. 2 yellow. 50%c; No. '1 oats.
3J)c; No. 3 white. 37%01O%c; No. 2 rye. 65c;
good fredine barley, 30g.15c; fair to choice
malting. 42®5«c: No. 1 flaxseed. ?1 10; No. 1
northwestern. $1 16: prime timothy seed. $2 90;
mess pork, rr bbl.. 512 65*312 l>0; lard, per
1C0 lb*., $7 OM?7 07%: short ribs sides (loos?).
57 r!7%e7 50;ahort clear sides (boxed) §7 25@
7 50; whiskey, basis .of high wines, $1 28; clov
er, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts Shipments.
Flour, bbls 27.JKK) . 20.SO0
Wheat, bu 160.000 lll.OOO
Corn, bu 25*1.300 4&5.20O
Oats, bu 2S5.700 147.C0O
Rye, bu 1.000
Barley, bu 30,800 1,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW YORK. July 6. — More than twice as
many ehares of stocks were dealt In at the
Stock Exchange to-day than was tbe case
yesterday, and yesterday's total was more than
twice a» large as the already enlivened deal-
Ings of the preceding session on Friday. The
supposition that the general demand for se
curities has experienced a sufficient revival, as
indicated by this rate of growth, awakens
some skepticism over the character of the
movement of the market. There were other
feature* brought out in to-day's market which
strengthened the cplnion that the movement
i« largely a professional one in Its present
stage. But the momentum imparted to the
price movement by yesterday's operations car
ried tbe level of values to a considerably
higher level to-day. Union Pacific retained
a position of Influential leadership In the mar
ket, but was not bo dominant as yesterday,
and was the subject of profit . taking along
with others conspicuous . In yesterday's
movement. The position of conspicuous lead
ership to-day was taken by Pennsylvania and
United States Steel preferred. The large buy-
Ing of these to-day came from the same quar
ters as that of Union Pacific and Hi. Paul
yesterday. The news to account for 'the ad
vance in thes« two stocks was meager, but
the belief that prices of steel products would
be maintained by the pools and that the
preferred dividend on United States Steel would
b« maintained were dwelt upon. The drift of
political discussion In stock exchange circles
made it evident that the belief is general
that the candidates and the issues between
the two great political parties are practically
decided upon and the supposition was not
lacking that the operations In the markets were
baaed en conditions thus Implied. Crop news
would hardly account for the advance In stocks,
as th* staple markets reflected a good deal of
apprehension over the crops and especially the
wheat market. A rl«e of nearly 4 points ic
Northern Securities on the curb was a sym
pathrtic help to the general market-, but was
unexplained. An advance In the price, of cop
*<>r led to th« ri»e in Amalgamated Copper.
An argument much heard for the. advance In
the ceneral list wa* the supposed existence
of a very large and long-standing short Inter
est la the market, which must be obliged lo
take etocks to covtx short contract* if the rise
Is extended to sufficient proportions. The mar
k l r /••*«««<J"r carried to the top level of
th* <lsy In the final hour after much realizing
had been disposed of and the dcslng was fair
ly «U-ady. but not at the best prices
Bond* were gmerally firm. Total" rales' nar
value. fS.3uO.000 United Sutes bond, we"
unchanged on call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST
Stocks— Sales. Hieh. Low. Close
Atchlson ... 35.C00 75Vi 74% -41-
Atchlson prd l.noo »4% .oji! n«4!
Halt & Ohio 15.3<tf S2%. 8isf 82*
Bait & Ohio VT& .. ?! B2U
Canadian Pacific. C. 2,500 125*i i"',ii i*>t»?
Central of X J •>. 100 164 lift [m*
Chesap & Ohio ... 2.900 S2T4 3- S.V
Chi & Altcfl. 200 ."3% 39 s*ii
Chi & Alton pfd... 1C0 80>: fto>i so?
Chi & G Western.. 100 143% ur.il ¦ ui&
Chi & Northweitn. 1,100 171% 170% >i7iv
Chi Mil & st Paul 2s.sno, nevl usnI unit
Cht Mil & St P pfd 100 178% 178*4 17S
Chi Term It Trans. 400 6% •«»£ . «j£
Chi Terra & T pfd. 500 16% 10 • is«i
C C Cl Et LouU. 100 715, 71*4 7 j«J
NjTcV York Stock Market.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at t4.8725S4.S73O for
dimar.d and at $4.S535tj4.«540 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates, ft $C,<gi as.
Commercial bills. J4 h5%.
Bar silver. 5fe?4c.
Mexican dollars. 4 r > 1 .,r.
Eonds — Governments, eteady; railroads, firm.
NEW YORK. July '6. — Close: Money on
call, easy, IS Hi per cent; closing bid 1%. ol
ftrred l l /t per cent.
Time loans, firm; 60 and 90 days, 2$i@2} 4
percent; six months, 3g3>/4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3U@4 per cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
Tonopah Stocks Active, but the
Others Still Dull.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MAEKET.
"Practically all 'the Hay being shipped at
present is new crop; some .few straggling caw
of the old crop still continue to arrive, but
from this date«on there will be but little dis
tinction made in prices."
BRAN— 122^23 per ton . '
MIDDLINGS— *24@29 per ton.
SHORTS— *22<f?23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, *21ft22 per
ton: Oilcake. Meal at the mill. $30 5O@31 tt>;
jobbing. $."52: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. S30-S0&31 M>; Cracked .Corn. $31 @-?2;
Mixed Feed. $22&22 50: Horse Beans. $30&40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Old crop — Wheat $10®l4 50; Wheat
and Oat. $11@13; Oat. S9S12. New crop — Vol
unteer Wild Oat. f$@10 per ton; Wheat. flOf*
13; Wheat and Oat. S10@ll 50; Oat, $9 503
11 BO; Clover. $6 60^8 60; Alfalfa, S7§10 50
per ton.
STRAW — 60@S5c per bale.
Bran continues to corns in freely from the
north and the market is easy in consequence.
Receipts of Hay were lighter yesterday, but
there has been too much on the market lately
and the feeling is weak.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Shipments of Hay have been running
fairly heavy during the past week the total
being 3100 tons, practically the same quan
tity received during the week preceding. To
sum up the situation we would report that In
San Francisco the market is weak but in
the country the feeling is rather strong. In
most districts the farmers are holding for high
prices, considerably above the San Francisco
market. The consumers feel indisposed to buy
at their figures and there Is nothing going on
here except a hand-to-mouth business Out
side districts will figure to quite an extent
with us this season, and it looks as though
shipments would run quite heavy from this
time on in spite of the determination on the
part of many farmers to hold their Hay until
they get a certain high figure.
"There has been some little rumor of late
that the Japanese are looking for Hay on the
coast. All reports tend to show that they favor
Timothy Hay. so tf an "order Is placed in this
cour.try In all probability It will go north. We
had hoped that this foreign trade would help
the San Francisco market materially, but at
the present writing the outlook Is rather dis
couraging.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
O1 f RUITS— New crop futures— Apricots. 70
9»,c; Peaches. 5H£7Hc per lb. Old crop—
Evaporated Apples. 5@7c: sun-dried. 3fi4Uc
1903 crop. 262%c for the f?ur
R^J SI S S ~ F - °- b - prlc *» for 1903
crop Subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50- lb boxes— Loose Muscatels 4-crown.
4c per Ib; 3-crown. 4*ic: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown. 4e: 2-crown. 3»ic: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas 3 He; seedless.
Muscatels. 3»4e: do floated. 3Hc: Seeded Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy. 5Hc; choice 5%e;
12-ox cartons, fancy. 4«4c: choice. 4%c- In
bulk, fancy. 5*4 c; choice, fle; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. §2- London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. *l 25
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 aoftshell.- 13%«l4c;
No. J. imei2c; No. 1 hardshell 13«m%c :
!L°; 2 \i U 81 , 1 * 1 Almonds, llHe for Nonpai
reils. 11 He for I X U lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6#7c for
Eastern: Pecans llftl.V: Cocoanuts *4 5OC5
HONET— Comb, ll*i@12^c for White and
lO^llc for amber; water white extracted 6»
6c; light amber extracted. 4^95c; dark.
BEESWAX— 27329c p*, jb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty I
hours ending midnight July 7:
Northern Califcrnia-^-Cloudy Thursday, pos- i
Blbly. thunder storms in the Sierras ThurMay j
afternoon: light southerly winds.
Southern California — Cioudy Thursday; light '
south weft wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; probably thunder I
storms in the mountains.
San Franci»~o and vicinity — Cloudy, unset- i
tied weather Thursday; possibly sprinkles In j
the morning: light south winds, changing to
fresh westerly.
';; Al G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin. '
For the twenty-four hours ending 5pm
120rh meridian time. Saa FrancUco, July 6,
~ S 2 3 i 3
H5" t s p £.
t * fl - . Q *? 3s
STATIONS. 3 3 S ° Q # | =
? ? * 5 •-¦:.. SS-I
Cloverdale SC S3 Clear .00
Colusa 00 64 .... Clear .00
1 Eureka 54 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno as K2 NW Clear .00
Hanford lrt) «rt Clear .00
HoKlster 70 52 Lt.Fog .O0'
InJepend«nce !K» 70 SW Pt.Cldy .00
King City si 51 N Clear .00
Liverpore 7V» 52 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles 76 5s SW Clear .00
Merced 03 55 Clear .00
Newcastle OS LH 3 Clear .00
Newman 101 Cl Clear .00
Palermo 93 «1 .... Pt.Cldy .00
I Port-?n-iHe t*S 72 Clear .00
Red Eluff »S 70 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Riverside 89 57 Clear .00
Sacramento SO 58 S Clear .00
San L>iego t;S 00 W Clear .00
San Francisco 56 50 W Cloudy .00
San Jose 7S £5 Clear ¦ .00 ',
San Luis Obispo &i 50 NW Clear .00
i?ar>ta-Marta 70 53 :... Clear .00
Santa Rosa 74 50 Clear .00
Stockton 88 60 Clear .00
Willows t»4 64 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Hanford — Farmers busy cutting grain, crop
excellent; Iruit doing nicely.
Santa Maria — Same cool weather continues;
grain threehiiig from 8 to 15 sacks per acre.
Riverside— Alfalfa making good crop.
Holllster — Codlin moth injuring apples and
pears in orchards not sprayed.
Saa Jose Apricots coming in fast.
Livermore — Heading wheat and threshing ia
pix-gress.
Eanta Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Palermo — Orange crop developing welL
Cloverdale— Conditions continue favorable for
large grape crop.
Newman— No change.
King City — Th.ree.hlng will be completed in
about a month.
Willows — Crop conditions unchanged.
Stocktcn — Apricot shipments falling off.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Hour. J3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
*<; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do $4 25;
Oat Groats. ?4 50; Hominy. $434 25;" Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. *4;
Farina, »4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25©8 00; In sacks, $6 73®
8 10; Pearl Barley. J6; Split Peas, boxes, |7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
. FLOLR— California Family Extras. $4 60@
490. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50©4 go;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing. at $3 S^Qi 25
per bbl. < '
Flour and Millstuffs.
'.July ." 7 12V4 7 12*i 7 05 7 05
September ..... 7 30 7 30 7 15 7 20
' October 7 25
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs —
(July 7 45 7 47V4 "45 7 47%
: September 7 77%, 7 77% 7 82U 7 70
j October 7 SO 7 S2% 7 87% 7 75
CHICAGO. July 6.— Weather conditions In
j the southwest were the dominant influence in
j wheat to-day. All other factors were of com
j paratively minor consequence. Reports of
j heavy rains In Kansas. Missouri and Iowa
caused bullish sentiment at the start, and lnl
' tlal quotations on September were up %c to
I at 83HOS3V4c. There was an active de
; mand for Sectember from shorts, resulting
i In an advance of about %c during the first
I hour of trading. The July option also was in
I good demand. There was liberal liquidation
of September going on early In the day but
the market nevertheless continued to gain in
¦ strength. September sold up to 83V4c Predic
tions of .additional rain in the southwest had
much to do with the improved tone. Toward
noon the market began to feel the effects of
'the early liquidation. ' From S3Vjc September
declined. to 82!4§S3c. Trading during the re
j malnder of the day lacked the enthusiasm
manifested earlier in the session and a greater
¦ effort wa» required to start prices upward
¦ aynin. The market closed firm, however with
i September "He higher at R3%c. "\
I In corn the feelinr was strong. September
closed -vfi ] iC higher at 49%c.
' Oats were firm. September closed at 32%®
32«4c a gain of %SV4c.
Provisions were weak on a lack of support
from packers and on scattered selling by com
mission houses. At the close September pork
was down 22V4c; lard was off 7V4c. and ribs
wtro down 7}£c.
The leadlnc futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July, new R« 8J» 87% SSH
; September, new. K3Vi S3\4 83 83 "4
;ju!}\ old RS% «0?i 8S*4 84%
September, old. 84% S5 S4M 84%
¦• Corn No. 2-^
July \..48V4 4S% 48% 4SH
September W\ t 49^ 49 40 1 *
December 45?4 401; 45% 40V«
j Oats, No. 2 —
I July 37H Z*\i 37ii . 3S
I September 32% 82 *£ 32 32*4
I December 32% 33^ 32% 33%
; M« ss. Pork, per bbl.—
i July ...12 00 12 00 12 85 12. S5
' September 13 25 ¦ 13 25 12 90 13 00
i Lard, per 100 lbs.—
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
shows: Available cash balance, $162,923,608;
gold. $64,268, 12G.
NEW YORK. July 6. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes in avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1.6C9.000 bushels: afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 4.000.000 bushels.
The- total supply decreased 5.660.000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 5.000.COO bushels. Oats, Uni
ted States and Canada, east of the Rockies, de
creased 641.000 bushels.
'Available Grain Supply.
FIGS— 30640c for single-layer and &0@73c
for double layer boxes; large boxes from th«
river. *I©1 25.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $1 25®2 per crata; !
Nutmeg Melona. $1 25@1 50 per box; Water
melons. lHc per lb
GRAPES— tlQl 25 per crate
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges II 2533
Ff r .^?^-.« M to slle * nd <iua«ty; Valendas.
$1 60©2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. 91 5002;
Lemons. |2 25©2 75 for fancy, |1 5091 75 for
choice and |lgl 25 for standard; Grape Fruit, i
*1 50«?2 50; Mexican Limes. $4©4 50 per case; i
Banana*. per bunch for Central American
and |1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples SI 5O9 I
2 50 per dozen. '
Local trade in early deciduous fruits con- i
tinued active and a good demand was noted '
for most varieties for shipment to northern
ports and to Honolulu Plums, Prune* Peaches
and Pears were in Increased supply, but prices
of small packages were well maintained and
desirable stock was pretty well cleaned up at
the close. Apricots In small packages did bet- i
ter, but loose stock was unchanged with tba ¦
canners purchasing freely at the quoted rates. '
The feature of the Apple market was the ar- !
rival of the first Gravensteina of the season.
roar 4 -tier boxes being received from Sonoma
County. The Apples were rather green and :
poorly packed, but met with quick sale at
*l 50 per box. A few small consignments of
Cherries were received and met with prompt i
•ale at fancy prices. Currants were In light
receipt and firm, but moved flowly, as tha
high prices restricted trade Melons were In i
good request despite the cool, cloudy weather '
and cleaned up well. Flga were still in ex-.
cessive supply and. although trade was active :
there were large lines still unsold at the cloae. I
Dullness still characterized the berry market :
and the canners reduced their bid for Mallnda !
Strawberries to~$l 75 per chest.
There were no changes in prices of Citrns i
or Tropical fruits. A car of fancy Valencia* '
wag marketed and cleaned up for shipping at '
$2 35^2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2#5 per chest for Long- j
worths and $1 75*83 for the larger varieties. I
LOGANBERRIES— 12 50©3 per chest for red
ar.d $262 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES — S3S4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES- $X 50@* per chest :
CURRANTS— 50«60c per drawer '
CHERRIES— Small packages Si"; In bulk, 1
10@12Hc per lb.
\ APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. «V£OOc; !
baskets, 35©50c; In bulk. l»4@2Hc per lb to
the trade and $20@30 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— Large boxes. 75c@*l 23; small
boxes, 35650c: baskets. 25@35o !
PEARS — 40@65c per box for small green va
rieties and $1 25@1 50 for Bartlett.
PEACHES — 4O@75c per box or carrier; \
baskets. 5O@75c : open boxes 85ce$l.
PLUMS— CO^SOc per box or crate and 25®
BOe per basket: Tragedy Prunes, «5$S3c per ••
crate and 50®75c per basket. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prospects Faz'or Lighter Stocks
and Firm Prices.
The New York circular of Henry Nordllnger
A Co. say*:
. "in cur market report of February I, this
>e*r. *e stated that the IMS-* Rio and San
toe crop would prove to be rather under than
over ttHSMMMO bag*. The official figures of
th«- crop year }utt c!osc-d verify the correctness
of f>ur ralculaticn. Th«r total Brazilian procuc
t;i<n iRios. Santos, Victorias, Bahlas and
Gearas) during the past year amounted to 11,
:: 000 bags, and the consumption in the
«cr:<i i,t these kinds was about 11.500,000 bags.
Bbovtag that consumption of Brazils hae gone
ahr-ad of the production for the first time
t:nct l v :1*-l&<.i0. altiioupfc in a comparatively
Fmat! way. On the other hand, the world"!
produ< iN-.n r>i all kinip of coffee during 1903-4
was about ltt.SOO.000 bag? and the world's con
sumption about ltf.WO.Ono bags.
""IVhi!* 1 we experienced a steady annual in
crease in the consumption of Brazils from ISO-)
10 19U&, we find that th»re «u a falling off
this jvst cf about 4<A«>'») bag* from the high
nitrk reached in 1902-3. This falling off is.
to toznf exTent. due to the larger consumption
of rr.'.'.i coffees, which were obtainable during
a fair ;art of the year at very near the price
of Brazile. but it 1? also due to the fact that
the consumption of Brazils during the last
four month* has br«n less than the normal
consumption for these four months in previous
>>-i»rs. We erpe-ct to se«» a heavier consump
tion of Brazil coffee during 1904-5. and estl
r.-»*> tame at fully 12.OUO.000 bag?, because
the d-.s'tributlng trade In this country as well
a* in Europe is now bare of stock and Is
bound to come is u 1 larger buyer than
ji*. pig* ore.
"There has be*n quite a large decrease in
the visible supply cf the world during laft
month, and a slight decrease will probably
lake place during this monih. as against an
increaw <n the visible supply of 47U.UO0 bags
during July last year. Tbe visible supply of
the srcxM en August 1 should therefore be
smalVr than it iru on August 1 last year.
and lt.:t will be the beginning of a change
from what «r« have experienced since July,
lituO, to the present day. I. e.. instead of hav
l&S each month a larper \-isible supply than
the same date pf year before, it will for the
flr»t time »ho* up smaller, and it will con
tinue that way durinir the whole of the crop
year cf lS»O4-5. We ihir.k there will not bt a
single month in which the visible supply ¦"ill
oot ix? smaller than it *as the same month
a year before, and we expect that this de
.«xeas«- will assume such proportions that by
the T.d of the crop year there will be fully
2.300. f» 10 to 3.00f>.l<00 bags less ceff** existing
in xt.f- vnr'.i than there are now. This makes
it dear that the prospective position of coffee
v-arr*.r:s a considerable improvement in values.
Nevertheless, it should be borne in mind that
¦»• are et the very be»rinning of the marketing
of a croj> which, should offer opportunities for
a stfund buying basis.
MILD COFFEES.
•Europe and the -United States received
during the crop year Just past about 5.350.0'JQ
I a^j- of rr.ild coffees, which is by far the
larpwt quantity that came Into tight in any
crop year f-ince statistics were kept. This
ooir.pares very unfa\ - crab!y with the receipts
of I:* 1 :-*. v.-h-n they were only 3.050,000 bairs.
"We '--'¦* several times referred to the ab
normally Urge receipt* cf mild coffees, and
have exr'-ained that they were not the product
of one year, but that the largest part of this
excess consisted of three to four years' accu
mulations en plantations, which could not be
forwarded c n account of revolutions raging
<5urirx that time in several Central and South
American countries. We have th*se extra
ordinarily large receipts now behrad us. The
receipts riurir^r the last month ehow a consld
»rjW(- ftniryr off and were smaller than for the
same mcr.th last year. We have to deal from
now en cr.ly with the extent cf the actual
er.r.ual crc;i, which it is reported will be
nr.a!kr in the aggregate than they were dur
ir.sr recent years. For this reason we calcu
late on a falling off in the receipts of mild
rr frees of 1 .""OX*** to 1.500. 000 bag's during
1!*>4-S as ronipai^. with 1HO3-4. It Is to be
remarked upon that the consumption of mild
. sfcout MO.fino bajr*. and th*> net result of the
receipts an-i deliveries durin* the past year
\r that ihere are now about 75O,C«X» bags more
mild coffee in ccnFumlr.g markets than a year
ago. This additional quantity, however, does
Dot ar-pear to bear heavily en the market.
"Receipts from now on until December-
January will be very small, arsd in the mean
time consumption Is going on the same as
ever, so that we will most likely see the sur
p!u* stock* Cisapr>ear before fresh supplies
of any txtent can come forward.
"Bogota* have found new channels cf con
•UJr.rUfm on account cf their cheapness and
tfceir merits. Demand for these continues to
be brisk. This '.« reflected in the price, which
has advanced during the last month about * 4 c |
a pound. Even at that advance they are to
dav the ch'epest mashed coffees Intrinsically
as well as in comparison with the prices ruling
lor the products of other countries."
Weather Report.
fl2<"'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 6—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tern-
I*r«tar»f-»re reported for the previous days i
'from Eastern cities:
Boston M>-€8 New Orleans 8S-7O
Oncir.nati 82-70 Philadelphia 90-70
Jacktocviile «j»-7C Washington 90-70
St. Louis SO-CS New York SG-«3
*an Francisco. 56-50.
THE COAST RECORD.
z? & K " •-
-. ' *^ x *^5" Z"* £~ ¦
STATIONS. i |§|§ ?§ f^ ?
V.*Ytt 29. « M S» NXT~Cloudy~ToO ]
r»rnoa St. 70 fc2 Z2 W Pt.Cldy ,«0 j
TlnreUm 23.8% f.4 t2 NW Cloudy .O0 :
Krwsro 29.CS !»S C2 XW Clear .00 |
£ H. Farallon.2r».6» 54 4S NW Cloudy AiO I
riaen>ff ...2a.MJ '*, 40 kw Clear .00'
Pocatello 23.K2 w» .v« n Pt.Cldy .«) !
Ir.dei«f-ndence JZl.'X !rf> To SW Pt.Cldy M>
Ix~ Angelas. .23.M 7C TA FW Clear .00 '
:.:: 2O.« 7»J &5 NW Oear .00 !
».>rtr. Head C2
inio'u.x 23. <!2 1<U 7» sw - dear 66 I
Pt«e» ? U/3.W 52 S3 SW Foggy .CO |
>"¦ k'-J-T 2-2 M To 5K Pt.cidy. ooi
*Tt.s*.-burc .. ...2!».« *S TA NW Clear OO I
S-'x-ir.mrnto . .^>.70 W» .VJ s Oar 00 '
Talt Luke 20.7* M M s rifely Tr I
Far. Frtm-i*-o.20.*S 5C TA W Cloudy 00 i
K«n I.. CtMfto.SS.K4 «:«t 50 yvr Clear m I
!=« O*rta.....St.M «.S 00 W Clour "<» I
t,«:ia -.Vi:ia..cs.7r. :^ ks be Ram Tr !
rr-.r.rirmucrji .r>.72 « TA XW cj ear r A .
... .-j . ¦ -23.C4 100 C* SW Clear '.00 '
CONDITXOXS AND GENEP.atJ
rh*r* h*s hecn but little chsrtre In pressure '
iurinjr tbe r^t't tvrerity-f-jur hsors on the Pa- '
t:fic slope *^c*-pt ia Orcgoti. mhere there am i
Uv*« a *Ht*l rainfall.- h .
Thunder ttcr.-rs are rrrxrrU-4 at lr,d. ii ra >ri e !
»n.J at Walla Walla. Cori'Jltiftnji are favorable i
•/- thmitr «U*s>« to 3jc sierras Thursday
COFFEE TRADE.
2 p. m. Session.
December— 94% c bid. 94 %c asked.
°-*TS— There is no change to report, the
market being quiet
, £J d "op— White. "$1 3001 35; Black. $1 15$
* 2°: R *4. *1 20® 1 25. New crop— Red. $1 17%
6123: Gray. $1 S2Vl9l 37H peVct, *
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
and featureless market.
«/Y^, ern -, 8acked * l - 15 ® 1 47 *» *<> r Yellow.
$1 4ofcl 4.V for White and $1 45 for Mlx«d;
California large Yellow. $1 45®1 50; small
round do. $1 50fil 60; White $1 45@1 50 per
t?i»J£f J 3!w II# J 1 3 °® 1 M f0r AVhlte and
$1 25<?1 30 for Brown
RYE— $1 30@l 32^- per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal a't $1 75©2 per ctl.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos-.
December ... 94 94% 94 94%
FUTURES.
Feed, $1 for old and 93@97Hc for new; old
Brewing, $1 05@l 07^! Chevalier. $1 02%@
1 10 for fair to choice.
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 29 bid, $1 29 asked.
BARLEY — Futures were firm, but not ac
tive. Th« cash grain was easy and a frac
tion lower, with light trading.
CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 27%@1 32^: California
White Australian. $1 52%® 1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30Q1 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
61 65 per ctl. s .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
_ Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 29 Vi $1 29V4 $1 20« s $1 29Vi
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The. foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago was somewhat higher on
continued excessive rains In the West and
Southwest, with a large number of complaints
of proetrated and rusty grain, delayed har
vesting operation*, etc.
In this market futures were firm In sym
pathy with Chicago. The cash gratn was
quiet. The millers are not buying anything on
account of the light demand for Flour the
shippers are not In the market and the only
demand Is for feeding. A - lot of 3SS sack3
new Sonora. clean and plump, to arrive to
day, was reported sold at $1 40 and 175 sacks
good No. 1 from GI*nn County sold at $1 27^.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 46H 9 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico ?14
Berlin on London ..«?. 20.40
Paris on London 25.19
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
KBW YORK, July 6. — Tin was rather Ir
regular in London, but showed a steady under
tone, with spot unchanged at £117. while fu
tures were a little higher at £117 2s 6d.
Locally the market was weak, closing at $25 60
@25 80.
Copper was a shade higher In London at
£57 5s for spot and at £57 3s Od for futures.
Locally the market was firm In tone, the prices
showing a hardening tendency without any
material change. Lake is quoted at $12 62^
©12 87V4: electrolytic, 12 50@12 75; casting,
$12 25@12 50.
Lead was steady and unchanged at $4 2.W
4 35 In the local market, which did not respond
to the advance in London, where spot closed
at £11 13s 9d.
Spelter was unchanged here and at London,
the local prices being 54 85@4 95, while Lon
don quotes spelter at £22.
Iron closed at 51s 9d in Glasgow and at
42s 9d at Mlddlcsboro. Locally iron is quiet.
Nezv York Metal Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands" 21©22c
for extras and 20c for firsts; dairy. 17S20c;
store Butter. 14@16c; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE— 9c for choice miM new and 7V49
8%c for lower grades; Young America*. loQ
10«4c; Eastern. 10®15c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 22V425c for fair to choice:
store. 17@20c; Eastern. 19®2Oc for firsts and
16%eiSc for eeconda. --..-.
With continued large receipts and liberal
stocks on the floor*. Butter dealers are still re
porting a qui»t _and uninteresting market,
though the medium grades are reported more
or less firm and in better shape for sellers than
the fancy creameries.
Cheese Is doing better and shows some
change. The best grades of California ar*
firm, while the Imported grades have a wider
range, there being more or less Inferior atock.
which Is being worked off for what It will
bring.
Eggs continue to advance and fine ranch ar«
in much lighter supply. The demand Is now
very good. trrt ¦-
"Receipts were 108,400 lbs Butter, 1279 cases
Eggs and SSOO lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STTGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb ba<«:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.»5c;
Powdered. 8.80c; Candy Granulated. 3.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated. 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.60c: Confectioners'
A 3.70c: Magnolia A. 5.50c; Extra C. 5.20c;
Golden C 8.10c; "D." 5c; barrels, 10c mor»;
half barrels 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 50- lb
baga 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Hair
barrels. «.tOc; boxes, 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. S.70e per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy- fiv* barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
TOR "WEDNESDAY. JULT 9.
Flour qr sks .. 4.410jHay. tons 27©
Wheat, ctls ... 1.3.10; Wool, bales 12*
Barley ctls 3.037! Hides. Xo. f»H
Oats, ctls 1,112! Pelts, bdls 5»o
Tallow, ctls ... 2231 Leather, rolls .. 1»O
Beans, sks ..... 75! Quicksilver Cks. US
Potatoes, sks .. 1.4751 Wine, gala 62.10O
Onions, sks ... 293! Brandy, gals ... 200
Shorts, iks 2C0|
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7.51S' Short*, ska .... 2.5M
Bran, sks 3.3311
COAL OIL — Some description* hav« agaia
declined. Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases lO^c; Astral. 10 S<-;
Star. 13Hc; Extra Star. 21c: Elalna. 2«c:
Eocene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c; in cases 22Vjc; Benzine, In bulk,
13c; In cases, 19^c: S6-degree Gaaoltne. In
bulk. 25c; In cases 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TH9
7%c per Ib; White Lead. 7H'57%c, according
to quantity.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling'
ton W: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Beave*
Hill. $5 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo«
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
iLXi : - c S mb » rI »nd. $13 in bulk an* $14 23 la
W^.V f en n"J rl »*n«* Anthracite Egg. $14;
tr T -£ anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump!
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs anl
* 1 - tt 2_P eT lon * ton ' according to brand
Harrison's circular says: "Since the steam
!^f entura left th« following vessels hav»
arrived here with Coal from Newcastle N S.
. • vl i- : t St " DavW - 2 *S0 tons: Woollahra. i45O
tons; Kohala, 1311 tons; Holtlswood. 1371
tons; Lyman D. Foster, 1181 tons; total 760S
tons. The quantity of Coal delivered' h«r»
from the colonies during the past montb,
amounts to 677S tons. Th« amount received
nere from the same sources In J-Jne 130X
amounted to 27.827 tons. ThU shows a marked
shr.nxage in the quantity of Australian Coal
now b«ing consumed In this market Th»r«
are now on the chartered list of coal- carriers
from Newcastle thirty- fire vessels with a>
carrying capacity of about 95.000 tons. Th«
larger portion of this will not arrive here be
fore the «nd of this year. Th« falling off tola
year of th« consumption of Australia*- Coal la
mainly attributable to th» increased demand
for oil as a steam fuel. As a matter of facC
the only grades of Australian Co«vl which wtU
find ready sale here locally are. thos« princi
pally adapted for domestic purposes., as th«
principal competition which colonial Coals
has In this market for household nsea comes
from British Columbia, and their prodacts caa
b« delivered here if necessary at a lowtr figure
than the Newcastle output. The proprietors
do not think It prudent to make any marked
reduction to increase their sales by reducing
values, henc« prices remain steady at present."
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add 5c : Linseed. 49c p«r gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in casea No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A. cases $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 45<s
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut cases.
62H0SOC per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. »n barrets.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm OH, 63c; extra bleached wlntsr Whal*
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c: extra winter
strained Lartl OH. 73c; No. 1 Lard OH. 63c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
63c; light Herring Oil 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS-Orain Bags. 5Hc; San Quentla.
?ei oo! B ** s " 32833c; Fle * ce t* 1 ?*
General Merchandise.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 15 points higher.
Middling uplands, 10.75c; middling gulf. lie.
Sales, 325 bales.
NEW YORK. July 6. — Futures closed quiet
and steady. August, 10.11c; September. 9.59c:
October. 9^39c; November, 9.34c; December,
9.37c; January, 9.39c.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. aad
Stags, 40 per cent off from abov. quotations/^
% Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
Opening .....'. 6 5% 6 6H
Closing 6 5 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 20 70 20 75
Closing 20 55 20 65
Flour-
Opening .....'. 28 50 27 90
Closing ... 1 2S 30 27 75
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jnly 6.— Clearlnrs. $004,530: bal
ances. (147,913.
TACOMA. July «.— Clearings, $334,366; bal
ances, $53,734.
PORTLAND. July 6. — Clearings, $515,339:
balances, (55,560.
SPOKANE, July 6. — Clearings, $423,458;
balances, $42,032.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 6. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 67c; bluestem, 75c; Valley, 77©7Se.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.- July 6.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 97c; club, 66c.
IVaU-strccilStockf higher and buoyant. Cotton advanced.
fonopah Stocks still lively. Other shares dull.
Silver ii fraction higher. Some fluctuation in Exchange.
Co tree market firm under decreasing supplies. -
Coal :n sufficient Slip ply and steady.
Wheat and Barley futures firm. Cash Barley lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye inactive. Beans still dull.
Canary Seed still higher under short supplies.
Bran still arriving freely frenn the north.
Max in ample receipt and weak.
Butter in large supply, but steady. Cheese slowly rising.
i^ggs higher again and slowly cleaning up.
Provisions still quiet and featureless everywhere.
Hogs easy, with small stock overplentiful.
Some descriptions of Coal Oil lower.
Potatoes again excited under decreased arrivals.
Stcret Potatoes again on the market. Onions advanced.
Vegetables in liberal supply and -weak.
Poultry and Game steady and selling very well
Fresh Fruits in good demand for shipment.
GAME — Wild Doves. $1 per draen; Hare
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. |2 per
doz«n.
Another ear of Western Poultry was mar
keted, making the third for the week, and
cleaned up well, as the stock was much better
than that previously received. Condition* and
prices in. the market for domestic stock were
unchanged and. as usual, there were quite a
few coops of undesirable offerings still. unsold
at the close. Wild Doves continued to arrive
freely, but .were no lower. Hare and Rabbits
were In light receipt and cleaned up quickly
at steady rate*. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14815c per lb-
Geese, per pair. *1 25<gl 50; Goslings, $1 25«
1 50: Ducks. |3 50«4 50 per dozen for old and
Mt?5 for young; Hens. <4 50®5 for larg* and
|4§4 50 for small; young Roosters. $7 50fig
old Roosters. *4©4 5O; Fryers »5©5 50; Broil
era |3 50«M for large and 92 5C®3 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25a
1 50 for Squabs. .
Poultry and Game.
Colo Southern 200 16ft 16% 16
Colo South 1st pfd. 48Ji
Colo South 2d pfd. 300 21 M 20% 21 V*
Del & Hudson 3,400 15»> 158U 15S}»
Del Lack & West .* 270
Denver & R G ... 1.100 21 H 21% 21%
Denver & R G pfd. 3W 7o'£ 70*4 70
Erie 19,000 251, 21»4 24%
Erie 1st prd 7,800 60ft 63*4 60
¦ Erie 2d pfd 2,000 30 35^ • 36
Hocking Valley ... 100 «7 67 67
Hocking Val pfd.. 3U0 82% SI 83
Illinois Central ... 2,900 134 1U3 134
Iuwa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd ; ..... 34
K C Southern 21%
K C Southern pfd. 1.300 43*g 43 43
Louis & Nash &.000 112*, 112 112*4
Manhattan L 2.000 151 Vi 140% 149%
Metropolitan Secur. 9,400 S(J% S4^ S5%
Metropolitan St Ry 35,700 117>4 114 U 115%
Mexican Central .. 1.S0O SVi 7 : M 6
Minn & St Louis 40
M StP & Sit Ste M* 1.300 67 CUtf «7Vi
M StP&SltSteM pfd 124
Missouri Pacific .. 1,900 02»j 91% 02U
Mo Kan & Texas. 1,000 17Vi 17' 17i*
Mo Kac & T pfd.. 1,400 38Vt 37 v4 37% ;
N R R of Mex pfd. 100 38 3S 3S I
N Y Central 5.400 117 \i 116*4 117%
Norfolk & Western 2.100 58 V» 57 J» '58*
Norfolk & W pfd SO
Ontario & Western. 10,«00 27% 27',i 27%
Pennsylvania 179.000 118% 110* 118U
Pitts C C & St L. 100 00 60 CO
Reading 63.5W 4S% 47 Ti 48%
Reading 1st pfd... * 800 S3 82% S2$i
Reading 2d pfd ... 700 09 t3ti% CS%
Rock Island Co ...142,200 22*4 21% 21 "A !
Rock Island Co pfd 3,400 60!, GO ee'.i I
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 4S% 46', 46%
Ht Louis S W 700 12 Vi 11 £ 12
St Louis S W pfd. s 600 30»4 30 30
Southern Pacific .. 44.SOO 4!) 48 48%
Southern Railway. K500 rJ% 22% 22 «.
Southern Ry pfd... 2,400 87V4 86% 87
Texas & Pacific... 3,900 24% 23^ 24%
Tol St L & West.. 300 25'i 21% 24%
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 3S l i 3S 37%
Union Pacific 82,300 92Va 91% 91Ts
Union Pacific pfd.. 2.400 94 93^ »3 T ,4
Wabash 400 I6>i 161; i«i^
Wabash pfd 1,500 36 "35 35i*
W & Lake Erie . . . S0O 16 15% 15%
Wisconsin Central. 200 17Vi 17Vi 17^1
Wiscon Cent pfd.. 500 39^ 39 36>i
Express Comi'snies-^-
Acarn? 226
American 100 193% 193% 192
United States 105
Wells- Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 43.3OO 51% 50*4 51
Am Car A Fdy 1,700 16% 16ft 15%
Am Car & Fdy pfd 7."H;
Am Cotton Oil 26%
Am Cotton Oil pfd SS
American Ice 300 6% 6% 6J B
American Ice pfd.. 300 27*4 27 27^
Am Linseed Oil '. 7
Am Lin Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive ... 2,800 20 Vi 20 20
Am Locomo pfd... 100 82H £2',4 S-M
Am Smelt & Rfg. . 700 64% f>4»£ 54%
Am Sm & Rfg )>fd. 1,000 97 % 97 97
Am Sugar Rfg 10.500 128% 12S% 12Jt>£
Anacon Mining Co. 500 75% 74 75*i
Brock- Rap Transit SO, 60<> 50% 49% 50^,
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 800 31% SI 31%
Consolidated Gas .102,100 19«vi 194 195V,
Corn Products 100 11 11 10%
Corn Products pfd. 100 67 U 67^4 67
Distillers" Pec .... 400 21 21 20
General Electric .. 1700 158% 15S 15St;
Internatl Paper ... 3.200 12% 12 12%
Int Paper pfd 100 69% 69% 67Vi
Internatl Pump 2S^i
[Int Pump pfd 72
I National Lead 700 20U 20 20
j North American .. 9?V) S8V4 RS Kg
i Pacific Mall 10ft 27 27 . 2Hi
I People's Gas 2.700 J»9 98 9SU
i Pieseed Steel Car.. 2.200 28 27 27 vj
) PrtFj^d St Car pM 1<X) 71% 71% 71 '4
(Pullman Pal Car 222
I republic Steel 7<K> 7 614 6%
I Republic Steel pfd. 1.400 42^ 40 41%
I Rubber Goods 1600 10 16 15%
I Rubber Goods pfd 77«,£
!Tenn Coal & Iron.. l.BOn 37^ 3«U 36%
V 8 Leather 2,200 7 6'i 6%
V S Leather pfd... 1.1CO S0% 8O14 80%
D 8 Realty 100 6 6 .Stt
TT P Realty pfd ... 2CK) Mi; S<» 57
t; S Rubber loo 1014 iflt^ lfi
U S Rubber pfd... 2.«oo 67^ 66 6«U
U S Steel 26.100 11 10% 107*
XT S Steel pfd 5,?.00 58 »J .17 57 1;
Westlnghouse Elec. 1,200 159% IMS 157^
Western Union 87
Total sales ....EO5.3OO shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO. '¦
NEW YORK. July C. — Bond transactions:
10.000 at SSO 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4\%; preferred, bid
39%, asked 39U.
NEW YORK BONDS. ; Y*'-: -¦
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s. 100
Do coupon lfU%|Man con 1 gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg 105 Mex Central 4s... C2H
Do coupon 106 Do 1st inc 13^4
Do new 4s reg.132'4 Minn & St L 4«. 9C
Do coupon 132% !M. K & Texas 4s. 0!>%
Do old 4s reg.lfifilil Do 2ds 80
Do coupon 106HINR of Mex con 4s 77 V5
Atch gen 4s 103 IN Y C gen 3Hs..lO«>'
Do adj 4s 94 N J C gen 5s.... 132
Atlantic C L 4s. OS V, I Nor Pac 4s 1C4U
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 10.im Do 3s 74M
Do 3%s 94%l Nor & W con 4«.10n*i
Central of Ga 5s.lll |OSL 4s & partic. 97%
Do 1st Inc 75 ' 1 Pa conv 3Vss. 97
Ches & Ohio 4*4s.l05'4! UeadlnK »ren 4s... 9ST4
Chi & Alton 3»»s. 7SMi|s L & I M con f>s.H5>4
C. B & Q new 4a. !>C%!S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
C,M & SP gn 4«.107V, I pt Louis SW ls«ts. 95
C * NW con 7p.128*4 ! Seaboard A L 4s. R5>i
C. R I & Pac 4s. 70%| So Pacific 4s 93U,
Do col 5s SO%!Srt Railway Ss 115 U
CC.C &SL gn4s.lOO«4!Ti>x & Pac lsts.,119
Chi Term 4s 74>i!T. St L & W 4s. 71\4
Cons Tobacco 4s. 02%) Union Pacific 4s.lO4V{,
Colo & So 4s R.1%1 Do conv 4<t 101 U
Colo Fuel & I... fifl [IT S Steel 2d 5s.. 77T4
Den & Rio G 4*. 0i>«i!Weba»>h lsts 117>i
Erie prior lien 4s. 9«ii; Do iieb B TA
Do pen 4s 85HIW & L Erie 4s... 01
F w & D C lstiUMUIWls Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4i4s...lO7^!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20< Little Chief <V5
Alice 25! Ontario 2 00
Breece lOIOphlr o 40
Bruns Con C5! Phoenix 22
Com Tunnel . 07'fotosl 17
Con Cal & Va . . . 1 0'^Vavage \ 25
Horn Silver 1 SOtr'ierra Nevada to
Iron Silver 1 50 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 2 Oo
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
per lb; String and Wax Beans, 294c per Ib;
Lima Beans. ?@lDc per lb:, Tomatoes In small
boxes and crates $1£1 25; large open boxea,
$2; Summer Squash. 25$R0c for small and 50^
«5c for large boxes; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Car
rots. $1 per sack: Cucumbers, 25@40c per box
for small and 5O@75c • f or large boxes; Garlic
3®4c per lb; Egg Plant. 5@7c per lb; Dried
Peppers. $6 10c for sun-dried and 124£13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra 124615c per lb;
Green Okra 15c per lb; Green Peppers. S©10c
per lb for Chile, and 10G12£c for Bell.
. HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Pteady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
¦ SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at net un
changed prices to a decline of 5 points on Au
gust. Sales were 57,000 bags, including: Sep
tember. ft05@fi.10c: October. 6.15c: December,
6.35c6<J.40c; March, 6.60@6.65c; April," 6.75c;
spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 7Uc; mild,
steady.
BUTTER — Creamery. 18tjc; official prices:
Creamery, common to extra. 13® 18c; Stats
dairy, common to extra, 13@17c.
CHEESE— Steady.
EGGS— Steady to" firm. Western selected,
*SH®l»c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
little change, attractive fruit being firmly held,
though demand continue* light. Common, 40
6V4c: prime Octree; -choice, 6*4@G?4c; fan
cy, 7c.
PRUNES— -Show little feature. Some grades
of Oregon are held higher, but the general
range is unchanged at from 2%c to 5&c, ac
cording to site, etc.
APRICOTS — Are firm on the coast, but buy
ers here show little Interest and the market is
quiet. Choice, O^fflOc; extra choice. 10U@
lOiio; fancy, ll©13c.
PEACHES — Are steady, but unchanged, with
choice at 7@7Uc; extra choice, 7V4Q>Sc; fancy,
»^@10c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904.
Miscellaneous Markets.
ST. iLOUIS. July 6.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. lHSt2iV t c'
light fine. 18»i9c; heavy fine, 12015c; tub
washed, 20333c. * •». ..
St. Louis Wool Market.
WHEAT — Receipt*. 53.900 byshel*.. Pjy»t
firm; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and *l OSU
f. o. b. afinat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 re*'*,
f. o. b. afloat. A continuation of the heavy
showers throughout Kansas and the Ohio Val
ley occasioned further sharp advance? In whrat
to-day, followed by. profit taking. The close
was. firm nt V< ft %c iwt advance. July cloned
at 03c: September. 86%*rS7U<\ closed S7Uc
December. 56%fiS7«ic. closed 86T4o "
NEW YORK. July ft.— FLOUR— Receipts
33.V*) barrel*: exports. 2S0O barrels. Market
steady, with light business.
New- York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
19
AUCTION SALES
*~ AUCTION SALE fe*
f A i°r AI r TO -,, SATrRDAY ' Jul^ »• •« '•
?t TO v l-^'U.** 11 the cont «'nts of the EL CAP-
. A , STABLES . consisting of 45 good horses.
* bnetland ponies (perfectly gentle), with har-
ness. 3 large wagonettes. 2 three-seaters: *
good surrey* 10 buggies (open and top>. 4O
sets of harness (single and double), whips,
robes blankets: In fact, everything that goea
to make up a first-clasa livery stable. Every-
thing MIST be sold. No reserve nor limit.
¦ > ¦•¦"-- JOHN J. DOYLE. AacUoneer.
Office 327 SUth St.. Sun Francisco.
Just Arrived.
SO FINE DRIVING and WAGON HORSES alf
WELL BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED
TEAMS AND BLACK SADDLE HORSES
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third st-. Near Folaom.
WM. G. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.FROM SEATJLE.
Water Front Notes.
Captains F. ' II. Munger and O. D.
Myrick and Lieutenant J. C. Cantwell
have been notified by the Secretary of
the Treasury to examine the injuries of
the U. S. S. Bear caused by collision
vith the schooner Spokane recently.
A ten-inch rifle destined for the forti-
• Steamer. ..'Destination. Sails.
Jefferson...... Rkagway &"Way Ports. July 7
Farallon. .... . Skagway & Way Ports. July 9
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 10
Bertha Kodlak & : Way 'Ports. July .10
Garonne. ..... Nome via Golovln Bay. July 10
Olympia. . . . . . Nome direct .....*. ..'... July 10
Cottage City. . Skagway &' Way Ports. July 12
Santa Clara. . J.Valdez ! & Seward. . . . . . July 14
.Tampico. I Nome & St. -Michael.. July 15
Dirigo... ... .. Skagway & Way Ports. July 16
Santa Ana.. . . Valdez & Way Ports. . July 16
Brecon...;.... Nome to St. Michael... July. 18
With a capital stock of SlO.OOOithe
Bush Park Tract Company was incor
porated yesterday by Jacob Levi f Jr.,
Thomas H. Palache, Fred : W. "Van
Sicklen,' George A. Newhalland Edwin
W. Newhall. Its announced* purpose
is to purchase what is known as ;the
Bush Park tract iri.the Ranchb Canada
de Herrera or "Sais" " ranch «in * Marin
County and to subdivide it. . . ;
Bush Park Tract Incorporates.
The rate of reinsurance on the over
due shiD Sierra Miranda has been ad
vanced to 25 per cent and that of the
bark Parkwood from Chittagong to
Trinidad is advanced from 40 to 50 per
cent.
Ship Reinsurance.
The Time Ball on the tower of . the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in' charge. ".
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco Cal.,
July 6. 1904.
The sailing of the Oceanic steamship
Sierra has been postponed from Thurs
day, .July 7, to Friday,. July 8. at 2
p. m. This delay will be occasioned by
the late arrival of the British-Austra
lian mails.
Sierra's Sailing Postponed.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low- Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of thp
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front iMIssion-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 7.
Sun. rises 4:53
Sun sets 7:35
Moon ' rises 0:33 a. m.
O ITimel iTimel iTlmc Time
* I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
s JHW] (L W |H W L AV
C I 5M2 3.4111:12 1.9 6:02 5.2
Mti'W ¦ IHW L "VV H W
7 I 0:45 1.6| 7:00 3.4 12:05 2.2 C:44 5.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning .tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time: the
fourth time, column gives the last tide of the
day., except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*.. The* heights given are in
'addition to the soundings of the United States
Co#«t Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
f Ikh precedes the height, and then the number
given is : subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the ' lower low waters. . ¦
The chief port of entry for Alaska
has been changed from Sitka to Ju
neau and Sitka Is now a subport of
entry, like Seattle. Skagway and Nome.
All vessels may clear direct from Sitka
as from the other subports.
Alaska's Chief Port.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
___ jniy 7 ( f -
Redondo. . . . Los Angeles Ports. I 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata..:.. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomo. Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Sierra Sydney & Way 8 pm Pier 7
July 8. j
S.Barbara. Grays Harbor....,* 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
July 9. I
Pomona.... Humboldt ...: l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Aurella...... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco... N. Y ' via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
July 10. I
8. Rosa San-^DIego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonita. Newport & Way:.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay Pier 16
July IX. . I
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 1
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 20
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Rainier Seattle <fe Bellinghmj 4 pm|Pier 10
July 12. I : I
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
July 13.
Korea...... China &• Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
July 14. I
Gaelic...... China £ Japan.... 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget : Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Luxor...... Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
July 16. I
Alameda. . . Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Barracouta. N. Y. ' via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia. E . Astoria- & Portlandlll : am Pier 24
r> July 18.
Jeanle...... Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pier 20
ARRIVED.
_. _ Wednesday, July 6.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
fetmr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. ' -
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 27 hours from Port
H.enyon.
_ *>tmr F . A Kilburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Prentlss. Ackerman. 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Chehails, Martin. 59 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Br stmr Stanley Dollar. Brtice 21 days fm
Hakodate, via Mororan 19H days
Harbor Advent " Olsen ' 5 da >» from Willapa
Schr Bella. Jannson, 4 days from Siuslaw
River.
CLEARED.
_ A „ Wednesday, July 6.
Stmr State of California. Nlcolson. San
Diego and way ports; Pacific Coast 8 S Co
Stmr Corona, Gielow. Eureka; Pacific Coast
S S Co.
Wednesday, July 6.
. Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Celia. Nordberg Albion
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Cooa Bay.
Stmr Prentlss, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Jahnsen, Port Rogers.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Half moon Bay.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran Astoria,
Stmr Chehalis. Martin. San Pedro
Stmr Corona. Gielow, Eureka.
Schr Ida Schturuer. Holler.' Port Gamble.
Schr Camano. Saxe, Port Gamble.
Schr Oakland. Ewart, Siuslaw River, in tow
of tug Sea Rover.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. Siuelaw River In
tow of tug. Sea Rover. *
Tug Sea Rover. Thompson. Eiuslaw River,
with schrs Sacramenta and Oakland in tow
Tug S<?a King, Kasmussen, Fort Bragg with
barge Tidal Wave In tow.
Barge Tidal Wave.. Johnson Fort Bragg, in
tow of tug Sea King.
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 6. .10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity, 12 miles an. hour
: SPOKEN.
June 12 — Lat 5 N. long SO W, Ger ship Her
zogin Cecllte,* hence March 10 for London
June 14— Lat 6 8. long 33 W. ship Erskine
M Phelps.,from Philadelphia for Honolulu
Per Br stmr Stanley Dollar— June 21 • lat 44
N. Ions 158 E.Fr. bark Bayard, from Hako
date for San Francisco. '
• 'DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 5— Stmr ' Portland
from Nome;;«tmr Fara 1 Ion, . from Skagway '
Sailed July.. 6 — Stmr. Roanoke. • for Nome
SEATTLE— Arrived July 6— Stmr Mackinaw
hence July 2. .
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL,
T. Crowley, the boatman at Vallejo
ctreet wharf, has at Antioch the speedy
gasoline launch which won the re
gatta there on the Fourth. It was,
however, under peculiar circumstances.
On the evening of the 3d it was dis
covered that the sparking rod of the
launch's engine had been stolen from
the machinery- The captain of the
boat notified Mr. Crowley in this
city of the theft and a new rod
was sent to Antioch on the morning of
the Fourth. It was fitted in place just
as the competing launches were tak
ing position on the starting line. The
launch, called the Guard, started last
in the race, but drew steadily ahead
and finished first in a four-mile dash.
A Trick That Failed.
The ship Mary L. Cushlng (on Puget Sound)
is chartered for lumber thence to Sydney at 33s
9d, with option of Melbourne or Adelaide at
40s, or FremsJHle at 506— chartered prior to ar
rival.
The barkentlne W. H. Dimond returns to
Honolulu with general cargo.
Charters.
The steamer UmatHla sailed on Tuesday for
Victoria with a general merchandise cargo con
signed to the port of destination and the prin
cipal British Columbian ports, valued at $11,
985 and including the following:
:K>77 pkgs fresh fruits. 53 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 147 pkgs onions. 183 pkgs potatoes, 13,250
lbs dried fruit, 33^0 lbs raisins, 1035 bx« paste,
2125 lbs coffee. A'l cs table preparations 24,7-SO
lbs malt, 242 lbs chocolate, 3M0 lbs' meals.
120,000 lbs salt, 75 cs canned goods, 10S3~lbs
beans, 5 pkgs machinery. 4 rolls leather 15
cyls gat, 30 cs fuse, 746 bbls cement, 22 sks
coal. I'd pkgs nails. 24,223 lbs bluestone 500
tins matches, 8 cs arms and ammunition 2730
lbs sheet lead, 2301 lbs lead pipe.
Exports for the -North.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Redondo Portland & Astoria JJuly 7
Montara Seattle.. [July 7
San Pedro.... Humboldt July 7
Elizabeth Coquille River July 7
Pomona Humboldt Jjuly 7
Barracouta... New York via Panama. |July 7
Point Arena., j Mendocino & Pt. Arena! July 7
Santa Rosa.. . I San Diego & Way Pts.lJuly 7
Bonita | Newport &. Way Ports July 7
Rainier I Seattle &. Bellingham. July 7
Dd Norte j Crescent City July H
S. Barbara j San Pedro July 8
Cofcta Rica. . . .1 Portland & Astoria July 8
Alliance. ..... PortlarM & Way Ports. July 8
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. . July 8
Aurclla (san Pedro' July 9
jCorona Humboldt July 10
Eureka Humboldt July 10
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports July 10
Arctic Humboldt July 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 11
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. July 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 11
Hawaiian.... New York via Coronel. July 11
Luxor Seattle July 11
Centralia Grays Harbor July 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 11
S. Monica San Pedro July 11
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. July 12
Alameda Honolulu ... July 111
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. July 12
Argo Eel River* Ports July 12
Columbia Portland & Astoria...... July 13
North Fork. . . Humboldt July 13
Peru New York via Panama. July IS
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. . . . . July 15
Mongolia China & Japan July 15
Umatilla Puget. Sound Ports July 15
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. July 18
A. Maxu China & Japan July 18
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Alejandro de la Guardia has been
recognized by the customs authorities
as Consul for Panama at this port.
New - Panama Consul.
If you are 'going to the World's Fair ret
cheap rate and go via Northern Pacific Rail
way and Yellowstone Park. Aik about it. T.
K. Stateler, General Agent, W7 Market street,
San Francisco. - ¦ •
Cheap Kates East.
James Wilder, the boatman, has a
new gasoline towboat in the slip at
Third street. The boat is about thirty
five feet long, twelve-foot beam and is
fitted with a fifty-horsepower engine.
The bark llartha Davis has been
hauled to Boole's shipyard for repairs.
Yesterday the disabled bark Hollls
wood was towed to the Western Fuel
Company's wharf, Oakland, by the
tug Sea Queen^
The schooner Del Norte of this port,
which went ashore at the mouth of
the Siuslaw River, Oregon, June 11,
has been pulled off the rocks. Her
rails are damaged and she is leaking
considerably.
fications on Black Point has been
landed from a platform car at the foot
of Third street.
STEAMER STANLEY DOLLAR.
WHICH ARRIVED AFTER DAN
GEROUS VOYAGE FROM CHINA.
Carefully picking her way through
the mine-fields sown by the Russians
in the straits of Korea, the Stanley
Dollar, which arrived yesterday from
Hakodate, steamed through the outer
circles of the storm that is now whirl
ing over the Orient. It was on her
passage from Weihaiwei, China, across
the body of water that washes Eastern
Japan that she took to slipping along
under s!ow-bell. • There is no speeding
of a steamer now in the waters of war-
Ftriekc-n Korea, When the pilot sees
certain dark red, buoy-like objects
coated with rust and seaweed floating
quietly by he knows they are filled
ivith wreck and death. Over goes his
•uheel and the ship curves like a start
led thing away from the drifting peril.
The defenders of Port Arthur, in the
hope of catching an occasional Japan
ese, have spread destruction over the
neutral adjacent waters to be hit -or
missed by the peaceful merchant mari
ner as fortune handled his helm.
With the utmost care and with dou
ble lookouts the Stanley Dollfcr steamed
Fafely across the danger zone. Several
times the stray mines were discovered
and avoided in time to escape disas
ter. At the entrance to the harbor of
Hakodate the Japanese have prepared
for the reception of the Vladlvostock
fleet till a gull could hardly drop down
on the water without hitting an ex
plosive. A narrow and crooked chan
nel known only to an official pilot
leads in and not even a sampan dare
venture through alone. A lace-be
decked little captain of the port boarded
the Stanley Dollar and superintended
her passage among the mines. In the
harbor and on shore the restrictions of
the careful Japs became so irksome to
the officers of the steamer that they
remained aboard the vessel to escape
the constant official nuisance.
The sbiD has a cargo of 3000 tons of
rulphur and 170,000 feet of Japanese
oak, a soft wood used in certain art
work. She brought one passenger. J.
C. MaryotC an engineer of the Wei
haiwei Gold Mining Company, on his
¦way to bis old home In Nebraska. He
was with the American forces in Ma
nila and also in the dash to Peking dur
ing the Boxer war. The officers of the
Stanley Dollar are Captain John C.
Brace, First Officer H. J. Wright and
Second Officer H. B. Baker. She docked
at the Filbert-street dock.
LMPQUA RIVER— Arrived July 2— Schr
Lily, hence June 12 July 3 — Stmr San Gabriel,
from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 6— Stmr Redondo, for
Han Pedro
ASTOiUA— Arrived July 6— Ger ship Emllie.
from Port Los Angeles.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 6— Stmr Valencia",
from Nome; Br stmr Aorangl, from Brisbane
for Vancouver.
Passed out July (? — Brig Geneva, from Port
Blakelry for San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEXD- Sailed July C— Schr
John G North, for Honolpu.
EUREKA— Arrived July 6 — Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay.
Sailed July C — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco
EUREKA— Arrived July 6— Schr Ida McKay,
hence June 23; stmr South Bay hence July 4.
• REDONDO— Sailed July 6— Stmr Lakme. for
San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July C— Stmr
Rival hence July 2.
GHATS HARBOR— Sailed July 6— Schr
North Bend, for Pan Francisco.
EVERETT— Sailed July &— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 6— Stmr
Santa Ro*a. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 6 — Stmr Lakme.
from Redondo.
Sailed July 6 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 6 — Stmr Baxra
couta. from Panama and way ports for San
Francisco, with machinery disabled.
Sailed July 6 — Schr Jennie Stella, for As
toria.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 6— Stmr
National City, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT SOUTH— Arrived July 6— Schr
Beulah, from Umro.ua.
EASTERN PORTS.,
NEW YORK — Arrived July 6— Stmr Se-
ETiranea. from Colon. July 6— Br bark Solway,
from London.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 6— U S stmr
Wheeling, for cruise; stmr Alameda, for San
Francisco.
Arrived July C — U S stmr Thomas, from Ma
nila for San Francisco; stmr Nebraskan, from
Portland. Or.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT NATAL— Arrived July 6— Br ship
Glenesslin. from Portland, Or, and reports lost
some sails on voyage.
SWANSEA— Sailed July 2— Fr bark Marthe
Roux. for Portland, Or. •,
BEACHY HEAD— Passed— Fr ship Chateau- I
brland. from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
GENOA — Cleared June 21 — Ger stmr Pen- !
taur. for San Francisco. ]
HONGKONG— Arrived July 5 — Br stmr Em- ;
press of Japan, from Vancouver. Prior to July
6 — Br stmr Athenian, from Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July G — Stmr Citta di
Napoll. from Genoa.
Sailed July t> — Stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
stmr United States, for Copenhagen.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 0 — Stmr Mer
lon, from Philadelphia for Liverpool, nnd pro- .
ceeded; etmr Aurania, from New York for
Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed July 6 — Stmr Saxonla, from Liverpool
for Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July C— Stmr Mlchi- :
gan. from Boston: stmr Oceanic, from New '¦
York; stmr Ottoman,, from Portland.
Sailed July 6 — Stmr Majestic, for New York
via Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July fi — Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York via Plymouth for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
Sailed July 6— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse. from Bremen and Southampton I for i
New York. • ;
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Ju!y 6 — Stmr Kals
er 'Wilhclm der Grosse. from Bremen for New
York via Cherbourg. V .
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July 3— Stmr Hel-
Hg. from New York.
DOVER— Sailed July 6— Stmr Graf W'alder
see, from Hamburg and Boulogne for New
ANTWERP— Arrived July 0 — Stmr Western
land, from Philadelphia.
Collins also got Judge Cook to prom
ise to hear his new accusation against
Hutton, which will be filed before the
Judge's return from his vacation. It
accuses Hutton of perverting and abus
ing the duties of his office in connec
tion with the Duren woman's arrest
and asks for his removal from office.
The original accusation was assigned by
Presiding Judge Graham . to Judge
Troutt's court at Hutton's request and
Collins withdrew it without prejudice.
Collins says he has evidence of the
fact that Hutton issued a written or
der to the police officers to arrest wom
en having their quarters at 1129 Du
pont street and instructing them to
write the name of the women so ar
rested on "Jane Doe" warrants to be
sworn to by a machinist named Gum
mow employed by Hutton as a special
defective. Collins claims that this is a
direct violation of the injunction. There
is another citation for contempt against
Hutton pending before Judge Cook,
which will also be heard on August S.
It is in connection with a raid made
by eight officers on the inmates at
1129 Dupont street a few days before
the Duren woman was arrested.
Judge Cook came from his ranch in
Sonoma County yesterday to hold court
for the purpose of disposing of some
pressing cases and Attorney George
D. Collins availed himself of the op
portunity to obtain an order citing Po
lice Commissioner H. W. Hutton, "spe
cial Chief of Police for 1129 Dupont
street," to appear before the Judge on
August 8 to show cause why he should
not ; be punished for contempt of court
for violating the injunction restrain
ing the police from interfering with
the business of Jean Pon, proprietor of
a restaurant at 1129 Dupont street.
The alleged violation was caused by
the arrest on June 7 of Mary Duren,
one of the inmates of the houses in the
rear of 1129 DuDont street, by Police
men Barry and Fennell on a charge of
vagrancy. The officers refused next
morning to swear to a complaint
against the woman, and she was dis
charged by Police Judge Cabaniss,
Judge Cook having gone on. his vaca
tion. . Collins tried hard to get Judge
Cabaniss to issue a warrant for Hut
ton's arrest for false imprisonment, but
t the Judge declined. However, he is
'sued warrants for the a.Test of the
two officers and the cases against them
are pending.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Marion Louise Hart against Walter E.
Hart on the ground of neglect; William
S. Kelly against Alice Kelly for deser
tion; J. F. Ormsby against Gertrude
Ormsby, desertion; Frederick H. Kidd
against Hannah Kidd, desertion; E.
McConnell against J. McConnell, habit
ual intemperance; Belle B. Chance
against Charles T. Chance, cruelty.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Troutt to Elizabeth J. Morlan from
William E. Morlan for neglect; by
Judge Graham to Josephine Lefebre
from Emil Lefebre. desertion (they
parted twenty-one years ago); to Lena
Rosenstrauch from Harry Rosen
strauch, neglect and cruelty; to Hattie
May Brigman from John Frank Brig
man, neglect. Brigman is said to be a
Jockey and able to earn $100 a month
on the tracks.
Maude Shirley Gregg'a allegations of
cruelty against William C. Gregg in
clude the declaration that he beat her
into insensibility and ofttimes threat
ened to kill her. She asks for $60 a
month for the support of herself and
two children.
The injuries which William J. Fair
burn suffered at the hands of his wife
Ethel Dolly are almost as harrowing. If
his complaint can be believed. They
were married, he says, at San Jose In
1901, and for the past three years she
has been cruel to him. He declares
that she struck him on the head with
her fist, giving him a headache, threat
ened to knock his head off, bit him on
the shoulder, hit him on the nose,
drawing blood; chased him around a
hall where they were attending reli
gious services, to his intense mortifica
tion, and spat in his face. He says, too,
that she nags him at night and pre
vents him from sleeping.
John Flynn asks the court to an
nul his marriage with Nellie Flynn.
The ceremony was performed at Pasa
dena November 16, 1903, and they have
not lived together since.
Millie Park's charges against her
husband Thomas Edward, in her suit
for divorce, is that he would remain
away from home evenings to attend
prize fights, "upon which, he spent
much money." She says that while he
was able to support her h'e failed to do
so, and after sending her $5 while she
was visiting friends in the country he
would not answer her letters asking for
more money. Finally, she says, he sold
all of their household effects, including
the contents of her own trunk.
According to the stories told In two
suits for divorce filed yesterday, bellig
erent wives do not fight under the rules
laid down by the lamented Marquis of
Queensberry. Joseph F. Mayder. In al
leging that his wife Elsie was guilty of
extreme cruelty, names the dates upon
which she successively blackened bis
eye, boxed his ears, kicked him, called
him vile names and slammed the door
on his foot. They were married in
July, 1893. and the first act of cruelty
cited was committed upon August 5,
1902.
Police Commissioner Will
Also Have to Fight Accu
sation for His Removal
Several Suits for Divorce
Are Filed in Court— Four
Separations Are Granted
NEW EVIDENCE IS FOUND
MANY FAMILY TROUBLES
* • , •
Mrs. Margaret Galvin, who in the
last year has been arrested about a
score * of times for drunkenness, was
g George Curry, the gripman who shot
and killed his faithless wife in her
room on Turk street last Tuesday and
then surrendered himself to custody,
was arraigned and instructed before
Judge Mogan for murder and the ex
amination set for July 12. Curry ap
peared very dejected and his voice was
scarcely audible as he answered the
clerk's questions. He gave his age as
23 years.
Mrs. Maggie Kelly and Mrs. Mary
McGowan were the stellar performers
in Judge Fritz's court. They live next
door to each other on the first block
of Clara street and opposite to the
domiciles is a police station. But the
latter fact, according to Mrs. Kelly's
complaint, did not restrain Mrs. Mc-
Gowan from disturbing the peace. The
specific charge was that Mrs. McGfow
an . hurled . uncomplimentary allusions
and made threatening demonstrations
at Mrs. Kelly.
"I'll show you how it was, Judge,"
shouted Mrs. McGowan, leaping from
the prisoners' bench and swinging
bailiffs and other court attaches aside
until she had cleared a space sufficient
to give her ample room to illustrate
her plea. "I was attending to my own
business when this woman says, says
she, 'Bring out your bare-legged
Scotchman of a husband and I'll spoil
his face for him.' I says, says I, 'You
know he ain't at home or you'd never
say that.' She says, says she, 'Wouldn't
I? Well, you're at home and I'll spoil
your mug for you.' Then we both
went at it."
During the defendant's recital the
complainant sat as if transfixed with
horror at its inveracity and then she
took the floor and graphically describ
ed how she was doing or saying noth
ing at all when she was suddenly as
sailed, by Mrs. McGowan. • To which
Mrs. McGowan kept up a steady
"Tschuck, tschuck, tschuck," with her
tongue, thereby expressing both in
credulity and derision.
Twice did the Judge break into the
proceedings and order a brief continu
ance to give the ladies opportunity to
kiss and make up, but each effort re
sulted in failure. They returned to the
charge more acrimonious than before
and finally they were ordered to go
home and return to-day.
"And if you do not arrive at some
sort of peace footing in the mean
time," quoth his -Honor, "I'll sentence
each of you to a month's compulsory
silence."
Special counsel was engaged and
the proverbial "cloud of witnesses"
summoned yesterday to support each
side of the case of Mrs. Julia Girod of
430 Eleventh avenue against Mrs.
Teresa Perrin, her next door neigh
bor. . The charge was battery and to
Police Judge Mogan was assigned the
delicate task of getting at the facts
and deciding in accordance with them.
Mrs. Girod testified that until last
January she and Mrs. Perrin had
nothing but kind words for each other
and the severance of their friendship
was entirely Mrs. Perin's fault. She
(the witness) was absolutely at' a loss
to account for the coldness with which
Mrs. Perrin repeatedly repulsed her
cordial advances, and finally she
ceased trying to renew the'r erstwhile
amicable relationship, pride restrain
ing her from subjecting herself to fur
ther snubs. So for several months
prior to June 24, the date of the al
leged battery, communication between
the Girod and Perrin households was
entirely suspended.
At the time of the assault, Mrs. Gi
rod stated, she was watering plants in
her garden, when", to hv amaze
ment, she saw Mrs. Perrin leap
over the five-foot fence that divided
the two rear yards and advance to
ward her with threatening mien. The
next thing she knew was that Mrs.
Perrin was belaboring her head with
a heavy stick and calling her some un
printable names. After she broke the
stick on Mrs. Girod's cranium, Mrs.
Perrin picked up' an ax and was about
to utilize it as a weapon when a young
child of Mrs. Girod wrested it from
her. Thus disarmed Mrs. Perrin com
pleted the battery with her fists,
swinging several hard right jolts into
Mrs. Girod's ribs.
Mrs. Perrin's version of the affair
was somewhat different fr.om that of
her accuser. The entente cordiale
was first broken, Mrs. Perrin stated,
by Mrs. Girod borrowing from her a
certain domestic utensil and then
slamming the door in her face when
she went to ask that it be returned.
After that she was told by several
persons of unblemished reputation for
truth and veracity that her character
had been covertly asailed by Mrs. Gi
rod, and when that lady was taxed
with it she fairly deluged Mrs. Per
rin with unladylike language.
It was true that Mrs. Perrin had
beaten Mrs. Girod with a stick until
it broke, but the weight and thickness
of the weapon was exaggerated by the
prosecution, as the Judge could see
for himself. (Shattered stisk pro
duced in evidence by prosecution.)
An attempt to renew the attack with
an ax was stoutly denied, as was the
administration of body blows with
fists. No, the children had nothing
to do with inspiring the assault. The
three little Perrins and the four juve
nile Girods always got along togeth
er as agreeably as "kids" could get
along with each other. The primal
cause of the trouble was the slamming
of the Girod door in the face of Mrs.
Perrin when she went to ask that the
property borrowed from her be sent
back.
Then came the witnesses. Robert
Grant, carpenter, saw Mrs. Perrin use
her fists, but not a stick, on Mrs. Gi
rod. Joseph T. Terry knew the par
ties, but did not see the assault and
¦would like to know what he had been
, subpenaed for, anyway. John Perry,
whiskered a la Svengali, saw Mrs. Gi
rod struck with the stick by Mrs. Per
rin. Harry Perrin, bricklayer, hus
band of defendant, was sure his wife
did no more, maybe not as much, as
any lady would have done under sim
ilar provocation and circumstances.
The case was continued till to-day.
"Dr." Samuel Waits, the colored all
round scientist and mystic, was given
sixty days' imprisonment by Judge
Mogan for obtaining money by false
pretenses from various feminine be
lievers in his professions of omni
science. It was the fifth time he had
been called up for sentence and on
four of the occasions he obtained a
postponement by means of some spe
cious plea. The longer he deferred
the inevitable the more serious did his
situation become, as new victims of
his chicanery were materializing every
day. His specialty was to inform the
credulous fair ones that by dreaming
he could foretell the winners of horse
races and thus induce them to intrust
him with small sums for investment
with* the bookmakers.
"For the land's sake, why can't you
go ahead and let • us hear what he's
got to say?" inquired Grace Somerset,
accused of stealing $100 from John
Pero of 530 Third street, when Judge
Conlan continued the case till Satur
day. No explanation was vouchsafed
Mrs. Somerset and her indignation was
at boiling point as she returned to dur
ance. She is the wife of the once
notorious George Somerset, a Dupont
street saloon-keeper.
Robert Clemens was pointing a
pistol at J. H. Warren, armed with a
razor, when a policeman, arrested both
of them at 4 o'clock ' yesterday morn
ing in a saloon at Fifth and Mission
streets. Clemens informed Judge Mo
gan that he was en route from Scot
land Jo Seattle when he was attacked
by Warren, and that he drew the
pistol in self-defense. Sentence to-
Charles A. Lander, a former police
man, demanded a jury trial when he
was arraigned for beating his wife at
their home on Valencia street, and the
jury found him guilty of battery- Then
he was fined $300 by Judge Fritz.
Frank Hoff was the defendant and
J. M. Young the complainant in a bat
tery case before Judge Conlan, but
neither of them looked the part.
Hoff's head was completely swathed in
bandages, while Young was entirely
unscathed. The trouble occurred in a
canning factory at Seventh and Town
send streets, where Young was fore
man and Hoff an ordinary employe.
Hoff angered Young by addressing him
with undue familiarity, cheerfully say
ing, "Good morning, boss," and when
rebuked for his impudence he threw
an empty can at his superior. Hoff'a
bandages told the rest of the tale.
Case continued till to-day.
Xo sooner had Jeff Hamilton of Los
Angeles arrived at the ferry depot
than he began soliciting alms and sev
eral small silver donations had
dropped into his dirty palm when a
policeman nabbed him. Sentence to
day by Judge Mogan.
Frank Albs, a sturdy Teuton, car
ried his Fourth of July celebration
over to the afternoon of the 5th, when
he planted himself in the middle of
a Market-street car track and ignored
the implorations and threats of an
angry gripman until a policeman re
moved him. Judge Fritz fined him $5.
Moore testified that about two
months ago the dog disappeared from
his home and he notified the pound
master to look out for it and also ad
vertised its loss in the daily news
papers. Unlike the historic cat, how
ever, it never came back, and he had
about given it up as kidnaped and con
verted into sausage meat when it was
found in Mrs. Robinson's possession.
He showed tax receipts and identified
the collar worn by the dog as one
he had given to it as a birthday
present. By a strange coincidence he
named the animal "Jack," and the
same appellation was bestowed upon
it by Mrs. Robinson.
"It seems to me," said the court,
"that Mr. Moore owned the dog, and
it also appears to me that the conduct
of the pound officers in selling the dog
to Mrs. Robinson after they had been
told to look out for it by Mr. Moore
demands investigation. I'll continue
the case until next Saturday, when the
poundmaster should be here to offer
some kind of an explanation."
A pugdog is the bone of contention
between Mrs. Edith Robinson of 2 61 4 A
Twenty-fourth street and Harry Moore,
a saloon-keeper at Ellis and Powell
streets. Mrs. Robinson paid $3 for the
animal's release from the pound and
impending execution, and as she was
escorting it past Moore's wet goods
store last Tuesday the bartender,
Johnnie Day, whistled and shouted,
"Come here. Jack," whereupon the
dog ran up to him and waved saluta
tion with its gnarled tail. "Come back
here, Jack," commanded Mrs. Robin
son, but the bartender would not let
Jack obey. That's how the matter got
into Judge Conlan's court.
"William Parker, while under the in
fluence of opium, entered the bathroom
of a Bush-street hotel and was dis
robing himself preparatory to taking
a bath when his arrest occurred. Judge
Mogan gave him three months.
James Dowllng's aunt says he has
been drunk for two years and neglected
his wife, who lives in Chicago, and
Judge Mogan will sentence him to-day
for vagrancy. Despite his long spree
Dowlingr is a fine-looking fellow and
his relatives evidently want to have
him jailed for reformatory purposes
only.
Charles H. Scanlan was given fifty
days for borrowing from a Sausallto
school teacher a watch worth $50 and
pledging it for $20.
Judge Mogan held Robert I* Payn
ter, accused of passing a fictitious
check for $15 on a Pacific street saloon
keeper, to answer in the Supreme Court
with bail fixed at $2000.
sentenced ;to sixty days' Imprisonment
by Judge Fritz. She has a handsome
income from property left her by her
husband, keeps a house and servants
on Eddy street, but is a confirmed in
ebriate. When arrested Tuesday af
ternoon she was under bond on an
appeal from a sixty-day sentence given
her several weeks ago by Judge Fritz.
Attorney Collins Obtains
an Order From Judge Cook
Returnable on August 8
Two Husbands Charge That
Their Better Halves Fre
quently Mistreated Them
The Failure to Return a Borrowed Household
Article Leads to Severance of the Entente
Cordiale Between Mrs. Perrin and Mrs. Girod
BUTTON CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
CRUEL WIVES
NOT WANTED
WOMAN LEAPS OVER GARDEN
FENCE AND BEATS NEIGHBOR
THE SAN F&ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1904,
Passage of the Stanley Dollar Into the Closely Guarded
Harbor of Hakodate—lrksomeness of the Over-
Caution of the Fussy Japanese Port Officials
STEAMS ACROSS THE RUSSIAN MINE
FIELDS SOWN IN THE KOREAN WATERS
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OF THi:
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE 07
New York, on the 31sV day of December
A. D. 1003. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th*
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
to. Cash 1400.000 OO
.ASSISTS "^^^™""
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $1.02«.«75 00
Cash in Banks 91.858 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ' 4,754 51
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 62.811 43
Total assets JI. 186.000 SM
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $70,500 00
Losses resisted, including expenses 3.710 0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $651.-
111 60; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 3C3.5J3 80>
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ¦
running more than one year.
$214,632 40: reinsurance pro rata 118.048 9S
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid IT, 438 47V
Total liabilities $333,278 25
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $343,362 90
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all .other sources 88.234 43
Total income $383,817 32
EXPENDITURES. s
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $92,848. losses of pre-
?lous years) $431 308 49
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 337 713 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 1520 00
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 28.863 SI
All other payments and expendi-
tures 4.90O 48
Total expenditure* $733,343 63
TXn.
Losses Incurred durlna; the year $43<V.382 49
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks — —
written during the
year $S3,S84.SC0 $1,143,869 44
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 10S.1S2.431 1.406,804 13
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. . 65.411.7381 863.764 0O
ALBBRT R_ LEDOCX. Vice President.
CHARLES S. CONKLIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3th
day ofFehruary. 10O4.
CHRIS BAMBACH. Notary Public.
C. A. HENRY & CO., General Agents
215 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
Calif ornla. Alaska, Arizona. Idaho, Mon-
tana, Nevada, Oreiroa, Utaa, Was*,
burton ana Hawaiian Iiltartj, _- '