SAN . FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
i Continued \ on Face 6, , Column 1,
Continued on Paso 8, Column &»
The death of Paul Kruger./last Presi
dent of the late Transvaal Republic,
following within a comparatively short
time .that of his great political antag
onist, ¦ Cecil Rhodes, accentuates . the
closing of one Important epoch of South
African history and the opening of an
other under very different auspices and
conditions.
Old : things and the • old . men 1 have
passed away and a new regime,
handled and directed-by new men, has
been instituted.
Butihowever the future of, his coun
try and his people may compare .with
times .past, "Oom Paul" Kruger will
go down in Boir tale and .tradition- aa
a brave man, a noble patriot and an
able statesman. | The disastrous end of
the long ; struggle that he organized'
and maintained against- overwhelming
odds • to defend and secure the freedom
of his ; people can . detract' nothing"' from
the.ment of the great Boer leader/ the
sincerity of his purposes, or the
righteousness of his cause aalhe saw it.
' A : STRIKING CAKEER.;
I Hia : career, of activity' and * usefulness,
In ,the service of his country covered
a -period of sixty odd years, during
which time he filled most acceptably
every office In the gift of his fellow
countrymen. From 1837 down to No
vember, • 1900, when he left his own
country. for a refuge in Europe, he was
in continuous "service aa soldier,' dlplo-'
mat . and . statesman, and well earned
the respect of/ his foes as well as the
love of his own people.
' Stephahus Johannes Paulus Kruger.
as he. was christened, was born at
Vaalbank Farm, in the Colesburg dis
trict. Cape. Colony (since ' 1806 under
British rrule), October 10, 1825. He
was the third child of Caspar Jan Hen
dick Kruger and Elisa Steyn, his wife.
Hia ancestors were^not from Hollaad,
as • has often; been stated, but' from
Germany.- The founder of the African
branch of the 'family married a French
woman, and ; was obliged to flee* from
his -country on account of his - reli
gion.
•When ;he was yet a boy of 10 the
/'great - trek" ' of 18 3 5 : was made and
he 'marched '. at j his father's side- over
into - Natal 1 and ~ later ' bade • over - tho
On the annexation of the Oranss
Free State by the British In 1833.
Kruger, with a number of his coun
trymen, "trekked" again, crossed the
Vaal River, and with others, who had
gone direct from Natal, laid the foun
dation of the Transvaal, or South Afri
can republic.
Known as a brave soldier and a cool,
clear-beaded man) he made rapid ad
vancement in the official positions of.
the primitive republic and In 1353 was
FOUNDS THE TRANSVAAL..
Ah a young man of 22 he went Into
his first fight with the British and was
at his father's side when the latter
fired the first shot at the battle of
Boomplatz (1847).
Drakensberg Mountains to the Orango
Free State. He was called to public
office at a very early age, having
been made magistrate, under the titla
of field cornet, when he was only
17 years old. Even before this he
had distinguished himself for bravery
and skill In fights with the Kaffirs,
Zulus. Basutos and other tribes.
LONDON, July 14. —Ex-President Kruger of the Transvaal Republic
died at 3 o'clock this morning at Clarens, Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Close of 'Patriots llemarkable Career Marks the End
of an Epoch in South African History.
THE LATE PAUL KRUGER, EX-PRESIDENT OF TRANSVAAL.
¦ - ¦ ¦ • '
JAPANESE CHARGING TJP N'ANSHAN HILL' DURING THE BATTLE WHICH
RESULTED IN THE CAPTURE OF K1NCHOU AND THE CONTROL OF THE
UAOTUNG PENINSULA.
HUNDREDS
PERISH IN
A FLOOD
Great j Conflict Is Now in Progress
Near General Kuropatkin's v
Main Base.
Town Near Manila
Destroyed by a
Cloudburst.
CHEFU, July 14 (8a.ni.). — Private advices just received
from Newchwang indicate that the long-expected battle between
Kaichou and Tatchekiao is now in progress.
. TOKIO, July 14 (12m.). — Two j warships and four to
pedo-boats belonging to the Russian Vladivostok squadron were
seen off the island of Hokkaido on Wednesday morning.
j MANILA, July 13.— A cloudburst over
the hills northeast of Manila caused a
flood which hae destroyed San Juan
del Monte. Two hundred lives were
lost. •¦
The low-lying districts were Inun
dated. The homes of Americans and
foreigners are isolated. Transportation
through the streets is carried on in
boats. ..V*.
Rain has fallen for twenty-seven
hours, totaling 171-6 Inches. This is
unprecedented.- Communication with
outside places Is interrupted.
The damage to property is estimated
at 52,000,000.
LONDON, July 13. — A dispatch to a news agency from St
Petersburg: says that the officers of the Baltic fleet have been or
dered to join their vessels to-day.
LONDON, July 14. — There is published this, morning a
rumor that Port Arthur has fallen, but it is. discredited and lacks
confirmation of anv sort.
DENVER LAD COM30TS
SUICIDE AT ST. LOUIS
Bon of a Prominent Coloradan Swal
lows Prussic Add During a
Spell of Despondency.
ST. LOUIS. July 13. — John W. Par
ker, 18 years old, the son 'of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Parker of Denver.
Colo., committed suicide to-day by
taking prussic acid. Young Parker
had been visiting the fair and the per
rons -with whom he had been living
raid that he had appeared melancholy
for about a week, but could assign no
cause for his dejection.
Charles A. Parker Is traffic manager
of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany and for two years was commis
sioner of . the Colorado Railway
Bureau. He was at one time traffic
manager for the Missouri Pacific Rail\
•way in St. Louis.
parties worked the whole night.
During the fight, the correspondent
says, the Russians took prisoner, a Jap
anese arrayed in Chinese dress, who
was on a hill on the Russian flank
heliographing all the Russian move
ments.
It is the belief of the" correspondent
that the Japanese are 1 doing their best
to conceal their main, objective, with
drawing, advancing and shifting po
sitions in the most puzzling fashion,
until it Is Impossible to tell where they
will strike a blow.
Oyama Arrives at Dalny.
LONDON, July 14. — The Tokio cor
respondent of the Dally Chronicle
says that Field Marshal Marquis
Oyama (commander in chief of the
Japanese forces in the field), accom
panied, by his chief of staff,: Lieuten
ant General Kodama, arrived " at Dal
ny July 13. _ /,•
Railroad Officials In Boise.
BOISE, Idaho, July 13. Julius
Kruttschnitt, general transportation
director of the entire Harrimah sys
tem: J. C Stubbs, traffic manager of
the Short Line; E. Buckingham, gen
eral superintendent of the Short Line,
and J. F. Dunn, superintendent of mo
tive power., were in Boise an hour to
day. They, left at 10:30 p.m. for the
return trip, but will Inspect the Twin
Fall* Irrigation prvjact on their waav
CHEFU, July 18.— A dispatch received
here from Newchwang for Lloyd's
says:
"Japanese scouts . were . seen" this
morning at Blackswood Pond, six miles
south of here. General Oku, with 50,000
men, is advancing rapidly between this
place and Tatcheklao. Shipping and
trade are progressing as usual."
TATCHEKIAO. July 13.— The Japan
ese attacked Tatcheklao on Sunday,
but ¦ the . attack . was . jiot . seriously,
pressed, the Japanese retiring event
ually toward Kaichou.
A Russian correspondent in ,the field,
describing the fighting which 'preceded
the capture of Ktaochou says that the
Japanese did not* display their cus
tomary prudence. They advanced In
open formation, with cries of "Banzai,"
meeting the hall of artillery and \ rifle
fire from Major; General Kondravitch'^
men and being • literally mowed ! down.
The dead and wounded were so thick '
.that . tba - Red ' Cross .and .coolie - burial >
War News Continued on Page 2. ._
ARMOUR VISITS THE YARDS.
The packing house Inspectors did not
appear to share the alleged fear /of
mobs. J. Ogden Armour went alone for
a tour of the stock yards. He was rec
ognized all along the way by strikers;
but met with no demonstration.
One-'of the most interesting state
ments made to-day regarding the
strike situation came from 'Miss Mary
E. McDowell, of the University of Chi
cago settlement, near the stock yards.
She said that the greatest difficulty the
union workmen had to expect was that
presented by the "casual worker," who,
she . said, was at the beck and call of
the plant superintendents.. There are
about. 5000 of '. this class, of laborers
around the yards looking for work, and
the: regular workmen are in constant
fear they will. be supplanted. Many of
these workers are now, it is sald^being
engaged to take; places of the strikers.
Miss McDowell ; remarked :
• "I do 'not -expect serious trouble un-
To-day bore out predictions of the
packing house proprietors that the big
strike would not causa a stoppage of
operations. In the great abattoirs
things moved slowly, indeed, but
they moved. ¦ ..
In all the packing houses some ani
mals were being slaughtered. Every
department was said to be doing some
thing, and was expected to increase
the activity, to-morrow. Loading and
shipping were . In progress, though
heavily curtailed, as was the buying of
cattle. Hundreds of workmen were
hired and put at work in the places
which had been vacated by thousands.
On the other hand, the strike spread
somewhat by. the action of the team
sters, In considerable numbers, but os
tensibly acting as individuals, who re
fused to handle product touched by
newly hired non-union workers. This
refusal was usually based on the time
honored plea 'that a different course,
contracts . notwithstanding, would - put
the teamster in peril of his life.
Extensive installments of sleeping
cots and cooking apparatus for strike
breakers at the various packing houses
were apparently the main Irritant cause
for action by the teamsters, although
there were a number of sporadic mob
outbreaks on a small scale.
The initial step toward a settlement
of the controversy by mediation was
taken late this evening by the State
Board of Arbitration. When the mem
bers of the board reached Chicago they
at once went into conference with
Michael J. Donnelly, the leader of the
strike, and listened to the story of his
side- 'of the trouble. The members of
the board then interviewed the repre
sentatives of the packers and their
side of the controversy was heard. As
a result of these -two conferences, Don
nelly sent a • communication to the
packers In which it was stated that the
unions were willing to accept a set
tlement through a board of arbitration.
No reply is expected from the employ
ers before to-morrow, ' but It is confi
dently expected that their reply will be
conciliatory, because they offered to ar
bitrate the matter in dispute before the
strike was called.
Donnelly declared to-night that the
offer of arbitration from' the packers
had not reached him before the strike
was called and that if the packers will
again make : the , same proposition it
would be accepted by the unions.
PLANTS ARE NOT CLOSED.
CHICAGO, July 13.— Arbitration of
the grievances which precipitated the
general strike in the meat packing
houses in various parts of the country
appears to-night; to be ln^sight, and a
conference ¦ between ' employers and
strikers will be 'held to-nfprrow morn-
Jllgu y-T^-y. "' ~— ¦'-':¦ -*-;.¦:-••-- ;>• ¦¦¦? *-*¦ -i»*»*-f f'-^s-i-Ci.
Initial Step Toward a Settlement of
Differences Is Taken, at
Chicago.
May Terminate- the -Contest
Between tKe Packers
¦anil' Their Men.
Illinois State Board
Arranges Plan
lor Peace.
EMPLOYERS
AND UNION
TO CONFER
PAUL KRUGER, EX-PRESIDENT OF TRANSVAAL, DIES
LATE HEAD OF THE BOER
REPUBLIC PASSES AWAY IN
HIS HAVEN IN SWITZERLAND
LONDON," July " 14. — The Yinkow correspondent of the Daily Chronicle asserts that a battle occurred north of Kaichou on July 12, when the
Japanese were repulsed with great loss*
JAPANESE DEFEATED IN A BATTLE NEAR KAICHOU
Alcazar— "Beartieosa."
Calif oral* — "Tha Honoraria John
»orth. M
Central— "Atour the Mohawk."
Chutes— VandevUlo.
Columbia — "Cousin Sate."
Fischer's — "A Lucky Stone."
Grand— "Mr. Barnes of New
York."
Orpaeum — Vaudeville. Mattaea
To-Day. \
Tlvoll — "Bobta Hood."
TH22 THEATXS8.
Tor«c**t mad* at. tan. Tna
dsoo for thirty lurars enOlaff
mlflnlTht. July 14 T
Ban. - rnmdseo and vicinity —
X"»tr Thursday | brisk werterly
wind*. A. Q. ISoABZS.
District Porec*«ter.
TED WIATKEB.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 44.
The San Francisco Call.Japan Purchases Railroad Material
LONDON. July 13. — According to a
special telegram from Liaoyang, the
Russian scouts have discovered fur
ther Japanese detachments In the val
ley of the Taitse River on the road to
Mukden. The correspondent believes
the Japanese In that vicinity intend to
direct the operations of the Chinese
bandits, who are concentrating in the
surrounding valley for the purpose of
raiding the railroad and blowing up
b rid res.
Are Believed to Be Directing Opera
tions of Chinese Bandits.
BROWN SCOUTS NEAR MUKDEN
CHEFU. July 13.— The British fleet,
the movements of which last week
were tinged with mystery, has been
located cruising in Yungchlng Bay.
thirty miles from WeihaiweL There
is excellent authority for the state
ment that the fleet Is watching devel
opments at Port Arthur.
Chinese refugees from Port Arthur
who arrived here this afternoon report
that the Japanese have recaptured
two of the positions near there, from
which they recently were driven out
by the Russians. v."
BRITISH FLEET LOCATED.
King's Warships Are Watching Devel
opment* at Port Arthur.
GREAT BRITAIN MAY PROTEST.
Passage of Dardanelles by Russian
Ships Is Under Consideration.
LONDON. July 13.— rThere is rea
son to believe that the Foreign' Office
is giving ; serious consideration to the
question of the passage of the Darda
nelles by vessels of the Russian vol
unteer fleet, and if the reports of the
operations of the St. Petersburg, one
of the ships which recently passed
through the straits, " in searching two
British vessels In the Red Sea are of
ficially confirmed, protests may be
lodged both . in Constantinople and in
St. Petersburg.
One Million Pounds Shipped on the
Steamship Shawmut,
MEAT FOR BROWN WARRIORS.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., July 13. —
Advices received \at Northern Pacific
headquarters state that the heaviest
order on record of canned meat to
cross the Pacific has been successfully
delivered on the Pacific Coast and
loaded aboard the steamship Shawmut
for transportation . from Puget Sound
to Yokohama. The-shipment consists
of a rush order for 1,000,000 pounds
of canned beef for "the subsistence de
partment of the Japanese army. It
was handled from ,' Chicago by the
Northern Pacific in special trains of
forty refrigerator cars.
The Admiralty regards the naval
situation as greatly improved and
*ees evidence of the Japanese fleet
showing signs of exhaustion. The of
ficials here believe that Admiral Togo,
¦with the knowledge that he will have
to fight without the co-operation of
the army in storming Port Arthur, has
become extremely cautious about risk
ing his ships and that at present he
will undertake operations of only sec
ondary importance, like a pursuit of
the Vladivostok squadron and co-op
eration with land forces .at New
chwang.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 13. — The
Admiralty believes that Rear Admiral
AVithoeffp squadron is rendering ef
fective aid in the defense of Port Ar
thur by impeding the construction of
batteries near the eastern approaches
and fortress, the warships going out
¦ nd shelling the Japanese works un
der construction for this purpose. The
bringing up of siege guns to an ef
fective range can thus be materially
retarded.
Admiral Wlthocft's Ships Giving the
Besiegers Much Trouble.
PORT ARTHUR FLEET ACTIVE.
The utmost confidence is felt at Port
Arthur of- the ability of the garrison
to hold but.
MUKDEN, Tuesday, July 12. — A
dispatch received here from Port Ar
tur says that General Fock attacked
the Japanese right flank on July 6
and drove the Japanese from their po
sition. The Russian cavalry advanced
as far as Nanga Pass.
The Japanese are landing troops at
Siaopingtao, about midway between
Port Arthur and Port Dalny, on the
east coast of the Llaotunar Peninsula.
General Fock Attacks Foe's Right
Flank at Port Arthur.
BESIEGERS DRIVEN BACK.
LIAOYANG, July 13. — After the oc
cupation of Kaichou, the Japanese
southern army was busily engaged hi
entrenching. Detachments of the Jap
anese are reported by General Mist
chenkoT to be at Hoiziapudza and ad
vancing toward Siadian and Tang
chia, their advance posts reaching
Koutiastze. The total Japanese force
on this front, according to the Rus
sian ecouts, is not less than four or
five divisions. The Japanese cavalry
is concentrated on the 'left flank.
The Japanese outposts north of SIu
yen have been extended to Pha Pass.
No changes have been made in the
positions of the eastern army. A Jap
anese fleet is reported to be cruising
oft* the mouth of the Liao River.
Fortifications of Captured Town of
Kaichou Are Strengthened.
JAPANESE ENTRENCHING.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Martha E. Sell
of Berkeley," Cal.. a El^ter-of -the- late
Dr. Washington West, to-day filed a
petitii/n with the Circuit Court asking
that the will of Dr. West, which was
admitted to probate about ten days
j,-u, be set aside. She alleges that at
The time the will was made her brother
v. as in feeble mind and health and that
the instrument is not his true will.
Miss Sell was beneficiary of the will
to the extent of $100. She alleges that
the estate is worth $200,000. The es
tate has been in the hands of Gerrard
Stride, public administrator, 6ince the
will was offered for probate last sum
mer. B. Wolf is named as administra
tor in the will and he filed a bond for
3400.000. To-day he would have taken
charge of the estate except for the
filing of Miss Sell's petition, which
made it necessary for the Probate
Court to appoint an administrator pen
dente lite. Judge Crews appointed
cJerrard Strode.
Eprcia! Dispatch to The C«U
ST. PETERSBURG, July 13.—Stead
ily and cautiously-General Oku's army
from the south and General Nodzu's
army from thfe east are closing In on
Tatchekiao, where 'General Kuropatkin
is reported td be entrenched. One hun
dred and thirty "thousand" Japanese' are
involved _)Ln;. the. movement. "_ The next
few days will determine to what ex
tent General Kuropatkin intends_ to
make a stand at Tatchekiao, possession
of which by the Japanese would com
pel the immediate evacuation of New
chwang. The outposts of the armies
are scarcely fifteen miles apart.
Lieutenant General Sakharoff reports
that General Kuroki is massing his
troops near the Pkhamlin Pass and
moving out by, both roads upon Hal
cheng. Heavy pressure from this
quarter would render Tatchekiao un
tenable.
Petitioner Sa.vs Brother Was
Feeble In Mind ~atr Time
the Instrument Was Made
ESTATE IS VAMJABJ(E:
Kuroki Advancing to Bender
Assistance to , Oku and
- Nodzu. . -
The original report had reached St.
Petersburg last night in the form of a
newspaper dispatch from Mukden and
was received with incredulity but at
about noon, when Vice Admiral
Alexieff telegraphed the news to the
general staff, it created a tremendous
impression. It was immediately trans
mitted to the Official Messenger and a
few minutes afterward -the newsboys
were racing- through the streets, elec
trifying the crowds with; the tidings.
The boys we're fairly mobbed by per
sons eager to buy the extras.
The members of the general staff do
not offer explanations of what Ad
miral Alexieff means by "Japanese
sources." but they declare that the
Viceroy would not have officially re
ported such important news unless it
had reached him from sources entirely
worthy of credence. At the same time,
they say the report should be accepted
with reserve; pending the ' receipt of
more definite advices. In support of. the
report, however,, they point out, that
Jhe date coincides with the second at
tempt of Admiral Togo's torpedo-boat
"According to information derived
from Japanese sources and received by
Admiral AlexiefTs military staff, the
Japanese attacked the Russian posi
tion at Port Arthur during the night
of July 10. They were, repulsed with
enormous losses. It is difficult to cal
culate even approximately the number
of Japanese casualties, which amount
ed. It is said, to the immense figure of
30,000." -
. -There was great interest throughout
St. Petersburg all this evening for
further details of the disaster. It has
.developed that the official report, which
was at nr6t suppdsed to emanate di
rectly from Viceroy Alexieff, was not
epeclficaHy fathered by. him, but was
given out as a report reaching his
headquarters from "Japanese sources."
What . these sources are has not yet
been explained. Possibly the report
was intercepted by wireless telegraph;
but it is more likely that it came from
the Russian Consul at Chefu or the
Russian at Tientsin. A full
report from .Lieutenant General Stoes
sel, commander of the military forces
at Port Arthur, is awaited.
The general staff to-day gave out the
following: . . |
. i'Kews has been received from re
liable sources ihat the Japanese third
army' on the night of July 11 attacked
Port .Arthur and was heavily defeated,
'an'lmmense number* being 1 killed by
llupsian mines. The total loss is about
l 30,000." - > ¦' - .
ST. •PETERSBURG. July 13.— A spe
cial 'dispatch received from Mukden to
ni§ht, <lated July 12. repeat* the story
of si Japanese repulse at Port Arthur
Tilth the loss of 30,000 men. The dis»
patch -
If the report of the loss of 30,000 Jap
anese is confirmed General Nodzu's
army is in desperate straits, as General
Stoessel will not fail to take advantage
of such a reverse and follow it up.
LONDON, July 14.— The special dis
patches from correspondents at the
seat of war published in this morn
ing's London newspapers do not give
any confirmation of the sensational re
ports of the Japanese losses at Port
Arthur.
The loss of 50,000 of the besiegers in
an attack against fortifications with
guns in position and the approaches
sown with mines is considered quite
within the range of possibility, if the
Japanese, as on other occasions, storm
ed the fortifications with their ac
customed recklessness, especially if the
mines were exploded under masses of
men. The general staff already had in
formation that the besiegers had occu
pied Takushan Hill, three miles north
east of the harbor, but adds that the
Japanese were unable to hold the posi
tion.
destroyers to creep into the harbor. It
is true that Togo does not mention a
land attack, but this is not in his
province.
Berkeley AVoman Files-Peti
tion to Have Dr.: Washing
ton West's Will' Set * : Aside
Foe's Forces Number One
Hundred and Thirty.
Thousand Men.
SAYS TESTATOR
WAS UNSOUND
Official Message From Viceroy As
serts That 30,000 Men Fell
at Port Arthur.
General Kuropatkin. Faces
Two Immense Armies at
Tatchekiao.
ALEXIEFF REPORTS ENORMOUS JAPANESE LOSSES
Valor of Brown Men Surprised at
Motien Turns Defeat Into
LEAVES WEALTH
TO HIS FRIEND
YANKEE BENEFICIAKY
Rich Frenchman Gives For
tune to Fellow Globe-Trot
ter and Amazes Kela.tives
Paris Judge Suspects Chi
canery and Orders Ameri
can Produced in Court
mainder of the Japanese regiment,
however, td which the outposts and the
companies at the trench belonged, re
inforced their comrades, and began to
drive the Russians back.
As soon as it was sufficiently light to
distinguish the enemy, two hours after
the beginning of the fight, the Jap
anese forced the Russians to retreat
one mile down the valley. The trench
and its approaches on the hillside were
thickly covered with dead and wounded
men. Blood spattered stones and grass
everywhere testified to the hotnes3 of
the fighting.
Chinese stretcher bearers, impassive
under dropping bullets, were collecting
the wounded and carrying . them to an
improvised hospital in a roadside tem
ple, where they were laid. out. in rows
under huge painted and plastered gods.
Japanese details, with trenching
spades, were burying "the dead where
they fell, and Japanese soldiers were
bringing water to their own and' the
Russian wounded and Impartially giv
ing the wounded men cigarettes.
The firing continued during the aft
ernoon, but gradually the sounds grew
more distant. Indicating that the Rus
sians were still retreating.
PARIS, July 13.— A remarkable case
In which George A. Church of Nayatt
Point, R. I., is the central figure, is
being heard by the tribunal of the
Seine. M. Poulet, a wealthy Parisian
capitalist, disappeared fourteen years
ago during a voyage around the world.
He left $260,000 in French bonds. After
waiting the statutory period his heirs
asked for a division of the estate.
Thereafter a will was filed, dated Slm-
Than-Glaia, Island of Java. January
23, 1&00, in which M. Poulet gave his
entire estate to George A. Church.
Counsel for the heirs sought to create
the impression that this was another
case of mythical Crawfords, as in tho
Humbert case, while counsel for
Church maintained that his client act
ually exists; being a retired New Eng
land merchant, who recently sailed
from New York for Europe.
Thereupon the court asked that
Church be presented to the court and
adjourned the case until Friday to per
mit the presentation or production of
other proofs of his Identity.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., July 13.—
George A. Church, named in Paris dis
patches as a claimant of the property
of M. Poulet, a Parisian capitalist, was
for many years a resident of Nayatt
Point, near this city. He belongs to
an old Rhode Island family, and Is
nearly 60 years of age.
For several years he has spent his
time in European travel, and during
one of his trips made the acquaintance
of Poulet. The two became intimate
friends and about fourteen years ago
the Parisian visited Church at hi«
Rhode Island home. It was shortly
after this that Poulet started on his
trip around the world, during which he
died at Buenos Ayres.
For several years past Church has
resided in New Yorlr
•AH women follow the fashions, but
some are a long distance behind.
OTTAWA, Ontario. July 13. — The
Grand Trunk Pacific amended charter
bill passed the Senate to-day without
division. The bill authorizes the con
struction of a new transcontinental
line.
Victory for Grand Trunk Bill.
BLAMES "YELLOW" PRESS.
War Expert Tells Why Japan Is Sup
pressing Correspondents.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 13. — Wil
liam Kirton, war correspondent of the
Central News and the London
Graphic and a military critic of con
siderable note, arrived here on the
Empress of India* He claims that
the real reason for the refusal of the
Japanese to allow any war corre
spondents to "go to the front was the
fact that a number of "Irresponsible
and sensational American newspaper
reporters," who knew nothing about
war or the duties of a war correspond
ent, had been sent out by certain
American newspapers and that the
Japanese included not only these per
sons In the ban of prohibition, but
also, on their account, the trained and
veteran war correspondents. Kirton
says his statements are based on in
formation imparted to him by respon
sible Japanese officials, civil and mil
itary. "A*-i? ? : :-.'-*:V;-; : ':
AT THE FRONT WITHGENERAL
KUROKI'S FORCES, July 4.— The brief
and disastrous attempt of the Rus
sians-to overwhelm the small Japanese
force which guarded the entrance to
the Motien Pass was a bloody affair.
The . Japanese troop's again exhibited
their resourcefulness and courage and
the Russians again threw away many
lives. The losses cannot be ascertained
until the battlefield, has been searched.
The 'Japanese are 'still driving the
enemy up 'the. valley. The correspon
dent of the Associated Press saw
enough to Justify the estimate that the
Russians had more than 200 men killed
or wounded and that the Japanese
casualties*" prtfbably ""would amount to
60. ; The. Russians left 30 dead In front
of and in the trench. where the attack
began. At^ this point they had an equal
number of\ men severely wounded and
the Japanese took several prisoners
and captured 100 rifles. The Russians
were seen carrying away two officers
who had been either killed or wounded.
SURPRISED BY RUSSIANS.
Motien Pass opens upon a funnel
shaped slope which rises for a quarter
of a mile from the valley and which is
flanked by hills. Thirty-six Japanese
were quartered in a Chinese house near
the bottom of the hftl and two com
panies of Japanese soldiers were in a
trench a hundred yards long, located
on the summit of the hill, which com
manded the approach. Two other com
panies of soldiers slept near this
trench.
Between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morn
ing, in complete darkness and with a
heavy fog enshrouding tne hills, two
battalions of the Tenth and Twenty
fourth East Siberian Regiments, to
gether with, one hundred cavalrymen,
approached the Japanese position.
They surrounded the pickets and the
outposts In the house and gained a po
sition from which to rush the trench.
Several other Russian companies were
so disposed that they could attempt a
flanking movement on both the Japan
ese right and left.
"When the fighting began the build
ing where the outposts were quartered
became a slaughter-house. The Jap
anese, aroused from their sleep by the
enemy, seized their swords and bay
onets to resist the attack. The Rus
sians were at such close quarters with
the Japanese that. it was imporsible for
the latter to use /their rifles.
HAND-TO-HAND FIGHTING.
The first fighting in the trench. arijl
in front of the 7 trench was hand , to
hand, and the Japanese who ran but to
man the trench'were but half 'clothed.
The first Russian onslaught was re
pelled, but the Russians charged twice
again within half an hour. . The re-
General Oku Says They Numbered
Less Than 200 Men.
JAPAN'S KAICHOU LOSSES.
LONDON, July 13. — A dispatch to
the Japanese legation from Tokio to
day announces that General Oku re
ports that In the fights leading to the
occupation of Kaichou the Japanese
casualties from July 5 to July 7 were
four men killed and twenty wounded.
The casualties of the Japanese on
July 8 and July 9 were about 150 men
killed or wounded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', .THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1004.
ASTORIA, Or., July U.— A mass
meeting of over 300 resident gill . net
fishermen was held here to-day for the
purpose of devising means to. prevent
non-resident gill netters from Califor
nia fishing in the waters of the Colum
bia River. The fishermen decided to
procure the arrest of a number of men
who are fishing in the river in defiance
of ttelKK. >nJcb-:forJM<k-;flshins by,,
con -residents.
Object to California Fishermen.
SIMLA. British India, July 13.
Brigadier General Macdonald expects
to commence his advance on Lassa,
the capital of Tibet, to-morrow and
hopes to reach there about August 6.
ENGLISH TO CONTINUE
ADVANCE ON • TIBET
Brigadier General Maednnald Expects
to Reach the Capital in Early
Part of August.
PARIS, July 13. — Deputy Cesbron,
Republican, has challenged M,. Ger
ault-Richard. Socialist Deputy from
Guadalupe, to fight a duel. The" lat
ter called M. Cesbron a "Jackanapes"
during the session yesterday.
a Socialist Colled Uim a
-• • "Jackanapes."
FRENCH LEGISLATORS
MAY FIGHT A DUEL
Republican ¦ Issues Challenge Because
TACOMA. July IS,— Shipments of
railroad materials in large quantity
are due to leave Tacoma for Japan.
Returning steamers brin* the news
that the material, in large part, is des
tined lor the construction of itailltary
railroads in Korea and possibly Man
churia. Every steamship leaving Ta
coma during the last elx months has
carried engines, boilers and other rail
road equipment. : 'i .
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*• *-»S f *JP kA a. * - ' . / V '- ¦ • " i * ¦ ¦ ¦ k JYlp •*% ' <j? 1 11 JJ ' flBn Tflfk " vm ' jJft. * Bl . ' iffk Kv ' 4Sw. JUR j 09h ii PT^ Warn JW% V* JRP^. Mfcr X "\ / 1 *? \
Po ,3 \ # t* r t |£jks£ jfl^'WiWj C" a r* _— f\ r *» T* /* #™i *i t c Ht *^/^ j^fcj^ _^^mBEhI^^»- „ on * w*isri Vests c^c* > yv J
eH JJXXBIKa SALE, AS ALWAYS, AX.& WECESSABY ALTEBA- §35 Overcoats. $27.5O *^ P0 ST^T^^^^^^^^^^^ 11^ '" )ress an(^ 1:1MURDERERS ELECTROCUTED
IN OHIO PENITENTIARY
FRESNO, July 13.— E. A- Boudreau
is mourning the loss of his wife, Mrs.
Juda Boudreau, and 51700. It happen
ed this way: For the last year Bou
dreau has been employed as head cook
by the Sanger Lumber Company at
Millwood. He and, his wife lived hap
pily and saved their earnings. John
Wyllie was also there and spent much
time m the household. About a week
ago Mrs. Boudreau and Wyllie came
to Fresno, she telling her husband that
she was going to visit friend3 in San
Francisco. All went along . peacefully
till Boudreau was notified that his wife
had gone to the bank and drawn their
savings amounting to $1700. His eyes
were then opened. He made an investi
gation and found, it is said, that his
wife and Wyllie had gone off together
and were contemplating a trip around
the country on his money. It is be
lieved that they are now in St. Louis.
Boudreau does not believe in divorces
but has taken steps to have the com
munity property placed in his name, to
make secure what is left of his small
fortune.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fresno County Cook Loses
Spouse and the Money He
Had on Deposit in a Bank
WIFE AND COIN
ARE BOTH GONE
Oregon Murderer Sentenced to Death.
PORTLAND, Or.. July". 13.— Denied
a new trial, Frank Guglielmo was
sentenced to-day'by Judge Clelland to
hang on August 16 for the murder of
Freda Guarascia.-a: young girl. On
hearing his fate the murderer broke
down and wept. •- .^> i ¦' .',
Railroad Begins Extension Work.
RENO. July 13.— From the east end
of the big rock cut near Moapa in
Lincoln County, this State, a large
force of men began the work of laying
track Tuesday. They are headed west
and are in hopes of reaching. Las Ve
gas ranch not later than August 1.
Eastern Oregon Suffers From Drought
TACOMA, July 13. — Eastern Ore
gon is suffering from a drought, ac
cording to J. S. Cooper, Mayor of In
dependence and a member of the Ore
gon Legislature, who is visiting friends
here. Cooper says all crops, including
hops,, hay. wheat and prunes, are in
bad condition.
i' SEATTLE, July 13. — Summary:
First race, five furlongs — Targette won, Caro
burn second. Cayucos third. Time, l:02H.
Second race, five and a half furlongrs — Kin»
Herald won, Macflecknoe second. Skirmish
third. Time, l:08&.
: Third race, one mile— Frivolous won, Gold
Finder second, Nora thjrd. Time. 1:42.
¦Fourth" race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Blue eyes won. Forest King second,
Platonlus . third. Time, 1:47.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Duke of Riche
lieu won. Pilot second. Mountebank third
Time, 1 -.28. •
Sixth race, one mile" and fifty yards The
Stewardess ¦ won. Colonel Van second. CaneJo
third. Time. .-1:43 1*. >^t°<
Results at Seattle.
HONOLULU, July 13.— The Samo
ar.ische Zeitung says that the Governor
of German Samoa, Herr Solf, has re
ceived a .native demand that ex-King
Mataafa be allowed to countersign all
ordinances, to overlook the public ex
penditures, that he be given the right
to a royal salute, and permitted to wear
an official uniform. '
According to the newspaper Herr Solf
says that Mataafa has repudiated the
sender of the demands on his behalf,
and that he has apologized for the act
of this man. The trouble was stirred
up by dissatisfied whites.
MATAAFA IS ASKING
NO FAVORS OF NATIVES
''<:• , ¦-'. .¦-'¦. ¦ - I
Steamers will te installed on the
lake, giving seventy miles of water
transportation. Shedd says the road
should reach the Tanana River inside
of three years, giving connection with
Fairbanks and Cehna.
TACOMA* July 13. — C. B. Shedd of
Chicago has returned from a trip
through Central Alaska made for the
purpose of investigating the resources
of the country to be tapped by the
Alaska -Central Railroad. The rails
are now laid five miles from Seward
and there are enough on hand to com
plete the line to Lake Kenai, twenty
two miles from Seward.
C. B. Shcdd of Chicago Completes
Tour of the Country to Be Tapped
by New Railroad.
RETURNS I'ROM TRIP
TO CENTRAL ALASKA
Puppy "~ stake. twenty-four entries — Rel'e
Marie vs. Stlngaree; Our Darkey vs. T. C.
Watson: Son of Brln V5. Skv Van: Gallet vs.
Rutty Anchor; Karl vs. Slroc; Bronze I vs.
Presto: Secretive vs. Blaze; Prosperity vs. Ina
Clssus; Slim Jim vc. The Puke: The Delta
vs. Mount Lowe; Free Krln vs. Ramona;
Sampler Vs. B!ue Eyes.
The card for Saturday's coursing at
Union Park promises to be one of the
best of the rear. In the open stake all
the crack hounds will perform. The best
youngsters of the season are carded to
run In the puppy stake. Following is
the result of last-night's draw: ,
Op^n Ftake. flfty-six entries— Texas Betty v«.
Vanrial: Rf»c1*»fr /lUo vs. »ed Pepper- In Tim^
vs. Conroy: Hudson vs. Ml Amlgo; Haphazard
vs. High Born; Texas Mamie vs. Frisco Lad;
KuinboSdt vs. Hapld Water; Idteness vs.
Golden Ught: Hermit vs. Aurella; Duhallow
vs. McVey; Gold Chain vs. Palo Alto; Gal
vrpton v« Jack Doe: Free From Flaw vs.
Gambit: Amandin vs. Full Moon: Our Motto
v*. Mr. ZlBnego; Lost Chord vs. Ruby Sankey;
False Alarm vs. Sempronius; Renegade Apache
vs. Charter Member: Rocker Arm vs. Baby
Aurora; Reckless Acrobat vs. Roman Athlete:
Liberator vs. Melllnwood; Texas Jill vs. Sac
ramento Boy; Rocklin Boy vs. Friendless Boy:
The Referee vs. Mickey Free; J. E. H. vs.
Texas Hoo Hoo; L. I* C. vs. Cubanola: Flaunt
va. Homer Boy: Rural Artist vs. Richard
Anton. • ".-...¦
ALL THE FAST COURSERS
CARDED TO RUN AT UNION
His advanced age forbade active ser
vice in. the field ~ on his part, so soon
after the-tapture of Pretoria by Lord
Roberts in 1900 he left his country by
way of Lorenzo Marquez and sought
refuge in Europe, where he remained
until his death, , rendering until the
close of. the war such assistance to his
still struggling countrymen. In the way
of. sending men and supplies, as cir
cumstances would permit:
It was alleged at the time that- he
carried ;With him. to Europe enormous
j The war beins- over Kruger took a
j leading part in the reorganization of
i the-Republic and by his wise anfl mod
! erate counsels did much to heal the
i differences that had '.been engendered
'by the events of the five years pre
ceding.
In 1883 he was elected to the Presi
dency for five years, and re-elected in
I 1888 and 1893, and again to his fourth
j term in 1S98. Ions before he had began
I to suspect the intentions of the British
in regard to the Boer republics.
After, circumventing the aims of the
Jamieson raiders and their backers in
¦ 1S96 he, began to prepare for the life or
j death struggle which he saw to be near
j at. hand. .
I It came October 12, 1899, and under
ordinary circumstances his foresight
I and preparedness, backed by his brave
i, burghers and their skillful leaders,
| might . have crowned their, struggle
j with success. It was decreed other
wise, however, and after a contest al
{' most unprecedented in history the war
¦came to an end in May, 1902.
The history of; that war and Presi
dent \Kruger's part therein is of too
i recent happening ;to be dealt with
j here. . . . ,„ .;./...
SEEKS REFUGE IN EUROPE.
REORGANIZES REPUBLIC.
| As leader of the triumvirate com
posed of Praetorlus. Joubertand him
self he stood out in strenuous opposi
tion to annexation and for the inde
pendence of the Transvaal, as guaran
teed by the Sand River convention of
1S52. To Sir Bartle Frere he appeared
always obdurate on rfiis point, always
saying: "We want our country back;
we will take nothing less than our
country, and will not rest day or night
until we set 'it."
; He was a leading spirit in the revolt
of 1880-81 and took an active part in
the direction of affairs at the battle of
Majuba Hill, where, the British were
disastrously defeated and compelled to
make a peace, conceding the inde
pendence, of the Transvaal.
In 1S76 he was elected Vice 'President,
which office he held until the annexa
tion of the Transvaal was proclaimed
in behalf of Great Britain by Sir
Theophilus Shepstone in 1ST".- 'i-j: s '.-%
Commandant. He held this position
during the civil war of 1860 and bjr his
bravery, quick action and skill brought
the struggle to a close.
.In 1S59, under the Presidency of Von
Reinsburg Kruger was made Com
mandant General of all tlie Transvaaal
forces, when engaged in war with the
Kaffirs and other, tribes, and in' the
face of overwhelming numbers he han
dled the affairs most advantageously
and forced peace.
The action was opposed by the St.
Louis delegates, but after Mrs. Wash
ington had spoken in support of her
resplution, declaring against the
World's Fair meeting, it was adopted
by a large majority. :-* ¦
ST. LOUIS, July 13. — The second
session of the National Association of
Colored Women, which was to have
convened to-day at the World's Fair
grounds, met in a downtown church
as the, result of a resolution adopted
at the instance of Mrs. Booker T.
Washington.
Mrs. Washington opposed the meet
ing at the World's Fair on the ground
that the exposition directors' board
discriminated against negro women
In the matter of employment on the
grounds and against the race in gen
eral.
3Irs. Booker IT. Washington Objects
Because of Discrimination of Ex
position Officials.
COLORED WOMEN .WUJi
NOT MEET AT THE FAIR
PAUL KRUGER DIES IH SWITZERLAND
Continued From Page'l, Column 7.
COACHES AKE DEMOLISHED.
Between Chicago Heights and Glen
wood there is a sharp curve and as the
picnic train tore around this on ihe
southbound track the freight train was
backing southbound to the northbound
track. It was partly on both tracks
and no train could have passed it in
either direction. The bend is so sharp
that the engineer of the picnic train
had no chance to see the freight be
fore he was upon it. It was too late
to do anything but apply the 'air
brakes, but before they could take ef
fect the passenger tra'in smashed into
the freight at full speed. The engine
and baggage car of the passenger went
clear through the freight and were
Tiled up in a heap of wreckage on the
further side of the switch, on which
the freight was crossing from one track
to the other. The first coach of the
picnic train plunged straight into the
wreckage and buried itself in a mass
of kindling wood under the demolished
baggage car.
Nearly all of the passengers in the
first coach were caught beneath the
mass of debris, and It was here that
the loss of life occurred. The passen
gers In the rear coaches were hurled
from their seats and many of them
were badly shaken and bruised, but all
of the serious casualties occurred In
the first car.
IIKIiD DOWN* BY WRECKAGE.
The uninjured passengers and train
men at once hastened to the relief of
thoSe who were pinned down under the
wreckage, who were shleklng plteously
for aid. The scene of the wreck is two
miles from any station and much delay
ensued before some of the injured who
were held down by heavy timbers could
be extricated. Nothing could be done
for them until lifting machinery came
from Chicago Heights.
Men were sent running along the
tracks to both Chicago Heights and
Glenwood for aid and in a short time
trains bearing physicians and supplies
for the wounded were on their way
from both stations. The first train to
arrive on the scene was from Chicago
Heights and carried six physicians. A
short time afterward a second train ar
rived from Glenwood, bringing addi
tional physicians and a number of
nurses.
Darkness had fallen when the second
train arrived and the work of rescue
and relief went on by the light of huge
bonfires that were built along the side
of the track. A regular relief train waa
made up at Glenwood as soon as possi
ble and every preparation made to
bring,- the dead and injured to the city.
It was nearly 10 o'clock when the last
of the injured had been taken from the
wreckage and a half hour later than
that time when ' the temporary dress-"
ing had been applied to the last wound
and the train, carrying its woeful bur
den, started for the city.
Because the first train had blocked
the rightful track the excursion train
switched to the southbound track to
run for four miles until . it should
have passed the station at Glenwood.
Just north of Chicago Heights. As it
tore along the track at the rate of
forty miles an hour it rounded a
sharp curve and came full upon the
second train, which was backing up
on the southbound track In order to
take up its lost cars and trying at the
same time to keep out of the way of
the coming picnic train, which it be
lieved was on the northbound track.
There was no time for more than the
setting of the brakes, when, with un
slackened- speed, the train with its
load of 500 men, women and children
crashed Into the freight. There was
a shock, a shriek and more than
twenty souls were in enternity.
ling on a second freight train
Miscellaneous— C. Dodeckl Alamedn: Al Ja
cobs and family, Alameda: Jessie Williamson
M. Sue Hlckmaq, D. J. West W. C Farrell.
J. E. Krahill. San Jose; K. R. Phillips. F. E.
William. L. E. Miller .«an DieRo: Mrs H.
Morse. Red Bluff; M. H. Throp. Stanford Uni
versity; Mrs. M. G. Gallaher. Sclma; Mrs. A.
Martin end daughter, Mrs. R. L. Schwalll,
Mrs. R. M: Collins. Mlddletown: F P. Me
serve, R« l liand«; Mrs. E. V. Williams, Glen
dale: J. M. Gonasle. Coloma: Miss V. J.
Ryall. M. J. Hearst, Pacific Grove; F. Prlxley
Orange; J. \V. Breeding. Brent Nunnelley!
Saratoga; W. M. Thrope. Stanford University;
Mrs. W. W. Williams. E. W. Brackett. Red
ding:: C. S. Greene. Pasadena; Mrs. G. H.
Gale. Hants Ana; D. E. Meyers, Fresno;
Dr. D. Mills, Santa Ana; C F. Reed. National
City: B. Kimstlen, Fresno: '. K. S. Stevens,
Santa Barbara: G. A. Paul, San Rafael: H.
T. Brantly. Stanford University; J. A. Mar
tin, Sclma; G. Adams, Fakersfleld ; G. C.
MUlrr and wlf*. Sulsun: E. L Cottrell Eu
r*ka; J. C. Simmons, Downey; D. F. Wier and
wife. Bakcrsfleld; L. F. Gerlach, Stockton: C.
H. Hayback. Oxnard; E. D. Roberts and fam
ily San Bernardino: Mrs. G. Meng-eo, Vafiejo;
J. Quarney. ¦ P»nlc!a; J. A. Fo3ter. Sa'.inas;
J. P. Cutter, Cueamor.tra. .-C'-'-, : .--'V-
Oakland — Mrs. E. M. Rand. J. D. Ernst.
Mre. J. Ernst. Nye Ernat, J. Kcinman. E. D
W>lls, Mary Varney. ¦
Sacramento— C. Sutter and -wif», M. Kl
merno. M. J. Dillman and family, J. Judd O.
TV. Noack.
San Francisco— A. L'Jmpn. Mrs. G. R. Pau
eon, S. Gafcam, L. H. Moo*er. Eva Varney.
M. E. Varing, D. Du Cos. Mrs. J. A. Lyter.
C. L. Huffman. C. L. Este*. J. Nathan. Dr.
H. J. Chatnoce. C. Hooran. H. Franklln^Mra.
M. Patterson. G. Bain.' Mrs. B. Warner Rice,
H. F. Marilyn. II. Noi*lahin
Los Anpeles— II. Brainord. H. Harris. D.
I>. Hollman. J. Joley, -H. K. Williams.- F\ J.
Held, W. \V. Cowan. H. Hanloiv F. B. Lyons
Mrs. Kletzenborger. L. J. Sweat, E. F. John
eon. Belle MoKlnzle. A L. Stoll and wife, F.
Christlaner. T. F. Howard, Mrs. H. G. Brain
erd, Fred Bralnerd.
ST. LOUIS, July 13. — The following
California visitors have registered at
the California building: ,
the Exposition.
Golden State Is Well Represented at
CAL1FORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
PKOMIXEXT OFFICER OF FRA
TERNAL ORGANIZATION WHO
MAY DECLINE RE-ELECTION.
The grand officers and delegates,
through the kindness of Rear Admiral
McCalla, spent several hours this aft
ernoon in the navy yard. The Mare
Island station band played In honor of
the visitors, who found much interest
in inspecting the warships in port, the
new training ship Intrepid building on
the ways, torpedo and submarine boats,
the* historic receiving ship Independ
ence, the big stone dock and the large
machine shops.
A special train this evening conveyed
the grand officers, delegates, members
of the local councils and friends to
Napa, where they were received and
entertained by the Young Ladies* and
the Young Men's institutes of that
place.
VALLEJO, July 13.— Considerable In
terest is beginning to develop over the
election of officers of the Grand Coun
cil of the Young Ladies* Institute,
which is holding its twelfth session
here this week. It has been given out
that Miss May Stein does not desire
re-election as grand president^ as she
feels that the labors of the term now
closing have been too arduous for her.
Still she has received many requests
to accept another term and assurances
of strong support. In the event of her
declining a second term First Grand
Vice President Miss C. A. Terry of San
Francisco is in line for promotion.
There promises to be a spirited con
test for the office of grand director.
Eleven are to be elected and it is un
derstood that there are at least twenty
candidates tor the positions. The elec
tion "will be held next Saturday.
Among the pleasant social features
of the week was the presentation of an
exquisite cut glass vase to Grand Presi
dent Miss May Stein, silver scent bot
tles to Past Grand President Miss A.
M. Potthoff and Grand Secretary and
Treasurer Miss J. T. Malloy. and a gold
brooch to Miss Lizzie McGuire, who is
at the head of the local committee of
arrangements. The gifts were from
Vallejo Council No. 13, Y. L. I.
The sesHon of the Grand Institute
this morning was devoted entirely to
the exemplification of the ritual.
Changes and Improvements were sug
gested and considered. The report of
the grand president. MIss : May Stein,
will be presented on Thursday and is
awaited with much interest.
The story of Paul Kruger's life,
aside from his career as a soldier and
statesman, is full of adventure and
daring such as the brains of the fiction
writers and story makers could hard
ly imagine. In the conquest of Natal,
the Orange Free State and lastly the
Transvaal from the blacks and the
wild beasts he bore a foremost and
fearless part.
President Kruger was a deeply re
ligious man. His early education,
hke that of other Boer boys, as far as
books -were concerned, consisted in
writing, figuring and reading. The
Bible was literally "the book" in every
family and while yet a young man he
knew it from beginning to end and
believed in it literally. He was one
of the regular preachers of the "Dop
per" church in Pretoria, to which he
belonged.
values of coin and -bullion, but that
has since been proved to be without
foundation.
Paul Kruger was married in 1842
to Miss Maria du Pleasis, a young
woman of French extraction from
south of the Vaal River. They lived
happily together until 1891. -when his
wife died.
To-day the Supervisors granted a
special privilege of twenty-three
months to Harry L. Shannon of San
Francisco, representing the power
company, to maintain a pole line
throughout the county and also grant
ed his petition for the sale of another
franchise, which shall have fifty years"
life.
REDDING, July 13.— The Shasta
Power Company, which proposes to
enter the local field by establishing a
power plant on Hat Creek to furnish
power to Redding and other towns of
Northern California, is not in a posi
tion to go ahead with operations if it
is so disposed. It recently called for
bids for a franchise and was outbid
a stranger, whose connections are
unknown.
Corporation Is Granted the Right to
Maintain a Pole Line Through
out the County.
SHASTA POWER COMPANY
% WANTS NEW FRANCHISE
Two accidents combined to make
the disaster. The first was the break
ing down of a freight train on the
northbound track, on which the ex
rursion train should have proceeded
Biter leaving Chicago Heights, and
the other was the breaking of a coup-
The children In the first coach were
tinging as the train passed through
Chicago Heights, twenty-sex'en miles
from Chicago. Two miles farther the
train went on and then the singing
was bushed In death for more than a
More and by cries of pain and horror
from seventy others.
This was the day for the annual pic
nic of the Sunday school and, as In
former years, hundreds of the children
with their parents and friends had
Rone to the picnic grounds at Mo
njence. III., for the day. The picnic
was over and the train was on the re
turn to Chicago when the accident oc
curred.
PICNIC ENDS IN TRAGEDY.
LENA PALMER, daughter of Mrs.
Palmer and granddaughter of Mrs.
Landers.
LENA HIPELIUS. 14 years old.
ANDREW KRAMER.
WILLIAM H. MEYER. 12 years old.
JOHN PODUDA, S years old.
MAMIE PODUDA. 3 years old.
MRS. CATHERINE GERRINGER.
FRANCIS GERRINGER. 2 years old.
WALTER GERRINGER, 15 years
old
MRS. CARRIAGE.
Nine unidentified children.
LONG LIST OF INJURED
The injured: Frederick Dewitt, con
ductor of picnic train. both legs
broken; Frank Kountney. 9 years old,
right ankle broken, left leg crushed;
John Krihaska. 10 years old. right leg
broken: Rosie Probaski, 8 years old,
back broken, will die; John Burkey, 15
>*ars old. skull fractured; Mrs! Nellie
Tigag, back broken, will die; Kutie
C^rringer. 7 years old, right hip dis
li»cated: Tony L. Mitsky. 11 years old,
legt badly cut; Ida Ecklund, skull frac
tured, may die; Edward Storers, head
severely bruised: Walter Barber. 11
years old. both legs and arms broken;
Mary William?. 7 years old, right leg
broken: Alice Cherry, 8 years old, right
!• g broken: Harry Gustafsen, 10 years
old. body Imiisfd and cut; Ruth Gus
tals«n. Internally injured, may die;
Mr?. Max Ruter. face cut; Lulu Ruter,
Z ycais old, cut about head; Ethel
Ituter, 4 years old, cut about head; Gus
Swanson, cut about face and head;
Thomas E. Duffy, cut severely on right
)"?: Agnes Weiss, head cut; Carl
Schoen. richt leg broken: Gustavus
Sehoen, left arm cut: Buddie Acheson.
luad cut; Georpe Duffy. 13 years old,
internally injured: Frank Duffy. 11
yca*-s old. internal injuries, may die;
William Johnson, right leg broken:
Michael Kavanaugh. right leg broken;
Archie Nell, bruised, about body; Bar
bara Volstrok. 17 years old, both legs
broken: Walter Dougherty, 12 years
old. left leg broken; Anna Punaday,
ripht leg broken; Mrs. Elizabeth Healy.
both legs broken, internal injuries, will
die; Mrs. May Wilkin, bruised about
body: Henry Busch, head cut; Lizzie
Pearwxa. 17 years old. internal injuries;
Miss Anna Pearson, left leg broken;
Mrs. C. Ecklund. internal injuries, may
die: Mrs. Anna £)aubriche. injured in
ternally, right leg broken: Charles
Duubriche. 4 years old, left leg broken;
Mamie Daubrichc. left leg broken;
Daisy Smith, 11 years old. both legs
broken: Mrs. Lizzie Hipelius. mother
of Lena Hipelius, who was killed, in
ternal injuries, leg broken; Louise
Ilipelius. aged 11. right leg broken;
Emma Hipelius. 14 years old, left leg
•broken; Margaret Hipelius, aged 4. left
arm broken: Louis Hipelius. 5 years
¦old. left leg broken; Mrs. Mary Cotton,
ba'k cut; Rosie Cotton, 11 years old,
head cut; Mamie Wilkin. 9 years old.
right leg broken; Mrs. Mary Courtney,
back Injured; Frank Courtney. 15 years
old, both feet injured; Carrie Mowett,
13 years old. left leg broken; Mrs. John
Mowett. head bruised; Charles Smith.
11 years old. left leg cut; James Volk-
Kt'.rf, 6 years old. both feet crushed;
Mrs. Frank Zitnik. left leg badly
bruised.
CHICAGO. July 13.— Twenty-two
members of the Sunday school of Do
remus Congregational Church at Thir
ty-first and Butler streets went to their
death this evening with joy in their
hearts and a hymn on their lips. Sev
enty persons, mostly children, mem
bers of the same Sunday school, were
maimed and mangled at the same time.
The carnage occurred in a cc-llision on
the tracks of the Chicago and Eastern
Illinois Railroad. between Chicago
Heights and Glenwood. • twenty-five
miles from Chicago. The dead:
CARL STEWART, 17 years old.
MRS. ELLEN LANDERS.
MRS. EMMA PALMER, daughter of
Mrs. Landers.
Coaches Crowded by Chicago
Church Excursionists
Demolished.
Richard Meehan, a boatman, was sit
ting on his scow when he saw a body
which was clad in a heavy winter over
coat. He called a policeman- and when
the body was towed ashore the identi
fication was made by the clothing, jew
elry, baggage cljeck and general de
scription, which corresponded with data
In the reward circular distributed
broadcast offering $10-000 for informa
tion leading to Kingsley's whereabouts
or for the recovery of his body. All
his jewelry, his papers, 590 in
money and even his tobacco and
match boxes were found just ""as
he carried them the last time he
was seen by his cousin, Baxter, who
has prosecuted search for his cousin
unremittingly. In a wallet containing
money there were three membership
card3 of the New York Athletic Club
made out in the name of Henry Bax
ter Kingsley.
The body was taken to Harlem
Morgue. Baxter is in Maine and Alex
ander T. Mason, his lawyer, has gone
to London to visit his mother, so the
body was not claimed to-night.
In addition to the" articles described
in the reward circular there were found
on. his body a silver tobacco box marked
"Father from Nahum and Ada'* and
an open-face gun metal watch marked
"C. S. K."
All sorts of theories have been ad
vanced, to account for the disappear
ance, but the theory that he had fallen
among thieves is actually disproved by
the finding of the body with all . the
valuables undisturbed.
NEW YORK, July 13.— Floating in
Harlem River the body of Henry Bax
ter Kingsley was picked up to-night
and the mystery of the disappearance
eight months ago of a wealthy club
member and cousin of Hugh H. Baxter
of Fifth avenue, this city, was thus
cleared.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Clothing and Valuables Are Undis
turbed and the Theory of Rob
b3ry Is Disproved.
Twenty-Two Perish
and Many Are'
Maimed.
Remains ol the New Yorker
Are Towed Ashore by
a Boatman.
Shortly after 1 o'clock this morn
ins Special Officer Hilbush found a
woman, apparently about 60 years of
age, lying unconscious on the side
walk at the corner of Clay and Locust
streets. She was Immediately con
veyed to the Park Hospital, where it
was discovered that she was suffering
from a lacerated wound on the head,
concussion of the brain and a possible
fracture of the skull.
"When the woman was found her
clothes were badly disarranged and
torn and there was evidence that
she had been roughly handled before
being rendered unconscious by a blow
on the head. No money or valuables
were found on her person, although her
clothes indicated that she was a wo
man in comfortable circumstances.
In the woman's Docket was found an
envelope addressed to Mrs. H.* M. Gar
rity, care of O. J. Fladmark, Fulton
and Baker streets. In the envelope
was a promissory note for $25 made
out in favor of Mrs. H. M. Garrity
and signed by a man named "Wilson.
The woman died at 2:30 this morning
Picnic Train Col
lides With a
Freight.
Early Morning Tragedy In
volves Well-Dressed Resi
dent of Baker Street
Mystery of Clubman's
Disappearance's
Cleared.
SUCCU31BS TO INJURY
Unconscious Female, Who Is
Thought to Be Mrs. Gar
rity, Victim of Thugs
Representatives Who A<-e Attending the Grand Council
of the Young Ladies' Institute/Now in Annual Session
at Vallejo, Spend Enjoyable Afternoon at 'Mare' Island
SCORES
DEAD OR
INJURED
KINGSLEY'S
BODY FOUND
IN RIVER
WOMAN FOUND
ALMOST DYING
GOVERNMENT NAVY YARD
INTERESTS DELEGATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,. JULY It. 1904.
after midnight at the Ohio penitenti
ary annex for the murder of Kather
ine Sullivan, near Toledo, in 1900.
Slayers of Knthcrine Sullivan at To
ledo £nffer Penalty for Their
Crime.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 14.— Al and
Ben "Wade were electrocuted slfortly
3
ASVE3TISE2EENTS.
Sale of I&T
Wash Vests . iV -r?^' : r ; ¦••••>.
We have just received from •: V%£*' % * : * ' %£pM'r
our workshops a fresh assort-: *Mjj?i »•':"• ' ; %*£/&>•'
ment of midsummer wash..»^wj : : . . « .* -' , • ,ligw.£"
vests, which we really believe V/^^T*:. % :. . Wzt?
to be the best values we ever i|.^^VC:. % * :£V',-' v*s£§£ .
offered in vests of this kind. ; * ! 'it^U^^^§/
t They are made in the latest •"*:>> "'-'^^^W
style — high cut, six buttons, '^4£;£ v } ~ 'i V; . '#^
single-breasted, sizes 33 to * *l^* ' ' *- •,-:^: : >.
44: fit guaranteed.
The materials are duck. /•'¦•^M^^^^y--]^. .7-^.1
mattings, basket weaves and ¦'£¦ «P 'f 1^^^^": 1 ''' '¦¦'¦ . - : -
mercerized goods in plain p : i^^^ : . •' V
white, drab, silver and tan 4 '.•;":•" Vv'> v t
also in the same colors with a^ *''•'.'/.¦%•<?•' '
dots and stripes in -harmoni-
ous shades.
The sale price is $1.00.,
1 Mail order* filled — ivrite us to-day.
740 Market Street
REGISTER OF THE (I. S.lREASURY
| ' USES PE-RU-NA FOR SUMMER CATARRH.
of spring and summer, and these •C^lfe^^^^^^^^^^'^^^^^Sfc^
Two Interesting Letters from l^^^^^^^i^^M^ Bk N^
recommended to me so highly as £S§Kh| «SH^3§l§S^§§Ss
did not seem to do me any good. I— ¦¦— — ¦ —— —
My condition was serious. I was i — — — — — «— —^— — — — — .
run down from overwork and I HOI). JlldiOn W. LVOnS. I
worry, and my nerves were in a ' J J f
Ireadful condition. I could not — < — — — — — — _^________________
sleep, and my appetite was nothing to "I wrote you for advice, and I now
speak of. After I had taken Peruna for take pleasure in informing you that mv
fltrSgLTK ?£p e r£e Sl T a wa d s my gr a e£?fy '-P-'exnent is very great* |Jd«d. I ?ld
pleased and continued to take Peruna for not expect to improve so quickly after
some time, until now I am a well woman suffering for five longr years. I am feel-
with a splendid constitution. In fact. I Ing very good and strong. I thank you so
never felt better. I therefore praise Pe- much for Peruna. I shall recommend it
runa to all as a very good medicine." — tn _,, _„*.«-»„_. _, tK ?», i '^-"""" c " u
Miss Eleanor Lindblum! *° "P suffering with the efTects of ea-
c o #. i. tarrh and I consider it a household bless-
Mjmmer laiarrn. ing . i shan never be without Peruna."—
Mrs. Kate Bohn. 119 Willoughby Ave., Mrs. Kate Bohn.
Brooklyn. N. T., writes: P».rii-n» Cnnraln* \n m ari . ft n«
When I wrote you I was troubled PC TU na *-°ntaInS N » NarcoUcS.
with frequejit headaches, dizzy, strange One reason why Peruna has found per-
feellngr in the head, sleeplessness, sink- manent use In so many homes is that it
ing feelings, falntness and numbness, cotalns no narcotics of any kind. Perun*
Sometimes I had heartburn. My food * s 7^ 3 -^ 1^ 3 ;^ 11 , can b f, ased
would rise to my throat after every
meal, and my bowels were very irregu- temporary results. It is permanent in
lar. its effects.Marshal Heywood Here.
A man who gave his name at M. J.
Lyons was found wandering around
the Hall of Justice in a peculiar man
ner Sunday night by Officer Welch
and sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital. It was supposed the patient
was suffering from delirium tremens,
but Lyons gradually grew worse and
finally developed epileptic fits. Tues
day an operation was performed and
a clot of blood . removed from the
brain. The man died last night and
his body was turned over to the Cor
oner. There was nothing among the
man's effects which would lead to his
identity.
Dies at Hospital.
CHICAGO, July 13.— Roger Sullivan,
the new member of the Democratic Na
tional Committee from Illinois, declared
to-night that it was not considered de
sirable by ¦ members of the national
committee that ¦William J. Bryan take
the stump for the national ticket. Sul
livan declared to-day that the leader
from Nebraska "must not come into
Illinois to speak."
National Committee Will Not Ask
Nebraska n to Take Stomp.
WANT NONE OF BRYAN.
Charles L. Harvey, a young man,
who had his leg so badly crushed in
a collision of Jones and Ellis street
cars on March 15, 1902, as to neces
sitate amputation of that member, yes
terday compromised his suit for Sam
ages for $7000. The motion for com
promise was made through the boy's
father, Peter Harvey, and Garret Me-
Enerney was his attorney. The orig
inal suit was for $50,000 damages
against the California Street Cable
Railroad Company and the Market
Street Railway Company, together
with the motormen and conductors of
the colliding cars. Harvey was a den
tal student and because of his loss of
a leg was prevented from continuing
his studies or practicing the .profes
sion.
Damage Suit Compromised.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111., July 13. —
William P. Scott, candidate for.Presi
dent of the United States on the Na
tional Liberty party ticket, was ar
rested to-day on account of an unpaid
fine and taken to Belleville, the. county
seat of St. Clair County.
Several months ago Scott, who runs
a saloon and s umer garden at Den
verside, was convicted of conducting a
disorderly place and his flrie and costs
amounted to $490. He paid ?50 and
was given time to pay the balance.
National Liberty Nominee Fails to
Pay a Fine and Promptly
Gets Into Trouble.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE
y PLACED UNDER ARREST
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Rae E. Partingrton against
John Frank Partingtori on the ground
of extreme cruelty; Caroline Baum
bnch against Bernard Baumbach, de
sertion; E. M. Jessen against J. C. Jes
sen, neglect. Divorces were granted
by Judge Troutt to Clarisse Vivant
from Camille Vivant, intemperance;
Bessie V. James from Bertram James,
neglect; Nellie L. Hock from Tobias
J. Hock, neglect. . By Judge Graham
to Doris D. Benton from John C. Ben
ton, failure to provide. In the last
named case Benton is said to have
been an attorney, who could not make
a living at his profession. Julius Souza
filed a cross-complaint to his wife's
suit for divorce, charging her with
consorting with another man. He has
been a steamship steward, but says he
is out of a job and cannot pay her
$40 a month demanded as alimony.
Parting of the Ways.
8A1.INAS. July 13.— Preliminary step* wer*
taken by the Native Daughters last night tt»
secure a Carnegie library for Salinas. A sits
for the library has been promised.
Jphn Peterson was terribly burned
and scalded yesterday morning in a
pickle factory at 653 Chestnut street
by burning alcohol and boiling water.
The unfortunate man, who is night
foreman, had just turned boiling wa
ter into a tank and as he did so passed
near the preserving vats. He had an
open light in his hand and the flame
of this caused the alcohol tanks to
become ignited. He was suddenly
enveloped in a sheet of flame and,
falling down, rolled under the stream
of boiling water.
His injuries are very serious and
there is little hope for his recovery.
He was removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital and later to the Ger
man Hospital. He resides at 2223
Taylor street.
JOHN PETERSON TERRIBLY
BURNED IN PICKLE FACTORY
SACRAMENTO, July 13. — In a re
port to M. H. Metson of the Yosemite
Valley Commission A. D. Hopkins, in
charge of the forest insect Investiga
tion, states that the pine weevil has
attacked thousands of the yellow pine
trees in the valley and that to save
growing trees the bark should be
stripped from the affected trees -and
burned or all the pine trees in the val
ley will be destroyed.
Weevil Attacks Yosemite Trees.
Insane Prisoner Makes Hi* Escape.
SALINAS, July 13. — James Paulsen.
an Insane prisoner, escaped from the
jail here yesterday and is still at
large. The officers fear that he may
injure some person before he is re
taken, as he I3 violent.
Charge Against Wilkes Is Dismissed.
isAN JOSE, July 13. — A charge of
obtaining money under false pre
tenses against Paul T. Wilkes. the
former husband of Mrs. Leroy Jones,
who figured in a sensational disap
pearance in New York a couple of
months ago, was dismissed by Justice
Davison this morning. He was ac
cused of passing a worthless sight
draft, and it was subsequently learned
that the paper was genuine.
. The victims were instructed to begin
their duties April 25 in the afternoon,
and when ..they, arrived rt the office
of. C. C. Lawrence & Co. ;n the Scho
field building in Cleveland on that aft
ernoon the company had fled, and
shortly thereafter a man who held a
chattel mortgage on the office furni
ture came and carted away everything,
THEY GO TO WORK.
The testimony of Lewis, Lange, Mul
der and Morris Jr. was practically the
Bame. AH answered an advertisement
In the Cleveland newspapers, stating
that "a gentleman." being compelled
by age and impaired eyesight to retire
from business, would sell his half in
terest in a business which was paying
from 56000 to 510.000 per annum, the
selling price to be 523D0 cash. No ex
perience was necessary, the advertise
ment stating that the remaining part
ner would instruct the new man as to
his duties.. The firm was that of C. C.
Lawrence & Co., general brokers, real
estate agents, etc. All with the excep
tion of Lange and Morris paid 52500 for
the half interest, each believing himself
to be the only purchaser. Lange paid
5950 cash, and not being able to secure
the balance gave his note to the pris
oner, allowing the remainder of the
purchase money to be taken out of th«*
profits of the business. Morris paid
5800 and remained In the office ten
days. The firm was not doing any
business. j N">
The other complaint charges him
with having defrauded several persons
in this city in 1901. At that time Carle
ton occupied offices In the Emma
Spreckels building in this city under
the name of Herbert Carleton & Co.
and employed a large number of young
men as collectors, requiring them at
the same time to deposit 5500 each as
security for their honesty. After they
left the money Carleton & Co. disap
peared, taking the coin. The prisoner
had with him at that time a good look
ing young woman who was known as
his wife,' and acted as the cpmpany's
typewriter, and a young man who act
ed as his secretary. Mrs. Carleton and
this man were present in court yester
day.
FOUR, DUPES AT ONCE. -
CRIMINAL RECORD HERE.
Detective Edward Gibson of this city
was also in court armed with two war
rants for Carleton's arrest to be served
in case of his release. The complaint
on which the first warrant was Issued
charges Carleton with being a. fugitive
from Justice from the city .of . New
York. It appears that the prisoner
was convicted in that city and sen
tenced to four years'- imprisonment in
the Sing Sing penitentiary for steal
ing 5680. He took an appeal, was re
leased on bonds and escaped.
Four victims of Charles H. Carleton,
alias Herbert Carleton, alias C. C.
Lawrence, confronted that alleged con
fidence crook yesterday morning in
United States Commissioner HeacocK's
court. Carleton was tne subject of ju
dicial inquiry as to whether he should
be removed to Cleveland, Ohio, for trial
on a charge of having used the mails
to defraud the four victims. The vic
tims, Robert D. Lewis, Clamor H.
Lange, Frank E. Mulder and Isaac
Morris Jr., all of Cleveland, Ohio, were
•In court, having been brought to this
city by the long arm of Uncle Sam.
Carleton, Carrao and George Harris,
alias F. G. Edwards, were confeder
ates.
Franklin K. Lane and John H. Mar
ble, counsel for the defendant, an
nounced that they would not put in
any evidence. Lane raised the point
that the complaint found in Cleveland,
Ohio, and the complaint drawn in this
city were not the same. Some of the
allegations differed In both complaints,
and Lane argued that they charged
two entirely different crimes.
Judge Heacock remarked that the
Assistant District Attorney had not
yet explained why the nam . of the vic
tim used in the foreign complaint was
not the same as in the complaint made
In this city, which contained four
names. Judge Heacock said that if Mc-
Klnley would ask for leave to amend
the complaint he would grant him time.
McKinley remarked that he would
make the request for leave to file an
amended complaint, and the matter
went over until 9:30 a. m. to-day.
Judge Heacock remarked that he
would probably hold the prisoner for
removal, the evidence having showed
that he had committed . three separate
offenses against the postal laws of the
United States.
This ended the testimony on behalf of
the Government introduced by Assist
ant United States Attorney Ben L. Mc-
Klnley and Postoffice Inspector James
O'Connell. '
TO CORRECT AN ERROR.
Morris was formerly stenographer
and telegrapher for the Carnegie Steel
Company. His contract with Law
rence differed from that of the others.
He was to receive $100 per month from
the firm of Lawrence & Co. and one
half of Edwards' commission for the
sale of stocks.
leaving the four dupes shivering on the
threshold. Mulder wanted to begin on
the niorning of that day his duties as
the half of the firm, but on the pre
ceding day Lawrence gave him a com
mission to go to a neighboring town on
the morning of April 25 to examine a
stock of hardware that was for sale.
He did not return until the afternoon
and after Carleton and his confeder
ates had fled.
ALXJ^GED HALF INTEREST SWINDLER AND HIS WIFE. HE IS WANTED BY
CLEVELAND AUTHORITIES AND IS ALSO CHARGED WITH HAVING
JUMPED HIS BAIL WHILE UNDER SENTENCE TO SING SING.
Judge Parker to-day received notifi
cation from William R. Hearst that he
is to have the support of the Hearst
newspapers. He refused to say wheth
er or not he had received word from
William J. Bryan. Whether former
President Cleveland Is to make any
speech in Judge Parker's cause during
the campaign is not known, but it is
understood that the Judge has had an
intimation from Mr. Cleveland of his
willingness to participate to a limited
extent in the campaign.
To-morrow evening the citizens of
Kingston and vicinity, irrespective of
party, are to visit Rosemont and pay
their respects to the Democratic can
didate for President. A special train
has been arranged for and there will
be speeches, music and fireworks.
More than 200 letters went from
Judge Parker In the first outgoing
mail, most of them replies to letters
and telegrams of congratulation. More
than 200 arrived in the first incoming
mail and every mail since has showed
a marked Increase over the previous
one. The following telegram was re
ceived to-day:
"MUSKOGEE, I. T., July 13.— Hon.
Alton B. Parker, Esopus, N. Y.: In an
election held here to-day, the first in
the United States after your nomina
tion, Muskogee, claimed by the Repub
licans, went Democratic. This is the
first gun of the campaign and is con
sidered a fair test. The Indian Terri
tory is on fire with an unconquerable
Democratic zeal.
"D. M. WISDOM.
"F. F. HANCOCK.
"J. R. TAYLOR Jr."
ESOPUS, N\ Y., July 13.— Rosemount.
the home of Judge Alton B. Parker, for
the first time to-day began to show
outward signs of the cominK of the
campaign. The lodgehouse at the gate
is being arranged Tor use as the cam
paign office, and linemen to-day put up
the special telephone and telegraph
lines which are to be In use from now
on.
Parker's Surroundings Beginning to
Take on a Political Aspect.
PREPARING FOR CAMPAIGN.
District Attorney Byington in speak
ing yesterday of the attack upon him
by Attorney Eddy during the inquest
on the body of Mrs. George Curry.who
was shot and killed by her husband,
defended his action In. takiner a state
ment from Curry and said that every
criminal would be interviewed when
arrested by a representative of his of
fice. If he had the time he would do
so personally and if he had another
deputy in his office he would specially
assign him to do that work.
The District Attorney says he would
like to have in his office two Intelli
gent men, whose duty would be to
cross-examine all people arrested on
criminal charges.
"I think," he said, "it is criminal
for an official to sit back until a per
son charged with crime has time to
prepare a false story, to fix witnesses
and plan a cunning defense. The
course to be pursued is to interview
the defendant immediately after the
commission of the crime and to pro
cure statements from all witnesses. If
a link is overlooked at the beginning
it is* frequently lost forever."
Special Duty Wonld Be to Interview
Men Arrested for Crime and
AH the Witnesses.
SAN JOSE, July 13. — A divorce suit
filed to-day by Claude Simpson
against Christiana Simpson recalls
the suicide of Edward S. Johnston, a
saloon-keeper, on April 8, 1D03. At
that time Mrs. Simpson was posing us
the wife of Johnston. Simpson in the
divorce proceedings charges his wife
with extreme cruelty and intemper
ance, and that in November, 1902. her
acts were such that she caused him to
leave his home. There is one child,
five years old, Ernest C. Simpson,
whom he has always had the care of,
and he asks for the child's custody.
For some months before Johnston
killed himself Mrs. Simpson had
openly declared she was the wife of
Johnston, saying that the ceremony
was performed by a Catholic clergy
man. After the suicide she stuck to
the story, but it was shown to be
false.
Woman Who Figured In Case Is Now
Beinj; Sued for I.<*sal Separation
by Her Hushnml.
DIVORCE SUIT RECALLS
A SAN JOSE SUICIDE
DISTRICT \aTTORXEY WANTS
TWO CLEVER DETECTIVES
As neither of the conditions had
been complied with Golden was com
pelled to dismiss the suit. The salary
demand will still remain tied up until
other court proceedings to determine
the construction of the law are insti
tuted.
Judge Golden ordered the salary
warrant produced in court and ascer
tained that it was made out in favor
of Simpson, who claimed exemption
from the judgment on the ground that
the salary was required for his sup
port and that of his family. Golden
ruled that the Jurisdiction of the court
in the case depends upon the payment
of the amount of the demand into the
court or upon some means of getting
it.
Justice of the Peace Golden yester
day dismissed the case of Charles
Trull against James Simpson on the
ground that the court has no jurisdic
tion. Trull, as assignee of Bier & Re
gensburger, sued Simpson, who is
chief deputy tax collector, for $175
on a promissory note. Trull had ob
tained a judgment against Simpson
and under the new law filed a tran
script thereof and Treasurer McDou
gald refused to pay Simpson's salary
demand for one month.
Judge Golden Rules He Has No Power
to Dispose of Judgment Debtor's
Salary.
DISMISSES SUIT FOR
IjACK OF JURISDICTION
The following Supervisors were nom
inated: R. J. Davis. District No. 2: L.
C. Pistnlesi. District No. 3; H. C.
Goudy, District No. 4.
The convention adjourned with three
rousing cheers for the Republican ad
ministration.
Marin County Republicans are a unit
for E. B. Martlnelli's nomination for
State Senator from the Senatorial dis
trict now represented by C. M. Bel
shaw of Contra Costa County. The
delegates elected to the Santa Cruz
convention will support Martinelll's
candidacy.
S. W. Olmstead was unanimously re
nominated for the Assembly.
The following delegates were elected
to the Republican convention which
will meet at Sant**Cruz next month:
At large — Judgre T. J. Lennon, R. D.
Hatch. George E. Ring.
From the districts — P. H. Peterson,
T. P. Boyd. John Buette, E. I. Butler.
R. S. Brown. *
W. J. Martin, delegate from Sausallto,
proposed an amendment to the plat
form, recommending that the court
house be moved to Sausallto ami that
all future Republican conventions be
held there. After a spirited contest the
motion was lost, but Delegate Martin
says Sausalito is still in the ring.
SAX RAFAEL. July 13.— The Repub
licans of Marin County hold a large
and enthusiastic convention in this city
to-day — in fact it was the largest con
vention ever held in the history of th»
county. S. P. Moorhead was elected
chairman and E. L. Braswell secretary.
The platform adopted strongly in
dorses the Republican national ticket,
commends the President on his ap
pointment of Victor H. Metcalf to a
place' In the Cabinet, and generally In
dorsed the course of the Republican
members of the Congregessional dele
gation from California.
Duncan E. McKinlay was Indorsed
for Congrress and he addressed the con
vention.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
When the committee called upon Sec
retary Loeb at the executive office the
President was absent temporarily from
Sagamore Hill. He was not even with
in telephone communication of Secre
tary Loeb, and the members of the
committee were so informed.
, OYSTER, BAY, July . 13.— President
Roosevelt and Secretary Loeb were en
gaged to-day for several hours" in fhe
transaction of official business at Saga
more Hill. A part of the time was de
voted by the President to work In
preparation of his speech to be deliv
ered on the 27th lnst.,,\vhen he will re
ceive his notification of the nomination.
Before the arrlvaUof Secretary Loeb
the President devoted considerable time
to exercise about the Sagamore Hill
grounds. A favorite exercise of the
President is chopping wood and he in
dulges in this every day. It serves to
keep down his weight and he enjoys
it more than any other of his diver
sions except horseback riding.
Concerning the visit to Oyster Bay
yesterday the committee representing
the Central Labor Union of Lack
awanna and Luzerne counties, Pa., Sec
retary Loeb to-day received the follow
ing telegram from John E. Barrett,
editor of the Truth of Scranton, Pa.:
"Did President Roosevelt personally
refuse to see a committee of miners
yesterday, as reported in this morning's
papers?"
In response to this inquiry, Secretary
Loeb sent to Editor Barrett the follow
ing telegram:
"Many thanks for your telegram. The
committee came here and insisted on
seeing the President to present a pe
tition at a time when I could not ar
range- it for them. The President did
not know they were here. If they had
sent word that they desired to see the
President I should have been glad to
arrange for them at some convenient
time. As it was, I offered to bring the
petition to the personal attention of
the President. Thevstatement that
the President had any knowledge of
the committee's presence in Oyster Bay
is not true."
Dr. Rowell is quite confident of Sen
ator Bard's re-election to the United
States Senate. He bases his belief on
expressions of public sentiment
throughout the State, and on the .fur
ther belief that corporate influences
will not be employed to set aside
the will of the majority of Republican
voters.
Incidentally the remark was made
in Senator Bard's room last night that
the contest might be further enlivened
by the introduction of another candi
date in the person of Frank H. Short
of Fresno. It is gossip in political cir
cles that definite announcement of
Short's intentions will soon be made.
The supporters of Senator Bard do
not manifest any alarm over the ad
vent of new candidates, but solace
themselves with the reflection that a
large field of aspirants will promote
rather than hinder the success of the
present Senator.
Referring to the battle in Ventura
County he said, in answer to inquiries:
"My friends are sanguine of success
there and in other counties of Southern
California."
The Senator is quite well satisfied
uith the situation from a Senatorial
puint of view. Recent declarations of
leading men in support of his candi
dftcy for another term in the United
States Senate afford him special pleas
ure. He was asked last night what he
thought of George A. Knight's proposi
tion against instruction by county con
ventions and frankly replied: "The
Mibject of instruction should in my
opinion be left wholly with the people,
if popular sentiment in favor of an
aspirant for the United States Senate
is pronounced, the county conventions
or nominating bodies should give ex
pression to the wishes of the people."
In a general way the introduction of
Frank P. Flint and George A. Knight
as candidates for the favor of the peo
ple was discussed and the fact was
dwelt upon that the Senatorial contest
was exceptionally free from bitterness.
Senator Bard spoke hfghly of his com-
I»etitors and predicted that the Legis
lature would be Republican by a large
majority.
Senator Bard received many callers
at the Occidental Hotel last evening
and will doubtless meet many of the
influential citizens of the metropolis to
day. Before returning south he will
visit Sacramento.
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard, accompanied tfy Dr. Chester
Kouell of Fresno, arrived in the city
last evening from the south and regis
tered at the Occidental Hotel. Dr.
Kowell joined the Senator at San Jose
yesterday morning. During the day
many of the leading men of the Santa
Clara Valley called at the Hotel Ven
dome and paid their respects to Sena
tor.Bard. The Interchange of greetings
\»'as cordial and free from political dis
cussion. . '
President's Action in Giving
a Cabinet Portfolio to Vic
tor 3IetcaIf Is Indorsed
Says No Advance Notifica
tion Was Sent and Roose
velt Was Not at Home
Gossip in Political Circles
That Frank H. Short Will
Enter the Senatorial Race
ROOSEVELT CO3DIEXDED
SAX JOSE'S GREETINGS
SECRETARY EXPLAINS
After some hesitation the witness re
plied that it was because he had heard
the land now rented at from $10 to $12
an acre. The case will be continued
this morning.
Charles Schirmer, who for twelve
years was assessor in Solano County,
but has not held that position for six
years, testified that the land formerly
owned by the Eppingers on Ryers Isl
and consisted of about 2000 acres and
is worth 5100 an acre.
"What did you assess it for?" asked
District Attorney Byington.
"The amounts varied during different
years from $5 to $25 an acre."
"Why, then, do you suddenly Increase
the valuation fourfold?"
Attorney Ach In a dazed and hopeless
manner as though for a cue the wit
ness said he was no bookkeeper and
did not know the meaning of several
peculiar entries in the book. He was
then excused and an expert will go
over the book.
When the cross-examination began
the witness admitted that one invoice
of $31,000 was for goods bought instead
of sold, but he passed it off lightly as
"a mere error in bookkeeping." This,
however, opened the way for a series of
similar questions and after looking: at
During the course of the opening
statement Ach sarcastically referred to
Colonel Beck as the "new head of a
foreign bank who was anxious to get
business and make a record for him
self.". He then called to the stand Cal
vin Langton, former grain sampler and
confidential clerk for the Epplngers.
During his direct examination by Ach
all went as smoothly as an automobile
on an asphalt road 'before the gasoline
tank starts to leak, but the leak mani
fested itself when the cross-examina
tion began. Langton took the cargo In
voice book and, prompted by Ach, read
off what purported to be a list of sales
made by Eppinger & Co. during the
last year totaling $4,690,419, the object
of this being to impress the Jury, as
to the magnitude of the firm.
PECULIAR BOOKKEEPING.
We will show that Ettlinger Is not at pres
ent in this State and has not been here since
January; that Jacob Eppinger has not re
ceived a line, from him since his departure
and he did not even say good-by to his old
business associate.
We will summon experts to testify as to
the physical condition of the defendant, who
started out as a butcher boy In this city In
1S55 and by his own enerjry worked up a busi
ness aggregating; millions. Two years ago
Dr. Herzsteln. who Is now In Europe*, ordered
this aged man, this arch conspirator as he has
been painted, to rive up his business entirely
and allow the. work to fall on the shoulders
of the younger* members of the firm or he
might drop dead at any moment. Following
this advice he kept away from the office and
Bernard Ettllnter became the chief manipu
lator.
DEFENDANT'S HEALTH.
Ach first referred to the mass of tes
timony which had been brought before
the jury, much of which he claimed did
not bear directly on the case, but was
introduced merely to confuse the ju
rors. He continued: '
You have been led into a mystic maze and
tt is my duty to extricate you from that maze
and aid you in determining whether or not
Jacob Epplnger is guilty of the charges made
apatnst him In this indictment. The only
question for you to consider is whether or
not he is guilty of the specific charge of ob
taining the sum of $9300 from the Inter
national Banking Corporation . by false pre
tenses. Much evidence has been introduced
to show complicity in parallel offenses, but
they are not at issue.
I will not go into the mass of testimony
which contains matter foreign to this case.
If you believe he was not in the bank man
aged' by Colonel Beck on the 10th day of
April, 1903, and that he did not sign the
promissory note on the 14th of April it will
be your duty to acquit him.
We can and will put witnesses on the stand
to show that the firm did a business in round
numbers of $18,000,000 a year.
¦ We will show that the firm from October 1,
1902. to April. 14. 1003, paid oft* $500,000 on
its indebtedness, and during the succeeding
six months .$100,000.
We will show that in April of 1003. the
time the money was borrowed, assets ex
ceeded its liabilities to the extent of $1,400,
000. and had property in Solano County worth
over $200,000. Further than this the screen
ings, or as counsel for the prosecution termed
them, "chicken' feed" taken possession of by
tho receiver in June 'sold for $102,000 net.
Hugh McFaul, formerly a weigher at
the warehouse, was recalled to the
stand and questioned regarding lots of
wheat and their -shipment. He testi
fied that in the r.jnths of March and
April, 1903, there were no 'F" lots of
wheat in the warehouse. He never
knew of any other wheat being shipped
for Al white wheat, but had seen sub
stituted some rejected and good wheat
from lots other than that called for.
Tliis closed the case for the people and
an adjournment was taken until 2
o'clock, when Attorney Ach made his
opening statement.
Jacob Eppinger appeared in the
courtroom early, accompanied by his
wife and two sons. His face showed
no signs of the ravages of the terrible
malady from which he was supposedly
suffering from the past two days, and*
his eye was brighter and step firmer
than at any time during the trial.
Heretofore he has left the courtroom
leaning heavily on the arms of his two
sons, but yesterday he required the as
sistance of Morris only and apparently
could easily have dispensed with that.
The greater portion of the morning
session was taken up in^B^aring mo
tions to strike out, the majority of
which were denied. At the rate Attor
ney Ach was proceeding, had all his
motions been granted, little would have
remained in the record. He wished all
the testimony of James Deming strick
en out relative to the private l>ook, and
that of W. "W\ Topping as to the con
tents of the storage book and grain
ledger, particularly the portions relat
ing to the mysterious and phenomenal
increase of grain In the warehouse
designated as "moisture." As a finale
the court was asked to have stricken
from the record the testimony of all
witnesses who testified to business rela
tions with EJppinger & Co. prior ic
April 14, 1903, unless it was shown that
Jacob Eppinger was present at the time
the deals were made.
On motion of Attorney Campbell .e
testimony of James S. Manler relative
to the bankruptcy proceedings in the
United States Court and all evidence
regarding the shipment of lots of wheat
which went out before the warehouse
receipts were hypothecated was strick
en from the record. The three unan
swered questions asked of Topping as
to the deliberate falsincatlon of buoks
and receipts were withdrawn.
WHEAT NOT THERE.
SUDDEX KEJUVEN'ATIOX.
1 -That Jacob Epplnger, during the last
year the firm of Eppinger & Co. was
In business, was In poor health and
knew little or nothing of the affairs
and financial standing of the firm; that
the note for the money borrowed from
the International Banking Company
through Colonel Beck, its manager, was
signed not by the defendant but by Ber
nard Ettlinger; that the business of
the firm was so vast that It would be
ridiculous to suppose its head would
stoop to steal such, a comparatively
trifling sum as the $9800 on which the
Indictment Is based; that if any crime
"/ere committed the criminal certainly
must have been one Bernard Ettlinger,
present address unknown— these will
constitute the defense in the Eppinger
case, according to the opening state
ment of Attorney Henry Ach. The
day's proceedings were the most inter
acting since the opening of the trial
and the two witnesses put on the stand
by the defense seemed hopelessly lost
when put under cross-examination, one
of them openly admitting that he had
testified to a string of figures without
any knowledge as to their correctness.
He merely read them from a book kept
by another man.
Statement That the Presi
dent Eefused to See Union
Delegation Is Refuted
Hold. an Enthusiastic Con
vention at San Rafael
and Name .Their Ticket
Junior Senator. Accompan
ied by Dr. Koweii of Fresno,
Arrives From the South
A'!ege\1 Half-Interes* Swiodl.r Is Examined by Heacock
While Detective Waits in Courtroom to Arrest Him for
Jumping His B.nd While Under Sentence to Sing Sing
Attorney Ach Claims That His Client Knew Little of the
Business of the Firm and Accifses the Missing Bernard
Ettlinger of Being Party Responsible for Crooked Work
BARD COMES
TO THE CITY
OUTLINES THE DEFENSE
OF AGED GRAIN BROKER
CARLETON'S VICTIMS
TESTIFY AGAINST HIM
MARIN COUNTY
REPUBLICANS
YELLOW CANARD
NAILED BY LOEB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1901
Cherfp Rates East.
¦ If you are going ¦ to' World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask about It. ¦ T.
STATELEH. General Agent. 617 Market gt.,
Ksn Francisco. *". >;-• ;¦•;¦• -' * • ¦•
A Chicago Woman ' had all winter a
tame butterfly that has Just died. It
did not cost much to keep this butter
fly, for all it ate was one drop of honey
every three days. '
United States Marshal B. B. Hey
wood of Salt Lake City arrived yester
day with a Chinese, who has been or
dered deported, j Marshal Heywood is
the guest of Marshal Shine.
4
ADVEBTISTTWEUTa.
FREE X-RAY
EXAMINATION AND
TREATMENT
All persons calling at
/<rv Electro-Chemlc insti-
jfV^^^^iT PtfcV tutp will lw *lv»ri a
/vii V^rt-vSj fr " p X-Ray rra-r.ina-
>^M^^"l J5«SV tlon anJ diagnosis. A.
I \,s KltW^\\\ trut^ rul arul sincere
/ VI" CftfflVsii opinion will tw» Kive:»
* \i *'*i?ifl Jnli ln a " riJ "* s - Curabra
eS^SJl^"^^ Incurable ca.->os »i!: h»
BMr'> undertaken. Call at
once. Absolutely no charge.
Electro-Chemlstry enres painlessly and
without operation Consumption. Cancer.
Catarrh. Deafness. Rheumatism, rutula.
Paralysis., locomotor Ataxia. Asthma
and Bronchial ¦ Troubles. Piles. Nervous
Diseases, Skin and Blood Diseases and
the Special Diseases of Men and "Women.
Wrltd for home treatment it you live at %
distance.
Separate apartments for ladles and gentle-
men.
The Electro=Chemic Institute
118 Grant Ave.. Cor. Post St.
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
Office hours. 9 a. m. to S p. m. and 7 to S
p. m. daily. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(»-!> KEABXT ST. Katablished
In 1*54 fortbe treatment of I'rlvnts
l)i*.-»sf!i. l.mt Manbood. Debility or
'tiweas*' irearinron body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcure* when
others fall. Try him. Chargr* low.
<nrf<guirniilfril. Cult or write.
Dr. J. y. CUBCO*. .Man Francisco. Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PBESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA3. DUIE3 g UJ. CUy- T , t Maln 12a^
OZLS.
LUBR1CATINO OILS: LKONARD A ELLI3L
«13 Front it.. 8. Y. Phone Main 171a.
PRxsTTnra.
Lf HUfiHFS. printer.
The microscope shows that in the blood
of every person suffering from typhoid the
httle germs can be found as shown above.
They are supposed to get into the water or
milk we dnuk. The germs multiply so
that one germ is capable of producing
about one hundred trillion germs in twen-
ty-four hoars. That is why if they ever
get into the water supply of a town they
multiply so fast that nearly everybody
dnnking the water comes .down with the
disease. There are exceptions, however,
and they are the persons whose health is
perfect, whose blood is pure, and Hrer
active. When the germs ret into a healthy
body they are thrown off with the other
poisons. Recent Chicago statistics show
that one-eighth of all the deaths in the
past two years in that city have resulted
from pneumonia.
The best advice we can rive is to put the
r>ody into a perfectly sound, healthy condi-
•jn^ Be assured that yoa have rich, red
blood and an active liver.
Many years a?o Dr. R. V. Pierce, who is
consulting sorireon to the Invalids' Hotel
and Snrpcal Institute at Buffalo, N. Y.,
found certain herbs and roots which, when
made into an alterative extract (without
the n»e of alcohol), seemed to be the very
best means of putting the stomach, blood
and vital organs into proper condition.
This fleeaed to him as close to nature's
way of treating disease as it was possible
to go. J?or over a third of a century Dr.
Pieree's Golden Medical Discovery has had
a wonderful sale and the cures resulting
from its use are numbered by thousands.
It is a tissue-builder, better than cod liver
oil because it does not sicken the etomach,
or offend the taste. It strengthens or.
renews the assimilative. or digestive pro-
cesses in the stomach and puts on healthy
flesh when the weight of the invalid is
reduced below the normal.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." Nothing else is "just as
food.*
Dr. Pieree's Pellets cere biliousness.
TYPHOID GERMS.
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.Storms Cause Heavy Losses in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., July 13. — Belated
reports of the losses caused by the
heavy storms during the first part of
the week in various parts of the State
now show that the damage will
amount to about $100,000.
Comptroller Authorizes Institution
to Open With a Capital Stock
of $25,000. .
WASHINGTON, July 13. — The First
National Bank of Madera was to-day
authorized by the Comptroller to begin
business with a capital stock of
$25,000. L.' D. Scott is president and
L. Elliott cashier.
The Citizens' National Bank of Los
Angeles was to-day approved as the
reserve agent for the First National
Bank of Salinas, Cal.
TOWN OF MADERA NOW
HAS A NATIONAL BANK
WASHINGTON, July 13. — Cuba has
concluded a contract with R. H. F.
Sewell of New Orleans to raise the
wreck of the .battleship Maine from
the bottom of Havana harbor, where
it has lain since it was destroyed on
the night of February 15, 189S. Sewell
has informed the Navy Department of
the contract, but before proceeding to
work he Inquires what claim, If any,
the' United States has In the wreck.
The work has been undertaken by the
New Orleans contractor evidently with
an eye to the .value of the material
and to protect himself he is anxious to
know whether there Is a probability
of the United-States putting in a claim
for air or part of the mass of twisted
iron and steel after it has been pulled
out of the mud that has partially
covered it for six years. The com
munication has been referred to Cap
tain Diehl, judge advocate general of
the navy.
Cuba's Contractor Seeks Informa
tion as to the Attitude of the
United States.
MAY RAISE THE WRECK
OF BATTLESHIP MAINE
MOFFAT RAILROAD HAS
NEW MAPS PREPARED
Company Surveys Line Through Emi
gration Canyon on the Way to
Salt Lake City.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, July 13. —
The first maps of the Denver. North
western and Pacific Railroad, known
as the Moffat road, have been filed in
the United States Land Office here.
They consist of four sections across
the Uintah Indian Reservation in
Northeastern Utah, covering a total of
ninety-five miles. What route the road
will take after leaving the reservation
is not Bhown, but it is believed the line
will run through Provo Canyon on its
way to Salt Lake. A fair grade has
also been surveyed through Emigra
tion Canyon, directly east of this city,
through which the first Mormon pio
neers, under Brigham Young, made
their way into the valley of Salt Lake.
MAY REQUEST MAYOR OF
MEMPHIS TO RESIGN
People Are Aroused Over Gambling
Tragedy and Slay Take Law Into
Their Own Hands.
MEMPHIS, July 13. — As a result of
the rioting: in a gambling: house Mon
day night, which resulted in the death
of two deputy sheriffs, the Committee
of Public Safety to-day decided to call
a mass-meeting to-mororw for the
purpose of dealing with existing: cir
cumstances. Several speakers advo
vated the appointing of a committee
of 1000 to call upon Mayor J. J. Wil
liams, Chief of Police John J. Mason
and George Blackwell. Sheriff of
Shelby County, and demand their res
ignations as public officials. All gam
bling houses have been closed.
Eminent Clergyman Dies.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The Rev. Dr.
Lemuel Moss, D. D., LL. D., one of the
foremost Baptist educators asd divines.
Is dead at his home here after an ill
ness of more than one year. He was
born In Kentucky ssventy-flve years
ago.
Chicago 13,000
Kansas City 7,500
South Omaha 3,000
East St. Louis. 3,500
St. Joseph ! .' 4,000
Fort Worth 800
New York 600
St. Paul ....i.. 350
Sioux City 600
Total 35,350
Men on strike. 49,600
Number In enforced Idleness 35,350
¦¦y~*'"- *--t ./*¦¦¦. ¦.-¦ . •&¦:- ¦ ¦-¦¦• * ? .^
Total number idle 84,950
Enforced Idleness.
:MI©ix 2STo*w on Stirils.©.
CWcago .- 2(M)00
Kansas City V. lolooo
South Omaha..... \ 5,000
East St. Louis.......... 5,000
St. Joseph , 5,000
Fort .Worth 1.50O
New York 1,500
St. Paul ........ 800
Sioux fVv* * * * ' ' * " *•* *."*"*
Big Army of Workmen Now Idle.
SEATTLE. July 13.— The Gaffney - ware
house, on the water front at the foot of Pine
¦treet in this city was destroyed ' by fire late
last night. The damage Is about f 20,000,
mostly on bay and train »tored la" the build
in*. * • • »¦¦ •,.....-.
Police , Prevent : Her Going to China.
SEATTLE, Wash., July, 13.— At the
request of .Chief of Police Wittman of
San Francisco, Loy. Sen, a Chinese wo
man, - was • arrested here to : day - on -. a
charge of embezzlement.;, She was pre
paring to leave > for -China,. It is said
that ; the alleged embezzlement took
place four years ago. ,
BOISE, Idaho, July 13. — General
W. H. Pettit, one of the pioneers,
died here early this morning. Direc
tions have been received this- after
noon from a brother at Yolo. Cal., to
ship, his body to that place. Deceased
was .80' years of age.' He { was Sur
veyor; General under the Harrison ad
ministration.
Idaho Pioneer Passes Away.
DENVER, July 13. — William D.
Haywood, secretary-treasurer of the
Western Federation of Miners, and
John M. O'Neill, editor of the Miners*
Magazine, to-day furnished bonds of
510,000 and 55000 respectively to in
sure their appearance at Cripple Creek
next September for trial on the charges
filed against them in connection with
the riot at Victor, June 6, following:
the Independence station dynamiting.
Cripple Creek 3fen Guarantee Their
Appearance for Trial.
3IINERS GIVE BONDS.
Receipts for June Show Great In
. crease Over , Those of the Same '
Month Last Year.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— The gross
receipts of the Postoffice at San Fran
cisco for the .month of June were
$13i;il2, against 5118,214 for thesame
month of , last year — an increase of
$12,898.- ....... ::V/ :.
POSTOFFICE AT SAN
FRANCISCO DOING WELL
CHICAGO, July 13.— Five more
deaths were added yesterday to Chi
cago's'list of Fourth of July victims.
Four * died • in agony from lockjaw,
while • the fifth succumbed to wounds
caused by the explosion of" a toy can
non. From other cities in tile country
two : deaths from injuries ,and five
from 'tetanus were reported, making
the total' of lives lost in the "patriotic
celebration" eighty- four.
Total of Eighty-Four Deaths in
.... the Country.
Five More Die in Chicago, Making a
LIST OF FOURTH OF
JULY VICTIMS INCREASES
BOSTON. July 13.— New England
provision interests are preparing to
meet an expected shortage of Western
beef as a result of the strike of
butchers and packers. In this city
beef dealers are making arrangements
to slaughter in abattoirs near '¦ the
city, to which cattle will : be brought
on the. hoof from all parts of New
England, New York and near-by
States. The meat supply was short
before the . strike .was called, accord-
Ing to the meat exporters, and whole
sale prices already have advanced
from $2 to $3 a- hundred weight. Re
tail prices wereadvanced one; cent £
pound to-day and will be advanced to
morrow and the next day, - dealers
6ay, unless the strike be settled, -j;
Shortage In Meat Supply and Prompt
Advance in Prices.'
STRIKE'S COST TO BOSTON.
MILWAUKEE, July 13.— Samuel
Gompers, president of the American
Federation of Labor, addressed the del
egates to the International Longshore
men and Marine Transport Workers'
Association' convention to-day. He de
nounced Governor Peabody of Colorado
for his course in the miners' truble,
and also said that the system of in
junctions was wrong. He declared the
American capitalists were Chinese
izing American labor.
Labor Chief Denounces the Governor
of Colorado.
GO3IPERS SCORES PEABODY.
A slight altercation took place be
tween a few non-union men on their
way to one of the packing-houses to
apply for positions and a number of
the strikers. A wagonload of police,
which was en route to one of the
plants, was turned back by the strikers
It was said that unless the strike
was settled in a short time all of the
packers would betfn the employment
OMAHA, Nebr.. July 13.— The price
of fresh meats of all kinds advanced
$2 per 100 pounds to-day. Edward A.
Cudahy expressed the opinion that
there would be. a still further advance,
unless the strike was t-peedily settled.
A few cattle were slaughtered at the
Swift Armour and Omaha Packing
Company plants, but Cudahy made no
attempt to start any department. Men
in other departments, among them the
mechanical and engineering, to the
number of nearly 1500 Joined the strik
ers, making a total of 5500 men who
arp out at South Omaha. There was
little friction to-day and none of the
strikers went near the packing-houses.
At a meeting of the strike leaders it
¦was decided to at once begin a system
of picketing.
the Omaha Plants.
Assist in Caring for Stocks of Meat in
OFFICE 3CEX DON APRONS.
stroyed thirteen dwellings and seven
teen places of business. Loss "$150,000,
with practically no Insurance.
Fire in 3Iaryland Town Causes Heavy
Loss and Leaves Many With
out Homes.
. MILLINGTON, Md., July 13.— Two
hundred persons in this town are des
titute as' the result of a fire that de-
VILLAGE , BURNS AND
3IANY ARE DESTITUTE
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, July 13. — The
Cudahy packing plant will begin
hiring non-union ..men to-morrow' to
take the places^oj^the strikers. Kill
ing operation»tweip*at a standstill to
day. Manager ¦tW^ldo'n. gave all his
attention - to fearing : for* the meat on
hand. The, office.' force -assisted In the
work. There is^^n^immedlate danger
of a meat famjyipli'cre: .There has
been no violence?^ ' . .
Cudnhys to Attempt to Resume Oper
ations in Sioux City.
WILL HIRE NON-UNION 31 EX.
The engineers at the Swift "plant,
who went out last night, have re
turned to work. The engineers have
a demand of their own for higher
wages, but it has not been passed
upon by the packers.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 13.— The
striking butchers were paid off to-day
and the packing companies have giv
en out the word that all men and boys
applying will be put at work. All of
the packers claim to have a small
force of men at work and they say
they will add to it day by day. The
strikers are standing firm and there
have been no desertions from their
ranks.
No Desertions From the Union Ranks
at Su Joseph.
STRIKERS STANDING FIRM.
ST. LOUIS, July 13. — There has not
been an increase in the price of meat
as the result of the strike of the union
butchers and meat cutters in the
packing-houses of St. Louis and East
St. Louis. The packing-houses report
reserve stocks for three to four days'
supply and the majority of the retail
ers have on hand a supply for the
same period. The livestock market is
affected greatly by the strike, as pack
ers are buying sparingly or not at all.
The East St. Louis packing-houses af
fected by the strike were running with
small forces to-day.
In St. Louis the union employes of
the St. Louis Dressed . Beef, and Pro
vision Company, the only St. Louis
packing-house affected by the strike
order, went out to-day. The company
continues at work, but with a small
force, and. In common with all the
other packing-houses affected, is
drawing uuon its reserve "stock to fill
orders.
Situation In the World's Fair City Is
Not Reassuring.
FOUR-DAY MEAT SUPPLY.
The decision ; was given in the suit
brought by the Milwaukee Custom
Tailors' Union, a local concern which
made an agreement with the tailors to
employ none but union workmen.
A temporary injunction was obtain
ed, but this Judge Ledwig ruled was
improvidentially issued. ¦ •
After the injunction was issued the
union instituted proceedings to have
the company punished for contempt
for the alleged failure to comply with
its terms. The motion to punish was
denied and the injunction set aside.
MILWAUKEE, July 13.— Contracts
made by incorporated labor unions
with manufacturers, prohibiting the
employment of non-union workingmen,
are void, according to a decision an
nounced by Judge Ledwig in the Cir
cuit Court to-day. It is the first ruling
had upon the question in Wisconsin
and if sustained by the Supreme Court
will be of far-reaching importance.
An explanation of the generosity of
the banker is given in this story:. While
walking down a principal street in New
York one day Gardner was attracted
by a runaway. A swaying coach con
taining-a child came down the street,
dragged by two frightened horses. The
young man dashed out, seized the ani
mals and brought them to a standstill.
The mother of the child offered Gardner
a reward. He refused it. Then she
gave him her card, telling him if he
ever needed assistance to call upon her.
Gardner refused to give, his name and
disappeared. Wften he came to read
the card he found it bore the name of
the banker's wife.
Soon' afterward Gardner returned to
London. It was there he fell from a
trapeze, missed the net and sustained
serious injuries.
News of the accident appeared in the
New York papers, and with it came the
story of Gardner's act in rescuing ilie
banker's child. Seeing the report, the
banker's wife took the first boat for
London. Upon arrival she engaged two
leading physicians, employed a staff
of competent nurses and did her best
to make Gardner happy In his trouble.
Meanwhile Gardner's father died.
Hearing the news, Gardner asked that
¦ his mother might come to him. The
banker's wife at once made arrange
ments, and since that time Mrs. Gard
ner has been with her son.
MILWAUKEE, July 13.— The reason
why a New York banker's family has
been caring for L. M. Gardner of this
city, a young trapeze performer with a
broken ¦ back who has just arrived at
New York from London, has been r«
vealed. The Gardners, mother and son,
have reached here from the East with
nurses,- and with them came a report
that the banker would build a home for
the boy to insure his comfort as long
as -he lives.
Why Trapeze Performer
With Broken Back Is Be
ing Given Every Assistance
Contracts Prohibiting Em
ployment of Noii-Union
•Men- Are Held to Be Void
BANKER'S WIFE
REWARDS HERO
DEALS LABOR
HEAVY BLOW
DEXTER PARK AMPHITHEATER AT THE CHICAGO UNIOX STOCKYARDS.
AND ONE OF THE LEADING PACKERS WHOSE GREAT PLANTS ARE
AFFECTED BT THE "WALKOUT OF DISSATISFIED EMPLOYES
A number of women have appealed
to the Kansas City, Kan., flood relief
committee for aid, saying that their
husbands who were packing-house em
ployes were now idle, and the shutting
off of their income. Coming on top of
th^lr losses by the recent flood, has
l?ft them destitute. The strike will
vork a hardship upon these persons,
even if they receive strike benefits.
'•We will hire all men who are willing
to work," said Cudahy, "regardless of
whether they are union men or not.
We have from 600 to 800 non-union men
]r-ft in our plant, and expect to hire all
the men we need- We will first use
these men in cleaning up the plant.
After this work is done we expect to
begin killing again.
'I believe that a majority of the men
who went out," continued Cudahy,
'•will be back at work within two
weeks. I have never seen men strike
more unwillingly. Many of them told
me that they were striking not because
they wanted to, but because they
wished to obey the strike order.
The Cudahy plant always has been
strictly union.
Although the strike was principally
in the interest of unskilled laborers, a
number of this class of labor at Ar
r.iours did not go out yesterday. These
men do not belong to the union, an
effort to organize them not having suc
ceeded. These unskilled laborers were
put at work to-day in the killing de
partment. At this plant 500 head of
cattle and 1000 hogs had been bought
and an early start on them was made.
The management said that It expected
to increase the force gradually.
J. P. Cudahy of the Cudahy Packing
Company, in a statement, intimated
that his company intended to make
their plant an open one.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 13.— At one
of the six local packing plants (Ar
mour's) which were shut down yester
day as a result of the butchers' and
meat cutters' strike, killing was re
eumed to-day on a small scale. The
other plants expect to be running soon
with new men. The big retail dealers
have made arrangements to do their
own killing temporarily and assert that
there will be no increase in prices of
meat, at least at present.
Men Who Caused Strike Are First to
Apply for Work.
DISPLAY OF INGRATITUDE.
WASHINGTON, July 13. — Local
butchers admit that Washington is
again facing a meat famine of serious
proportions as the result of the strike
in the packing -houses in the West.
Prices already have gone up. Prime
beef is held by several of the butch
ers at 35 cents — an increase of from S
to 10 cents over a week ago, and pork
has jumped from 12 to 14 cents a
pound.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 13.— There ap
pears no immediate danger of a meat
famine in St. Paul and vicinity. It is
said fifty carloads of cattle arrived to
day and they were taken care of by the
half-dozen smaller packing concerns in
South St. Paul and the smaller butch
ers in surrounding cities. The smaller
packers are not affected by the strike.
PHILADELPHIA, July 13.— As a re
sult of the butchers' strike there has
been an advance of from 10 to 12 cents
a pound in the wholesale price of meats
in this city.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 13.—
Wholesale prices of all fresh meats
here were advanced about half a cent
per pound to-day. The retailers, how
ever, added, 2 cents a pound to their
selling prices.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 13. — Beef
prices in this city were advanced 1
cent a pound to-day. Not more than
three days' supply of dressed meat is
in stock at the local branches.
MILWAUKEE, WIs., July 13. — The
prices of meats in Milwaukee were ad
vanced from 1 to 2 cents per pound
wholesale to-day. None of the Mil
waukee packing plants are affected.
PITTSBURG. July 13.— The strike of
the packing-house employes advanced
the price of meat 3 cents a pound here
to-day.
General Advance in Price of Meat Re
sults From Strike.
ALL BIG CITIES AFFECTED.
NEW YORK, July 13.— When the
hour for opening the big packing
plants in this city had arrived to-day
the strike of the butchers and meat
handlers, instituted in the West yes
terday, was on in this city and before
many hours it was estimated that
nearly 6000 men had quit work. The
men that went out were the butchers,
packers, carriers and cutters, members
of the Greater New York locals of the
Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butchers Workmen's Union of Amer
ica.
From the managers of the beef plants
it uvas learned that the beef supply is
very low, some of the dealers having
only enough to last fifteen minutes
when the daily purchasers arrived.
Within a few hours the price of beef
had gone up two and three cents a
pound, with indications of advancing
further. None of the dealers had a
sufficient supply to last longer than a
week and it is the opinion among them
that If the strike continue a meat fam
ine is inevitable.
There is a possibility of a sympa
thetic strike of the Benchmen's Asso
ciation. These men represent the cut
ters in retail stores and such a step
would completely tie up the retail
trade and directly affect families.
The seriousness of the situation was
shown in /a statement issued by the
manager for Swift & Co. He said:
"We have not advanced the price of
anything, for the simple reason that
we haven't anything to advance the
price on. I am willing .to pay 14 cents
a pound for a carload of beef if I can
get it, but I cannot get It." ' . :
New York Butchers
Go Out on Sympa
thetic Strike.
* # Our organization is taking a stand
against a reduction in wages for labor
In the Dlants owned and controlled by
the following, which are those affected:
Armour & Co.. Swift & Co., Nelson,
Morris & Co.. National Packing Com
pany, Schwarzchild & Sulzberger and
Cudahy &. Co. All our organization
asks is that 18% cents an hour be the
minimum. In view of the fact that in
nearly all of the departments the' av
erage working time is forty hours a
week, it can be readily seen that our
demands are not unreasonable. All of
the independent companies are paying
a much higher rate than we are asking
the trust companies to pay. Our or
ganization has never interfered with a
reduction of working forces, except
where our members were discriminat
ed against."
Attacking afresh the allegations that
the strike is for Increased wages. Pres
ident Donnelly, the strike leader, gave
out the following statement to-day, ad
dressed to the public:
Ipss troops are called out."
NOT FOR HIGHER WAGES.
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
of non-union men and business would
be resumed at once. In fact, two of
the larse plants began hiring outside
help to-day.
• Office men were taken to the slaugh
tering departments to-day, where they
donned overalls and aprons and assist
ed in the work of caring for the meat
left on hand, and, in some cases, in
killing cattle.
The South Omaha Fire and Police
Board has given orders that saloons
shall sell no beer except by the glass
over the bar during the continuance of
the strike. A number of special police
were added to the force, although this
precaution has thus far been unnec
essary.
The closing of the packing-houses
has had the effect of throwing a great
number of men out of work who were
not directly employed at the packing
plants. They include railroad men,
stock yards employes and others whose
employers depended on the packing
house business to sustain their own
business interests.
Arbitration May End the Strike
Effeot.
Packing-housea closed In nine cities.
'Forty-nine thousand six hundred workers on strike and 35,350 others
Involved, making a total of 84,950 men who are idle.
Meat famine imminent — tlie worst on record.
More than 150,000 dependent* face want.
Meat gone op in price from 3 to 5 cents a pound already.
Cattle shipments stopped and great loss Inflicted on cattle men.
Packing-bouse companies suffer enormous losses by interruption of
business.
Hundreds of thousands of persons connected with other lines of in
dustry feel financial effect.
Oa/u.s©.
Expiration of wage agreements on Jlay 28.
Redaction of wages to unskilled labor from 18% ccnte an hour to
17^i and 15 cents.
Demand of union for restoration of schedule in use previous to May
28.
t'nion demands old wages and ten-honr day.
Men declare they are limited to from thirteen to forty hours' work a
week.
Arerajre since January 1. four days a week.
Employers blame men for short hours and declare trade conditions
make demands unreasonable.
Cause and Effect of Strike.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
MEAT DEALERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF STRIKE SITUATION
TO RAISE PRICES AND EASTERN CITIES FACE FAMINE
5
ADVEBTTSKM 'KJI'IML
Saa Francisco. Thursday. 14 July, 13CH.
jpc&' li I I' at
Bigelow Axminster
Carpet, $1.25
The highest- grade of Axminster carpet ' made,
and the standard high-pile carpeting of the world.
Our, price includes sewing, lining and laying.
' Sanford's, Stinson's and Smith's famous wool
velvet carpet, $1.10 the yard — sewed, lined and laid.
Bigelow" Lowell body Brussels carpet, $1.20 the
'¦ yard— sewed, lined and laid.
Hartford • Axminster rugs, 9x12 size, in choice pat?
, 'terns, $17.90.
Is it any, wonder the Breuner carpet store is
, doing the business of the city? <
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union SquareArmy Tender Is Christened.
Prospecting for Auriferous Gravel.
REDDING, July 13.—If the gravel
within the corporate limits of Redding
prove as rich as it is believed it will
there will soon be dredgers In operation
on it. Fred H. Dakin Jr. of Berkeley
put a driller at work to-day prospect
ing the ground known as the Dakin
Tract, consisting of 400 acres lying
along the'river within the corporate
limits of the city and on the edge of
the city proper. He claims that the en
tire tract will be prospected for aurif
erous gravel before the project will be
civen up as hopeless.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Deputy
Sheriff P. L. White and wife, who are
away On a camping trip, nearly met
with a serious accident yesterday.
While trying to pas* a heavy hay
wagron on a narrow grade their ve
hicle was overturned and both were
thrown into the creek below. The
depth of water saved them from a se
rious injury. Coth unharmed
except for their unexpected ducking.
Thrown J-Yom Grade.
Upon the letterhead which Smith
Used to write his will his name ap
pears as the proprietor of the Ollvina
vineyards, with wine vaults at 1, 3
and 5 Leonard street. New York. All
the property he has is left to his wife,
Sara B. Smith, who Is made executrix
of the estate without bonds.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The will of
the late Julius P. Smith of Olivina,
near Livermore, was filed to-day, and
according to the petition for its pro
bate he leaves an estate in the county
valued at $100. He was the brother
of F.M., Smith, the borax kins:, who
ia a millionaire.
Julius P. Smith's Will.
CLAYTON, Mo., July 13. — A posse
of farmers, armed with rifles and re
volvers, accompanied by two blood
hounds, is searching the woods In the
vicinity of FentOn, Mo., for a young
man who is charged by Rosie Schleis
rier, 16 years old, the daughter of a
prominent farmer, with having at
tacked her. ;v-V
BLOODHOUNDS ON , TRAIL
OP VICIOUS ASSAILANT
Former President Is Confined to His
Room at the Summer. Home of
Joseph JeffersQn.
BOSTON, July 13.— Mrs. Groyer
Cleveland arrived in this city to r nlsht
from the summer home of the family
at Sandwich, N. H. •
A dispatch to the Herald from. Buz
zards Bay says that Mr. Cleveland has
been slightly indisposed for the past
three days and is now confined to
"Crows Nest," the summer home of
Joseph Jefferson, in that town . .-'* , •:"
GROVER CLEVELAND \ ££
SLIGHTLY INDISPOSED
News has been received of the serious Illness
of Burbank Somers, a .graduate student who
is now In a San Francisco hospital. There
is said to be no hope for his recovery While
at the university Somers was active In all
student affairs and w«s one of the leading
members of the Glee Club. s
Henry Qulnan. who has been studying in
Paris for some time, has been successful this
year In having : six of^hls black and white
drawings accepted at the salon which opened
in. April. Qulnan i\as formerly a, prominent
University of California student and many of
hi* drawings appeared in the college papers
He was one of the founders of "Josh " the
first comic Duplication started in the univer
sity.
Clark Sullivan, a junior in the College of
Mlnlnn, sustained a severe injury of the 1e»
recently In tl<e Forest mine, in TuoloumnI
County, where, he has been, working during
the summer. A pile of earth fell from the ton
of the shaft, catching him In such a way that
?, la . rs \J, trlp . of J!f! h wa l torn fr °ra his limb.
He la belnc treated at the mlnlne company's
hospital.
BERKELEY. July 13. — Professor Hes/ry
Morse Stephens will deliver a lecture to-morrow
evening: In Hearst Hall on "The Capture of
the Bastlle as Related by Modern Historians.**
To-morrow being: the French national holiday
In commemoration of the fall of the famous
prison It Is expected that the lecture will be
attended by many members of the French
colony. .
NEW YORK, July 13.— The total dead
in the destruction of the excursion
steamer General Slocum on June 15 ia
given as 958 in the final report pre
sented to Police' Commissioner McAdoo
by the Ins/ectors In charge of the ln
vestigatio^. Only 857 of the dead were
Identified, 62 were reported missing and
61 unidentified, while 180 were injured
and only 235 out of the nearly 1400 on
the steamer escaped uninjured. As
suming that the unidentified dead are
among tne missing, all but one person
has been thus accounted ' for.
Nearly One Thousand.
by Fire and Drowning Reaches
•Total Number of Victims That Died
AWFUL DEATH LIST
OF SLOCUM DISASTER
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, July 13. — Edward
Foley, who was held to answer before
the Superior Court a few days ago on
a charge of grand larceny, was re
arrested at the County Jail this af
ternoon on an old warrant, issued
February 28, 1903. The warrant was
sworn to by J. L. Howard Jr. and
charges Foley with" burglary cbra
mitted at the Howard warehouse, at
the foot of Myrtle street. The crime
for which Fo"ley was held to answer
was that of holding up two men at the
corner of Third and Filbert streets
and takinz a watch from one of
them.
Arrested on an Old Warrant
COLUMBUS. Ohio, July 13.—
Twelve-year-old Rose Stocker was the
victim of an attack by a young white
man on the outskirts of the city at
noon to-day. The girl fought and
screamed until her assailant became
frightened and fled. A 'large crowd
quickly gathered and went- in pursuit,
but the man escaped. The police be
lieve, however, they know the man
and expect to capture him. The girl's
condition is not serious.
Screams of the Victim Attract a
Crowd and the Assailant
Escapes.
YOUNG GIRL ATTACKED
IN BROAD DAYLIGIIT
OAKLAND, July 13.— Miss Mabel
Hill,* formerly organist, of the First
Methodist Church, has been appoint
ed organist of the First Presbyterian
Church. \
Organist Takes New Place.
Richard Koehler, Manager of the
Southern Pad fie. Lines in Oregon,-
Reported to Have Resigned.
PORTLANDj/fSr|*vruly 13. — The
work of consolidating Uhe general of
fices of the Southern Pacific Company
in this city' w|th* those* of;. the Oregon
Railroad and NfedigUion Company was
commenced 'to-Mjj^BHll of the record^
of the former 'conrpany being trans
ferred front the old ' offices of the
Southern Pacific Company' to Oregon
Railroad and Navigation headquarters
in the Worcester 'building.
It is reported that Richard Koehler,
manager of the Southern Pacific lines,
has resigned and will leave for Eu
rope shortly. General Manager Cal
vin denies that Koehler has resigned,
but admits that the representative of
the German stockholders In the
Southern Pacific is on the eve of a
lengthy visit to Germany.
WORK . OF CONSOLIDATING
RAILROAD OFFICES BEGINS
and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, July 13. — Post
masters appointed — California —
Hoopa, Humboldt County, Brousse
Brizard, vice Alex Brizard, dead; Pine
land, .Shasta County, Helen Hall, vice
Hiram G. Works, resigned.
Army orders — Major James C. Bush,
relieved from duty with his battalion,
to take effect upon his arrival at San
Francisco, and he will proceed to Fort
Warren, Mass.
Navy orders— Chief Gunner E. C.
Evans is detached from the Buffalo to
the .ordnance department at Mare
Island. ' .
Washington Departments Make Post
oflice Changes and Issue Army
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
OAKLAND. July 13.— The officers
of - the Plymouth-avenue Congrega
tional Church decided this evening not
to consolidate with the Fourth Con
gregational Church, which is located
at Thirty-sixth and Grove streets.
The consolidation of the two
churches was suggested shortly after
the resignation of Charles W. Hoag,
the former pastor of the Plymouth
avenue Church, who is suspected of
having eloped with Mrs. W. N. Bene
dict \
Committees from the churches dis
cussed the matter last Monday even
ing, but could come to no agreement
on consolidation, and it was voted at
a meeting of the Plymouth-avenue
Church this evening that the report of
the committee be accepted and that
no consolidation be attempted at pres
ent '
Members of Plrmouth- A venue Church
Decide Not to Join Fourth
Congregational.
WILL NOT ATTEMPT
ANY CONSOLIDATION
The police were su/nmoned and the
intruder taken to the police station.
Whether the intention of the early
morning prowler was an attack upon
the girl or an attempt to rob the resi
dence is not known. Prather's home is
at 404 Harrison street.
OAKLAND, July 13.— A Japanese
cook named T. Takicu was caught at
an early hour yesterday morning in
the act of entering the residence of
Thomas Prather, president of the
Union National Bank.
Prather was awakened by the
screams of his cook, a young Japanese
girl, and rushing downstairs he caught
Takicu, who had forced open a window
and was trying to climb into the house.
tered by Prowler, Who Forces
Open Window.
Residence of Thomas Prather Is En-
EARI»Y MORNING INTRUDER
FRIGHTENS JAPANESE GIRL
Th* "Misses Thrane of 1023 Taylor avenue
have returned from an outing spent at CamD
Taylor.
Mr. and Mrs. William Patton arrived home
last evening from their ranch In the Panta
•Cruz Mountains rear Wrights, where they were
domiciled for two months.
ALAMEDA. July 13.— Mrs. T. G. Danfells
has returned from Eartlett Springs, where she
epent four weeks.
Mrs. J. C. Eschen and family of 1303 Caro
line street have returned from an outinr
parsed at Brookdale.
Mrs. William H. Creed Is ependlng a tew
weeks In the Yosemite Valley.
Minn Florence Selby and Miss Coralie S«It>y
are returning home after an absence of three
years in New York and Europe. Miss Florence
has been studying art In the metropolis and
Miss Coralie hag been abroad with her grand
mother, Mrs. Thomas Selby.
Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Barker are home from
the East.
Mr*. J. T. Barraelough Is making a tour of
Southern California, Mexico and the Eastern
States.
Thursdir Is the Youncs' day at borne, and
since the pleasant weather began the hillside
neighbors have made a habit of dropping in
for a game of tennis at Rose Crest. The
court, with It* adjoining cozy retreats. Is an
ideal spot in which to pass a warm after
noon. Among the tennis enthusiasts are gen
erally to be found Jane 'Barry. Noelle de
Golla, Ada Kenna and Marian Walsh, although
Just at present the Walshes are all at Ben
Lomond. Bine* the recent arrival of Miss
Isabelle Burrell, Miss Kenna's devotion to
tetinin Is rather on the wane, much of her
time being given to that very charming little
lady.
Alexander Young Is expected home from
Honolulu on the Sonoma next Monday. Mixs
May Young Is a busy little damael just now,
preparing for "that September day" when Dr.
McNab will claim her for his bride. And
what a winsome bride she will be! The wed
ding day is still 60 far away that plans for
It are somewhat indefinite, but, of course,
Mlxs Bertha Young will be her Bister's maid
of honor, and since the engagement first ex
isted It has been understood that Anita Oliver
and Marietta Havens, two of the prettieet
girl» In society, by the way, were to act a*
bridesmaid*. Mis* Havens is expected home
from the East Friday night.
Mn. D. Edward Collirra entertained a few
friends yesterday. They enjoyed a sociable
game of 50<>, the pretty little prize being won
by Mrs. Seldman of San Francisco. The
players were Mrs. Tr"evor, Miss Grace Trevor,
Mrs. Seldman, Ml« c -idman, Mrs. W. A.
Schrock, Mrs. Hammer and Mrs. Herbert Gas
kill.
• • •
Mrs. Sehroek and. her little dauehter Etta
have returned frcm a delightful sojourn at
"The Old Homestead" on Russian River. If
all reports are true, there are few summer
renorts so popular with Oakland society folk a»
McCray5. Nearly every one up there seems
to hali trom Oakland. Mrs. Schrock'n mother.
Mrs. Hammer, was with her at McCrays. Mrs.
I). Edward Collins has Just returned and Mrs.
W. T. Veitch is s>till a lingerer there. Mrs.
Hammer goes to New York next month to
\itil her other - daughter, ; Mrs. Duvernet.
OAKLA%'D, July 13. — The return of our
World's Fair Commissioner. W. H. Weilbye,
and his wife Is the Flpnal for a round of In
formal affairs In their honor. They have come
home for a breathing 6pell and will return
when St. Louis has cooled off a bit. In the
meantime their friends here are giving them
a heaxty welcome. Mm Fred Mora; has invited
a few intimates to meet them at dinner to
morrow evening and, 'although It ia really
informal, Mrs. ilori<e> reputation as a hostess
insures a delightful time for her guests. Be
sides the Weiibyes, there will be present Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Bull. Mr. and Mrs. I. A.
Beretta and Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Schrock.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
ROCKVILLE CENTER, L,. I., July
13. — James Snyder of Brooklyn ajid
Frank J. Correll of Amity, 111., were
instantly killed and a man believed to
be J.W. Jewell of Brooklyn was so
badly Injured that.. he died soon after
as the result of a collision. between a
big touring automobile and a train on
the Long Island Railroad at Merrick
road crossing to-night.
The Merrick road and the railroad
tracks run for a long distance side by
side, but in Rockville Center the road
crosses the tracks at an acute angle,
making an unusually, long and danger
ous crossing. The automobile with its
occupants was apparently racing with
the train and was ahead as it ap
proached the crossing. Persons fa
miliar with the road who watched the
race expected the car to slow up, but
instead its speed was increased. The
flagman at the crossing waved his flag
as a warning and the engineer of- the
train, which was going at full speed,
reversed the engine and blew his
whistle, but the automobile shot on
Into the turn and uppn the track.. The
man believed to be Jewell was thrown
high in the air and landed sixty feet
from the rails. His skull was crushed
In, one leg was broken and he was
otherwise Injured. He died an hour
after the accident.
The car with its other two occupants,
crushed in the wreckage, was carried
400 feet on the cowcatcher of the loco
motive and then dropped down and
was dragged some distance under It.
Touring Car and a Train Collide With
Fatal Results at a Railroad
Crossing.
TWO MEX ARE KILLED
IV AN AUTO ACCIDENT
Thrift marked the steps of the late
Martin Kellogg, former president .of
the State University, and an appraise
ment of his estate filed with the County
Clerk to-day shows that he possessed
property to the value of 5185,030 38. Of
this amount (5363 is In cash, $20,000 is
invested In stocks and bonds and the
remainder consists of valuable real es
tate in Berkeley and Oakland. |
Among the well-known pieces of
realty owned by him was a lot at
Bushnell place and Hearst avenue in
Berkeley, valued at 515,000. Another
piece at Hearst avenue and Oxford
street is valued at 520,000; and a third
piece at Cedar avenue and Oxford
street is valued at 590,000. * t
Professor Kellogg was president of
the University of California for a few
years and was succeeded by Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, the p'resent head of . the
Institution.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 13.
Appraisement Js Filed on
the Possessions of the
Late . Martin Kellogg
ESTATE PROVES
OF RICH WORTH
Springer said he had a - square
chance to see the short man and would
have no difficulty In identifying him.
Wleklng declared that the taller one's
red mask slipped and exposed his face
so much that he could be recognized.
The robbers wore dark sack suits and
sleuch hats.
"Throw up your hands," sounded by
a pair of husky voices in Unison, was
the cry that startled the people In the
saloon as the double doors at the side
entrance on Eighth street swung open
and two men, their faces masked with
red handkerchiefs, stepped inside the
entrance, pointing pistols at the sur
prised men within. At a card table di
rectly in front of the entrance sat
William CWieklng, a brother of the pro
prietor, reading a newspaper. Oppo
site him was another man, a stranger,
who jumped as quickly as Wieking did
when he heard the command. Up went
their hands. Behind the bar was Al
Springer, the bartended who was talk
ing to Fred Jo: elyn, - customer who
was leaning on the counter. Their
arms also flew heavenward. A fifth man
had just stepped 4nto the front door,
but he dodged out when he saw what
was going on.
With all hands up, the taller of the
two robbers stood guard near the side
door, while his companion, shorter
than the other, rushed over to the
cash register, his pistol j covering
Springer and Josselyn. The tall man's
weapon took care of Wieking. The
strange man slipped out by the side
door. It is suspected he might have
been a confederate. The short robber
nervously fumbled the register key In
his hurry to open the till. . As soon as
the drawer responded he grabbed
handfuls of coin and shovqd the money
into his coat pocket. In his eagerness
he let a few dollars in dimes and
nickels drop on the floor. Then he
backed away and the two robbers left
the place by the same way they had
entered.
Two masked robbers, armed with
pistols, held up four men at 11:20
o'clock to-night in Henry Wieking's
saloon at the southwest corner of
Eighth and Washington streets, s'tole
$100 from the cash register and escaped.
The robbery "was doubly daring, as the
saloon Is- in the very heart of the city,
at a transfer point for street-car pas
sengers. Electric lights glare and make
the corner almost as bright as day.
Trolley cars pass on both streets every
few minutes and the Seventh-street
railroad trains run only a block distant.
. The bold pair took the saloon by
storm, and before the surprised occu
pants had awakened to what was doing
the robbers had accomplished their
purpose. The men were seen as they
departed, sauntering quietly along
Eighth street west, toward Clay street.
As quickly as possible the police were
notified. Captain of Police Wilson sent
out posses of men with excellent de
scriptions of the robbers.
TAKEN BY SURPRISE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
1016 Broadway, July 13. •
Four Occupants of Prominent Cafe Put
Up Hands and Watch Masked
. Thief Empty Cash Register.
Are Cool and Determined
in Their Daring Work
of Looting. -
As to Wagner's mustc. It ' hardly deserves
the sweeping condemnation of those who de
cry it absolutely: neither Is It equal to his
most inspired scores. Instead of being "se
nile," may It not be true that In attempting
to depict even a mediaeval concept of religion
In which there Is much that is extraneous, he
wan not so thoroughly at home as In other
subjects, or may it not be another proof that
dramatic expression Is not the fitting garb In
which to clothe religious Ideas?
"Parnifal" ia not a great epic poerf from
any point of view. The stress laid upon cer
tain details that are repulsive to modern no
tion* of ' womanly purity and manly honor
would be unwarranted were It not for the fact
that they are merely Incidental to the great
lesson of the poem, that the negative virtue
of the "guileless fool" can never furniwh an
antidote for sin. and that only by resisting
temptation can • virtue become positive and
thereby conquer. Contrast this with the in
sistence of Ibsen in many of hl» plays, who
dwells on morbid concepts of love, generally
unrelieved by the atoning ¦virtue of repentance
and made more repulsive by the acceptance
of suicide as the recourse of those who have
sinned. In "Parsifal" are fixed certain con
cepts of the ateat lessons of repentance, self
control and purity. It rest* with us to em
phasize the points that are helpful tn our own
endeavor to attain the higher Ideals of life.
Such Ideals forbid our dwelling on Ignoble epi
sode*, excepting In their relation to the nobler
aspects of the life we Keek to attain, for In
the last analysis our ideals are of our own
making.
"Parsifal" Is full of Wagner's most pro
nounced mystical, pseudo-philosophical, quael
religlous ldeaa, but where Is there any setting
of this motif that is not surcharged with these
elements, with greater or less weight laid upon
this or that aspect according to Indlvdual bias?
Wagner was in many respects. a nineteenth
century pagan, and no one has succeeded in sat
isfactorily demonstrating that through "Parsi
fal"'he became Christian, although the attempt
has been made: but, on the other hand, it Is
equally impossible to feel that In his art he
was consciously Immoral.
Up to Christmas eve. 1903, •¦Parsifal" bad
remained sacred to Bayreuthv. but its . produc
tion In New York .on that date has precip
itated discussion that makes It necessary for
u'> to consider the question opened by that
performance." One may acknowledge that
"Parsifal" is not "Wagner'* greatest work
without thereby implying or baldly stating
that it is senile. It is possible for one to
admit that "Parsifal," minus Bayreutb. is
not as effective as "Parsifal" plus Bayreuth.
One may grant that the audiencos who have
listened to its performance in Ne*- York have
displayed neither Irreverence nor lack of ap
preciation and may further acknowledge the
artistic strength of the performances.
If "Parsifal" In its proper environment has
been a stimulus to those who have journeyed
thither Jor inspiration, not because It was a
"fad," what great good hag been accom
plished by destroying the illusion, and the dis
regard of the composer's dying wish be looked
upon us an act of reverence toward the creator
o! the. work?. With many worthy operas still
unperformed, or carelessly given, might not
some of this great effort' have been diverted
from the -production of the works of those
modern writers who seem to glory In the
"seamy side" of life, to the- adequate re
habilitation of. . neglected operas, instead of
bringing a work that was designed for a
peculiar environment into such surroundings
as must surely tend to accentuate its weak
nesses and destroy Its effect?
"Parsifal" was Intended for the. peculiar en
vironment of Bayreuth and no other, and
placing- reliance upon that environment was
In consonance with One of the fundamental
concepts of Wagner'a theory. By environment
I refer neither to the restaurants nor to the
often vulgar display made by the Wagner
family and satellites, but the state of mind
felt by one who considers all that Bayreuth
has 'stood for, who Is Influenced by the as
sociations of Wagner's grave and the resting
place of the prophetic Jean Paul, or who. tn
other words. Is old-fashioned enough to have
ideals and give himself over to them. If wo
then get the real effect of "Parsifal" why
should *« rob the work of all these contribut
ing causes and then wax eloquent because It
Is no longer effective? Personally, considering
"Parsifal" purely as music. I would not dream
for a moment of ranking it among his greatest
works, but It Is one of the most Important
when heard under the right conditions, even If
in loving It we are obliged to forgive much.-
Professor Albert A. Stanley, profes
sor of music at the University of Mich
igan, does not agree with those critics
who say Richard Wagner's "Parsifal"
is the least to be admired of all the
STeat composer's works. Itls not the
greatest of his compositions, to be
sure, but it does not deserve the slings
and arrows hurled at It by thelbritics.
It does not deserve to becalled "senile"
and it really carries a great lesson to
humanity.
, Professor Stanley's views- were ex
pressed In a lecture with "Parsifal"
for the subject before a gathering of
summer school students this evening
at the University of California. In the
beginning Professor Stanley devoted
.«ome time to a review of the contro
versy that ensued over the appearance
of the opera in New York, which, he
said, was necessary to a discussion of
the subject in a sane and impartial
manner. To Herr Conried, who first
presented the opera In this country, he
attributes honest motives, saying that
he knew there must be many- who did
not question the advisability and eth
ical right of producing "Parsifal" in
America in the face of the opposition
of the Wagner heirs. Professor Stan
ley said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, July 13.*
Coroner's Jury Holds That
Horton's Death Was Due
to Bad Telephone Wiring
OAKLAND, July 13.— The Coroner'a
Jury, In the case of Horace A. Hor
ton. who was accidentally electro
cuted last Thursday evening at hi3
home at 1220 Thirteenth avenue, while
attempting to disconnect a telephone
wire, found that the accident was
caused by the negligence of the tele
phone company in running its wires
so close to the gTound.
The portion of the verdict which
places the responsibility for Horton';*
death upon the telephone company foi
lows:. "It is the opinion of the jury
that had the said Pacific States Tele
phone and Telegraph Company not run
its wires so close to the ground the
said accident would not have happened,
and we find that the above named com
pany is therefore responsible for the
death of said Horace A. Horton."
The verdict was signed by the follow
ing: Jurors: C. W.. Courtwri^ht (fore
man). A. F. Haas, Lea Burchard, Chris
Phillipson, Charles Goodall, A. C. Read,
D. B. Barker, J. Anderson and J. Mo-
Donnell.
KKAL. INSTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda Comity
-^h J se v. D - anU CIara J Erlsley to Jacob
!,, d , Ka o t . hrl "' Uertm, lot on 8 line of Felton
« if, l - , 2^ E of Occidental. E iiO by S 135. lot
'•*«; k G Paradise Park. Berkeley: $10.
mT- }, SI - ruttcr s» Jr. (single) to Jennia
McCail Ullaa (wife of Percy L) lot on N
line, of Santa Fe avenue. «O — of its Intersec
tion with W line .,f San Pablo avenue, u ::••)
r?\ 1 °£- 62> lot "• Ma P No - 2 - Wlllam M.
Butters Tract. Oakland; $10.
Clara F. Hamilton (widow) to Nancy E.
I>atche!rfer, lota 7 .and ». block H. Bay View
Homestead, and adjoining property on N. Oak
land; grant.
Q. A. Bonestell (single) to Arthur K. Mar
tin, lot on NE line oX East Eleventh strvet.
UiO NW of Eleventh avenue NW 25 by NE
lOo. block 36. Clinton, Kast Oakland- $JO
AHct M. or Allie M. Porter U'eariw>n>. Hr.gle
to L. A. Spencer, lot on S llnr of West Eight
eenth street, ICO .W of Market. \V 60 by d
111.8. lots 33 and 30. block ZXi map of Mar
ket-street Tract. between Slx:eenUi and
Eighteenth streets. Oakland; alao h* on SW
line of. East Eighteenth strret. 113 NW of
Thirteenth avenue. NW ,J3 by 8W 10O. block
K!. CHnton. quitclaim deed East Oakland* $lt>
Cartmlr nielawskl to John Lavelle and Cor
nelius Donovan, lot on NE corner of Stuart and
McGee streets, E 120 by N 135. lot «. blocK
4. State University Homestead Association No
3. Berkeley; J10O.
AugtMtun Johnson to Charles M. Trubody.
lot on N line of Easex street, SO W of Wheel
er. W 3(5.79 by N Iti5. portion of lot 13 Mt1c
D. Amended Map of E portion of Newbury
Tract, tn plat 51. Ranchoa V. and D. Peralu.
Berkeley; $10.
George J. and Sarah J. Phillips ( William*)
to Matilda r.lrdsall. lot 11. hl.x-it C, property
Berkeley Homestead Association. Berkeley;
$10.
Laetla F. and XV. G. Black to Annie I*. Steel,
lot on S line of t>»!aware street So E o'
Milvia, E 80 by S 13-1.31. lota 17 and IS, bloc*
5. Sea View Park. Berkeley; $10.
Jarne* H. and Carrie E. fafley to George V.
Lubben. lot en K line of Seventh street 12.1
8 of Pariflc avenue. E 131 by S 30:9 *A!a
me.l.i; $10.
David and Lulgla Vassalio to Joseph Faure.
lot on W line of Pearl »tr»et. 120 N from >T
line of land formerly belonging to Clark anij
Carpentler. afterward to Lewelling. XV 13J
N 10. W 10. N 31. E 143. S 41 to beginning
Alameda; $10.
Joseph F. Mullender to Virginia R. Mullen
der (wife), lot on N line of Pacific avenue
73 :« W of Sherman street. W CO:'? by N lio!
lot 9 and portion lots 8 and 10. block P, ma»
144. lpts in Pajr* Tract. Alameda: gift.
Charles and Theresa Scholt to KM T. Shep
pard. lot on SW corner of Railroad avenue
and Seventh street. W 83:3 S 107:3 E 8.VS.
N" 107:11. lots 25 to 27. block ISO, map No 2.
BrUxs Tract. Oakland; $10
William R. and Susan K Youn* to Louis
Frankenstein. lot on S line of Thirty-fourth,
street. 118:3 W of West. W 32 by 3 ICO
pcrtlon lets 14 and 13. block K, property Cen
tral Land Company, etc.. Oakland: $10.
CallfornJ.a Guarantee Investment Company f%'
corporation) to Roderick Tibbetts. .17 :« on E
line of Peralta street by 113. being lot 4 Mock
663, Peralta Homestead. Oakland; $10
Hetty T. and William (7. H*nsha<v (husband
and «s attornoy) to D. T. and Nettle Mo Ar
thur, lot on W line of Went wtreet 104 M o f
Thirty-eighth street. N 40 by W 118 «l lot 3
and portion of lot 8. block F. map Major
Olvtn Tract. Oakland: $10. ««jor
Mary E. and Samuel D. Nesmlth to L«o I-
Nichols, lot on N corner ef East Flfte-ntfj
street and Serent<^nth avenue. NW 6O by SF
110. lots 11 and 13. block 20. San Antonio. E^st
Oakland: $10.
Hannah M. ChryntaJ (widow) to Cecelia C
Chrystal (single). W 25 f»et lots 7 to 10. bloc*
16, map subdivision block 23. Dairy's Scenlo
Park. B*rk»ley; gift.
Emll Waldemar Thomson to Gertrude Brown,
lot ft. block F. map Crystal Sprin* Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
it*** and Carrie B. da Conta CoxrWtm to Da
vid Mow. lot on XV line of Tenth street. ISO .V
of Channlng way, N 50 by W 130, portion lot*
11 and 12. Week 122. corrected map Raymond
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Many a flrst-class kitchen mechanic
Is made over into a thirty-third class
actress.
Samuel Boyd. a butcher, 34 years old,
plunged to his "death from a second
story window In his home at 259 Ninth
street early this morning. Just how the
acident occurred Is a matter of con
jecture, some believing that the unfor
tunate man was -a somnambulist and
others that he lost his balance while
trying to close the window.
Boyd was found on the pavement in
a semi-conscious condition and Dr. W.
W. Kergan was called to attend him.
Boytf's right arm was broken and three
of his ribs fractured and he sustained
internal Injuries. Everything possible
was done to relieve the injured man
and at dawn the ambulance was called
to remove him to the Providence Hos
pital. He died In the conveyance and
his body was removed to the Morgue.
The sill of the window from which
Boyd fell is but one foot from the floor
and the possibility of an accident is
apparent. Boyd leaves a wife, from
whom he was separated, and two chil
dren.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 13.
Policeman Ely's attention was called
to Howard by Rose Burton, 11 years
old, residing at 4608 Maple street. She
told the patrolman that a roan had
been pursuing her and some girl com
panions. They had seen him on Forty
eighth street, near Telegraph avenue.
Ely found Howard sitting on the
¦edge of the sidewalk, apparently under
the influence *of liquor. The policeman
got the man on his feet and walked
with him to the lockup on Telegraph
avenue, a block from where he picked
up Howard. The policeman put his
prisoner in the cell and telephoned to
the City Hall for the patrol wagon. At
that time, 8:45 o'clock, Howard seemed
overcome with liquor. Policeman Wal
ters reported that as he entered the
lockup Howard gave a gasp and top
pled over dead. Detectives Kyte and
Quigley investigated and reported that
death was probably caused by alco
holism.
Howard had been arrested a number
of times. On June 22 and on July 2 he
was in jail for drunkenness. . He was
35 years old, a native of this State, un
married and without a permanent res
idence. The coroner took charge of the
body.
Thomas Howard, arrested to-night,
by Policeman Ely for drunkenness,
was found dead In a cell at the Alden
lockup by Patrol Wagon Officer Wal
ters, who responded to a call to remove
the prisoner to the City Jail. Only
half an hour had elapsed from the time
Ely took the man to the lockup and
when Walters arrived to find him a
corpse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, .July 13.
WILL DISCUSS FAIR
F. W. Denning, who has 'acted as so
licitor and collector for the Singer Man
ufacturing Company, 510 Thirteenth
Ftreet, for the last three years In this
city, was to-day charged with the em
bezzlement of $2000 by A. W. Nolte,
the Pacific Coast agent of the concern,
and the Police Department has taken
the ca-«e in charge.
Denning was very well known here
and was popular among his acquaint
ances, lie worked over the entire
county and solicited a great deal of
trade for his employers. He also col
lected much money. A portion of this
he turned in and, according to the com
plaint filed against him, a large amount
he placed in his own pocket.
Denuing disappeared in the latter
part of May. Where he went no one
seemed to know until his housekeeper,
Mrs. F. Thompson, of S16 San Pablo
avenue, received a letter from him writ
ten from an obscure town in Kansas
announcing his intention of going to
Mexico to avoid prosedution. In this
letter he confessed guilt but said that
he had offered to make good his pecu
lations by weekly payments. This
offer, he says, was refused and he re
sorted to flight. I While the complaint
charges Denning with the theft of.-$2000.
Mrs. Thompson avers that the amount
stolen by the former collector does not
amount to more than $400.
This afternoon Nolte, who has been
in this city for three weeks investigat
ing the matter of Denning's alleged
shortage, appeared before Justice of
the Peace Geary and swore to the em
bezzlement complaint. Nolte stated
that he -did not know where, ac
cused was at the present time, but the
police have reason to believe that he
is sojourning in an adjoining county
and two officers will make a search
for him to-morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ 1016 Broadway, July 13.
SAYS COMPANY
IS BLAMABLE
On the prisoner's person were found
Milroad passes issued to Wiley J. Phil-
Bps. copies of the Voice and credentials
issued to Phillips as a delegate to the
National Prohibition convention. At
the City Jail the man vociferously in
sisted that he was Wiley J. Phillips
and he furthermore signed a receipt in
s firm hand for the return of his doc
uments when he was released from jail
in the morning.
The real Phillips was innocently
traveling eastward, according to Pas
tor Ford, when the evil scheme was
operating against him in Oakland.
The police dispute this. Policeman
Jame3 Mulgrew, who arrested the man
that gave his name as Wiley J.' Phillips,
is positive that his intoxicated prisoner
was none other than the Los Angeles
editor. Mulgrew 6aid:
'"The day after I arrested this man
people from the Prohibition headquart
ers in this city came to me and showed
me a photograph which they said was
that of Wiley J. Phillips, editor of the
California Voice. It was a photograph
of the man I arrested. There isn't any
doubt about it at all, and I do not
pee why they are keeping things stirred
up. The old* man was drunk, and he
had a bottle >of sherry In his pocket,
from which he invited me to take a
drink."
Now comes the Rev. Frank S. Ford,
pastor of the Eastside Congregational
Church of Los Angeles, with a defense
of Phillips. The preacher declares that
the editor of the Voice has been a total
abstainer from intoxicating beverages
for many years; that the clergyman
editor had been waging a warfare in
Los Angeles for morality that had
made him a target of abuse and at
tack from the vicious element; that he
¦was threatened with all manner of per
sonal violence unless he should cease
his crusade. Phillips, says his clerical
defender, did not waver in the good
fight, and was therefore the victim of
a despicable plot to ruin his fair name
and good repute.
According to the Southern Califor
nian. Phillips was impersonated by a
man who had followed the editor to
Oakland while he was en route to the
National Prohibition . convention at
Indianapolis, and that the false editor
Phillips thus caused contumely to be
heaped upon the real worker in the
<.ause.
Contention has arisen between the
police of Oakland and friends of the
Rev. Wiley J. Phillips, editor of the
California Voice, State organ of the
rrohibitionists, and for many years a
leading clergyman of the Methodist
Episcopal church. The battle wages
because the police records of this city
show that "Wiley J. Phillips, 67 years
old. newspaper man, weight 140 pounds,
native of Virginia, resident of Los An
geles, was arrested June 23 for drunk
enness." The «an£ record shows that
Wiley J. Phillips forfeited J6 bail when
the case was called the following day
in the Police Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. July 13. ¦
Arrest of Supposed Editor
(if California Voice Re
opened by a Clergyman
Sidewalk and Expires on
the Way to (he Hospital
Unfortunate Man Found on
Intimates That, the Great
' Composers' Creation Has
Lost in the Reproduction
Policeman Who, Comes to
Take Prisoner to City Jail
Discovers Him a Corpse
Two Me^ Hold Up
a Saloon, Getting
1 $100 in Coin,
GOES TO THE DEFENSE
Man Charged With Crime
JIas Left City and Police
Are Trying to Track Him
SHORTAGE IS \ $2000
ACCIDENT A MYSTERY
OPPOSES THE CRITICS
END AKKIVES SUDDENLY
Declares It Blackens the
Good Repute of a Leader
in Prohibition Fields
Oakland Butcher Falls Two
Stories From Window in
Home and Dies Soon After
Professor Albert A. Stanley
i Says That the Opera Is
Not Work of Senility
Tlijomas Howard Expires in
Alden Lock-Up, -Presum
ably From Too Much Drink
Charge of Embezzlement
Made Against F. Denning
by Mrtiinfactnring Concern
NIGHT OWLS
FACE GUNS
OF ROBBERS
PASTOR DOUBTS
POLICE RECORD
AGENT ACCUSED
OF BIG THEFT
BO Y D PLUNGES
TO HIS DEATH
GIVES PRAISE
TO "PARSIFAL"
FOUND DEAD
IN HIS CELL
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,. JULY .-14, 1904/
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Ju'y.- 13. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
• the County Clerk to-day: Guy R.
Freeman, 26. Flint, Mich., and Grace
' B. Edson. 25. Oakland; William
TValdeck, <2. and Elizabeth Weber, 35,
both of San Francisco,
Old Man Disappears.
OAKLAND, July 13. — John : K.
Burke. 77 years old and feeble
minded, ia missing from his -home,
4011 Lusk street.
Cruiser Chicago Becomes Flagship.
WASHINGTON, July 13. — The
cruiser Chicago has' been assigned to
duty as flagship of the Pacific. fleet in
place of the cruiser New York, which
is to be brought around to New York
for duty on the North Atlantic sta
tion.
OAKLAND, July 13.— Suit for di
vorce was begurt to-day by Christina
Lewis against W. A. Lewis on the
ground of desertion. ' Gertrude Swan
son has instituted divorce proceedings
against Carl G. Swanson on .the
grounds of desertion and failure to
provide. s^
Sue for Divorce.
SEATTLE, July 12. — With appro
priate ceremonies the new United
States army tender Major Evan
Thomas was launched at Ballard
Tuesday. The vessel was christened
by six-year-old Natalie Fisher, grand
daughter of MajoV Evan Thomas, who
was killed in a battle with Modoc In
dians thirty-one years ago. and for
whom the cr.ft was named.
6
3 TATX.OR ST.. SA2T PBA5C13CO
973 WUUartoa St.. o*»l*J»d.
Su Joss. ... sacrament©
Post-Graduate Dental College,
—DENTISTRY *
They look well and wear well. Perform
all the ¦• functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer.
Full Set on Rubber. J3.00.
Are the highest achievement of that
branch of v
OTJ» TEETH OH PI.ATE3
A BSCOMXSnOATIOV
Of our work will be given by any one of
the many we have successfully treated.*
All are well pleased becausa all are well
served.
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
21 IS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.¦Week-end tickets, sold by the Southern Pa
cific, will ?ive you a fine day's outing at Del
Monte Santa Cruz or other places. Ask about
them ot any acent or at 613 Market .street. *
Out of Town for Sunday.
Leaves Saturday, July 16; $28 60 round
trip. In one way and out another,
around ¦ the famous "double loop."
Passes directly through two groves of
giant sequoias. Special care for women
and children. You will get the best of
everything on the Santa Fe. A rare
chance to visit the famous valley. In
quire at 641 Market street, Santa Fe
office. . • •
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
TO YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Judge Troutt yesterday rejected the
will of Louise Kauffman, who killed
herself in the house of her brother at
San Jose, on the ground that the docu
ment was made when she was of un
sound mind. The estate is worth
$9000 and includes the property at
1115 and 1117 Washington street and
lots' in Palo Alto and San Jose. The
will was written in pencil and signed
in ink and left all of the estate to her
two sisters. Mrs. L. S. Bowers and Mrs.
A. Eckenroth. Robert Brotherton. a
friend of the family, testified that Miss
Kauffman evidently contemplated sui
cide when she brought the will to his
offlce, for safe keeping and stated that
she believed something was about to
happen to her. The brother, August
Kauffman, told the court the circum
stances of finding the body, of his sister
with a buHet in the head in his room
one day when he returned from work.
Dr. Xavier Dodell testified that the girl
was of unsound mind. The brothers,
August and Herman Kauffman, con
gested the will.
Suicide's Will Rejected.
NEW YORK, July 13.— The following
Californians are registered here: From
San. Francisco — A. F. Erquist, at the
Grand Union; G. Flamm, at the Herald
Square; R. B. McLaln, at the Marl
borough; A. McKay at the Grand Ho
tel; T. J. Bailey, at the Broadway Cen
tral} J. T. Brown, at the Normandie;
E. K. Clarke and wife, at the West
minster; Mrs. W. G. Curtis, at the
Park Avenue; J. L. Hall, at the Hotel
Bartholdi; P. J. Mayer, at the Grand
Union; O. A- Wells, at the Nether
lands; E. J. Wolcott, at the Gilsey
House.
From San Jose— W. L. Johnston, J.
Mehan, at the Herald Square; J. Ruff,
at the Hoffman House.
From Los Angeles— Dr. Randall, N.
A. Strong and wife, at the Navarre.
Californians in Xew York.
and on his return trip East he pur
poses to stOD over In Washington.
The traveler says he is greatly sur
prised and rjleased with what he
has seen in this country.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examina
tion will be held at San Francisco
on September 10 for the position
of messenger, departmental service.
Age limit, 18 years or over. Apply to
the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary of the Board of Examiners,
301 Jackson street, San Francisco, for
application blank 304, which should
be properly executed and filed with
the commission at Washington not
later than the hour of closing business
on August 30, 1904.
Messenger Wanted.
' T. A. Stewart and his daughters,
Misses Etta and^ May, arrived from
Portland, Or., on the steamer Columbia
yesterday and are at the Lick House.
Mrs. Stewart is coming down by train
and will arrive to-day.
S. T. Fulton of St. Louis, assistant
to the vice presidents of the Frisco
system of railroads, accompanied by
his wife and a party of friends, arrived
from the East yesterday in a special
car. The party is registered at the
Palace.
Among the arrivals at the Palace
yesterday was Hajee Ismail Said, a
wealthy banker of India, who is mak
ing his first tour of the United States.
He has visited New York, Buffalo, the
Niagara Falls, Chicago and Salt Lake,
George L. Courtney and W. A.
Wardy, mining men of Seattle, who
have been inspecting mines in Mexico,
returned yesterday and are registered
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Mueller leave
this morning for an extended tour of
the Eastern States. They»also will visit
the St. Louis Exposition. They will
be away about six weeks.
Robert S. Conger of New York, who
has been inspecting mining proper
ties in Tonoiiah and will continue his
investigations in this State, and Utah,
arrived from Nevada last evening and
is registered at the Palace.
Colonel B. B. Hey wood. United States
Marshal of Utah, accompanied by his
wife, is in the city on business. They
are stopping with Mrs. Heywood's
sister, Mrs. Virginia Taggart, 443
Broderick street.
Henry T. Lincoln, who Is connected
with a bank in Santa Barbara, is at
the Palace.
Henry C. Bunker, chief grain in
spector of the Merchants' Exchange,
has returned from a fortnight's vaca
tion- at Independence Lake, Sierra
County.
Edgar M. Sheehan of Sacramento
is at the Palace.
Dr. F. S. Byington of Los Angeles is
at the Occidental.
C. J. Craddock, a prominent instruc
tor of Eureka, is at the Lick.
Dr. A- J. Price and wife ot Lock
port, La., are at. the Palace.
Commander Arthur P. Nazro,
U. S. N.. is at the Occidental.
Thomas Derby, manager of the New
Almaden quicksilver mines, is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
A meeting of the directors of the
pssociation having the adornment of
San Francisco in charge was held yes
terday. Messrs. Allan Pollok, Leon
Dr. Hartland Law, William Greer
Harrison and T. C. Friedlander were
'present.
The auditorium committee made a
report favoring the building of a mod
ern fireproof auditorium for San Fran
cisco. Steps will be taken soon to
finance and carry out this scheme.
The association has seconded the ef
forts made by the Outdoor Art
IJeacne in favor of flower boxes on the
window sills of houses. Boxes and
f^eds may be supplied by the associa
tion to property-holders free of cost.
Architect Burnham has written to
the Association for the Improvement
a naf Adornment of San Francisco that
hf> has begun work upon a plan for the
adornment of San Francisco, which he
has been empowered to make. He also
writes that he expects to get through
with the work proposed for San Fran
cisco within a shorter time than he
was allowed, or inside of one year. He
has employed a draftsman, Mr. Ben
nett, noted in the East, who will ar
rive in San Francisco about October 1,
for the purpose of beginning the per
formance of his duties here.
He Expert* to Get Through With tlie
Preliminaries Inside of Time Al
lowed Him by Directors.
J$l HNHAM BEGINS WORK
ON PLAN" TO ADOR.V CITY
wiil be extended to that in course of
< onstruction by the Santa Fe Com
pany, thus affording wharfage facili
ties adequate for the port's needs for
ir.any years to come.
Secretary Seott says that from the
present outlook the commercial men
will have little difficulty in securing the
reeessary funds. It must be made a
live subject, however, he says, that the
j>oup!e may take enough interest in it
to vote for the improvement on elec
tion day.
once the seawall is extended. The peo
ple of the Interior will reap benefits
Biso in having their products handled
without the delay which is now un
avoidable. It Is expected that the wall
It :s proposed to raise the money by
a bond issue. The State will then fur
nish the funds to the Harbor Commis
sion, which will i.-versee the expendi
lure. Tolls, tariffs and fees will re
turn the 52,000,000 in time and thus the
State will lose nothing.
The transaction of business in San
Fianeisco will be greatly facilitated
That the affair may not be made a
political issue a vigorous attempt will
be made to have both the Democrats
and the Republicans put a p'ank in
their platforms advocating the con
struction of more seawall. Literature
Is being prepared and this will be dis
seminated throughout the State. The
l^ress will be importuned to set the
Question before the public and com
mercial men will exert their personal
influence to have the project mate
rialize.
The commercial men have formulat
rd plans for their campaign to secure
the $2,000,000 which will be necessary
for the extension of the seawalL Sec
retary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce stated yesterday that a course
of public instruction in the matter
would be commenced at an early date.
The prirposed improvement is badly
r.eeded, as the wharves are always
crowded with freight and business is
transacted only with the greatest diffi
culty. ¦
These organizations had responded
in a manner that plainly suggested the
willingness of employers to give their
employes the time required and no par
ticular objection would . be made to
their leaving their labors Friday even-
Ing instead of Saturday. In conse
quence it was*>declded that the State
troops should be moved by the railroad
company Friday evening and be land
ed at the camp Saturday morning.
About 2500 men of the National Guard
will go to the camp. The railroad com
pany estimates that seven trains will
be necessary to handle the men and
that sixty coaches, seven baggage cars
and a horse train will be necessary to
effect the prompt arrival of the troops
at Camp Atascadero.
General Dickinson and Adjutant
General Lauck are using their best ef
forts toward impressing upon the em
ployers of the State the Importance of
the coming maneuvers so far as the
National Guard is concerned and have
received many communications ex
pressing sympathy in the movement,
which is the first to be undertaken in
conjunction with the regular troops
under the provisions of the new army
regulations.
WILL LEAVE FRIDAY.
Yesterday's conference was the re
sult of a meeting betwen the adjutant
general of the State and the railroad
officials on the previous day, when
General Lauck was confronted with
the obstacles that had suddenly arisen.
At yesterday's conference there were
present Colonel Josslyn, chief at ptaff;
Colonel Patton, department quarter
master of the Department of Califor
nia, representing General MacArthur
during his absence; Major General
Dickinson, Adjutant General Lauck
and Colonel Wilhelm, inspector gen
eral of the National Guard, and Mas
ter of Transportation Richardson and
Assistant General Passenger Agent
Judah of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. After discussing the general
situation, in so far as it concerns the
State troops, it was the consensus of
opinion of the officers that while the
convenience of the guardsmen' should
be considered in many ways, their ob
jections to leaving for the camp on
Friday night were not well founded.
It developed at the meeting that Gen
eral Dickinson, commanding the guard,
had communicated with the Merchants*
Association and other commercial
bodies of the State relative to granting
their employes reasonable time In
which to go to camp and receive need
ed instruction in military maneuvers.
MILITARY MEN CONFER*
A conference of representatives of
the regular army, the National Guard
and the Southern Pacific Company was
held at army headquarters yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of arranging
for the transportation of the State
military forces to the coming scene of
maneuvers at Camp Atascadero. As al
ready announced, the National Guards
men have been greatly annoyed by the
fact that trfe Southern Pacific Com
pany had informed the adjutant gen
eral of the State that it would be un
able to move the citizen soldiery on
Saturday, August 6, by reason of the
fact that on the following day it has
contracted to handle a large number
at summer excursionists and has not
the necessary equipment to meet the
requirements of the National Guards
men on the preceding day. It has been
maintained by the guardsmen that
many of their employers would not
grant them the much sought for per
mission to leave their labors a day
earlier in order to comply with the
orders issued by Major General Mac-
Arthur of the regular army .or the
encampment and this fact has caused
no small amount of uneasiness on the
part of Adjutant General Lauck.
Fort'* Wharves at Present
Vie Congested and Much
31 ore Room Is Necessary
Various Commercial Bodies
Agree to Give Support
to National Guardsmen
EMPLOYERS IN ACCORD
5*2,000.000 IS NEEDED
Conference Between Mili
tary Authorities Settles
Troubles of State Troops
Mr. and Mrs. D'Ombrin celebrated
the arrival 6ome weeks ago of a little
son by giving a dinner party at their
residence, 1036 Bush street, last Fri
day night. The dining room was deck
ed with roses and Japanese lanterns.
Several hours were spent at the festive
board. The guests were: Mrs. W. P.
Wand, Mrs. E. D. Robinson, Miss M.
Robinson, Mrs. M. Thomas, the Misses
Simmons, Dr. J. C. Stinson, Dr. Peters,
Professor Spamer, E. M. Lewis, H.
Brown and P. Sturdivant.
On Monday the Steele-Shorb wedding
will take place. The ceremony will be
quietly celebrated, only relatives being
bidden. Miss Shorb and her mother,
Mrs. Ynez Shorb White, possess a
wide acquaintanceship over the State,
particularly In the south.
The Rawlings-Warner wedding is set
for July 20. The ceremony will be cele
brated at the town house of the Warn
ers, who are returning from their Mill
Valley retreat for the event.
The wedding of pretty Marie Adam
and young Mr. Musto will occur in
September. It is said that a large
church wedding is planned. Miss Adam
will make a stunning bride.
The wedding of Miss Stella McCalla
and William Wallace Chapin, set for
August 3, has been postponed, prob
ably until the early fall, owing to the
recent Illness of the groom. Mr. Chapin
is a guest at the McCalla home.
The wedding of Miss Elizabeth Cam
eron Hooper and John Osgood Blanch
ard will take place on Saturday after
noon, July SO, at St. Mark's Church.
• • •
The ceremony was read by the Rev.
Mr. Worcester. Captain Truly served
the groom as best man, both of whom
were in full dress uniform and looking
very brave.
The army was well represented
among the guests, some very smart
looking women among them, and so,
too, was there a plenitude of gallant
officers in full panoply of gold lace.
The young people left after brief con
gratulations for the nuptial trip. On
their return they will reside on Angel
Island, where the gallant Thirteenth is
stationed.
Within, embers crackled on the
hearth, candles glowed from the
sconces on the walls, and forest treas
ures, pine boughs, cones and mountain
daisies made the air redolent 'of sum
mer.
Flags were draped in the corners of
the char>el above the reading desk, and
— rather singularly — were the stars and
Etripes draped upon the prie dieu, upon
which the bride and groom knelt to
avow their loves.
The bride, a tall, slender maiden of
dainty coloring, was gowned in Nile
green, wearing a picturesque hat with
white plumes, exactly suiting her style.
She was attended by Miss Florence
Hay of Fruitvale as honor maid, who
wore a fetching frock of pale blue with
a white picture hat. Then" came the
stunning bevy of ribbon-bearers, all
gowned In white and wearing white
hats, though each differently designed.
It was they who held the ribbon bands,
red, white and blue, that formed the
bridal aisle. Maidenhair ferns were
borne by this pretty guard of honor,
composed of Mrs. William Hawley,
Mrs. J. Gibson Taylor, Mrs. George
Williamson, Mrs. C. O. Edwards, Mrs.
Lottie Patton, Miss Frances Grow,
Miss Mabel Reed and Miss Hallie Kim
ball.
The wedding: yesterday ot Miss Mary
Bright "Wallace and Lieutenant Gilbert
McElroy, of the Thirteenth Infantry,
U. S. A., was one of the prettiest
nuptial affairs of midsummer. Its set
ting: was exquisite, for not in the whole
city is there so quaint and beautiful a
little chapel as that of the Swedenbor
glans, with its arbor of vines leading
through the garden into the little
sanctuary.
By Sally Sharp.
Proposed Scheme to Secure
Bond Issue for Seawall
Extension to Be Boomed
BUSINESS MEN
PLAN CAMPAIGN
CAMP PLANS
ARE ARRANGED
MISS WALLACE
BECOMES BRIDGE
OF A SOLDIER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS* fc
Pears*
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears*.
Established over ioo years.
<) visit DR. JORDAN'S ducat 4
IMUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ .^T ' 7** L * r C" rt AMtnaaical M«m> Is tb« \
aV r^Jdi^. v> '°» ld - "¦ t "«"« or i.r contracted g
• . St »J **••«• »»».i«l»^l7 o-r.4 by tat .ideit f
C /EjCi =>{*<=»!»« e» Ike Ceut Eit.it r tirt- O
A nW*K OH. JSR2AN-D!SEASES OF litH i
» f(ifr758 CetwuIUtioB fret and ttrictlT prlrate. \
r i (*^* D Tr<l * riBCTlt Pmoa»i.j or br litrr. A S
At if ft A Wr *' <"* D ¦ • t - raULos«rsv.r A
V • 1 1 HlRHUtK, HAILED Fftaa. CAT
>. n jJL nicabk* beak for mm) \
V CS. JOCCAS&««. XBS1 MarketSL.tS. F. 9
sjggBto&M MENANDWOMErt.
«^3^yfxKSE7StS Uta Big Oforcnastnral
iffiWi, i «• * 4iTv\a a'iicba.rftei.rafia.mmitloBi.
jft&f&f £suut~i a Irritation* or oic.ratlcmt
Jl*tjr mi « MTittirt. ™ of m aeons membrane*.
W»> -f f»»«« Cmu*W». Pain'.eit, and not »«trln-
RT»TTKE£UKSSHEXfc/U.C». <»nt or potionon*.
\ff\ ctirawan.8 BSES •«>« *>t »r«e*isu,
\B8aV ataVaV. 2aa* or ceBt in ' l * la ""? P**.
nTffBhn mi— isfiaffill k ' •xprett, prtpald, ftt
w Circ«l*r rat •¦ rnt*rV
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT docs not guarantee to cure
all tlie ilia that humanity is heir to, but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottagea, $3 00 to $6 00 per
week.
Send fox a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. K. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St., San
Francisco.
. Don't worry about the
youngsters this summer.
Pack up and go to
AETNA SPRINGS.
There they can romp all
day and sunset will find
them ready for bed. Just
send for booklet. . Aetna
Springs Co. . Napa Co., Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
oH, Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery St.. or BANNING CO., 222 S
Spring st.. Los An«Ies.
TDTZ,. C. C. O'DOISTN'EJIjXJ'g
JLl INEUAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
*»a the beBt camping, picnic and pleasure re-
ycrt on the coact. The greatest/ remedy for
I lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
| rheumatism and catarrh In the world- 48
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlc«
1021 U Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
I Francisco.
.btl\jLh.K Springs
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Post-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
i waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
i bles. Swimming pond, orchestra Fare $9 re-
turn trip. Klectric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates $10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. H H
McGOWAN, prop.. Sclgler. Lake Co., CaJ.
«»•»»•«.«.»»,«», ,„«.
CAMP CURRY |
Get circulars at all railroad offices. [
t Advertised by 4000 guests. i
j YOSEMITE \
¦»¦*-¦ t t iiTTTTTTT«ia»aaaaa. ¦
BI_jTJEJ
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlrt
i O. WEISMAN Mldlake P. O.. Lake Co. Cal
1 or call en Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market S F
LAKES
% KENILWORTH INN,
One of the most popular resorts in Mill Val-
ley: situated at th« foot of Mount Tamalpais;
only ¦ fifty minutes' ride from city. Rates
reasonable.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital: best equipped on Coast: mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms;
ideal location; 5*4 acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San JoBe. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MXX.ES FROM HOPLAHD.
* Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room. 1 telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowlins, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. - Get booklet, 30 Mont-
gomery street W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADBRO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; S
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend. and 0:20 a. m,
train from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cal. ¦
Grand aajljuiaaaaa Band
Electrical? i Concerts
Display g WgW 2| Batty!
iSanta Cruzf
WjLajLJLSJi.2. Finest gJLajma. o°
Pun S t.Surf £ £™V\ 3 Firework,
end Tub . Jo Battling o Water s port ,
Baths jo On tllC 3 Roof Gardens
Danclnj £ Coast Sf Summer
Boatinjand jo o< Theatricals
fine Salmon t, SOLTiC- 3 Veudeville
Fiihinj; £ thing 3 Specialties
Lovely Drives g J) onlfl 3 jt jt
<A!on«i the J o s ii t i£ e Special Rates
Coast and !« U1C £ via S. P. Ry
Throujhlhe |« limC o During the
Redwoods TnTJCVTS'innnr Entire Season
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs san Lu i $ a, ObI$P0 '
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. Son Luis
Obispo, CaL. and return. Including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for $20.00 to $22.00. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modation! 99.OO to 912.0O per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fine
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fina sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "Tbe Little Del
Monte." At tbe seaside with home comforts.
The t>lac« to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board X2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
n if n H si Kot Springs; on line South.
I I 11 I I I 1 all ern Pacific; SH hours from
K I K I I 111 San Francisco. 3 trains
II 8 II II II dally; luxurious mineral
11 I IIUII "d mud baths; hot*!
¦* unique In euistne lervtce
and appointments. Infcrmatlon at S. P. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market at.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. It. "WARNER, Byron
Hot Springs. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS
Kt-w management; no staging; depot on
grounds; phone; fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry;
rates $10 to $15 week; table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths: swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery ct.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County. CaL
HO FOB CAMP SSUCE3! NEW ENGLAND HOME!
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and lath-
ing, pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits In
plenty. Board and lodging, only $0 to $7 . er
•week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:06 p. m. Returning, connects at Trucke*
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC, llK CA T L AH01 '
Caf* European. Nurses, maids and children,
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
M. LAWRENCE & CO.
BROC K\A//\Y
Lake Tahoe,
OPENS JTTNE 1st.
,v ' "WrlU FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr..
Brockway. CaL
KTXXZCOXT FAX! — A delightful resort
on sbores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per vreelt. - P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
LAKE SHORE HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Nev. Cottages to rent $3 up. lst-class board, milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
m?ED D4DT INV* nd cottages; 6 miles from
ilLXK lAKa IHll Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office, 80 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
-Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect; IS miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forest. For information inquire at Traveler
offlce. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs, m. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
CAUPBELL EOT SPBXNOS.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
5000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 80
miles long by 5 miles wide, surrounding which
is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
specially Is made of the table. The hot springs
ar« uaequaled for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
1 Francisco to springs via, Boca, $14 SO. SUga
dally except Sunday. ' connecting wlta 6 D. re-
train from San Francisco. /¦
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EVEEY SAT IN TEE TEAS.
TO. WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and j
three months ago I was attacked with that .
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power to !
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Spring!.. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach head and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles became
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
arum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad,
mv nerves wrecked. Three months ago I went
to .Tuscan Springs. What happened since was I
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment ¦
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of the
State of Calliornla; anr well known In down- |
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry ther»
will prove truth of my helpless condition three^l
months ago. Further Information, address
LOUIS JACOBS. 6 Stockton st.. San -Francisco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send COo In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
Agua Caliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot: open all the
year round: the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms. are first
class. Rates (2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Bptcial rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua Caliente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
JJJM Ssh Jose
)^*H ifOr Situated in Vendome Park
ywa»iv%t» of 12 acre?, a charming
summer re««ort; both city
j and country advantages:
automobile garage on the grounds
free to guests. Bathing pavilion,
bowflng alleys, tennis, etc. New auto -
road map of the county mailed on
application.
J. T. BROOKS, Manager.
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, larg*
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable in Lake Co.; contains sulphur,
iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles; new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home daliy, fine vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. offlce. $7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flshlag.
boating.' launch. ' horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser in bathhouse", club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatfield Sc Vlnzent's. 223
Montgomery st.. or LEE D. CRAIG Manager.
Eoda Say. Kelseyvllls P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville. In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river: tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing
Adults $2 per day, j $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS7
\ Beswlck. Slsklyou County, California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st, or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co., CaL
— — — — - . ¦ j , — __
...miaa-a—n* Menlo Park, one hour from
UniTTIC" clty> N lne trains daily. Per-
nlll 1 I A fect el 1 "*'*: beautiful place:
1 1 V I I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt'a School.
. T ~ 1 . — . .
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
foe; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates $8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa, CaL
JOHflNNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dinlns-room: hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
Ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG 'JR., Prop.. Oakville, Napa Co. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 80 Montgomery st.
§|plil||| TENTS
gsrSL ,^^§|j£g Awning's, Hammock*,
ICSOT5EttaG5£3l W. A. rLUMJMCEX.
Tel. Main 549. Ill Clay at.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Cfc, 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. CaL \
VICHY SPRINGS
Three ¦ miles from Ukiah, Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
1 Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
: EDrlng: accommodations and table first claasj.;
. J. A. REDEMEYER, Proprietor.
CalifornlaNorfhWBSternRallway
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA .....
DEER HUNTING...
" m The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.
The DEER SEASON opens
July isth in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August ist in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; Jvly 15th in Marin
County.
Black Bass Fishing...
Opened July ist. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion.
TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws arc enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
1904," to be had at the offices of the
Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Office*. WO Market st. (Chronicle
bulldlr.g) and Tlburon Ferry; «j»ri»ral OflV.-e.
Mutual LJfe Building, corner California and
Sansome sts.. San Francisco. Cal.
JAS. L. KRAZIEK. General Manager.
R. X. RTAN. General Passenger Agent.
C% IS A /'•/"•P HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OAriULfU COUNTY: only 4'i hour*
w from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging;, wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: b?st natural
hot mineral water hath In Ftat*. F1HST-
CL.ASS HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVICE: bcth
morning and afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon
ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:SO p. m.
Rates 12 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past run* years. Information at
Tourist Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery
St.. or of J. F. MULGREW. Slcaggs. Cal.
M ARK WEST
•*. *H.KOEira ?? S p RIMBS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
win manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over placs;
(2 day: S10 and 113 week. Office. 833 Larkla
st.. cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Saat*
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every ona knows that Adams water curs*
stomach, liver and kidney disease*.
WHY EXPERIMENT T
For farther particulars writ* to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to tb*
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Cal!*.
togs, dally (Sundays «zcepted> at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. An-
derson. Hobargs. 8pler«. Ajtorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at'Calistoga; also to
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelsejnrtll* »a4
Lakepcrt. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPA.NT
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER-will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort . in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tuborf-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRIXGS
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakepcr:
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wlta
trains at Hooland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at LakeDort at 3:30; arrive- at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-passenger
t^irlst wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport er Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprm? s
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofnc*
of California N. W. Ry.. <JSO Market «.. o»
at Tlburon ferry-
MltXER & HOWARD. Traps.
WHITE STTLPHTTR SPRINGS, V»Ub1o,
Cal — Most accessible springs to San Francisco ,
round trio (1. no itaza fare; only 2% hours*
ride; S miles from Vallejo; hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralaria. eczema, kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boatinx and bathing. Dancing pavUton.
New bowlinx alley and shuffle board. Rales.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAS-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
Hotel del Cazadero — Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing, livery stable; flrst-dasj
board. Sausalito ferry; round trip. $3 73, goo«l
six months. Rates. $2 day, $10 to $14 week;
reduced rates by the month. Villa lots for sale.
J J. THIRION. Prop.. Cazadero, Sonoma Co..
CaL. cr North Shore Railroad. 6SS Market st.
OWN in mountains CAMT
ST7U3KSS HOME of Sonoma Co. MEEIES
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $".')
up- cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot:
stores: restaurant; hotel: post and express:
telephone- sawmill; 900 lots sold: 800 cottage*
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
OCCXX>XVTA3b EOTE^, HATWASDS,
First-class resort: tennis, croquet, bowline;,
amusement hall, etc Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop.;
phone Black HL
GBAITD OXSmUaX HOTEIi, Guerne-
villa CaL — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Rates $S and S10 a week. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Guernevllle. CaL
WILLOW BANCH. delightfully located l.-»
redwoods & miles from Santa Cruz. Sprls*
water, fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mall;
free conveyance; $7 week; phone Suburban 3«.
MRS. W. CRANPELI*. Santa Crui. CaL
5OXTK SHOBE HOTEI — On Tomales
Bay Good table and accommodations. Hou?«
cas- lighted Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. 'Marshalls. Marin County. CaL
SCEAErEU'S OSOTE— BOSS ??XjXdTT.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Teas*
meets, Sunday morning . trains. Addrsas aiko.
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station.
JLIVEKSIDE HOTEI. and COTTAOX3
—Near beach; SO acres beanuful Sounds; sp--
eial rate* to families: write for booklet. T.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crua.
BELLETXTfi HOTEI.. SI Verancv So-
noma Co Cal Termsv *l day and up: ho:
mineral i'prtngs near by. Long dlstanc* t»l»-
phone ; daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crua Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping 04
- camptns. A. J. GIB33. Ugr.. Glbfe* C»JL
V \~- *^ I'll I if iM/^^^*aUli'7fll rTrssK¥KPTfSls^aaaC^^^**l»SS_— \ I I a^^V // M J I 1 X F^ _^ T^^ f P \ * /. A South American ant, that preys upon and destroys
that pest of the cotton, fields, the boll weevil, has been
discovered and introduced with instant success into the
plantations of Texas and other Southern States. It now
remains to be seen if the ant, after annihilating the boll
weevil,' is not more dangerous than has been his victim
to the cotton crop
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-50c. 19 4th
St.. front of Key's Cel. Oyster House. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Special Information supplied daily *o
business houses and public men by tha
Press Cltppips Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
V A saloon-keeper was brought before the bar of an
Oakland Judge the other day on a charge of selling
liquor to girls in his groggery. In Oakland this is a
serious offense, and the defendant forfeited $1250 and
his license in penalty. What a curious and sensational
situation would develop in San Francisco if we could
find a Judge with the same opinions and the courage to
enforce them as this Oakland protector of ' youth and
morals.
IT is gratifying to intellectual Californians, who are
proud of the pre-eminence of their State and of its
citizens who are gifted in such ways as to attract at
tention wider and longer than the commonwealth itself,
that the oratorical fame of Mr. Delmas does not have
to rest upon his speech at Si. Louis nominating Hearst.
He put his goods on a falling market, and though flat
tery, sugared and scented, plays through the speech like
lightning through a summer cloud, it is known that it
was insufficient to sate Hearst's appetite. >
He indulged in a variety of comparisons to bring out
in higher relief the ascriptions to his candidate,' and
among them compared him to the pole star. That is
not original. The pole star has been an oratorical
property ever since it was used to fix the points of the
compass. With the task he had in hand Mr, -Delmas
should not have borrowed a figure from Bossuet, Burke,
Shakespeare and a large lot of geniuses and gentlemen
who while alive used, the pole star as a horse to draw the
THE SPEECH OF DELMAS.
It is thlrty-Beven preaxs since the
scattered provinces of Canada were
consolidated into one Dominion which
gave birth to the impulse of nation
hood. The start was ride by men of
great faith — men who believed in the
ability of the people to make the Do
minion strong and great. That faith
has been more than . Justified. The
pulse of the nation beats with full and
quickening life. The most sanguine an
ticipations of those who laid the foun
dations of the Dominion are being real
ized. There have been days of trial,
days of adversity, days of gloom;
there have been good times and there
have been bad times; there have been
race differences which have been fol
lowed by . fuller and clearer un
derstandings, religious differences
which hav? led to broader toler-
Dominion Day.
The First Burmese Novel.
A new departure In Burmese litera
ture, in the form cf a publication of a
Burmese novel, has been welcomed In
Burma, says a correspondent. To^every
one familiar with the literature of the
Burmese — and, unhappily, they are
not many — there is no doubt that this
departure will be welcomed as a re
lief from the tedious tales printed In
ponderous volumes and written in con
ventional style.
An educated Burman well known in
Rangoon has had the happy Idea of
writing the novel somewhat on the lines
of those Issued daily by the publishers
in other countries. The task was one be
set with many difficulties, the first
and greatest of these being the lan
guage itself, for its flexibility In ex
pressing new Ideas makes it, we are
told, a' very unwieldy instrument in
the hands of even the most accomplish
ed scholar. The cause or this stiffness
is to be found in the evolution of Bur
mese literature. The first Burmese
novel which introduces this new de
parture from conventional literature,
and surprised and even astonished
Burmese readers, has appeared in ser
ial form In the Friend of Burma and
will be shortly published in book form
with Illustrations. The story Is enti
tled "Maung Gin Manng Ma Maydo
Vatthu." It is interesting, we are
assured, not only as to its pilot, but as
giving much valuable insight into Bur
mese family life and into the customs
and practices of the Burmese people.
Burmese life is painted, not *as seen
through European glasses, but from
within by one who had . lived and Is
living it— Lahore (India) Tribune.
Annaklahaash, chief of the juneau Indians, in token
of peace and friendliness has- sent a splendid totem to
President Roosevelt. While the President undoubtedly
admires the gift and appreciates the spirit of the simple
giver, it is likely that even the Presidential contempt for
difficulties will be awed at an attempt to pronounce that
name.
BONFIRES — C. A. B.. San Leandro.
Cal. The Igniting of bonfires on mid
summer eve, June 23. the eve of St.
John's day, was part of one of the most
Joyous festivals of Christendom during
the Middle Ages. From the account
of Jakob Grimm in Deutsche Mytholo
gie the festival seems to have been ob
served -with similar rites In all coun
tries of Europe. Fires were kindled in
the streets and market places chiefly,
were blessed by the parish priest and
prayer and praise offered until they
burned out, but usually they were sec
ular in character and conducted by the
laity. The young people leaped over
the flames or threw flowers and gar
lands into them. Jumping through tha
flames was not a display of agility, but
in obedience of an ancient custom,
which, It Is asserted, prevailed- before
the birth of St. John. At one time it
was the belief that the souls of all peo
ple'who slept on St. John's eve would
leave the body and wander to the place
where death would finally occur, and it
was to prevent the soul from wander
ing that people sat at the church door
or took part in the festivities on St.
John's eve.
Now and then;! yes. This is just
what presented itself in July, 1904, as
compared with July, 1874, -when, sit
ting on a dirt box in the City Hall
courtyard with his two hands resting
on the head of a hooky cane and all
supporting his head, the forehead of
which he gently rested on the back of
his hands, patiently waiting: for the
Almshouse ambulance to arrive and
convey him to what will be his last
resting place this side of the potters*
field. The man for the present is John
C , well, the blank will do much
better than to give his right name, as
to mention it would only inflict addi
tional torture to his mind. T'J
"Mr." — yes — for to call him plain
John C , when in his palmy days
he was worth a cool million of dol
lars with a residence then second to
none in San Francisco, a stable of half
a dozen or the very best Hambleton
ians, the stalls of which were fitted
out in cedar, rosewood, mahogany and
other choice timbers— would be re
sented with words not to be forgotten
by the offending persons. John C
lived not very far from Hyde and
California streets, where strangers
visiting our city were invariably In
vited to take a look at the most mag
nificent residence then In the city.
It was during the stock boom of the
early '70's that John C was one of
the richest stock brokers dabbling In
Hale & Norcross, Crown Point, Best
& Belcher and a few other stocks that
were known to be worth hundreds of
Now and Then.
DAGO— N. t City. Dago is said to be
a corruption by American and English
sailors of the Spanish name Diego
(James), applied from its frequency to
the whole Spanish people. It was orig
inally applied to one born of Spanish
blood and used as a proper name. Now
the corruption of the name ia extended
to Spaniards, Portuguese and Italians.
DARLING— A. S., City. "Darling" H
the Anglo-Saxon "deorllng." the dimin
utive of "deor" — dear. Darling is there
fore "little dear," and should not be ap
plied by children or young persons to
people older than themselves.
SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE-
Consiant Reader, City. The Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows will be in session in
San Francisco from September 13 to 24.
inclusive, 1904.
ticket
Every time.
— Exchan so-
If you're longing for an office well above
"-» your present lot.
Just keep a string tied to the situation
that you've got:
If you feel the thrill of genius rising
fierce within your soul,
Don't forget about the dollar that secures
your meat and coal.
Be brave and face the future With its
starry heights to climb.
But take a round-
view the fair;
When you pine for relaxation from the
daily round of care;
When you're starting to the seashore or
the mountains cool and high.
Don't forget that you'll be wanting to
start homeward by and by.
Though the distance seems alluring with
a prospect all sublime.
Get a round
trip
ticket
Every time.
"When you're going to the races or out to
Precaution.
TO TOUGHEN SKIN— H. C. J., City.
The skin on the back of the hands
may be toughened by washing fre
quently with alum water, but such
will not improve the appearance of
the hands.
THE FERRY CLOCK— A. M. D.. VI
salia. Cal. The diameter of the face of
the clock in the tower of the ferry
building at the foot of Market street.
San Francisco, is twenty-two feet.
The cost of the coronation of King
Edward VII, details of which were re
cently published, establishes a record
for modern times..' It was considered,
until recently, a lordly and magnifi
cent thing for the subjects of George
IV to spend £238,238 In putting a crown
on his head, but we have eclipsed their
lavishness by £121,000. William IV and
Queen Adelaide were content with a
modest £50,000. It/ is not easy, says
the London Chronicle, to understand in
what King Edward's £259,000 was sunk,
not bo easy, at least, as in the case of
George IV — a sumptuous record of
whose coronation proved too costly to
finish. The part which did appear con
tained seventy- three colored drawings,
"finished like enamels, on velvet ami
white satin." Each portrait cost fifty
guineas. A different spirit animated
Earl Grey, when defending the Ministry
from a charge of unseemly mutilations
in regard to King 'William's coronation.
"It was the hope of the King and the
Ministers," he said, "to prevent a
heavy burden from falling on the peo
ple." ~» v-
Cost of Eikvard's Coronation.
DEER SEASON— Subscriber. Citv.
The deer season in Sonoma Countv
opens July 15 and closes September 1.
In other counties the season remains
open until October 1.
at Heidelberg University in the '40's,
the combat ending in the lopping off,
close to the forehead, of his proboscis
bs the result of a deadly slash directed
bjr his antagonist. It might have been
replaced, it Is said, had not the sur
geon been forestalled by one of the big
mastiffs that generally attend their
masters at these encounters. In conse
quence a wax .nose had to be substi
tuted for the severed member and has
done service all these years. So clever
is the imitation that persons who are
not in the secret have no reason what
ever to suspect that it is artificial.
Kardorff is 76 years old and has been
a dominant figure in the Reichstag for
the past thirty years. He crossed
Kivords upon many occasions with Bis
marck, and even to-day, at his ad
vanced age, is one of the most forceful
and feared debaters in the House. His
rpeciaJties are protection and bimetal
lism — a combination that will strike
American politicians as unique. Of an
old Prussian family. Von KardorflT
tprings from typical "Junker" or land
baron stock, and is accordingly one of
the pillars of German agrarianism, that
powerful political sect which refuses to
recognize that modern Germany has
lost its status as an agricultural state
and rnust arrange its fiscal policy to
meet the demands of industry, which is
row the nation's support. It was Kar
dorff and the influence of his imme
diate following that saddled the present
high tariff upon Germany, with its co
lossal prrain and cereal duties, and con
sequent hardships upon the working
classes. To the policy which he has
helped to fasten upon the country is
due in large measure the rise and pros-
X>erity of Social Democracy, which ex
ploited "bread usury" (high tariff on
grain) to the full at last year's Reich
stag election and captured dozens of
:uw strongholds.
Kardorfr is an emphatic and some
times erratic talker. Some of his out
bursts, like his recent reference to the
menace of the British fleet, have pro
voked critics to call him a "weisser
Litzkopf"— a white-headed alarmist.
Yet he is 'one of Germany's most pic
turesque political figures and will be
widely missed when he passes off the
Ftage of active political life.
Now when Fitz gets to holding forth
on business principle Mrs. F. speaks
of the expenslveness of riding on street
cars and Fitz changes the topic of con
versation to chickens.
accidentally dropped it in the street.
On the spur of the moment and in
pursuit of his pet "principle," he
sprang after the nickel. He sprawled
into a puddle of water and as the con
ductor did not see him get off, the car
went on going rapidly and left him.
Fitz found the five-cent piece but had
to take the next car and hand it over
to the railr(/ad company for his fare.
VOX KARDOUFF. GERMANTS
NOSELESS STATESMAN. PAYS
KKITI-SH NAVY IS A MENACE.
CHICKENS— J. C. S., Santa Rosa,
Cal. Chickens to the value of $25 are
exempt from execution.
'Anszvers to Queries.
FOUND HIS NICKEL. BUT LOST
HIS RIDE AND HAD TO PAT
FARE TWICE.
Births, marriages and deaths are
very common at sea; cases of suicide,
although not materially swelling the
records of deaths, are by no means in
frequent. It often happens that mental
depression is accentuated by the vast
ness and solitude of the ocean. The
sense of loneliness, helplessness and in
significance has been known to develop
into suicidal tendencies. Strangely
enough, during an actual tempest the
sense of self-preservation seems to
overpower the desire for self-destruc
tion. Some months ago a young lady
on board a steamer bound for a Cana
dian port evinced much apprehension
as to her safety during a violent storm.
Less than two days later, when the sea
was calm and sailing conditions pleas
ant, she climbed over the bulwarks
and threw herself into the ocean.
The .fascination of watching the
swift flow of water from tb.3 propellers
at the stern of a vessel is a well-known
cause of suicide. Even sailors who
have gazed down at the surging stream
have been overcome with the morbid
Impulse to leap into it. In the Red
Sea and Indian Ocean. Lascars, mad
with heat, have leaped out of the en
gine-room and at a bound have dived
overboard, never to be teen again.
Lack of success in America 'or Aus
tralia has driven many an emigrant to
seek oblivion in suicide. Two cases oc
curred last year of unsuccessful men
¦who drowned themselves when in sight
of the old country.— London Mail.
Suicide Impulse at Sea.
The achievements of the five-masted
steel bark Preussen. 5081 tons, built in
1902, for the Laeisz shipping agency of
Hamburg, the largest square-rigged
bark in the world, has excited much
interest of late. The most remarkable
performance of the Preussen thus far
has been the completion of the voy
age from the channel to Iquique.
Chile, a distance of 12,000 miles, in
57 days — about the time made by the
steam freighters engaged in the South
American trade. On this voyage the
vessel took her departure from Oues
sant March 5, 1903. and crossed the
line March 18, thirteen days out.
establishing a record never before
equaled by a sailing ship. The
parallel of 50 degrees south in the At
lantic was attained April 10. and in
the Pacific April 21. eleven days being
thus spent in weathering that most
tempestuous of regions. Cape Horn.
From noon of April 23 to noon of
April 24 the vesel laid down 36 S miles
to her credit, this being the best day's
run throughout the voyage. The ar\
chor was dropped in the harbor of,
Iquique May 1. fifty-seven days from
point of departure to destination. —
Geographic Magazine.
A Famous Clipper.
THE people of Alameda have made a representative
expression against consolidation with Oakland.
They exhibit much feeling in the matter and some
alarm. It was concluded by the meeting that safety
should be sought in the adoption of a freeholders' char
ter. The Call has no desire to advocate or oppose the
proposition to unite the great population on the east side
of the bay in one government, but the plan is before the
public and there is no room for doubt that it will be in
issue until a definite settlement is made.
Such a settlement can only be secured by going ahead
to a finality. The Alamedans fear a change in the stat
utes of the State which will compel them to submit to
be "gobbled," as they call the proposed process. They
are of the opinion that they can make a new charter, to
be ratified by the Legislature, making permanent, their
individual government. Thereafter a consolidation -t
would find a charter in the way which could be amended
by consolidation, but the> people would vote on the
amendment. But after such new charter is adopted
the argument for consolidation and its economies will
be strengthened. A new charter will increase the cost
of the individual government, as it has in Oakland and
as it will in Berkeley if that city adopt the same expedi
ent. If the thin populations were consolidated they
would make the second municipality in the State. We
do not say that there is anything in mere size, but it is
claimed that a common government for them all will be
a better government and more economical.
It is easily foreseen that the discussion of the issues
is destined to cause much heat and friction between the
people of the east side. There is bad blood over it now,
and it will get no better until some sort of settlement is
reached. It will enter into district arid State and county
politics, and will cause a constant turmoil and confusion.
It seems that a little wisdom and good feeling will save
all of this and bring the issue to a test that will be ac
cepted as final.
Instead of the people of Berkeley and Alameda rush
ing into a new charter campaign, why not get together
with Oakland and agree to constitute a representative
commission from each town, empowered to get together
and see what kind of a general charter can be framed
for a common government of them all, each retaining
its present name and place on the political map of the
State, after the borough plan which put New York and
Brooklyn under one government, leaving them still
known as New York and Brooklyn?
It is better to defer a fight over the matter until a
compromise like that has been tried. Such a common
charter would have to go to the Legislature. It is pos
sible, too. that it would require an amendment to the
State constitution, so that the finality in either event
would not be imminent, and the people would have time
for ample consideration of the whole matter in coolness
and not in heat of temper. The underlying facts of
taxation and expense could all be developed and com
pared with what can be fairly predicted of the new gov
ernment, and as a result many men might change their
minds. Perhaps those who now favor consolidation
would get light leading them to abandon it. On the
other hand those now in opposition might be led by facts
and comparisons to go to the other side.
The legal phase of the subject is very interesting in
deed. The whole State is interested in the questions it
will raise. There are other towns that will want to
economize or satisfy their ambitions _by consolidating.
At present it is an untried field, as proposed on the east
side. The city and county consolidation of. San Fran
cisco was a different matter entirely. It dealt with a
duality' of government over the same population. The
merger was easy. No heartburnings about going off
the map were caused by it. No pride of municipal in
dividuality had to be wounded. The only issue was the
substitution by the same population of one government
It is already obvious that the east side cannot be sim
ilarly consolidated. Individuality must be respected. and
how can this be done except by borrowing from the ex
perience of New York and adopting the borough system?
ALAMEDA WON'T TRAIN.
Announcement comes from St. Petersburg that here
after political prisoners will not be condemned to the
dread tortures of Siberia without a trial before a regu
larly organized court. While the reform may not be
more than a formality, it indicates that the leaven of
civilization is working in Russia and that after all the
Czar is amenable to criticism from his neighbors. And
the Russian Government needs sorely now the friend
ship of the vast and diverse interests that form the em
pire.
BERLIN. June 26.— Wilhelm von
Kardorff. the veteran member of the
German Reichstag, who has startled
Ms countrymen by declaring that the
British navy is becoming a menace to
Germany, has achieved political fame
ond honor despite the fact that he has
Jnr more than fifty years been without
a nose. Kardorff fought a bloody ra
pier duel with a fellow student while
Fpr>cliU Cofiesprsdpre*
Ckrs Warning to Germany.
dollars one day and not as many cents
the next, yes; luck was with him and
no matter what the fluctuations were
John C added to his bank account
until he did not know how much
money stood to his credit. Swelled up
with his good fortune he saw fit to of
fend one of the "Big Four" and it wan
decided to take John C down a
peg: or two in his pomposity and
planned well to attack his stock dea^s.
The result has been cited above. In
lesa than twelve months he did not
own a single share. His home, his
horses and all he had on earth was
gone and what was still worse his wif*
left him in a few more years, going to
Europe, where she died. And now
John C is a pauper with his- city
address not mentioned in the direc
tory.
Such ia the history of one; there ar«\
or were, many others whose history
fits this of poor John C .
The faculty is designed for all classes
of students who desire to train them
selves in the "business sciences," for
those who can give the wLole of their
time for three years after leaving
school, those who cannot give their
fuir time, but will carry on their stud
ies in the evening or at other times'
after entering the business, and -those
who can devote on!y evenings or other
portions of their time to study.
Classes are to be held in the day and
the "evening, and the course for the de
gree may be taken in small portions, so
that there is nothing to debar any of
these classes of students from offering
themselves for the degree.— St. James
Gazette.
The faculty has. been founded with
the object of affording a systematic
training in higher commercial subjects,
in the etudy of government and admin
istration, and in the work of economic
and social investigation.
There is to be a faculty of commerce
at the University of Manchester, and.
according to the first prospectus which
has been issued, two - commercial de
grees are provided for — "B.' Com." and
"M. Com."
To obtain these degrees students
must master the study of economics,
an analysis of industries from the in
ternational standpoint, accounts, mod
ern history, trade geography, lan
guages and general commercial law.
"Bachelors of Commerce" must pass in
from eight to ten subjects, and the
"Master of Commerce" degree is con
ferred on B. Corns, who offer "a dis
sertation on some subject approved by
the faculty." The fees for each sub
ject are from 6s 6d to -.5.
B. Com., the New Degree.
While in this city observing the
Fourth festivities they boarded a
Halght street car. seating themselves
on the outside. The conductor gave
Fitz a nickel short in the change and
when the passenger promptly protest
ed the railroad man corrected his error
with due apologies. Fltz pointed a
moral from the Incident for Mrs; F.'s
benefit.
"Now, you see how I made my case
good. I upheld a principle and saved
my money as well. You. doubtless,
would have let it go. That's Just like
a woman."
In his oratorical exultation he flour
ished the hand that held the coin and
I John J. Fitzgerald is the well known
chicken farmer of Santa Rosa, He has
a fad— business principle. Mrs. Fltz
does not possess all the acumen of
John J. in the matter of driving bar
gains—small bargains— any kind of
bargains, so John J. thinks, and he
enjoys trying to break her to the very
useful habit. Look out for the nickels
and the ,$5 pieces will roll themselves
along, is a pet axiom with him. Fltz
is not mean in his frugality, but , on- the
contrary, is the soul of generosity. His
econc-my is not a mania, only a prin
ciple.
Chasing "Business" Principles.
No political utterance by any party in this country
was ever as seamed and scarred, embossed and em
broidered with contemptible cowardice and purulent
dishonesty as that.
The Republicans and Democrats who stood for the
gold standard in 1896 made it possible and finally secured
it by legislation enacted independently of any increase in
the supply of gold. That increase had nothing to do
with the adoption of the standard and has no influence
whatever upon its maintenance. The plank boasted that
seven hundred millions of the increased supply have
come to the United States. That is true. It is also
true that if Brj'an, John Sharp, Williams, Champ Clark,
Judge Parker and the big and little deities of the party
could have ha'd their way and adopted free silver, not a
single dollar of the increased supply of gold would have
come to us, nor would there be left with us a single dol
lar of the stock that was on hand when these men were
oozing enthusiasm at Chicago over Bryan's cross-of-gold
speech, or supporting his pretenses. It is a poor com
pliment to the common sense of men like Ben Cable,
Charles S. Hamlin, Thomas Taggart and Robert Patti
son, gold Democrats -and delegates at St. Louis, that
they should agree to submit to such an untrue state
ment of a scientific situation.
The platform is intolerably verbose and repetitious,
and presents only three issues — tariff, taxation and the
Philippines. As for the tariff, there is no half way
tinker's shop nor cobbler's stall between protection and
free trade. Each represents an economic principle that
may be defended. There can be no hybrid between
them. If protection enrich manufacturers, free trade
enriches the importers. If promoting the private busi
ness, the employing and consuming capacity of men, is
bad, then we must stop doing anything, and protection
and free trade arc open to the same impeachment. The
Democratic platform proposes a mule tariff, something
that is neither horse nor ass, but has long ears and can
bray. If it had boldly declared for free trade the party
would have been entitled to respect. But its tariff ex
pression is worthy to sit in the stocks with the gold
standard hypocrisy to be egged by the people.
The people are informed that they are taxed within
an inch of their lives to 'support the Federal Govern
ment. As the indisputable official figures show that
Federal taxation, interest on the public debt and all
amounts to just two cents per day per capita, the bur
den will be a light one to lift, and won't be missed -when
The Philippine issue will be discussed separately.
The significant feature of the convention was its domi
nation by Southern men. Jones of Arkansas, chairman
of the National Committee, called it to order and intro
duced Williams of Mississippi as temporary chairman,
and he was succeeded by Champ Clark of Missouri as
permanent chairman, and Daniel of Virginia was chair
man of the platform committee. Every one of these was
a free silver man and cursed Cleveland in 1896. Their
lack of principle is the smallpox which infects the party
they control. v';f"
THE speeches at the Democratic National Conven
tion, which were addressed to any subject out
side the internal feuds of the party, were elabo
rate denials of any relation between Republican policy
and the progress and prosperity of the country. If that
be true, then no public political policy or method of ad
ministration can affect in any way the economic condi
tion and material progress of the people. This is the
logic of the Democratic statement, and it makes idle the
promises of the platform, which run to the subjects of
taxation and prices, and promise "the rescue of fche ad
ministration of the Government from the headstrong,
arbitrary and spasmodic methods which* distract busi
ness by uncertainty and pervade the public mind with
dread, distrust and perturbation."
This platform expression is lifted bodily out of the
trust organs. They used it in every impressive form
when President Roosevelt ordered the seven cases
brought against the trusts, and were frantically dupli
cated when each of the suits was won. No legitimate
business interest of the country has felt any dread of
Republican policy or administration, nor any uncer
tainty. What those business interests require is the
gold standard of value, assuring financial stability and
adherence to our economic and revenue policy of pro
tection.
The gold standard plank of the platform, as first
agreed upon and then struck out to please and placate
Bryan, was a lying evasion, which every gold standard
Democrat knows to be false. A party that proposed to
'be false about a policy of such importance, 'and
finally made a cowardly surrender, is not fit to be trusted
with its maintenance, no matter what may be the pres
ent position of its candidate, who twice voted to destroy
the gold standard. The plank, as framed and then killed,
said: "The discoveries of gold within the past few
years and the great increase in the production thereof
adding two thousand million dollars to the world's sup
ply, of which seven hundred millions fall to the share of
the United States, have contributed to the maintenance of
a money standard of value no longer open to question,
removing that issue from the field of political conten-
atfon, but, looking around us and
above us, there is hardly a cloud visi
ble on the sky. The sun of Canada's
prosperity shines clear and high. — Ot
tawa Free Press.
plow of their oratory through the intellectual glebe of
their time.
Why was he not original? Why did he not take the
pole star in hand in a new way? This he could have
done by comparing the pole star to Hearst and not
Hearst to the star. If he had pictured the solitary star,
hanging in the north heavens just at the edge of the
Big Dipper, twinkling green with envy because Hearst
excels it in standing hitched, he would have struck out
He also presented Hearst as "true as the needle to
the pole." That also is old. It was first used by a
Chinese coolie 3200 B. C. What an opportunity Mr.
Delmas lost by imitation instead of originality! He
should have had the needle divorcing itself from its long
devotion to the pole and turning upon its pivot point
to Hearst as the new pole and incarnation of constancy.
When he had a client who can gorge that sort of thing
and upon whom it acts neither as a cathartic nor emetic,
but who can always gorge more, he should have lived
up to his opportunity. As it is the fame of Delmas is
neither advanced nor set back by a speech that was all
plain and no pinnacles.
THE DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .'? . ... . ? : . .Address. AH Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ..V — . Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ...........; ..., .77..... JULY 14, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESF. Marstrand, another non-union man
employed In the place of the strikers,
said that Monroe had told him how
strikers had punished one man on
Eighth street and that the union men
had been fined by the union for both
ering non-union stablemen.
I J. H. Babbitt, a horseshoer, verified
evidence previously given
the acts of the pickets, and T. J.
White, secretary of the Stablemen's
Union, was sworn as a witness. His
examination will commence this morn
ing.
The foreman of the Nevada stable,
formerly In the livery business at
Stockton, P. L. Bury, heard Monroe
declare the stable to be unfair and the
employer of "cheap labor and Chinese
labor." He said that the banners of
the pickets frightened horses entering
and leaving the barn. One rig, he said,
was forced to go to the back door to
obtain entrance.
E. G. Duffy of 1121 Market street cor
roborated former evidence, and M. E.
Severance, a non-union buggy washer,
told of the throwing of a rock through
the window of the stable.
FOREMAN HEARD WORDS.
George Spencer, secretary and man
ager of the Union Pulp and Paper
Company, had been visited by repre
sentatives of the Stablemen's Union
and asked to remove his horses from
the stable.
"men went out of the back door be
cause they were afraid to go out at the
front."
The City Engineer was directed to
prepare plans for an engine-house on
Twentieth street, near Missouri.
The City Engineer recommended
certain improvements on Corbett ave
nue, Seventeenth street and Clara
avenue, but it Is necessary that prop
erty owners who are liable for the
work petition for the same.
The City Engineer filed a report of
the names of fifteen owners maintain
ing area walls for sub-sidewalk space
on Fourth street, which is about to
be widened.
E. J. Coffey waa appointed foreman
of street sweeping. :
Grades were ordered changed on
Mission street at Onondaga, France,
Italy, Mohawk 'and Foote avenues pre
paratory to the bitumenizing of the
street.
E. Lewis, L. H. Allen and E. S.
Burkhard, representing the Excelsior
Homestead Association, appeared be
fore the board and complained that
no property could be sold in the dis
trict until the streets are opened. They
stated that Edinburgh. China and Vi
enna streets were obstructed by fences
erected by Emhamk's dairy. Commis
sioners Schmitz and Maestretti stated
they would personally go over the
ground and take steps to have the ob
structions removed.
The Board of Works yesterday ap
proved the plans for the illumination
and decoration of Market street by the
Knights Templar during their con
clave in September next and a permit
for the same was issued. The plans
contemplate the erection of two col
onnades at Fifth and at Steuart streets
and a triumphal arch at Third street.
Bids will be invited for poles for a
permanent scheme of illumination on
Market street.
Grants Permit to Knights Templar.
Will Remove Fences in Excelsior
Homestead District.
BOARD OP WORKS APPROVES
PLAXS FOR ILLUMINATION
Evening Primroses In Yosemite Valley.
Yosemite meadows are now full of
beautiful evening primroses and every
evening hundreds of people from camps
and hotel walk down the road to see
them. Why not spend your vacation in
Yosemito among the towering cliffs and
grand waterfalls? The round trip on the
Santa Fe, including ride through the Big
Trees, is only 528 60. Ask at No. 641
Market street, Santa Fe office. •
Mother Deprived of Child.
Kate Laughlin will have to continue
her fight for the custody of her 6-year
old daughter, Marguerite, because
Judge Troutt yesterday overruled the
demurrer of the mother to the appli
cation of Mrs. Clara Wagner for let
ters of guardianship over the child.
Mrs. Wagner is the girl's aunt and al
leges in her petition that the mother
is immoral and dissolute and unfit to
have the custody of her only offspring.
The father of the child is dead and his
estate is involved in the proceedings.
Living up to a name Is a difficult and a great
achievement. Making a new one Is greater.
"Old GUt Edge Whiskey" made a new name so
long ago that It Is now able to live up to It as
an old, old one. . - < •
Charged With Burglary.
Chales Trulsen, 18 years of age,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day on a charge of burglary. He Is
accused of breaking into a yard ad-
Joining 315 Howard street on July 11
and stealing a quantity of copper and
piping belonging to Carl L. Schalitz,
proprietor of copper works at 309
Howard street. The stolen property
was recovered.
C. Farris, a builder and contractor,
told the court that he had seen twenty
to thirty men walking around in front
cf the stable and saw Monroe directing
them. They talked in a loud T«9ice, but
only cried out "Unfair stable." Teams,
he said, were obliged to drive around
the strikers In order to enter the sta
ble. Farris said that he we greeted
Jokingly by his union acquaintances,
vho asked him if he was a "scab."
D. M. McCarthy, who is in the horse
business and a member of the Carriage
and Stable Owners' Association, saw
the parade of pickets with banners and
observed Monroe " in the crowd. He
heard the cry of "scab," but could not
say where it came from. The crowd
that gathered outside the stable, he
eaid, interfered with the progress of
pedestrians. He testified that when he
drove horses through the crowd he had
to do so by main force.
C. P. Howes, a real estate broker,
corroborated the preceding witnesses
and Eaid he had heard remarks stating
that the stable belonged to the "trust"
nr.d was "down on laboring men." He
had heard the strikers say that the
Charles Maginr.is, in charge of the
Ftcck and wagons for Blake, Moffitt &
Townc, testified that representatives
of the union had called upon him and
requested that he . remove the firm's
horses and rigs, from the Nevada sta
ble. No threats were made and, seeing
no reason for changing stables, he told
the union men that he would not com
ply with tlteir request.
M. S. Rose, one of Pk-rce's non-union
employe*!, working upstairs in the sta
bjp, heard the word "scab" used by
those calling out in front of the place
of business and said that Monroe, the
union captain of pickets, was louder in
his expressions than any of the others.
WANTED HORSES REMOVED.
Police Orticer J. F. O'Shea. detailed
to look after the trouble at the Ne
vada stable, said that he had seen the
attempt to interfere with the loading
of manure and had heard a man in a
gray suit say to the non-union em
ployes: "We will get you." He or
dered the man away. The officer es
corted the non-union men to their
meals and waited outside the restau
rant to take them back. Before that
time meals were brought to the men
at the stable, but they objected to the
quality of the food. Attorney Van
Ness suggested that it was because
they were being served from a union
restaurant. On cross-examination
O'Shea said that he was not a member
of "eithfr of those unions, the Citi
zens' Alliance or the stablemen."
Proprietor E. G. Pierce was recall e 3
by Van Ness and he identified the
'red-headed" man as one Lockhanj;,
who had marched in the circle of
pickets. Pierce stated that Lockhardt
end another had come into the stable
«nd asked to hire a peddler's rig.
knowing that he had no such riff In
thV barn. Lockhardt is said to- have
called Watchman Miller a vile name
and asked if he "had a gun." Pierce
answered that it was none of Lock
liardfs business. Later the pair re
turned and demanded a rig from the
stable. Pierce said he would not let
them have one and an argument e.v
pued in which the red-headed man cast
further reflections upon the watch
man and then said that he "would do
Pierce and the watchman, too." Pferc«
ordered Miller to put the men out. Mil
ler drew a sun and the men departed,
«n officer in citizen's clothes helping
them out of the door.
Michael Kelly, one of Pierce's non
union employes, corroborated the
ctory of the affair with the red-headed
man and his irate.
Mere than a doz^n witnesses were
heard yesterday in Judge Hunt's
court in the trinl of th«» injunction
CRse against the Stablemen's Union
R.nd still the side of the employer is
not finished. While not sensational,
the evidence was significant in Its
bearing upon the acts of representa
tives of th» union in its effort to de
clare the Nevada stable "unfair." The
witnesses told stories of assault,
threats and Interference with business
»nd each story was corroborated.
L. C. White, secretary of the Car
ri-'pr* Owners' Association, testified
that he had heard the pickets in front
©r the Nevada stable call out "unfair
ttnble; don't patronize the only unfair
stable on Market Ftreet." find "there
Itt old Pierce; look at him; he is a
r<ab." He 6ald that the man who
voiced these phrases would raise hU
hand to persons parsing on the street
cars and repeat the words mentioned.
M. J. Linehan, a hay and grain
Coaler, said that he had been called
bpon by representatives of the Stuble
tnen's Union, who jisked him to refuse
to sell hay to the Nevada stable and
ciid that if he would do so the horses
*vould starve, because the men at the
etable could not leave their work to
li:tul hay. The representatives, he
caid, declared that if he did not ob
fcrve their demand they would boy
cott him and "give his hay a black
eye" us far as was within their power.
ESCORTED BY OFFICER,
The Bank Commissioners are having
lots of fun over the distress of the in
corporators of the "interim" banks.
The wiseacres who thought to gather
up a few bushel baskets full of the
coin of the realm through an oversight
of the lawmakers find that they get
only dross. It has all come about be
cause a stanch secret drifted away
from its moorings and floated* into the
hands of people who thought they
might use it too.
When the Legislature wanted to get
rid of Dan Kevane it had to abolish
the Bank Commission to accomplish its
object. Some time elapsed before a
new board was created. Meanwhile
there was no restriction In the matter
of incorporating banks.
A wise man from Los Angeles saw
how he could get a bank franchise for
next to nothing: and sell it at a mag
nificent advance when the law waa
once more in effect and licenses were
difficult to secure. He incorporated six
banks with a capital stock of $5 in each
case. Every member of his family was
a bank president. Then he told a
friend. The friend incorporated a few
banks on his own account and told two
friends. A Sacramento capitalist start
ed four banks with $20. Then Martin
Kelly and his henchmen began to form
banks.
Before the Legislature re-established
the commission there were more banks
in California than in all the other
States of the Union combined. The
combined capital of these financial in
stitutions would not buy a private car
to Boston.
The new Bank Commission appealed
to the Attorney General, but he decided
that licenses must be granted on appli
cation. The banks were licensed. The
Incorporators smiled and waited for
customers. They are still waiting, but
the smiles have disappeared.
"Interim" banks are a drug on the
market. There are too many of them.
None of the I licenses have been sold
and the Bank Commission thinks none
of them can be sold. The price of banks
is now far below par. Martin Kelly has
four of them to cell for $2 apiece, and
he paid 55. The Los Angeles man gives
one bank away with every box of or
anges. The Sacramento capitalist put
his licenses in to stop the break in the
levee last spring.
The public of San Francisco will have
the opportunity of hearing some of the
visiting professors now lecturing at the
University of California, through an ar
rangement made by the trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute.
The lectures have been arranged as
follows: The first will be given
Wednesday. July 20, on "Russia and the
Present War." by Archibald Cary
Coolidge, Ph. D., assistant professor of
history, Harvard University. Professor
Coolidge is considered one of the lead-
Ing authorities on Russia in the United
States. Frederick Jackson Turner, Ph.
D., director of the school of history at
the University of Wisconsin, and au
thor of "The Significance of the
Frontier in American History," will lec
ture July 20 on "The Influence of the
West on the Development of Demo
cratic Principles."
Francis Barton Gummere, Ph. IX, pro
fessor of English at Haverford College,
author of "The Beginnings of. Poe
try," will give a lecture August 3 on
"The Popular Ballad of Tradition,"
with readings from early English bal
lads.
"Faith and Science" will be the sub
ject of the lecture to be given August
10 by James Ward, M. A., Sc. D., LL.D.,
fellow of Trinity College and profes
sor of mental philosophy at the Uni
versity of Cambridge, England.
Tickets for the four lectures may be
obtained by applying at the Mechanics'
Institute Library, 31 Post street.
Congressional Commission Coming*
The Chamber of Commerce received
a communication yesterday from the
Merchant Marine Commission, ap
pointed by the last session of Con
gress, stating that the body would in
vestigate conditions at this port be
ginning August 4. The commission
will meet at the Chamber of Com
merce and Mil listen to arguments
and reports by the business men of
this city.
The Board of Health made a futile
attempt yesterday to place the blame
on the Health and Hospital Committee
of the Board of Supervisors because
articles furnished to the City and
County Hospital did not conform to the
original samples upon which the con
tracts were awarded and were rejected
on that account. The attempt was
made at the meeting of the committee
to consider the matter of purchasing
urgent supplies for the institution un
der a special appropriation of $5000.
Dr. Ward, president of the Health
Board, stated to the committee that
forty-eight yards of damask furnished
by Murphy, Grant & Co. and 1300
yards of bleached linen from Levi,
Strauss & Co. were of inferior quality
compared with the adopted sample and
had been rejected by Warden Fleming.
Ward Intimated that the committee
was to blame In the matter, but Dr.
d'Ancona, chairman of the committee,
replied that it was the duty of the
warden to. refuse to accept any sup
plies which did not come up to the
samples.
Charles W. Fay, clerk of the board,
explained that the samples were se
lected by the hospital officials and after
the samples had been branded by the
committee its duty ceased. It was then
the duty of the hospital officials to see
that goods of equal quality were fur
nished.
A committee of ladles, consisting of
Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. Smedberg
and Mrs. Beaver, appeared before the
committee and submitted a list of ar
ticles absolutely required for the hos
pital, which were approved. The cost
of the articles, which included bed
spreads, pillow cases, sheets, etc., ag
gregated $4000. The committee decided
to meet at the hospital next Saturday
morning at 10 o'clock to Inspect the
samples submitted.
The committee asked for' permission
to expend $300 of the remaining $1000
In the special fund for surgical imple
ments. A formal petition to that ef
fect will be filed and in all likelihood
the desired permission will be granted.
LARGE INCREASE IN THE
RECEIPTS OF WORKS BOARD
Cashier's Report Shows Income From
Various Sources During 1903
1001 Of $171,537 30.
J. T. Donahue, cashier of the Board
of Public Works, yesterday submit
ted his annual report, showing that
the receipts of the ofllce during the
fiscal year 1903-1904 aggregated the
sum of $171,537 30. Of this amount
$46,365 was received from street
space permits; $65,961 50 from side
sewer deposits and $21,339 60 from
fees for house building permits.
The receipts show an increase of
$41,672 63 over 1902-1903 and of $91,
593 05 over 1901-1902. The disburse
ments during 1903-1904 were $120,
003 23.
COMMITTEE RECOMMENDS
. MANY IMPROVEMENTS
Supervisors Favor Repair of Folsom
Street and Reduction of Side
walks on Fourth.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday referred the petition of Su
pervisor Hocks for the repaying of
Folsom street, from Seventh to Elev
enth, to the Board of Works with the
recommendation that the work be
done as soon as possible.
The committee reported in favor!; of
the reduction of the width of side
walks on Fourth street from nineteen
feet to fifteen feet and of a large
amount of street work in' various
parts of the city.
Almost always the most Indigent are
the most generous.— Stanislaus.
Dr. M. H. Bohord, Dentist — Now located
In Grant building:, 1005 Market it., cor. 7th. ¦
Want Assessments Reduced.
Applications were filed yesterday
with the Board of Equalization
for reductions in assessments by
Alex W. Wilson, southeast cor
ner Eddy and Mason streets,
from $54,500 to $45,000; southwest
corner Turk and Taylor streets, from
$238,500 to $200,000: Louis Friedman,
lot on Market street near Fourth,
from $88,250 to $62,150; Thomas S.
Williams, southeast corner Third and
Mission streets, from $119,000 to $95,
000; P. J. McGoulln, corner Mission
and Ninth streets, from $36,460 to
$19,500; W. N. McCarty, southeast
corner Ellis and Mason strets./from
$184,500 to $150,000; D. L. Bliss, lot
on First street near Natoma, from
$96,600 to $87,500.
J. F. Cowdery petitioned that the
arbitrary assessment of $450,000 on
the estate of Samuel Davis, deceased,
be stricken from the roll.
"Russia and the War" Will
Be Discussed in Address
by Professor A. Coolidge
Needed Articles for City
Hospital to Be Purchased
Out of Special Allowance
Monuments to Capitalistic
Genius May Be Purchased
at the Bargain Counters
Evidence Shows Threats and
Other 3Ieans Were Used
to Hurt Stable Business
SUBJECTS INTERESTING
QUALITY IS INFEEIOE
MARKET IS TOP-HEAVY
TEST CASK DIUGS ALONG
Mary Grant told Judge Fritz that a
policeman told her she could sell
liquor without a license so long as she
sold it discreetly, and that her arrest
by another policeman was not owing
to indiscretion on her part, as he wore
plain apparel and acted and talked
like an ordinary citizen In quest of a
drink. The court informed her that
"I was making for the ferry," said
Michael Hlckey in response to Judge
Mogan's Inquiry as to why he waa
found loitering early yesterday morn
ing at Fourth and Market streets and
why a screw driver and a wire cutter
were in his possession.
"What were you making for the
ferry and were those implements used
In the making of It?" queried hia
Honor.
Hickey promptly replied that he was
making haste for the ferry and that
the tools were not employed to ac
celerate his gait. He arrived here
from St. Louis two days ago, he stated,
and was starting to return to that
Mecca of the restless when. his arrest
took place. A policeman, however, de
clared that he had seen Hickey at least
a week ago dawdling on Market street,
and that on Monday night two cigar
stores on that thoroughfare were bur
glarized by means of just such imple
ments as those found in the defend
ant's pockets. So the court pro
nounced Hickey guilty of vagrancy
and ordered him to appear to-day for
sentence.
James Smith, accused of disturbing
the peace of a Montgomery-avenue
concert hall, was reprimanded and dis
charged by Judge Mogan. The specific
offense charged against Smith waa that
he spoiled the intended effect' of a
sentimental song warbled by Miss Jen
nie June, mezzo-soprano, and entitled,
" 'Tls Better to Have Loved and Lost
a Short Man Than Never to Have
Loved at All." As the lady sang the
touching verses Smith shattered the
harmony by butting in with a vocal ac
companiment that was akin to the
bellowing of a bereaved bull calf, and,
as all efforts to silence him were futile,'
his arrest wa3 necessary. The man
agement of the show did not desire, to
have Smith severely punished, at
tributing his conduct to ignorance
rather than malice, and the court was
responsively merciful.*
Philip J. Kelly was pronounced
guilty of failing to provide for his
minor child and Judge Fritz will sen
tence him to-day. He is father of three
children and his wife testified that her
labor alone supports them.
Florian Andre, milkman, was also far
advanced in bewilderment as he tried
to tell Judge Mogan the details of the
robbery case in which he was the com
plaining witness. But his mental con
dition was of alcoholic origin- He al
leged that on Wednesday morn
ing of last week he was way
laid and robbed of a purse
containing about JSO while he was pro
ceeding along Stevenson street, be
tween Third and Fourth, and that the
men who held him up were Edward
Woods, Harry Scott and Edward
Burke. The case was called for hear
ing at 11:30 o'clock Tuesday, but
Andre did not appeaT, and an attach
ment was issued for him. When he
did appear yesterday his manner plain
ly indicated recent over-indulgence In
stimulants, and his testimony was so
incoherent as to make every one con
nected with the trial extremely ner
vous. He confessed that on the day
and night preceding the alleged rob
bery he had been circulating all over
the city, collecting money for milk and
spending it for Intoxicants. The Judge
gave him until this morning to bunch
his scattered wits.
Utterly ignoring the Interruption,
Margery continued her glib narration
to the end and then replied to the
Judge's questions with a promptness
that could not have been excelled if
they had been anticipated. Nor did she
once glance at Mary, whose faculties
seemed to be more than ever befogged
when the case was concluded.
Margery's testimony unchained the
Hansen girl's tongue, but did not cause
visible recession of her eyes. Beings
more antipodal in temperament than
the two young maidens never con
fronted each other. Margery was not
in the least daunted by her environ
ment, but looked the Judge straight
in the face and told her story with as
much calmness as if she were rehears
ing a commencement oration. Mary,
with hands clasped and every feature
reflecting perturbation of spirit, looked
at the unruffled Margery with an ex^
presslon of horror. It was Margery's
assertion that she never heard her
guardian chide Mary that loosened
Mary's organ of speech.
"Why, Margery Joyce," she suddenly
burst out, "you know that's a story,
and you knerw, Margery, how wicked
It is for you to say such things."
Little Miss Hansen, although sup
ported on either side by. the presence
of a parent, was so stricken by stage
fright as she sat upon the witness
stand that her tongue refused its of
fice. She tried to answer the questions
addressed to her in kindly tone by the
Judge, but the best she could do was
to gasp, while her eyes protruded and
her hands trembled. When her mother
attempted to prompt her the defend
ant's attorney thundered a protest that
increased the child's confusion and
when the court upheld the objection
and substituted the matron in the chair
the girl clung to her side. Mrs. Han
sen briefly repeated the complained of
epithets — they - are unfit for publica
tion — and her htfsband earnestly cor
roborated. The defendant asserted that
instead of her having said uncompli
mentary things to any of the Han
sens, she had been fairly deluged with
unprintable remarks by every member
of that family and her foster daughter,
Margery, twelve years of age, was
ready to testify to the same effect.
Mrs. Annie B. Joyce, whose attorney
proudly introduced her as the owner of
five blocks of valuable realty, was
found guilty of addressing offensive
language to fourteen-year-old Mary
Hansen of 375 Naglee avenue and will
be sentenced to-day by Police' Judge
Mogan.
"It was this way," Grace Hummel
tenberg whispered to Judge Mogan as
she leaned across the bench to reach
his ear. ."You see I ain't accustomed
to champagne — a little beer is all I
ever touch — but there waa notning
else to drink at that party and they
would insist. I didn't want to be un
sociable, you know, and — well, I guess
the cop has told you the rest."
Miss Hummeltenberg was notified
to reappear next Monday and ascer
tain whether her story has been sub
stantiated by investigation.
"No snakes?" Inquired the bench.
"It was to avoid them I came here,"
said Smith, "for I knew that another
day of boozln' would be sure to bring
'em. Snakes would mean my finish.
I detest 'em."
After twenty-four hours' total ab
stinence Mr. Smith will be turned
adrift to meet temptation fairly in the
face and laugh at It.
"I was beginning to see things," he
stated to Judge ! Mogan. "The blue
giraffe that followed me from Market
and Kearny streets to the Hall of Jus
tice disappeared when I entered the
elevator, but two pink parrots and a
ring-tailed zebra were with me all
night in the cell."
John Blackwood had a lucid Inter
val and realized that inability to pro
cure Intoxicants would be his only
means of resuming sobriety, so he had
himself arrested 'and charged with
vagrancy.
One day, about six months ago,
Peter Bargonas, teamster, hurled a
heavy rock at the head of a fellow
workman, but the missile missed its
intended mark and collided with the
skull of "W. H. Curtis, a passing citi
zen, inflicting such a severe injury
that Curtis was confined to the hos
pital several weeks. Bargonas pleaded
absence of malicious intent and as
Curtis seemed less eager to prosecute
than to have his doctor's bill paid by
the defendant Judge Mogan contin
ued the case from time to time in or
der to allow a settlement on that ba
sis. For several months Bargonas
regularly paid Curtis a portion of the
surgeon's account, but at last he re
fused to pay any more and it was for
thus violating his agreement that
Judge Mogan yesterday ordered that
he be placed in custody. The case will
be heard next Friday.
Samuel Green, a barber who sent an
obscene picture to a candy girl, was
found guilty of offensive conduct and
will be sentenced to-day by ¦ Judge
Fritz. The defendant declared that he
did not send the picture and that the
picture he was alleged to have sent
was an advertisement for a patent
medicine and is in unrestricted circu
lation. But he failed to make good his
plea by producing a duplicate of the
advertisement, although he h*id been
given ample time to procure one.
she must either obtain a permit to sell
liquors or cease selling them.
• • «
"Early to bed and early to rise" is
not the motto of the lodging-house at
35 Turk street, wherein George Curry,
grlpman, shot and killed his faithless
wife on July 5. When the case of
Curry was called In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday three witnesses who
live in the house failed to respond and
bench warrants were issued for Miss
Martin," Miss Batchelor and Joseph
Deane, all of whom were found asleep
by the officer who went to bring them
in. They were ordered Into custody,
with bail fixed at $10 apiece, and in
formed that if they do not appear this
morning they will be kept in jail un
til the examination is concluded.
Public to Be Given Chance
to Hear Noted Speakers
Now at State University
Health Board Seeks to Put
Blame on Supervisors Be
cause Samples Are Ignored
Fourteen Witnesses Testi
fy Against Pickets Sent
Out by the Stablemen
State Board Is Pleased at
Predicament of Kings of
Finance Who Overreached
Police Court Environment Terrifies Fourteen Year-Old
Mary Hansen So That She Cannot Speak, While Mar
gery Joyce, Two Years Her Junior, Displays Equanimity
LEARNED MEN
WILL LECTURE
SOME SUPPLIES
ARE REJECTED
BANK LICENSES
AR E BELOW P AR
MANY STORIES
OF ONION ACTS
TWO LITTLE GIRLS SHOW
ANTIPODAL TEMPERAMENT
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY U, 1001.
9
GBAPE-NTTTS.
J NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A "Hair- saver" that crews In popularity.
Nk wer.cs Herpicide
Tha ORIGINAL remedy that "fcfila tha Dandruff Qena."
CxOINGv! GOl^IG* ! ! GQNE III
lEBMCIK WaTsAlE IT. IOMCI0E Will SITE IT. TM UTI FBI lUWlCf. '
NOT A HAIR-GROWER
ki i. t u i .i _t« * L' ¦;¦••¦"¦ halr-papUla, Thartfera, tha only rattoaal treat-
Ntwbro's Hcrpidtfa will —t grow halr-narurt ment It to destroy tha causaof thtdlsaasa. Here*
does this— but by dtstroytogthaalcroblc enemies Icldedoestnls; It cures dandruff, stops falUnr
of hair health the hair Is bound to crow as nature hair ami relieves Itching. A delightful hair
Intended ; except in chronic baldness. It requires dressing. Gives extraordinary results. Try It
Brij ttarn, SIM. Stti 10c, steps, to KBtftttfiE CO. Bill I. DlMl Hkiu f» a M^
AaruflT.TVTT:TJTa.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
le *oy «na Clayton; Ertella andBatoatta
D'Arville; Cunnlnjrnam asd Smith;
*F. a "y Seebaci and Orphatun Motion
Plctnres.
Last Times of Green and Werner; Lalgh
Brothers: Gillihan and Murray and
VALERIE BERGEBE AND COMPANY,
Presenting "HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
Regular matlne«9 every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 2>C
and 50c.
Commencing; NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
ROSE COGHLAN
AND COMPANY
In Her One-Act Playlet,
"BETWEEN MATUTEE ATSTD NIQHT."
CALIFORNIA
j^B ALL THIS WEES. 1^
g BARGAIN MATINEE SATURDAY.
|J 23c and 5Cc. \]
11 The hilariously funny comedy. { J
THE HON.
I JOHN NORTH |
|c By Herh«rt Basbford. tl
II Presented by our Favorite Comedian. 1
rl L. R. STOCKWELL, "
If NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT-Openta* ¦
M of Special Melodrama Season — "A II
II THOROrOHBRED TRAMP." Special ll
« Popular Prices, Li
& 15c, 25c, 50c. . f
MATINEE SATURDAY.
M «- JiAST 3 HXQHT»
I A RjjrO of A. C. Gunter-t
I U Ifi I 1 Famous Drama.
¦HU "«• BABNES
a&sa NEW YORK
NEILL, COMFT Ilklf I UIIIX
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES— 13c. 25c and 60a.
Beat Reserved Seat In* Orchestra. POc
1 I VU LI house.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
ROBIN iH
HOOD '"™
IIUUIl CHORUS
Pnmtaa4« Clrsl*. 34 Tlon. Smoksri' PuUIm
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUKNINO.
Usual TItoII Prices — 23c. COc. T3c
Seats Always Sellln*;— Only MaUne« Sat.
f*iftl 1 1MB I A SWFSWCSETS
%#%?**'<%?SffI£$4f4 IfJlDIM THMH5
THIS AND NEXT •WEEK.
Nlrhtly, Excepting Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAYS ONLT. |
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Her Greatest Comedy Succesa.
COUSIN KATE
By Hubert Henry DaTiaa. . . L- ¦
BEATS SELLING FOR SECOND WEEK.
July 25— HENRY MILLER,
ALCAZAR TEST
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
\A/HITE | And tt> Alcazar Stock Co. 1
WHITTLESEY
« n 15 A SUMPTC0C3 REVIVAL 07 nav
Heartsease
"ffffl do a bis week." — Chronicle.
"No on* will ever regret seeing; TleartseaM*
at the Alcazar." — Post.
ETft--. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. ft Sat., ts« to lUg
Next Monday— WHITE WHITTLESEY In taa
Fascinating Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA. %
CENTRAL*!?
Market st.. near Eighth. Phon* South B33.
I U-nilUll I . Matin*** sat. and Baa.
The Tremendously Successful Comedy-Drams.
of Horn* Life.
ALONG THE MOHAWl
A Sensational Political Battle!
A Thrlllta* Editorial Campaign!
A Py rot echn teal Election Day I
DDIPCC Evenings 10c to BOo
rKllCJ Matinees 10c. Me. 25a
Next— Mammoth Production of All Irish Playa.
\ "I, -A LUCKY BTOHS." • .t
¦WAS THERB EVER SUCH A ' -
UJTANXMOUS VEKDICT?
READ AND REFLECT.
Ashton Stevens: "Out of the first act alone
I had mor« than 30 cents* worth."
Peter Robertson: "New star* made a hit."
Blanche Partlngton: "New players score a
hit."
Elinor Croudace: "One of the moet attract-
ive shows In town."
Charles H. Warren: "New people fully up
to expectations."
Max Bergheim: "Von anfang xu eade rait
einem, urkomlschen humor gesplckt."
"THAT'S AX.X»"
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
Next Attraction— "Tha Whirl of tha Town."
.....
Hlarb-Claia Specialties Everr Aftaznoon
and Ertnlnff In tha Tneataz.
TO-NIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
— Ccncludlnx With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD.
Two YoTuitr Iiecpards la tna Zoo.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning Ask for The Chute*.
The Weekly Call
61 per Yea?.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,£
Fitters
For Cramps, Diarrhoea or Bowel
Complaint there is no medicine will
afford relief quicker than the Bitters.
Take a dose at the first symptom and
avoid unnecessary suffering. It also
cures Nausea, Indigestion, Dyspepsia
and Malaria, Fever and Ague.
*l
WPETITCAMERA
jfNowat a Low Price
|5!ze. f 3.x4V,listed^ *J
My pricconly |
Big Reductions on Poco and u
forona Omens mSerc&l 'Sizes J
Sunset Bazaar J
42 Third St. Sah Francisco _Jf
j COURT Lounging
fllm room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r -~ - 4 PALM ROOM, tho
tinHIQ LOUIS XV PAR.
ui uuu LOR and the j^
W^^I,, DIES* WRITING
1 Hotels room-
AMUSEMENTS.
/789=/9O4
Fall of the Bastile
Mechanics' Pavilion
THURSDAY, JULY 14.
THE O2T&T CEIiEBRATXOir
UNDER THE AUSPICES OV THB
rBENCH SOCIETT.
Literary Exercise* 1:30 p. m.; Games, etc
Concert 8 p. in.
All Night Ball. 10 p. m.
ADMISSION— 35 easts.
ETEBraro— 60 casts.
6O-cent Tickets purchased in afternoon win
be honored at night. .
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
At RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison 8treeta.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAT and FRIDAY.
3:30 p. m. . >: • .•
SATURDAY. 3 d. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 o. tn.
Ladles Free Thursday and Friday.
Advance sale of teats at 5 Stockton at.
Poor Memory
means poorly fed
Brain
The sore, safe way to a strong
active money-making brain is
to feed it on
Grape-Nuts
10 days* use will tell you some facts.Californian Wins at Tennis.
It Is reported that upward of 2,000,000
tons of waste sugar cane are .available
In the Hawaiian Island annually, suit
able for the manufacture of certain
grades of paper. The problem of dis
posing of this vast accumulation has,
in the absence of any local paper plants
been partially solved by Its being con
sumed as fuel"" for the motive power
used on the sugar plantations. It is
suggested that this Information may be
useful to paper manufacturers
throughout the United States.
Paper From Sugar Cane "Waste.
Berlin has probably one of the most
peculiar ornaments for a reading-room
that has ever been seen In a similar
position in a civilized country. This is
a gravestone which stands, large and
massive, in one corner of a small room.
It is not only a gravestone, but is in
its legitimate position at the head of
a grave. The history of its location In
the house is interesting. It was not
put up in the house, but the house was
built around . the stone. Its original
position was in the burial grounds of
the churchyard of St. Hedwig's.
Library Built Around Tombstone.
Who owns the costliest residence in
all New York? A New Yorker? Never!
Just an immigrant from the West; a
one-time peddler of clocks. Senator
William A. Clark. "Billy" Clark, the
copper king; "Major" Clark of the Nez
Perces campaign of 187S, whose income
Is over $l : 500,000 a month. The mansard
roof of the Clark palace on the High
lands of Fifth avenue Is being sheathed
in copper from the owner's mines. The
walls are constructed of marble from
his own quarries. In the basement are
Itussian and Turkish baths, etc., and
on the second floor are the art gallery
and dining-room. The gallery will con
tain many of the celebrated paintings
of the world, and the house and its
contents will represent an outlay of
$8,000,000. So much for copper.— New
York Press.
Costliest Residence in New York.
Now that this obstacle has been re
moved the work will be commenced
immediately. At the meeting last
night the directors voted to install new
showers and baths and to refit the
gymnasium with new apparatus and
add hot an steam rooms to the equip
ment of the club. New plumbing will
be installed throughout the building.
It was at first suggested that the. club
be closed while the work was in pro
gress, but the directors decided that
only the rooms where the work was
actually going on should be closed.
OAKLAND, July 13. — The Reliance
Athletic Club has renewed the lease
on the present quarters for five years.
At a special meeting last night the
board of directors decided to begin
the work of altering and renovating
the clubrooms and refitting the gym
nasium at once. The directors have
contemplated extensive improvements
in the quarters of the club for some
time, but the matter has been held In
abeyance until the renewal of the lease
was definitely settled.
RELIANCE CLUB WILL
BE 3IADE UP TO DATE
It was also decided to send the Los
Angeles Model Yacht Club a copy of
the local club's racing rules with a
view, to holding an intcr-club race in
the future. Mr. Todd, an enthusiast,
offered a directors' cup to be raced for
on September 9. All boats will be
measured next month and thereafter
races will be held under these meas
urements. [ zm
Enthusiast Offers a Valuable Cup to
y Be Raced for on Scp
/ texnber 9.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club last night some im
portant business was transacted.
Nearly all the active members were
present and the racing rules question
was threshed out. W. B. Collier pre
sented a new set of rules to govern
Sunday pennant races. It was decided
that these rules be tried in the next
three Sundaj's. If they meet with
the favor of the yacht owners they
will be offered by Collier as an amend
ment to the by-laws. \, .
SAILORS OF MODEL YACHTS
DISCUSS QUESTION" OF RULES
First race — Von Tromp, F. de Ma
rie, Dulcibella.
Second race — Adjidaumo, Cock
Robin, W. Cleary.
Third race— Jane Holly, Glisten,
Lady Potentate.
Fourth race—Tradition, Augur, Bill
Bailey II.
Fifth race — Bad News, South Trim
ble, Toboggan. T 4 K
Sixth race — Von Tromp, Fleur de
Marie, Linda Lee.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— The eighteenth
annual ! meeting of the Pacific Coast
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association
will be held in this city on August 3,
4, 5 and 6. This meet will bring to
gether all the best trotters now cam
paigning In the State and as an in
centive to the owners $14,000 In stakes
will be offered. The most prominent
horsemen in the State are members of
thfe association. More than 250 horses
will be entered. These animals are
now at Pleasanton, Los Angeles, Santa
Rosa, Santa Ana, this city and other
places. .* . :^ * \;
The event of the meet will' be the
Breeders' Futurity stakes for two and
three-year-olds,_.which is worth 56000.
In the three-year-old class the stake
is worth $3200 and in the two-year-old
class $1350. Arrangements for the meet
were- perfected to-day at a meeting of
local horsemen and business men. The
use of Agricultural Park was tendered
the association and a sum of money
also contributed to the stakes. There
will be three trotting races each day
and the best speed programme ever
presented in this city is promised.
Great Sport Is Expected When the
Thoroughbreds Strive for Hon
ors Next Month.
TROTTING HORSES WILL
COMPETE AT SAN JOSE
First Race— Lord Dlxon, Girdle
stone, Lady Lasco.
Second Race — Rag Tag, Van Ness,
Mayor Johnson.
Third Race — Dalvay, Miss —Craw
ford, Canteen.
Fourth Race — Kurtzmann, Lalonde,
Cigarllghter.
Fifth Race — Joe Lesser, Birch
broom, Lacy Crawford.
Sixth Race — Major Mansir, Don't
Ask Me, Mezzo. j
Seventh Race — Frivol, Frank Me,
Harry New.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Hlrschey 102, Plank 190. Helrgood 141, Bel«er
177, King 171. Budd 179. n«Mhel 182. barrett
196. Lawton 188. Rohrer 183. Sievers 185 Mann
176 E. W Maxwell 1S5. Jones 179, Mackey 183
Gilbert 191. Cunningham 181, Gottleib 176!
O'Brien 178. Skelly 15S, Allen 169, Moffatt 182
Ehawver 180. Beggn 184, Huddleson 165, Ilad-
J^ d i' 3 ' aoaiea 1«. Anderson 182. McKenzle
1C6. Yonkman 188. Buddeson 175. Murray 163
Caldwell 1C6 Farmer 120. Clayton 191. Tlpton
168. Stone 177. McGee 136 Waddlngton 173
it-ThS" m: Mlller 177i *°> ce i**. **ndlii
The Denver cup, an event of twenty
targets, was won by Mann. Six con
testants made straight scores of twen
ty targets and in the shoot off at flva
targets Mann was the only one who
made a clear score.
DENVER. July 13. — The second
ddy of the Grand Western handicap
tournament was productive of splen
did scores at the traps. The feature
was the shooting of J. W. Garrett of
Colorado Springs, who scored 196 out
of a possible 200. He broke 110 tar
gets before making a miss. Garrett
and A. J. Lawton, also of Colorado
Springs, are tied on high average for
the two days, each having S77 tar
gets out of a possible 400 to his credit.
To-day's shooting consisted of twelve
events of fifteen and twenty targets.
Forty-four marksmen participated in
the entire twelve events. The sum
mary follows:
Colorado Springs Crack Is IHeh Man,
Scoring 196 Out of a Pos
sible 200/
GARRETT' 3IAKES A GREAT
RECORD AT THE TRAPS
First race, six furlongs — Escutcheon 112.
Dulclbella 109, Sysonby 102. Von Tromp 102.
SiliKht 102. Priority 102, Cashier 102, Shep
herdess »9. Fleur de Marie 90. (Sysonby and
Von Tromp, Keene entry.)
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase
Walter Cleary 153, Gascar 153, Cock Robin 153
Adiidaumo 153. Perion 153. Tireless 153 East
K<-lston 153. Nejjonset 15C. Silver Twist 14G.
Good and Plenty 132, Bermuda King 146.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Bolina 100, Nine Spot 106, Gaviota 106, Flara
10G. Jano Holly 106. Widow's Mite 106 Elsie
L 106, Flammula 10-1, Divination 102. Lady
Potentate -101, Athlana 101, Turquoise Blue 99
Glisten 96. For Luck 94. Inquisitive Girl 94,
Toi San 94.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Winged Foot
handicap— Tongorder 121, Augur 119, Red Friar
117. Tradition 118, Buttling 108, Pasadena 10S
BUI Bailey II 95. (Tongorder and Tradition,
Pa^et entry.)
Fifth race, mile and a furlong — Toboggan
111. South Trimble 111, Old England 110 Bad
News 10S.
Stxth race, five and a half furlongs —
Glcn^cho 107. Sysonby 107, Von Tromp 107,
Charles Elliott 107. Cairngorm 107. Silight
107, Glowstar 107. Pacetti 107, Gowanus 107.
Father D 107. Gotowln 104. Linda Le» 104
Good for Nothing 104, Fleur de Marie 104
Benlala 101. (Sysonby and Von Tromp, Keen*
entry-)
Weather clear; track drylnr.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
First race^ — Wakeful, Lady Lou,
Fnir Una.
Second race — Rose Court, Debbie
May, Selected.
Third race— Violin, King's Trophy,
Colonel White.
Fourth race— Copperfleld, Just So,
Montebank.
Fifth rac<? — Pretension, Hymettus,
Dave Sommers.
Sixth race— Leenja, Caithness, Zella
Knight.
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
Western Club Election.
ALAMEDA, July 13.— The Western
Athletic Club gave its second vaude
ville entertainment in the Neptune
Gardens Wigwam this evening. Last
evening the semi-annual election of
the club was held and the following
were chosen officers: President. F. J.
Croll; vice president, E. G. Williams;
secretary, E. von Tagen; treasurer,
Henry Vollmer; . captain, Edward
Hartley; lieutenant . captain, Edward
Lovejoy; sergeant'at arms, G. B. Hart
ley Jr.; executive committee, F. A.
Stahl, E. von Tagen and Edward
Lovejoy.
Habit is the deepest law of human
nature.— Carlyle.
ST. LOUIS. July 13. — The Hlrara
College basket ball team of Hiram,
Ohio, won the college championship
basket ball contest, open to colleges
of the world, which was held at th»
Stadium to-day.
Hiram College Team Wins.
TELEGRAPHIC SERVICE FOR
POOLROOMS TO BE RESUMED
Wires Will Again Be Installed and tha
Gamblers of Xcw Orleans
Are Happy.
NEW ORLEANS, July 13.— The local
poolrooms, it was announced to-day,
are again to receive telegraphic de
scriptions of races on the various
tracks of the country. Letters from
New York said the service would ba
resumed after July 21 and the rooms
were notified to remit to H. D. Dealy;
of New York, who was formerly in
charge of the racing department oi
the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany. Since the Western Union issued
its sweeping order In May the pool
rooms have been using a service fur
nished by special correspondents and
a telephone company.
The telephone service is to be disi
continued after the 20th. No details
have been given to the poolroom peopla
as to the manner in which the servico
is to be handled and no mention of tha
Western Union Is made in the note.
The poolrooms will be closed here oa
the first of September, under the new?
Louisiana law, unless they decide to
test the statute recently passed.
Alameda Boat Clnb Officers.
ALAMEDA, July 13. — Officers were
elected by the Alameda Boating Club
last night as follows: President, Al
bert Kihn; vice president, Fred S.
Cone; treasurer, A. G. Bell; secretary.
Frank E. Browning; captain, B. J. Ly
ons; lieutenant captafn, George Tup
per; sergeant at arms, F. M. Shay; ex
ecutive board, John J. Hammond, W.
S. Gillogly, Frank Hunt; mascot, Paul
Bunker. Several crews will be en
tered by the Alameda Boating Club in
the rowing regatta to be hejd on Lake
Merritt on Admission day.
The Bell Telephone Company, as
shown by Its annual report for 1903, 1
earned $16,554,632, paid *S,619,550 in div
idends and carried a reserve surplus
of $1,945,514.
Those who complain most are most
to be complained of.— M. Henry.
First race, five furlongs — Sly Musette 100,
Enchanter 105, Bryan 102, Oceaner P5, Lord
Dixon 110. Lady Lasca 97. Albert Fir 105.
Chum 02, Plrella 07, Judge Saufley 96. Rainey
B 92. Lydla Menders 92, Monte 105. Eckstein
92. Captain Neroth 100, Girdlestone 100.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Long More
100. Marco 100. Jake 104. Silent Water 86,
Viola Si>. Singing Master 01. Ahola 94. Orfeo
95, Peter J 101. Ethel Wheat 95, Rag Tag 111,
Mayor Johnson 102, Van Ness 111.
Third race, one mile — Canteen 98, New Mown
Hay 110, Peter J. Somers 103, Exclamation
107. Schoolmate 104, Kdward Hale 103, Dalvay
103. Emperor of India 100. Phil Finch 100,
Miss Crawford 105. Bearcatcher 116.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Cigar
Lighter 100 Padre 100. Blue Bird 103. Lady
Ellison 07. Roycroft 100. Allen Avon 104, La
Londe 106, Kurtzmann 120, The Mist 100. The
Belle 97. ,
Fifth race, one and & sixteenth miles, sell
ir.g— Birch Broom 103, Joe Lesser 111. Har
rison 105, Crestfallen 105. Lacy Crawford 98,
Rossmond 105, D. L. Moore 08. Tancred 117.
-Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Handley Cross 105, Mezzo 101, Royalty
100, Mamselle 101, Don't Ask Me 103, Louis
ville 98. O'Hagen 105. Major Mansir 100.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Frank Mac 105, Russian 105, Harry New
10S Nitrate 103, Bluemlnt 98, Frangible 105,
Tawas-103, Frivol 98. Jack Doyle 100.
Weather clear: track fast.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Argosy 103, Wakeful '103, Annisquam 100, Son
ya 101, Lady Sellers 101. Madras 100. Fair Una
100. Voltage US. Fay Sharp 95. Lady Lou 95,
Nettle George 95, Geneva Lee 95, McJetta 95,
Aspatia !>T>. Mary Maud 95.
Second race, six lurlongs. selling — Potter 107.
Caterpillar 105, Revenge Dare 104, Rosecourt
104, Howling Dervish 102. Feby Blue 102, John
II 101. Lady Contrary 09 Santa Ventura 99,
Gay American 00. Walterin 96, Selected 94,
Debbie May 91. Orla til. Fitzbrillar 105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Colonel
White 10S. Dave Stahl 105, Violin 105, Saranola
103, King's Trophy 103, Garrett Wilson 103,
Monaco Maid 100.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Copperfleld 106, Montebank 106. Just
So 07, Check Morgan 05.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Boundllng lOl.Sardian 101, Bugler 101, Hymet
tus 100. Dave Sommers 100, Pretension 94,
Trapsetter 68, Gayaso £8.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Gasllghtcr 103, Colonel Ballantyne 105, Barca
10.1 StraJer 103. Jerry Hunt 103. Frank McKee
100. Wolfram 100. Caithness 100. Leenja 100,
Kdgardo 97, Kolling Boer 97. Judge Cantrill 05,
Zella Knight U5, Compass 95, Murmur 93.
Weather clear; track fast.
FAIR GROUNDS ENTRIES.
Errors — Castro (4t. Campbell (2), Steelman.
Thlelman. Smith, R. Hall, Wilson. Earned
runs — Portland 2. Two-base hits — Blanken
ship, McCrrtdie, Raymond. T.hre*-base hit — ¦
Campbell. Sacrifice hit — McCreedie. Stolen
bases — Van Haltren, Smith. Drennan. Bases
on bells — Oft C. Hall 2, of Thielman 3. Struck
out — By C. Hall 2, by Thielman 2. Double
play — ThlMrran to Beck. Passed ball — Wilson.
Balk — C. Hall. Time of game — One hour and
fifty-elx minutes. Umpires — McCarthy and
McDonald.
Seattle 0 0 1 0 0 4 0 2 x— 7
Base hits 01220203 x— 10
Portland 1 0 O 0 0 O 2 O « — 3
Base hits 10100131 0 — 7
SUMMART.
AB. H. H. P. A. 1 AB. R. H. P.A.
Van IT.cf 4 0 0 3 1 Nadau.lf 2 10 2 1
Mohlr.llb S 1 1 4 4 AlcCre.rf 3 0 2 6 1
Delah.3b 3 10 3 1 Drnan.cf 4 0 2 10
Frisk,lf. 4 112 0 Beck.lb. 4 0 0 8 0
Blnkp.lb 4 1 IS* ORymd.es 4 1113
Hmith.rf. 4 2 .1 O— O Castro.2b 4 0 0 14
R.Hall.K 4 13 1 OCmpb.rJb 2 112 1
"Wilsoji.c 4 0 15 3 Stelmn.c 4 0 0 3 2
C.Hall.p 4 0 0 0 2 Thilmn.p 4 0 112
Tctals 3* 7 10 27 11 Totals 31 3 7 24 14
RUXS ANp HITS BT INNINGS.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 13. — Seattle
got down to work this afternoon and
gave the Dugdale contingent a good
shaking up. For five innings Dug
dale's men outplayed the locals, but
in the sixth they went up in the air
and made all sorts of errors, Castro
and Campbell leading the van. Char
lie Hall pitched a nice game. Thiel
man was not to blame for the loss of
the game. Score:
Seattle — 1 Portland —
Seattle Has an Easy Time After the
Sixth Inning.
PORTLAND GOES TO PIECES
Stolen b« E e»— Schlafley. Waldron. Miller
Birber. Error*— Schlafley. Devereaux Two
a? sssT Lk ss~"r z,f r HE
n" n J 1 "™.? cl £ co ri - °« klan « *• Struck o™-bT
Tlarber 2, by Cocper 2. Passed ball-liah/
Time of Einw-1 hcur SO minute* Umpired
SUMMARY.
RUXS A»fD HTTS BT INXINGS.
Oakland 000000 00 0-0
Ba«e hlU 00000000 oU>
Sen Francisco ...00 100000 x— 1
Base hits 1 0 1 I 0 1 0 0 x-4
After that there was no scoring.
Beth teams played sharp, brilliant
baseball and nearly every ball was per
fectly handled. Cooper twirled a mas
terly game for Oakland, but he had
not quite enough of luck on his staff
to carry him through. San Francisco
pulled off four base hits and, strangely
enough, three of these were doubles.
Oakland was slightly crippled by the
loss of Buck Francks, who is suffering
from a bad finger. He will probably
be a b«nch ornament for several days
at least. Dunleavy, however, was back
in the game again and made his pres
ence felt by robbing Tommy Leahy of
a two-bag drive out to the left field in
the seventh round.
Tom Browne, the star base runner
of bygone days and former idol of the
fans at the old Haight-street grounds,
appeared here for the first time as a
caller of balls and strikes. He worked
like a man who knows the stunt and In
every inning was right at the spot
where the most Important play was
being pulled off. The score:
San Francisco— Oakland—
Hllfibd.lf 4 0 110 KrTg'c? 3 0 0 2 0
Meanyrt 4 0 14 0 Schfly.2b 2 0 0 2 2
irwtaib. 4 0 <V S 0 Dunlvy.lf 3 0 0 2 0
S^' d -JL b ! 2 J B U>^rx.Sb .10 0 0 8
Xril!er.2b 2 0 0 4 BlMskmn.. 3 0 0 2 I
AMjr«n.« 2 0 0 2 liStrelb.lb S 0 0 10 2
t*ahy.c. 8 0 0 2 0 Byrnef.c 3 0 0 3 1
Barber.p.^3 J> J> 1 2jCooper,p. 8 0 0 0 1
Tot*l«.2S 1 4 27 1 Tots.ls.27 ~0 ~0 24 14
FIELDING IS SNAPPY.
Yesterday Barber used speed and
curves nearly all the time and most of
the opposing batsmen went to their
doom by the fly route. His fast ball
was a wonder and he had perfect con
trol of it all the time. When Schlafley
walked in the first inning the umpire
cave him a little the best of it and had
the latter been a trifle more lenient
Barber would have equaled the world's
record made by the great Cy Young a
few months ago.
Barber was accorded support of the
real 100-proof qualitj*. No one erred
in fielding and Anderson robbed |Dr.
Moskiman of a clean three-bag-gerl by
a remarkable catch In the second in
ning. Meany victimized the doctor out
of a double with another fine stab dur
ing round five when he scooped up a
red hot one that was coming at express
speed and making right for the fence.
Oakland erred twice and the first of
these misplays gave San Francisco her
run and the game. It all happened in
the third. Barber was safe on Schla
fley's fumble, but Waldron forced him
at second. Hildebrand laced a low
rakish boy out along the right field
line. ,The umpire said '"fair ball" and
maybe he was right, but it looked aw
fully close. Waldron tore over the
sacks and reached the pan a fraction
of a second before Byrnes picked up
the ball that Ganley whipped in from
right field.
USES A FAST BALL.
Something more than the return of
the home team was on the boards at
Recreation Park yesterday. It hap
pened in the form of a no run no hit
pame pitched by Barber, the latest ad
dition to the Harris corps of twirling
talent. One Oaklandcr got as far as
third base in the first inning of the
pame. After that it was the same old
tale of one, two, three. Score: San
Francisco 1, Oakland 0.
Barber's feat was the most remarka
ble one ever performed by a pitcher in
this city and one of the greatest that
any twirler ever had the honor to exe
cute. He walked Schlafley in the first
inning, but after that time not one of
his eppononts over got as far as first
base. When Ganley flew to Townsend
»nd thereby made the last out a wild
<~heer Trent up from the bleachers and
this cheer was for Barber, the man
discarded by Parke Wilson of Seattle
as one who numbered among those all
in.
It is the second time that, such a
feat has been performed at Recreation
Park. Billy Cristall turned it for Oak
land against Sacramento just two
years ago, but he walked six men In
ihat game and made a wild pitch, so
ihat his feat is not quite up to Berber's
mark. Last November Dr. Newton
shut Oakland out without a run. a hit
or a base on balls, but in that game
Third Baseman Smith made two er
rors, fo that Oakland got' two men od
the bags. /
Last evening Nelson invited a party
of friends for a 'bus ride to San Ra
fael. When near San Anselmo a bold
highwayman waylaid the party and at
the point of a six-shooter demanded
money and jewelry. Dave Barry seemed
to be the only moneyed man in the
crowd and parted with a large sum
and a handsome watch. This morning
Barry's property was returned to him,
but he does not appreciate the joke.
He accuses "Smiling" Mitzner of put
ting up the job, but the smiling one
pleads "not' guilty.
Nelson, Ted Murphy and Dave Barry
took a nine-mile Jog in the morning.
After working half an hour, in the gym,
in the early part of the afternoon all
hands proceeded to Escalle Baths,
where the remainder of the day was
spent.
Battling Nelson spent a quiet day at
his training quarters at Larkspur. The
weather was extremely warm and
trainer Murphy advised Nelson to ease
up a bit, as he does not wish him to
reduce too quickly.
During the last three days Hanlon
has confined his exercising to road run
ning, baseball and swimming. Tester
day he weighed 131 pounds, one pound
above the weight called for in the ar
ticles of his coming contest with Bat
tling Nelson. Eddie Intends to pursue a
different system for making the weight
for his next fight from that which he
has heretofore practiced. In the past
he has kept above the weight agreed
upon until a few days prior to the bat
tle, when he would begin to get rid
of his surplus avoirdupois. He now
plans to be below the weight at which
he is to meet Nelson until a few days
preceding the mill. Then he will com
mence to take on the ounces and
pounds that will meet the requirements
at welghing-in time.
Hanlon is but 19 years of age and
at present tips the scales at less than
he did a year ago. It was prophesied
by some of the little fellow's admirers
that before he was 20 years of age he
would have grown so that It would be
almost impossible for him to make 130
pounds and be strong, but thus far
Hanlon has experienced no difficulty in
fighting at 130 pounds and that without
loss of energy.
Eddie Hanlon will to-day do his first
gymasium work at his training quar
ters at Croll's Garden, Alameda.
He will punch the bag, jump the rope,
wrestle and box with his sparring
mates, Toby Irwin, Frank McDonald
and Joe Angell. The latter Is getting
himself in condition for a main event
to be fought with Frank Rafael be
fore the Sequoia Club of Oakland on
the 26th of this month.
I (National League.) i (American L«agu».)
' W. L. Pet.! W. L. Tct.
Xew York... 53 19 .73rt Boston 47 23 .«7l
Chicago 41 26 .620 New York... 41 28 .SIH
Cincinnati ..40 29 .579 Chicago 44 ."SO ..*.t>4
Pittsburgh . . .39 30 ..VJ3 Cleveland . . .37 2ff .561
St. Louia 36 34 .514 Philadelphia.. U7 32 .53S
Boston 27 46 .370lSt. Louts.... 29 37 -4."»
Brooklyn ...2S 48 .3t-'9 Detroit 23 4O .413
Philadelphia. 17 51 .250| Washington .. 13 55 .Itfl
AMERICAN .LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 13.— Bendefl
to-day broke the season's pitching rec
ord by striking: out thirteen^ men. Th«
game was closely contested and Chi-,
cago's failure to score'waa due to theis
inability to hit. Attendance. 5000. Score:
Chicago R o H 3 °i
Philadelphia s 7 a
Batteries— Altrock and Sullivan, Bender and
Schreck.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— Washington drov»
two pitchers out of th» box to-day an<J d«*
feated St. Loui». The fielding of Cassidy an*
McCormlclt and th« batting of Stahl wer*
features. Attendance. 1000 Score:
_.. ., , R. H. B.
Washington j> 13 1
St. Loui3 4 \\ j
Catteries — Patten and Kittredge; Pelty.
Howell. Slevcrs and Sugden.
BOSTON. July 13. — Brilliant flsldlng by
both teams made run* and -.i» Infrequent tr>.
day. Boston defeated Detroit becaus« of
Stovall's wildness. Score:
r, . n. h. n
Boston 3 s $
Detroit 2 7 9
Batteries — Young and Criger, Stovall and
Woods.
NEW YORK. July 13.— Although New Yor*
tried thre« pitchers against Cleveland tn to
day's san», the visitors won. Lajole's batting
and Hlckman'a fielding wer* th» features. At
tendance. 4 WO Scor*:
. ,. R - u - E-
Cleveland jr 17 4
New York « 3 14 4
Batteries — Bernhardt and Abbott; Griffith,
Chesbro, Clarkson and Klelnow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. July 13.— St. 1-cuis took th» ¦»©
ond gnm«- from Brooklyn. McFariand held th»
visitors down to four hits, bv Louis left mea
on bases in nearly every inning. Attendance.
2000. Score :
o , ' R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 12 I
Brooklyn 1 4 j
Batteries — McFariand and Zearfosa. Pool*
and Ritter. Umpires — Carpenter and Zlmmcr.
CHICAGO, July 13. — The locals batted
Wilhelm hard in the third and fifth, scoring
all their runs In those innings. Ever* and
Tenny carried oft the fielding nonors. Attend
ance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 7 11 1
Boston 4 7 1
Batteries — Weimar. Brigsrs and Klin?: Wil
helm, McNichols and Needham. Umpire —
O-Day.
CINCINNATI, July 13.— Errors by Dahlen
and Devlin allowed the Oinclnnatis to scor*
three runs in the first. Three hits. Including
a*double, gave the locals the winning run in
the eighth. Attendance. 3400. Score:
n. 11. h
Cincinnati 4 S 1
New York 5 9 3
Batteries — Walker and Schlei. McGinnltr
and Warner. Umpire^ — Emslie.
PITTSBURG. July 13.— Philadelphia fallW.
to get a hit until the sixth when Flaherty left
iluwn in his work. Spark* was easy and w xn
hit all, over the field. Attendance. 2S0O. S^trc:
R. 1*. B
Pittshrrs XI U 1
Philadelphia 0 6 1
Batteries — Flaherty and Smith. Sharks- ul
Dooin. Umpire — Moran.
STANDING OF THE CLUES.
STAJTIUNa OF THE CLTTBS.
(Pacific Coaet League.)
W. L. Pct.| W. L, Pet.
Taeeir.* C1 *'* .532 Oakland 51 60 .505
Seattle 57 44 .5t>4 San Fran 41 S3 .410
Lot Arreles.M 47 .634 Portland 3S 60 .3SS
TACOMA, July 13.— To-day's game
was close and exciting from start to
finish and v. as anybody's until the
j eighth, when "Truck" Eagan drove
I the first ball pitched to him out of the
| lot. St. Vrain twirled gilt-edged ball
and had Los Angeles wholly at his
mercy^xcept for Eagar's two-bagger
In the fifth inning, which drove in
Chase, who had walked. This was the
only clean hit of the day for the vis
itors.
The Tigers hit Hall freely, but had
poor success in bunching the hits, ex
cept in the fourth, when Nordyke's
three-sacker was followed by Eagan'B
timely single. McLaugrhlin's one-hand
high-jump catch of Smith's choice
drive to the left field fence in the
fourth was the feature. Score:
Tacoma — , Los Angeles —
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P. A.
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 1 Toman, s 4 0 0 2 2
Shchn. 3b 4 0 1 2 1 Flood, 2b 4 0 1 1 5
Nrdyk.lb 4 1 1 ti 1 Smith, 3b 3 0 1 3 ,1
Eagan, •. 4 1 3 3 S Brnrd. cf 3 0 0 3 0
Lynch, cf 4 0 1 0 0 Crvath.rf 3 0 0 3 0
«^a*ey. 2b 2 0 1 8 2 Chase, lb 2 1 0 8 0
M'Lgn. If 3 0 2 3 0 Hrshr, If 3 0 O 1 0
Gralim, c 2 O O 10 3 Eag&r. c. 3 0 2 3 2
St.Vrn, p2 0 0 0 0 Hall. p.. 2 O 0 0 2
'Spies...! 0 0 0 0
Totals. 29 2 0 27 11
I Totals. 23 1 4 24 12
•Batted for Hall In ninth.
RUXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles..... 0O0O1000 0 — 1
Base hits 1O1O1O1O 0 — 4
Tacoma 0 O O 1 0 0 0 1 x — 2
Bate hits 1--4. 0 3 0 112 x— 0
SUM MART.
Error — St. Vraln. Struck out — By St. Vraln
10. by Hall 1. Bases on balls— Off St. Vrain 1,
off Hall 2. Wild pitch— Hall. Stolen bases —
IXiyle. Flood. Two-base hits — Sheehan, Mc
laughlin, Kagan, Eagar. Three-base hit —
Nordyke. Earned runs — Tacoma 2. Sacrifice
hit — St, Vrain. Double play — Eagan to Casey
to Nordyke. Left on bases — Los Angeles 1,
Tacoma C. Time of game — One hour and fcrty
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Unknown Joker Puts Up Job
on Dave Barry and Camp
Joins in on the Laugh
After Schlafley Walks in
First Inning. Commuters
Never Reach First Base
Eagars Timely Two-Bagger
the Only Clean Hit Made
Off the Little Southpaw
Errors and Timely Bingle3
Allow Cincinnati Reds to
Beat New York Giants
GETS PERFECT SUPPORT
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;,
two-year-old fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
4 to 5— Candida. 110 (Hlldebrand) 2 2 2 12
5 to 1 — Peggy, 110 (Cormack) 1 12 28
8 to 1 — Delusion. 106 (O'Ncil) 8 4 6 3 2%
Time, 1:07 1-5. Start a farce. Won handily.
Winner, P. M. Zelgier's b. f. by Sir Dlxon-
Btack Heart. Salt and Pepper. Calmness,
Tyrolian. Lady Frances. Istria. Swiftfoot, Nel
lie Russell. Advance, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
b to 5 — Toboggan, 115 (Martin)... 2 1 % 1 2VV
5 to 1— Lord Badge. 103 (Burns).. 3 4 V, 2 »{
8 to 1— Spring. 108 (McCafferty). . 9 5 3 3«
Time. 1:4« 3-5. Start good. Won easily:
Winner. J. R. K^cne's br. h. by Kingston-
Glide. Sonoma Belle. Sweet Alice. Irish Witch
Grenade. Gold Saint, Witchcraft, Colonade
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; th«» Jamaica selling stakes'
Dotting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1 — Gay Boy. 115 (Burns).... 3 AM *5
:» to 1 — MaJ. Pelham. 102 (Hildbd) 4 li<,'5
7 to 1— inRold, 110 (Walsh) 8 5 h" 3 6
Time. 1:12 2-5. Start bad. Won driving
Winners, C. F. Hill's Gay Boy b. h. by St.
Havlour-Qrlie. and W. M. Shef'tel's Ma or Pel.
ham. b. c. by G. W.« Johnson-Strathmaid.
Counterpoise. Ascension. The Musketeer Tim
Payne. Divination, John F. Ishlana, Buckley,
finished as named. 'Dead heat.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Workman, 102 (Hlldebrnd) 3 2 1 h
3 to 1 — Tramator, 109 (Burns)... 5 4 1 2 5
5 to 1 — Gray Lad, 103 (Martin)... 4 3 Vi 3 5
Time, 107. Start poor. Won driving. Winner.
Patchogue Stable's blk. c. by Fatherless-Net
work. Ike S. Invader. Preen, Montlbello, Mer
ry George, Sailor Boy, Bisque finished as
named.
3 to 1— Bonfire. 122 (G.B.Wilson) 5 2 15 2 10
10 to 1 — Thornhedge 138 (Swllwll) 6 4 2 8 2
Time, 4:3a 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Sir. Cotton's b. g. by Radigree-Un
known. Libretto. Princess Chic, Wace, Terri
ble Terr}- finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About two miles, steeple
chase for hunters four years old and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
2 to 1 — Gortnagallon, 130 (O'Dnl) 7 11 18
The result of the close finish between
Gay Boy and Major Pelham in the
Jamaica stake to-day was declared a
dead heat and the stake was divided.
Major Pelham drew out on the far turn
and looked every Inch a winner until
Gay Boy was seen overhauling him.
The respective owners agreed to divide
and both racers were offered for sale,
but there were no bids.
The starting to-day was the worst of
the meeting. The steeplechase fur
nished its sensation when Thomas
Hitchcock's Terrible Terry, purchased
by his present owner at Morris Park,
fell at the first jump and was trampled
upon by one or more of the horses
which followed the leader. He has a
chance for his life. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; maiden three
year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4i» to 1— Shipshape. 105 (Phillips). 1 2 1 12
7 to 2— Tjron, 110 (Lyne) 11 7h 22
20 to 1 — Ti3e 107 (Burns) 4 3^3h
Time. 1:15. Start bad. Won ridden out.
Winner. A. Featherstone's ch. f. by On Deck-
Lily of the West. Belle of Portland, Pat Cas
tigan. Merry Moments, Lady Prudence, Louis
H, Wlnkaway, Bound Brook, Hatchet, Head
Lad and Mall finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. Y., July 13.
Whether it was . because James K.
Keene's Toboggan, who ran second to
Irish Lad in the Metropolitan Handi
cap, was meeting horses very much
inferior to those he met in that race
or in the Commonwealth handicap a
few days ago, the fact remains that
in no previous effort of this season has
this son of Kingston been so free in
his action and so full of running as
he was to-day. He handled his 115
pounds with ridiculous ease. "His Read
In his breast" and able at any time, he
ran away from Lord Badge, Sweet Alice
and others whom he was meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
sailing:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
IS to o — Leila. 92 (Greenfield) 7 3h 11
3 to 2— Woods Perry. fl« (Oregar).8 11 2 3
7 to 2— Sweetie, 99 (Ollphant)... .4 4 1^3n
Time. 1:411-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. A. Smith's ch. f. by Knlsrht of
EIlerslie-Fatima. Golden Mineral 101. Water
melon 9!». Prince of Plleen 10.*>, Klelnwood 102,
Falernlan 102, Langford James 99, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1 — Gold Enamel, 113 (Knapp).l In In
3 to 5— Flaxman. 114 (Prior) 3 4 2 2 1
8 to 1 — Mum. 105 (Helgesen) C 3 3 3 7
Time, 1:01. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. M. D. Miller's ch. c. bv Madison-Enamel.
BoloRr-a 110. Foxy Grandma 105. Devout 108.
The Gadfly 1CS, Mary Eleanor 105, Xed Turpln
1C5, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. ' Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
14 to 5 — English Lad. 101 (Nicol).. 3 3 1 11
4 to r — McGee 108 (Helgesen) ... .5 2 2^2 8
4 to 1 — Witful. 97 (Aubuchon) 4 46 3 8
Time, 1:40 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. Cook's ch. c. (3) by Requital-
English Lady. Soufriere S6, Huzzah 104, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACB— Steeplechase; short course;
handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
14 to 5 — Handvlce. 147 (Peters). 3 2 113
13 to 2— Golden Link. 142 (Crter) 5 4 2 2 3
3 to 1 — Cardigan, 140 (McAulff) 4 5 3 .1
Time, 3:34 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. G. Mitchell's blk. g. (6) by Han
over-Device. Fallella 132. Leo Planter 159
(fell), finished as named. Klnggalong 139 ran
out.
Time, 1:14 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Clay Bros.' ch. f by Sir Dixon-Laco
lonla. Dixie Lad 108 Proprietor 101. finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; -two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — M. Frances 100 (Olphnt) 4 5 11
7 to 2 — Investigation, 101 (Hcks) 1 1 n 2 2
40 to 1 — Before. 101 (Nicol) 2 4 1 8 n
Leo Planter fell heavily "in the jump
ing: race, breaking his leg and was
afterward destroyed. The track was
fast and the weather clear and warm.
A large crowd was In attendance. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Sir furlonga; selling ; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St \ Fin.
6 \° 1— Geranium. 100 (Olphant) 6 2^12
30 to 1— Gt. Eastern, 105 (HIgsn) 8 4 1 2 n
9 to- 1— Mansard. 115 (Thompsn) 4 3 2 3 6
Time, 1:14 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. C. McDowell's br. f. (3) by Laz
zarone-Galllard HI. Dusky 97. Mabel Wlnn
108. Ethel Abbott 92 Sad Sam 111. Redman
106, Shipping Port 103. Jackfull 108, finished
as named.
CHICAGO, July 13.— English Lad won
the fourth race, the feature event of
the Harlem card to-day, in one of the
most sensational finishes ever witness
ed on the track. ~ McGee was always
an odds'-on favorite, with English Lad
second choice and "Witful a close third.
All three of the choices ..were heavily
backed. Helgesen had the mount on
McGee, which affected the odds mate
rially. McGee, had, a good lead enter
ing the stretch, when Nicol set to work
on English Lad and In a terrific drive
finally won by a scant length. The
others -were outclassed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time. 1:49. Start good. Won driving. AVin
ner. P. M. Civill's b. g. (3) by Orlflamme-
Vanity. John Doyle 103. Miss Betty 98. Re
gina D 93, finished as named.
' SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pretension. 102 (McLghln) 3 1 Vi 1 Vt
6 to 1 — Athena. 9S (Davis) 4 4 2 2h
18 to 5— Kile. 102 (Anderson) 1 22 38
FIFTH RACE— On« mile; three-year-olds
and up :
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jookey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5 — Branca*. 97 (Austin) 1 1 nk 1 ns
f) to 2— Light Opera.100 (McMiln) 4 2 7 2 4
10 to 1— Neversuch, 100 (Fischer). 3 4 2 8 1H
Time. 1:45%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. Gerst's ch. c. (3) by Knight of
Ellerslle-Bracket. Byron Rose 102, Patches
103, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; threo-ye*r
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
2 to 1— Elastic, 121 (Dale) 1 81 11
10 to 1— Otto Stifel. 97 (Fischer). 4 13 25
3 to 1— M. Mae Day, 100 (Troxlr) 7 41 3 i£
Time. 1:16%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, I*. Lemp & Co.'s b. b, (7) by Golden
Garter-Miss Modred. St. Agnes II 84, Glen
nevis 100, Stand Pat 104. Clear the Arena 94,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up: -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Worthlngton, 106 (Wilson) 4 2 3 11
6 to 1— Second Mate, 101! (Flschr) 5 4 % 2 3 *
12 te 1— King's Charm, 99 (Blake) 9 713 2
Time. 1:31. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. H. Goldblatt's gr. g. (5) by St.
Julian-Ida Gleen. Hazel H 09. Tenny Belle 90,
Tickful 101, Sclaper 101. Th« Hebrew 95. Flor
estan 104, St. Vltus 104, Lord Haven- 99, fin
ished aa named.
Time, 1:07. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Straus & Co.'s b. c. (2) by Dr. Mc-
Brlda Caddie C. Bavarian 95, Bradvarlin 103,
Pillar D8, Preventativo 98, Dromle 103, fin
ished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 13.— The betting ring
here sustained a fearful blow at the
hands of the talent. Several winners
were at biff prices in the books, but
were played heavily, notwithstanding.
Elastic, many times a winner at the
meeting, again showed his high class
as a sprinter by beating Otto Stifel,
Miss Mae Day' and other good ones.
Weather clear; track fast. Attendance,
5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlong; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «£ Fin.
80 to 1— Pcmpey, 106 (Vanderbout) 1 Tllni
16 to 1— Billy Moore. 108 (Doan). 3 2 125
7 to 1— Yellow Hammr. 93 (Dksn) 5 9 *5 3 1 tf
Tltno. 1:S2%. Start poor. "Won driving.
Winner. H. S. Efear & Co.'s br. g. (5) by LJs
sak-Loulse. Little Corker 104, Bash Smith S3,
Carley'8 Dream 107, Hinsdale 110. Dr.- Kier
107, Edith Boss 97. Vassal Dance 106, Torlo 90,
Hugrunetta 88, Algonquin 96, Prince Hoadlejr
107, finished as named. % -
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds: . ' .
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
lOtol— Mellwood. 103 (Undsey). 5 1 6 4-8
7tol— F. Prlesmeyer, 101 (McMn) 2-5 8 21
40 to 1— Anadarco, 101 (Perslnger) 3 4 13 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROBBERY AT LARKSPUR
WASHINGTON HITS HARD
ST. VRAIN IS A PUZZLE
The Others Never Have a
Chance When He Starts
Running.
Barber Pitches Ball That
Will Win Him Fame
Wherever Game Is Played
Native Son Now Tips Beam
at 131 Pounds, Though He
Has Not Yet Worked Hard
Connie Mack's Huge Indian
Pitcher 31akes a New Rec
ord Against the Chicagos
"Truck" Helps Tigers to Win
When He Lines Ball Out
of Reach of the Fielders
St. Louis Bettors Are Wise
and All Play the Long
Shots.
English Lad the Star of
the Day at Harlem
Track.
HANLON MAKES
WEIGHT EASILY
PERFORMS FEAT
OF THE SEASON
BENDER FIDES
THIRTEEN MEN
EACAN'S HOMER
BREAKS UP GAME
JAMES R. KEENE'S TOBOGGAN
MAKES SHOW OF HIS FIELD
PITCHER BARBER RETIRES OAKLAND MINUS A HIT OR A RUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 / THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
He that hath no heart ought to have
ieels.
When,; teeth lap over, can they be
properly referred to as box-pleated?.
They talk, of the unreasonable Jeal
ousy of, married men; Some of them
are cot Jealous enough
The bubenic plague, which always
exists in India, has become epidemic,
and is now destroying 40,000 persons a
week. . _^
The entire French wheat crop for 1903
was 126.256,<00 hectoliters (358,313.663
bushels). This is the largest harvest
ever gathered, with the exception of
the years 1ST4, 1838 and 1£99. ...
Atlantic liners to the number of fifty
have ! wireless telegraph apparatus to
communicate with forty-eight land sta
tions. Sixty British and twenty-four
Italian war vessels are so equipped.
NIAGARA ON THE LAKE, On
tario. July i3._The Canadian tennis
championships were begun to-day on
the courts of the Niagara Tennis Club.
In " the men's singles, " preliminary
round, R. G. Hunt, California, beat
VDoherty" Bridge, 6-1, 6-1. I. H.
Waidner. Chicago, beat George Wag
ner, Buffalo, 6-1, 6-1. \
10
AjyEBTTgT™T*TTT3.
SOSESandULCESS fT%
SHOW A BAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD W^ m
When the blood is in bad condition a braise, cut, mA \tf
scratch, or any slight injury to the flesh, is apt to become !£$¦$? y V
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer. Sometimes a boil, blister XLXr-jSk
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open, •j'^^y^
discharging sore. Often the blood is naturally bad, and *$|| ¦&&§§§&
is that way from birth, and such people suffer with van- §JBH3£*illf 1
ous kinds of sores from infancy through old age. The /^•KSlwPrtKR'V •
blood may become so weak
and watery from the effects of h^k 01 ? 100 ?^ 11 •?*••*•* °* tha c»lf of my right
malarial sickness, debility or
some old chronic trouble, that JJir/li "I'tSi* f 7lt arWM * « olld « or « ft" 0 ™
., . ... - •••#•»., kua*. calf to ankle, and I then be can a s a and 1
the impurities break out in Amprored rapi'dly. but aa attack of tVphoidSvei
bad sores on the lower ex- 5S££Sft» 1 ?J5i"2«'S!*? *°Y* causm* »1>Mk«et. 3
tremities or other part of the ™l™&*\?£ZSZ£Z^?£ti*™'™*
body. There is always some ' il . „ MKS. X. a. dxtfpt,
morbid, unhealthy matter in W«w Castle, Pa. 214 Washington Bt
the blood tha>4ceeps the sore discharging, and must begotten out before i1
S^'^ y^M heal. Washes and salves, while cleansing, sooth-
fi^^l r^^i » n ff a^d helpful, will not do it, because they do not
>^V>^V reac . h the P° isoned blood; but S. S. S. cleanses and
purifies the diseased blood, and when this is accom-
plished the place heals. Where the health has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves the appctitt
and digestion, and tones up the nerves. Purifying the blood is the suresi
way to get rid of an old sore or ulcer. .Medical advice is free.
I'M O THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*WHEELING, W. Va.. July 13._
The State "Republican Convention
completed Its work to-night after a
continuous session of more than
eleven hours. United States Senator
Scott is indorsed for re-election. The
following candidates were named to
day: . Auditor, Arnold C. Scherr;
Treasurer, Newton Ogdin; Attorney
General, Clark W. May; State Su
perintendent of Schools, Thomas- C.
Miller; Secretary of State, Charles S.
Fwisher; Judges of Supreme Court,
Frank Cox, Joseph M. Saunders.
West Virginia Rcpi*bIicaiM Declare
tor Ills Re-election.
SK.VATOR SCOTT INDORSED.
ARR1VKD.
Wednesday. July 13.
US stmr Dix. Ankers, 76 hours from Ta
coma: out In to finish Icariin*.
Stmr FA Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodrer*. '
9tmr Olympic. Han*en, (8 hours from Bel
lingham Bay.
Stmr 1 Pomona, Swanson, 19 hours from
Eureka. ' .. '_'.'-•-¦
-Stair Columbia, Doran. 62 hours from.Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Ger stmr . Luxor, Behrmann, 4 days from
Port Blakeley: put hi to finish taadinir.
Stmr Ma*gle, Cornlnjf, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Eagles. £.5 hours from
Santa Monica.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, 54 hours from
8an . P#dro.
Schr Arago. Johnson. 22 days from Pirate
Cove. ¦
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
Captain EUnson of the transport Logan.
who was recently married, returned. — with
Mm. Stinson — from his leave" of abtehes
Monday. A reception waa tendered the bridal
tarty at the Occidental Hotel by the officers
of the cbtp. who presented Captain and Mrs.
EUn**>n with a handsome silver service.
Captain Stinson has been engaged to the lady
who '• now bis wife for ten years. Some time
•co be went to Boston,' her home, on a visit
which his Intimate friends *ay was to have
*aded In bis -wedding. Before be could get the
nc*e«sary license and a line on the parson the
department wired him to get* back to San
Francisco on hurry orders and sail hit ship
to the Philippine*. He bade rood-by to the
bride that wasn't to be jnst yet and Jumped
th* train for the Pacific. When the young
lady came here on a ' visit a few weeks ago
the captain determined not to be a victim to
departmental hurry orders a second time and
sent wedding hurry orders to the license clerk
and parson himself aad got married before
U»e Quartermaster authorities could get the
Captain Stinson's Hurry Order.
TO ARRIVE.
" Steamer. From. DueT
Chlcol Portland A Astoria July 14
Aurella San Pedro July 14
Ptru New York via Panama July 14
Feint Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. July 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way Pts Jaly 14
g. Monica.... San Pedro •Julv 14
ChehalU San Pedro '.'.', j u u. i S
Kedondo 1 San Pedro j u iv 15
Jeante I SeattI* A Tacoma. '.'.'.'. July 15
namses [ Harnbora A Way Ports. July 15
Bonita......' Newport A Way Poru. July 15
Mongolia China A Japan ........ July 15
UtnatUla Puget Hound Ports.... {July 15
Eureka...... Humboldt ....: julv is
laqua i Ban Pedro '.!!.'"" July 15
KnterprUO.... Hilo .July 18
Mackinaw.... Tacoma July l«
Corona Humboldt , Julv 1 A
Edith Tacoma " July 16
Tltanla Nanaimo I July I?
Centralia | San Pedro July 17
CoronadD Ban Pedro July 17
Sequoia...... Wlllapa Harbor Julv 17
O. LIndauer.. Oray« Harbor ! Ju v 17
A. Maru China * Japan July 17
S.Barbara... drays Harbor Julv 17
Elizabeth CoqulIIe River July 18
SanPedro...- Humboldt ...„. July IS
Argo Eel River Port* July IS
Newbursr Grays Harbor July IS
Costa Rica. .. Portland A Astoria July, IS
Bonoma Sydn«y A Way Ports., IJuiy 1$
Bute of Cal.. San Diego A Way Pts. IJuly lg
Pomo Point Arena * Albion. [July 19
ArcaU Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 19
Coos Hay Kan Pedro & Way Pts. (July 19
Pomona Humboldt " - [July ltt
Queen Poset Sound Ports.... July 20
Pan Juan.... New York via Panama. July 21
Centennial... Seattle A Tacoma July 21
Alliance I Portland A Way Ports. July 21
North Fork.:' Humboldt July 22
Columbia.... ! Portland & Astoria..... July 24
Movements of Steamers.
United States Coast and Oodetle Survey —
Tim*, and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low .water* occur at
the city front (Mls«lon-«treet wharf) about 25
minutes later, than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 14. •
Sun rl»e« 4.57
Pun set* ,, 7:3;
Moon »et» »:33 p. m.
O iTImel ITimel ITlmel iTlrnil
p I f-rt. I Ft. I j Ft. -- -_ Ft.
? [l w| \h tv il wf |h ve\
14 * 6:09—1.2 1:13 4.9 2.6!....
H W L W H W ' L w"*"
15 OilO 5.7 6:54—0.7 l:5fl 5..1 8:C*"22
lfl 1:00 5.3 7:40—0.3 2:37 5.3 RC\2'"
17 2:08 4.9 S:26 0.3 3:22 5.4 J»;12 20
18 3:14 4.4 0:14 0.9 4:0(5 5.5 10:20 18
19 4:27 4.110:10 1.5 4:5« f».« 11:29 14
20 6:43 3.9 11:10 20 5M7 5.6)
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldeg
the early morning tides Are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of th«
day except when there are but three t Idea, as
sometimes .occur*.- The heights given are in
addition to the souivl'.niB of the United States
Coast Survey Charm., except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
of th« lowtr low waters.
Chartered for Wheat.
The French bark Bayard, which arrived
from Hakodate on Tuesday, was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at IDs tjd.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
The chip Marion Chilcott was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with 672,000 gallons of
crude oil. valued at 122.400.
The steamco Rosecrana. which was cleared
yreteriay for St. Michael «nd Nome via
Uavioia, carried &04,000 gallons of crude 'oil
valued at $1MOO, consigned to St. Michael
At Gaviota the cteamer will load :«ii.ix,0 gal
lon*, valued at $112,000. to bi discharged at
N'ome.
3Iallers of lnfcrest to .Mariners mid
Shipping Merchant*.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Time Ball on the lower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e\. at noon of the 120th meridian, rtr at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charge.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office. U. S. N. Mer
chant*' Etfchange, San Francisco.' Cal .
July irs. 1904.
Time Bull.
Ferndale was reached at 2 o'clock
end there a committee of business men
ontprtained the guests at a banquet.
After the banquet a visit was made to
the Ferndale Bank, where on the fif
teenth of every month $50,000 is paid
out to the dairymen as the returns of
their dairy yield.
The visitors Tvere then taken to the
Ferndale creamery, where the process
of making butter was explained after
which the return trip to Eureka was
commenced. The. day proved a revela
tion to .the visitors and every member
of the promotion committee was sur
prised by the wonderful resources pre
sented on every band.
' The committee was taken about Eu
reka to-night in street care.
Later " the members , visited the
theater' and afterward were tendered
an informal reception at the Humboldt
dub. The northern portion of the
county will be visited to-morrow and
the Business Men's Club -of Arcata*will
cerve a banquet.
Leaving the Vance home, the ex
cursionists returned by rail to Alton,
where they embarked in private con
veyances and were driven through the
fertile Eel River Valley to the town
of Ferndale, All along the road* ex
pressions of surprise were heard with
marked /frequency. The fields were
RT*»en with grain and hay and feed of
all kinds and on every hand sleek
dairy stock, the pride of the valley,
were to be seen contentedly grazing.
EUREKA, July 13.— The second day
of the visit of the California Promotion
Committee in Humboldt County proved
a mnst interesting and_ enjoyable one.
EfcortM by a committee of business
m»«n of Eureka, the excursionists were
taken 4n the morning into Eel River
Valley. The first stop was made at
Ecotia, where, under the guidance of
Hiram C. Smith, a visit was paid to
the Pacific Lumber Company's saw
mill. There the process of making:
lumber was shown. It is the second
largest redwood lumber mill in the
world. The largest, that owned by the
Hammond Lumber Company at Samoa,
will t« visited to-morrow. Leaving
Scotia the train carried the excursion
ists to the terminus of the Santa Fe
system, a ttaticm known as Carlotta.
There the visitors were entertained at
the beautiful country home of John
M. Vance.
Fpertal Dispatch t© The Call
Members of the Promotion
Committee Hake a Tour of
Feitile Kel River District
VISIT SCENES
OF INDUSTRY
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
] j !
July 14. | |
Aurella Astoria * Portland! 4 pmlPier 27
Samoa Ix>s Angeles Ports.! S rm ! Pier 2
.St. Paul Ncme & Ft. Mlchaell 2 pm!PI*r 20
Argo Bel River Port"... 4 pmfpier 2
Pomo Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm I Pier 2
State of Call Pan Diego & Way. » am Pl«r II
City Puobla ! Puget (found Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coon Bay...' San P#<!r<> & Way. 0 amlPler 11
S.Monica..! Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
July 15. | |
Arcata j Coos B. &.Pt. .OrfdllO amjPier 13
Redondo : Astoria &" Portland: 5 pniiPler 2
Pomona I Humholdt ll:30plPier 9
Luxor ; Hamburg A Way. 112 mtPler 19
Joly 16. | |
Iaqja ! Humboldt 2 pmlPler 2
Pf. Arena.. Point Arena ./ 4 pmjP'er 2
Ch»hall»... ! Orays Harbor X pmlPl-T 'Z
Gaelic China k Japan 1 pm|Pi»>r 40
North Fork. Humboldt & pmlPter "»
Alameda... Honolulu ..;!H am'Plcr 7
Barraeouta. N. Y. via Panama. 112 mjPler 27
Columbia... Astoria «r PWIandlll am' Pier 2*
July 17. I I
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Port*. <» am|Pi»r 2
Eureka Humboldt... & amlPler l.J
S. Rosa Ran Diego A Way. J» am : Pi<r 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... * pmlPier 10
Centralia... Gray* Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
I July 18. | |
Chico ' Astoria A Portland 1 B pm!PI»r 2
San Pedro..! Los Angeles Ports.! 4 pm|Pler 2
Corona.". . ..'} Hurntttlrtt )l:.V»p!PUr 9
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma.! 5 pmjPler 20
Bonita , Newport A Way..| ft amjPier 11
July 19. | |
t'matllla... Puget Pound Ports.lll amlPler 9
Jnly 20. I |
Elizabeth... Coqulll<» River I 5 pm]Pler 20
Jnljr 21. 1 |
G. \V. Elder Astoria A Porttandlll amirier 24
O Linda uer drays Harbor (Pier —
Newburs;... Orays Harbor I 4 pm[Pl«r 20
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ..| 5 pmlPier 20
July S3. I |
Alliance Eureka &. Coos B.I 5 pm[P!er 1<$
Peru N. Y. via Panama.]l2 m Pier 40
July 24. | I
Queen Puget Sound Ports.lll am|Pler 9'
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. i Destination. I Sails.
City 8*att!a.. Fkagway A: WAY Ports. IJuly 15
Tampico I Nome A St. Michael. .|Ju»y 15
Jefferson I Skagway & Way Ports. JJuly 16
Dlrluo........' PKagrway A Way Ports. (July 16
Panta Ana... i V«»de« A Way Ports.. JJuly 19
Oregon ; Nome A St. Michael. ..IJuly is
Tacoma j Nom«" direct I July 20
Parallon Sfcagway & Way Ports, f July 21
The Liverpool dockmen said down in
their husky throats that she had stuck
on the ways to prevent herself from
going Into the water on Friday, and
that she had only been half launched
on that day that is reckoned so falal
to men that go down to the sea In
ships. They recited stories told in the
forecastle with the boiling noises of
wild waves about the bows and the
scream of the gale evhoing out of the
white billows of canvas aloft. £o. fol
lowed by her "half-luck" as the old
men of the sea called it, she has had
forty years of sailing through the
storms and calms of destiny. In every
zone that belts the globe she has
fought it out with the temp«st and
scattered spars, sails and bits of her
self on the wind-sweDt waters.
But she has never been wrecked. In
her first voyage from London to Cal
cutta a cape gale flung itself against
her and a foretopgallant mast with
its yards wS.s left drifting around the
far end of the African continent.
While reaching for distant Australia
ghe bowed before the violence of a Horn
zephyr and lay on her beam ends till
it had howled itself out of breath.
When she righted the boats were gone
and the lee rail was floating away
toward the southern pole. On the
present voyage ehe put into this port
leaking and otherwise slightly dam
aged. This is a second jump Into
Delagoa Bay to patch up. For several
years she has been in the leaking age
and has run for innumerable harbors
with pumps clanking and the ocean
bubbling through her seams. But she
waa only half launched on Friday and
the sea can't quite down her. She
¦topped on the ways till the unlucky
day was lost In midnight and, along
the line of the old Liverpool dockmen's
prediction, passes through the wreck-
Ing tempests only half wrecked.
When the watchman was passing
through the yard at daybreak he was
amazed to see the vessel suddenly start
down the ways. There was indeed "a
thrill of life along her keel." She took
the wat?r like a duck alone, and no
body was around to christen her ex
cept the watchman, and he was frozen
dumb with superstitious fear.
The shorelines fetched her up and
whf>n the workmen began to gather
in the yard they found the Rokeby Hall
setting high in the stream exceedingly
pleased with herself.
A dispatch from London date»d July
12 tells that the Norwegian bark Roke
by Hall from "Whatcom for that port
via San Francisco is in Delagoa Bay,
having lost her boats, with bulwarks
smashed by boarding seas and with
part of cargo damaged.
Here is the story the deepsea sailors
w eave around the docks. When she
vas launched in Liverpool a natty iron
l-ark during the latter part of the year
1S63, the day of her dip into the water
fell on Friday. To get the advantage
of the flood tide she was slipped down
the ways late in the evening. She
moved part of the distance, but some
thing went wrong and she stuck hard
and fast. The constructors worked in
the dark till almost midnfght and
knocked off. intending to return early
next morning.
A. M. Thomson, late purser of the Pacific
Mail steamship Acapulco, has been granted
a two months' leave of absence.
The Kosmos steamship Luxor arrived y*»
terday. four days from Port Blakelpy. She
will finish loading cargo for Hamburg
The transport Thomas, with a large pas
senfcer list, is due from Manila and Honolulu
to-day.
Frank Selaro of 24 Telegraph plac*. white
fishins alons the seawall, got his hand/caught
between a steamer and a pile. His afm was
badly lacerated. His injury was attended to
at the Harbor HoeDltal.
J. H. McOeu, blind In left eye, was knocked
down by a ntr#M tar at the Junction of Mar
ket an<i Steuart streets and received a badly
lacerated wound of the scalp. The car came
upof him from his blind side.
The French Dark General de Boisdeffre lt!0
days from Swan^a, arrived yesterday with
001/0 tons of ccai.
The steamer St. Paul will tall to-day for
Ncme and St. Michael
The bark Alice Knowles arrived at Hako
date. Japan. July 4, from the north with 700
liarrel* of whale oil. On June 20 she upoke
the following whalers: Charles S. Morgan,
barrels; Andrew Hicks. 400; California.
175; Thresher, two whales, and Monterey with
cne whale. - : .
Water Front Xotes.
The army tramport DIx arrived yesterday,
sr\ - enty-slx hours from Tacoma, and is jjre
raring for a trip to the Philippines. About
HJO head of hors»*, mules and cow? will "be
taken aboard. Each animal will be fastened
In it? little two-foot stall for a 6000-mile trip
aoross the Pacific. Homes and mules have
b°*n lran?pcrted to Manila, but this is the
fim hnd of cows that has been sent to that
distant port.
The l'ix will probably go to the Rlldon
Iron Works for repairs to-day.
Arrival of the Dix.
Codfish Sohodhrr Arrives.
The little aohconer Arauo arrived yesterday>
frcm /ier rodfishlng trip In northern waters.
Captain Johnson reports that on May .".0. three
of hi? mm, Fred Johnson. James 'Ham and
Geon;» Ray. deserted th; ship. They took ad
vaotase of th.» darkness of the ni?ht to quietly
l'jwer overboard one of the vessel's 1 dories.
Previously to domz so they *tole from the
trip's ftcirt, focd and provisions to last th«rn
for several rhenthe. At the time the vessel
was about K0 mile* from Juneau. It is sup
po«fd the men hav» struck out for the gold
fields at Sand Point. Captain Johnson also
r^p^ita that on June 7. in Kaifte Ta^s.
h* sy>oke the schooner Pearl. The Arago was
tweniy-two daj» coming from Pirat« Cove and
three months and fourteen days in making the
round trip. She brings C9.000 codfish.
wire. Mrs. St'nron will live at the Occidental
Hotel during h«r husband's absence* at sea.
THE HARK ROKEBY HALL. WHICH PUT INTO DELAGOA BAY WITH THE LOS? OF HER BOATS AX!) HKIt ¦ BULW \ RK"
SMASHED BY BOARDING DURING A F1ERCK CSALE. SHE ALaO LOST A PORTION OF HER CARGO. WHICH
W'AS DAMAGED BY THE WATER.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., July 13. —
A number of Italians who were on
rheir way to the Cripple Creek dis
trict were met at Clyde to-night and
informed that they were not wanted in
the district. It was intimated to them
that if they persisted in their attempts
to come to Cripple Creek they would
be classed as "undesirables" and
treated accordingly.
The report which ha? Brained con
siderable currency^that ¦egroes from
Missouri, Tennessee and Hither States
were being shipped into tne district to
take the places of white miners is de
nied by Austin Holman, vice president
of the Mine Owners' Association. Hol
man added that no men are being im
ported to work in the mines. He de
clared that all the mines were running
full handed and that there was no
need to import men.
MINE11S OKDERED AWAY.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 11— Stmr Mem
ohls from San Francisco. Antofogasta etc..
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July • 13— Shnr An
rania from Liverpool for New York,
1 Arrived July 13— Stmr Teutonic, from New
York, for Liverpool, and proceeded; etmr
lvernia. from New York.
PLYMOUTH — A/rived Julv 13— Stmr
Deutschland, from Wew York for Cherbourg
and ¦ • Hambarr, and proceed«d; stmr Grosser
Kurf urst, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen, and croceeded ¦— <
SOU'rHAMPTON— Sailed "July 13— Stmr
Kronprina Wilhelin. from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 13— SUnr Ma-
Jpstic. from Liverpool.
Sailed- July .13 — Stmr Baltic, for Queens
town and L4v«rpool. * ¦ ; •..'...
, HONOKONG— Sailed July 13— Stmr Em
press of Japan, for Shanghai, Nagasaki, Kobe.
Yokohama and Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— failed July t.'J—Stnir Oce
anic, for New Tork, vU Queen*town.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 6— Fr bark
Vllle de Mulhouse, for Oregon.
COHONEL— Arrived July 12— Stmr Ore
gonlan. from -New York: to sail July 14 for
Son Francisco. . , ' •
HAMBURG— Arrived July II— Ger ttmr
Memphis, hence Feb 27. via, way port*. ¦¦ -
HAKODATE— Arrived July 2— Whalin*
bark Allot Knowles, hence Dec 11 for whaling
cruise -with 700 barrels oil.
NEWCASTLE, AUS— Sailed June 26— Br
Penthesilea, for F?nnma.
FOREIGN PORTS
NEW TORK— Arrived July 13— Strnr AIM
area, from Colon.
Salted July 12— Stmr Seguranca, for Colon.
July 13— Stmr Texan, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU — Sailed July 13— Ger bark
Marie Hackfeld. . for .
HiLO Sailed July 12— Stmr Arizonan. for
New York EAgTERN poRT
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July 13 — Br
ship Dudliope. from. Seattle. _
Sall»d July K5— Bark Coloma, for San Diego.
UMIMUA -Sailed July 10— Schr Lily, for
Sailed July 13— Schr S«ulah.
°OOOS P< B U \T— PaiKd July 42, midnight— Stmr
Alliance, for Portland.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 12— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka. July 13— Schr Andy Ma
honey, from Astoria..
failed July 12 — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francwco; ttmr Aurella. for San Francisco:
bktn Northwest, for Port Hadllock; stmr Al
cazar, for San Francisco- ,/ •
SEATTLE— Arrived July IS— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway; stmr Oregon, from
' "saffed July 15— Stmr Dolphin, for SVagway.
Arrived -July 13— Stmr Dlrlgo, from 8kag
way
T \TOOSH — PaM*d In July 13 — Ger stmr
Totmes, hence July 10 for Stattl*.
Passed out July I.I — Stmr Umatilla, from
Seattle, for San Francisco; Br ship Simla,
from Port Uambte, for Sydney.
Passed In July 13— Stmr Montara, hence
July 10 for Seattle; stmr Centennial, Bence
July 10 for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 13— Bark
Servla, for Karluk; Nor bark Theodor. for Al-
Arrlved July 13 — Bktn Benlcla, from Maka
w^ll: schr Martha W Tuft, from Nome; bktn
John Palmer, from Manila.
FORT BRAQG— Sailed July 13— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco, with barge
Tidal Wftre in tow.
BALLARD— Sailed July 13— Schr Stlmson,
for Redondo. .
NOME — In rort July 6 — Schr Snow & Bur
e< Sailed July 5— Stmr Sadie, for Port Clarence.
ASTORIA— SalUd July 13— Schr James
RoiDh for >?an Pedro.
SIUSLAW RIVER— Arrived July 11— Schr
C A Klose, hence July 9: echr Wing and
Wing. In tow of tug Dauntless.
EUREKA— Sailed July 12— Stmr National
City for San Francisco, via Fort Bragg. July
13 stmr Samoa, for San Francisco; stmr
Noun Fork, for Han Francisco.
Arrived July 13— Stmr Corona, hence July
12; stmr Brooklyn, hence July II; bktn
Amelia. • hence July 2.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived »ul>' 13— Stmr Na
tional City, from Eureka: atmr James 9 Hig
glrls. henc<» July 12.
VENTURA — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Asun-
COOS BAY — Arrived July 13 — Bktn Tam
O'Shanter. hence June 2<J.
BREMERTON— Sailed July 13 — U S «mr»
Wyoming, Perry and Paul Jones, for San
Fr3nclsco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 13— Bktn Ara
ro for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 13— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Francisco.
GRVYS HARBOR— Arrived July 12— Schr
A B Johnson, hence June 25.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 13— Schr Hon
olulu, for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 13— Stmr
MarsrfifleW, for San Diego. )
July 10— Lat 31 32 t?) N. long 74 1« W.
fctmr Advance," from New York, for Colon.
July tf— L«t 4'1 N. lone 20 w, Fr bark Jane
Guillon from Dunkirk, for Philadelphia.
Per C S stmr DIx. on July 11. at 5:40 p m —
Lat 4t 4S N. lorts 125 \V, stmr Francis H
Leggett. from Artoria, for San Francisco,
with log raft In tow.
June 7— Off Kalms Pas*, xchr Pearl.
June 2O— Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, with
40O barrels oil: bark Charles W Morean. with
barrels ell; bark California, with 175 bar
iels oil; stmr Thraeher. with two whaKs; schr
Monterey, with one whale, supposed to b«
right whale. *
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 13.
Ptmr Acme. Lundaulrt. Eureka. • •
Stmr F A Ktltnim, Thomi»»on, Port Rodgers.
Sunr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Arctic. Nelton. Eureka.
Stmr Arcyll. Oillboy, Honolulu.
S(mr Whlttler. Dickson. Ventura,
ritmr Rofecrans Johnson. Alcatraz Landing.
Stmr Del Nwte. Payne, Creacent City. /
Stmr Han P«lro. Rasmussen. Eureka.
Stmr lILzab th, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr South Coast. Olfen, Caspar.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gnalaia, Kalnln, Westport.
Stmr Dr»-akwater. Seaman, Coos Bay.
Schr Ivy. Iy-jndqulst. Coos Bay.
Pchr Mayflower, Goodman.«en, dluflaw River.
Schr J M Colman. Peterson. Port Townsend.
TELEGRAPHIC. .,
POINT LOUO9, July 13. lo p m— Weath'r
hazy; wind NW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
Sohr B€»*ie K. Stark. 11 hours from San
Vicente Landing- . .
Schr Advance, OKldnessen, 3V« a»>» frora
Schr^Wllllam Renton. Bruce, 5 days from
Tongue Point. *¦. '¦•. "¦- ._
Schr Onward, Anderson, 5 days rrom
• T'ug^bauntless, Shea. 37 hours from Sluslaw
Wednesday July 13-
Stmr Cit.7 of Puebla. Jec«en. Victoria; Pa
cific Coast Steamshlo Company. _ "
Strar Cogs Bay, Johnson, San Pedro; Paclnc
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Rosecrans. Johnson. St Michael J anU
Nome, via Akatraz Landing; Matson >avi
gatiun Company. ."."'- - n ,
Stmr State of California. Nlcolson. San Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Ship Marion Chilcott, Williams. Honolulu;
Matson Navigation Company .
¦ • - -
Captain Carl Ackerman of the steam
schooner Prentiss, who dficajtiped with
$600 entrusted to him to- pay his men,
was arrested last night by Detective
Ed Gibson. Ackerman's name was en
tered on the detinue book and he will
probably be charged to-day when his
employers swear to the complaint.
Ackerman, who pilots the ship for
Gray & Co., about a week ago left the
company's oflice with enough, money to
pay off his crew. He never reached the
vessel and for a time the murder the
ory was indulged In. It was found,
however, that the missing skipper was
a heavy drinker and the police were
notified to locate him. Detective Ed
Gibson was detailed on the case and
last night found Ackerman In the baths
at a Hammam Institution on Grant
avenue. He had but 560 out of the $600
left. He says that he will be able to
make good the amount and denies that
he intended to leave the city. "I was
merely on a little drunk," he says.
it and waa deathly s:ck in consequence. The
Japan«*e landed me at Dutch Harbor and I
carae down In the Kruger.
I Fighted land away eff to the northeast
and tried to make It. I wa* steering with the
<-ar and !n my woak irate I dropped It over
board. Tnen I was helpless. 1 lay down in
the boat, and. looking over the gunwale, uw
c vessel coming toward me. I aig&aled with
\h* *prii and sail and the people on beard
taw me. Then I wa> helped aboard and treat
ed kindly by the friendly Japanese. They had
nothing to eat but rio«» and a small dried flsh
end tea to drink. It was a tough diet for a
man !n my condition, but I ate too much cf
On the fourth day I heo*me disheartened and
ffared that I was lost forever. A big whale
« ame up almost under my boat and the swish
of his plunging almost flMed the dory. I caught
•mother flsh and began to eat It, though 1 was
turning againrt a fish 6iet. I never want to
*<»e another cod as long as 1 live. Then the
water riv» out.
1 drifted around tMl next <!sy and began to
get de5perat»".y hungry. Wh*>n I left the ves
ael 1 had or.ly a I:tt!e fre*h water trj my boat
er.d I used the supply carefully to make it go
A* f*r ae :-.--.;.¦. It ftemM that I was
Thirsty all the time and I could hardly keep
from drinking all the w«i»r. 1 got out a line
ani hooked a codfish, which I 1-gan to eat. It
¦n«* raw. but I <ru hur.*ry. On the third day
It blew hard and 1 lest my two oars trying
to handle the Mil. Jt was very cold even in
"the sunshine, for I was wet all the time and
*t nljrht I suffered every minute. I kept chew
.¦ c on my codfish and w&rhirg it down with
little *:p« of water.
Marius Peter Pederson Riis is the
fourfold name of a Danish sailor who
was lost from a codfish -catching ves
sel in Bering Sea June S till June
39. He was a member of the crew
of the barkentine Fremont. Captain
Xelton. and drifted away in a dense
fog while fishing; in his dory. He was
picked up in a fainting condition from
told, hunger and thirst by the Jap
anese fishing bark Higathi Maru
after he had drifted more than 100
miles to the northwest.
When Rlis was able to travel he was
tent to this port on the W. H. Kruger.
Riis'- tale of hardship follows:
With about twenty-five other fishermen I
vent out at 4 o'oltx-k. as usuai. each
man alone In his dory to catch cod. It
•was fllght'y foegy. but the ship's bell
and horn are always *oundr<i in thick
westher. My anchor drained while I
*va» busy wiih my fishing and presently I no
tk-ed that the Freir.onl wae not in sight. My
t^arings were gone and I must have drifted
lapidly. as I could not hear the bell. I flim
;!> waited for the foe to blew away. Then
the »'.nd came up and the waves often washed
Into the boat. I threw overboard all my fish,
¦«¦ lth which my dory wat half full, and I w*>r.t
in fcajing. When the fes finally went no ship
was 1a eight. The sea wag empty even of
It Is most apparent to me that Captain Al
bert ran his ship at full speed in a dense tog
approaching a port without getting a cast of
the lead until warned by the breakers of hi*
cicse approach to the reef. I must hold that
the local board was Justified in its findings. I
have no patience with the mariner who places
his vessel and the lives of those on board In
J'opardy by his faftcre to get a cast of th«
lead. >» .. ' ,.-;
Supervising Inspector Captain John
Birmingham sustained the action of
the local inspectors in suspending for
sixty days the license as master of
Captain C. . Albert for negligence and
unskiilfulness in running the steamer
Santa Cruz at full speed in a dense
fog upon a reef at the entrance of Port
Harford. In dismissing the appeal
Captain BermlngJjam said:
United States Local Inspectors O. F.
Bolles and John K. Bulger yesterday
suspended for three months the license
of C. J. Anderson as chief r/.ate for
negligence and unsklllfulnesa In allow
ing the steamer Point Arena- to run on
Arena Rock at 12:45 p. m. June 29. In
rertderingr their decision the inspectors
say that Anderson did not take any
compass bearings off Point Arena
Lighthouse or observe the face of the
bluff to confirm the position of the ves
sel, nor did he call the master.
• • • Had he done so. he would hare seen
that fhe vessel was too close to th* shore and
would not go clear of Arena Rock, In which
evtnt he ccuM have changed the coarse or
mopped the steamer and called the captain.
Damage to the vessel about $1CO.
Denies That He Intended to
Eventually Leave City and
Says That He Was Drunk
Supervisor Bermingham De
nounces Mariners Who
Endanger Lives and Ships
Almost Dead From Cold and
Hunger He Is Picked Up.
Given the Best on Board
SIGHTED BY JAPANESE
FOUND IN TURKISH BATH
CAPTAIN IS EEBUKED
Local Inspectors Suspend
License of Mate of the
Point ' Arena for Cause
Yarn Told by the Old Deep-Sea Men of the Docks 'How the Vessel
Narrowly Escaped Launching on a Friday and Her Battles
With Only Half-Bad Luck in Consequence for Thirty Years
Kescued Fisherman Narrates
Experiences in a Dory
dii Wild Northern Ocean
Captain Carl Ackerman, Who
Decamped With $600 of
Employers' Money, in Jail
SKIPPER FOUND
BUT COIN GONE
LOST AT SEA
FOR FIVE DAIS
SEA- WORN THE BARK ROKEBY
HALL RUNS TO DELAGOA BAY
CARELESS TARS
ARE PUNISHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO.' CALTJy THURSDAY, JULY li, 1904.
11
.ADVEBTisiaiiana.
MM CARTERS
jwlljsiiliJIP 1TTLE
J$&j$jr il PILLS
SSOK SliADAOHl
Positively cored* by these
Uttle FiUs.
they also relieve Distress from Dyspepsf^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drcnrsl-
a*ss, Bad Taste la the Month, Coated Tonjco
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dosa.
Small PrJco .
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAKA BITTERS TH2
Oreat Mexican Remedy: gl-v»» fc»a!th an-t
str»rgth tr> itfTual orgaccj. P>pot. SU3 Marhet.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e?t»amers leave Broadway
wharves (pl«rs 9 aad 11>.
9an Francisco:
For Ketchtkan. Wrasts-f.
J'.:r.fii. Halnes. Ska^uav,
«c. Alaska — 11 a. rn.. Jul/
J>. 14. li>. 24. 20. Aug. -J.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port 'lownsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
B#:u»jsham— II a. m.. July 9. 14. 19. 2«. VS>,
Aj^. 3. Change at S^attl* to this Company's
strainers for Alaska anj G. X. P.y.; at Seattle
1 or Ta?oma to N F. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
Fc- Eunks. (Humbofdt Eay) — Pomona. 1 :S3
p. m. Jnly 9. 15, 21. 27, An?. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12. 18. 24. 30. Aug. 3.
For Los Anreli^ (via Port Lorn An»e>9 and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
I Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
J For IxfcJ Angeles tv!a San Pedro and East
San Petlro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
t«r?y. Fan 3!m«cn. Cayuco*. Port Hanford (Saa
Lois Oblspo). Ventura and Huranw.
Bor.:ta. 9 8. m., July 10. 1*. 2tJ. Aug. 3.
Coos Ear. 0 m. m.. July 14. 22. 30, Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay. San Joa« del
Gabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. 8anta Ro-
salia. Guaynwa <Mfx.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS'. Season 13CV» —
The palatia! excur?lon steamship Spokans wl!I
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July W.
Aoc. 2. /
For furth-r Information obtain fold-r. Rlnht
is renerrert' to change «t»amers err saillnjr date*.
TICKET OmCES — I New Montsom-
*ry St. «Palac» Hotel). 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharvi-^s. Txelgtt O2Sc«, 10 Market st.
C. T>. DVSA^tS. General Pa3ser.ger Ax<nt.
10 Market *t., Pan Francisco.
AMEBICAIT UNE.
Plymotttli — Chsrbotirar — Southampton.
From New Tork Saturday* at 9:3O a. m.
St. Louis July2T5!St. Paul Ausc. «
New York July 30: Philadelphia . Aug. tl
ATLANTIC TX&KSFOBT LI2TE. .
New Tork — Lcadon Direct.
ttesaba T July '£i. 9 a. m.
Minnetonka July 30. 7:0O a. m.
Mlnnehaha Auar. 6. noon
Minneapolis..' Aujr. 13. 7 a. m.
Only flnt-rlasw pasj«?n*er» carried.
DOMINION LINZ.
Montreal— Uverpool — Short s«a passage.
Southwark Jaty rt.'VancfWver ....Au«. •»
Canada Jnly 30i K'nsliVton . ..Aug. 13
HOUAND-AVEKICA XXSTB. .
Xew Twln-ScTrw Steamers of 1^.50<> Tons.
New Tork — Botterdam. Via Bouloarae.
bailing Tue9rlay<t at 10 a. m.
Rott»rdam Aog. rxonrdam Ans:. 11
Ryndam Aug. D'statendam ...~A\ig. Zi
RED STAB XiTSTE.
New Tork — Antwerp — Parts.
From New Tork Saturday* at 10:30 a. m.'..
Finland July 2T,[KroonIan(J Au*. «
Vaderland July 3o:Ze«lart(1 ... Ang. \.i
WHITE STAR LIHE.
New Tork — Qnceartowa — UTerpooI.
Sailina- Wednesdays.
Cedrlc ...July 22. 1 pnt| Teutonic. Aug. 3. 10 am
Oeeankr . .July 27. 5 pm,Cettic ... .Aug. 5. n«»ij
Arabic ...July 29. 6 ami Baltic . ..Aag. 13, i pm
, Boston— Queens-town — Liverpool.
*€?retic July 2S. Au*. 23. Sept. Ti
Republic <n*w)... An*. 11. S#ut. ». Oct. «
Cymric Am. W. Sept. IS. Oct. ti
NEW SIBTICS TROM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15X00 Toss.
BOSTON DIRECT* TO THE
KEDITERSANEAH. VIA AZOBS8.
aiSSAXiTAA. NAPLJES. GENOA.
CANOPIC Oct. ». Nov. 19
ROMANIC* Sept. 17. Oct. 23. Dec. 3
First Clara. $45 upward, depending on date.
C. I>. TAYLOR. Passens-er A Kent Paciflc Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
NOME
—AND —
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
,S. S. ST. RAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDO.UIST.
(Carrying U. 8. Mails.)
FROM t»AN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
THURSDAY, July 14 a p. m.
Connecting wltli the Company's Steamers for
AH BEHR1NO SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with th* Company's River Steamefj
for Fairbanks and si! points on KOTUKUK.
TANANA and YVKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
SOBTHESR COMMSSCUL CO.
519 Crossley huililtner. Cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
; snd HONOKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlogor.
1 Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received 'on board on day of sailing.
g. ». AMERICA MARU
Monday. August 1. 1WH
Via. Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora~
pany'» office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, Oeneral Agent..
ftamburg- American.
S«ml-We«kly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBL'RO
Hamburg July 2l!»rvut»hland ..Aug. 4
TWaldersee July 2T5*PennsyIvanla ..Aug. rt
•tMoltke July 2Sf Pretoria Aug. 13
Bulgaria July CO Hamburg Aug. IS
•Has grill room and tRrymnanlum on board.
fWlll call at DOTer for London and Parlsc
ham3Ubcj-am:c2ucah xoirs.
Offices So and 37 I'.roadway. New Tork.
HERZOQ A CO.. 44H CALIFORNIA 8T.
occaBics.s.C0.s«^3£
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, July 10. 11 A.M.
S. 8. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- .
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 23. 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 0. 11 A.M.
J.D.SPHICHLS & BH03.Ca, AZts., TlcXst Office 643 K»-
ku rrdiut OSes 329 Martn si, Pier 7, Paeias n
C0X7A6BIS 6XNIX1LE TSA»3ATiaj«TIQDS
D1KKCT LINK TO HAVKE-PAMlA.
Eaillng tv«ry Thursday Instead or jJfraSs,
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. rrom Pier 4i, 1
Xorih Hivtr. foot of Morton it.
First class to Havre. STu and apward. Second
class to Havre. S43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOn UXITKI> STATES AMD
CANADA 33 Broadway (Hudson bui:4:n»).
New York. J. F. FUGAZi A CO.. Ki.wnj cojus
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. £an Francisco.
Tickets so'd br all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XJ. S. Hary Tard aad V&Bajo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcuran — Leaves ft. V^ fcot of
Clay St., north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
»:3O A. M.. 3 and »3 P. M.; Sundays. »:3O
A M.. S P. il. Leave Vallejo — Wvek days.
• -6O A. M.. 12:20 and &:3O P M.: Sundays. S
P M. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates*
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cov* snd Msrtlne*,
60c round trip. FTPXR. ADEN, GOODALL
CO.. phone Main 6*1. »Saturday etojptgd.
To XX. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Frlsbie. Monticello aad Arrow.
8-45 a. m-. 12:30. 8:13. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex.8un.);
Sunday* 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:13. 6 p. m. <ez. Sun.); Sun-
days. 1 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis.
»lon street; phone Mala 1301 HATCH BROS,
• ADVEETISEMENTBw
!j|\ BUY adOODj
5 Pocket Knife f
i €
j f You can't get a better
i (s-^ value for your money any-
! ~2 where. Has two or three
\i blades, comes In several
> '¦ style* of handle. Including
, ' pearl.
/A EXCHANGE TOUR OLD
' j BAZOR for a new one. I
I \ \ will make you a liberal al-
: » lowance for it. I've good
I Razors 'as low as. $l.OO
1 -y SCISSOSS and other lines
! of good Cutlery at my usual
1 *M low prices.
\% RAZOR STBOP8, from
I h| S3«i np.
1 I _£2 Rators honed and ground.
i sL > Honfd for lir»e-
I vr: Two bar* Williams' Shav-
; inn Soap. 1 ,")f.
; Order by mail if you're
: out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
-•i^V F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KABSET STREET.
Above Powell,
> SAN FRANCISCO.
The Ooly Double-Track Railway Betwceo
the Missouri River aad Chicago.
The
Overland
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric lighted Throughout.
• Buffet-spioklng cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Verves 8&a FrancUco daily at 10 a. m.
Two other trains HUT at 8 a. ca. and
6 p. n.
For tickets, sleeping: car reservations and
fall information apply to agents Southern
. Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE,
O«<rml Af tat Chicago & Koftb-W«star« R«ll»»jr.
617 Msrket Street.
I SAS FRANCISCO, CAL ' I
x?a^OEWEr,STryom &co^ga^
marRct "Sr.'S USSS?THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL/ THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
12
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patt«ms cut to measure ; eve. class, 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew.
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGEIt scnool than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. T :s Mission
St.. between Third ant} Fourth; more gpae*;
finer rooms; better light; Rnest In the We3t.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. n. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship, $30. Dayj
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 72o Market »t.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Masea.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINEis COL. «n*
Academy. 6C2 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. wita
ns. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; dar
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.14M Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates; Plt-
maa shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 no.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtcity.24. Poet
St.. 8. T.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
YOUNG man can secure a business or short-
hand course in exchange for a little work
dally. 8. F. Bus. College. 738 Mission st
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Frt. evgs; juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prtv. lessons daily. Fiad-
Iay»s Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and GaerrSoV
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. tnin. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. •*.; ut 1M4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Haightt
Individual lnstruc; all branches; day; ev*
WESTERN BustneM Coll ere. no? Mkt. eora-
plete course, 6 mo $30. eve $4 mo; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. TeL James 32S1.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st: tel. Mara 575X
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seunrs. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 420.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frita Tajnagakl.mgr. : tal Bush W.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estaa. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. M0 CUr.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants work bT
the day. washing, ironing or house-cleaning;
$1 50 and carfare; also care for chlldrea
during parents' absence evenings. 50c. 5S
Valley st., bet. San Jose and Dolores.
YOUNG lady wishes to accompany family on
summer vacation for few weeks as compan-
ion or take care of child in exchange for ex-
penses. Box 1952, Call.
WANTED — By refined American lady, position
to assist with housework and cooking or care
for a child; sleep at home. Address I* B..
1042 Larkin et.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper for widower that has children;
wages reasonable. 127 Second st.
TAILORESS wishes position as asslitant pant-
aloon maker; best of references. Box J-li\
Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants washing or bouse-
wcrk by the day or half day; 75c and $1 50.
Box 1954. Call office.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day; does good
work, references. Phone Black 1003.
A WAITRESS wants position; hotel or restau-
rant; city or country. 321 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2596.
AMERICAN woman, has a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 321 Mason st. ; phone
Black 2306.
LADY of refinement wishes a position as
housekeeper. Box 1919. Call.
A FTRST-CLAS3 laundress wants position;
city or country- 324 Mason:phone Black i"0'\
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 32 1 Mason St.; phono Black 2396.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing.
Ironing or house-cleaning. 412ii Ash ave.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper for a
widower's family; no objection to going a
shcrt distance in the country. Address 523
Third &t.. city. ¦
A COMPETENT. middle-aged .German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper: take
full charge; very fond cf children; last place
7 years. wa?es $25 up. Address box 3117. Call.
EXPERIENCED teacher wishes situation;
coaches public school pupils in all studies;
day or evening; arithmetic: foreigners taught
English. MRS. M. K. SMITH. 912 Pine st.
YOUNO lady would like engagement as cashier
In restaurant; understands the business well.
P. O. box 23, Alameda.
DRESSMAKER— Good fitter, cutter and de-
signer; will go out by the day; $2. 1423
Post St.. near Oetavla.
WANTED — A position as cook oa a ranch »
short distance from, the city. Address C23
Third St., city.
GERMAN woman wishes housework aad plain
cooking: $4 Per week. Box 1552. 1008 Market.
A YOUNO woman wants work of aay kind by
the day.' Phone Scott 1321, after 6 p. m.
DRESSMAKER ' wishes engagements by day;
will go out. 407 Van Ness: phone Mint 14S&
JAPANESE woman wants a position as cook
and to do general housework in family In
city. U. LAGUTI. 409 Post et.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation: plala cook
and housework. MISS YOSHI. BIS Jessie St.;
phone South 99.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church eta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WA.STED-M.iIJD.
NURSE (male) wishes case; eight years' hos-
pital experience; thoroughly understands
work and can suDply flrst-class references;
masiage; willing to travel. Box 1768. Call.
MECHANICAL engineer and draughtsman
wishes employment: experienced ia designing
and operating engines, boilers and general
power plant work. Box 1920, CalL
GERMAN man and wife desire positions on a
ranch; competent to take charge of fruit or
btock ranch: good workers and references.
Addresa box 1057. Call offlc*.
POSITION as cashier or any other ktnd of light
work wanted by married man. 29; steady,
sober; security. Box 1770. Call office.
WANTED — Positions by two plain carpenters.
Box 1767. Call office.
A COMPETENT shipping clerk desire* a posi-
tion; 12 years' experience. Box 1953. Cail.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to do
housework or plain cooking; city or Oakland:
speaks English. 405 Ihipont st. : tel. BlacSc
11)44.
A YOUNO Japanese with reference* wants a
position as schoolboy in country; rerrr.snent.
Apply &*¦> Bush st.
COMPETENT Japanese. flrst-cl*.«s e«slc. desires
a position In private family: wase» $3 week.
I. FRANK. lr^H Post St.: phone Polk 21S7.
YOUNG Japanese boy who spe-aX* *oo<i English,
wants situation as schoolboy ia family In
city. S. K.. 507 Larkin st. BWI Larkia 145H
NEAT Japanese desires a rwltl.in •• schoolboy
in small family. Address 9. KONDOH, 121
Halght St.. Japan*** Mlxlon. « '
JAPANESE strong boy wants position as store
boy or any kind work; U««e. a. m.; speaks
English. M. KAWA. 121 Grant are.
JAPANESE, henest boy. waiter or dishwasher;
good help, bet.- 5:3<> and » p. m. S. G.. €20
Larkin st.: phone Larkin 175S.
JAPANESE honest boy want3 a position as
school boy In family; speaks English well. G.
NUMANAMI. 807 Polk at.
A GOOD Japanese boy wanta a position tj a
schoolboy. FRANK. 1323 Pine St.; tel. Lar-
kin 26^
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as a
schoolboy. KURIHARA. 1323 Pine St.; tele-
phone Larkin 2611.
1 YOUNG Japane** bey wants position as school-
boy In good place. S07 Polk St.. T. FUME.
JAPANESE wants a position as schoolboy.
Address U. 11., 811 Stockton st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as tchool-
, boy. H. TASAKA, T25 Geary •tTa-'-
MEETING aOTICES — CniHlnned.
£PRKCKE1,S Sugar Company. NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Spreckeis
Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the company. :CT Market st.. San Fran-
cisoo. on MONDAY, the 25th. day of July.
1904. at tnt> hour of 11 a. m.. for the pur-
pos3 of electing a board of directors to s?rve
for the e:;FUlng year and for the transaction
of pjch c'.htr l)u.-;i:ieFs as may come before
Hie meeting. Tlie. transfer books will close
; on Friday. July 22. l»0t. at 3 p. m.
I TV. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
MONTEREY. County Water Company. Notice
of annual meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Comi-any will be held at the
office of the company, '327 Market st., San
Franclnco. on MONDAY, the- 20th day of
July. 1905, at the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
»he" purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing yrar and for the
tran5action of such other business as nitty
come before the meeting. The transfer tx>ok3
will close on Friday, .luly 22, 1!)0». at 3 p.m.
W. H. JIANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The Kisdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The nnnual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdcn Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for
ths ensuing year and the transaction of euch
other business, as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 2U3 Steuart street. Saa Fran-
cisco, en MONDAY, the 1st day of August,
1004. at 11 a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
agents' wasted.
AGENTS wanted to eell our hlgh-grads nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
cot necessary if you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chico Nursery Co., Chlco, CaL
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
ACTIVE parties easily clear $3 to $6 daily
Felling our specialty; experience unnecessary.
B. F. Whitton Mfg. Co.. 516 Mission st.
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING. Attorncy-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor; entrance room fill; established 15
vears; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenir.gs by appointment. Tel. Re4r"S601.
AIjVICE free on ell legal matters; divorces a
specialty: private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companies onranized;pat»nts obtained:
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; estab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. 13
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of.
soldiers, pailor?, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I havey secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; q'ulck, quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 619 Market st.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; all case?.
Room 4C\ Parrott bldg.. S55 Market st.
L. S CLARK. 927 Market et.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pensions— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & PENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — Bargains In 1903 autocar. Pierce
motorette. two-cylinder Toledo with ton-
neau, White*Stanhope; any reasonable cash
offer connidg-ed. WJIITE GARAGE, Mar-
ket and Franklin sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand White
Star.hope automobile in. pood running order.
Address box 3299, Call office.
FOR sale — A runabout automobile; nearly new;
first-class condition. Box 3199, Call office.
POPE Toledo car for sale; reasonable. Box
32CS. Call office.
FOR sale — A • Rambler touring car. Box 32SS,
rail offlr*.
ASTHMA EEMEDY.
A. Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly: 10c. 25.- 50c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
HOARDING FOR CIIILDKE*.
A LADY wishes to take care of children at
her home; reasonable. Call at £30 Mission
et.. in basement.
BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from 206 Powell st.. to S57 Geary st.
BISI.\ESS CHANCES.
A— $1SOO; ROADHOUSE, with flne~ITving~Uid
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc.:
a well-advertised and good-paying house.
Call It. G. WILKE. 261j Kearny 6t.
A— $0000; CORNER Faloon, with 4 years'
lease; about 4 block from Market and Ellis
iu.; place doing a rushing business; value
in slcht; owner must leave for the East.
bee R. G. WILKE. 26 '* Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBER *hop; 3 chairs; established
5 years; best location on Geary St.; cheap
rent. Particulars R. G. Wllke. 26',i Kearny.
A— $£50; CORNEF. saloon; lent $U0; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
Ms : a good business; owner engaged In
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years: a
first-class paying place. Bee R. G. WILKE,
2C^i Kearny tt.
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant In 8an Rafael; dally re-
ceipts $25; rent $30; good business; value
In tight; patronized by best class of people.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— 41000; SALOON in the Potrero, with 6
rooms; rent $50;p!ace established many years;
good business; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $500: CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $4500; SALOON, located in Watsonvllle;
rent $47 60; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
tewn. Particulars R. O. WILKE 26 tt
Kearny st.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business In ' the interior. Call R G.
WILKE. 26 Vt Kearny et. '
A— $5500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; S years' lease; value in
sight; cne of the bed offers in Santa Crui
County. Particulars R, G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying, corner saloons In this city;
daily receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location flrst-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $35; location
flrst-class and a flne paying business; will
etand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton ets.: rent S150; lea««; place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st. .
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
legs than $1000 per month: location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. .
A— $17C0; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion acrofs the bay. See R. G. WILKE 2b 'A
Kearny st. . ' .
A-$55O0— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan"-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
I $900 — OYfeTER and chop house; choice located-
average daily receipts $27 50 now; flne pay-
] ing business. Merchants' Agency. 100S% Mkt.
I $1^00— RESTAURANT, coffee and lunch rooms-
establiehed 13 years; run by same party 4
living rooms well furnished; rent $50; cause
sickness. Merchants' Agency, 1008% Market.
$000— BEST paying delicatessen store in liveli-
est pert of city; dally receipts $40; will stay
to teach bupinesn; value In sisht. HER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 10OS% Market St.
$3.-/> BUYS a well-paying branch bakery and
delicatessen rtore; desirable location. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1008', Market st.
; $2200— COUNTRY hotel; great summer resort-
. big transient trade; large dining-room seat-
Ing $2<a>: plenty dishes and tableware; rent.
! water and electric lights $25; a rare chance
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market st.
HARDWARE and paint business, established
2C years by present owner, will be *old at
Invoice, on account of falling health.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh and nail-
road ave., Alameda. ,. - -
GOOD paying bakery; flne store trade: for
sale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS A
MEHRTENE. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
*~??r B 5 A^ CH bakery: -4 living rooms; rent
$15. H. C. K.O.OF. 121 {Valencia st, _, . \
Yr~*\ I 1 r^ A ' \I Df TV /^D CETT T with equal facility by placing
UU LAIN.DUI UK OtLL '¦ THE RIGHT SORT OF AN AD
Continned.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddv st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
fummer outing; also for winter shooting- and
lisliing; completely furmsnea and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
Ftik-tly new and moUern: accommodate 12
people over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to so East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eaie or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.: aksays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED to exchange income property in Ala-
meda for stcc 1 * of merchandise In S. FV;
value about $S000. CAMERON & CO..3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
Keneral jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERO^f & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, 23x120, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything flrst-class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; ban a. fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
7. A. BARR. Manager,
Suite 807-808 Call Building.
Buy, sell and exchange high-grade fur-
nished apartments and leases; also furnished
hotels; promote any proposition of actual
merit. We have specl.il advantages In this
line and can certainly prove of service to
you. We deal only in desirable properties at
reasonable prices and often can offer genuine
bargains. Call for particulars.
IMPORTANT to apartment or rooming house
owners — We have a cash customer who wants
to buy the furniture and lease of a well-
located apartment or rooming house; wants
from 40 to 100 rooms, with modern conven-
iences and good Usht; willing to Invest from
$4000 to $8000. Write full particulars or
bring Fame soon us po«3lble to THE
REALTY EXCHANGE CO.. suite S07-S0S
Cail building.
44-ROOM apartment-house, with 12 private
baths; best lighted and most conveniently ar-
ranged In the city; desirable location; well
furnished: rent only $240; lease; price only
$1250; will average over $200 per month net
profit; keeps full during summer season. For
particulars call on REALTY EXCHANGE
CO.. suite E07-8CI3 Call building.
FOR sale cheap this morning — Saloon license;
come early. 1007^ Market St., room 1.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007>4
Market St.. room 1. *
HERE Is a chance to make money at home;
send $2 to S. H. STUART, 415 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland, and learn how to make mir-
rors (looking-glass), bore holes In glass, cut
glass In any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; right in your- own town; this is a
money-maker; satisfaction guaranteed.
FOR sale or rent cheap — A hotel which is
practically new; capacity 20 rooms; unfur-
nished; all modern conveniences; located in
the village of Freestone. For further Infor-
mation apply to I. T. WARD, FreeBtone,
Sonoma County, Cal.
WELL-PAYING old established art and curio
store, centrally located, beautifully equipped;
will exchange! for country property; mubt
6ell at once, account severe sickness; no
reasonable offer refused; Investigate this.
Address Box 3255 Call office.
$4<K>— PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
$3500 — Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good barg.
$225-$3000 — Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$S30-tsouo — Haloon with leases; good bargain.
$ST>0-$50O0 — Grocery & bars; stand lnvestig.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 31S Kearny St.
WE want offer on roadhouse worth $1000.
Grocery and bar at Invoice; enap.
$1100 and $5CK) — Swell flats; Van Ness ave.
$500 — Grocery and liquor store; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
FOR sal* — Coffee, tea and spice route over
18 j-eara' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars In-
quire at J10 Front St.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
CANDY busm-ss; Powell st.; within block of
Hotel St. Francis and theaters; valuable lo-
cation; gpleLdid opportunity; business estab-
lished; expet.siv" fixtures; $3000: other inter-
ests. Address Box 1744. Call office.
$400— OLD established cafe and restaurant;
pood trade; peats 50; 4 private room6; rent
$20; fixtures cost $800; good reasons for sell-
ing ; gee owner. 800 Valencia st.
FOR Bale — A good paying saloon, lunchhouse
and bowling alley; proprietor goe« to Ger-
many: no agent. Inquire at 38 Geary st.,
room 45.
floo — OYSTER and chop house; must be sold
account of sickness: nr. Examiner building;
private rooms; 2 entrances. McNULTY,
759 Market st.
$1250 — BAKERY in prosperous mining town;
3 horses, 2 wagons; receipts $35 per day;
rent ?30; lease; no opposition; trial given;
everything complete. S7 Third St., room 14.
$500 SECURES Interest and position In manu-
facturing business; party wanted to oversee
help, attend shipments, etc.; nothing dlffl-
cult. Office, 247 Fifth Et. city.
FOR sale In a good town in Alameda County
hotel of 22 bedrooms, parlors, dining-rooms,
cardrooms, barroom, etc.; rent $50; Income
$'J0O per month. Addresa box 3294, Call.
I WISH to sell my half-interest in grocery and
bar and family liquors on a good corner in
the Mission; average daily sales $37 50; price
$1050. Address box 3107, Call office.
A- -$250; PARTNER wanted In light business;
must be satisfied with $15 to $35 a week.
231 Post st. room 6.
¦WANTED — Steady man for steady place; will
pay $90 a month; cash required $250. 632
Market st.. room 6.
PROFESSIONAL woman, with property for le-
gitimate, nrofltable business, desires partner
with capital; Investigate. Box 1882, Call.
Established hardware and paint store in buey
location, San Francisco; small capital. Call
or address Owner, J»71 Broadway, Oakland. ¦
$100 WILL buy a good paying restaurant.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh et. and
Railroad ave., Alameda.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure parlors on
leading street; dlears $200 month; must be
gold on account of departure. Box 1773, Call.
GROCERY for sale; good trade In a growing
neighborhood; will sell reasonable; sickness
cauce. Address Box 1446, Call office.
WOOD, coal and hay yard for sale In good
location In the Mission; established 14 years
Address box 3261. Call office.
$250— PASTRIES, notions & confectionery,
laundry agency; 3 furn rms and basement;
electricity;large stock; flne trade. 525 Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen; flne location; will
sell at great sacrifice. See owner, 403
O'Farrell st.
FOR sale — A large bakery In country; clears
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out fcf business. Address box 3137, Call. ¦
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold at once; cheap rent;- lease. Box 1226,
Call cf flee. Oakland.
YOUNG man with $260 and satisfied with $75
monthly wanted as partner In established
and genteel business. Apply 235 Kearny st.
FOP tale — Cheap; saloon and 4 rooms, all fur-
nished, and kitchen; centrally located; city.
Call st 409 Sansome et.
PARTNER, with small capital, for oyster
house: good stand: good locality. Address
box 1243. Call office. Oakland.
$3200— HOTEL and bar; 40 rooms: rent $65;
bar pays expenses. 121 Valencia st.
YOUNG man with $100 to buy half interest in
good paying business. 917 Market, room 1.
FOR sale— Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
$300 — DAIRY and delicacy stores, ¦ with living
rooms. 3"9 Hayes st. ¦
FOR sale — lodging-house and restaurant. In-
quire S10>£ Folsom st.
RESTAURANT for sale In Western Addition;
- good location. Box 1811, Call office.
$450^ — ELEGANT • candy and Ice cream store;
• living rooms; rent $35. 210 Fourth.
RESTAURANT and delicacy fixtures for- sale
and store to let. Call 9 o'clock, 411 Turk et.
WANTED— To buy a hat store. Address box
S283. Call. - - . .
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard. Ad-
dress box 3282. Call office.
FOR SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties
. going East ; . corner " Duncan and Guerrero. ,
FOR SALS: — Saloon. Call at Western Rubber
fiums Works. 521 Mission st, • - ;\
SPIRITUALISM.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance
Thursday evening to eld Light of Truth; 50
cents. 328 EUia at.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c; private readings to-day and to-morrow.
619 McAllister st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock sharp. $1. 1CS4 Bush st.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-wrltlng. heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— Call at once and saye $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for IL
VAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant aad
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry, in fact. I will tell every hope;
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and causa
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. n. to S
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell sL, 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads ypur life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are la trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
bow to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THET COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone.
428 Eddy st. ; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
CAGLIOSTRO. the mystic. Just arrived: this
famous adept teaches the ancient sciences
which give power; classes or private; sit-
tings $2; if sick or in trouble, call. 36S
Geary st.
A — Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to S.
ISMAR. Egyptian ceeress. The Vendotne, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
s. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
.reader: when others fail try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.O.ave. Tel.Larktn 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 833 Howard.bet.4th&3th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. .220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates.
facts: readings daily. 917 Market, room 3.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the -wonder of the
age. 1207 Market St.. room 11.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune*
teller, is now at 317 Ellis it.
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whale bon^^ainTr^reair;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. &0c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from <8 per set; extracting 50c: eaa given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1093 Market. 2d floor: all
flrst-class dentistry at low prices.
P a rl . s . D ?2 U . 1 , ? arIor »« S 35 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 23c.
ALL work warranted by the New Tork den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 963 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-<lenttst.rl4. 1st
floor. Phelan bl<U 806 Market, cor. OTarrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. |2; no
' -»ala: osea Sundays. J>r.p..B,H.8Wltt20i Suttr.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Com.
marionTgriffin.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming houses and hotels for sale.
SO rooms; corner house; new; above ordinary
in modern conveniences; elegantly furnished in
mahogany and birdseye maple; clearing S260
mo.; $4000 cash required. MARION GRIFFIN.
130 rooms, new, modern hotel; If you want
a bargain, get particulars at once. M. Griffin.
44 rooms; guaranteed to clear $200 per mo.;
(2000 cash; get particulars. Marion Griffin.
14 rooms; corner house; an ideal home and
money maker; owner sick in country; must be
cold at once. See MARION GRIFFIN.
70 rooms; 2, 3, and A room mites with baths;
beyond question the most magnificently furn.
apartments In city; for price, terms, etc, see
my exclusive agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500 buys this week only 86- room house:
newly furnished; in splendid condition; every
room, occupied by steady roomers; rent $250;
long lease; profit $250 mo. Marlon Griffin.
24 rooms; all on 1 floor; always full and easy
to take care of; for quick *ale reduced from
$1600 to $1000: i, cash for a bargain; see my
only agent. (MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500; 83 rooms; beautiful corner house; part
rash, balance to be paid out of earnings of
house, which Is over $300 per month. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
$1800; 22 rooms; corner house; rent $110; run
by present owner 3 years; Ideal home and al-
ways sure to clear more than $70 every mo.
MARION GRIFFIN. '
$200 cash is all you need to buy IS rooms
with almost new furniture; where on earth can
you beat this offer for a business that is clear-
lng over $05 per month. \MARION GRIFFIN.
If you are looking for a hotel, lodging-house
or apartment-house, it will pay you to see
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bldg., S. I\, Cal.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent; steady and
transient trade; my falling health only cause
of selling. Box 2689. Call office.
WASHINGTON, 2 — 13-room house furnished
complete: gcod business.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite- Fifth
Open until 11 p. m. - (
CARPET BEATINO ANDCLEAXINO.
COMPRESSED^Alr" and "Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop- prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 80S Market St.; phone. Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
Ing Works. 356-387 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELLS. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works 1809 Har-
rison tW. Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
S ,5 uperlor C«rpet- Beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat"
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter it.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &. CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating: works; price,
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR Sale — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath-
In the Mission; a great bargain. Address
box 2218. . Call of flee. .
FOR rent— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath. ' 230
Lee ave.. Ingleslde. . ;
'^¦-'-. '?_ ; CLOTHnrO BEWOTATCTO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing.' Bon March*. 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made-
. city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main BMO.
OujtES aUPTUitE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders. 110; bo
:¦ AltcomtorV 120ft Market it.; send for drculu,
THE CALL
•TO UN D. SPR ECKELS. . . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHX McXAUGIIT^.^^^. .^tnnager
W.I J. MARTIN Business Manager
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator *\M1 Con-
nect Tou With the D. [>artaient Tou \\ lsh.
Publication Office. ...Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial P.ooms £17 to ~1 Stcvcr.fon st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. For Morih. Single Copirs. 5 Ct».
Ttnrs by Mail ir.clnJ'.iis Foliage <Cash \\ Itn
order;:
IHILY CALL Ondud. Eucflsy). 1 year..?S.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Suadajr). 0 mos.. 4<X)
PAILY CALL— By Kinfile Month Joe
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.5y
WEEKLT CALL. I Tc»r 1.00
_._.„_...»- i Daily... *R.SO Per Year Extra
FORT1GN | eSSst* 4 .15 Per Year Kxtra
POETAGE. (Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTEHS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£*:rri» Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall sutferibers in cnJerins charge of ad-
dress thou'.d be particular to give both NEW
AND OLI> ADDKEPS In order to Insure a
prorr.pt ar.d correct compliance with their re>-
cuest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
3016 BroaCway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2143 Center £tre«t Telephone North 77
TTASHrNGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAML'EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
V.-s'.dorf-AFiorla Hot<M; A. Brentano. 31
rr.ior. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave- ,
cue Hotel aad Hoffrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcermn Hour*; P. O. News Co.: Grest
Northern Hotel: Tremcr.t House; A-jtlitortum
liatel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO nKPREFENTATIVB:
C CGOBGE XIUX;NESS..Miirquette P.ulia'rg
<Lf>r.K Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19.")
NEV/ YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTON • Herald Square
FI-S1NES3 OFFICE of the San Frandsoo
CalL corner Market ar.d Third streets; open
unti! 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1C'« Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t:: Montgomery street, corner Clay: open
nottl 8.30 p. m.
SW }Ja>es street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
C5T* McAllister street; cpen ur;tU 9:30 p. m.
»:ir> Larkin street; open- until 9:30 p. m.
1S4I Mission etrtet; open until 10 p. m.
22M Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
urti; 3 r- m.
1C6 E'.oecth etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
VfrC Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. in.
Northweft corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tuck v Etrects; open ur.til 9 r. ra.
22fO Fillmore street: open until !• p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
YKP.EA BUENA Chapter. Knights f-|
Hofc Croix, No. 1. Masonic Temple. M
t; Poet Ft. — Special "meeting THIS '. 4BK I
(THURSDAY) EVENING. 7:30 fy
o'clock sharp. Election of e«ndl- J>j
-latf-F and fifteenth dirree with full J\j
ceremony. Visiting brethren ccr- LJ
dially invited.
HENRY BURNER (33). Secretary.
MISSION Chapter N<>. 79. R. A. M.— a
fpeclal Tneetir.g THIS (THURSDAY) Jy
KVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch
degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lod*e No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. irtll meet tins (THURSDAY) Jy
EVENING at 7::tO «• clock. Third
Decree. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A- m
M.— Special meeting THIS (THUES-
1>AY> EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third <2e=ree. Master Masons cordial-
ly invited. By orfler of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary-
SOUTH FAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. »
21J. F. and A. M.. meeu THIsVSr*
(THURSDAY) EVKNING at 7:*)/>rS'
•"•'clock for Third Deffree. Master
Masons cordially invited. By order of the
Master. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
I.x'>RIC Lodge No. 21«. F. and A. M. — •
Firft Degree /THIS (THURSDAY)W
KVENING. 7:S0 o'clock. Masons cor-/V\
<l;a!!y (SVUcd. Ey order cf the Mas-
. t«r. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FTAIiR KING LoCse No. SM, F. and m
A. M.. 517 Dev-fadero St.— First de- x/V
gree THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING
at 7:30 o'clock. Master Masons cor-
• tiisily invited. By order cf the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KLBEL Cork Benevolent Society — The
picnic committee will meet THURS- V^'lf
DAY EVENING. July 14. to arrange V>Nj
7. To be held at f-'hellmound Park.
'¦ „ P- DEASY. Chairman.
J. SULLIVAN, Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v r>».
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) K^
EVENING ia Fraternity Hall. 32 ¦vV;l$2f
OTarrell st.. at S o'clock. >^5*
GEO. W. PATEP.SON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
CALEDONIAN Club— Regular meet- . r-? ~
lsr end "ladiee' night." Members f% Sfr
and their families are rec/jetted to v\T<Y
attend open meeting FRIDAY *£^*
EVENING. July 15. at 8 o'clock, Scottish
Hail. 117 Lerkin et.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
EFRVIAX Benevolent Society — t
Officer* and members are re- /VrTft
fp*ctfu!ly requested to as- »«&<K
remble st the lodge rooms, 102 35F5F5S
OFarrell EC. THIS DAY at %*£&
'¦¦'< p. ra for the purpose cf
transacting official business. WlfinhN
By order of JOHN A. LJUBI- YJ&llKiT
BRATICH. Preeident. X^53^
V. RADOGEVICH. Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary, New York. June 15 1904. Notice
to stockholders. •
To tho Stockholder! cf Southern Paclfle
Ccmpany:
Notice is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
• t a meeting th!* dsy held called a special
ir«-etir.g °t the stockholders of said company
to convene at the office cf the company ia
Bffcfcmont, Jeflenon County, Kentucky on
Wednesday, the twentieth day cf July 1904
et 11 o'clock a. in., standard time, to consider
end »ct upon resolutions to be brought before
them «t eald meeting in substantially the form
asd to the effect following, vis:
-Resolved (1», that the capital stock of the
£ CT2t / <:r ? r 5 clflc Company be Increased one
hundred million dollars by issuing one million
BdCltionsl shares ct the par value of one hun.
c\re<5 dollars each."
¦•Roeolved (2). that the wild increased etock
rhall t-e preferred stock; that the holders of'
ruth preferr-a ttocU ab&ll be entitled to dirl-
tfen'U in each fiscal year at such rate not ex-
ceeding seven per cent per annum, payable
eeml-annually out cf the net profits, as shall
fce declared by the board of directors before
s.r.y dividend shall be declared on the common
nock; that such dividends shall be non-cumu-
latlve: thst the holders of such preferred stock
shall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
other or further thare of the profits of the
company; :hat. upon the dissolution of the
ccrcpany. voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
cf rreferred ftock fhall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribute of ery part of the assets of the com
rary shell be made to the holders of the corn-
men «ork; ttjat raid rreferred stock shall be
Iteued *nd told Xrcm time to tlmo to such
• rocucl* and in such manner, as the board or
directors may authorize and determine, but
et net less than the par value of the snares-
that !t tha:i be convertible into common stock*
frtitre for rhtre. at the option of the holders
ar «sy time; end rhc'.l be redeemable at the
«>ptior. of the company on or at any time after
th» first day or July. 1&05. and bciore the flr«
<Sa> 'of July. 1830. at cne hundred end fifteen
fioliars per share." :
"Resolved . (S). that the board of directors
**«'.! be and they lire hereby authorized to es-
tfcbii£h, ire::, time to time, and enforce all
tv.h rules and regulations respecting ¦ the Is-
sue, tale, redemption and convorsion cf euch
stock, not inconsistent herewith, as in the
;u£rmeat of- the board may be neccstary or
ts^eC'ent."
For the purpose of euch special meeting ths
•lock transfer books of the company win be
rioted Joly 1«. 1P04. at 3 o'clock p m and
recTxr/ed "Thursday. July 21. 1904. at 10 o'clock
*- »-^\_
AEfcX. MILLAR. Secretary aad Clerk.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
cirty for the Prevention of- Cruelty- to Ani-
ra»is win be held In the Parrott building on
JJONDAY. July IS, 1904; at 4 o'clock p. m..
wfctn a board of trustees will be elected.
C B. HOLBROOK, Secretary, j
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR sale — Cigar store and laundry branch, slot
machine: scod established trade. Box 1S32,
Call ofnee.
CORNER grocery; bar; flne fixtures; long:
lease; low rent; doing good business; bar-
galn It sold in few days. P.. 3163 24th »t.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOI>GI.\G-UOUS12S FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1000
a Eddy Et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
10S rooms: cheap rent; new and elejrantjy
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired;
rare cbance for rlcht parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1220.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights ; ions lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; rood
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; flret-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat; rent $10; oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $350. .
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything
In first-clans condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
37 rooms; rent only $70; flne little .apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
ISO rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
houce; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; flne lease, paying: $500 to $600 per
month; close in; full nice people; bargain if
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of j sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: dolncr flne business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference. -
Larpp Hat of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade; always on
hand. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
20 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country . transient. 6000
81 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 . rooms, '. rent $70, ; transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room .".. 8400
Hotels and roadhouse ' and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
H. C. DECKER has 110-room house. 2 blocks
north of Market; new. -modern and up-to-
date; long lease at $5 75 room; owner open
for an offer. Full particulars from DECKER
906 Market st.; phone John 631. * >». ¦<&.
MITCHELL &. CO.. 1206 Market St.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, larr* list to select from." t»", -
LODGING-HOUSE, 36 rooms, for sale; central
location: well furnished; light .rooms. : Box
' 3274. Call office. > , ' . -
SEVEN-ROOM transient house, for sale. 131
Taylor st. , :
24-ROOM -housekeeping 1 house; great bargain;
,_ account slcknesa. 743 Eddy, st.
FOR sale or exchange for real estate — 20 rooms,
.rent $40; with lease, $150. M7 Howard et, ,
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS FREE
¦ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL '
BE SURE TO GET ONE OF
Walker's Self-Pulling Corkscrews
PATENTED. f^jS^ *° '^^
S§7 removes all kinds of stoppers and / 1£</§h MzedCofk *-
HI CUTS THE WIRES. * / -VV"
ftfl TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. / - /
| j) I NO PULLING REQUIRED. ,* /
I'll SUPERIOR QUALITY. '^S
Removing Aluminum Stopper. TESTED AND WARRANTED. /
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco OalL corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every ntght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. |
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until t:S9 p. ra.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. 1
A 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra. I
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. /!\
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m. /|\
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until t p. m. /|\
e; 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. |__-
yyjj 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra. Mt3i
\~ri Northeast corner Church and Duncan- street*; epea until I p. ra. \T»
\l/ Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; o»en until • o. «». \l/
VH 1200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. \|/
I OAKIjAJTD OFFICE* I
101« Broadway — -. .„_.. .Telephone Main 1M3 I
I BERKELEY OFPICBt I
,, 2141 Center Street „_ .«-.. Telephone North TT
ALiAMBDA OFFICE*
Schneider's Book Store Ptrk StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 19.04.
13
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
P. M. GUNN. 63S Commercial at..
Phone Main 1191. 6 doors off Kearny.
NEVADA.
Office Fee Only $1. . Fee. $1.
The boss is here; talk to him; eee the
wages he pays: Teamsters, $2 80; laborers,
12 50; these wages are paid on the U. S. ca-
nal In Nevada; 2 years' work.
LABORERS— NORTH— $60.
10 laborers, railroad work for. large lumber
company; new work in the woods; company,
t water and climate O. K. ; take this and make
money; it'e good.
CARPENTERS
6 bridge carpenters, company work, $90; 5
rough carpenters to build barns, round-
houses, etc., $70 and found; long Job.
ARIZONA.
New Work and Big Wages. Fare $10 50.
LOOK AT THIS.
Laborers. $40 and found.
Rough carpenters, $70 and found.
Teamsters, $62 and found.
Laborers, $53 and found.
Stableman, large land company, south. $30
and found.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial st, near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
NORTH, by rail — Large lumber company
wants 5 rough carpenters, build trestles,
barns, roundhouses, etc., $70 and found; 2
j carpenters, lumber company, cheap fare,
$2 50 day and found; carpenter, do little
blacknnlthlng, lumber company; 2 carpen-
ter's helpers, lumber company; trackman,
lumber company, logging railroad, $50 and
found; 5 lumber pliers. $35 and found.
LOGGING railroad. In woods, lumber syn-
dicate, north — 15 laborers, that's you, $40
and found; 10 railroad laborers, lumber com-
pany, $130; hundreds of other Jobs.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talktr, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop; no reasonable offer
refused. 1090 Valencia st.
! BARBER shop for sale; good wages guaran-
I toed; give you trial. 225'4 Fifth st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
bundle wrapper. Apply HALE BROS., be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Young man who has had some ex-
perience In .dress goods and silks to accept
a position in Sacramento. Apply at HALE
BROS., between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. . Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Porrespond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
WANTED— Laborerg and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous«*.
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
WANTED — Sttady man for office; light work;
$60 month; $150 required security. 1221 Mar-
ket Ft., room 1.
TWO young man and two young ladles, agents
for rapid selling article; big money. 214 Pine
ct. room 20, 11 to 12 o'clock.
FOR Sale — Country hotel barber shop; near
city: no rent; price $S0. H. BERNARD. 104
Seventh st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade In five
weeks: new method. HAIGHT. 647 Com-
mercial St.; paid while learning.
TRY our men's shoef. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition in S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
YOUNO man to' travel and organize; previous
experience not essential. Box 1772, Call.
WANTED— First-class car repairer. Box
mo, Call office.
ABLE college men and high school graduates;
apply mornings. 326 Post st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale; cheap.
3147 Twenty-fourth Bt
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; price $125;
take* In $15 a week. C60 Folsom st.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop; living rooms.
C«r. Sixteenth and Mission sts.
BARBERS — -For sale, good paying shop in
country: snap. Inquire 2092 Mission st.
A profitable outing: pick hops In August. Write
E.CLKMKNS HORST CO..122Battery St. S.F.
LABOR debta collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy, r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson rt. .
ENERGETIC, hustling man of good address.
Apply 121 Geary Et., room 629.
WANTED — Man and wife as cook and waiter;
25 to 30 men. 1S14 San Bruno ave.
BARBER, 12 months' experience, wants steady
place. Address box 1901, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; readin«r-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ALL sizes men's Bhoes. slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
HELP WAJTTEP — SAI»ESMEIT.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents, dealers and
storekeepers, start In business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for aa little money as others retail ready
made goods: you can control entire local
trade with our line: fall line 3DO up-to-date
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc.. now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive' territory; experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept
A. Washington boulvd. and Union. Chicago.
HORSES AXD W'AGUXS. ~~
AUCTION eale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom Et.
BAY horse for sale; weight about 1150 lb«;
perfectly sound and gentle; 7 years old. Box
32S1. Call office.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
VERY pretty little saddle mare; young, sound,
Kentle. 2046 Mission st. ; phone Capp .£3a;l.
FOR «ale — A very stylish saddle horse; slngle-
footer. Box 3221. Call. '
BUSINESS buggy for sale. Box 3293. Call
office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market st, opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.buggles. wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of hcu^es^toTetT»«XfoTcTrt
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
lk»>. MU> 'in ut^'i Kl tt.Ni.NHKl).
FURNISHED house to let; 8 rooms and bath;
convenient to car lines; nice garden. 29U5
Washington at.
HOLMES Kllt.MSliED FOR SALB.
COZY flat: 5 rooms, bath; completely furnish-
ed; cheap rent. 1204 Guerrero, St.. flat A.
EIGHT-ROOM furnished house for sale; In
Western Addition. Box 3298. Call office.
———————— ____
A— <J PER CENT GUARANTEED ' "
Or 5 per cent and Participation In Profits.
• Invested Only In first mortgages.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
708 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
•.¦•¦'¦: -?; directors.
Hon. James G. Magulre, ex-U.S, Congrecsm'n
\ Hon. Edw. K. Taylor, ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdoek, Pre«. C. A. Murdoek A Co.
I Allen M. Clay, Sec'y Bank of California.
(Joseph A. Leonard, Oeneral Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice In this lesue.
INVAI.IP CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel.Park 775.
LOST AND VOVSU. ~~ "
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions Coral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Butter. 6HIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — Last Monday, young dog. white and
brown, with collar and license; please re-
turn; reward. A. WISE, 922^1 Folsom at. ;
.LOST AXD FiUXD — Contlnned. .
FINDER of ring and money, ring engraved
J. B. to H. F.: keepsake of dead mother; re-
turn ring and keep money. 1313 Folsom st,
after 6 o'clock.
JULY 9. on Washington »t, a gold watch.
Owner can have same by calling at 61 Jack-
son rt.
GOU) rlmmetf spectacles, on Larkin st., bet.
Ellis and Golden Gate ave. Please return to
634 Post st ¦
LOST — Sunday, in or near Golden Gate Park,
1 • lady's gola watch with diamond setting;
liberal reward. 1830 Fell st.
LOST — German daschhund, black and tan. mere
pup; liberal reward. 2355 Bush st.
LOST — July 10, lady's breastpin, dagger and
crown. 1005 K st. So. S. F. ; reward.
LOST— Pair of opera glares; reward. J. W.
MILLER. 120 Sutter st.
'FOUND— Young bull calf. Apply at CROW^
LEY'S Boathouoe, Melf?g» wharf.
EAXmCHES FOB HEBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.,UnIon-st Wharf; boat-
j Ing & excursions. 5 Bteuart St.; tel. John 2686.
' MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard __ phone South 216.
~ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relhsf
from irregularitieR consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. 'WHITE,
702 Market ft., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for airTemaie
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 82C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for alffe- J
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st, opp. Oth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured leaEe of
premises Is permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth at, bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER, 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
DR. • ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MIXES AXD MINING
WANTED— Parties to Join in placer and
quartz gold proposition; can be readily In-
vestigated. Call or write 225 Parrott build-
Inp. city.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH ft WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOGS YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
Iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, bullere, pumps,
pulleys, shaftlnc, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
A — FINE suits, $7 SO; dress pants, $2 SO. Orig-
inal Mleflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. in.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear «t
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS. 'watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payment!. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st /
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlore,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's «hoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
FIREWOOD; large load; $2 delivered. E. C.
PITCHER. 6th and Hooper; tel. South 375.
FOR rale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021 Mi Market st.
FOR half — 3 small puppies 11 weeks old (1 fox
terrier); healthy; pretty. 420 OTarrell st
"000 FEET patent chimney pipe; second-hand
lumber of all kinds at 8 Valencia st.
ANTIQUE mahogany furniture at 1517A San-
chez; always on hand; .cheapest place to buy.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. 01 McAllister st.
HOMERS. Runts. Runt crosses: Al squab rais-
ers: stamp for cata. C. Wilson. 229 K Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
SAFfiS and desks; new and second-hand; prices
rieht at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
calupl, moved to 78G Mission st
ROUND camping tents for sale: cheap; some
new: 16x16. 319 Third st. : tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING -pictures, magic lanterns, tale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at
SAFES — New and second-hand. E.- B. BECK
4- CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches:
all »Izpp. J E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont »t.
BIiyCELLAXEOUS AVAXTS.
BIG price.* paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc. : send
postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st. .
A — MORRIS elves highest prices for ladies'
and gents' castoff clothing ;poatal. 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing Tel.
Davis 825; C50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing und
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 672 Mission; phone Bush 467.
MOXEY JTO LOAS.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
601-802-C03 Examiner building.
Quick eettlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgaces, undivided Inter-
ests- assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; leeacie?. life eetateg and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly.«onfldentlal.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. . - ;
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Box 490, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confldnntlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch. ID Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton ; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned . to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market at
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1008 Mutual tav. Bank bldg., 708 Market j
REAL KSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market st.
$47,500 — Business corner on Mason st. near
Ellis; rents $1S5 per month; the only piece for
sale In this vjclnity.
$13,000— Howard-st investment; 3-story
building containing a store and two flats above;
strictly downtown property.
$7000— Two flat3 on a sunny corner; 35-foot
frontage; 5-U rooms and bath, large reception
hails, electric lights, tiled bathrooms, porcelain
tubs; absolutely new and modern; can be
bought S100O cash, balance same as rent
$7000 — Rent $71 per month; 4 modern flats,
containing 4-5 rooms and bath each, en Sac-
ramento st: finest portion of the Western Ad-
dition; no better investment can be found.
SeoOO— Corner of 20th and Potrero ave.; gro-
cery store and bar, stable, large flat above;
permanently rented.
$6000 — Two brand new flats of 5-6 rooms and
porcelain bath, large reception halls, electric
lights, tiled bathrooms, saloon parlors: ele-
gantly finished throughout; large lot. 34-foot
frontage; mortgage $2500, or could be bought
for $1000 cash, balance on easy terms; >Ic-
"Alli?ter-st cars.
$C000 — Clay-st.. residence, near DevUadero;
two-story and basement bouse of 7 rooms and
bath; rent 940.
$5500— Three fine flats on Clara St.. 5-8-6
rooms; new plumbing; rent $52 per month.
$4250 — Clementina st.. near Eighth; 4 very
1 fine 4-room flats, rented for $41 per month;
this Is a positive bargain,
$4000 — Up-to-date, new, modern cottage;
electric lights; very finest In the beet portion
of the Richmond district. For sale on easy
terms.
S3150 — Two-story residence of 6 rooms and
bath on Lexington ave.; rented for $21 50
per month.
A FEW PICK-UPS FOR THE FUTURE IN
BUILDING LOTS.
$2250 — Sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice; 27:6x100
feet; Frederick st. west of Wlllard; adjacent
lots selling for $125 per front foot.
$325 each — Two lots on Twenty-first ave..
near A st.
$250— Sunny-side building lots; M st. near
13tb ave.; 28x100 feet Buy this and deed It
to the little ones. It will become valuable.
$150 — East line of Hoffman ave.. near Dun-
can st: 27x102 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st ¦
0 SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery st.
200 Montgomery st.
Selling. Leasing. I
Rents collected. Insurance. •
$l«0.0CO— Splendid Thlrd-st. business corner,
adjacent to Market st. ; substantial new
improvements in immediate vicinity;
present Income can be doubled; lot has
60 feet frontage.
$62,500— Downtown, north of Market st; In-
vestment property; lot 25x112:8- feet,
with 3-story building, store and rooms
above; under secured lease for ten
years; $25,000 bank mortgage can re-
main: renting for $354 per month; prop-
erty in perfect condition; Investigate.
$18.000 — Eddy st.. east of Larkin; fine lot. 25x
137:6 feet, with Improvements; renting
low at $50.
$11,000— Desirable, south of Market-st sec-
tion; lot 25x#5 feet, on Howard st.
with Improvements at very law rent
brings $&0 per month; business and
dwelling
$12,500— Exceptionally well built, new. hand-
some, bright and sunny Western Addi-
tion flats; select neighborhood; nothing
better for the money in the city; must
be eeen to be appreciated; rent $1440
per annum; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$8,750 — Nice recldence; In fine neighborhood
on Bush st; could easily be converted
Into handsome, well paying flats; lot
27x100 feet.
$2.650 — -Nice new frame cottage: ti rooms and
bath; in desirable part of Mission; rents
for $25 per month.
$2,500 — Downtown section; 3 small flats, rent-
Ing very low for $29 per month; could
be readily Increased and made to pay
handsome returns on small investment;
want offer.
CHOICE LOTS.
$5,500 — Superb corner on Golden Gate ave.;
lot 37:6x100. suitable for apartment
house or flats.
$4,000— Waller st, near Masonic ave.; 27x
137:0 feet; can be bought right; Want
offer.
$1.600— Lot 25xlC0; desirable portion of
Golden Gate ave.
SPECK ft CO..
209 Montgomery et., opp. Mills Building.
WHY NOT OWN A HOME?
Here is a chance to get a fine building lot in
San Francisco; splendid marine view; no.
sand; city water; church and school privi-
leges ; 20 minutes to center of city; 6- minute
car service: only $125; $1 per week: no in-
teregt ALTADENA INVESTMENT SYN-
DICATE, room 312 Mutual Savings Bank
bldg.. 70S Market st. San Francisco. Cal.;
phone Jchn 0U71.
ATTRACTIVE old English dwelling; Just com-
pleted; 9 rooma and bath; choice location:
beamed celling; walls paneled In natural
woods; open brick fireplace; window seatt>.
etc., a thoroughly swell home, complete In
every particular; terms to suit. 905 Ashbury
St., take Haight or Ellis transfer to Ma-
sonic ave.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE,
2C Montgomery st. room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 812 Callaghan Ml,
win build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$230 DOWN and $20 per month: cottage. 5
rooms and bath; 219 Twenty-seventh st
$500 down and $30 per month: house of 8
rooms and bath: R rooms; rents for $25
per mo. D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap — Neat cottage. 4 rooms and
bath: large basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army and
Condon sts.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
THREE swell new flats for sale on SE. corner
ISth and Diamond sts.; builder on premises.
$200^ — CHEAP lot near Ashbury and Seven-
teenth. Apply 133 Valencia st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH ft MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st
REAL KSTATK fnnn Jrr For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64a
Market st.
BERKELEY ADVEET'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $i>00
Lot 40x135; mac.; within % block $450
Half block adjoining R. K. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1066 University are..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
2230 WARD st.— 2-story 6-room house; lot 40x
135: ctreet work complete: must b« sold.
1003 Virginia st— Lot 40x100; street work
complete. Call and Inspect
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE nEAL i ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. |
OAKLAM) RKAI. E.STATB.
$050 CASH. $10 monthly: cottage of 4 rooms;
well, chicken house, shed; 8 lots. 100x245; '
all fenced; young fruit trees; ground in culti-
vation; fine chicken ranch; lovely site; sandy
loam soil; school and electric cars near by;
new homes going up right along; fine marine
and landscape view; no fogs nor winds here-
adjoining East Oakland: price In all $1373;
call or send for circular. 455 7th st. opp.
Broadway station, Oakland: carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Landowner.
FOR sale at a sacrifices — New. modern -house of
0 rooms; everything first-class. Including
fence and lawn; lot 50x100 ft; owner built
house; elegantly furnished; will sell all or
part; easy terms. 656 Brockhurst »t, near
• S2d and Grove sts., Oakland.
FOR SALE — By the owner, a modern 8-room
house; close to Santa Fe station, between
San Pablo , and Grove sts. : on sunny side
of street: sun in every room: east and south
bay windows; a bargain. 828 Thirty-fourth
st.. Oakland.
O A KLAND _FURXITUR_B_ FOR S A LE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. scheMhaasjllth st,cor.store,Oakia_d, (
HELPJWAXTE1J — MALE Contlnned,
A— MURRAY & REAl)Y7~ffit4^~aay~st
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
C0.000 Men Work. Increase tW.OOO.
He has arrived. Now at our office,
liepretentative of United States Government.
Work being done close to Wadsworth.
In State of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to all, to you.
Cost only $1 office fee, see boss.
Muckers. $75; see boss. '.':'- ' .'•
Teamsters, $75; see boss.
Laborers, $75; see boss.
Drillers. fUO; see boss.
Concrete mixers. $75; see boss.
Call early; see representative at our office;
first-cla** fuod and accommodations; steady
Jcbs; crowds going daily; are you?
SANTA FE R. R.
I? good to us; tt> are good to you.
H*0 Miles. FLORENCE. $10 60.
ARIZONA.
Via Preset. 8 p. m. dally.
Drillers. $3 to $3 B0. Center
Teamsters, $2 to $2 50 of
Laborers, $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
Don't be stingy with your distance; get
closer to Los Angelen, the land of sunshine,
fruit ar.d flowers, where men can work every
day at big wares.
..'.'?, 555 Teamsters.
fCO Month for You.
Pare by Railroad— Only— $4 60.
Office Fee $1— -That's All.
:.„¦¦ COOKS.
Cook, hotel, mine. $45 found.
Cook. mine. Plskiyou Co. : boss here. $35 fd.
<>x>k. 17 boarders. $45 found. 1
a cooks, boarding hotels, $40 and $55 found;
4 dish and pet waBhers. $25 and $30 found.
B*>dmak»r. country hotel Z2 .'.0 found.
Handyman, city hotel. $10 found. •
Walter, arm work. Fresno Co.. $40 found. !
2 waiters, commercial hotel, south. $30 fd.
Walters, fare J2. ume place. $45 found.
Waiter. firtt-<;las9 city hotel. $35 found.
Waiter. $1 75 fare. $S week and found.
j 3 waiters, city hotels, S. F., $30 fcund.
Bedmakrr. country hotel, $22 50 and found.
Ircner, $12 week: mangle hand, $10 week.
MECHANICAL.
Machinists, mine, town. $3 . r >0 day.
Woodworker, country shop, $3 50 day.
Wheelwright, i'i 50 day.
Swamper and chain tender, wooda, $45 fd.
Bandsawyer, editerman, ti'> found.
15 shlnglers, different country jobs.
MOLOERS.
C Iron molders; boss here.
Carpenter ani cabinet maker, stair building,
city, $4 50 day.
Shingle jointer. L. Co., Sonoma Co., $30, $35
found.
Ironmrld^r. fare $1, foundry, $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers. $4 day. country.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 9i>c. $1 day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Grader. lumber company, north, $90.
Tail edfferman. fare $3, $2 25 day.
Gani; edgerman. lumber company,
lumber co., south, $50 found.
12 e<x>i*?rs. slack work, Ftoady, 10c barrel.
6 ra*h and door hands. $3 60 day.
2 lumber graders, boss hen?. $90.
Lumber rraa»r. boss hew. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $10 found.
Gar.g edgerman. Lr Co.. $75.
3 nv*n make stave* and split staves, redwood,
bees hire, $50 found: 2 screw turners; 2
carriage tetters; hook tender; 5 Fh ingle
packers.
MINES.
16 machine miners. $-J«.
Boy to l»am cabinet trade, city. $4 week.
Oans charcoal burners. 10* to 15c sack.
Man run s-rarator. 12 «*ows. boss here, $:« fd
Laborer, do little butchering, mine. $32 00 fd
FARMS—- DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers, $30. J35, $40 found.
12 farm hands, $30 found.
14 chore men, boys. $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen. $30 found. JfiO. $75.
LABORERS — TEAMSTERS.
LOOK
15 laborers for a factory. $60.
15 laboivrs. city, board yourselves. $2 25 day
2 laborers, city foundry, $2 25 day.
3 brick wheelers, Fouth, $tJ7 50.
3 hay balers, l^c ton.
22 laborers and teamsters. 52, $2 25 day.
12 laborers for mines, vcu'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer co., $50 fd.
4 farmers and wives, $40, $50, $00 found.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $33 fd.
FOR A MINE.
Choreman and wife, German or French, $60.
MURRAY 4; READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES. $4 60.
By Santa Fe R. R.. 0 p. m. dally.
155 teairisters, $1 60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlandn. Riverside.
Pomona, center of oranges, lemon growers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ITALIANS OR GREEKS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
SPANIARDS OR MEXICANS. ,
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
AUSTRIAN'S OR SLAVONIANS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
EEE HEAD R. R. OFFICIAL. HE WILL
TALK AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
SIX carpenters, railroad and bridge work,
lumber company, north, $3 day.
2 carpenters, fare 1. $3 day.
Machinist, understand box machinery.
Wheelwright, lumber company, S3 50 day.
Experienced mailer, city factory. $2 25 day.
4 painters and paper hanger*. 8 hours *3 day
Carriage painter, 25c fare. $3 to $3 50 day.
Blacksmith helper. *2 to $2 50 day.
LOOK •
2 laundrymen, hotel, country. $43 fd.
Second cook, city Job, $18 week.
Second ceok. 50c fare. $35 fd.
2 pole painters, fare 10c.
BOOKKEEPERS.
Bookkeeper and storekeeper, mine. $S2 50.
, BUTCHERS. BOSS HERE.
25 m-rat cutters, butchers, $2 day.
MINERS.
6 machine miners, gold mines, boss here, $00.
l«i miners, tfold mine, besg here. $75.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634 and «36 Clay st
THREE typewriters for our office; also 2 men
copy addror^e*. hand.
MURK AY & READY. C34 and 630 Clay st
AT HORD & SMITH' S.
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third St.
Laborers. Monterey County, $2 25.
Laborers, near city. 82. free fare.
Stabkman. city. $60; Email stable.
Cook.- small suburban hotel, $40.
Ariio:ia. IO.V) miles, fare $10 50. laborers.
Southern California. $4 GO; teamsters. {2.
Nevada — Laborers. $2 50; teamsters, $2 80.
Fare refunded In 20 days.
"red gp.oss employment agency.
CC2 Clay Ft-; phone James 2470.
15 teamsters S2 SO day
30 laborers $l> 25 day
!i railroad laborers $2 day
8 woodsmen $2 25 day
3 tie men. 11 cents ix>r tie.
3 woodchoppers. 2-foot wood $2 cord
4 carpenters' helpers $2 day
1 cook, country hotel, $50 month and found.
TWO carpenters. $4 day; barker for redwood,
S10 tncl board; farmer and wife, $50 and
fcund: farmer and milker; screw tender, $50
and found: private family cook, $35 and
j found; elevator boy. $30: porter. $25 and
! found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
028 Sacramento Ft.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12—
Headwalter, 50; elevator boy. $25; waiter, $30.
YOUNG nucn everywhere, ¦ copy letters . home
evening; $9 .V> week. Fend addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept W4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — 50 men to take part in production
of "Robert Emmet" at Central Theater.
Apply at state door at 10 o'clock this
fThursdcy) morning.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Gold»n
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to posltionr, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evening*
WANTED— Partner with $500 to take half in-
tercst in vaudeville show under canvas;
ready for road. Call between 11 and 1 o'clock
136 Ninth *t.
HANDY German, business bartending; expe-
rienced; references; no other need apply. Box
17C3, Call office.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade:
steady work: no night or Sunday work; $23
security needed. Apply 310% Fol»om, upstairs.
WANTED— Strong boy. about 16; wages (5 per
week. Apply FIUEDLANDER HAT CO. 823
Pine ct.
¦WANTED — A first-class horseshoer, used to
heavy city work: fire and floorwork. McNAB
. & SMITH. 205 Davis st
WANTED — Two first-class machinists; stand-
ard wages. Address box 2220, Call office.
A GOOD tailor on coaU. SUM Third «t
WANTTD — A young man for bootblack at
1000 Mission st.
MAN, manage business and collect; $80 month;
$150 required. 1118 Market et.. room 1.
WANTED— A dishwBJher. 194 First it
WANTED— A flrst-clao barber at Plaza Bar-
ber Shop. Oakland.
BOY T/anted— To learn trade. THE FINK &
6CHINDLEB CO.. 13t» Market «W <
EMr_OYME^JKVAATED— MAJJ__^ \
AN~eyperier.ced til around 'metal worker and
ineta! poUsAer and especially In soldering
rre:al «pe*J— German and English, would
'Ike position: will start at moderate wages;
<«n furr::*h bend If necessary. FRITZ. 2
Carolina place, r.r. Powell and Pacific sts.
GArTiENUR. ftrtt class in all branches of
par<*en:nF. < ompetent to take charge of gen-
tlfaun't ground*, wishes v*os!tion on private
pia.ee; rtfircr.cts. Adcrvss W. N., box 2217,
«-&!! cffii-e.
A inCH-CUAHS fpeclalty salesman In food
product* and groceries desires to make a
comecUcn with ¦ thoroughly responsible
bcu*e; !¦-** a European and Oriental experl-
ersre. Box 3140. Call office.
A BAKTENDEH, German, sober and trust-
worthy. »ar.u position In city saloon or ho-
tel: e<w>d recommendations. Address CHAR-
LET HOFFMAN. Slo Jessie et. '
Cl'TTER and taller <3S> desires position; city
<r country; N>w York references: free trial.
Box U'16, Call. ,
A POSITION a? <-pm die and tool hand: rna-
r*hin« or ii.. <•¦! work; competent to take
'fcarjre; good references. Box 1764, Call.
A GERMAN, rclddie-aged and single, wishes a
Bttoatton hi a grocery store and bar-room;
r.m-cir.?i? references. Box 32S4. Call office.
• TJACHMAN and pardener i»ituation wanted by
a >our.g man; best of references. Address
1253, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position ¦» Jan-
it.-r; can take chRrce of a building and can
five reference. Box 312(5. Call.
A WATCHMAN or private detective, best of
city r»frr»nee. wants x«f«ttion. Bex gOLOaU.
Painter, pap^r-hancer. tlgnwrlter. wants work;
_t___ fur. 1272 Folsam St.; phcr.e Mint 131.
EXCELLENT Japanese cook warts a position
In nice family; city or ccumry- Pox 32>0.
""all office.
A COOP Chinese cook wants position In a fam-
ily. T. I.. 21 Erenham place.
PLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUPE KFXTI.VG DEPARTMENT.
All desirable \-acant hou«-» and f.ats are list- j
*"1 In mr free renting department: over 1000 I
in cumber; a ccnibinfd !ist from all agencies;
let «? give you a lift anJ help you to find
a place: ¦«¦<• never fai! : *erviee free.
STERLING FTKNITl'RE CO..
ia-J9 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOt'REP srd fiats to let: an immense lift;
service absolutely free: take advantage o f
thi* department; it will pave you time ar.d
tmuMe. Cordes Furr.lture Co.. 245-25'.*
CJemry ft., on the square.
JCINCTFTENTH. ."632—2 r-ar.ny flats to let: 4
rTim* and bath, $22 50: 5 rooms and bath.
?^: kfy st premises.
JCOE. lOfiO — Beautiful new fiat; sunny corner;
• 5 r.y^mf and bath: all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 24th street cars.
HARRISON. 5CS— Fine, modern, new flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
NEARLY new upper flat; 4 rooms and bath.
:a0V Teharr.a *t.
FILLMnp.E. 1124. corr.^r— 7 large, light rooms
p.r.d hath: 'mederri: rent 140.
FH< ITWELI* 1" — Sunny lower fiat, 4 rooms,
ha?h aTV__ard__$l«.
FELL. 382. near Octavia — Modern sunny lower
Rat, 5 rooms and bath.
LAP.GEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
<-v- I.YON' & HOAG. 1IC Montromery st.
FLATS TO LET FLIIMSHED.
HAIGHT. 1238 Bcena VlFta. cor. Central ave! .
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
hpast 1:se all conveniences and is situated in
feiect neighbor hoed.
FLATS FOR SAI.lv Kl RMSHKD.
?-ir><t — 7 BOOMS? n*wly furnifh^d. cozy flat;
rent $13; bargain. lOlTi Post st.
FVRX1FHED flat, 6 rooms, for sale; sunny
and on car line. Box C2S7. Call office.
FL'KNISHKD modem flat. <"> rooms, for sale;
rent *.'J2 50. Box 3138. Call office.
F2VB-AOOM Tat. furnished, for sale. Address
brx :j2CT. Call office.
FCRMTLKE FOR SALE. ~
I'Ol" can luy $7r> worth of furniture for $7 T>O
¦town ani $1 50 i>er Week. T. Hrilliant's
Kurr.lture Co., 340 Port Ft., near Powell.
Ar<;-rvn Auction House. 1'.* Turk. nr. Market.
:urr.i.*h»H: everything for the house ;low price*.
rrSXITCRE etoves. boupht, f=old exchanged.
fary'T. WJ Valencia. nr.H'th.Tel.Church 3S79.
FIIIXITIHE WA.VTEP.
ABE LEVY.
Balecrooa. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
I^n't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
"Iture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur- [
riturr-. carpets. gto. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
UELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Protestant girl. general house-
w-.jrk. 4 In family, San Rafael, $30; girl for
general housework. t=anta Clara Valley. $:&; '
Gf-rnmn girl, geceral housework. San Mates.
$30; Berkeley. $25; 2 first-class German
cooks. $40: chambermaid and waitress, coun-
try hotel. $25; infant nur^e. $25; parlor maid
*nd waitress. San Rafael. $30; ironer for
r: rmes hot<-l. t~'>: v ;i ::;¦•-.«>. country hr,t«l.
•25; 1«- jrirls. general housework, city. $20.
*-1 and »:». Apply to J. F. CROSETT ft
• "<"i.. :j;J4 Sutfr «t.
A CHAMI'.ERMAID and seamstrefs; private
btnflr; *'{'•; : Terences.
A c(«>k for pri%<!te family; $40.
A <-<v>k !or Fmail resort; $*}S.
A lauadmsi for private family: $30.
A wecond ciri: f2<t ; city place. MISS PLUN-
I_j______;r urect. near Powell.
WOMEN end girls to work on fruit; clean.
healthy place; higher wapes paid than by any
r.thfr car.nrr. Code-Portwood Canning Co..
Bryant an-i Tenth Fts.
A— WA NTKI i— oTrTs tTI learn hairdressin*.
•*....••;• etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: tuition f.'t to those entering nay:;
three iiOfitions tu fill Immediately; positions
ft:arant«?ed at 110 per week up; leading
pi nool in Wwi. '££ Geary *t.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall 6-a-
BOn; both seasons taught from start to finish
in one month for *1j; pox'tions as trimmers.
talesladiec. etc., gusra&iw4 at $10 per mk. up-
day and evening clats. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Halrdrecging, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
rr.fcnt, hair wcrk. removal superfluous hair;$5 2
%'ks. ; day, *ve, cla«?: po«=itl-irc tecured. highest
?.ages. Removed from 1230 Hkt. to 133 Powell.
LADIES wasted everywhere copying letters
at home. «ver.inrs or spare time und return
to u«: no mailing or canvaFsing: *y weekly
earned: materials free: Inclose s»!f -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co
No. W 4. Ninth et. Philadelphia, Pa.
GIRL for counter work in a bakery; good
wajr^F. rood hours. C12 Kearny st.
WANTED— A f.rst-claas (JInneT waitress at
:m>4 M^son Ft.: wages $5 a week.
FIR!?T-CLA<?S waltr^**; wages $s! 206 Mc-
AlMster tt.
WANTED — Experienced corset woman to go to
Stockton. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
- HALE BROS.'
MIDDLE-AGED lady as housekeeper for
widower end child in Colma. Apply 2009^
Fijlmore et.
WANTED — Middlc-aiged woman for country;
plain cock'.r.g. Call 2012 Folsom, mornings.
SMART girl as cashier; must understand
bcckkfeplng; <7 week. Eox 1911. Call.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in Auguit
Write E Clemens Horn, 12? Dattery st.S.P*.
HELP WASTED MALE.
~_^ ,
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE* only
eirht weeks required: positioni *ecured- con-
Btarjt pracUce and expert instruction; frpeelal
ofTer and catalogue mailed free
MOHLEB SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat~~man to
. take charge of a hat department In a store
situated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 23 to SO
year* of ejre. Addren box 1S02, Call office.
WANTED — Ger.tleir.an of courteous and p]*as-
ing address to act as floor walker in a asr*
mercantile establishment: must have belt of
references. Apply box. 2202. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man wanted to take
charge of stable of 9 or 10 horses and 5
wagons: must give best of references. Box
VAjH. Call office. x
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros Co. School of Pratil&l
Plumbing; tsend for catalogue Address 4372-fi
E_etcn tvt, fit JjooIm, Ho. .
J[1_VK\ 1O LO ;V?~9? nt _ t: .. n _ t ?r'_ ft .-_ i
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth s^. :
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage?,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton 8t.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
8TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 338 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
lhi PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVINO. 610 Hearst bid., Ex. ent
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL JXSTRU.MEXTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains fur piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
¦ and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CUKTAZ
PIANO CO., 5G0-U2-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickering, Vose,
Steinway. Steck, Sterling, Curtaz. Neuman,
Erard. Haines and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
upvights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary sf! Oakland, 12*2 Brcadway.
' A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new: $135. 237 Geary st.
$G0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD* standard upright piano for sale; $85.
_STATHAM, 110 McAllister St.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthy pay-
mentg. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poetage paid.
OFFICKS AXD STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 015 — To rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room; best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. SCO Post wt.
PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on ln-
etallmentfi or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
eore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk at.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133s Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence Eoliclted; strictly confi-
dential. Bex 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
rkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curlrg organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, ellk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 70U Fifth st, Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery tt.
BEST white lead. 7c per -pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3.124 inth. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 009. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book?, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at al! druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
it advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened lit IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Op«n until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
A-MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. : phone Polk 4611.
FATJEMTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market et., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason et. now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st, near Leavenworth. •
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st, tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. U. S. Geologl-
• cal Survey, Washington, D. C, May 2tt. 1904
— Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at the office of the United States
Reclamation Service, at Reno, Nevada, until
2 o'clock p. m., July 15, 1904. for the con-
struction of about 37 miles of main distrib-
uting canals. Involving about 1.500,000 cubic
yards of earthwork, with diverting dara.
regulating gates, spillways, falls, weirs and
bridges, for the diversion and conveyance of
about 1800 cubic teet of water per second
trom Carson River at a point about 4 miles
west of Lectvllle, Nevada, to Irrigable lands
In Carson Sink Valley. Bids w_l be received
on (A) excavation and embankirftfet for one or
more divisions or all the work; (B) head-
works; (C) falls, spillways, weirs, lateral
headgates and pipe drains: D) highway
, bridges. Specifications, form of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
28, 1904, by application to L. H. Taylor,
Reno. Nevada, and to the Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington, D. C,
at whose offices the plans may be Inspected.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for $1000. payable to the Secretary of
the Interior, a* a guarantee that the- bidders
will, if tuccessful. promptly execute a sat-
isfactory contract and furnish bond In the
sum of 20 per cent for the faithful perform-
ance of the work. The right Is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept one part of a bid and re-
ject the other, as the Interest of th« service
may require. Proposals must be marked.
- "Proposals for Distributing Canals. Truckee-
Carson Project, : Novada." Bidders are In-
vited to be present THOS. RYAN. Acting
Secretary. • - ' ¦
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 12. 1004.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27, 1904. and then
opened, for construction of wharf at Dis-
charge Camp, Angel Island, Cal., Including
coal ahed thereon; Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or 'all bids in
whole or in part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
TYPEWRITERS^ ABTO STTPPIOIiS.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
1 Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, 536 California st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster, Typewriting Inspec. Co., 608 Market (
IN THE WANT COLUMNS OF THE CALL
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley recldence to ex-
change for unincumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River secticn; Berkeley property con-
sists of 0-room residence, lot 45x134. wltta
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; In desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4027. Call office.
IF YOU HAVE PROPERTY FOR EX-
CHANGE. CITY OR COUNTRY. IT WILL.
PAY YOU TO SEE P. C. LASSEN * CO..
466 TENTH ST.. OAKLAND. CAL.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN 612—2 or 3 newly fora-bed
rooms complete, cheapest In city.
BUSH. 2120— Two furnished rooms comptete.
for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA, 1280— Desirable rooms tor
housekeeping; will furnish to salt.
CALIFORNIA 13C4— Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen connecting; complete; no chil-
dren: reasonable.
CAPP, 940. nr. 24th— 2 large front rooms and
kitchen. $18: two rooms $12.
DEVISADERO. 1516— front or back rooms, fur-
niahed. with or without hsekpg; reasonable.
EDDY, 1829 — 4 sunny connecting rooms, newly
and handsomely turn, complete; absolutely
clean:, fine garden and yard; rent $27. in-
cludlng all gas.
ELLIS. 1223 — Elegantly furnished snnny suit*.
,wlth kitchen; also single rm.; very reas.
FELL, 120^ — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and double parlors; gas and phone.
FOURTEENTH. 778 — Two handsome unfur-
nished rovnu, light housekeeping: prlv. family.
GEARY. 925 — Elegantly furn. sunny suite on
parlor floor; new carpets; piano; yard; reas.
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny, corner, unfurnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; gas; bath; phone.
etc. ; adults.
GOUGH. 663 — 3 sunny front rooms, regular
kltonen. priv. bath and laundry; reasonable;
also room for light housekeeping or 2 gents.
HAIGHT. 222— Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms for couple; phone; references.
Call 1 to i and 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON, 74S— $11 and $12 suites complete
for hgkp. j gas, laundry; 1 front sunny rm.tti.
HAYES. 796 — Two well -furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping: very reasonable.
HAYES, 974—2 beautifully furnished sunny
bay-window housekeeping rooms, with con-
necting kitchen: running water.
HOWARD, 1971 — Young couple will rent part
of flat: furnished: new and modern: cheap
to right party; young couple preferred.
HOWARD, 2000, nr. 16th — Two or three sunny
rooms; furnished for housekeeping; gas. bath.
JESSIE. 33:! — Sunny front room, furnished
housekeeping; gas range; $3 week; others.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LARKIN. 1007. cor. Post— The Cragbura. H. Bur-
Ungame. prop. ; rms.. single ft hkpg.apartments.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat«
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; rea«.
MCALLISTER. 907— Two nicely furnished bay-
window rooms and bath, gas and coal stoves;
German; $16.
NINTH St.. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
runn'ng water: bath; reasonable.
OAK. 117. 533 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12: gas range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1394-1305 — New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced rates.
PEARL, 3. cor. Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms: no children; phone.
TAYLOR, ' 911 — Furnished suite, gas range.
$12 50: 1 aunny ruom. gas range. $7; slngl*
room $6.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell st.— Partly fur-
nished bay-window suite; always sunny;
also complete housekeeping rooms.
THREE unfurnished rooms to let. Inquire R.
COOK. 1S12A Post at., rear houae.
; APABTMEgT HOUSES.
8T. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van New ave.—
The acme of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. ele?. light, clev.. gas range.
SENTINEL (The>. 879 Turk, adjacent Jefferson
Square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and I
rooms, ready for occupancy; phone East 917.
A— WHITEFIELD. 122S McAllister: ele. sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A— ROSSWELL. 1360 Pine, nr. Hyde— Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY— 2-3
r. ; $15 up; gas stoves; baths: tel. Polk 1908.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts. ; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
OCTAVIA 1423— Most select anartm't house in
city; 3-4 rooms ; ele. furnished; reasonable.
ST. LOUIS. 1373 Jackson st- — Modern 3-4- 1
rofltn«r furn or unfum. • r»f« T»t K-*«f 1W>
RUO.M9 TO LET Kara, and lofar..
X— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Roomi
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 5O night;
$1 50 to $10.week; house open all night.
ABERDEEN. 836 Sutter — Cor. house; hand-
somely furn. room facing street; sun all day.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1277 — $12; a large furnished room, suit-
able for two.
CALIFORNIA . 1251 — Three furnished, swany
rooms with private family; no sign.
CALIFORNIA, 1280— Elegantly furnished rooms
' for gentlemen; rates reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 432 — Elegantly furnished, sunny par-
lor suite: bath: also single room.
. » ¦
EDDY. 806. nr. Van Ness^ — Sunny front room;
. running water; also eide room.
ELEVENTH. 21— Sunny rooms, furnished op
' unfurnished; references. ...*, .-..
ELIZABETH. 727— Healthy, high location; 2
single rooms. 1 double. $4. $5 and $9: board
If desired; near Castro and 24th st cars.
ELLIS, 750. Hart Apartments — Fine furnished
rooms; one. on ground floor business purpos-a.
FELL. 436 — Furnished sunny front bay-window
room.
FILLMORE. 1007 — 2 nicely furn. front rms. :
gents preferred; bath: modern; board opt.
FIRST. 194 — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; reasonable; board if desired.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences: for 2. ?"iJ
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also slnrl- rooms; $2 to $8 weeK.
GOUGH. 445— Nicely furnished rooms, all con-
veniences; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 3jo
to $1 25 night; $1 SO to $6 wk. ; readlng-rm.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at lo^r
rates; 23c to $1 day and $1 25 t» $3 week.
JACKSON. 1173. cor. Jones— 'Furn. and unfurn.
rooms; marine view; private family; refa.
i JESSIE 363. east U. S. Mint — Large front
j room. '2 beds, $10: single. $3 month.
JONES. 919 — A comfortably, sunny furnished
room; all conveniences; gentleman.
MARKET, 1049A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons.
1' ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 30; week, s-
to $S; month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath-".
SACRAMENTO. 1032— Sunny Rouble parlcrsT
furnished.
SACRAMENTO. 13tS3A — 3 rooms, separate en-
trance: rent $7.
SCOTT. 223 — A large single room; gentlemea
or two- ladles; every convenience.
SEVENTEENTH it. 4166. nr. Mkt— Ele. furn.
san.rm. -.gas.bath, piano: $$: beard op. :genu.
SIXTH. 240'-i — Furnished rooms, day, week or
month: location central and reasonable.
STANYAN, 810 — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping; facing Golden Gate Park.
STEINER. 123— Furnished rooms to let. with
or without board: reasonable.
STOCKTON. 41 and 43 — Nicely furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms; $1 50 to $8 week.
Continued on Page Fourteen.RESCUE PARTY REACHES
'CORBETT_AXD COMPANION
Both Young Men Are Exhausted After
Their Imprisonment on the
Ledges Below North Dome.
YOSEMITE, July 13.— Burke Cor
bett Jr., a son of Burke Corbett of
.San Francisco, and Allen Bates 'of
Palo Alto, the two young men who
were lost on the ledges below North
Dome last Sunday night, were brought
into camp by the rescue party at 2
o'clock this rnoi-ning. Both young
men were utterly exhausted, having
been without water for thirty-six
hours. In their desperate attempts to
get down the ledges they lost their
shoes and their feet, are badly lacer
ated. ..:•'¦* Otherwise, except for body
bruises?, they are not seriously .: in-f
jiired.
City and County of San Francisco to Mlna
£ H°«*t°n. lot on N line of Clay stroot. 05:0
E of Buchanan. E 2!»:3 by N 102 # S- $- 1
Same to AH. Turner, lot on NE corner of
VftUcJo and Webster streets. E 50 by N 130;
Mary F .Boyle to Martin C. Doyle, lot on W
8am a^ tln |f C ' Sle t0 Mary K DoyIe rwlfe >-
JnmM A. and Maude E. Mar^o to ChaHes
I* Taylor, lot on R\V corner of Clay and Stein
er Btre^ta. S 27:4^ h y W 93:9r."!!10
Colin and Antonla MoT.o!man to Julius Bacr.
W 100 by V S C ?0? e $10° f CTay and SprUCe » treet:
Charles Bauer to Sophie Bauer, lot on E
City and County of San Francisco to Cor
nollus and Mary Donovan lot on W lin» n»
w^-'e. 8^!!^, 125 S of S 24 by
Moses 'and Bertha Fish»r to- Thomas H
McCarthy, lot on E line of Noe Mrtft ITS q
S 25. E 121:6. NE SsYe. W 1M : 9?
City and County of Ban Francisco to Eliza
?v B^ n^-o^^^^ s « 1 b n y e i^T5 o I lr | t !^ h strect - ™
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma U Mer
ritt. executrix) to James and Marv.Fitzirerald
lot 27. Outside I^nds block 225- $308 *
Joseph and Mary E. Beldl to Mary'E Rus
«ell. lot on W^llne of Sixteenth avenue. " 100 N
of B street N 25 by W 120; also lot on NW
s;VBS avenue and B Btre<jt ' -w
B 1S^cet? n E X ?=: C « 0I "bTN f &?££* a '^'
Hcrace P. Howard to Katharine M Howard
lot on S line of C street. S2:fl E of Elchtcenth
avenue. E 23 by S lOOglft. -./ - S .~." "AJ 1
Joseph. Jacob. Harriet K. and Bertha G'
Weissbcin t<» Thomas I'enllnpton, lot on W*
ilo« or Thirteenth aveau*. 200 S ot\J «treet,
WEDNESDAT. JULY 18.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACmOXS.
The argument on an application for
a writ of habeas corpus by Edgar
Bayliss to recover possession of
Constance, his three-weeks-old daugh
ter, from Dr. George H. Jullly, 2518
Howard street, was heard by Judge
Dunne yesterday. The evidence
showed that Bayliss' -wife was In del
icate health and unable to care for
the child, which was taken to Dr.
Juilly's place June 28. Bayliss was to
pay $5 per week to Dr. Juilly.
Bayliss made a demand for the re
turn of the child on Tuesday, but Dr.
Juilly refused to give up possession
till he was paid $10, which he claimed
was due,, him. Dr. Lane, a woman
physician, was instructed by the
Judge to examine the child and If it
was in a condition to be removed to
have,/ it sent to the Children's Hospi
tal, as requested by the parents. Dr.
Juilly got his $10.
Local Physician Adopts Heroic Meas
ure to Secure Settlement of a
Board BUI.
HOLDS THE CHILD UXTTL
DEBT OF $10 IS PAID
Cal NW 5s.. — 113 | S P Co 4»is.l00 —
M C Wat 5s.lOO — I Sun Tel 5s.. — 104
Hi:- I Wks 5s — 105 ISutter-st R5s.lO5 113
Si? Drdk os — 113m UR of SK 4s. SO'i —
', MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25 30 I Mai Nav Co; — SO
Amer Bis Co — M> | Nev Nat Bk.lOa —
Cal Cot Mils — SS |N ." R R Co !)',i —
Cal GiECor. 47 50 IN Cal P Co. 10y s 101$
Cal Powder. — ' 345 j Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 jOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T 1 & T.115 — |IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Ek. Oak— 65 | Orpheum Co. — 15 I
Chutes Co .. — "VslPacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 IPac S Tel.. 100 102
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 j Ta.: Sur Co.inn —
Kaat Dynm.. — 270 | Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 00 |S F Drydock. 00 —
Do com .. — 50 |SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Ek. Oak. 120 — | S .1 Wat Co. — 106
F : fiher Thtr 40c — iSO & MTj:bt.l25 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — |S\v!f«-A Bk.115 — .
Gns Con A.. — 22 | Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. — 14 ilMi Ir.C pfJ. 47% —
Lont SF Bk. — 60 I Do com ... 9<i —
Afternoon Session.
Btreet —
$32,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 81 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 18
Caribou 8 75 ....
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont . 73 ....
Four 6-t .....
Fulton 200 —
Hanford 166 00 180 00
Home «1 40 150
Imperial 18 00
Independence 24 *26
I Kern 4 50 6 CO
I Monarch (of Arizona)* 25 30
I Monte Cri3to 6« 70
I Occidental of W Va 0»l .10
Oil City Petroleum 5S 00
Peerless 14 00"
Plttsburg- 04
1 Reed Crudo ;1 50
; S F & McKittrick .... S 00
Sovereign 30 42
Sterling 2 CO 2 90
Superior 04 - 10
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 9 7B
I Wabash 25 40
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 7 3714
Fischer's Theater 60 00
Northern Cal Power 10 25
Sanitary Reduction Works . . 1 00
SALES.
Morning Session. '
Board —
7659 Associated 18
1000 Four OH 65
150 Home 1 40
SCO Independence 25
Street —
50 Sterling 2 75..
Afternoon Session.
Board —
226 Associated 18
100 Oil City Petroleum 60
Street—
200 Fischer's 60
50 Fischer's 55
100 Fischer's 63 \
ICO Fischer's 67
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
; Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Gould & Cur. 14| 400 Silver Hill .. 50
100 Overman l»j 50 Union Con .. 34
6CO Potosi CSI 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
Afternoon Session.
100 Con C & Va.l 15| 100 Union Con .. 33
100 Mexican 1 OOi 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 10| 100 Mexican 100
I'OO Caledonia ... 65 1 KK> Ophlr 2 6<>
100 Con C & V.I 17»4j 200 Ophir 2 55
500 Crown Point.. 12] loO Potosi 09
200 Crown Point. Ill SCO Potosi ........ 08
500 Gould & Cur. 15| 000. Savage 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ... 22 5tO Savage 2t
10O Bullion lit 1UO Silver Hill .. 49
COO Con NY 04| 4O<) Union Con .. a2
! 300 Mexican 1 OO| 100 Yellow Jacket, ltt
6WJ (Jphlr 2 60[
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. \
Following were the sales' on the San Fran- !
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Moraine Session.
2S00 Esperanza ... O:j|450O Red Top 16'
100 MacNamaia . 54 1 1 TOO Jted Top 17
2100 MacNamara . 55|4400 Red Top lg
900 Mizpah Exten 25UC00 Red Top la
300 Mont Ton ...2 55| 200 Ton. Midway.. 5S
300 Mont Ton..2 62HI 10 Ton" of Nev.. 8 23
2200 Mont Ton ...2 501 .100 Ton N Star .. ;;4
500 Ray Ton (i7| 500 Ton N Star . . 38
2100 Rescue 12|
Afternoon Session.
400 Brunswick ... 10( 300 Ten Belmont.. 82
1100 MacNamara . 5»S 11O» Ton Belmont . 83
IO11O Mont Ton.. 2 47'.^ 500 Ton Gold M. 18 1
1C50 Mont Ton ..2 50 2000 Ton Midway.. 58
200 Mont Ton.. 2 52t£ 100 Ton of Nev.8 12V, '
1000 Paymaster .. 0.'»| 300 Ton N Star.. ;ii}
65C0 Red Top 171 1(500 Ton N Star. . 34 !
1200 Red Top 1614000 Ton N Star.. 33
3600 Rescue 121
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 13 — t p. m.
Bid.Ask.l . Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 OOlJustlce 20 21
Aha 05 07|Kentuck 02 04
Ande« 20 22iKeyei Grac*.. —120
Belcher 17 181 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch.l 10 1 15 Mexican .. 98 1 00 i
Bullion IS 20|Occidental ... 79 81 i
Caledonia ... 65 60|Ophlr 2 B5 2 CO '
Challenge Con 20 2^1 Overman 18 20'
Chollar 16 07 08 :
Confidence ... 75 80| .Scorpion 13 i«t ;
Con C & Va.l 15 1 '.'0| Savage 21 24
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher ..07 cy
Con NY 04 05! Sierra Nev .. 32 33
Crown Point. 11 121 Silver Hill .. 4<? 49 j
East Sierra N — (WiSt Louis .... 10
Eureka Con.. — T>0| Syndicate .... 04
Exchequer .. 86 3R| Union Con .. 82 3.1
Gould & Cur. 13 14 Utah 34 55
Hale & Norc. — 72 Yeliow Jacket. 18 1!) 1
Julia 05 07
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.l BId A . k
Colehan 05 10! Red Top 15 _
Esperanza ... 03 — I Rescue J2 is
Gipsy Queen. — 25 Ton Belmont.. R2 fi\
Goldfle-ld .. 95 1 07% Ton & Cal .... 10 "5
Gold M Con. — 03 Ton Cash Boy 08 —
Hannapah M. 23 — Ton Exten . . 1 00
Jim Butler... — 7fl|Ton & O W.. 04 11
Little Ton ..60 65 Ton Gold M 19
Lucky Tom... 03 —Ton Midway.. 57 kq
MacNamara . 65 08 Ton of Nev.. 8 00 —
Allzpah Er .. 15 — Ton N Star.. 35 36
Mont Ton ...2 47% — Ton & Salt L. 60 —
N Y Ton 02 03 Ton Superior.. — ofl
Paymaster... 05 06|Ton Union .. 10 I
Pine Grove .. 60 — I United Ton .. on
Ray Ex — 08|UtopIa ...... in l!
Ray ft O'Brien — 12 West End ... 13 «%
Ray Tonopah. 07 — |
Henry Opitz (owner) with George J. Doerlnir
(contractor). architect— All work for a
two-story frame, building (fiats) on NE corner
of Twentieth and Kureka streets. E 25 by N
110 IT. A. block 210; $5400. V
Fabian Joost '"Company (owners) with F L.
Hansen (contractor), architects H. Gellfuss &
Son — Excavation, concrete, brick, carpenter,
mill and stair work, roofing 1 , . glazing, tinning,
hardware, plastering for a three-story and
basement frame building (flats) on N line of
Fulton street, 100 W of Polk, W 50 by N 120;
$21,635. . .
Same owners with Henry Hufschmldt (con
tractor), architects same — Plumbing, gas fitting
and sewerage for same on same; $3254. -
Fame owners with N. Ostrom (contractor),
architects same — Painting, graining, oiling,
varnishing, etc:.- for same on same; $1850.
Sohmledel Estate (owners) with John M.
Klein Electrical Works (contractors), architect
N. Blalsdell — Electrical work for alterations to
a alx-Ktory brick building on lot on NE corner
of Montgomery and Clay streets. E 97:6, .N
CS:I>. W.07:6. S.6S:9:.*$1454.
1 Philip Bruckner (owner) with Moller & Sass
(contractors), architect A. . J. Barnett— All
work for a two-story and basement frame
residence on lot on W line of Carmellta street
155 B of Waller. 8 25. W 130-.9H. N 25:3.1-6.
thence E to beginning, lot 8. block a, Marlon
_The'Baird Estate (owners) with W. II.
\vicl;crsham (contractor), architects Xewsom &
Newfotn — AH work for two two-story attic
and basement frame buildings on N line of
Washington Ktreet. 47 E of Steiner, 44x102:814;
$11,346.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Aaron Lehman,
lot on W Mne of Bright utreet, 128 8 of Gar
flold. S 73 by W 100, block 47. City Land
Association; $10. )
- Anr.nbella P. and W. C. •¦ Budd to A. S.
Oroth, lot 16. block 3C6. South San FVandsco
Homestead and 'Railroad Association; $10.
Adolf Schwartz to Bernhard Getz. lot on
SW line of Persia street, 25 NW of Paris. NW
25 by SW 100. block 11, Efccelsior Homestead.
S 1C.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary A. Patterson to Robert G. Brownlie.
lot on W line of Whitney street, 150 N of
Randall, N CO, W 125. W.to point opposite
beginning. E to beginning, lot 4, block 26,
Fairmount; $10. »
Henry and Marianne Pottel to Minnie NUsen
lot on NE corner of Cortland and Nevada ave
nues. N 95 by E 50, block 2, Barman Tract;
Ella P. Cate (Clark) (wife of John W ) to
William and Charles Varnl. lots 13 and 10
block :i. Syndicate's First Addition; $10.
S. Ducas Company, (corporation) to Pletro
Mautino et al.. lots on NE corner of Thornton
nnil Charter Oak streets, N* 100 by E 200 lota
1 to 8. block O. Sliver Terrace; $10.
Estate of Mlchaol Hooth (by M. J. Hynes
administrator) to W. XV. Wilson, lots 1 and 2.
block 3. Sunnyvale Homestead Association,
W. W. and Kathe Q. Wilson to Joseph B.
Coryoll, vame; $10.
Charles D. McGowan to same, same; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to James Calveft,
lot on NW line of Lisbon street. 75 N of
China avenue. NE 25 by NW 100, block 17.
E-xcelFior Homestead; $10.
James K. Damon to Charles N, Searle lot
on SW line of Twentieth avenue. 150 NW of
J street, NW 100. SW 100, NW 50, SW 100
SE~1GO. NE 200. block 402. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
A. O. Colton (as receiver of Painter & Co.)
to George II. Roundly, lots 8, 9 and 13. block
1j6,- South Kan Francisco Homestead and Rail
rosd Association; $340.
Theodore P. Painter and as surviving, partner
of name to same, game; $10.
A. M. Wilson to Antone and "Henrietta.
Eberle. lot on SW line of Tenth avenue. 184:6
RK of Railroad avenue, SE 60 by SW 100
block 200, Central Park Homestead; $10
Ann Kennedy to Kate McCauley (wife of
Hugh), lot on N line of Bemla street, 235 B
of Beacon. E 7. S 25, N 00, N 7O:OV4, S 129°-
Solomon and Dora Getz to Carl Carlsen, lot
on \\ line of Forty-sixth avenue. 250 S of
H street. S 25 by \V 120; $10.
Felix H. Irvine to Solomon Getz lot on E
line of Forty-seventh avenue. 200 S of J
street. S 60 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Jessie D. Me-
Gowan, same: $10.
S Jl.'SW 00:5. SE 171:10. SW 48:8»4, N 194.
E 120; §10.
Chief Walker to-day swore to a sec
ond complaint against Kendall, charg
ing him with being a fugitive from
Davisville, 111., where an indictment is
in force against Kendall, charging him
with stealing $800 in money.
STOCKTON, July 13.— H. J. Kendall,
who with Mrs. Sabin Is accused of
having stolen nearly $10,000 worth of
diamonds and jewelry from Chicago,
was brought before Judge Nutter this
afternoon on habeas corpus proceed
ings. The Judge reserved his decision
until to-morrow.
cure His Release on Habeas
Corpus Proceedings.
Alleged Diamond Thief Seeks to Se-
STOCKTOX ACTHORTnES
STILIi HOLDING KRYDALL
SAN BERNARDINO. July 13.— The
managers of the Southern California
Hospital have completed their exami
nation of the books of Secretary
Clarke, who cconmitted suicide several
weeks ago, and reported that the
shortage amounts to 511,110 44, the bulk
of which was obtained through not re
porting paymenta^Tnade for patients in
the hospital.
Dr. A. P. Williamson, a native of
Philadelphia and a graduate of the
Hahnemann Medical College of that
city, was elected superintendent of the
hospital to fill the vacancy created by
the resignation of Dr. M. B. Campbell.
fornia Hospital Complete Exami
nation of Snlclde's Books.
Board of Managers of Southern Cali-
SHORTAGE OF CXARKE
AMOUNTS TO $11,110 4i
The following Is the list of reduc
tions, denials and holdovers made by
the board on the recommendation of
Assessor Dodge:
Simon Sllverberg 1 , five lots located on O 1 Far
rell street-hear Mason, reduced from $22,650 to
$19,500. Isabel Wood. Geary, near Hyde, from
$27,100 to $17,500; Kearny near Bush, from
$22,200 to $16,7d0, denied; Flora Kaliaky. Sixth
street, near Stevenson, from $26,950 to $20,000,
denied; Madeleine Carity, Howard street, near
Fourth, denied; Jane C. Finley, report of As
sessor not ready, goes over till next board
meeting; Gertrude Wares, McAllister and Pollc
streets, held over till next board meeting;
Sierra Investment Company, Market street,
near First. $273,000, reduced to $210,000 on
land: Margaret B. Merle, Montgomery and
Washington streets, $127,500 to $90,000, denied;
Geary and Larkin streets, $60,000 to $30,000.
denied: Channel street, near Seventh, reduced,
from $iOOO to $2000; Morris Osser. Eddy street,
near Leaven worth; two lots, reduced to $50
each; Nathan Delbanco. Post street, near Ma-
Bon, reduced from. $20,640 to $21,640; Slgmond
Schwabacher, JaciJpon and Gough streets, $41,
580 to $30,000, denied; Edward Burns, repre
senting Joseph Boardman. Sutter and Larkin
streets, reduced from $77,S00 to $70,000; Qharlea
F. Hill, reduced from $840 to $650;T>. Cluney,
denied; the Lizzie Merle-Belle Curtis estate,
held over 1111 next board meeting; Margaret
Moore, denied; George Halllday. 414 Third
street, heM over till next board meeting; Jonas
Elbert. Howard street, near Sixth, reduced
from $60.10 to $5030; Julia A. Drlscoll, reduced
from $1700 to $1000; Fred Goodman. Post street,
near Powell, reduced from $24,430 to $21,430;
Katharine Campbell, denied; Ello O. Mann,
improvements, held over till next board meet
ing; Charles S. Mann, Improvements, reduced
from $1300 to $500; John Doherty, application
granted; Mary E. Henderson, Ellis and Hyde
streets, from $10,160 to $8000, denied; Benjamin
H. Ltchtenateln. two lots en O'Farrell and
Eddy streets, denied: F. H. Castelhun, Folsom
street, near Hampton place, $3520 to $2500, de
nied; Channel street, near Seventh, reduced
from $24fiO to J150O; i Samuel Morgenntern.
Twenty-fifth and Howard streets, $5810 to $4175,
denied; Abraham Goldman. Poet street, near
Larkin. reduced from $S270 to $7270. other ap
plications denied; II. W. Newbauer, Geary
street, near Leavenworth, reduced from $14,-
U30 to $13,C"5O: Sutter street, near Mason, re
duced from $16,310 to $15,000, other applications
denied: Madison Helbrun, reduced from $5900
to $5000; Barr Schiedeman. Sixth and Howard
rtreets, reduced from $92,060 to $80,000; Jame*
Coffey. California and Webster streets $2100
to $1460, denied; Marguerite Meyer. Mission
street, near Fifth, reduction of $8000 through
clerical error; S. Bert. Howard street near
Harriet, reduced from $5640 to $4800; David
R. Jones. California street, near Kearny, re
duced from $9-100 to $7600; other applications
denied; William F. Burbank, Paciflc Union
Club property. Poet and Stockton streets, ap
plication denl«4.
Mr. Swinnerton, on behalf of the
Sierra Investment Company, claimed
that $273,000 was too great an assess
ment. He said that $165,000 was a fair
valuation. He claimed that the prop
erty had an old building on it and t»
sell the land would necessitate the
tearing down of the building. Con
troller Colgan raised the question of
valuation as regards the $15,000 the in
surance companies carried on the
building. Assessor Dodge objected to
taking an insurance company's valu
ation, as the law guides the Assessor's
office while the insurance companies
may take any risks they wish.
The application of William F. Bur
bank on behalf ot the Pacific Union
Club for a reduction of the assessment
on that property from $162,000 was
denied.
There remains a great number of ap
plications still to be disposed of and
the board adjourned till 2:30 this after
noon.
The second meeting of the Board of
Supervisors as the Board of Equaliza
tion was held last night in the board
room at the City Hall. State Control
ler Colgan was present ¦ at the hear
ing. \
PACIFIC GROVE," July 13.— With
perfect weather and very pleasant sur
roundings the Chautauqua Assembly
is now getting into excellent running
order with a large attendance from all
over the State. Dr. Newell Dwight
Hillls of Plymouth pulpit, Brooklyn,
was the lecturer to-night. He spoke
to, a large audience on the subject of
"Ruskin's Message to the Twentieth
Century."
The usual services in schools and
classes were held to-day, the devo
tional exercises being conducted by Dr.
W. C. Evans of San Jose. The forum
hour was occupied by Dr. George B.
Smythe. with a description of the
Russo-Japanese war.
John Ivey, a water color painter, en
tertained a large audience this after
noon with a talk on art, in*which study
a class has been organized. The free
open air concerts given by a military
band engaged by the citizens are now
held an hour earlier so as not to con
fiict with the Chautauqua Assembly.
The programme has had to be rear
ranged on account of the absence of
Dr. Stratton. The anniversary exer
cises which were to have been held to
morrow have been postponed until
Monday.
General Joubert is to lecture .here on
the 22d and Lieutenant Hobson on the
29 th.
Executive committees: 1 — F. J. Klrce. P.
P. Curtis, M. O'ShauRhnessy; 3— John E. Rich
ards Jr., Alexis Andler, Stanislaus A. Rlley;
4— P. R. Ward. Joseph Crease, J. J. O'Neill;
7— Eugene Raff erty. H. F. Bain. M. I. Lynch;
34 — Charles D. O'Connor. John M. Glennan,
Abner McMahon; 35— F. A. McCarthy. J. P.
Duffy, J. E. Cornyn: 53 — J. F. Hotter. Thomas
F. Harney. George A. Stanlev; 60 — C. McCar
thy, James Rlordan, P. Matthews; 72 — James
A. Waganer. Omar E. Doyle. E. F. Fltzpat
rlck; 74 — Thomas S. Cronln, Patrick Boyle,
James A. Strain Sr. ;-310 — Edward I/Ogue,
Thomas Farrell. John Sermattle: 460^ — J. M.
Sambrallo. C. Mldch. P. Saulovlch; 470—Wil
liam H. Murphy. Joseph A. Mogan. John F.
Conens; 565 — Joseph Brizzolarl, Anton Basso.
William Musantl; Joan d'Arc, Harry Kelly,
J. G. Kohler. John Lalanne.
_ Financial secretarleg-1. T. J. Stanton; 3.
F. A. Kesseler; 4. Charles J. Cain; 7. M. A.
McLvoy; Si. James F. O'Brien; 35. M. J.
£ Ur lSr?:J£. W. O. Patch: 59. P. J. Farrell;
'*"' J V, W - Griffin; 74. Charles Crowley; 310.
A. F. Good; 460, J. L. Matkovlch; 470, James
rm, u tIe t n: 5^' S - B - Fu * azI : J°a.n d'Arc
Council. Joseph A. Garrissere
Treasurers— 1. E. R. Myrlck; 8. Joh# F.
Comyns; 4, John Mclaughlin; 7 Georje P.
Feeley; 34. William H. Growney- 35. F. J.
Monahan; 55, John J. Dillon; 50, Charles A.
Caulfleld; 72. M. D. Rlordan: 74. John Reidy;
•S10. P. F. Canavan: 460. M. Kalaslch; 470,
William G. Fahy; 565, A. O. Rossi; Joan
d Arc Council. Thomas |A. Brooks
Marshals— 1. Jamea King; 3 J. J. Dough
erty; 4, T. V. Hardemann: 7. C. de Andreas;
34. William L. Sullivan; 35. F. L. Smith; 55.
F. E. Mahoney; 69, Joseph J. O'Brien- 72.
M. L. Welsh; 74, John Clackin; 310 John H.
Maloney; 460, George Eerkovlch; 470, H. W.
Murphy; K65. Angello Ferroglaro; Joan d'Aro
Council. Alphonse Brouchard.
Inside sentinels — 1 George Enders; 3 Daniel
Hurst; 4. Francis J3ray: 7, R. Kingston; 34,
Joseph Guedet; 35. E. C. Sellinger; 55. W. J.
TIernan: f>9, D. Gr&tto; 72 J. J. Sowards- 74,
C. Kennelly: 310, Fred Snider; 460 M. Gretta;
470. John G. Carey; 805 Louis Zaro; Joan
d'Arc Council, Louis Dlehels.
Outside sentinels— 1 William Cudahy; 3,
John Schutt; 4, H. Cuello: 7. M. Levcria: 34.
Ixyuls Healey; 35. H. C. Moffatt; r.0, J. York;
7". J. J. McLaughlln: 74, Henry Rooney: 460.
J. Frankovlch; 470. John J. Connell; 565. N.
FerroBiaro: Joan d'Arc Council, Emile Houpln.
Medical examiners — 1 Dr. W. A. Dougherty;
8, Dr. T: D. Maher. Dr. J. G. Brady; 4. Dr.
J. V. Hughes. Dr. O. S. Kucicn; 7. Dr. C. D.
McGettlgan: 34, Dr. J. J. Kingwell: 35. Dr.
J. F. Meagher. Dr. J. H. Seymour. Dr. J. A.
Haderle; 55. Dr. T. E. Ballly; 69. Dr. James
H. O'Connor. Dr. W C. Hopper: 72, Dr. C. F.
Griffin; 74. Dr. John XV. Smith; 310, Dr. Brady;
4C0. Dr. G. Caglieri; 5C5. Dr. A. H. Giannlnl.
Dr. F. Bonlno; Joan d'Arc, Dr. Fabr« Bajotte.
,,, Pr ? side j} ts — Pioneer Council. 1. P J. Hasan-
Mission Council 3, Eugene C. Cal'len; Wash^
initton Council 4. S. L. Bray; San Francisco
' h. x^, 1 ?. W - shIn * w in: Golden Gate
lTn Un o C *"*iSf;,. Wnliani J - Rnev : Isnatlan Coun
i ' h Ulla , m J - Hamilton; Columbia Coun
w'm 65 - *?• £• Snea: Cathedral Council. 6U.
William A. Kelly; Phil Sheridan Council. 72
James A. Gallagher; Potrero Council, 74.
Jamea Glackln; Cooper Council. 810, J. D.
Kodney S r. ; Strossmayer Council, 4C0, M. J.
Rusgell; PortaJa Council. 470. Joseph Graham;
balesian Council. 563, John Bedoni; Joan
d Arc Council. Charles D. Lowe
First vice presidents — Council 1 E. T. Mur
phy: 3. Henry Kugelber*; 4, A. A. McNeill;
7. James P. Bain; 34. John J.. Rowe; 35, J.
r-_ J L#en . lhan: ° 5 - R - A - Miller; 50, R. B. Dol-
. ard: .,',£• Thomas J. Doyle; 74, Patrick Rod
™1; £J 0 '.^- V - B «nnan: 460, M. Gatin; 470.
Phil C. Tlerney; 663. Frank Pinaglla; Joan
d Arc Council. P. B. Lapachet-
Second vice, presidents— 1. G. J. Toungman;
•J. M. J. Connerton; 4. J. J. Duddy; 7. Fred
t. Dunne; 84. John Denehey; 35, R. D. Blake
i>o. D. J. Sheehan; 59. J. D. Rountree; 72, E.
D. Sullivan; 74, John Doherty: S10. J. Rod
ney Jr.; 460. V. Zimlch; 470, Joseph E. Tait;
Joan a Arc. Council, Joeenh J. Brouchoud.
Recording secretaries — 1 Robert Tobln* .1
D J. Moynihan; 4. William M. Glllespie; ?!
C.corge M. Kelly; 34 Charles F. Healey; 35,
T' ha - r w"2 U Kbner : ™. George J. OUen; 59. J.
J. Clifford: .1'. Thomas R. Curtis; 74. William
J ; " a >£ a : 31 °. A. P. Good: 460, Anton Pilco-
\ Ch: i.'?' D A T - Powers; 565, Camlllo Marzo;
Joan d Arc Council, Amand Robert.
T,£? rrespondln 5 secretaries — 3, Charles G.
Willey; 4. Joseph F. Boland; 34. Eugene L.
Harrington.
There was presented also an exempli
fication of a proposed new ceremonial
work, the final consideration of which
will be given when the Supreme Coun
cil of Organization convenes either in
Salt Lake City or Chicago In October
next. At that time there will be other
suggestions for ceremonial work from
a number of Grand Council jurisdic
tions to be considered.
The ceremonial work exemplified last
evening was the effort of the Pacific
Coast Jurisdiction and prepared by C.
M. Waage of Ignatian Council No. 35.
A general open meeting of the Insti
tute is contemplated to take place Fri
day evening, August 26. immediately
following the close of the twentieth
Grand Council session, which convenes
at Crockett Monday, August 22.
The following officers were in
stalled by Grand President James D.
Whalen:.
There was a large meeting of mem
bers of the San Francisco councils of
the Young Men's Institute at Native
Sons* Hall last night, when the newly
elected officers were installed by Grand
President James D. Whalen.
Several Meetings Will Have
to Be Held to Hear the
Complaints Already Filed
General Joubert and Lieu
tenant Hobson Are to Lec
ture Before the Assembly
Kitual Proposed by Grand
Council Jurisdictions to
Be Considered in October
MANY MORE TO EXAMINE
WILL BE HELD MONDAY
NEW CEREMONIAL WORK
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Owing to the Absence of Dr.
Stratton the Anniversary
Exercises Are Postponed
Supervisors Meet to Decide
on Applications for the
Reduction of Assessments
BOARD HOLDS
NIGHT SESSION
Newly Chosen Executives of
Young Men's Institute
Are Inducted Into Office
COfflMERCIALNEWS
CHAUTAUQUANS
CHANGE PLANS
INSTALLATION
IS IMPRESSIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL', THURSDAY, JULY 14; 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
S'*t~hfys K Inlns leave and are dae>
/O < -<Trr>jv\. to Jtrrivo at
(SuzrsS^T. SAN FKAXCISCO.
\*A jp^ /.'I Fboji JrLT 3 l<»0i.
(7oot of Market Screet )
lhatt, _ r/lA>NTTNE. =~I*k77T
7X0a V«caTlll:-. Wintrrt. RlUaaej 7 50p
70Ca Benlcia. EUnlra anJ Sncrmmrnto . 7.20^
730a Vallejo. N-.pi. CalUtogn. Santa
_ ItOM, Marlines. 9»n Uamon 820>*
i «° A "U™- Tracy. L.nthror. SwcK'on.... 720(»
8.00a 8hs«» Expren— (Via Darls).
Wliiian»» (for lUrtlett Sprtni{»>.
Willovt. tKruto. Ced V-laiT.
Portland. Tacoms. Sexttle 7-50*
B-COA Darn. W-on>l'»r<i. Knl,-ht» L-inding.
Mnry*»t!!e. Ch'co. <>ri)Tll!e 7-5C">
1 40 A Port Co*;*. .\i ; irtrae;. Anll'H-0.
Bvroo. Tracy. Stockton. Ncjr-
m.«n. Los ISanoa, M e u J o t «,
Armona, H»af<ir<t Vl»»ll».
PortnrTtlle 4 jQp>
BJCa Port Cotta. Modesto. Merced.
Frc»no, Gosnen Juaetloa, Haa-
ford. Vlsali.v IUker*!)e!r» 4 50^
8,50a Nile*. 9«n .To*!». LUermore. Scorlc-
ton. 'tit! 1 ton), lone. Sai-mm-MUi.
ManrnTlll*. Cn:co. Ked Bluff 4. 20»>
• •30* O*kd»la. Chinese. Janestown. So>
' nor*. Tuolnmne »n<! Aniiel* 20p
¦ C0a Atlantic Kxpreis— OifcIeB sn-l Ed«. 6 20p
• 30a hlchmond. Martinez an1 Way
Stations 6 50?
1000A The Orerlaad Llmf:ed — osrlnn.
Omahi. CUIcmso, Denver, Kau.<«s
,.„ St. Loul* 8 20»
10.00a Yfiiiejo 12 20^
10.00a Lo* Annlei P«s*enifer — Fort
Co»u. Uutlnei, Byroa. Tmcr.
LathroB. Stockton. Mereeit,
Haymond. Fresno. Qoahen Junc-
tion. Hfsnford, Lenioore, Vtsalla.
Baker»fleld. Lo* Anireies 7-20»
12JJ0M Hayward. Xlle» «nrt War SUtlont. 3.20*
t1.00PS*er*nienton:Ter Stentnrr* til. OOP
3 JOP Benlcia. Winter*. Bscrainenta.
TTooilUnd, Willow*. Knl?hts
Lan.-l:nc. MitrrtTllle. OroTlJle
•ad wmy «t»t:on» 1053*
3-30p Ilsyward.irile^ and Way Stations.. 7-50i»
400PM«rtlne*,8»ni:i»mon,Vi»llelo.Xapa.
Calittogta. S.nntu i:o«a • 9 20a
4 OOP Kne». Tncv. Stockton. Lod! ....' . 4.2Cs»
4V3CP IlBTwurd. Nile*. Irrlagton. San) t3.50A
Joie. LlTtrmore ) t11 60a
6 0CPTheOwI L!niited-Ne,vm»n.L..* "•""'*
Danes. M-p.duta. Fre*no. Tulara,
UakenQeld. Lo* Angales 8-60A
15 Mp II*-. » «r i. SV.kk inn Ran Jose 7 20a
G.COp llay ward. :-"lle» mujI ban Jose S.bOA
600p E»»tern Eiprr»« — Og<len. Umaha,
Chl<-a«;o, i)i-nrer. Kaasna City,
ht. Lo'Ji*. vtaMar:lnez.Stortton.
Sacrsmento. Co!f*x. Ueno 12.50»>
B.OOp Vallejo. dully. ?x.-*pi Sunday.... » Ten _
70CP Vallejo. Sunday ..nly f 7 5 «*
7XCP KU'aniooii. 8»n Pablo. Tort Costa, -
Martinez and Way Statin ot 1120*
/•OOP Ueno Pass^nfter— l'ort i'o*ta. Sul-
sun. Elmlra. Uavi*. Sacranionto.
Trnckee, Lake Taace. Ileno,
mne _Tooo k .ah. S?ark» 7.6OA
lOSPPort Coat*. Mtrtiaez. Bjron.
Tracy, Latiirop. Modesto.
Merced, Iterenda, r'resno anil
_• Way Suilonsheyoad Port Corta 12 20p
BOSp Tosemlus Valley, Ti» Berrnda and
Wawona 8.60a
8.C5p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
8.0&P Oregon A C«l'r^rn'n. Uipre**— Sae-
raonento, Mary*v1lle. Raildlna;.
rorilaiid.Vuget Sconilnnrl E«*t. 8.50a
B.JCP U«y 1* ;.rri. N!les *;nl San Jose (Sua-
d"y;n!y> 11¦53^
COAST LINE <>arrn>T l,an;»!.
<Ko<-'tof .Market Street.)
7.45a Santa Crui KTOorrloixSnndavorly) jfYbi»
8.1bA Newark. Oeatttrrille. San " .!..*¦,
Felton. nonlCm Creek, nip T..>-:n.
Santa Crn» an* Way Station*... 5 55p
t3-1oA AlT«rado. Xewa;V San Jose, Lo*
Oatoa.GIenwood. Feiton, Bonlder '
._"' %T Creek. Bl^Kastn. Baata Crnz... S10»
t2.16p Newark. Centonrtlle. Ssn Joss,
New Alnjartsn.Lo* Oatot.Feltoa.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crtii aud
Principal Way Stations 10 55a
4.1Ep Newark. 9an Jose. Los Gatos. .. ta 5R A
4.16pWrte;h(. BouMcrCrcelc atsd Santa
Craz. ?»::;:.¦:»» and Sunday onlr. 68 55*
COAST LINE (»r»«a «.»(.. '
m X3T (Third ami Torrmein) Street*.)
6-1 Oa San Jose and TTay Stations 8".VJo>
t7 00a S«n Jose nnd W»y Station*. g in p
7.15a Monterey and Snnta Cruz Ejcur-
slon (Sunrtsy only) to Jflp"
8.00a Xew AlmAdeu (Tues.. Frtd.. only), 4. lap
I 00a The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo. Pa*o Rohle*. Santa
Mar<arlra. Sao I.uit OMitncSnuta
Barbara. Sun Buenarentora,
Montalvo. Oxnard, BurDank. Los
Angeles 10 4Sp
|.00a Gilroy. Hnlllnter. Casiroxliie. Del
Jlonte, Paciflc Grove, Surf, Loin-
poc 1045p
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitols,
BaiitaCrni.KjKirirOrOTe.SaHnas,
¦ San Lnia Oh!»;io and Prlaclpa!
Way Stations 4.1tJp
10 JCa San Josa and Way Stations 1 2Qp
IUOaBidIh Clara. >ta Josa. Los Qato*
'--¦ _ «n«J Way Station* 7 30»
• JOp San Jo*e and Way Stations 8 3Sa
tS OOP Del Monte Kzpress— Santa Clara.
Ean Jort, Del Monte. Monterey,
Paciflc GroTe 1215p
SJOpBarllngarac. S.in Jose. Gilroy. iloi-
lf«ter. Tres Pino*. Pajaro. Capl-
lola. Santa Crai. Ca»troTl!le.
Salinas. Pacific Orore 10.43*
4 30p Pan Jo»« and Way Station* *8.CC*
t5 COP Santa (."ara. S*n Jose. Lo* Garo*.
Wright an<l« principal Way Sta-
/..,,. tlon. (except Sunday) tSCOA
\ io-IOp fcanJoseftS'irrlnctpaltVityStattoa* 19 in*
b 45p fc«n»et KxpTes^.-Kedwonri. S»n
Josc,G!;rov.Sa;in*s,p!i»oi:o l jles.
6an l.iils Obiipo. Santa I'.arSara,
Los Aazelea. |ien!n(. V.\ Paso.
K'w Orleans. New Tork ... 7 -|Oa
6.4SP Pajaro. CaplroTa. Saotx Cruz. Caa- "
troTllle.De! >Ionte.Parlflc(;rove. 10.4SP
t616p C*DMateo.Bere*rorct,Uelinont.Saa
Carlo*. !:¦¦<; wood. Fair Oak*
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tB.4SA
6-30p Ban Jose snj Way Stations § 38a
800pPs1o Alto sad Way Stations T015a
11.3CpboathSanFranclsco.umDrae.Bnr-
lingame. San Mateo. Belmone,
6«n Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 8 45a
| «11 SOPMayfleld. Mountain View. Sanny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jo»a !9 43»
A for Morning 1 ; P for ARernoon. ,
T San<la* ezcepted t Snnday onlr
«• Baiiirday only. h Monday orL'y.
lbu>»» aj aji st»Ucn» on Stialrr-
CAL1F0KNU N0RTHWESTE2N RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAX&WAT COMPACT.
Tibnroa Perry. Foot of UarJcat Stxeat.
SA2T rRANCISCO TO SAXT ft&TAZL,
WKKK LtAto — I :M. 8:UU. tt:Uv, 11:OU <*. to..
12:38, 2:3O. 3:10. B:10, 5:30. \>:M and U:JU
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:30. 8:0t» 9:30. U:0O a. m.; l:30t
2:30. 3:40. B:10. «:30. ll:S0 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN 7SANCXSCO.
WKKK UAVo — *:0o. 6:i*>. T:M. 1:Zo. »:m.
11:15 a. m.; U:50, 12:00. 3:id. 5:00. S:20w
6:23 P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:4J.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:2U, 6:23. 7:90 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I la Effect ) Arrive
Ean Fran. | May 1. 1904. f San Fraa.
¦Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- J Weelc
Days. I day. ( Uon. | days. | Day.
7:30a 7:45a| 7;i»»
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 aj 8:4O m
8:0O a 9:30 a Ixnaelix 10:20 a 10:20 »
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0O p 6:20 9
B:10p 5:10p 6:2Op 1:23 p
7:25 p
8:45 P
7:30 » 7-30 a 7:4* a| 7:*5»
8:00 a 8:0O a Novato. 10: 2? * 10: ?J *
2:30 p »:30a Petaluma. «:2Op{ «:<»9
5:10p 2:30p and .:25pl7:2S»
S-.lOp Santa Rosa. 8:45 pf
7:30 a 7:30 a ™-%> * 1°H2 *
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 b
¦Windsor. 1
7:30 s 7:30 a Healdsburt. 10:20 a 10:20 a /
Lytton.
2:30 p 3:30 p Gey*erviile. 7:25 p 7:25 g
Clovyrdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 «
2:30 p{ 2:30 p| *nd Ukiah. I 7:25 p| 7:23 a
j j Willlts. j I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:25 3
800 al 3:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 allO:2O 4
2:30 p( 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 pi 6:20 p
'8i0Oal 8:00a 8:40^a|S:40a
3:10 p) 9:r,D a Sonoma. «;:0'> p 6:20 ,»
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 pi
7:30 al 7:3Ua| 110:20 a; 10:20 *
2:30 PI 2:"Opl Sebaatopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at £anta Rosa for Whit»
Sulphur Springs and Mark "West Sprlnss; at
Pulton /Or Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skasrgj
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boc:i«-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprrars. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprinss, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartieit
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, SJaratoirj
Strings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llertey's. BucknellV
Sanliedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hoi
barings. Hallway House, Comptche Can-e
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bra«-
Westport, Usal: at Willlts for Fort Brag**
"XVestport. Sberwood. C^.hto. Covelo LaytonI
¦vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, OUen*
Dytr. Carberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays^ — Hound-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafae! at l.air rates.
Ticket Office. CSI Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. I* FRAZTKR." R. X. RTA.N.
Gen. Manager. Cen. Pass. Asrt.
THE WEEKLY CALL
' $1 per Year.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H CALIFORNIA
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
1 LEAYES'MQNDAYS and THURS3&TS |
H at f»:,'H) a. m., tirousrh In 3 days, E
S with diner and all trappings. ' H
Otaer Santa T* Trains t
7:30 a. m.1 for Stockton, Fresno, Bikenfleld.
8-00 p' ra! J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalia,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas Cltx. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriOES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. X*. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South JMrst SU
San Jose. • '
H~ TOSANRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
. Via Sansallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
nonmt from San Francisco, week daya. at
*-%>'t\»TM. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00^
m -40 a V Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:4$. 3:li
ico 4*35 5:15. 6:5 °- 6:23 - 7:13 -
?i V^ik n' ni Sundays and legal holidays depart
t Tld "-45T 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 Ii* 4 o
m 12 ? 20 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:18. 4:o6. 4.35
S:15?'B:50. «:25. 1:15. 8:15. 8:00. 10:30.' u£s
P ' Arrive et Ban Francisco, week days. 6-17
7-nn 7-35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. in
Iwk & 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. B:05. 0:10. cTi*
l~il 7-53. 1» :05 - 11:23 p ' m " Oa Sunday, and
leg^i bolidaj-3 extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8: For P Fa?rfax. tveek days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3-16 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sunday;
«nd lesal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10-00
iiloof u:*» •• »•• 12:2 °- 1:0 °- 1M3 « *^ iiii
and 8:15 p. ".^^h TnA i X3 .
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and wajv stations.
9il5 a. M*. Sundays only— For Point* Iteyei
et |':15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
e J°i5 p." rn-. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. ra.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero ate.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU XtasaliU Ftrry Arrive
Ban Francisco ¥*tt «f lUrket St. San Francisco
Week Sun- s=U"- Week
Daya. days. i^9|Kmk days. Days.
8:30a ES-^rtS^aa 12:45 p ; ~&45"a
....10:00a Vsi32iSi£» 2:05rMt : 0SA
10:00a 11:00a ViaafvSr 3- 35 F 3:35 p
1:48 r 12.20 p Visas' 6:40 p 6:15 1
6:16 p 1:46 p 6:15 p 10:05 »
4:35p 8:50p
• TU CriTity far. * Taailpoii U Mill fUUy.
Ticeet J62S Market St. (North Shore Railroad)
firricu 2and Savsalito Fxnit y, foot Market 8t
It OC» MS TO. LET — Horn, nnd Unfnrn.
'•nib st.'kathryn.
N. E COK. LEAVENWOKTH AND
HLL1S— MNNIKST AND CLEAXEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY: BATHS: HOT
AND C«.'l-D WATER IN BVCRt
P.OOM: EJLBVATOn BKBVICE: MOi>-
KRN CONVENIENCES; FROM J3
PER TVKEK.
THE LARCH MONT, 301 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly turnlsherl rooms; hot and
.¦old -cvater: Imths ;:-<>: $3 t<» $6 per wet-fc;
$1 10 fl 50 pt*r day:t:lf ctrio clovntor or lights.
Till: V EN POME. 1104 Market et. — Office* on
Hi- first (lw to 1-t: fur:ilsh"«l rooms in rulte
< r «:ns;>. 6* t!:r U.iy. »*-fk or month; tran-
t..->.;it solicited.
TUT RICHMOND. :SO3 Jone*— Handsomely fur-
nifticd :o...:r.s. $1 SO werk; 3.'c to 51 day up.
THE VERXOK: 15C2 Market— Rooms al $2 per
*e<-k; r><V to J! per day.
L"N 11 KXyfiTATKS. 123 E>Uy. near Market — 400
loom"*. K.V to ?! niffht. %l To to ?« week; elee-
<nc Hsrt.ts <no ea*>. running water In every
r\xim; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 131*. bet. Sutter and Bueh— An
exceptionally Ji'sirabli* sunny front alcove;
.-.lso n'.njrl» i-oom; private: references.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. rear Market—
Y.o?: fonv*>n>nt sn<i re*-pe«-table: 700 rooms;
",c 1" fl r«0 nig':-: $2 to $!« week; elevator;
dec. i'.chi*: read ins-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Um:*e. 202 Sixth fl.— Rocms from l. r >0
to J! per night and from 90c lo $3 per week.
A D VERT1 SEMENTS. subscriptions received at
«~all branch offic«. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The CaJl for the reception
rt advertisements and eubscrlptlons has been
opened at 1008 Market *>t., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOKS ASD BOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAU-
TUFVUXSt 5ITUATBD ON THE FINEST
roiiNER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW
THOROUGHLY RENOVATED ANL»
bqi:ipvei» with all the latest im-
pp.ovi:ments. is ready to receivb
. GCESTS. 4
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. COR. GEARY ST.
FI">TNY front room; fhort distance from City
Hal! tv«. ar.d Market St.; accommodations
fcr Z: $20 each. 123 Cough st.
IjOLOREP 1009 — Sunny tooms and good hom«
cookir.g: piano, bath. Phone r.6T,6 Blue.
fOUBOH, 2012— Large sunny front room, with
goo<! board, $10 per week for two.
FHANKLIN. 80S — Elegant private home, new-
!> furn. sunny from rooms, suites cr single;
'iiolc*-. central: modern; first-class table.
Telephone Polk 2076.
HOTEL REPEL1EU. 781 Sutter— Suites, with
boari for two. $C!> per month up; single, with
hcurd. f25 up; also rooms without board.
LAMKIN, 1ST.4 — Furnished room and board in
rrivnte fan-.ily where there Is some sociabil-
ity: telephone Hyde CSl.
TINE. jr>9$ — Nicely furn. suites, single rooms;
rxcellert table; privat*: phone Pclk 3001.
EDDY. 11CS opp. Jefferson Park— Nicely fur.
tunny rooms: table board: reas. ; new mang't.
HOWARD. S11A— First-class board and room,
:ins> or double. $5-$8 wk. ; American family.
£v-veii«on Mansion, cpp. Grace Church, annex
*-f7 California — See rootns.leam prices. try table
SPECIAL >OT1CEE.
The secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Dl-
r»--tory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the ainlum at Central avenue and Waller
•-treet from January 1. 10C4, to July 1. 1004:
«"ati>erin« Mendoza. 2 yrs.; Ann^tta Mendoza,
4 >tf. ; Mary Ko^nig, 11 yrs.; Alexander Con-
«£.}-. a yrs.: Addie Conway. fc yrs.: Berdine
iVnway. 5 yre.: Willie McLaughlln. 7 yrs.:
Kdwar.i McLaughlin. 5 yrs.: Juanita Ruiss 11
yi>. ; Flora He aley. 4 jtp. ; Margaret HTOley.
3 yis. ; Leona Healey, 2 ym. ; Addie Healey, 5
mo5. ; George Nolan, 6 yrs.: John Nolan, 5
TTB.z Mary Clark. 10 yrs. 5 mos.: Agne«
<la-k. l> yr*. 8 mos.; Annie Clark, 7 yrs. 5
mr«. : Catherine Clark. <i yrs. 5 mos. ; Madeline
tlark, 2 yrs. 6 race.: Margaret Clark. 11 mcs.;
Jrhn Arraue»z. P yr?.: James Arrau^ez. 6 yrs.
* mos.; Winffred Fay. S yrs.; Sherman Fay.
5 yr». : Eugene Phillips, 5 jti». ; Reymond
Phillips, 4 yrs.; Gladys G. Pyles, 6 yr». » me?.;
Lillian Ranken, 7 yrs.; Mary McClellan. 10
5 rs. 5 m<>. : Glady M. Connolly. 1 yr. 7 moi 1 . :
Kdr.a Ph'.ilips. 8 yrs.; Fred Farry. 7 yrs. 6
UK*. : AlV*rt Farry. •> y»>ars 11 mcs.; Louir«
Parry, 3 jrs. ; David Farry, 1 jr.: Annie
"Wilson. Z yrs. !» nio». : FranclB Wilson, 1 yr.
'.* n;ot.: May Compton. 6 yrs.: John Comp-
ton. 4 >rs.: Alice Zoe Gere. 7 yrs.: Olive
Anderson. 12 yrs.; Leona Anderson, 11 yrs. ;
Mystery Andersen. JO yr«.: Basline Anderson. 'J
; rs. : Louise Acderson. S yrs.: Monrick Ander-
f-in. 7 jt». ; John Oierille, 6 yrs. ; Louis Cherllle.
R ITaVj Eleanor O'Brien, 3 yrc. : Jofc^ph I>ewi«5.
«> jrs.; Antoa* I^wln. 6 yrs.; Annie Coserove. ¦
7 >rs. : Jost-ph «*f'!>srrove. 4 yrs.: Lfna Elster. •
9 im. : Oliver Kleter. 5 yrs. 4 moe. ; John i
K«-IHn»T. « ?n«. 11 mcs. : Violet Leighton. 5
sr*. 9 nof.: Iren" Lelghton. 4 yrs.; Raymond ;
lyirhton. 2 >r«. 6 tni».; Ethel Johnson, 9 yrs. i
*\ njos. ; KlUn GKtenby. 11 yrs. ; Reta Get- i
fnby, 1 yr. ; Mabel I*-!or<>y, 6 yre.: Edna Oe- ;
lurry. :; yrs.; Delorey. 1 yr. : Florence ;
Wall S yrs.: Edna Tead. 7 yrs.: Francis Me- ¦
T»otiald. 1M yrs.; Camilla Mendoza. 11 yrs.: j
William Mcndoza; 6 yr«. ; Patrick Murphy. 5;
>n>. € me*.: Hazri Toun?. 4 yrs.; Lena Tarn- I
hrltif. 2 yr». : Lp.urence Peter*. 7 yrs. ; Frank •
T'"«.ers. 5 >rs. ; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs.; Harold I
J>*tlon. 2 jr». : Manuel de Lemos. R yrs. fl j
mos.; Norman c> I^emos. 4 yre. : Viola Kelly, 11
\r?=.: Wlllip K*Ily. 6 yrs.; Walter Brown, S
ym. ; Antony Simon, 1 yr.; Lillle Gannon. 7 |
rrm.: 'hurley Gudierrez. 2 yrr. : Elizabeth
Woods. 2 yrs. 4 inoe. : Allc* McNesby, 5 yrs.;
Ellen McNVsby. 2 yr^. : William Edwards. C
> rr. 2 DM.; Carri* Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrude .
<"ar!son. J> jts. ; Edward Will. 4 yrn. 1 mo.; ;
'"atlierine Newman. li» yrs. ; Elsie Murray, 11 :
: rs. : Rcy Elster. 3 yr».
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and ¦
. Home Society hereby gives notice that they •
have admitted Into the orphanare from Jan-
uary I, l£M'4. to June .TO. 1904/ the following ;
¦¦-¦:.. ».i orphans and half-orphans, boys and ¦
tirls. -»iz: Samuel Jacobs, aged 7 years 11
months; Sarah Etein. aped 5 years 8 months; ;
Ida May Wolf, ar*d 8 years 11 months; !
Rc*a I-evin. ag«-d o yfars; LouU Menzinsky, ¦
r.ged 10 years 3 months: Millie Goldstein. I
«g»4 9 year* 2 montr!*: Lewis Freeman, aged
7 vo«r-: Ahrnham Kre^man. aged ft year? 1 .
Ladle* ! Chirhester'* English Pennyroyal PH'.s
ere b»et'; f-a.it. reliable; tak*- no other. Send 4c
t-tatnr* tor r>art!cul<i.ni. "Rplief for Ladiee'*
iti letter by return mail. A»k your druggist. •
i hicli'-Kter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa,
&TOKAGI2 AM) WARBHOt'SES. i
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnlturei i
household goods stored, moved. • shipped. 725- !
731 Howard ft., nr. Third; phone Grant lei. i
A— GILBERT & STOLJ> Storage Co.; storage, i
jacking, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van ;
Wmj; office 1170 Market, r. 43; te!. South 750. j
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy sTl i
phon* Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, pres.; ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored, i
PrEHCERODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of- I
flre I'oet and Powell ets. ;'tel. Prt. Ex. 57L J
CONKLIN'S Storag*— Furniture and merchan- |
dlf#. 3TJ -Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126. !
Cf LDEN ffm Storage: advance* made. S40 !
Mi&sion et.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zebfuis. I
PACIFIC 6tora*> and Furniture Moving Com. I
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 28L '¦
BirKINS Van and Storage Co.. It Montgomery
tt.. tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates.
TTATI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
bn.jUW trailed free; correspondence Invited!
V1AVI CO- 2S04 Van Neas ave.
ASSESEMEKT ITOTICIIS.
Ab^EsiSMKNT NOTICE-Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of bus
it:eee. City end County of San FrancUcc
iuue of California— Notice is hereby given
that at a mating of the Board of Directors
l.'id'tl.iK 15th day of June, A. D. 1904 an
aei-escm'-nt (No. fc) of nve dollars ($3.00)" per
Khara »i? levSed u;x>n the capital etock of
liie corporation, payable Immediately to thi
tccretiiy of the company, at the cface cf
the company. -*£7 Markrt et., room 4 second
fleer, in the City and County of gan Fran-
<lf-co. St**e of California. Any stock upon
*;!ii<.-h tlilu ifinsment shall remaJn unnaid
os the 2S.h day ot July. 1904 will be Ce-
I.rxjucnt and ad\-ertif««d for sale at public
a-j«'licr. ar.d unlef* payment is made before
w:ll L» sold on the 18th day of August, 1904*
to pay the delinquent assessment, together
with oost of advertising and expenses of
rtle. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Honolulu
Plantatlcn Company, 327 Market street, 6an
Franrtsct*. Cailfornla.
DIVIDEND XOTICES^ ~~"
1jI\ 1DEND notice^ — The Nevada National Banic
of fian Francisco, at a regular meetiai:
of the buard of directors of thi* bank, held
Ju'y R, I9''<. » dividend was declared for
ibe half year endlns June So. lfx*. at th»
r*te "I -seven <7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th inst.; transfer
books will b* closed from the 10th to the 15th
loet., btrtfc daj • inclusive.
,GEO. GRANT. Secreury
Ean rrancUco. July 5. 1804.
DIVIDEND NOTICE^ — San Franciaco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Favtng«- Bank building, 7C8 Market
¦t opposite Third— For the half jvar end-
jng Juue 30. 1904. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rale per annum of ten (10) per
ctnt on capital etock and participating cer-
tificates, fi*e from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July I. l»04.
.JOSEPH A- LEONARD. Manager
V.VGU citAlG. Secretary ao4 Cwblex.
, SEVVrXO MACHIXES AXU^^X!d^.
I DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
is chca^st; nepond-hand all makes at any
priof all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic oitlce. 101M Market Ft., near Sixth.
i NEW :i«»Mi:— See o«r n«W trlp!<».ferd ma-
chine*: >lislitl>- used: Sid. .SK.. t-M; pecend:
!-aiid J3 S5. $*: all styles: guarantrcd. New
j Home .Sewing Machine Co.. 1C51 Market at.
; A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I J(> pages, in wrapper, for n.ailing. $1 per year.
I bT fTTBH I X C A\O ST.\M>n^Rl\O.
1 AT~ Meltoume Inrtitutr, . Van N"K3't Market,
' Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only.
Melbourne In V. '&.; private; established 3
years In S. V. Tel. Mint 2>i2'i from 1 to 5 pm.
MARIUAC.'l-: LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
1 rc^ttrday: •
Anthony Milicr. 27. UV» Folwun street, and
Aurora A. Bern, 27. Pan Rafael.
Alfred B. UixJlko. Si, Rtno. Nev., and
Mary IV. Aeinml "'\, 2276 ITnion street.
James M. Harris. 34, Haywards and Marie
I* d« Unm y. 2«, Brooklyn., N. Y.
Nathanl*-! P. Conway, 4.'!, Lc« Gatop, and
Margai-et E. Sho^nbevger. 2S, Meadow Creek,
Mont.
William Ueafey. 21. Oakland, and Mar>' M.
Mullen, ri. 2070 Bryant street.
«'harles K. Haa?, 40, Laytonvllle, and
fcUlla Habt-ock. 29, LaytonvMle.
William J. Conway. 27, VMS t'lorida street, '
aiul- Helen M. Sr*«tzcn. 24, 1018 York etre^t.
Hubert B. Bowman, 27. city, and Florence
H. Stanley, 22. city.
Gen Sinr. 23, 874 Sacramento street, and
Gee Quen. 20. 87i Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
I Birth, icarrlajre and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the* name and residence of per-
¦ tons authorized to have the "same- published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
, free of charge. \
BORX.
ANDERSON— In Oakland. July 4. 1904, to the
wife of I/>u!o Anderson, a daughter.
I BAXKHEAD— In Oakland. July 4. 1004 to the
wife of David li. Uankhead. a daughter.
j BROWX— In San Mateo. Cal. July 13, 1904,
to the wife of W. )i. Brown, a daughter.
i FRANK— In this city. Ju!y 12. 1904', tjftfie
v.ife of Irving II. Frank." a son.
! FirCEL,— In Oakland. July 10 19M, to the
wife of Peter Fugel, a daughter. ; •
j MILL— In Oakland. July 7. 1904. to the wife
of George Hill.- a daughter.
I 31ARRLED.
i BIERMANN— HEROLD— In this city June 14
1 1UC4, by the Rev. W. M. Bours 'Frederick
Otto Biermann ami Isabella Helen Herold.
both of San Francisco.
I DIED.
Boyd. Samuel B. McDonnell. Grace
Brown. Rcaalie Petrlc, Jamea
Curtis. Raloh W. Rathman. Edward
1 Dolbeer, Bertha M. Redmond. Joseph
i Hlnz. Aucust C. Rode. Christian G.
Laidley. Mary Ann? Shovlln, Patrick
Leonard. Edward Strubel. Clarence F.
Lynch. Patrick f Watson. Jchn
BOYD — In Oakland, July 13, 1904. Samuel B.
Boyd, beloved son of Jane Boyd, and brother
of John, Matilda and May Boyd a native
of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
i C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Friday. July 15, 1904. at 2 o'clock at the
parlors of Albert Brown. 572 Thirteenth
street. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
; Cemetery. "
; BROWX— In San Mateo. Cal., July 13, 1904,
Rosalie. Infant daughter of W. H. and Ro-
salie Brown.
i CURTIS— In Oakland. July 12. 1904, Ralph
I Were, beloved husband of Belle M. Curtis
son of Mrs. V. H. and the late James Cur-
tis, and brother of A. G. Curtis, Mrs Lewis
Turner. Mrs. Erdman Baldwin of Hilo II.
T.. and Mrs. A. F. Woodbrldge of San Fran-
cisco, a native of San Francisco aged 34
years 5 months and 9 days.
; ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday. July 14. 1904, at 4 p. m.. at Smiley
&. Gallagher's funeral parlors, 2325 Santa
, Clara Rvenue, Alameda. Interment Oakland
Crematory-
' DOLBEER— In New York City. July 9, 1904.
Bertha M. Dolbcer, daughter of the late
John Dolbeer, a native of San Francisco
ETFuneral notice hereafter.
, HINZ — In this city. July 12. 1904 August C
Hinz of Mill Valley. b«loved husband of
Dora Hinz. father of Anita Otto, Helena,
I Henry. Elsa and Gertrude Hinz. and brother
of A. F. Hinz, a native of Kappeln. Schlcs-
wlg-Holstein, Germany aged ttf years 5
months and 19 days.
\ IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
'Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence'
of his brother. Mr. A. F. Hlnz. W15 Capp
; street, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
1 fourth; Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
, LAIDLEY— In this city, at 1216 Jones street.
Mary Anne Laidley. widow of the late James
Laidley. a native of Germany, aged 80 years
and 3 months.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
: LEONARD— In this city. Edward, beloved
husband of Marparet Leonard, a native of
County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 65 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of J. C. OConncr & Co.. 767 Mission street
Intf-rment Holy Cress Cemetery, by 11:30
train from Third and Townaend streets.
LYNCH— July 12. 19C4. Patrick, beloved hu3-
hand of Norah Lynch, father of James Tim-
othy. Thomas. Patrick. William and' Jcsie ,
Lynch and Mrs. M. Donohoe and brother •
of Thomas Lynch, Mrs. D. Sullivan Mrs. J. ;
Dowd and the late James and Timothy \
Lynch, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 70 year*.
dTFriend. and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re»l-
dence. .'."S Chesley street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem hifrh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
! at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, j
1 McDONNELL— In this city, July 11, l»04, !
Grace, dearly beloved wife of Frank Me- >
Donnell. daughter of Benjamin and Jennie
1-undy. sister of the late Mary Cereghlno and
Benjamin and George Lundy and niece of
Uallie Lee. a native of Alameda. Cal., aged
25 years and 6 months. I
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
I fully invited to attend the funeral service* '
Thursday, July 14, 1&04. at 11 o'clock, at i
i her late residence, 5 Germanla avenue, be- j
] tween Fillmore and Webster, Hermann and'
Waller ctreets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
j PETR1E— In thla city. July 13, 1904, James
Petrie. a native of Scotland, aged 63 years.
! RATHMAN- In Oakland July 13 1904, at 564
Forty-fifth street, Edward, beloved husband
of Elizabeth F. Rathman. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years. A member of th« G.
1 REDMOND— In Belmont. July 12 1904, Jo-
seph, dearly beloved «on of Michael and
; Annie Redmond, and ¦ brother of Jame«,
, Danny, Mary and Annie Redmond, a native I
of Redwood City, aged 14 years 11 months
I and 13 days.
; O^Funeral Thursday, July 14, from resi-
; d*>nee In Belmont, at 0:30 o'clock, thence to
Mount Carmel Church. Redwood City where j
• a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
Menlo Park. |
RODE — In Oakland. Cal.. July 13, 1904 at his
resklenc*-, Nicol avenue, Fruitvalei Chris- '
tlan G., the loved huaband of Marie M E.
Rode, and beloved father of Otto F., Clara
and Walter Rode and Mrs. May Germes-
; hsusen, a native of Germany, aged 67 years
9 months and 5 days.
1 SHOVLIN— In this city. July 12." 1904, Pat-
; rick, beloved brother of Bridget and Mary
1 Shoviin. and cousin of Peter McLoone and
i Miss Mary Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged |
j JpTFriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
j fuliy invited to attend the funeral to-day
j (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
; dence. 221 Lake street, between Third and
Fourth avenues, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rcposo of his soul
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
• Cross I'emetery.
: ! ETRUBEL— In this city July 12 1904 Clar-
cn<-« Frederick, dearly beloved son of Fred-
; erick J. and Lizzie Strubel loving brother
of Lydia. MarccJIa and Ethoi Ptrubel and
J giandson of Mrs. Elizabeth Danr. a native
; j or San Francisco, aged 14 years and 9
1 ! months.
I ETFrlends and acquaintances ar« rcpect-
, - fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:1*. o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1400 Silver avenue near San
Bruno uvenup. thence to All Hallows Church.
Sixteenth avenue and P Btreet South South
San FTancisco. where a requiem high mass
will b« celebrated for the repose of his bouI
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
: WATSON— In this city. July 11. 1904. John,
1 dearly beloved husband of Mary \Vat«on
! and father of John Jr.. Arthur. James!
. I Louise. Alice and Nan Watson and Mrs I<*
j G. Fall, a native cf Clontar, County Dublin!
; Ireland, aged 07 years 7 months and ]tf
days. A member of Lincoln Post No 1
, G. A. R. ' "
1CT Friends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at a o'clock, from his late residence, 30
Laurel place, off First street, between Fol-
soni and Harrison. Members of the Seven
¦ - 1 - \
I F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31. j
I MONAHAN. O'HARA. & UO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
I 2"JJ> 2JH Mission si., near Nineteenth,
• •'¦ Baa" Francisco.
Pines Circle are invited to attend. Funeral
under the auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1.
•. G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
CARU OF THANKS.
We wish to return our sincere thanks to
tlie many kind friends for their sympathy
shown us in our late bereavement.
ALFRED C. GOLD.NER.
MRS CHAri. PEYSER.The following, quotations are for good, sound
Livestock. ' delivered In San Franetsco less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: «
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©7%e; Cows and Helf.
era. 5%©6%c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVE8-x484%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3&c; Ewes, MMi&c
per lb (gross weight). ¦ ;
LAMBS— #2 6061 75 per bead.
¦ HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4«e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: 180 lbs and under. 4%e;
over 250 lbs. 4!ic; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
VEAL-^-Large. 7®8c; small.' 8@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 868%c; Ewes, 7©8c
perlb.
LAMB— 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6%@8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.-
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: >
¦ BEEF — 5@7c. for Steers' and 436c per lb
for Cows.
The demand and supply about balance at the
moment and quotations show no change.
Meat Market.
Another car of Western Poultry that was dls
tributed among retailers was received, making
thb second for. the week, and a third car was
reported close at hand." Most kinds of Callfor
nlan stock continued to drag and . the market
generally had a weak tone, but prices wtre
without quotable change. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c per 1b;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25@
1 60; Ducks, $3 60©4 60 per dozen for old and
$4®5 for young: Hens. $4 50@5 for large and
$4@4 60 for small: young Roosters. $7.50@9:
old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50ft 5 50-
Broilers. $3 50@4* for large and $2 50@.1 for
small:, Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 25@1 60 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. 60® 60c p«r dozen: Hare,
$150 per dozen; Cottontail : Rabbits. $2 per
dozen. .
Poultry and Game.
Berlin on London ...20.41
Paris on London • •• 25.20%
Mexican Dollars <6%'© 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico ...215
Silver' and Mexican Exchange were slightly
lower.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 65%
Sterling Exchange, sight ......... — 4 87%
Sterling .Exchange cables ...... — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight ' — 05
New York Kxchange. telegraphic. — 07%
Silver, per ounce ................ — . 68
Exchange and Bullion.
LdCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. July 13.— Clearings, $765,844; bal
ances, $174,929.
TACOMA. July 13.— Clearings, $285,650; bal
ances. $20,310. ¦
PORTLAND, July 13.— Clearings, $616.53S;
balances. $f>3.745. • \
SPOKANE. July 13.— Clearings, $516,788
balances, $58,406.
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. July 13.— WHEAT— Unchanged"
bluestem. 79c; club. 66c. :* ''r
OREGON. /
PORTLAND. July 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, OBc; bluestem, 75c; valley, 78c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PEACHES— Rule quiet, showing no special
feature. Choice are quoted at 7®7Wc: extra
choice. 7%©Sc; fancy. 9%®10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES-The market con
tinues quiet, demand being light. Holders
hewever. show no disposition to push business
and prices consequently remain steady. Com
nir-n are- quoted at 4©4%c; choice 5fi0c
estra choice, *i%0C«%c; fancy, 7c.
- PRUNES — For future delivery are barely
steady, but spot supplies are firmly? held with,
quotations from 3«ic to 0c. according to grade
APRICOTS— Are unchanged. Choice are
quoted at 0%©l0c; «xtra choice, 10".4@10%c;
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEK— 8pot Rio. steady; mild steady.
Futures closed steady at net unchanged prices;
total ealen were 13.C00 bags. Including Sep
tember. 0.05c; December, 6.30®0.35c; Ma'ch
6.60c.
SUGAR— Raw. nomlnsl; refined quiet.
BUTTER— Firm: strct-t prices, extra cream
ery, 17*4c;" official prices unchanged
CH EESE— Unchanged,
EGGS— Firm; Western extras, selected 20c:
firsts, lJS%®19c. '
NEW YORK. July 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23.000 barrels; exports. 14,(300 barrels; flrm but
dull; Minnesota patents, fi 95^5 25; Minne
sota bakars. $3 70®4; winter extras, $3 S5ig!
3 »0; winter low grades, $3 16(^3 70.
• WHEAT— Receipts, 16.000 bushels; spot.
firm; No. 2 red, nominal elsvator and $1 08%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 07%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened \lower on for
eign selling, but at once rallied and were
strong all day on the bullish Western crop
news. Final prices showed %o to l%c net
advance. July. 08i46&!»%e. cloned at fai%c;
September. W t Q0\c. closed at OOHc: Decem
ber. 8!><&O0Kc. closed at 89T»c.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
Ne7V York Grain and Produce.
A local house says of Wool: "There are no
changes to' report' In existing conditions In the
local market for Wool. The spring clip of the
State' and the entire coast Is pretty well mar
keted and there will be. little stock held or
carried forward, as both demand and prices are
most satisfactory to growers. Indications are
favorable for prompt sales of chotce fall clips
at better prices than were realized last season.
Lamb Wool is now reaching the market freely
and prompt buyers are found for all offerings
at full quotations."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and' brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. . Heavy Halted
Steers. 9%c; medium, 8%@9c; light; 8®8%c:
Cow Hides, -8®8%c for heavy and
8@8%c for light; Stags. 6c; Salted
Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, H>%011c; dry Hides. 10c; dry Kip. 13c:
dry Calf, 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®40c
each; short Wool, 40@C5c each; medium. 75(9
90c: long Wool, $1«U 50: Horse Hides, salt,
$2 75 for Iarg« and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25
<fil 75 for small and 50c for Colts. Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1@1 25 for email and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30<932%c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do. $1 25; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, AQlViC per, lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL. — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 17@10c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months* 10@12c; do 7 months'. 9@llc per lb:
Middle Counties, 13ffl7c for free and 12tfl3c
for defective: Northern. 16@18c for free and
14@16e for. defective; Nevada, 13@lCc. accord
ing to condition.
• HOPS— Nominal at 2O@27%c p«r Jb for Cali
fornia, 1903 Contracts for 190*. crop are quoted
at 17%$20c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Potato market was slenderly supplied
during th« early trade owing to the lats ar
rival o f the principal river boat, and the prices
established for Burbanks on the preceding day
were well maintained, with occasional sales of
the best stock reported at a premium Prices
receded, however, upon the arrival of the be
lated boat, and the market closed rather easy,
with $1 S5 an extreme figure. Early Rose were
lower owing to the lack of demand for ehlp
plng, and Garnet Chiles declined sharply under
greatly increased receipts.- Onions were -In
light receipt and firmly held at the previously
quoted rates.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
demoralized, with Summer Squash and Cucum.
bers the most plentiful' and weakest descrip
tions. Tomatoes, too. were abundant, and it
was difficult to obtain over 50c for small pack,
ages from Vacavllie and vicinity. Peppers Egg
Plant.- Green Okra and String Beans continued
to arrive freely and second quality offerings
drsgged badly. ¦_ . '
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
$1 600'2 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks $1 85®2 10
per ctl; Early Rose. $1 40@l (10; Garnet Chiles,
$1 35ft I 50; old Potatoes. $1@1 25 per ctl. ¦
- ONIONS— New Ked. $1 15 per sack;* Sllver
sktns, $1 40® 1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn $1@1 50 per
sack and $1 CO4?2 -per crate; Asparagus. 40
6c per lb: Rhubarb. 4ftg60c per box; Garden
Peas, 3%®4c per lb; String and Wax Beans.
2@3c per lb; Lima Beans, 8c per lb; Tomatoes
In small boxes and crates. 40@75c; large open
boxes. $1 25®1 50; Summer, Squash, 25® 40c
per box; Cabbage, $1 per ctl; Carrot*. $1 per
sack; Cucumbers. 25<B50c ner box; Garlic, 3©4c
per lb; Egg Plant, $1 25® 1 50 per box: DrUd
Peppers, 8@10c for sun-dried and 12%<$13c per
lb for evaporated; Dried Okra, 12%@15c per lb;
Green Okra, 10@12%c per lb; Green Peppers,
$1 25@1 60 per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LONDON, July 13, — The offerings at the
wool sales to-day amounted to 12,021 bales.
Merinos were In general demand am) especially
for France and Germany. Scoureds were in
active. Cape of Good . Hope and Natal fine
grea«y wero .firm and sold well. Americans
bought a few good Merinos and ' fine cross
breds. Withdrawals were scarce, owing to the
firmness of holders. '
London Wool Market.
NEW YORK. July 13. — Cotton futures opened
firm. July. 10.75e: August. 10.78c: September,
9.S6c: October. l).«Sc; November, offered O.COc;
December. OfHc: January, 9.C4o.
Spot cotton closed quiet; middling uplands,
11.15c; middling culf, 11.40c. Sales, 201 bales.
Cotton futures closed barely etpady. July,
lO.lSo; September and October, 9.55c; Novem
ber, f>.4ftc: December, 9.52c; January. 9.62c;
February, 0.53c; March. 9.58c.
Ne7v York Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept Deo-
Opening ....- 9 5% 6 7 6 7%
Closing 0 6 6 7% 6-7%
PARIS.
Wheat — • July. Nov.-Feb,
Opening 20 l»0 20 05
Closing 20 85 20 05,
Flour— . ?.
Opening 28 45 28 20
Closing 28 30 28 20
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Lima Beans are quoted very flrm at produc
ing points. The dealers are all sold out and
are now going to the growers for supplies,
but cannot get any, as the growers. In view
of the short crop prospects are not inclined
to let go. Otherwise there Is nothing new to
report In thi« line.
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 40®2 55; Pea, *2 90tg3;
Bnttcrs. $3; small White $2 85@3 10; large
White. $2 35#2 CO; Pink. $:; 4O#3 50: Red.
$4 25©4 50; Lima. $3 30<&3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 7G-35; niackeye, $2 05@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2®2 50 •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. $1 0O@2 25; Canary, C%@
.c; Alfalfa, 15®15?4c; Rape 1%@2%c; Ttmo.
thy. 5%c : Hemp, 3J4@.'i%e per lb; Millet.
2%ifi3>,4c; Broom Corn Seed, $20(321 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8«»c; three
half barrels. 8 He; one tierce. 8%e; two tierces,
8c; five tlercea, 7Tjc per lb.
¦ Chicago quotations came through weak. The
wires said that In view of the accumulated
stocks and the general holding back of Hogs
in the country there was nothing bullish In
the situation in spite of the strike. In regard
to the latter factor the private telegrams of
Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. said:
"It Is altogether a dull market. Conditions
concerning the strike are so wholly uncertain
as to Its effectiveness and continuation that all
speculation !s at sea for the moment. Market
Is without tendency and nearly every one for
the time being is without a pronounced
opinion." v
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12%c; -Mess Beef. $109
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $11@11 50: Family.
$12012 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra
clear, $21; Mess. $17 50: Dry Salted Pork, 9Ue;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 60>6%c per Ib for
common and 9c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
ftVlc; 10-lb tins 9%c; 6-lb tins, 8%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. •
Provisions.
Cons for money.. M)H|N T Central 122%
Do for acct fif<*4INor St. Western... 01 Vi
Anaconda .<. 3%| Do pf<1 83 '
Atchison .... 77%IOnt i Western... 20$4
Do pfd 5»S I Pennsylvania (Jl M
Rait & Ohio fu'iinand Mines 10H
Can Pacific 129^1 Reading 20<?i
Ches & Ohio ."UH1 D o 1st pfd 42%
Chi Great Wwt.. 14%l Do 2d pfd 3Ti>
Chi, Mil & St P..1S1 (So Railway 24»i
De Beers 1»T»| Do pfd M
Den & Rio G.... 22vilSo Pacific BUI
Do pfd 73 HI Union Pacific .... 9Mi
Erie 2B I Do pfd 0<5%
Do 1st Pfd «2%iU fi Steel 12
Do 2d pfd 8S»Ij Do pfd (^%
111 Central 138 Jwabash 17
Louis & Nash 11<>%I Do pfd 3fi%
M. TC &- Texan... 13 ISponloh 4* so'
Bar silver— Weak. 26 ll-l&l per ounce.
Money — 2Q2V4 per cent. -r.-\ :
The rate of dlwount in the open market for
short bills is 2 3-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 3-10©2Vl per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Tha improved conditions on the Stork and
Bond Exchange were still move pronounced
yesterday, and trading was very good, bot&
bonds and stocks beinz active. The sugar
stocks continued flrm and Hawaiian Commer
cial advanced to $53. but fell back to $32 5O.
Makaweli was a fraction . or so higher at
$23 75. Sales of bonds were $f!2.000. The oil
stocks continued quiet. The Tonopah mining
stocks were briskly dealt In. but th* Comstocks
were not active.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday — California - street
Cable Railroad. 75c. «
The following oil ' dividends have been de
clared: Oil City Petroleum, a reirular monthly
> of 'ie per share and an extra dividend ef aa
1 equal amount, aggregating In all $5000. payable
: August 1. Twenty-eight Oil Company, a regu
lar monthly of 15c per share and an extra
dividend of 5c. amounting la all to $12,000,
payable August 1. The United Petroleum Com
pany. *1 15 per share, payable July 15. Th*
Union Oil Company. 70c per share, payable
July 15.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend at the rat* of <J per
I cent r>er annum on the $250,000 capita) stock,
payable Immediately.
The Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company has declared a quarterly dividend of
I 1% per cent on the capital stock, payable July
I 15. . This Is an Increase ef V* per cent a&4
brings the yearly return up to 7 per cent.
The Ophir Mining Company has been notified
I of th? shipment of two more railroad carloads
; of ore. making nine carloads now en route or In,
process of sal*. '
The Humboldt Savints Bank Is now paying
Its regular semi-annual dividend of $30 - per
share to Its stockholders. Over $10,000 was
added to surplus from the earnings ef th*
last six months. I
A special meeting of th* stockholders of th*
Sierra Railway Company has been called for
September 7, 1904. to vote on a proposition to
Increase the bonded indebtedness of the cor
poration $860,000 and to authorize the Issue of
jSStiO.CCO 5 per cent forty-year bonds, which wlU
be exchanged for the present second mortgage
bonds at the rate of one new bond of $1000 for
two of the second mortgaa-e bonds.
STOCK AND BONT> EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAT. July 13—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ark.
4s qr coup. -108 l<m>41»s qr cp new.l.r»HU3%
4s 0,1 reg.-.106%106%|33 qr co«p...K»% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Ob 63.117% —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 | Do 5* 1C9% — *
Cal C O 5s. — 104%; Do eon 5s.lOO%lf3
Cat O & E g I Oceanic S 5s. — 72%
m d. ex os. StVi 85%lOm Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — 115 I Par G Im 4s. M% 56
C C Wat 6s. — 100 |P F. Ry Ss.lfW 104%
EdL & P BS.124U — ir^CH 6s.lO3 t-
F & C H 68.114 — ?P &. O RCa.112 11.1 '
G«ary-st 6s.. — 80 Pi-weM-nt tts. — 114
H C4S 5%*.100 — Sac £GJcR5s. 87% —
Du 5s 09% — SP & gJV5s.ll7%115
Hen R T Cs.105 — Sierra R «s.. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — — S P ef A «s
I, A Ry 59.113% — <lflO9> — —
L A L Co <Js — — <1910> 107% —
Do gtd «». — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 1C5 I (in0S»Sr A.102*i —
LAP lem 5s.lf»l% — f fl»05)Sr B.103% — ,
Mlft-st C 69.113U — I (19O»;> 105 —
Do lem 5S.114H — t O912) 115%ll«
MV& MtT5s.lOl% — |SPC 1 cs 5s.H0 — .
NRR of C6s.l»t% — J Do •tmpd..lfr<%lCO
D.> 5s 117 — IS P B R 6S.1S2 132H
¦N P C R R*.1O4% — IS V Wat es.WRfJ _
N C Ry' 5s. — 112 I Do 4s 2dm. 90 JH>%
N C P C 5s. — 100 I Do 4s 8dm. 9Sti !»%
N S R R 5s. — 101 Do g mtgls 97% —
O G LAH Ss.107 1«^8 IPtkn G&Eto. — /
O "W gtd 5a. — 100 |U.C & E 5s. — J03 (
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 — I Port Costa. .. — — -
Maiin Co... — «O |s V- Wat Co. 3S% 39
. ., GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 3%jS F C & E. «0 60%
Mutual E L. mi 12%|Stkn O ft E. — «"
Pac L Co... 57% — !U G & E Co. — .—
Firem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS. - .
Am Ntl Bk.,115, 13O |L P ft A.... — 158
Anglo-Cal ./ — — iMer TrusL...20« '" -»'¦.
Bank of Cal. 424 — IMereh Ex.... BO, —
Cal Bafe Dp. — 150 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl ~ — I /
RAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 | Sav & . L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — ¦ - — JSec Bar -Rk.S^O --->-..
Mutual Sav.100 105 ! Union T Co.. — . —
S F Sav U.C0O €SO I.
STREET RAILROADS. KH
California .. — 200 X Presidio .....41 43
Geary — — f
POWDER.
Giant 60 — iVlsorit .....*— 9
SUGAR. . -
Hana P Co.. — 13c IKliauea S C. — ' 4
Hawaiian C. 52 — IMakawell C. 23% 24
Honokaa S C Vi 13 lOnomea S C. 23 27%
Hutch S P C 8% — I Paauhau 8 C 13 —
MISCELLAN KOUS.
Alaska PA. — 137 | Oceanic a Co. — 4%
Cal F C A. 09 lOOMPac AUx FA. 5 — '
Cal Wine A. — 90 | Pac C Borx.156 159
MV& MtTm.100 — | . ¦ .
Morning Session.
Board-
SO Alaska Packers' Association... 137 00
5 Hawaiian Com! ft Sugar 52 50
10 Haw&iiaa Coin! ft Sugar K 37(4
85 Hawaiian Coml ft JSugar S2 29
CO Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar, b 60.. M OU
5 Makaweli ....ZKV
20 8 F Gas ft Electric W S7^4
90 S F Gas ft Electric, b SO...... €0 0O -
390 S F Gas ft Electric ,"..... 60 GO
$1,000 S F 4 S J V 5 per Cent 117 BO
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s {3d mtge) M 76 !
Street^- • iBaMatetMftsfagMJMBpsi
53 Cal Fruit Canners' Assn..'.... 00 CO
$4,000 Northern By of Cal 6 per cent. 104 87 %
$5,C00 Sac XHect Gas ft Ry 5s «7 75
,'¦ • * . ¦ Afternoon . Session.
Board —
20 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar '52 50
50 Honokaa S Co 13 23"
SO Hutchlnson S P Co 8 «2%
40 MakaweU 23 75
$5,000 Northern By of Cal « per cent. 104 87%
$32,000 Sac Elect Gas ft Ry 5s 37 75 .
Street — .
'$5.«00 Spring Valley 4a (2d mtge) 89 28
Unlisted Securities.
Miscellaneous bonds.
Bid: Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 69 |SF- & NP 5». — 100*4"
B L Wat 6s. — 117 Is P C R 4s. ~ 100
liOOB— Receipts. 1500 head; market strong.
Bulk of nales, $4 SO® 5; heavy, $4 !l0@."i; pack
er*. $4 R6#S; pigf- and light, $4 25^4 SO.
gllEEP— Receipts. 1200 head; market 'J0Q25C
lower. Mutters, $3 '2T>@4 50; lambs. $4 23@
0 25; range wethers, $3 60@4 50; ewes, $3 2WJ
3 75. 5
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 13.— CATTLK—
Recei|it,c. 1000 head; market steady. Native
steer?, $4 | g4 CO; Southern steers, $2*75«j4 75:
Southern cows, $2ff3 60; native cows and
helf«?rs. stockers and feeders, $2 75® 4 50
bullf. $2 50 jN: calves, $2 50(^1 50; Western
steerK. $4fr5 75: Western cows, $2S?4.
Kansas City.
. CHICAGO. Jnly .J13. —.CAXTL.&— Receipts.
C5C0 head; market steady. Good to prlma
steers, f3 50ft»S 40; poor to medium, ?4 5035;
stockers and feeders, 50JH; cows, $1 liO^p
4 50; heifers, |2S5 25; canners. $1 50@2 65;
bulls. ?2&4 23; calves, $2 50^5 55.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 10,000 head. ' to
morrow 10,0(>0 head; market steady. Mixed and
butchers'. $5.20&'5 40; S'tod to choice heavy,
$5 26W.1 40; rough heavy, $5 lOftS 25; light.
$5 l'ij/5 •*); bulk of sales. $5 20@5 30.
HHKBP — ReceipU, 6000 head; market for
sheep and Iambs slow to steady. Good to
choice wethers. $140*95 25; fair to choloe
mixed, $3 2.y.?4 25; native lambs, $3 5O@7.
Chicago.
NEW TORK. July 13.— A growth of the
eptculative forces at work .in the etock mar
ket was again manifest in to-day's dealings,
which rose well above yesterday's total and
exceeded the flgut-e of last Wednesday, which
haii ntade a record on the movement. The
market was spotty and irregular throughout.
Some of the recent leaders were reactionary
and manifestly h-eld back by profit taking.
Others which were subjected to thin process
in t: v early dealings developed renewed
strength .'ate in the day. Ail. including th»
sustaining etrong points in the early trading,
were moi-6 or less affected by prosit taking
during the day, but the successful taking of
proOts is one of the most important tests of
th«- aclua! strength of a fprculative market.
The conversion Into each of profits on a rise
without materially affecting the advances
caut-ed by the epeeulative buying which caused
the rite is a demonstration of the spread of
tin dtmand and leaves the market in a
stronger i-jeltion by eo much as the absorption
to which lt is to be subjected has been ac
rompliched. To-day' e market was kept ap
parently well in hand throughout. The
sellinK at ether quarters; the wide opening In
St. Paul, at 147 and 147%. and its almost im
mediate relapse jrave bo strong an impression
of manipulation that a party of room traders
maintained a Fuspiclous attitude toward the
market and put out short lines at all stages
of the. advance.
Th» Pacjflrs 'aisumed the leadership In th«
afternoon, and thic led to a revival of talk of
an early decision of the Northern Securities
suit in favor of the Union PacISc contention
and a possible early increase In the dividend
rate. The day's news did not offer any Im
mediate ground for the action of the market.
un!e*» it might t>? the large receipts of Jap
iikm' and other gold flowing into New York
banks from San Francisco. But the banks
report a decline In the volume of currency
receipts from the Interior, from which lt Is
expected to be progressive from this time.
Tlie wheat market made decisive response to
fears of crop danzatre from rains, which were
accentuated by estimates of several crop
experts of pome authority. Th* heavy shrink
age In exports of breadstuff* for June again
makes the June domestic exports compare
poorly with th* lart year. The meat packers'*
ntrlk* wzs Ignored. The market was well sus
tained to the laft and the close was fairly
st»-ady.
Ivmd* were firm. Total sales, par value,
$4,300,000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 30,200 7»i% 75*, 76»-i
Atchisca pfd 300 t'5*i 85 U 83 U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 12,300 ; ST.% M% S3%
Bait & Ohio pfd 200 «4 31 94 .
Canadian Pacific... 1.S00 125% 125% 123«4
Crn of New Jersey. 500 1W% 165'J lwi
Chesapeake & Ohio. 3,100 3:<^ s:;sj, 3.j^
Chicago & Alton... 100 Stf'i .TJ114 37%
Chi 4: AltOO pfd 100 81 81 80»4
Chi Great Western. 1.300 14% 13% 14U
Chicago & N W... 3..%00 176 174% 176%
Chi. Mil & St P... 41.B0O 147!i 14<S?» 147»,
C. M & St P pfd.. 180
Chi Term A Trans '. 6%
Chi T & T pfd 15%
C. C. C & St Loul*. COO 74'.i 74 • 74'i
Colorado Southarn :. 15%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1O0 60% 50% 50
Colo South 2<1 pfd. 1C0 22 22 21%
Dfla & Hudson... ' 600 159% 163 158%
1*1. Lack & West 270
D*nver fc Rio G... 000 22% 22% 22%
l;cn & Rio G ptd.. 600 7.1 "71% 72%
Trie 12,800 25% 2514 25%
Erie let pfd S.SOO Cl% 60% 61>4
Erie 2d pfa COO 3SH' 37% 38
Hocking Valley 400 67% ««% «7%
Hocking Valtey pfd 300 b?Ti 62% 82
Illinois Central 2,000 134% 134 V* 134^;
Iowa Central 200 1«U 1P% 18%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 30 -86 3<;%
K C Southern 300 22 22 ,21ft
K C Southern pfd.. 1.100 43% 42% 43 >J
Louis & Nash 0.709 114 113% 113%
Manhattan L 800 I.*i2% 151% 151%
Metropolitan Sees.. 1.000 89 88»i 8S
Metropolitan St Ry 1,000 116% 115% 115%
Mt.xiran «"entral .. 8*.
Minn A Ft Louis 42'
M 8t P & f> 8 M-. 2.300 70% 70 70
M. StP & S 8 M pfd 2.C0O 127 120 126U
Missouri Pacific... 10,300 93% 92% »3>i
Me, Kan & Texas. 3,600 1R% 18% ' 18»4
M. K it T pfd.... 1.700 89% .39% 39%
Ntl R H Mex pfd .! ..V. 37%
New York Central. 4,700 119% 118 118%
Norfolk * Western 68%
Nor &• Wc«t pffl 88
Ontario «c Western 11.700 29 H 28% 20
Pennsylvania 78,000 119% 118% 119
Reading 60,100 ". r.2%.' 5lTi 52%
Heading 1st pfd... 100 83% S38i 83%
Hock Island Co.... «2.&r»0 22T4 21% 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 2,100 67% 00% 67U
FtL & SF 2d pfd.. 400 47% 47% 47%
Ft Louis S W 600 Vi 12% 13
Rt Louis S Wjjfd.. 2.700 82% 31% 81%
Southern' Pacific... 12.300 61% 40% sis
Southern Railway.. 7,800 g3% 23% 53%
fcouthem Ry pfd.. 3ijO «S% SSVi 88«J
Texas & Pacific 1.400 25% 25 23
T, Bt L A W 100 25*4 25% 25%
TlBtL&Wpfd ..?. Z... 37'/!
Union Pacific 80,100 94% 82% 94%
T.'nlon Pacific pfd.. loo 93% ft.1% - Q^il
Wabash 'BOO 17% 16% n
Wabasn pfd 4,600 36%, 35% 38%
Wheeling & L B ' .... je
"Wisconsin Central. 900 18% 17% 18
Wisconsin Cen pfd ,... .... 30,"
Express Companies— •
Adams .... .....225
American 300 . 201 200 201
United States .... .;.. - .... 100 -
Wells-Fargo ..'.. ;"... . .... 201
- Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 13,80« 81% 51U 81%
A^n <"ar & Pound.. 700 • 18 18 19
Am Car ft F pfd.. W0 v76 78 76
Am Cotton Oil 27«
Am Cot Oil pfd... gfi
Am Ice ... 1W e,% 6% ««
Am Ice pfd BOO 28»J 26«4 2«%
Am Linseed O41 .. 709 9 b\l 6%
AVrc York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, July 13.— On , the Produce Kx
chanjrc to-day the butter market was steady:
creamery. 13<?16c; dairy. 12315c; eggs, flrm
15%i§15%c; cheese, steady, S'fSVic
CATTLE? SHEEP AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
"The United States Department of Agricul
ture reports that as a general summary the
Hay crop of the State is the largest for several
years, except In the south. The department
reports the grain crop fair in the southern dis
tricts, but below the average, taking the State
as a whole.
"Prices remain practically unchanged. The
consumers are al! holding off and trade is much
duller than generally experienced at this time
of the year Some little Hay Is moving coast
wise, but the local crop at each poyit to wrhlch
we ship will tend to lessen this trade ma
terially during the next few months." /
Straw Is lower. i ';':
BRAN— $22®23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24®20 per ton.
SHORTS — J22®2i{ per ton. ,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 60-022 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@
32 60; jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cak<% $22®28:
Corn Meal. $30 60331 50; Cracked Com. 5*1 (f
32; Mixed Feed. $22@22 50; Horse Beans. J30jj>
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. »0c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $10$ 13; WhAt- and Oat $(»®
11 50; Oat. fO<S?Jl 50; Barley and Oat* $S®
10 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $8@l0; stock. $70S;
Clover. f~ 50«10: Alfalfa. $7®10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50fi 70c per bale.
previous estimates of damage' In the South
west. Even Snow's report confirms this. He
estimates 25 to 50 per cent In the Missouri
Valley. Advices from Nebraska are more or
lees complaining of rust and cables are show
ing more Interest In . American prices and
American crops - and are showing a stronger
tone. We fere still of the view that the con
ditions Justify at least the December and Sep
tember price and that wheat should be bought
on the weak spots. Further unsettled weather
is predicted and 'seems likely." ¦ '¦ * • • •• ¦
In this market both cash Wheat and futures
were firm. . with the latter' higher. Reliable
sources report that the shippers have entered
the market and arc actively looking for Wheat
In the country at bids of 2&C over what they
were willing to pay last week. The millers
also want choice plump Wheat, but It la in
reduced supply this year, as already stated.
The local situation is quite firm, with meager
stocks. ' .
CASH "WHEAT.
California Club, $1 30@l 35: California
White Australian, $1 52H@1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 30@l 35; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES. v t.;. -
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High." Low. Close.
December ...»1 31% fl S2V4 $1 31% $?32^
2 p. m. Session. . * '"¦£
December— $1 32.
BARLEY — Th« Increased firmness already
noted continues and the demand Is now active,
both here and In the country. The report of
the climate and crop . section of the Weather
Bureau that the crops of Wheat and Barley
were below the average, coupled with the ad
mitted fact that much of this year's grain
will turn out pinched and of light weight, has
emphasized the firmness, and the buyers of
Feed, i Brewing and Shipping, have advanced
their bids, with evident-eagerness to purchase.
Futures were higher yesterday as well as th«
cash grain, owing chiefly to the light re
ceipts.
CASH BARLEY.
Ffted. 97«4c@$l; new Brewing. $1 02%@l 08;
old Brewing, $1 05@l 10; Chevalier, nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. I
Open- High. Low. Cloee.
December ... 83 08% 98 98%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... »$& »S*i 98H 08% I
OATS— Offerings on 'Change are light and
the market ie- firmly held, but not. active. The
5132 ctls In from Oregon came for account of
the recent Government order for Manila, so
will not be placed on the market.
Old crop— White, ?l 32%. New crop— Red.
$1 15/Q1 30; Gray, nominal.
. COUN — No further change Is reported In this
market. Trade is still dull.
Western sacked, $1 45@1 47% for Yellow.
$1 45@1 47% for "White and $1-45 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small
round do. $1 60@l eo; White $1 45@1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian $1 3001 35 for White and
$1 25©I 30 for Brown.
RYE— Several lots of new crop ar» offering
on 'Change and are quoted at SI 20@l 25 per
I ctl. Old is steady at $1 30©l 32>, per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 «5®2 per ctL
Flour and Millstntfs*.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 00, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 6Q(gH SO;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat $4: '
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; !
Rolled Oate, bble. $7 23QS &>; in eacks. $S 750
8 10; Pearl Barley. ?6; Split Peas, boxes. 17:
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
. Hay and Feedstuff s.
The receipts of Bran and other Feed from !
Oregon by the steamer just In were moderate
i and Bran Is reported steady in consequence, |
though prices show no change.
I Hay prices show general revieion, with re
ceipts sufficient to supply the^vurrent demand.
! The circular of Somers & Co. says: •'There
• has been a slight decrease in shipments of Hay
; to market during the past week, the total
! b«ing 3000 tons, or 400 tons less than for the
week preceding. The situation remains prac
tically unchanged here, although there have
been several disturbances of various kinds In
the country. The Stockton district has been
somewhat besieged of late by the Southern
California dealers, and at that point prices
have been temporarily advanced becauae of
j this; so much so that nothing can be mar
keted there to any advantage at present. The
j ffermers at Livermore seem disposed to bold
! fir extreme figures, and we therefore note very
I light chlpments* from that section. ' The same
I Is true of the Holllster district. The Sacra
j mento Valley Is beginning to send in small
¦ shipments and will probably have a large quan-
I tlty of Hay for this market during the next
I two months.
CHICAGO. July 13.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring
wheat. 98c!&$l; No. S, 88Q07e; No. 2 red. $1 08
«?1 10; No. 2 corn. 49^c: No. 2 yellow. 51 He;
N'o. 2 oats, 44ii€-M?ic: No. S white. ZKSi'li^c;
No. 2 rye, f5Se: good feeding barley. :{5i9':{Sc;
fair to choice matting. 4i!(^.V)c: No. 1 flaxseed,
?1 12: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 18^4; prime
timothy peed, $2 95: mees pork, per bbl, $12 85
@13; lard, per 1C0 lbs. $B 02^66 95; short ribs
sides Ooosw). ?7 37Va@7 50: Bhort clear sides
(hoxedjv $7 2D@7 o0; whisky, basis of high
wines, %\ 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75
en.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel*.... 4:$,5tiO 20.700
Wheat,' bushels 17,000 24.5O0
Corn, bu»hels 266.800 1S1.70O
Ofcts. buehelft 15O.SIC0 20S.COO
Rye, bushels 1,000 S00
Barley, bushels 29.100 3,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Business in Local Stocks and
Bonds Improving.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available ca*h balance,
$155.64.J,t55S: gold, $57,l&3,160.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. July 13. — Close — Honey on call
was eacy. 1@1U per cent; closing bid, 1 per
cent; offered, H% v.r cent.
Time loans, steady; tlxty days, 2 per cent;
ninety daye, 2V» r>er cent; six months, 3Vi@
3^s ptr cent. ' »
Prime mercantile paper, 3§4 '» »er cent.
Sterling •schange. heavy, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at »4.8715@4.S72O for de
mand and at $4.S3U>'a4.&515 for sixty-day bills.
Vc*t.-d rates. H SCg4 SS.
Commercial bills. $4 85.
ftar silver. 5»c.
Mexican dollars, 45>jc.
BonJF — Government, weak; railroad, firm.
United States threes declined a 4 and the new
fours coupon H per cent on call.
New York Money Market.
STOCK MAEKET.
r Ranking Personal.
Hfcrv*y C. Semers, the well known capitalist
uni merchant, ha» roceived a letter from
Jarr.t-k J. r'agan. secretary of the American
National Bank, notifying h'.m of his selection
«* director cf th» barik. the eWtir-n being un-
Bi'Ug-ht and therefore highly complimentary-
Scraps From Wall Street.
Prifats wires f-om Wall ttreet to Mitchell,
H"l<'*ky & Cu. r^'erday K*re cf a decidedly
botUati tenor. On* ccno^pcjident said: "The
Stock market :* now «n »nttrely i*.!fr<?r«?iit mar
ket :ruin anything *e»-n :<>r months past."
>noTh*r «a;d that th» market tif broadening
dsi!v. and th» la.t» TfMlizing was abeorbed by
the surrfcet with tuch e««e that an advance
was row (n crder. Ancth#r gai-1 that It was a
b:ii1 metket sure, arid that as Ion* as the corn
¦nd ooitfin oro|>»i continue all right the stock
mark't w;!l \»- ail right. The brokers were ad
vi»iing iheir ouirtomer? to buy en a'.I weak
••r"J's. nrni attributed the current bullish feel
iriR to :ho favorable crop indications and the
cl«»«rin4r at the political atniofpher*-. Russia
m*« «aid to be arranging for a $€2.00(>.000 loan
In Germany.
Hops and Dried Fruit.
Mail advict-s from New Tork ««y.:
HOPS — Advices r*-o*>ived from the co«*t were
f.'Jvc more general cotnp'aint of the drj
• eathfr in Oregon, and amnrtg eorae there was
• dirpocition to reduce eftlmatee. they claiming
that the <>regon crop will not yield In excess
ef S0.<Xx> balf-s. Eldt of ISc and 19e were be
ing r > > rethT freely for contracts of new
hops, but growers declined to sell. It was
learned that at the close of last week a sale
• i-.j- made in the !>¦*! market of 10O bales
choice California at 2«c. The tone of the local
market for the day was reported steadier.
Bu*:ne*» with brewers ccctinued quiet.
There is nothing doing 1n California raisins
\ *nd less fJcrnand for it. ni<ied. The
; cti'x'k of Oregon Italian prunes on the spot Is
¦ arna!I and mwtly rontrclled by one holder.
I TYIth some dctnand th«- mark»-t haf further ad
vancefl. galee of 4^>»-o0s were made at &%C.
but r.othir.g it- now to be fiad below 5>4c. Ppot
of the other rttea sr» about exhausted,
'•nd they are nominally quoted at 6c for 30t
<o« and 5t^ for 50s-«>0». No bueimt» of conse
quence in furture California prunes was re
jvrteil yesterday. Oflerings cf Santa Claras
on a 2c f . o. b. bag batis for first half Octo
b»-r shipment were etill made, tut sellers were
Indifferent and buy-r* equally so. Few of the
la-»:e packer* are dirroeed to Quote at less
than 2I4C taei* for nfw crop, an-1 it is claim*.!
that occasional Mile* of carload lots are made
e>n thai basis. Feaches a.n4 apricots are quiet,
but firm. t
Weather Report.
(iV.ii Meridian— Pacific Time)
f-A.\ ?"RAN" CISCO, July 13 — S p. m.
Th# following n.axjmuai and minimum tem
jH-ratur-F arc reported for the previous day
from Eart«m rttJes:
Borton 82-70'New Orleans M-74
Cinclnrsatl K2-452 Philadelphia *S-M
Jacksonville 64-70 Washington 8*-«2
St. Louis S4-6C,New Toik ?2-64
f-ar PVanclsco C6-A2
THE COAST RECORD.
I tTATIONS. Z ||l| |f I* 1
Ti»»ter . 53.G2 74 4f» ?W Pt.CIdy .00
«"»ra«* ia.TO 7S 60 W Oear .00
Eureka 311. (,4 56 4% NW Clear .00
rr^fno ?j.;t it* JW fcfW Cl«-ar .00
F .E. Faral Ion. 'Jm.va C5 W NW Clf-ar .00
FWr»taff -J«.74 SO X2 W <1ee.r .00
I'.xaUllo 2».sj 76 64 Fff CUar -C8
lr.dejiendrnre 59. 7U !«O «0 FE Cl>ir ' .00
J>* Ancetes..S».?4 K4 m >v r"jear -O0
li*. TatsalpaIs.2fi.dO 7S in W Oear .00
Jworth Uea4.%34.eO 54 4* XW Cloudy 00
Fhficr.Ix 23. SS 10« 7C W Clear .t)0
Point Heyes..£*.bi fi 50 NW Clear .00
P^rtltnd 23.OIJ 70 44 NW Ft. CM/ .00
Red Ki»ff 2«.J4 Ut tin KE I1*ar .O>l
U^-fiurn :».*>> 7X 42 NW Cl^ar .00
Fa«rn»m«-Mo . .•st.'ir, «#o «5rt • t« <^»^ar 00
Fait \jK.Y.f 2M.M3 "« 60 N Cl»ar .Oo
Franoi«=co.a«.^ «x 62 W CTfar 00
Kan L'Jtlrpoia.hO hi 4S \V Clear* .00
Fan Diego ...2a. 74 70 Sn SW Pt.Cldy .00
t^atUe 2S.H8 «54 41 W Cloudy .00
KiKjltaue 2S>.»"» 70 46 K Cloudy .00
Tc'.onfh UQ.itU .Vi 50 W Cloudy .00
V/^Jta Valla. 20. K4 IS 6<» KW lirar .OU
V»'!nn*TT-.uc«a .t".».»«> «O 4S Vv 'I'-ar .<<0 '
y-.nu 2*.<iO 1(>4 «:S \V Clrar.- ,00 j
V v:\TUCli CSOXD1TIOX8 AND GENKRAL
FOP.ECAST.
Thr yrrtsur^ has fallen over tfc« entire Pa
ciac Slop*. Over Oregon and fiauthtrn W«$h
ln«ion the fall ha» b*ec rapid. Warmer
»eaih<r ;:»•.*;> «r«T »he greater portion of the
J'afiflr f'nan.
I A mtiimum wind velocity cf SO miles from
• t 1 .- northwest in reported at the fioutheart
¥ Kjral'on station.
FW*rast nikdr- at £an I-Ysncisco fer thlrtj'
hour* < r.Z'.ng midnight. July 14:
(Cordtcm Cilifoitila — I'alr Thurbday, con
titttMd wurtr wr-mti-.er: li^bt northerly winds
lnlr»r.o; brisk westerly winds en tht coast.
fioutt-.t-rn Cailtornia — P"a;r Thursday ; light
+-*rtatty wind*.
TCevaOa — Fair Thurtdsv.
f?.n Franrisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
tnrk westerly wind*.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Fruit oud Wheat Bulletin.
I'or the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m. f
ircth tn^ridlan t:ai*. San Francisoo. July 1,1:
. s£ a» «-• os —
fill I = l\
STATIONS. £° * 9 < =a
i s 5 1 |»
• a • SJ.
' '. ft * ¦ "
Cffrerdale OS K Ciear ~00
Colusa 81 t>l Clear .00
Kureka 5<J 48 NV7 Oear .00
FrrrTt'j «S M NW Clear .00
Utts^rd &* 57 .... Clear ,0«
Uolllster • f* 48 TV Lt fcg .00
Independence »0 CO t>E Clear .na
Kias City PI SO Itf Clear .00
l-lvermore ......... 03 6» .... Clear .00
). « Argues. M 60 . W Clear .00
:.:.:c»-i «» 4» .... ciesr .00
?.apa «3 M S Oear .00
X>e»castle OS 72 W Oslr .w
NVwnjsn' 1C1 W .... Clear .00
Pulcrmo 93 57 .... Clear .00
Porter* Hie W «2 W Clear .CO
nt«l Hluff M €S SB Clear .00
Riverside 68 51 - ... Clear .00
Bacrsmer.to ©0 6* S Clear .00
Ban Di*-go 70 M SW Pt.CWy .00
E^n Francisco 08 52 W Clear .00
Ian Jom 85 K) .... Clear .00
Kan Luis ObSspo M 4S W aear .00
Kanta Maria. 73 62 Clear .00
Pints. Rosa «6 42 Clear ,00
Stockton 90 CO .,.. Clear .00
f'iilUtwg ..S3 VI 8 Pt.Cldy .to
WEATHEIt AXD CROP COXDITIONS.
RJv«T«iae — TCarm weather makes all crops
rrow fast. :j r <: ¦
Eanta MarU— Wind has moderated. Barley
en bean Un6 yleJdlnr 15 tacks to the sere aDd
Can Joss ¦ ftrtt crop cr-rieots about all In.
Stockton — First shipment Crawford peaches
from Acampo to-day.
Hollteter— Sugar beets promising well; small
acreage seeded.
Colusa— All crops in rood condition.
Hanfcrd — Grapes locking- excellent. Good
crop reaches anfl grain.
Palermo— Fruit conditions unchanged.
I.ivennore — Grape prospects getting lesa fa
vorable.
Clovcrdale — Warm weather advantageous as
to our fruit. J
Napa— Prunes developing nicely.
Newman — No change.
Merred— Krult ripening fast, prospects good:
some peaches on market.
Willows — Almond crop large.
« \-";v -A. G. McADIE.
EASTERN MAKKETS.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 190".
crop (subject to chanee without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown., 4c; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
seedless 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; seedless
Muscatels. SUc: do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins 16-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice. 5%e;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; In
bulk fancy. 6%c; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters $3"; Dehesa. $2 60; fancy. $2: London
Layers 3-crown, $1 8?; 2-crown. $1 28.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softehell. 13%£14e:
No. 2 11%®12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13if?l3^c;
No. 2. lligil^c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils. -ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 0%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11913c: Cocoanuts, $4 50©5.
HONEY — Comb. 11%«*12%C for white and
10®llc for amber; water white extracted. 5®
6c; light amber extracted. 4%©5c; dark,
"^BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
FRUITS — New crop futures— Apricots, T%®
J>V^c; Peaches, 5%@7%e per lb. Old crop —
Evaporated Apples. 6Htg7fcc; sun-dried, ZQ
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2®2\4c fer tha four
sizes. '.- ¦¦ -'¦
Dried Fru its, Nuts, Raisins ,Honey.
CURRANTS— $6«?S per chest.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 50HT90e:
In bulk. l%ig>2c per lb to the trade and $20®
30 per ton to the canners.
APPLES — Fancy. $1 25<gl 75 per box: com
mon to choice. 75cg$l 25; Crab Apples. 50c©
$1 per box.
PEARS— Bartlett. Slffl 25 for wrapped and
75ctf$l for open boxes: small green varieties.
40<Sr>Oc per small box or basket.
PEACHES — 25®60c per box; baskets, 40©
85c: open box** SOSSSc.
PLUMS . AND PRUNES — 50<|7Rc per crate
and 35<?J50c per box: baskets, 20@4Oe for Plums
and 50(g60c for Prunes. ,
FIGS— £0c$$l 25 for ordinary packages and
$1 50(31 75 for large boxes. '
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coaehella. %\ 25
<8"Z per erate; from Bakersfleld. $1 50@2 50 per
crate: Nutmeg Melons, $1 50 per box; Water
melons from CoachelU. lV4#li4e per lb.
GRAPES— $1 25«1 60 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oraneei.. $1 6OS2 50 per
box for ValenHas and $1 6n«2 for Mediterra
nean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25f?2 75 for fancy/,
$1 5001 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit^$l 50®2 50; Mexican Limes.
54-g4 50 per cafe; Bananas. $1 2."6>2 50 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian: Pineapples, $1 50f?2 50 per dozen.
Local trade In the fruit market was of good
volume and shipping brokers were purchasing
freely of* top quality stock for shipment on the
Pug«t Sound steamer out to-day. Choice offer
ings of Apricots. Plums and Trage4or Prunes
in crates were In good demand for export, and
such stock met with prompt tale at or near
the top quotations,' while lower grade offeringa,
which were still plentiful, were easy, with
prices Irregular. ' Fancy Apple* were also la
demand for shipping purposes, fancy Graven
steins packed In 4-tler boxes having the most
call. Bartlett Pears wero easier under In
creased supplies, but moved off freely at the
revised quotations, and some fancy lots of
small green Pears commanded a premium on
the wharf. Peaches were still abundant, but
dealers reported the market gradually cleaning
up. The Hale's Early .variety were selling at
25@3oc per box, while the yellow kinds were
steady at 40«je0c. Figs continued to advance
under steadily decreasing receipts and good
sound stock cleaned up quickly. The warm,
sunny weather stimulated trade in Melons, but
Coachf-lla Watermelons I were easier owing to
the competition of the Fresno article, two cars
of which were received. The Fresno Melons
were mostly large and of good quality and
were readily marketed at $1 50^23 per dozen as
to size. A crate of Thompson Seedless Grapes
came la from Dinuba. TuJare County, and sold
for $2. Berries sold off better than for some
little while back, and Raspberries and red
Loganberries did better.
Prices of Citrus and Tropical fruits stood
as previously quoted. Oranges were In good
request for shipment and a car of Valencia*,
which arrived In the forenoon, cleaned up read
ily for that purpose. Two carloads of Central
American Bananas were received, but the stock
w«» too «rre*n for Immediate use.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5O-§5 per chest for
Longworths and $1 75@3 60 for the larger va
rieties.
LOGANBERRIES— *2 50<33 50 per chest for
red and $2«2 50 for black. -1 .i
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50®* per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4®6 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wall-sirect Stocks from I \o 2 points higher.
Business in local Stocks and Bonds still improving.
Sik'er and Bxcliange about as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley in much better demand and higher. .
C*cts. Corn and Rye steadily held, but not active.
Hay pi sufiicicnt supply. - Feedstuff s about as before.
Lima Beans very firm at southern primary points.
Butter market excessively stocked and top-heavy.
Cheese in large supply and not as firm.
Eggs continue to advance, zvith receipts moderate.
Western Provision markets unsettled by the strike.
...... .
IV oil market reported in, fine condition by sellers.
tattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes on the do7cn grade- a pain. Onions firmly held.
,-V V'-"-
Vegetable market demoralized by excessive stocks*
Poultry market weak and quiet, but no lovcer.
r resli Fruit in good demand for local and shipping trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Money— lU B Steel 11 U,
Call loans 25-IVji Do pfd fO-%
Time loans . , ...'<i<a4Y*\ Westing Common. 78%
Bonds — I Mining—
Atchison 4s 101% I Adventure l»t
Do adj 4» 0"%i Allouez SVj
Mex Central 4s, .. 61 j Amal Copper . 51 >4
Railroads — lAmer Zinc lOVft
Atchlpon "«%! Atlantic 8%
Do pfd 95%tningham 25%
Boston & Albany. 24t,%U'alumet & Hecla.470
Boston & Maine. .l«7%!cenTennlal 24%
Koston Elev 1 51 % | Co pper Range ... r.2'i
Fltchburg pfd 135 1 Daly West 21'^
Mex Central 8'4!Dom Coal 42%
NY N H & H.-lfUMilFrankHn ?',(,
Fera Marquette ... 77-1 Gruncy 3 -
Union Pacific 04%!If1c Royale ltJi.J
Miscellaneous — | Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13%; Michigan 4»~J
Dp pfd 73% Mohawk 4M;
An/r Pneu Tube. 4 JMont Coal & Coke 3'4
Atner Sagar 12» |Old Dominion ... 14
Da pfd I-'* lOsceola 63U
Amer Ter & Tel . 1 2S i,i I Parrot 24%
,Am*r Woolen ... lO^JiQuincy 85
Do pfd 76%! Shannon 51%
Dom Iron & S... 8>i|Tamarack 91
Ed Elect Ilium. ..250 Trinity 51;
Gen Electric ....159%il! « Mining 21U
Mans Electric... 20UtUSOil Jl
Do pfd 73«ilUtah 36?;
Mass GU ::9>>i! Victoria 2%
United Fruit lrtO'.^lAVinona 8>4
Un Shoe Mach . . . .v> t Wolverine 73
Do pfd 29%)
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 201 L.lttle Chief CS
Alice 25iOntarlo SCO
Breece lOiOphlr 2 40
Bruns-Con 10! Phoenix 25
Com Tunnel OSiPotosl 1«
Con Cal & Va... 1 10| Savage . tl
Horn Silver 1 4R!Slerra Nevada :i0
Iron Silver 1 50| Pmall Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... 02| Standard 2 00
U R ref 2» reg. .104*4 1 L- & N unified 48.100%
Do coupon 10 4^ Man con gold 4b. 105
Do 5s rejr 104%|Mt<x Cintral 4s... 62
Do coupon 105«| Do let inc 14%
Do new 4* reg. 132 '{\ Minn &. St L 4s. 9«U
Do coupon 132%|M, K «- Tex 4s... 9T>%
Do old 4s reg..lO»n« D.v2d« 60%
Do coupon lOC'ilN'R cf Mex con 4e. 77%
Atch gen 4s 102Ti|N Y C gen 3%s.. 09»i
Do adj 4* P3^|N' J C gen 5«....132»i
AtlanUc C L 4s. 08% Nor Pacific 4s.. ..105
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO3>.i Dc 3s "5
Do 3V6» 94%!Ner & W con 4«..101
Central of Ga 6s.llO%|<>SL. 4i & partlc. 87T4
Do 1st Inc 79 ll'a conv H%^s f»R
Cl-.es. & Ohio 4%9.106%iP.eafiir.g gen 4s... 9S%
Chi & Alton 8%s. 7S%|S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
C. B & Q new 4s. OS S 1. & S F fe 4s. ?2
CM & EP gn 4s.lO7«.ilSt louis SW lsts. MVi
C & NW con 7«.1»%| f-oafcotrd A L 4s. 6S"*
C R 1 A Pac 4s. 71%iSj Pacific 4s SH'-S
Do col R« Sl'ilSi Railway 5s... 115%
C.C.C & RLgn 4s.lOli4:Tex i- Pac 1*U«..11»
Chi Ttrm *e 71%! T. St L & W. 4s. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. <H>4| Union Pacific 4s..io4%
Colo & So 4s St I Do conv 4s 102
C F & I con 6*. 71 *i U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7«%
l>en &. Rio G 4s. 99% Wab&sh lets 117Vi
Erlo rrlor lien 4«. flft . Do deb B 69Vi
Do gen U SS'iiW & L Erie 4s... »1%
F W & D C Ists. 103%l Wls Central 4s... 90
Hock Valley 4%s.l0;sJ|
Am Lin Oil pfd 28
Am Locomotive ... 500 20% 20% 20^
Am Locomotive pfd 200 83% 83% 83H
Am Smelt & Ret.. 1,800 01% 54% 54 Vi
Am Smelt & R pfd. 200 07% : 97% 97
Am Sugar Ref 5.700 129% 12S% 128%
Anaconda Min Co 73
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 14.600 50% 50 JKHi
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 33 31% 32*i
Consolidated Gas.. 600 105%- 1»5 • 1&5
Corn Products 400. 12 11'^ 11*4
Corn Products pfd. 500 70 70 •* 70 ft
Distillers' Secu ... 300 21% 20 21U
General Electric .. 1.000 160% 158% 160%
Internat Paper ... 2,700 13% 13 13%
Internet Paper pfd 60.-
Internet Pump .". .. 300 32% 32% 32
Internat Pump pfd 200 75 75 ' 75
National Lead .... 1,400 24% 23% 23U
North American S~%
Pacific Mall 000 29 27% -27'/4
People's Gas 2.400 100 00% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 3,800 34 30% R3Vl
HreHsed S Car pfd. COO 74% 74 74%
Pullman Pal Car 221
Republic Steel 700 7% 7 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.300 43 42% 42%
Rubber Goods COO 17% 16'4 17
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2.700 39% 89 39%
I? S Leather 5,300 7% 7% IVi
IT S Leather pfd.. 2.700 83% 82 S3
V S Realty 800 «H 61 fi%
IT S Realty pfd ... 200 6S 5S 5SVi
V S Rubber C00 17% 17% 17
IT R Rubber pfd... l.fiOO 63% 68% 6»%
V, S Steel 23,600 Ilv5 11% H^
K S Steel pfd 73.000 Cl% 60%. 00%
WMttnghou*,. Elcc. 700 159 16S% 158%
Weitern Union ... 300 8714 87% S«*4
Total sales ...834,200
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK July 13.— Bond transaction* of
the United Railroads of San Francisco were
*40,000 at $80 50. ?40,000 at 380 37% and
$18,000 at $80 75. • '
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Common bid 4>4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
41%. asked 41 %.
NEW TORK BONDS.
July 6 92%
September ... 7 10 7 15 7 05 7 07i a
December 7 12^ 7 1214 7 10 7 12>(,
Short, Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 50 7 55 7 45 7 47%
Repte'mber 7 72H: 7 75 7 C5 7 75
October 7 77% 7 80 7 72% 7 75
July 12 85
September 13 10 13 17Ti 13 00 13 10
December 13 17V4 13 17*4 13 07% 13 12%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
CHICAGO, July 13.— Nearly everything In
the way of news to-day 'tended to Induce
strength in wheat prices. Doubt has entered
the minds of traders as to whether the size
of the crop will permit any surplus export.
Orders from the Northwest and Southwest were
abundant and crop reports came from all over
fha winter wheat district. September- was a
ebado lower to %c at 8«»ic to 8(i%c, and sold
up to 87%c. Foreign advices were bullish. A
gain of 3c a bushel in July wheat at Duluth,
under strong demand from millers* In the
East, was the most potent of the late In
fluences, causing an advance of 2%c in that
option here and corresponding strength in the
other deliveries. Reports of general rain
throughout the Northwest were 'current, the
downfall In the Red Itiver Valley, where the
ground was already soaked, being mentioned
a* especially heavy. Final trades were at
60T4@87c.
The corn market acted independently of the
fine weathet and ruled strong on small re
ceipts and reports of- serious crop damage,
the latter being estimated In some instances
at from 20 to 25 per cent. SeDtember corn
was a 6hade to %c higher at the start at
4S«Jc to 48%<848%c and sold. up to 49%®19%c,
closing firm at AQV-c.
The oats market was fairly active and strong.
September opened a shade lower at 31*4 c and
touched 32%e. The advance was well main
tained, the close being but a fraction under
the ton at 32
Wholly at sea as to the outcome of the strike
at the stock yards, there was a disposition
among provision traders to reduce lines: In spite
of large offerings, however, there was a bullish
tendency generally and holders were. able to
sell out at firm prices. Quotations were higher
at the yards and helped the sentiment in the
provision pit. September pork closed 10c high
er, lard was unchanged and ribs gained 2%c
at the close .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
July, old 0G% 05% 93 05%
July, new W 94 % 92*4 04%
September, old. 87% 8S% 87% 88%
September, new 88% 67% 8ti 87
Corn, No. 2 — . -»
July 4S% 40% 4S% 49%
September ..... S8% 49% 48% 49%
December ...... 44?£ 45%. 44% 45>,i
Oats, No. 2*—
July 39 30% 38% 30%
September 31!* 32% 31% 32H
December 32% 33% 32% 3o%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
Future Grain and Provisions.
20 p«r cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off aail
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations. .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Wool Bags and Fleer* Twine show
some change. Grain B*ga. 5%c; gan Quentln. v
$5 40; Wool Bags. 3O©S2c; Fleece Twine. 7%c;
Fruit Bags. 6%©7%c for white and 7o for
brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington. %9 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $4 50; Beaver
Hill. ?5 60; Stanford. (7; Roalyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 60; Greta. $7; Wa!lt**nd, $7: Richmond,
17 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $11 25 la
I sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;- Walsh Lump.
I $11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50913
(per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks;- Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 rbs and
,. $12 8O per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
: add 5c; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
' 62c for raw; Castor Oil. In eases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 4So
I for bol'.ed and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases.
; t>2%f»S0c per gallon', Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
' KSe for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra.
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural, winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
¦ Oil 07c; natural Whale Oil. 82c: extra winter
, strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Olt. 65c;
pure NeaUfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 NeatsXoot Oil.
Kte; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. :54c : boiled Fish Oil. 37e; raw
Fish Oil S5c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
OU. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In btHk.
13c: Pearl Oil. in cases. lA%c; Astral, VMic;
Star. 19V»c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. "2t$c;
Eocene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk, 16c; In cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. 19%e; 8S-d«gree Gasoline, la
bulk, 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels. >
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead 7V%&
7*;c per Ib; 'White Lead. 7}»tf7\c. according
to quantity. " . . , - •
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. CC3e;
Powdered. 5.00c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c; Dry
. Granulated, fine. 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.80c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c; Beet Gram»
[ lated (100- lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia A 5.40c; Extra C. 5.30c;
Golden C. 6.2Oc; "D." '5.10c; barrels. lOe more;
half barrel*. 25c more; boxes, 50c tr.or*?; «>-U»
bags. 10c more for all kln<1«. Tablets — Haif
barrels, 6.80c; boxes 6.55c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos, 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. -
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY IS. . .
Flour, qr iks -. 23,1SO| Middlings, sks. . i I*
Wheat, ctls ... 720 Wine, gala B0.7»'»rt
Barley, ctls .... 1.130 Paper: rolls *?*
O&ta. etls WO | Leather, rolls .. 3T3
Tallow, ctls .... 211! Pelts. bdl» .... 210 \
Chicory, bbls .. 40[ Hides No. 340 '
Lime, bbls .... 276|ffay. tons 099
Potatoes, sks .. !.Ht:s straw, tons .... ' 25
Onions sks ... 1381 Wool, bales .... 20O
Bran, sks S33<
' OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.5321 Middlings, sks.. 3.12O
Oats, ctls 5.1321 Feed «ks 523
Bran, ska 2,556|Wool. bales .... £&1A»
• Iron was unchanged at ' 51» 9d In Glasgow,
while Mlddlesboro closed at 42s f>d. Locally
iron was quii-t. - No. 1 foundry. Northern. Is
quoted at $14 50&15; No. 2 foundry. Northern,
$13 75©14 25; No. 1 foundry, Southern, and No,
1 foundry, Southern, soft, $13 25<gl8 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
ing at £22 in London and -at $4 85@4 95 In
New York. ' ' - •
as will be seen, and the market was unques
tionably top-heavy and depressed.- with- exces
sive stocks. The Eastern market, however, was
firmer. This Eastern Butter now coming In Is
very fine, as already mentioned, and when cut
up into squares with California brands sells
right along side by side with first-class State
goods.
Cheese is quieter and Is not as Arm as It has
been of late. Prices show no change.
The firmness In Eggs continues and the quo
tations for ranch are obtained without diffi
culty. A few sales a fraction above 27%c
were reported yesterday. Receipts are gradu
ally decreasing. . There is not much business in
store Eggs nowadays, and they do not cut the
figure that they used to. as but few come in.
It Is believed that the Increase In the popula
tion of the interior towns | has led to a larger
consumption of these store Eggs, so but few
find their way to this city.
Receipts were 144,800 lbs Butter.' 14S5 cases
Kpcs and 0300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 21®22o
for extras and 2Uc for firsts; dairy. 17620-1 ;
store Butter, 14$J16c; Eastern creamery, 19%{?
20c; Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15%c per 1b.
CHEESE — 0@9%c for choice mild new and
8Q8%c for lower grades; Young America*, 10®
lOVic: Eastern. lC"915e; Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 24@27%c for fair to choice;
¦tore. 19&22e; Eastern. 20@22%c for firsts and
17©19e for seconds.
¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
Continued on V*ze ' Fourteen.
. The , weakness In. Butter was pronounced yes
terday and the market appeared on the verge
of a decline. In fact some houses did give
lower quotations, and It was reported - that - at
least one ¦ had - sent out. cards offering Its beat
creameries , at; 2lc. ¦ Per contra, others quoted
previous r prices. • Receipts • were ¦ heavy : again.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEWTORK, July 13.— Tha London tin mar
ket ruled very strong, advancing over a pound
In both spot and futures, which closed at
£119. 16a and £120 respectively. The advance
was said to be largely due to speculative con
ditions, but affected the local market, which
closed Hrm at $26 2M720 SO.
Copper also shewed firmness, with London a
shade higher at £57, fts for spot and £37 2s 6d
for futures. Localfy prices remained un
changed, with lake quoted at $12 62%<3i2 87%
electrolytic, $12 5O#12 75; casting, $12'25@12 50
Lead was unchanged at $4 25 in New Tork
and at £11, 0s 6d In London. '
, Spelter, was unchanged in both markets, cloa-
Neiu York Metal Market.
WHEAT— The Liverpool market was weak
and the Paria market firm. Chicago advanced
VAc to 87%c and fell back to 87. The latter
market continued under the : influence of ¦> the
weather. Private meteages reported heavy
rains < In tlic Red - River Valley, and Kansas
reports came in very bullish on Wheat and
Oats, ¦ accompanied by buying 1 orders. ¦- .
The private wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co.
said:: "Market Is still oversold In the July op
tion, cash* wheat still at large premiums and
enough holders of Jujy evidently willing- to
stand pat to give the shorts ' difficulty In cov
ering. The market ¦ was again active for t}i»
futures. . -The > advices ¦¦ of tha day only " serve
to confirm and to some extent enlarge ' upon
Wheat and Other Grains.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe, without seeing Par
is.' It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and Is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. "Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pin' ¦ -i". •
To Visit San Francisco
Frederick Strubel, aged 1 5 years,
whose parents reside at 502 Geary
street, died yesterday morning at the
Clara Barton Hospital of a wound in
the groin caused by the accidental dis
charge of a shotgun while hunting
July 3.
Dies of His Wound.
Olaf Hansen, a sailor, was convict
ed yesterday of petty larceny. He will
be sentenced Tuesday. He stole a sil
ver watch, pipe and leather purse
from William O'Keefe while they were
drinking* 1 in a saloon on California
street on April 24.
Convicted of Petty Laceny.
The Civil Service Commission asked
for a history of the case and the Po
lice Commission submitted from the
police records that Dolan had been ar
rested in 1890 for assaulting an old
man, but the case was dismissed on
motion of the District Attorney.
Dolan was tried on a charge of per
jury growing out of the assault case,
but he was acquitted of the charge by
a Jury. The Civil Service Commission
notified the Police Commission that in
the face of the record it could not ap
prove of the refusal to appoint Dolan.
The Police Commission accepted the
dictum of the Civil Service Commis
sion and appointed -Dolaa. ,
The' appointment of M. J. Dolan as
patrolman by the Police Commission
was made last Tuesday night because
the Civil' Service Commission Insisted
that it should be made. The Police
Commission had at first refused to ac
cept Dolan from the eligible list on
the ground that he had been in some
trouble fourteen years ago.
Civil Service Board Finds Charges
Against Eligible Are Not Sns
"tained by Police Record.
INSISTS OS APPOINTMENT
OF DOLAN AS PATROLMAN
When the carpenters, builders and decorators
have finished the work which they are now do-
Ing at Boos Bros.' Kearny-street store this es
tablishment will no doubt be^ne of the most
magnificent stores In the country. During the
progress of these alterations and . remodeling
Roos Bros, are having a great alteration sale —
the price concessions and inducements of which
make it well worth attending. •
A Magnificent Store.
Branch No. 7 (juniors) — Chairman, J. A.
McDonald; vice chairman,, George Rudolph;
guide, F. McKeon; guardian, Frank O'Brien;
sergeant at arms. Chris HUller.
The following officers have been elected by
organized labor unions:
United Garment Workers' Union — President,
Willis Potter; vice president, Rose Brady; re
cording secretary, Anna Burkhardt; financial
secretary and business agent, Sarah Hagan;
treasurer, Nellie Filben; sergeant at arms,
Frank Rossi: guide, • Hattie Rooney; finance
committee — Mrs. Bonner, Mrs. Koehl and
Joseph Smith; trustees— Winnie Nott, Emma
•Oakcs and Frank Rossi; executive board —
Rose Brady, Katie Bresnahan, Mrs. Bonner,
Annie Hasan, Mrs. KoeJl, Winnie Nott and
Margaret O'Brien: delegates to Labor Council —
Anna 1 Burkhardt, Rose Brady. Katie Bresna
han, Sarah Hasan, Mrs. Johnston, Mrs. Koehl.
Winnie Nott and Margaret O"BrIen; delegate
to national convention. Sarah Hagan.
Pile Drivers', Bridge and Structural Iron
Workers'- Union— President. J. P. Jones; first
vice president, N. H. Burnham; second vice
president, William Willie; recording secretary.
J. V. Beck; assistant secretary. E. A. Con
roy; financial. secretary. T. J. Denhey; assist
ant financial secretary, G. W. Mairuire; treas
urer. G. L. Monahan; conductor. William Mc-
Henry; warden, J. Franklin; sergeant at arms,
E. A. Conroy; assistant pergeant at arms, J.
M. Varley; trustee. A. B. McCaw; auditing
committee — G. W. Magulre. William McHenry
and H. A." McDonald: delegates to City Front
Federation — J. P, Jones. T. J. Dehaney and
G. -L,. .Monahan: delegates to District Council
of Bridge, and Structural Iron Workers — J. V.
Beck/ J. P. 'Jones, i Mr. Wrenn. N. H. Burn
ham and T. J. Dehaney: alternates — William
McHenry, William Gelbel, Charles Curran, E.
A. Conroy and T. F. Roberts; delegates to
Labor Council — F. Horsman, G. W. Magulre
and D. Rowell. "-, ¦
Butchers' '-Union No. 115 (sausage makers) —
Chairman. John Funk: vice chairman. Charles
Elckhorn; guide, William Fauser: guardian,
J. Schaber: sergeant . at arms, Charles Dln
lnger; delegate to joint executive board. Otto
Hasenpush. The , following are the officers for
Branch No.: 7 (Juniors)— Chairman. J. A. Mc-
Donald: vice chairman, George Rudolph: guide.
F. McKeon; guardian. Frank O'Brien; sergeant
at arms Chris Hlllers. Branch No. 4 (cattle
butchers) has. elected the following officers:
Chairman. Gus Alden; vice .chairman, Harry
Relchstetter; guide, William W. Smith; guar
dian. Fred Volz; sergeant .at arms, Charles
Reichstetter;. delegate to Joint executive board.
Charles Westphal.
: The Cooks' Association of the Pacific— Past
president F. C. Smith: president, M. L. Gross
man; vice president, William Schneider: treas
urer, Paul Massa; secretary. James Andreasen;
financial secretary. Louis Reynolds; directors —
Fred Dueprey, Louis Fouralgnler. Rudolph
Guyer. Thomas Jloran. Albert Rauch, Armand
ficUut b and Rudolph Walden.
Branch No; 4, cattle butchers — Chairman,
Gus Alden; vice chairman, Harry Relch-
Btetter; guide. William W. Smith; guardian,
1'Yed Vols: sergeant at arms, Charles Ileitetter;
delegate to Joint executive board, Charles
Westplial.
Sausage-makers — Chairman, John Funk;
vice chairman, Charles Elchhorn; guide. Wil
liam Fauser; guardian, J. Bchaber; sergeant
at arms. Charles Dlnlger; delegate to executive
board. Otto Hasen^ush.
The Butchers' Union and other or
ganizations affiliated with it elected
officers yesterday evening. The men
were notified not to patronize non
union hackmen under penalty of a
heavy fine. Contributions were made
as follows: To locked-out butchers of
Oakland, $37; to locked-out stablemen,
$10. The officers elected are:
MEN OF BUTCHER TRADE
HOLD THEIR ELECTIONS
' Grass ecythes, scythe stones, shovels • swamp
hooks and wheelbarrows at $3 88 and $2 63 and
planter's hoes at 35V4c to Joseph SIoss; Iron
caldrons at $18 90, stovepipe elbows at 8e,
box stoves at $4 45, $6 95 and $7 95, all to John
C. Schleck; iron caldrons at $50; Dutch ovens
at 45c and $1 15, stove polish at 45c, box
stoves at $5, cooking stoves at $18, $25, $22.
$15, $17 50 and $20. and also heating
stoves at $7 and $24, and coal stoves at $25,
to John F. Merrill ; coal hods at 23c to An
drew Carrlgan; stovepipe elbows, 8c, to Joseph
Bloss; also to SIobs, stovepipes at 9^c and
12c; furnaces for ninety-gallon portable cal
drons, John C. Schieck, $36 95; heating stoves
at $9 90, $13 and $13 50 to Alonzo A. Watkins.
Indian Commissioner Jones yester
day announced additional awards of
contracts for supplying the Indians for
one year. Agricultural implements,
stoves, etc., were the classes in which
conclusions were finally reached. The
parties getting the contracts and the
prices at . which they were awarded
were as follows:
Posthole augers. Andrew Carrlfjan, 47c; axle
Rrcas«, Joseph SIoss. 4O*4c; grain bass, Fred
B. Dallam, 21c; hand corn planters, Wakefleld
Baker, 65c; hand corn shelters, . Wakefield
Baker, $8; grain cradles at $2 44, cultivators at
S2 95, two-horse cultivators at $27 40, all to
Wakefleld Baker; posthole diggers, Joseph SIoss,
56c; two-horse grain drills at $40 and feed cut
ters'at $7 to Wakefleld Baker; hay forks. An
drew Cardigan, $3 S3; manure forks at $6 90, ax
handles at $-, hayfork handles at $1 2U, pick
handles at $1 48, plow handles at $2 50 and
$2 95, shovel handles at $1 94, spade handles
at $2 IS and harrows at $11 50, all to Wake
fleld Baker; grub hoes, Andrew Carrlgan,
$3 03; corn knives, Joseph Sloss, $2 14; hay
knives at $4 96, lawn mowers at $2 10, mowing
machine at $38 and ten-horsepower threshing
machine at $495, all to Wakefleld Baker; ax
mattocks at $4 IS and picks at o4c to Joseph
SIoss; Dlows at $4 34, at $6. at $6 OS and
$7 5K> to • Wakefleld Baker; shovel plows at
$2 35, plow beams at fe9c. 04c, $1 04, $1 19.
$1 29 and $1 69 to Wakpfleld Baker; iron
pumps at $1 64 and $5 75 to Joseph Sloes;
hay rakes at $22 50 and $1 74 to Wakefleld
Baker; malleable rakes, Joseph Sloas, $1 SO;
grain scoops at 44c, road scrapers at
$4 95 and scythes at $4 43 and $4 80;
scythe snaths at $6 54. steel shovels at
36c, grain sickles at 12%c, steel spade* at 36c
and twine binder at 14c to Wakefleld Baker.
Commissioner Jones Makes ' Public
Awards in Agricultural Imple
ments and Stove Classes.
ADDITIONAL! CONTRACTS
FOR INDIAN SUPPLIES
"When the purse was handed to Sil
verstein upon his return to the hotel
he discovered his loss and accused the
Japanese servant of having extracted
the money. The matter was reported
to the police and Detective Wren was
detailed on the case. Stulz and K.
"Wanda, the Japanese servant, were
taken to the police station, but after
being questioned by Chief Wittman
were released, as Silverstein would not
swear out a warrant.
The general supposition Is that Sil
verstein dropoed his wallet while going
through the hall and that some of the
roomers found it, extracted the money
and placed the wallet, with the ticket,
under the mat. The money consisted of
$800 in $100 bills and $125 in smaller de
nominations.
Silverstein has delayed his departure
for Germany and In the meantime the
police are working on "the case. Sil
verstein formerly conducted an adver
tising and loan business at 116 McAl
lister street.
John Silverstein, who has been resid
ing at the St. Paul House at 463 Ellis
street for the last four months, was
going to his old home in Germany yes
terday with $923 in his Inside pocket,
but when he went to the ferry to check
his trunk to New York he discovered
that his money was missing. He had
paid for his ticket on the steamer and
also for his transportation to New
York. The latter ticket he had with
him, but his steamer ticket was In* a
wallet which he had had in his inside
pocket when he got up in the morn
ing.
Just as SiLverstein discovered his loss
he was called to the telephone at the
ferry baggage room and notified that
his wallet had been found at the St.
Paul House. Highly elated, Silverstein
returned to the St. Paul, but when th«
wallet was given him he found that
his money was, gone.
. Silverstein a"rose early yesterday
morning and was considerably excited
over his contemplated trip. He packed
his trunk hurriedly and was anxious
for the expressman to come and take
it away. A short time after he left
the hotel "William Stiilz, who attends
to the elevator during the night, found
a wallet under the front door mat
?while sweeping, and upon investigation
discovered Silversteln's ticket to Ger
many therein. Stulz knew that Sil
verstein was at the depot and at once
called him up on the telephone.
Just before the body of the man
who committed suicide in Golden
Gate Park Saturday afternoon was re
moved from the Morgue yesterday af
ternoon a^woman called and viewed
the remains, but would not give her
name or say that she recognized the
dead man. The visitor was recognized
as Carrie Dixon, the woman who fig
ured in the Nora Fuller case as the
friend of Charles B. Hadley, who was
suspected of having committed the
sensational murder more than two
years ago. The fact of the Dixon
woman's refusing to give her name or
say anything after she had viewed the
remains gave rise to the rumor that
8he had identified the remains of the
suicide as her former companion,
Hadley.
From a pawn ticket found in the
pocket of the dead man it Is supposed
his name was L. J. Hanley, but that
fact has not been established. The
suicide was a younger man than
Hadley and had light brown hair,
while the f ucitive has dark hair mixed
with gray. The body, has been turned
over to the city undertaker for
burial.
Carrie Dixon Visits Morgue Expecting
to Find Body of Xora Fuller's
Supposed Murderer.
UNKNOWN PARK SUICIDE
NOT CHARLES B. HADLEY
Suit for possession of various securi
ties valued at $63,950 and $10,000 dam
ages for the wrongful withholding
thereof was brought in the Superior
Court yesterday by Elizabeth G. Mes
ser through her attorneys, Samuel M.
Shortridge and Robert -B. McMillan.
The defendant is Thomas R. Hayes,
formerly manager for Main & Win
chester, and father of Charles E.
Hayes, deceased. The plaintiff alleges
that on March 24, 1903, the defendant,
without her consent, took possession of
the property in question and when she
demanded it from him on July 7 last
he refused to give it up.
These securities are alleged to have
been deeded by Charles E. Hayes, son
of the defendant, to Mrs. Messer short
ly prior to Hayes Jr.'s death, caused
by a fall from a buggy on March 23.
Young Hayes was riding with Mrs.
James O'Connell, daughter of Con
gressman Loud, through Golden Gate
Park at midnight. The vehicle was
overturned and Hayes was fatally in
jured.
Besides the property which Mrs. Mes
ser demands, she received $10,000 on an
insurance policy which young Hayes
had secured in her favor. She was to
have married him in September, 1903.
Mrs. Messer was formerly the wife of
Nat T. Messer, the stock broker.
The securities named are: Five hun
dred and twenty shares in the Port
land Cement Company, 800 Tonopah
Consolidated Mining Company, 1000 To
nopah Light and Power Company, 150,
100 shares of 1901 Oil Company and four
bonds of the Standard Portland Ce
ment Company, valued at $1000 each.
All these are alleged to have been
deeded to Mrs. Messer by the younger
Hayes as tokens of his affection for
her. The father of the unfortunate
young bon vlvant took possession of all
his son's effects. When Mrs. Messer
applied to him for the securities which
the son held in trust for her, Thomas
B. Hayes gave her some non-negotiable
bonds which were in her own name.
The securities demanded are said to
have been Inclosed in an envelope
which bore Mrs. Messer's name. These
were negotiable and Hayes refused to
turn them over.
Mrs. Messer says she waited until
July 7 of the present year, believing
that Hayes would ultimately deliver
the property. Then she made a per
emptory demand, which was refused,
and suit was instituted. Hayes is not
in town.
Hand Crushed Between Cars.
O. P. Stringer, a railroad yardmen,
had his right hand crushed yesterday
morning. He was In the act of coup
ling cars at the foot of Kentucky street
when he missed the hook. The buf
fers came together and caught him.
He was removed to the Railroad Hos
pital.
John Silverstein Is Minus
Nine Hundred Dolars as
He Leaves for Germany
PLAINTIFF IN SUIT FILED YES
TERDAY TO RECOVER A FOR
TUNE IN SECURITIES.
LOSES WALLET
AND BANKNOTES
As a last resort Miss Fisher applied
to the police and Mary Proctor was ar
rested on Tuesday. When Judge Con-
Ian heard the charges and saw photo
graphs of the babies — gaunt, hollow
eyed and more pitiful than pictures
from any famine country — he express
ed a regret that the maximum sentence
for such an inhuman offense was' only
six months in the County Jail.
The father, Charles Proctor, a strik
ing stableman, was sentenced yester
day by Judge Mogan to the same term
of imprisonment. The society will ap
ply for guardianship papers over the
three children. Already the little ones
are gaining flesh under the care of the
Associated Charities and wondering
how they came to fall Into such a par
adise. Dr. Howard thinks that there is
hope even for Gladys, now that she
will receive proper nourishment and
can see the sunshine occasionally.
The case was brought under the no
tice of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children
about a month ago. Secretary White
sent Dr. Howard-and Miss Lucy Fisher
to investigate. They found the elder
daughter, Gladys, almost in the last
stages of consumption and the other
two children naked, unkempt and un
dersized from the effects of slow star
vation.
Secretary White tried to awake any
spark of the maternal Instinct that
might be in Mrs. Mary Proctor, the
mother. He begged, pleaded and threat
ened, but to no avail. Miss Fisher
made daily visits to the hovel with
nourishment and medicines for the
babies for one entire month. All that
time the wretched mother was in vari
ous stages of intoxication.
"Let her alone," she often remarked
of her eldest child, Gladys; "she's got
consumption and she'll die anyhow."
For some weeks Miss Fisher tried to
bring back to the creature some realiz
ation of a mother's duties, but drink
had made her less responsible than an
animal.
More brutal than pages of Zola and
more touching than any Dickens story
of neglected children is the history of
the three little Proctors, Gladys, aged
6; Edith, aged 4, and Georgie, aged 22
months. For two years they have been
cooped in a wretched hovel at 260 Ship
ley street, starved, neglected and for
days entirely forgotten by their be
sotted parents.
Sometimes neighbors, who scarcely
eked out an existence themselves,
would carry food to the babies, some
times the irresponsible parents would
be sober for a few days and the little
ones would be given a few morsels of
stale bread soaked in water, but often
they would cry themselves to sleep
with gaunt hunger gnawing at their
vitals.
Mrs. Proctor Says of Child:
"Let Her Die, There Is No
Chance for Her Anyhow"
MOTHER INSTINCT DEAD
Neglect of Drunken Parents
Makes Little Children
Look Gaunt as Skeletons
BABES SELDOM
SEE DAYLIGHT
JUSTICE TAKES
QUICKER STEPS
WIRELESS WAR
IS DECLARED
Mrs. Nat Messer Sues Father of Man Who * Was Killed
While on Midnight Drive With Mrs. James O'Connell
for Property Given Her by the Son, Which Is Withheld
SHE WANTS SECURITIES
GIVEN HER BY HAYES
Decisions Are Being Handed
i)own.at a Kapid Rate by
the State Supreme Court
Commanders of Belligerent
Forces Select This City
for Their Headquarters
CLERKS WORK OVERTIME
PUBLIC GIVES "SINEWS"
Plan Is Formed to Eelieve
Situation by Establishing
an Additional Tribunal
2s T aral Authorities and the
> feather Bureau Are to
Share Their Official Secrets
It is an assured fact that the Su
preme Court has been inoculated with
the germ of industry. The rate at
which decisions are beingr ground out
of the interior offices on the top floor
of the Parrott building is # a marvel to
Jurists. Last year the court was six
months behind; this year it is two
months behind. There has been noth
ing like it in California Jurisprudence
in the last decade.
If this celerity is maintained liti
gants may yet live to see final decisions
in cases that they themselves have
instituted. Heretofore men have gen
erally had to leave their litigation as
a legacy to heirs, who have in turn
helped the struggling legal fraternity
to keep, its feet and passed on.
The law says that decisions must be
rendered within ninety days of the
time the cases are submitted or the
Justices cannot collect their salaries
of $500 a month each. For years the
jurists have been collecting their Janu
ary pay in August and when they re
tired they had money coming until
they could get a case.
But there has been an innovation.
The decisions come down so fast that
the secretaries can only take short va
cations and there is enough work in
the clerk's office to keep the deputies
working overtime.
In seme of the Eastern States liti
gation can be commenced in the Supe
rior Court and ended in the Supreme
Court within a few months. A civil
case in this State often lasts three
years. The Supreme Court, however,
has an unusually heavy July calendar
and the secretaries fear that there will
be further arrears in salaries by Sep
tember.
The solution of the difficulty is the
establishment of an appellate court and
the people of the State will be called
upon to sanction this proposed new
tribunal next year, it Is said.
ANOTHER HOLDER OF
MONTGOMERY-AVENUE BONDS
A wireless telegraphy war is about
to be Inaugurated between two depart
ments of the Government. San Fran
cisco is to b« the headquarters of the
commanders of the rival forces. The
combatants will be armed with masts,
batteries, codes and electricity. The
costs of the conflict will be defrayed by
the taxpayers of the United States.
The public cannot expect to have either
Eide acknowledge defeat until the
"sinews" are exhausted. There will
be a boom in the copper, zinc and acid
?llnes of business while the struggle is
,on. The atmosphere on this part of the
coast "will be so full of electricity be
fore it is all over that the manufactur
<ers of medical belts will have to close
: <lown.
Professor McAdie of the Weather Bu
reau watched the wireless telegraphy
•experiments of the military authorities
at their stations on Alcatraz and at
the Presidio and decided that he could
do better himself. He secured an ap
propriation and installed a system be
tween Point Reyes and the Farallones.
The experiment met with success and
Secretary Wilson of the Department of
Agriculture was highly elated. Mc-
Adie received numerous congratulatory
telegrams and when he asked for an
cther appropriation his request was
jgranled. At present he Is working
Jiard en the system and is making
much progress.
The navy had had a mast on Goat
Island and another at Point Bonita,
but after many months of labor the
only means of communication was by
mail. Then McAdie's success was an
nounced and the Navy Department se
cured an appropriation for the estab
lishment of a station on the Farallones.
Since then the Goat Island station has
proved effective in communicating with
chips at sea,
The navy uses the Slaby-Arco system,
which is the method approved by the
German Government. The Weather
Bureau system is similar to that em
ployed by Marconi. Both departments
Tvill soon be sending wireless messages
to and from the Farallones and all
kinds of official secrets will be made
known. The Weather Bureau will know
•when the Pacific squadron gets its or
<lers to attack the Afghanistan navy
and Admiral Dewey will discover in
January "what the prospects of rain
may be for the Farallones in June.
Unimaginable complications may fol
low.
Max Frank Follows Union Trust Com-
pany in Salt Against the State
for Payment.
Another suit, identical with the one
filed a few days ago by the Union
Trust Company, was commenced yes
terday against' the State of California
for payment of principal and interest
on Montgomery-avenue bonds.
The action is brought by Max Frank,
through his attorney, J. M. Rothchild,
and Holladay & Holladay, attorneys for
the trust company, are of counsel for
the plaintiff.
Frank sets forth that he owns sixty
five of the unredeemed securities, the
face value of which is $65,000, and he
demands accrued interest in the sum
of $89,250 up to January 1. 1903, when
the bonds matured, and further inter
est at 7 per cent from the dated of ma
turity until now.
First clearance sale in 22 years. Crock
ery, glassware, lamp fixtures. H. O. Wle
doro Co., 4th and Mission sts. *
Huffs Will Is Contested.
Alice Maud Huff, sister of Harry S.
Huff, -who died January 19 last, yes
terday filed a contest to his will, which
was admitted to probate on January
21. Revilo S. Huff, a brother, was
named in the will as executor and sole
legatee. Another brother, Charles C.
Huff, is an heir at law. .
The sister contends that at the time
of making his will, September 17,
1903, Harry Huff was weak in mind
and body and subject to the influence
of his brother. She further declares
that he did not sign the will in ques
tion. . The estate is worth only $1597
end the chief asset is an ark of five
rooms in San Francisco Bay, worth
$1000.
Harry Huff was once a Chinese in
terpreter in the Federal Court and it
vas supposed that his accumulated
•wealth was much greater than the sum
set forth in the inventory of his estate.
, Some women sweeten their tea with
gossip instead of sugar.
The Point Richmond Land and
Canal Company yesterday filed articles
of incorporation with the County Clerk
end announced its purpose to buy 400
acres of land at Point Richmond, In
Contra Costa County, and subdivide
and sell it. The capital stock Is
3500.000. of which $5000 has been
eubscribed by the directors — Fred
Iteichert. Azro X. Lewis, H. B. Mayo,
H. "W. TVernse and H. C. Cutting.
Land Company Incorporates.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine Eye «.tem
rdy. Cures pink eye and all inflamed
conditions. •
New Contractor to Do Work.
The Board of Public Works decided
yesterday that certain repairs to bi
tuminous and asphalt pavements left
over from the last fiscal year will be
done by F. M. Torke, the new firm
which secured the contract There Is
work left which will take three
months and the board is of the opin
ion that as Yorke's bid was much less
than the price under the old contract
that it will be advisable to let him do
the work, since a considerable sum
will be Saved thereby to property
owners who must pay for side sewer
repairs.
Swell booklets are & habit with Edward
Knowlet Company, printers, 24 Second »t. •
Insolvent Plumber.
J. M. Thomas, plumber, Oakland,
filed a petition In insolvency yester
day in the United States District Court.
He owes $7065 and has $3137 assets.
His principal creditors are George Tay
& Co.; $6116, and Crane & Co., $882.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1904.
16
HA.uE'S. .."....I ; HAXZ>S !
Sweetser-Pembrook Sale
— A j ¥ T ~"~j • I Strengthened to-day by many new
At 113.16 S opportunities. We couldn't tell you all
; ! the good news at once. We haven't
told all the good news yet. Another batch to-day.
The SALE OF ENAMELWARE still continues downstairs:
" 17-qt. dish PAHS AT 59c, worth 79c; 25c MU.X FANS AT ISc— Just sam-
ple items.
And if you need BEDDINGS or will need them soon it's time
to buy now. 81x90 SHEETS AT 55c; and' Bleached Cases at lie, size 45x
33. regular 15c quality. Comforts and Spreads and Blankets corresponding-
ly low-priced. Scores of Bedding opportunities, such as likely won't come
75c Silk Gloves at 50c
Direct From Sweetser-Pembrook Sale to Hale's —
960 pairs, practically just from the maker's hands — New styles
in fine, almost transparent silk, with double-tipped fingers. A 2-clasp clove.
in black or white, sizes SH to 8. From the Sweetser-Pembrook auction
sale, so we can sell them at 50c Instead of 75c a pair. TBEY'BB OJT A
BAK&AIH TABLE TO-DAT.
And with them some 75c TAFFETA GLOVES AT 50c pr* —
Black only, sties 5% to 8%. perfect fitting. 360 pairs, out for the first
time to-day. 50c Instead of 7Bc
Some 35c LISLE GLOVES AT 35c pr. — Black only, 2-dasp,
sizes 6 to 8%. __£
Jackets— Raglans Doll Extra— 95c
Tzvo Interesting Paragraphs For a Regular $1.50 Kestner
To-Day. Doll,
Both cram full of interest, jast as 9 dozen Dolls — the record of
haTfTT/ 8 though we had taken our last week ' s saIes -
c«_. 7it\u *..¦ . And we've planned an even better
borne ol the prettiest styles and one this week; a better doll, a better
most attractive values we have had value- * or ' t>9 a full- jointed Kestner.
papier mache unbreakable body, wood-
The Jacket «s re re &ular half- en arms and legs, moving wrists, fine
uawi » v " length tailored bisque head, with sleeping eyes and
coats of covert cloth Manv of real eyelashes, a beautiful head of
them cnllnriA«« an< * ¦»,<?», Ci. curly hair and a Jolly laugh. Yes. and
b T S0 T r ha " e ir -- wMss^i^l^^
f s e h t8 e ff ect h s e TZaZSZSF- ££ S ffiS ™J™ that d ,"?r tn T th ?
of them are tan: the pretty new sage [ act t] ? at the store that buys biggest
shade is here. too. Come and see them ° UV9 best - $il ne , doze ? do l ls w ? nt
to-day, second floor. 53.95 to $12.75. Iast week. \v e haven t quite nine
?w,- , . . _ ... dozen of these, so come as soon 33
The Raglans £J O 7£;.^£ you can . q 5 c instead of $i. S o.
are those long coats, back again this T3*.~,.*,. ~*.J n,,~TU*. .'«.
summer in the great favor they deserve. Beauty and Quality in
Xew broad shoulders, belts, and trim- Thpcp Rinrtr frnnHc
med with \ fancy buttons or pipings. , » nese DIBCK UOOUS
We haven't seen more swell coats in More beauty yet when you see
San Francisco: $7.50. up to 922.50; sec- the prices we'll sell them for. It
ond floor cloak store. you are interested in dress goods at
__. ~*mr a^ you w^* k e interested in Hale's
50c Eatlst*. 37 in.. 35*.
W /^* /<a^ i *^J5i«**' 65c Etaminp. 43 lr... 40c.
Jgff **5-<£r ~^y^ 75 c Voile. 45 in.. 50c.
•*^ "Wi^ffl*O GOOt>»*r* r $1.00 Voile. 60 in.. 65c.
., . . c^_ . „ _. . $1.25 Nub, 56 In.. 75c
Market Street, Near Sixth. $1.25 Xubl 48 in.. 75c
AS? EBTISEMENTS.
BSI^JB & El \bKS99i^D
! 39 STOCKTON STBEET.
Telephone Kala 5632.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY & SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square-.. 35c
Better tl»an ever.
EASTERN EGGS, per dozen 22#c
¦ Select stock Just arrived.
Lowney's Breakfast Cocoa, per can..20c
Beg. 25e. Try this brand for * change.
YELLOW SPLIT PEAS, per Ib 5c
Reg. 6c. The genuine Cleveland.
SMOKED SARDINES IN OIL
per can 10c, per doz $1- 10
Reg. I2^c: per doz. $1.40.
Imported from Norway.
Sugar-Cured Eastern Hams, per Ib. . 14c
Reg. 16c. The celebrated Ideal brand.
Extra Assorted Biscuits, per carton. 20c
Reg. 25c. Fresh ar.d crisp, of course.
Van Camp's Soups and Pork and
Beans 3 cans for 25c. per doz 90c
Reg. 10c per can; per doz. $1.10.
KIPPERED HERRING, per can .... 20c
Reg. 2Se. An English breakfast delicacy.
JELLO. 3 pkgs for .25c
Reg. 10c. pkg. AH flavors.
JELL Y GLASSES, per dozen 30c
Res. S5c.
Family Bourbon, .per bot 60c. gal $2.50
Reg. 75c: per gal. $3.
An excellent whisky for the- money.
FINE OLD RYE. .per bot 75c. gal $300
Reg. U: gal. $4.
A whisky for yotxr sideboard.
NAGLEE BRANDY, per bot $1.15
Reg. $1.50. Twenty-flve years old.
SWEET WINES.... per bot 25c. gal $1.00
Reg. C5c; gal. $1. 50.
Port. Sherry. Angelica and Muscatel.
CLARET, per gal 40c
Reg. 50c. A light, refreshing beverage
City and country order* solicited. Ask
for new catalogue.
A SOCIETY MAN
Must wear fine linen In his dress suit nr
for evening wear generally. Fine linen
don't last long, unless It Is carefully
handled. We not only treat your shirts,
collars and cuffs tenderly in the launder-
in?:, but we give them a color and finish
that Is fully equal to the new article.
When you want artistic laundry work
brins your collars, cuffs and shirts to
the United States Laundry.
So saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABIET STBEET.
\ Telephone South 420.
4 CrJ Perfect Fitting (f.^ {
J x v y i
i<£> Eyeglasses c£
J At Moderate Cost
V 642 41ARKE.TSX.
flBll PPlf Pft Prompt relUf. C*as» reao*«4.
NQ] r Y UP K Symptoms n«T«r r*?um. A«>b.
? " "" " ""¦ plet» »nd permanent eoastltn-
AND ACTIJU A tionil CURE . 9«k 6o rr«.
MO I filTlA Write »t one* for tt, to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N, Y.
That there are eleven houses a day being built in the §&§&
-jyigL . suburban districts and towns around San J|f JJ^
WrapF " Do VOU knOW that y° u w^ ta^ e an unfurnished house
vik J right now during our "Suburban Home
Kj|l Furnisher's Sale" we will furnish it for you for nothing? gM
Do VOU kHOW that the ere nce in rent between a fur- MJ$B
jsrm = nished and an unfurnished house is all the SW
payment required to furnish your own home? -¦ MfmW
i^l'H Do you know at * n suc^ a case y° ur cost °^ v i n ? JiitJia
hTIbsS remains the same, and therefore your : fni9V
ttwSr furniture has cost you absolutely nothing? . «lfA
Do yOU knOW that this is the wa y Apartment House
Vj See US I\OW. will surprise you to learn how easily it can B
I Us®. \
3 "THE CRBDIT HOUSE;" 233-235-237 POST STREET. W
4 "The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast" JB