CHEFU, July 27, 9 a. m. — A junk brrnqmg Chinese refugees from Port Arthur has just- arrived here.
The Chinese report that when they left Port Arthur on July 22 heavy fighting was proceeding on both land and
sea. They were unable to give any details. They report that the Japanese have heavily fortified Sanehimpo Hill.
The Russians at Port Arthur are expecting the arrival of the Vladivostok squadron to join the Port Arthur fleet.
JAPANESE ARE ATTACKING PORT ARTHUR
Democrats
Give Honor
to Taggart
Dies After
an Illness
of Months
Newchwang Is
Occupied by
Japanese.
Russian Force
May Retreat
to Mukden.
TACHEKIAO DEFEAT PUTS
THE ARMY OF KUROPATKIN
IN A HAZARDOUS POSITION
THOMAS TAGGART OF ETDIANA.
CHAIRMAN' OF THE DEMO
CRATIC NATION'AL. COMMITTEE.
WIRE FACTORY BURNED.
Torpedoes and Mines for the Baltic
Shnadron Are Destroyed.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.— Fire to
day destroyed the largest electric cable
wire factory in St. Petersburg with a
loss of about $1,250,000. A large quan
tity of cables and wires for the tor
pedoes and mines intended for the Bal
tic squadron were • destroyed.
War New Continued on Page 2.
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Continued on Pago 2, Column S.
Women were violated and taken into
slavery. The dispatch says that mas
sacres are expected In the Sandjok of
Bayazid and immediate help is called
Xpr.
LONDON. July 27.— The Daily Mail
publishes a dispatch from Tarus. Asia
Minor, saying that on July 13 the well
known Chief Chaikh Salan attacked
and destroyed the village of Ootchkil
issa. Twenty-five persons were killed
Including a priest and the servants at
tached to a convent.
Mrs. Keyes and her nineteen-year-old
daughter called at the police station
; and wanted to swear to a warrant lm
: mediately. They were referred to the
i Police Court. * -•
Keyes is about 60, years old and ap
pears to {be a man of education. He
will be charged this morning.
not arrived when they did he would
have broken in and killed her. She
wants him cut of the way, for she
fears for her life.
When arrested Keyes acted like a
crazy man, but before he reached the
station he had cooled down. He refused
to say anything about his troubles ex
cept that his affair was nobody's busi
ness. - .
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 26.— Rosemont,
the home of Judge Alton B. Parker, at
tracted few political visitors to-day.
All eyes were on New York. Including
those of the Presidential candidate,
who received several telegrams inform
ing him of the proceedings of the meet-
Ing of the National Democratic Com
mittee.. Judge Parker would not com
ment on the election of Thomas Tag
gart as chairman.
Preparations for the arrival of the
National Committee Work Occupies
Attention for the Day.
QUIET AT ROSEMONT.
Priest and Convent
Servants Among
the Slain.
LONDON, July — The Suez cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says it
is rumored that Japanese warships
have arrived hi the Red Sea hi quest
of the vessels of the Russian
teer fleet.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.— A
rumor is current here that General
Samsonoff was severe 1 - wounded dur
ing the fighting at Tatchekiao.
MASSACRE
IN AN ASIA
MINOR TOWS
ST. PETERSBURG. July 2«. —
Twelve torpedo-boats Intended for
Vladivostok were among the war ma
terials sent by train from St. Peters
burg during the past week, as well as
secret freight, probably consisting of
submarine vessels. Forty torpedo
boats will be sent by this avenue of
transportation to Vladivostok.
To-morrow night the Republicans In
the several Assembly districts of the
city will meet to organize district clubs
and name candidates to be voted. for
as delegates to the nominating conven
tions of the party. The primary elec
tion will take place one week from
next Tuesday. The number of voters
registered . for that election approxi
mates 51.000. There are Indications
that the Republicans will take a warm
interest in the selection of delegates.
In several of the Senatorial districts
of the State, Republican contests for
nomination are decidedly interesting.
According to all stories from San Joa
quln County the fight between F. E.
Dunlap and H. E. Muenter is close.
There are stories current that Dunlap
Is inclined to favor Bard for re-election
to the United States Senate and that
Muenter is claimed by the supporters
of Oxnard. The main fight, however,
is over local complications, hence the
choice of either for United States Sen
ator will not cut, a great figure in ths
The Bard forces won a substantial
victory in Ventura County yesterday
and Colonel D. T. Perkins will be nom
inated for the Assembly by the Repub
lican convention of that county next
Saturday. Leaders of the Bard cam
paign must win in Los Angeles and San
Diego In order to secure a "solid south'*
for their candidate. Reports come
from Los Angeles to the effect that
Frank P. Flint Is developing considera
ble strength in that county and ex
tending the sphere of his influence to
San Diego. Politicians assert that the
result of the Ventura primaries will
increase Bard's prestige in Los Ange
les. One of the leaders of the Oxnard
forces In Ventura yesterday was Judge
J. C. Daly, Third Deputy Attorney Gen
eral of California.
Contra Costa Re-nubl leans May Insist
on Belshaw's Nomination for
State Senate.
TIENTSIN, July 26. — A foreigner
who has arrived here from Mukden
describes conditions in the Russian
camps as deplorable. The troops, he
6ays, are badly supplied with pro
visions and the officers are indulging In
pleasurable pursuits.
CANDIDACY OF FLINT.
DUNLAP AND 3IUENTER
The screams of a frightened woman
and her children startled ahe neighbor
hood in the 2200 block on McAllister
street last evening. Samuel H. Keyes,
who caused the disturbance. Is now
held on the detinue book pending the
issuance of a warrant for threats
against life and disturbing the peace.
Keyes went to the house where his
wife lives and for more than an hour
roused the neighborhood in an en
deavor to break into the place. He
and his wife have been separated for
some time, but Keyes has persistently
followed her and tried to persuade her
to return to him.
While Keyes attempted to break
down the door Mrs. Keyes telephoned
for the police. Policeman Cleaver of
the Park station responded and placed
the man under arrest.
At the station Keyes said that his
wife alleged that he was Insane,
though to the officers his mind appear
ed sound. He denied that he had at
tempted to take her life, or had threat
ened her.
Mrs. Keyes said that she married
Keyes six years ago in the East. He
was at the head of a large department
store in Philadelphia. At the time of
the marriage, Keyes had eight chil
dren, his wife had three. Difficulties
arose. In March she took her children
and left for this city. She made her
residence at 2267 McAllister street.
Ke — s repeatedly wrote, pleading for a
reconciliation, but his pleas were un
availing.
Two weeks ago he resigned his posi
tion in the East and arrived in San
Francisco last Saturday. Every at
tempt to meet his wife proved fruitless
and he became desperate.
Mrs. Keyes feared that he would at
tempt her life, as he had intimated In
his letters. Last night he went to the
house In a frenzy and tried to break
down the door. The neighbors were
startled. For an hour he tried to
break Into the house, his wife and
children inside crouching with fear.
Mrs. Keyes believes that had the police
In January her eldest daughter. Miss
Emma Rutherford, was wedded to
Philip Kearney, the affair being one
of the smartest weddings of the year
in Gotham. "While the Astors were not
present, the Goelets. the Vanderbilts
the De Ruyters and many of the first
Knickerbocker families were guests.
And now the second daughter Is to
wed J. Langdon Ervlng of New York.
It was to assist at the marriage of this
daughter that the mother, though mor
tally III* crossed the ocean.
In 1ES3, almost without warning Mr
Rutherford passed away from an affec
tion of the heart. After a year and a
half of mourning the beautiful widow
astonished the Emart set by wedding
George Crocker, the young friend of her
departed spouse. The service was per
formed In St. Thomas Church. New
York, by Dr. John Wesley, In the pres
ence of many friends, it was noted,
however that Mr. and Mrs. Alexander
and Charles Crocker, though in the
East at the time, were not guests at
the wedding. The assumption was that
their absence stood for their disap
proval of the union, but It was after
ward announced that nothing more
than an Inopportune snowstorm pre
vented their attendance. The marriage
proved a success, and in 1836 Crocker
came Into possession of $3,000,000 that
had been bequeathed to him.
During the life of Mr. Rutherford the
family home at 1105 Bush street was
the scene of many brilliant entertain
?^2 tS w. W u re the bea uti£ul chatelaine
held high court among the chosen of
her set, amor.g whom were the Crock
ers.
Mrs. George Crocker was born in Ne
vada City, the eldest child of Mr. and
Mrs. Lewis J. Hanchette. Her child
hood was passed in San Jose, where
her father became a man of affairs.
At sixteen years of age the daughter
was entered in Laurel Hall, near San
Mateo. from v.hlch she was graduated
vith honors, manifesting at that time
the Eplendid mental equipment that
afterward distinguished her in society.
A gTea-t beauty, she soon became the
bel> of the Garden City, where she
tvas wooed and won by A. H. Ruther
ford, a prominent mining man. Of this
union three children were born, all of
whom survive the mother.
Former Philadelphian Acts
Like a Crazy Man, but
Denies He Intended Harm
CHEFU, July 27. — A Frenchman,
who has arrived from Port Arthur,
reports that the Japanese war vessels
before that port are In' bad condition
owing; to long service and lack of op
portunity for making repairs. Many
of tlie larger guns are all but out of
commission. The Vepairs to the Rus
sian fleet have been completed.
TELEPHONES FOR HELP
PARIS, July 27.— The Yinkow cor
respondent of the Matin says that the
Japanese troops entered Newchwantc
at 5 o'clock this morning and hauled
down the Russian commercial > flae.
which had been substituted for the
military standard on the residence "of
the Governor. The Japanese standard
was hoisted, the Chinese flag flying
from the neighboring buildings and
the custom-houses. The consular au
thorities had taken precautions to in
sure the safety of the European resi
dents. The Russians who 1 refused to
follow the retreat have been cut off.
The Japanese cavalrymen, the cor
respondent says, were supplied with
the most modern accouterments and
each man was furnished with a com
pass and field glass.
Competent authorities supposed that
a Japanese attack was out of the ques
tion on account of the large Russian
reinforcements arriving during the last
two weeks. The dispatch in conclusion
says that Japanese troops are still filing:
into Newchwang.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 26.—Al
though military men do not seem to
be alarmed at the situation In Southern
Manchuria, pointing out that the with
drawal of the Southern army from
Tatchekiao tends to concentrate Kuro
patkin's forces, thus giving him a
smaller front to defend, considerable
nervousness is manifested here by those
not in on the secrets of the Russian
commander in chief, especially as Gen
eral Kuropatkin himself points out the
danger threatening his line of com
munications to the north, owing to the
development of the Japanese advance
from ' Saimatsza toward Mukden. If
this column should be pushed home and
the Japanese cordon should at the same
time be tightened from the south and
east General Kuropatkin'a danger
would be easily conceivable. Conse
quently there is already talk of his
preparing to meet this danger by with
drawing to Mukden and there awaiting
further reinforcements.
War Bulletins.
JAPANESE GENERALS WHOSE COMBINED ARMIES COMPELLED THE RUS-^
8IAN RETREAT FROM TATCHEKIAO, AND BRITISH MINISTER TO JAPAN.
WHO IS INVESTIGATING THE SINKING OF THE KNIGHT COMMANDER.
Wife of Samuel H. Keyes Is
Terrified by His Strenu
ous Efforts to See Her
FRENZIED MAN
LANDS IN JAIL
At the bedside when Mrs. Crocker
died were her husband and three chil
dren, Miss Alice Rutherford, Mrs.
Philip Kearney and Alexander H.
Rutherford.
NEWPORT, R. I.. July 26.— Mrs.
George Crocker of New York and
6an Francisco died at the summer
home of the family here to-day after
a prolonged illness. The entire family
was present when the end came. The
funeral wi!! be held to-morrow.
Mrs. Crocker, before her marriage
twelve years ago to George Crocker, a
Jiew York banker, vras Mrs. Emma
Rutherford of San Francisco. Because
of ill health she sailed last February
for France, where an operation was
performed About a month ago her
condition became serious. She reached
N*»' York from Europe last Tuesday
and came to her pummer home here on
Friday. Her condition rapidly became
worse.
Mrs. George Crocker Passes
'Array in Nezcport. Surrounded
by Her Family:
MRS. GEOEOE CROCKER. WHO
HAS PASSEO AWAT AFTER A
FROI/JKGED ILLNESS.
The Democratic Club's re.ception to
the members of the Democratic Na
tional Committee to-night resolved It
self Into a love feast for Parker and
Davis and marked an informal open-
Ing of the local campaign. Charles
F. Murphy and Mayor McClellan sent
letters of regret.
John W. Kern placed Taggart in
nomination, speaking briefly about his
aUIlity and capacity as a Democratic
leader. No one else was named and
Taggart was declared the unanimous
choice of the committee. A delegation
was sent out after Taggart. who was
escorted to the committee-room. He
thanked the committee for the high
honor It had paid him.
Homer S. Cummings of Connecticut
then placed Urey Woodson in nomina
tion for secretary and C. S. Van Duzer
of Nevada named C. A. Walsh of Iowa.
The only rollcall of the session fol
lowed, Woodson receiving thirty-five
votes and Walsh twelve. Those who
voted for Walsh were Clayton. Ala
bama; Alartin. Arkansas: Tarpey. Cal
ifornia; Donnelly, Idaho; Peterson.
Minnesota; Williams, Mississippi; Bai
ley. Texas; three votes by proxy for
Montana. Wyoming and Porto Rico;
Van Duzer, Nevada; Tillman, South
Carolina; Kern, proxy for Washington,
and Lamb, proxy for New Mexico.
Van Duzer moved to make Wood
son's election unanimous and De Ford,
who had Walsh's proxy, withdrew his
name and said the selection of Wood
son was satisfactory to the members.
Sheehan suggested that the chair
man of the committee. In his discretion,
be authorized to appoint an executive
committee, to consist of not less than
five nor more than seven members and
a finance committee of not less than
three nor more than five members.
Senator Bailey said that there was a
possibility of carrying Colorado. Idaho,
Montana and Nevada and he believed
the executive committee ought to be
enlarged so as to include representa
tives of those States. Sheehan modified
his proposition so as to allow the chair
man of the national committee and the
executive committee to have the selec
tion of additional members, who would
have charge of the campaign In special
localities or States. The proposition
was adopted by the executive commit
tee.
Senator Bailey moved that the com
mittee proceed to a permanent organi
zation. Just at this time David B. Hill,
William F. Sheehan and August Bel
mont, all with proxies, entered the
committee-room. They had been in con
ference up to the last moment, but they
offered no objection to Bailey's motion.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The National
Democratic Committee met here to-day
and unanimously elected Thomas Tag
gart of Indiana chairman. Urey Wood
son of Kentucky was elected secretary
of the committee by a vote of S3 to 12,
the selection subsequently being made
unanimous. Edwin Sefton of the Dis
trict of Columbia was elected assistant
secretary. John I. Martin of Missouri
serjeant-at-arms and Samuel Donelson
of Tennessee assistant sergeant-at
arms.
M. F. Tarpey of California was elect
ed temporary chairman and Henry
Lehman temporary secretary at to
day's meeting.
Indiana Man Is Elected to the
Chairmanship of the Na
tional Committee. t
COVIXA. July 26.— "Walter "Wheeler, a
well-known Covina ranchman, was
killed by lightning yesterday near the
summit of Old Grayback, the highest
mountain in the San Bernardino range.
Wheeler devoted much of his time to
scientific study, and on Friday left here
with his cousin, George Grant, a Pasa
dena botanist, to climb the big moun
tain and there search for rare botanical
Epecimsns. There was an extremely
heavy thunderstorm in the mountains
late yesterday afternoon, the rain fall
ing as far down the valley as Riverside,
an almost unprecedented thing at this
season of the year.
Wheeler's death probably was direct
ly due to his having a large magnifying
glass, which was rimmed with a heavy
band of metaL He and Grant and their
guide, Charles Dodds of Crafton, had
been industriously climbing among the
rocks collecting flowers for botanical
studies when the guide cautioned the
botanists that the dead calm which had
settled upon the mountains and the in
termittent flashes of lightning presaged
a furious storm. As they hastened
down the mountain toward their camp
Wheeler was attracted by an especially
beautiful flower. Plucking it, he paused
for a moment to look at his find
through the magnifying glass, when
there suddenly occurred a blinding
flash and a terrific crash of thunder
shook the mountain. Some time later
a mountaineer named Carlson happened
along, discovering the three men pros
trate and apparently lifeless.
Wheeler's body was shockingly man
gled and partly incinerated. Carlson
soon ascertained that Grant and
Dodds, who were some distance in ad
vance of Wheeler, were still alive and
calling for help. He assisted in resus
citating them, after which he started
for Mentone. Riding hard all night, he
reached San Bernardino this morning
and notified the Coroner of that county,
who was at Redlands. Carlson set back
for the mountains with friends of
Wheeler, but after carrying the body
fcur miles on a horse they were forced
to cover by another fierce electrical
storm, which raged for hours, during
which a heavy cloudburst washed out
the trail, strewing the canyon through
which they had to pass with the body
high with debris. It was found neces
sary to prepare a litter of boughs, upon
which the body Is now being slowly
carried by four men down the moun
tain. They expect to convey it twenty
miles to the stage line, where a vehicle
will be In waiting. This afternoon the
party with the body was still twenty
miles from Redlands.
Special Dispatch to The Ce.ll.
VENTURA, July 25.— Senator Thomas
R. Bard was Indorsed by the Republi
cans of Ventura County at the primary
election held to-day, and at the county
convention on next Saturday D. T. Per
kins, Bard's candidate for the Assem
bly, will receive a. unanimous nomina
tion for the Legislature.
Bard's victory was accomplished only
after a hard fought campaign and a
primary election, that was as intense as
it was interesting. Only three or four
precincts in the county failed to develop
opposition to the Bard ticket, and in all
but these few the election was strenuous
from start to finish.
The result was a surprise to both par
ties. The Bard men were surprised at
the good showing made after the hard
fight put up by the Oxnard workers,
and the Oxnard men were surprised at
the few precincts they carried. Of the
ninety-three delegates which will make
up the convention Perkins will have
sixty-two and Major Driffill will have
thirty-one. The wide difference in the
number of delegates does not Indicate,
however, the closeness of the vote. The
Oxnard forces carried seven precincts
and part of another, and the Bard
forces the balance of the twenty-eight
precincts in the county.
In many of the precincts carried by
Bard the vote was close, the largest
ones giving the Perkins delegates only
bare majorities of from 4 to 16. The
smaller precincts, however, gave Per
kins a v vote i of three to one. The pre
cincts in the town of Oxnard gave
Driffill 11 votes without opposition. In
the other precincts carried by the Ox
nard men the vote was very close.
Both Bard and Oxnard voted in their
home precinct — Hueneme No. 1—Ox
nard casting his first vote in the coun
ty. That precinct, which had been con
ceded to the Oxnard forces, gave the
Bard candidate the delegation by a
small majority.
Senator Bard Is pleased and gratified
over his splendid indorsement by his
home county and feels that the people
have approved the stand he took re
garding his candidacy.
Oxnard is not downcast by the defeat
In his own county, but proposes to car
ry the war Into other sections of the
State. .
Special DlBDatch to The Call.
Metal Rimmed Magnifying Glass in
Hand of Victim Thought to Have
Attracted Electric Current
Oxnard Proposes to Carry the Great
Political Battle Into Other Dis
tricts of the State.
Senator Is Gratified Over
His Indorsement by
Home County.
Two Companions Rendered
Unconscious by the
Terrific Flash
Death Comes to Him
During Storm in
Mountains.
Carries the Primary
Alter a Lively
Campaign.
BARD WHS
THE FIGHT
IN VENTURA
LIGHTNING
BOLT KILLS
A RANCHMAN
TKS WEATHER.
Forecast made at Ban Fran
cisco for thirty noun ending at
mldnlffbt July 87. 19041
San Pranclsco and vicinity—
bloody Wednesday; fresh west
erly winds, with, tog.
A. O. XoASXB,
, District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
' \ TBB TSSATES8.
1 Alcazar — "Bup«rt of Heata*tt."
' calif oral*— "Jurt Struck Towa."
Central— "TH9 Gates of Justice.
i ColnmfcU — "Mice and Men."
- Chutes — Vaudeville.
Slacker 1 * — "A I.nofcy Stone."
Grand — "A gentleman of
Franco."
OrphBTiia — VatidonrtU*. Hatlnea
To-Day.
TiTOll— "Sobla Hood."
4
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 57.Two unknown Chinamen, armed
with revolvers, entered a restaurant
owned by Wing Soon Guey at 81 3*.^
Clay street late last night and robbed
the cash register of $105.
Restaurant Robbed by Chinese.
The Hargan Non-Reflllable Bottle
Company yesterday filed articles of
incorporation with a capital stock of
$500,000. The purpose of the concern
is stated to be to make and sell non
reflllable bottles and other glassware.
Eighty-five of the corporation's sharps
have been subscribed by the following
directors: William B. Hargan, A. L.
McDonald, W. S. Leake, A- J. Minor
and S. M. Gardner.
Bottles Can't Be Refllfe«L
WILL- ENTERTAIN THE
ARCHBISHOP IN SJTlLE
J. Plcrpont Morgan Leases Palatial
Residence in Boston for Head of
English Church-
BOSTON. July 26. — J. P. Morgan
has -leased the palatial residence of J.
Montgomery Sears for the purpose, it
is understood, of entertaining the
Archbishop of Canterbury during the
general convention of the Episcopal
church.
The Archbishop will sail from Eng*
land about September 1, coming by
way of Canada. He will be accom
panied by his wife and by his private
chaplain.
YOUNG WOMAN TRXES TO
SWINDLE MRS. ROOSEVELT
Pittsburg Charity Department Is In
vestigating an Attempt to Secure
Money by Fraud.
PITTSBURG. Pa., July •«. — An at
tempt to swindle Mrs. Roosevelt, wife
of the President, out of $5 is being
investigated by the Pittsburg Charity
Department The young woman who
tried to secure the money on the
ground that she needed it to pay for
a surgical operation on a child will
not be prosecuted, as that is not Mrs.
Roosevelt's wish. Because of the re
spectability of the young woman's
family her name Is withheld. ,
Investigating the Merchant Marine.
SEATTLE. July 26. — The members
of the Congressional commission ap
pointed to investigate conditions of
the merchant marine and hear evi
dence as to what should be done to
improve . It spent four hours in the
Washington Hotel to-day listening to
statements and suggestions from rep
resentatives of shipping Interests and
delegates from seamen's unions.
Guy Stockslager, a counterfeiter,
was arrested last night by the secret
service officials and landed behind the
bars at the City Prison. The prisoner
has been spotted for somv time. The
officers have had him in view at quar
ters on Bush street, then at a placa
on Sutter street, and each time Just
as Officer Hazen was about to pounce
down on him the bird would quietly
depart. In April Stockslager disap
peared from public view In town- A
few days ago he again appeared
around his old haunts and Hazen sent
Special Operator Thomas B. Foster on
his track. Foster found his man in
the tenderloin last night and arrested
him on O'Farrell street, near Powell.
Stockslager made no resistance. His
room on Fourth street was searched,
but nothing connecting him with the
counterfeiting business was found.
Stockslager has had a varied expe
rience. In 1D0O he was a census taker
la Alaska and then went under the
name of S. C. Brewster. He traveled
over that frozen country In sleds drawn
by dogs or reindeer. He was reported
to have been an Indefatigable worker.
He finally came to grief up there and
was sentenced to a term of five years
for forgery. He served one year, as
President Roosevelt commuted hl3 sen
tence. He is reported to be well edu
cated and is a lawyer by profession.
He ls also said to be a gambler.
Guy Stockslager, After Long
Search, Is Finally Cap
tured and Landed in Jail
COUNTERFEITER
IS ARRESTED
A telegram received from Provi
dence last night says that Mrs. Knu
schke, who is 73 years of age and a
cousin of the late John Dolbeer, has
begun a contest of Miss Dolbeer's will
on the ground that Miss Dolbeer was
Insane when she wrote the document.
Joined with her in the action are
four sisters of Mrs. Knuschke and her
brother, former Congressman William
A. Chase of Holyoke, Mass.
Mrs. Mary M. Knuschke of Provi
dence, R. I., is the latest claimant to
a share of Bertha M. Dolbeer's estate.
Mrs. Mary M. Knnschke of Rhode
Island, Cousin of John Dolbeer.
Seeks to Break Will.
CLAIMS A SHARE OF
MISS DOLBEER'S ESTATE
NEW YORK. July 26.— The follow
ing Californians are registered in New
York: From San Francisco — E. Aber
danon, at the Imperial; C. P. Baugh
man, at the Grand Union; E. K. Clarke
and wife, at the Westminster; I. W.
Cuthbert, at" the Hotel York; A. E.
Gate, at the Marie Antoinette; H.
Goenger, at the Hotel Imperial; Miss
W. Gonzales, A. Gonzales, at the Grand
Hotel; Mrs. A. Hasbrouck, at the
Park Avenue; Mrs. S. L. Jenkins, at
the Gregorian; G. B. Maces, at the
Continental; Z. Abrams, ¦ F. Freuden
thal, at the Marlborough; M. E. 'Lewis,
at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — N. Cole Jr., at
the Normandie;~W. R. Thirkell; at^the
SL Denis.
Californians in Ne*- York.
Monroe Archibald of Nova Scotia Is
at the Lick.
Dr. Charles Browne of Philadelphia is
at the St. Francis.
W. H. Hatton, a well-known attorney
of Modesto, is at the Lick.
¦M. M. Odell, a wealthy resident of
Bakersfield, is registered at the Riiss.;
The Rev. James Dobbin and wife of
Faribault, Minn., are at the Occidental.
Louis Pierce, a young capitalist of
Suisun, and his wife are registered at
the SL Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Foist of New York
are spending their honeymoon In this
city and are registered at the Palace. *
Sardis Summerfield. United States
District Attorney of Nevada, Is down
from Reno and Is at the Palace.
C. H_ Strutt, a member of the British
Parliament, who Is on his way to Aus
tralia, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
K R. Wilfley of St. Louis, the newly
appointed Attorney General for the
Philippines, arrived from the East last
night on his way to Manila. He ls at
the Palace.
PERSOXAL.
Bonnie Lemar lost her child through
proceedings instituted by the Colorado
Humane Society, which declared the
woman's treatment of the boy was
cruel and that his surroundings were
not proper. Through the aid of detec
tives the lad was found on a ranch
near Joplin, Mo. Bonnie Lemar and
the boy will sail for England in Octo
ber.
BUTTE, Mont., July 26.— After a
search covering a period of about eight
years Bonevieve Lemar has returned to
Dillon, Mont., her home, with her 11
year-old son Francis, who ls one of the
heirs to theJ)unsmore estate at Brock
more, England.
The Lemar woman was the wife of
George Dunsmore, son of the English
peer, who passed away two years ago.
George Dunsmore died at Cripple Creek
twelve months ago.
Woman Recovers. Lost Son and Will
Go to England to Claim
Inheritance.
RICH ESTATE AWAITS
CHILD OF DUXSMORE
SteamslUp Calchas From Tacoma,
Reported to Have Been Taken.
LIVERPOOL. July 26. — The own-
SEIZED BY THE RAIDERS.
SUEZ, July 26. — The Peninsular
and Oriental Steamship Company's
steamship Formosa has Just arrived
here flying the Russian naval flag and
with a prize crew on board. She was
captured In the Red Sea by the Smo
lensk. The Russian Consul is await
ing instructions for the release of the
Formosa.
Vessel Into Port.
Russian Prize Crew Brings British
STEAMSHIP FORMOSA SEIZED.
YOKOHAMA. July 27.— The British
officials, directed by Minister Sir
Claude Macdonald, are examining the
Lascar crew of the Knight Comman
der, which was sunk by the Vladivo
stok squadron, preliminary to making
a full report to the British Govern
ment. • _
The British steamship Fernley, with
coal from Newport, and the Japanese
steamship Himgo, from Bonin Islands,
arrived safely to-day. The steamship
Calchas from Tacoma is overdue.
Yokohama merchants will ask Japan
to protect trans-Pacific shipping.
I>riti>h Minister Investifiratlns the
Knight Commander Affair.
MACDONALD BEGINS INQUIRY.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The Japa
nese legation to-day received a cable
gram from the Foreign Office In Tokio
g'ivkig the story of the captain of the
British steamer Tsinan regarding the
sinking of two Japanese sailing ves
sels by the Russian man-of-war, as
already announced. The dispatch
says :
"In these cases the Russians made
no signals to the Japanese vessels and
did not search them, but simply sank
them. As no attempt was made on
the part of the Russians to rescue the
crews of these vessels, all must have
been drowned."
Russians Wantonly Send Japanese
Seamen to Their Death.
CREWS SUNK WITH SCHOONERS.
BERLIN, July 26.— A correspondent
of the Lokal Anzelger, who was an eye
witness of the fighting near Tatche
kiao. telegraphs from Liaoyang, under
to-day's date, that the Japanese unex
pectedly opened a cannonade on the
evening of July 23 and adds that the
arti!lery,£attle was continued on Sun
day and v lasted fourteen hours. The
Russian batteries, continues the cor
respondent, were served better than
those of the Japanese.
The Russians made a fierce bayonet
attack and retained their position at
nightfall, but were unexpectedly or
dered to retire during the night. On
the morning of July 25 they evacuated
the railrcrad station at Tatchekiao, car
rying off the movables and burning
the bulk of their supplies.
When the correspondent left Tatche
kiao on the last train at 10 o'clock in
the morning, the Russian rear guard
was still holding Tatchekiao.
Order Comes u> Retreat.
Slavs Still Holding Foe Bark When
RI'SSIAXS USE THE BAYONET
Premier Balfour in the House of
Commons to-day said the Government
VRfta not aware of anv convention con
cluded in 1901 between Turkey and
Russia, providing special conditions
lor the passage of the Dardanelles by
Fpecial Russian ships.
The sinking of the Knight Com
mander was fully discussed at, a. meet
ing of the Cabinet to-day.
LONDON, July 26. — While the ne
gotiations between Great Britain and
Russia respecting the Red Sea seiz
ures have been carried on in the most
conciliatory manner it is learned that
in the representations to the SL Pe
tersburg Government Foreign Secre
tary L/ansdowne declared that Great
Britain-^ could not, in view of her
treaty alliance with Japan, allow any
interpretation to be olaeed upon
treaties relating to the Dardanelles
which would permit of the free pass
ago of vessels of the Russian volun
teer fleet from the B!ack Sea to the
Mediterranean, with the view of their
subsequent employment for war pu»
poses.
Will Not Permit Volunteer Ships to
Pass the Dardanelles.
ENGLAND WARNS RUSSIA.
PARIS, July 26. — The Japanese occu
pation of Newchwang is regarded here
as a serious blow to Russia, which
thereby is prevented closely watching
the doings of the Chinese army com
manded by General Ma. The belief is
current that the Japanese now will
readily obtain unofficial aid from the
Chinese soldiers by promises of good
pay and hints of the possibilities of
plunder.
SERIOUS BLOW TO RUSSIA.
"Toward evening on July 23 our
troops, having left detachments to
hold the fortified pbsltibns; bivouacked
in the various positions assigned, to
them', with the view of a possible rear
guard engagement.
"Our losses have not been definitely
ascertained, but according to the" ad
vices at hand they were not consider
able. Owing to the extreme heat there
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.— The fol
lowing dispatch from General Kuropat
kin, dated July 25, has been received
by the Emperor: •
"Reconnaissances carried out daily of
late between Kaichou and Saikhatan
showed the summits of the heights
north of Kaichou to be strongly occu
pied and fortified. At 5 o'clock in the
morning of July 23 the enemy, two
divisions strong, assumed the offensive.
Along the line of outposts to the south
the enemy developed a division of in
fantry, concentrating his main body
toward Dachau (twelve mile3 north of
Kaichou) and keeping his cavalry on
our left flank near the railroad. His
advance was effected slowly and at in
tervals was accompanied by a heavy
fire from thirty guns, which our rear
guard batteries successfully answered.
The Japanese fire at first was directed
at the heights, which gradually were
evacuated by our outposts. Our sharp
shooters with the rear guard opened
lire upon the advancing Japanese in
fantry and at a favorable opportunity
Colonel Lesh withdrew our guard to
a new position and our batteries, which
had several times changed their posi
tions, continued the duel with the
enemy's artillery, also firing Into the
infantry columns.
"At 9:30 o'clock In the moraine the
Japanese began a forward movement,
at first with three battalions from the
Tsintsakle Valley. In this direction our
forces occupied a fortified advance po
sition. Toward 3 o'clock in the after
noon the enemy had upward of a di
vision of Infantry and at the same
moment columns of considerable
strength, amounting to a brigade of
infantry, appeared west of the rail
road. At about 4 .o'clock the enemv^
ceased to, advance and extended a b4s
main body. . '
treat. From Talchekiao.
KUROPATKIX REPORTS BATTLE.
Describes Fight inc Preceding the Re-
ST. PETERSBURG. July 26. — While
entirely without advices regarding the
circumstances surrounding the sinking
of the British steamer Knight Com
mander, Russia maintains the right of
her warships to sink a neutral vessel
carrying contraband of war when her
papers show that she is clearly con
flscable and when circumstances ren
der it impossible or too dangerous to
attempt to get her to a home port, and
in such cases liability for damages to
the value of the ship is not admitted.
Neither the American nor the Brit
ish government has made representa
tions here regarding the sinking of the
liritish steamship Knight Commander.
sels Carrying: Contraband.
Claims the Richt to Sink Neutral Ves-
ATTITUDE OF- RUSSIA.
"Details of the fighting and of the ex
tent of pur losses are not yet avail
able/ ¦
"The commander of our troops, who
had sustained' the enemy's attacks for
two days and repelled them all, after
giving his men some rest began to re
tire to the north, without being mo
lested by the enemy." '
"Simultaneously with the artillery
cannonade the enemy made a vigorous
attack in the direction of Dufangcheng,
with the object of breaking up the cen
ter of our position. Our troops repelled
all attacks and we retained all our po
sitions.. .The battle ended at 9:30 o'clock
in the. evening. £-'
"Our casualties ' in wounded were
Captain : Minlme and forty-nine men.
The number of killed is not yet known.
"On July 23 all was quiet, In that dis
trict.
"On the River Caitsyk Japanese
troops -of the guards were posted at
very close intervals. Along the left
bank from Bentsyzkou to Mltza three
outposts were observed; at Bentsyz
kou. Yantzlachuan and Mltza, respec
tively, each about 1000 infantry with
machine guns.
"On the Saimatsze-Mukden road the
enemy on July 22 took the offensive in
considerable force at Saimatsza and
Siaossyra.
"On July 24 the enemy resumed activ
ity on the south front, and a fight be
gan on the left bank with a fusillade
from the outposts near Tantchi. For
the next twelve hours the enemy main
tained a heavy and uninterrupted artil
lery fire. This artillery duel went in
our favor, the Japanese batteries
operating against the villages of Tlaut
ziatung and Sautzlatze being reduced
to silence by 4 o'clock.
"On July 21 the Japanese occupied a
height facing Phkan PassX This inter
fered considerably with our observa
tion of the post service, and conse
quently on the same day a Russian
force occupied the pass.
"On the following morning Lieuten
ant Colonel Dementieff, commanding a
detachment, determined to occupy the
southern slope of the hill. Thi3 was
done about noon. That afternoon the
Japanese attacked and turned our left
wing. Then, taking advantage of the
formation of the country, they began
to turn the right. Other companies of
Dementieff 's force hastened to his as
sistance, to which several companies
were also sent fr6m the nearest points.
These troops as they arrived helped to
check the turning operations of the
enemy, who finally brought into action,
however, as much as a brigade of In
fantry, with which he pressed our
troops and turned both our flanks.
"Our men, exposed to a terrible fire,
retired step by step, but at the same
time offering a stubborn resistance to
the enemy, who ceased to attack at 7
o'clock on .the evening of July 22, after
occupying Phkan Pass.
"At nightfall our advance posts re
occupled Tantchi, to the southeast. The
night passed quietly.
"At 5 o'clock on the morning of July
24 an exchange of shots began between
outposts in the vicinity of Tantchi. All
was quiet bn the Kaichou side and
there was no further news.
were a number of cases of sunstroke
among our men.
wounded in yesterday's fight at Tatche
kiao. The fight, which was mainly an
artillery duel, according to the state
ments of the men on the train, com
menced at 6 o'clock in the morning and
was still going on at 11 o'clock at night,
when the train left. The Russians
were then maintaining their positions,
about seven miles south of Tatchekiao.
Later reports received here are to the
effect that the Russians, with 100 guns
in action in the Tatchekiao engage
ment, inflicted serious losses upon the
Japanese and destroyed many of their
guns. The Japanese attack or\the pen
ter of the Russian position was re
pulsed, but the Russians were ordered
to retire to occupy the heights five
miles north of Tatchekiao. This move
ment was carried out in good order.
JAPANESE GUNS DESTROYED.
; MUKDEN, July 26. — The Empress'
hospital train passed through Mukden
yesterday, bearing 314 men, who were
The Official Messenger this morning
printed a dispatch from Liaoyang dated
July 25 announcing that the Japanese
maintained a terrific bombardment of
Tatchekiao throughout the day, but
that toward evening, several of their
batteries having been silenced by the
Russian guns, they retired. No esti
mate of the losses on either side is
given, but Judging from the nature and
extent of the fire the engagement was
a serious one. The dispatch says:
"Throughout the night of July 24 the
Japanese were busily engaged in
placing batteries on the crests and
slopes of the neighboring mountains,
and at 4 o'clock in the morning they
opened a terrific artillery, fire on the
Russian position at Tatchekiao from
their front, which was nine miles long.
The firing continued throughout the
day, but slackened toward evening and
stopped entirely. at/7 o'clock, the Japa
nese retiring from the mountains. The
Russian artillery answered the Japa
nese fire hotly all day long.
"According to the reports of eye wit
nesses the Russians silenced, three of
the Japanese batteries, after which the
Japanese fire ceased."
The Japanese advance against Gen
eral Kuropatkin's armies seems at last
to have b'een begun in earnest. They
are moving up strongly from the south
and have captured Kan Pass, on the
road to Haicheng. A northern move
ment also is reported, but the objective
of the Japanese at present seems to be
Haicheng.
The evacuation of Tatchekiao was
prepared for long ago by the Russians,
as military experts have repeatedly in
dicated., The retirement is not regard
ed as materially altering the situation.
The Russians had strongly fortified
Haicheng in view of this contingency.
MOVING ON TO HAICIIENG.
The Japanese forces are believed to
include the whole of the armies of Gen
erals Oku and Nodzu. More than sev
en divisions of Japanese are engaged.
The rear guard action between Datch
apu and Tatchekiao continued until 11
o'clock at night, when the Japanese
were within sight of the Russian in
trenchments. The Russians withdrew
in perfect order, favored by the beauti
ful moonlight.
General Kurorjatkin reports that the
Japanese column in the vicinity of
Saimatsza, which is believed to be two
divisions strong, is marching along the
valley of the Taitse, with the obvious
aim of cutting the railroad above Liao
yang.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 26—Dis
patches received by the War Office an
nounce that the Russians have retreat
ed to Haicheng. They decided to with
draw from Tatchekiao on Sunday even
ing. General Zaroubaleff, commanding
the Fourth Army Corps, who is General
Stakelberg's senior, resolved to take
this step in consequence of the reports
of scouts that the Japanese were turn
ing the left ilank
A recent dispatch from Shanghai
said that 200 Chinese soldiers had
been sent from Ichang to the scene of
this outrage. This dispatch said also
that these murders had occurred near
Singanfu.
PEKING, July 26. — No detail have
yet been received here of the recent
murder by Chinese near Ichang, in
the province of Hupeh, of the Belgian
Bishop, Mgr. Verhaegen, and hla
brother, the Rev. Theotimus Verhae
gen. It i3 not supposed that these acts
were conencted with Boxerism. but
rather that they were the result of
local riots.
Work of Local Rioters.
Killing of Belgians Near Ichans the
actual test the policy of the Stat* TV
partment respecting the recent seizures
and sinking of vessels ,S A SS
cargoes, attention may bTdrawT
the fact that in the latest MUion If
••Hall's International Law> a BrUi3h
work held in the hi R h* st W&SjSH
as an authority, the doctrine ls S
down without qualification that a nou
tral ship must not be sunk by 'a h>i"
llgerent; that if the detained vessel
cannot be sent to port she must be re
leased. This doctrine bear3 precisely
upon the case of the Knight Com
mander, as far as the facts are known.
NOT MURDERED BY BOXERS
TACOMA, July 26.— The steamship
Calchas, seized by the Vladivostok
squadron, cleared from Tacoma at
midnight of July 8 and sailed from
Victoria on the 10th. She had a car
go of 4297 tons, including 7846 pieces
of timber, 23,300 sacks of Hour, 70
tons of machinery, io tons of cotton
and 50 tons of tobacco. She was to
have stopped at Kobe, Hongkong,
Shanghai and Manila before proceed
ing to Liverpool. Captain W. T. Han
nah of Liverpool is master of the ves
sel.
ers of the British steamship Calchas,
bound from Puget Sound to Japan,
have received a telegram from Hong
kong reporting that the Calchas has
been seized by the Vladivostok squad
ron.
Th<* demands which will be made
en the Russian Government will in
clude compensation to the owners of
the ship and to the owners of the
goods on board the Knight Command
er, an apology for the action of the
llussian cruisers and an agreement
that instructions shall be given which
will prevent a repetition of such ac
tion.
British fhip owners .ire up in arms
ever the danger which shipping is now
running and are bombarding the
Government with representations
looking to the thorough protection of
their interests.
LONDON". July 26.— The British
Government is taking energetic action
relative to the sinking of the British
steamship Knight Commander by the
Vladivostok squadron. AM informa
tion received by the Government tends
to establish in the official mind the
belief that an outrage has been com
mitted, for /which no excuse exists in
international law*. Those aware of
the feelings of the Ministry said to
night that all the members of the
Cabinet were in accord regarding the
principle of the inviolability of Inno
cent neutral shipping, as well as upon
the principle that a neutral ship can
not be destroyed, even if carrying
coal.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— In the ab
sence of action by the Department of
State in the case of seizures by Rus
sian and Japanese warships it appears
that the last official word on the sub
ject indicating the position of the
Government is that contained in the
proclamation of President Roosevelt
of February 11 last, Just after the out
break of the war. This was a little
different from the ordinary neutrality
proclamation, and, in addition to en-
Joining citizens of the United States to
refrain from organizing military expe
ditions in aid of the belligerents, con
tained this clear statement for the
benefit of many inquiring shipowners
and exporting mercantile houses:
"And that while all persons may law
fully and without restriction, by rea
son of the aforesaid state of war, man
ufacture and sell within the United
States arms and ammunition and other
articles ordinarily known as 'contra
band of war,' yet they cannot carry
such articles upon the high seas for
the use or service of either belligerent,
nor can they transport soldiers and
officers of either, or attempt to break
any blockade which may lawfully be
established and maintained during the
war, without incurring the risk of hos
tile capture and the penalties provided
by the law of nations in that behalf.
And I do hereby give notice that all
citizens of the United States and othera
who may claim the protection of this
Government who may misconduct
themselves in the premises will do so at
their peril, and that they can In nowise
obtain any protection from the Govern
ment of the United States against the
consequences of their misconduct."
This makes clear to mercantile and j
shipping interests the President's view
that it is not in violation of United
States law to ship contraband, but Jhat
it must be shipped at the owner's risk
and is subject to seizure.
While there is no authority for de
claring positively in advance of any
Combined Japanese Armies Are Advancing Upon the Forti
tified Stronghold Where Kuropatkin's Forces Will
Make TheiY Final Stand.
London Government Regards the Sinking
of the Knight Commander as
Inexcusable.
Government Will Not Grant Protection
When Contraband Is Carried
to Belligerents.
OKU AND NODZU CONTINUE
THEIR FORWARD MOVEMENT
ENGLAND WILL DEMAND
APOLOGY FROM RUSSIA
OWNERS OF SHIPS MUST
OBSERVE LAWS OF WAR
RUSSIANS RETREAT TO HAICHENG WITH THE ENEMY IN PURSUIT
v . "WASHINGTON, July. 26— The condition of
Admiral > Taylor, chief > of -the navigation bu
reau of th« -Navy -Derailment."' who Ja ill at
Copper Bay." Ont., was unfavorable v to-day, ac
cording to a message from bis eon, ;
»i- ,-¦ -¦¦ ¦ " .-...-¦, ¦ ¦¦ v '¦-¦ "-"1fU - ¦-
I have read In press dispatches that Mrs.
Parker was obliged to leave * home ; to ' avoid
the annoyance of ubiquitous • photographers,
notwithstanding the warning 'jfflven • by -/you,'
and it Is reported in the same dispatches that
there would be no more promiscuous pho-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., July 26.— Miss
Abigail Robertson of this city brought
suit against the Rochester Folding Box
Company to restrain it'from using her
photograph to adorn packages of goods
offered for sale. The oase was decide*d
against her in the New -York Court. of
Appeals, Judge Parker writing the de?
cislon. Parker's recent protest /against
the liberties taken with him , and his
family by photographers has , brought
out the following, open letter, .which has
been sent to Parker by Miss Robertson:
REBUKES JUDGE PARKER.
Young Woman Persecuted by Court's
» Decree Writes Sarcastic Letter.
LIVERPOOI^-Salied ¦¦- July 26— Stmr . Carpa
thian for New York,; via' Queenstown; Btmr
Sylvanla. for 'Boston, via ¦ Queenstown.
. ; . \ ,' arrive:?'.
;> : ; '.-' " " -V (Tuesday, July 26.
':- Btmr ChehaHs, Martin, 50 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound for San Pedro, -put. In- to* land
passengers.
. StmrAurella, Erickson 74 hours from Port
land. ;.. •.-.•_-. ...
, - . '-¦¦¦ DOMESTIC POUTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 20— Stmr O. C.
Llndauer, hence July 22, hence July 22.
Arrived July 22 — Sehr G. W. Watson from
San Pedro. . •
TATOOSH— Passed In July 2ft— Stmr Peru,
hence July 23,- hence July 23 for Ancon Canal.
VENTURA— Sailed July 26 — Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 26 — Schr Fannie Dutard, from
Grays Harbor
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 26— Br ship
Dudhope. for Callao.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 26/
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA, July 26.— Stmr Tremont was
detained ten hours at quarantine to-day on ar
rival from the Orient, having a Japanese pas
senger who showed symptoms of fever. He
was put ashore at quarantine and will be kept
there two days for Inspection. The 'ship was
allowed to proceed to Victoria, where she is
now. discharging 800 tons of freight. •
-FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 28- r Stmr Em
press of China, from. Vancouver,',- via Yoko
hama; Kobe, Nagasaki and Shanghai.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July j 26— Stmr
Frlesland, from 'Philadelphia for Liverpool, and
"proceeded. ¦ • ' -' .,- : :. ' -. ¦ ,-..
BREMEN— Arrived July 26— Stmr Kaiser
¦W,llhelm der ••' Grosse, from New . York,\ via
Plymouth and Cherbourg. • .
kat e Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK, July 26.— New. York
Stock Exchange poll:- For Roosevelt,
307; for Parker, 103; undecided. 6; total
replies, 416; membership, 1100.
With very few exceptions, members
of the New York Stock Exchange have
made up their minds how they will vote
In the Presidential election. For the
purpose of ascertaining the sentiment
in the exchange toward, candidates for
the two great parties ' the Herald in
closed, to each of its members* a let
ter accompanied by. a card for,, reply.
Responses were- received from' : more
than one-third; of •- the entire;member
ship of the exchange. The majority of
these preferred not to give the, names,
but a considerable proportion came out
boldly for their candidate. . /\
As a rule, supporters of President
Roosevelt expressed the opinion that
the country would be safer and that
prosperity would be more certain to
continue under Republican . rule than
with a change of administration/ Many
Democrats betrayed satisfaction over
being able once more to vote with their
party, saying that they had voted for
McKlnley in the last two Presidential
campaigns. Opposition to protective
tariff was given as the reason for sup
porting Judge Parker In a great num
ber of instances.
Straw Vote in Stock Exchange Gives
President a Majority.
ROOSEVELT IS FAVORED.
National Republican League Issues
Cnll for Convention in Indianapolis.
WASHINGTON. July 26. — J.Hamp
ton Moore, president of the National
Republican League, has issued a, call
to all Republican State. and Territorial
leagues, delegates and alternates and
members of Republican clubs through
out the United States to assemble. in
regular biennial convention at Indian
apolis, Ind., on October 5 and 6, 1904.
CLUBS TO ASSEMBLE.
The Democratic ratification of the
nomination of Parker and Davis will
take place as announced at the Alham
bra Theater to-morrow evening. Timo
thy Spellacy, chairman of the State
committee of .the party, will direct the
affair. The speakers listed are Supe
rior Judge M. T. Doollng, San Benito
County; James G. Maguire, E. J. Llv
ernash, W. J. Wynn, Thomas M.
O'Connor, and Charles Swigert. The
honor of presiding will be accorded to
Joseph Sadoc Tobln.
, There are indications that Contra
Costa Courwy intends to break away
from the old compact which gave the
Republican nomination for State Sen
ator alternately to Marin and Contra
Costa. The assertion Is made that
Marin County annulled the agreement
by knifing the Contra Costa candidate
In 1900. returns of the election
that year show that the head of the
Republican ticket (Samuel M. Short
ridge, Presidential elector) received
a majority . "of 777. over his
Democratic opponent, and that James
H. Wilkins, the . Marin County
Democratic nominee for State Senator,
received in Marin a- majority of 162
over Charles M. Belshaw, the - Contra
Costa Republican nominee. The Re
publicans of Marin have indorsed E. B.
Martinelli for State Senator. The
Stockton Mail's San Francisco corre
spondent writes: "Belshaw, if elected,
will be for Bard. George Hatton is
pretty confident that Martinelli will be
for Oxnard."
Thomas Flint will accept the Repub
lican nomination for State Senator In
the Thirty-first District. The counties
of Monterey, San Luis Obispo and San
Benito comprise the district. The
county of San Luis Obispo was added
under the new apportionment. The old
Thirty-third Senatorial District, which
Senator Flint represented In every ses
sion of the Legislature since 1886, was
composed of the counties of Monterey
and San Benito. The old district was
Democratic, but Flint's personal popu
larity and superior ability overcame
the odds. The addition of San Luis
Obispo County increases the Demo
cratic strength, hence Flint may need
all his popularity and energy to win
out. .
The fourth Republican aspirant for
the honor of representing the Fifth
District in the State Senate is Frank
Roney of Vallejo. The other candi
dates for the favor of the Republican
convention are Robert- Corlett of Napa
and Ben P. Rush and ex-District At
torney Devlin of Solano. The counties
of Napa and Solano comprise the dis
trict. The latter Is entitled to twelve
and the former to ten delegates In the
nominating convention, hence it is ob
vious that the power to win resides in
Solano. Senator Corlett entertains the
hope that the fight will become so in
tense in Solano that the delegates will
not be able to unite in support of any
aspirant residing in that county. When
Napa and Lake were In the same Sen
atorial district. Napa, the stronger
county, always walked away with the
political prizes and it is now expected
that Solano will perform the same act.
It is gossip In political circles that the
Solano delegates will ultimately unite
on Rush.
contest. The legislative record of Dun
lap, as well as that of Muenter, Is well
known to the people of San Joaqulp
County.
members of the National Committee
to-morrow, work on the speech of ac
ccptance to be delivered by Judge Par
ker at the notification ceremonies to be
held at Rosemont on August 10 and his
heavy mail, occupied the Democratic
candidate during the greater part of
the day. - "
Continued I-Yom Pace 1, Column 6.
Continued From Pajre 1, Column 7.
BARD WINS HIS FIGHT,
REDDING, July 26.— George A. Knight
of San Francisco has accepted the Invi
tation extended to him by local Repub
licans to Bpeak in this city August 13.
The Republican County Convention
will meet that day.
Knight Will Speak at Redding.
I sincerely hops that If yon puffer annoy
ance of this kind in some locality where your
decision .does not control you may be granted
the relief which you /Tented me. Very truly
yours, AlpGAIL. ROBERTSON.-
tographlng of yourself; and family. Toil ar«
quoted as saying:. "I reserve the rleht to put
my hands In my pockets ana assume com
fortable attitudes without being everlastingly
afraid that I shall be snapped by some fellow
¦with a camera." M take .this opportunity to
remind you . that you have no such right as
that which you assert. I have very high au
thority for my etatement, being nothing less
than tlie decision of the Court of Appeals of
this State, wherein you wrote the prevailing
opinion. • Vi« You may. recollect that the
fscta In that case were undisputed, and that
it was admitted that the defendants, without
my knowledge or consent, and knowing that
they had no right or. authority to do so. Had
secured my photograph, and having caused
It to be enlarged and lithographed to life size,
had circulated about 25,000 copies thereof as
an advertisement of commodities In which
one of the defendants dealt; that the likenesses
were posted conspicuously in stores, ware
houses, saloons and other public places and
had been recognized - by friends and others:
that my good name had been attacked as a
congruence and that, as a result of the shock
and mortification upon my ascertaining that
I had been made public property of In this
manner, I was actually confined to my bed
with nervous troubles and placed under the
care of a physician; that such use of my like
ness wa s being continued and that I desired
an Injunction against the defendants, restrain
ing the further use thereof. • • •
You referred to my cause of action as' a
"so-called" act of privacy, and admitted that
euch publicity, "which some find agreeable."
was to the plaintiff very distasteful, and that
I suffered . "mental distress" . when others
.¦would have appreciated that compliment .to
their beauty, and In an opinion sixteen pages
lonK you arrived at the conclusion that I had
no rights that could be protected by your
tribunal.
DEMOCRATS GWE HONOR TO TAGGART
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL 1 , WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
2
A gentleman called upon me a few
riays ago to ask me about my cure of
rh*»umati*m. My cure has attracted con-
siderable attention, simply because my
case was probably about the worst case
that ever puzzled the doctors of San
Francisco and Oakland. I am an old
repldeot of California — have lived in
sight of San Francisco for forty-nine
years. I k^pt a grocery store at the cor-
ner of Fourth and Webster streets In
Oakland for twenty years. I am pretty
well known. Many know that I was
compelled to give up my grocery busi-
ness simply because rheumatism crip-
pled me up so I could not walk, could
not dress rr.yself. hardly feed myself; so
to all Intent and purpose, rheumatism
paralyzed nre. ;.,.-.
Wasn't I a feast for the doctors, and
didn't I make an apothecary shop of my
stomach, all to no avail? Doctors and
medicines never did me any good. I am
a well man now and a happy man. No
more pains, no more swollen Joints, no
more stiff and aching limbs. I can walk
twenty miles If I want to. It seems like
it ls too good to be true, yet I was cured
In a few weeks, and at a trifling ex-
pense, at the Electro-Chemic Institute,
118 Grant avenue, corner of Post street.
Bun Francisco. My name is Herman
Koster. and I now live at 2425 Fourth
street. West Berkeley, and the picture at
the top of this article Js a pretty good
likeness of me. The physicians of the
Klectro-Chemfc Institute extend a cor-
dial Invitation to all sufferers to visit
them for free consultation, examination
and trial treatment. Those living at a
distance can write for free Information
regarding home treatment. Outside suf-
forerB are loaned, free of charge, an ex-
pensive Electro-Chemic apparatus for
home treatment. Eleetro-Chemlstry cures
Catarrh. Consumption. Asthma. Bron-
chitis. Deafness. Ringing Ears, Head
Noises. Painful and Discharging
Ears. Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Locomotor
Ataxia. Paralysis. Dizziness. Headache,
nil Nervous Diseases. Piles. Fistula,
Prostatltis. Stricture. Specific Blood Con-
tagion, and all special diseases of men.
Cancers. Ulcers, Old Sores, Eczema and
all diseases of the skin and blood: all
ppeclal diseases of women. Displace-
ments. Irregularities. Tumors. Swollen
Glands. Ooltre. etc.
Th* office hours are from nine to five
and seven to eight daily and on Sundays
from ten to one. The.re are separate and
private apartments for the male and fe-
male patients. The Institute is central-
ly located, at 118 Grant avenue, corner
of Post street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$3.50 UsSfed $3- 50
True Merit 1 (§$m\ J True Merit
Shoes /Oc/^\ Shoes
For Men C2«SO For Men
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third Street, S. F.
-5Q1 F AGENTS FOR
BUCKINGHAM <& HECHT'S
$3^ SHOES FOR MEN
Reliable and satisfactory for comfort, style and
.'-• service. Made with Goodyear welted oak tanned
soles. All lasts in vici kid, box calf or velourcalf.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.AFRICAN NATIVES SLAY
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN
' WASHINGTON. July 26.-% he State
Department has received a cablegram
from the American Consul at Zanzihnr
reporting the killing by Nandf nat ves
In the province of Uganda. Br ish I
East Africa. April 27 last, of one Mr I
Wendte, said to have been an American
citizen. American
Accused of Robbing Company.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 26. — Gilberto
Larrea, manager of the Federal Tele
graph Company's o^ce at Mazatlan,
has been taken into custody on the
charge of embezzling $13,117. v Larrea
is an influental man in Mazatlan and
had been the company's agent at
Slazatlan for many years.
Body of a Missinz Boy Found.
J PHILLIPSBURG, Mont, July 26.
The body of Frank Barnes, a boy who
has been missing since the middle of
last May, has been found in Rock
Creek wedged in among a cluster of
bushes. The body was in a standing
juosition.
GRANGEVILLE, Idaho, July 26.—
The report of a fatal cutting affray on
the Salmon River near Crooks Corral,
about twelve miles from White Bird,
was brought here to-day. Two boys
had a fight, one of the combatants be
ing beaten into insensibility, after
which the victim was further assailed
with a knife and horribly cut. The
body of the boy was then thrown into
the river. Officers have gone from here
to investigate. .
Fight Between Two Boys in Idaho
Ends In a Brutal
Crime.
STABBED AND BODY
THROWN INTO RIVER
Most of the passengers were in their
berths when the steamer struck. The
shock was sufficient to arouse every
body and there was a general, but not
a confused, rush to the main deck. All
were removed safely.
- ROCKLAND, ¦ Me., July 26.— The
steamer City of Rockland struck on
Gangway ledge in Penobscot Bay to
day and was badly damaged. Her 300
passengers were taken off and landed
at Rockland.
City of Rockland Goes Ashore in Pen
obseot Bay, but Passengers
Are Saved.
STEAMER STRIKES ROCK
AND IS DAMAGED
WIDOW FILES A CONTEST
AGAINST McKENTY ESTATE
! District Attorney: Is Not Satisfied With
Circumstances and Will Appeal
to Grand Jury.
DENVER. Colo., July 26.— District
i Judge Booth M. Malone to-day granted
| a petition of attorneys for creditors of
j the defunct Fidelity Savings Associa-
I tion, for which a receiver was ap
! pointed on July 1, for permission to in
vestigate the affairs of that Institu
tion. The Fidelity's liabilities are
about $1,000,000 and some of its assets
are said tQ be of uncertain value.
District Attorney Harry A. Indsay
has announced his Intention of calling
j the attention of the Grand Jury to cer
i tain circumstances In connection with
! the Fidelity Association's failure.
WANT TO INVESTIGATE
FIDELITY SAVINGS BOOKS
The earnings for the quarter ended
June 30 show a decrease of $17,151,583,
as compared with the same quarter
last year, and an increase of $6,181,839
as compared with the quarter ended
March 31, 1904.
NEW YORK. July 26.— The directors
of the United States Steel Corporation,
at its regular meeting to-day, declared
a regular quarterly dividend of one and
three-quarters per cent on the pre
i ferred stock. The net earnings for the
quarter ended June 30 were $19,490,725.
I The resignation of Charles M.
' Schwab as a director was accepted and
Thomas Morrison of Pitljfburg was se
j lected to take Schwab's place on the
I board.
Net Earnings for the Quarter Amount
to More than Nineteen
, .Millions. ¦
UNITED STATES STEEL
DECLARES A DIVIDEND
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— A branch of
the Citizens' Alliance has been organ
ized here with nearly one hundred
members. James JEmery of San Fran
cisco assisted >n its organization.
New Branch of Citizens' Alliance.
NOMINEE DAVIS DENIES
THAT, HE IS SOON TO WED
HLs Indignation Grows as Congratula
tory Telegrams Continue to
Pour In.
BEDFORD. Pa., July 26. — Ex-Sen
ator Davis to-day emphatically de
nied the report that he is to marry the
widow of Dr. John Reynolds of Shep
ardstown, W. Va. The Senator has
been receiving telegrams of congrat
ulation all day and is very indignant.
SHEPARDSTOWN. W. Va., July 26.
Mrs. Katherine Reynolds to-day made
an emphatic denial of the report of
her engagement to former Senator H.
G. Davis.
Firemen Ask More Pay.
The captains, lieutenants and engin-
eers of the Fire Department have sent
out a petition to the voters of the city
asking for an Increase in pay. The
captains want $150 per month, In place
of $1^0 per month, which they are now
receiving; the lieutenants ask for an
increase from $100 a month to $125 a
month, and the engineers want a raise
from $112 50 to $122 50. It will be neces
sary to make a charter amendment to
advance these salaries.
in Mind.
Augusta McKenty, widow of Jack
son McKenty, who died in Nice,
; France, leaving an estate worth about
$200,000, yesterday filed a contest to
his will of October 13, 1903, on the
| ground that at the time of making the
j testament he was ill and of unsound
j mind because of indulgence in drink,
| which had incapacitated him from at
! tending to his business affairs for six
months previously. Her attorneys are
Pillsbury. Madison & Sutro. Mrs. Mc-
Kenty seeks to validate the will of
I November 13, 1902, in which he left
j her half r of his estate and appointed
¦ herself and her brother-in-law, M. II.
I Messchert, as executors. Messchert is
named in the second will as executor
and says that his niece, Mary E. A. M.
Grant of Berks County, Pa., is the
chief heir. The contest upon the
granting of letters of administration
under the two wills was to have been
heard yesterday in Judge Kerrigan's
court, but was postponed for. two
weeks. :/- r i-
Alleges That Husband's Last Will Was
Made When Ho Was Unsound
? j££Z p v- : v. J / issed Assistant Pay
master 1^ Nicholson, additional duty
assistant to general .storekeeper, navj
yard . Puset Sound. Washington. *
California p ; , tents granted to-day:
Undz bottle stopper: Came Easton
B a " SiiS* a [: Parel ha "^rs; jfmes
IS. Hamilton, Requa. plow er.ltur-
James F. Hathaway. San Franc 4o'
rotary explosive motor; Samuel Hud-'
Bon. Los Angeles, hair drier; John D
Loppentieu, Orange, violin; David G
McCiay Santa Ana. napkin holder-'
Maxim Rose. Kan Francisco leggin-s :
Frank Stansfleld. Log Angeles facet
cuttlns machine. h ' Iacet
Knral route No. 1 will be established
at Laurel, Washington County Ore
gon. September 1. with one carrier
I otr>r \ rrdenburg. Twenty-eighth In
ftntry win " upon expiration ot Ma
h^Tf * b % nce > SL f *Wch he availed
himsolf at San Francisco, report to
commanding offlcW at Fort Snelling
CCHWUliajr, I.. Pi Uh er. Txventy-eiehth
Infantry is dpfan<?d as a me J m ™
T^*?^ £ in ~ , board evened at the
Presidio s an Francisco. July 8 vict
Colonel Owen J. Sweet. Twenty-eighth
Infantry, relieved. 5
The American National Bank of San
Francisco and American National
iJank at Lop Angeles have been ap
proved as reserve agents for the First
National Bank of Long Beach, Cali
inrn5n.
WASHINGTON. July 2€.— J. A. Rob
inson of FruJtvale was to-day appoint
ed watchman in the immigration ser
\-ice at San Francisco.
Chanjros j n p^.,, service Are Made
and Orders for Army and Xavy
Are Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
0 OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WiLKESBARRE. Pa., July 26.— A se
rious disagreement between representa
tives of the operators and mine work
ers of the conciliation board this after
noon resulted in adjournment after a
spirited discussion, with no arrange
ments for another meeting. A strike at
all of the collieries in the Wyoming and
Lackawanna districts, where the fifth
award of the strike commission is not
enforced, is now threatened. The ex
ecutive board has been given power to
nrdor it and the men stand ready to
obey.
GREAT STRIKE IS THREATENED.
Men m \V>oming and Lackawanna
Districts May Walk Out.
Finds Louis Novinsky Guilty of Burg
lary, but Recommends Him to
Mercy of the Court.
The trial of Louis Novinsky on a
charge of burglary took place before
a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court yes
j terday. The jury, after being out for
| about three hours, brought in the fol-
I lowing unique verdict: "We, the jury,
{ find the . defendant, Louis Novinsky,
guilty of the crime of felony to wit,
burglary of the second degree, and
i with the greatest respect for your
i Honor's good Judgment and known
, qualities of mercy, we recommend the
J defendant to the mercy of the court."
i Xovinsky was charged with break
j ing into the basement of C. Blesser,
I 301 Frederick street, on January 24
and stealing several blankets and
other articles. There are two other
charges against him yet to be tried,
and the police could have made the
number about thirty. He and Moses
; Levy, who is on trial in the same
; court, drove around the Western Ad
dition in a wagon, pretending they
were peddlers. One would ring a
dcorbell and if there was no answer
they would break into the basement
1 and load their plunder on the wagon.
¦JURY 3IAKES A STRANGE
ADDITION TO VERDICT
KAXSAS CITY, July 26. — The Al
lied Trades remained at work to-day,
owing to the non-arrival of the sym
pathetic strike order from Chicago
before closing: time, while nearly 100
t-trikers. tired of waiting for benefits
from the Chicago headquarters, re
turned to work at the Armour and
Fowler plants. At least one of the
allied crafts may remain at work. J.
A. Cable, secretary of the Internation
al Coopers' Union, said to-day:
"I do not expect the coopers to go
out. regardless of what the other al
lied trades may do."
A new feature was injected into the
Fituation to-day when a telegram was
received from a number of Texas cat
tle men tendering sympathy to Ar
mour & Co. because of their strike
trouble and intimating that they
would hold their cattle.
The five leading local plants to-day
operated with increased forces.
Break in Butchers' Union Ranks at
Kansas City.
STRIKERS RETURN TO WORK.
Struck by an Electric Car.
SAN JOSE, July 26.— Antone Ollveri,
who Is said to be foreman of the Beav
er ranch on the Saratoga road, was
struck by an Interurban electric car
late last night. His ribs were broken
and one of his feet was crushed.
Martha E. Sabin was arrested in
Stockton in company with a man
named Kendall. When searched dia
monds valued at $6000 were found. She
was released on $2500 cash bail, but
Kendall was taken to Chicago for trial.
The day after Kendall's departure Mrs.
Sabin disappeared, forfeiting her bail.
DENVER, July 26.— Martha E. Sabin,
self-styled "Wall Street Witch" and
alleged to be a confidence woman,
was arrested here to-day. The police
say Bhe has operated in California and
is wanted in Chicago on the charge of
conspiracy and fraud. .. , ; .
Woman Who Jumped $2500 Cash Bail
in Stockton Is Again
in Toils.
MARTHA E. SABIN IS
ARRESTED IN DENVER
MIDDLETOWN, N. Y.. July 26.— A
strike of gold and silver in large Quan
tities has been made in an old aban
doned lead mine in the Shawansrunk
Mountains, near Otisvllle. Samples as
sayed by experts were found unusually
rich. The mine is believed to be the
famous "Lost Gold mine of Mamaka
tlng." from which Indians took larce
quantities of the precious metal.
Gold and Silver in Paying
Quantities.
Old Lead Mine In New York Yields
FIND PRECIOUS METALS
IN ABANDONED CLAIM
The union boilermakers of the coast
! division of the Southern Pacific Com
j pany struck yesterday. The trouble
j was over the employment of two non
union men whom the strikers assert
were Imported from Chicago. Grand
I President McNeil of the International
! Boilermakers' Union was in conference
with the railroad people yesterday. As
yet there is no ill feeling on either side,
and McNeil says that the affair will
probably be adjusted amicably to-day.
The strike involves only the boiler
makers of the coast division, who num
ber twenty-eight in this city, sixteen
in San Luis Obispo, four at Salinas,
four at San Jose, two at Newark and
two at Alameda Point. The men claim
that there are enough union men to
fill all vacancies in the yards. They
assert that the two men over whom the
j trouble started are from outside the
State, and that they want Californians
to be given the preference. President
McNeil will confer with the company's
officials again to-day.
At the last meeting of Carpenters'
Union No. 483 the sum of $100 was voted
to the entertainment fund for the re
ception of the delegates to the Ameri
can Federation of Labor in this city
next November. At the same meeting
! $10 was voted to the Stockton strikers.
International President to Confer With
Railroad People and Settlement
May Come To-Day.
BOILERMAKERS OF COAST
DIVISION ARE ON* STRIKE
NEW YORK, July 26.— To combat
race prejudice against negro tenants
in white districts, the Afro-American
Realty Company has started an ag
gressive campaign.
Negro real estate operators and in
vestors organized the company re
cently with a capital stock of $500,000.
They have subscribed for $100,000.
The remaining $400,000 is offered to
negro capitalists at $10 a share.
The company owns four five-story
flats valued at ? 125.000 and holds te.n
other flat houses under five-year leases.
The Afro-American Realty Company
was formed after the struggle a year
ago to oust negro tenants of uptown
fiats.
Afro-American Realty Company Will
Buy and Lease Flats for Use
of Colored Tenants.
WILL COMBAT KEELING
AGAINST XKGUO RACE
NEW YORK, July 26.— In the flKht
between Street Cleaning Commissioner
Woodbury and the "push cart trust."
which has been behind all the resist
ance to the Commissioner's determina
tion to rid the streets of push cart men
and place them in perman%nt markets,
a decisive victory has been gained by
the Commissioner, by the acquiescence
of the peddlers it? his plans.
Commissioner Is Victorious In His
Efforts to Rid Streets of Push
Cart Men.
WOODBl'RY WINS HIS
• FIGHT IX XEAV YORK
If yon are going to attend th» O. A. R, En
campment at Boston or World's Fair, why not
have your tickets read one way Tia th» North
ern Pacific Ry. and stor> en routs and visit
the Yellowstone Park? For particular* se« T.
K. Stateler. General Agent, X. P. Ry.. 61/
Market *tre«t, San Francisco. •
Cheap Rates to Boston and St. Louis.
NEW YORK, July 26. — Running at
full speed to a fire in Brooklyn last
night the engine of Company No. 127
crashed into an open trolley car
crowded with passengers. Two mem
bers of the fire company were injured
and the occupants of the car were
thrown into a panic. Several had
narrow escapes, as the forward part
of the car was almost demolished.
Both the motorman-and the conductor
of the car declare they did not hear
the engine's bell or whistle, which the
firemen assert were constantly
sounded.
Crowd.
Two Firemen Are Injured and Panic
Prevails Amone the Trolley
FIRE ENGINE COLLIDES
WITH A CRpWDED CAR
WASHINGTON, July 28. — Th« fol
lowing Callfornlans are registered
here: At the New Wlllaxd — Mrs. J.
Blthell. Willard Bithell. of Oakland;
C. E. Grunsky and Mr. and Mrs. N.
Hutchlnson, of San Francisco. At th«
Rallegh — S. D. Cuthern and family. J.
D. Abrams, Miss Small, of San Fran
cisco. At the National — E. M. Smith
of San Francisco. At the St. James —
A. Simons of San Francisco.
Calif orniana In Washington.
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— James Kel
losg, formerly president and manager
of the Kellogg Bank of Ellensburg,
Wash., was arrested here to-night at
the request of the Washington authori
ties as a fugitive from justice. He was
found living In a comfortable home
near here, which he had recently pur
chased, and to which he had brought
his wife and four children., According
to the telegraphic information the po
lice have received from Ellensburg,
Kellogg is wanted there on a felony
charge, consisting of having accepted
deposits in his bank when he knew the
institution to be insolvent. The State
of Washington has a statute for gov
erning county banks similar to the
Federal penal statutes for the regula
tion of national banks, and Kellogg's
alleged offense is the violation of this
special ttatute.
Kellogg: declares that the effort to
have him taken back to Washington a
prisoner is only for the purpose of com
pelling him to pay claims for which he
is not responsible. He openly declares
that the criminal courts there are being
used as a collection agency, and there
fore he will resist extradition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Iron Bull, Short Bull and other
chiefs from Pine Ridge, Hollow Horn
Bear, Lips, Ruben Quick Bear and
other leading men from Rosebud,
White Ghost, from the Lower Brule
agency, and others are all on the
ground to press their views in the
matter.
Indian delegations from the entire
Sioux nation have been arriving in
great numbers to engage in a council
relating to the Black Hills treaty of
1877. .Many old men who were pres
ent at the councils when the Black
Hills treaty was affirmed maintain
that the commission appointed by the
Government to conclude the treaty
with them promised that the United
States wanted the Black Hills country
only until the gold, silver and other
precious metals could all be taken out.
Of course, In the light of subsequent
developments in the hills, this in itself
would be an indefinite lease, but the
old generation of Indians believes dif
ferently.
The council to be held at Cherry
Creek during the next, week will be in
teresting in many ways. It is cur
rently rumored that the aggressive ele
ment is working to get the majority
of delegates present to adopt a reso
lution of a radical nature. Just what
this final conclusion desired by this
element is cannot be definitely learned,
but sufficient is known to warrant the
statement that if all other means fail
them in securing the restitution of
the Black Hills, they would resort to
armed force.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., July 26. —
The fighting spirl't of the Sioux In
dians is not yet extinct and the war
riors of that tribe may again ap
pear in armed opposftion to the Gov
ernment.
More than a thousand tents are
pitched near the Cherry Creek sub
agency of the Cheyenne River Indian
reservation of South Dakota.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ, July 26.— A sensational
suit which has occasioned much sur
prise In this county has "been com
menced in the Superior Court. Martha
E. Mulliken of Lafayette is the plaintiff
and Martha M. Taylor, sometimes
known as Martha M. Crawford, Mrs.
M. M. Crawford and Marthat Crabtree,
is the defendant.
According to the complaint John Tay
lor, deceased, fell under the Influence of
Mrs.Crabtree and v> as by her induced to
seek and obtain a divorce from his wife
and marry the defendant, he having
full belief that the defendant was an
unmarried woman. Taylor deeded two
tracts of land, comprising about 550
acres and situated near Lafayette, to
the defendant, whom he supposed was
his lawful wife, cutting off his daugh
ter, the plaintiff in the suit, with but
a slight bequest.
The daughter alleges in her complaint
that she did not know the defendant
was married before until some time
after her father died, when E. B. Crab
tree of Alamtda County commenced
suit against Martha Taylor, alias
Crabtree, for a divorce. The prayer of
the plaintiff is that the deeds in ques
tion be declared fraudulent, that a re
ceiver for the property be appointed
and that the estate revert to the true
and lawful heirs of John Taylor.
The property in question Is considered
to be worth about $15,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. July 26. — The sympa
thetic strike at the stockyards will be
completed to-morrow morning. The
belated sanction to the teamsters Join
ing their brother workmen in the gen
eral strike was given to-night by the
officers of the International Teamsters'
Union, and the drivers employed in
the packing industry in Chicago will
Quit work to-morrow. Nearly 100 of
these men struck to-day of their own
volition, refusing to wait for an offi
cial order notifying them that the sym
pathetic strike was indorsed.
While an attack was being made on
colored strike breakers as they were
leaving the stockyards to-night. John
Stokes, one of the strikers, was shot
and mortally wounded by one of the
negroes. Stokes, together with fully
100 companions, it is said, rushed upon
the negroes and one of the latter drew
a revolver and fired into the crowd,
hitting Stokea. The police were close
at hand and succeeded in scattering
the rioters after much difficulty.
During another riot within a hundred
feet of the same place and less than an
hour after the one in which Stokes was
shot, a negro strike breaker was shot
and killed. The rioter escaped before
the police arrived on the Bcene and it
Is not known who is responsible for the
shooting.
Little if any advantage was gained
by either side in the strike to-day and
there was no hope to-night of any im
mediate settlement. Realizing that
they have one of the hardest proposi
tions to contend with in the history of
the packing Industry, the packers are
leaving nothing undone to gain the up
per hand. All day long workmen from
outside points were rushed to Chicago
and taken to the stockyards to fill the
places of the strikers. To-night it was
announced by the packers that 7000
new men were now installed in the dif
ferent plants at the stockyards. With
these new men and with the arrivals
that are expected each day the packers
expect to get their affairs into such
shape that the strikers will be com
pelled to seek a truce.
Although the receipts of livestock to
day were small compared with receipts
en corresponding days under normal
conditions, still many cattle, hogs and
Fheep were left ia the pens to-night
unsold.
DENVER, July 26.— Governor Pea
body to-day issued a proclamation
calling off military rule in Teller Coun
ty and placing the Cripple Creek dis
trict in charge of the civil authorities.
This action was taken by the Gov
ernor In face of opposition from many
influential citizens of Cripple Creek,
who desire to prevent deported union
miners from returning to the district.
Before Issuing his order withdrawing
the trooos, however, the Governor re
ceived assurances from Sheriff Edward
Bell that his forces were able to con
trol the situation.
Military rule was proclaimed in Teller
County on June S in consequence of
disorderly acts following the explosion
at Independence on June 6, by which
many non-union miners were killed and
Injured. Previous to that there had
been a large force of soldiers on duty
for many months in the Cripple Creek
district, but before the explosion oc
curred these had all been withdrawn.
No troops are now under arms any
where in Colorado and good order pre
vails in all the mining camps.
The military expenses of the State
during the past eighteen months, due
to strikes, are said to aggregate about
$1,000,000.
VICTOR. Colo., July 26.— The recall
of the militia to-day marks a new era
for the Cripple Creek district. More
than 4400 miners are working and
nearly every mine is running full hand
ed. The civil authorities are in control
and everything is quiet.
TACOMA, July 26.— A mummified In
dian eight feet tall has been owned by
F. H. Baldle of Tacoma for several
years, but scarcely any one knew about
It until Mrs. Baldle sued for divorce.
She now alleges the mummy Is worth
$2000 and wants It included among
Baldle's assets when the property di
vision Is made. Baldle owns the major
ity of the slot machines operated* In
Tacoma and has a large income from
them.
Mrs. Baldle says her husband paid an
Alaska prospector $2000 for the mum
my. Baldle says It is not a petrified
body of an Indian, but a body prepared
as the Egyptians mummified their
bodies. • 1 . :¦':'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
People Declare That They
Fear the Return of Deport
ed Men to Cripple Creek
Charge Is Made That He Ac
cepted Deposits When the
Institution Was Insolvent
Red Men Believe They Were
Deceived by the Govern
ment in the Pact of 1877
Says Spouse Paid That Sum
for the Grewsome Curio
to an Alaska Prospector
Officers of the International
Body Sanction Walkout in
Sympathy With Butchers
TALK IS THREATENING
VALUES IT AT $2000
CITIZENS COMPLAINING
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGE
Alleges That, at the Time
of Marriage Woman Had
Another Husband Living
TEAMSTERS WILL QUIT
Tribesmen Are Assembling
at Cherry Creek to Dis
cuss Black Hills Treaty
Governor Issues Proclama
tion Terminating Martial
Law in Teller County
1'aken Into Custody at Los
Angeles at Bequest of
Washington Authorities
IS ACCUSED OF FELONY
White Man and Xegro Are
Killed in Conflicts at
the Chicago Stockyards
Woman Suing for a Divorce
Wants Body of Indian
Included in Family Assets
Daughter Brings Suit -to
Recover Property Deeded
by Parent to Second Wife
PEABODY ENDS
SOLDIER RULE
CLAIMS SHARE
IN THE MUMMY
BANK MANAGER
UNDER ARREST
SIOUX LOOKING
FOR TROUBLE
STRIKE RIOTS
END FATALLY
SAYS FATHER
WAS DECEIVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 100*.
3
ADVEimSE>rEXTS.
CASTOR I A
fox Infants and Children.
Tbe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho /^Tr V/&* t /» **
Signature of L&2j c rfff'&£jUAZ.
STATEMENT
OF THE . J
CONDITION' AND AFFAIRS \
OF THE
NEWEN6LAND MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IX THE STATE OF MAS-
¦achusetts, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
tho State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political Cods
of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company $2,109,612 50
Amount of Loans secured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 10.020^273 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities aa
collateral 1.320.940 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken in payment of prem-
iums on policies now in force... 196,659 33
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by the Com-
pany IS. 503. 031 00
Amount of Cash deposited in
Banks 438.317 45
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 2.067 53
Interest accrued but not due 188,383 85
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums 631.503 73
Loans made to policy holders on
Company's policies, asstgmel as
collateral 2.053.770 12
Rents due and accrued 15.SJ4 91
Total Assets J35.7S4.010 50
LIABILITIES. ~
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $208.640 00
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 112.JW1 00
Claims resisted by the Company. . 6.500 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording tj the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with 4 per ceDt interest 31,049,453 81
Amount of all unuai.l dividends
to policy holders 212.647 93
Present value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment policies 53,220 53
Ah other Liabilities 22.003 33
Total Liabilities .$32,369,406 71
INCOME. — — — -
Cash received for premiums on
rew policies during the year.. $649,130 78
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year .... 4.2S2.936 93
Cash received for interest 1.359,103 32
Cash received for rents 13 i, 603 01
Cash received from all other
•ources 8.715 37
Total Income $«. 483. 500 33
EXPENDITURES. " ~ ~~~ ~"
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $2,478,139 73
Cash paid for surrendered policies 492.640 63
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders 549.167 13
Commissions paid to agents S76.933 31
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners. 176.131 43
Salaries and traveling expense*
of managers of agencies 66,733 TO
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 57.371 83
Cash paid for taxes 122.043 13
Cash paid for rents ..% 53,318 30
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions 10,334 7T
All other cash payments " 198.4S2 73
Total Expenditures during the
year ..'. U. 7*1.803 3O
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOCJJtI
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.$223.030 17
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived -durins the year. 17.022 61
Total $213,032 '%
Deductions during th»
year aa follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In payment
-of losses and claims... $22.830 73
1 Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in purchase
of surrendered policies. 5.671 37
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of dividends to policy
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by laps«
of policie* B.9SD T3
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker In casn 13.006 47
Total reduction of
Premium Note Ac-
count $43,333 4j
Balance note assets
at end of the year... $196,659 36
BENJ. F. STEVENS. President,"""
S. F. TRULL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn tp before m« this 17tJ»
day of February. 10O4. -
JACOB A. BAREST, Notary Pubiia.
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will flnd
it Just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should
have tho best. Sold by druggists i a flf-
ty-cent and one-dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this great kidney
remedy, Swamp-Root, and a book that
tells all about It and its great cures, both
sent absolutely free by malL Address Dvj
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. T. When
writing be sure to mention that you
read this generous offer in The Saa
Francisco Daily Call. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address. Binghamton. N. T., on
every bottle.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney' remedy, fulfills every wish In
promptly curing kidney, bladder and
uric acid troubles, rheumatism and pain
In the back. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain In passing It. or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to got up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. . ¦
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mall.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER I
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
DR. KIT^MTSR'S SWAMP-ROOT.
/ ApyERTlSEMENTS.
fidfi^lfc A HOMB OF YOUR OWN j
llfio^oiir credit is 4©od/iil§\
Igjtfron the square
TC*— "Vj"*J Socket — Old Dutch box Seat Dining: *' -- \
Dresser — Quarter design. Quarter Chair Solid !
sawed oak: Kolaen ttn- China Clotct — Quar- sawed oak; weath- oak; golden finish: Chiffonier — Golden I
.'Ish; shaped top 1 ; panel ter sawed oak; 1 - golden ored; massive carv- cane seat; shaped finish: panel sides; brass a
sides; bevel plate mlr- finish: double swell front ing; shaped seat; legs: ban- trimmings; bevel plate N
ror; piano Oif\ QP and sidepan-mnrt r(\ highly ar- (T»n QC Ister 01 OC mlrr °r; h!ghly£7 Or I
A vast selection of exclusive designs. All the leading: factories represented. We list a few items as a *
gruide to price: -,'• ••" ¦-••: r m
China Matting «" <> T'.trSrfifir AH- Wool Inarain 1
V11111U I 1UIUU S fiber. Artistic |ZV>C -**»* " UU1 Alia 1 " 1 " time. Artistic *f\ M
colors. Per yard * i - l /^6*' designs: effective coloring; both large and OL/C W
_ ,,_, . .. small figures. Per yard/. w*^ »
Cottage Carpet p|^||| Wool Velvets |g»VSH7f£
¥^yi&^ J a jg Of «"> artist. Read??? wSk .o™ * Per ,$1.10 I
Agate Pro-Brvsseis'iil^ A^mnistcrs WS^^§
suitable for bedrooms or country homes. Some fll/P Each pattern a chef-d'oeuvre of the carpet Tkl VS I
choice . designs. Per yard .••••¦. designer's art. Per yara »p*«fc*wJ U
C 1 li««.~ T3««*C A^ wool, reversible; 9x12 feet. Large enough for the average room. Very g*1 I in B
ivUP* choice patterns, both floral and Persian. Prices, each khlfl tu II
BBS 7 *\l SI >'Ti '^'J "fea gJ HI I' uu lliirrr 2Uu^» ™7y BB 7»n8gl HOFFICERS OF AND DELEGATES
TO SYXODICAL SOCIETY OF
HOME MISSIONS CONFERENCE.
t
MAYOR APPOINTS STENOGRAPHER.—
Mayor Schmltz yesterday appointed Miss Hen
rietta Botcher as stenographer In his office.
WILIT REPRESENT CITY.— Mayor Schmitit
yesterday appointed J. -W. Raphael to reprenent
the - city of Sxn Francisco at the ceremonies
for the opening of the New- York subway.
OAKLAND, July 26.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Daniel Sullivan,
22. and Lulu Scheiding. 17, both of
Oakland; Jiesmol Cortese, 36, and"
Attilla Anarlnl, 28, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Fire Threatens Press Club.
OAKLAND. July 26. — Quick work
by the Fire Department this morning
paved E. C. Thuher & Co.'s. paint ware
house, 463 Tenth str«»et, and the Oak
land Press Club's quarters from de
struction. The fire was started among
paint buckets by the boiling over of
hot glue. The damage was slight.
BERKELEY, July 24. — Bicycle rid
ers have proved such nuisances by
riding on sidewalks in violation of a
town ordinance that .the Town Trus
tees last night decided to raise the
penalty for violations. Hereafter the
lawbreakers must pay a fine of $5 for
J.heir first offense, $10 for the second,
with a maximum of 550 for the third.
Bicycle Riders Face Penalty.
OAKLAND, July 26.— William J.
Currier, 25 years of age, a machinist,
dropped dead at 8 o'clock to-night at
his residence, 956 Fifth street. A
few minutes before he died Currier
complained of pains In his chest. He
came to 'Oakland three years ago from
Leadvllle, Colo. A wife survives. The
Coroner took charge of the body.
3Iachinlst Drops Dead.
OAKLAND, July 26. —The funeral
of the late William Wagner, the pio
neer capitalist, will be held to-morrow
morning at 11. o'clock from the. f am-,
ily residence, 869 Campbell street. In
terment will be in Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.
William Wagner's Funeral.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Petition for
the probate of the estate of Thomas
B. Walker, who was drowned in the
Truckee River on July 14, was filed by
his widow to-day. He was a traveling
passenger agent for the Southern Pa
cific Company and leaves an estate
valued at about S10.000.
Wants Estate Probated.
OAKLAND. July 26. — A committee
composed of Harry G. Williams, for
the Merchants' Exchange, Edwin
Stearns of the Board of Trade and E.
G. Buswell Jr. of the Native Sons of
the Golden West began a canvass of
the business district to-day to raise
money for the State celebration of Ad
mission day, which will be held In
Oakland.
Canvnss for Celebration Funds.
OAKLAND, July 26. — John Mitch
ell, a schoolboy living with his parents
at 1047 Thirty-eighth street, was bad
ly burned about the face to-day by the
explosion of a cartridge which some
one had thrown into a bonfire about
which he was playing. O'ne of his fin
gers was also cut by a piece of the
flying shell.
Face Burned by Powder.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Ambrose
Merritt, 77 years old, a pioneer un
dertaker of Oakland, died to-day In
San Francisco. He was a past. master
of Brooklyn Lodge, F. and A. M., of
this city, which has taken charge of
the funeral. The body has been
brought to Oakland.
Aged Mason Dies.
BERKELEY, July 26. — The plumb-,
ers of Berkeley will be asked to pay
some bills as voluminous as their own.
The Town Trustees have discovered
that they have failed to pay a fee of
54 on some 150 plumbing jobs in
Berkeley, so they have ordered Town
Attorney Hayne and Sanitary Inspec
tor Haws to begin suit against the re
calcitrants.
Plumbers to Foot Bills.
OAKLAND, July 26. — J. W. Dun
ning of Berkeley was found to be in
sane this morning after an examina
tion and was committed by Judge F.
B. Ogden to the State Hospital at
Napa. He had threatened to burn
down his house and his nephew, J. L.
Kennedy, swore to a camplaint charg
ing him with insanity.
Sent to Naiia.
Gives Readlns Before the Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— Mrs. Isa
i belle McDonald Alden, known In ths
I literary world as "Pansy." gave a read
{ ing thi3 evening at the Twin Lakes
I Baptist assembly.
OAKLAND, July 26. — An axle of an
oil tank car broke this morning a mile
west of San Leandro, stalling a freight
train and blocking main line traffic of
the Southern Pacific Company for
several hours. The. train was run
ning fast at the time the accident oc
curred and several hundred feet of
track and ties were torn up before the
cars were stopped. The Stockton
flyer was sent around by way of Mar
tinez.
Freight Train Stalled.
Will Onranlze a Promotion Committee.
HEALDSBURG, July 26.— The. busi
ness men of this city met last evening
for the purpose of organizing a promo
tion committee. Edward Rowland, of
the Bank of Healdsburg, was elected
temporary chairman and authorized to
appoint a committee of five to draft a
plan of organization.
ALAMEDA, July 26. — Miss Mary E.
Kelly and Miss Mabel Miller, teachers
In the local School Department, have
resigned, both having obtained posi
tions in San Francisco schools. Dr.
George C. Thompson, the newly elect
ed principal of the Alameda High
School, has • moved his family here
from Marysville and will 'reside at
2159 Clinton avenue. Next Monday
the public schools will open for the
fall term.
Alameda Teachers Resign.
Santa Cmz to Have New Gas Company
SANTA CRUZ. July 26.— A new gas
company is being formed here for the
purpose of furnishing gas to local con
sumers. It will be operated by the
light company, which recently built a
big plant on the beach.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Harry Mur
ray, a Pullman car conductor, has
asked the police to assist in the search
for his wife, Jessie Murray, who, it is
charged, eloped with Joaquin Pa
checo. The pair, it is said, were ac
companied by Lizzie Fella and Manuel
Frates. Murray thinks his missing
spouse is at a dance house near Men
dota.
Hushnmi Appeals to Police.
National Oil Company Is Enjoined
HOLLISTER, July 26.— Bourdieu &
Walll, lessees of the E. C. Lully stock
ranch at Bitterwater, have sued out
an injunction against the National Oil
Company of Coalinga to stop the build
ing of a pine line through the Tully
ranch and to recover damages for the
alleged loss of stock and the destruc
tion of feed. The proceedings have
thrown 300 men out of work.
OAKLAND, July 26. — By the col
lapse of a scaffold on the Realty Syn
dicate building, Broadway, near Four
teenth street, four workmen were in
jured to-day, all of them falling fif
teen feet into a mass of timbers and
iron work. ; ¦ • ? • 5
The men were putting up iron lath
ing. Head Lather Bailey and Roy
Smith suffered bad sprains of .the an
kle. W. Donovan and O. S. O'Brien
were cut and bruised. Smith and
O'Brien were sent to their homes.
leathers on the Realty Syndicate
Building Fall Into a Lot of
Timbers and Iron Work.
SCAFFOLDING COLLAPSES
AND WORKMEN ARE HURT
OAKLAND, July 26. — Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins has advised Policeman
Carl E. Kentz, who was arrested at
Shell Mound Park Sunday on a charge
of disturbing: the peace, to resign
from the Police Department and save
himself the notoriety that would be
given him should he be obliged to foee
a meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners. No complaint has yet
been issued. Kentz will probably fol
low the Chief's advice.
Chief Hodgkins Has Talk With Patrol
man Who Mixed in Brawl at
Shell Mound.
POLICEMAN C. E. KENTZ
ADVISED TO RESIGN
ALAMEDA, July 26. — City Clerk James W.
Glllogly has returned from a short vacation
spent at Guerneville.*
Mrs. E. A. Ridley of 1501 Sixth street Is
home from Camp Bonita, Sunol, where she
passed several weeks.
Albert Albers departed yesterday for Men
doclno for a two weeks* outing.
Joseph F. Forderer Jr., son of President J.
F. Forderer of the City Trustees, is nowV at
the family residence, 1212 Regent street, after
spending two months In n, San Francisco hos
pital as a result ot an Injury sustained through
a fall. f
BERKELEY, July 28.— At an afternoon card
party given last Saturday at her home, 220S
Dwjght way, Mies Janet E. Mason, daughter
ot Joseph J. Mason, announced her engage
ment to George F. Emanuels of Los Angeles.
Along with this Interesting news came the an
nouncement that the wedding would take
place In the spring. Hearts were played dur
lns the afternoon, the prizes, going to Miss
Adelaide Bangs and Miss Louise Eastman.
The guests were Mrs. Leo Dungan, Mrs.
W. H. Cameron. Mrs. Frank 1 Simpson, Mrs.
Thomas Clark, Mrs. Adolph B. Cheek, Miss
Hope White, Miss Mabel AVarnick, Miss May
Morrison! MUs Jessie Craig. Miss Helen Rob
inson. Mfes Alice Marsh. Miss Florence Mar
vin, Miss Grace E. Foulds, Miss Martha Leon
ard. Miss Juliette Bennett and Miss Helen
Bennett.
REDDING, July 26.— The blight,
which laid low all the pear orchards of
the Fresno district, has struck the pear
trees of Shasta County. The state
ment is made on authority of C. N.
Tharsing, a skilled orchardist and
member of the Shasta County Horti
cultural Board. Tharsing says that he
has found evidence of the blight In the
Anderson district, in this county, where
seme of the finest and earliest Bartlett
pears of the world are grown, as well
as in the Stillwater district. Tharsing
Is warning the orchardists that unles3
they take prompt action nothing can
stay the effects of the blight.
.Member of County Horticultural
Board Sends Out "Warning to the
Fruit Growers.
BLIGHT STRIKES PEAR
ORCHARDS OP SHASTA
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
President. Mrs. R. B Goddard. San Fran
cl«sco: vice president!!, Miss Janet C. Halght,
Oakland; Mrs. W. T. MacElwee, Madera: Mrs.
H. T. Ames, San Francisco;. Mrs. Samuel
Minor,- Los Angeles: Mrs. T. F. Day, San
Anselmo; Mrs. L. H. Terry, Santa Barbara;
Mrs. M. M. Harding, Sacramento; Mrs. Leon
ard Stocking, Agnew; ,' MUs Julia Say re,
Madera: Mrs. M. Wales, Redlands,
nnd Mrs. Jerrlor, Berkeley; vice presl
dents woman's board, Mrs. R. B. Goddard,
San Francisco, nnd Mrs. Samuel Minor, Los
Angeles: recording secretary. Mrs. J., P.
Prutzman, San Francisco; corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. Walter Mead, San Francisco ;
Young People's secretary. Miss Julia Fraser,
Oakland; secretary of literature, Mrs. A. G.
Garrett, San Francisco: editorial secretary.
Mrs. F. H. Jones. San Francisco: secretary of
Freedmen, Mrs. Dr. Moody. Los Angeles;
financial secretary, Mrs. F. S. Pace. Berke
ley; treasurer of contingent fund, Mrs. G. H.
Bordlck, Oakland; box' secretary. Mrs. F. S.
Barstow. East Oakland; • advisory committee.
Mrs. L. T. Hatfleld, Mrs. J. B. Hume, Mrs. E.
C. Kroll. Mrs. W. H.- Darden. Miss M. E.
Boyce. Miss Grace H. de Fremery. ¦ Mrs. Hugh
Gllrhrlst, Ban Anselmo; Mrs. J. H. "Whistler,
Berkeley; Mrs. Charles Newhall, Berkeley;
Mrs. Brinkerhoff and Mrs. . Perkins.
Immediately after the close of the
business meeting, a reception was ten
dered to Mr. and Mrs. Herbert F.
Coolidge, of Palo Alto, and Mrs. M. H.
Gilchrist, of Los Angeles, who have
just received appointments as mis
sionaries. Mrs. Coolidge was formerly
secretary of the Young Women's
Christian Association, and gave up her
office to accept the appointment.
The conference opened with devo
tional services, conducted by Mrs. D.
A. Mobley, after which Mrs. .W. H. H.
Hamilton, State delegate to the Gen
eral Assembly at Buffalo, delivered an
address on the work of the assembly.
Mrs. D. N. Ross spoke on "Missionary
Impressions," after which Mrs. R. B.
Goddard, president of the society,
read her report for the last quarter.
This report showed that much progress
has been made by the organization
during the year, and that during the
last three months several missionaries
have been dispatched to new fields. A
brief report by the treasurer showed a
handsome balance at the close of the
last quarter.
The morning session closed with the
reception to the new missionaries,
after which luncheon was served by a
number of the younger members. Sev
eral brief addresses were made during
the progress of the luncheon, the
speakers and their subjects being as
follows:
"Our New Missionary. Herbert F. C0Q4.
ldge," Charles Duncan of Stanford Unl-reisity;
••Mrs. Coolldge, retiring set;c;«ry of the
Ycur.p Women's Christian Association," Mias
Persls Holman of Palo AHu; "Harriet Brown,
8tate secretary Ycu.ik Women's Christian As
sociation," M'.bs l.ucia Robinson: "California
Young Peoule," Dr. .Had lock of Springfield.
Mans.: "Young People In Missions," Miss Edna
Klnard.
The afternoon programme was short,
consisting of addresses by Miss Min
nie Shaver, of Tucson, Ariz., and Mrs.
H. F. Coolidge. , During the morning
and afternoon sessions, vocal solos
were rendered by Miss Irma Momberg.
Miss Amv Rlnehart, Miss Dora M.
Fish, Mrs. J. 13. Whitehead and
Clement P. Rowlands. ;
The officers of the California Synodi
cal Society are:
OAKLAND, July 26.— Nearly 300 dele
gates from all parts of the State at
tended a conference and luncheon of
the California Synodical Society of
Home Missions of the Presbyterian
church, which was held this afternoon
in the parlors of the First Presbyter
ian church.
This move by Berkeley philanthro
pists looks to a reorganization of the
settlement work of which Mrs. Phebe
Hearst was formerly the patron.
The directors are Hart Greensfelder,
E. J. Wickson, J. W. Richards.
Thomas F. Dowd, Christian Hoff, Er
nest C. Moore, S. D. Waterman, Ed
ward. L. Parsons. J. T. Renas, Friend
William Richardson and Louis Titus.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Articles of in
corporation of the West Berkeley Uni
versity Settlement Association were
filed with the County Clerk to-day.
The purpose of the corporation as set
forth in the articles Is to establish and
maintain a settlement which shall be
a residential center for the betterment
of the young people of the town of
Berkeley.
Berkeley Philanthropists Take Steps
Looking Toward Reorganization
of Important Undertaking.
INCORPORATE TO CARRY
ON SETTLEMENT WORK
Mary H. Neiney iwidow) to John H. Nerney
(sen), lot on K line of Fallon street. 125 & of
Seventh, S 23 by E 10W. Oakland; gilt.
Mary C. and James L. liarker (husband an-i
as attorney) to W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer,
lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street. USl W of
Grove, W 4« by S VJu:X portion lots 7 and 8.
block C, property of Central Land Company.
Oakland; Jlu.
Emil and Henrietta Koertner to T. P.
"Wright, lot on N line of 30th »treet. 700 E of
Grove. E 10 by N 110. portion lot 41, block
2i)Zo, Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Ignatius L. O'Kourke et ala. to Richard IS
Montgomery (single), lot on NVV corner of
Fortieth street and Telezraph avenue, N 30,
W 10U. N bl>. W 20. M 110. W 40. S 2Ul). £
lttO. portion lots 1 and 2. map Montgomery
Tract No. 1. Oakland; $10.
Mabel Lansevin (single) to Lillian M. At
kinson (wife of EL T.). undivided one-half of
lot on \V line of Fontainebleau avenue. 125 M
of East Fifteenth street, N 100 by W Io9:9,
block :«. map FontaJnebleau Tract. Eaat Oak
land; 510.
J A. and Emily V. Marshall to Adam Axx.
lot 26. block C, Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Georze E. and Eva W. Littlefleld to S. D.
Ayera iwidower) lot on S line of Ward »treet.
1«» W of Ellsworth, W SO by 3 134 :«, portion
lots 12 and 13. block C, map 8 portion or
Blake Tract, deed given to set aaide agree
ment in MO P. 16T. Berkeley; $10.
John and Julia Lavelle, Cornellu» Donovan
(wi lower) to Alexander Robertson, lot on N
line of Stuart street. 50 E of McGee. E 40 by
N 133 portion lot 6. block 4, Stats TJnlverittjr
Homestead No. 3, Berkeley; $100.
Mary H. and James N. Abbay to Elian Bar
nett (single), lot on E line of Stanford avenue.
Ill 40 S of Essex street. S 58.43. E 124.33. N
52.50. W 90.17. lot 7. block P. amended map
Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10. ,
Frederick and Anna C. Bammana to Sarah
A. Roundy (wife of Alvln). lot on N Una <? f
Encinal avenue (since widening). SO E oS
Willow street. E 50 by N «O. lot 6, in W V»
of block E, lands adjacent to Encinal. Ala-
Mary J. and Joseph Stark to Frederick E.
Schmits lot on N'W corner of Moss avenua
and Ruby street K 125:8. W 43. 8 113:5. B
45-9. lot 43. and portion af lots 42 and 4*.
Oakland Railroad Homestead. Oakland; $2300.
John Nicholl and O. E. Hotchktss (executor*
estate George H. Barrett) to Edwin Suther
land, all Interest In lot at Intersection of NW
line of Twenty-seventh avenue with 8W lin»
of right of way of Southern Pacific Railway
Company. N'W 10 by SW 50, lots 0 and 10.
bk-ck li, KnowlPs & Hotter subdivision ot
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland; $1430.
Edwin and Anna M. Sutherland to Joaa
Johnson, same; $10.
Alamcda County.
TUESDAY, JULY IK.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SANTA CRUZ. July 26.— The Grand
Stamm of Red Men completed its work
to-day with the election of the follow
ing grand officers: Grand ober chief,
H. Schulz of San Francisco; grand sub
chief, H. Griele, San Francisco; grand
vice chief, G. Ritter, Sacramento;
grand chaplain, J. "Wunder. Sacra
mento; grand secretary, M. Fuetscher,
San Francisco; grand treasurer, F.
Schneider, Sacramento; grand trustees,
D. Cohn, J. Rumetsch and P. H. Schrei
ber of San Francisco.
' Grand Treasurer Schneider reported
that $7500 had been disbursed for sick
benefits during the past year and $425
for funeral expenses. The net surplus
remaining in the treasury Is $76,500.
A banquet was given this evening in
honor of the Grand Stamm.
to Direct Affairs of Body Dur
ing Coming Term.
H. Schulz of San 'Francisco Is Chosen
GRAND STAMM OP RED 3IEX
XA3IES ITS NEW OFFICERS
The three daughters of Colonel P. A.
FInigan have bested the attorneys of
their father in a suit for a piece of
Berkeley property. In a decision to-day
by Judge F. B. Ogden, Attorneys
George N. Williams and James P.
Sweeney are required to give back to
them a block of realty worth $4000 in
consideration of the payment of a $500
fee.
The land was deeded to the attor
neys as security for their fee for de
fending FInigan in a divorce action
brought against him. When Finigan
was, ready to settle with his attorneys
he tendered them the $500, but they
claimed that the land had been given
to them outright and refused to give
it back. The land was the property of
Lillian, Maude and Mary Finigan, the
daughters, who deeded the land to the
attorneys to help their father. In the
decision handed down to-day Judge
Ogden holds that the deed was a trust
deed and that upon the payment of the
$500 the land must be reconveyed to the
young women.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 26.
Not long ago Mr. Chase learned that
Mrs. Lincoln was in San Francisco. A
visit followed, with then a mutual ex
change of confidences, and finally it
ended, as all Romances do, in marriage.
Last night sa : the culmination of it
all, when they were married by the
Rev. B. F. Sargent at "his parsonage.
After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Chase
took the train for the East. Mr. Chase
is fifty-one years old and his bride fifty.
He is from Vermont and is investing
in Berkeley property. The couple's per
manent residence will be in the col
lege town.
Twenty years ago Frank D. Chase
and Mrs. Atlanta J. Lincoln lost sight
of each other in the whirl of the world.
In the Eastern city where they were
born they had been raised together and
they went to the same school, manu
factured the same mud pies and danced
In the same company when they grew
up.
But matrimony finally parted the
childhood friends. He married and she
married and they drifted asunder, so
that they knew nothing of each other
for a long time. In time he amassed
a fortune by hard work and a year
ago came to California to live, his wife
having died In the meantime. The hus
band of his childhood's friend had
passed away, too, though neither knew
that the other was widowed.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, July 26.
Frank D. Chase and Friend
of His Schoolboy Days in
the East Are Married
Williams and Sweeney, At
torneys, Must Give Back
the Land Held as Security
NEW YORK, July 26. — Insurance
enterprise has just taken up a new
field in this city, where several prom
inent companies have made offers for
the business of retail butchera and
grocers, victims of continued thefts of
horses, amounting to. a total loss In
eighteen months of nearly J7»,000. and
the butchers and grocers have decided
to insure their horses and wagons
against theft. ....-,.
New York Concerns Branch Into New
Field and Find Many
Clients.
COJIPANIES THAT NOW
INSURE AGAINST THEFT
MEET AND WED
AFTER YEARS
FINIGAN GIRLS
WIN PROPERTY
The celebration next Thursday will
consist of a barbecue, automobile and
horse races and various athletic sports.
A number of speeches will also be
made. Those in charge of the celebra
tion are L. M. Grant, William Richards
and J. Murray. Superior Judge William
S. Wells, W. S. Rheem, State Senator
C. M. Belshaw and others will speak.
POINT RICHMOND, July 26.— The
new street railway, which connects the
two parts of Richmond and which will
connect with the San Pablo line of the
Oakland Transit Consolidated system,
will begin operations Thursday. The
citizens of Richmond are preparing for
a big celebration in honor of the event.
The new corporation Is known as the
East Shore and Suburban Street Car
Company. It is believed to have the
backing of the Standard Oil people. Its
present line begins at the Standard Oil
Works and passes through the business
section of the hill town and then runs
out Macdonald avenue to the Southern
Pacific depot, in the new town of Rich
mond.
Citizens of Point Richmond to Cele
brate Opening of New Street
Railway.
WTLL WELCOME FIRST
CAR ON NEW ROAD
SAN JOSE. July 28.— Th« passenger
train which leaves her© at 4:30 a. m.
collided with an engine and freight
cars Just east of the Guadalupe Creek
bridge as it was leaving: this city. Two
freight cars were demolished and the
front of the passenger engln© was
smashed. No one was Injured. Th»
passenger train was almost brought to
a stop before it struck the freight cars.
Engineer Marsh was making up a
freight train from two sections of a
train that had Just come in and the
trains were so long it was necessary
to use the main line. As there is a
curve at the point the engineer on th»
passenger train could not se» th«
freight until it was almost upon It.
The passengers were Jarred a little by
the sudden stopping of the train. A,
two hours* delay to the passenger train
was caused by the wrecked freight
cars.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Travelers Who Were Occupy
ing the Coaches Receive a
Scare and Shaking Up
CREW ESCAPES INJURY
San Jose Passenger Train
Crashes Into Them Near
Guadalupe Creek Bridge
The claim of Nelda King, whose
mother, Mrs. Grace' English, was left
an annuity, was not considered In the
recent compromise. Mrs. English died
and the daughter claims that the an
nuity should descend to her and wants
$60,000 held in reserve to satisfy her
claim.
When the decision was given by
Judge Seawell it was In accordance
with a general compromise arrived at
by fourteen heirs of the estate, which,
it was thought, had the consent of one
or two heirs not Included In the com
promise. This, it now transpires, was
a conclusion drawn without warrant
and the dissatisfied ones, through the
California Title and Trust Company, the
present trustee of the estate, are to
appeal to the higher court.
The litigation has continued for four
teen years, and the compromise ar
rived at last* May was in accordance
with terms offered the various con
testants seven years ago. The estate
was originally appraised at about $.500,
000 and went to eighteen different heirs.
The whole estate, however, has been
held together by the trustees in the
face of the opposition of fourteen of
the heirs, who wished to have the es
tate distributed so that they might be
given their shares. The pretext for
holding the estate together was found
in the fact that annuities were to be
paid to Emily A. V. Brownell of $.75
a month, Frances Raleigh of $100 a
month and Harriet A. Loomis of $75 a
month. The claim of the heirs was
that only a sufficient sum to enable
payment of these annuities should be
held together, instead of the entire es
tate, and according to the recent com
promise but $25,000 Is necessary for this
purpose, and the balance was to be
distributed to the heirs.
The litigation over the estate of the
late Thomas Varney of Livermore has
broken out afresh. Notice of an ap
peal from the decision handed down
by Judge Seawell of San Francisco last
May was filed with the County Clerk
this afternoon. The entire matter of
the trust, which is holding together
an estate of $325,000, will be threshed
out before the highest tribunal in the
State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 26.
Trouble In getting the body of Mlch
ae-L Ahcarn, which was found in the
Truckee River a few days ago, has
caused an appeal to be made to the
District Attorney's office here by the
relatives of the dead man. They want
the actions of Coroner Updyke of
Washoe County, Nevada, investigated.
They intimate that the body was held
for money, and when coin was not sent
the body was buried.
Mrs. John Martin, a daughter of
Ahearn, told Deputy District Attorney
W. II. L. Hynes to-day that in answer
to a query as to how much it would
cost to have the remains sent to this
city she had received a reply thAyit
would cost $85. To this she agreed.
Later it developed that more than $100
was found on Ahearn's person. A mes
sage was sent to Mrs. Martin that it
would be all right and that the body
would leave Reno Saturday last. A
local undertaker met the train at the
Sixteenth-street depot on Sunday
morning, but the body did not arrive.
Another telegram was sent and . a
replv was received Informing the rela
tives that Jf they wanted the body they
must send $100. Irvvlew of the former
messages the whole affair had a pe
culiar look to the family. They re
fused to send any money, and in the
meantime the remains have been buried
at Reno. The District Attorney of
Washoe County, Nevada, has been
communicated with and he has prom
ised that an investigation will be made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 26,
Allen lived In San Francisco many
years— until his wife died. Then he
went to L<js Angeles. He became en
gaged in the purchase and sale of real
estate in the southern city. One morn
ing about eleven years he made a
strange acquaintance in the office of
another dealer. He had just entered
for the purpose of transacting some
business, when the announcement of
his name caused a stranger who was
in the place to step up to him and
question him regarding his blood rela
tions.
When he had answered everything
the stranger Informed him that he and
his brother were heirs to an immense
fortune in England. The stranger said
he was the JCew York agent of some
English solicitors and that for nearly
two years he had been making an ef
fort to find the two brothers. Their
uncle Edmond had made a will leaving
all his money to his maiden sister, who
went to keep house for him. The will
also orovided that when the woman
died the property should be given to
his tw6 nephews. The maiden sister
followed her brother to the grave very
shortly. An effort was made to locate
the two brothers, from whom the uncle
had not heard since he abandoned the
sea and went to England to live. The
English solicitors applied to New York
and their agent came West. After look-
Ing over San Francisco he went to Los
Angeles and called on the real estate
man, who was a boyhood friend of his,
when the chance meeting with the ob
ject of his search took place.
Allen heard little more from the es
tate until two years ago. when the New
York agent Informed him that a woman
had proved the right to the title of the
uncle's wife and had been allowed a
third interest In the estate. About one
month ago Allen received a communi
cation from this woman asking him to
come to Manchester and marry her
and that the estate would all be settled
within sixty days. She said she would
forward a draft to pay the painter's
expenses, and this he is expecting
every day. Ht haa not given any deci
sion on the proposition of marriage,
but says he will certainly go to Eng
land and make his showing for the es
tate. He exDects to be enriched by
about $100,000. ?
FORTUNE FOUND ALLEN.
The boys were reared In Vermont,
and when the uncle's ship touched an
American port he came to see them,
and always reminded them of a
promise he had once made that
some time they should share what pos
sessions, he might acquire. The older
Allen bwame one of the part owners
In the line for which he had been em
ployed and acquired a fortune. This
he invested in Manchester property.
When he tired of the sea he settled in
the English city and prepared to en-
Joy the remainder of his days. He had
always been a woman hater and never
married. When he desired to establish
a home he came to Vermont, where a
maiden sister resided. He made ar
rangements for her to return to Eng
land and keep house for him.
All this happened many years ago.
•"Both Fred Allen and his brother went
to the civil war soon afterward, and
while Fred languished in Llbby Prison
William was killed on the battlefield.
Before the war had ended Fred re
ceived the news of his mother's death,
and after he got his discharge he did
not return to his Vermont home, but
came West and married.
Allen had one brother, William F.
Allen, and the two were favorites with
their uncle, Edmond Allen, the captain
of a British ship plying between Eng
land and New York.
Then Allen began to tell his story-
He continually called the captain of a
phantom ehip to wait for him as he
had a. stateroom reserved and wanted
to sail at once for England. In expla
nation he told the captain of the for
tune that awaited him and that he
was going to claim it.
As soon as the operation had been
completed and consciousness was re
stored one of the physicians In a jok
tng way told Allen what he had said,
remarking that a man's brain evolves
peculiar Ideas while the soothing drug
1* acting on it. Allen then said that
what he had spoken was the truth,
that an immense fortune awaits him
in England and that he expects to start
shortly to claim it and to consider a.
proposal of marriage from a woman
who is to be a joint heir, but of whom
he never heard until one year ago.
UNCLE LOVED BOYS.
While under the Influence of anes
thetics at the Ileceiving Hospital this
afternoon, Frederick Waldo Allen of
472 Eighth Btreet, a well-known con
tracting painter, told the etory of a
$100,000 fortune that awaited him In
England. The tale seemed so romantic
hlB listeners smiled and accredited his
words to the peculiar power of the
drug. Later, when Allen was aroused
and informed of the utterances he veri
fied !t all with correspondence and doc
uments, and what he had revealed un
der the drug proved to be true.
Allen visited Berkeley this afternoon
for the purpose of securing a contract
for painting a building now in process
of construction. He stepped out on a
piece of scaffolding when one of the
•supports snapped and he was thrown
to the ground, twenty-five feet below.
His right shoulder was dislocated and
he was sent to the Receiving Hospital.
The 'physicians put the patient under
the influence of chloroform.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101$ Broadway, July 26.
FREIGHT CARS
ARE WRECKED
District Attorney Is Asked
to Investigate the Case
and He Promises Action
Will Soon Leave for City
of Manchester . to Claim
an Estate Worth §100.000
Compromise Upon Which
the Judgment Had Been
Based Fails to Hold
HEIRS ARE AT OUTS
HEIR IS AGED PAINTER
APPEAL TO AUTHORITIES
His Relatives Claim the
IJemains Were Held by
Nevada Coroner for Money
While Under Anesthetic
Fred W. Allen Keveals
Story That Is Verified
Appeal to Be Taken From
Decision Handed Down by
Judge Seawell Last May
After Discussing Many Business Questions Those Assembled
Take Part in Social and Reception— Luncheon and Brief Ad
dresses on Features of Society's Work End the Deliberations
* - L - : : — ¦ *
TROUBLE OVER
AHEARN BODY
TELLS ROMANCE
OF A FORTUNE
VARNEY SUIT
OPENS AGAIN
HUNDREDS OF DELEGATES ATTEND
SYN0DICAL MISSION CONFERENCE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
4
ADVEHTISKJIEVrS.
¦ss^gr ~maior md urn & ¦¦ indescribable fear, for
lj ej u uko an child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts OTer her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob»
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment -is a god-send to all women at tho
of their most critical trial. Not only. does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- _*__.
$1.00 per bottle. Book *^
containing valuable information free. jBC"* JE5& SS^"Mk W j^^
The Bradfield Regulator Co.. Atlanta, Ga. f §aftJJ!L f?X3 tLS
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North ~1»
ALA3LEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephore Alaxneda 559.
OAKLAND.
1010 Broadway.
BRAKCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYConsider Railway Assessments.
SACRAMENTO, July 26.— The assess
ment of the coast lines of the Atchison,
Topeka . and Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany and the assessment of the South
ern California Railway were considered
by the State Board of Equalization to
day. ' ¦ - j^^aSS^S^^s
Ye Okie English Inn.
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules'. That's alL •
Daring Bobbers Raid a Ranch.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 26.— A gang of
robbers . who have been making their
headquarters in the Canado del Oro of
the Catalina Mountains rode up to the
Bayliss ranch, thirty' miles north of
Tucson, Monday and robbed four men
of their watches and about $200 in
money. ' .
R. H. Baker was arrested yes
terday afternoon in front of the
Crocker building. He is a millionaire
from Eau Claire, WIs. He chartered a
hack early In the day, and the time he
had with it is beyond ; expression- in
words. He had '.money t to burn and
his mood was incendiary. Bartenders
along 'the cocktail route fainted from
the exertion of ringing up cash, regis
ters whenever Baker was in sight.
¦Unfortunately for the saloon trade
Baker dipped up a few Jolts of noisy
booze. Two burly policemen at Mar
ket and Montgomery streets found him
shouting defiance to the hurrying
throngs and remonstrated with him.
The hackman leaned far over his seat
and bade him be quiet. Baker, how-,
ever, was still on' the warpath, so the
policemen quietly drew him from the
vehicle and gave him a ride in a blue
wagon to the. Southern station. Later
he was bailed out by friends, but the
four-hour law about, drunks was
rigidly enforced against him, so Baker
had a refreshing nap.
R. H. Baker of Ban Claire Travels the
Cocktail Route and Spends Four
Hours hi Jail.
Death Summons a Bank President.
STOCKTON, July 26.— J. M. Welsh,
president of the San Joaquln Valley
Bank and manager of the Stockton
Milling Company, died here this morn-
Ing after a lingering Illness. It is be
lieved that his estate will appraise close
to $1,000,000. .
WISCONSIN MILLIONAIRE
ARRESTED AS A DRUNK
WILD CARRY CONTEST
TO .THE HIGHEST COURT
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court of California has granted a peti
tion for a writ of error in the Cornelia
Campbell estate proceedings and the
matter will be carried to the United
States Supreme Court. The action was
commenced to test the constitution
ality of the collateral Inheritance tax
law. The State' Supreme Court held
the measure to be valid, and after
granting a rehearing again affirmed
the constitutionality of the provision.
The United States Supreme Court will
hear arguments on the case Septem
ber 16.
The contested law imposes a tax of
5 per cent on legacies to those who
are not heirs of the decedent in a di
rect line. Thus brothers and sisters
of deceased persons must pay the tax
while fathers and sons are exempt.
Assistant District Attorney Harris will
represent the State at the hearing at
Washington.
SAN JOSE, July 26.— Miss Cornelia
Watrous, a popular young lady of this
city, died at the home of her aunt,
Mrs. M. J. Hartman, this morning after
a long illness. She was a native of
California, 21 years of age, and a stu
dent at the State Normal School. She
formerly resided in San Francisco and
on the death of her parents came to
San Jose. Her remains will be taken
to Jackson. Amador County, for inter
ment.
Death of a Popular Student.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 25.— Report
reaches here that H. B. Seely was ar
rested in Bisbee, charged with hav
ing passed bogus checks to the amount
of $250 while intoxicated. After his
arrest he was very much humiliated
and immediately telegraphed to rela
tives in New York for money to square
things. .It is not believed here that
any serious punishment will be in
flicted, for it seemed he did not Intend
to defraud.
An unfortunate circumstance oc
curred in connection with the incidant.
Seely was seen previously in the com
pany of A. L. Bagnell, a nephew of
Governor Brodie and a respected em
ploye of the Copper Queen Company.
The arresting officer, mistaking the de
scriptions of the two men, arrested
Bagnell. who was entirely Innocent,
but who was subjected to some hu
miliation in the matter before he was
released.
Seely passed through Phoenix some
weeks ago .en route to Bisbee, and ac
quaintances here who have known him
a long time say he is the same young
man who gave the "Seely dinner."
which was raided by the police in New
York a few years ago. Having spent
much money, he came West to begin
life over.
Ends His life With Poison.
LOS ANGELES, July 26 ai. T. Or
cutt, a well-known oil man. ended his
life in a room at a Main street hotel by
taking poison some time between Mon
day night and to-day noon. His body
was found by M. il. Davison, a real es
tate operator, who had been summoned
by a letter written and posted by Or
cutt Monday night. It Is supposed ha
took strychnine, as a glass containing
a powder thought to be strychnine was
found near the bed. Orcutt was 58
years old.
BERKELEY, July 26. — Mrs. Emily
B. Ryder, mother of Town Trustee
Morgan L. Ryder, died suddenly last
night at the family home, 2619 Shat
tuck avenue. She did not appear as
usual this morning and when a mem
ber of the family visited her room to
ascertain the cause she/ was found ly
ing dead in bed. A physician was
summoned, but death had come sever
al hours before. A weakened heart,
following a cold, is supposed to have
been the cause of death. Mrs. Ryder
was 81 years of age.
Trustee's Mother Dies Suddenlj.
SPOKANE, July 27.— George F. Ham
mond, one of the bandits who dyna
mited a Northern Pacific passenger
train near Bear Mouth, Mont., on the
night of June 16, has made a full con
fession to Sheriff Doust of this county
and the officials of the railroad com
pany. The confession has been signed
by Hammond, and to-night he is be
ing taken back 'to Montana for trial.
The highwayman says the booty was
about $3500 in money and about 400
small diamonds. In the division he got
all the diamonds and $1500 cash. The
bandit guided the officers to his cache
near Coeur d'Alene City Sunday and
then dug up 350 diamonds and $255 in
money. To-day he guided the officers
to another cache near Hillyard, where
$169 more was recovered.
Hammond says that he and his part
ner stole the dynamite with which they
blew open the express car, and that
they had more than fifty pounds of it.
He tells substantially the same story
of tjie robbery that was given by the
train crew at the time. After the rob
bery the bandits went into the moun
tains south of the track and later they
walked all the way to Wallace in the
Coeur d'Alenes. There Hammond
bought a suit of clothes. He came to
Harrison by rail and then by boat to
Coeur d'Alene City. Later he came In
to Spokane. Here he was betrayed by
a companion with whom he became
associated after the robbery and was
arrested.
A man named Davis also was hurt.
"Mayor" Smith alone escaped unhurt.
NEW YORK. July 2S.— Losing his
nerve by grazing the fender of a trol
ley car, "Mayor Bill" Smith of New
market/ N. J., narrowly escaped tho
fate of his sister and brother-in-law,
Charles L. Fair and wife.
Smith's automobile crashed into a
tree, in West Front street yesterday
evening and he and three other occu
pants of the touring car were thrown
to the pavement. Miss Emily Mehr of
New York City was so badly hurt that
she was unconscious for two hours.
Miss Anna Marsh of Jersey City was
stunned, her head striking the curb.
She also was cut about the face and
neck.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Road Agent Hammond, Who
Dynamited North Pacific
Train, Makes Confession
New Yorker Whose Dinner
Party Was Eaided by the
Police Again in Trouble
"Mayor" of Newmarket, Xew;
Jersey, Gets Excited and
Drives Auto Against Tree
Few men In the navy were more
beloved or more highly respected
than Admiral Taylor. As chief of the
Bureau of Navigation he was a most
popular official. He fulfilled the duties
of this important assignment since
April, 1902.
Admiral Taylor was one of the
younger rear admirals. He was pro
moted to be rear admiral February 11,
1901. He had an honorable and active
record.
SUDBURY. Ontario, July 26.— Rear
Admiral H. G. Taylor of the .United
States navy, who commanded ylhe In
diana at the battle of Santiago, died at
Copper Cliff General Hospital at 8:15
to-night of peritonitis.
YOUNG SEELY
LANDS IN JAIL
"BILL" SMITH
BAD CHAUFFEUR
TELLS STORY
OF ROBBERY
REAR ADMIRAL
TAYLOR GOES
TO FINAL REST
LED BY. A BOY'S LETTER,
POLICE FIXD A MYSTERY
The Board of Police Commissioners
experienced a change of heart last
night and before the adjournment of
Its meeting six lack drivers' licenses
were issued to 31-union handlers of
the ribbons. , 1 \ recipients of this
favor are Willian. 1 D. Hughes, H- A.
Martin. Thomas Smith, C. G. Brad
ford, H. H. Smith and Thomas F.
Glynn. The petition of P. J. Curtln
for a license was the only one denied.
Representatives of the Citizens' Al
liance were present to lend moral
support to the non-union applicants
lor licenses. They were pleased wltj*
the outcome. To round out the night's
work Bush Finnell, counsel for the
Citizens' Alliance, demanded that the
board revoke the hackdrivers' licenses
now held by Joseph, better known as
* Kid." Egan, Matthew J. Gallagher
and John Walsh.
Though Finnell offered to produce
Police Court records showing that
Epan was not a fit person to hold a
driver's license and prove that the
other two named were also unworthy
of such favor at the hands of the com
mission, the board refused to hsar the
charges and continued the cases until
next Tuesday evening. The police
have been directed to locate Egun and
*erve him and the others with cita
tions to be at the meeting.
The hack drivers disposed of. the
commission * took up the charge
against Patrolman George O. Brown.
Brown is accused of having been ab
sent from his beat for one hour and
five minutes, or at least failing to re
port at the station for that length of
tim*». After these facts were testified
to the case was continued to the next
meeting to enabie Brown to summon
witnesses to endeavor to prove that
he has been falsely accused.
The board then began a slaughter
of saloon licenses and before the meet
ing adjourned a goodly number were
revoked and several institutions wiped
from the city's business directory.
The licenp? of Georg.- D. Somerset,
Mho conducted a den at the northeast
corner of Pine and Dupont streets, was
iirst revoked. John Pero, a sculptor,
set forth that Grace, wife of the pro
prietor, had relieved him of about 5100.
Somerset pleaded absence at the time
of the commission of the offense, but
the testimony of Grace was more dam
aging to her than was that of the
prosecution. Grace was led away in
tears when the judgment "license re
voked" was recorded.
Because his electric piano banged
f> way at divers tunes during the other
wise quiet hours of the morning, the
license of Abraham Becker, whose re
eort graced 236 Grant avenue, was
tak«»n from him. Becker left the rooms
of the commission muttering that he
would pet, even.
The Inharmonious piano that amused
the cuests of Benjamin Santos' saloon
at iCC}a Pacific street cost him his
license. The hour of its last produc
tion was - a. m. It will annoy no
more.
A trombone, blared to the accompa
niir.ont of an untuned piano, lost for
Joseph Judis of 231 Townsend street
his license. The harmony of the duet
was pronounced by the witnesses as
not only execrable, but brutally pro
longed.
Charges preferred against Marc Au
ccnblick, who held forth at 1S60 Polk
street, were of such nature that the
board heard them behind closed doors.
At the conclusion of the trial Augen
blfck's license was ordered revoked
forthwith.
I»iM*>Ter Body of Infant Burled
in a Ix>t — Arresta
Follow.
Patrolman* Edward Stanton of the
Seventeenth-Etreet station, who resides
ax £2 Whftney street, received a note
yesterday afternoon from a boy who
eigned himself Norman McGlinn. say
ing that if the policeman would search
in a yard at Z0 Whitney street he would
come across something criminal. Stan
ton took the note to the station and
Lieutenant' Price dnd Patrolman Fo
garty accompanied him to the place des
ignated, which is In a lonely neighbor
hood n*ar Sanchez street. The house
is divided into two flats. The lower
flat was occupied by the McGlinns and
the upper by a Mrs. McKenzie. Both
these tenants have moved to 366 Lex
ington avenue. After digging in several
places in the yard the police officers
<^une across the body of a female child
prematurely born and in a bad state
of decomposition. From a hasty exam
ination it is believed that the body has
been in the ground a week. Detectives
Fitzgerald, Ryan and Taylor have been
detailed on the case.
Detective Fitzgerald late last even-
in?: arrested I. H. Burbank and his
v. ifp Bertha, who also were known as
McGUnn, at their home on Lexington
revenue. They are the parents of the
boy whose letter led to the investiga
tion.
August Geber, who shot and killed
the Hartman brothers, George and
Charles, at their home on Third
etreet on the morning of Sunday,
July 10. manifested keen interest in
the preliminary hearing of the mur
der charge agulnst him, which was
begun before Police Judge Conlan.
He sat beside his attorney, ex-Judge
Low, and his piercing dark eyes
were steadily directed at the face of
each witness on the stand. Occasion
ally he plucked his counsel's sleeve
as If to call his attention to some
exaggeration or omission in the tes
timonj', all of which was for the
prosecution, and once he sharply
commanded Policeman Tyrell to re
peat fully some language which trys
witness credited him with having ut
tered immediately after his arrest.
Early in the proceeding the de
fendant impudently answered the
Judge's query as to his name, but
afterward apologized through his at
torney. In reply to the question,
he said that Geber was his name at
the time he -was arrested.
"But what is your name now —
your true name?" the Judge asked.
"Never you mind what my true
name is," wa< the response, and its
tone was reflective of irritability.
Ex-Judge Low then apoligized on
behalf of his client, who. he said, did
not want to bring disgrace upon his
relatives by disclosing his identity.
The story of the shooting of George
Hartman as told at the Coroner's in
quiry was repeated. Policeman Tyrell
testified that when he arrested Geber
the latter said he shot in self de
fense, as the Hartman boys had called
him an opprobious name.
"Well, why don't you speak it out —
tell what I said!" exclaimed the de
fendant.
The officer repeated the unprintable
epithet, and Geber nodded approv
inglj'. Testimony for the defense will
be heard to-day.
When the little boy's parents quar
reled and agreed to dwell apart It
was arranged that he should re
main In his mother's care and that
his father should visit him once a
week. But the child was not inform
ed of that arrangement, and when
several evenings passed without
bringing home the big man who had
always been so kind to him he asked
mamma for enlightenment, but she
did not give It. Then he made up his
mind to investigate for himself, and
with that end in view he started out
last Monday afternoon and walked
to the workshop where daddy had
once proudly introduced him to ever
so many other big men. There he
found daddy and chided him for
neglecting mamma, who did not
seem to be happy when he failed to
appear for supper. Daddy patted the
tousled head, and by promising to
go home that night induced the child
to permit himself to be escorted back
to mamma by Arthur Hughes, a fel
low workman. That's how Arthur
Hughes came to be arrested and
charged with abduction.
When the mother missed the little
boy she jumped at the conclusion that
he had been kidnaped by his father,
and at once unfolded her belief and
gave a description of the child to the
first policeman she met. The vigi
lant officer kept his eyes open, and
son they were rewarded by seeing
Arthur Hughes leading by the hand
the very little boy that had been
minutely described to him. So he
arrested the man and restored the
child to its mother.
When the case was called before
Judge Conlan yesterday there was
no appearance for the prosecution,
the mother having discovered her er
ror and the policeman being sorry he
had not deferred the arrest until a
formal complaint was filed. The de
fendant's anger was difficult to mol
lify, because he had spent the night
in prison, until the Judge said that
the Incident which had brought such
inconvenience to him was probably a
means of reuniting the parents. Mr.
Hughes then looked pleased, and be
fore leaving the courtroom he was
overheard to say that he would
willingly serve a week in Jail to
bring back to the little boy's father
the good nature that was routed by
his deprivation of the little boy's so
ciety.
• • ' ?
If the offense charged against Albert
Jacobsen, middle-aged and decently at
tired, had been punishable by death he
could not have presented a more for
lorn front to judge Conlan, before
whom he stood accused of breaking
one pane of glass In the residence of
Mrs. Twombly, 112 Eddy street. He
blubbered and sighed and sobbed as
he sat in the prisoners' cage side by
side with a man who had the killing
of two human beings to answer for and
who regarded him with mingled con
tempt and wonder.
. "Oh, Judge, be merciful," he pleaded,
his hands clasped imploringly and
tears dripping from his aquiline nose
and heavy mustache.
"What Is this man— an emotional ac
tor?', his Honor asked the bailiff, but
that functionary uttered no reply.
"Let me off with a fine, oh, please.
Judge, do," wailed the defendant. "I
was drunk when I did it." .
"Did what?"
"I don't remember what It was, but
some of these gentlemen in the cage
have told me that "
"Ah, I see, the 'gentlemen* In the
Proprietors of Disorderly
Resorts Are Put Out
of Business for Good
FIVE SALOOXS CLOSED
Edward C.-^iblln, a striking stable
man, who emptied his revolver at Polk
and Post streets on July 2, was found
guilty of discharging firearms within
the city limits and Judge Fritz will
sentence him next Saturday. GIblin
was drunk when he indulged in the
reckless pistol practice, his immediate
provocation being the refusal of an
Italian peddler to leave the street
when commanded by him to do so
He it was who swore to the complaint
that charged James H. Smith, negro
with the murder of A. O. .Gallagher
a striker. *
-That's what I'll be compelled to
do if you do not come down here when
I ask you to do so," said the patrol
man.
"Well, I guess you'd better com
mence climbing," Mr. Michelsen said.
The policeman's response was an
agile bound up the stairway and a
collaring of the two men. The trio
descended in a bunch and when they
struck the hallway flopr Nelson was
atop, with his grasp unrelaxed. With
a prisoner in each hand he emerged
triumphantly from the lodging-house.
In the court of Judge Conlan neither
Henley nor Michelsen had anything to
say for himself that was of general
interest and both were pronounced
guilty and ordered to appear for sen
tence to-day.
Albert Henley and George Michel
sen were In hilarious mood and fall-
J!L U ? ,"!? f ron i stai ™ay of a Kearny
street lodging-house when Patrolman
kelson chanced to be passing He
suggested that they make less noise
in their ascent, else he might find it
obligatory upon himself to arrest
them for disturbing the peace.
"You'd better come up and icet us "
replied Mr. Henley. * 8f
Several pawnbrokers are booked for
examination August 3 on the charge
of violating the ordinance which pro
v.^es that once a month they shall
submit to the Chief of Police a report
of their purchases and loans. The
a !f s a ™ e e< J ua »y divided between
Judges Fritz and Conlan.
• • •
Under military escort Prank O'Con
nor, a private of the Thirteenth United
btates Infantry, was marched into
Judge Conlan's court for preliminary
examination on the charge of murder-
Ing Arthur Oliver, an ex-soldier. The
prisoner was handcuffed to one of the
guardsmen, while three others, armed
with revolvers, surrounded him, the
detachment being in command of
Lieutenant Halsted. Ere entering the
tribunal, however, the officer showed
knowledge of and respect for civic
usage by ordering his men to disarm
themselves and by seeing that the
order was obeyed. O'Connor was at
tired in the latest prison fashion ap
proved by Uncle Sam's military au
thorities, a large "P" being marked on
the back of his coat and each lee of
his trousers.
All the testimony was for the de
tense and it was taken contrary to the
customary mode of procedure to al
low the military witnesses to depart
for the summer' camp at San Lufa
Obispo Several soldiers gave the late
Mr. Oliver a very bad character and
that while serving in the
.Philippines he was convicted and sen
tenced for attempting to slay a com
rade with a knife. None of the wit
nesses saw the killing of Oliver, but
one of them testified that on that night
he heard Oliver announce intention to
get some d d soldier" and that he
was seen to strike O'Connor on the
face.
The prosecution will have an innim?
next Friday.
Miss Nellie Bennett, with one eye of
blue and one of brown, told ! Judge
Fritz that two trunks, containing all
her worldly goods, with the exception
of those she wore, were illegally held
by Miss Rose Decker, and she hoped
the court would lend to her the aid of
its mighty machinery to recover them.
Miss Decker said she held the trunks
because Miss Bennett was indebted to
her in the sum of $110, about half of
which was money loaned and the re
mainder for board and lodging at the
rate of $26 a week. She then produced
a contract, by which Miss Bennett had
agreed to pay that amount weekly in
return for the privilege of living In
the boarding-house conducted by Miss
Decker on Mason street. . •
The Judge declared the law did not
allow him to look upon such a con
tract as binding, and then Miss Ben
nett, encouraged by the setback thus
administered to the opposition, went
on volubly to explain that the con
duct of Miss Decker towar-d her had
always been tyrannical as well as ex
tortionate. She did not value the cloth
ing in the detained trunks— though,
gracious knows, it had cost her enough
—as highly as some photographs which
they also contained. They were treas
ured by her as the aborigine of ro
mance prized the scalps that dangled
from his lodge pole— as the soldier
prized the medals won in the heat of
fierce conflict. Yes, she would ac
knowledge that* most of them were por
traits of gentlemen who had admired
her and she was positive that they—
the portraits— could not be replaced.
f.°' she w as not prepared to accept
tne photos and allow Miss Decker to
retain the remainder of her property
until she could pay for its refease.
*.., ftei \ the case had been continued
till to-day Miss Decker informed a
small but select audience in the cor
ridor that one of the happiest moments
In her life was when her domicile was
cleared of the presence of Miss Ben
nett, whose penchant for attempting
suicide had become so annoying that
a saint could not endure it longer
But the grief founts of Mr. Jacobsen
could not be stopped spurting until he
was clear of the tribunal.
cage have been having some amuse
ment. When you have paid a fine of
$30 and defrayed the cost of replacing
the pane you broke I will postpone
sending; you to Instant execution, .until
you have done something to merit that
fate."
Board of Police Commis
sioners Grants Permits
.to Drivers *t Hacks
Slayer of Hartman Brothers Replies to Judge Conlan's
Question in an Impudent and Surly Manner and His
Attorney Quickly Makes Apologies- to the Court
NON UNION MEN
GET LICENSES
AUGUST GEBER REFUSES
TO REVEAL TRUE NAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', , WEDNESDAY, JULY 27. 1904.
5
ApVERTISEMEXTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIU3I. j THE EaiPORlU^I. THE EMPORIUM. l_ THE EMPORIUM.
I Glean-up Sale 0
|C TT , , . - _ . ' CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- f ¦¦¦ ** |l.»5 tea Potts* Sad Irons 7je
Jj Women's $ 17.50 to $25 Suit*, $9.75 _^ WP^ w - 1 JW,W l l '.il 'ggggg"*"^ 75= 14-ir.ch Enameled Bak; Par. 4 6c
V gl6.50tO 5*5 Tailor Dresses, " 33 B5jS£s3S****' AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORS $I.?o hsavy tin W»h Boi'en S 9 c
J $20 to $$0 Tailor Dresses . $14.90 -¦ — * J 1 Lap Boards, 36 inches 36c
*. $2oandj5»5 Silk Shirt Waist Dresses - a ¦¦ «. 25c Brrad Kiuto ijc
I All Wash Shirt Waist iR&WBr MBaS e* b !&^3iP*2^ 1SC p^ ?iei Maehe Tnyt i+e
tf DifACCfle Half D " •* aoc ta * Bread Pans ioc
£ s^iSf^S" T®,,, Surplus stocks, broken assortments, odd £2^^M^|f£
v 65c Wa.h Waists 3 g c Jots and delayed shipments of summer mer- 75' Scorned China chocolate Pot . . . 43 e
A 58c and 78c Wash Skirtt 3 8c li s:^# = £15 Blue Oriental Design Dinner Set ; $11.75
J Other Wash Skirts . . . $1.28, Ji.68, J1.78 chandJSe at Savings ranging from 30 tO 50 S°* decorated China Cake P'atrs 23c
X n^c Fancy Dresden Ribbons, yard .... 8c Odd Pieces Carlsbad China and Semi-
ti 35c Fancy Ribbons, 4-inch 18c per Cent, and even more. But Comparatively Porcelain Dinner Ware now half pries
I i!|S|S!S;T:/* few ot the hundreds ot cut prices can b,
£ 18c embroidered comer Handkerchief*. . .8c to |d o f in this limited Space. $?5 Golden Oak Chiffonier «35-<>°
S 25c and 35c Handkerchiefs (women's) . .15c . > Child's 542.50 Briss Crib J30.85
j. Women's Initial Handkerchiefs ... 6 for Ji • Ji3.?o Extension Table (pedestal) . . . $16.8;
I % Ssg32S2§* % % : : : £ . Remarkable Dress Goods *Sg£s2& 3S& : :. $3
J $1 to $1.35 Chattlame Bag*. . . . . . 72C **>-»-* &ZB0~ #feff~*.~» M #*— . #*>,•* H S*- 5° Golden Oa* Center Table .... |». 8 9
H yi.75 to «iChat=ian C B.gs 9 8c S&BHSM Z&fftftt & M®S2ffB**%JlB9 <§&3ff© * 6s - 5° Golden Oak China Cabinet. .$41.00
•? «8 to $10 Chatrlaine Bags . . . . . . $3.95 ¦ $1 3. 50 Morris Chair, now 58-45
ft* Imported Coin Purses. . ... . 19c and 39c Imported Novelty DrCSS Fabrics — Values Up tO $2.00 a yard; COn- $6 white Iron Bids 83.8S
5 children's W0.4 Dresses half price. sisting of late etamines, canvas voiles, London cords, crepe de ««$«3$«$$$$s«s«s«^^
* Children s W 00I Coats, half price. r»-it_x- -'«•-. -•<¦*— , ., , ., <^^^^^^^* SK^^^^* Vs^^*^«^* v *** N ' <^ s^ r * s^^
I children', wash Han, half P ric C . < Pans, knob etamines, plain French voile, etc.; all gZg* n \ - -_. M _ {
i -~~~~ now marked to close, yard . . . . v©«* 1 \flfgjfQjfo i
J vSSS^sjss^sws^^^jssssssss^^ french Novelty Dress Fabrics— Values up to «2.25 the yard, in all \ F—***± *mmS41m \
K < &G&80Off the latest colorings and weaves; silk canvas, % Raye crepe, hand- t r m^SG wwMEga
J ¦¦¦¦¦-. embroidered voiles, crepe de Paris, plain voile and melange !; Boys' School Suits
Jf S)§£g$£33§QS coloring and etamines; all are now marked to close, «g || A good Amcricin nickel-
i» Ai Little Prices >ard " * * * " **CJC* pitted, fall me open faced
5' Everything thtt will be re- Dress Goods Worlh U P to 50c— All-wool black etamine canvas, col- watch, an excellent timekeeper,
J* quired during the new term by ored cheviots and novelty effects; clean-up sale price, yd 29c f r^ with * 11 $3-°° to $20.00
K scholars in the Primary, Gram- Imported English Mohafr Sicilians— 48 inches wide, comprising colors, $ui " for . bo - vs * 6 to l8 y ea "
i mer and High Schools, and black, brown, gun metal, reseda and cream, 'actual value 75c (excepting wash suits). -ft
$ Students in the Medical Col- the yard; clean-up sale price . ... . .* 43c ' Boys' Suits, $3 to $20 ||
*! 'cges. is now on sale in oar BlacK Tallcta Silk — 19 inches wide, all pure silk and good value for Ls«s$«$!5«55$$5$«5$$33^^
% special School Book and Suppiy 60c the yard; clean-up sale price 37c
*[ Department on main floor, at Fovlard Silk -A fine surah twill, very strong and lustrous, colors Added To-Bay in
6 department stor* price's. | chiefly in navy and new bronze brown combinations; sold every- V&SS§st B&gs't
$> ,^$s$«$«55355S5$$$«3«s55$«$$s$$&. where at 75c thej'ard; clean-up sale price 37c A fcw dozen ot " th; * season's pretrest whits
I More Of the White Conled Wash Silks-All white, the best quality, very scarce, j££2 ggj Sg %£? %%
i d&an-un Sale washes perfectly, value :>0c the yard; clean-up sale price. 37c Oean-u? sale price . . &£m25
% Rai-lffllflC ON SALE IN DEPARTMENT. $5.00 Drop Skirts-Black Taffcta «£k, all
X E3*tr m *g*3M nS» i^—— — —^— -^— — —^^—^— —^^ ¦«_____^__ B ready t o adjust to suit; good rustic taffsta
t !r s s :::^:roc££: n .': s^« s "|;: 7 1 The Greatest Wash Goods Sale, Aiio* £ f&^t'™ $3.95
I 6 ,r;^" D rS,;™.: Sl ,1i"i"s "Betted Domestics at Clean-Up Prices — ¦ — —-
x ss.oo to 1 6.98 Petticoats.. . Si.oo to 53.49 Added to-day^-Hundreds of pieces of good grade 10c suiting j|mjjhams, Gi*OCerseS BO-Uay
i* ii.75 to $4 Flannelette Gowns . 88c to $a.oo in dainty stripes and assorted colors, suitable for school dresses house StttS ThiMS*S€J3^f
I r.:ir.»M n 5nS:iwfs™;w? c ".'r°; -»w»- «%- <¦><«>¦<•* v™.?<*y?i.. . . . . . ez-ao M arari> v aBiM ..i.s |n(k £., { c
£ . ... ... • • • • .63c to 52.25 Added to-day — oome pretty striped ovting flannels, a heavy fabric, nicely boxes ». . . . 2Oc
K Children*! 51.15 to J8.50 Wh : te Dresses— fleeced; suitable for underwear, etc.; a.so marked to clean g% 2 Worcestershire Sauce — Lea & Pcr-
j£ long and short .-. .... . 58c to $4.25 up, yard &3 G rins*--pintj 4Do
Si Infants' f 1. 50 to 53.50 long skirts . .... 2SC Fancy Weave Organdies, new bright goods, yard . . . fp o P- nts 22c
S Children's ' 39 c L shoVt' .kirtf . ? $ V! 4°c Bourette Fancy Cheviot, and Striped Oxford Waisting,, y.ri /. , 2 C Lvcca.Oil-Crosse & Blackweli',, q£
J^ . . 20c to $1.75 Nice quality good unbleached Muslin, yard ... Qq _ " j " i-'^j^Jj' "_!_.* i'i, ".•" "ri
I Children', 45c to ».*^ Apron, .^ g ,. 3c Bleached Muslin-Yard wide, a good make that you will like^yard 6 r % Ch^oblT-Ghira'rd'elii! ,^
$ Lonsdalc Cambric-B«t make dcketed\ 12 i4c kind, yard. .. . f Q o p O rt 'or * Sherry'— ' Good or'dSfrv
V 51.50 Cushion Covers ...... . . . 75c Pequot Sheets — For double beds. 8 1 X90 inches G7ViC winej, gallon SOc
j£ to Jio Mantel Drapes . . . $i.«o to 55.00 p C q U ot Sheets— For single beds, the 54x90 inch size, each .... 44q Chablis — Margeau or Cabernet, high-"
,; « 9 to S15 Table Coven: .. 54-5° $7.50 jj^gjjgj Sheeting— For three-quarter beda, 63 inches wide, yard. . 17c claw winss, gallon 82o
x 7c C 7 Lc?S't pS'- ' ' " " fee Pillow Cases-Beached, heavy, 45136 in., instead of- ii^c. each, .go Hunter Rye Whisky, or Siiverdc I or
£ 51:25 and $ V i. 5 o L^ce Door Panels . . . 75c Pillow Cases— Hemstitched and extra heavy plain ones, each. ... fOc * Jaao " al CIub « b ° t: ; e " 95o
J iijic Figured Silkolin,, yard 7 c — 1 !l Frvit SjTUpS-Au flavors:
j; Boys' 75 c and $1 Stiff Bosom Shim. . . 47 c FrCttCH MUSUn All Of OSii* q^ %%*
», Broken Lots Boys' 50c Percale Shirts . . . 27c . quarts 35f
{. Men's 51 Goif suru (new). 1 . . . . . 55c Underwear Persian Runs GaIlon r - -9U2s
K Men's 50c Balbriggan Underwear, cath . 29c g% U~iS BmmS**** *%*.** YU-- -j» niV Cherries hi MaraSChhlO — Longs:
V Men's 35c Quality Suspenders 19c OnC-Half Ht*SCe OnC-Thirtl Off Quarts S3 O
•AAAA'AA 'AA'a'A'A'A q'AAA'*'* «'*AAA+'A *AA*AAA 'A'ATA'AA'AA'AA'A-A lAAAA'ArA* A'<'AA'AA'A AAAAAAArArA'A 'AAA'ATA'AA 'A'ArAArA 'AVArAVA'AA 1/MXXX* AArAAWA AA*
\\ W^*3^>V^ Material*: — Two or more rib* jjf$\ n
a or ¦ hiiy y P iccc of loin .; 8aIt » EiiM 1
p zCTF v^i^. pepper, flour, a piping hot oven. &*»£ |j
I Lea it PerrinsV I
h THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE |
11 Seasoning I— Add to each pint of gravy one tablespoonful of LcaCS. H
jj Perrins' Sauce. The aroma and taste of gravy thus h
L * seasoned will add zest to appetite and relish to the [|
u roast. : Try it and be convinced. 13
H JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agenti, NEW YORK. |J
fT Sale Ten M
II CANDY CATHARTIC tggfTft^ jS
M PREVENT ALL SUIHRIER BOWEL TROUBLES F*
jjg| Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as Egg
m quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels HB
HI poisoned, thrown out of^order; spur stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, ioj
H dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fearer and f n
g| the plague. Little children^ suffer terribly everywhere. The proper y,J
jgi thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the botiy fe»a
||1 everyday — not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. 133
K|j You will slop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insidcs cool and Sa
Kg healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not Egg
Bg| harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take g||
h| in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or grimng, is Cascareta. Spa
Kg] All druggists, 10c, 25c, SOc. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet |v|
BE] j stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and F-"ij
kglbooklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. »» JryA publisher in Austria, it is said,
has brought out a calendar which,
naturally, claims to be the completest
of its kind. The date of the day oc
cupies the center of each leaf. On Its
left is the name of the saint to whom
the day is dedicated and on its right
some "golden maxim." The lower
part of the tablet is divided into two
columns. From January to June the
left hand column contains a course of
lessons In six modern languages, while
on the right hand are printed Schil
ler's poems. For the other half of the
year one column is filled with a novel
by Jules Verne and the other half by
a translation of the . foreign words
used most frequently in German and
an epitome of history from Charle
magne up to the present time. At the
back ot the leaves are notes on myth
ology geography, law, arithmetic,
cooking and housekeeping recipes.
The leaves are also so prepared that
during the summer they can be
steeped in water as fiykillers, and
from October to April they can be
made Into cigarettes. Wild horses
shall not drag from us the name of
the publisher. — Weekly Irish Times.
Comprehensive.
HI* Majesty the King, when Prince
of Wales, was often very glad to make
use of the hire system. Particularly
was this so with regard to horses,
when there \fere many guests to be
entertained at Marlborough House or
Fandrir.gham. Plenty of royal car
riages there always were", but as many
of them were only used once. or twice
u year to 'keep a stud of horses suf
ficiently large to draw them would
have entailed an enormous needless
expense. When occasion arose, there
fore, horses were "Jobbed" or hired to
fill the srap. When the Prince cnter-
The statement that Queen Victoria
pot her pianos on the hire system
rrads curiously to many people, who
Jmagrlne that when royalty require a
thir.gr they simply order and pay for
It. Irrespective of cost. During the
latter years of her reign, however, it
is a fact that Queen Victoria decided
to have her pianos on the hire sys
tem, and after her death over thirty
vf these instruments were removed
from the different royal residences by
Messrs. Erard, who had supplied
them.
Most of them are magnificent up
right grands, superbly decorated, and
sr« much sought after by all sorts of
people — especially Americans, who
t.ouH pay huge prices to secure such
n relic of royalty. Only purchasers
who are likely to appreciate such pl
tinon properly are allowed to have
them and Innumerable appllcationa
from undesirable persons have been
refueed. .¦¦.;¦.. " :¦'¦
For Royal Hire.
The State's active commission has been extremely-suc
cessful in attracting the fair's visitors to the wonderful
displays in the Palace of Agriculture and in the Califor
nia building, and to-day there are thousands of good
Americans who know more about the splendid golden
citrus fruits, the fine olives, the famous prunes, the great
grain crops and the luscious yield of the vineyards of
California than they did before the gates of the exposi
tion opened last April. The visitors have delightedly
dallied with the luscious prunes and they have smacked
their lips after sampling our sparkling wines. The Cal
ifornians have given their guests something choice to
eat and to drink, and like Oliver Twist, those that have
partaken of their hospitality have come back for more.
The latest and most novel attraction of the California
commission was a watermelon feast. This took place a
few nights ago on the lawn in the rear of the California
building, and the refreshing melons — a half carload of
.them— were served, flavored with several kinds of Cali
fornia wines. The feast, naturally, in sweltering St.
Louis, struck a popular chord and another has been
planned for an early date. With the thermometer sprint
ing in the direction of the 100 mark and thousands con
stantly in quest of cooling refreshment, it is safe to pre
dict that the next melon spread will be an overwhelming
success. When this' interesting functioa holds the
boards the balance of the exposition will perforce find
it advisable to shut up shop, as everybody will hurry to
the alluring feast in the fervent hope of getting a whack
at the luscious fruit flavored with the juice of the grape
of the Golden State.
The resourceful commissioners deserve warm commen
dation for this innovation that has won new friends for
the greatest State in the West. They have opened the
eyes of the other commissioners, who will ;have to hustle
if they do not want California to carry off "all the honors
for unique surprises. Now, if the managers of "the' fair,
are really eager to improve the situation they should
lose no time in giving out some information to the gen
. eral public about California's watermelon-wine feasts,
THE National World's Fair Commission deplores
the fact that the big exposition is not attracting the
crowds merited by the magnificent exhibits, and
gently prodding the managers urges them to stand up
•and do a little more shouting about the "greatest show
on earth." Now, if the worthy gentlemen who are di
recting things at St. Louis will only scatter broadcast
news of what California is doing at the fair there will
certainly be an increase in the attendance, and the Gov
ernment's representatives will be rapturously extending
the, joyous hand instead of giving vent to disappointment
over "small houses."
CALIFORNIA AGAIN TO THE FORE.
The Vladivostok squadron of the Russian fleet has
made traveling on the high seas somewhat too uncertain
and unsafe to be included in the category of summer
recreation. In the general uproar of protest and trepida
tion, however, it is easy to discern the voices of our
British cousins rather than our own. If we calculate on
a basis of relative tonnage, we have just about one
chance in ten of being injured that the British have. Let
us not be too hasty to espouse the cause of our friends.
These institutions, big and little,
number about a hundred, and every
week sees a fresh one in the field beg
iringr for charity. So keen has become
the competition between them that
these appeals are wearying the public
and breeding contempt and Indiffer
ence. One of the most eloquent signs
of this has been the failure of the
••charity concert." This season has
provided an unprecedented number of
them, and In many cases the results
have been worse than disappointing.
At one concert where royalty was pres
ent and famous artists appeared the
net profits were less than $45. Several
others did not realize sufficient to pay
expenses. The charity concert as a
"inoney raiser" for hospitals Is prac
tical ly dead, and there are not enough
rich Americans, South African mag
nates and others ambitious for social
distinction and willing to pay well for
it to fill the empty hospital exchequers.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
I HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. July 13.—Al
though the following statements reach
me from a source usually to be relied
«n. they are given with all reserve. I
am told that the present scheme to en
dow the hospitals of England from the
j>ublic funds. Instead of allowing them
to depend for support on public sub
rcriptlons, as heretofore. Is to be fought
tooth and nail by several influential
American women cf title over here, who
will have the support of many folk
prominent in London society circles, as
well as that of others who would like
to be. This on the ground that the
rcherne would put an end to a means
of ostentatious giving, which at pres
«nt is regarded as one of the surest
passports to royal favor. It is common
knowledge, of course, that Sir Thomas
Lipton gained his present title In this
way. and the same is true of the King's
friend. Sir Ernest Cassel, and others
too numerous to mention. Upon her ar
iival in this country the Duchess of
Marlborough was astonished to find
that the hospitals of England practical
ly depended for their existence upon
the generosity of the rich, but since
then her contributions to these institu
tions have been surpassed by no one,
t.nd I understand that she is one of the
most vigorous workers against state aid
for them. She is said to have the, ac
tive support of the 'Countess of Craven
and Mrs. Arthur Paget, both of whom
also have given largely to the hospitals.
On the other hand, among the women
v.-ho are advocating the scheme of state
'iid are the Countess of Warwick, Lady
4enry Somerset, Lady Winborne and
he Marchioness of Ormonde. The "op
position"' party, however, includes it is
said tjie Rothschilds, the Cassels and
the • Neumanns, all of whom fre
quently have the Prince of Wales as
their guest, and his Royal Highness' re
cent pronouncement condemning the
idea of state-aided • hospitals is sup
posed to have been dictated by a desire
to please the company In which he so
frequently finds himself.
Despite the generous contributions
made to the London hospitals by those
who find it affords the easiest method
cf gaining admission to court circles,
the sums realized are totally inadequate
to meet the growing requirements of
these institutions, which, like Oliver
Twist, are continually clamoring for
more. The present outlook for their
maintenance by means of the volun
tary system on a scale commensurate
with the increasing demands made
upon them is a black one. Between
them they are at present asking the
public for something like 513,750,000 in
addition to the annual $750,000 which Is
needed merely to keep their wards
open. By far the greater proportion of
this vast sum is wanted for building
purposes.
Special CorrerpondeDC*.
Oslcntaiicnis CItarity.
THE^people of Northern California have been un
pleasantly affected during the last week by learning
that the location of the great Federal seed and plant
experiment station at Chico is endangered by the failure
of the people of that city and Butte County to respond
with the $9000 required to purchase the land that is
needed. We are persuaded that' they are not fully aware
of the importance of the prize that is within their grasp.
Some one among them has raised the cry that if the
United States wants such a station it should buy the land
and not throw the burden upon the local people. It is
astounding that such an argument should be made in
such a matter. If the Government were locating a fort
or an arsenal for its use in operating one of its defensive
functions, it would be proper to say that it should buy
the ground. But this is an entirely different matter.
This station is not required by the Government, which
can get on without it and never miss it. It is primarily
and mostly a direct benefit to the people who are nearest
to it. It will be the greatest of its kind in the world.
The world first heard of the capital of Santa Clara Val
ley through the San Jose scale. But this is forgotten
since the world has seen San Jose through the Lick tele
scope on Mount Hamilton. The world will in the fu
ture see Chico, Butte County and the Sacramento Valley
through this new garden, which will be the Eden of
Northern California. It will tell more of soil and cli
mate, of capacity and products, than can be told by bil
lions of pages of advertising.
Already the seeds and stocks to plant it are coming
from every grand division of the globe, and from every^
zone where nature produces plants useful to man, neces
sary to his existence, and profitable to his purse. In a
brief time, in the stimulating climate of the Sacramento
Valley, there will rise there a garden that grows a
greater variety of plants than can be grown elsewhere on
the earth. Their growth is not necessary to the Govern
ment of the United States. It has existed more than* a
century without them, and will continue to exist far into
the future, even if the people refuse its offer to gather
useful and novel, plants from all over the world and
plant and tend them there, provided the petty sum of
$9000 is furnished by Chico to buy the land. The Gov
ernment'will finally spend ten times ten that sum on ths
planting and maintenance of the station and in aiding
planters to utilize the plants it will grow there.
We are told that in a meeting of the Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce some glee was expressed over
the prospect that Chico would lose the station by failing
to raise the money, as then Sacramento would make a
bid for it and get it located near that city. This was
not merely the exhibition of a mean spirit. It was fool
ish. The Government experts made a survey of the
whole State and found two locations that filled the con
ditions, one at Chico and one in Southern California.
If Chico fail, that ends all prospect of any station in
Northern California. The commercial drainage of the
Sacramento Valley is to Sacramento. That city, instead
of exulting over the failure of Chico, should rally liber
ally to help her neighbor out.
It is no time for petty jealousy or selfishness. All of
the Sacramento Valley may well make common cause
with Chico. Such an opportunity to make a final dem
onstration of such economic factors as soil and climate
does not come twice to a region. It knocks once and
passes on, never to return. Let the door be opened by
the opening of many purses and the returns will be
many times the investment.
His neighbor, the King of Portugal,
either from choice or necessity, also
patronizes the hire system. To cele
brate the visit of King Edward to
Portugal, King: Carlos presented his
consort Queen Amelia with a mag
nificent rope of pearls, each of which
was separated by a diamond. A j
Dutch firm got the order, and accepted ,
payment on the hire-purchase system. [
It Is satisfactory to know that the in
stallments are being paid regularly.
The King of Sweden is an ardent de
votee of the hire system. Very big
reunions and elaborate functions are
Tare in the Swedish court, so that
when anything out of the way does
happen, hiring has to be largely re
sorted to. A few years ago there was
a great partv, including Queen Alex
andra (then Princess of Wales), the
King and Queen of Denmark, those of
Norway, the Czar and Czarina of Rus
sia, the King and Prince George of
Greece, and German grand dukes and
princes without number. The reunion
was held at Fredensborg Castle, and
it was difficult to know what belonged
to the place and what did not. Fur
niture was hired— some all the way
from England — beds were hired, plate,
linen even, and silver all canfe from
outside sources, and entertainers were
fetched all the way from London to
Sweden to amuse the guests. His
Majesty of Sweden hit upon a happy
Idea to avoid horse-hire for his enor
mous number of guests and their re
tainers. As head of the army, he
commandeered some of the cavalry
horses for the purpose.
There is no evidence to show that
the German Emperor himself ever in
dulged In the luxury of the hire sys
tem; but the innumerable little heads
of the kingdoms and the duchies which
make up his empire do. It is a well
known fact that at the coronation of
the Czar of Russia the display of
jewels was the greatest ever seen at
one single ceremony in the world, and
the bulk of these was worn by Ger
man duchesses and princesses, who
were present in huge numbers, Ger
man and Russian relations being vei>
cordial at the time.
Here were ladies wearing jewels to
the amount of fifty times their hus
band's yearly income! Where did
they get them? The answer came
from the Continental jewelers and
diamond merchants, whose stocks, for
the time being, were sadly ravaged
and diminished. The jewels were all
hired. Not one stone in five hundred
that glittered and flashed in the palace
on the Neva belonged to the woman
who wore it, and many a beauty's
crowned head was aching with the
thought . of how her temporary mag
nificence was to be paid for.
The King of Italy is not a keen
hirer. He certainly ordered a mag
nificent steam yacht— the "Pla" — from
a British firm on the hire system; but
after using It for a short season, and
paying two Installments he returned it,
and rumor says it was then sold to
Mr. Rockefeller. Its exact where
abouts is a mystery, but it has disap
peared from European waters.
For his forthcoming European tour,
carriages, horses, uniforms—practical
ly everything— has to be hired; and the
reason that he is not including Eng
land in his travels is- on the ground
of expense. His new castle which is
being built at Guadalajara, in the,
province of that name, near Madrid,
is being paid for on the rent purchase,
or "every-man-his-own-landlord" prin
ciple.
talned large numbers of people at
once, such as deputations and dele
gates, who needed refreshing and
feeding, the china and glass were in
variably hired, If indeed, as was often
the case, the whole thing was not put
in the hands of caterers.
King Peter of Servia is having an
unpleasant experience of the "hire
purchase" system at the present time,
as his crown is being paid for by in
stallments. This is not the bronze
crown which Is being made from a
cannon kept as a relic of his grand
father, but is the jeweled structure
necessary for state occasions. It is to
cost £12,500, but money is scarce in
Servia, so the Paris firm which is mak
ing It agreed to accept payment by in
stallments. Two installments of £1250
each had been paid before the King
discovered that the officials entrusted
with the payments were endeavoring
to "square" the manufacturers to put
in bogus jewels and divide the illicit
profits between them. The payment
of future installments on the royal
crown Is to be made by King Peter
himself. 0
. The King of Spain is an example of
a poor wealthy monarch who Is obliged
to resort to the hire « system. Gold
plate, jewels, trophies, and all sorts of
costly ornaments he has In plenty, but
they are the property of the crown,
and useless except to look at. He has
a decent income — on paper — but it is
rarely paid, and consequently he has
I to hire right and left when he wants
to "make anything of a 'splash," as
the Americans would say.
THE CHICO PLANT STATION.
TownsMd's California Glace fruits* In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st»
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press CUpninjj Bureau (Allen's). 239 Cai
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043. *
SCRAPBOOK PASTE— M. S. S.. f City.
A fine paste that may be used for
scrapbook pasting is made of a solu
tion of 2Vi ounces of gumarablc In two
quarts of warm water, thickened to a
paste by wheat flour. To this 13 added
a solution of alum and sugar of lead.
1% ounce each In water. The mixture
Is heated and stirred until it begins to
boil, and then it is allowed to cool. It
may be thinned. If necessary, with a
gum solution. A tew drops of oil of
cloves in the mixture will prevent it
from soaring. You w!Il find it Ies3
troublesome to purchase library paste
already made.
The municipality of the Hungarian
J capital recently authorized a series of
\ bullfights, and the populace were in
j stantly and suitably entranced. A
. troupe of Spaniards, the toreador
I Pouly at their head, were engaged and
; came on for the affray.
The first evening the show was
' something grand. The Hungarians
were properly astounded at the gaud
and tinsel, the carriage and coverings
of these v Spaniards. There was the
call for the bulls, then. But the
trifling little Spanish animals that had
been shipped on gave the spectators
small satisfaction. They wanted real
excitement. They ordered that Pouly
-and his men should try their lives
' against the Hungarian breed.
Piqued to the quick, Pouly accepted
.the conditions, a Hungarian bull was
! procured after two days, and the
promised real fight was announced, j
I Pouly prepared himself, and Gye-
A Mild Magyar.
THE ALHAMBRA— A reader. City.
The .Alhambra Theater In San Fran
cisco, located at the corner of Eddy and
Jones streets, was opened September 3.
1S38, with Del Puente. Corinne. Edith
Hall, Sidney and Mrs. Drew, the Rossis
and others. In the seventies there v.-as
an Alhambra Theater on Eush street,
between Kearny and Montgomery.
CABLE STEAMER— A. S., City. The
name of the steamer that was employed
to lay the cable in 1S79 between France
and the United States is The Fara
day, launched at New Castle, February
17, 1873. Her dimensions are S00.4 feet
length, 52.3 breadth and 43.7 depth;
tonnage 2132.
DRAW POKER— J. E. T., Agnew.
Cal. If In a game of draw poker all
players anted, the dealer opened and
some of the players stayed and the
cards were drawn again, the first of
the stayers to bet was the one on the
left of the dealer..
THE BYRNE MATTER— E. »L; City.
As this department has never received
any communication signed "Ellen Mun
roe" in reference to the "Byrne mat
ter," or any other subject, It could not
answer the questions asked.
JAPANESE— R. O. C .What tha
Japanese population Is In San Fran
cisco at this time la very uncertain, as
since the war now In progress In the
Orient many left to enroll In the Japa
nese army.
THE Salt Lake Tribune asserts that at the twenty
ninth annual picnic of the Old Folks of Utah there
were assembled at Spanish Fork more than two
thousand persons in one grove at one time, all of whom
were aged at least 70 years. This took place last week.
On one special train from Salt Lake City there were
845 persons wearing red badges, indicating the age of
70 years, in persons whose eighty years entitled them
to wear blue badges and four with white badges, over
whose heads the winters and summers of ninety years
have rolled. All the Utah counties sent in their old peo
ple and so swelled the number of congregated septua
genarians to two thousand.
Nathanial Hawthorne, in his search for the unusual,
never imagined an assemblage so striking. The Tribune
says that the frosty polled party had "a frolic" and a
"merry time," with "youngsters" 50 years or so old to
wait upon them. They indulged in reminiscences; they
feasted at long tables in the shade of a grove; young
people sang, played- and performed in an amusing way
for them. Conspicuous among the decorations that were
provided for the occasion was a banner on which was the
motto, "All honor to the aged."
Men and women of all climes, looking forward from
middle age to the period when the tduch of age shall be
upon them, entertain the wish that their hearts and
minds may retain their jfrcshness so that they may en
joy with the keenness of unimpaired senses their closing
days. This large collection of Utah septuagenarians
would seem to have left within them still the sources of
enjoyment. The first gathering of this sort, which Utah
says can be found in no part of the world outside of
that State, took place at old Peter Clinton's place near
Lake Point in 1875. One of the originatqrs of the idea
is still living and was at Spanish Fork with his hoary
headed, colleagues the other day.
There were present old people of nearly every color
and nationality known to mankind— a chieftain from the
South Pacific, Samoans, Hawaiians, colored people,
English, Welsh, Irish, Germans, Scotch, Americans,
Scandinavians — a cosmopolitan gathering of a very un
usual character. They were all alive when Queen Vic
toria was crowned. They were able to discuss from
memory events in the war with Mexico and the old days
on the Missouri and Mississippi prior to 1846. Even
one of the original party of Mormons that entered Salt
Lake City in July, 1847, was at the picnic. That one is
Thomas P. Cloward, who was born in 1823 and is still
hale and hearty. Among the gay picnickers of advanced
years were Mary Hart, aged 91; Mary Carter, aged 90;
Benjamin M. Beer, aged 92, and Miriam Chase, aged 91
—all residents of Salt Lake City.
After a day of pleasure the veterans proceeded to their
several homes, and it is agreeable to learn that no one
met with an accident or was harmed by a day of pleas
uring, extraordinary.
REVERDY JOHNSON— A. 8., City.
Reverdy Johnson, who was Minister to
Great Britain In 1869, was born in An
napolis. Md., May 21. 1796, and died In
the same place February 10, 1876.
Answers to Queries.
A UTAH PICNIC.
The unique manner in which William Jennings Bryan
and his followers in the radical wing of the Democracy
are "supporting" Parker for the Presidency makes one
shudder to think what they would do if they decided to
oppose the gentleman from Esopus.- Punic faith is an
ideal of virtue and loyalty in comparison.
A recent visitor to the fated isle o*
Martinique gives the following de
scription of the aspect of Pelee to
day In a Montreal paper:
"Where the city of St. Pierre once
flourished," he says, "there is a thick
bed of land, which is already assum
ing the appearance of a vast gray
granite rock. About nine years ago
I passed close by St. Pierre in the
evening and saw its white roofs, its
towers and cupolas gleaming between
the fronded crests and lithe gray
trunks of the royal palms and heard
the crash of bands in its squares and
the tinkling of mandolins upon the
French ships lying In the roadstead.
But now the scarred mass of lava cov
ers completely the gay Paris of the
Antilles with all its life and color and
music as though It were buried under
a massive mausoleum of granite.
There are no ruins — nothing at all to
indicate that a city of 25,000 people
had once nourished there.
"Before you rises the gaunt and co
lossal cone . of Mont Pelee, with its
awful head veiled In lazy and pestif
erous vapors. Its scarred lava-streaked
slopes rent with gigantic fissures and
wild gorges and its base piled up in
primeval confusion masses of the
blown out crest and sides. The im
pression which the sight of Mont Pe
less, brooding In its uncleanly clouds
of smoke above its hideous and aw
ful works, makes upon you is difficult
to define. . You are awed, but hardly
horrified. In the presence of such evi
dence of nature's forces you are so
impressed with the grandeur and ma
jesty of her efforts that you do not
think of the blotting out of such an
insignificant thing as a city of men
and their works.
"To the southward, where the su
burbs of the city stretched over a level
' plain, the earth washed down from
j the mountain sides by the rains has
formed a soil in«which grass and trees
are beginning to grow in patches. In
a few years, no doubt, the tomb of the
I city will be covered with the vegeta
i tion of the tropics and the now giant
I and scarred sides of Pelee covered
j with forests of green. All the rest of
' the island has emerged from its cov
! ering of ashes in new beauty and
greater luxuriance." •*•;*!
Pelee To-Day.
The most extraordinary pearl, or
rather cluster of pearls^ known as
"the southern cross," Is owned by a
syndicate of Australian gentlemen,
who value it at $500,000. So far as
is known it occupies an absolutely
unique position. It consists of nine
pearls, naturally grown together in
so regular a manner as to form a per
fect Latin cross. The pearl was dis
covered by a pearl fisher .at Roe
bourne, West Australia. The- first
owner regarded It with so much su
perstition that he burled It; but It was
discovered in 1874 and five years later
was placed on exhibition In Australia;
Worth Something.
London papers are often Illuminat
ing on things American. . "In " de
nouncing the policy of the Republi
can party as one of 'standing fat.' "
says the London Chronicle, "the chair
man of the St. Louis Democratic con
\ention was kind enough to give the
unitiated some hint of -the mystic
phrase's significance. It came from
the gamblers' table, he said, and
'stand fat' was a precept of. passivity
and inaction born of cowardice.* A 'fat
hand* in the game of poker is a hand
which its holder considers satisfac
tory as It is. so that he does not take
the chance of improving It by buying
any fresh cards from the dealer. To
'stand fat, presumably, is to" play a
defensive game with whatever Is dealt
to you, leaving the other players .to
take risks. But it is doubtful whether I
'stand fat* will pass into common ac
ceptance as 'bluff has. Thousands
speak of 'bluffing "with : no thought
that they are using a metaphor from
poker."
Mixed Again.
I have been a wheat farmer for more
than thirty years in California. Though
not at the present time actively en
gaged in farming I still own a wheat
farm. In my opinion the real trouble
lies in our mode of harvesting. There
was no complaint from the millers un
til some ten or twelve years ago, after
we had come to using the combined
harvester. Previous to that we used
the header and cut and stacked our
wheat, the wheat standing in the stack
from three to six weeks, during which
time it went through the sweat and,
being protected from the hot sun, dW
not lose its gluten and turn to starch.
But the combined harvester superseded
the header. The grain Is not now
stacked; it stands in the field until it
Is ripe and as dry and hard as It can
get. Then it is cut and threshed and
a great deal of It is in the warehouse
the same day, or I should say the
greater part of It by the close of the
second day— at least I think that Is the
result in the San Joaquln and Sacra
mento valleys, the great wheat belt of
California.
I would also add that a great deal of
wheat stands In the field until Septem
ber and October.
Most sincerely yours,
E. E. UNDERWOOD.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: There
have been several articles In The Call
lately concerning California wheat and
its lack of gluten. Permit me to ex
press my views on the subject.
SANTA CRUZ, July 25.
More About Wheat.
That was the end. The arena at
Budapest has been nailed up forever
and the newspapers excuse .Gyemant
with the explanation that while he had
a Hungarian sire, his dam was Swiss.
And Switzerland has objected. — Boa
ton Transcript.
mant — such was the name bestowed
upon the bull — was turned into the
arena. He entered, calm and phleg
matic. He proceeded leisurely toward
the middle of the arena and turned to
survey the audience with a 'look that
said: "Indeed, I believe I have never
met you before." Then gravely ha
made a tour of the inclosure. once,
twice — five laps he made, taking no
notice of red flags, of picador,, of
banderillo who sought to engage.
After this little constitutional h«
returned to the center of the stage and
emitted one sound. It was a sigh.
"Oh. call a carriage for Kim and
play him the national anthem," cried
a voice out of the wits In the gallery.
QUITE as important as the engineering problems
and admitting of no solution by trite mathemati
cal formula is the question that must soon con
front the Panama Canal Commission — whence a contin
uous supply of labor? If ten years is the limit set, in the
popular mind at least, for the completion, of the great
ditch, 20,000 laborers will have to be in constant employ
according to estimates of the experts. Where is this
army to be marshaled, and how is its number to be^
steadily recruited?
Dr. C. A. Stephens, long familiar with the climatic con
ditions of Panama, and formerly a close student of the
medical problems presented to ( the French canal com
pany, declares in a recent pamphlet that "no sensible
person can spend a day, even an hour, in the heat of the
Culebra cut without coming to th"e conclusion that this
is not a white man's job. No white laborer from the
United States can or would endure it." , Dr. Stephens
goes on to cite the experiences of the French excavators.
According to the estimates the French Io9t about 50,000
laborers during their period of construction. Not only
did the common diggers succumb, but the sudden deaths
of men in higher places »\vere continually causing en
forced delays on the part of gangs of diggers.
Many are the expedients that have been advanced to
relieve the difficulties of the labor problem in Panama.
Some have advocated the wholesale importation into the
canal zone of negroes from the Southern States, others
have declared that upon the working classes of Jamaica
and other Carib islands, negroes and half breeds all of
them, rest the only hopes of the commission. But to the
first of these propositions it has been strongly objected
by the South that taking away a great army of negroes
for work on the canal would so alter the field of labor
in the cotton belt that the cotton industry would suffer
seriously. Against the Jamaica suggestion it is main
tained that there are not enough reliable laborers in any
of the adjacent islands to fill the steady demand.
There remain, then, the Japanese or the coolies. On
the Hawaiian sugar plantations, where climatic conditions
very nearly approximate those of Panama, the bulk of
the heavy labor is done by Japanese. Hardy, inured to
excessive heat in conjunction with constant humidity,
over-willing to work according to the word of the over
seers, these little brown fellows would seem especially
fitted to endure the grilling tasks in the great ditch.
The close of the war will see thousands of them free to
take employment. As to the coolie, well, he is at least
a last resource. Prejudice may have to be put aside if it
be that we can find no one else to wield the shovel in
Panama.
LABOR FOR PANAMA.
French capitalists have undertaken the construction of
a railroad 500 miles long in Bolivia to tap some of the
highly productive districts of the South American re
public. We should accept this enterprise as a hint of
our own delay and procrastination and a warning that
something more commercially tangible than the Monroe
doctrine is necessary to conserve and promote our in
terests in Latin America.
Jin Turn Ling considers himself a
white man and keeps a white man's
restaurant up on Washington street.
Frequently in the past he has lost
meals and money to the improvident
and faithless "Mellcanmen" who have
volunteered to patronize him, conse
quently the "I'll-see-you-to-morrows"
are now below par with Jin Turn Ling.
He meets the moneyless visitor with
his usual urbanity, but with no meals.
Last Monday a man who had de
ceived Ling before came in. The
Chinese recognized him. but bowed
politely and directed the fellow to a
table.
'/Good morning. You want dlnna?
jft-Iite. Plenty dlnna. You hungly?"
"Yes, Ling. Heap hungry. I am
broke to-day, but to-morrow me have
plenty money. Then me come see you."
"Al-lite. You Demclat? You vote
for Hlurs? I think Russha-man lick
Jap. What-chu — "
"Oh, never mind the Japs, Ling; yon
give me dinner. Too much hungry."
"Al-lite, al-lite. Plenty time. What
chu like?"
"Anything, anything."
"AI-Hte. Like flish? Sea-bah, hal
but, sam'n, tlout?"
"Yes, yes— trout— just the thing."
"Al-lite, you come Fliday."
"You Come Fliday."
making them the headliner . of the list of attractions.
Such an announcement will bring crowds as readily as
molasses draws flies. The attendance will be all that
could be desired, the gate receipts^ will grow surprisingly,
everybody will be happy, and California will have saved
the day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
l^ublicaUoi. Office !T~ .••¦ W...^-....™"* "d Market Streets, 8. F.
WEDNESDAY •• y •••• J ULY 2 7, 1904
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESFAILS TO DELIVER SHOES.— M. L. Hunt.
a colored shoe dealer at 5(>4 Howard street, ob
tained a warrant from Police Judge Oonlan
yesterday for the arrest of ""Jack" O'Connor
on a charee of felony embezzlement. He al
lepe« that he gave O'Connor a parcel contain
ing fifty pairs of shoes valued at $1.10 to de
liver to a «orekeeper on Sixth street and also
cave him SO cents for his trouble. O'Connor
tailed to deliver the parcel and Hunt thinks
he muet have sold tbe shoes to some second
hand dealer. . - .-
The various division superintendents
of the Southern Pacific Company have
been summoned to this city by General
Manager Markham for a conference
with himself and Julius Kruttschnitt,
director of maintenance and operations
of the Harriman lines. The principal
subject to be discussed Is the handling
of the overland traffic during the com
ing Knights Templar conclave in this
city. B. A. Worthington, assistant di
rector of maintenance and operations
of the Harriman lines, left New Or
leans on Sunday for this city and is
expected to arrive here to-morrow
night. In anticipation of heavy travel
during the conclave the Southern Pa
cific Company has started the repair
of all its locomotives, a large number
of which are to be used in hauling
special trains westward from Ogden.
Arranging for Handling of Westbound
Traffic During the Knights
Templar Conclave.
SUPERINTENDENTS ARE
HOLDING A CONFERENCE
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— B. K.
Davis, vice president of the San Mateo County
Dairy Company. 1812 Howard street, obtained a
warrant from Police Judge Fritz yesterday foc
the arrest of John Keefe on a charge of mis
demeanor embezzlement. The amount named In
the complaint la $14 10. but It Is alleged that
the total of Keefe's defalcations will reach
$11S. He was a driver and collector for the
comDany.
The will of Mary Lake, the San
Francisco missionary, who died on
July 15 at Montclalr, N. J., was filed
for probate yesterday by Frederick B.
Lake, her brother, who was named In
the will as executor. She leaves $1000
to Helen Lake Hunter, $1000 to Annie
Lake Townsend and the residue of a
$5000 estate to Frederick B. Lal% To
the latter'B son is bequeathed
ture of his father.
Mary Lake's Will Filed.
Lecture by Expert Photographer.
"The Application of Artistic Prin
ciples to Photography" was the sub
ject of an interesting and instructive
lecture by W. E. Dassonville before
the California Camera Club last even
ing. The clubroom was filled with
members and friends, who enjoyed,
besides the lecture, the exhibit of E.
N, Sewell, consisting entirely of bro
mide prints, comprising examples of
genre, portraiture, marines and land
scapes. The next lecture before the
club will be on "Exposure" by Gilbert
Hassell.
7. The privilege of a longer stay at the
camps or hotel in the Valley, if desired,
upon payment of their usual rates for
the extra time.
FOR FURTHER DETAILS CALL ON
THE SANTA FE. AT 641 MARKET
STREET * •
6. Staging in the Yosemite National
Park around the "Double Loop." past
Point O My, Gentry's, Tamarack Flat and
Crane Flat, giving a complete and won
derful change of scenery on the return
from the Valley to Hazel Green.
5. Three days' board and tent at Camp
Curry or Camp Yosemite in the Valley
These camps are well known for their
excellent service.
4. Staging through the Merced Canyon
past McLean's Cliff and the beautiful
Cascade Falls. This is one of the grand
est rides in California.
3. A ride through two groves of giant
sequoia. These are the famous Califor
nia big trees.
The Santa Fe is selling tickets to
Tosemite Valley and return at $43 00 for
seven^days, including all expenses. These
tickets cover the following items:
1. One flrst-class rail and stage fare
to and from Tosemite Valley.
2. Hotel bills and meals going and
coming-.
Santa Fe Rate.
$43.00 for Seven Days Is the New
YOSEM1TE VALLEY.
A man giving the name of J. S.
Mellon and saying he was a member
cf the choir of Christ Church at Los
Angeles presented himself at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday for
treatment for several contusions of the
head. From his appearance it was
evident that he required the assistance
sought. But for his broad English
accent he might have passed for a
native of Africa, so discolored were
his features. In explanation of the in
juries he declared he had met a
"friend" and after "tipping glasses at
a tavern" in the neighborhood of Clay
and Kearny streets the "friend" had
escorted him to Portsmouth Square,
where he assaulted Mellon and re
lieved him of his last remittance from
Canada. This amounted to $15. His
"friend" had then deserted him. Mel
lon could not give the • name of his
"friend."
Mellon Says He Was Robbed.
CALIFORNIAXS AT THE FAIR.
Many Visitors Arc Attendine the St.
Louis Exposition From Various
Coast Towns.
ST. LOUIS, July 26. — The following
Californians are registered at the Cali
fornia building:
San Franclrco— L. J. Peck, W. T. Smith,
Dr F L. Juice Q. Cramer. E. B. Veazie. R.
W ' dntrell. O. A. Hlnk. E. S. Hill, J Beegan,
C Bollier H. Nadler. G. H. Ganachie. G. Mar
cus and wife. R. B. Rankin. S. Baker, Mrs.
S. H. Athearn. Mrs. L. de Mler, W. C. Alsen.
E T Hill, H. G. W. Dlnkelsplel. D. A Mc-
Knight, R. L. McKnight, D. Michael.
Oakland— M. Marckle and daughter. W. H.
Rabe E. J. Brown, F. L. Adams. M. D., and
family. E J. 'Murphy and wire, M. L. Schlue
ter and wife. J. Flsch and family, M. C.
Van poben Sels, F. J. Van Loben Sels, B.
F "SaVramen?o^-F7 Hart-ell. W. J. Swlchard.
SAB Swichard. D. J. Jenkins, J. R. Jones
and "wife. G. Wilson, Mrs. C. Slawson, A.
SI B7rkeley— T. C. Laughlln. W. C. 8mlth, Miss
E. Sleepard. C. Derelth Jr.
Miscellaneous— G. Noe. Woodland; _. M.
Morris. Stockton: W. F. Dlckson and wife.
Fureka; M A. Keller. Napa: J. E. Goodrlck,
Uklah; Mrs. T. J. Vaueh, Woodland: F. G.
Carmody. San Jose: H. B. Payne and wife.
Santa Barbara; R. Ellis. Pleasanton; M. Raise
Los Gatos: J. W. Overall. Kern County; V.
Ferguson, Chlco; Miss M. Guthrie, Winters;
O H Redman", Lakeport: M. J. Ferguson.
Folsom- E Sealock, Coallnga; H. Huey. Coal
inira; C. H. Beall. Kern Oty; C. W. Christen
scn, 'Selma.
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet. : ;\*^
Growth of the Christian Church.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— The com
mencement exercises of the Berkeley
Bible Seminary were held to-day at the
State Christian Church convention.
There was one graduate, C. R. Aldridge
of Corralitos, Santa Cruz County. Rev.
R. L. McHatton gave an Interesting
address this evening on the growth of
the Christian Church in California.
ST. LOUIS,' July 26. — Footsore,
travel-stained and weary, Renaldo
Walco, a British subject from San
Jose, Costa Rica, has reached the
World's Fair after a walk of 6000
miles only to find that he had been de
luded by a mythical prize of $15,000,
which he had heard had been offered
by the exposition company to the per
son who walked the longest distance
to attend the World's Fair.
WALKS SIX THOUSAND
MILES TO ATTEND FAIR
British Subject Competes for a Prize
of $15,000 and Finds He lias
Been Deluded.
"There Is no truth in this rumor.
We have spent $1,500,000 in filling In
the basin and it is now sound and will
meet our purpose admirably. If we
had any Intention of abandoning it
we certainly would* not petition the
Harbor Board for permission to re
move our freight slip from another
location to the northeast corner of the
basin."
This controversy disposed of, the ques
tion of the petition of the Santa Fe
was taken up. Captain A. H. Payson,
vice president of the railroad company,
said that up to date the corporation
had expended $111,303 33 in its efforts
to construct a firm slip at the foot of
Fourth gtreet, but without success. He
asked permission to construct a slip
at the northeast corner of China Basin
and the right to use the material again
in the Fourth-street slip. His request
was granted and bids for the recon
struction of the slip at the new loca
tion will be advertised for without de
lay. '. -,',«•*..'¦
Regarding the story that has been
circulated that the Santa Fe might
abandon the entire China Basin dis
trict. Captain Payson, after the ad
journment of the meeting of the board,
said:
FETITION IS GRANTED.
He asked that the board at least
agree to a test case; that it revoke the
permit of one of the dealers, and that
while the legality of such action was
being tested the other members of the
combine be permitted to continue busi
ness under the old sale unit. Attorney
Wise protested against such action, but
his protest was unnecessary.
Chairman Kirkpatrick of the board
said it was not within the province of
the board to consider matters of confu
sion or the lack of understanding of
English on the part of the mem'. ~rs of
the compact. All the board knew was
that the law was being violated and
it would proceed accordingly. The
board then directed that those j mem
bers of the combine who refused to
resign therefrom and accept the sale
unit fixed by the board be served with
written charges and directed to appear
before the board next Wednesday at
2 o'clock and show cause why their
permits should not be revoked. If they
do not resign from the combine imme
diately their right to sell produce on
the wharves will terminate at the time
set.
WANTS TO MAKE TEST.
On investigation the board found the
complaint well founded, and notified all
the parties to the agreement that un
less they forthwith filed with the board
their resignations from the combine
their permits to sell produce on the
wharves would be revoked. The board
also fixed the unit of sale at ten sacks
of potatoes and five sacks of onions.
This action resulted in immediate ac
tivity in the combine. Anxious to save
their permits, D. E. Allison & Co., the
American Produce Company, A. Friant
& Co.: Lercari, Pera & Co.; Macpher
son & Cochrane, Minaker & Wellbanks,
the Sacramento River Co-operators, L.
Scatena & Co., Wetmore Brothers,
Wood, Curtis & Co. and Wolf & Sons
immediately resigned from the com
bine.
But others were more anxious that
the combine should remain in power.
Among these were H. Bloom, the Eng
lish-Wallace Company, Glovannetti &
Son; Hunt, Hatch & Co.; Jonas, . Er
langer, Davis Co.; Marshall, Teggart
& Co.; G. B. Olcese & Co.; Schultze.
Hanse & Co.; Slmonl & Garbini, and
Webster & Dunbar. They employed
Attorney Reinstein and yesterday he
requested that the combine be allowed
to pursue its course, saying that a
change in the sale unit of potatoes and
onions would result in great confusion,
as many of the members of the com
bine were Italians who talked little
English and would be overwhelmed in
an effort to grasp the new situation.
NOTIFIED TO RESIGN.
Two important matters were consid
ered by the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday. One was the peti
tion of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company for permission to
move its ferry slip from the foot of
Fourth street to the northeast corner
of China basin; the other was the ef
fort of small dealers in produce to
put an end to the operations on the
city wharves of what is known as the
"potato combine." In the first instance
the railroad company won its point; in
the second victory was with the small
dealers.
J. B. Reinstein, attorney for the
wholesale dealers in produce compos
ing the "potato combine," whose ill
ness had resulted in long delay of the
hearing of the petition of the small
dealers, was present at yesterday's
meeting:, and therefore the matter was
taken up for final settlement. Briefly
stated, the grievance of the small deal
ers is this: The members of the "po
tato combine" agreed to refuse to sell
potatoes or onions to retailers in small
er lots than fifty sacks of the former
and twenty-five sacks of the latter.
The funds of many of the small dealers
were so limited that this agreement
vorked a great hardship upon them.
Through Attorney Otto H. Wise they
protested to the Harbor Board that the
Woodward law was being violated.
The remarkably cool weather that
has prevailed during the past week has
done much to dispel the popular belief
that St. Louis constantly sizzles
throughout the summer, and from all
parts of the country visitors are pour
ing in to enjoy the exposition during
the period of lowered temperature.
The installation of the Russian ex
hibits in the Varied Industry and Lib
eral Arts and Art palaces will begin to,
morrow. A telegram has been received
by Loupre Chex, in charge of the Rus
sian exhibits, to the effect that Benko
wltz Gedberg and his assistants, who
have arrived in America, will reach the
exposition to-morrow and begin the
work of installation.
ST. LOUIS, July 26. — Colonel Clarence
R. Edwards of the Insular Department,
who has arrived from Washington, an
nounces that President Roosevelt prob
ably will visit the World's Fair in Octo
ber. Colonel Edwards says that the
President is anxious to see the exposi
tion, and the details of the trip will
soon be completed.
Following the annual convention at
Cincinnati, Elks from all parts of the
country are visiting the World's Fair,
and to-day was designated as Elks*
day. President Francis of the exposi
tion, Exalted Grand Ruler W. J. O'Brien
of the Elks and other exposition offi
cials and prominent Elks occupied seats
in a wagon drawn by a twenty-mule
team which headed the grand proces
sion of Elks through the grounds to the
Temple of Fraternity, where the exer
cises of the day were held. Addresses
were delivered by President Francis
and Grand Exalted Ruler O'Brien.
Pope was married and had been em
ployed in the Crocker building for
several months. He was a steady man
and a member of the Engineers'
Union No. 64. Before coming to the
scene of his death he had been em
ployed as engineer at the Lurline
Baths on Bush street. The body was
sent to the morgue.
Through apparent forgetfulness of
threatening danger, Frank Pope of 806
Polk street, a night engineer in the
Crocker building, was crushed by a
descending counterweight in the cen
ter elevator shaft, at 7:45 last night.
Pope died before his body could be
liberated from beneath the weight.
Just prior to the accident Pope was
cleaning and oiling the center shaft.
He stood on the Iron crossbeam be
tween the second and third doors. He
had finished the part of the shaft
within his reach and signalled to J. J.
Dwyer, the operator of the middle
elevator, to take him a little higher.
As Pope was about to step to
the top of the car, a bell from the
eighth floor rang and Dwyer told Pope
to wait. Pope stepped back upon the
crossbeam and Dwyer asked him If he
was "all right" and Pope answered
"all clear." After the operater re
ceived this answer the car shot up
ward and the counterweight started to
descend. !*:).•;•¦
As the elevator neared the eighth
floor, Dwyer felt a sudden jar, the
car bounded slightyl and stopped. He
opened the elevator door on the eighth
floor and crawled out. Hastily run
ning down the stairs to the second
floor he saw Pope's body beneath the
counterweight of the elevator. In re
sponse to Dwyer's cries the night
watchman, Walter W. Meade, respond,
ed, and with the assistance of Special
Policeman Kelly, after some difficulty
they succeeded in extricating the body
of the unfortunate man. An ambu
lance from the Central Emergency,
Hospital answered to their call, but the
man was long past the help of a sur
geon. A hasty examination showed
that the weight had struck Pope
across the back of the neck and the
base of the skull, while he was In a
stooping position on the crossbeam,
and apparently oblivious of the swift
rushing weight above him. Before
the man could utter the faintest cry
the heavy weiprht had crushed him
down on the beam, fracturing his
skull and breaking his neck
Judge Kerrigan also granted a di
vorce to Erminia Daneri from Andrew
Daneri on the ground of neglect.
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce to
Jessie Ponton do Arce from Stanley
da Arce, a salesman employed by Suss
man, Wormser & Co., on the ground of
cruelty, the cruelty consisting in his
improper correspondence with other
women and his possession of
photographs of the objectionable fe
males. Some of photos were ex
hibited in court, and one of them was
a likeness of a woman who posed be
fore the camera in a costume little
short of "the altogether." According
to a stipulation filed the court awarded
the wife $90 a month alimony
and $150 for attorney's fees, together
with the custody of the two minor chil
dren.
Other suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by Clementina Kranz against
John Kranz on the ground of deser
tion and neglect; Elizabeth John
against Wiiliam John, desertion and
neglect; Frederick Ingle against Emily
Ingle, desertion; Edmund P. Morris
sey against Edward J. Morrissey, neg
lect and desertion.
Dr. R. A. Buchanan, connected with
the medical staff of the St. Helena
Sanitarium and assistant at the San
Francisco branch of the California
•Medical Missionary and Benevolent So
ciety, has decided that his wife's fre
quent charges of infidelity are suffi
ciently cruel to warrant him in apply
ing for a legal separation. In only one
case, according to the complaint, filed
yesterday, did she specify the person
with whom he was supposed to have
been guilty of improper conduct — Flor
ence Morrison — but she not only as
serted that women had been so asso
ciated with him, but declared that he
had made a house of ill repute out of
the institution employing him and had
violated his marriage vows with sev
eral of the nurses there engaged.
On one occasion, says tne doctor, his
wife came into a room full of persons
and declared that she had taken pois
on and was about to die. The state
ment was false. They were married
at Battle Creek, Mich., March 5, 1889,
and her jealousy first manifested itself
in July of last year, in this city." Three
children are the issue of their union
and the husband asks for their cus
tody. ;*,;, ;
President Francis and Ex
alted Ruler O'Brien Head
a Procession in Grounds
Gives Word to Go Ahead and
Next Instant Neck Is Brok
en and Skull Fractured
Wife Says She Had Taken
Poison— Mrs. de Arce Gets
a Decree and Alimony
Formal Charges Are Set for
Hearing Wednesday — San
ta Fe Obtains Site for Slip
FORGETS HIS DANGER
ELKS HAVE A BIG DAY
WILL REVOKE PERMITS
IS JEALOUS. OF NURSES
Crocker Building Engineer
Is Killed by Descending
Elevator Counterweight
Harbor Board Orders Sign
ers of Potato Compact
to Cease Illegal Acts
President Roosevelt Pre
pares *to Visit Exposition
in Month of October
Accusations Against Medi
cal Man Cause Him to
Ask Court for Divorce
LIFE CRUSHED
OUT IN SHAFT
NATION'S CHIEF
WILL SEE FAIR
DOCTOR'S WIFE
HATES RIVALS
BREAKS POWER
OF A COMBINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY ,27 t 1904.
7
!L -»_^_nP' - sP^ ydsVrA
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over T« Pctt et.. Pan Francisco^ CaJ.
£>t£b. 40 years. Open entire year.day & night.
___^ Write for circulars <fre«).
VftV UTFYFCIVri' bchool of music
*U,T IiiLltftII>Wr\ S4l FVLTON PT
SAN rnA.VClsrX). KstabliEhcd IV.;.'.
Pr«-Ptn!n*rt!>- the largest and best
«"<3u!pp«a #rhool on the Pacific Coast — ofTpr-
ir.g all the a^vantases of Eastern ani
European ccr.s"r»atories for a tfcsroush :
ir.uriral eflnratlon. PrcErpctn* upon ap-
p.lcatlcn. Vi!?:;o— ' to the World's Fair St ;
Lo-j«s. ar» in^.te.J to examine the exhibit I
ct the echool. F^urational Bulldln«- Call-
fo-aU Frhrr.l rrhlbit. !
New Quarfers—More Space
rrsxs .zooms.
Jt'*t racred into cur new rooms; new flre-
rrocf tuillias. 3 elevators, elewtrle llrhts '
»tfsn fceat. I'kj reor« for students than ever
trfor*. This Is tbe college that secures so
trtr.y rositiens.
San Francisco Business College,
TSS Mission Ft., year Third.
Polrtechnlo BobI- :
~~^£^^r£\?$^s. ae«» Colleire oad '
1 i^?C^f3 • 5 J^^^ School of Easri- j
'k/^JO^l^^S^k aeeria »- Oaklaad.
Cal^-Largest and
"" "'.ri'-rTTi ft *?* r !t>t:!«*l l*»t equipped school
PwHaJiMgaBBaBiot business, shorthand |
S^^WV.-^^ttWnrC and er.rineering west j
of Chicago. Perfect
.i^JLt*i»5_*_w^> ;>^ cliir.ate. Expenses
low. Write lor Ire*
J.- -i aje 'atalcsTU*.
¦ — * I
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AN'D GRANTS DrPLO-
MAS.
fSKnlrary course accredited to the Bnlversl-
t.«-? S.T.-2 ,«rad:rg Eastern colleres; rare opportu-
cttip* offered in music, art and elocution. Thlr- ;
ly-_x£b rear. Fii.il tena opens August 10, ',
1901 WrUe 'or cataiopu* t©
MRS C. T. MILLS, PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O.. CAU '
THE t-VCEU/Vl.
An accredited preparatory school for the unl- !
v- --::y. :ew end medical colleges. Is well j
1: v.t. tat Ho csreful aad thorough work. Corn* i
»::i be with us: « prepare you well: refer- i
t : -5 Fr«=Sdeut Jordan or any Stanford pro- i
i-fscr. Ptelan Bulldla»r. i
L. H. ORAL*. Ph. D.. Principal. i
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE. |
Ti ¦ i.^xt sess-'on T.i'l open on TUESDAY, i
-! 2. liKM. On that day resident students 1
r-u«t be Sn attendance at 1 p. m. and non- '
rw!iest students at 2 p. m. REV. R. E.
I N'XA. Pifgia^nt. '
fTTTT^W^ BL'SIMESS COLLEGE 1
/ V'/ t) * "fi\2 B^kkeeplng.- Tj-ptng. ,
I i ft " <"' r&l —" r 1^-"" 1 . Pennsanshlp. ;
!iSW I -i? fe%l Individual instruction. '
J- UlA__E__L! •-"•-^•tl--ed Courie. $5 a !
¦» i 1 ¦ ' ' 1-n tnooth; day and eve.
Bancroft Bkio.. 723 Market St. j
HAA1LIN SCHOOL
- AST) VAH 3)T_SS SE-TTWABY. ,
1M9 Jtckson tt.. H. F. licarding and day j
m h d fur e'-rls. Accredited by the leading !
cc:itKf? end uaiveT~:t!ea. Fpeciai attention j
riven to muFlc. Reopen* TUEPDAT. August !
6. ia04. SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
BELMONT SCHOOL!
FOB BOYS. BELJIONT. CAL.— Opens for new
ju;:'.s Aup. 15. For former pupils An?. 17.
r. REID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master.
— — — _ |
St. Mary's College, \
OAXXAZTS. CAL.
fVutits will be resumed MONDAY Aurn«t L
I •"-¦*. BRO. ZENONIAiJ. President. J
WPtTPRM Thorcugh business course, En*-
fltvlLnn ::sb> bocuceer-lns. shorthand, ar-
• Cllvfl'CCC ~— —etlCi Eipebra, etc.. Civil Ser-
tUiintoi Indliidual Instruction. P»-
fitlons far graduates. 6 mo. (day)
CO I IF"? |:jC>; Ki ' e - School. 6 mo.. $24.
>--->--- hot Market et.. cor. Seventh.
jf v ¦ c* • An enrollnaent ot |
B& rll OrrVlOw ?^ etudenu tells I
VJ^% • V. the etory of our |
/L I f\C C Ck. success ;new build- I
Wjjp v/ 1 **">{^ Iest, new Ideas.
I Oi I € CL <CJ wholesome college
V»»^ —^ Hit; Catalogue,
ft2S GoJCec Gate ave.. S. K.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON. Callfcrnla.
• First tTra cf I!K)3-G4 beplna on August 10.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON*. Principal.
MXSS W-ST'S SCHOOL FOB GIH-S.
-114 VAJJ NESS AVE.. opens Aug. 17. |
Jicrce ar.a Day tichooL • Accredited by leading i
ccHe^es.. For cata!cpue address MART B.
V.'EfcT. Principal. Kindergarten. Applications
TfctUvi between 1:30 and 3:30 z>. m. ¦..
BOOKE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
EESKEX.XrS',
B£0FtS.3 ICOITOAT. ATJO. 8.
p. a. Booms.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
FAKTINGtON-S. 42* PINE ST.
Oddest School in America,
***T> Z m e 1 "* MONDAY. AUK. L
DA.Y AND EVENING CLASS.
SAKTA CLABA OO__EQB.
Santa Clara. CaL
Studies will b? — ?Euicr d en Tuesday. Aurust
9 For further information apply to REV.
ROEEUT G. KENNA. S. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Coarfliitp a.ul day echocl for boys under 15 yrs.
Hitchcock Military Academy
FAN RAFAEL. CAU
"WILL BEOPEX on Au^st 18.
. Ataiy to the Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Kount Tamalpais Military Academy
can Rafael, cal.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Aug.
__¦ AR THUR CROSBY. P.p., Head Master.
P~-?-J?---W---j Is the most practl-
fi^l 1ST— I *!&i'.>7P" cai: recoramenaed
S^^^EESja b >' expert court re-
SlraSSraffiW! Porters. Send for
catalogue. 1382
... _ &larket Su & F
IIAITTIA School for boys; 14th year
fili I I I O ttrt i n^ r faculty thaa ever;
I 1 W I I I W perfect sanitation; ilW
trated caialoeue. W J
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Paric. Cai."
COLLEOE OP TXOTB.I1 DAME.
SAN JOfcU, CAL. Exciwuvely lor boardinr
ttudenu. Fi:ty-tfaird year. Courses: CUssTcXl
Literary. Kclentlflr. Conservatory Colics*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Prl-
n-.ary t lattcs. Studies ruumed Tuesday. Aug-
PA2.O ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦ t-t&nfrrd University — Boys and young 03%a
pr^perwl for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages in Modern
languages and H'gher Mathematics. Fall term
t>eg:ne Aagu«t r!2. For catalogue address
V-TXARD 6HIPLET. Palo Alt«. Cal
PKAGERS
I _ . This is the last f!
I Remember! Wednesday of I
I the month. [
I There Will Be
I Something Doing 1
I Qx» rragers * g
I Don't Miss It. |
I W^ ALWAYS RELIABLE
i 1250 MARKET ST.^U I
| i mi m l_l | IM Ml I ¦ ¦ I I— — B— _1 ¦ 1 II I ¦ _ ¦ ¦ I — _J— — — — — — M
>
hLmjmj.iiuiii-yji r iyiii'MsiiwM.is.B »wuuj'jyiwMMJ*'jj.LMi<iiiiwwjiwiimwiL>tau^^ Hl i«^jiujiji_ii_j
AMPSEanSSTS/ | AMrSE31EXTS.
cv « (*(&% BIUH31A SMFMesa:
Nightly, Excepting Sunday.
LUSTROUS VAUDEVILLE!
CHARMION;
Empire Comedy 4; Daoker-Bnsco-Abram-
off Grand Operatic Trio; Marcos and
Gartelle; Julian Rose; Tha Mysterious
Zancig-s; Musical Kleiat; Orp_e_m Mo-
tion Picture, and
ROSE COGHLAN,
Assisted by LTHIT PRATT. In "Th« Ac*
ot Trumps. 15
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25o
j and 50c.
CALIFORNIA^
! j ALL THIS WEEK— KATI5EE 8ATTJRDAT. g
¦ ¦ Elmer Walters Com- I I H
j r pany present Ing the fu- j c B
lhp rlously funny comedy- lhp y
I Ub melodrama. •«» |]
= Jnst Struck Town = 1
IJC SPECIAL— A 3-round 0C p P
S LuC b°«t between JOE PO- ffllj S
P DESTA and CHARLES H
____ AUGUSTUS. == H
Next — The season's PJ
rn^ great, climax, :^- rii i*
j hUP The Buffalo Mystery. W «
uuu Comraendnff with Sun- uwu H
I I day matinee. I ' I
[ COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS, j B
LAST WEEK OF
"A LUCKY STONE"
By Collin Davis and Frank Witmark.
MATIHEE BATUBDAT OaTXiT.
CHAPO.ES FROHMAN Praaenu
HENRY
In Madeleine Lucette Ryley's London and
New York Success.
MICE AND MEN
Aug. 8 — Henry Miller In "Joseph Entangled."
tivou'sssa
I ACT WFFlf OF THE famous
LAjl nCEA OPERATIC SENSATION
ROBIN HOOD
NEXT MONDAY EVE.— First Produc-
tlon In San Francisco of the Whirlwind
English Musical Comedy Triumph. THE
TOREADOR
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Moncton.
SEATS NOW READY.
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c. 00c. 75c.
Farewell "Robin Hood" Matinee Saturday-
TBS TOBEffS; "ailXE," POST-B'S DOO*
1 ' SPECIAL |
Commencing Monday Night Next. August 1,
Gi scant lc Spectacular Burlesque.
THE WHIRL OF THE TOWN
Three Great Acts, Pilled with New Songs,
Specialties and a World of Novelties.
First Appearance of LIONEL LAWRENCE
and Reappearance of FLOSSIE HOPE.
Seats now on sale, two weeks ahead.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICE3.
i This Week Only— Matinee Saturday '
I MR. JAMES NEILlil
¦ | In Harriet Ford's Great Play. f
{|AGENTLEMAN| l5 5oc 5c j
|Sh8naniloahL!L____J!
A T f*i A T7 A "n Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR rasa.
General Vanager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evff.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50c.
WHITE | And tea Alc-ar Stock Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In the Thrtllln* Romance,
RUPERT Anthony Hop*.
Sequel to the Prisoner of Zenda.
HENTZAU Grkt Cast.
"Admirably staged and well acted." — Post. '
"An enthusiastic reception." — Chronicle.
MONDAY. Ang. 1— SPECIAL PRODUCTION.
"THE LADY OF LYONS."
! MR WHITTLESEY as CLAUDE MELNOTTE-
i EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON as PAULINE
.
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
and ETealatr tn the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON TUB
ansrxATUKE e-ectbic rat-koad.
Two Yotmsr Iieopaxds tn tn« Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrtoa.
AMATEUR NIGHT '.TTURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "Th« Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS.
P*Ure> °0 N ' T f A!L TO
raidtc gee be-ntu-,
j COURT Lounging
A 11 fl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llTCind LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
n^i i,, DIES' WRITINO
Hotels r ° om -
g_J^ FAYOR-T£
EESCEIPTIOM
_** FOR WE4KWOWEM.'
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
Gt; ABA STEED CURB PO3 ME3T.
HAKiILIS3 IK JSCTXOir. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to curs
worst cases. SO OTH£S TESATMEUT
SEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PBETCHTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. S2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLY'S Pg-BMACT. 103 Eddy.
TJITlTT CO "CO B" 011 BARBERS. BA-
JjlllJorlllO ke "- bootblacks, bath-
wiiwwii-w houses, billiard Ubles.
brewers, bookblndars. candy makers, canners.
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phona Sooth 833
TONIGHT— AI_i THI3 WEEK.
• MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Scott Marble's Great Sensational Melodrama.
I GATES OF JUSTICE 1
A TREMENDOUS HIT EVERYWHERE.
Brilliant Cast! " Magnificent Scenery I
Massive Mechanical Effects!
First Appearance Here of th« Charming Soa-
brette,
VEEWE CASTKO.
DDirCC Evenlntrs.. .10c to 50a
rliltCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Next— Charley Hoyfs "SERGENAT JAMES."
anSCEXTLAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
OPENING OF NEW SEASON.
I SAN FRANCI >C0 vs. SEATTLE.
at RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison streets.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAT.
¦ 3:30 j>. m. > *
SATURDAY, 3 p. m.
SUNDAY, 2:30 p. m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAT.
Advance sale of teata at 5 Stockton street.
dye— 1 flour mills, foundries, laundries. pap«r-
hanfers, prlattrs, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailor* «c
BUCXA-TAH BSOS-
Bros- _t_nTLf«ct-rer«. 609 Sacramanto St.
_~a n n n f~h Outfits, Gqbs. Ammunl-
Hl &) fl tn I t !on . F5»hlns and Outin?
1 fil SUB fcf Ooods. Tents and guns to
a ¦ £a I Hal R* nt catauio fuee.
U fl 1911 SHREVE & BARBEU CO..
r " ¦¦¦¦¦ 733 Market sC
621 Ke— my St.. 8. F.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is ti« only coxa for Kottous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Toar Druggist or at 5»8 HAIQHT 8T-
Ban Francisco. Cal.
UU. T. HESS,
Hotary Public and Attorn ey-at-_*w.
Tentb Floor. Room 1013. Clans Spreckels bids.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 1902 McAllister st.
Residence T«leph >n« Paga SOU.
16Pa_iC8. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. .......
. f*t»*^ECTS^ J P^ Monday, July 25th I
£_S5£#S _Z_l_i2H_I_S_cM^^^t*iSfeVW« 7 m* j «*. i vvr H {
Ehte Enamel Ware |
a Model Kitchen at 33^% t*> 50% Reduction .0
tlwfflWnfMfflBHI^^ THE BEST ENAMEL g
¦•.¦¦..¦ WARJE ON THE MARKET , W
m HERE ARE A FEW OF THE MANY BARGAINS 1
W i-flt Sauce Dan UlnTf! Kin-Hpp Dinner Plates— Reg- §
m i qi. _savcc _*aii .mm i,/ uisi-nee ular prlce 2OC| <^ n
II Regular price AfTp \. | I . Coffee* Pn* Special.... i^JL |
» 70c, Special. .' "TvJV-» )\ I&JLJ VAJilCC rUl _ . o S3
H ' YolMlifi The best coffee pot on C q P S flIU * S fll|CerS ~ 13
# 3-Ot Pudding Pan— %EUi 1 the market-based on r g ular price 1g Q S
1 Regular price QfT^ scientific principles. 35C Special ., lOO A
H 50c, Spiciai . . <_-ou jm |v simp , e Economical Large Size Wash i
H ' *t«UlJI_JISj*' Reliable Clean BASIN- Regular O/^|-> §1
« 10-qt,. Milk Pan— prices- 1 -pint size $1.25) m price 50C * spedaI> OWI -* @
H Regular price Af\ n 2-quart size I $1.50 V AU 4UC Gallon Plt*CherS — ®
& 8oc, Special ,. "+W^ 3.quartsize $ 1.75J Regular price $1 o^ 1
@ (Ail sliehtly damaged) $I . 70, Special H
9 p poam Pit_-Kor— CaU and have a cup. of -coffee— Whle-wi-. e _ o__ D Y H
h tream t*ii#cner— demonstrate the usefulness of this coffee pot, St#ew, Pan— Regular B
M Regular price QfjO in our Household Department— you are all price 50c, QCa M
B 50c, Special .. v-»V-rv> welcome to investigate its value. Special.... OOt A
# a nominal 1 19^^*? GUTTER 5R^-' same reduc! 1
W cost.. I I_&_ii""l«3-<- ¦¦¦29+J * * trir^ 3P * - Lions. MAlleged Burglar Caught.
Literary Thief Out on BaU.
Constant Marchant, the 'old French
man who was arrested for abstracting
lurid literature from a tetter box, was
before United States '"Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. Though there was
no witnesses to Marchanfs theft, the
old fellow admitted his guilt. Judge
Heacock permitted him to go on bis
own recognizance.
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— The first
game of the second part of the cham
pionship, season was a wild, weird ex
hibition, which went to the locals by
the score of 5 to 4, because Schmidt
was batted hard and because of nu
merous errore. The game was fall of
ill 6ort» of displays, constant kicking
Commuters Lose to Uie Anjrels. as
Schmidt Is Batted Hard.
OAKLAND'S WEIRD EXHIBITION.
from the Oakland . players and hard
hitting by the locals. Score:
IxM Angeles — 1 Oakland
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB,R. H. P.A.
Brnrd. cf 4 1 2 2 0 Frncks, s 4 1 1 6 8.
Flood. 2b 4 1 1 8 3 Ganly, rf 4 0 11 1
Emith, 8b 4 1 1 2 4 Dnlvy. If 8 2 3 O 0
Brshr. lb 4 1 1 18 1 Schlfly,2b 2 0 111
Cravth.rf 4 0 3 1 0M'Kun,2b2 0 0 10
Ross, If.. 4 0 11 1 Krugr, cf 4 0 110
Wheelr.s 3 0 10 7 Devrx, 3b 4 1 0 2 1
Bples, c. 3 1 1 8 0 Streib, lb 4 0 2 8 1
Hall. p.. 1 0. 0 0 !• Byrnes, c4 0 0 4 4
Gray. p.. 1 0 0 0 0 Schmdt.p 3 0 0 11
Baum. p. 1 0 • 0 0 •Graham. 10 0 0 0
Totals.89 B II 27 ie' Totals.35 ~4 ~8 24 12
•Graham batted for Schmidt In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anseles 2 110 1 0 0 0 x— 5
Base hits 32211101 x— 11
Oakland 0 1 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 4
Baee hits 11203000 1—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen base*— Braehear, Schlafley. Krag-er.
Krrort— Bernarf. Br&ehear, Cravatb, Wheeler,
Devereaux (3), Streib, . Byrnes. Hits— Oft Hall
4, off Gray 8, off Baum 1. Thr«e-ba«e hit-
Bernard. Two-baee hlta — Smith, Francks,
Braahear. Ganley, Flood. Dunleavy, Wheeler.
Sacrifice hit — Wheeler. Fir»t base on errors—
Lob Anseles 3 Oakland 2. I L«f t on bases — Los
Anseles 6, Oakland 6. .Base on balls — By Hall
1. Struck out — By Schmidt 2, by Gray 1 by
Baum 2. Double plays— Wheeler to Flood to
Bra«hear; Ganley to Francks. Time cf nat-
"White Hat" Dan McCarty has re
pudiated a bet made with F. H. Jer
myn of Scran ton, Pa,,and" is suing
John C. Kirkpatrick' for the recovery of
$1000 placed with him as a. forfeit on
April 26 last, when the wager was
made. According to the copy of the
agreement attached to McCarty's com
plaint filed yesterday in the Superior
Court, Jermyn agreed to- wager $2500
that McCarty's sorrel mare, Lillian
Palmer, would not make a record of
2:10 in a race on -a public track dur
ing the year 1904.
Both parties ,to the wager ,were to
put up $1000 forfeit" with' Kirkpatrick
and the remaining $1500 was to be put
up before the; first, of July. McCarty
alleges that on June 30 he repudiated
the bet and demanded a return of his
forfeit from Kirkpatrick, who declined
to surrender the money. It is -not re
lated in the complaint that "White
Hat" lost faith in the mare's ' speed ,or
that she met with any setback which
would make it impossible for her to
get the fast mark he had set for her
early in- the springtime. His attorney
is James H. Creely/ -
Repudiates a Bet and Now Sues John
C. Kirkpatrick for Return of
Money Posted. £v* :
"WHITE HAT" DAN McCARTY
WANTS HIS FORFEIT BACK
' .: It is stated that the charges are
similar to those returned some months
ago and thrown out of court on a de
murrer. It was then held by the
court that Ryan, the only defendant
who was j tried, was acting as trustee
for the depositors and not subject to
indictment for embezzlement.- When
this ruling was made the cases against
Gill and Arnold were discontinued.
Since then Mr. Folk and his assist
ants have been conducting a systemat
ic and thorough search of the statutes
for a means by /which an indictment
could be drawn that would withstand
the technical objections of the defense
and they believe that they have found
the way. - . ' " r
ST. LOUIS. July 2G. — New indict
ments have been found against John
J. Ryan, operator of an alleged "get
rlch-quick" race concern, and L. A.
Gill, manager of the Arnold Company,
by the Grand Jury, which has recently
heard considerable evidence against
the men in question. Ryan has been
arrested. •
There are seven of the new indict
ments. Four are against Ryan, three
charging grand larceny and one
charging embezzlement, and three
against Gill, two charging grand lar
ceny and one charging embezzlement.
Four Indictments Are Found Against
the Big Turfman by St. Louis
Grand Jury.
PLUNGER JOHN J. RYAN
%¦& AGAIN IN THE TOILS
This was fully discussed, but no con
clusion was reached. The committee
will .shortly send . a circular to all the
parlors to interest them in the matter.
; It is said that the Fraternal Order
of. Eagles .will' undoubtedly go to St.
Louis in time to ' be at the fair on
Admission day, and it is thought that
if the three orders can secure a good
representation of each arrangements
can.be made for several special trains
to convey the excursionists.
"The 'representatives of the several
railroads were present and they were
consulted : as to rates, with the idea
of securing a lower one than $67 for
going and returning. That rate is now
charged for excursionists to the
World's Fair. :
The Grand Parlor committee of. the
Native Sons of the Golden West that
has In hand the matter of arranging
for an excurslpn of Native Sons of the
Golden West to go to St. Louis to take
part in 'the celebration of California's
Admission day held a protracted meet-
Ing in the grand secretary's office yes
terday and had present by special in
vitation . Past Grand Presidents Con
rad and Tillmann and Grand Secretary
Frakes of the Native Daughters and
Ed Head of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles. *':
Charles H. McLaughlin, grand pres
ident, occupied the chair and Judge
R. H. McNoble, past grand : president,
was the secretary. .
The representatives of the Native
Daughters were informed that it was
desired to have a - representation of
members t»f that order at the St. Louis
celebration and it .was suggested that
action be taken . along the line of
carrying out the plan.
The Native Sons' Committee Wants a
Better Rate to St. Louis
and Return. ,
Hermann Suderman's drama, "Fritz
chen," was translated by William J.
Stack, who played the lead. He ac
quitted himself acceptably. The ver
satile work of, Nat Phillips deserves
especial mention, his portrayal of the
father showing talent. Miss Ruby
Ramdohr aa the mother was accept
able in a hard part and Miss Aimee
Buckley was charming. The Incidental
characters were rendered by Ernest
Llewellyn and W. H. Richardson.
The students of a local School of Act
ing presented three clever one-act
sketches at the Alcazar Theater yester
day afternoon. There was an audience
of admiring friends and many critical
professionals. The students acquitted
themselves well.
The first sketch was by Martin V.
Merle, entitled "The Prairie Judg
ment," staged in a setting similar to
the last act of "Soldiers of Fortune."
It was given by Nat Phillips, Lester
Alden, Claude Nelson and Lawrence
McKenna. This was by far the best
and most uniformly acted play of the
afternoon.
"Mars Van," a Virginia romance by
Emma Sheridan Fry and Mrs. E. G.
Southerland, gave opportunity for
clever work by Miss Margaret lies aa
the pickaninny and Miss Marjorie
Rambeau as Barbara. Gillmore
Walker's rendering of Lieutenant Car
ter was marred by nervousness. Miss
Iola Hawley and J. Ross Birchett com
pleted the cast.
FOR ADMISSION DAY . i «*
AT THE WORLD'S FAIR
CLEVER AMATEURS FILL
THE ALCAZAR THEATER
i:rron»— Casey. Beck. Struck out— Bv Thomas
4. by Butler 6. Bases on balls— Oft Thomas 2,
<-H Butler 2. Hit by pitcher— Thlelmaa. Passed
ball— llogan. Stolen babes— Mclaughlin (2)
I/ynch. Shea. Two-base hits— Graham, Mc-
Crr-edle. First base on errors — Tacoma. 1, Port
land 1. Earned rung — Tacoroa 4. Sacrifice htte
— Hoitan (2). Steelman. Double play— Mc-
Creedie to B*ck. Left on basr* — Tacoma 6
I'crtlari C Time of sane — One honr and thirl
ty imrjutes. Umpires— O'Connell aad McDonald.
SUMMARY.
TACOMA. July 26.— The sight of the
pennant for the first half of the season
floating over the park put new life into
the Tigers to-day and they played a
eplendid game, backing up Thomas
welL The latter was at his best.
Mayor Wright opened the game
by pitching the first ball. Only two
of Dugdale's men saw third base. Shea
being caught at the plate. Butler
pitched well, but was found easy In
the eighth, wtoen three runs came in
on hits by Casey, Graham, Thomas,
Doyle and McLaughlin. Casey scored
the first run on his single, Hogan's
sacrifice an<3 a safe one by Thomas.
Nordyke is still out of the game with
his injured hand. Graham covered
the first bag. The score: :
Tacoma — 1 Portland —
AB. R. H..P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Doylcrf. 4 0 11 0 Nadau.lf 4 0 0 0 0
£h*hn.3b 4 0 12 2 McOSe.rf 4 0 14 1
McLgn.lf 3 f> 1 3 2,Tnlran.cf 2 0 10 0
Eagan, •. 4 0 0 1 3 B*ck.lb. 3 0 0 11 0
Lynch.cf Z «J O 2 0 Raymd.s 1 4 0 12 2
* asey,2b 4 2 2 5 1 ( Stelmn.3b 3 0 0 0 4
Iiosan.c. 2OOC liCastro.2b 80018
•Jrahrn.lb 3 117 S:thea.c... 3 0 0 6 0
Thmacp 3 12 1 1 15utl«-r,p. 3 0 2 0 2
Totals. 30 4 S 27 13 1 Totals. 29 0 6 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ts.coTna 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 0 x 4
Ba*e hits 00001205 x 8
Portland O 0 0 0 0 • 0 0 0 0
Base cits OOO11O12 0 S
Tigers Arc Inspired by the Sight and
Play Good BaU.
PENNANT FLOATS O'ER TACOMA.
CHICAGO, July 26.— The Grand Jury,
after Indicting twenty-four bookmakers
this afternoon, ordered Sherln* Bar
rett to begin a campaign for the sup
pression of race track gambling in
Cook County. Just how soon the Sher
iff's deputies are to swoop down upon
the bookmakers and their patrons he
did not intimate, but as ; he left 'the
Grand Jury room after an uncomforta
ble interview with the inquistors he
remarked: "I will do as they have re
quested."
Their "request" was presented to the
Sheriff in the form of a resolution that
had been deferred until to-day for ac
tion, when all interests represented in
the effort to check gambling at tracks
near this city were on hand prepared
to "show down."
Indicted bookmakers include all those
now operating at Hawthorne.
Orders Sheriff Barrett to Begin a
Campaign for the Suppression
of Track Gambling.
CHICAGO GRAND JURY
AFTER THE BOOKMAKERS
First race — Alice Commoner. My
Alice, My Gem.
Second race — Golden Way, Weird,
Allegiance.
Third race — Bragg, Jerry Lynch,
Hu/./ah.
Fourth race — John SmulskJ, Useful
Lady, Mum.
Fifth race-^Cclebration, Frivol, Mi
Reinn.
Sixth race — The Belle, Monte, Ten
nybum.
Condition of the track — Fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicaso Inter Ocean.
First race, four furlongs, telling — Rattier
won, Sunday second, Meteora third. Time, :4S.
Second race, four furlongs, selling — Swift
Queen won, Anita Knight second. Lou Otstot
third. Time, :49}i-
Third rac«, six furlongs, selling — Vaughan
won, Gaucho second, J. Flannlgan third. Time,
1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
ing — Leash won, Invictua second, Budd Wade
third. Time. 1:44U-
Fifth race, six furlong*, selling — Charley
Schweizer won, Penzance second. Dr. Sherman
third. Tim«, 1:16.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Slpper
won. Lady Rice second. Anvil third. Time,
1:27.
SEAffTLE. Wash., July 26. — Summary at
the liRadows :
Seattle Race Results.
First race— Darthula, ,The Cook,
Trlxle White.
Second race — Potter, Baggerly, Lady
Ray.
Third race— Arch Oldham, Zinda,
Arlena.
Fourth race — Ancke, Falkland.
Orient.
Fifth race— Gasll»hter, Dr. Kier,
SOnsr.
Sixth race^ — Operator, Bensonhurst,
Atlas.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Bell Plays Clever Tennis,
BOSTON, July 26.— In the. Long
wood Cricket Club's tennis tourna
ment the star match to-day was be
tween Malcolm Ward ot Orange, N.
J., and A. E. Bell of California, and
although the Eastern man won, hi3
opponent gave him a stiff four-set bat
tie. Ward found it harder to meet his
own kind of play (the net style) than
the long back court game of his most
familiar Eastern opponents. During
the first set he could not get into his
swing and was unsteady, with th« re
sult that Bell won, 9 to 7. Ward thea
braced and won the next three sets
and the match, although Bell pressed
him hard repeatedly. Score, 7-9 6-4
-2, 6-4.
Automobiles Reach Albany.
ALBANY, X. Y.. July 26.— The au
tomobiles which are making the run
from New York to St. Louis arrived
here this afternoon. They remained
here to-night.
Cricket Match a Draw.
LONDON, July 26.— The cricket
match begun to-day between Reptoa
School and Haverford (Philadelphia)
resulted in a draw.
Chemists say arsenic Is present la
eggs.
First ract; — The Musketeer, King
Pepper, Jack McKeon.
Second race — Cock Robin, Walter
Cleary, Philma Paxton.
Third race — Duke of Kcndal,
Conkling. Unmasked.
Fourth race— -Thomas entry (St.
Bellunc nnd Voladay), Mini ha Gor
man. Gold Ten.
,Fffth, race — Possession, Duke of
Kendai, Rosetint.
Sixth rac<> — Amber Jack, Trapper,
McGinnis entry.
Condition of track — Heavy.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The feature
event to-morrow at Brighton Beach
will be the Holiday Stakes at five and
a half furlongs for two-year-olds. The
da$'s entries:
f. First race, six furlongs — Toi San 98, Jack
McKeon 100. The Captain 102, King Pepper
10S, Cloten 10S, The Musketeer 113, Stalwart
120. Damon 122, Instold 123.
Second race, steeplechase, shcivt course
Perion 132. East Kelston 132, "Woden 135,
Roytlla 140, Gortnagallon 1(1. Walter Cleary
153, Philma Paxton 145. Cock Robin 153. Black
Death 1C0.
Third race, one and a sixteen miles— Bob
Murphy 8», Conkllns S4, Brooklynite S4 Palm
Reader 09. Gold Dome 93, The Bowery 97.
Baikal lO.'J, Agnes D 103, Lord Melbourne 103,
Unmasked 103. Atwood 104, April Shower 106
Numeral lOtf. Old England 88, Duke of Kendai
111. Buckleya 104.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, the
Holiday stak«*s — Gold Ten 90. Raiment 09,
Dance Music 99. Dazzle 102, Martha Gorman
lft*. -Merry Lark 107. Voladay 107 St. Bellane
109. TongorJer 112, Brush Up 99. (St. Bellane
and Voleday, Thomas entry.)
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles — W. B.
Fasig 97, Illyria 100. Hydrangea 102, Posses
sion 100, Duke of Kendai 119, Rosetlnt 121,
Eugenia Burch 120.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Miller's Daughter
09. Spar 09. Coloesal 102, Trapper 102, Black
Prince 1C2. Light Note 102. Jetsam 102, Cedar
strome 102. 'Amber Jack 107. Austin Allen 117
Buttling 1J7. (Austin Allen and Buttling, Me
Glnnls entry.)
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Maud Muller 94, Ethel Wheat 96, Glo
rlosa OS, Rabunta 9S, Bill Massie 98, Ml Reina
00, Bummer II 101, Firing Line 101, Frivol
103, Celebration 103, Federal 103. O'Hagen 103,
Lonz More 106, Ben Chance 106.
Sixth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile —
Fleetwood 103, Clydeo 103. Tennyburn 108.
Gleeman 108, CEDitanaxo 108. Frances Dillon
110, No Trumper 113, Costigan 113, Albert Fir
113, Monte 113. The Belle 115.
Third race, one and an eightn miles, handi
cap — Jerry Lynch 100, Huzzah 105, Judge
llmifs 111, Bragg llii.
Fourth race, four furlongs — Useful Lady 104,
Hinted 104. Broadway Girl 104, Bologna 104,
AVatchzuard 104. Mum 1<M, Happy Jack 107,
Hum's Horn 107, John Smulski 107, El Otros
107, West Brookfleld 107, Prince Brutus 107,
Doc Wallace 107.
Second race, short course, steeplechase, han
dicap — Allegiance 125, Alma. Girl 130, Sweet
Jane 13u, Donaml 137, Weird 138, Golden
Way 1M.
CHICAGO, July 26. — The entries for
to-morrow's naces at Hawthorne track
follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Dod An
derson 102, Xannan Iu2, Nona \v 102, Fair
Allien 1(C Alice Commoner 107, Artifice 107,
Bernice 107, Seven Oaks 107. Maud Moser 107,
Shower 107. My Gem 112, My Alice 112, Free
bias 112, Annora J 112, Lady Blair 117.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons
of the Golden West, tendered a supper
last night in a Pine-street restaurant
to the officers who on the previous
Tuesday were installed for the cur
rent term and to those who retired
after having served for six months.
There were in the dining-hall about
one hundred and fifty members of the
parlor and several invited guests. Carl
Granz, the toastmaster, was flanked
on each side at the head of the table
by the new officers. Departing from
the custom of waiting until the last
course had been served before intro
ducing those who had been selected to
respond to toasts and entertain with
songs, the toastmaster called upon the
selected ones betwen courses. Henry
Lleb sang the "Stein Song," the mem
bers joining in the chorus. Dick Lee
sang the "Heidelberg Song," after
which J. J. Lerman responded to
"Stanford Parlor," and while lament
ing the fact that Stanford did not gain
grand parlor honors in Vallejo, it had
the proved satisfaction of knowing
that many of the Slate and city of
ficials are members of the parlor.
Messrs. Dunn, Eckenroth and Hunt,
members of the organization, favored
with several trios. R. B. McMillan,
a new member, responded in eloquent
language to "Our Order." Dr. W. H.
Sieberst entertained with German spe
cialties and then told in dialect song of
the several officers who are to rule
Stanford during the next six months.
Charles A. Sweigert responded to "Cal
ifornia." Peter Weineger. "the lost
brother," who recently returned from
a visit East, told of his wanderings and
declared that there are "only two cities
in the United States. New York and
California." District Deputy G. W. Ger
hard told of "old times in Toulumne,"
and the party broke up after singing
"In the Good 'Old Summer Time," due
next October. Vv:
Members of Number SeventySlx
Listen to Songs and Oratorical
Efforts.
STANFORD PARLOR DINES
/ NEW AND OLD OFFICERS
The September tournament will
commence Friday, September 2, and
will end on September 1Q. Entries
will close at 5 p. m. August* 31. It
was decided that all men's matches
should be three sets out of five, but
next year there will probably be a
change in regard to this. „•
All of the delegates" were present for
the first time in several years. Th»
following are the delegates: Jules
Brady, Dr. Sumner Hardy, Percy Mur
dock. W. B. Collier, Stewart Gaynesa,
R. N. Whitney -and Grant Smith.
The delegates to the Pacific States
Lawn Tennis Association, njet. last
evening to appoint a tournament com
mittee and a referee .for the coast
championship tournaments in Septem
ber. The following committee was
chosen: Charles G. Kuehn, Harry
Rolfe, Charles Dunlap arid Stewart
Gayness. Frank Stringham will bo
referee.
nis Association Meet and Discuss
Championship Details.
Delegates to Pacific States Lawi^Ten^
STRIXGHAM WILL REFEREEi
COAST TENNIS TOURNAMENT
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles.
handicap — Sambo 107. The Regent 100, Falk
land 100, Ancke 97. Byron Rose 03, Orient S»5.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards — Gag
Lighter 111. Irby Bennett 110, Dr. Kier 108,
Sting 108. Caithness 10S. lvernla 1U7, Bucdeuth
107. Dr. Hart 104, Lee King 104. Baby Hall
102. Ada N 102, Ray 107.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Operator
113. Hilee 111. Evening Star 107, Tally H 107,
Dolly Gray 103, Stumptown 103, Jimalong 102,
King Rose 100, Erema 100. Harfang 99, Lady
Vashti 98, Blissful 98, Atlas S3, Bensonhurst
107.
First race, flve furlongs, maidens — The Only
"Way 10S. His Worship 108, The Cook 105, Ana
darco 105, Trlxle White 105 Mamie Thorpe 105,
Sweat Swaar 105, Darthula 105, Dave Stahl
105. Alice Platt 105, Hello Girl 100.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Floridor
110. Tristan Shandy 1O7. Phiora 107, K4I0 107,
Oudon 105. Mohave 105. Metlakatla 105. Wai
terln 105. Potter 105. Dallas 105, W. H.
Palmer 102. Bandillo 102, Baggerly 102, Lady
Ray 100.
Third race, four and a half furlongs, selling
— Arch Oldham 112, Zlnda 109, Auroceiver 104,
Angleta Oil. Harlequin OS, Loyal Street 95,
Arlena 95. Edith May 90. Fay Templeton 90,
Hilona 90. i
ST. LOUIS, .July 26. — The entries
for the races at the Fair Grounds to
morrow follow:
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
PHILADELPHIA, July 26. — Detroit won to
day's game principally through the fine pitch-
Ing, of Klllian. Bender relieved Plank at the
end of 'the eighth inning -and the visitors
failed to get a hit off him. Attendance, 3000.
Score: , •
R. H. E.
Detroit 2 8 0
Philadelphia 1 7 1
Batteries — Killlan and Woods; Bender,
Plank, Powers and Schreck.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The Washington-
Cleveland game was postponed on account of
wet crounds.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
BOSTON. July 26. — The champions had to
day's game well in hand until the ninth
Inning, when, with two men out. Ferris
kicked Dundon's grounder into left field and
Donahue scored from first base. Tannehlll's
hit then allowed Dundon to score the winning
run. Attendance, C500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 1
Boston 3 8 1
Batteries — AJtrock and McFarland; J. Tan
nehill and Cricer. . •
(National League.) I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York... 59 23 .720 Boston 51 31 .622
Chicago 50 32 .610| Chicago 8134.600
Cincinnati ..61 34 .600|New York... 47 33 .5SS
Pittsburg ...45 34 .STOiCleveland ...44 S3 .571
St. Louis ...45 37 .M9 Philadelphia. 42 38 .525
Brooklyn ...31 56 .356,St. Louis ...34 42 .448
Boston \ 30 56 .343lDetroit ,33 46 .418
Philadelphia. 21 60 .259. Washington. .16 61 .208
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, July 26. — To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle, which Chicago won In the
fifth inning on two singles, Seymour's error
and a long fly. Attendance, 2000. Score :
. n. h. e.
Chicago 3 D 1
Cincinnati f 1 4 2
Batteries — Wicker and Kllnr: Ewing and
Schlei. Umpires — Jobnstone and Moran.
BOSTON. July 26. — A small crowd eaw an
old-fashioned free hitting game to-day. Dug
gleby was retired in the fourth inning. At
tendance. 150. Score:
Philadelphia S 18 4
Boston 7 14 1
Batteries — Duggleby. Sudhoff and Roth; Wil-
Ud and Moran. Umpires — Dooln and Wllhelm.
PITTSBURG. July 26. — St. Louis won the
game In the first inning by hitting Leever hard
and with the assistance of iwo errors. At
tendance. 2650. Score:
R. H. E.
PittFburg 1 8 2
St. Louis C 12 1
Batteries — Lee\-er. Miller and Smith; Taylor
and Grady. Umpire — Eroslie.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Boston Has the Colts Beaten Until
Ninth Inning,* When Xiuck Goes
Against Champions.
CHICAGO BREAKS UP GAJtE
DUREXG THE FIFTH INNING
Eeji FracfeiECo eased a run througn in
the second spasm. Cy Townsend rapped
to th» center field . fence* for p. three
ccchioner. He a elumbered on the sack
-while Miller -was being disposed of,
ehort "to first. It looked "a trifle du
bious, bet Anderson stole fa a scratchy
one that barely.escaped Hall and 90 Cy
was there with the tally. •
The game progressed ra*pj.dly till the
eighth, when Seattle landed for- two.
Mohler banged safely over third, but
Frisk forced him. Williams let go a
ehort pop to left and as Hildebrand
ivas dashing in after the ball he stub
bed his toe and just barely let the
sphere set away from him. Frisk went
around to third, and Williams promptly
stole second, both arriving when Smith
nanged one out to left that Hildebrand
allowed to go through him this time.
San Francisco forged into the lead
again in tbWr half of the eighth. Leahy
beat out an infield hit and arrived
v. hen Waldron smashed the leather to
the right field fence for three. Meany
clapped a '.varm one to Mohler, but
Hall dropped .the throw and Waldron
arrived on the play. Captain Irwin
spoiled any fun that might have been
in store by hitting to Van Haltren, who
double! Meany at second.. "
With one gone in the .ninth, Wilson
bingled to left and Hughes followed
suit. Van Ilaltren drove a simple one
at Anderson, who fumbled, "and every
one was safe. Mohler drew a four
spot, forcing Wilson in, and Hughes
easily spiked the pan on a long .fly to
left field by Delehanty.- Score:
San Francisco — ! Seatfl* —
AB*. H. P.A. 1 AB.R. H. P.A.
TUdm cf4 1 1 2 .0 V Hltn.cf 4 • 0 0 2 1
Hildbd, If 1 0 0 3 1 Mohlr. 2b 3 0 2 8 4
Mcacy. rf 4 0 1 3 0 Dlhty.* Sb 4 0 0 1 0
Im1n. Sb 4 0 O 2 2 Frisk If. 3 1 0 2 0
Twnsd.lb 4 1 2 7 I Wilros.lb 3 10 8 1
MI!l*>r.2b 4 O 1 3 3!«mith, rf 4 O 2 0 1
Andrcn,s 4 0 12 2 Hall, si. 4 O 2 1 6
3.**fcy. c. 4 1 1 S 3 Wilson, c 4 1 1 4 3
\f!*len,p 3 0 0 0 1 Hughes.p 4 1110
Total*. 32 3 7 27 13 Total*. 33. 4 8 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BX INNINGS.
6«attle* 0 0000002 2—4
Baee hits 1 1 O 1 0 1 © 2 '2— 8
Ean Fraacisco... 01 000002 O — 3
Bate hli« 0 200 01 1 2 1—7
SUMMARY.
Error* — Hildebrand (2), Anderson, Hall,
Jlohler. Stolen bases — Mohler (2), Williams,
Miller. KsJ!. Three-base hits — Townsend.
Waieron. First base on errors — San Francisco
1, Seattle 2. First base on called balls — Oft
TThS-len. 8; off Hughea. 2. Left on bases — San
Francisso C. Seattle 8. Struck out — By Wha.
!*n, 0; br Hughps, 5. Hit by pitcher— Frisk,
Hildebrand. Double play — Van Haltren to
Mohler. Time of G«roe — One hour and forty
five tniaute*. Umpire — McCarthy.
Therfe xr^r* raoce tunu *rrd twtets
and chaftiees In- the" ball gram* at O&k
lend reeterday than can b* found' In* a
dozen ordinary diamond raixspa, ' For
a long, time Ban Fsandsco led.' Then
the Slir&shes beat tfcem to It by a run.
After which the hopie team again pa
raded to the freht. But &*p£tle got
hers In the last round finally aod that's
the ttn;e It 'counts most. Score, 4 to 3.
It was the first, game of the second
half of the seaeorvacd naturally both.
xnanagsn ware anxious to get It. So
anxious -were they 'that they infused
some of their ainxiety Into the breasts
of tbe totssers themselves. It was. so
bUDV* tfttb them that .the nervous
strain tcmed several easy chance* in
to «roiB osd these plays* changed the
entire aspect ef the fight.
Both TTh'alea and fiughes p>ct forth
their best In an endeavor to b* the big
chief Kith the management They
twirled that kind of ball-that figures
feboet a ran *a game. vThalen started
off mse a Ujfrer In a round, but after he
pdled otit of a bad hoi*. In the first
litnlng he cad the northern" sluggers on'
hie eta£ until the -last two lxmings: .
CPvAiLr Coast I* trie)
W. U Pct.| • ' XT. I*. Tet.
TBCosaa. ...1 0 1000 Oakland. ... 0 1 .000
Eeattl* 1 0 lOOOiSan Fr»a...'O 1 .00»i
loa Aac«i«« I 9 1000!Port!«£w ... 9 i .000
STAitDOCO OF'THB C3JOB&
Jield in the Pavilion at Sacramento
'from .August S3 to September 3. The
affair will be held under the rules of
the Horse Show Association of the Pa
cific Coast and. of the State Agricul
tural Society. •*
Richard Graham, who has been an
efficient ringmaster at all the shows
held here and in Burlihrame. will have
oharjpe of the show. He is thoroughly
familiar with all the details oonnected
with euch an affair. He has already
laid out the rin*, which will be 68 feet
by' ITS. This will have a foundation
of sand, over -which will be spread the
customary tanbark.
There are sixty classes listed, which
should give all horse fanciers an op
portunity lo be represented. They also
include contests In riding, driving and
jumping for horses and ponies; riding
tournaments for both gentlemen and
ladies, riding And driving by profes
sionals, four-in-hand, tandem and uni
corn teams and other features that will
.b«Tvarled from night to night, giving
a new programme for each evening to
keep the Interest alive to the last. It
Is hoped also by the State Fair man
agement that the pdlo players will
being up their ponies and: give an ex
hibition of the game, the one eiven
several years ago having excited much
interest.
The* management of the California
Btat« Fair will try an Innovation this
year by promoting In addition to the
racing and other displays a horse show
on an aoxbitlous scale. This will be
Stanley Dillon was bred at Santa
Rosa Stock Farm, being By Sidney Dil
lon out of Athenian. a'Steinway. mare.
He was sold to J. H. Brown of Detroit
at the Cleveland Blueribbon sale .last
year for $550.
2:16 pac*. purse $1500. three In flr« leato—
Briny -won three straight *heats Us 2:10'i.
2:12*4, 2:11%. Vice Regal, JaCa. Bourbgn (X
MInaloid and Eagef Qoy also starte*. . *
2:2* trot, ¦ Merchants' a*d. Manufacturers*
stake. $10,000. three In- five . heat*— StanTaj
Dillon won three straight Mieats la 2:12*4.
2:llfc. 2:12. Ruth C, Blackthorn. Joil> Bach
elor, Mies Bosedal?. Mls9 Jean«(te, Emmi
Hoyt. Allie J. Bessie Blrcbtrpod. Italia, Baraja
and Miss Gay also startey. ' • •;
2:13 pace, purse $1500 — Bub O"Rell won tha
j-K-ond and third hrata In 2:C8»i. 2:0©. Blacla
Hal won tha first heat tn 20:7V*. Bob Haz«X
patch. Kin? Moore, .Vyzole. Ella Ola a&d
En^letrood also utarted. ' *
2:12 trot, purse $ZUDO — Qjr.su!* S won two
straight heats in 2:11 *i. 2:10?;. Billy Foster,
Lady Patch and Kent also started. ;
DETROIT. Mich., July ».— Befora
12.000 people at tha Cfrossa Pr4nta
track to-day Stanley Dillon, owned by
J. H. Brown of Detroit, and driven by
Ed Gears, won the classic Merchants'
and Manufacturers' stake for 2:24 clasa
trotters in three straight heats.. Stanley
Dillon was not driven out in any heat.
Stanley Dillon was favorite for the big
stake, bringing $200 In the morning
pools, with Miss Gay jit $105 and tha
rest of the field bringing $105. In ths
later pools Dillon ftold for 1100 with tha
field at $130.
Twelve -horses scored lor t*va first
heat. They came down to" the- Judges'
stand five times before they wer« sent
away and then .the start was the poor
est of the afternoon. Italia: Had tha
pole, but broke on the back stretch and
.Baraja led to the three-quarters. Geera
took DUlom into the lead at tha head
of the stretch and won easily by *ialf
a length. Ruth C, a gray mare owned
by Senator Chlsholm. 'finished second.
Stanley Dillon led all the way in tha
second he»t, wijh Ruth C and Bachrlor
flgHting for second place # all the way
around, the gray mare finishing next
to Dillon after a hard drivi Stanley
Dillon again led all tfce way in tha
thfrd heat, in» which Ruth C took sec
ond only after a hard fight wita. Black
thorn. Summary-: '•."
Eddie's exercising yesterday was
"light and was taken more to avert
monotony than with any purpose of
bettering his condition, as Trainer Mc-
Donald does not believe his ward could
be put in finer fettle. In the morning
Hanlon went out for a six-mile Jog
with Toby Irwin. In the afternoon he
batted out fly balls and went through
light gymnasium work. This consisted
of bag punching, shadow sparring and
rope jumping.
Visitors who Journeyed to Larkspur
yesterday with the expectation of see
ing Battling Nelson were sadly disap
pointed as Trainer Murphy has in
structed Baling to take things easy
until the night of the battle. A brisk
walk in the morning and a iialf hour's
light work in the gymnasium consti
tuted hia day.'s work.
In the afternoon Battling and his
training mates took a dip at Escalle
baths. On their return to camp, Nel
son'was weighed in his street attire
and tipped the beam at 134 pounds.
He looks big and strong and feels con
fident that he will be declared winner
on Friday night.
The betting on tha Hanlon-Nelson
battle dropped a point last night. Early
in the evening the knowing ones were
willing to lay 10 to 8 that the pride of
the city would get the man from Chi
cago. The Hanlon money began to
come rather strongly, so the price was
gradually forced down to 10 to "..These
odds looked good to the Nelson men
and many bets were made, but those
who wanted to plunge on the native
son held out for a better price.
Down to weight and full of confi
dence Hanlon awaits the clang of tha
gong that will announce the onset of
the flght between himself and Battling
Nelson on Friday night. When he
puts up his gloved hands In front of
the rugged Scandinavian he will have
behind him as advisers the veteran
Billy Delaney, Frank McDonaM, his
trainer, Fred ..Landers and probably a
fourth assistant yet to be selected.
Hanlon and his staff will leave Ala
meda on Friday afternoon between 2
and 4 o'clock and will come to this
side of the bay. After weighing in at
Morris Levy's place, Eddie will go to
his home for a few auiet hours and
from there to the ringside.
In AdditioE to the Equines
Amateur Eiders and Driv
ers Are to Take Part
Work at Training Quarters
Consists of Easy Stunts
on Koad and in the Gym
The Product of SUnta Rosa
Stock Farm .Is Favorite
Throughout the Wag&ring
EACH BOXEK IS EEADY
— « • ¦ ¦>.
Hildebrand Lets Two Escape
in Left and' Andefson- Is
There With a Bad Euinble
THEEE MISPLAYS HELP
MANY CLASSES PEOVTDED
GELDING NOT EXTENDED
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 2— Wainamoinen. 102 (Hoflr) 1 12 1 1#
3 to 1— Foncasta, 97 (Nicol) 2 3 1H- 1
7 to 10— Flo Bob, 92 t Knapp).... 4 4 3 24
Time, 1 :41 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Talbot Bros.' b. m. (8) by The Com
moner-Matilda. Bombardier 94 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth " miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
6 to 6— Birchbroom, 106 (Knapp). 5 111,412
fc to 1— Maj. Manslr, 103 (Aubucn) 1 6 1 2 31a
6 to 1— Exclamation, 93 (Nlcol)..6 4 2 3 1
Time. 1:54 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. Bowman's b. f. (4) by Ben Brush-
Maid of Dorset. Telephone 86, Royalty 108,
Emperor of India 96, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olus; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Green Gown, 104 (Morsn) 5 3 1 16
1 to 1 — Cutter, 100 (Livingston). 4 lh 2h
11 to 10— Jade, 105 (Greenfield)... 6 42 34
Time, 1:01 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. O. Joplln & Co.'s br. f. by Pon
tlac-Hope IV. Adare 104, Captain Neroth 102,
Dundall 102, Enchanter 1C8, M. A. Powell 107.
Gallant Cassle 104. finished as named.
Time. 1 :02 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. B. Brignardello's ch. c. by Cheva
lier-Charlcote. Al Casey 104. The Gadfly 105.
Hattie Wiehe 99. John Barber 103. ltaiuey B
lul. Raining Leaves 102, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
10 to 3— B.P.Gharlle, 107 (Felcht) 3 2 h 1 3
7 to 2— Proprietor. 112 (Prior) . . 7 6 5 2 1
b to 1 — San Jose, 107 (Bonner).. 5 5h 3h
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
7 to 20— Tokalon, 117 (Knapp).. 4 12^13
7 to 2— Clif.Forge,115 iHlgesn) 2 2 4r24
17 to 1— Monastic 11,107 (Henry) 6 3 2V43 n
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won In a can
ter. Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. f. by Tam
many-Enid. Dell Leath 104, Felipe Lugo 115,
finished as named.
The track , was fast, the weather
couldy and threatening and hot and
the attendance exceptionally good,
many being drawn out by the promised
appearance of the whirlwind, Tokalon.
Summary: : -
FIRST RACE— six furlongs; three-ye*r-old«
and up; selling:
Betting.'.Home. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5 — My Allce,104 (Morrison) 7 4 h 13.
12 to 1 — lielgusen, 103 (Lvvrnce) S 6n 2 1
100 to 1— Kortuna, 110 (Kennedy) I'll 3 1
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. ¦ Win
ner, S. C. Wagner's ch. f. 13)" by Flying
Dutchman-Hermitage. Singing Master 111,
Japan US, Shipping Port 112, Annora J 104.
La Chaperone 108, Gene Handlan 108, Sir
Launceiot 119, Allie Vircle 119, Blssett 121,
Billy Bashaw 119, Manzano 119, Myron Dale
lu.\ finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Tokalon,. winner
of the Chicago stakes at Harlem and
of the Premier . stakes at. Hawthorne,
picked up 117 pounds in the second race
at Hawthorne to-day and, as in former
races, won pulled up from high class
sprinters. She defeated the five-time
winner, Clifton Forge, by three lengths
in the fast time of 1:13 3-6 for six fur
longrs. Knapp was easing the filly up
all through the last sixteenth. Had it
not been for this she would have run
the three-quarters in 1:13 flat. That she
is by far the best fllly in the West
horsemen say there is no dispute. Some
go so far as to say she is the^superior
of any thoroughbred in training in the
West, not excepting McGee nor Eng
lish Lad, which she has defeated every
time she met them. Tokalon was at the
prohibitive odds of 7 to 20. She was
well backed by the big bettors even at
this price.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
four-y«ar-olds and ur>:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. £ Fin.
0 to 1— Conundrum, W2 (Hwl). 1 Is 1 10
20 to 1— Avoid. 100 (Wolff) 2 2 1^2 ns
8 to 1— S. Lillian. 93 (Sedar).. 6 5 2 3 1>i
Time, 1:53. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, A. B. Maginnis & Co.'s b. g. (5) by
Charade-Lydia Belle. Kingslelle 100. Murmur
1)3, Decoration 102. Varna Fonso 93, Golden
Light 102, Leenja 95, lvernla 102, Irby Bennett
105, finished as named.
Time, 1 :49. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Chinn & Forsythe's ch. c. (3) by St.
George-Ethel Thomas. Loniana 72, Stagner II
101. La Tolla 97, finished as named. -
Lord Haven. 99, stumbled at start and boy
fell off.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Buccaneer. iU2 (D.Astn) 0 2 u " 1 n
8 to 1 — Claremont, 102 (T. D»an) 3 12 2 2
2 to 1— Imboden, 102 (W. Davis) 4 4 5 3 4
Time, 1:1«»4. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Dockery's br. m. (4) by Falsetto-
Laurel Wreath. Simon Kent 90, Otto Stlfel 99,
Commodore 99, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE: — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up: ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to2*-F. Wreath. 1UJ (Lindey). 6 5 a 1 2
•« to 1— Frank Bell, 107 (Rice). 1 1 h 2 1',*
7 tot— Rebo. 9tt (Howell) 4 4 1W,3 2
THIRD RACK— Five and a half furlongt;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Red Leaf. Iu9 .(Troxler). 1 14 14
11 to 6 — Woodlands, 108 (Emblen) 4 2 3 2 8
20 to 1— Fruit, 100 (Raynor) 3 3 1%3 1%
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Stress tt Co.'s ch. f. (2) by Hennence-
Readlna. Besterllng 103. Colonel White 112,
Sarnnola 108, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlong*; four-year
olds and up:
Betting. Hor«N Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Athelrosa. 95 (J. Conway) 3 6 2 1 h
10 to 1— Elean. Howard. Ill (D*an) 4 1 4 2 n
7 to 1— Fugurtha, 102 (GulletO.. 6 2 4 3 10
Time. 1:18%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. S. Schwacker's b. m. (4) by Athel-
Ing-Rose of Sharon. Never Smile 100. Back,
Number 95, Feby Blue 104, Lady Felix 109,
Hazel H 106, Kate Cromwell 104, Tribes 109,
La Rouge 111, Rejoice 109, Susie Letcher 111,
Marchioness 104, finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old**
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Preventatlve. 107 (Cocolo) 1 1 tt 1 h
4 to 1— Bradwarlln. 109 (Austin) 7 B 1 8 8
8 to 1— Covena, 107 (Henderson) 3 3 1 3 m
-Time. 1:02*4. Start rood. Won driving.
Winner. G. H. Neal'i b. h. (2) by Pirate ot
Peneance-Startle. Joe Graham 100, Tartan 103,
King Wlbla 104, Colonel Preston 103. Corskana
100, Jack Moran 105, Orma J 85. Walpole 103.
Fred Priesmeyer 104. LoviH 8 112, Glencreith
108. finished aa named.
Only one favorite won, rain early In
the afternoon upsetting form. The
weather was rainy and the track slop
py. Attendance 5000. Summary:
ST. LOUIS, July 26.— Floral Wreath
found the mud to her liking in the fea
ture, event at the Fair. Grounds to-day
and won handily from Frank Bell and
Rebo. ¦'>>
Special DUsttcb to Th« Call.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old
fillies; purse: ,
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
Even— Teacress, 09 (Hildebrand) 3 S 6 1 h
3Otol — Katie Caffrey, 99 (Hensy) 4 2h 2 Hi
i:;to5 — Dia. Flush, 116 (Redfern) 1 11 3 '.IV,
Time. 1:03 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. Pagefs ch. f. by Watercres3-
Teatro. Calmness. High Life. Lizzie Albertine
Bag of Tricks, Resemblance. Grace Thistle',
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
maiden three-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. *i Fin.
BtoS — P. Salm Salm, 110 (Kelly) 6 2 10 16
6 to 1 — B. of Portland.105 (Hldbd) 5 1 2 h
4 to 1— L. Prudence, 105 (Cormck) 1 3 2 3 3
Time. 1:50 1-5. Start fair. Won easUy.
Winner. L. V. Bell's ch. c. by Lord Esterling-
Glenwaltz. Bound Brook, Rosie Dinham, Bou
vier. My Mate, Princess Atheling, Pat Costi
gan. Waterford, Harlem Sailor, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles:
three-year-olds and up; mares and geldings;
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 10— Monster, lOl(Hildebrand) 5 3 a 13
20 to 1— Cottage Maid. lf)l(J.Jon) 7 42 2h
6 to 1 — Trepan, 08 (Travere) 10 7 1 3 3
Time, 1:50. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. J. J. Ryana, blk. g. by Plaudlt-B & S.
Nine Spot, Thistle Heather, Mary Worth,
Viona, Gaviota, Queen Elizabeth, iJr. Loder,
Philippine, Hetty G finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
three- year-olds and up; the Seashore handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. »I Fin
11 to 5— 1>. of the Vale, 114 (Kelly) 2 11 1 h
12 to 5 — Hurst Park, 126 <Hldbnd) 1 2 2 2 3^4
20tol — Pentaur, 91 (Jones) 4 3 % 3 6
Time. 2:07 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Belmont's ch. h. : by Hastings-
Lady violet. Major Daingerfleld also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; selling;:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Sto5 — Voladay, 107 (Travers).. 4 21 11
6 to 1— Confessor, 103 (J. Martin) 1 11 2 15
15 to 1— Susanne Rocamor,04(Crd) 3 4 # 3 1^
Time, 1:15 2-5. Start poor. Won cleverly.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' b. c. by Faraday-AKI
Vola. Perry McAdow. Jerry C. Benlala, Pink
Carter, Flying. Reds, Jolly Witch, (Jold Fieur,
Pacetti. Roundelay, Only One, Consuelo II
finished aa named.
The most surprising development in
the Seashore handicap was the great
speed of both Lord of the Vale and of
Hurst Park. The first mile was run
in 1:41 1-2 and this on a heavy track.
Before the mile was covered Hurst
Park was inclined to -go wide and did
so, coming up the center of the track
apparently a sure winner, as Lord of
the Vale vras then half a length be
hind him. Suddenl Kelly began to
use his whip freely on Lord of the
Vale and under its influence he began
to close fast on Hurst Park. The two
horses finished with half the width
of the track dividing them, making it
a difficult task to place the winner;
but the judges promptly hung out Lord
of the Vale's number. Pentaur was
third and Major Daingerfleld last,
where he had been from the start. The
time, 2:07 4-5, for so heavy a track was
considered good. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and ud: Durse:
Bettins. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. &, Fin.
18 to 5— Reliable, 140 (J. Boland). 1 11 lh
11 to &— Honlton, 105 (Hildebran.I) 4 2^5%
10 to 1 — Gold Saint. 105 (H. Coch) 2 3 h 3 2
Time, 1:15 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
v\ inner, J. J. Ryan's b. h. by Watercress-
Arnette. Collector Jessup, Courtmaid, W. R.
Condon. Shrine, Right and True, Tom Cod
finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH. July 26.— The
Seashore handicap had four starters
to-day, including Lord of the Vale,
Hurst Park, Major 'Daingerfleld and
Pentaur. A few days ago Lord of the
Vale worked a mile and a Quarter in
2:08 1-2 and this was generally known.
The great question was as to whether
he could run well over a heavy track.
This is the reason Major Daingerfleld
was made favorite. Yet he ran last.
Siwcl&l Btcpatoh to Tfct Call,
After Uncle Ties Tjp' Score
in Eighth, Sluggers Get
Winning Run Over Plate
Management Announces Its
Initial Horse Show, Which
Is Planned Ambitiously
Wagering on Coming Fight
Drops Point and Nelson's
Adherents Jump at Price
Fulfills Predictions of Ad
mirers -by Taking Detroit
Classic in Straight Heats
Floral breath Beats Frank
Bell and Eebo at
St. Louis.
Tokalon Shows Marked Class
in the Chicago Stakes
at Harlem.
Son of Hastings in a Stretch
Duel With Hurst
Park.
SIWASHES NOSE
HOME TEAM ODT
BLOOD STOCK
AT STATE FAIR
HANLON STILL
ON LONG END
STANLEY DILLON
PROVES SPEEDY
LORD OF THE VALE FINISHES FIRST
IN SEASHORE HANDICAP AT BRIGHTON
CALIFORNIA-BRED TROTTER TAKES THE RICH M AND M STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 190*.
John Ehvood," a bellboy, has been ar
rested in Los Angeles at the request of
the San Francisco police. He is wanted
for. robberies committed : at the .Royal
House and will, be brought back. De
tective Wren is working o* the case.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Speaking of Quality !
§|!! Just Opon a
| pip Bottle of
ijj §M o LA I Z
•jo sEflfl qa S~ ff* ffpf
i;|||||& MILWAUKEE
There's wher« the
/pi^S^rlpm Quality irsun-nt
flPgffipgpffPffffiJra c °nies In— it" s In every
"ISilSfl*®^ tk!* 5m *>°tUe or Ve? tna:
fiSrfi^Sii.?' :^ 'JrfiRfti be> ara the 'BUtz" la-
EsiSl£lSa^p!*Ei£ ' bel " °rdw "B'-atX" fcr
ilPJiyS^^ sSsft^' * the sak * ° r yotjr
«Pfl?W59/ vEtfH0E health— aftd the health
WmSZf/ *\mhS5fl of your family. Every
Eji||3r/AV££a^ bottle sterilized.
ip/iENEfg| Blatz Malt-Ymne
F^S^v^~'v^Ss! (Non-Intox.) Tonic
I l==s>^*-—~lf& y 1 1 ni it? njjrtn pjj
s=|fcj|liYAU!SE£: ">¦» DLAII Dlurii lu.
gp==i. . "Ijfrp; MILWAUKEE
tiliiSll311^ sak bxbo * co -
fr TtfjaTyF ' r Wholesale Emlers,
_. 312 Battory Sfc,
Tel. Mala 6859. Su Itmncijco.Concert at Seamen's Institute.
A concert will be given at the Sea
men's Institute this evening by Miss
Dietzler. All are invited and no
charge will be made for admittance,
although the board of lady managers
announces that voluntary contribu
tions will be accepted.
Postmaster Fisk made the following
appointments yesterday: A. E. Booth,
from the substitute list to the third
class carrier, vice James H. Smith,
resigned; Ernest F. Jorgenson, letter
carrier, vice R. B. Beall, died; Henry
F. Dunne, from substitute clerk to
carrier, third class, vice Charles A.
Jennings, died.
Postofflce Appointments.
Professor Hilgard has promised to at
tend the meeting next Wednesday if
Professor Shaw is unable to be pres
ent. Possibly other members of the
agricultural faculty from Berkeley will
supply Immediate information. The
stake that all concerned have in a suc
cessful determination of the best
course to pursue in this State Is the
home market for milling wheat as
against the product of South Dakota
and Kansas. These States have been
breaking largely Into the California
field end selling their products in great
quantities to the makers of flour, espe
cially for the Oriental and bakers'
trade.
One week from to-day there will as
semble in the rooms of the California
State Board of Trade flour millers, pro
fessors connected with the agricultural
department of the University of Cali
fornia, the president and manager of
the Board of, Trade and Secretary
Friedlander of the Merchants' Ex
change. They purpose beginning a sys
tematic investigation of great import
ance to the grain growers of Califor
nia and to owners of land upon which
grain is produced. The meeting is
called at the instance of the committee
recently appointed by General Chip
man of the California State Board of
Trade to ascertain what must be done
to produce wheat in California pos
sessing a sufficient percentage of
gluten to make it acceptable to Califor
nia flour makers without importing
wheat or flour from any other State or
country to mix with it.
The call for the meeting was sent out
yesterday. The committee Is anxious
to begin at once to gather all v the in
formation that is available upon a very
important matter, and would have come
together on Monday last but for the
fact that some of the members were
unable to attend.
One of the questions for considera
tion is whether loss would be entailed
temporarily by the use of new seed
wheat that may take time to become
acclimated. There have been instances
where the first sowing of a new seed
or of old seed planted in a new local
ity did not bring satisfactory results
the first season, but yielded plentifully
the second. Expert testimony on this
point is expected from the professors
in the agricultural department of the
University of California.
Horace Davis or James Hogg of the
Sperry Flour Company will give all the
information that can be supplied from
the millers' point of view. Expert
knowledge is desired.
Secretary Arthur R. Briggs has sent
out a circular to wheat farmers In all
sections of the State asking them to
communicate as early as convenient
with the State Board of Trade. Much
Information concerning conditions and
the needs of the farmers may be de
rived from this source. .
Millers, College Professors
and Business Men Invited
to a Conference Next Week
HOME MARKET AT STAKE
Meeting Called to Begin
Investigation of Great
Scope and Importance
WILL DISCUSS
GRAIN PROBLEM
NEW YORK— Arrived July 26 — Stmr Rhyn
land from Antwerp.
GLASGOW — Arrived July 25 — Stmr Astoria,
from New York.
AUCKLAND — Arrived July 28 — Stmr Era,
from San Francisco via Honolulu for Sydney,
NSW.
HAMBURG— Sailed July 22— Fr bark Eugena
Fautrel, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 22— Br stmr Em
press of .Japan, for Vancouver. •
Arrived July 26 — Br stmr St . Hubert, from.
Caleta Buena via Honolulu.
AUCKLAND — Arrived prior to July 2fl —
Stmr Sierra, hence July 8.
Sailed July 22— Stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco.
FREMANTLW— Arrived prior to July 26 —
Br ship IJnllthgowshlre, from Vancouver.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to July 26 —
Br ship Llemore. from Port Ludlow.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to July 25 — Bktn
Encore, from Coos Bay. -
VICTORIA— Arrived July 28— Stmr Tremont,
from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Arrived July 25— Schr Oolden
Shore, from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 25— Schr Fred
erlcka Schepp. for Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
Sailed July 26— Schr S T Aleaznder. for San
Pedro.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 28— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 29—
Stmr Whltesboro. from Greenwood.
Sailed July 26 — Stmrs Shasta and Whltes
boro. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 26— Stmr Jas S
Hlggins, for Redondo.
EUREKA— Balled Jyly 28— Stmr Alliance,
for Coos Bay and Astoria.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 26— Stmr South
Bay. from Redondo; schr Dora Bluhm, from
Eureka: srhr James Rolph. from Portland;
nchr WIlbeTt L Smith, from Everett; «chr
Minnie A Calne, from Columbia River; stmr
Shasta, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed July 20 — Schr Robert Searles, for Port
Hadlock: schr Balboa, for Port Blakeley; bktn
Mary Wlnkelman. for Grays Harbor.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrarhic Office, U. S. N., Mer-
Notice Is hereby given that a bell buoy
painted black and lettered "M. R." in white,
was established July 15 In thirty-nine feet
of water about 440 feet ESB. of Mguse Rock,
Eetero Bay, California. The disabled bell
buoy. 2*0 feet SE. of the rock will be removed
as soon as practicable. Whale Rock, E. *l N. ;
Cayucos Point, W. »4 N. ; Mouee Rock. WNW
410 feet- By order of the lighthouse board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander. U; B. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks Pa
cific Coa*t, 11*04. page 1C.)
Notice to Murlners.
KSTKRO BAY. CALIFORNIA
Blatters or Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The thip Falls of Clyde returns to Hllo
with general cargo.
XEAVS OP Tins OCEAX.
The Arabs, the new towboat built for the
Pacific Mall Company by the Fulton Iron
Works, will to-morrow b« given her official
trial trip. She will leave Mission-street wharf
No. 2 at 10 o'clock a. m.
When the Wllscott has finished discharging
her cargo at San Diego she will be towed ta
this port for rcnalrs. I
The battleship Ohio wae out again yester
day, being tuned up by the builders in prep
aration for tbe coming official trial, for which
she leaves here to-morrow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ven
tura, left Auckland July 22, bound for thl»
port. The Sierra, outward bound, has arrived
at Auckland.
Water Front Notes.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Kins nt. advanced yesterday to 25 per cent.
Fhe Is out 118 days from Calcutta for Fiji.
Th« German bark. Plonler, out 107 days from
Buenos Ayrcg for Falraouth, remains at 15
per cent.
Overdue Rate Advances.
Deputy Collector of the Port Victor Lind
qulst has J'Jst received the proceeds of a
legacy recently left *ilm by an uncle In
Sweden. The lately departed Llndqulst was
Interested in the codflshlng Industry.
Victor TJndquist's lAick.
I-:;- rr--.ee transferred to and from all trains.
tte?m?rs. nc. at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 3f* Taylor «t.. C.V) Market
ft . Oakland F>-rry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Notice to Passengers.
Captain Hinder has been granted elck leave
and Thursday will depart with his family for
a prolonged sojourn in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
The passenger* who traveled en the liner
Mongolia from Honolulu yesterday presented
to Captain John H. Rlnder, who was la com
mand, a handsome American flag of heavy
eilk. The flag is expended from a metal
staff on which is a silver plate Inscribed:
"Presented to Captain John H. Rlnder.
"P. M. S. S. Mongolia.
"Maiden Voyage, Honolulu to San Francisco.
"By the Honolulu Passengers.
"July. 1901."
Presentation for Captain Rindcr.
Shipping Intelligence.
f ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 26.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. 38 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rogers. .
Stmr Pomo, Jacobs. 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arenai 10 hours.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. 20 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. C2 houra from San
Diego.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, S3 hours' from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Despatch. Levlnson. 64 hours from
Columbia River, bound south; put In for fuel.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4- hours from Half
moon Eay.
Bktn Gleaner, Echmehl, 5 days from ¦Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr Conflanza. Johnson, 24 hours from Not
leys Landing:.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, 11 houra from
Stewarts Point.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 28.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Preble, San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg, Anftndsen. Grays -Harbor.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger. Redondo.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray. Santa Cruz and way ports.
Br ship Halewood. Lonnen, Vancouver. B C.
Schr Robert E Hind. Ericksen. Astoria.
Schr Wm Renton^ Bruce, Astoria.
Schr BoreallB. Samuels, Everett.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Grays Har
bor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 26 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 12 miles an hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed July 25 — Stmr South
Bay, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 25 — Stmr Bee. from Eureka;
schr Stlmson, from Ha Hard.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 26— Stmr Se
quoia, hence July 21:
ASTORIA— Sailed July 20— Stmr Redondo,
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE: — Arrived July 26— Stmr Senator,
from Nome.
Sailed July 26— Stmr Olympla, for Nome.
Arrived July 26— rStmr Jefferson from Skag
way; stmr Victoria, from Nome; bktn Hawaii,
from Port Gamble.
COOS BAY — Arrived July 26 — Stmr Arcata,
hence July 23.
TATOOSH — Passed July 26 — Stmr Tremont,
from Yokohama for Tacoma: etmr Hawaiian,
heace July 22 for Seattle; bktn Katie Fllck
lnger, from Hal lard for Redondo; schr Wa
wona, from Port Hadlock for San Francisco
Passed In July 26— Stmr Queen, hence July
24 for Victoria; bktn Quickstep, hence July
12 for Port Hadlock; Ger stmr Ramses, hence
July 23 for Seattle and Tacoma: schr Admiral,
from San Diego for Port Gamble.
Passed out July 26 — Nor stmr Tellus from
Oyster Harbor for San Francisco; U S stmr
Columbine.
SAND POINT— Arrived prior to July 8—
Schr Stanley, hence April 3; bktn Fremont,
hence April 7.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 26— Bark Will
scott. for San Francisco, in tow of tug Sea
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 26— Schr
Comet, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 2&— Bktn Ha
waii, for Seattle.
Arrived July 26— Schr J M Colman. hence
July 13.
VENTURA— Arrived July 26— Stmr Asun
cion, hence July 25. ;
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 25— Stmr G
C Llndauer. hence July 22.
In the case of Augrust Armond, a
laborer, who was killed on June 27
hv the cavins In of a bank of earth at
141 Prospect place, the Jury found
the following verdict:
"We find that the deceased came
to. his death from the falling: of a wall
rind we further find that the falling of
the wall was caused throueh faulty
construction and incompetent labor,
and we hold the contracting: foreman
responsible."
Another charge of murder has been
placed against Augrust Geber by a
Coroner's jury. , This was in the mat
ter of the inquest upon the body of
George Hartman of 321 Third street,
who T.-as shot on July 10 by Geber
si rid who died from the wound on July
1 ". His first victim was Charles
Hartman.
Coroner'.* Jury Holds Foreman Re
sponsible for Death of August
Arniond, Killed by a Cave.
<;eber charged with
another .murder
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Aztec Panama July 27
Coos Bay San Tedro & Way Pts. July 27
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July 27
Elizabeth Coqullle River July 2S
Del Norte Crescent City July 28
Argo Eel River Ports July 28
San Pedro San Pedro July 28
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro July 28
Corona Humboldt July 28
Point Arena. . i Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 28
Santa Rosa. . . j San Diego & Way Pts. July 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 28
G. W'J Elder. . | Portland & Astoria July 28
Redondo I Portland & Astoria July 23
Curacao I Mexican Ports? July 29
Chico ' Portland & Astoria July 30 j
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July 30
jeanle ! Seattle & Tacoma July 30
Eureka I Humboldt July 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 30
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor July 31
Bonlta Newport Sc Way Ports. July 31
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor July 31
Pomona | Humboldt July 31
Marlposa. . . .". Tahiti Aug. 1
Oregonlan. ... New York via Coronel. Aug. 1
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Breakwater.. ! Coos Bay Aug. 2
Alameda ..I Honolulu Aug. 2
Columbia (Portland & Astoria Aug. 2
North Fork... I Humboldt Aug. 2
Centralia Grays Harbor Aug. 2
Pomo I Point Arena & Albion.. Aug. 2
Newport j New York via Panama. Aug. 3
Qu»en I Puget Sound Ports Aug. 4
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 5
TO~SAIL. ~
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Samoa I>os Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Inqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
_^ rc tic Humboldt fl am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
July 28.
Pan Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Porno..../' Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Kan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma I Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier..;.. Seattle & Whatcom. 4 pm Pier 10
Redondo . Los Angeles Port3. 2 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
July 29. |
Mongdla... China & Japan I pm Pier 40
Totmes... .. Hamburg 1 & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
July 30.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ean Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella.^.- Astoria & Portland.] 7pm Pier 27
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Corona Humboldt |l:30pPler 9
Nevadan... Mono. & Kahulul. .|12 m Pier 23
July 31. I
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. I 9 ami Pier 11
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. |ll am|Pier 21
Aujrust 1. | |
Amtr. Mani China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
August 3. | *
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier fl
jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
August 4. | v>
Sequoia Willapa Harbor. . . . I 4 pm Pier 20"
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 20
Augrust 5. |
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 111 am Pier 24
Aujrust 6. |
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
A lamed*... Honolulu ..11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
FROM~SEATTLE^ ~~~
uauieajs Destination. Sails.
Jefferson . Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Hiimboidt Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
D<rigo Skagway & Way Ports. July. 31
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 31
Senator Nome direct Aug.. 1
Excelsior Seldovla & Way Ports. Aug. 1
Victoria Nome &, Siberia Aug. 2
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 2
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. .'1
Roanoke I Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 6
The crew of the American bark Foohng
Suey, which arrived Monday at Delaware
Breakwater from Kahulul, Is suffering from
beri beri. One man is reported dead and two
others are not expected to recover. The Foohng
Suey arrived at Delaware Breakwater In com
pany with the clipper ships Kenilworth and
W. P. Frye. They were all from Hawaiian
ports. The Foohng Suey left Kahului 140
days ago. The Kenilworth sailed from Hilo
ninety-nine days ago and the Frye left Hono
lulu 13.'{ days ago. There was seven days
difference between the trips of the Foohng
Suey and the Frye and more than a month
between the smart run of the Kenilworth and
the time made by the others. The vessels
did not Eight each other at any stage of the
lens voyage, but all dropped anchor at Dela
ware Breakwater on Monday within a few
hours of each other. The folio wins clipper
ships are now en the ocean carrying sugar
from Hawaiian ports to New York: Aryan,
Astral. A. G. Ropes, Bangalore, Edward Se
wall, Henry Villard, I. F. Chapman. Susque
hanna and L. P. Hitchcock. The Susquehanna
left Honolulu a month ahead of the Kenilworth
end is now out 130 days.
Beri Beri on the Foohner Suey.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C- BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. X., In charte.
chants' Exchange, Saa Francisco, Cal.,
July 2(5, 1904.
THE CLIPPER SHIPS KENII*-
WORTH AND W. 1\ FRYE AND
THE BARK FOOHNG SUEY.
th« city front f Mission-street wharf) about. 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same Rt both places.
~~~ WEDNESDAY, July 27.
Sun rises ..5:<V?
Sun sets 7:24
Moon rises Full
0 Time Timel Time Tlmel
*. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
J» I, W H W'| U W H \V[
1'7 I 5:2S|— 0.5|12:34~| 4.7i 5:10| 3.1|11:22| 5.3
28 I «:02|— 0.3| 1:101 4.7| 5:58) 3.0| |
H Wl IL. YV H W IL. W
29 0:00! 5.0 6:35 0.0 1:44 4.S 6:37 2 8
30 0:;S9i 4.8 7:07 0.4 2:14 4.8| 7:20 2.8
31 1:191 4.2 7:37 0.7 2:41 4.0 8:C9 2.8
1 2-.0-JI 4.0 8:12 1.2 3:13 4.9 0:02 2.5
2 2:5L'| 3.S 8:50 l.C 3:42 5.0 0:54 2.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early moniins tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day. except when t!>ere are but three tid;s, as
sometimes occur. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Ccast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
slsn precedes the height, and then the number
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The loading of the stock was accom
r lished yesterday morning. Army mule
skinners make short work of persuading
four-footed passengers to climb the
steepest of gangways, and when^the
work began yesterday there was an un
broken procession of horses, mules,
cows and bulls from the wharf to the
deck of the transport. All the stock
was aboard and each animal snugly
quartered in a comfortable stall when
the 12 o'clock whistle blew. Before th«
noonday signal had ceased to sound
th« Dix was moving away from the
wharf.
The transport also carried 230 horses
, and mules and three score cows and
bulls. These are the first cows the Gov-
I ernment has shipped to the Phllip
j pines, and the experiment will be
i watched with great interest. The cows
| are all highly-bred Jerseys and the bulls
• are of the Holstein family. About a
I score of the cows are now giving milk,
! and the officers of the Dix are looking
I forward to having the kind of coffee
I mother made all tthe way across the
Pacific.
The army transport Dix, Captain
George Ankers, sailed at noon yester
day for Manila with a large cargo of
feed and livestock. Stowed away in her
holds the army freighter has 7000 tons
of hay and 2500 tons of oats. The hay
and grain are of the best quality ob
tainable, and Uncle Sam's stock In the
Philippines will live high after the ar
rival of the Dix.
Of course It is impossible for me to say
at thi« time whether we shall pay the came
amount in dividends thj« year as we did in
JK3. That depends en the conditions of trade,
but I see no reason why we should not. Our
operating exjjenses have decreased and we
anticipate as good a return from the season
fc» the tiSft one.
Tbxse conditions are- the general ones of the
Falir,. n season. Up to date reports received
indicate that cur pack will be equal to that
cf Ian year and If there it any falling off
it avtU be but a slight one. The general fall
tag off. however, of the entire coast will be
¦boot 750,008 rasos. Our pack last year was
valued at Stf.000,000 and ocr profits were more
than Sl.OOO.ftfiO. Regarding our indebtedness
ef nearly $4,000,000 to the local banks, that
matter is w-ell known in commercial circles.
AX AVERAGE PACIv.
North Britten Columbia has a fair run of
fcalmon, but the ;-:.ck is F^iall. due to strikes
emor.jt the fishermen. In Southeastern Alaska
the run i» Rood, but the pack in small because
ten laire canneries have been closed. Xone of
the canneries . of cur association are closed,
however. The Central AlaFka pack is up to
the average to date, while on Bristol Kay vee
ecla have been delayed by ice and the pack
will probably be somewhat short, but we have
received no late newe. >
The rer.tral condition* en the Pacific Coast
do not apply to our association. Our salmon
packing: i* mainly dene :n Alaska and a *mall
portion cf It en Puget bound. Flnce 1&01 th*
total salmon catch of the coast has decreased.
wh;i« our* has increased. Tne cycle In which
th* Fockf-ye »almcn run *vcry four year* in
emell number! obtalrs this year, but It doe*
not apply to our fishing jrrounds. It applies ta
the Fraser River and Puset Sound and In the
latter flaw we are not operating on account
of tbe small run of salmon. In the Sacramento
River the run is the smallest on record. On
the Columbia. River, the pack to date is less
than V> per crnt of what it we* on th« Mine
date last year and this mcrr.ing no fish are
reported from that locality. In Pujjet Sjund
the run cf salmon to date Is the emall'-at
known. The same conditions exist en the
J"ra4erftivcr.
President Fortmann was asked as to
the reports that the salmon pack this
season would be below the average,
and replied:
phi:sidi:xt explains.
There were many rumors on the
street as to the cause of the decline.
The generally accepted theory was
that a few holders had become timid at
the report that the salmon catch of
:h«» present season would fall below
tbe average and that the packing: as-
Bocfmtton would not pay the handsome
dividends expected as a result of the
profits of the corporation during the
last three years.
Henry F. Fortmann. president of
the association, was not at all con
cerned when asked yesterday as to the
cause in the decline of the value of
the stock of his corporation.
"As a matter of fact." he said, "we
take no notice of the dealings on the
Stock and Bond Exchange in our
shares. Our corporation has 48.000
shares of stock, mainly held in large
blocks. Some of the stock has natur
ally found its way on the market, but
the dealings are very small, ten to
twenty shares having been offered for
pale &t a time."
A flutter of excitement was causod
yesterday among brokers and stock
dealers by the fall in value of shares of
the Alaska Packers' Association. Thess
ti!t edged securities, which reached
«s high a point as $13S 50 early in
the present month, have since de
clined steadily and on Monday they
closed at $121 10. Yesterday morn
ing: the stock opened at $ 121 50 and
then declined to JUS, but at the. close
of the day the rhare3 had risen to
5125, much to the satisfaction of hold
ers.
Shortage of Salmon Catch
Alarms Some of the
Holders of the Securities
I.O0R LOWERS. VALUES
Shares of Alaska Packers'
Association Change Hands
•and Market Price Declines
Army Transport Dix Sails for Manila Deeply Laden With Hay
and Oats, and Carrying in Stalls on Deck Horses and Mules
and Pedigreed Cattle of the Jersey ahd Holstein Families
* : . _ *
STOCK SALES
CAUSE FLURRY
TAKES A HERD OF HIGH-BRED COWS
TO UNCLE SAM'S ORIENTAL ISLES
United SUtM Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Tort Point, entrance . to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
9
RAJIAVAY TRAVEL. (
y<^ H^v Trains leave and ar« dat
(°Qtjrjr^7\ 8Ay francisco.
\*^ — er-7,7 Taox Jxtlt 13. 1304
>LC \J/ . (Toot of M»r!tet Street >
_!..«»« - MAIN LINE. -A^aTrT
7.00a V*e*T!:ie. WtnUn. Kumsny- 7509
7 00a Ronlc!*. Klralr»aa4 S»cr»mi > n?'» . 7.23*»
7-SOa V«llejo. Nsps. CalUtOff*. Santa
Kosa. Martinez. 9aa lUmoa 6-20*
750a NUea. Tracy. Luhroy. Atockroo.... 7 20i»
8-CCa sh«tt* Express— (Via 1)»t!d.
Wllllami (for BarUett 9prtDO>.
Willows, trrnut, Ited Hiu:T.
Portland. Tueona, Seattle 7-58*>
8-COa DaTls.TOoo<I!*nri. Kn'ehta Landing
XarysTllle. Ch'co. UtotDIs 7-6O
8.38a Port lk>sta* Martlaex. Anttoca,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Netr-
nia. Los Daaoa. 11 « n dot a.
Armona. UaaforO. Vlaslla,
PortTTine 4.W*
8.30a Port Costa. H*<leito. Merced.
Fresno, Gosban J a fiction, Uaa-
ford. Vltalla. DakersSeld 4 50*
I -80a Nlles, San Jose, Mrermore. Stock-
ton. (Ml II ton), lone. Sacramento*
MarysftUe. Cnleo. Uod Bind .... 4-20*>
• -3Pa Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Toolnmne »rwl Angela 4-Z0»
t COa A t!nn:tc Express— Ostfensnd R«at. 5 20*
840a Richmond. Martinez aad Way
Statloas »50*
10 COa The Orerlaad Limited — <'(r<t en.
Croats, Chicago, Center. Kansas
moaATa^o^^!!::::::.::::::::::::: tfffi
1000a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byroa. Tracy.
Lalhrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Freano. Gosaen Junc-
tion. Hac'ord, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
BakersfleTv Lo» Angeles 7.£n»
1?.C0m Bayward. 5lle«an<1 Way Statloas. 3.20f>
H .OOP Sacramento Hirer Steamers tii.03* 1
S JOp Brnlcla. Winter*. ' Bacrnmcnto.
Woodland. Willows. Knlgnts
Landlnc UarysTlIla, OroTllle „
and way itattona '2 52*
I-30P Hiywanl. N'l!r« and Way Stattoas.. 7-SOp
4 CO ilartlnex.SanlUmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callatoga, Sanu Uo**. ? 22 A
4-OCp Wiles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4 I5"
4 3GP nsrward. Nlles. Irrlnjton. San I t3-50A
Jote. Ll»ermore » til.eOA
E-COTae Owl Limited— Ne«maa. Los
Banos. Mnndota. Frenao. Tulars,
BakeriBeld.LosAnfeles 8-E3a
fS IOp Haywitrd. Nllea an.l ftan Joae 7. 23*
6-CCp Ilajward. NUea and Run Jeae 9 SO*
600p Eastern Exprras— Or<len. Oman*.
Chlcaco. DnnTer. Kansaa City.
Be Loals. Tt» Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Co) fax. Ueno 12-50*>
B.OOp Vallejo. dally, except dnndsy.... \ 7 Ka -
7XCp Vallejo. 8B«<lay oaly f /ou
7X0P hlchmond. San Pablo. Port Costa.
Uarttaes and Way Stations 11 20a
7X0p Seno Paasenfer— YotX Co«ta, Sul-
¦nn. Ermtra. Dorta. Saerimrnt.x
Troekee, Lake Tahoe. lieno,
Tooopah. Spark* 7.50a
t 05p Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lftthrop. M o <1 • • t o.
Merced, Berenda. Freino and
Way Stations beyond Port Coat* 12-20*
8-OSp Tosemtte Valley, »K Berenda and
Wawooa 8 50a
S-OSp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
• 0&P Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MaryaTlile. Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sonnd and E-nt. 8.50a
•.IOp BsTward. Nile* aad Baa Joie (ian-
daronly) 11-50*.
COAST LINE <-i*rr»w lisas*).
(Foot of Market 3treet.) m
7.4&A Baat* Craz Exenrtton(Sund*y only) 8 10»
8-1&A Newark. Ceuterrliie. San Jom,
Felton. BoalderCreek. BlfB*ela.
S»nt* Crm and Way SutloaJ... 5-58*
1t.15A Alrarado. Newark, Ban Jos*. Los
Gatoa.Glenwood, Felton, Bovlder
Creek, Big Basin. Saata Crns 8-10*
f2-15P Vewark, Ceo terr tile, gas Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatcx.Feiton.
Bonlder Cr*ek, Sanu Cruz sad
Principal Way SUllons 10 554
4.1Ss>K«wark. Baa Jose. Los Gatoa 13-65*
4.1SP Wright, Boulder Creek and Saata
Craz. Saturday and Sunday only. »3 55a '
COAST LINE <*'•** «.a««e>.
tW ( Tntrd aad Townsead StrseU.)
6.10a San Jose aad Way Stattona 6-30*
17 00a San Jose snd Way Stations 6 40*
7-15a Monterey snd Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*>
• 00 a New Almaden (Tu-i, Frld.. only). 4. 10*
• COa The Coaster— San Jose. Saltaaa.
San Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa
Margarita. San L't!» Obispo. Santa
Barbara. San Bnenarentnra,
MnatslTo, Oxnard, Burtsnk, Los
Angetes 10-43*
8.00a Gllroy. linlllster. CastroTille. Del
Moote, Pacific Orore. Surf. Lon>
poc 10-45H
• .00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.WauonTille.
Capttola. Santa Craz, PaelQe
Grove. Saliaaa. 8aa Luis ObUpo
and Prlnefpa! Way Stations. ... 4.1>s>
1040a Saa Joae aad Way Stations 1 -2flP
1140a 8*nu Clara, Baa Joae. Los Gate*
and Way Statlont 7.J0»
. 140f San JoteandWay SUttoas S 38a
IJlifcpD-l Monte Express (except Sua-
dsy) — Sant* Clara, £na Jom.
Watsonvllle, Sant* Craz. Del
Uont*. Monterey. Psetoe Orore. ft2.1i#
8-26P B«rl!nsrarae, San Jo*e. Gllroy. Uol-
Ilater. Tres Plnos.PaJaro. Wauoo-
Tl'.le. Capitol*. Santa Cruz. Caa-
trovllle. Salinas, Pacific GroTe... 1045a
4J5OpF«n Jose and Way Stations +8 CQa
tS OOP EanU Clara. San Jom, Lo* Gatoa,
Wright and principal Way St»-
t!ua» (except Sanday) tS-OOA
15 IOp SanJoceandrrtaclpaluraystaUon* 53.40*
6 45> Sunset Express.— Kedwood. San
Jose,Gnroy.Sa!!&aa,Pa*o Kobtes,
Saa I.nU Obispo. Santa Barbara,
to* Angeles, Demise. El Pa*a,
X«w Orleans. New Tork 7-18*
S.43P Pajaro. WatsanTtae. Capitol*. I f in »_
6*ot* Craz. Ca.u-oTUie. Del $•*];{•*£
Monte. Pacific GroTe \ T10-45P
18-15P ban Mateo. Beresford,lte!inoai.Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark:. Palo Alto t8 48a
6 30p San Jose aad W»y Sutloos. 633*
•XOp Palo Alto aad Way Suilons 10.15a
II.SOp south San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bar-
ltniranM. San Mateo. Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fatr Oaks.
Memo Park, and Palo Alto tUSs>
•11 30f» Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sannf-
Tale, Lawrence. Sant* Clara aad "
an Jose ¦'. ttUgp
A for Morning. P for Aft»raooa.
t Sna ia» txcepud. t Sandar only
<• Saturday only. * Monday snly.
_iBuu» st *u s:»tMiu_«a iaalir.
CALIFORNIA N0RTBWESTE2N RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI2
BAILWAT COMPA2TT.
Tibuxoa rerry. 7oot of Maxiet 8tr«et.
SAN rBAHCXSCO TO SAH BATASXh
WEEK DAYSV-7:3O. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50, «:30 and 11:30
Saturdays— Extra trip at l:S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a- m.; 1:3^
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RArAEIi TO SAH 7SAHCXSCO*
WEEK DAY5-«:08. «:50. T:35 T:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00, 0:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33. »:20. 11:15 s_ m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturday.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv*
Ean Ftan. f May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | • Uon. | daya. t Days.
7:S0a 7:45a 7:45a,
7:30 a 8:COa 8:4Oa 8:40 a,
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignactow 10:20 a 10:20 %
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p «:20p T:25p
7:23 p
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45*
8:00 a 8:0Oa Nsrtto. 10:20 a 10:20 a.
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a " l<>:20~a 10:20 •
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p *:20 j>
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
I Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 al
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservlll*. 7:23 p 7:23 p
I Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:IO«
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ and L'klah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
| j WUlits. j I
7:30 a| 7:30 a( Sherwood. | 7:25 p) 7:25 p
8:0O a| 8:00 al Guernevtlla and 110:20 a|10:20 a.
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 p( 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:COa 8:10 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
(5:10p( Glen Elian. |8:45p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 ajl0:20 *
2:30 p| 2:30 p( SebastopoL I 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark. West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke" s Sanitarium; at Lytton toe
Lytton "Springs; at Geyservllla tor Ska«gs
Springs; at Cloverdala for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Hishland Sprlnss, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lak?port and Bartlett
Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy Spring. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter \ail-y.
John' Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bnckneir*.
Sarhedrin Hefehts. Hullvllle. Orr^s Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brass.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Brag?.
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Corelo. Layton-
ville Cummins. Bell"s Springs. Harris, Olsens.
Dyer. Garbenrllle. Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlclq
buildlnz. "
JA3 U FRAZIKR, R. X. RYA1*.
Cea. Manager. Oen. Pass Aft. i
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSIA
cannot only find relief, bat an absolute
enre from this distressing trouble by using
In crder to prove that this absolutely
harmless remedy cures catarrhs) in-
flamma:i«.n of the stomach, I will send
TRIAL SIZE BOTTLE FREE
on receipt of 25 cents to pay postage
¦ Gi.ycozonk not only relieves, but
it cures.
In this it differs from what you may
have used.
' Sold by lecvdlng druggists.
Hone genuloo wlthont ray alffzmlar*.
61 0 Prince. St.. New YotIc.
i Snui fir fro* Bonklit ¦ Raw ta trrnt divum **
finumin- .Ss-v^reua cf u*olicit*<l Msiingouli
of ¦wor.'Z»t*>-*. rnf..y.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leare Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketehlkan, Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes. Ekasuay
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. July
24, 29, Aug. 3. Change to
this company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver
Port Townsend. Seattle. T»coma. Everett
Belllnjrham — 11 a. m.. July 24, 29 Au* 3.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska ami G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
corna to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bav)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., July 27. Augr. 2. Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
July 24. 30. Auk 5.
For Lcs Angeles (via Port Los Angreles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, A a. ta.
State of California. Thursdays. A a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. July IS. 26, Augr. 3.
Coos xiay, 9 a. m.. July 30. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayma* <M*x.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mr>
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
The palatial excursion etfan^hlp Spokane wJC
leave Taeoma. Seattle and Victoria Augr. 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing: dates.
TICKET Or PICES — A New Montgom-
ery et. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves, rreigrht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave Greenwich-street wharf
(Pier No. 25) at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA and
, HONGKONG, calling: at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
1 received on board on day of sailing.
5. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. August 1. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
?! cwyJte$«sxo. s^s
6. 8. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, July 28. 2 P. M.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Aug. 6. 11 A.M
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 9. 11 A.M!
! J.D.SPKECKELS i BROS.CO., AtfS., Met Office 643 Mar-
i let. Freiz&t omes 329 Kariet sl, Pier 7, Paciic sl
i . .
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLAHTIQU3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j|^«-,
j Sailing every Thursday Instead of «Rfr3fi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, **»¦»-
Norjh River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN*
! ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
i York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
¦ To XT. S. Uavy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m., 12:30, 3:15, 8. 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
i 7, 9 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15. 6 p. vn. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
sion street; phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
To TJ. B. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F., foot of
Clay st. north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
9:30 A. M.. 3 and *B P. M. ; Sundays. 0:30
A. M., 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays, 5
P. M. Fare. -25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
C.0c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO., phone Main 641. 'Saturday excepted.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. .
i i CALIFORNIA ||
g) LIMITED TO CHICACOf]
i I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
. Mat {>:.'5O a. m., througrh in H daya.n
; HI with diner and all trapping*. |3
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a. m. | for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield,
8-00 p. m'. J Me »" ced . Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :0O p! ta. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. P. Alto 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South Pint St..
San Jose. { :
aTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
_ Via Sausallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
630 7:10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-10 a m. Sausallto only), 12:20, 1:45. 3:15,
400 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00, 10:20.
li-35 v. m Sundays and legal holidays depart
at' 7-10 7:*5. 8:30. 0:15, 10:00, 11:00, 11:40
a m" 12:20, 1:00. 1:43, 2:30, 3:15, 4:0O, 4:35,
5:15,"5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. »:00. 10:20. 11:33
Arrive at San Franci-co. week days, 6:17.
700, 7:55. 8:15, 8:45, 9:35. 10:20, 11:05 a. m.,
1205 1:25. 2:50, 3:35, 4:20. 5:05, 5:40. 6:15,
6-55 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05,
8:50 p. m.
¦ For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:15 a. m .
3-15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00, 1:45. 2:30, 7:15
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc.
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leare f la JUanliU Ftrrj Arrive
San Frauclsco F—t «f Mirkit St. San Francisco
' Week Bnn- ¦ -fl3L»^ tiau- Week
Days, days. /K^S^JW days. Days.
8:30a EgPraggl 12;4&p» 8:451
IO-.OOa V^^Si^sW 2:05 r *1 1:05 a.
10:00a 11:00a 'fejajSiesH' 3:35 p 3:36 r
|;45p12;20p 6:40 p 6:18 f
5:16 r 1;45p \£g?y 6:16 r 10:01 1
«:35r B:B0r
* Tit Craftty Car. ' Tailyah U lill TUWf.
Ticxrr (626 Market &t. (North Baore Railro*dJ
Orricxs land Sausaxxto FxaaY, foot Market 8^,
wo rl ( I _i Ii c o fine l* W a^M~£MEBBmM**9lKVu j^^j^m. wTEbk^^jf^w^^HnS
in use in 65 h. p. 3-cYx.xzfx>Ei& u rrxiov marine Exraxxrs.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
Union CasEngine^mpdj^sA.^^,^,
m
[good Pocket Knife 1
A Knife that is good er.ough for
anybody end contains the best mate-
rial and workmanship: comes with
two or thrcyliiados and several styles
of handle — includisig pearL
COT AST OX.D EA2OR? I want it
Will give you liberal allowance for it
on a r.ew cne. I have good Razors as
low ns SI .OO.
S2XX> STAR SAFSTT KAZOKS 7OB
Sl ..»O-
Scissors and other Cutlery, In
splendid assortments, at my usual
low prices.
Razors honed and ground. Honing,
25c
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c
Mall ordrrs promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KAKKET ST.. Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
S Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
CJ1TJ> KEABKY »T. E«tabll»h«l
Iti iMil for the trtatcj'-nt of private
!>«-.*«••,. i^ort Manhood. TJehHItynr
'!i»*«B« wearm/ton Iwly »n»1 nilixl sm<! I
D:fte*fceiL Tbe Doctnrcure* trlit-n
"ihTt tail. Try him. rharff** low. '.
inrr>;aarnnlrr<l. Cull or write.
Dr. i. JT. MX BBO.\, Hsut Fraucisco. C*LTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
10
- V '- BTJSINTSSS CHANCES.
A— 11500; HOTEL and roadhouse, with 18 fur-
nished rooms; rent »70; & years' lease; large
barns, yard, orchard, etc; 2«J steady board-
ers, horses, buggies, etc.; the best-paying
country hotel iu San Mateo County. See
R. G. WILKE; 20 Vj Kearny st.
$4000 — SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $150; 5
years' lease; eltcuntly fitted up place and
eood payinz Luhir-ss. Cail K. Q. WILKE,
'M \± Ktainy s>t,
A— ?1600; WHOLESALE bakery; daily sales
about »50; new wagon, 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2«H Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 50;
establ. years; this is a goad place for man
and wife; location the b.-it. Call R. U.
WILKE. 2UVS Kearny st.
A— $2050; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40:
the choicest location In the Mission; place
ri-tablithect ye&is aud first-class paying; full
value in eight. See K. G. WILKE, 2(>>^
Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
btst manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. StSVi Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for $8000;
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-clais paying place in this city. Par-
tlculars R. Q. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
A— $6500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paylnc lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited ; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 26t£ Kearny st.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
¦ %. well-ad vet Used and food-paying house.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $«00G; CORNER saloon. with 4 years'
lease: about V, block from Market and Ellis
cts.; place doing a rushing business: value
in sight; owner roust leave for the East.
See R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A— fS50; CORNER saloon; rent $.{0: located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
«ts. ; a eood business: owner engaged In
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 yearn' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
ind sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying plac*. See R. G. WILKE.
2614 Kearny st.
A — $1000: RARE chance, rare chance, r«re
chan re; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
celptK $25; rent $30; good business; value
In sight ; patronized by best class of people.
b»R.G. WILKE. 2tS4 Kearny st
A— $S00; CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses: no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— f 2500, LEADING hotel In the best, business
'own 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
o'nlng-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business In the interior Call R. G.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny tt.
A — $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
t-»st paying corner saloons tn this city:
d«!ly receipts about $40; place clears net
r,bcve V«y» Der month; location first-class.
Fee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1600: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3t> rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>H
Kearny -it.
A— $.",500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; en Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; Dlace must b« secrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2tM$ Kearny st.
$1500— CIGAR and notion ttore ; clearing $100
monthly; 4 large rooms; furnished; low rent.
$rwvi_ Oyster house ard restaurant.
J150C — Restaurant, coffee and lunch house.
$75 — Cigar stand; nice location.
$2000 — Grocery: good family liquor trade.
A large list of rooming-houses and business
chances always on hand. For particulars in-
quire Merchants' Agency, 100SH Market st.
$4000— GENT'S furnishing goods, stationery,
notions and variety stcre: established 15
years; 6-year lease; transfer corner; full
value; earn business and paying; rent, ac-
count of lease, very reasonable; a bargain;
wholesale houses hs references. Union Busl-
net>s Exchange. 003 Market st.
$500— PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must he sober and reliable.
BERG &. ARMSTRONG. 31S Kearny st.
$7000— Hotel; 76 rooms; all light rooms; electric
light: water every room; all new; money
maker. Berg & Armstrong. 318 Kearny st.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 10071^
Market st., room 1.
A GOOD paying bakery; fine family trade;
long lease; rent only $15 per month; every-
thing in first-class condition;' a good oppor-
tunity for a practical baker: only $300 cash
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS, Seventh
street and Railroad avenue, Alanuda.
•$850— CIGAR store; Ideal location: value in
finht; daily sales $17; rent $55.
S1C00 — 30-room lodging-house; worth $2500.
$+00 — Restaurant; factory dist.: long lease.
Pacific Real Estate Co., 1015 Market Bt.
WANTED— To buy a half Interest in a good
grocery store or grocery and bar; prefer the
partner to be a man thoroughly acquainted
with the business. Addess. with particulars
box 3290. Call office.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over 18
, years' standing; selling on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front st.. between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
A— $100; PARTNER for well-paying cigar
stand on busy st. t near and north Market;
nicely fitted; full stock; good day and night
trade. Call BROOKBANK. 917 Market st.
A RELIABLE man wanted as partner with
$200 cash; will pay $S0 per month to each;
permanent place; a good chance for an active
man. .Apply 87 Third Bt., room 14.
FIHST-CLAFS hardwar*~storerwell established
and located, for sale on account of sickness-
only $*250; take half city real estate. Box
Call office. "
FOR sale — A S2S00 confectionery and Ice-
.ream parlor; everything new; the finest fur-
rfshed place north of S. F. Write to the
Palace Candy Store. L. B.. 13. Red Bluff. Cal.
GROCERY and bar for sale; on "one of~the
best corners In the city; near Market st ;
must c"»'i on account of sickness and having
tn leave the city. Address box 2204. Call.
REAL estate, business for sale at a sacrifice -
leaving city; must sell this week. Call 1015
Market St.. room 4.
FOR sale— Earber shop and residence In good
town; shaving 25 cents. For information
write to LEO HESS, Valley Ford, CaL
FOR sale— A good Jewelry, book, stationery
and notion business at a very reasonable
price. ¦ Box 174, Lompoc. Cal.
OLD fstablished up-to-date cigar store; cheap;
nice location; leass; low rent; must be sold
Box i:'70. Call office. Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale, with rooms abov7;
$x re^x d: i908* d c a r o vr locatlon: price
$ I. -iO— PARTNER wanted; IlRht. profitable busi-
ness; fine store; $500 stock; young man pre-
fcrred. Marln Investment Co., 235 Kearny.
FOR sale— Saloon fixtures, etc.; good lease-
cheap rent; party obliged to go away. In-
quire 1006-8 Washington st.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Coal and wood yard; established' 16
years; In good . locality. .Address box 1856.
Call office.
SALOON; lone lease; terms reas. Apply 0 to
lla. m.. C to 9:30 p. m.. 251 Fell; no agents
$400— COUNTRY- coffee route, clearing $70 per
month; trial^given. Box 2496. Call office.
OLD established millinery store; "owner Tetlrl
ing from business. 817 Laguna. barber shop.
FOR «al« — Downtown newspaper route. Tnl
quire at '517 Minna «t.'>
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 621 Montgom-
ery street. •« "
CIGAR etand for sale; on a prominent corner
south ot Market et. Box 2275. Call office.
FOR rale— Hotel In a growing" town" inMarin
county; contains 15 bedrooms. Box 1085. Call.
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
FOR sale— Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A SMALL mrocery and bar wanted. Call at
20 Rltch «t.. near Folsom.
SI 37(J E Fo t u re h en<1 r * P " r shop for 8ala chea P
GROCERY store in Frultvale for sale: very
low; good cause for selling. Box 2244. CalL
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
or aavertleements and mubscrlptions baa been
opened -at'- 1008 Market «.. opposit* FUU.
Open until 11 p. m. _ -i
THE 3Jf CALL
JOHX D. SPRKCKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHX McXAUGIIT ¦ yManagCT
\V. J. MARTIN Buslncg_Managg£
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cect You With tiie Department You \\ isn.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriere. 20 Cts. Per .Week. "6
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ots
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
DAILT CALL UncJud^ Sunday). 1 year. .. .58.00
DAILY CALL tlncrua. s-unday). 6 mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL,— By Single Month 'j>c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -•»«
WiaEtCLY CALL. 1 Year..... ••••••; ••••• l ;°*
f Dai'.v '. .tS.SO Per Year Lxtra
TOKEIOX J s ua( iay. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sanpl« . Coplec will be forwarded when re-
quested.
ilafl subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dref«t ahould b« particular to give both NE'A
AND OLD 'ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and fcorrect compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IClfl .Broadway. Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street. .Telephone North 77
*. WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
¦SAHUEL W. WALL ..Hotel Barton
NT3W TORK jNEWS STANDS:
• Wt'.Sorf-Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
VT. t wn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
eue Hotel ana Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Th*r:a&n House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trerr.cnt House; Auditorium
iiotel; Palmer House. . ¦
.' CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C. GEOIiGE KRO'JNESS. .Martjuette Building
xLcns Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.'")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
• Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
vntil'12 o'clock every r.fght in the year.
• BRANCH OFFICES :
1008 Market street, opposite Filth; open until
11 p m. .
627 Montgomery • street, corner Clay; open
until. 8:30 p. m. - .
300 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
63a McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; or?n until !»:30 p. m.
1041 M:ision street; open until 10 p. m.
2361 Market street.- corner Sixteenth; open
¦until 9 p.m.
lOfi Eleventh street; open until 9 r- m.
10!W? Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Nortfetett compr <;*hurch and Duncan streets:
cpfn until 0 p. m.
"ICorthwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tuckv etteets : cpon until 0 r- m.
22f'O Fll'.more ftrcet:open until 9 p. m.
f MEZTIRO NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodce No. 1S3. F. and A. ®
M.— Fim degree THIS (WEDNE8- -Jy
DAY) EVENING at 7 :3O o"clock. By
order of .the W. M.
. . R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
MISFION .IxxJr* No. 100. F. & A. M — »
S;.(rlal me^tinc THIS (WEPXES- W
l'AYl EVEXI.V;, at 7:.nn o'clock. /\T\
Third deere*. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
YEBBA Bl'EN'A L^dge Mo . 15, -m&^Vv
I ¦ -. O. F. — Officers and mfmberp^gwB&Sgs
ar< )*-ri y Fummon'd to iittrnd^S^jS*?*^
a fp*^al meeting en WEDNES- ""SSWfS**"
DAT EVENING. July L'7. at S o'clock.
STEVEN. I». HECK. Noble Grand.
OHAS.' A. W1SEWE1.L. Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Lodce No. 05. I.
•• '• F. — Ir.it:at:nn THIS iWED-
x ;>1>AY' EVENING, July 27. 4*y2>S*S
at S o'clock sharp. Welcome •^S5#^
Hall. ViFiting atid sojourning brothers cor-
dially Invited. J. P. SINCLAIR. N. G.
G. A. BURMAN. Rec. Secretary.
MASTER. Mariners' Benevolent A*- f-~»--._
station — Regular meeting of the ruX^^
above association will be held at '/»*1j^
hall. S2T» Post Et.. THURSDAY ~~~
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. All members
aje requested to be present, sk matters of
imi-ortance will corhe before the meeting to
b« acted upon. By order of the. , r.-sident.
L. TRAl'.VG, Rec. Secretary.
A.VNl'AL rr.ecting — The Rlsdo'n Iron and Loco-
tr.otive Works — The annual meeting of the
F|ockrlr-liJers of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, fcr the election of trustees for
the ecsulr.g year and the transaction of such
' r;bcr business ac may be brought before the
tr.«tin«. will be held at the office of the
crrrpary No. 298 Steuart street, San Fran-
cisco, ort MONDAY* the 1st day of August.
IS04. at 11 a. ni
- AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from W. J. Berry, Theodore Rupley ,
sr.d Bruce Graham in Sugar Pine mine, near
Pino Grande. El Dorado County. Cal drain-
ing into Silver Creek, which reaches Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room 9»5. Flood building. San Fran-
rircc. Cal.. Aucu.n *. 1W4. at 1 :30 p. m.
AGENTS WABTTEB.
AGENTS wanted to sell our hlgh-erade~nar^
eery rtock; liberal commission: cash advanced
on orders- outfit free;, experience and capital
net ntcersary If you have push and energy-
• few choice fields still open; write before
attlgned. Chlco Nursery Co.. Chico. CaL
TO make money selling "Our Pioneers"; mag-
nificent in style; Indian stories to Panama
canal: exclusive territory GEO. W WIL-
LIAMS. 0C2 East Twelfth et.. East Oakland.
HUSTLING salesmen in every town for Ba-
ker's universal Fign; f20 Jn one day has been
made; sample 50c. Baker Enameled Letter
To.. 21 Spear fU. San Francisco.
ATTORjnSYS^AT^IAW.
R. W. KING. Attomey-at-Law, Exam, bldg
f.th floor: entrance room 611; established 15
>ears; all cases, general court and office
practice; no let in advance or for consults-
ticn; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AIjVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
. tpeciaUy; private, quick; no pay in advance-
mining companies organised ;patents obtained-
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. ; estab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS 40 Ellis at.. IS
J re. practice; refs. from many thousands of
KMiJier*, sailors, wl ows and orphans on Pa-
<~iflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
riVOHCE— Costs. fl2: quick, quiet; advice
free: a!l law busimas: no charge unless *uc-
*"t«rul; . p^a eveninys. 027 Market, room SOL
ADVICE free: divorce costs (12: no fees or
rests in advance; all law business: office
ppen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r.33.
M<">NEY advanced heirs on eVtatrs; estates pro-
consul, free. F.Colbourn, atfy.027 Mkt.
ADVICE free; divorce ccstf tl2; all cases
Room 4es. Farrctt bide. 655 Market st.
L- S. CLARK. 927 Market et.; "consultation
¦ Tree: no fye» in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS en<3 pensions — SONNTAG'S PAT^
EXT & l-gNEION- AGCY.. 21 -t Pine Pth flctoV.
IOBI3 ' E S.
FOR sale— First-class runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
wngers; 10 horrcpon-er; double opposed gas
engine. L. D. GANDION. 102 Phelan bid"
SECOND-HAND automobiles; first-class condi-
tion: runabouts, touring cars at bargain
price*. Addresa box 2733. Call office.
FOR tale— Knox runabout. 1003 pattern; first-
class condition; owner leaving town; a bar-
galn. Address box 2383. Call office.
MILWAUKEE automobile (steam) for jsale-
good running order. Box 3291. Call office.'
FOR sale— A White Stanhcpe with buriry top-
used very little; price $675. bq x 2203. CalL
° tofgg'&n*^ at * gacrlflce - *"^
KO r R ., sal t~ RairbIer touring car. Box 19H,
FOR sale — Covert runabout; nearly new Aa
dres« box 1S60. Call office. "
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call
\*i pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 pe r year
ASTHMA BEMEDT.
tZIPJS*^ A « hm * Remedy relieves instant-
'v 10- 25c SOe 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
~ : li2 f j]L BrB £S. BOGS, ETC.
TOUNO parrots. CTaraatee4~to~Ulk?~t3~Tach-
.^^^BOABmyQ FOB CHILDREN".
K .'S^, h ?"»f f or' a "cJaidT 2^ year. : will i u£
nteh clothes and board. Box 3802, Call.
CLAIBYOYANTS— Contlnned.
Mrs.A.II.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant. card
reader: when others fail try me :good readings.
25c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.LarkJn 4207.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
f-r; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat.' 220 Eddy.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate. S. P. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co. 30S Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN ycu become, disgusted with your work
**nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet clean!nc 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rlton st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. .1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasor.ab!a. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mission 263.
CIiOTHCTO BEKOYATIKO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14:
plione Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
_^^_ COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; colUcUonTimadT:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 6580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone^Ca^nnoTibreak":
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
- made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per net: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
building, 1095 Market St., room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu?h—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns.$2 up; fllllngs,25c
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.RHewltt.2<V4 Suttr.
DKESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
HcDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
a-t's button & buttonhol* factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAL,. - '^ -
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. betveen Third and Fourth; more space-
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West-
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE
EMPLOYJIEIJT WAnTED— Pemsla-Co,
WANTED — In San Francisco or vicinity, board
In private family, school or sanitarium in
exchange for instruction in physical cuitur*
medical gymnastics or elocution, by aa ex-
perienced teacher; best of professional ref-
erences. Address Physical Culture. 575
Thirteenth at.. Oakland.
REFINED youns lady wishes position In r<»-
spectable family to do upstairs work an.j
sewing: ' first-class seamstress. Box 83ia
Call effice. ___^^
AMERICAN wishes position to work for h-r-
self and daughter: room and board: stor»
work preferred. Call or address 906 Folsom.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
Remington machine. Box 3S16. Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman; work by
the day: washing, ironing and houseclean-
i-g-' $1 50 a dav and carfare or 75c per ha'.;
day'. Please inquire at 604 San Jose ave..
corner Twenty-ninth st^
STRONG, competent American woman, tera-
perate honest, wants llzht sweeping and
washing by the day; fine iaundr-s»; cheerful
worker; SI 25 and carfare. 1SS> Fourth St.,
first flisht. room 21.
A SITUATION wanted by a good housekeeper
with the best of city references. For particu-
lars, call or write to 7C2 Ellis St.. between
Polk and Larkln.
CAPABLE girl wants situation to da general
lious'-work and cooking in a small family;
».-as«» 1-3. Apply at 306 Diamond St., aea.-
Twentleth. _^ .
RESPECTABLE wemaa, good cook and laun-
dresj. wishes position In American family;
fend of children; will go In country; refex-
owm; wages moderate. 794 Folsom gt.
YOUNG woman wauld Ilka to wash sockj aad
handkerchiefs for men; reasonable: mendln*
same; called for and delivered. Box 2747,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady would llk» honest work; good
at neures; two t^rrr.s at high school; small
wages at first, with view of advancement.
Box 2720. Call efnee.
WANTED— By a mlddle-ag»d woman, a plac*
for light hou?ekfep.rg or nursing; terms rea-
sonable A.-Mres-" 'S'2 Francisco St.. near
Dupont. corner alley.
WANTED — By mi.!«U«-a?red lad-', housekeep-
er's position In widower's family, or for la-
valid lady. Box 23!>6. Call offlce J
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
hcusecleanir.g $1 50 and car fare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
BY a r»!iable woman with a boy 8 years, as
housekeeper; no objections to the country.
31 Lafayette, off Mission, bet. 11th and 12tn.
A COMPETENT middle- aged Gorman woman
wishes hnuyke'r'r's position. $25 up. Ad-
dress box 2-TNO. Call office.
GOOD dressmaker will reduce her price from
$2 50 to $1 7.". a day during the dull season:
references. Address 2845A Mission st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; hare ex-
perience with children. Address box 273<*»
Call office.
WOMAN wants sweeping or light washinff or
chamber work by day or hour: 20 cen«» aa
hour. Call or address 864^ Mission et.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes work by the day
cr at home; $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl St..
between Valencia, Market and Thirteenth.
WANTED — A position by a first-class seam-
stress ami upstairs srirl: references; wa^es
$25 to $J0. Box 2175. Call. ,•
A YOUNG woman with references wants hous«
cleaning by the day. $1 50 and car. fare.
7tJ'j McAllister st. ; basement.
A NEAT, responsible housekeeper, with a
child 5 month? old. wishes position; country
preferred. 05s Stockton st.
SEWING by the day; gooU fitter: shirtwaist
suits made in a day: $2 day. 270 Linden ave.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. 2035
PolK St.
COOK wishes a situation. AL N'AL'DS, 1523
Powell st.
A FIRST.-CLASS dressmaker will work after-
noons; 75c. Box 24C0. Call of Oca.
SITUATION wanted by German girt as bous«-
keeptr. Box 2403. Call office.
WANTED — Position by a young lady far any
kind of wcrlc. MISS B., CO IB Seventh St.
SITUATION as a cook. 102 Austin av."
YOUNG girl wishes position aa governess.
Box 247J. Call office. •
POSITION as waitress: short hours. Box 23S3.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as hotel manager; fifteen
years' experience. Box 2331. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by tb«
day. 746 Howard st.
A TOUXU Japanese cirl wishes a position as
j-choolglrl near the Japanese Mission. T.
AONO. 1011 Bush st.
WANT ads and subscriptions- ta)cen for Th©
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAUl3ter sC
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st».
EMP1O YMSNT WANTrD— MALZ.
POSITfON a^ traveling salesman by experi-
enced, single, sober hustler; thorough knowl-
edge Western territory; bonds and Al ref-
erences. Box 3815. Call office.
MAN. age 2S. good education and well ad-
vanced in electricity, wants work of any
kind in place not controlled bv unions; best
references. Box 0314, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Responsible youns man
wishes position as bookkeeper or office as-
sistant. Address box 1272. Call office, Oak-
land.
BARBER. first-cla«s. wants posltioa la city
or country; write full particulars. Addres'a
J. A. WEBB, 763 McAllister »t.. S. F.
AA — BELLBOY seeks employment; city or
country; Al references. Box 3811, Call.
STRONG boy. 17 years old, wants any kind cf
employment. 1011 Natoma st., city.
WANTED — Any good steady chorework or
caretaker, suburbs or small country town,
help arcund place of trust, either aged in-
valid or kind people only, by youns. com-
petent, reliable New York State, American,
willing man. 34: hp?t habits; references- na
teamster; can mlik; reasonable wax«. Ad-
dress P. J. F.. box 2468, Call office.
AN experienced buyer and manager Is open
for an engagement ; general merchandise:
specialty, clothing, hats, furnishing goods:
can manage men and handle stnek to maks
money; principals only. Box 2765. CalL
AN elderly man. best references, wishes posi-
tion as elevator runner or watchman; speaks
and writes English. French and German.
Box 2745. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman: good designer
and detailer: IS years' experience; mining.
•tationary. power plants, factories; wants
position or work at home. Box 2733, Call.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and
¦trictly reliable, with knowledge of book-
keeping and business experience, wants po-
sltlon: references. Box 2097. Call office.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man. would
like position as manager of hotel; any size.
Address T. C. KING. Hotel Sequoia. 803
Geary st.
YOUNG man wants rosltton as fireman around
institution; city or country; steady and
handy. Box 2375, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist a"nd dtemiker
wants position: expert on tools: references
given. Box 23-88. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER. German. .peakS little Eng-
nes h s. TcHM a iTT. 16^,°'^™""" bU3t '
WANTED— By steady. Industrious youn* man.
position as shipping clerk; experienced; best
city references. Address box 2332. Call.
MIDDLE ared. active m an wants, position a*
watchman or janitor; strictly temperate;
bond if required; references. Box 27SO. Call.
SITUATION by Industrious youns man as ship-
ping or receiving clerk. G. B.. fiO4 Guerrero.
W^ N T E £x£ ll?nt CTI >P>°yment of any kind.
Apply RQBT. CHRISTIE. CO Post st.
BARBER wants position or country!
Addresa box 2471. Call office.
PORTER wants Stevenson st.
PLATEN pressman wants position. Address
A. B. C. 1520 O'Farrell sr
SI Caii V of I flc^ tn dry BOOds nouse - Box 2TU>
WANTED— BY first-class bookkeeper, set of
book* to keep evenings. Box 2733. Call.
WANTED— A position as clerk] Box~2724. Call
office. ' -
AN experienced city salesman 'wishes grocery
specialty on commission. Box 2474. Call.
CARPENTER wants work; rough or flaiah.
las: city or country. Bos 271^ Ca!L
X^C^3iJE^ol?^CoT^-^rKone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
btrictly new and modern: accommodate 12
ixopl« over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays 540 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property In
Alameda for stock ot merchandise in S. F. :
value about $S00O. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing : established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full Invalidation and trial Kivtn: retiring
from buginoys. CAMERON & CO., a Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houfes and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks; everything first class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
cmith business: bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
BOOKS.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. 857 Geary st.
I.ODOIlffQ-HOTrSES FOB SA1E.
A — CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1060. :
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
I All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent enly $,"> 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all Mght
rooms; veil furnished throughout; chance oC
lifetime to get fiist-clasg house that is clearing
$3. r /0 to ?45O at barcain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave tor Europe to
settle an estate; make offer: exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; J30O.
45 rooms; rent only $123: first-class location;
well furnished and scod running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; aocount sickness; price $1000.
32 rcoms; cheao rent; 2 years' leas-; fine
do-.vntown location; 2 entrances; everything: In
first-class ccn-iition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month: If run tran-
sient can clear $3C0 to $J50 per month: here is
best proposition In ctty; price $a200.
IS rooms; rent $fi.%; best block on Mission
street: good buy and worth the price; $S0O.
€5 rooms: best downtown commercial hous:
in city; clearing now ?:!00 per month; every-
thing hrst-cl?.is condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
S-room fiat; rent $45; close in; oak furni-
ture; good carpets: departure; price $400.
90-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent: mest elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
25 rooms; eloi^antly fur. family hot«l on Nob
Hill: doinr fine bustnes-s; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East St.; rent only $1S;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping, H beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $::50.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahocany; fine proposition;
good lease.
ISO rooms: crand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cneap
rent; fine lease, paving $500 to $GCO per month;
close in; full nice peoole; bargain If tax-n at
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to J2S0O.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date roomir.g-house; has fln<?
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for richt .parties: part cash, balance
can b« said out of the house; other business
interests demand Immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $40<W> down, balance S
per cent p-r annum; departure.
14 rooms: rent $75: cood location on Geary
st.; well furnished; a snap at $750.
12S rooms, cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of oth^r business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
12G rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date h.iuse; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long l«ase; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business fcr exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bid*., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
85 ROOMS; men roomers; rent $22."»: new
house; new turn.; !ong lease. Marion Griffin.
FIRST-CLASS FURNITURE, new carpets 20
laree rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable,
profits f75 mo.; price $KkK); part ra»h: nr.
Geary, on sunny side. - MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEAN AS A PIN — 15 rooms; new furniture:
downtown; come and buy at your own price-
bona fide. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT — Extra well furnlRhed; quiet; 30
rms.; lease; clears ?2.".O; could clear $40v
price S3000; part cash. M. GRIFFIN.
20 ROOMS: Sutter Bt. ; ch?ape7t~e~nt~IrT"cTty^
guaranteed to clear $0O mo.; highly reppect-
able;' gift at $1500. MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, here's your chance-
$700 house for $350. MARION GRIFFIN.
$S00; PART cash; 14 rooms: well furnished"
nice house and well located. M. GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furniture: fine" corner
on Sutter >>t.. clearing $175 monthly: hlgh-
class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
140 ROOMS; flrst-olass hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month: noth-
itic in Pan Francisco outside of the St
Francis Hotel will equal it in point of fur-
nlshinrs; every room an outside room;
steam heated and every known modern con-
venience; if -you are lookinsr for one of the
city's best business opportunities on easy
terms, get full particulars from
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
$400; 18 ROOMS; 10 furnished, 6 unfurnished:
desirably located; broken arm is reason ror
feilins: clean; new house; if this doesn't
Buft, what on earth do you want for your
money ? MARION GRIFFIN.
RELIABLE Information concerning apartment-
houses In S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roomc. low rent, country transient. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient... 1500
fjl rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of buai.
neei sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
I EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO.. ~~
120C Market st. Phone Jessie 2081
¦ Rooming-hcus»?», hotels and flats; wll sell any
house ; part cash ;¦ balance easy payments.
60-ROOM,.ipartmrnt-house; new. modern; Im-
posing entrance; beautiful suites; all light
and sunny; lease: rent $B room: elevator not
necessary; clears $250 monthly. Box 3108, Call.
FOR sale— Rooming-house; 35 nicely furnished
airy rooms; good paying business. Address
Call Agency, Stockton, Cal.
FOR «i!< — Apartment house. 24 rooms; fine
location: furniture all nearly new. Box 2214
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms and basement.' for
gale: all rented. Call at 833 Mission at.
FOURTEEN rooms cheap; no reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth st. y
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
united States or Canada one year for $L
EPTTCATIoyAX—Contlnned.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management.. Combined course,
?3 a morth; life scholarship. $50. Day.
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 72a Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phclan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
morft performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
jicnoolsj special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE7Fi33~Ma7-
ket, guarantees positions to g/aduates; Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; JS mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.. mech..sur-
vry. assay, cyanide: day. fv.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalll«?n Scliocl. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
instruc; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. Com-
plete co'urse. 6 mo. $.?0. eve. $4 mo.; private.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conserv-
atory; moderate terms. 316 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA~^BusineM College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75- page catalog on request.
EMPIOYMEKT JJPriCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 526ll
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers
500 Hearst bid!
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411>£ O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton •
best help. Frits Tamagaki. mgr. ;tel. Bush 85o!
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese EmpIoyment~Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 vea.r«
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. M0 Clay!
jMPLOTMI!KT WAlTTEa rgiwr a,TVR
WANTED— A position by a respectable youne
woman to do chamber and upstairs work-
can furnish reference and will work for
reasonable wages; also understands care of
officT 9 anSWe ™ Cafe °< *«
A REFINED American lady would like po-
£-™ n a «.£ Urse to one 8nsa » ch »d °r two
K? W . n ldl ? n: Rood n^dle woman; wages.
J^^i^Min re »r nces - Cau or ad -
2 COMPETENT young women. 1 cooking,
plain washing ; the other second work, wait-
Ing. Apply 611 Halght St.
YOUNG woman wishes situation for general
?«i U i Se £? rk . : citjr or couat| T: b"t references.
1611 Mission st.
WOMAN wants situation as cock or to do gen-
cral housework In private family; city or
__country. Please call 254 Natoma rt. '
LADY with girl 3 years old would like a place
2f, worktng hou «ekeeper; city or country. Box
t>817. Call ¦ office.
SITUATION wanted by a Canadian woman in
small family; good plain cook. 1259 Bush.
SWEDISH lady wishes position as housekeep-
er. 2010 Mission Bt., near Sixteenth. __ 0
¦.-,,,,.^.- ?EH?2£H£?£?.??:
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sidle seance to-
nfsht. » o'clock $1. 10S4 Bush st.; phone
Larkin *111X
MRS. KLSIE REYNOLDS, seance" for _tull
forms Wednesday evening. 32S Ellla; 50c.
Mrs.E.M. Miller, automatic slate-wrltlng, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium ami
life reader. 120U Market St.. Gait House.
CLArayOYAIffTS.
AA— CALL at once and save |4,
My famous ?."> readings thin week for $1.
PAUL. DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if 1 fall to tell your name, and
¦what you want tt> know. I tell If husband, wile
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. 1 will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win .the one you
love, bring back your loved otie, and cause
marriase with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. BUS O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
ocour In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
FROM~ALL SECTIONsFtHEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would it not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone.
42S Eddy st.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
The Prophet of the Nile will give free lec-
ture on occultism, west parlor Golden Gate
Hall, Sunday evening, under auspices Ori-
ental mystics; public invited. ¦ Sittings, con-
sultations dally 'afterns. & evgs. 3(JS Geary.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
-• tion; namea given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm, j
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L., 50c; G. t |l. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, • 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p.m.: Sundays,- 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening 6 to 8. Phone Sooth 1141.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; namea given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. "
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gentslSOc. 545 Minna st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
facts; readings daily. 017 Market, room j.
CHOICE CALIFORNIA CANDIES FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN
California Confections' Tfiat Pfease the Pafate
...FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN...
[NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
RAMONA SWEETS A TREAT TO EAT.
YOUR CHOICE OF. ONE BOX OF ¦
RAHONA CHOCOLATE CHIPS
„____
. OR THE
RflriONfl DOMINOES
Ramnm Candi^S are a home production, made in California, the land of sunshine,
v -"" AU *-° f ruit and flowers, by an ENTIRELY NEW PROCESS, and
represent high art in candy making;. Special attention i^fc'iven to the selection of in-
gredients that make up these candies, and the factory at F0Ficeley is a model of immac-
ulate cleanliness.
RamO"a Chocolate C^ips are strictly pure and wholesome, always crisp— a
======================= dainty, delicious morsel.
In Ramona Dominoes we arc °^ r^ n Z advertisers a box of the cleanest and
= most appetizing candy on the market.
"They taste like more."
Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere.
GIFTS GIVEN THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 MaeAHister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
' % ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store , Park StrefetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
11
___»_O"r__— T "WA— TED— j_ale—Co_.
1'AIXTEli. f.ap<T-bar.ger and tmter: ."irstTcIaBV
has _U tpoi«: will work reasonable Ad-
a-"*";" 5_3 Geary st.; phone Larkln 12W.
—LKVATOR operator want* place, a. FARGO
347 K«crcy «t. - . v .. ...
— nXSE_U f.rct-cla-s cook wishes a position
in __Uy: references all C ood. Box
Call: telephone China 140, from 9 ta 11 a. ri.
A CHINESE II rsveiat-s c<vk wishes position.
¦Ud'.us AH LCa. 27 Waverly .-!a,cc.
A JAPAN_S_ High School student wants a
situation as schoolboy; plain cook- nice
waiter: ail housework understood; *:_ week.
Box MOa. Call office.
AJAPANESi: v.ell educated boy wants a po-
sition Jcr elevator or other Job during night
•»r^? /> m' {o u p - m -« room tMt - Co *
C^IO. Cell office. I
A POLITE Japanese, who can do plain cook- '
!r.p. wijht-g situation as schoo'bov; rp^aks '
ntntiUh: rcrereacet. S. K., 1329 * Pine it.: I
let Usrkin 2C11
JAFAV_3_ v.aats situation to do coik'nir- j
sucM fa_U>- : has lecominendations. Addresa ;
¦ H. care ICi.-J Van Ncsa a\e.. -ity.
-'A PANESK oci:pV ¦— _s- situations. tn_n a* j
rook. »ife waitress k_4 do housework; refer- j
•Kcer. $50. I_M._m I-ablo ave.. OakiEu.l.
J>.PANE£E; firM-c!aes cook; wish?* ' po'itUm i
In fan;ily: city cr country; good references; t
_5S -retk^uB. C. N.. room 10 41SA Post et. j
A JAPANESE boy wSsh-Mi place as schoolboy J
without room; plain cock and waiter. :
YAMADA. Ml Stockton st,
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position as !
scfcoo'.bcy; understands cooking; speak* well.
_H J _KAWATAKI : _bcx_274S. Call office.
JAPANESE, seat and er.ercetlc. wants to
work his passage to Et. Lou!* fair; under-
ad* genUen;an'e care. YOIX, 633 Sutter. j
A JAPANESE f.rst-c!af=s cook wants position j
»« schoolboy. 807 Polk St.. GEAN HARI.
*" *" *~™ ~— — — — — — —— —-—»¦__— — ------ ]
FZ^ATS JCO 1ET. j
AAA— HOUSE RENTING~I)EPARTMENT.
AH ceslrable vacant hou-teg and flats are lirt-
*d >• our free renting department; over 1000
!n cumber; a combined list from all ag«acle*: !
let us givt you a list and help you to find
a place; » e never, fall: «u?rv!ce free
ETERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES «u4 flat* to let: an J— rn ens« list; i
Krrtce absolutely free: take advantage of
•hi* departtner.t; it will save you time and
trouble. Ccrde* Furniture Co.. 245-259 ,
Geary *t.. on the square.
!
NEW 7-roorn middle flat, $35; 8-room house, I
$S5; latest improvement*; 2 toilets la each, j
ISO Second ave.. rear California ft. j
CAJaTBO. 421. r.r. 17th— Suary belt; modern i
upper Frer.rh sunny 11 room*; balcony; 1
1 :-¦ ¦ i view; conr. for 2 families; $40; stable.
NOE. 1C50 — Beautiful new fiat; tuner corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern improvement*;
convenient to Castro and 24th-«t. cars.
LAKK, 742— New 6-rocm Cat; rent 525; ma-
rine view.
1*TH. 4**. near Valencia — Punny furnished j
flat. 7 rooms; pas range; adults only: $43. '
fC>> !>0 — SS5 FREDERICK — New upper flat, 7
mr-ra and bath.
GROVE, 790— Mcilem middle flat; 6 room*;
b*ih: ftoreroom; adult*.
LARGEST h*t of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYO.V & HOAG. 316 Montgomery st.
Z22 5"V- 8 ROOMS sr.d bgth. 137 Julian ave..
cS Sixte<?r.'.h and Missicn sis.
?27 r.0— SUNNY hay- window flat. 7 r. sri<! b.;
170« W&fhirtgton. T'rr.bsen Co.. 20 Montgmry.
_ PIAT^TOJtET^-rUK~ISECED.
KA1GHX 1Z0S. Buena Vista, cor. 'central a*«.
— —leffcrt.y furnished Oat*; also unfurnished;
eeiect j.eishborhocd.
NICELY furr;i*h«J upper flat of 5 room* and
bfttbj mal and pas stoves; no children. In-
quire 1S56 Dolores st.
WASHINGTON. CS2S— N«at!y furnished runny
C,*t. 4 !arc<" rooms, garden. $15.
TX. ATS FOB SALE — FTTRXITS— XS.
FOP. tale — A furnished S-roora modern flat oa
comer; furniture nearly new. Box 19€1,
r*:i office.
ON' account of I*a.vlcg city, eery flat of 5
roorr.t at a bargain. 507 Powell st.
FOR sale— Furr.iture of 4 rooms. ei9 Eteven-
s'n st.
COMPLETELY furcished flat. 5 room?, for
e&le; good neighborhood. Box 2215. Call.
WELL f-.mished flat. 8 rooms, for Bale. $300,
Aig"gB bcx 2252. Call office.
_*tJ— _i'xu__ FOB SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $150 per week. T. Brilliant*!
Furniture Co., 340 Poet St., near Powell.
MANTEL folding b*d for sale 'oak); first-class
order; not used long. Box 3297, Call office.
NO. 7 Majestic rar.ge. frcnt and hark parlor
carpets and p!s-no for Rale. 418 Hyde et.
Anierscn Auction House. 19 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
FT'P.NITURE, stoves, bought, cold, exchanged.
Bfcrg-r. 439 Vaier.cU.nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3S79.
_PUE~ITUBE WACTED.
ABE LEVyT
?-lesroora, 1135 Market Et. Tel. Jesflie 761.
r>_"T»'t ee'.l your furniture, carpets, ofnee fur-
S—tare. etc.. until you ret his estimate.
CHAB. LEVY & CoTpay highest price for~fur^
niture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Misaion;tel. Bush 413.
WANTED — 2S girls to do housework and cook-
ing, for bo«h city an« country. $25 and $30;
4 nurxes. $25 and $30; waitresses and cham-
tw.rtr_j<l». ?_5; laundreea. $25; cook, for 12
ra*n, $35; North Carman nurse, $25; 4 sec-
ond pirls. $25, and many other*. See J. K.
CROSETT _ CO.. S24 Butter Bt.
THREE weltre«F*s for ccmmercial hotel In
country; $30. expenaes pajd. Call early. MISS
TLUNKETT. 425 Sutter E t.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girl* to learn bairdresslng.
maricurSrig. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition »:> to those entering now;
three positicr.* to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leadinr
prhool in West. 233 Geary «t., room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn mi'ilnery now f~ fall b«_-
•on; bcth *ea»oca taught from etart to finish
in one month for $15; petitions a* trimmer*.
t-JesIadlw-, etc.. ruarantp*d at S10 per wk. up;
.Jay and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
Ha-rernsisjr. manicuring. — asseg", scalp treat-
~t, isa.;r work, removal superfluous hair- $5 2
»ki.; day, eve. claw; p^itlcns sr-cui-ed: highest
*«*»—»" I— Bawnjdj from 1233 Mkt. to 123 Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere, eopj-ir.g letter*
at boooft evening* or ep*re time snd return
*o us; co r-MUHngr or canvassing; $9 weekly
"arntd; materials free. Enclose »elf-ad-
<ir*E*t4 envelope, for particulars. Guarantee
Co., No. Wj, Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED- Fiiiit-cWs millinery trimmer. Ap-
Ply betmeenj^and 11 a. m. at IIALE BROH.'
WAls-TEn—FIn-t-class millinery trimmer to go
to Ba*ran:«»rto. Apply between 9 and 11 a,
m. at HALE BROS.'
GOOD Caisijer r.-amed; must understand to
n?ske tnttoofccPa on custom coata. 200Vi
%.T— *,_.; near Jone*.
V.HOLESALE bcuse~<2eflres services of m a-
ture woman. !ntr-mg eRt and with bualnes*
cxperience; no office work. Box 2437, Call. '
WAN'TKD — Stenographer for month August.
Anewer bsx Wa, c_ll office, giving experi- ,
ence and salary expected. •
2 GIRLS for cash desk! DACIGALUPr3
Per.ny Arcade. MO Market st.
KX PE_I— KC_U . typewriter and bookkeeper; :
&w to begin. Dox 3M». Call.
APPRENTICES wanted on custom coats. 633 ,
.-i-t' U.-.l kt. '
GIUL for cooking and downstair* work. Ap-
¦J_____J___..*__J J !_: 1>a « e and H*tght. ,
WANTED — CirU fcr making grape baskets;
lay while learning. Apply Weston Uaeket '
Company, Third and lierry eta. '
WANTED — Cook and cen»ral homework; 1
small tamlly; references. 401 B Van Nets ave.
V.AlTP.nES war.ted. l(r.*4 Hyde Et. 3
rAt-EXTED amatecr i« rformer j. Apply at 1
Chutct-. e p. nt..V.>dnotday: ealary no object.
COMPETENT Kirl for ox.king «nd assisting tn ]
general fcouec-.urk. Call at 2172 Pine, :»-12.-
A 0K l T *> 131^ outing; picn"hop7'jn~Au«J8C ]
_^_i t JL_L_ 1 !!! len _i. IorE! r v ~ battery st-fS-K. I
YOUNG rlrl nur»e for child 2~year*~ofdf light i i
Slate. 1C03 I_rkin et. J
HELP WAITTED — 5tA__.
A— MURRAY & READY. 6.°,4-C36 Clay st.
Phone Main 5818.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. .
JOO.J We Gave 1904 We Hope to
fcO.COO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
He has arrived. New at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work being done close
to Wad&worth, in State of Nevada. i
Ccst enly ?1 office fee. See boss. ',
Muckers $75^ See boss.
Laborers. $73. See boss.
DrillLrs, $90. See boss. .
Concrete mixers. $75. See boss.
Call early: see representatives at our of-
; floe; flrst-ciaFs food and accommodations;
1 steady Job; crowds daily going — are you?
j
; MURRAY _ READY. 631 and 63C Clay at.
________
j SPECIALLY GOOD JOBS.
, HORSESIiOER. corporation stable, non-union,
J4 day.
Moorman, corporation stable, non-union.
$3 59 day.
Boss Here. Steady Work. Call Early.
MLRrfAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
! ~> t . „ LOOK— STEADY JOBS.
: 20 LABORERS, lumber co.; you'll do; $60.
• 20 section laborera, lumber co., $2 day.
Special fare. Special R. R. car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNO MEN.
Planing mill, box factory. $30 and found.
BOSS HERE— SEE HIM.
3 machine miners, gold quarts $82 00
I Amalgamator, gold quartz. $90.
Concentrator, gold quartx, $75.
2 firtnien. oil burners for a mice.
BOILERMAKERS.
2." boilermakera, 40c hour.
! 25 boilermakers' helpere, 25c hour.
LOOK
CAMP— FARE $1.
Cook, first, camp, fare $1, $60 and found,
focor.d cook, camp, fare $1, $50 found.
Waiter, camp, fare $1 $30 found.
Chef cook, fare $5, No. 1 Job. $80 found.
Cook, email hotel. 50c fare, $40 found.
i Oyster &nd eaiaj man. cafe, city, $10 week
and found.
Bedmakers, elevator boys, bell boys.
Walter, Eureka, fare paid, $S 75 week found.
Xight porter, good side money, hotel, $20 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS.
, Young man, drive butcher wagon, 10c far*.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs $3 to $4 day.
j HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waiter, mice, southeast, $30 found.
12 cooks, different places, $30. $50, $60.
e waiters, $30 to $40 found.
4 waiter boys. $25. $20 found.
12 dishwashers, $<», $7, $S week.
Laundryman. institution, $40.
4 porters; 2 bellboys
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC.
Gang edgerman, boss here, $75.
Cement finisher, country.
Head donkeyman. woods, fare $2, $65 fd.
Man, charge vinegar plant, $20 week.
Head lineman, woods, $75 found.
' Shingle Jointer, country. $35 found.
2 men, make sash weights, city Job.
j 4 plumbers, $4.
6 Iron molders. I
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber company, north, $90.
Tail cdeerraan, fare $3, $2 25 day.
Epoclteudtr, lumber CO., south, $50 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
2 lumber erasers, boss here. $90.
Lumber grader, bos* here-, $3 day.
Cans: edgerman. lumber company, $75.
5 men. make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here. $5O found; 2 screw turners;
2 carriage setters; hook tender.
Gang rharcoal burners, 10c to 15e sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $35, $40 found.
12 farmers. $30 and found.
14 choremen. boys, $30 to $15 found.
12 steblernen. ?3O found. $60, $75.
4 farmers and wives, $40, $50. $60 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
PLANER man, run rip. fa.vr, $2 to $3 day.
Man to head up pickle barrels. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay Bt.
A— TO LOS ANGELES, $4 t>0.
By Fanta F> R. R.. 8 p. m. daily.
]65 teamFters. J6O.
The land of sunshine fruit and flower*.
Highland*. Redlands. RiverMde.
Pomona, center, of orance and lemon groves.
MVRRAY & READY. 034-636 Clfiy et.
~~ 155 WOODCHOPPERS.
LOOK
Tinsmith. 9-hour job. $3 50 day.
Brick burner, boss here. $75.
LOOK
Milker*. Reno. Nev., $r;5 found.
Teamster, snake lops. $50 to $60 found.
2 plumbers, free fare, $4 day.
LOOK
Chef cook, mine, $t5 found.
Cock and milk, 3 men cook for, Oregon. $35
and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK.
2 starch ironers, country laundry, $12 week.
Fecond cook, country hotel, $35 and found.
Man and wife, private family, man garden
and chpres, wife cook; boss here; $45 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay et.
MARRIED butcher, all found; $40.
Harness -maker, ranch, fare $1, $30 and fd.
BOSS HERE.
Clerk, country hotel, bore here. $20 and fd.
Porter, hostler, roustabout, hotel, J30 and fd.
Second cook, ehort orders, $45 and found.
Sepcnd cook, mine, $10 and fund.
Took, 20 men. camp. $40 and found.
Baker, good bench hand, $10 week and fd.
LOOK.
Stableman, August 1, pppcial city Job, $60.
Teamster, August 1, special city Job, $60. '.
Young man, drive 1 horse $45.
SCANDINAVIANS.
10 laborers, lumber, go to-day, £35 and fd.
MURRAY _ READY. 63t and 636 Clay rt.
AT HORD &. SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Laborer*, city, $2.
Experienced wagon repairer, city, $2 60.
Carpenters, city, $3 50 and $4.
Handy man round hotel. S40.
2 waiters, camp, couth, $25.
011 firemen, Eteam shovel, $3.
Laborers for pipe line, south. $2 25.
Teamsters, $2, Southern California.
Nevada teamsters, $2 60. long Job.
A— CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY, 635
Washington ft.; phone James 3301.
Leverman for dredeer. $70 and found.
Scraper teamsters, $1 60 day and board.
Experienced lumber pilers, Tuolumne Co.,
$2 day.
5 plumber*. «teady work, $4 day.
Woodworker, city repair work, $2 50 day.
WoodchopDere, $1 75 cord.
L. H. CUTTING & CO.
WAGONMAKER. $2 60 day: coachman, $40
and found; fireman and handy man about
hotel. $20 to $25 and found; laborera for
country. $2 25 day: farmer: 3 carpenters, $4
day; cook and wife for institution. $50 and
found; waiters, dishwashers, porters, bed-
makers and others. J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. 628 Sacramento «t.
A MAN to make himself generally useful
around a gentleman'* private place: muat
oiilk one row; roust have references from
last place; apply after 9 a. m. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 18.
Second cook. $50, free fare; porter. $25.
A YOUNO man to learn the life Insurance
business and collecting; ealary and commis-
sion while learning: good references and
bond required. Apply evenings to GEORGK
FLETCHER, assistant superintendent. 23A
Kisaling s^
WANTED— Salesman familiar with retail
grocery or crockery business; steady posi-
tion; give reference, experience and wage*
expected. Box 2498. Cal! office.^ >
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letter* home
evenings; $9 TiO week. Rend addressed en- j
velope for particulars:. Manager Dept. W4,
bcx 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT~po6ition_— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free information aa
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evening:*. '
EXPERIENCED salesman for silk* and dress
goods. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium. .<'•-.. •
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work: no night or Sunday work; $25 security
required. " Apply 310% Folsom Bt, upstairs,
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market
street.
GOOD side line gloves for energetic man for
California. Box 3818. Call.
RELIABLE man for territory; pays $15 week;
call to-day. 1118 Market st., room 1.
MAN to work on a ranch; call after 10 a. in.
119 Tenth tu '
BARBERS — 3-chairshop for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 10B0 Valencia at.
BARBER shop for sale, with living rooms.
Apply 16S5 MUsion'-*t.
EAKBERS— 2-chair shop. . 2 housck?eping
rooma, $1 urn, complete, $50 caeh. 225 &th 8t. I
FOR sale — A two-chair barber shop; good 1
business. 1938 Mission st. i
_OST AMP rOTJNP— Continued.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibcrnia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Mary Agnes Sullivan. No. 125-440.
The finder will piease return to bank.
FOUND-— Gold ring. Person identifying it can
have same by calling at office California
Bottling Co.. Ninth and Harrlaon sts.
L0ST — At Sutro baths. Sunday, a ring with
two pearls and garnet. 7S6 Halght; reward.
FOUND — Gentleman's gold watch. Owner call
at SSG Parrott bldg., bet. 12:30 and 1 p. m.
_A~KCHES rOR — X _E.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; fcr pleasure and business; tel. Bush C34.
J. Michaelis Launch Co., Unlon-at. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excur? Ions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2686.
MATTRESSES AND PI__QWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: Phone:South 216.
aiASSAGE.
MASSAGE at the homes; rheumatlsm7~par"
alysis, nervousness, successfully treated A.
Vltringa, magnetic masgeur.514 E 12th,E.Oak.
MEPIOAIi.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are. painless and reliable: no failures- no ex-
orbitant' fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
1 male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE ¦
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the- un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Eat. 14 yrs. DR. R. H
WESTON, office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Poet Et.
MRS. DR, KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S& Market st., opp. 5th,
DR. G. wT^O'DONNELL— All^who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femala
complalntg; positively corrected; the unfortu-
j2 natft helped; the most difficult casea treated-
advice free. Office 1018 Market st. '
LADIES' Irregularities from any cause cured
in one day; no drugs; no operations; strictly
private: advice free; hours 9 to 9
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearny *t.
MRS. DR. GWYER, C11A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. '
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original, method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never fails*
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay!
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
A"PJMIHMjTO.
Al MINING property to exchange for city
realty; walue $60,000; would be willing to
assume small mortgage. Address box 2736
Call office.
HEADQUARTERS tor Tonopah stocks. 539-513
Crossley bids.,- Pacific States Min. _ Inv Co.
MISCELLANEOUS— POB SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery McIN
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? :
Repair it with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old'
iron, tin or shingles; b«st for new roofs
ELATERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market Bt.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers!
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstair*.
GENTS' full dress. Prince, Albert and Tuxedo
.euitF to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton at.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalcg free.
TO motormen and gripmen, a heavy Eastern
beaver overcoat or ulster with high collar
for sale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st.
A TILTON & McFARLAND safe. Inquire at
322 Battery St.
WILSHIRE safe for uale, cheap? 635 Kearny
street.
SCOTCH collie, female pup; registered; prlze-
wlnnlng stock; reasonable. Box 3803, Call.
CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $160 pr. ;
other fancy varieties. C. Wilson, '_2f> Stevenson.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN, 138 Montgomery at.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baci-
galupl. moved to 7S6 Mission at.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third at.; tel. Main 413.
ROME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
_MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market *t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
mSCELLAgEOU3JyAgT3. ...-,.,..
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; .end
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton *t.
WANTED — To lease for term of years, good
ground for duck hunting during season.
Gun Club, 770 O'Farrell at. •
WANTED — To buy gasoline launch. D.
MOYLE, 635 Central ave.. Los Angeles, Cal.
MORRIS wants 2d-hand clothing, fancy ladies'
dresses, Tuxedo suits,etc.;postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel.
Davis 825: 650 Sacramento Bt.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth at.; tel. .Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MONETTTOtJuOAW^^
XTa^herman murphy. ~~
601-602-60J Examiner building.
Quick tettlements; no disappointment*.
Save expenaes by dealing directly. ,
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
ttc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided. In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. '
. _ ________ .
A reasonable amount on :
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or . country. '
Low rate of Interest. , :
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Box 490. Call office. . "- /
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any o'ne;confldentlal and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg. |
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskin*
and valuables: our fireproof vault is protected
trom burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, .teamsters, boarding-houses, without
tecurity; easy payments: large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg,
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
•t. (upstairs), loan* mpney on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuable* at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 48V ¦¦¦¦ '
MOKSY TO _O AKT— •Continned.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 2t> Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
. at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. % .|
MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel mortgages. |
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan ani j
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. . |
TO salaried people without security: oa furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without w-
curlty. PIONEER CO., 810 Market St., suite 31
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
, employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
S% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without j
indnrser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY •WAITTEP.
LOAN $7500 2 years; security 1st mortgage
valuable machinery plant, city. Box 88O4.CaU
HEADQUARTERS for renting- pianos — Little
pianos for small rocms. medium sise for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; t-lanca for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2, a larze number of good one* at
$2 60 per mo.; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (U.e best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year s
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes st.
A FEV exceptional bargains: all uprights:
Heine grand, $475; Gabler, $350; Krcll, '$370;
Heine. $235; Steinway, $325; Mason & Ham-
_ Un, $285; Knabe, $1SO; Fischer, $115; Behr
Bros., $1S7; Crown,$140; Kimball, $65; Em-
erson, $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard. $07;
Collard, $55; investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE .
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary Bt.; Oakland. |
1-52 Broadway. __^
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
Eraid; small upright for practice $40
Woodworth, AUovon; splendid order $65
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann; mahogany case; a bargain:... $125
Estey; mahogany case: perfect order $190
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
A PIANO free for one month; if you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN. 225 gutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; aa good as
new; $135. 237 Geary at.
$60 FOR a fln« upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister Bt.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand:
Ehoninger. little uaed. Ke*flVg. 235 O'Farrell.
OrriCES A~P STORES TO _ET. "
MARKET. 915 — To rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room: best retail location in
Ean Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY, 300 Post (rt.
PERSjO^A^iiSj^^^^^^^
A— MME. GILLINGHAM,
I Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell St.. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
«he guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet, bagginees of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox plttings, etc. ; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby akin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mall or person; I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly- reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat. Including one extra pant*
free, made to order»for $15; why buy on In-
ttallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains- like this? ¦ Agenta wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a feure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Irs growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching ecadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co. ,1338 Polk.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite Co.)
to 645 Market, next to Palace; sale this
week, switches, $1; La Verite skin food,
40c; Rob Roy lotion.- 40c.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats 'Jrug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box 3231. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
. ekln. mouth, bones, etc.) epeedlly cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
HOUSE painting that will stand; phone Fell
- 4174. CLARK Decorating- Co., practical
painters, tinters and paper-hangers; fine
work a specialty; references if you want 'em.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $160 per 'week. T. BRILLIANT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et., near PowelL
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special ' to
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission at.
ALL superfluous hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Caldwell Benninger, 231 Post St.. room 1.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traver90.1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE «ult $7 50; "dres7~plints~$~25b~
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Mies Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO...733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
FA_MIST_Y.
Mrs.C. V.Whitney. palmist: hours 10 to 12, 2 to
8; parties, entertainments a Bpeclalty.711 Polk.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
priceg reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
SCIENTIFIC palmist; Mme. Kimball. 701
Stockton at.
- ¦ . f ATEirrs.
INVENTIONS patented? F. P. MEDINA, at-
- torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market •_.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. U
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office ard residency
1021% Market et. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty..
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of, the human body; for
ra.«t four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
• cated at 667 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. auccesaor .to Dr. LI Po
Tal,' herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Waahlngton at.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eapes cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st_
DR WONG HON. 819 Powell et.. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
SEWING MACHINES AND SXTPPIOES.
YOU are Invited to attend the great exhibition
of art cewinsr machines and •embroideries
which will commence at the White Co'e. new
office, 015 Market st.,' Aucust 1.
DOMESTIC— The machine tor family use: best
Is cheapeat: second-hand all makes at "any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Dome*-
-- tic office. 1021 Market at near Sixth.
- st_mm_ri_tg7~
STAMMERING permanently cured; best radi-
cal methods; highly moral and educational;
first applicant next class free treatment: I
stammered 20 years. JAMES FOLEY. 605
• Laguna! phone Page 2312—10 a. m. to C> p. m.
_EQA_ APYE_TI_EME"T3.
ANY one that has any claim on saloon at 'No.
' 129 East *t., owner Ch. McKenzie, please
: collect your bill before July 30, 1004. Place
has been sold.
JKEIiP WANTED— MALE — Continued.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S^Em?. Agents.
42U Eu*h st C42 Clay st.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY.
Cornermen, headermen $2 75
; Muckers $2
FOR NEW TUNNEL— NORTH.
10 young men for box factory, north.. $1 50
R. B. laborers. Shasta Co $2 25
Luborers, pipe line, south ..$2 25
Woodsmen, Shasta Co $00
Waeonmaker, "city $2 50 a day
Danish ranch hand $1 25 a day
Second cook, country, fare paid $60
Second cook, city $50
Walter, first-class country hotel, fare
paid $35
Baker's helper, city $7 week
Carpet layer, with tools, hotel $3
Cook, country hotel 540
Kitchen hand, springs, boes here $30
Porters, dishwashers, bellboy*.
Second cook, resort ' .$50
C. R. HAXSEX & CO... Emp. Agents
4_9 Bush st C42 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
F. M. GUNN. 63S Commercial st.
Phone Main 1101. Phone Main 1191.
RAILROAD WORK— NORTH.
20 laborers to build logging R. R. for large
lumber company, $60; water, climate and
company first class; call early and go; it's
the best going.
1 NEVADA.
{ Ship to-night, teamsters, $2 60 day; see boss
1 here and new work.
! Fee $1 — Los Angeles County — Fee $1.
j 25 teamsters, ship to-night; this is all next
winter's Job and $C0.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
20 laborers, $00; 5 lumber pilers, $60. board
$15; 20 boys, box factory, $1 65 day, all
steady work; 10 teamsters, north, $1 60 day
and found.
CITY.
Harnessmakers, $3 50 day; cooks, waiters,
porters; vegetable man, $8 week.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE-; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay Bt.
AN experienced, sober, industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department In a store
situated not far from San Francisco; would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1802, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to' know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Louis, Mo-
WANTED. — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1005 Market st.
ERRAND boy wanted; must have reference*;
steady position and advancement for right
boy. KIRK, GEARY _ CO., 112 Geary st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade: 5 weeks' new method. Halght'a.
branch No. 1, 647 Commercial *t.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; Western Addition;
good stand if properly taken hold of; cheap.
Etoltz Barber Supply House, 723 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d at., Exam. bid.
FIRST-CLAES buehelman wanted. 1103 Mar-
ket st.
BOY wanted to drive delivery wagon; 17 to
20 years; references; good wages. 1726 Polk.
BOY for butcher shop and drive wagon. 1303
Buchanan st.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop; nr. city; no rent;
$60; must sell. H. Bernard. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted. 605 Fourteenth st, Oak-
land.
BARBER wanted to buy or rent shop; low
rent ; 2 rooms; retiring. 610 Post at.
BARBER — Young man about 4 months' ex-
perlence to finish trade. 761 Howard st.
BARBERS— $100 buys my shop and S-ch&lr
business. 2C5A Eighth st. ."*¦.' ," ..
GOOD wages paid to portrait agent*. Call
after 3 p. m. at 1005 Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.,r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
A profitable outing; pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Battery, S. F.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis. r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart »t.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et. 1 , near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; C5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m. *
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL size* m?n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. r.m Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAXiESMEXT.
S*\LElfMlJN^^r^ul^^
& Co.' a Political Atlas; will sell in every
city, town and villas* In the U. S. : last
Presidential campaign our agents made big
money selling a similar work; the naw atlas
is better; the sale will be larger; this oppor-
tunity comes only once in four years; don't
miss it: write at once for descriptive circu-
lars and terms to agents. RAND, McNAL-
LY & CO., Chicago.
HO—SES ASP WAQOire. ,
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; homes, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom et. *
FOR sale— 6-year-old dapple gray saddle and
driving mare; gentle; city broke; very pretty;
$150. S.'H I^evlsadero at.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — A fine saddle mare, kind and sound;
weight 1000 lbs; will cell for $75. Box 3296,
Call office.
FOR sale— Three black saddle horses. 1523
Howard st.
ONE span truck horses; price- $225. McNAB
& SMITH, Brannan st, between 7th and 8th.
FOR sale — Rubber tired buggy, $85; uied very
little. Box 2210. Call office.
LIGHT buggy for sale; price $60; used 2
months. Box 2251. Call office.
FOR tale — Fine set rubber mounted harness,
$16. Address box 1916. Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, purreys.buggles. wagons, har-
ners. work and driving homes. 16th-Valencla.
HOUSES TOIiET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to leUse.nd for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery.
g HOTTSES TO _ET— rURW ISHEP.
TAYLOR. 1416, nr. Jackson, overlooking bay —
Comfortably fur. house 7 r., bath; open ; l-4.
1 HO-SES FUElII8HED-rOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furni»hed 6 rooma; flat to let, Call
at 100% Sixth tt.
* INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer* of
Same* tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt ; tel.Park T7S.
_OST AMP rOTJ-p.
FOUND — The- next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
. one-third tbe resular prices; under contract
and must *eU: 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
' Butter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — On Haight-st. car, Tuesday p. m., from
ferry, a brown grip. Leave at Halght-st.
car office and no questions asked.
LOST— Tuesday p. m., .pug- dog; nr. 10th ave.
and Richmond st.; return to 1744 Market st.,
liquor store, cor. Van Ness ave.; reward.
LOST — Black Gordon setter dog. between Col-
ma and Point Pedro. Sunday morning; | li-
cense number 22S4; reward. 2403 California.
LOST — Wednesday, a gold chain bracelet; email
diamond in the padlock. Return to Chron-
icle cashier and receive reward.
COAT containing gold. watch on Redwood road,
Alameda Co. Return IS California; reward.
BEAI. —STATE— COTrHTBY — ~or B_*»
WHITE & BAYLEY, ~
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE. .
EXCHANGES.
$9 per acre — 3«(X> acres, comprising the finest
stock ranch In Humboldt County: finest rancb-
| house in the county; 11 smaller dwellings, wltii
| several very large barns: all under the best u_
I fence and crcssJenced; good supply ot timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; several
thousand sheep. 10O head or cattle at market
pricy; _1X»U acres more land if desired.
*_t)OU — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; _0 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
i btred pasture; 4-room house; large barn, run-
ning water.
$o_50 — In town cf Petaluma; 2*j acres: mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood-
era; 2 wagons, harness, horse, Jersey cow;
450 hens; all In fruit; 20,CllO-gallon reservoir;
photos at office.
$C5(X) — On Marsh Creek, near Llvermore; _*>
acres; ;:.".'> tillable, balance wooded pasture;
: fair hou?e, larsw barn; wagon shed, poultry
' houses: water piped to buildings.
$14uo— 8 acres; _1_ miles of Sebastopol; 4
acres berries. 1 acre orchard, balance croj>3;
j 4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
1 niture; part cash.
j $U5U0 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
I era machinery; water power; capacity 10.0CO
I feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half c*sh or lumber at market price.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500— 2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acre*
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house. 2 barn*.
poultry houses; 2 acres assorted fruits.
$1000 — Near Sonoma City; 4^i acres; family
! orchard; new house, barn, poultry houses; over
: 200 chickens.
$2700— Laks County, 3 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; . 40 und^r
cultivation; 20 acre* alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; a acres orchard; 6-room house, barn,
windmill and tank.
$11UO — i acres fine land near Hay wards; 3-
| room house; Junction 2 roads; great place for
; roadhou«e.
$2300— Fine lumner resort In Sonoma Co.;
| stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acre*
I controlling 1000 acre, range: 8 acre* bearing
I orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottage*,
i all furnUhed; bath; dancing platform; horses;
1 farming Implements; see this quick.
| $2500— In Sunoma Co.. near boat and cars;
| 162 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
j and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room house.
. all furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagon*,
harness, tools, cow, poultry; $200 Job If de-
s!r«.'d. V_
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 5 acre*
up; 14 cash.
I ¦ $50 per acre; 3 mile* of Modesto; 20 acre*
up: V» cash. 1
*50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbridga
canal. '
GOOD PPiOPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$20 per acre — Rich river bottom land: all
I ditched for Irrigation; Placer Co., one mile Jf
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch in Placer
Co.: ltiSO acres; at railroad station.; 500 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed: carry 400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming implements, 90 cattle, 12
horses: part cash.
HoOO — 30 acres. 1 V, miles of town, Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in-
come: would trade city or Oakland propertv.
•«%0 — 3 miles of Geyservtlle; 2>-i acres: fi-
ronm house, large barn, 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard; oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$G5C0 — 10ti acres; 5 miles from San Jose; 14
acres level hay land; 7 acr%» full bearing
prunes: 7-room house, bath, well, windmill
and tank
$3750 — Sonoma Co., one mile of fine town: 10
acres all in peaches and prunes, with fln»
crop of corn between rows: modern cottage, 5
rooms and bath, well, windmill and tank;
Russian R-rver bottom: the real thing.
$10.000 — On Alum Rock ave., 3 miles of San
Jose: 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots:
drying plant: nice 5-room cottage, ground*,
atables; electric cars pass door; tncom* $300O;
would take clear bay property la exchange.
S1300 — Half-mile live town, Snnoma Co.; 4
aeres Russian River bottom land: none finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn; great poultry
farm: easy terms.
$2750^ — 160 acres fine foothill land !n Contra
Costa Co., near Clayton: 8O acres plo— land,
balance pasture: 4-room hous>e, good barn:
•wat»r piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash.
Send stamp fnr the largest and most di-
versified printed ltst en the const.
WHITE * BAYLEY,
Sticeysors to
, W. J. WHITE.
'" 26 Montgomery st., room •,.
» . . ' Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ONE- ACRE lots st Mountain View. Santa
Clara County; $400 for tnside. $43O tor
corners; streets graded; water on each lot;
enly 7% blocks from main street; partial pay-
ments; near station: convenient to Stanford
University: gwi schools and choice neighbor-
hood; write for map and full particular*.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Santa
Clara County, Cal.
FOR sale — 13 acres on county road: largo
bam, stalls for 20 horses: houae of 3 rooms:
fine spring- water; 300 chickens: 12 tons
of hay; fine place for berries, alfalfa, chick-
ens, etc.: will meet vou at station by ap-
pointment. Address Bcnton Ranch, Moun-
tain View. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, atock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64g Market at.
ALAMEDA APVEP/TS'MTS
ajt^am— T>A EEALESTA-l^
GOOD business property at a bargain on
Park st. Inquire at 2515 San Antonio ave.
BEAUTIFUL lO-room residence In Alameda-
lot 60x150. Owner. SIS Market. S. F.. room t»-
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE
~-~2 -—->-
6-ROOM cottage; good well: also city water;
chicken-house, fruit trees, flower gar&n; lot
40x100: 3 blocks to station, either R P. or
Key R3Ute; price $1230; terms $15? ca*b.
balance $16 monthly; open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorln station. South B«i*el«y.
BARGAIN — 5-room eottag-e. bath, pantry, high
basement, brick foundation; city *»«ter; lot
35x30; price $1630; terms $16 — onthly; thi*
house is rented for 16 months: open Sunday*.
O. A- RL'rOLPH. Lorin station. Souta
Berkeley.
BARGAIN — 5-roora cottage: high basement:
stable, aheds. chicken-houses, good well: lot
60x120; all fenced and cross-fenceit; pries
$1450; term* $200 cash, balance $ltf monthly:
close to station, school, church and store*.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Open Sunday*. Loria
- -station. South Eerkeley. .
'6 ACRES in the heart of town, with cottage,
windmill. 40oo-gal. tank, large b&rn. eo—
ahed and buggy shed; fronting on N <nacada-
mtzed street, for sale at a bargain; Nthere'*
money tn tt.
JOS. J. MASON. S
SE. Cor. Shattwck and Center gt. >
FOR sale — Beautiful home; 6 large wpaoi;
house; bath; laundry; fine reception qall:
large lot: barn; chicken yard*; plenty frfuit.
flowers; beautiful lawn; terms. Inquire 1*7T
Thirty- fourth St.. Oakland. 1
BZBEC _ E~ !• ODOIHO-EOUSIS To _>rt
UPPER 2 stories of 3-story brick buildirfK.
opposite Berkeley station, 1 block from or»'-
verslty grounds: ?0 rooms, arranged to siilt
tenant. LITTLE A WOOLSEY, 2110 ShaV
tuck ave.. Berkeley. -- j, '
OAKLAND ADVEKT'S'-ITS 1
O~~'ICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
Chicaco. 111.. July «. 1304.
J. E. MYERS, Real Estate Agent.
1CC2 Broadway, Oakland.
Dear Sir— I want you to sell my noose ©«
Edwards atreet at once. Reduce, tha piic»
to (3750. It has cost tn 9 $i500. The houas
Is new, ha* seven roorr.s and bath. I had
it built for a home and It is first-class in
every way; open plumbing; combination
gas fixtures; lot i* 00x123; front* south;
' mortgage of $250O can remain. I make this
reduction In price so as to realise on It at
once. Respectfully, LOUIS D. REEB. Pal-
mer House. Cblcagtx
The above mentioned property I* a flr«t-
class place: it Is near the Key Route station
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
The street is SO feet wide, macadamized and
cement walks ami la a flrst-clasa neighbor-
hood. It ta positively a bis bargain, and to
see it mean. 1 * to huy It." "
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Eroadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN— ?l«n); 3-room house; larga lot.
windmill and tar. it: everythina new: must
sell Immediately; f>n!y J«0o cash required.
-5137 Maple 3?.. off Fifty-first, near Tete-
— T>f.h. Caklnnd.'
— BE^FOBJBA^E
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schel!naa-,llta St.. cor. store. Oakland.
Continued on Pa_ Twelre.
' BEAI. ESTATE— CITY— FOB SA_S.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Tuesday, " . Auguit 2. 190*.
FELL-ST. FLATS.
Nos. S13-13-17 Fell Bt.. west of Flllmore: 3
elegant, modern houses, containing 9 rooms
and bath each, finished attic, basement,
beamed ceilings, ratent heaters, tiled bath-
rooms; unexcelled panoramic and marine view;
lot 25x65 feet.
LANGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 241-41V-, 243-43^4 Langton «t., north-
west ot Bryant; lot 25x75 feet; 4 substantial
flats of 3 rocms each, brick foundation; rent
$40 per month; mortgage $1330 at 6 per cent
can remain.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT. .
Nos. 474-74^4. 476-76% ' Tehama St.. east of
Sixth; lot 25x75 feet; Improvements consist of
4 modern flats containing 3-4 rooma each; rent
|52 per month.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 1122-22V4 Treat ave.. north of Twenty-
fifth St.; lot 25x112:6 feet; improvements con-
»l»t of 2 elegant fiats of 5-6 rocms and bath
each; rent $42 SO per month.
FULTON ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Two fine building lots on the north line of
Fulton St., 15ti:3 feet east of Central ave.;
lots all graded; street sewered and bltumln-
lzed; cement sidewalk and stone curb; each lot
25x137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1553 to 1563 Inclusive; Masonic ave..
south of Piedmont at.; 3 elegant, modern 2-
story buildings, each containing 2 flats of 5-6
rooms: new and modern in every respect; each
apartment rent* for $22 50 per month; gross
rental for the three buildings $135 per month;
each lot 25xl£O feet; will sell property as an
entirety or each building can be sold sepa-
rately if so desired; we can arrange liberal
terms credit if the party desires.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Southwest corner Nineteenth and Hampshire
sts.; 2-story, bay-window building, consisting
of 2 flats of C-C rooms each; lot 28x91 feet;
mortgage $2000 in the Humboldt Savings Bank
can remain.
FOLSOM-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 2120-22 Folsom st., south of Seventeenth;
lot 24x122 feet; improvements consist of 2 fine
flats of 4-5 rooms, porcelain bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation; rents $43 50 per month;
built only 3 years. •
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 200 Minna at., east of Third; key lot. 20x
70 feet; substantial dwelling thereon.
?, EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
' • 638 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
We Lead in Sales of Oceans Ida Lots! Why?
Choice st. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
Climate!
Don't Miss This Golden Opportunity!
$500 to $1200— Graded: ready for building.
. Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
Nothing- Ilka it in this city. All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $300 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office, corner H *t. and
47th ave.; also- corner 49th ava. boulevard and
K st. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1200 — Choicest Sunset lot*; $10 monthly.
$300 to $1000— Cheapest Richmond lot* and
near Spreckela Lake and park; on Installments.
$150 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5- monthly.
$1000 to $4000— Modern Cottages in Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Homestead.
Low prices! Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
GRAND CELEBRATION ~~~
AND OPENING OF THE ELECTRIC
STREET CAR SERVICE
AT POINT RICHMOND
AND SANTA FE TRACT
THURSDAY. JULY 2S. 1004.
FREE TICKETS
CAN BE HAD AT OFFICB
OF THE SANTA FE TRACT.
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
McEWEN BROS.
PROPERTY OWNERS. ATTENTION!
At the recent meeting of the Beard of
Equalization, the assessed valuation of your
city property has been greatly Increased in
tome localities and lowered in others. For
the Email fee of $3 we will obtain for you
the present correct assessed valuations of
your property.
A. H. HERRMANN. Room 169, Crocker bldg.
FIRST time on the market. 4 fine level build-
Ing lots, one corner, northwest corner ISth
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; Just the place for
houses or flats; only $80 p«r front foot.
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montzomery st.
?1 25 PER week; no interest: lots In th« Ex-
celslor Homestead Tract: all l<rvel: no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your llttl» home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery at., room 8.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$5000— Fine cottare of 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
3 rooms in basement; cor. lot Buchanan st.
$4500— Elesrant bay-window cottage of 5
'rooms: large basement; nr. 17th and Market.
$1200— Good corner, near Chutes; 32:6x100.
$1800— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 25x114. with
coal business, horses, wagons; all goes.
$1800 — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath: 338 Val-
ley St.; lot 25x106; $500 down, balance easy
terms. P. COFFIN & CO.. 330* Mission st.
COTTAGES with all modern improvement*;
terms same as rent. Apply lumber yard,
cor. Army and Ccndon sts.
HOUSE and lot. 50x105 ft., opp. new Mission
Park. Inquire C. E. HATCH. Chronicle bldg.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 8-16 Howard st.
_POI~T^ niCHMOira BEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on SantaTFe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
50x200" at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre: monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. KAIGHT. 401 Calst.,S.F.
MENIiO FABK BEAIi ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back cf Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; M cash.
Menlo Park — A fin* country home, with
splendid garden and magnlfia«nt trees; well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in beBt part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; in tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building Immediately.
SELBY, RODGERS A CO..
Telephone Main 673. . 116 California st.
SAN MATEO B_A_ ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electric
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sawer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.: 50-foot lots from $325 to $400; term*,
$10 down and $10 a month: get off at "Lomita
Park" and investigate: maps eent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
SAN AN3--M0 BEA_ ESTATE.
FOR sale — Nice lot, corner Mariposa and Rail-
road ave., 60x104, In San Anselmo, Cal. In-
quire 362 Perry st,, Oakland.
BEAI. ESTATE TO E_C_— IT OE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-803 CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to soil his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in o different kind of property.
Our . long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property, if you wish us to
dispose of It fcr you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take tip either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged aa to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whethar you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing- business,
bring a description of same to our office, atat-
Ing what klcd of property you prefer la ex-
chanztr. and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the enly company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. '.We make no eharge for ad-
vertising or any other purpoie unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept. • '
$2500 EQUITY In Berktley re«ldence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly improved
or unimproved country property in the Rus-
• «lan River secticr>: Berkeley property con-
citta of 9-room residence, lot 45x134. with
stable and cbicken-houae; stone walk*, grav-
eled drive; In desirable residence »ection;
near school, railroad and electric Sines. A_-
dress box 4927. Call office.
AN «l»gant new 10-room house in a fine loca-
tion In Oalclnnd to exchansre for land or loM
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 468 Tenth st, Oak-
I; land, Cal. ¦ • ¦ ¦
: ."•>! ¦ -J ¦ . -¦••¦' .¦-'.-¦:.. . ' \ - fi "N C P C 6s. — 100 I Dot mtg4s 97% —
N S R R 5s. — 101 |Stkn G&E6s. 93^ 95
O G L&H 5s.lO7 108 U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
WATER 8TOCKS.
Contra Costa 36% 40 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co.... — 60 js V Wat Co. S6% 87>4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3«i 4 |S F G & E. 61 61%
Mutual EL.— 13»4lstkn G & B. — 7%
Pac L Co. . . 56'.4 — lUG&ECo.— —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANIv STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 L P & A.... — 163
Anglo-Cal .. — S7 Mer Trust.. ..205 —
Bank of Cal. — 430 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 I Sav & L. So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. 1- S95
Mutual Sav. 100 — (Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.600 650 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 J Presidio — 43
POWDER.
Giant 60»; 61%|ViBorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c Kllauea S C — 4 -
Hawaiian C. 61 — Makawell C. 22% 24
Honokaa S C — 12% Onomea S C. 24% 27%
Hutch S P C 7% 8 Paauhau S C. 13 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.124%125 Oceanic S Co. — 4%
Cal F C A. 99 100 Pac Aux FA. 4% »
Cal Wine A. — — Pac C Borx. — 152%
MV& MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 123 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 122 50
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 121 60 1
10 S F Gas & Electric 6100
60 Spring Valley Water Co 36 87%
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 75
Street —
40 Alaska Packers' Association. . .125 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 122 00
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 122 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . .128 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 124 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 125 50
"."», Alaska Packers' Association. . .125 00
10O Spring Valley Water Co 37 00
$5,000 S P of C 6 per cent 105 75
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 90 25
$20,000 Northern Ry'of Cal 6s. ..,..105 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 | SF & NP 5s. — 109%
B L. Wat 6s. — 117 IS P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 113%|S P Co 4%s.lOO —
M C Wat Ss.100 — (Sun Tel 5s... — 104
Rls I Wksos. — 105 Sutter-st RSs.105 113
S F Drdk 5s. — H3%|UR of SF 4s. 83& 83%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25% — Mat Nav Co. — 00
Amer Bis Co — 00 Nev Nat Bk. — 203
Cal Cot Mllo 80 — N S R R Co. 0% —
Cal O&ECor. 47 50 N Cal P Co. — 10%
C Jockey Cl. — 125 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder.. — 143 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF Hall A 6 : — '
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co. — 16
Cen Bk, Oak — 65 PacC Cas Co.t30 —
Chutes Co .. 6% 7 Pac S Tel...l0t%103
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — Paraf Paint.. 3S —
East Dynm.. — 270 S F Drydock. 60 —
Dpr.tPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
Do com . . — 50 S J Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ' SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 65c — Swiss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk. — 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A. . — 22 UR InC pfd. -48% —
Hono P Co.. 10 — Do com ... 9% —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
¦ Board —
60 United R R Inv Co pfd 49 00
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 00
Street —
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
Afternoon Session.
Board — : V
$27,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alroa .... 100
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Cert...;... 19
Aztec .... 65
California Standard 14
Caribou 8 60 4 25
Claxcmont 70 ....
Four 62 65
Hanford 165 00 175 0O
Homo .... 140
Imperial 18 OO
Independence 25 27
Kern 4 »5 6 00
Kern River 1100,
Monarch (of Arizona) .... 31'
Monte Crlsto .63
Occidental of W Va 06 - ....
Oil City Petroleum 69
Peerless ....: .... 13 50
Pittsburg 04 ....
Reed Crude 150 ....
Sovereign . J . . ." .... 42
Sterling 2 65
Superior 05 . ...
Alaska Packers continued the important
stock yesterday and ln the morning broke from
$125 to $121 50 under small sales, but ln the
afternoon supportlnjj orders appeared and the
price. was run back to $123 frf>. Brokers ex
plained the decline as due to. the disappointing
run of fish, Inactive markets and other causes
proceeding from these conditions.
The oil stockfi continued dull and feature
less.' The mining stocks were likewise in
active, with prices showing more or less ten
dency downward. •»
. The Segregated Belcher Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 5c.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Hanford Oil, $2 per
share.
The Solden Gold Mining Company of Placer
County has levied an assessment of 6 cents
per share, delinquent Ausust 24.
The regular annual meeting- of the stock
holders of the German Savings and Loan So
ciety has ,been called for August S.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, July 26.-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l05?ilOOV4Ns qr cp new.l32>^133Vi
4s qr reg... 104^4 105 |3s qr coup...l06' a 106S4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.ll7# —
AssoOHSs.. — — Do 5s 110
Bay CPC 5s.lO3 106 Do con 68.102^104
Cal.C G 5s.l03%lO4% Oceanic S 6s. — 72\4
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s. — 124%
m & ct 5s. 84% 85 Pac G Im 4s. 93
Cal-st C 5s. — 115^ P E Ry 5s.. 104^105
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P & C H 6s.lO3 —
EdL & P Cs.121 — |P & O R 68.1131* —
F & C H 6s.ll2% — I Powell -8t 6s. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 Sac EG&R5s. 97%9S^J
H CAS 5%s.l0rt'. — SF & SJV6s.H7%118
¦ Do 5| ¦.... m 100 Sierra R 6s.. — 113
Hon.R T 6s.l0«%107 SP of A 6s .
L A Elec 5s. — •' j (1909) ..... — —
LA Ry 5s..lllH115!il (1910) 107!*lCStf
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6s
Do Rtd fls. — —: (lOC.->)Sr A. 103 103tf
Do gtd 5s. ~ 105 (1905)Sr B.1O4 —
LAP lem r«s.lOl\4 — (lflOii) .....105*4 —
Mkt-st C fis.tirp,4 _ (1912) .....116 '—
Vo lem Rs.115 — SPC 1 ce 5s.llO —
MV& MtTos.10114 — Do stampd. 108*4 "—
NBR of Ctis.105 ¦— S y B R-6s.l.1t% —
£ Do la 117*4 — S V.- Wat. 6s. 105% —
r V P C R 5s. ~ 1051/, Do 4s. 2dm. 09 V4 —
rN C Ry 5s.. ~ 112 I Do U 3dm. 09 —
Packers Breaks to $121 50
but Recovers.
STOCK MABKET.
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 10 00
Wabash 50
Associated Bonds 77 50
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 83 SO
Sanitary Reduction Works . . .... • 1 30
SALES.
Morning Session.
87 Associated * 1»
60 Kern Oil 4 R3
200 Monarch 28
Afternoon Session.
BOO Independence 26
300 Sovereign 40
100 Fischer's 85
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2oo Andes 19 250 Ophlr 2 40
50 Best & Belch, ft'! 30O Overman 12
200 Caledonia .... 45 100 Potoei ; 15
SCO Con Cal & V.I 10 200 Sea; Belcher... 06
200 Confidence ... 70 200 Sierra Nev... 23
500 Crown Point.. 11 300 Sliver Hill... 50
200 Gould & Cur. 12 100 Union Con... 24
200 Mexican • 83 300 Utah 10
400 Mexican 83 100 Tellow Jacket. 20
100 Occidental ... S2|
Afternoon Session.
200 Bullion 19 300 Occidental ... 73
500 Chollar 14 2C0 Ophir 2 SO
200 Con Cal A V.I 05 450 Overman 11
500 Gould A Cur. 11 200 Union Con ... 22
100 Mexican 81
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 19! 1 00 Mexican 83
100 Caledotila .... 45 200 Mexican 81
200 Con Cal 4; V.I 10 100 Ophlr 2 42*i
600 Crown Point.. 10 200 Ophir 2 37S
100 Exchequer ... 42 5OO Silver Hill ... 60
100 Gould & Cur. 11 100 Union Con ... 23
Afternoon Session.
500 Bullion 19| 400 Mexican 80
200 Caledonia .... 451 100 Ophlr 2 30
300 Con C & V.I 07^i 600 Overman 11
100 Crown Point.. 10|
TQNOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesteraay:
Morning Session.
BOO Columbia .... 26| 50 MacNaxnara .. 43
600 Columbia 25 100O MacNamara .. 47
400U Goldfleld BAB 15| 100 Mont Ton ...2 40
1000 Goldfleld Ton. 11I100O Ray & O'Brien 10
1000 Goldfleld Ton. 12 100O Red Top 13
200 MacNamara . 46 lOtiO Rescue 10
100 MacNamara . 45 100 Ton Midway.. 60
1400 MacNamara . 44 1 ,
Afternoon Session.
1000 Goldfleld Ton. 12 100 Rescue 10
600 Goldfleld Ton. 11 100 Ton Exten.... 96
100 MacNamara . 44 500 Ton Gold Mt. 19
700 MacNamara . 43 3000 Ton Gold Mt. 19
650 MacNamara . 46 100O Ton Midway.. 60
200 MacNamara . 47 600 Ton Midway.. 51
500 Ray & O'Brien KM 5C0 Ton Midway.. 82
200 Red Top .... 151
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. J
.' TUESDAY. July 2«— t p. m.
Bld.Ask.l BId.Ask.
Alpha 08 09 Justice 12 13
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 13 20 K. Graessler.. —120
Belcher 16 17 Lady Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 63 61 Mexican 79 SO
Bullion IS 19 Occidental .... 79 8t
Caledonia 41 44 Ophir 2 3O 2 T.5
Challenge ... 17 20 Overman 11 12
Chollar 14 15 Potosl 15 16
Confidence ... ,65 75 Scorpion 08 03
Con Cal & V.I 05 1 10 Savage 22 23
Con Imperial. — 01 Seg Belcher... 04 CS
Con N Y 02 03 Sierra Nev ... 22 24
Crown Point.. 09 10 Silver Hill ... 49 51
E Sierra Nev 03 06 St. Louis .... 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... — «5
Exchequer ... 41 43 ITnlon Con ... 22 23
Gould & Cur. 11 12 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norc. 60 70 Yellow Jacket. IS 20
Julia 03 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Coiehan — 03 Ray Ton "... 06 — I
Columbia .... 20 25 Red Top 14 15
Ksperania ... 02 0.1 Rescue ....... 10 n
Gold Anchor. — .27 Rothwoll G M 72
Goldfleld B&B — 15 Ton Belmont.. 73 75
Goldfleld Nev. 80 90 Ton & Cal.... 15 —
Goldfleld Ton. 11 12|Ton Cash Boy. 12 —
Gold Mt Con. 01 — Ton Exten.... 95 ©6
Jim Butler .. 50 731 Ton Fraction.. 23 —
Little Ton .. — 60 Ton & Gt W. 05 —
I,ucky Tom.. 03 05|Ton Gold Mt. IS 19
MacNamara . 4ft 49!Ton Midway.. 51 52
MUpah Exten 12 —I Ton of N.8 12^ 8 3^
Mont Ton ...2 40 2 43 Ton N Star.. — 34
N Y Ton ..... OS 04| Ton & S Lake. 50 —
Paymaster .. 03 05ITon Superior. — 08
Fine Grove .. 60 — I Ton Union ..10 —
Ray Exten .. — OSlUnlted Ton .. — Oft
Ray&OBrlen 10 111 West End ... — 27
TUESDAY. JULY 26.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
P. Wlngerter. lot on W line of Larkln street.
70 S of Sutter. S 50 by W 73; $ .
Catherine Miles to Guaranty Loari* Co.. lot
on S\v corner of Lily avenue and Buchanan
street. S CO by W 114: $10.
Estate of Frederlka Reck (by Frederick aad
Albert Reck, executors) to Joeephine Cockrlll.
lot on S line of Sixteenth street. 63:10 E of
Valencia. E 25:2 by S 115; $3075.
Kate S. Dorlasd to Alma E. Woodman, lot
commencing l&O £ of Dolores .street and 113
N of Eighteenth. E 22:« by S 23:0; $10. .
John w. A. and Cynthia E. I'attercon to
Michael and Mary Keena. lot on $ line of
Nineteenth street. 51- E of Hartford. E -i by
S 86; $10.
Union Trust Company (guardian o* estates
of Alice, Eugene, Irene and Raymond Cora
erford, minors) to Irving and Mary W.at3on»
undivided one-half of lot on E line of CSjurch,
street. £3:9 S of Valley, S 25:9 by E 10O; $JKi.
San Francisco Savings: Union to TUcb*a.pd
Colbrandt, lot on W line m" Castro street. 73
S of Twenty-flrst. S 75 by W- 1X5; $1250. •
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society . to'Jo
seph A. Kreltng, lot on NE corner of Thirtieth
an.l -Non streets. N 26:« by E 106: $600.
Georse M. Westcott to David Cobb. lot -or*
N line of Sacramento street. 172:81- E . of
Kearny. E 45 by N 59:6: $10.
Estate of Daniel E. Martin (by Paulina
Martin and Marie L. Mitchler. executors) to
C. O. G. Miller, lot en SE corner of Washing
ton and Stockton streets. S-80 by*E 23: $3350.
Herman Mattern to Katherine Mattefn
(wife), lot on N line of John street. 80 W of
Powell. W 20 by N 62:6; gift.
John J. and Emma E. Thuesen to Edward
Convey, lot on NW corner of West Ea4 alley
and Gibson street (137:6 E of Larfcln and 77:4
N of Green). N 60 by W 45): $J0. .
Mary D. Smith et al. to Jeremiah cr Jere
miah Murphy Jr.. lot on NE line of 2ftnth
street. 50 NW of Clementina. NW.25 by MS
T5: also all interest ln estate of Jeremiah Mur
phy: $750.
R. Y. and Hattle E. Wells, p. E. and-Ros*
C. Saunders and J. J. Mazza to Joseph Nash,
lot on S Una of Lake street. SO Et of Second
avenue, E 23 by S 102:1 H: $10. •
City and County of San- Francisco to Charlea
W. Pope, lot on SE corner of Twenty-second
avenue and Clement street. S 100. E 54:8, NW
101:3. W 44; $ .
James L,. Wilson to William CcTbln. 1st en
W line of Twenty- fifth avenue,. 323 8 * oC
Clement street. 8 25 by "W 130; $10.
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Mary J.
Scott, same; $10. •
Bryan J. Clinch to City Trust. 8af« Deposit
and Savings Company, lot on E Un« of Thir
tieth avenue. 100 N of L street, N 60 by B
12f>: $10.
Spring Valley "Water Company to City 'and
County of San Francisco, lot on S -llne> of
Nineteenth avenue and N boundary line of
property of first party. SE % mile. W alos;
N line of Ocean avenue to potnt TO W of
Nineteenth aveime. NW i; mile. E 70. con
taining 2.1 acres (for public street); $
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association, to Merten
S. Prince, lot In cemetery; $340l
S. Ducas Company to Albert E. and Lena
C. Williams, lot on E lino of Munich street.
150 S of China ave. S 150. NE 100. lot 2. ttloele
S3. Excelsior Homestead; $20.
Julius C. Rets to Elizabeth Rose, lots 31 to
84. block 13, Rels Tract; grant.
George H. Vose Jr. to George H. Vose Jr..
undivided two-ninths of lot 161. blocs: 3, Fair
mount: $10. .
George R. White to same, undivided third
of lot 161, block 3. Falrmount; $23.
H. B., Samuel. Clara K. and Elzy La Ross
to same, undivided two-ninths of lot 181. block
3, Falrmount: $30.
George and Kate Ryan to O. W. H. Probert
lot on SE line of Preclta avenue, 73 SW of
Ryan. SW 25. SE 105. NE 15. NW 25. NE 10
NW SO. lot 1. George Ryan subdivisions Pre
dta Valley 219 to 223: J1O.
Cosmos Laml and Water Company to Charles
W. Johnson, lot on S line of Rlchland avenue
200 W of South. W 23 by S 100. lot 18. bloclc
8. Holly Park: $450.
Jullux C. Reis to> Joseph Ferro. lots 17 and
18. block 23. Rels Tract: grant.
Builders* Contracts.
Adam M. and Matilda Beutscher (owners>
with A. M. Wallen (contractor), architects
Kldd & Anderson — All work, except painting,
plumbing, electric work, shade*, mantels, plas
ter centers and outside staff work, picture
molding, or excavation or concrete work for
a two-story frame building, basement and attic
(flata) on E line of Devisadero street, 107 :« S
of Waller^ S 25 by E 116:3. Western Addition
441 : $4337 50.
Gustave Cecchlni (owner) with Thomas Cava
naugh and Frank Johnson (contractors), achi
tect C. S. McNally — All work for a two- story
frame building on SW corner of Third and
California streets, S 78:4, W 32. N 73:0*4. li
Helen C.'DIxon (owner> with A. H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architects Cunningham & Politeo
—All work for a two-story and basement frama
building (flats) on 8 line of - Fulton street,
07:6 W of Flllmore. W 23 by S eS:9; 1*300.
Patrick and Elizabeth Kinz (owners) with
Cameron & Dtaston (contractors), architect B
J. 3. Cahill — All work . for a two-story an.l
basement frame cottage on lot on E line of
Castro street. 76:6 N of Twenty-flrst. N 23 by
JZ 100; $2BC0.
A: P. Glldden (owner) with Fllnn & Treacy
(contractors), architect Philip Snhwerdt—Ex
cavating, grading, concrete work, cement
plastering, sidewalk repairing for lot owned
by Dr. Crowley on SW corner of Flllmore and
Hayes streets. 23 by 76::>: $1030.
Old People's Home (ownsrs> with Robert
Dewar (contractor), architect WU'.lam Curlett
— Alterations and additions to bulletins on lot
on SW corner of Pine and Plerc* streets;
Victor L. Podesta (owner) with The Levy
Company (contractors^ architects P. Rlghettt
and H. Kuhl— Plumbing, piping, finishing.
electric work, wiring, etc.. for three flats on
lot on N line of Filbert street, til* W of.
Stockton, 25 by 82:6; |1350.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7U@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7U@7?4c, according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $42 50@43 50 for local us*
and $il 25'£M2 per flask for export.
SALT — Prices to Jobbers: Bales. 90c for
common and 51 10 for granulated: Dairy. $6^7
per ton; Granulated, ?7@7 50; Half Ground,
300-lb bags. ?3 25: do, 50-lb bags. $3 75; Rock
Salt. $2 85®3 In 100 and $3 25 ln M>-lb bags;
Genuine Liverpool, $14, $15 and $ltj per ton
In packaKCB of 224. 100 and 50 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follow*, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.05c;
Powdered, S.flOc; Candy Granulated, 5.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.80c; Dry Granulate^, coarse.
5.$0c; Fruit Granulated, 5.00c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), : Confectioners'
A. 5.S0c; Magnolia A. 5.40c; Extra C, 6.30c;
Golden C. 5.20c; "D," 5.10c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.S0c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes, $18@19: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $1JV@23: Lath. 4
feet, $3 75@4; Pickets $17@25; Shingles, $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
Split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33(&39.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 26.
Flour, qr sks. ..12,450 Wool, bales 320
Wheat, ctls ..i.. 3,4*1 Beann, sks 144
Barley, ctls 7.431 Tallow, ctls 212
Oats, ctls 2,702 Leather, rolls ... «H
Corn ctls 696 Hides. No 1SB
Potatoes, sks ... 2.200 Pelts, No 1.15
Onions, sks 809 Lime, bbls 27."!
Bran, skfl, 93i>|Wlne. gals 46,425
Middlings, sks .. 7451 Sugar, ctls S00
Hay. tons 654| Quicksilver, flsks. . 6
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. ln bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19^c: Astral. liHJc:
St.ir, l»%ac: Extra Star. 2tc; Elaine, 26c; Eo
cene, . 2Uc: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk,
Iflc; in enses, 22\2c; Benzine, ln bulk, 13c: In
cares 19',4c; 86-degree Gasoline, ln bulk, 25c;
in capts, Me.
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon ln cases and
75c ln drums and Iron barrels.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2fl@€lc: extra, heavy,
810330 per lb; medium. 25@2tfc; iizht. 22@27c;
R.>ubU Leather. 24^26c: Harness Leather,
heavy. 33©;59o for No. 1 and 30^330 for No. 2:
medium, 30®37c; light, 2S>«J35c: Skirting No. 1
40(g42c; No. 2. 30<?38c; Coilar Leather. 15ig'16c
p^" foot; Trace Leather. 4O#44c: Kip, un
finished, 405150c per lb: Veal, finished. 5(VfJ60c
per lb: Calf, finished. 65c@$l per lb: Wax Sides,
lG@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14@lCc;
Rough Splits, S$.10c pel- lb. •
TAX15ARK- Ground, $25®2S per ton; stick.
$16 JJOglS r>er cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
Nip fcr raw; Castor Oil, ln cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 50c
for boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, cases,
<!2>£'aS0c Per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
5»c {or Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, ri~c; natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
strained Lord Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil, 42c: dark Herring Oil,
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c: raw
Fifeh Oil. S5c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. J
Guatemala and Mexican — 13»i©15c Tor fancy
washed: ll%@13!ic for prime to strictly prime
washed: ll<pilVjc for strictly good washed;
10»i*?109ic for Rood washed; 0U®10Uc for fair
washed; 6U®'.»c for "medium; 7®«e for Inferior
to ordinary; 10^@12c for good to prime washed
peaberry; O^^ilOc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; &%<@$%c for good to superior un
washed.
Salvador — 13@I4c for fancy washed; 12312»ic
for strictly prime washed; 10l£@ll%o for good
to prime waehed; 0®I0Vic for fair washed:
lCKg>12c for fair to prime washed peaberry; 10®
lOV&c for good to prime semi-washed; fHi<®0%e
for suoerior unwashed; 9c for good green^un
washed; 0%©10c for good to superior un
washed peaberry; 7@-8c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — llVi@-l3Vic for prime to fancy
washed; ft^lO'^c for fair to strictly good
washed; S>,6$'S%c for good to Bupeiior un
washed; DijjtfilOc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14®W%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%@13V$e for prime
washed; 10V4©12%c for good washed: ll^©13c
for eood to prime washed peaberry: 10@llc
for good to Drimo peaberry; Il(gl2t4c for good
to primer 0®JO^c for fair; "Vi9"8%c for com
mon to ordinary.
standards, 67%©70c; gallon standards, $2 05®
2 10; fl-lb solid pack, 87Vt<3Wc: Green Peas-
Baby petlts pols. $1 60; pctits pois, $1 35; ex
tra sifted, $1 15; standard siftad, $1; standards,
85c; Marrowfats, 82%c; gallon sifted, $4 25;
gallon standard. $3 75 f. o b. San Francisco.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 60: "Beaver
Hill. $5 60; Standard, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Richmond,
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 ln bulk and $14 25 ln
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthraolte- Egg, $14;
welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 60@13
per ton in bulk and $16 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, P«r lb. 4%c;
case*, regular, $5 55: cases, extra large, 6%o;
Eastern style, 6*ic; boneless. 6Ue; "Norway,"
«V4c; "Narrow Gauge," 6?ic; "Silver King,"
7%c: blooke, "Oriental." 6V±c: blocks, "Sea
bright," 7c; tablets, 7i4c; middles. 7©9V4e;
fancy boneless. 8%(g«-Jic; pickled Cod, bbls.
$S; pickled Cod, half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as fol
lows, CO days or ¥, p«r cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila, 14»4c; S!sal.
lOHc; Duplex, »i4c; Bale Rope, HU®H?io
per lb.
Continued From Pace Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
12
SOO2XS A1TD BOARD.
TWO sunny rooms and board. 3 adults, ln pri-
vate Jewish family; terms reasonable; state
full particulars. Box 27C2, Call.
CLAY. 11C3 — Furnished room snd <board.
CLAYTON. C25 — Rooms and board for 2 ln
private family; reasonable.
EDDT. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag.
ELI.IS. 433 — Fine furnished rooms; excellent
table board; good location. *
FURNISHED room, with board, ln German
family. Address box 2731, Call office.
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and rcons,
rlngle or double. $5-$Swk.; American family.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board reasonable.
Steveiiton Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
V)7 California — Pee rioms. learn prices. try tabl#
STOKAQB AUD WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT & ETOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 730,
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 1G1.
CAPITAL Van snd Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres..
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of.
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'6 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12S.
GOLDEN We*t Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BSKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
" St.. tel. Main 184O. Shipping at cut rates.
T7PEWEITESS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. C3C California st.
2D-H AND typewriters sold, • rented, repaired.
Webeter Type-writing Inspsc. Co., 508 Market.
VIA VI.
MOTHERS' and daughters', home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
OIVTDEWD 2TOTICE3.
A MONTHLY dividend of 6 cents per share on
the preferred capital stock of the United
Milk Company has been declared, now par-
able at tbe office of the company at 524
Montgomery st.. B. F. Regular monthly
dividends will be paid ln future.
PBOPOSAXiS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office cf In-
dian Affairs, Washington, D. C, July 13,
1904. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleaeed segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be«opened by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his office,
ln Washington, at dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAleeter Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p, m. (Eastern
time), Monday, October 3, 1904; for tracts
ln the Wllburton-Stlgler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 6. 1904; for tracts in the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, February 6. 1905;
for tracts ln the McCurtain-Massey District
(No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time)
Monday. April 3. 1905; for tracts ln the Le-
hlgh-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday, June 5 1005;
and for tract* In District No. 6 (unleased
rfgregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7, 1905.
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17, 1904. governing the sale of the un-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee. Indian Territory. ''¦
Eid6 must b» on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of the
amount of the. bid must accompany the bid
The lands will be t-old for cash, and success- 1
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited I
by him as an evidence of good faith will be
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chlckasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
•will contain a clause "subject, however to
existing rights of way for railroads." A*. C. I
TONNER, Acting Commissioner. Depart- ;
ment of the Interior, Washington. D C '
July 13. 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN*
Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be receive at the Bureau \
cf Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department i
"Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. Au- I
jruBt 1«, 1004. and publicly opened Imme- I
diatftly thereafter, to furnish at the navy i
yards. Mare Island. Cal.. and Puget Sound.
"Wash., as specified, a quantity of sand, fire
brick, snavel. broken stone, lime, red brick,
iron nuts, hinges, nails, screw*, chain blocks,
locks, chain, brass wire, blacksmith's forge,
miscellaneous hardware and handtools, red-
wood. Oregon pine, sugar pine, laths, sheet !
brass, brass rod. pig iron, scrap iron. Amer- '
lean and Norway bar iron, sheet zinc, bar I
cteel. galvanized sheet steel, stetl shafting, !
steam hose, wash-deck hose, garden hose, 1
pure sheet mim, packinss, turpentine, 5perm j
oil. lubricating oils, cylinder oil. petrolatum,
•white z'no. vermilion, paints, whiting, putty !
brown glue, gasoline, chemicals, bibb cocks
gauge glasses, hydraulic pipe, dry battery
cf>lls. shipping ras«s and cans, hair brushes",
cteel-wlre brushes, buffs, felt wheels, etc.,
and foundry facings. Blank proposals will be
furnished mwn application to the navy pay
offices. Ka*- Francisco, Cal., and Seattle
"Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. S. N.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon Au-
rust 23. 1304, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnleh at the navy
yards. Mare Uland, Cal.. and Puret Sound.
Wash., as specified, a quantity of machine
tools, etc.. comprising lathes, grinders, grlnd-
Ftonts, drill presse, drills, saws, planers, cut-
ters, riveters, punches, retoothlng machine
hair-plcklng machine, centering machine, saw
stretcher, sandpapering machine, box-press-
ing machine, screw machine, electric motors
rleam hammer, mw filing outfit, electric glue'
heater, soda kettle, drill press vises, metal
separator, foundry rumble, scales, oven fur-
nace, taps, gauges, vines, etc. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay offices, San Francisco. Cal and
Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Paymas-
tcr General, U. S. N.
STUTTERING AOTJ STAMMEEI3IO,
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. : private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2G26 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tbe following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Roscoe. F. Harrington. 23. Vallclo, and Fan-
nie G. Mead. 28, Vallejo.
Peter Guretich, 21. 120 Green street, and
Rosie M. Dagnino. 20. 573 Chestnut street.
Auguste F. Pasquet. 38, city, and Catherine
Smith. 26. city.
G*orge Nixon. 24. 156 Third street, and
Grace E. Marlowe. 23. 1C6 Third street.
Fred F. Baclgalupl. 25. 528 Filbert street,
and Norma D. Baclgalupi. 24, 1610 Stockton st.
Eugene Sweeney. 26 52 Hancock street, and
Lizzie Sullivan. 22, T.G Hancock street.
John Carroll. 40. Bakersfield, and Nellie
Larned. 23. 861 Howard street,
John Milsner. 33. SOO Francisco street, and
Sophie M. D. Kuhlmann, 28 ' 157» Ninth ave.
Corino ¦ Gaspardone. 25. 428 Vallejo street,
and Tresa Becchio. 22. 519^4 Greenwich street.
William J. Laib, 33. 1C71 Post street and
Mabel G. Fleming. 27. 3 Belcher court.
William D. Van Brunt, 38. 1148 Sutter
street, and Louise G. Vcnnekohl. 25. 1582 Post
James F. Coakley. 25, 035% Howard street)
; and Margaret G. KlndTgan. 20. 245^ Perry.
EIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once ln this column
free of charge.
BORX.
ANDERSEN— In this city. July 26, 1901. to
the wife of N. Andersen a son. .
EDWARDS— In tl.U city. July 24, 1904. to the
wife of Ray Edwards, a eon,
EHRINGER— In this city. July 22 1904 to
the wife of William F. Ehrlngcr. a son.
GUNTHER— In this city. May 21. 1004. to the
wife of E. W. Gunther, a daughter.
HACKETT— In this city. July 19 1904, to the
wife of Robert G. Hackfctt, a son.
HAUB— In Novato. July 22, 1904, to the wife
of Fred C. Haub. a son.
HULT — In this city July 25 1004, to the
wife of O. Hult. a eon.
MACURDA— In this city. July 25 1904, t« the
wife 'of A. A. Macunia, a son.
MANGELS — In this city July 7, 1904, to the
wife of C. D. Mangels, a daughter.
NYE— In this city. July 20, 1904, to the wife
of Harry E. Nye. a eon-
BOOKS rOB^HOJTJSEXEEJPOTCK^^
CRAG BURN <The). 1007 Larkln cor. Post —
Rooms. Elngle, en suite, housekeeping.
FIFTH *t., .T33 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms. 512 SO; no children: single $3.
FOL.SOM. 754 — Furnished housekeeping room
In exchange for 2 hours" work.
FOLSOM. SCO— Furnished front room with
6tove. fT; also others for housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Housekeeping roome. also
einsle roome. . ¦¦ -^ -V '.:-.--• . :
FVRNISUnn sunny tuitw; all complete for
houf=ekoppinjr: gas. bath, phone: quiet end
pleasant home; near Park and City Hall; $15
up. St. Jamtf, McAllister and Laguna sts.
HAIGHT. 222—3 r.leely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple: phone; call 1-4. 7-9 p. m.
HARRISON. 733— Three rooms furnished tor
houa -keeping; large yard: rent >13.
HARRISON. 74?— Houseke*ping room. J7; gae.
laundry: 2 furnished rooms. $5 and >7.
HOFK ave.. 31 — 2 nice runny furnished house-
keeping rooms, front and back parlor.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1310 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room puits: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rates ress.
LARK IN. S19H — Larg* sunny front room;
light housekeeping If desired; reasonable.
LIBTART bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
tree. — Suites and sunny unlur. room*; reas.
MI5S1ON. PlGVi — Housekeeping suites and sln-
gle roorng; suncy.
OAK. 117. 53S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
fb to »12: fan range, hot bath; adults.
OAK 4C7 — $4 month; bath; sunny and cleaa.
gpe Sundays or 6 p. m. week days.
PAGE. 22S— In a modern flat; newly furnished
perlor *uit*: brass be<i: everything up-to-
dsttc: use cf kitchen, dining-room, bath and
phone: v»ry small family; very reasonable
to iho right pans.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 2 furnished boose-
Urtpjns rooms; $11. $13. $14; no children;
phene.
J»OLK. 612— $14: large back room, small
kitchen: ras etove; bath;call forenoon . -phone.
CACRAMENTO.14S3— 8 nicely fur.nns. -.front"*
back parlors, kitchen: gns eto\-«*. bath, phone.
SECOND. 424 — Two nice large rooms fur-
jl!shed for housekeeping.
SEVENTH. ' Bty-window hoosekeeplnc
Toorr.r
SEVENTH. 436 — 4 runny housekeeplcg rooms.
SIXTEENTH! 3R74. nr. Market— Large unfurT
rm. ; running water; suitable for housekpr.g-
THE Virginia. IOCS Powell st.— Complete for
hskpg.: furn. orunfura. apartments; bay win-
der.-, marine view, bath, range. Phone R«d 693
'•T1TE: APOLLO." 628 Eddy— 2 and 8 r. suites;
private bath, electric lights; $23 to $40.
TURK, 1147 — Elegant new unfurnished rooms;
sunny; xlect location. Apply 10 to 4.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished bousekeep-
Ing 2 and 3 room suites; $10. $16. $20.
VAJ." NEf S.ave.. 1419 — Sunny front suite with
u*e of bath., choc*, etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions reo-lved at
€all branch office. cor.Duncan and Church ets.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b*en
or-T.-d at 1008 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
<~>^n until 11 p. m.
AJABTMXirT HOUSES.
THE STEIRLIN. ™™ -—
Hay*>s et.. bet. Flllmore and Steiner.
Kipgant unfurnished apartment of 4 rooms
pn<i bath; up to 'date in every detail; rent
?-> :*)¦
£T. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson et.— Modern S-4-3
mowf: furn. or unfcrn. : refs. Tel. East 1330.
BOOKS TO LET — Furn. and TTnfura.
A— BRUXSWICX House, 14S SlxthTet^Roomi
»c to $1 per Sight. Si 3 to }5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte',* 1 $73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth 6t.)— Rcoirs. 25c, 50c, $1. $1 B0 night;.
fl 50 to $10 week; house open all night. j
AVERT. 29. off Geary, near Fillrnore — Sunny
parlor in new flat, $S.
BURNETT, 1426 Market told No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lshed rooms, suite, tir.Jle; also unfurnished.
BU^ll. 6C3— Parlor suite with running water;
n-nt. single if desired. '
IiKVISADERO. 1317 — Nice sunny furnished
room.
ELEVENTH, 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished: running water; references.
ELLIS. €2— Furnished rooms.
ELLIOTT PARK. ft. nr. G«ary and Eteiner—
Furn-uniurn, 1 or 2 rooms. $6 to $10.
F1LLMORE. 1021— Nicely .furnished sunny
doutile rooms; rent rtasanable.
FRANKLIN. t£l. near O. G. ave.. — Sonny fur-
cighed/ront rooms; all conveniences; 511&J12.
UKARV, 141S— Nicely furnished front rooms;
pleasant hcrae.
GXAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night: $1 M to $6 »k. ; readlng-rp.
GRANT ate.. 7 — Nirely furnished front suite,
also single front rooms: 52 Z>0 up; quiet.
HtiWARD*. 715 — Large cunny rooms at low
rsjtet; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 week,
MARKET. 7K3*£— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1>I»S — Furnished rooms.
ItaRKET. 1043A.The Falaouth— Sunny rooms;
J hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
M'ALLISTER. 797 — Eunr.y suit parlors, with
©• without kitchen; couple or two, three
•g»nts; single room.
MINNA. 6SS — Large tunny front room for
•ret*.
MISSION, 1005 — Nice, sunny single room for
»!?•» p« week.
•yATO'-TA. 2»4 — Sunny front room to let.
OCTAVfA. 420 — 3 nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemej, preferred; running water, gas; con-
.venien^.
P^'K. *£T. near Powell— Large sunny fur-
lushfed rm; running water; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
ri^ E ,- i 7 ,^ 1 — Ent * rly new: 8 l n K'e or en suite;
°^»>rable location; every convenience.
PCgT. 845— Room and board fcr one or two.
JtOTAL House. I2C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
rtaalng-room. emcklng-room and ladies* par-
k*; rooms per night, S3* to $1 50; week, $3
to $S; month. $8 to 530: elevator on ground
floor: roorns with hot and cold water; baths.
SANSOMEJ 625— Furnished rooms to let.
EHIPLET| 20 — Two rooms ln rear. . ¦'.¦ •' ¦'¦'.
E1XTH. 2^5U — Four unfurnished rooms to let:
no chitdren.
EIXTH^ 24O>» — St. Johns; pleasant front fur-
n'.&hefj room*; central location; most reas. i
SIXTEENTH. SOgS. b-t. Mission and Valencia
— O£e cr two sunny bay window furnished I
. 'cqfas; new flat; private family. j
HTEJixeR. 1315C. between Eddy and Ellis—
¦¦ frreft rooms to let.
FTSJVENSON. C36— Sunny furnished room for
ttro gentlemen.
STfKTKTON, <1 and" 45— Nicely furnished eun-
nfy roltes; also r Ingle front rooms.
SETTER. 117 — Furnished or untarnished
(rtxtBOM. with cr n-Hhout housekeeping; also
/rooms with board: full particulars. No
/ charges. Room Renting Advertisers.
SUTTER. 1IC5 — Large front bay-window room
t 2 closets, running water; light; house k.; $13.
TAYLOR, M5B — Handsome, sunny alcove suite
piano. $13; large sunny room, suitable 2. $1»!
THIS LARCHMONT. 3C1 Butter, near Grant
ave — Elegantly furnished rooms: hot and
cold water; baths Tree; $3 to 16 per week;
tl to $1 SO pcrda:';electrie elevator or tights.
THIRD. St — Furnished rooms to let,
TO let — Large furnished front room ln private
family. Call 560 Sixth st.
TURK. 236 — One large front sunny alcove
itKim; Dartly furnished: gas*; bath.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
!-oom«. 33c to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights <no gar), running water ln every
room; t leva tor, road. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
JTos-1 conx'enlent and respectable; 7CO rooms*
25c to $! 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
Hcuse. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13c
t« tl per night and from 90c to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tbe Call for the reception
cf a4vertliteR»?its and subscriptions ha* been '
opened at 1Q0S Market «.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOM BSimirQ AQElfCT.
WE rent your rooms: hundreds of roomers call-
ing daily; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
tec Advertisers. 117 Sutter Bt.. phone Clay 090.
STATEMENT STA T EME!N?
exflTFMFNT -op THE-
¦?•; -OF THE- &I f\-i C ' /TlC ' 11 a CONDITION* ANT> AFFAIRS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS —° T raE — —OF THE— " .
-OF THE- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS IJ A MniT"!?^ 17TI>T7
; Aachen and Munich Fire Agphpn anf i Mnnirh Fire insurance company
IWQIIPANPC PnMDAMY AdullBII ullU IflUlllbll- ¦ 110 Qr new tork. in the state .of
INSURANCE COMPANY ,..«„„« unr nnunmv AD'm^iV^ 31^^' 0 ;^ 81 '"-
i o . Is v* ounu*. «««* INSURANCE COMPANY i&%3gEgg»Sss?S
• to the Insurance Commis.ioner of the State of U the 3 lst day of December. A. V. 1003. and b y the con^Usloner- furnished
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec- f t _ endlne on that day as made to r .;._. T
tlons 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con- " r , year eD ™ u * on inai °^. CAPITAL,
densed as per blank furnished by the Commls- the Insurance Commissioner of the Stat« iw Ajnount of capital Stock, paid U p
eioner: California, pursuant to the prorislons or »«c- ln Cash $100000000
CAPITAIj. tlons 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con- ASSETS.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up densed as per blank furnished br the Commla- r^j Estate owned by Company... $602.9S3 S4
ln Cash $450,00000 8 j 0 rier: Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3 500*00
ASSETS • * * ASSETS Ca8h Market v * !uo of all Stocks
Real Estate owned by Companr... W.2MW Cash M.rket Value of an Stock. ,f 7 - * "^ 3
cEh'warkrt vs.". Mr'lr'ock. ' ' and »»* owned »' Company.. $838. «1 M cHh In BanlS. .".. ."....i" ll": j^ M
-^nd^d?ow^edVco*mpi^!a.828.0I6 48 Cash In Company-. Office 215 2S mtere.t due «d accrued on a.l "~" ?'
Cash In Company's Office... ...... 10.718 23 Cash ln Banks 123.266 6O Stocks and Loans ... =0.3S5 7*
! Cash in Banks 424.858 01 Premiums ln due Course of Collec- Mo"t««, ¦«'«*» ° n **>"<*»
ta Mor^a d K T 9 «fd^t C ™k. dOnBOn<U> 41.27606 tl0n j^^T!ul' C^ e ' or6o{x^. "^
P^m^ms^nd^eCo^VfCollec: 41 * 278^ BHU r^elvable. not Matured, taken tlon . . . .__ 400.^7.
t i on .. 90440047 for Fire and Marine Risks I.J78 88 Rents due and accrued 436 0)
. ' ___^_ Due. from other Companies for R# - .
Total Assets »6.72S,984 34 Total Assets $1,127.132 81 Insurance on losses already pal3. 13.838 IT
'"LIABILITIES. r LIABrLITrJCS. ~ Total As-ets. ......W.104.110 0T
Loeses adjusted and unpaid. .") Losses adjusted and unpaid $9.788 07 LIABILITIES. ™
e ?n In « u «£n* s ? AajusUBOnt y i9 - n - M Losses in nroceM of Adjustment or Lows adjusted and unpaid $T8 tM3 M
l^ E «resls?ed including wenUs! ln Suspense 63.82S 84 Losses ln process of Adjustment
toST "rimtuma 01 TVlT R?.k. I~.e. resisted. Ineludln, expen.ee. 7.209 73 «• tn ' 'ii^'S
running one year or less and Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- 9I * - "Si^ 32 « 2M .* 8
m ?n^r h an n C e 0 rro T rata' 3 ' 060 - 268 "' 2 828 74« 00 nln * °™ ~* r W le "' * 893 ' 80T M: ™»V 55 "^"JWi •?£
Ca7hdT™dend['7em^nin"«; unpaid.": '^af 60 reinsurance 80 per cent ._ S44.KB «8 ?oe 11; reinsurance BO p*r cent^. $1.037. 063 08
Return pVemfums^nd Reinsurance ' Cross Premium, on Fire Risk, run- Qro-s premiums .on Fir. Risk, run-
Premiums unpaid 217.159 93 nlnr more than one year. $462.- $S'~?m? J^uran^. nro rat! '" 1 ran «m 1 1
Pension Fund and Public Utility 163 89: reinsurance pro rata.... 260.874 U r M Jl^.^; "IZF^EZFJZrFLZ^^^ 3 *
Fund and all other liabilities... 452.99999 Comral8 , loa8 « Bd Broker... ft» !^.! . .*?? «U*r«.
Total UablMUes $3,496.834 48 and to become *» 88,973 90 All other Liabilities ¦.. iO.lM.24
— All other liabilities....... .......... 170 30 — -
r Total Liabilities S3. 473.8*2 M
INCOME . • —^—^.^^ —
Net eash actually received for Fire Tot * 1 U»blllUe. .£ 725.745 70 ;. % - jncomU. \ '
premiums 2.996.S29 60 T «ff<-v»nrn» Net ca*h actually received for Fire
Received for interest on Bond»l INCOME. premiums • .$2,911,137 64
and Mortrasee I Net cash actuarJy received for Tin . Received for Interest on Bond* and
Received for interest and dtvl- J- 163.735 66 premiums $531.543 57 Mortgages #78 00
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, j Received for Interest and dividends Received for interest and dividend*
H^eT7or^en 0t U he r..T7^;.V. i [ 25.815 « \ « Bonds. Stock. I_, sn d 1^ H*ti T*
Interest on Finsion and Fublla from all other sources 29.609 30 necelved for Rents........ -.^*.... 23 CAS 14
Utility Funds 14,663 93 Received from Horn* Office 5.485 00 ¦
Total Income ,$3,057,733 37
Total Income .$3,199.544 68 TotJ j Income $918.83387 ' •_— «™— .». " ==5===»
— = " XlXFTSWi 1 'BUBS .
EXPENDITURES. -^i-,^— -r»— Net aiwmnt paid for Fire Lost* . .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. $1,436, 431 44 EXPENDITURES. (including $265.376 84. losses of
Dividends to Stockholders 874.350 00 Net amount paid for Fire Losses previous years) I..W.2M.S14 T3
. Paid or allowed for Commission or (including $60 673 73. losses of Dividends to Stockholder*. ......... lOOUOOO OO
Brokerage 815,569 63 previous years) $467,632 M Paid or allowed for Coznmtsaton e*
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other . Paid or allowed for Commission or Brokerage 837,898a
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 828.024 65 Brokerrtge 183.848 87 Paid for Salaries, Fee*, aad otiter
Paid for State, National, and Local Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other charges for officers, elerka, etc... 214.044 27
taxes 29,959 03 charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 80.994 64 Pali for State. National and Local • . '
All other payments and expendl- Paid for State. National, and Local taxes 70.28T 1»
tures 110,326 71 taxes 23,918 20 All other payments' and expendl-
— All other payments and expendl- tures 280.38S2S
Total Expenditures $2.794.661 48 tures 70,193 20 .
=¦ Total Expenditures. ......'~~.. $2.4«>.8S7 O3
Klre. T 01 * 1 Expenditures „..$ 826,508 27 • - = — .
LOSSES Incurred during the year. .$1,585,306 79 , = • Firs.
ZT-r — „. T^-...~~~i^I~^v- — i££h,T£ Ire. LOSSES Incurred dnrrar tie year. .11.818.81* t3
Riband Premiums. Fire Risk,. Premiums. LOSSES Incurred during the year. .. .$469,016 79 ft m^'
Net amount of Risks Risks and PremlumsL Fire Risks. Premiums. ¦
written during the ¦ Net amount of Risks . '
year $2,801,187,619 $5,414,121 52 Net amount of Risks written during the
Net amount of Risks . written during the! "year $433. 670.839 60 $4,233,748 85
Expired during the >?*r . . 4. | $88,322,958 $1,210,246 06 Net amount of Risks .•
year 2,635,851.149 6,154,679 97 Ket amount of Risks expired during the
Net amount In force expired during the year 338.419.274; O 8.549,023 75
December 31. 1903. l,62S.108,430 8.060,266 85 year 72.531.178 1.048,20094 Net amount in force
t.^x. ¦„ _/¦¦ — i: — Ket amount ln force December 31. 1903 405.070.974 94f 3,935.129 72
ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. President. Tw.*mh«r 81 1003 miimsk ti«M»H - - ¦ ¦ ¦
FRITZ SCHRODER. General Manager. December 81. 1803.1 W.loajHB 1.155.970 25 CHARLES A. SHAW. PreaWrot.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12th J. A. KELSET. United States Manager. JOSEPH McCORD. Secretary,
day of April, 1004. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23t»
FRANKLIN BRUMDAGE. day of January. 1004. «ay of January. 1904. C. F. SHAW.
U. S. Consul at Alx la Chapelle, Germany. C. M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public Commissioner, of Deeds in New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT 423 CALIFORNIA STREET
. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
MABTiNKASC^^a - CESAR BERTHEAU. Manager.
ous MESsnraEB. f City Asrcnta. ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
DIED.
Ackerman, Capt. C. McCarty. Margaret
Ansel. Harriet ' McNulty. Thomas
Blekstad. Carl Mackenzie, Malcolm
Brouquet. Jean * Mattern, Herman J-
Carroll. Robert Merritt, Ambrose
Champreux. Earmst Mllsner. A'dolph
Cronin, Mary J. Mullin: Jamea
Duffy. Hanna Noonan. Mary
Fraser. Dr. S. J. Quinn John F.
Haight. Harrison Wagner. William
Hooper, William P. Wallace, Mrs. Mary
Jennings, Charles A. Well. Bertha
ACKERMAN— In this city. July 25. 1904.
Captain Charles Ackerman. husband of Agnes
Ackerman. a native of Germany, aged \ 38
years 6 months and 22 days. A member of
California Harbor No. 15.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street.
whero eervices will be held under the aus-
pices of California Harbor No. 15. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
funeral car Trom Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
ANGEL— In Requa, Del Norte County, July
21. 1904. Harriet Angel, beloved mother of
Lewis S. Angel. Mrs. E. A. Cunningham.
William J. and Annie B. Angel, a. nativo of
New York, aged 73 years.
BLEKSTAD— In the City and County Hospital.
26, 1904, Carl Blekstad, a native of
Norway, aped 42 years.
BROUQUET— In this city. July 24, 1904. Jean
Brouquei. dearly beloved father of Mrs. A.
Casttx and Marie Brouquet. a uattve of
Basses, Pyrenees. France, aged OS years II
months and 29 days.
E7"Friend8 a.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of K. Castagnetto & Co., 643-645 Vallejo
street, thence to French Church, where serv-
ices will bo held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CARROLL— In thin city. July 24. 1904. Robert
Carroll, beloved father of Mrs. P. J. Busch
and Margaret Carroll, a native of Ireland,
aged 46 years. A member of Stablemen's
Union No. 8760.
E7 Friends acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
' lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where serv-
ices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
Halv Cross Cemetery. >
CHAMPREUX— In Oakland, July 26. 1004.
Earnest Henry, beloved son of Gustave and
Matilda Champreux. and brother of Emlle
and Walter Champreux, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 11 years.
CRONIN— In this city. July 26, 1904. Mary J..
beloved wife of Daniel Cronin. daughter of
John and Ellen Curtis of San I^eandro, and
sister of Annie, Nellie. Katie. Sallie and
William Curtis, a native of San Leandro.
(C7 - Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her lat«
residence. 448 Parhs street, between Prussia
and Russia, thence to St. John's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be oele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
DUFFY— In Oakland. July 25. 1904. Hanna
Duffy, beloved wife of the late Thomas M.
Duffy, beloved mother of Mrs. Lizzie M.
Myers, Miss Kate and J. E. Duffy, grand-
mother of Elvira Lillian Myers (nee Duffy),
and sister of Mrs. Mary Ackermau of Sac-
ronento, Cal.. and the jate Mrs. O. Wallace, ;
a native of County Clare, Ireland.
C7" Funeral Vvednesday. July 27. 1904. at ;
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 826 Mag-
nolia street. Interment private.
FRASER— In this city, July 26. 1304, Dr. S. J.
Fraser. beloved husband of Catherine- Fraser,
and father of Donald J. Fraser a native of
Prince. Edward Island, aged 37 years 2
months and 15 days.
(CJ'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HAIGHT — In this city July 25, 1904. Harrison
Haight. a native of Buffalo N. 1\, aged 77
years.
HOOPER— In this city, July 23. 1904. William
P. Hooper, beloved husband of Nancy Hoop-
er, and father of Mrs. J. F. Pierce, T. E.,
C. C. and W. W. Hooper, a native of Eng-
land, aged 74 yeare and 12 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday) at the cemetery.
Will leave San Francisco on the 9 a. m.
creek boat. Remains at the mortuary chapel
of James Hagan & Co.. 49-51 Duboce ave-
nue (formerly Thirteenth street), near Va-
Knria. Interment Evergreen Cemetery. Ala-
meda Co.. Cal.
JENNINGS— In this city. July 25. 1904, Charles
Augustus, dearly beloved eon of William
and Theresa Jennings, and brother of Wil-
Uam Francis Jennings, a native of San
Francisco, aged lio years and 5 months.
ETKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. &42 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrate for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
MeCARTY— In this city. July 25, 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James McCarty,
dearly beloved mother of James. William,
John. Margaret and George McCarty and
Mrs. John Donahue, and sister of Mrs. Mary
McSheehy. a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 61 years.
E7"Frlenda and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
Wednesday, at 9 a. in.. , from her late resi-
dence. 1907 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church, corner of Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where, commencing at 9:30
a. in., a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of, her soul. In-
trrment strictly private.
McXULTT— In this city. July 26. 1904. at his
residence, ZZXl Seventeenth street, Thomas,
beloved husband of Annie McNulty, and
father of James. Thomas and Annie Mc-
Nulty and Mrs. G. Reeves, a native of New-
ton Stewart. County Tyrone. Ireland.
MACKENZIE — In San Rafael. July 26. 1904,
Malcolm Colin, son of Mrs. F. F. Mackenzie
and the late W. M. Mackenzie, a native of
British Columbia, aged 25 years 1 month and
S days.
IC Notice of funeral hereafter.
MATTERN— In this city, July 28. 1004, at his
residence. 8 John street, off Powell, between
Jackson and Pacific. Herman J.. beloved
husband of Katherlna Mattern. and father
of Earnest O.. George A.. Frank II., Henry
J. and Emma A. Mattern, Mrs. Charles
Squires and Mrs. Merle Lowry. a native of
Germany, aged 71 years 6 months and 14
days. (Oakland and San Jose papers please
copy.)
E^FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, July 29. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.. at St.
Paul's German Methodist Episcopal Church.
Broadway, between Stockton and Powell
Btreets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage.
MERRITT— In this city. July 28. 1904, Am-
brose Merrltt. a native of Massachusetts,
aged 77 years 8 mortths and 10 days.
MILSNER — In this city. July 26. 1904, Adolpb.
beloved husband of Rose Milsner, and
father of John. Eva, Ruby, Annie, Pearl and
Grace Mllsner, Mrs. D. 1. Wyatt and Mrs.
H. Abrams, a native of Krakau. Austria,
aged 54 years and 10 months.
MULLIN — In thi3 city, July 25. 1004. James
Mullin. a native of Ireland, aged 34 years.
tcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hi* soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from "Third and Townsend streets.
NOONAN — In this city. July 25. 1904, Mary,
beloved wife of Jeremiah Noonan, dearly be-
loved mother of Johp, Catherine and Marian
Noonan. and sister of Mrs. R. Cuff and Tim-
othy Duane, a native of Ireland, aged 53
years. (Napa. Cal.. papers please copy.)
• icyFrlen'is ara acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. 654 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the rrpose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . i
QUINN— In this city. July 24. lS04,.John F.
Quinn. brother of. Matilda Quinn and the
late Mrs. John McFaddln, a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aped 6<i years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 p. m., from the!
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226
McAllister street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by electrlo car leaving Eighteenth
and Guerrera etreetn at 1:15 p. m.
WAGNER— In Oakland. July 23. 1904, William,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Wagner, and
father lof Charles F. and William S. Wag-
ner. Mrs. George P. W. Stark and Mrs.
Henry Hufschmldt, a native of Germany,
aged 73, years 10 months and 14 days.
IP^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to atiend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock. , at his
late residence. 8C9 Campbell street, Oakland.
Interment at_Cypr'ss Lawn Cemetery, San
HENRY J. CAVLACH<£3.''CO.
(Successors to FIftnnagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSRS.
20 Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South^80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmers .
Formerly ln Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 868 MISSION. Tel. \ South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen. I
jam us McGinn & co.. , I
Formerly With McGinn Bros. I
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers— - I
214 Eddy_st.;_Tel. South 576. •'":>
Kateo County, by electrlo funeral car from
Terry building, San Francisco, at 12:40 p. m.
WALLACE— In this city July 25, 1904, Mrs.
Mary Wallace, beloved mother of William
E. Wallace, a native of Carrigtohtll. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 82 years. (Boston papers
please copy.)
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
re&idence. 652 Natoma street, thence to St.
„ Joseph s Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Osess Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
WEIf^—In Denver. Colo . July 23 1904. Ber-
tha daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bernhard
Well of Modesto, Cal., and sister of Mabel.
Charles. Jacob and Julius Well, a native 'of
Modesto. Cal. (Modesto, Cal., papers please
copy.)
' CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday) at 2 p. m.. at the
residence- of Mr. Joseph Well, 1814 Pine
street;' Interment Home of Peace Cemetery
by S:SO p. m. train from Third and Towns-
tnd streets.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friends for
their beautiful floral offerings, kindness an«r
sympathy in our late bereavement, the loss ,
of a dear husband and father, Pletro Siml. i
MRS. P. SIMI H. SIMt. MRS. C. A. i
KRONE. MRS. p. F PINNELLA. MRS. O.
R. STILES ' >The weekly report Of A. G. MeAdle. section
tf:re«or cf the climate and crop service of the
V.Vatfc- r Bureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Tfc* weather was n-.uch wanner than during
t. w e preceding week and light winds prevailed
It: the interier. Test were frequent In tne
<¦ *st districts and light sj-riskles o£ raia fea
la *crae «»cticr.s.
<irai£ harvesting and thrashing costisue,
« .til £ v sricra!!y unsatisfactory results in nearly
• :¦ pczts of the a-tate. Wheat, oats and bar
s' are Jar below tfc* average is yield and
C--i!:tv, po€s:t.lr excepting a penion of the
; •"U'Jw-rs ccass. diatricta. The hay crop is un
csually heivy tn ail etrctiens except the south.
sad eta hay is C f better quality than that of
¦ 1?*\ stascn: baling and earing are is progress.
H«tM are making steady improvement -and will
yield as average crop. Sugar beet.
- !3. the s-atta Maria district are yjeld;sg a. large
cr?p. cxotUect in quality. Beass. corn and
•"Potables were bes<-£:t.*J by the warm weather
«r.d *re looking thrifty. Grain and hay ehip
far-fsts are being made. Pasturage is scarce.
O:a;*s r. „ .- rapii growth during the warm
er weather anl tre cow is first-class ccsdt
f tica, w-.th prospects cf the largest yieii fir eev
*.-J year*. Deciduous fruits are generally dls
appc:r:t-:ng Is ricid. but the quality of most
itneucs M reported about average. Figs and
TaSBOBdS are thrifty.- Citrus fruits are doing
tw^ll in ail sections asd the cut!<y:k is good
Z :r a heavy crrp cf orange* at Porterville.
SACltASlENTO VALLEY.— Warm weather
f »sd . -t: ¦winds prevailed during the week.
1 Xj-ain fcarverUrig acd thrashing progressed rap
id.y and harvest is ccmj,leted tn socne placts.
The gratr crcp Is the ltchte«t for several
years and the quality belcw " standard. Hay
_ r^» v«c;dtd a large crr-p. excellent is quality:
t tai.*^ and sioring are In progress. The hot
weather has bees beneficial t;> hope, which
l '*re new 1- first-cia«s cos4it:cs asd give prom
ts* 'f a large y'e'.d. Graphs are caking rar-id
, 5-roiCr^fs ar.d prospects are gaod Jcr aa us
-^sual'.v heavy crcr: the heat has caused no
t=ateriil darrage. Late Bartlett pears is Ke
v*da Cousty are reported airaort a failure, but
<-«h«T» :s a. very good crop in the valley dis
ytrtgsj and large Fhipssents are being made.
Trvncs are light Is eoise sections and fa:r in
©•.h*™. Peaches, apples asd apriccts are light
ta aa sections. Figs asfi cra=ge» are develop
ing «tiFfa=tori!y and larjre crrjs are expected. '
OOiST AXO BAY SECTION i.— The weather
»-a» O2«:d«T»fcty warn:er thas daring the pre-
I »<T1IW w*ek asd beneficial to all crops. L:?ht
raia t-U m the central and northera secticss.
but caaed r.o damage. Grais harvesting and
fcay '... rj are frcffresEisg. There is a fair
cr p a wheat, cats and barley In most places,
*nd a heavy crcp el hay in nearly all sec
tions. Cora, hops and beass are tsaktng rapid
trewtl and will yitid about the average crops.
Graphs were improved by the wans weather
ar.d ts advasci^g rapidly, with indications of
a is.rg< yieia. Tie deeiiucu* frsit crcp is gen
f^i'.y ..*t ; ; :;r::r_ r. though lair crcps cf pears,
ftusje, prunes, ajsriccts and reaches are being
g vJjend in soiae sections. Fi«s are ripening
nptijT, Cloverdale cranges are in good cocd'.r
t:t. AZnicsfis ard walnuts give prcsiise of
larje crcj«.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Clear and cocl
*iea.ta«r rre^a"*^ during the Erst part cf the
¦week asi partly clyaij. sultry weather the
latter. Harvesting and thrashing grain con
tinue Ss all districts. The hay crop is about
•11 c=u v.l baling ccntisues; the crcp is a
*/jo£ average. T^s deciduous fruit crop is rip
*n:r.ic rariily and driers and canneries ar«
in full creraticn. In Tulare the crop is very
heavy- Large ehlFsaents of peachee, Bartlett
• - ; * and ff*""f arc being made to local and
E»K«m market*. TVatermelocs are piestllul
and are being stuped freely. The prune crop
•= f »i. Graj«s art making good prcgreas and
*• iarge crcp will be harvested. Some ear'y
table gr»r»s are t-tir.g s^arkc-tod. TT.e first cf
tS-e crcp cf new peaches is going to the pack-
: -g-Eo-_ses. Citru* rruita ar» making rood rrog
r»«s and a larg- orange crcp will be harvested
in the Porterv;I> tectlon. Water is gettisg
lew. Src^-k *re Is good coniit'en asd healthy.
. SOCTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Weather condl
tiens fi-arlr-g tie wetk were r.earty normal asd
g»r:*ra::y favcrable fcr crc;>s. Grain thrashis*
c-trt'.n-a**; tht rrri> is wae places is reported
fair ar.d ii others almost a failure. Beass
'"• hlnwsr,«-ilrj» *n-i lock thrirty. Sugar beets
t: Str.ta Mgria are yi^Utir.g a' large crop.
ezceUeat la quality. Aprirots are light and oC
«-.'.».:: tie. Walnst* leek w«m in f>rchards
where water h p>ntifu! aad will probatly yield
Dearly in cver^ge crop. Melons are srsall, but
** g"<4 <;utr;tr- Graphs are in excetlest ccn
•xn- end give tnd:<a.ticn» cf the largest crop
' several ><»ars. «1trus fruits ere doing well.
tsftBch tfc#r« are r»pcrts of a light yield of
rivrj rrs-.-es. .
-REKa FT.-i*MARY.— Haying is progress-
Y. th* -ritld !s large and quality «
fitent. All ~rsj* ma-5e rocd growth. C!ier
r -* wm> £»?r.m*A by ruM and there are ccrs
r*rauv*!y -r» en the market. Very wsm^s
C. S *X«a^S STVIMART.-Cm account cf
' x " 1 ;r .^ r r2;r "* :1 "* r * fc »' b**" *« unurual
r.5n ? . rTt 'i v m ' :i Sa *°™* rlac^s and get
t-r.g tcsxt # .s ciVrs. Pn-.h drytsg cnstlnoes.
Weather Report.
"-'•h HerbSaa — Pi-iS" Time >
C , ?! ** ' ra A N^- C "o- **r 2^-5 p. ra.
J^: „¦¦ -* :rs IE « i "- 1 -^ ar.4 mfabnoa tea
gS^«SeyW* d ft« rr-viou, eay from
Bai-r ~> c- 77, — rr • 1
carsca ~, £> :r -* £W Pt CidV .00
Eureka S.y -I f. V a ** r •«>
6 E Flnn*..s'f,* 'S % I'Z Clear .CO
Independence J»"iJ 5 *• E Ctou.ir .22
LpsjLscr!^...-,,^ g •» K VtCliy T.
lit Yih r t - _' Y '•• Clear .00
Nortij Hea4..^,. f ,; >>W Clear ,«0
JJ^x 2T..S2 M 55 Clear . T.
ft Rey^B U..Zi.n M. '*% f^ Clou«y .00
J2* 1 "* a..w 7? :r spr cisudy .00
K-<J B! = ? 2>.<m jj J* K ; Clear .<O
Farrarseste ..».<«« -^ Vt E %*»* .00
Pa!t Leke =».S3 Z \* % Clear ,P0
k*V F ™" C! »" -30.00 t| '* ~ Cloudy .00
e x. obi*»... 23.04 J2 %j Y
Fas Uiega st -T •* s '"Wr .(>0
5*«^> srtr-. -i VI Cloudy .«O
fpcicar.e ».74 u£ jl S~. Clear .00
&*ST*J ».0GM « ?ear .00
Jan* ¦aaU4.23.ri, M ; gg ci^^y .01
raaeoKe, ..».«) P2 , 0 * Clear ..00
weather csvDmo^-TTsr— — —
~ foreT-act general
J=S eorthward S«a S52t2 to »» »ork
—e teisrerata-e h«^ * ,V W:^* <ia y.
***&•. Anrcca and OrVwi. tirou * 1 »<wt Call-
VEW YORK. July 26. — Cotton futures
opened barely steady. July. 10 21c; August.
H) 15c; September, offered e.62c: October
0.61c: December. O.ilSc; January. 9.59c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 10 points lower;
middling uplands. 10.70c; middling gulf.
10 95c : sales. 25 bales.
Cotton futures closed steady. August,
10 10c: September. 0.83c: Nerember. 8.56c: De-
Nezv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. July 2C.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
food, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance. 1149,932.657; gold. $44,516,642.
Condition of the Treasury.
Flour and Millstuffs.
; Aside from the rumored reduction In the rail
rate on Flour from Southwestern points to
California, mentioned yesterday, and which Is
annoying the local millers considerably, there
1% nothing new to rspcrt in these markets,
which are quiet. There Is naturally a great
deal of interest taken in the probability of
shipments of Flour from this port to the Orient
being seize.! by the Eastern belligerents, as the
export business, would ct course be affected
thereby, so the situation in Flour Is uncertain
all around.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60^
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5094 SO;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham- Flour, $350 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4^4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50#4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $*50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbts. $7 25@9 CO; In sacks. $6 754^
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 SO per 100 lbs.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 26.— CATTLE— Receipts.
20U> head; market strong; good to prime
steers, $5 40Q*i 30; poor to medium, $4 25<@
5 25; stockers and feeders, $2t?4; cows, $1 50®
4 SO; heifers, I-ft3; casner*. $1 5O@2 So;
bulls, $2Q4; calves, $2#7; Texas fed steers,
$335.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 2000; to-morrow,
COuo; marKet mostly 10c higher: mixed and
butchers'. $5 25S5 65; good to choice heavy,
$5 45C5 «>; rough -heavy, $4 7ag5 35; light.
$5 20$5 60; bulk of sales. $5 25@5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000 head: market slow;
good to choice wethers, $484 25; fair to
choice mixed, $3#4; Western sheep, $.ig4 25;
native lantbs, *4&7; Western lambs. $0©6 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. July 26.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2000; market strong to 10c higher; na
tive steers. ?i©6 25; Southern steers, $2 75®
4 ZO; Southern cows, $1 75^3 50; native cows
•nd heifers, $1 75©5; stockers asd feeders.
$2 ?.O&4 50; bullF. $2 25@3 75; calves, $2 .VK?
4 75; Western steers. $3 7505 50: Western
cows. SI 75S3 75. -
HOGS — Receipts, 4000: market 15625o
higher; bulk of sales. $5 35£5 55; heavy,
$5 43$& 60; packers, *5 4t»fc5 55; pigs, $4 500
5 SO. ;
SHEEP— Market nominally steady; muttons,
ti 23fr4 75; lambs. $466; range wethers
?3 75©4 75; ewes, $3®3 75.
I cattle; sheep axd hogs.
CHICAGO. July 26.— On the Produce Ex
change to-£*y the butter market was steady:
creameries. 13#17e: dairies, 12§ 15c. Eggs, at
mark cases Included. 14%$15c Cheese steady
at 7«iC8%e.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, July 26. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Floor, quiet and unchanged: No.
2 spring wheat. 9 s <g99c: No. 3. S.S£95e: No. 2
red, 97ft99c; No. 2 corn. 49&c: So. 2 yellow.
01 l ie; No. 2 oats. 4O810Uc: No. 3 white. SSft
41^e- No. 2 rye. 72c: good feeding barley.
3.->$as<*: fair to choice malting. 42t?50c: No. 1
flaxseed. $1 1«: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 23%;
prim., timothy seed. $2 95<g3: mess pork, per
bbl. $12 75£12 SO; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 77%9
6 80; thort ribs sides (loose). $7 25@7 37%;
ihort c>ar sides (locse). $7 2Wf7 50; whisky,
basis of hieh wines, $1 ~S: clover, contract
grade. $11 25.
Article?— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 23.300 1H.10O
Wheat bu 90.000 3S.WW
Ccm hu • 475,200 556.C0O
Oats, bu 185,600 159,600
Ry. bu UOOO
Barley, bu 2S.600 4,300
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Apricots and Figs wer« light and
there was continued firmness in these descrip
tions, while all ether kinds of deciduous fruits
were weaic with supplies far in excess of trade
requirements. Bartiett Pears continued to ar
rive freely from the river districts and fancy
wrapped stock ruled very weak at uschasged
ratw. with most dealers tryisg to force sales.
The eanners were paying $30 and occailooally
132 5O p*r tea for fine No. 1 and 50c per box
for the best No. 2 in open boxes. Peaches.
Plums and Prunes ccntinue abundant, and
there was the usual pressure to sell common
stock, which formed a large percentage of the
receipts. The Apple market was still depressed
under heavy supplies asd the tcp quotation was
an extreme for the best Gravenstetss In 4-tler
boxes. Cantaloupes asd Nutmeg Melons were
easier usder more liberal offerings, whl!» Wa
termelons were steady, with extra large Melons
from Fresno commanding the usual premium.
Grapes ruled weak, as available supplies were
mostly of poor quality and sour. The top quo
tation for the Seedless variety was obtained
only for fine crated stock from Sultana. Fresno
County. Blackberries arrived freely frcm Se
bastopol again and prices ranged lower, while
the other berries showed little change and were
generally steady. Citrus fruits were in light
demand, but ample supply, and all descriptions
stood as previously quoted. Hawaiian Basasas
were offering more freely and were qucted
lower.
STRAWBERRIES— $3Q6 per chest for Lemr
worths. $4@5 for Alviso Berries and $2 50<34
for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — tfi5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2«3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@<7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 5O^«5e
In bulk. $30<f?40 per ton to eanners and 2©2%c
per lb to the trade.
APPLES— $1«|1 25 per box for fancy and
WV8S5c for common to choice; Crab Apples.
5C@3Oc for small boxes and $lfjl 23 for large
open boxes.
FEARS— Bartlett. TStfSOe fcr wrapped: la
open boxes. $30 per ton for No. 1 asd 35950c
per box for No. 2; Dearborn Seeillngs. 25^50e
per small box or basket and 75$90c for cpen
boxes.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 40660c: cpen boxes
asd carriers 508S5c; lug boxes. $161 25; bas
kets. 35e50c.
PLUMS AND PRUXE3— Plums. 4O^0c per
crate and 3O^T4Oc per small box: In bulk. $20
per ton for cannlnr varieties. Prunes, 60i375c
per crate and 35#5Ce per small box.
FIGS— $1 25©2 fcr double layer and 654r73e
for single layer boxes.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, crates from the
river. $1 5O4S2; from other sections. $l£tl 50;
Nutmeg Melons from the river. 73cQ$l per box;
Watermelons. $193 per doxen.
GRAPES— Seedless. 75«6U 23 per bcx or
crate; Fontatnebleau 50tr7oc per crate; other
varieties 75cH*l 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 5092 50 per
box for Valencia* asd $1 25S1 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25©2 75 for fancy,
$1 SOGl 75 for choice and $lffl 23 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. $161 50: Mexican Limes,
f Iff 4 50 per case; Banasas,. $1 25^2 5O per
bunch for Central American and 75cf?$i 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $15092 50 per dosea.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel hk
Call loans 2%{?.H%| Do pfd «
Time loans ...3 64%! Westing Comsics. 78
Bonds— I Mining—
Atcbison 4s lCl'v Advanture m
Do adj 4s...,*,. 94 fAHouez g
Mex Cestral 4s.;. 62 I Amal Copper f.isi
Railroads — I Amer Zinc 11
Atrhlson 77%! Atlantic 9
Do pfd 95 IBIngham 25«
Boston & Albany. 243 ICalumet 4 Hecla.475
Boston & Maine.. 1<53 I Centennial 2:S»i'
Boeton Elev 151%!Copp*r Ranare ... Mti
Fitchburg pfd 13S I Daly West 15
Mex Central OVJIDom Coal 4:1
N Y, N H * H..l?3m Franklin 7U,
Pere Marquette. .. 74 (Grawy 2%
Union Pacific S5?vlRle Rovale 10
Miscellaneous — (Mass Mining .... ?
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Michigan 4
Tn pM 75 IMobawk 4211
Amer Tneu Tube. 4U;Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Am-r Sugar 12S%!Old Dominion ... 12'i
Vm pM 123'i'Osceola fil
Amer Tel * TM.131%! Parrot 24
Araer Woolen ... I lVii Quinsy gs
Do pfd 77 If-hannns 514
Dom Iron A P... s^J! Tamarack *n
Ed EWt nrtim...24S ! Trinity su
Gen EVectric l«o ju s Mining 2l*i
Mass Electric !?%! 17 B Oil 10U
Do pfd 70 (Utah 37
Mass Gas 39%|V!ctorta 3U
United Fruit I0<S (Wlncna 7ti
I'n Shoe Mach... 49^1 Wolverine 73
Do pfd 30%| . '¦¦¦--
London Closing Stocks.
The rate of discount is the open market fcr
short bills Is 2 15-1C#3 per cent and for three
taor.ths' bills 3 per cent.
Cons money ,*..8S R-lfi'N Y Central ;.,. 121%
Do acct ...... S«*i I Nr»r & Western... Kitt
Anaconda -3%< Do pfd ru
Atchlson ......^ SO |Ont & Western... 32
Do rfd .T !)9 ; Pesnsylvania .... G3
Rait & Ohio SCH4!Rac<i Mines or;
Can Pacific 127%; Reading 27U
Ches & Ohio 34*41 Do 1st pfd 42t2
Chi Great West.. 14%! Do 2<J pfd 35«
Chi. Mil & St P. 151 I So Railway ... 24«
De B#ers l$*«l jDo pfd f>oU
Den * Wo G.... r?ii!<& Pacific ....... 53
Do pfd 74 '.Union Pacific .... •)¦**£
Er*e - *BJ4 Do rfd twn;
Do 1st rfd *2KW S Steel i*si
Do 2d pfd .".«%! Do pfd .' ra£
111 Central 140 (Wabash 17%
Loul* * Nash 120 j Do rfd 37
M. K & Texas... 18 (Branish 4s s&K
Bar silver — Firm. 26 13-16d per ouuee.
Money— 2% ©3 per cent.
A T czu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Close: Money on
call was very easy at -1 per cssi; closing bid,
**; offered at 1 per cest.
Time loans were steady; 60 days. 2Vi per
c«st; SO days, i'l,; six months. 3%@3*i per
Prime mercantile paper. Z' t 6<U per cest.
Sterling exchar.se was strong, with actual
business ia bankers' bills at $4.S770-§4.8775
tor demasd asd at $4.b564.&3IO for «> day
bills.
Posted rate, $4 SS©4 85% asd $4 SSS4 SS%.
CcssmercisLl bins. $4 64 * 4 . "
Bar silver, 5*ijc.
• Mexican dollars, 40%c
Beads — Goverssieats, steady; railraodj,
steady.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. July 2ft. — Speculative confi
dence was sensibly shaken by the action of
today's Stock market, which gave the first in
dications of urgent liquidation since the recent
rife was inaugurated. Up to tsis tin* the ac
tion ct the market has all been to chow a firm
undertone, even after the evident culmination
of the rise and the adoption of a waiting at
titude by the professional operators who had
tcllowed the advance. To-day, on the con
trary, the undertone was weak. Thus the
greater activity throughout the day was dur
ing the period of declines. On the occasional
rallies there was a quick lapee isto dullness.
Timt i* to say. buyers were steadfast in re
fraining from accepting criers except with ma
terial concessions, asd sellers -seemed disposed
to make ihc- coscessiens in order to realize on
their hcldlrgs. This served to upset the exist
ing faith of those determined to held stocks.
Itie iigateniss of loads to-day had the effect
of arcuslng a suspicion that the accumulators
were finding difficulty In distributing their
holdings to advantage. There was disappoint
ment also at the Email demand for stocks met
at the declines. Ff*cu!atlve opinion has been
very confident- that a large demand awaited a
•light reaction from the market. A retrospect
of tie common lsferenees to be drawn from
yesterday's violent rise is sterling exchange*
the jump in Londcn discount rates and the
stre^ijth of the wheat market took on a for
midable aspect to the minds of oreraters In
stocks, although the sterling market was
quieter to-day. Nevertheless. gTave fears were
felt that the Anglo-Rystlan friction might is
sue in scrie overt act of hostility that would
start an international ! conflagration in Eu
rope. A wideir-read influence was exerted
both In the wheat and etork markets by an
allertd estimate by J. J. Hill of only $560,-
OOO.oOO bushels fCr tne tctal wheat crop. A
•udder, break tn Northern Securities on the
curb proluccd the weakest period of the Stock
Exchange. Notwlthstandisg the contin
ued great ease cf mosey, an effect was
produced by the rugpested contingency of out-
KO of gold, withdrawal of Government depos
its from bar.ks and an early development of
the Interior demand for currency to move
crops. Bear raiding was as clement that
h»lped the break and was successful In nncov
ertsir etcp-lcsn crBers, while covering by shorts
made the final rally.
Bw.Ss were heavy. Total sales, par value,
fl.SlO.OOO. -
United States bonds were uncharged en call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
. Stocks — ' Sales. IHrh. Low. Close.
Atchlson 2,200 7*U 77 77%
Atchlson pfd 1.20O 9<$% 95% 99
Bait * Ohio 8,000 64% S3% 63%
Bait A OMo pfd " 94
Canadian Pacific.. . , COO 124% 123% 123%
Central cf N J ... 163
Chesap & Ohio .... 300 S3% 33U 83J4
Chi & Alton 1.S0O 41U 40% 40%
Chi & Alton pfd ..*. 79
Chi & G Western.. 1.100 14% 14% 14%
Chi A Northwests. 300 177% 177% 177%
Chi Mil & St Paul. 21,000 147 U 14SU 14C%
Chi Mil & Et P pfd 17S»4
Ctl Term & Trans. 100 6tf 6U 6U
Chi Term & T pfd. 200 14 14 14%
C C C & St Louis.. 74%
Cclo Southern .... U%
Colo South 1st pfd. .... ..... 48
Cola Sculh 2d pfd. SCO 19% 19% 19%
Del & Hudson .... SCO 160 ii 159% 1S9&
EASTERN 3IAKKETS.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.,
Wheat. No. 2—
July, old 95*i 9714 94»; 97*4
July new 94% 93*4 W4 9o*i
September, old. 89 90H SSH 90H
September. 'sew. &7H >S*i &7?» 8S%
Corn, No. 2 —
July.. 43H 49H 49\» 4914
September 49% 49% 49%. 49%
December 45^ 45; s 45&» 45- 8
Oats. No. 2 —
May 35 Z5Y k 35 35^4
July 39*4 40 3914 39^
September 33H 33H 33 33H
December S3S 33% 33% 33*
Mess pork, r-er bbl —
July 12 75 12 52*4 12 75 12 82^
September 12 70 12 62^12 65 12 S2H
October 12 70 12 S2«* 12 67% 12 82ft
Lard rer 100 lbs —
July.! « 77% 6 SO 6 77% 6 80
September « *2% 6 9O 6 S2% 6 90
October tS 90 6 97% 8 90 6 97%
Short ribs, per 10O lbs—
July 7 40
September " *^A " SO " *0 7 50
October 7 45 7 52% 7 45 7 32%
Butier, Cheese and Eggs.
The flocd of Butter continues, the arrivals
still averagisg over 1000 cases per day. Most
dealers ars making concessloss to move the
goods and others are scoring whenever they
find themselves overstocked, and the market
is soft all arousd. The great bulk cf the fine
creameries Is selling 1 from first hands at 20c,
but there Is Just about enough bringing 21c to
keep the msrket from an actual decllse.
An easier feeling is reported in Young Ameri
ca Cheese, as the recent scarcity and marked
advance In them U drawing In larger supplies
from the factcries. Flata are in ample supply,
quiet and unchanged.
Eggs are lower again. Receipts, while not
excessive, are too large for the market to ab
sorb, and as they are now being generally re
tailed at 30c the wholesale market has given
way under the pressure. The public, who eat
the Eggs, and who really fix prices when It
ccmes right down to the point, refused to stand
the recent advance, which compelled them to
pay 35c. asd curtailed their consumption,
which Is the cause of the present decllse.
Receipts were 104.PCO lbs Butter. 1461 cases
Eggs and S1CO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 2O»i21c
for extras asd 19c for firsts: dairy. 17S19c:
store Butter, 14S15c; Eastern creamery. 19H9
2Oc: Eastern ladle-packed. H81.V>,c per lb
CHEESE— 9§9^c for choice mild 'new asd
S6S&C fcr lower grades: Young Americas, 11^
lli^c; Eastern. 10fll5c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 22U«24c for fair aad 2382*:
for choice; store. 19<g21c; Eastern, 20©22HjC
for first and IS }<j919c for seconds.
Wheat and Ofher Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Continue largely nom
inal at about 17s tSd&2Cs, usual European op
tions, with no spot charterin*; reported. The
charten-d Wheat fleet in son has a registered
tonnage of 9342. against 30,410 tens en the
¦ame date last year; disengaged. S3.9C0 tons,
against TT.C'.tj; os the way to this port, 241.8C0
toss, against 294.425.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower, but
Paris futures were higher.
BroomhaH cables: "Indications of world's
whtat ctod: Europe. l.tSS.UOO.OCO bushels,
against 1.&56.000.GCO bushels last year; Araer
ica (without United States) 2W.00O.C0O. !ast
year «H>. 000,000; Asia 416.CCO.O0O bushels, last
year 332.00O.000 bushels; other countries 128.-
WO.CCO buihels. last year 12O,00O.0>jO bushels.
Total (without United States), 2.472.COO.C0O
bushels, against 2,525,000.000 bushels last
year."
Chicago was higher on the day. The wires
of Mitchell. Mulcahy Sc Co. from there said:
'•Liverpool was easier asd there were no rains
of izneorumee West or Southwest. Receipts
at primary markets were very tars»>. After an
easier opening, however, the market turned
strong, asd ruled so ustit the close. Cash
Wheat in this and the Southwest markets was
al.-o higher under a good demand. The action
of the market is. on the whole, surprising, and
considering the influences of the day it shows
a great deal of strength. We think It must be
censidered. however, that while consols are
only a sliade lower, the newspapers are filled
with war talk, and this not only frightens the
short interest, but encourages speculative buy
ing. The weekly Government report confirms
Ute complaints of rust in Iowa and in South
Dakota, but on the whole it is a favorable re
port. J. J. Hill's estimate of the Wfieat crop
at being 100,C40,COO bushels less than last year
was probably also an influence Is the day's
market. The outlook seems to us a little un
certain, but the action of the rnarkn is
strung. It Is rather difficult to determine hew
much the war news has to do with It."
In this market the cash Wheat was firm at
a slight advance. In the ring there was a
large business in futures at an advance cf 2c
on the morning session. .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 35£1 40; California White
Australian. $1 S5#i 57H; Northern Club.
$1 35® 1 37 Vi; Northern Bluestem, $1 52ia©
Eesslon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 37 $1 3d $1 26T4 $1 3SH
2 p. m. Session
CASH BARLBY
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
December ...$1 3SH tl 3SH $1 3* $1 a**;
BARLEY — The market was steady, with re
ceipts fair and the dema&d not especially active.
A thousand sacks of bright Feed to arrive sold
at Jl 02*4. The shippers are trying to buy in
the country at $1. but are not meeting with
success, as the quotations fcr this business are
$1 O&jtl 10, P-rt Cotta, and one sale as high
as $1 17 Vi has been reported. •
In the ring the feeling was weak, as there
was more stuff offering and buyers were few.
Feed. $lgl 03*4; new Brewing and Shipping.
$1 0561 12>i; Chevalier, nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
sS Open. High. Low. Close.
December '...$1 04 H »l WH U 03!, $104
2 p. m. Session.
December... $1 03%.
OATS— The market rules firm for seed lots,
the dercuod for which is commencing to ap
pear in a small way. The assortment is also
increasing, as will be seen. The market is
qutet. however, sales being of a Jobbing char-
Red. $1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 30®l 37%
for seed; Black. $1 25 for feed and $1 30@
1 35 for seed.
CORN — The market continues quiet at the
quotations which have ruled for weeks, asd
there are no features to report.
Western sacked. *1 45?rl 47H for Yellow.
$1 154*1 47>A for White asd $1 43 for Mixed:
California Large Yellow. $1 45©1 50; email
round do. $1 5utfl «0; White, si 43©1 5O per
ctl: Egyptian, $1 30^1 35 for White and $1 25
$ I SO for Brown.
RYE^ — Continues quiet and unchanged at
$1 25&1 30 for new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7&S2 per ctL
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. July 26. — A number of local firms
were free sellers of wheat at the opening and
under the liberal offerings Initial quotations
chowed corsi'ierab'.e loss, September being off
3fc§u c at S"*»3 s ''4c
After the first burst of selling enthusiasm
had pawed the mirket remained quiet, with
prices hovering amur.d the opening figures.
Toward the middle of the session trading again
became activ<* a^i * strons undercurrent de
veloped. Scalper? were caught short of wheat
when a Pans cable showing an advance there
of 14c came in and in an effort to cover prices
were forced rapiuly upward. The bullish senti
ment was further intensified by a report cred
ited to James J. Hill to the. effect that the
total -wheat crop of the country would be 1C0.
6<X> COO bushels less than last year. A decrease
In the world"*- visible supply of nearly 2,50 > .>»00
buahels was an additional bull factor. Seem
ingly little attention was paid to a number
of bear Influence*, the most important of
which was heavy primary receipts. The mar
ket continued strong the remainder of the ses
sion. September advancing to SS?%c. The close
wait at SS^e^^c.
Corn, influenced by favorable weather and
fairly lar?e receipts", showed some weak
ness earlr in the day. The market closed
near the hizh polnp. September opened %c to
i,s;,c lnwpr at 49Ue to.49«ifM9?»c, sold up to
4»%c and closed at 49?»c.
Oats, CT>n«idering the small amount of trad
ing had a firm tone. September opened Uf^c
lower at 33<4£33**c and closed at 33%<?33**c.
Provisions were firm on light offerings. Tne
strength of wheat influenced some buying by
pit traders and In order to secure the goods
required price* were forced up all around. At
the dote September pork was up 12^0 at
$12 K2H- Lard was up 2&c at ii 9a Ribs
made a gain of 5<£7Hc, closing at $7 47 &®
7 10.
Forecast maie at San Francisoo for thirty
hour* tndinj midnight, July 27. 1904:
Northers California — Cloudy Wednesday;
probably thunderstorms ia the Sierra; cooler;
fresh southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday:
cooler: thunderstorms Is the mountains and
possibly light showers en the coast; fresh south
erly winds.
Nevada — Thunder skewers; cooler Wednes
day.
.-•an Francisco aad vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh westerly winds, with fog.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours esdlsg 5pm
120th meridian time. San Francisco, July 23:
S 2 z » r
-:; hj ; ¦ »*
= i 23 Z • Sjj
STATIONS. 2. 5. _ 4 ~S
t '. & ? ¦ "
Cloverfiale 92 47 .... Clear .00
' CoJusa S8 59 Clear .OO
Eureka .^ 5S 54 N Cloudy .0<>
Ft«3o 10S 0* >rw Clear .00
Hanford 105 <c Clear .CO
Holiister 69 53 Clear .00
Independence • 90 70 S Pt.Cldy T
King City SS 53 N Otar .00
Llveraore P7 53 Clear .00
Los Armeies M 64 W Clear .00
Merced DO 66 Clear .00
Nera 73 S3 S Clear .OO
Newcastle 63 72 EW Clear .<«>
Newman p»5 go near .00
Palermo w 5S Clear .CO
Pcrterville 1<>2 ' 59 W Pt.«Tdy 00
Red Bluff M es SB Clear .00
Riverside 97 63 Cloudy .23
Sacramento £4 .VJ S Clear .00
Pas E'teso 74 64 SW -Cloudy". Ou
San Francisco . .,.. RS 52 W Pt.Cldy OO
San Jose 7*5 55 Clear .00
San Luis Obispo 82 64 S Clear .00
Sar.ta Maria £7 57 .... Cloudy '*>
Santa Rosa 76 5O Clear .0©
Stookton £9 62 Clear 'CO
Willows S3 60 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — All crops In good condition.
Riverside — Thur.dsr shower.
Santa Maria— Unchanged crop condition.
Holiister — Bartlett pears are ripening; crop
about the same as last year.
Colusa— Pears in market; crop will be large.
Napa — High fog in morning; hay asd grain
about all harvested.
Hasfcrd — Grapes are rlpeslsg fast; prune
crop good.
San Jose — Potatoes will run smaller asd
lighter than Ian year.
CToverdale — Light plum and prune crop.
Palermo— All crors as before reported. '
Stocktcn^ — Cliri* end fr«s peaches coming fcr
ward freety; quality good.
Llvermore — Beet harvesting at Pleasantos
will be about two weeks late.
K:r.g City — Cloudy mornlsg.
A. O. McADIE.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were light, and
as there was no old s£ock os hand the market
developed a firmer tone and prices were higher
all aronnd. Destrable lets of youag chickens
were eagerly sought after and occasional sales
of fine large young fowl were reported at a
small premium. All Indications point to ccs
tinued firmness In this market during the
wf»k. A car of Western Hens was marketed,
making the second for the week, asd cleaned
vp quickly. $7 50 per dozen bein* the ruling
price. Game still showed the effects cf the
warm, close weather ia the Interior, being
mere cr less tainted. Only sound Game is
quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15317c per lb for
Gobblers and 14@15c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
?1 25^1 50; Goslings. SI 50®l 7S; Ducks. $4g5
per doien for old ¦n'l $4 5O^?5 SO for yousjf :
Hens. $5 SO-SS for large and $4 5035 fcr small:
young Roosters. $Tfi7 50: old Roosters. $4 50t?
5; Fryers. $4 50«3 50; Broilers. $3©3 50 for
large and $2 50«-1 for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per
dczen fcr old and $1 25«1 50 for Squabs.
GA.ME — Wild Doves. 5Oft6«c per dozen: Har*.
$1 2T>m 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 50
®1 15 per dozen.
Chicago Board of Trade.
ExcJiange and Bullion.
Sliver Is a fraction firmer and European
Exchange on London is hieher.
The steamer China, which arrived Monday.
brought 300.CCO Japanese gold yen from Yoko
hama to the International Banking Corpora
tion. Since December 1. 1903, the total re
ceipts have been 77.S73.C0O yen. consigned to
the following institutions: Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation, 32.00O.C«.0; In
ternational Banking Corporation, 16.323.0CO;
Nevada National Bank. 13.65O.000; Anglo-Call
fornlan Bask. Limited. 9.000.0«'O. and London,
Paris and Americas Bank, ti.900.000.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 $54
Stsrllag Exchange, sight — 4 S>S^
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SOi^
New York Exchange, sight — C74
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 5S^4
Mexican Dollars 46 9 464
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.4*3%
Pans on London 20.254
LOCAL MAEKETS.
'Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK. July 2fl.— Special cable I and
telegraphic ccmrr.unScations received by Brad
streets shoxv the following changes in ava.Il
abl» supplies as compared with last report:
• Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decreased £78.000 bush
els" afloat for and In Europe, decreased 1.500,
000 bushels. Total supply decreased 2.37S.00O
burhelf. , n
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decreased 472.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decreased 910,000 bushels.
The Weather and Crops.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables, j
Fresh arrivals of Potatoes were lighter than
usual, but there was plenty of carried-over
stock on sale and the market generally had a
weak tone. The low prices seemed to stimu
late tha demand, however, and the wharves
were pretty well cleaned up at the close. Tel
low Onions were In increased supply and ruled
weak at a lower range of prices. Red were
in limited supply asd dull at the nominal rate
of SI 50 per sack.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables e«rn
tinued weak, with supplies of nearly all de
scriptions still far In excess of the demand.
Tomatoes had a further decline asd small
boxes were practically unsalable, owing to the
abundance and cheapness cf large boxes frcin
the river district*. String and Wax Beans
were very weak, with the casners purchasing
freely of the former at the minimum quotation.
As previously mentioned, there la na market
far Pickle Cucumbers, but they continue to ar
rive freely asd are piled high at the stores,
awaiting buyers. Tha other vegetables were
generally weak at easy pries, t
POTATOES — New Burbanks fran the rirer.
$1^135 per ctl; Watsonvlile Burbanks. $1 4"-©
1 CO per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 60@l 75 per
ctl: Early Rcse. $1€1 13: Garnet Chiles. $19
1 25: old Potatoes, nominal.
ONIONS— New Red. Jl M pir sack; EllTer
skins. $1 5001 63 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Cora. T3c«l 50 per
sack or crate: String Bears. 1S1V&C per lb:
Wax Beans. 182c per lb; Ltraa Beass. 5C*?c
per lb: Tomatoes, In small boxes, 25SI-V;
large open boxes, 4OJr73c: Summer Squash. 25©
35c per box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1
per «ack: Cucumbers. 25835c per box; Pickle
Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic. 3®4c per lb: Egg
Plant. 758S0c per box; Dried Peppers, 8&IO0
for sun-dried and 124813c per lb for evapo-
Yated; Green Okra. $1 per box: Green Perrers.
CJ-gMc per box for Bell and 3i&5Oc for Chile.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. July 26. —^Tln was weak to
day, clew Ins at £121 15s for both spot and
futures In the London market and at $26 75©
26 90 for spot in New Tork.
Copper advanced f'.ijrhtly in London, closing
at £57 5s for sp^t and £57 3s fid for futures.
Locally price? are unchanged. Lake is quoted
at $12 674«12 75: electrolytic, $12 C74@
12 S7«i; casting. *12 324€12 50.
Lead was a little lower In London, closing
at £11 13s 9d but remained quiet here at
yesterday's decline or S4 20fT4 25 for spot.
Spelter was unchanged in both markets.
Londtin quoted sret at £22 5s Cd and tha
New York price is $4 S-V?4 95.
Iron closed at 51s 9d in Glassrow and at 42s
104d In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No 1 foundry, northern. Is quoted
at JUgll 50- No. 2 foundry, northern. $13 75®
14- \o 1 foundry, southern, and No. 1 foun
dry, southern, soft. 113 50^13 75.
Peaches. Aprleets and evaporated Apple* «r»
firm, with sellers yielding no. concessions.
Prunes are weak, with aapl* supplies still on
hand.
FRUITS t- New crop — Apricots. T\4C«He:
Peaches 5% $7 4e per lb: Figs, 2-erowa brie its.
524c: 3-crown. 53c; 4-crowa. 63c; 6-crown.
73c; balk white. 3*4g34e: black. 4c Old crop
—Evaporated Apples. 64974* per IS.
PRUNES— 19C6 crop. 2^2^*0 for th* fw»
sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. «. b- price* S"r«s=*
'subject to change without notice) axe as fol-^
lows: aO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4^rwwa.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 44c; 2-crowa, •*«: M&lasa,
locse. 3-crown, 4c; 2-crowa. 3^c; Thcapsont
seedless. 4c: seedless Sultasas. 3'~j«; s*«d!es*
Muscatels. 3%e: do floated. 34e; Seeded Rats'
ins. lS-cz carter.* fancy. 54c: eholc& S***:
!2-o» cartons, fancy. 44c: caotce. 4%e: ia
bulk, fancy. 5«-4e; choice. 5c: Imperial clusters.
J3; Dehesa, J2 5O; fancy. $2: Losdoa Layers.
3-crown. $1 33; 2-<rown. IX 25.
The packers name quotatioes aa foCows:
Two- crown layers. $1: 3-crown. $1 10: 4-«r»wa.
SI 50. while others are as law as 8?V$e and OCo
for 2 and 3 crown re»p«ctfr»iy. Tww-crown
loose are quoted at 2%e and 3c and S-crown S%o
to 34c. The price named on faary 13-ci saed
ed is 5'-4=.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 ecftshell. 134O14«:
No. 2. 11 4 ©12c; No. I hardshell. 135134c:
No. 2, Iigil4e: Almonds'. 139034e far new
Nonpareils 12£124c for I X L 12^134« tor
Ne Plus Ultra; Peasuts. 6-tPTc for Eastern; Pe
cans. Il@l3c: Cocoanuts. $4 50® 5.
HONET— Comb. 114©13c for wfeito an^
lO^llc for amber: water white extracted. !MJ
«e: light amber extracted. 44«6e; dark, 34.
, @4Uc
BEESWAX— 27829c per ft.
J i * -
Provisions.
The market eoctinues duS asd f«*rrr»!ri»,
and quotations have shown no ehasg« for soia»
little time. Advices frcm Chicago y^aterday
said: **The dullness caused by the strike still
dominates the carket a=d tra^Isg Is confined
to scalping eperayecs and Is rery small and
otherwise featureless. On the whole, the raar
1 ket is a waiting or.s and wlthovt tendency.
, The consumption cf Beef and Perk has de
creased b.eavtly since the strlk- *>»nn. Every- -
body curtailed tha use of Meats, and distribu
tors In the South, particularly thoa« wtt& large
stocks on hand, advanced prices, but th* trad«
has not followed the advance,." . •
CURED MEATS— Bacoc. 10c per lb for
heavy, 104c for light mediuia, 124c fcr l!ght. .
1.14c fcr extra light and 16e tar sugar-cured:
Eastern rjgar-cured Haas. 13 4c: California
Harr.s, 124c: Mess Beef S1CK910 50 per tab!:
extra Mess. JUJtll 50; Family. J12JP12 50;
¦ prime Mesa Pork. Sit 50; extra. clear. S21: M»ss
117 50; Dry Salted Pork. »%c; Pig Pork. Cl;
: Pigsf Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. -14e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6.®»>Vie per R» far
common and 9o for pure; half -barrels, pure. .
9Ue; 10-lb Cns. »%e; 3-lI> tlas, »!,e; S-lb Uas.
, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Ore half barraL 8«4e: three*
half barrels. 9V*c; cne tirrce. 8He; two tierces.
: €c; five tierces. 7T-ic per lh.
; Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Tne Woo! Rarket*ls about at a standstill, as
I the spring clip Is practicaMy cleaned up art
; the fall cl!p has ret appeared. Advices front
Boston say: "The demand for wool has b*»n
¦ quiet, compared with weeks Just preceding, but
[ the same steady tcne prevails. Manufacturers
! have been buying In such large quantities re
! cently that they are satisfied with, nresest
I holiings."
Hides are reported flrra. particularly salted.
; and the market is showing signs of being af
¦ fected by the Western packing-house strike.
I which threatens to cut 4own the receipts of
' Hides at Western points and thereby cans* a
shortage. Quotations show bo chaag* yet.
• however.
There \s no farther ehaags la Hops, but
1 press dispatches from Oregon «ay that recent
r dry weather there has cut down th» Oregon,
, crop to about 90.000 bales, or 13.000 leas than
last year. The same advices report offers by
brokers to contract with growers for 1904 Hops
i at 20c
HIDES AND SKDfS— Con* asd brands sell
; about 4 eic ur.ier quotations. Heavy Salted
i steers, »4c; medium. 8480c: light. &334c;
; Cow Hides. SSS4c for heavy and 8884c for
' !!ght; Stags 6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal.
10c; Salted Calf. 10^.*rllc: dry Hides. 18c;
dry Kip. 13c: dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shear
, liajrs. 25^M0c each: short Wool. 4»©*5c each:
. mellurn, 75€90c: l-=g Wool. $1©1 5O: Hors«
S Hides, salt. *2 75 for large aad S29C56 for
' medium. SI 25® 1 75 for small and 50c for Colts.
1 Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for Urge asd $1 50 for
' medium. *lgl 23 for small asd 50c for Colts.
Buck Sliir.s — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
: Mexican. 25c; dry Central Americas. 30«8324c.
¦ Goat Skins^ — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra l*r;^
do. SI 25; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 2Cc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4?J4^c per lb;
: No. 2. 3Ue: grease. 24&3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt aad Mesdo
t cino. 17f?10c: San Joaquin and Southern. 13
months*. 10<?12c; do 7 menths". 9911c per lb;
Middle Counties. 13-317c for frse and 12513o
for -defective; Northern. lft^lSc for free and
llglfic for defective; 13316c. accord
j Ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 254*27' 'e per Ib for Cay
j fomia. 1903. Contracts for 1304 crop are quot
ed at l&ff20c.
Meat Market.
I
Me*f. Veal «Bd Muttes continue weak, aad
i quntatfons fcr all threw show som* further
. shading. The market is now . amply stocked
i with all descrirttocs. Small Hogs are In,
1 lighter receipt, as the7 are not wasted 1*ere and
; are accordlagTy t»tr.z held hack ia th« ecu-try.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates fr«n slat:ght«rers t» dealers
are es follows: ¦•
BEEF— 5««Hc for Steers and 4giHo pex n»
for Cows.
\*EAL— Lanre. 4^Tc; small. 789c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7489c; Ew-s. 7S7^o
per Ib. .,/...; .
L.AMB — 9«34c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hcgs. 64«S4e per lb.
U VESTOCX MARKET. / . / '.7
The followins; quotations are for good, fu- i
I Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
I per cent «hrtnka«e for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, Hi®74e: Cows asd Helf
i ers. 648«4c: thin Cows. 4^5c per Ih. /
i CALVES — »844c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 34C3%c; Ewes, 383%O
per lb. (gross weirht).
LAMBS— 12 50«2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. ltO to 20O lbs. 4%«4%c;
2Oi> to 25O lbs. 44c: 13O lbs asd usder. 44c:
over 250 lbs. 4%c: soft Bofi. nominal; Sows.
20 per cent eft; Boars. 50 per cent off. anil
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 54c; San Qaentln. *3 40:
Wool Bags. 30Q32c; Fleece Twine. 74c; Fruis
Bags. 64874c to: white asd 7c for browa
jute. .
CANXED FRUTT— The California Fruit Can
cers' Association quotes the. following pgces
for the 1904 pack:
5?| ,§5 I; 1
rRcrrai s | -
1 5 ?• : .
? : :
» t * *
•AP? 1 ** \%1 55 II 3O»l 2O$l 1©
Apricots ! i 25 i 131 1 OS
Do peeled 1 9OJ 1 63s |
Do sUced 190)1651 }
Blackberrle* l «v 1 23 l J5j 1 15
Cherries. Royal Aase... 2 10} 1 SO>. 1 «5i I 35
Do white 2 oof 1 65J X 304.....
Do black 1 sot i g3[ 1 50' I 3O
Grape3. Muscat 1 ::•' 1 10 s 1 w| 9O
Nectarines | 50, 1 2.V 1 ii; 1 C.
Peaehet. Tellow .... I 73 1 33 1 25 1 1 13
Do, Lemon Cling I JO 1 «
Do. U C. sliced 1 5O(
Do. White Heath t 1 SO
Do. W. H., .'iced 1 451 1 SO
Pears. Bartlett 100|l«0 14O<1S3
Plums. Green Gage 1 a 1 lfr 1 M-, 00
Do. E« 1 Ul I 10* 1 001 9O
Do. Golden Drcp 1 35! 1 10 1 CM 9O
Do. Damson 1 40 1 13 1 05 1 1 00
Raspb*rrte» : T SOJ 2 25j 5 001 1 90
Strawberries : C« ; 1 Tj; I «oj 1 40
CJUCNXD VEGETABLES— Tcasatoea, «,-!!>
Xczv York stock market lozver under bear rumors.
Violent fluctuations in Alaska Packers' stock.
European ExcJiange on London still rising.
Cash and future Wheat higher and the latter active.
Bzr'ey, Rye caxd Corn steady and unchanged.
Oats firm, tci7/i seed demand appearing.
Flour unsettled by freight and zvar conditions.
Railroad yards still choked 'Ji-ith Hay.
Bran firm, with hints of higher prices.
Bean market in excellent shape for sellers.
Potatoes cleaning up better at the reduced prices.
Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply and zceak.
Poultry higher under lighter arrivals.
Fruit market zveak under excessive supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs zveak end the latter lozcer.
Dried Fr.riis and Nuts firm. Honey neglected.
Primes and Raisins in good supply and zveak.
Pceking-hoiise strike still hampering Provision trade.
Hides firmer, owing to the Western strike.
Hop crop tn Oregon reported under last year's.
Wool market well cleaned up and firm.
Cattle and Sheep in liberal supply end zeeak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Del Lack ft "West 263
Denver &RG 21% '
Denver & R G pfd. 300 72 72 71*4
Erie 13,200 24% 24 244
Erie 1st pfd 6, OX) til 5»?i 60%
Erie 2d pfd 600 37 354 35%
Hocklat Valley „ es^
Hocking Val pfd 79^
Illinois Central ... 1.100 136H 1S54' 13»4
Iowa Central is
Iowa Central pfd 35
K C Southern 21
K C Southern pfd. 600 43H 434 424
Louis & Na»h 2,«0O 1141, 113?» 1134
Manhattan L O0O 151 151 150ii
Metropolitan Seen.. 7CO S6?4 84% 85%
Metropolitan St Ry 6,*»uO 1154 114 4 115
Mexican Central... 700 94 0»s 9%
Minn &"St Louis.. 100 46 46 49'
M StP & Sit Ste M 2.700 734 74% 74%
M StP&SHSt M pfd 10O 12S 12S 127
Missouri Pacific ... 17.S0O 92*4 924 02
Mo Kan &. Texas.. 50i> 18 IS 17%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 70O 40 3S% 39
N R R of Mix pfd 200 384 364 36%
N Y Central 1.300 11S4 11S4 11«U
Norfolk & Western 2. COO C14 604 «0%
Norfolk A W pfd ?7
Ontario & Western. 22,400 31S 30Vi 31U
Pennsylvania .. .. 42,600 120 a i 119^ 119%
Pitts C C & St L '. * C2 I
Reading 43,300 53 514 5*-i<i !
Reading 1st pfd... 100 S34 S34 S3
Reading 2d pfd €SU
Rock Island Co S.20O 22*i 22H 22Vi
Rock Island Co pM 1.300 65H 65 «5
St L 4 S F M pfd. 1,000 52»i 52 52
St Louis S W 5«0 1314 13 13
St Louis S W pfd. 600 a34 33 33
I Southern Pacific ... 61.K0O 52>* 50^ MU
S-uthem Railway.. 5,500 24i t 23?i 23%
Scuthern Ry pfd... 100 &S4 RS4 $$
Texas & Pacific .. 2.200 25Vi 2*U 244
Tol St L & West 25
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 as 14 3S4 3-S ';
Vakm Pacific 74.S0O 97 05»i 95% ]
Union Pacific pfd 93% ;
Wabash 600 17 16^ 16 "4 |
Wabash pfd 700 35% 35S 33
W & Lake Erie ... 300 15 14', 14
Wisconsin Central.. 100 17% 17% 17
"Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 3OV4 30?-i 3«4
Exrress Coir-par.ies — • ;
Adama 225 ' I
! American 500 200 IDS 1SS
I United States 10.5
I Wells- Fargo 20".
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 25.600 E2*4 51»4 514
Am Car & Foundry 600 1S»» 1S4 1S»4
Am Osr * K P*d 77 ••
Am Cotton Oil 27
Am Cotton Oil pfd ?.«%
Am Ice 100 7*s "H 1 n
Am Ice pM 100 2S*4 2SV» 2si,
Am Linseed Oil 0
Am Linseed Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive 2.000 22% 214 21%
Am Locomotive pfd Stf
Arn Smelt & Rfng. I.5CO 57« 5«?4 5«4
Am S * R pfd G<M) 90% 00% 8S4
Am Sugar Rfng.... 4.10O 74 74 73
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 74 ' 74 73
Brooklyn R T 10,400 51% 504 50%
Colo Fuel * Iron... 3,700 3"H 35 35H
Consolidated Gas.. 600 193 193 192%
I Corn Products 500 13 12S 12%
Corn Products pfd. 300 69% 694 8>
Distillers" Secur... 200 22 21% 21
General Electric... 800 161 ICO^ l«5O4
Inter Paper .... 100 134 134 134
Int«r Paper pfd 69
Inter Pump 31
Inter Pump pfd 734
National Lead 200 2Hi 21Vi 21
North American.... 200 $S SS 87%
Pacific Mail 500 274" 27 26
People's Gat 1.700 99 ', 99 99^
Pressed Steel Car 324
Pressed S Car pfd.. 40O 764\ 764 78
1 Pullman Pal Car.. 100 221 221 220
i Republic Steel 5€0 7% 7^ 74
! Republic Steel pfd. 500 45 434 43
! Rubber Gocls 400 1S14 IS 13
! Rubber Goods pfd 78
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 6.400 44 41% 424
TT B Leather 3.5CO 7*i 74 7V4
U S Leather pfd... 1.400 S3% 62% . S2%
I U S Realty /47V4
j U S Rubber 1.1«> ir>% 19% 19Vi
V S Rubber pfd... 200 70 75 734
U S Steel 11,200 13«, 11% 11^,
I V S Steel pfd 76.100 62 ! 4 60U 61
1%'estlnghouK Etee. 600 157 4 157 154
Western Union S8
Total sales 540. 6C0
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 26.— No bond transaction*
! to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPAXT.. .
Common, Hi 4%, asked 44; preferred, bid
41. asked 41%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S re* 2s reg.. 1O1*ii! L & N unified 4*. 1004
Do coupon liM'tiMan coa •gold 43.1C5
Do 3s r«-g 104%, Mex Central 4s... 64
Do coupon l'-^M L>o 1st inc 14
Do new 4s reg.l31VilMion & St L 4s.. 9»Hi
Do coupon 1324! M, K & Texas 4s.lOOVi
Do old 4s reg.lO»>*» i)o 2ds S0»i
Do coupon ....10«5^!>m of Mex con 4s. 76» a
Atch gen 4s 103 | X T C gen 3«is..l«v>
Do adj 4s 95 | X J C gen 5s 132T,
Atlantic C L 4s. 0S T i!Nor Pac 4s 105'*
Bait * Ohio 4s...l«t | Do 3s 74* 4
Do 34s MUiKn & W con 4s.lO14
Cer.tral cf Ga Ss.llS^loSL 4s & panic 074
Do 1st Inc 7%i,;Pa coav 3's* 97*i
Ch«» & Ohio 44s. IOjV Reading gen 4s... C94
Chi & Altcn 3V,s. 7S |S L & I M con 5s.ll64
C. B & Q new 4s. 07'; ;s L & S F fg 4s. «1T1
CM 4 SP tn taaOSKISt LouU SW lsts. 9«i»
C & NW con 7g.l30 | Seaboard A L 4s. 7a
C, R I & Pac 4s. 70*jtSo Pacific 4s S.?»4
Do ecl 5s , gl^lSo Railway 5s. ..114
C.C.C 4 SLgn 4silO2 iTex & Pac lsts. US*;
Chi Term 4s.... • 734IT. St L & W 4s. 73'
Cons Tobacco 4s. «M I Union Pacific 4*.1O5*4
Colo * So 4* 85 I Do conv 4s 101H
C F & I con 5«. 74*4 iU S Steel 2d 5s.. 78H
Den & Rio G 4s.lOO | Wabash lsts 117U
Erie prior lien 4s. ».S T »i Do deb B S3
Do gen -is S4 !w & L Erie 4s... 914
F W & D C lsts 10441 Wls Central 4s... 834
Hock Val 44s... 1074! {*
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con S3 Little Chief 05
Alice 20 Ontario 3 JO
Greece JO Cphir n •»5
Bruns Con 03' Phoenix u
Cora Tunnel CS Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va... 1 CO Savage T*
Horn Silver 1 43i Sierra Nev 2""»
Iron Silver ...... 1 BSi Small Hcj*a 25
Leadville Con ... 02i Standard 2 C#
Nav York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31,800 barrels; exports, 17,200 barrels; market
dull and featureless." • — '
WHEAT— Receipts. SS.000 bushels; exports,
CSO bushels; spot firm; No. 2 red. nominal
elevator and $1 01 f. o.- b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth $1 C«»4 f- t>- b. afloat. Options
opened lower on account Of easy Liverpool
cables, favorable weather and crop news and
big receipt?, but soon turned strong and closed
strong HSIic net advance. May closed 92 i Ke:
July $1 02»»- September 91«i@93%c. closed
93Uc; December. 00»i€92»c. closed 92c.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady and un
changed to 5 pom* 3 lower. Total sales were
reported of R3.0W bags, including: September.
« fceeilCc: December. 6.35€6.40c; March. 6.600
6.65c; May. 6S0€«.S5c. Spat Rio, steady;
mild, steady. „ , _
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Steady and unchanged.
CHEESE — Quiet and unchanged.
EGG 11 — Weak- Western extra fine. 2<>S20%c
DRIED FRUITS. . .
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues firm, demand being light, but holders
are confident owing to the small stocks. Com
mon are quoted at 465^c; prime. 5&€6c;
choice G*;fJ6Hc. and fancy. <«S<Hc
PRUNES — Remain quiet and without change.
Prices range frcm 2c to G\ie, according to
APRICOTS— Little Interest is shown in ap
ricots for future shipment from the coast,
but holders show no disrwsltkm to stimulate
demand by price concessions and the market
has a 'firm undertone. Choice are quoted at
SH^lOc. extra choice at 10»4@10>^c and fancy
at 11313c. „
PEACHES — Are practically the same as ap
ricots as tt> position. Choice are quoted at ~®
7»ic extist choice at IVi'SSa and fancy at
9*±tfl0c.
of business in the wool market Is noted this |
week, following the almost abnormal activity
of the preceding fortnight. Prices, however,
.remain as firm as ever. The larger mills have
apparently stopped buying-, the smaller making
up the market. The upward tendency In the
market Is still felt. Territory wools continue
relatively active with demand large. Pulled
wools are firm and the same is true cf foreign
grades, though the market is quiet. Leading
quotations for territory are as follows:
Idaho— Fine, 17®l«c: heavy fine. 14315c:
fine medium. 1761Sc; medium, 1032>>c; low
medium. 2Og21c.
Wyoming — Fine. 16®17c: heavy fine, 149
15c; fine medium, 17@ISc; medium. 20<5J21c;
low medium, 20#22e.
Utah and Nevada— Fin*. ' l«H©lT%c: heavy
fine. 14615c; fine medium. KQlSc; medium,
2#621c; low medium, 21§23c. j
Montana — Fin*, choice. 20Q21c: average, i
l*g20c; fine medium choice. 2O@21c: average. |
, l£^S2uc; staple, 21@22c; medium choice. 22©
I**" ¦ — .
Futures.
„ LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat — Sent. Deo.
Opening 6 8*4 6 8!i
closing ..: a 8ft e sv»
PARIS.
Wheat — July. NoT.-Feb.
Opening 2163 22 40
Closing 21 73 22 60
Flour —
Opening 29 13 29 TO
jCIoslng 20 40 29 63
Weekly Crop Report.
"WASHINGTON. July 2«.— The- weekly crop
report of the Weather Bureau issued to-day
1 says: Limited areas In the South Atlantis
States, Tennessee and the Ohio and tipper
: Missouri valleys and North Pacific Coast need
i rain. While early spring wheat has been
'¦ somewhat Unproved by rains In Oregon much
of the late-sown has been cut for hay. In
Washington spring wheat is backward and
suffering from drought.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOCIS. July 26.— WOOL— Active and
steady; medium grades, combing and clothing.
i 20325c: light fine. l&gCOc; heavy fine, 12t*16c.
| tub- washed, SlS^i^c
; Northern Wheat, Market.
! OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 2«. — WHEAT — Walla
! Walla, 6«©«7c; bluestem. 71 ©72c; valley, 7Sc
: WASHINGTON.
! TACOMA. July 28.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
! bluestem, 75c; club, 6Sc.
I Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July 26-— Clearings. «721.32fl;
balances. $104,154.
TACOMA. July 26.— Clearings, $231.T2«:
balances. J29.813.
PORTLAND. July 28.— Clearings. 5442.23S;
I balances, {71,624.
| SPOKANE. July 26.— Clearings, $315,231;
: balances, 137.373.
Beans and Seeds.
As a rule, the whole Bean market is in
good shape for tellers. Lima-* are very stiff,
with buyers eager and holders firm aad not In
clined to sell. Blackeyes and several while de
scriptions are higher and Pinks continue la
light supply and wanted. The. situation favors
the seller all around.
Seeds are In fair demand and well held at
previous prices.
BEANS— Bayos *2 «X?2 55; Pea. *2 W>?3 10;
Butters, $3 25; small White. J2 »0©3 10; large
"White, $2 4&S2 55: Pink. $3 60@3 75: Red. $4 25
©4 50; Lima. S3 40©3 50; Red Kidneys. 14 50:
Blackeye. J2 20g2 30 per etl; Horse Beans. 12
<?2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. *T80CC25: Canary 6V4®
7e; Alfalfa. lS^lS^e: Rape. lH©2He: Timo
thy. 5>4c: Hemp. 3* t S3Vic p*r lb; Millet. 2*i©
3 He; Broom Corn Seed. |20<ff21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
unsatisfactory condition already mentioned.
The railroad authorities haTe notified the Hay
merchants that they will hold all shipments
from the Interior at Oakland until the Saa
Francisco yards h&ve been cleared of the ac
cumulation. This will take some days, con
sidering that on Saturday there were 400 cars
of Kay in the yards here. Receipts, however,
fell off sharply yesterday, as will be seen.
Prlces remain unchanged, hut are largely nom
inal.
Bran is very firm and the local miller* are.
hinting at a possible advance in a day or two.
ERAS- $21«22 per ton.
MIODUXGS- $24623 per ton.
SHORTS— $21§22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFTS— Rolled barley. J21 50§C2 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50^32 50;
Jobbing. |33: Coccaaut Cake. $22^23: Corn
Meal. $.•» 5Og31 50; Cracked Corn. $31<g32:
Mixed Feed. S22S22 50; Horse Beans. $3*>g40
per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. J3S11. with J12913 for extra
fine: Wheat and- Oat. Sfill; Oat. $7 50-311;
Barley and Oat. $TgO; Volunteer TVlld Oat.
?7gS5O: stable, $TS0 50; stock. t« 50^7 50;
Clover, f 7 S0g9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per ten.
STRAW— 40g€0c p«r bale.
cember. 0.59c; January, N 8.61c; '.. February,
0.62c; March, 0.65c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 190*.
Continued on Page Twelvtt _
The Hay market continues la the dead asd
Hay and Feedstttffs.
Dried Fruits.Nuts,Ra\sinsJioney.
There Is no further change In the situation.
Raisins continue all at tea. with the, packers
operating Independently of the association asd
Miming prices below those of th« latter. Nuts
are quiet, with Almonds still . usder pr aspects
of a light crop. Honey rales rexx dull.
Miscellaneous Markets.
BOSTON, July 28. — A reaction In the volume
Boston Wool Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
THIS BAT.
. Wednesday, July 27
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE PALO
ALTO LIVERT STABLE.
320 OARRELX. ST.. bet. Mascn and Taylor.
Consist ins of 57 ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
S3 VEHICLES. BUSINES3 BUGGIES. SUR-
REYS. 3-SEATERS. BUSES. WAGONETTE
all kinds of WAGONS. 60 SETS OF HAR-
NESS. ROBES. WHIPS. BARN FIXTURES.
This sale is positive; no reserve or limit: muse
be sold as buildins . Is being ressodeled tor
other purposes asd must vacate at one*.
. WM. CLOCGH. Auctioneer.
, L H. BURD, Auctioneer,
WILL EEXi. THIS DAT,
115 THIRD AVE., II A. M.,
TAKE EDDT-ST. CARS.
The Elegant FURNITURE of RESIDENCE.
Also NEW CHASE UPRIGHT PIANO.
L. II. BURD. Auctioneer.
*> SPECIAL AUCTION SALE — ARCADS
-^-^ HORSE MARKET. t27 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. July 2T. a: 11 a. is. I wfll sen
27 head of good drtvlsg horses: also a lot of
good draft hcrces, buggies, wagons aad bxr-
s*33. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctiooeer.AGED NATIVE SON IN WANT.— Igmatlo
SUveramls 80 years of age, and a native son,
applied at the City Prison on Monday night for
ehelter: He said he had once . been wealthy
but was now in want. ' Yesterday morning he
complained of being sick and was sent to the
Central Emergency Hospital. He will prob
ably be taken from there to the Almshouse.
SUES UNITED RAILROADS.— Benjamin B
Sturdlvant sued the United Railroads yesterday*
for $255 damages alleged to have been sus
tained by being run Into by an electric car
while he was rldlne In a buggy.
Hin mtt> Kxtract of Vanilla is the
standard everywhere. Sold by best grocers. •
CABL.K COMPANY'S STATEMENT. — The
California Street Cable Railway Company Hied
a statement yesterday that It Is prepared to
pay $4251 as 2 per cent of its gross receipts
during the year ending June 30, 1904.
Kate Thompson, wife of E. Thomp
son, an employe of the United Rail
roads, yesterday filed a petition for
letters of adoption of the child Violet
Lundberg, whose mother, was. deprived
of the girl on the grounds of cruelty
and neglect. . Mrs. .Thompson related
that she is the mother of three girls
and has had charge of the Lundberg
child most of the time since Septem
ber, 1902, but for a period, on account
of illness, turned her over . to . Secre
tary White of the Society, for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children.
Will Adopt . Lundbcrs Girl.
August and September are excellent months
for outing- trips. Cottages for. rent, good
hotels and boarding houses, camp "sites, hunt
ing and liRhlnff, boating and bathing at Camp
Taylor and Tucalonia.oh the Lagunitas; also
at Inverness and Camp ristolesl on Tomales
Hay; Cu»r.p Meeker, Monte l{lo. Mesa Grande
and I)un<;ins Mills on the uicturesque Rus
sian Hlvor; or Cazadero redwoods on' Austin
Creek. Fine camp trli* beyond Cazadero. Full
Information and copy of "Summer Outings"
at ticket office. North Shore Railroad, U2G
Market street. • ',¦>-.- •
Cottages for Kent — Vacation Trips.
A United States civil service exam
ination is announced for August 17,
18 and 19 at .San Francisco, l,os An
geles, Marysville and Fresno for the
position of engineer draftsman it: the
office of the supervising architect. Age
1'mit, 20 years or over. Salary, $1200
per annum. Apply to the " United
States Civil Service Commission or lo
the secretary of the Board of Civil
Sen-ice Examiners. San Francisco, for
ar plication form 1312.
Engineer Draftsman Wanted.
'te Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. •
It was alleged that the defendants
falsely represented that the claim
would pay 5 cents per pan, or $266,
844,800 in from fifty to eighty years.
The purchase price of ttys bonanza
waa only $15,000.
The suit was brought to procure the
recission of an agreement to purchase
a certain placer mine of the defend
ants In Weaverville mining district.
Trinity County, and to recover $41,
786 alleged to have been lost by the
complainant owing to the misrepre
sentations of the defendants.
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday sustained a demurrer
in the case of t'.ie California Mining
Corporation of Connecticut vs. W. I.
Hupp Si\, W. I. Hupp Jr. and J. W.
Hupp and dismissed the case.
Placer Beds Sold for Only a
Paltry Fifteen thousand.
Nearly Three Hundred Million Dollar
GOLD BRICK BUYER
LOSES MINING SUIT
The fiftieth anniversary of ths com
ing of the Presentation Sisters to the
Pacific Coast is shortly to be observed.
With the object of making arrange
ments for the golden jubilee the" past
pupils of the Presentation Convent at
Powell and Lombard streets a^e in
vited to attend a special meeting to be
held in the convent hall at 2 -o'clock
on Sunday afternoon, July 31.
Will Arrange for Golden Jubilee.
New Badges for Building Inspectors.
Commissioners of Works Schmitz
am 1 Maestretti held a conference yes
terday with the members of the Board
of Fire Underwriters. Schmitz for
mally notified the latter that some of
their employes were usurping the
powers of building inspectors in order
ing changes in building construction.
Schmitz said the badges heretofore
issued would be recalled and new
budges, to be. worn only by building
inspectors employed by the city, would
be issued. They are to be numbered
and worn conspicuously.
I The resignations of Miss Etta
i Honlgsberger, as teacher in the Agas
siz School; Margaret F. O'Brien of the
Fairmount School, Susan M. Kings
bury of the Lowell High School, Louise
N. Howard, teacher of. French in the
¦ Polytechnic School, and Hilda Kline.
! a probationary teacher In the Grant
School, were accepted.
j Portable schools were ordered erected
for the Madison and Monroe schools,
owing to their overcrowded condition.
Principal Johnson of the Fairmount
I School reported that 82 pupils were en
, rolled in one class and 74 In another
and the board ordered a portable
schoolhouse for that school.
f Leaves of absence were granted to
j Miss Helen Conlon, Mrs. Margaret
; Sutherland and Edgar Miller.
] The petition of the Alliance Fran
j caise that It be allowed the use of -the
Crocker School for the purpose of es
tablishing therein a course of French
language was granted.
i Premises at 811, 813. 825 and 917 Point
j Lobos avenue were rented for class
I rooms In connection with the Richmond
1 Primary School.
RESIGNATIONS ACCEPTED.
High school certificates were granted
to Misses Eleda Kelly and Lida Wil
son; grammar school certificates to
Misses Emma O'Connor, Eloise Nolan,
May Kearns and Margaret Johnson
and Miss Wilhelmine Bolsted and Alice
Barrett. . '. T
In accordance with the school law
Superintendent Langdon graded the
schools of San Francisco for the school
year ending June 30, 1905, as follows:
Grammar schools — Adams Cosmopoli
tan, Burnett, Clement, Columbia,
Crocker, Denman, Everett, Fairmotmt,
Franklin, Fremont, Hamilton, Han
cock, Hearst, Horace Mann, Irving M.
Scott, James Lick, Jean Parker, John
Swett, Lincoln, Mission, Pacific
Heights, Rincon, Spring Valley and
Washington.
Primary schools— Agassiz, Bergerot,
Bernal, Buena Vista, Chinese, Cleve
land, Cooper, Douglass, Dudley Stone.
Edison, Emerson, Garfleld, Golden
Gate, Grant, Haight, Harrison, Haw
thorne, Henry Durant, Humboldt,
Hunters Point, Irving, Jackson, Jeffer
son, John W. Taylor, Lafayette, La
guna Honda, Madison, Marshall, Mon
roe, Moulder, Noe Valley, Ocean House,
Oceanside, Park, Peabody. Redding,
Richmond, Sheridan, Sherman, South
End, Starr King, Sunnyside, Sutro.
West End, Whittier and Winfleld
Scott : - •"-.'
Park Commissioner Aaron Altman
was elected head of the drawing de
partment of the Lowell High School.
The following transfers of teachers
in this department were ordered:
Miss R. G. Gallagher, from the Lin
coln Grammar School to the Henry
i Durant Primary School, vice Edith B.
Cook, transferred; Miss Edith B. Cook
! from the Henry Durant Primary
' School to the Lincoln Grammar School.
i vice R. C. Gallagher transferred;
j Thomas J. Roseman from the John
: Swett Grammar School to the Horace
• Mann Grammar School; Mrs. Kershaw
Seabrook from leave of absence to
I the John Swett Grammar School; Mrs.
i B. L. McDonald from leave of ab
! sence to the Irving Primary School,
vice J. McDevitt transferred. Miss
Anna R. King from the Buena Vista
Primary School to the Crocker Gram
mar School, during leave of Miss R.
' Harby.
! Miss M. E. Phillips was designated
as yard assistant at the Agassiz Pri
j mary School.
; SCHOOLS ARE GRADED.
vice principal of the Hearst Grammar
School, vice Miss E. A. Sleator, trans
ferred to the Fremont.
Without seeing; the Diamond Palao would
be like visiting Europe without seQcg Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Jrancia
co. and is the most -beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 aiintgom
ery, between Bush and Pin*. "' •.
To Visit San Francisco'
At this point Judge Kerrigan inter
rupted the attorney's examination with
the remark to Mulick that the parents
of the child were entitled to his cus
tody and notwithstanding the affec
tion that might have grown up in elev
en years the law could not be evaded
by such actions. The Judge expressed
his belief that Mulick knew where the
boy was to be found and told him
that h.e must produce the child in court
this morning or, failing to do so. he
and .his wife would be punished if the
court could punish them.
JUDGE WILL PUNISH.
Attorney Davis then asked Judge
Kerrigan to order Mrs. Mulick into cus
tody for perjury, but the Judge de
clined to do so and the woman prom
ised to have her husband on hand to
testify at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
When Mulick took the stand he de
nied knowledge of the boy's where
abouts, but admitted having taken him
from the home of S. S. Storey at 117
Oak street on Sunday evening after
the boy's first disappearance. He said
that he had taken the lad to the side
walk and that here he was taken away
by a strange man whom the witness
did not know.
firmed Mrs. -Weiss' evidence.
Mrs. Elizabeth Weiss, pleading inno
cence of any Intent to Vkldnap" the
boy, testified that she had given Mrs.
Mulick the name of a man who would
take care of the lad for a few days,
and she had ' heard that the boy was
either at the end of North Beach or in
the Sacramento Valley. Mrs. E. A. Me-
Court, who lives with Mrs. Weiss, con-
In the examination yesterday Mrs.
Mulick was first called to the stand.
Replying to Attorney Davis' questions,
she declared she did not know where
the boy was and had nothing to do
with his disappearance. She even said
the lad had cun away because he did
not want to go to his parents, but
that, notwithstanding her affection for
him, she did not deem it her duty "to
run around looking for him"— that was
for his parents to do. She admitted
that she had represented herself to be
the mother of Mrs. Lewis.
Comely and -clever, the child at an
early age was placed upon the stage
and all her earnings went to Mrs. Mu
lick until the girl married George W.
Lewis, an instructor in dancing in
company with ¦ which, she was playing.
Two children were born,- Raymond and
another boy, now 8 years old. Ray
mond was placed in Mrs. Mulick's care,
because in traveling about the country
it was impossible for the parents to
look after his welfare. They sent re
mittances, which are vouched for by
proper receipts. The younger boy, who
for a time was a cripple, spent part of
the time with his alleged grandmother
and part with his parents. .
Mrs. Lewis, who has been playing
an engagement at Santa Rosa, recent
ly came to Alameda. Her husband
was with her and it was decided to
take Raymond across the bay for a
time. The father Intended to teach him
to swim. Mrs. Lewis came to the housa
of the woman who had posed as her
mother for so many »y ears . to get the
boy. She sent him down stairs to black
his shoes and has not seen him since.
That was two weeks ago yesterday.
MRS. MULICK DENIES. .
The evidence submitted by Attorney
Davis shows that Mrs. Lewis was born
in New York. There is no record of her
parents' names, but on April 12, 1876, at
the age of 5 .years, she. was placed in
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum, with her 9-year-old sister,
Louisa Barnes. Shortly afterward Mrs.
Lizzie Mulick took the younger girl
from the institution and reared her in
the belief that she was her own daugh
ter.
George W. Lewis and Josephine Lew
is are the parents of Raymond Henry
Lewis, a 12-year-old lad, who since his
birth has lived with the Mulicks, who
were supposed to be his grandparents.
Two weeks ago, at a moment when the
child's mother desired to take him to
Alameda for an outing, it was found
that the boy had disappeared. Accord
ing to the testimony he has not since
been "seen. The parents, who are in the
theatrical profession, engaged Henry
H. Davis to begin habeas corpus pro
ceedings -against the Mulicks to regain
the boy. . Judge Kerrigan heard the
witnesses yesterday, examined the doc
umentary evidence and concluded that
the Mulicks were able to produce the
youngster. If they do not do so at the
stated hour this morning the court will
"punish them as far as is in his pow
er." This means that Raymond Lewis
will be* restored to his father and moth
er, or the persons who have posed as
his grandparents will go to jail for
contempt of court.
LEFT IN ORPHAN ASYLUM.
Incidental to a hearing in Judge Ker
rigan's court yesterday on habeas cor
pus proceedings to recover a missing
boy. the fact transpired that the boy's
mother did not know until a week ago
that William and Lizzie Mulick of 2519
Sutter street were not her parents and
that she had an older sister living. The
case is full of human interest and ro
mance, and the end is not yet, because
unless the missing boy is produced in
court this morning at 11:30 o'clock mer
ited punishment will be meted out to
those who have spirited him away.
MISSING BOY AND HIS PARENTS. WHO ALLEGE THAT. HE WAS KIDNAPED
BY MR. AND MRS WILLIAM MULICK. WHO HAVE POSED FOR YEARS
AS THE GRANDPARENTS OF THE CHILD.
The Southern Pacific takes the traveler 'to
Yosemite In the most comfort through the
Krandest scenery. No Big Trees elsewhere to
compare with the Mariposa groves reached en
route; no view of the valley like that from
Inspiration and Artists' points. You pass at
the foot of El Capltan, by Bridal Veil, and
have a grand view of Yosemite Falls. Leav
ing. Bo out via Glacier Point, through wonder
ful scenery. Meals only 50 cents and courteous
attention everywhere. Ask for folder and full
Information of -any agent. or at 613 Market st. •
Comfortable Stages Over an Oiled
Stage Road.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Miss E. A. Sleator, vice principal of
the Hearst Grammar School, was
transferred to the vice principalship
of the Fremont Grammar School; Miss
N. G. Gallagher, vice principal of the
Franklin Grammar School, to the vice
principalship of Crocker Grammar
School, vice C. W. Moores, transferred
to the vice principalship of the Frank
lin Grammar School, vice Miss N. G.
Gallagher, transferred.
Miss F. M. Franklin was elected
In accordance with the rules of the
Board of Education the Fremont Pri
mary School was declared a grammar
school.
CHANGE VICE PRINCIPALS.
It was resolved that the pupils now
occupying the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Parental School be transferred
to vacant rooms in the public school
buildings* in the vicinity of the school
named.
Resolved, That th» Superintendent of Schools
be instructed to proceed to organize such an
institution in accordance with the best preva
lent practice as found in the other important
cities of th* United States.
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Board
of Eitacation that a parental school be set
upon guch premises as are available; and it is
further
Whereas, Under the statute, the responsi
bility of such care Is charged to the Depart
ment of Public Education, be it
Whereas, The legislation designed for the
protection of the rights of children demands
for its fulfillment a close co-operation between
the Juvenile Court of this city and the School
Department, In the the matter of giving spe
cial care to juvenile offenders on probation;
and
The building formerly known as the
Stanford Primary School on Eighth
street near Harrison was designated as
the San Francisco Parental School with
the rank and salary of a grammar
school. Superintendent Langdon read
a statement explaining his reasons for
favoring a parental school and his
resolutions on the subject were adopted
by the board. They are as follows:
XEW PARENTAL SCHOOL.
Mark's appointment was due to the
establishing of a new school to be
known as the San Francisco Parental
School upon the recommendation of
Superintendent of Schools Langdon. R.
D. Faulkner, principal of the Frank
lin Grammar School, was transferred
to the principalship of the Parental
School. Mrs. N. A. Wood, principal of
the Hearst Grammar School, was
transferred to the principalship -of the
Franklin jj School; W. A. Edwards,
principal of the Crocker Grammar
School, was made principal of the
Hearst Grammar School and Mark
took Edwards' place at the Crocker.
School Director Cecil W. Mark was
yesterday appointed principal of the
Crocker Grammar School by the Board
of Education and immediately after
ward he filed his resignation as a
member of the board. As President
Roncovieri is away Mark was elected
by the votes of his colleagues, Direc
tors Walsh and Boyle, and his own.
Mark's term would have expired on
January 8. He was recently an un
successful applicant for the vacant
principalship of the Girls' High School.
Mark will assume his r new duties to
day. His salary will be $180 per
month.
The Mayor did not name a new
School Director, but will probably do
so to-day. The man who Is most likely
to secure the place is Albert M. Arm
strong, head of classics in the Mis
sion High School, who was a* strong
candidate for one of the vacancies on
the • board last January. Other aspi
rants for the place are D. J. Oliver Jr.,
and Thomas E. Atkinson.
The deceased attorney • tras at one
time a prosperous citizen of Grass Val
lpy and jvas deemed an authority on
mining law. He married twice and
leaves several children by the first
wife, from whom he was divorced. , The
second wife died a year after his mar
riapre and Burrows left for San Fran
cisco with his housekeeper. It was re
ported that he was infatuated with the
woman. She deserted him soon after
the pair reached this city. Letters to
friends in Grass Valley .indicate that
Burrows intended to go to Tonopah to
practice law.
An attache of the hotel detected the
odor of gas in the hallway about 9
o'clock and Burrows was found dead.
The Morgue wagon arrived simultane
ously with the money.
Burrows was about 46 years old. He
leaves a niece in Oklahoma. He came
to the hotel at 416 Turk street about
three weeks afro and a^ked for credit,
which was readily granted as he had
been a guest before. The body was
sent to the Morgue.
As Burrows was writing the jingle
and meditating bitterly or*r the brutal
Jest of the situation {i client whose ac
count was overdue was depositing? $200
with Wells-Fargo at Grass Valley.
Burrows, of course, was entirely ig
norant of this. He imagined himself
completely down and out of the battle
of life, then determined to take the de
feat with a jest on his lips.
He entered an adjoining bathroom
and plugged all the crevices in the door
and windc-w. Wrenching out the burn
er he turned on the gas jet. Then he
spread a quilt upon the floor and lay
waiting the end.
As he lay there dying, satisfied that
he was no longer al>le to cope with
circumstances, the money that would
have given him new life was speeding
to San Francisco «• fast as an express
train could carry it. As the rescue
drew nearer the shadows of death crept
close to the unfortunate attorney. Had
the lov? of life that is strong in every
man asserted itself, had Burrows post
poned the deed but tn hour he would
have been alive.
The express train whirled into the
Oakland mole probably just as the sui
cide unconsciously gasped vainly -for a
few breaths of pure air. Tiie gold came
too late.
Back te old earth I journey My the;
TO her embrace whate'er betide
¦We all return, howe'er allied;
And thus to go I'm Battened.
Or a splash In the water with a s^irtrle for
breath,
Or sas turned on to produce certain death.
Or a swallow of poison, not carbolic acid.
But. some of the kind that's bitter but placid;
Like morphlum — queen of the night and ol
¦leeiH—
That Induces repose and a coma so deep.
That Its patron glides over the valley of death
As a child In Its Joy sometlmie runs out of
breath.
The moment that A. Burrows, an at
torney, flung aside his last cent piece
and decided to end what seemed a
hopeless existence Monday evening
enough money to give- him a fresh
start in life was shipped to him from
Grass Valley. The Wells-Fargo mes-
Eenger with money for Burrows ar
rived at 416 Turk street, the scene of
the suicide, yesterday morning just as
the Morgue wagon drew up before the
hotel. Burrows had committed sui
cide by inhaling gas.
Burrows had been in financial straits
for some time. On Monday night he
found himself reduced to the last cent.
He thought of former property and the
friends of better days who had grown
cold to him. and his one remaining
copper coin seemed to mock him. The
ghastly humor of the situation struck
him forcibly. He tossed aside the
cent piece and sitting at a table
scrawled the following doggerel:
Coroner: To you I ¦will confide.
Tbls Is a. case of suicide.
The causes — they are multiplied.
To mention torn* would hurt my pride.
X*t them remain in-.myEtified.
All my old frieads— "the true and trlc4."
Have pawed to the other side.
(la plainer xrord6, have chilled or died.)
JUose am I — the suicide!
• Alexander is said to be Civil Service
Commissioner Rogers' lieutenant in the
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, and as
such is supposed to be worthy of higher
regard than less fortunate political
brothers.
It is not told how Alexander man
ages to fulfill the duties of two posi
tions, although the hours of each are
such that- it is possible for him to do
justice to both. As deputy registrar
performing clerical work in the main
office he is supposed to work from 8:30
a; m. to 5 p. m. A janitor can do his
work before the opening and after the
closing of schools, or he may employ
some one else to do it at a smaller
salary than he is himself receiving. No
one knows how Alexander manages, but
he is down on the Auditor's books for
two salaries monthly, and the Auditor
is of the opinion that he is only entitled
to one and will withhold payment on
the other for the month of July.
Alexander is one of the non-civil ser
vice deputy registrars whose appoint
ment to the exclusion of three civil ser
vice ellgibles has been disapproved by
the Civil Service Commission, but he
continues to hold his job. Alexander's
appointment to a second position is de
fended owing to an opinion of the City
Attorney that a night school teacher
may hold another salaried position un
der the city government, but the opin
ion goes further and says:
"It does not follow, however, that a
teacher or that any employe may oc
cupy two positions which conflict with
one another, either as to duties or as to
hours of employment."
The discovery was made yesterday in
the Auditor's office that H. J. Alexan
der is holding two positions in the city
government, notwithstanding the char
ter provision that no employe of the
city can hold two salaried offices at
one and the same time.
| Alexander is a janitor of the Horace
Mann School by virtue of his appoint
ment thereto by the Board of Educa
tion, and is also fortunate in holding
a temporary clerkship in the office of
the Registrar of Voters. As janitor
Alexander is paid $108 per month, and
the other position pays him $100 per
month. Though Alexander's appoint
ment is supposed to be a temporary
one, it possesses all the earmarks of a
permanent tenure.
Non-Civil Service Man Is
Retained to Exclusion of
Those on Eligible List
Certain That He Was Beaten
in Life's Battle He Pens
Jingle and Inhales Gas
Directors Establish Paren
tal School With R. D.
Faulkner as Its Head
CHARTER IS VIOLATED
WRITES JOKIXG LETTER
FIVE TEACHERS RESIGN
A. Burrows Is Dead Wken
Wealth That Might Have
Saved Him Eeaches Hotel
Deputy Registrar H. J. Alex
ander. Is Also the Janitor
of the Horace Mann School
He Is Elected Principal of
the Crocker Grammar by
Votes of His Associates
MONEY ARRIVES
JUST TOO LATE
CITY PAYS HIM
TWO SALARIES
MARK LEWES
SCHOOL BOARD
ACTRESS' SON KIDNAPED
BY HER FOSTER PARENTS
Mrs. Josephirte Lewis Just Discovers That
Mrs/ Mulick Took Her From an Orphan
Asylum — Twelve- Year-Old • Boy Missing
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1904.
Coughs and ' colds are dangerous Intruders.
Expel them with Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Parker's Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.*
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦i. ¦¦„.... <>•
\ v m
Astrachan Jackets
$35 to $125
THE BEST VALUES IN AMERICA
Furs— like diamonds- should be
bought from a store you're sure of.
Deception is frequently practiced, and
the piecing together of odds and ends
is so skilltuQy done that sometimes
even an expert, can be deceived.
We boast of nothing, yet cannot*
refrain from pointing with pride to
the magnificent increase in our busi-
ness from year to year. This b a
stronger testimonial than any self-
eulogy in which we might indulge.
DON'T FORGET OUR NUMBER.
Y^^^**^Y*rftT VVA Lv^^j-^
The reason for our reductions is told in a few words.
The carpenters are cutting the floors and the plaster to
brace the walls before beginning work on the extra stories
we are adding. We must store or sell all Our display car-
pets before they get to the third floor. It is your chance
for carpet bargains that will never be equaled.
WRI JWFI S RUGS Madc of reversible Brussels. Size 27
KttVMLL.3 KUU3 b y 54 inches. JOOofthem, f-f^y
while they last for about one-third what the goods cost ¦^g f
BDUSSFLS'RUGS $2Z50values * Sizc 9xI2 fect - Not
DKV/MLLJ IWU ' 3 reversible. This is *H -l m
the value that every home builder should take I fill
advantage of. This week they will sell for ... i|#JLl/*W
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS Rc * ular 80c stock ' A c «-
lilr'LJlIM KIWJJLLJ that findsUts _
way into nearly every home that is made. This week "^ *%^
you save 25c the yard on it. Tapestry Brussels, not laid *J%J W
I INOT FUMS 65cvalucs t cut 30c All new patterns and
JLli>« VLsLtVl 1*3 a lafgfC select£on to cho6sc fron £ _
Made of the best pulverized cork and linseed oil. Linen X
leums, this week, not laid :''- iJf J W
BRUSSFLS Re * ular $ M0 val «^ cut 23c theV.yard. An
uvwulJi^l.u eleganv carpet in elegant designs and any num-
ber to choose from. Small rich patterns on deep-shaded 'jT\ f* '
grounds. Reds, greens, wood colors and light tans. 5% J f*
The yard, sewed, lined and laid ..... U fl W
als. Every fine harmony in carpet coloring. We ff*"f| *%(TX
claim as much credit for the artistic choosing of these jki f%i
carpets as for the carpets themselves. The yd., laid &p JL • aJL Vr
AYMTNSTFRS Rc ? ul ar $2.00 values, cut 75c Luxurious,
deep-colored, high pile Axminsters, the
highest grade carpets made. You can't equal them in the West
We send men to the carpet centers of the world to tfH <f f^ pi
study them for weeks before choosing. This week, I J ¦%
laid. . fc|9 A«£liJ
• "The Credit House.? 233-235-237 Post Street.
: :.-. n ..-.-:..._ r ; ADyERT7SE3IEVTS. -
1 1 FALL ARRIVAL ||
1 NEW LACE CURTAINS B
The attention of our customers is called to \\
the large assortment of NEW CURTAINS rj
which we have just received. ...... H
All are on heavy imported net and are of the* I
latest French designs. . . . . .-....' [j
The styles consist of Taped Effects, Cluny [1
and Arabian Lace, trimmed edges, lace in- y
sertion; Arabian and Battenberg Corner «
Pieces. These Curtains are marked at very f]
low prices. ............. h
[RENAISSANCE, ~~~~ 1
ARABIAN, j
BONNE FEMME B
#9 flfl RENAISSA NCE CURTAIN, gool ffualltD, . lm-
X <iUU ported net, taped eige and Draid Insertion, 3
tpu pair uardslong; also HEAVY ARABIAN CORDED
I NET CURTAINS, 3^ girds long. '
I (ft ft c(| HEAVY FRENCH NET RENAISSANCE, taped
V <i0U edge and insertion to match, with Battenfiepg
%pU pair corner pieces, also Clunu and Arabian Lace, n
trimmed edges, 3 naris long. . . .1
(f| A rn BEST FRENCH NET RENAISSANCE, In manb |]
V£li0U heautlful designs, scroll patterns, wide Clunu I
V * Pair Lace Insertion, with edge to match. 0
Our assortment of BONNE FEMME CURTAINS is most com- I
plete, hoth In Arabian and Renaissance. 0
Pricesta "g Btroi " S4.50 to $20.00 per pair I
I 111 to 121 POST STREET. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1.00 Per Week
Will keep you well dressed
We do not ask you for security.
Your word Is good with us.
SUITS TO ORDER.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
:^^fc Painless 1
M Painless Fillings 25c |1
g| Painless Crowns...!.*.. .".$3.50 If
IS Fu I Set of Teeth $4.00 |]
£.] "VAN VROOM" l\
H Sixth and Market f J
S visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fHUSEUH OF AHATOSIYP
A UU 1351 VWZn 37. ft*. 5:S X'X 2.T.C& A
\ .tJT The Lar^nt Anatomini Museum in Ike \
V **3*V^~v Worl< i- Weakness** or j-..y coatract-d A
X SP= fcSM ?'""• *»»>««'«->7 c»r»«« r> T tt>« old=»t Y
j^V)] VcuiitooiMCou-, Esc 36 years.* O
d 05ti* K CR ' JORDAN-D'SEASES QF KEN A
\ lW7f} Coniuluooo fr;e ar.d jlrirtly priTitt \
r fl Jv*S fl I"""' 11 "" penenslrj- or by l«ner. A 4
\ S 7 n H uitt * 1 p " r * «»«y e»=« undcruSeea. \
O r // 11 «T w >i:> for Bwit. PHILOiurilY *f >
\ I 1 BAKU1A-BK. MAILED F*SB. (AY
A U t* »»l»«bl« book lor mrs) . \
V oa 4 on n a > * co.. k»i Mar*»t at. 8. r. Q