The Sunday Call MagazineThe words" came clear *nd cold and
positive. Her tone was Ike an icicle
down my back.
"I didn't' have any!" ! I exclaimed.
"Why, I certainly—"
"You certainly had no purse, for I
should have seen It and starched it if
you had." *|
Now, what do you think of a woman
like that? ' ¦
"Nancy Olden," I /said } to myself,
more in sorrow than in arger, "you've
met your match right he*e. When a
woman knows a fact and elates it with
such quiet conviction, vithout the
While Tausig insisted, and explained
and expostulated and it last walked
put with the sergeant— giving me a
queer last look that was half -cursing,
half-placating— I stood chatting sweet
ly with the woman who had searched
me.
I didn't know Just how far I might
go with her. She knew the paper
wasn't on me, and I coiid see she was
disposed to believe I whs as nice as
she'd have liked me tube. But she'd
had a lot of experience and she knew,
as most women do even\wlthout expe
rience, that if there's mt always fire
where there is smoKQ it's because
somebody's been ¦¦ cleve} enough-and
quick enough to cover th^ blaze.
"Well, good-by," I sale, putting out
my hand. "It's been dlslgreeable but
I'm obliged to you for— why, Where's
my purse! We must hate left It—"
And I turned to go back hto the room
where I'd undressed.
"You didn't have any."!
least unnecessary emphasis and not a
superfluous word, 'ware that woman.
There's only one game to play to let
you hang round here a bit longer and
find out what's become of the baby.
Play it!"
I looked at her with respect; it was
both real and feigned.
"Of course, you must be right,", I
said humbly. "I know you wouldn't
be likely to make a mistake, but, Just
to convince me, do you mind letting me
go back to look?"
"Not at all." she said placidly. "If
I go with you there's no reason why
you should not look." \
Oh, t Mag, it was hard lines' looking.
Why? Why,, because the place was so
bare and so small. There were so few
things to move and It took Buch a
shor.t time, in .spite of all I could do
and pretend to do, that I was In de
spair. ¦
"You must be right," I said at length,
looking woefully up at her.
' ."Yes, I knew I was," she said stead
ily. - :
"I must have lost It."
There was no hope there. I turned
to go.
"I'll lend you a nickel to get home,
if you'll leave me your address," she
said after a moment.
Oh, that admirable woman! She
ought to be ruling empires instead of
searching thieves. Look at the bal
ance of her, Mag. My best acting had
n't shaken her. She hadn't that fatal
curiosity to understand motives that
take. Which way? . . . I'll come
back/ Mr. Tausig, to receive your apol
ogy, but you can hardly expect .me to
go tp lunch after this."
Hev growled a wrathful, resenting
mouthful. But he looked a bit puzzled
just the same. <.
He looked more puzzled yet, even be
wildered, when we came back into the
main office a quarter of an hour later,
the woman and I, and she reported
that no paper of any kind had she
found. . •
Me? Oh, I was sweet amiability per
sonified with the woman and with the
sergeant, who began to back-water fu-
Yiously. But with Tausig— ;.
What? You don't mean to say, you're
not on, Mag? Oh, dear, dear, it's well
you had that beautiful wig of red hair
that puts even Carter's in the shade;
for you'd never have been a success in
—in other businesses I might name.
Bamboozled the woman?" Not a bit
of it; you can't deceive women with
mouths and eyes like that. It was just
that I'd had a flash of genius in the
minute I heard Tausig's voice, and in
spite of my being so sure he wouldn't
have me arrested I'd— Guess, Mag,
guess! There was only one. way.
The baby, of course! In the moment
I had — It wasn't long— -iyi "stooped
down, pretending to kiss that cherub
good-by, and in'a Jlff,y I'd pinned that
precious pa*per with a safety-pin to the
baby's under-petticoat, preferrlng'that
irlsk to — ' /¦¦
Risk! I should say It was. And now
it was up to Nance to make good.
know what it meant, but I tan im
agine.
"Look here, I give you one more
chance," he squeaked; "if you don't — "
"What'll you do?" . .
I was eure I had him. I was sure,
from the very whisper in which he had
spoken, that the last thing in the world
he wanted was to have that agreement
made public by my arrest. But I
tripped up on one thing. I "didn't
know there was a middle 'way for a
man with money.
His manner changed.
"Nance Olden." he said aloud now,
"I charge you with stealing a valuable
piivate paper of mine from my desk.
Here, sergeant!"
I hadn't particularly noticed the ser
geant standing at the door with his
back to us. But from the way he came
at Tausig's call I knew he'd had a
private talk with him, and I knew he'd
found the middle wa>.
"This girl's taken a paper of mine.
I want her searched," Tauslg cried.
"Do you mean," I said, "that you'll
sign your name to such a charge
against me?"
He didn't answer. He had pulled the
sergeant 'down and was whispering in
his ear. I knew what that meant. It
meant a special pull and a special way
of doing things and—
"You'll do well, my girl, to give up
Mr. Tausig's property to him," the ser
geant said stiffly.
"But what have I got that belongs to
him?'.' I demanded.
He grinned and shrugged his big
shoulders.
"We've a -way of finding out, you
know, here. Give it up or—"
"But what does he say Tve taken?
What Charge is there against me?
Have you the, right, to. search any wo
man who walks 'in here? And what in
the world; would I want a paper of
' Tausig's for?" ; ' . ¦ -••
>j .".You . won't give it up then?" He
tapped a bell. ".' ', . .- ;
A woman came in. I had a bad min
ute *there, but* it didn't last; it wasn't
'"the matron I'd brought the baby to.
"You'll % take this girl into" the other
room and search her thoroughly. The
thing .we^'re looking . for— " The ser
geant turned to Tausig.
* "A small paper," he said eagerly! "A
—a contract— just a single sheet of le
gal cap paper it was, type-written and
signed by. myself and some other gen
tlemen, and folded twice." "
The woman looked at me. She was a
bit hard-mouthed, with iron-gray hair,
but her eyes looked as though they'd
seen a lot and learned- not to flinch,
though they still felt like it -<I knew
that kind of look— I'd seen it at the
Cruelty.
"What an unpleasant Job this of
yours is," I said to her, smiling up at
her Jot all the world as that tike of a
baby had smiled at me; and watching
her melt just as I had. "I'll not make
a bit harder. .Th.is thing's all a mis-
*7 E started as though he couldn't
I \ believe his eyes when he saw
j[ I me. "The Lord hath delivered
+S mine enemy Into my hand,"
shone in his evil little face.
"Why, Mr. Tatisig." I cried, before he
could get his breath: "How odd to
meet you here! Did you find a baby,
"Did I find—" He glared at me. "I
find you; that's enough. Now — "
"But the luncheon was to be at
12:30." I laughed. "And I haven't
changed my dress yet."
"You'll charge it all right for some
thing not so becoming if you don't
Ehell out that paper."
"Paper?" • V
"Yes, paper. Look here, if you give
it back to me this minute — now— I'll
not prosecute you for — for— " • * ; r ;
"For the sake of my reputation?" I
suggested softly. *
"Yes." He looked doubtfully at me,
mistrusting the amiable deference of
my manner.
"That would be awfully good of you,"
I murmured. -••¦-"
He did not answer, but watched me
as though he wasn't sure which way
I'd jump the next moment.
"I wonder what could induce you to
be so- forgiving," I went on musingly.'
"What tort of paper is this you miss?
It must be valuable — "
"Yes, it's valuable all right. Come
on, now! Quit your fooling and get
down to business. I'm going to have
that paper."
"Do you know, Mr. Tausig," I said
impulsively, "if I were you, and any
body had stolen a valuable paper from
me, I'd have him arrested. .1 would.- I
should not care a rap what the public
exposure did to his reputation, so
long— so long," I grinned right up at
YAm. "eo long as It didn't hurt me, my
eelf. In the eyes of the law."
Mad? Oh, he was hopping! A German
swear word burst from him. I don't
CerrrUht, 13O>. IVtbs-McrrlM Co.
- - T W
THIS is the last "install
ment of Miriam Michel
soh'fi novel, "In the Bish
op's Carriage," which began
in The Sunday Call Magazine
on July 10. Next we£k be
gins a story by Max Pember
ton, author of the famous
"Kronstadt" and "The Phan
tom Army," entitled "Doctor
Xavieiv' one of the very best
of the later books of this fam
ous English novelist. The
complete story will be pub
lished in four installments.
wrecks, so many who deal with — we'll
call them the temporarily unstraight.
She was satisfied Just not to let me
get ahead of her In the least particu
lar. ; But she wasn't mean, and she
, would lend me a nickel— not an emo
tionally extravagant 10-cent piece, but
Just a nickel— on the chance that I
was what I seemed to toe.
Oh, I did admire her; but I'd have
been more enthusiastic about It If I
could have seen my way clear to the
baby and the paper.
I took tht nickel and thanked her,
but effusiveness" left her unmoved. A
wholesome, blue-gowned rock with a
neat, full-bibbed white apron; that's
what she was!
And still I lingered. Fancy Nance
Olden Just heartbroken at being com
pelled to leave a police station!
But there was nothing for It. Go.
I had to. My head was a-whirl with
schemes coming forward with sugges
tions and being dismissed as unsuit
able; my thoughts were flying -about
at such a dizzy rate while I stood there
In the doorway, the woman's- patient
hand on the knob and her watchful
eyes on me, that f actually— /
Mag, I actually didn't hear the mat
ron's voice the first time she spoke.
The second time, though, I turned
—so happy I could not keep the tremor
out of my voice.
"1 thought you had gone long ago,"
she said. • ' V .
Oh, we were friends, we two! We'd
chummed over a baby, which for
women is like what taking a drink
together is for men. The admirable
dragon in the blue dress didn't waver
a bit because her superior, spoke pleas
antly to me. She only watched and
listened.
Which puts you in a difficult posi
tion when your name's Nance Olden
—you have to tell the truth.
"I've been detained," I said with
dignity, "against my wish. But that's
all over. I'm going now. Good-by." I
nodded and caught up my skirt. "Oh!"
I paused Just ,as the admirable dra
gon was closing the door on me. "Is
the baby asleep? I wonder If I might
see her once more."
My heart was beating like an engine
gone mad. In spite of my careless tone.
and there was a buzzing In my ears
that deafened me. But I managed to
stand still and listen, and then to walk
off, as though It didn't matter in the
least to me. while her words came
smashing the hope out of me.
"We've sent her with an officer back
to the neighborhood where you found
her. He'll find out where she belongs,
no doubt. Good day."
Ah me, Maggie, the miserable Nance
that went away from that station! To
have had your future in your grasp,
like that one of the Fates with the
string; and then to have It snatched
from you by an . impish -breeze and
blown away, goodness knows where!
¦ I don't know Just which way I turned
after I left that station. I didn't care
where I went. Nothing I could think
of gave me any comfc-rt. I tried to
fancy myself coming home to you. I
tried to see myself going down to tell
the whole thing to.Obermuller. But I
couldn't do that. There was only one
thing I wanted to say to .Fred Ober
muller, and .that thing I couldn't say
now.
But Nance Olden's not the girl to
go around long like a molting hen.
There was only one chance in a hun
dred, and that was the one I took, of
course. 5
"Back to the square where you found
the baby, Nance!" I cried to myself.
"There's the chance inat that admir
able dragon has had her suspicions
aroused by your connection with the
baby, which she hadn't Known before,
and has already dutifully notified the
sergeant. There's the chance that th»
baby is home by now and the paper
found by her mother will ¦ be turned
over to her papa; and then it's good
by to your scheme. There's the chance
that—"
But in the heart ot me I didn't be
lieve in any chance but one — the chance
that I'd find that blessed baby and
get my fingers once more on that
precious paper.
I blew in the A. D.'s nickel on a
cross-town car and got back to the
little square. There was another or
gan-grinder there grinding out coon
eongs, to which other pickaninnies
danced. But nary a little white bundle
of fluff caught hold of my hand. . I
walked that square till my feet were
sore. It was hot. My throat was
. parched. I was hungry- My head
ached. I was hopeless. And yet I
Just couldn't give it up. I had asked
bo many children and nurse-maids .
whether they'd heard of the baby lost
that morning and brought back by- an
officer that they began to look at me
as though I was not quite right in my
mind. The maids grabbed the chil
dren if they started to come near me.
and the children stared at me with
big round eyes, as though they'd been
told I was an ogre who might eat
them. '
I waa. hungry enough too. The little
fruitstand at the entrance had a fas
cination for me. I found myself there
time and again; till I got afraid I might
actually try to get off with a peach
or a bunch of grapes. That thought
haunted me. Fancy Nance Olden'
starved and blundering into the cheap
est and most easily detected species
of thieving!
I suppose great generals in their hour
of defeat Imagine themselves doing the
feeblest, fooliahest things. As I sat
there on the bench, gazing before me,
I saw the whole thing— Nancy Olden,
after all her bragging, her skirmish
ing, her .hairbreadth escapes and suc
cesses, arrested in broad daylight and
before witnesses for .having stolen a
cool, wet bunch of grapes.' worth a
nickel, for her hot, dry, hungering
throat! I saw the policeman that'd
do it.-- he looked like that Sergeant
Mulhill I met 'way, 'way back jn Lati
rner's garden. I saw the officer that'd
receiv* me; he had blue eyes like the
detective that came for me to the Man
hattan. I saw the woman Jailer— oh,
she was the A. D., all right, who'd re
ceive me without the slightest emotion,
show me to a cell and lock the door,
as calm, as little triumphant or affect
ed as though I hadn't once outwitted
that cleverest of creatures — and out
witted myself in forestalling her. ' I
saw— " ' .
Mag, guess what I saw! No. truly;
what I. really saw? It made me jump
to' my feet and grab It with a squeal.
I saw my own purse lying on the
gravel almost at my feet, near the
little fruitstand that had tempted me.
Blar.k empty it was. stripped clean,
not a penny left In It. not a paper, not
a stamp, not even my key. Just the
same I was glad to have it. It linked
me in a way to the place. The clever
little girl that had stolen It had been
here' In this park, on this very spot.
The thought of that cute young Nance
Olden distracted my mind a minute
from my worry— and, oh, Maggie dar
lin', I was worrying suf
,, I .walked. up to the frultatand with
the purse in my hand. The old fellow
who kept It looked up with an Inviting
smile. Lord knows, ha needn't have
encouraged me to buy if I'd had a
penny.
"1 want to ask you," I said. "If you
remember selling a lot of good things
to a little girl who had a purs* this—
this morning?"
I showed it to him, and he turned It
over In his crippled old hand*.
"It was fuller then— or fuller, any
way," I suggested.
"You wouldn't want to get her Into
trouble— that little girl?" ha asked cau
tiously.
I laughed. "Not L I— myself— -
I was going to say— well, yo-u can
Imagine what I was going to say. and
that I didn't say it or anything like it.
""Well— there she is. Kitty "Wilson.
over yonder." he said.
I gasped, Jt was 'so unexpected. And
I turned to look. There on one of the
benches sat Kitty Wilson. If I hadn't
been blind as a bat and full of trou&le
— oh. It thickens your wits, does trou
ble, and blinds, your eyes a and muffles
your ears! — I'd have suspects sorne
thing at the mere eight of •her. For
there sat Kitty Wilson enthroned, a
hatless. lank little creature about 12,
and near her, clustered thick as ants
around a lump of sugar, was a crowd
of children, black and white, boys and
girls. For Kitty— that deplorable Kitty
—had money to burn; or what was
even more effective at her age, she had
goodies to give away. Her lap was full
of spoils. She had a sample of every
good thing the fruitstand offered. Her
cheeks and lips were smeary with
candy. Her dresa . was stained with
fruit. The- crumbs erf cake lingered
still on her chin and apron. And Kitty
— I love a generous thief-'-was treat
ing the gang. - ¦ .
It helped Itself from her abundant
lap; it munched and gobbled and asked
for more. It was a riot of a high old
time. Even the birds were hopping
about as near as they dared, picking
up the crumbs, and" the squirrels had
peanuts to throw to the birds.
. And all on Nancy Olden's money!
I laughed till. I shook. It was good to
laugh. Nancy Oiden isn't accustomed
to a long dose of the doleful, and it
doesn't agree with her. I strolled over
to where my guests were banqueting.
Tou see, Mag, that's where I could
n"t rank' with the- A. IX I'm too in
. quisitive. I want to know, how the
othe.r fellow in the case faels and
thinks. It isn't enough for me to see
him act.
"Kitty," I said— somehow a 12-year
old makes you feel more of a grown
up than a 12-months-old does — "I hope
you're having a good time, Kitty Wll-
Bon, but — haven't you lost something'"
She was chewing at the end of a long
string of black candy — shoe-string, all
right, the stuft looks like — and she was
eating Just because she didn't want to
stop; Goodness knows, she, was full
enough. Her Jaw3 stopped, though,
suddenly, as she looked from the empty
purse in my outstretched hand to me
and took me in..
.Oh. I know. that pause- intimately.
It says: "Walt a minute, till I get my
breath and I'll know how much you
know and Just .what 11* to tell you."
But she changed her mind w,hen she
saw my face. Tou know, Hag, If
there's . a . thing, .that's -fixed In your
memory it's the face of the body you've
done up. The respectables have their
rogues' gallery, but we. that Is, the
light-flngered brigade, have got a fools'
gallery to correspond to it.
In which of 'em 13 my picture.? Now.
Margaret, that's mean. You know my
portrait hangs in" both.
I locked down on the little beggar
that had painted me for the. second
salon, and ]o, in a flash she was on
her feet, the lapful of good things
tumbled to the ground, and Kitty was
off.
I was bitterly disappointed In that
girl, JMag! I was altogether mistaken
In my diagnosis of her. Hers la only
a physical cleverness, a talented dex
terity. She had no resource .in time
of danger but her legs. And legs will
not carry a grafter half so far as a
good, quick' .tongue and a steady head.
She halted at a safe distance ' and
glared back^at me. Her hostility ex
cited the /crowd of children— her push
— against, nie, and the braver ones
Jeered the things Kitty only looked.
while the thrifty ones stooped and
gathered up the spoil.
"Tell her I wouldn't "harm her," I
said to one of her lieutenants.
"She says she won't hurt ye. Kit,"
the child screamed.
"She dassent." yelled back Kitty, the
valiant. "She knows I'd peach on her
about the kid."
"Kid! What kid?" I cried, all a-flre.
' "The kid ye swiped thl3 mornin*.
Yah! I told the cop what brought her
back how ye took her Jest a3 I — "
"Kitty!" I cried. "You treasure!"
And with all my might I ran after her.
- Silly? Of course it was.' I might
have known what the short skirts
above those thin legs meant I could
n't come within fifty feet of her. I
•halted, panting, and she paused, too.
dancing tantalizingly 'half a block
What to do? I wished I had another
purse to be3tow on that bad Kitty, but
I had nothing, absolutely nothing, ex
cept—all at once I remembered it— that
little pin you gave me for Christmas,
Mag. I took it off and turned to ap
peal to the nearest one of the- flying
body-guard that had accompanisd us.
"You run on to her and tell her that
if she'll show me the house where that
baby lives I'll give her. this pin."
He sped on ahead and parleyed with
Kit; and while they talked I held aloft
the.llttle pin so that Kit might Bee the
price.
She hesitated so long that I faar«d
THE/ SAN FRANCISCO: SUNDAY; CALIl
IN THE BISHOP'S CARRIAGE
2Oh, Mas. it's such fun to be a woman
and have a man wait on you !ike tnat!
It's such fun to be hungrv und to sit
down to a Jolly little tabl? Just big
enough for two, with carnations nod
dinr In the tall slim vase, with a fat,
eoft-footed. qulck-handej waiter danc
ing behind you. and something tempt
<ce in every dish your eye falls on.
And then I caught sight of the car
riage. Yes, Maggie, the same fat, low,
comfortable, elegant, sober carriage,
wide and well-kept, with rubber-tired
wheels. And the two heavy horses, fat
and elegant and sober, too, and wide
and well-kept. I knew whose it was
the minute my eyes lighted on It, and
I couldn't — 1 just couldn't resist' it. ¦
The man on the box — still wide and
well-kept — was wide-awar.e this .time.
I nodded to him as 1 slipi ed in and
closed the door after me.
"I'll wait for the Bishop," I said,
with a red-coated assurance that left
him no alternative but to accept the
situation respectfully.
Oh, dear, dear! It -was soft and
warm inside as it had been that long,
lon»-ago day. The seat was wide and
roomy. The cushions had been done
over— I resented that— but though a
different material, they were a still
darker plum. And instead of "Quo
Vadls," the Bishop had been reading
"Resurrection."
I took it up and glanced over It as I
sat there; but, you know, Mag, the
heavyweight plays never appealed to
me. I don't go ln for the tragic — per
haps I saw too much of the real thing
when I was little.
At any rate, it seemed dull to me,
and I put It aside and sat there absent
mindedly dreaming of a' little girl-thief
that I knew once when — when the han
dle of the door turned and the Bishop
got In, and we were off.
Oh. the little Bishop— the contrast
between him and the fat, pompous
rig caught me. He seemed littler
and leaner than ever, his little
wh'ite beard scantier, his soft eye
kindlier and his soft heart—
"God bless my soul!" he exclaimed.
Jumping almost out of "Ms neat little
boots, while he looked sharply over his
spectables.
What did he see?, Just a red-coated
ghost dreaming in the corner of his
carriage. J£ made him doubt his eyes
—his sanity. I don't know what he'd
done If that warm red ghost hadn't
got tired of dreaming and laughed
outright.
"Daddy," I murmured sleepily.
Oh, that little ramrod of a bishop!
The blood rushed up under his clear,
thin, baby-like skin and he bat up
straight and solemn and awful— awful
as such a tiny bishop could be. ;
"I fear, Miss, you have made a mis
take," he said primly.
I looked at him steadily.
"You know I haven't," I said gently.
That took some of the starch out of
him, but he eyed me suspiciously.
"Why don't you ask me where I got
a difference, Bishop?" t pleaded.
"Don't I look like a— an imposing mar
ried woman now? Don't I seem a bit—
oh. just, a bit nicer?'"
His eyes twinkled as he bent to. look
more closely at me..
"You look— you look, my little girl,
exactly like the pretty, big-eyed,
wheedllng-volced child I wished tc have
for my own daughter."
I caught his hand in both of mine."
"Now, that's like my own, own.Bish
op!" I cried.
Mag— Mag, he 'was blushing like a
boyj a prim, rather scared little school
boy that somehow, yet — oh, I knew he
must feel kindly to me! I felt so fond
of him.
"You see. Bishop Van Wagenen," I
began softly, "I never had' a fatlier
and — "
"Bless me! But you told me that day
you had mistaken me for— for him."
The baby!' I had forgotten what that
old Kdward told me — that this trust
ing soul actually still believed all I'd
told him. What was I to do? I tell
you, Mag, It's no light thing to get ac
customed to telling the truth. Here
was I— just a clever little lie or two
and the dear old Bishop would be hap
py and* contented again. But no; that
fatal* habit' that I've acquired of tell
ing the truth to Fred and you mastered
me — and I fell.
"You know, Bishop." I said, shut
ting my eyes and 'speaking fast .to get
It over— as I. imagine you must, Mag,
when you confess to Father Phelan—
"that was all a— a little farce-comedy
—the whole business— all of it— every
last: word, of it!" .
. "A comedy!"
I opened my eyes to laugh at him;
he -was so bewildered. -, C;v'\?
"I mean a— a fib; In fact, many of
them. I— I was just— It was long ago
—and I had to make you believe—"
His soft old eyes looked at me un
believing. "You don't mean to say you
deliberately lied!"
Now, that was what ' I did mean
just what I did mean— but not in that
tone of voice.
But what could I do? I just looked
at him and nodded.
Oh. Maggie, I felt bo little and so
nasty! I haven't felt like that since
I left the Cruelty. And I'm not nasty,
Maggie, and I'm Fred Obermullcr's
wife, and —
And that put a backbone in me atjain.
Fred Obermuller's .wife just won't let
anybody think worse of her than she
can help^-from sheer, love and pride
In that big. clever husband of hers.
' "Now, look here. Bishop Van.Wag
enen." I broke out, "if I were the aban
doned little wretch your j eyes * accuse
That made him sit up and stare, I*
tell you. Even the Bishop had heard
of Nancy Olden. But suddenly, unac
countably, there came a queer, sad look
over his face, and his eyes wouldn't
meet mine.
1 looked at him, puzzled.
"You evidently forget that you have
already told me you are the wife of
Mr.— Mr. Ober— "
"Obe*-muller. Oh, that's all right." I
laughed aloud. I was so relieved. "Of
course I am, and he's my manager,
and my playwright, and my secretary,
and— my— my dear, dear boy. There!"
I wasn't laughing at the end of it. I
never can laugh when- I try to tell
What Fred is to me.
But— funny?— th a t won him. ....,.;.
"There! there!" he said, patting me
on the shoulder. "Forgive me. my
dear. I am indeed glid to know that
you are living happily. I have pften
thought of you—"
, "Oh, have you?"
"Yes— I have even told Mrs. Van.
Wagenen about you and how I was at-'
traded to you and believed — ahem!"-.
••¦oh— oh, have you!" I gave a wrig
gle as I remembered that Maltese. lace
Maria wanted and that I — ugh!
But, luckily, he didn't notice. He
had taken my hand and was looking at
me over his spectacles in his dear,
fatherly, old way. . --..V'V,
"Tell me now. my dear, is there any
thing that an old clergyman can do for
you? I have an engagement near here
and we may not meet again. I can't
hope to find you in my carriage many
more times. You are happy— you are
living worthily, child?, .Pa.don me, but
the stages — :"
Oh, the gentle courtesy of his man
ner! I loved his solicitude. : Father
hungry girls like us, Maggie, know how
to value a thins like that;
' "You know," I said slowly, "the
thing that keeps a woman straight and
a man faithful is not a matter of bricks
and mortar nor ways of thinking nor
habits of living. It's something finer
and stronger than these. It's the magic
'taboo of her love for him and his for
her that makes ' them— sacred. With
that to guard them— why— " >• ,,;-_,
"Yes, yes," he patted my hand softly.
"Still, the old see the dangers of an
environment' that a young and-impul-.
sive woman like you. my -dear, might
be blind to. Your associates— "
."My assr dates? Oh,, you've heard
about Beryl Bla'ckburn. Well — she's
—she's just \Beryl, you : know. She
w-asn't matfs to live any different. Some
people steal and some drink and some
gamble and some . • • * • Well. Beryl
b- longs to the last class. She doesn't
pretend to be better than she Is. And,
It's a gay, happy, easy world, Mag
gie darlin'. I vow I can't find a dark
corner in It— not to-day.
None but the swellest place In town
was good enough, Obermuller had said,
for us to celebrate in. Th3 waiters
looked queerly at us when we came In
—me in my dusty shoes ami mussed
hair and eld rig, and Mr. O. In his
working togs. But do you suppose we
c^red?
He was smoking and I was pretend
ing to eat fruit -.vcen at last I get
fairly launched on -ny story.
He listened to it all with n*v.*r a
word of Interruption. Sometimes I
thought he was bo interested that ho
couldn't bear to miss 't word I said.
And then again I fancied ha wasn't
listening at all to me; only watching
me and listening to something insMe
of himself.
Can you see him, Mag, sitting oppo
site me there at the pretty little table,
off ln a private room by ourselves?
He looked so big and strong and mas
terful, with his eyes half closed, watch
ing me, that I hugged myself with de
light to- think that I— I, Nancy Ollcn,
had done something for him he could
n't do for himself.
It made me so proud, so tipslly vain,
that as I leaned forward eagerly ta'k
ing, 1 felt that same intoxicating hap
piness I get on the stage when tho
audience is all with me, and the two
of us — myself and the many-handed,
go* -d-natured other fellow over on the
other side of the footlights — go career
ing off on a jaunt of fun and fancy, lika
two good playmates.
He was silent a minute when I got
through. Then he laid his clear aside
and stretched out his hand tome.
"And the reason, Nance — the reason
fc-r It all?"
I looked up at him. I'd never heard
him Bp«ak like that.
"The reason?" I repeated.
"Yes. the reason." He had caught
my hand.
"Why— to down that tiger Trust—
and beat Tausig."
He laughed.
"And that was all? Nonsense, Nance
Olden, there was another reason. There
are other tiger trusts. Are you going
to set up as a lady-errant and right all
syndicate wrongs? No, there was an
other, a bigger reason, Nance. I'm go
ing to tell it to you — what!"
I pulled my hand from his; but not
before that fat waiter who'd come in
without our noticing had got something
to grin about.
"Beg pardon, sir," he said. "This
message must be for you, sir. It's
marked immediate, and no one else^ — "
Obermuller took it and tore it open.
He smiled the oddest smile as he read
it and he threw back his head and
laughed a fuU. hearty bellow when ha
got to the end.
"Read it, Nance." he said, passing It
over to me. "They sent it on from the
office."
"Mr. Fred W. Obermuller, Manager
Vaudeville Theater, New York City,
N. Y.:
"Dear Obermuller — I have just learned
from your little protege, Nance Olden,
of a comedy you've written. From
what Miss Olden tells me of the plot
and situations of 'And the Greatest ot
These'— your title's great— I judge th«
thing to be something altogether ouf
of the ccnimon; and my secretary and
reader. Mr. Mason, agrees with me that,
properly Interpreted and perhaps
touched up here and there, the comedy
ought to make a hit.
"Would Miss Olden taKe the leading
role, I wonder?
"Can't you drop in this evening and
talk the matter over? There's an open
ing for a fellow like you with us that's
just developed within the past few
days, and— this is 'strictly confidential
— I have succeeded in convincing Braun
and Lowenthal that their enmity is a
foolish personal matter which busi
ness men shouldn't le^ stand in the
way of business. After all, just what
Is there between you and them? A
mere trifle; a misunderstanding that
half an hour's talk over a bottle of
wine with a good cigar would drive
away.
"If you're the man I take you for
you'll drop In this evening at the Van
TwIHer and bury the hatchet. They're
good fellows, those two. and smart
men, even if they are stubborn as sin.
"Counting on seeing you to-night, my
dear fellow, I am most cordially,
"I. M. TAUSIG."
I dropped the letter and looked over
at Obermuller.
Miss Olden," he said severely, com
ing over to my side of the table, "have
you the heart to harm a generous soul
like that?"
"He— he's very prompt. Isn't he, and
most — "
And then we laushed together.
"You notice the letter was marked
personal?" Obermuller said. He was
still standing beside me.
"No — was it?" I got up, too, and be
gan to pull on niy gloves; but my
fingers shook so I couldn't do a thing
with them.
"Oh, yes. It was. That's why I
showed It to you. ... Nance— Nance,
don't you see that there's only one
way out of this. There's only one
woman in the world that would do
this for me and that I could take it
from."
I clasped my hands helplessly. Oh,
what could I do, Maggie, with him
there and his arms ready for me!
"I— I should think you'd be afraid,"
I whispered. I didn't dare look at him.
He caught me to him then.
"Afraid you wouldn't care for an old
fellow like me?" he laughed. "Yes,
that's the only fear I had. But I lost
it, Nancy, Nancy Obermuller, when
you flung that paper down before me.
That's quite two hours ago — haven't
I waited long enough?"
• . • • • • •
Oh, Mag— Mag, how can I tell him?
Do you think he knows that I am go
ing to be good — good! that, I can be as
Rood for a good man who loves me as
I was bad for a bad man I loved!
XVIL
PHILADELPHIA, January 27.
Maggie, dear:
I'm writing to you Just before dinner
while I wait for Fred. He's down at
the box-office looking up advance sales.
I tell you, Maggie Monahan, we're
strictly in it— we Obermullers. That
Broadway hit of mine has preceded me
here and we've got the town, I suspect,
In advance.
But I'm not writing to tell you this.
I've got something more interesting to
tell you. my dear old Cruelty chum.
I want you to pretend to yourself
that you see me, Mag, as I came out of
the big Chestnut street store this after
noon, my arms full of bundles. I must
have, on that long coat to my heels,
of dark, warm red, silk-lined, with the
long, incurving back sweep and high
chinchilla collar, that Fred ordered
made for me the very day : w* w ere
"lt'3; Nance Clden,. ladies." he said,
with a dignified little wave of his hand
that served fo ran introduction. "She
beprins her Philadelphia engagement to
night in 'And the Greatest of These.' "
Oh, I'm used to it now, Maggie, but I
do net lik*e it. All the lady-swells buzz
ed about me, and there Nance stood
preening herself and crowing softly
till — till from among the bunch of mil
linery .or.e of them stepped up to me.
She had a big smooth face with plenty
of chins. Her hair was white and her
nose was curved and she rustled in
8l!k and—
It was Mrs. Dowager Diamonds, alias
Henrietta, alias Mrs. Edward Ramsay!
"Clever! My, how clever!" she ex
clalmtd, as though the sob ln my voice
that I couldn't control had been a bit of
acting. ' ' • ,
She was feeling for her glasses. When
she got them and hooked them on her
nose raid got a good look at me — why,
she . just dropped them with a smash
upon the desk.
I looked for a minute from her to the
Bishop.
"I remember you very well, Mrs.
Ramsay. I hope you haven't forgotten
me. I've often wanted to thank you
for your kindness," I said slowly, while
she as slowly recovered. "I think you'll
be glad to know that I am thoroughly
wp 11— cured. * • • Shall I. tell Mrs.
Ramsay how. Bishop?"
I put It square up to him. And he
mf t !t like the little man he i3 — per
haps, too. my bit of charity to the Cru
elty children had pleased him. -~p\
"1 don't think it will be necessary.
Miss Olden," he said, gently. "I can
do that for y6u «.t some future time."
And. I. could have hugged him; but I
didn't dare.
We had tea there in the board rooms.
Oh. Mag, remember how we used to
peep,tnto those awful, imposing board
rooms!. "Remember how strange and
resentful . you felt— like a poor little
"They're for the children. I want
them to have ; them all and now.
please, to do whatever they want with
them. There'll always oe others.
I'm going to. send them right along,
if you'll let me, so that those who
leave can take something of their very
own v.ith them— something that never
belonged to anybody else bat - just
themselves, you understand. It's terri
ble, don't you know, to be a deserted
child or a tortured chi/d cr a crippled
child and have nothing to do but sit
up In that bare, clean little room up-
Ftairs with a lot of other strangelinss
—and just think on the cruelty that's
brought you here and the cruelty you
may get into when you leave here. If
I'd had a doll— If- Mag had only had a
set of dishes or a little tin kitchen— if
the bey "with tho gouged eye could
have had a set of tools — oh, can't you
understand — " -
I became conscious then that the ma
tron — a. new one, Mag, ours is gone —
was staring at me. and that the. people
stood around listening as though I'd
gone mad.
Who came to my rescue? Why. the
Bishop, like the manly little fellow he
is, Ho forgave, me even Beryl in that
moment.- .
"Ah, here we are!" he said. "I must
ask you to excuse me, Miss— ah, Mrs.—
that Is— there's a publ'- meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children this afternoon that I must
attend. Good-by, then — "
"Oh, are you bound for the Cruelty,
"too?" I asked. "Why, so am I. And—
yes— yes— that's the Cruelty!"
The Cruelty stands just where it did,
Mag, when you and I nrst saw it; most
things do in Philadelphia, you know.
There's the" same prim.offlcial stralght
up-and-downness about the brick front.
The steps don't look so steep now and
the. building's not so high, perhaps be
cause of a sky-scraper or two that" re
gone up since. But it chills your
blood. Maggie, darlin'. Just as it always
did, to think what it stands for. Not
man's inhumanity to man, but women's
cruelty to children! Maggie, think of It.
if you can, as though this were the
first time you'd heard of such a thing!
Would you believe it? ;.¦
I waked from that to find myself
marching up the stairs behind the Uish
op's rigid little back. Oh. it. was stiff
and uncompromising: lieryl Black
burn did that for me. Poor, pretty, pa
gan Beryl!
My coming with the Bishop— we
seemed to come together, anyway —
made the people think he'd brought
me, so- I must be just all right. I
had the man bring in the toys I'd got
out in the carriage, and I handed them
over to the matron, saying:
Just between you and me, Bishop, I've
more respect for a girl of that kind
than for Grace Weston, whose husband
is my leading man, you know. Why,
she pulls the wool over his eyes and
makes him the laughing stock of the
company. I can't stand her any more
than I can Marie Avon, who's never
without two strings—"
All at once I stopped. But . wasVt
It like me to spoil it ail by bubbling
over? I tell you, Maggie, too much
truth isn't good for the Bishop's set;
they don't know how to digest it.
•I was afraid that I'd lost him, for he
spoke with a stately little primness
as the carriage just then came to a
stop; I had been so interested talking
that I hadn't noticed where we were
driving.
red-haired nigger up at the block —
when you were brought ln there to be
shown to the woman who'd called to
adopt you!
It was all so strange that I had to
keep talking to keep from dreaming.
I v.-aa talking away to the matron and
the Bishop 'about the play-room I'm
going to Ot up out of that bare little
place upstairs. Perhaps the same child
doesn't stay there very long, but
there'll always be children to fill it—
more's the cruel pity!
Then the IUshop and I climbed up
thereto see it and plan about It. But I
couldn't really see it, Mag, cor the poor,
white-faced, wise-eyed little waifs that
have succeeded us, for the tears in ray
eyes and the acho at my heart and the
queer trick the place ha.3'u£ beins peo
pled with you and me, and the boy
with the soused eye. and the cripple,
and the rest.
He put his gentle thin old arm about
my shoulders for a moment when ha
saw what was tho matter with me.
Oh, he understands, my Bishop! And
then we turned to jjo downstairs.
"Oh — I want — I want lo tlo something
for .them," 1 cried. "I want to do
something thiit counts, that's got a.
heart in it. that knows! You knew;
didn't yuo, it was true — what I said
downstair*,? 1 was— I am a Cruelty
girl. Help rr.e to lulp othVrs like me."
"My dear," he isaiu, very stately and
sweet. "I'll be yruud to b~* your assist
ant. You've a l;»r:u. true neaxt and — "
And j'j.5t at that minutV, as I was
. prectdinrj him down iht_- isisrrovv steps,
a girl in a red coat tTtmmed with chin
chilla and in j. led tutiue with some of
the same fur blocked our v.uy as sha
i\a.« ccmins up
We Iookcj s.l each other. You've seen
tr.-«> peacock's spread thtir tails and
strut cs tbtj i>i-.i.s each other? Well,
the peacock cumins cp wasn't in it with
tho »>.io soin? down. Her coat wasn't
so fine, nor so iicavy, cor so newly,
snraitty cut. Her toque wasn't so big
no»- so saucy, and the fur on it — not to
mention that the descending peacoclc
was a brunette anU * • * v.cll. Ma£,
I had my day. Mis* Evelyn Kinsdon
paid me back in that r.iir.ut ; for all the
tcvy I've ' .-pe-nt on that pretty ris of
h€rs.
She didn't recognize me, of course,
even though th? two red cuata were so
near, as she stoppe-d to let me pass, that
they kissed like tre tli^y parted.
Cut. TJae. Nancy Ulden n.-ver got
haughty that thtre wasn't a fall wait
,in?r for hi*r. Hack cf iliss Kingdon
stood Mrs. Kin^don— still Mrs. Kins
don. thanks to Nance Olden — and be
hind her. at the foot of the steps, was
a frail little old-fashioned bundle of
black satin and old lace. I lost my
breath when tho Bishop hailed hl3
"Marip." ho said— sorne men say their
wives' Crst names all the years of their
•lives as they said thsm on their wed
ding day— "I want you to meet Miss
Olden — Nance Olden, the comedian.
She's the girl I wanted for my daugh
ter — you'll remember, it's more than a
year ago now since I began to talk
about her?"
I held my breath while I waited for
her answer. But her poor, short-sight
ed eyes rested on my hot face without
a sign.
¦ "It's an old joke among us.** she said
pleasantly, "about the Bishop's daugh-
We stood there and chatter, and th»
Bishop turned away to speak to Mrs.
• Kingdon. Then I seized my chance.
"I've heard, Mrs. Van Wasenen," I
said softly and oh. as nicely as I could,
"of your fondness for lace. We are go
ing abroad In the. spring; my husband
and T. to Malta, amonsr other places.
Can't I get you a piece there as a sou
venir of the Bishop's kindness to me?"
Her 'little lace-mittened, parchment
like hands clasped and unclasped with
an almost childish eagerness.
"Oh, thank you, thank you very
much; but if you would give the sams
sum to charity — "
"I will," I laughed. She couldn't
guess how glad I wa3 to do this thlngr.
"And I'll spend just as much on your
lace and ba so happy If you'll accept
it."
I promised Henrietta a box for to
niarht, Maggio. and one to Mrs. Klnjr
don. The Dowager told «n* she'd lov»
to come, though her husband 13 out of
town, unfortunately, she said.
"But you'll come with me, won't yon,
Elshop?" she said, turning to him, "And
you, Mrs. Van?"
The Bishop blushed. Was h» think
ing of Beryl, I wonder. But I didn't
hear his answer, for It was at that
moment that I caught Fred's volca.
He had tc-ld me he was going to call
for me. I think he fancied that th«
old Cruelty would depress me— as
dreams of it have, you know; and ha
wanted to come and carry me- away
from it. just a3 at nlcrht, when Tve
waked shivering and moaning, I've felt
his dear arms lifting" me out of th«
black night-memory of It.
But It w-as anything but a doleful
Nanc? he found and hurried down th»
snowy steps out to a hansom and off
to rehearsal. For the Blshcp had said
to me, "God bless you. child," when ha
shooks hands with both of us at part-
Ing, and the very Cruelty seemed t»
smile a giim benediction, as we drove
off together, on Fred and
NANCT O.
she'd Blip through my hands, but a
sudden rival voice piping out, 'Til
fc!jow ye the house. Missus," was too
much for her.
So, with Kit at a safe distance ln
advance to guard against treachery,
srid a large and enthusiastic following,
I crossed the street, turned a corner,
walked down one block and half up
r.noiher. end halted before a three
ttory brownstone.
I flew up the stairs, leaving my
escort behind, and rang the belL It
wasn't so terribly swagger a place,
which relieved me some.
•I want to see the lady whose baby
was lest this morning," I said to the
maid that opened the door.
"Yes'm. Who'll I tell her?"
Who? That stumped me. Not Nance
Olden, late of the Vaudeville, later of
the Van Twiller. and latest of the
police station. No— not Nance Olden
* * *
•Tell her. please," I said firmly,
"that I'm Miss Murieson of the X-Ttay,
and that the city editor has sent me
he-re to see her."
That did it. Hooray for the power
of the press! She showed me into a
long parlor and I 6at down and waited.
It was cool and quiet and softly pret
ty in that long parlor. The shades
were down, the piano was c-pen, the
chairs were low and softly cushioned.
1 leaned back and closed my eyes, ex
haustec.
And suddenly— Mag! — I felt some
thing that was a cress between a rose
leaf and a tnonflake touch my hand.
If Jt wasn't that delectable baby!
I caucht her and« lifted her to my
lap and hugged the chuckling thing as
though that was what I came for.
Then, ln a moment, I remembered the
paper ar.d lifhted her little white slip.
It was gone, Mag. The under-petti
coat hadn't a sign of the paper I'd
pinned to it.
My head whirled in that minute. I
suppose I was faint with the heat, with
hunger and fatigue and worry, but I
felt myself slipping cut of things when
1 heard the rustling of skirts, and there
before me 6tood the motner of my
baby.
The little wretch! She deserted me
and new to that pretty mother of hers
in her long, cool white trailing things,
and sat in her arms and mocked at
me.
It was easy enough to begin talking.
S told hT a tale about being a news
paper woman cut on a story; how I'd
run across the baby and all the rest of
it.
•I r^'jst ask your pardon," I finished
up. "for disturbing you, but two things
gpnt me here — one to know if the baby
got home safe, and the other," I
gulped, "to ask about a paper with
some notes that I'd pinned to her
skirt."
She shook her head.
It was in that very minute that I no
ticed the baby's ribbons were pink;
they had been blue in the morning.
"Of course," I suggested, "you've had
her clothes changed and — "
-Why, yes, of course," said baby's
mother. "The first thing I did when
I sot hold of her was t<j strip her and
put her in a tub; the second, was to
discharge that gossiping nurse for let
tins her out of her sight."
"And. the soiled things she had on—
the dress with the blue ribbons?"
"I'll find out," she said.
She rarg for the maid and gave her
an order.
"Was it a valuable paper?" she
asked.
"Not— very." I stammered. My
tongue was thick with hope and dread.
"Just — my notes, you know, but I do
need thssa. I couldn't carry the baby
easily, bo I pinned them on her skirt,
thlnkiiir-thinklns— "
The maid came in and dumped a lit
tle heap of white before me. I fell on
my knee*.
Oh. yea, I prayed all right, but I
•earched, too. And there it was.
What I aaid to that woman I don't
know evea now. I flew out through
the hall asd down the steps and —
And there Kitty Wilson corralled me.
"Eay, where'a that stickpin?" she
cried.
"Her*:— here, you darling!" I said,
pressing It into her hand. "Asd, Kitty,
wherever you feel like swiping another
purse — just don't do it- It doesn't pay.
Just you come down to the Vaudeville
and ask for Nance Olden soroe day,
asd 1*11 tell you why."
"Gee!" said Kitty, Impressed. "Shall
— shall I call ye a hansom, lady?"
Should shel The blessed inspiration
cf her!
I (ot into the wagon asd we drove
down street— t© the Vaudeville.
I burst in past the stage doorkeeper,
amazed to see me, and rushed Into
Fred Obermuller's efflce.
"There!** I cried, throwing that awful
paper oa the desk before him. "Now
cinch 'em, Fred Obermuller, as they
cinched you. It'll be the holiest black
mail that ever— oh, aad will you pay
for the hansom?"
I don't remember much about the
first part of the lunch. I was so hun
gry I w anted to eat everything ln sight,
and eo happy that I couldn't eat a
thins*
But Mr. O. kept piling the things on
my plate, and each time I began to
talk he'd say: "Not now— wait till
you're rested, and not quite so fam
ished."
I laughed.
•'Do I eat as though I was starved?"
"You— you look tired, Nance."
"Well." I said slowly, "it's been a
hard week."
"It's been hard for m», too; harder.
I think, than for you. It wasn't fair
to me to let me — think what I did and
say what I did. I'm so sorry, Nance —
and ashamed. So ashamed! You
might have told me."
"And have you put your Toot down
on the whole thing; not much!"
He laughed. He's got tu'ja boyish
laugh ln eplte of his chin and his eye
£l2.&ses and the bigness of him. lie
filled my glass for me and he'peJ me
again to- the salad.
married. I must be wearing that Jolly
little, red-cloth toque caught upjjn the
side with some 'of the fur.
Oh, yes, I knew I was more than a
year behind the times when I got them,
but a successful actress wears what
she pleases, and the rest of the world
wears what pleases her, too.- Besides,
fashions don't mean so much to you
when your husband tells you how be
coming—but this has nothing to do
with the Bishop.
Yes, the Bishop, Mag!
I had just said, "Nance Olden — " To
myself I still speak to me as Nancy
Olden; it's good for me, Mag; keeps
me humble and for ever grateful that
I'm. so happy. "Nance, you'll never be
able to carry all these things' and lift
your buful train, too. And there's
never a hansom round when it's snow
ing and—"
the coat. Bishop Van Wagenen?'* I
said, leaning over to him.
He stared. I suppose he'd Just that
moment remembered my leaving it be
hind that day at Mrs. Ramsay's.
"Lord bless me!" he cried anxiously.
"You haven't— you haven't again — "
"No, I haven't." Ah, Maggie, dear, It
was worth a lot to me to be able to say
that "no" to him. "It was given to me.
Guess who gave it to me."
Maggie Monahan, he didn't even
blink. Perhaps in the Bishop's set hus
bands are not uncommon, or very likely
they don't know what a husband like
Fred Obermuller means. v ,
"I congratulate you, my child, or — or
did it— were you— "
"Why, I'd never seen Fred Ober
muller then," I cried. "Can't you tell
me of being I wouldn't be in your car
riage confessing to you this blessed
minute when it'd be so much easier not
to: Surely— surely, in your* experience
you must have met girls that go wrong
—and then go right for ever and ever.
Amen. And I'm very right now. But
—but it has been hard for me at times.
And at those times— ah, you must know
how sincerely I mean it— at those times
I used to try to recall the sound of
your voice, when you said you'd like
to take me home with you and keep me.
If I had been your daughter you'd have
had a heart full of loving care for me.
And yet, if I had been, and had known
that ' benevolent fatherhood, I should
need it less — so much less than I did
the day I begged a prayer from you.
• " ¦ • • But— it's all right now. You
don't know — do you?— I'm Nance Ol
den."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
3
JOE ROSENBERG'S. J JOE ROSEXBERG'S.
I The 0. Z, Improved i
I DETACHABLE DRESS AND CORSET SHIELD, I
0 - ¦ P$^&''sifoip&Sei&:~" 1 ''' ''¦'*' '"" ' •'¦'*¦ "' " "'"•S^^- 1 s ' * "^ ow used with increasing o
g Ip^^^^s^^^^^^f^ti favor by thousands of la- S
§ '*/£m^$£m9kK f ! dkN ln a11 of lhe St;>t/V5i of '•
?' ;:^^^^Sf^i the Union » -to a complete $
« ". ' ?^^^S^^'^^P^^' '!lSS&ffiL^^W^'$ garment, as easily put on £
R • IWJ3K^' ¦^^Tw^^\ i^^^^ -*^^^Ji x aS a corset and ' vn en <
S' j'Mb- ' : *;jL''' <: >i&Spi£j&fL \ i^J^i ¦ '¦¦'¦ ' ¦ > *£v •*' " hlpcvcs from per?piro.tion. V
'»" I^^^^^^^^^^^i^^^^^^^^^ ¦ - than dress shields, betas £
¦'« |5^^^^^!^^te^ >^^«^^ii: always ready to wear with g
S &£i*;^^ir :^^^ ;: '-- :^l^-X^ i -^^ : .'^.^j nn y delicate silk waist, !~
S tea sown, etc. When worn S
X with wash. fabric will help greatly to save laundry bills. Covered O
<S.. with nainsook, interlined with vegetable substance which is odorless §
g and washable. Will not irritate the most delicate skin. Kecom- g
JgY mended by Journal of Health and medical profession for Its purity, g
I I in r ROSENBERG]' 1
1 LlZr # % »*%#¦¦ The Homa cf Them S
I f^^I \Y*^ 816 Market Strest §
¦« : * IV -/V J 1 1 O'Farrell Street §.
jg -'AN FRANCISCO. ~,
S XZAXX, O^pTntu SOUCX'l'ilD. g(CopyrigKf, 1904, b'y McClure, Phillips & Co.)'
Q Q ¥ T'S no use," said Mr. Dooley. "I give it up."
I "What's that?" asked Mr. Hennessy.
I "I can't get away from him," Mr. Dooley went on. "I
A can't escape me frind Andhrew Carnaygie. I've avided him
successfully f'r many years. Th' bookless libry an' th'
thoughtless univarsity nivcr touched me. I'm not enough iv a bru
nette to share anything he done f'r Booker Washin'ton. Up to
now, he's been unable to land on me anywhere. But he's got me
at last. He's r-run me to earth. I throw up me hands. Come on,
Andhrew, an' paint ye'er illusthrees name on me. Stencil me with"
that gloryous name."
"What ar-rre ye talkin' about?" asked Mr. Hennessy.
"What are-re ye talkin' about," said Mr. Dooley. "He has put
aside five millyon dollars or it may be fifty, but anyhow more thin
there is in me sugar bowl, to buy medals f'r hayroes in th' daily
walks iv life — sogers, polismen an' invistors in steel common bar
red. Suppose wan day ye and I ar-re walkin home fr'm a pic
nic and ye thrip ye'ersclf into th' waters of th' Illinye
an' Michigan canal. I cannot see me frind dhrown, an' be
sides, Hinnissy, I'd hate to lose ye as a sparrin' partner. A man
can on'y talk good to his infeeryors an' ye're a great stimylant to
convarsation. So I'll take off me hat an' coat an' vest, hang thim
on a three, pull off me Congress gaiters an' lay thim in th' grass,
hang me cravat on th fince, offer tip s stiorf prayer an* lay down
on th' bank an' pull ye out. I grumble at ye f'r ye'r careless
ness and ye want to fight me f'r being so rough in sav
in' ye'er life whin ye cud have waded out without help, on'
I break th' sthrap iv me gaiters pullin' thim on, an' we go home
quarrelin' an' jawin' an' ye'er wife thinks I pushed ye in. But
th' talk gets ar-round th' neighborhood an' wan day a comity
steps^into me place, headed be a little dumpling iv a man, an'
wan iv thim pins me hands while Andhrew Carnaygie nails on
me chist a medal all in goold, with this inscription— here it is—
that Father Kelly wrote out f'r me:
To Martin Dooley, Hayro,
This Medal Is Prisinted By
ANDHREW CARNAYGIE
Dulcy Et Decorum Est Pro Carnaygrie
. To Spoil Ye'er Sunday Clothes.
"I'll be so mad, I'll throw ye in again, ( but that won't help
mathers. I'm a hayro f'r good an' all. I'm f'river doomed to be
a sandwich man an' parade th' sthreets advartisin' th' gin'rosity
an' noble charackter iv Andhrew Carnaygie. 'If ye want phil
anthrophy go to Carnaygie's. Largest assortment iv canned
charity in th' wurruld. Save a\ life an' get a medal.'
"Iv coorsc, I won't ,be good f'r annything else. I'll have to
sell out th' liquor store. What's a hayro doin', pushin' bottles
acrost a bar an' mendin' a refracthry beer pump? I'll quit
wurruk f'r good an' hang ar-round a livery stable pitchin' horse
shoes. They'se nawthin' a hayro with a medal can do f'r a
livin' that ain't beneath him. Wanst a hayro, always a hayro.
After awhile I'll be lurkin' in th' corner iv th' bridge an' pushin'
me frinds into th' river an' haulin' thim out f'r a medal. I'll be
come an habichool Carnaygie hayro an' good f'r nawthin' else.
No, me frind, don't iver fall into th' canal whin I'm ar-round. I
might be lookin' th' other way.
"An' think iv th' position ye ar-re in all this time, th' man
who's life I've saved. Nawthin' cud be lower. Ye'er raymim
bered f'river as a foolish person that cudden't swim an' was
'dhragged fr'm a wathry grave be th' owner iv th' Carnaygie
medal. Ye'er wife despises ye because ye had to have ye'er life
aaved. She was always sure that if she iver fell into th' wather,
ye'er sthrong arm an' risolute heart wud riscue her an* lo an' he
hold 1 whin ye tumble in ye'ersilf, ye have to be rescued be a
Btout gintleman in the liquor business. Ye'er little boys an' girls
have to bring prisirits around to me on me birthday. Ye have
to lind me money whin I want it an' if ye complain people call
ye an ingrate. Befure ye die, ye'll wisht ye'd pulled me into th'
canal with ye.
"I wanst knowed a la-ad that was more or less riscued fr'm
a wathry grave be a tailor be th' name'iv Muggins. He took th'
la'ad be th' ar-rms an' walked ashore with him. Well, tt/
ag'nized parents, not wantin' to appear stingy befure th' neigh
bors, prisinted Muggins with a goold watch an' Muggins become
a hayro. Th' la-ad didn't think much iv it. He'd have done th'
same f'r Muggins. But afther awhile he found that Muggins was
chained to him f'r life. As a boy, he was spoken iv as th' fellow
that had his life saved by Muggins th' tailor. As he grew older
he was still Muggins' boy. Muggins wasn't much to look at, betn'
a little, bow-legged man, but afther he become a hayro, he acted
th' part. Me young frind cudden't get away fr'm him. If he was
playin' baseball in th' corner lot, Muggins was lanin' over th'
fence with an' indulgent smile. Whin he grajated with honors at
th' Brothers School, Muggins set in th' front seat with a look iv
fond attintion on his face. Whin th' Brother Supeeryor handed
out th' first prize, he remarked that it gave him great pleasure
to reward th' ability an' larnin' iv this young man in th' prisince
iv th' hayro to whom he owed his life. It was th' same in after
years. He become a lawyer an' Muggins niver missed a day in
coort. Th' lawyer f'r th' opposition always managed to appeal to
his finer feclin's in th"prisince iv th' man to whom he owed his
life. If it was a suit over a pair iv pants, me frind always lost it.
He niver wud take a case agin a tailor f'r th' jury wud always
vote against him. In pollyticks he thried to succeed but Mug
gins hung on to him. Whin th' chairman iv th' meetin' arose, he
invaryably began: 'Ladies an' gintleman, befure inthrojoocin' th'
speaker iv th' avenin', I want to presint to ye th' man to whom
he owes his life an' who is here on th' platform to-night, Misther
Alphonso Muggins.' Me frind was always supposed to put his
handkerchief to his eyes at these wurruds an' with' falthrin' step
escoort him to th' front. Wan night he tol' me he give Muggins
a kick. He said he cudden't help it. Th' timptation was too
sthrong f'r human endurance. Muggins didn't mind it. He niver
minded annything. He was a hayro.
"Afther awhile he took to dhrink. Habichool hayroes always
do, an' whin in dhrink he was melancholy or quarrelsome, as
dhrunk men an' hayroes sometimes ar-re. Clancy wud be settin'
quitely in a cafe with some friends whin Muggins wud blow in
an' set, down with his hat over his eyes. Th' frind wud have
to inthrajooce him with a catch in, his voice an' a tear in his eyes.
'Boys,' he'd say, 'I want to inthrajooce ye to Alphonse Muggins.
Gawd, bless him, boys, he saved me life.' 'Is that so ?' says wan
iv his companyons. 'Ye betcher life it is,' says Muggins. 'Did
I save his life? Well, ask him. Ye ask him if I did save his life.
Ye just ask him. If he don't lie about it, he'll tell ye who saved
his life. Did I leap into th' ragin' flood an' riscue him at th' risk
iv me life? Maybe I did. Maybe it was a man in Milwaukee
that done that. Looky here. Look at this clock, I got fr'm his
folks, if ye don't believe me. An' what's he done f'r me ? Tell me
that, will ye? Who am I? I'm nothin'. I'm Muggins th' tailor.
An' what's he? Look at him, will ye, with his dimon' pin an' his
plug hat so gay. An' where'd he be if it wasn't for me? But it's
all right, boys. It's all right. Life is a cur'ous place an' grati
chood is a thing unknown.' An' he wud weep an' go to sleep.
Sometimes he wud fight. He punched Clancy two or three times
on account iv his ingratichood. Clancy had to support him an'
bail him out an' get th' clock out iv th' pawnshop ivry Saturday
night. But an end comes to all things. Hayroes don't live long.
They can't th' way they live. An' wan day Muggins wint th f
way iv all our kind, proud an' simple, coward an' brave man,
hayroes an' hayro worshipper. Th' pa-apers had an account iv
his fun'ral. 'Among th' mourners none was more affected thin
Congressman Clancy, whose life, near forty years ago, this hum
ble hayro had saved fr'm a wathry doom in Lake Michigan/ Th'
rayporthers didn't obsarve that Clancy tamped th' grave with his
foot to make sure it was solid. He wint home with a light heart,
an' says to his wife : 'Mother, to-day I begin me rale career. We'
burrid Muggins.' 'But .Cornelius,' says th' good woman, 'ye owed
him ye'er life.' 'P'rapsf,' says Clancy, 'but,' he says, 'he took it
"No, sir, Hinnissy, if ye see me in disthress kindly call f'r
profissyonal help. I'll be riscued be a fireman or a polisman be
cause it's all in their day's wurruk, but amachoor hayroes is a
danger whin they're riscuin' ye an' a worry iver afther. If I
owe me life to annywan let it be to a man who won't thry to
collect it. Annyhow, what is hayroism? If a man stops a run
away team that is dhraggin' an empty milk wagon into a ditch,
he's not a hayro. He's a fool. Th' line is lightly dhrawn anny
how. A hayro is often a succissful fool an' a fool is an unsuc
cessful hayro. I've heard Andhrew Carnaygie called a hayro but
I don't believe it. If he was he wudden t be givin' medals f'r
hayroism. If he was a profissyonal swimmer, he wudden't think
annything iv savin' people fr'm dhrownin'. If he was a fireman
he'd think nawthin' iv carryin' a man down th' fire-escape iv a
burnin' buildin'. If he was a stable boy, he'd find that he'd have
to catch runaway horses or lose his job. I wudden't hesitate to
go down a laddher on ye'er shouldhers but if ye thried to save
me fr'm dhrownin' I'd scream f'r help. What wud I be doin'
thryin' to stop a runaway team? But if ye fell through my coal
hole into me cellar, I'd organize an hayroic riscue. I know th f
way. Hayroes ought to know th' way to be safe. If they do
they don't need anny medals. If they don't, they'd betther turn
"There are hayroes an' hayroes. We're all hayroes more
or less. Ye're a hayro ye'ersilf, towin' those tired feet afther ye
ivry mornin' whin th' whistle blows. An' be hivens, if ye'er wife
had a medal f'r ivry act iv hayroism she's performed, she'd have
as manny now as Sousa. Hayroes in th' humble walks iv life,
says he? Well, there's enough iv thim to break him if he gives
each wan iv thim th' on'y kind iv medals they need, th' kind th*
govermint foundhry makes with an eagle on th' back."
"Well, annyhow, he's a very gin'rous man an' he 'desarves
iVrybody's gratichood," said Mr. Hennessy.
"Oh, as for that," said Mr. Dooley, "what good wud my lit
tle gratichood do him? He'll get gratichood enough. He tends
to that himself."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
MR. DOOLEY ON
MR. CARNEGIE'S HERO FUND
4THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
RIDDLE OF THE SERVANT GIRL
I AM glad to see, Mrs. Wilkins," I said, "that tfie Wom
en's Domestic Guild of America has succeeded in solv
ing the servant girl problem — none too soon, one might
say." "Ah," said Mrs. Wilkins, as she took the cover off
the bacon and gave an extra polish to the mustard pot
with her apron, "they are clever people over there. Leastways
so I have always heard." "This, their latest, Mrs. Wilkins," I
said, "I am inclined to regard as their greatest triumph. My
hope is that the Women's Domestic Guild of America, when it
has finished with the United States and Canada, will perhaps
see its way to establishing a branch in England. There are
ladies of my acquaintance who would welcome, I feel sure, any
really satisfactory solution of the problem." "Well, good luck
to it is all I say," responded Mrs. Wilkins, "and if it makes all
the gals contented with their places and all the mistresses satis
fied with what they've got and 'appy in their minds, why, God
bless it!" "The mistake hitherto," I said, "from what I read,
appears to have been that the right servant was not sent to the
right place. What the Women's Domestic Guild of America
proposes to do is to find the right servant for the right place.
You see the difference, don't you, Mrs. Wilkins?" "That's the
secret 1" agreed Mrs. Wilkins. "They don't anticipate any dif
ficulty in getting that right sort' of gal, I. take it?" "I father
not, Mrs. Wilkins," I replied. "There must be plenty of girls of
the right sort."
Mrs. Wilkins is of a pessimistic turn of mind, as I think" I
have before stated. . "I am not so sure about that," she saidj
"the Almighty don*t seem to 'ave made too many of that sort.
Unless these American ladies that you speak of are going to
start a factory of their own I am afraid there is disappointment
in store for them." "Don't throw cold water on the idea before
it is fairly started, Mrs. Wilkins," I pleaded. "Well/sir," said
Mrs. Wilkins, "I 'ave been a gal myself in service, and in my
time I've 'ad a few mistresses of my own, and I've 'eard a good
deal about others. There are ladies and ladies, as you may
know, sir, and some of them, if they aren't exactly angels, are
about as near to it as can be looked for in this climate, and they
are not the ones that do most of the complaining. But as for
the average mistress — well, it ain't a gal she wants; it's a plaster
image, without any' natural innards— a sort of thing as ain't
'uman and ain't to be found in 'uman nature. And then she'd
grumble at it if it didn't 'appen to be able to be in two places
at once." "You fear that the standard for that 'right girl' is likely
to be set a trifle too high, Mrs. Wilkins," I suggested. "That
right gal, according to the notions of some of 'cm, retorted Mrs.
Wilkins, "'er place ain't down 'ere among us mere mortals ; 'er
place is up in 'caven with a 'an> and a golden crown I"
"But how is it," I argued,, "that in hotels, for instance,
the service is excellent, and the girls, generally speaking, seem
contented? The work is hard and the wages not much better,
if as good."
"Ah," said Mrs. Wilkins, "you 'ave 'it the right nail on the
'ead there, sir. They go into the hotels and work like niggers,
knowing that if a single thing goes wrong they will be bully
ragged and sworn at- till they don't know whether they are
standing on their 'eads or their 'eels. But they 'ave their
hours; the gal" knows when 'er work is done, and when the
clock strikes she is a 'uman being once again."
"I see your point, Mrs. Wilkins," I said t "and, of course, in
a house where two or three servants were kept, some such
plan might easily be arranged. The girl who commenced work
one month at 6 o'clock in the morning might consider herself
free at 6 o'clock in the evening and be perfectly free. What
she- does "with herself, how she dresses herself, in her own time,
that is her affair. What church the clerk or the workman be
longs to, what company he keeps, is no concern of the firm.
The mistress who thinks it her duty to combine the roles of
employer and of maiden aunt is naturally resented. The next
month the girl would change her hours from 12 till 12, and her
fellow servant would enjoy the 6 a. m. to 6 p. m. shift. But how
do you propose to deal, Mrs. Wilkins, with the smaller menage,
that employs only one servant?"
"Well, sir," said Mrs. Wilkins, "it seems to me simple
enough. Ladies talk pretty about the dignity of labor and are
never tired of pointing out why gals should prefer domestic
service to all other kinds of work. Suppose they practice what
they preach. In the house where there's only the master and
the mistress, and say a couple of small children, let the lady
take her turn. After all, it's only her duty, same as the office
or the shop is the man's. Where, on the other hand, there are
biggish boys and gals about the place — well, it wouldn't do
them any 'arm to be taught to play a little less and to look
after themselves a little more. It's just arranging things-—
that's all that's wanted."
"You remind me of a family I once knew, Mrs. Wilkins, n
I said ; "it consisted of the usual father and mother and of five
sad, healthy girls. They kept two servants — or, rather, they;
never kept any servants; they lived always looking for ser
vants, breaking their hearts over servants, packing servants off
at a moment's notice, standing disconsolately looking after ser
vants who had packed themselves off at a moment's notice,
wondering generally what the world was coming to. It oc
curred to me at the time that, without much trouble, they
could have lived a peaceful life without servants. The eldest
girl was learning painting and seemed unable to learn any
thing else. It was poor sort of painting; she noticed it herself.
But she seemed to think that, if she talked a lot about it and
thought of nothing else, that somehow it would all come right.
The second girl played the violin. She played it from early
morning till late evening, and friends fell away from them.
There wasn't a spark of talent in the family, but they all had a
notion that a vague longing to be admired was just the same
as genius. Another daughter fancied she would like to be an
actress and screamed all day in the attic The fourth wrote
poetry on a typewriter and wondered why nobody seemed to
want it ; while the fifth one suffered from a weird belief that
smearing wood with a redhot sort of poker was a thing worth
doing for its own sake. All of them seemed willing enough to
work, provided only that it was work of no use to any living
soul. With a little sense and the occasional assistance of a
charwoman they could have led a merrier life."
"If I was giving away secrets," said Mrs. Wilkins, "I'd
say to the mistresses, 'Show yourselves able to be independent/
It's because the gals know that the mistress can't do without
them that they sometimes give themselves airs."
Copyright, 1904, by the Central Ntwi and Press Exchange.
5Storiette
to the hitching strap. '
j "Christopher!, Don't be silly!" she,
started -on encouragingly.' ' : '
. Snorting, , puffing, placing , one foot
carefully before the other, he fol
lowed: Across' the little stream, up the
bank, and on to, the sandy road again,
she. held the-.strap taut. ,
"It's*, pretty' v/et, 1 Christopher," as
-he. grave a mighty shake and -thrashed
his tail , about, "only your old patent
leathers won't be ruined." She looked
ruefully down at;her soaking feet. She
i shook,- the ruffles of .• her diminutive
skirt. "Wouldn't Aunt Pendleton have
a"flf? • Gracious!'.'; > " - •
(She looked .up just in time. to catch
-the end of ah amused, glance from
the blue' eyes of a : young fellow in
•gray golf lB hirt,' who was walking lels
, urely away, with his head turned in
the'directlon of the red tiles. < He had
wonderful red hair.
She turned and scrambled precipi
tately into the cart. Picking up the
linen she- said in a subdued whisper: —
-."Dear, me, Christopher, this ' isn't
Wyoming,, is it?" '
¦ The wacon turnout with its flushed
occupant disappeared down the road
toward . the . red - roofs in a cloud of
dust. *": ... ;•
. "She is such a foolish child, and yet
I can't believe anything has happened
' to 'her."" She' Is 'so' used to taking care of
herself. . I do wish she were a little less
self-sufflcient." ¦ Miss Pendleton's voice
was plaintive.-- > .
... Bhe and Guy. Randolph Wetmore wex»
OH, I won't like him. I hate
recommended people." • : -ptt •
"But, Jo." Miss Penc^eton
put her head out of the : car
window and nodded at the handsome
girl in the smart turnout, "a Govern
or's son and red hair!" she coaxed.
"Not the Prince of Pilsen and Ru
dolph Rassendyl. I've heard nothing
but Guy Wetmore for three weeks and
I'm sick of him— a pink. of perfection,
a prig who wears nose glasses. | I'll put
him through his paces." She gathered
up the lines.
"Now, Jo, don't get into any of your
Western: pranks. This isn't Wyoming,
you know, and we really want you to
like each other."
"We're, not going that way," she
said, bringing the horse up short at a
cross road. "You're just like the rest
of these poky people, Christopher— you
move 'along in the same old rut. Just
because ¦ you • came down that • road to
the station doesn't argue that you are
going back. I mean to go down this
Vay and sec what's doing." -Wherewith
she turned the equipage, and down the
road in the hot sun they went In the
opposite direction.
Away they sped from the big coun
try house, where a straggling house
party was'trying to keep itself amused
till the lion of the hour should appear
and proceed to fall In love with the
hostess' niece, Jo Pendleton.
" Wh*n'» /.tie bridge* . : Christopher ?
part of a searching party instituted for
the recovery of Miss Joanna Pendleton,
lately disappeared from her aunt's es
tate. It was sundown, and they strolled
along the river bank peering, one anx
iously the other politely, into every
clump of overhanging bushes.- , :
"That she should have taken this day
of all others to behave unseemly
grieves me. I wanted her to make a
good impression." Miss Pendleton pat
ted the young man's arm. "The two
families have been so closely connected
in friendship, I hoped—"
• "Take care, aunt. You're comin'
through."
"Oh!" Miss Pendleton started back
¦with a little scream. "Where?"
."Thinice," commented the voice from
below.
."But— but .where have, you been, Jo?
Are you all right?" 'quavered Miss Pen
dleton, 1 peering through the shrubbery
at the girl, sleeves rolled above her el
bows, sitting- in the bow of a boat
pulled ud to shore, j
"All here," came the answer.
"But I want you to come up. Jo, and
meet Mr. •Wetmore. We've been look
ing for you every place. You've given
us such a scare."
"Can't. I'm too busy." She finished
baiting her hook and cast out.
Miss Pendleton took the gray-garbed,
red-haired individual by the arm and
walked him around the bushes before
the girl. Her hat was lying in the bot
tom of the boat, and her brown hair,
"If you ever leak, Guy "Wet— Well,
me to Wyoming!" She looked ut> the
graveled path. "We dropped the fish
Just as we pulled them out. and I"m
'Miss Pendleton' for ten days. Remem
ber, that."
"I didn't think then that you -would
ever care to be. Wet-more." he
drawled. PBSf/dSGBI
piled high, gleamtd gold in the sun.
"Jo, this is Mr. Wetmore." she said
severely. % : S£:
The girl's eyes • were fixed on the
water at the point where the line
dipped in.
"Ssh, be still! I think .I've got a
bite," she said. "Oh, how do you do,
Mr. Wetmore?" she flashed a smile at
him. "Take this line, will you?"
He stepped down into the boat and
reached toward her. . Deftly she seized
the oars and pushed off from shore.
"There's a string of fish down here
that I couldn't pull in by myself." she
announced, as he sat down hard. And
the boat shot out Into the stream,
leaving Miss Pendleton amazed and
horrified on the -bank.
It was clear and cool and moonlieht
when the regular creak of the oarlock
floated over the stillness. A ! bisr. flat
boat, containing two people, moved
across the open and grated upon the
apron at the boathouse. Lights
streamed out the- windows of the bljr
house at the top of the sloping lawn.
He Bprang lightly out and helped her.
It took longer than was absolutely
necessary.
/'It „ Is : kind o* cool, Christopher,"
she rattled on, "though you've been" in
long enough to get used to it. : Come
on!" Walking around - to. the ;' head,
holding, to the shaft.' her skirt scarcely
dipping In '¦ the -water, she gave J a tug
Pins dropping on the leather cushions,
a ripping open of hooks, a rustle of silk,
and the natty brown golf skirt dropped
about her . feet. There was , a flash' of
little, patent leathers, a length" of "drop
stltch stocking,' a flirt of an abbreviated
and billowy .white: petticoat as she
vaulted over the wheel . and splashed
down into the water. -..¦•¦¦ - ••
But the ; horse, snorting viciously,' re
fused to budge. Forward, backward,
sidewise, it was all the 'same. . ;
"Well!" The whip went into its stock
emphatically. \ "You needn't think I am
going to sit out here in this creek' all
day. You ; will go across,' Christopher.
See •; if you don't." • i.rfi- ':¦.'¦ ¦ -, ¦;-,-.
Why, haven't you got a bridge here?,
Don't you have. bridges in the East?"
the girl's cool voice Inquired of 'the
inert horse pulled up beside a shallow,
sparkling, stream. ."There's the .house
over, there," pointing' the whip across
to a distant pile of red roof and. large
chlmneys\ ' • .... ,. ,;
: At the touch of .the whip the horse
plunged snorting into the swiftly flow
ing water, floundered on for a pace or
two and stopped, his legs braced, ears
down. ' • • • •
"Well, Christopher, if you aren't "a
fOOl!'* • .; . : -, ;;l.
GUY WETMORE'S FIND
By Rita HeUey
"Yes," assented the latter, : wonder-
Ing why he should be forced into his
friend's lie.- •
"How's that?" asked Tobyn, frown
ing a look Into the face of the com
placent Larraby.
"Well, neither owner is backing his
ard the bookmakers to do as his friend
had advised. "I can't win and I am
almost certain to lose a little."
He wondered why in the world lie
wasn't clever enough to think, of some
scheme to score over Grant and the
other fellows who were always putting
him onto dead things. The only thing
he could do would be to wring some
of their necks, but that would be bad
form. It meant showing that he had
lost his temper because he got a bit
the worst of it; that wouldn't be toler
ated in the Hundredth Hussars. Why
the deuce wasn't he clever enough to
score? By Jove, it was really aggra
vating. Then he backed Rocket for
1000. and felt that he was pretty well
back at the beginning again. How
ever, It was better than losing. He
didn't^'nind the money so much as the
known fact of his persistency in never
picking a winner.
He was in this irregular frame of
mind when Larraby spotted him.
"Here's sport," muttered the latter to
himself and he heliographed a friend,
Dixon, to Join him. "What have you
backed, Tobyn?" asked Larraby, solici
tously.
"Backed them both," answered the
Babe, laconically.
"Pegu, what else?" queried Larraby.
"Pegu be hanged! ' I haven't touched
that crock," he answered, with fln«
scorn in his voice. "I got on Amir
first, thanks to Grant, and then Lavel
assured me that he had no chance,
and I put a thou' on the Rocket, to
save the Amir money."
"Then you'll be Just. 2000 out," said
Larraby, solemnly; "2000 of her Majes
ty's rupees— won't he, Dixon?"
horse. I know for a fact, because I*va
been watching; and that means any
thing you like. Besides, Pegu can run
like a streak of blue lightning. He's
got " a lightweight on his back, and
he'll get away from them so far they'll
never catch him in this heavy going."
"Oh, lie's a Tair game," answered
Larraby lightly. "I like to see him
dropping his sovs about. I'll tell. this
down at the mess to-night — how the
Babe backed all the horses In a race
and expected to win."
The more Tobyn thought It over the
more it occurred to him that he ought
to back Pegu. If he didn't and the
latter won, by Jove, he'd have backed
two losers out of three runners. Great
Ramal they would laugh at him; he'd
never hear the last of it. Also he'd
lose 2000 — 1000 over each of the
horses. If he backed Pegu now he
could only lose 1000 — he must find the
winner, then, as Larraby had said.
And, of course, if Pegu -won, he'd win
20,000. He'd do it. So he had 1000
on "the outsider" at 20 to 1.
The bookmaker chuckled softly to
himself when he booked the bet.
"That's 1000 out of the fire," he said.
"The other two are running for each
other; this Is my profit." If the gods
would only send him a few more rich
young asses like the Babe, he'd soon
quit the game.
Then the true fun be gar, for it waa
really more comedy than race. Jockey
Blake rode Amir, and "Scotty** Lewis
was on Rocket. Now bear In mind that
Amir's owner had backed Rocket, and
Rocket's owner had backed Amir, and
that jockeys generally racive explicit
"You'll . think he'll win?" queried
Tobyn. .
"Win? Of course he will; he'll walk
in. Tou'd better put 1000 on him
and make a haul; he's 20 to 1. Have
a plunge. At any rate you'll have
backed the" three" of them, and must
get. a winner.
"What did you do that for?" asked
Dixon as they . turned away from
Tobyn. You know Pegru was only put
in to make, up the race." •
—and men said the betting mill would
be a big one. That was, between Amir
and ltocktt particularly. The "Raii
xvay Plate" was a mile on the flat, a
distance v. hirji suited both horses.
Pegru was supposed to lie down and roll
over after he had gone a half mile, for
that was his limit — five furlongs at the
Ktty outside. The terms of the race
called for three starters, and that was
really v. hy Pegu had been put in. He
was, as it were, a subsidized interest,
and being a forlorn runner a native
Jockey was thought good enough to
pilot him, and much cheaper. That's
what Henry, his owner, thought; so he
put up Abdul, little better than a sta
ble boy, who only knew enough to sit in
the saddle and let the horse use his
o« n discretion— which, after all, is not
such a very bad thing.
Before the race John, the owner of
Amir, took counsel with himself. It
* ould be a near thiijg between his
horse and Rocket — either might win.
He could not depend on Amir's win
ning, but he could upon Rocket's. In
fact, he quite convinced himself that
Rocket had much the better chance; so.
through a friend, he backed the other
man's horse heavily. It was a thor
oughly sound enterprise, based on ob
vious principles. But James was not so
sure arxnjt Rocket winning as was his
friend John. He had uneasy qualms
about the horse. What if Amir could
stay the mile — he was certainly faster
tha.n Rocket? It was too risky; he
Tx ould back the better horee. Amir. So
he sent a trusty henchman, who loaded
up the willing "bookies" with bets on
John's horse, AmJ*\ It was a generous
thing to do, this -tracking of each oth
er's horses; an unselfish thing; and
they hid their good under a bushel; did
not let the right hand know what the
left vas doing— said not a word to each
other. Of course, the result of this
steady plunge on the part of the own
ers caused Amir and Rocket to rule
close favorites in the betting. It was
.6 to 5 on — take your choice. Also be
cause of this and because he really
hadn't a ghost of a chance. Pegu glided
out in the betting until he was 20 to i.
This was a charming sort of arrange
ment for the Babe to wander up
against. He had a happy faculty of
finding intricate combinations of this
sort, and his supreme indifference to
results and complete faith in his own
ability usually run him hard and fast
on the sunken rock. When he asked a
friend what he should back the friend
blithely answered: "Amir-iiothing
e!se In it." That being so. he felt that
he must do something substantial; so
he had 1000 rupees on the horse. It
was an exhilarating start, and he
whistled cheerfully >as he walked
around to the front of the stand.
"You are happy." said Captain Lav el,
meeting him on the grass promenade, j
"Tee." answered Tobyn. "I've Just
backed the winner— that is. to be."
"What's the good thing?" asked
Lavcl.
"Amir; Grant says he can't lose."
"Now, look here," exclaimed Label,
half anirrily, "Grant's" an ass. Amir
hasn't a thousand-to-one chance. I
know him, for I used to own him. He
can't stay the distance; seven-eighths
is as far as he can get. He'll crack
up a furlong from home at the pace
Rocket'llset him.'.' - ,••;•,
He looked with angry compassion
into, the face of Tobyn, and the latter
drew the toe of his boot thoughtfully
acrqss the grass, making Maltese
crosses, as though he .would force his
thought into- some sort of shape.
Lavel's information had staggered him.
What the deuce did Grant mean . by
putting him onto a horse like that—
onto a dead one? Then he remembered
that Grant had taken a rise out of him
once or twice before. However, ~ evi
dently Lavel knew about the runners,
so he asked, "What shall I do?"
"Why, go back Rocket," advised the
captain. "Play to get even. Back him
for 1000 or enough to pay your losings
over Amir. I shouldn't do any more
on this sort of a race, if I were you,"
and he sauntered over to the marquee,
for all this talking made him dry.
"This Is no» «nd of a' fool's -game I"
WHEN* the other fellows in the
One Hundredth Hucsars be
stowed upon Harry Tobyn the
artless rame of •"Babe," they
considered that, vith full regard to his
exuberant innocence, they had let him
CovKTi with a prentle solicitude worthy
if the mess. If he had sulked about
it he would have sUnped right into
hard training for any trying condition
of affairs that might have awaited him
in a future stal?. But he had just the
most beautiful];' oiled temper that
e\er ran s>niooihl; - in any piece of
human mechanism. They drew him,
and mace- use cf him; they drove
ihoiera cut of the camp at Coco wan to
th? fife and drum of the Babes laugh
ter, a^.a t<t the laughter that came
from his exploit with an elephant. Tha
elephant had ideas, as elephants have,
and tu had Babe — sometimes. The re
sult was that men who were buried at
10 o'clock the next day laughed that
day. But this is a story of the Babe
snd three horses, not the elephant.
Bear in mind that Tobvn was in the
first flush of the glamour of life in
India. The ethics of betting, the
subtle uncertainty of racing the per
plexing art of knowing just what to
do at the right moment were all tum
bling in upon him with the cyclonic vio
lence of ii southwest monsoon. Ha
vould survive, of course — at least, ha
likely would; but in the meantime he
vas in a magic labyrinth of tortuous
experiences. But he had money, and
¦\Ve!i. the three horses were Amir,
RofeKet and Pegu. Not one of them be
longed to Tobyn: they belonged to men
who could almost do the "mango tree
trk-k." Their names were John, James
and Henry, as they say in the school
books, which will do very well for this
talc. They were all entered in the
'¦Railway Plate" — JHe horses, of course
Copyright, by S. S. McClure Company.)
"I'm ridin' 'cording to orders." an
swered Scotty sulkily. "Go on your
self."
"Did the old man order you to
throw the jtace away?" queried Blakft
petulantly wrenching at Amir's mouth.
"He told me not to throw It away
makln* the runnm' fer you."
While they wrangled their horses
jumped sideways, like a lady's palfrey,
because, their noses being pulled down
on their chests, Abdul was stealing
away into the distance like a soft,
gray shadow. Luckily for him. he
never looked back in any race so long
as he was ahead, but kept pegging
away, like a true native. All the time
he thought the sahibs were at his
heels, ready for a surging rush as they
swept Into "the straight." And Into
"the straight." and still no sign of the
sahibs. What if his mount should
win! Ha had put ten rupees on him
with the bookmakers. Tha odds, SO
to 1, had tempted him; besides, was It
not the horse he was going to ride—
and had ha not ten rupees of eonfl
dence In himself?
A serious problem had opened op for
the other two boys to consider. Be
cause of astral communication. Blkks
knew that his employer would win it
Rocket won; and Scotty also knew
that Amir's winning would benefit hia
master. Also were the Jockeys In tl i
same boat, because of arrangement.
Then tha third factor In the problem
appeared, or. In point of fact, was dis
appearing — the native boy on Pegu.
Blake saw this and realized that he
would have to at least save second
money. If Rocket would not go en he
would, so he set sail for tha leader.
Scotty followed. They made up ground
rapidly, but the gray hung on sur
prisingly. Would they ever catch him?
In the stand the excitement was ter
rific, Nobody had backed Pegu — nobody
but the Babe. It was the stand against
the Babe, the fast horses against the
dead one, the Jockeys against the na
tive boy. It was tragically unique, this
race of the wise men against the lambs.
Jump by Jump Amir and Rocket re
duced the lead the gray outcast had.
Abdul could hear something coming
now — something thundering along
behind him: still far enough away so
that he need not pull out. as he had al
ways done. It was not far to the win
ning post — would the gray last? He
thought of the 200 rupees he would win,
and swore by Allah that he would give
half of It In charity, if Allah would only
breathe Into the nostrils of the gray
and fill his lungs with strength.
The two jockeys were riding for sec
ond place now; that was about all they
could see in 1L The stand^ mad with
excitement, thought they were riding to
win; though it was either rare horse
manship, this waiting race, or el»n
sheer stupidity. If the native won, ?,
would be stupidity; If -either of the
Jockeys won, his backers would label
it "splendid horsemanship."
It was stupidity. As the gray Just
tottered under the wire first, the other
two finished like lions, nose and nose,
in a dead heat for second money. Then
pandemonium broke loose in the stand,
all the backers' money was burned up.
No, not all! Babe Tobyn bad 18.000 to
draw out of the flames. There he stood,
the only winner among all those clever
racing men — the Babe.
. Imagination needs no word-prick to
picture what the owners of Amir and
Rocket thought and said. Down at the
mess that night there waa no hilarity
when Babe Tobyn walked in; only the
hush of awe. Such luck as that clear
ly indicated the finger of Allah. He
had passed through his novitiate, and
they were abashed.
Down on Amir, Blake -was swearing
softly to himself. At last he spoke.
"Why don't you go on. Scotty? Can't
you see that native slipping away from
us? He's got twenty lengths the be3t
of it now."
Tobyn saw the gray opening up- a
¦wide stretch of country between him
self and the other two horses and go-
Ing up to Larraby congratulated him
upon hi3 perspicacity. "By Jove!" he
exclaimed, "you're a good one at pick-
Ing them. They'll never catch Pegu
now. I suppose you've backed him
yourself?"
Larraby's face was a study, but tha
Babe didn't notice this; he never ex
plored faces.
"All right, come along th-n." yelled
Blake, letting go of Amir's head a lit
tle.
They were only cantering; and all
the time the iron gray Pegu, with tha
black boy on hi3 back, was slipping
away from them. People in the stand,
seeing the state of things, thought It
was a false start, and bantered cheer
fully over the idiocy of 4 the native boy,
Abdul. "It doesn't make any differ
ence," some one said; "Pegu had no
chance anyway."
Instructions from their owners, before
they go out, as to how they are to ride
the race — always on the square, my
masters. Blake thought that a bad
start would suit him capitally: Scotty
meant to get av.ay absolutely last;
three or four lengths the worst of the
start would be a good excuse for hav
ing been beaten.
Abdul couldn't understand it. The
few minutes at the starting post had
always been more or less of a night
mare to him; the sahibs used such bad
language and justled so. He had al
ways started at t*- tail end of the pro
cession, leavinj the front seats to tha
jockey sahibs. Now they told him to
move up in front, and v.-ere deuced po
lite to each other— most sacrificing in
keeping their horses in the background,
out of the other fellow's way. The
sahibs were a mighty queer lot any
way. Abdul thought; quite mad, all of
them.
When the flag tell Abdul cut out the
running with Fegu at a furious dip.
He would stay in front of the sahibs
as long as he could. Blake took a pull
at Amir's head. "What are you wait
ing for?" called out Scotty on Rocket.
"I thought it was a false start," an
swered Blake, "seeing you hanging
back there."
"Oh, the start's all right." said Scotty
angrily. "Go on!"
THE' SAN, FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE LUCK OF THE BABEAmerican wit is the best wit in the
world.- That's not forgetting Irish wit,
for there are enough Irish over here to
leaven the whole lump, and they are
part of us. The finest samples of our
that find their way, to published
pages, in word, and picture, appear in
the New York Life. The latest of the
series of book compilations from that
Drllliant-Btaffed periodical is a little
selection" of verse by Tom Masson,
called "In Measure." It is am
ply illustrated by those masters of the
crayon, Charles Dana Gibson, C. Allan
Gilbert and others following close to
p. rime in pencil . craft. A. sample- or
two, short enough to quote, may serve
"Who is the most popular American
novelist to-day?" asks C. K. Shorter
in the London Sphere, and proceeds to
answer his own question. "I believe it
to be Miss Mary Johnston, whose works
have 'caught on' in this country as well
aa 0*1 the other side. • • • I under
stand in reading her last book ('Sir
Mortimer') why it Is that America does
not want English- romantic novels any
more— they are quite as well written on
the other side of the Atlantic as they
ara here." If an English critic of Mr.
Shorter's authority has this faith in the
merit of American romances, why is it
that the British public cannot allow
them, their due place in the literature
of the day? That the public does not
Is evident .in the still comparatively
gorgeous ochre of its cover,
would be none the less diverting and
much. more Interesting if it indeed re
flected what a real Chinaman did see
Id us. It' is not the work of a China
man, however— that is patent upon any
close reading of It— but it is another of
those veiled \ satires, posed under the
guise of a gentle barbarian's cogita
tions, which have ever caught the fancy
since rare old Montesquieu stirred up
France of the old regime with bis "Per
sian Letters.' 1 . .
.'. Though a foreword by Henry Pearson
Gratton of San Francisco avers that
to him j has . fallen only the task of
editing this breezy correspondence ' be
tween a Chinese, late of the embassy
at Washington, and hla curious friend
at home,, and that the-real author de
sires to conceal his identity, for reasons
sufliclently^obvious, a gentle exception
must be registered to Mr. Gratton's in
genious disclaimer, "if he did 'not "pro-
££ yjS -a Chinaman Saw Us" .a
m f4' little book, sans parent but
. *f "* sturdily independent in the
Stray Notes
and Random Jottings
. translation from the German of Dr.
Toby Cohn's "Electro-Diagnosis and
Electro-Therapeutics," a standard ref
erence among German specialists upon
the curative properties of electricity
since its Crst appearance.
As Dr. Cohn explains, in his preface,
tha appeal of this work is to students
and practicing: physicians, who are al
most wholly Ignorant of the subjects
of which It treats, owing to the method
ia which these have hitherto been pre
sented. "Students and physicians,"
says Dr. Cohn, "have in general an
arerelon to all mathematical explana
tions and technical . discussions with
which text books of electro-therapeu
tlcs generally begin." Therefore he be
gins with an object lesson, the de
scription of a single apparatus, a sta
tionary; apparatus for galvanic and
faradlc currents. Having presented in
the simplest and briefest the
physical principles, a statement of
which is demanded of anV discussion,
the author at once introduces the read
er to the subject proper, actual diag
nosis. In setting forth the physiologic
cal and pathological, conditions to be
considered, Dr. Cohn rigidly confines
/MPORTANT to the literature of
medicine In this country is the re
cent addition made to it by the
A little booklet called "The Coast
Country" has just been issued by the
Southern Pacific Company, dealing
with points of Interest along the coast
from San Francisco to Santa Barbara.
It is the second In a series descriptive
of .California's resorts, the first being
"California South of Tehachapi." The
publication is profusely illustrated and
the .text is unique in being -written for
the most part by the railroad agents
at the points described, on account of
their intimate knowledge of . the re
sources of their localities. The wot*k Is
a welcome addition to the advertising
literature of this state.
Therapeutics
of Electric Currents
. THE WOMAN ERRANT— "Barbar*
Evan"; The Macmillan Company, Noir
York; price $1 50.
THE DIARY OF A MUSICIAN—
Dolores Marlbourg Bacon-; Henry Holt
& Co., New York: price $1 50.
THE ROSE OF OLD ST. LOUI3—
Mary Dillon; The Century Company,
New York; illustrated: price $1 50.
AZALIM— Mark Ashton; L. C. Pag»
& Co.. Boston: illustrated; price $1 50.
THE SECOND MRS. JIM— Stephen
Conrad; L. C. Page & Co.; Boston;
price $1.
THE LITTLE VANITIES OF MH3.
WH ITT AKER— John Strange Winter;
Funk & Wagnalls Company, Naw
York; price $1. "/* ' • •.
THE PROMOTERS— William Haw
ley Smith: Rand," McNally & Co., Chi
cago; illustrated.
IN MERRY MEASURE— Tom Mas
sen; Life Publishing Company, New
York: price 75 cents.
MR. OSEBA'S LAST DISCOVERY—
Colonel George W. Bell; the New Zea
land Times Company, Wellington,
MAN AND WOMAN— Revised edi
tion — Havelock Ellis; Imported by
Charles Seribner'a Sons. New York.
PlfYSICIAX VS. BACTERIOLO
GIST—Professor O. Rosenbach, M. D.;
Funk & Wagnalls . Company. New-
York: price $1 53.
TWEKTY-EIGHT YEARS IN WALL.
STREET— Revised edition — Henry
Clews; J. S. Ogilvie Publishing Com
pany. New York.
THE JEWISH ENCYCLOPEDIA—
Volume, seven; "Funk & ' Wagnalls
Company, New York; "price $5 per
volume In advance of completion oC
IS THE WORLD IN NEED OF A
NEW REVELATION*?— Andrew W.
Madison, A. M.; published by the au
* ,or. New York; price 20 c,cn,ts.
THE CItlb'l?- Winston Churchill:
The Macmillan Company. New York;
paper; price 25 cents.
THE PRIDE OF JENNICO— Ag*2<-3
and Egerton Castle: The Macmlllan
Company. New York; paper; price 25
cents. ,c Ji >^'» . •---- -.
New Books Received
The children's crusade, that pitiful
phenomenon of thirteenth century ac
tivity, gives the background to Stevens'
book. Truly does the author state in
her brief introduction that It is remark
able that such a marvelous event as the
rr-arch of three armies of children for
the relief of Jerusalem should ljavo
Into the limbo of forgotten
tilings unheralded in fiction. The field,
then, is a new one for the writer, the
material is rich and the opportunities
for a strong tale manifold. But, unfor
tunately, Sheppard Stevens has onry
skimmed the possibilities. Instead of
following further the fortunes of that
forlorn band of infants that sailed from
Marseilles to oblivion under the crazed
youth S.imon, the author has contented
herself with picturing only the initial
phases of this strangest of all crusades
In Franco. With the devoted little en
thusiasts sailing away from their na
tive shore to foulest treachery and sub
sequent slavery under the yoke of the
very infidels they had set forth to con
quer,., the teller of thh tale' confesses
her inability to rise to the opportunity
by breaking off the thread of her his
tory here." The tragedy that might be
evoked from a fuither pursuit of the
subject she docs not attempt.
From the sin of too much blood-lel
ting—that gory specter which makes of
bo many historical novels" a mere liter
ary shambles— the writer has so suc
cessfully held- herself secure that ' her
story suffers somewhat from a lack of
any action at all. The whole recountal
cf the march of the. children from St.
Denys to the sea sags through. Its own
weight for. want ' of. the props of liven
ing incident. Again, '^suffering her plot
to become unruly.'Stevena has let* the
action become ' detached. Throughout
the major portion of- the story the two
centers of .interest are widely apart, :
and. a connective only conjectured by
the astute reader exists.
"The Sign of Triumph" is better than
commonplace withal, and written with
S* LADY whose masculine nom-de
f"Y plume, Sheppard Stevens, has
already appeared on the title
pages of several historical novels, gives
us In "The Sign of Triumph". another
story of the same genre. In nearly
every essential her new book fills every
requirement of the romantic tale; some
of the weaknesses usually so glaring in
the typical buskln-and-longsword ro
mance are herein avoided, and for that
sincere thanks are due Sheppard Ste
vens.
Mrs. Dillon, in her story of "The
Rose of Old Saint Louis," gives us a
historical romance which is what we
tritely term timely, for it fits in with
the St. Louis Exposition by being a
novel of the period of the Louisiana
purchase. It Is built up out of a close
study of the best historical records of
these days, and brings before us the
important men of the time— Napoleon,
Jefferson. Talleyrand, Marbois and
Lewis and Clark, also the famous In
dian'chief Black Hawk, to add a touch
of picturesqueness. There is, of
course, the usual pretty love story to
make the, history part more appetiz
ing. |, .;.,..
-i ThereHi^a particularly strong chap
ter In the book 1 with the caption, "Bo
naparte Gives England a Rival," in
which the author interweaves with her
story an account of the manner and
bearing of the First Consul when mak
ing the momentous decision that by
the transfer of Louisiana to ; us he
would make 'us great enough to keep
England's pride In check.
The romance . gives us a glimpse of
the social life of old Saint Louis, and
has some pretty illustrations, which
are interesting specially at this time
when the period of the empire-deciding
purchase is being celebrated.
(The Century Company, New York;
price U CO.)
The Macmlllan Company Is doing th»
reading public a genuine service by
publishing in paper covers (at 23 cents
a copy) many of the best novela pub
lished in recent years by that firm.
There have, already appeared in this
series: "The, Virginian." hy Owen WIs
ter; "Calumet 'K,'." by. Merwin-Wefe
ster; "The Choir Invisible," by James
Lane 1 " Allen: "The Heart of Rome," or
Marion Crawford; "The Pride of Jen
nico," by Agnes apd Egerton Castls;
"The, Conaueror," by Gertrude Ather
ton, and "The Crisis." by Mr. Winston
Churchill. Paoer and print are both
excellent and the series can be unro
servedly commended.
kem or tha Orient.
Is it effusions iike this that touch the
sentient soul ot Mrs. Wllcox? The re
viewer dares not pursue his quest far
ther. He feels that those delectable
Isles of poesy—
Where burning: Sappho loved and »unp,
must pale into gray oblivion before the
tropic lovelanr) of this reincarnated
TVhltman.
Q.G. W. Dill!£gham, New York; price
51.)
J ySRALDED bv the -jfuJjBome.pra jifti;
' f^£ of none other than. EHa Wheeler'
. - .* Wlleox cemes -the- bookYpf love
poemB ( t ."Dfs}reV'i'-frpm< ; the throbbing,
quill .of -one CharJbtie.:. -^ktopV "The
feminine reincarnation* of .^Vatt Whit
man" rinca Ella"'- Wheeler's • announce
ment of this new light in the field of"
poems of passion; "ona of the new. fing
ers who has come to stay." Good for
the syndicate poetess, say we. for ' if
anybody is calculated to nndP.'Vrie ".gem
of rav serene In the breatninjrs of the
erotic lyre Mrs. Wilcox is, indeed, -that
one. -
Now, to take exception to the dictum
of one so Inspired with the divine fire
of poesy as Ella Wheeler Wllcox would
be to display a temerity bordering upon
rashness. The passive reviewer can
only venture, the. opinion, then," that
until posterity is decided upon the mer
its of Walt Whitman's outbursts It ie
extremely complicating, not to say dele
terious, to the Interests'' of his name'
and fame that any reincarnation mani
festing itself'in" verse such as 'Char
lotte Eaton's should come -to us out of
astral reaches. -The shade of Whitman
should have a voice in the : matter, fet
least.
When I kiss your llp»!
I am us a ripening nectarine, ' that Is warmed
through and through by the sun's rays.
Becoming more delectable both to the eye. ami
to tUe .palate. A :. .: 'v.. ¦¦. , , .. '
Now, is that Whitman or Mary Mac-
Lane?
Kiss my hand a?aln with rapture, O Midas
Uoldln? my flnzers close to your warm llpa.
breathing sweetly upon thorn:
For In thl», more than in precious gifts, do I
fee! the love of your mrong; heart for me.
And know iTtyrelf to be happier than they,
who. lackln: such humuge.
Hare Worn upon tJ.fllr lingers the large white
Trop c Vtrs^ :j
By One ReinQa%nate4 :
Mark Twain's daughter. Miss Clara
Clemens, made a successful debut aa a
singer in Florence some \tfeeks .ago.
Her voice and her method Were warm
ly praised by the Roman papers. Miss
Clemens has sung much at private
gatherings of her' friesds' in America,
and has always "won cordial enthusi
asm for her unusual work. She Is
slender and dark," with the most ex
pressive eyes, and when srnglnff-her
pose is one of intense, concentrated
quiet. The effect, in contrast to a very
mobile, significant voice, is strong and
artistic.
'¦¦ Now, for example, does Mr. Gratton
wish us to believe that a member of
the diplomatic corps at Washington, be
he ever so Chinese-smart, would write
\p a' correspondent "who had seen few
foreigners"— as Mr. Gratton explains^—
the following, taken presumably from
the IJps of a political boss?
•"'Smart h !' retorted the 'boss.'
'Why. we've got smart men. Look at
Wr school teachers. Them guys Is
crammed with guff and passing exam
inations all the time; but there ain't
one in a thousand that's got sense
enough to run a tamale convention.' "
Despite the gauzy attempt at decep
tion, "As a Chinaman Saw Us" con
tains gome good things. There are some
digs in it which leave the smart be
hind them. too.
(D. Appleton & Co., New York;
price $1 23.)
duce the letters himself he knows in
his secret conscience that the one who
did does not wear his fingernails a la
Chinoise.
a tender delicacy of sympathy which
makes the reading of iua matter close
to the heart. ', .- ;V-. : - ..•'¦•
(L.. C. Pase & Co.,. Boston: Illus
trated; price SI 50.) s. " ' "-.'• " ..'.**:»•?'
/N -The Duchess of Few Clothes'.'
Philip Parne, the young
newspaper man. has tried to live up
to the reputation he established with hia
'The Mills of Men'Wtried and failed.
"Where the earlier Work' Impressed with
its novelt;- of conc^ition.and virility of
workmanship tha 'second novel falls"
flat through an exaggerated use of the
very same qualities, of style. In his
initial effort Peyntt drew very close
tb^-the fundamental aspects of' the
workaday American life and the oft
times meta!!ic sondldr.es? of American
character; in thisj; his latest Etory, th«
author has attempted'-to bring out the
same characteristics through.the.me
dium of some palpably- Impassible situ
ations and an. attmusphere^- paljrabjljj
stilted and unnatural.' k \ . ' - '.'•> "'*'¦}. v; /
Coherence is- tie /"great lacking in
"Duchess of F^jr'-C^oihes"— coherence
and the true ring of. fidelity tp. the ac
tual probabilities of : Jhuman.' action.
Possessed with- '.the determination'' to
exhibit some of the anomalies of the
present day social order, Mr. Payne
has strung together into a. story, euf
ficiently dreary, a series of incidents,
disconnected, unbalanced, which have
to center about. the personality of no
individual in particular. and which lead
to nothing worthy of being denominat
ed a definite conclusion. One of the
personages cf his story, Alonzo A.
Farscrn, is a caricature, pure and sim
ple, a translation of Mr.. Pecksniff Into
the atmosphere of windy Chicago,, and
all of the incidents, the dialogue in
which this character has a : part are
consequently unreal to the limit of
farcical. As for the. rest of his people,
Payne has tried to instill the exalted
essence of spirituality into a lady ven
dor c-f cigars, sublimated Bohemian
is:n into a very commonplace fiddler
and the delicate savor of chivalry into
a buyer and seller of meat on the hoof.
The creatures of his conjuring refuse
to Bhow. any convincing pulsations.
They are- cardboard.
Nobody denies Mr. Payne the premise
that under the dome of the Pan
theon Hotel in Chicago there may be
lite worthy of study and reflection In
a novel. Frank Norris found a stir
ring epic In a dentist's parlor here in
San Francisco. If the author believes
that In, a "Cinderella of Cigars" there
is the ..worth for a story, nobody can
say him nay. Only let him endow his
"Duchess" -with sensibilities and ap
preciations commensurate with her
mental caliber, In keeping •with the
sphere of life settled upon her by the
accident of birth, and then go ahead in
the weaving of a story that may have
the stamp of the natural about it. In
"DucheEd of Few Clothes" Payne fails
to write from the respective social
levels of his characters. All are re
flected throuch the single stereoscope^
of the author's narrow perception. vL
(Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago.)
When Children
Went on a Crusade
Margaret Horton Potter, author of
"The Flame-Gatherers," Is in private
life Mrs. John D. Black of Chicago. She
was born in 1SS1. the daughter of Orrin
W. Potter; and on January 1, 1302, she
married a son of General J. C. Black.
Although only 23. Mrs. Black has al
ready written five books, all of which
have attained marked success. She and
her husband are very popular in Chi
cago society, where they have hosts of
friends. After leaving Bryn Mawr, Misj
Potter spent a year or two In post
graduate studies lni-Atin, Greek, Eng
lish, history and philosophy with a pri
vate tutor, and she is deeply versed in
the philosophy of most of the ancient
and modern nations. Perhaps the great
est distinction of her books arises from
their power to recreate the color and
atmosphere and life of vanished civ
ilisation.
"A firm of American publishers has
addressed a letter to a London paper
complaining of the fashion in which
American books are treated by English
reviewers. The question affects the
whole subject of criticism, and the
method in which reviewers are remun
erated for their laborious work by cer
tain newspapers; but it also draws at
tention to the larger and more im
portant subject of American litera
ture. It must have struck many ob
servers how very slight and'inconsid
erable is the American contribution to
the eternal things of art. In labor
saving inventions, and in all the com
mercial details of the shop and the
factory, the American nation enjoys a
reputation which is Justifiably envied
in Europe. But . their art and their
literature have not yet made, any seri
ous impression upon the world. It is
true that Mr. Henry James- is an
American by birth, but he was edu
cated in France and lives In England;
and this is a qualifying statement
which also applies to those few bril
liant painters who were born in Ameri
ca. There is probably some spirit in
the atmosphere of the American con
tinent which is antagonistic to art.
There Is no sense of age, very little
veneration, and an entire absence of
restfulness throughout the United
States. It is quite certain that when
America does produce a work of genius
it will need no service of the reviewer
to introduce it into Europe."
We, Americans, then, who sit In
darkness, probably do not get the genu
ine British literary creme-de-la-creme.
Judging from the works that are sent
over here.
>^»S reported by Paul Elder & Co.,
the best selling works of fiction
for the month past are as fol
lows: "In the Bishop's Car
riage," Michelson; "The Crossing."
Churchill; "Memoirs of 'a Baby,"
Daskam; "The Yoke," Miller; "Rulers
of Kings," Atfterton; "The Castaway,"
Rives; "Inventions of the Idiot,"
Bangs. In general literature the fol
lowing books have been the most
sought: '.'Spencer's Autobiography,"
"Lord Acton's Letters," "The Simple
Home," Keeler; "Dollars and Democ-*
racy," Burne- Jones; "Japanese Physi
cal Training," Hancock.
The literary editor of ths London
Globe takes occasion to draw a very
Pharisaical comparison between Ameri
can literature and the sterling, hall
marked British article in the following
paragraph:
The Authors-
What They Are Doing
himself at the start to those types that
¦ can be easily- comprehended and"••re
tained, by the;begihnfcr.: This schematic
method is gradually 'modified and ren
dered practical by the addition of those
variations which' will be found in'reg
ular, practice. • ;
-In his discussion of electro-therapeu
tics the- author i is less pedagogic and
more advisory. It Is a~subjsct In which
the student. who has mastered and Is
practielpg .electro-diagnosis can form
his judgments for himself. Dr. Cohn
not cn»y permits but insists upon
skepticism as the attitude to be as
sumed In such mooted questions as the
curative power of tha electro-therapeu
tic currents,- whether it is purely
psychological, the result ct sugges
tion, or physiological in its nature.
The character of the work as an "ob
'j^ct lesson" text book is greatly en
hiinced by the eight anatomical plates,
jWilh 'i coverings , of transparent paper,
• up<5n. ".vhich are indicated in red the
points of j application of the electric
current. The book is thoroughly in
dexed.
The practical value cf Dr. Cohn's
vcrk Is thua briefly summarized by
Francis A. Scratch:ey. M. D., ofyNjew.
York, the editor and translator: V"*.''
"It. gives concisely all that, is im
portant in electro-diagnosis, and -in
electro-therapeutics all that is of posi
tive value. It places electricity exactly
where it belongs in a physician's
armamentarium, as a curative agent.
It will commend Itself because of its
excellent plates. Its precise .and very
thorough explanation of the method of
investigation and how to make an elec
trical diagnosis, and the . careful in
struction it gives for the proper use
of electricity as a therapeutic agent.
It presents so many good features in
such an admirable manner that it
shv^ild readily fill in this country the
same place it has filled in Germany."
Philip Payne
Fals Short in Latest
It has frequently been asked ho-tr
Joseph Conrad and Ford iladdox
Hueffer, joint authors of '/Romance"
(McClure-Philllps). came to collabor
ate. Mr. Hueffer's meeting with Mr.
Conrad came about through Mr. Huef
fer's admiration for Conrad's, first book,
which the former happened to read
when it was in the hand3 "of a pub
lisher's reader. Once having met, tha
two literary men became fast friends,
and now live close by each othfcr in
Kent. England. In fact, Mr. Conrad la
said to be Mr. Hueffer'a tenant. Their
latest story, "Romance," was planned
In the early days of their friendship.
and it was Mr. HueCfer who suggested
the plot. Mr. Hueffer got his inspira
tion for it from a celebrated Admiralty
trial of Cuban pirates. He told the plot
to Mr. Conrad, and Mr. Conrad was so
struck with the story that he asked
to be allowed to collaborate on it. Be
fore the completion of "Romance,"
however, ; "The Inheritors," Another
collaboration, was written, and . pub
lished. : v ' •¦ -. '-.
Mr?. Jcnes. The, sublime \and ridicu
lous are Indeed in close vicinage here.
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
price 51 50.) »;
to show what Masson's hand can do
when^he has more room' to turn a jest
or make a pathos melting:
* She was a maid of high riegree.
Awl -quit* severely proper.
K*chm»n she met, so proutl tras she.
Would- love., despair, then drop her.
Uut there remained without demur.
When all the rest forsook her.
An- amateur photoicrapher,
;And finally Us took her.
Fame burst the doer of a poor man's h?art
Ej Ant! crdared Lovo- out one cay.
"My friend," h- saM. "we two must part —
Xot room for us both to stay."
Th» years drajrserj Ijy, and the niggard face
Of Fame looks out through th* gl«.«j.
(Tou may *e* him yet If you know the place).
Still ¦ waJttiir for love, to pass.
(Life Publishing.. Company, Now
York:; price 7i cents.) ""~*;~
The August number of Sunset offers
its usual potpourri of good things, salt
ed by one or two features of especial
merit. "Bill Magee of" Pine Nut," a
story In ruffled verse by Sam Davis,
the Nevada bard, suits the , fancy
powerfully. A story: by- Juliet Wilbor
Tompkins and a sketch, by' Mary Aus
tin^ both of the writers high In the
ranks of magazine contributions, give
a literary touch to the periodical.
"The Building: Laws of Human Char
acter," well called by. its author, Wil
liam H. McCarthy, "every, man's mon
itor," is a healthful little compendium
of the precepts of great minds upon
human conduct. Under the headings,
"Character," "Health and Temper
ance," "Thoughts, Words and Deeds."
etc., the compiler: has arranged for
ready reference the collected wisdom of
epic bard and newspaper scrivener
alike.
(W. H. McCarthy. San Francisco;
price 35 cents.)
"The American City: A Problem in
Democracy," bv Dr. Delos F. Wllcox,
is the latest Issue in the Citizens'. Li
brary of Economics. Politics and Soci
ology, edited by Dr. Richard T." Ely for
the Macmlllan Company. The author's
concern is not to present an exhaust
ive array of facts and theories, but to
discuss what seem to him the funda
mental principles of the American city
problem and to point out its real rela
tion to the great ' problem of human
freedom as it is being worked out in
American political Institutions. Tha
volume may be considered an extended
and thorough essay on a theme which
has brought out in recent years an im
mense body of' literature.
ONE must hunt long and earn
estly to find the ultimate pur
pose in Robert M. Lovett's
novel. "Richard Gresham." It
is only after many dull and useless
rs.ges have bten turned and the read
er has propelled himself across wid?
barrens o:' extraneous incident and
commonplace dialogue that he arrives
at the meat of the story all unex
pectedly. "Perhaps there isn't any
thing in this urorid but just what we
t\ a.r.t to be there." says Florence Ros
fiter in the third chapter from the
book's last. "Have you ever thought
of that — that we live only in what we
want?" she adds, and the reader be
gins to see the light-
It is *he moral Don Quixote and his
tiltings at the windmills of conviction
which the author attempts to depict
ir this story of his. Had Mr. Lovett
pruned his story down to one-half its
tmUcJ concentrated the action Into
something else than a nebulous un
certainty and paid more heed to some
of the delicacies of style, Richard
dreshani might have been a really In
teresting fellow and the record of his
chauvinism something approaching
fascination.* But with the hero fol
lowing the flow tall in New England,
making water motors in Mongolia, dic
tating the run on consols in Wall
street — floundering ever through hogs
of sluggish incident— the patient read
er must sacrifice- much of his Interest
to weariness... - . ¦¦¦¦... ¦•¦._, -..-.-
Richard Gresharn, whose -actions evi
dently were not -sufficiently inspiring
to suggest to his creator a book title
other than the name, is of a type pi
men interesting enough to merit '~a.
novel drawn upon their characteristics.
The man who is ever ready to set hinl
telf against the cogs of life's ma
chinery because he knows th*t ethical
ly fce is right, all dictates of practlc-v
bi'.ity remaining unheard — this man-Is
called a crank or a reformer, accord
ing to his success in turning the wheels
to fellow his line of force. Richard
Greshani is of such a bent, though
neither crar.k nor reformer. Crank he
is not, f cr his Quixoticism is not un
mixed with reason; reformer he could
, never be, since he possesses not
enough conviction in the righteousness
cf his code to lead beyond the circle
of hi* own conduct. So here is a man
who is constantly running his head
against the stone wjaAl of opportunity
instead cf climbing over it, because he
believes that his soul's sacred honqr
demands such rigorous chastisement.
Unless the reader be another Richard
Gresham hin;Eelf he cannot but be
come thoroughly exasperated with the
hexo before he has followed him to his
ls.st sacrifice to the prim Puritan god.
self- righteousness.
It is the old story of th<* boy reared
to atone for the smirched family es
cutcheon; in the present instance It is
Richard'* father who has stolen the
bank funds and fled. Under the fan
atical tutelage of his uncle young Rich
ard is made to live only in the rarefied
air tt self-abntjriitiun to cuty with
the restoration cf family honor by the
payment of the father's peculation ever
In eight. Seemingly needless suffering
aljd ehame are put upon the boy ]/o;h
on the farm and s.t college. The author
seems to think it necessary to sink his
hero's head as far as possible below
the level of comfort and happiness in
order to emphasize the magnitude of
the sacrifice to which his life is de
voted. First he gives up his love for
a music hall crtist to appease this
Moloch of duty.' then he i enounces a
degree ci college, an oblation of a cool
JJO.000 gain on his "patent water motor
gties to the high altar of his resolve,
and at last his wife, even, comes near
Lcir-3 bound to the sacrificial horns.
Then, to ei.d all. when he finds that,
were he an opportunist he need make
no reparation at all for his father's
backsliding, Richard Greshani casts
'everything |n the scale of high justice —
money, position, self— and the reader
Ictt beholds him in a high white light
cf martyrdom.
In tria choice of words and the work
ing ui> <j* some of his dramatic pe
riods the author is not altorether hap
py. It is either carelessness or lack of
lfterary «kill that permits him to make
a botch of some of his paragraphs.
Witness the following, taken from a
highly climactic uplift in the story:
"Panting and breathless, he plunged
up the piazza steps and through the
side halL He saw no one, but he heard'
some one sobbing — his mother. In the
front hall he fell over a suit case,
packed and strapped. As he recovered
himself the sobbing became a jrreat
cry, and then silence. There were
heavy steps above and he heard his
father's voice calling Mrs. Jones."
Gracious! After that terrible cry. that
Bobbing, that Ellence, his father called
Richard Gresham —
Unappreciated Nero
William Dean -Howells has been
writing vt Taul Dunbar's dialect
He sa>3 of . them:,-. "In nothing is
his essentially refined and delicate art
so well shuwn as in these pieces,. which
describe the range b,?tweeri» appetite
and emoti<>:\ withicertaln lifts far be
yond and above the range of the race.
• •-'¦*• He has produced something
that; however we may critically dis
agree about it, we cannot very well
refuse to 'enjoy. In Tnore than . one
piece. he has produced a work of .art."
In view of this it is- interesting to
know that Dunbar has a new book
ready for the autumn. It will contain
negro lullabies and songs about chil
dren. The took la to be fully illustrat
ed, and brought out as, more or Ies3,
a holiday book, by Dodd, Mead & Co.
small sales of most American novels
on the other side.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; SUNDAY CALU
WHAT THE WRITERS ARE DOINGWHEN the bi? strike' caught
us at Zanesville we had IS;)
engineers and firemen on the
payroll. One hundred ani
•eventy-nine of these men walked out.
Ope fireman — Jxizt o'ne — stayed with the
company; that was Dad Hamilton.
"Yes," growled Dad, combating th*
protests of the strikers' committee, "I,
know it. I belong to your. ledge. But
I'll tell you now — and I've told : ou
afore — I alrr't goin* to strike on the
company s=o long as Neighbor is mas
ter mechanic on this division. Ain't
goin' to Co it, an' you might as well
quit. T you jaw here from now till
Christ rr.as 'twon't change my mind
nary a bit." '
And th^y didn't change it. Through
calm and through the storm — and It
stunned haid for a while — Dad Hamil-
The old fellow went back to work
mollified) but it. was evident that he
and >IcNeal didn't half .'get to
gether. The boy' was not much of a
talker, yet he did his , work well and
Neighbor said, next to Foley, he was
the best man he had.
"What's the reason Hamilton and
McNeal can't hit it off, Foley?" I ask
ed one niffht.
"They'll get along all right after a
while," predicted Foley. "You know
the old man's stubborn as adun mule;
ain't he? The ' injectors bother
Georgie some; they did me. He'll get
used to things. But Dad thinks 'he's
green— that's what's the matter. The
kid is ; high spirited . and seeing' the
old man's kind, of got it in for him
he won't ask him anything. Dad'a
sore about that, too. ;;v Georgie wyrin't
knuckle to anybody that don't treat
him right."
"You'd better tell McNeal to humor
the old crank," Isuggested, and I be
lieve Foley did so, but it didn ; t do any
good. Sometimes those things have
to work themselves but without'out
side help. .In the end this thing did,
but In a way none 'of ;us. looked for. '
'j About a week' later Foley came' into'
the office ona morning very, much/ ex
cited. , - . •...< V -> - .- *.";¦¦:
"Did you hear about the boy/a-get
ting pounded last night— Georgie Mc-
Neal? It's a shame the way these fel
lows act. Three of ;th'e strikers piled
on him while 'he was going into the
postoffice and thumpe d the life out . of
him. The cowardly hounds, to Jump
on a man's back that way!"
. "Foley," said I, "that's the first tima
they've. tackled one of Dad Hamilton's
engineers.'*" '\-'. : " - .¦
want to see him, right off. If it's
Georgie, you're all right." "."
• Foley's talk went a 'good ways with
me at any time. When I told Neighbor
about it he pricked up his ears. While
we were debating, in rushed. Foley
with the voung. ; fellow— the kid— as ha
called him. Neighbor made another
survey of the ground in short order
run a new line, as' Foley would have
said. The upshot of it was that Mc-
Neal was assigned to an engine
straightway.
As luck would have it, Neighbor put
the boy on the 244 with Dad Hamilton,
and Dad proceeded at once to make
what Foley termed "a great roar."
"What's the matter?" demanded
Neighbor, roughly, when the old fire
man complained. '¦••..
"If you're goln* to pull these trains
with boys I. guess it's time for me to
quit; I'm gettin' pretty old, anyhow."
"What's tha matter?" growled
Neighbor, fltill surlier, knowing full
well that if the old fellow had a good
reason he would have blurted it out
at the start.
¦ •' "Nothin's the matter: only I'd like
my tlrne^V;, v - '. >
"You won't get it," said . Neighbor,
roughly. ""Go back on your run. If
McNeal" don't behave, report 1 him'.- to
me and he'll get his time."
It was a favorite trick of Neighbor's.
Whenever the, old /fireman got to
"bucking" about his engineer the mas
ter mechanic threatened to - discharge
the engineer. That settled it; Dad
Hamilton wouldn't for the world be
the cause of throwing another man
out of a job, no matter how little he
liked him. '" • '.^
point of a railroad man they were a
tough assortment, for a fellow may be
a good painter, or a handy man with
a jackplane, or an expert machinist
even, and yet a failure as an engine
runner. y.-Sr/i
After we got hold of Foley, Neighbor
put him on a while -with Dad, and the
grizzled fireman quickly declared that
Foley was the only man on the pay
roll who knew how to move a train.
The little chap proved such a re
markable find that I tried hard to get
some of his Eastern chums to come out
and join him. After a good: bit of
hustling -we did get-half a dozen more
ReaffSug boys for our new corps of
engine men, but' the East End officials
kept all but one of them on. their own
divisions. ••= That one we got because no
body on the East End wanted him.
"They've crimped the whole bunch,
Foley," said I, answering his inquiries.
"There's just one fellow reported here;
he came in. on, 5 this morning. ' ¦ Neigh
bor's had a little talk -with him; but
he doesn't think much of him. I guess
we're out the transportation on that
fellow." c
"What's his name 1 " asked Foley. t ."Is
he off the # Reading?"
"Claims'he is; his name is McNeal—"
"McNeal?" ~ echoed Foley, surprised.
v "Not Georgie McNeal?*! ;
•. "I don't^now what his first name is;
he's nothing but a boy."
„ "Dark comDlexioned fellow?" \
"Perhaps you'd call him that; sort
of soft-spoken."
"Georgie McNeal, sure's you're born.
If . you've got him you've got a bird.
He ran opposite me between New York
and Philadelphia on ' the -limited. I
tea, whenever we could supply him
Srtth an engineer, fired religiously.
No other man in the service could
have done it without getting killed,
but Pa*' was old enough to father any
man among the Btrikers. Moreover,
he was a giant physically, and eccen
tric enough to move along through the
heat of the crisis Indifferent enough
to the abuse of the other men. His
tray hairs aad his tremendous physi
cal Btrength saved him from personal
violence.
Our master mechanic, Neighbor, was
another big man— six feet and an inch
in his stockings— and strong as a draw
bar. Eetween Neighbor and the old
fireman there existed some sort of a
bond— a liking, an affinity. Dad Ham
ilton had fired on our division ten
years. There was no promotion for
Dad: he could never; be an engineer,
though only Neighbor knew why. But
his job of firing on the river division
•was sure as long as Neighbor signed
the payrolls at the roundhouse. *
Hence there was no surpVise when
the superintendent offered him an en
gine just after theotrike that Dad re
fused to take it.
"I'm a fireman, and NeighbS' knows
It. I ain't no engineer. I make steam
for any man you put in the cab with
me, but I won't touch a throttle for
any man. I laid it down, an' I'll never
pinch it again— an' no offense t' you.
Neighbor, neither."
Thus ended negotiations with Dad on
that subject: threats, entreaties were
useless. Then, too, in spite of his pro
fessed willingness to throw coal for
any man we put on his engine, he
v,as continually rowing about the green
runners we gave him. From the stand-
"They'd. .never .have done It if they
thought -Uh' ere ;,w'as ' any danger, of
Dad's getting after them. They know
he doesn't like the boy."
"It's an outrage,^ but we can't do
anything. You "know that. • Tell Mc-
Neal to keep away from , the postof
fice. We'll get his mail for r him."
"I told him that this morning. He's
in bed, and looks p'retty* hard. But he
won't dodge those ¦"fellows.'-. He claims
It's a free . country," . grinned..- Foley.
"But I told him he'd get over that idea
if he stuck out this. trouble."
It was three days before McNealvwas
able to report to work,' though he re
ceived full time -just the same. Even
then he wasn't fit for duty, but he
begged Neighbor for his run until he
got it. The strikers were jubilant
while the boy was laid up, but just
what Dad : thought no one could find
out. I wanted to tell . thie . old growler
what I thought of him, but Foley said
it wouldn't do any good, and might do
harm, so I held my peace. . ! *."
One might have thought that the in
justice- and brutality of the "thing
would have roused him, but men: who
have repressed themselves till they are
gray-headed don't " rise . in . a hurry to
resent a wrong. Dad kept as mute as
.the Sphinx. When McNeal was ready
to go out the old fireman had the 244
shining, *,but if the pale face of his en
gineer had any effect on him he kept It
to himself. ,: v;-
As they rattled down the line with
a' long stock train that night neither
of them : referred , to the break in their
run. Coming back next night the same
silence hung over the cab. The only
¦word that passed over the bollerhead
•was /'strictly business," as Dad . would
say. •
At Oxford they were laid out by a
Pullman special It was* 3 o'clock in
the morning and raining hard. .Under
such 1 circumstances an hour seems all
night. At last Dad himself broke. the
unsupportable silence.
,' "He'd have waited a good bit longer
if he* had "waited for me to talk," Bald
the boy, telling* Foley afterward.
•'Heard you got licked," growled Dad,
after tinkering with the fire for the
twentieth time.
"I didn't get licked," retorted Geor-
Sle;. "I got clubbed. I never had a
chance to light."
"These fellows hate : to see a boy
come out and take a man's job. Can't
blame 'era much, neither." •
"Whose job did I J take?" Remanded
Georgie, angrily. "Was any one of
those cowards' that jumped on me in
-the dark looking for work on this en
gine?" ••¦ ¦ • . :
•' There was nothing to say to that.
Dad kept still. »
. "You talk about men," continued
the young fellow. "If I am not more
of a man than to slug a fellow from
behind, the way they slugged me, 1*11
get off this engine and stay off. If
that's what you call men out here I
don't want to be a man. I'll go back
to Pennsylvania."
"Why didn't you stay there?"
growled Dad.
"Why didn't you?"
Without attempting to return the,
shot Dad pulled nervously at the
chain.
' "If. I hadn't been fool enough to go
out on strike I might have been run
ning there yet," continued Georgie.
"Ought to have kept away from the
postofflce," grumbled Dad, after a
pause.
"I get a letter twice a week that I
think more of than I do for this whole
road, and I propose to go to the post
office' and get it without asking any
body's permission."
"They'll pound you again."
Georgie looked out Into the storm.
"Well, why shouldn't they? I've
got no friends."
"Got a girl back in Pennsylvania?"
• - "Yes. I 'vegot a girl there," replied
the boy, as the rain tore at the cab
window. "I've had a girl there a good
•while. She's grayheaded and 60 years
old— that's my girl— and if she ~can
write letters' to me I can get them out
of the postoffice without a guardian."
"There she comes," said Dad, as the
headlight of the Pullman special shone
faint ahead through the mist.
"I'm mighty glad of it," said Georgie,
looking at his watch. "Give me steam
now, .Dad. and I'll get you home in
time for a nap before breakfast."
A minute later th» Special shot vr»r
the switch, and th» young runner,
crowding the pistons a bit, started off ,
the siding. When Dad, looking back
for the hind brakeman to lock tha
switch and swing on, called all clear.
Georgie pulled her out another notch
and the Ions train slowlyi' gathered
headway on the slippery track.
9 As the speed Increased t the youns
man and tha old relapsed* into their
usual sfsnce. Tha 241 w'^s always a
free steamer, but Georgtp 'put her
through her paces wlttTqut an apology.
and it \ook lots of coal to squar* ths
accou;*..
In a few minutes they •were- pound
ing along: "P through the Narrows. Tin
track there follows the high bench be
tween the bluffs, which sheer up on on*
elde. and the river bed, thirty feet be
low tha grade, on the
It 13 not an Inviting strewn at any
time xv 1th a big string of gondolas be
hind. But on a wet night it Is tha
last place on tha division where an
engineer would want a s!de rod to go
wrong; and just there ..and then
Georgie's rod went very wrong Indsed.
Half-way between centers the bis
Btcel bar on h's side, dipping then so
fast that you couldn't have seen it
even in daylight/snapped like a stick
of licorice. The hind end ripped up into
•the cab like the nose of a'swordflsh.
tearing and smashing with appalling
force and fury. - >
Georgia JIcNeal's eeat burst und°r
him as if a stick of giant powder had
exploded. He was jammed against the
cab roof like a link plnjand tell sprawl
:;lU£. -Ayfclte. the . .monster- jiteel flail
threshed and tore through the cab with
every Hgijtning revolution of the great
driver fre.in which It swung."
It was a. frightful moment. Anything
;"thotrg^l|"or"done fm&t-be tli'ought and
iJdofle/at once. It was either to stop
- that* train, and quickly, or to pound
- along until the 214 jumped tha track
and lit in the river, witn thirty cars
of coal to cover it.
Instantly— so Dad Hamiltcn after
ward told . me— Instantly ' the boy,
, scrambling to hi* feet, reached for his
throttle— reached for it through a rain
of iron blows, and staggered back with
I his right arm hanging like a broken
wing from his shoulder. And back
again after it— after the throttle with
his left; slipping and creeping carefully
this time up the throttle lever until,
straining,' and twisting, and, , dodging,
he caught the latch and pushed it
tightly home. -Dad whistling ¦vigorous
ly the while for brakes.
Relieved of the tremendous head on
the cylinder, the old engine calmed
d.own enough -to let the two men col
lect themselves. Rapidly a3 the brakes
could do It, the long train was brought
up standing, and Georgia, helped by
his fireman, dropped out of jth« cab
and they set about disconnecting— tha
engineer with hi3 one arm— tha formid
able ends of the broken rod. j
It was a slow, difficult piece of
work to do. In spite of their most
active efforts the rain chilled them, to
the marrow. The- train crew gave
them as much help as willing hands
could, which wasn't much; but by
every man doing something they got
things fixed, called in their flagmen
just before daybreak, and started
home. "When the sun rose Georgie.
grim and silent, the throttle A his
left hand, was urging the old engin*
along on. a dog trot across the Elack
wood flats, and so. limping in on ona
side, the kid brought .hi3 train into
the Zanesville yards, with Dad Ham
ilton, unable to make himself helpful
enough, unable to show his apprecia-
N tion of the skill and tha grit that the
night had disclosed in the kid en-
The hostler waiting In tha yard
sprang into the cab with amazement
on his face, and was just in time to
lift a limp boy out of the old fire
man's arms and help Dad get him to
the ground — for Georgie had fainted.
Whesn the 214 reached the shops a
few minutes later they photographed
„ that cab. It was the worst case of
rod-smashing we had ever seen, and
the West End shops have caught some
pretty tough-looking cabs in their day.
The boy who stopped the cyclone,
and saved his train and crew lay
stretched on the. lounge In my office
; waiting for the company surgeon.
And old Dad Hamilton— crabbed, iras
cible old Dad Hamilton— fiew around
that boy exactly like an excited old
. rooster, first bringing ice and then
water, and then hot coffee, and then
fanning him with a time-table. It was
"worth a small smash-up to see it.
The one swoop of the rod which
caught Georgie's arm hud broken it
in two places, ' and he was oft duty
for three months. But it was a nov
elty to see that boy walk down to
the postofnee and hear the strikers
step up and ask him how his arm was.
and to see old Dad Hamilton tag
around Zanesville after him was re
freshing. The kid engineer bad won
bis SDurs.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH -
THE KID ENGINEER
8no_textHritanni*. ISM). ...... ..\
Great Britain, 1S43 ;
Arctic. 1850 •¦•
rersla, 1S55. ......$
Great Eastern, 1S5S....
Erctla. 1864
City of Dnutel*. 1S69..
Oceanic. 1871.....^.....
Britannic. 1S74...
CJty of Berlin. 1S75....
City of Rome. 1S81..V..
Auranla, 18S2
Oreyon. 1JS3
America, 1S8* •
rtruria. 1SS5
Cltr of Parli. 1SS9..'...
Teutonic. 1830
Campania. 1S93
Kaiser Wilhelm, 1S97...
Oceanic. 1899...
Deutichland. 1900
Kaiser Wilhelm II, 1902.
N«w turbln«,
Cuaardex, hiiiMiny, , , .
rfiitcr Shipping Tl'orlfl In London Delly Mall.
THE value, of holding the "blue
riband" of the Atlantic, or the
record for the fastest voyage. Is
considerable. It may give to the
holder, or to the flag which covers this
fastest ship, an importance at once ex
aggerated and mirleading.
L*t me particularize in a sentence or
two. The Dcutschland. belonging to
the Hamburg-American Line, holds Ihe
trans- Atlantic time record— in spite of
the fine steaming performance of the
Kciser Wilhelm II the other day— with
a voyage from Sandy Hook to Ply
mouth, covered in five days seven
hours end thlrty-e^ht minutes; : the
Kronprinz Wilhelm of the N'ord
deutscher Lluyd coming within one
hour and twenty minutes of the record,
with a voyage also from Sandy Hook
to Plymouth, covered in five days ei?ht
hours and eighteen minutes. Against
that we have tfce Lucania doing: the
westward passage in five days seven
hours and twenty-three minutes; and
the Campania, her sister ship. Jn five
days nine hours and six minutes. But
when, distance and direction are fairly
considered it is admitted without con
troversy that the two German boats
hold the first and second places for
speed over the Atlantic. ¦ Out of these
and other instances of speed supremacy
Germany has gained an immense ad-
vantage in the way of advertisement
for her passenger steamers, while, as I
have said, creating a misleading im>
press-ion throughout the world concern
ing the place of her shipping among
the merchant navies of the world. For
example, if we take the steam tonnage
of the United Kingdom and Germany
of twelve-knot speed and upward, we
find our total to be 4,286.121 tons
against 893,707 tons sailing under the
German flag. Moreover/ our preptm-
derance over the rest of the world in
potential carrying power is ¦ ¦ equal "^.- to
3.2S4.000 tons, figures representing .more
than the 1 whole v of Germany's steam
and sail shipping. • v • . .
It must, however, be freely admitted
that, enjoying bb they have done a
substantial monopoly, especially in
first-class passenger traffic, the fast
steamers of the two great German
companies have been successful as
commercial ventures.. Nor have their
advantages been confined to the conti
nental trade; Calling at English ports,
advantageously situated, they have
been able to do a large amount of busi
ness in the passenger trade of the
United Kingdom. Our great lines,, on
the other hand, have pursued a differ
ent policy, going largely into tonnage
of lower 'speed'' and greater' carrying
power, vessels represented by the Ced
ric arid the" Celtic, with a speed of sev
enteen knots, belonging to the White
Star line, and the. Saxonia and the
Ivernia, , with a speed of fifteen knots,
belonging to the Cunard fleet. These
vessels have proved commercially 'suc
cessful, capable of earning dividends,
whlfe .the flyers of, our fleets often left
the balance on the wrong side of the
ledger.
But the transfer of speed supremacy
from the British to the German flag
has undoubtedly offended the publib
sentiment of this country and our
shipowners have been blamed for what
has been thought to beUheir failure to
hold their own; the fact being that
they pursued what they conceived to
be, and which, undoubtedly, has been,
the best! commercial policy. Finally,
however, an arrangement was entered
into between the Government, repre.
sented by the president of the Board of
Trade, and the Cunard Company,
which, briefly stated, is to the 'follow
ing purport:
go and 3000 passengers, while the Kais
er Wilhelm II carries ,but very little
cargo and her passenger accommoda
tion is less than 2000.' To gain her ex
tra speed, equal to about 40 per cent.
the German vessel requires 230 more
hands, while burning about 190 per
cent more coal than her slower rival.
The cost of the Kaiser Wilhelm II may
be fairly given at £1,800.000; that will
be about the price of each of the new
Cunarders. It may be stated that one
THE GREATEST ATLANTIC LINER
The Cunard Company undertook to
build two steamers having a speed of
twenty-five knots and to be available
for . service under the Government
whenever called upon, conditional upon
the Government paying a subsidy of
£150,000 a year and lending to the
Cunard Company an amount equal to
the cost of the. two ships at a rate of
interest of 2%. per cent, the money thus
advanced to be secured by the ships
of the Cunard fleet.
The cost of extra speed is one of
staggering importance, little under
stood by the general public. By mak
ing a brief comparison between the
Cedric and the Kaiser Wilhelm II this
fact may be demonstrated. The Cedric
on her load draught of 36 feet 6 inches
displaces 37,870 tons, while the Kaiser
Wilhelm II at her load draught of 29
feet only displaces 26,000 tons, the
smaller vessel costing about 30 per
cent more than the Cedric with her
12,000 greater displacement tonnage.
The Cedric can carry 18,000 tons of car-
ef these is to ba built by tha Tynealda
firm, Messrs. Swan. Hunter & Wig
ham Richardson and tha other by
Messrs. John Brown & Ca. of
Clydebank. They will bo substantially
larger as well as faster than tho Kaiser
Wilhelm II; each of them win measura
760 feet long by 83 feet beam, and will,
therefore, displace about 32,000 tons, or
6000 tons more than the Kaiser Wil
helm II. In the matter of speed, again,
they will show a superiority equal to
one and three-fourths knots; tha speed
of the Kaiser Wilhelm n being twenty
three and one-fourth knots, while th«
new Cunarders are being built to do
twenty-five knots in smooth water.
The question of motive power was
one of first Importance, and required,
as it received, a great deal of consid
eration. A commission of experts wero
Invited together to examine the sub
ject. Finally the award was given to
the turbine and the contracts havo
been signed. Three groups of cylindri
cal boilers supply the st?fam for be
tween 65,000 and 70,000 i.h.p.; draught
will be forced by Howden's system;
and It is estimated that the machinery.
Including the boilers and auxiliaries,
will cost about £630,000. The advo
cates of the turbine argrao that this
class of machinery possesses advan
tages over reciprocating engines bear
ing a relationship to the increase of
speed— the higher the speed the great
er the advantage; while, in another di
rection, there will be a substantial
economy of space available for cargo
and for passengers. Although we read
of the turbine in ancient history and
story, we knew nothing of It as a sub
stitute for engines until a few years
ago. Great will ba the rejoicing of the
British race when the turblned
Cunarders shall win back again for
us the "blue riband" of the Atlantic.
By Colonel Kate
TO MANAGE A MAN
"Outdoor life" probably means more
at Fort Stanton than at any. other san
atorium i In the . country, because there
the patients are out-of-doors, in the
actual open; air, .practically all the
time. About half tha patients sleep In
tents, thereby getting as much and as
pure air at night, 4 as 'they! would If
they, were actually out" of ,doors, ¦ sleep-
Ing: on the ground, with' tha naked stars
above them. The remainder have beds
in ' specially ventilated: • dormitories,
which they are not permitted to occupy
except when they are asleep. All pa
tients are under the . direct control of
nurses, who" are required to keep. their
charges out of doors in the daytime,
and the dormitory doors and windows
wide open at night. •>;';'
One of the .greatest advantages In
the treatment of consumption at Fort
doors. The winters are mild and the
summers cool. The altitude is 6160 feet,
which, combined with the slight precip
itation—from fourteen to seventeen
inches/ part "of 'which is snow— produces
an ; extremely dry . atmosphere the ¦ y ear
round. > While ; the temperature \ on . one
or . two occasions > has " gone ' over ninety
in the summer, the heat is. never ener
vating. There is invariably a ". cool
breeze. It is always comfortably in
the < shade, . and at least < ona blanket is
necessary, at night. All patients sleep
well,, and ' as sleep* is a s great tissue
builder the cool nights in summer are
almostt as beneficial . as the* clear days
throughout the year. -In -the winter
the temperature at night is almost in
variably at freezing or a little'below,
but - the days are almost universally
mild.— From "Government Care of Con
sumptives," by Oliver P. Newman, in
the American Monthly. Review of Re
views for July.
tract. 'A large tract of land Is devoted
to the' raisWg of garden vegetables, al
though the entire needs of the institu
tion" cannot as yet be met in that re
speot. - -;j.J< j -:~1 ¦ ¦¦--
Btanton is the climate. The sun shines
on an average of three hundred and
forty days per annum, and on nearly
every 1 one of these days it is mild
enough for the patients- to sit out of
£"T^H2£ Improvement and cure of coo-
I cumptlves at Fort Btanton have
I been effected by the treatment of
JL the body of the patient— not by
the treatment of the disease. The med
ical profession does not admit that
there has been ¦ discovered a specific
remedy that will cure consumption. In
the absence of such a remedy, the doc
tors at Fort Btanton call upon nature
to aid the work of medicine. Tho whole
gist of the treatment Is: build up the
general tone of the body to a point
where the system, of Its own accord,
Trill throw off the disease.
To accomplish this, three things have
been found to be of paramount im
portance. They are: rest, outdoor life,
Tvholesome food.
Consumption is the most devastating
to the system of all the diseases to
•which the human body Is heir. It not
only cats up the lungs, but it reduces
the vitality of its victim to the lowest
•bb. Tha most meager student of med
ical science ought to realize that a
body In which the vitality is badljr Im
paired should not be taxed- further,
bat should be given absolute rest, In
order that the remaining strength be
permitted to fight the disease.
The question of f6od for a consump
tive is even more simple than the ques
tion of rest.- He should receive plain,
well -cooked, nutritious, tissue-building
food— the same food th'at is given a
prixe-flghter training • for a fight .(for
the consumptive is training for. a hard
fight), or an athletic team preparing
for V contest At Fort Stanton, it has
been found that eggs and milk are ex
ceedingly beneficial, and- patients are
given both In abundance. A herd of
dairy cattle is kept on the reservation,
and increased" from time* to time as the
number of patients increases. A herd
of range beef cattle has been built up
and. In another year or two, will sup
ply the sanatorium .with beef. At.pres
ent, meats are bousrht on annual con-
GOVERNMENT CARE OF CONSUMPTIVES.
and home.
The home that should be a happy
abiding place Is about as comfortable
as a cold storage plant and the man
who would dare infringe any of the
household regulations would find him
self hustled Into Coventry .most un
ceremoniously.
The neatness and spick and span
order of the household is made para
mount to the man's' comfort, who feels
that as long as it remains his exclu
sive privilege to pay the bills he has
a little right to enjoy as much as they
call for. ,
* The smell 'of a cigarette gives some
women a > regular, hysterical Dowle
shlver^and a glass of 'old'rye arouses
antagonism like unto dear'Cousln Car
rie," who "^ raised the : temperature in
Kansas "when she\ thoughts herself the
only thing that stood between the na
tive .heath and perdition. ,
Suchwomen should not- Indulge the
vagaries and uncertainties of matri
mony. • \ ¦ "
There are two inanimate yet animate
objects.that a man loves better than
he ever did or will love his mbther-In
law, sometimes with the wife thrown
in, and these are. first, his cigar, sec
ond, his newspaper.
He may love his wife as much as he
could, love any woman, • but when it
comes to his cigar and his newspaper
There are many homeless husbands
wandering about like poor little, neg
lected orphans, whose wives are to
blame If they seek more congenial re
treats where the cigar and themselves
are both at home.
A man also likes to feel in the
eyes of the woman he loves and who
loves him that to her he is the one
and only good thing that ever hap
pened. Then, too, he likes to think
himself vastly her superior, although
he may know full well that he is not.
He. wants to be deferred to as if his
opinions were quotations from Holy
Writ and the woman who Is tactful
may let him enjoy the comfort of
thinking so by refraining from ex
pressing any contrary opinions and de
ferring to him as her chosen authority
on all subjects.
It is always the woman who humors
a man continuously who gets along bet
ter In the end. It is the woman, who is
always antagonizing, who takes such
delight In rubbing him the wrong way,
who eats her heart out in loneliness
and regrets.
A man can stand more coddling to
the square inch than a sick poodle can
to the square foot and the bigger the
man the more in the coddling line will
he smile over with a sweet, 6erene, su
preme content to which the poodle Is
stranger.
There are times when, if a spark ia
let alone it will die out, while at oth
ers the tiniest touch will cause an ex
plosion and the matrimonial artillery
will let out a deafening roar!.
But after' all Is said, I' guess the
whole matrimonial game is an experi
ment, at least the first plunge; the
second r:ay be an experience, and tha
third— well, that may.be either the
lashing _of Fate, or a special dispensa
tion of Providence, .
Flattery of action rather *Mn of
word is the incense that tteklea a man's
nostrils to a point of delectation that
is fairly ecstatic If ha recelres this
wholesome court at homo ho has so
desire to court it elsewhere.
The trick though must bo dono with
the skill of a Juggler to be successful.
To flatter clumsily is to insult hla bet
ter Judgment and his Intelligence, and
the woman may ba caught In tho act.
I have little sympathy for tho man
who Indulges in his libations to tha
point of irresponsibility, yet havo no
prejudices against the moderate uso of
wine. A man's manhood and senso of
pride should keep him from tha indul
gence that neither his head nor his
pedestals can stand sponsor for. But
there is ona thins certain, if ha is not
in the habit of indulging, and ona of
the accidents of sociability occurs,
whereby he comes home feeling glor
iously happy, too full to be perfectly
sober, and- too sober to ba actually
drunk, if he be in a good humor It ia
better to accept him in that mood than
to start In with a lecture that may
have only the effect of making him
surly and ugly.
"When he la cold sober, "in the cold
gray dawn of the morning after," the
chances are that 'a woman's influence
will do very much more good than it
would at the time when he was too
much under the influence to have him
self well in hand. In .that stage. Just
the medium between a well confirmed
drunk, and a being dead cold sober, a
man is very sensitive and the manner
in which he is received at home de
cides whether he shall remain good
natured or become ugly and unman
ageable.
Every normal woman hates an in
toxicated man and has little sympathy
for him. yet a treatment of common
sense will often do more good than a
tirade of abuse, and the man who ia
not accustomed to wine will bo
ashamed of himself if treated well.
whUe he would be rebellious and. angry
if iccturnO.
he wants to be let alone to the solid
enjoyment of one or both, and., the
woman who objects to either is apt to
find herself minus a hubby with an
accumulation of troubles on the side.
A man is rarely in ugly mood when a
fragrant cheroot nestles between his
lips and he feels the seductive kiss and
in the rings of curling blue builds his
castles in Spain and coddles a few
other pipe dreams.
When angered, or when the cigar has
outlived its usefulness, he tosses it
aside and therein the cigar and tha
woman are likened In a man's life. Ho
loves each, until each has lost its
oharm and then he throws aside the
woman as carelessly as he would tha
cigar.
The woman who tries to cast out tha
cigar will find herself the one to be
cast out.
Of course a woman with a sensitive
throat may nearly choke to death in
the surcharged tobacco atmosphere,
but the chances are that hubby- will
think she will get used to that, con
sequently she had better try to.
Anyhow the cigar is there to stay.
DON'T manage him too much.
. Don't let him suspect that he
is being managed.
And above. all things, let him
think that he is managing you.
Perhaps he may not \ be very much
managed at this rate,; ; but there will
be more peace in the household and
the end will be better accomplished,
which is the chief aim of matrimony
after all.
The old moth-eaten idea, "feed the
brute," will not pass muster now
adays. A man wants something else
in his home, and it depends upon how
the wife feeds him, whether he will
submit to being fed at home or seek
refuge in -his dub or at the nearest
chophouse.
The averaee man wants his wife to
look up to him. He may in his heart
know that she is a blooming sight
cleverer than he will ever dare hope
to be, but he likes to lay the flattering
unction to his soul that she .does not
know it, or if she does will, not be
tray it.
Many men are managed out of house
THE* SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
10The "Cfooti" SasK
O-f MONG the pretty things, when
f I making up your summer ward-
I robe, do not forget the tas3ella.ted
JL ornaments. A beautiful pair
of silk tassels are connected by
a wide band of silk braid and
are attached to the front of a b!ouse
waist. There are silky ornaments to
which wide colored silk tassels are at
tached, and these are used for the
trimming of the fronts of Etons, for
the decoration of girdles and for the
ornamentation of skirt panels, where
they make a very brave showing In
deed, stationed at the front of tha skirt
and falling a foot or eighteen Inches.
"With the summer ornaments must .b^
mentioned the chou sash. This is macta
by shirring black velvet Into a very
large and very hand3ome orcaciejit, aa
big as. perhaps, a tea plate. It la a
chou of black chiffon velvet, all folds,
and without loops or ends. It Is mada
from a circular piece of chiffon velvet.
which 13 shirred into an ornament of
this size and shape.
To the chou are fastened two Tery
long sash ends, which are lined with
black silk and which han^ very nearly
to the hem of the skirt, and are finished
with fancy fringe. Or, if preferred,
there can be a finish of knife plaited
chiffon. Or, the velvet can be finished
In a point and a handsome Jet orna
ment hung from the point.
Dame Fashion has so many quirks
and qulrls that one can indulge In a
wide variety of pretty ornaments with
out once going beyond her Immediate
domain, cr stepping outside the; fash
ionable limits which. £i« allowa her fol
loima.
to say nothing of saving the expense
of a hired man.
When the duties of gardening are
done and conscientiously done, the girl
who has hoed and raked and dug and
planted will flrd herself very tired
tired with that natural physical de3lre
for relaxation that few nervous men
and women ever know, In fact, that
only those who live in the open air can
know. Then Is the time for her to drop
dawn at once and rest. "When you feel
tired, really tired, it 13 quite time for
you to lay down spade and hoe. for
nothing Is well done which ia overdone.
Do not run into the house at this crisis
to don. a stiff corset and a stlffer shirt
waist. Find a cool, shady spot on the
lawn and drop down upon the breast of
Dame Nature in that healthiest of all
recllninc positions, a perfectly fiat atti
tude upon the back, with arms and
legs stretched out to* their full length.
In order to fully relai: every muscle,
fancy that you are in an earthen cra
dle, not 'that you are lying down, but
that something or some one la holding
you up. Let go of yourself and allow
yourself to fall restfully and trustfully
down upon the support held for you
and you will sink into such tranquil
comfort as you probably have never
known before. This, and this only, 13
complete repose. If you can Bleeps so
much the better; but if you cannot
sleep, at least cicse the eyes and try to
forget every harassing thing, every
disturbing doubt A month of such
mornings will take ten years from your
face, put ten pounds upon your figure.
or remove it, whichever it needs, and
give you a walk and way oC carrying
yourself that v.ill be the delight of your
friends and the envy of your enemies.
Do not fancy you are too poor to
have a garden. Nobody Is too poor for
that, not even the woman who must
live In a tent if she wishes to go away
from the city in the summer. Neither
imagine that you are too wealthy to be
your own gardener; for whatever the
size of your pocketbook there is no
royal road to a good complexion and no
path to health more beautiful than tha
rose-strewn path of your eardea
patch.
SOLVE MYSTERY OF SPHINX
POR 2000 years and more the be
lief has prevailed all over the civ
ilized world that the marvelous
figure of the Sphinx was intended
to represent a woman; but this theory
is now forever dispelled through the in
qulsltiveness of the<well-known Ameri
can student of antiquity. Colonel Ram,
who has Just solved the greatest enig
ma that ever perplexed mankind.
The great Image has fallen from Its
height of mighty mysteriousness, to be
shown by unassailable proof to be
nothing but a colossal portrait of Ra-
Harmachis, which, as god of the morn
ing and conqueror of darkness, faces
the rising sun.
Colonel Ram, whose discovery has
now made him world famous, has been
for some time past making excavations
around the Sphinx, but not until re
cently did he succeed in finally uncov
ering the foundations of the great
statue and' bringing to light many In
teresting features which were previous
ly unknown.
The haunting secrecy which has en
shrouded the . Sphinx for centuries
Colonel Ram has successfully pene
trated, but not until men had given
their lives to the attempt to unravel it.
legends and stories had been born in its
shadow and had died, and books, works
of a lifetime, had been completed and
destroyed and other equally ponderous
works raised on their ashes.
Colonel Ram. while he was removing
this fascinating. veil, has supplied the
Sphinx with a history the interest of
which quite makes up for the loss of
the mystery. •
Among the heretofore unknown fea
tures ot the stone figure which he has
just brought to light is the temple sur
rounding the* base, which was intended
for the worship of Harmachls, and sev
eral chambers u .?*v» 'a the rock which
were the tombs of Klsgs and priests
devoted to his worship.
Colonel Ram had already discovered
a stone cap with a sacred asp carved
on the forehead, which one© covered
the head of the Sphinx like a royal
helmet, and must have added to Ita
grandeur, particularly If it was glided.
as the colonel believes.
The Sphinx is net an Independent
structure. The body and head aro
actually hewn out of the solid rock, but
much sandstone masonry was built In
to make the outlines perfect and cover
defects in the material. This reinforce
ment of the original rock is apparent
now to a close observer, but originally
they were concealed, for scientists be
lieve the entire Image was once cov
erad with enamel. Indeed. It Is yet
possible to find fragments still adhering
to the surface which resemble the
porcelain tiles found in tombs and tha
rj«r« of th? ancient palaces.
and front, is built on one of the sound-
excellence, because every movement
and every breath is c. joy, fraught with
Interest and excitement and Intense
pleasure. Every physical culture
teacher will tell you that to be suc
cessful a system of exercises must con
tain a thought and a purpose. That is
v.hat gardening does contain. In her
Irtcns* dssire to s»-e the slander green
LMncs sprout the fashionable gar
dt?i:eES works with double vigor. Her
muscles are not driven by duty. They
cxpaad and contract unconsciously,
nnd thereby become straight and hard
and full of t>ov.cr. After the vigorous
tusslt v.-hh rake and hoe, with v.eed
and plant, he£ rest is ten times more
blissful and beneficial. She Hings her
.<¦• .IT down to sleep with complete relax
i.iio:i iLziC abandon, or sits down to cat
wftb the tri& apjynite of a farmer.
No irstruct'T in physical culture is
?"OU.il to a good, old-fassh.ion.cd rake.
T-> mike the exercise doubly beneficial,
when raking let the little gardener
ke«?p in mir<! a few of the simple rules
ct the physical culturist. The most
irritant of these is a "don't." Don t
bend from th« shoulders. Grasping your
rake f.rmly in b«>th hands and holding
the body perfectly erect, swing out
¦Mth a broad, free stroke and draw tho
dried grass of the freshiy mown lawn
toward you ts you would draw back
an car when rowing. If you must ber.d,
b*?rd slightly from the waist with each
movement, raking first to one side and
then the other. This rotary motion
v ill give you the best possible exercise
for the muscles of the torso and is
an excellent cure for chronic indiges
tion. With each movement draw in a
long, deep breath, exhaling slowly and
deliberately afterward.' Raking and
hocir.g, if properly done, are without
an <.<iual as exercises for the muscled
of the- forearm. They also have a ten
dency to develop the muscles across
the b.i« k and to give a breadth of
thoulder a hkh can Ze acquired in no
other may. Dut to be beneficial they
must be carried on in the correct way.
cr, instead of learning to carry your
self like the military man. you will
fall into the unbecoming and unneces
sary stoop of the farmer.
The woman who has the temerity to
ir.ovv her own Ijwn has discovered the
exercise of all exercises for the biceps
and the legs. One little woman gets up
very early every morning and donning
her bcthing suit creeps down the stairs
and out on the terrace in front of
her summer cottage, drags the creak
ing javn mower from its accustomed
place and determinedly pushes it up
and down the green stretch, up and
down the terraces and across every
grass-grown s:>ot until her muscles feel
fine and vigorous, her face is glowing,
her gardener is offended and her neigh
bors are her mortal enemies. She has
discovered a wonderful chest exercise,
however, and considers that worth all
the wrath she may incur. Standing en
the tc:> of the terrace and grasping the
handle br one hand she lets the lawn
xr.ower slide down as far as she can
reach, then, taking a long breath and
itrz.'m:ag her aim?, she pulls it up to its
first jKisition. lets it drop again with
the other hand, and so on.
The exercise Involved In digging about
one's plants with trowel and spade Is
one of the finest for the development
of the muscles of the abdomen. To get
the full benefit of such exercises fall
firmly upon the knees, being: careful
not to git back upon the feet and legs,
but to keep the body erect from the
knees u?. bending only at the waist,
when necessary, and holding the chest
erect. This centle but continued bend
ing of the waist from side to side, back
IT is the fad^ for every woman to
hce her own row in her garden.
The day when aU* fashionable fem
ininity sat in the gossiping corner
on the front piazza of a hot hotel and
regaled Itself with scandal and soda
is almost rasscd. Now every woman,
single cr rr.arrkd, seems to have hsr
own country retreat, be it only a log
cabin or a tent; and. with it. like foam
on the soda, goes always her garden—
r.ot the expensive, fancy garden of the
millionaire amateur, but a real. garden
thi.t yields peas and potatoes, as well
as roses, for the table ail summer lonp.
To have a garden, ir.e must have on.'
of two thir.jr— either a gardener or
plenty of time, preferably the tatter.
If one is addicted to indigestion or u
sallow completion or a bid temper, or
the moi>es or even to laziness, a gar
den without a. gardener is the best
tonic In the v.orIU. No other sport or
amusement offers such wonderful op
portunities for developing muscles, for
clearing away liver tints, for brighten
ing eyes, for making waists slender
ard chests high and strong. The girl
who successfully raises a garden dur
ing one single summer gets more of
the right kin<J of physical training
than she could possibly acquire in
many winters' work under the ex
pensive tuition of a foreign fencing
master and a Boston health culturist—
more than she couid ever get in the
best gymnasium built.
That is why so many women are now
"hoeing their own row," and it is
quite the smart and proper thing to
be caught, rake or trowel in hand and
sun-bonnet on head, in the midst of
jour garden patch, at the rear of your
colonial, summer mansion.
Gardening -is the feminine sport of
the hour. It is a physical training par
est principles set forth In the Swedish
method of exercising, so popular in
most gymnasiums. In addition to ab
dcminal exercises tfie digging process
involves a wrist exercise that is of no
mean value, and finger exercises that
no system of culture seems to include.
It gets the worker nearer Mother
Karth. too. and therefrom she breathes
health and life.
Using the garden hose is another
duty which r.iay be made a profit as
well as a pleasure. The young woman
who is Sn the habit of "walking all
over her own feet." as the Email boy
cxpres-std it. may, in this way, soon
come naturally by the proper method
of standing. Cra?i» the hose firmly
ard. poised wc'.l on the bull of* the
foot, draw the body ciect. If rou do
nut k::u\v liow to take the proper po
sition of ih:?t c:!il shoulders, a good
mental suggestion is to remember that
a book or basket is resting on top of
your head. He very careful not to al
low ih!s iinciginaiy book or basket to
fall and you will very shortly find
yourself walking about in a stately
manner with the abdomen in, the
chest high, th-i head Gracefully poised
and the toes properly tilted down
ward.
One of the latest fads of the smart
woman who has her country or subur
ban lawn and garden is that of going
barefooted in the clew. This source
of health was discovered by Dr.
Kneipp and is called the Kneipp cure.
To rise 'at four o'clock, don her "gar
den frock ar.d sunbonnet and spend
an hour parading up and down in the
wet grass, raking or mowing, or sim
ply running about, means years added
to any young woman's life and a tint
that would cost s^xty cents per box
added to her complexion. One may
take the Kneipp cure while one mows
one's lawn or hoes one's potatoes,
thereby adding to health, beauty, ap
petite and garden truck at one time.
THE SAN F!'A>:aSCO SUNDAY CALE.
GARDENING FOR BEAUTY'S SAKE.
11The Duchess of Roxburghe wore a
pretty gown the other day, its color
being black and Its trimmings white.
It was one of those magpie dresses
which are so liked abroad. It was a
Paris gown, with, plenty of Parisian
chic. The skirt was full and round and
untrimmed, save by a wide band of
handsome lace applique .upon the foot,
but this trimming, though plain and
almost classic in its severity, was all
sufficient.
. " The waist was a round waist, some
what on the shirt waist'order, flmmed
with three ruffles, which exteu Jed all
around it and around the upper part of
the sleeves also. Around the neck,
¦which waa semi-low— cue of those
round Dutch necks— there was laid a
beautiful collar ofwhlte lace embroid
ered with black silk threads, d rawn to
Imitate a beautiful daisy chain.
The Duchess of Marlborough wore on
the same occasion a lovely little gown
of old-fashioned white btrbblnet trim
med with lace ruffles, with abundant
hand embroidery running around the
skirt' above the ruffles. The embroidery
was very deep and was of the most ex
quisite order. The gown was worn over
a petticoat of beautiful lace.
In the fashion world there are con
tinually appearing new things or old
styles . worked up in new ways, and
among those there are many that catch
the eye at once by their beauty.
Lovely lace stoles, for instance are
Dame Fashion Is changing her plans,
but they are not abrupt changes that
will materially alter the layout' of the
coming gowns. Rather are they
Changes that bring out the prettiest
of the prevailing fashions, while others
that were not so pretty are obliterated.
Tho Gowns of a Duchess.
toward the back,. being slightly wider
at the middle of the back breadth.
And again one notices that skirts aro
trimmed with flounces that are straight
all the way around. They never grow
wider, nor do they narrow. They are
the little straight ruffles that were once
so much worn and which are revived
again in all their delicacy and pretti
ness. They are hemmed on the lower
edge and frilled on the upper.
¦ A Gown for Fall.
One lovely casino gown for fall is
made of figured silk. The background
is black and the figures, which are tiny
floral sprays, are in white and in raised
black. Around the bottom of the skirt
there are three ruffles of black taffeta.
TLese, instead of being strictly of the
ruffled type, are accordion plaited and
are set quite a little distance apart.
They are immensely effective upon this
background of black. And one of their
beauties is that they are very simple to
make.
And, to continue the skirt subject,
there can be mentioned, a very, full
skirt, which for actual beauty and gen
eral utility combined could not be
beaten. Its material was berege and
its color a seal brown. Half a dozen
rope shlrrings confined the hips. Then
the skirt hung very full. And around
the foot it was trimmed with three wide
bands of point de Flanders lace.
The fad for trimming cloth skirts
with lace, which started out as a tem
porary one, is becoming/permanent,
and the cloth gowns of fall will be lace
trimmed and lace ruffled. v •
A woman who goes to restaurant
dinners and who has many handsome
dinner gowns for such occasions is
wearing a gown that is made. of that
old-fashioned but ever beautiful ma-
terial, cashmere. It Is put together as
a shirt waist suit in three parts. There
is the waist, the skirt and the open
fronted coat.
But the novel part of thr-gown is the
skirt, which is very and is
trimmed around the foot- with three
bands of heavy lace. The lace 1b of the
sort that is put together with braid,
and is embroidered with fine stltchery
in the web. The making of this lace is
a pretty summer art. : SjSSi
Exquisite are- the collars which are
worn for restaurant dinners t and for all
occasions not strictly, full dress. And
not only, exquisite as to handiwork are
these, but very becoming to the wearer.
The lace collar, the lace stole, the wide
lace ruffle, which' is .laid around the
throat, and the deep lace frill," which is
thrown arcr jnd the shoulders, are all
an important part of the wardrobe.
Black taffeta dresses, with a large
hand-embroidered dot Wtjil raised from
the surface, are the neatest gowns th it
can be found, and what is more in their
favor, they are fashionable for all oc
casions. They can be worn for dinners
or, for luncheons or they can be made
up for evening.
The most fashionable gown of the
season is a black taffeta, with a large
black raised silk dot. The collar is
made of velvet, as are the cuffs, and
there* are pipings of turquoise blue satin
to finish both.
Pipings are more than ever the style,
and to pipe a gown with blue and
white Is a pretty sure jtvay to secure,
fastened around the neck of little silk
bolero coats, with the lace ends hang
ing well down in front and a beautiful
silk rosette adorning the neck.
Beautiful squares of ecru lace, show-
Ing a heraldic design, are appliqued
upon the right sleeve fit the hand
somest cloth gowns.
Great swirling patterns in braid are
appliqued to the front box, plait of tha
new linen shirt waists.
Braided designs in wash silk braid
are seen upon the cuffs of linen gowns
and ur>on the cuffs of silk dresses as
well, for braid is very fashionable.
Shirt waists costings upward of $60
are to be found at all of the fine es
tablishments. $
Deep lace cuffs are stiffened with
wire and slipped on over the cuffs of
silk shirt waists and overcoat cuffs and
the cuffs of wash dresses.
' P*-etty Fads of Dama Fashion.
Girdles are made of silk which Is
stiffened and cut to a point in the mid
dle of the front. This girdle is hand
embroidered and showscithe loveliest
of green flowers to ma£ch the green
trimmings of hat and go<wn.
Brown, which has held its own so
well all summer. Is to be a still more
popuiar shade for winter, and both seal
brown and navy blue twill lead in
fashion's march.
The dot, always so fashionable, is
coming in, and, where there was one
dotted gown before* there will now be
a dozen. The dot. to be fashionable,
must look as though done by hand, for
it Is the embroidered dot"whlch makes
the gown chic.
Though it is summer time, Dame
Fashion is by no means asleep. She
is busy designing her fall wardrobe
and getting together gowns that will
do for wear in Septemoer and Octo
ber. The backbone of the summer is
broken. But fall •- near and there
mu<*be gowns for the cool days.
O*«e of Dame Fashion's pretty freaks
is the rope shirring. This is Dy no
tnsans a novelty, but the Dame of
Fashion Is treating it in a noved way.
She is setting rope shirring around the
hips and is finishing the shirring with
the narrowest little frills. These frills
are really too narrow to be called ruf
fles. They are, as their name asserts,
Bimply frills. They are no more than
a quarter or half an inch wide and
they are made of lace or of narrow
ribbon. Sometimes the tiny frill is a
silk frill on the bias, single or dou
ble.
And Dame Fashion has another fan
cy. She sets rope shirring around the
Ekirt half waj down, just about at
# *hs knea line. And here she places
ruffes three inches wide. These ruf
fles are very full and are hemmed
upon the bottom edge. Sometimes they
are doubled and they are also edged
with lace. This makes a charming
trimming for the skirt, if one Is not too
stout to wear ruffles. But even the
Btout woman is contracting a taste for
them.
In these days when so much inter
est centers in the skirt and when the
styles in skirts change so rapidly. It is
nice to know that one can take the
necessary precaution ror. being in style
for at least one eeason to come. And
this can be done by trimming the skirt
in ype of two or three ways— ruffles,
lace bands or box plaiting.
The very latest advices from Paris
state that the new fall dresses of cloth
and of silk are trimmed around the foot
with ruffles that graduate a little
"And remember that the season is
one of details and attention to the lit
tle things."
Dame Fashion Never Sleeps.
of cherry satin. "Don't forget that ruf
fles are becoming very stylish. If you
want to be ¦ dressy, make your gown
all ruffles. That is the way to be in
the very height of style. ,
How to make the lovely afternoon
dress *r£Jch can be worn to restau
rant dinner, a ladies* lunchr^vn, a re
ception, or upon a nice calling expe
dition — An up-to-date casino and res
taurant dinner costume is the very
latest addition to every woman's
wardrobe.
By Augusta Prescott.
THERE they lay, sidc c by side,
ready to be packed in a trunk.
Gowns to be worn all the year:
An£ there stood the trunk,
"Wilt to Ct^the. gowns, made to order,
just the right length and Just the right
width, with a place in the top for the
hats that matched tht gowns.
They were casino gowns, all of them!
And all were to be packed arid shipped
away to the mountains. The fashiona
ble woman who had order^I them was
waiting to wear them ar.<?. »he gowns
were already late in the delivery, for
they were for th<* middle season.
"It makes no difference how late they
are," said the modiste with a shrug.
"For thl/ are built to x)e worn all the
yeai around. They are just as pretty
in the wl&^er as in the summer . and
just exactly as suitable in the fall as
in the spring.
"That is the way with the new
gov/ns. They must be made to wear
all this season and all -aext Eeason. A
gown that is for summer only would
have a very poor run of popularity.
"The casino gown." continued this
authority, "is one that can be worn in
the afternoon upon the pier. It is suit
able for the board walk on afternoon
occasions. It can -be worn to garden
parties and to piazza teas aim' it makes
a fine gown for a drive in one's Victo
ria.
"Later this same gown, if carefully
cared for, is tb-» thing to wear calling.
And, with a few additions, it makes a
very acceptable reception '* gown. Its
usefulness is not limited to a single
season, for it is a gown that lasts over!
"To be more specific, so that you can
understand how perfectly this can be
done, you must hear about one of these
dresses. It is a gray canvas of the
shade of gray that never goes out of
style. It is almost a silver gray and
the Ekirt Is very full. It Is tucked
around the hips and around . the foot
there are three little tucks. The style
is one that will not go out this season.
"Now comes the pretty part of the
skirt. There is a yoke of Irish crochet
lace, heavy and dyed gray, the exact
shade of the gown. The yoke is ad
justable and is fastened^ around the
waist by a belt which is put on«>fter
the ekirt is on.
A Gown for All Seasons.
"When the wearer bo desires, she can
leave off this hip yoke of lace, or can
Eubstitute one of black . lace, thus
transforming the gown without de
tracting anything from its 6tyle.
"Or Ehe can do still better. She can
apply a deep hip yoke of lace through
which ehe can thread ribbons, this
making one of those new hip yokes, all
threaded with narrow bands, of £Jack,
immensely pretty and stylise.
"The waist has a round blouse, shir
red across the yoke with heavy rope
Khlrrings and finished with a yoke of
Irish crochet trimmed with long motifs
of lace. La^e rosettes with turquoise
centers were arranged down the front.
"Don't forget, when you are planning
your casino gown, to nQke it adjust
able, that is to make it so it can be
tronsformed from one kind of a gown
to another. Let the trimmings be of
the sort that can be removed and other
ones substituted.
"If I were a woman of fashion." said
this modiste with much emphasis. "I
would insist that my gowns be all
made on the very pretty semi-dress
style, for then one always looks nice,
and one -an always be Bure of having
a gown to wear. This is the secret of
nice dressing. Never maLe anything
that looks plain or common, for you
may be sure that you will look plain
and common when you are dressed in
!L You cannot expect your personality
to excuse a gown whose lines are bad.
"And another thing." said the dress
maker, pausing to pick up and spread
out a lovely little taffeta dress of blue
and white check, trimmed with bands
Or take the tight, old-fashioned ltt»
tie wrist cuff and cut it off. Gather
the sleeve and pull the pucker stlnjt
tight so that the sleeve Is gathered a
little below the elbow. Now makd a
long tight fitting cuff and set" It into
the sleeve. This cuff must bell a lit
tle over the hand and be finished wlta
a lace frill.
There is a new style of neck flnfaa
which is very much liked. It looks
very much like a collar, and. indeed,
it is such. But, Instead of being cut
square In sailor fashion, it Is cut In
two long deep points in front that
come down almost to the belt line.
These points are edged with Valen
ciennes lace, which goes all the way
around the collar. There are Ions
deep points upon the shoulders that
come down over the sleeve quite t« the
elbow. The back Is finished in a point.
This is charming carried out In plecs
lace.
Handsome Waists of White Lace.
Very handsome autumn waists are
made of liberty satin and these waists
are not necessarily expensive. They
may be In a deep shade of oyster white,
trimmed with pale white lace, and
finished with applications of lace of a
deep shade of ecru.
It is very fashionable to make lace
waists of half a dozen shades of white
lace and to use the lace aa one would
use flounces of silk, with one flounce
faljing over the other. • :n.
in a shade of lemon white, is
appllqued witn medallions ; of lace In
blue-white, while the whol* is em
broidered In stitches tnat are In a
shade of pearl. This gives several
shades of white and makes the waist
much smarter than If It were all of a
single tone.
It is very «rcart, indeed, to fasten
your white girdle with small black
velvet buttons. Set a double row of
these buttons at the side and hook
your girdle invisibly underneath. A
white satf-* stock Is secured in the
same manner, by invisible fastenings.
with double rows of black velvet but
tofi!* at each aide o* the stock.
Don't forget the little touch of
black upon all fall gowns.- It ia ab
solutely necessary for the style of the
gown. Tiny black velvet buttons are
very becoming to nny dress.
Deep black silk cuffs with wide
white lingerie frills are about the
smartest things In the cuff line and
they give the touch of black and white
so necessary to any gown, no matter
what its color.
The glfl who wants to be very chl©
will put In her spare time making
wheels of lace and wheels of silk, Let
the wheels be about the size of a sil
ver dollar, and in the middle of *ac>
set a small button. The 'ace wh*eia
have In the center another little whMl
of lice, and for evening It is. the thing
to place the tiniest button rose In th*
middle of the lace wheel.
S Don't forget the saving grace of a
colored medallion of silk. A woman
whose ecru voile suit was on the varr*
of collapse brought it back to Uf» and
beauty, by applying light blue wlk em*
pieceruents to the bolero Jacket. 8h«
set *ix of these on each side of th»
jack-jt, and she placed six around th*
back, so as to border the edge. Then
she 'added a few to the skirt, outlining
a hip yoke. This gown, worn with a
blue shirtwaist and a blue hat, was
very fetching.
This is a halcyon day for tha rrtaJca*
of sleeves. Take your old sleeves and
cr { * off the cuffs. Now fasten In a
lingerie cuff, where once the silk cofS
was, and you will have a very pretty
frill for the hand.
its general style. The lltle line of white
gives It the required note of color.
One gown of a lovely shade of brown,
perhaps a yellow brown, had Its ruf
fles. Its bias bands. Us frlll3 and Its
stock. Its collar and Its cuffs all piped
with coral red, at the edge of which
v here was a very narrow line of white.
Don't forgetCthe Importance of piping
If you want a pretty gown, and let
there be > tracing of white.
And here. Is an Important thins to
remember, also: Let there be some em
brqidery o^lace application upco your
ar.ernoon "Wrt waists.
Take yotir 0 wal3t of black crepe da
chine and purchase for It two yards of
white lace In heavy leaf pattern, with
email raised white flowers. Set a pane:
down the front from the neck, to the
belt. Then place a band of It across
the yoke in such a way that the trim
ming will extend over the shoulders
and down on the sleeves. Let the cuffs
and the stock be trimmed In the tam*
manner.
For the Very Chlo GIrL
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL*.
THE CASINO GOWN IS NOW THE FAD
12.of the editorial sanctum or the counting room. Therefore he
looked about him for more worlds to conquer. In the course of
his wanderings he found a defunct and mdre or less malodorous
railroad in a back alley, where some- one had thrown it away the
night before. Napoleon took it home and "cared for it tenderly,
nursing it back to life and bathing it gently with further issues of
common stock and overdue mortgage bonds. The line of the road
was somewhat uncertain, but as far as can be discovered at this
late day it began in the fertile imagination of a promoter and
ended in the bankruptcy court. |'v.j.'.
Having brought his alleged railroad to a point where it could
go out without a nurse, the man proceeded on his way to farrie and
a prominent place among the subscribers to the Indian famine
fund. His next venture was in politics, that legitimate field of
activity for every man who has not been actually convicted, of
crime. The convictions usually appear as a finale rather than as
an overture. There was a nomination for Congress going around
the district knocking at all the back doors and begging for some
one to take it out of the cold. The embryo Napoleon was a man
of unusual courage, as may be seen from the fact that 1^ opened
the door at the first knock and dragged the nomination. in by the
nape of the neck. No waiting to be called into the game by. his
more or less loving friends for hinii. Of course he was elected. It
was not on the cards that he should fall down on a simple little
thing like a Congressional election after he had breathed new life
into a newspaper and brought a dying railroacCout of the sani
tarium.
Having become duly chosen as one of the nation's legislators
,the next thing was to make good. He was not enamored of the
old-fashioned idea that a legislator's sole duty is to legislate. He
had a newspaper wherein he could J^int out the mistakes of the
other fellows and the superlative excellence of his own acts, be
sides butting into the Congressional Record with leave to print
on every possible occasion. He had a railroad that entitled him
to rank as one of the promoters of the vetted interest of the
country, although a vest pocket pocket interest would have been
a better definition. Now it'was up to him to make himself manu
facturer of something that he could sell to the Government at a
profit not to exceed ioo per cent, except in unusual circumstances.
To this end he bought a controlling interest in a factory for the
manufacture of rubber heels and had a bill passed requiring the
brave defenders of the country to be shod with the Napoleon Jar
on .the Spine and Surplus Eliminators. That was the way he paid
for the factory, vl)'.
He had now reached a" point V?h ere he signed all his letters
with a rubber stamp andrarried a stenographer around with him
when he traveled. It wasn't really necessary, but all the men of
affairs he had ever read about did it and he wanted to be in the
swim. He was the director of not less than six different compa
nies and was in a position to give advice on all topics of general
interest, from the -international policy of the United States Gov
ernment to the care and cultivation of peanuts. The college com
mencement thatwas without an oration from the latter-day Na
poleon was a barren waste, and he had a string of honorary de
grees that wrapped around h\( name four times and lapped over
at least a foot. Surely he was now a man of affairs. At least he
didn't know anything in particular about any one thing, but he
could give an imitationjtf an 7 man who suspected a whole lot. If
that isn't what makes a man of affairs, then the dictionary needs
to be revised.
About this time the people who had the honor of furnishing
the paper on which his alleged newspaper was printed began to
be impertinently curious as to the exact time when they might ex
pect a small payment on account of last year's bills. The Napo
leon wouldn't be bothered with -such things and referred them to
his cashier. That gentleman responded with the vulgar witticism
that there was no cash here. Also the stockholders in his railroad
were making inquiries about the date of the arrival of the next
dividend. To make matterr worse a Congressional committee was
looking into the price of .rubber heels with a view to ascertaining
the exact length of time that the world at large might be relieved
of the presence of the gentleman who was selling the articles in
question. to the 7 Government. The whole financial structure that
he had erected with such expenditure of cerebral energy and calo
rified atmosphere went to smbash in a single night and the imita
tion Napoleon departed for South America on the next day's
seamer.
At this point we may properly return to the eggs mentioned
in the beginning for the purpose of remarking that instead of put
ting his eggs all over the place the man would have done better to
have deposited them all in one basket and then sat on the bas
ket. They might have hatched that way.
— Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt.
THIS is a discourse on eggs. (The janitor will please expel the
gentleman who said "eggsactly." A serious meeting must
not be disturbed by frivolous remarks.) Having opened the
subject and stuck our typewriter under one corner of it to
keep it from closing prematurely before we return, we will pass
on to the subject-matter of our discourse. A text is only for the
purpose of allowing the congregation to get settled and find the
place in the hymn books. The relation of the sermon to {he text
wil^be shown later on in the game.
There was once upon a time a gentleman from the back
woods who aspired to be what is called by the newspapers a man
of affairs. He wasn't particular what ... the affairs were or to
whom they belonged. All that he walked to do was to butt into
everything in sight except the State's prison. He had a large con
tempt for those mediocre individuals who are content to have only
one iron in the fire at a time. He had read pipe dreams about the
men who manage several great businesses with one hand tied be
hind them and break golf scores and work in the garden between
times. So he said to himself, "Go to, I will get me out into the cir
cumambient atmosphere and get me busy with three or four stu
pendous undertakings that will push me into the next volu'me of
'Who's Who and Why/ and will guarantee me at least a column
interview on the pier ev|ry time I sail for Euro*~." 0 Q
The fact that he had ifever managed anything more important
than a mule team hitched to a breaking plow didn't bother him
to any great extent. Although he had never been a Napoleon of
finance he thought that he knew the combination. Besides, wasn't
he a more or less free-born American citizen, anc haven't all such
the right and the ability to do anything t anybody that conies
down the pike? With this pious end in view he packed his an
cestral carpet bag and hit the trail. Ha was going to be out for
his own right from the getaway, and the more he could own the
better. The very first crack out of the box he bought a half in
terest in a broken-down newspaper that was lying around waiting
for some one to put it out of its misery. He didn't have any
capital, but the man who had been paying the bills before the in
cipient Napoleon hove in sight was too glad to get his white ele
phant off his hands to worry any one about paying him for the
privilege of performing the operation. The only trimg that the
former owner wanted to do was to sidestep the monthly bills.
After acquiring an infinitesimal portion of the great molder of
public opinion the nyin who would butt in issued to himself a few
hundred thousand dollars of first preferred and made up a num
ber of bales of common as a premium to subscribers. Printing is
cheap, and he was determined that at least a million homes should
have a framed stock certificate hanging in the parlor.
Being, as we have indicated, a Napoleon of finance and not a
mere newspaper editor, the man was not content to sit down and
watch the subscriptions roll in. Not for him the orderly quiet
By Nicholas Nemo
EGGS AND HIGH FINANCE
Fables for tKe Foolish
'It's queer that girls nowadays prefer the busy-buzz-saw-buggy. In
the old-fashioned horse affair a man could have one arm free anyhow if
the good old horse were the only thing in sight.
Some political "booms" need nothing so much as a Coroner's inquest.
The check book is mightier than the alimony clause.
? • * *
Ambition is the fidgety bumptiousness of a man who wants to step
over his own head.
H\ * * ?
Now cometh the summer days when the maiden carries her bathing „.
suit in an opera-glass bag, when the kidlet in a tomato salad .negligee
escorts net* to tne Deacn.
Some men go through life pretty ¦much as a dors with a -hain to
his collar and a woman yanking at the business end.
If a negro adventuress could wheedle «a cool million out of ? New
York millionaire how much could a hard working deserving whue
Now cometh the dog star day.s, when the thrifty housewife may live on
the delicatessen plan.
'It would take more than a skyscraper elevator to" elevate some
Of course a woman has more temper than a man. Doesn't she ha:e
to worry with the man? Sure. . ' * . .
What's the use of slandering our monkey ancestors? .DonYwe see
every day that a large percentage were descended from' asles?
The wine that \s red is "more to .our taste than the whine that is
Always get all that you can out of others. It keeps them from
being selfish. -.
Always criticise people. It .yanks the conceit out of them with such
Johnnie found a patientmule; ¦
..; Me didn't 'think 'twould kick,
So Johnnie thought he'd tickle him
@ : With wheat head3 on a stick. . ® ¦
He tied the wheat heads good and .tight, -
. . So tickled with the trick — ¦J&.-.-j'
(3 • Johnnie's now an angel chiltf
And, got there P. D. Quick.
Man wants but little here below, but wants it on ice at this season.
A sudden shower and a new summer hat is responsible for many a
When & man wants to lie at a girl's feet to worship her he should
Some people take themselves so seriouslj' that it is downright funny.
A political boom often goes up like a rocket — explodes, there's a
little whiff of powder, and really there's no stick to it.
* * *
" A man who talks loudly about himself is often like thunder —
bi^ noise, no dsmage.
It wouIJ be a lovely old world if every one estimated us as we
estimate ourselves.
A man often thinks the fellow who does not agree with him a
. When you want to ask favors of a man be sure to select a time when I
his cafe department is hi good working order.
Many wives think it a jnoral duty to subject a husband's self conceit
cto a continuous ice spray, treatment.
It is a blessing for the happy home that husbands and wives do not
always know exactly what each thinks of" the other.
••*.?*
The decrepid old Ncvr York millionaire* who lavished a cool* million
on a tawny adventuress and who has cooled off and wants his presents
back proved himself a fool and the woman a blooming smart coon.
If women were as crazv to be as they are to be beautiful
yellow journalism would go <Sut of business.
The household angel may be the most insufferable prig or ungov
ernable tyrant that- ever happened.
€)¦¦¦¦_. I . . * ,V;* , . , , , ,. .
Never harx around the rear end of a mule when you feel foohsh.
g Before sailing for the other side Miss Susie Busy-Bee Anthony
asserted that women did not know how to spen^l money. Oh. papa,
wouldn't that put cleets on your chin music?
* ?' ;P ;??¦¦
A man coes not realize that he has corns on his conscience till some
one tramps on them and calls him up short.
Some things you may have for the askings-others for the price.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CATC.MRS. M. (Sachet ... pqwder).-fMany
women- are quite expert in making
sachet powders from the flowers, but
others .fail most miserably. The, secret
A SALAD OF ICED CHERRIES.
(Mrs. M. G.)— Why not serve a dainty
fruit salad with the game course? Pro
cure one -large can each of white and
red California cherries, remove the pits
without breaking the, fruit and fill the
.cavities with minced walnut meats
moistened with mayonnaise or finely
chopped sweet peppers. Stand the cher
ries on Ice until chilled, arrange nests
of finely shredded crisp lettuce edged
with small heart leaves en small plates.
Fill the nesta with assorted cherries
and a spoonful of thick, cold mayon
naise dressing, topped with a single
red cherry and tiny leaves cut from a
green pepper. This salad will be found
most toothsome, as well as a decided
table attraction.
Answers tc?
Correspondents
A. B. C." (An oily noise).— Sulphate of
zinc, 4 grains; compound tincture of
lavender, 16 drops, and distilled water,
2 ounces. Use it as a lotion. In some
cases where the skin Js excessively
oily it is necessary to remove the oil
front . the cuticle. Where this is so.
It Is well to wipe the skin with s® serf t
rag impregnated , with benzine before
using -the lotion. ¦ ? . ,
STYLES. FOR STOUT WOMEN
(Mrs. Henry M.). — It is difficult to
cover this ' subject in a limited space
because of the many things which may
be done by the stout woman to keep
her dress up to date and yet greatly
disguise her increasing bulk. You can
be strictly in style and yet not copy
literally the fashions of the seasons if
you will but adapt the mode to your
requirements. Careful- changes here
and there will- eliminate objectionable
features or, make the more becoming.
In short, use only the salient lines as
a ¦, basis to work on. .'Bulk about the
hips makes the 1830 skirt and hori
zontal trimmings. undesirable, for both
will accentuate apparent size. You
may, ; however, have a modified 1S30
skirt with narrow front, panel, sides
and back gored with : very scant full
ness over the • hips, plaited or dart
fitted into the belt. Many gored
TO SWEETEN THE BREATH (Ger
trude).—If you suspect that your breath
is tainted lose no time in correcting the
evil. Offensive breath pollutes the very
air. you breathe and becomes a source
of misery to those with whom you are
brought into close contact! Do not re
sort to highly perfumed lozenges, but
discover the source of the trouble and
treat It properly.- It may come' from a
disordered stomach, catarrh of the
throat and bronchial tubes, nasal pass
ages or from the teeth. The latter
cause is easily remedied by regular vis
its to the dentist and by. - scrupulous
care of the teeth, the thorough brush
ing of which should never be neglected,
even for a day. Ask your physician to
prescribe a remedy for disordered stom
ach if ; this is , the seat of the trouble.
The disturbance may not be severe
enough at present to occasion real dis
tress, and - yet may create an offensive
breath. Should nasal trouble be sus
pected a simple and effective remedy in
with a hem and tucks, e*cn two inches
wide, with space the same width be
tween. This style of trimming Is not
objectionable, but bands of a contrast
ing color would be, even at the foot of
a skirt: all cross lines and especially
those about the waist have a broaden
ing effect and the stout figure must be
given height by long lines which run
unbroken from ; the shoulder to the
waist line. * To obviate severity- break
the lines with some transparent trim
ming such as. lace. Belts or girdles
should be very narrow and are -most
becoming, when pointed downward at
the back and front and should be in
black to match the costume. Avoid
sleeves which are too fancy; many
lines at different angles increase the
apparent size of .a large arm. The
newest collarless corset jacket or the
semi-fitted coat adjusted by center
back and under arm seams, only with
shawl collar facing and bishop
sleeves, are practical for traveling, and
the dressy loose co§.ta In long hip
length for calling. The eton jacket
is scarcely advisable for a stout figure.
doubtless responsible for present con
ditions. The padding has . overheated
and compressed the muscles so long
that their expansion has been retarded.
The corset and all undergarments must
fit well, but should be loose enough to
permit perfect freedom. With summer
so near it is an easy' matter to make
the new waists loose and full across
the bust in soft frills, bertha effects,
etc., which will disguise the lack of
form until the figure has improved., Be
particular to keep the diet simple and
nourishing and exercise freely in the
open air. Practice the following move
ments before retiring and again in the
morning after five minutes spent In
deep breathing: Grasp a light dumb
bell in both hands and slowly raise the
hands upward until they come together
over the head; then slowly lower to the
sides. Next bring the hands to center
front of chest and thrust the arms
straight out from the shoulder, not too
forcibly, and bring them back again.
This will strengthen the muscle3
around the armpits and central part of
the chest. To feed the shrunken tissues
apply a pure skin food and rub it in
well before retiring, using the finger
tips only and with gentle pressure.
SUGGESTIONS FOR A DH3T
(Maud).— In fitting up a den all the col
ors should be rich and dark to grv© th«
needful repose and stability to the
scheme. Pale, flippant decorations must
have no place In this apartment. Avoid
collecting a meaningless lot of trifling
objects the distinctive qualities of
which are based upon freaklshness of
form. Decide upon a style of furnish
ing and then abide by its requirements.
The fad for Oriental effects has been
somewhat overshadowed of late by the
recognition accorded to home art— the
beautiful Indian pottery, bead baskets
and blankets of the United States. Cov
er the walls of the den with dull forest
green paper or burlap, having the
necessary furniture of weathered oak
and the dark oiled floor relieved by
rugs in rich but subdued colors. Ar
range Indian relics over and on the
•oak mantel and curtain the doorways
and cover the couch with Indian blank
ets. Those made by the Indians of New
Mexico are obtainable at reasonable
prices in black, red. blue, yellow and
green. Pillows of dull red or blue bur
lap embroidered in beads or raffia are
particularly harmonious associated
with the blankets, and the stamped de
signs and materials are obtainable at
first-class shops dealing in fancy
goods. Pillows of leather with an In
dian head painted or embroidered, with
edges finished by a fringe of leather.
are* also artistic. As the room is merely
Intended for a lounging place, a bril
liant light is unnecessary, hence I
would advise hanging lanterns of
wrought Iron, with globes of dark ruby
or amber glass.
is in 'tie combination and in . using a
"binder" -which develops arid holds t-jp ¦
flow er. odors, in a bouquet. Remember,
rose leaves aiid petals of other flowers
should be thoroughly dried for/ sachet
powders.. Take care not -'to 1 let/them
gather mold in the process. Here is a
delicious' powder: .".--.. "r ¦¦
Powdered Horentlne orris.... ..8 ounces
Rose leaves (air dried) ..10 ounces
Musk .in. powder -.20 ounces
Lavender flowers .'i, ounces
t-'ivet \. .....10 ounces
Mix well and keep closely corked un- :
til you wish to use for'the sachets.'.-"
ELSIE (Beltsy-Belt, buckles of \ all
descriptions are being worn and you
can g^t them for any price, but I
should advise you to send for a leather
belt to match your gown. They range
from twenty-five cents to a dollar. and
a quarter. The cheaper ones really are
very good and I think will answer your
purpose quite as well as the more-ex
pensive o-nes. That Is, of course, If
you can match your gown. Send a
sample along so you will not runthe
risk of having to return It.
COUNTRY GIRL (Embroidery).—
Certainly you can send to any shop in
the city that carries a line of embroi
deries-and they will send you the cen
ter piece stamped as you order it. -Be
careful not to get flowers, like roses,
that require a great deal of shading, ¦
for they are difficult to do nicely and
require experience. Violets are always
pretty, and you can work them in
white and so get used to the linen and
hoops. State the price you want to
pay and you will get In return some
pretty design. There are frequent sales
at the emporiums and at such times
you can get a fairly good square for
fifty cents. I believe the Bilk comes
ten cents for three skeins or seven for
twenty-five cents.
SADIE (tally cards).— The prettiest
Idea I have seen lately for tally cards
is flowered wallpaper. Buy It by the
yard and cut the flowers out and put
a piece of baby ribbon through a tiny
silt so that it may be fastened to each
player. Deep red roses shading to pink
are especially fetching. This way of
making them is very inexpensive, and
as they servo beautifully for place
cards at the supper table the same
color scheme is prettily, and success
fully carried out. ,
ALBERTA (superfluous hair).— I can
tell you the name of a patent medi
cine that is harmless but that is very
effective in removing hair, "hut I. can
not tell you through the pffer. Send
your full name'and address and I will
be glad to help you. |
MRS. J. LI. (aromatic bath).— Here
is a bath that Is most excellent for
nervous women: -• -;'.• • -, ¦
Sage 25, grammes
Komarin ;.....'. so grammes
fcerpolet ; '....40 grammes
Menthol ..15 grammes
Lavender flowers ...... ....25 grammes
Make an infusion in about a quart of
boiling water. Let it stand until cold.
Strain. Pour the liquid Into the bath;
tie the leaves together in a bag of
cheese doth, and throw the bag into
the^ bath also. • '
BROWN EYES , (moth patches) .—
This may help you, as it is a bleach
for moth patches and: liver :. spots:;. ,,.
Kaolin "..4 grammes
• Lanolin .....................10 grammes
Glycerin. .V...4 grammes
Carbonate "of magnesia.. .'. .2 gramhies
Oxide of zinc :...;.-..;-.; .r:.;. 2 grammes
. This should • be applied to ; the spots at
night before * retiring and . should re
main, on until the: next morning. Re
move bv the a,ld,of tepid water and a
little pure hygienic soap. Repeat- the
application as of ten as . necessary.
' "CARIIJG FOR ! "A r DELlCATEi SKIN'
(Edna).— A ; delicate skin, Inclined \. to
dryness as -well • as ' to * wrinkles at ( an
early [. age, - requires vastly .'different
treatment', from | an oily skin. ", The. care
which, would' cleanse and", beautify the
latter^ouldiraln.a.dry-skln. . Protec-:;
- tion; - f rprii v cold, \.- raw; lor hot- dry*
winds) ; either . of V which quickly parch
•th£ sklri.js essential. -The lack of nat
ural ;oll» must bo* supplied | from time to .
* timeA to. 1 preserve .. the , : delicate tissues
and; texture of the \skin inclined to , be
dry.". iAVrinkles appear as soon "as a
starved-, condition -• of ;." the sebaceous
glands "prevails and it is only by nour
ishing j.h> underlying tissues yy a pure
skin food that one .can hope U» 'restore
the contour of the face and keep wrin
kles in : 'abeyahce. • Steaming is. not ad
visable for a dry skjn.-even occasional
ly, andvhot water should not~ be used
ofterier than three or four times a
week. Keep the skin clean by using
tepid water and a pure soap, preferably
castile.'f being very careful to always
rinse the face with cold water, whether
or not hot. or tepid water has been' first
employed.. Always follow the'cold rins
• ing with *..¦& little cold ! cream, well
rubbed in, to counteract the drying ef
fects ol\ the hot water. Discard the
Turkish wash cloth, which is too harsh,
and substitute one of old soft linen or
white' flannel, and pat, rather than rub,
the face dry with a soft towel. In brief,
such a skin as described must be treat
ed a good deal like a bit of fine porce
lain to preserve its delicate beauty.
After the nightly face bath always ap
ply a good skin food and rub in gently
until the skin ceases to absorb quickly,
being careful to rub across the wrin
kles. Du not hasten the application, as
the manipulation Is Important in assist
ing the skin in the process of absorp
tion as well as exciting rapid circula
tion. Be careful to buy only, the best
skin food or make it at home after the
following forftfttla: Take two ounces
oil of sweet aimonds, one ounce lano
line, one ounce concentrated extract of
witch hazel, two ounces cocoanut oil,
orie ounce strained mutton tallow, sixty
drops of simple tincture of benzoin and
thirty drops extract of white rose.
Beat the oils to a cream, then slowly
stir in the benzoin drop by drop, and
then the witch hazel and perfume. Pour
into small china jars and keep in acool
place and well covered.
• HOW TO FIT A SLEE VE (Begin
ner).—-The secret of a perfect fitting
sleeve depends largely upon how it is
set In the armhole. If this part of the
work is. faulty the sleeve .will never
set correctly no matter how well it is
made. Try on the fitted waist and see
if the armhole is large enough. Do
not tamper with it unless absolutely
necessary, for a miss cut here will ruin
the waist. If it feels too snug cut
away one-half inch underneath and
graduate upward in front to a mere
thread at the shoulder seam; never
cut out at the back. Slip the finished
Bleeve on the arm and pin the inside
seam of sleeve about two inches for
ward of: the underarm seam of . the
waist, or as indicated by a notch or
; perforation in the pattern used. Baste
the sleeve In-carefully, gathering the
fullness in the top of the sleeve and
placing center top edge of sleeve, usu
ally indicated by a notch in the pat
tern, to: the shoulder seam. > Try tjie
waist* o'ti and. if the "sleeve wrinkles an
the upt)er ; arm, u pulling downward *ft>
ward the underarm seam, the seam of
the sleeve "must be raised forward and
upward ."toward : the: shoulder, .seam
one-half ,inch or more, which will
smooth out the wrinkles. -Should the
;inslde ; seam:of ;the sleeve set. up over
the arm and the top of the sleeve push
outward at the back, the seam is placed
too- high- ins the armhole and "must be
.moved,, nearer the underarm seam of
.waist. '.: .-" ' ¦
TO \ ENLARGE THE BUST (A. M.
L.).— When the health ls-«:ood and the ?
.body fairly well': developed except the
bust, it':, should . be ; comparatively easy
to build up this part of the'body. First
of all,'; you must change your method of
dressing, v;, Heavily I padded ,v .waists
Icldbely ntted*acr6ss'the bust arid the so
called, bust forms are ruinous. to phys- 1
leal development and In your case are, -
WHEN TO WEAR GLASSES
(Mary).— It is no exaggeration to say
that more people willfully or Ignorant
ly abuse the eyes than any other part
of the body. Silly vanity prompts the
non-use of glasses until the eyes are
bo strained that serious consequences
follow, the most formidable of which Is
opacity of the crystalline lens common
ly known as cataract, for which there
Is no remedy except the knife, or a.
system of absorption, which merely
keeps the foe at a standstill for a
time. When there is a dull, heavy paia
In the lower back part of the head,
with sharp irregular pains extending
over the back of the nee!-, above the
ears and also around the eyeballs, with
more or less throbbing pain through
the temples and forehead, you may be
sure the eyes need rest and glasses.
The symptoms mentioned are usually
more noticeable after an evening at thu
theater or similar place, when an effort
Is made to concentrate the sight on a
given point for a length of time. On«
or all of the symptoms may be present
according to the fatigue suffered.
Keeping the eyes flsed upon swiftly
moving objects is the most concluslT*
test of Imperfect vision, for It soon
gives a person a sense of nausea, as
well as a severe headache. Again.
through ignorance of the true cans* of
the trouble, medicine Is being constant
ly taken to relieve various disorders
which in reality are merely warnings
of eye troubles and which will yltld
to nothing but the rightful treatment,
which is usually correctly fitted
glasses. If glasses are needed consult
a skilled oculist and obey his instru*.
tions Implicitly. Be sensible and wear
glasses whenever nature demands as
sistance, regardless of your age.
JT°S an assured fact that no one
will get more fun and re^l enjoy
ment out of the isfflmer than th_ [
new feminine type known as the
porch girl. % #
To all appearances she is 3/1 artless
ttl£3, b;.t there is method in ilcr hold
ing court on the piazza from early
summer until late in the.; fall, and
many a human fly will be^eaught ami
Keld fast in the mesh of §ie pveb
which her busy fingers are so intent on
spinning. In her cool, pretty frockf she
sits serenely and happily, in herceoMrt,
while her sisters parade the seashore
and swelter in stuffy rooms and fondly
imagine they are keeping up the pace
set by tjf.r- smart set-
Vot for Miss Porch Girl. ''It the fam
ily arc lucky enough to possess Se?
country bungalow she packs herself,
bag and baggage to it and then pro
ceeds to make the most of every op
portunity. And, by the way, even if
the is doomed to stuy at home, she has
wakened to the realization that then;
arc opportunities on all sides of her
and that all they -rant is prizing. ;
"Jump from the trying pan into the
fire? Excuse me," she says emphat
ically ¦<• hen ap avalanche of alluring
invitations coirie from rusticating
souls. "I'm happy just wh^tf- 1 am,"
for with her other accomplishment?
this lady fair is a philosopher, and £he
reasons things out -to suit herself.
One idea is p %ntcd firmly in hej
h'_-ad. Hhc intends to hold a delightful
court en the cottage ."porch. Not such
a 'fie. -£ind you, as grandmother did,
but one tl:at will differ in glory even
tu> the sun ofctshlneth the moon.,
Wore often thitn not she possesses
limited possibilities. For instance, a
enio.ll porch on the surrix aide of the
house does not look especially alluring,
but trust her to be equal fca just such
emergencies. She eyes her points of
vantage as a general eyes his field ana
P?ecJ womanlike, sits down to ponder.
¦ Of one thing she is absolutely cer
tain. "Whether the porch is broad or
siarretr. or c? limited proportions. Is a
¦tconktary consideration.^ It must ba
runJe in the foam of a retreat so that,
more U'ho sit a^G chat will feel some-'
whr.t seclu-ued. Bo her first thought
Is to see tuat vines ara plcnted that
vlll spread out and convert the porch
liito l. fairy bower. &
i Jio.i she turns her attention to th«s
con-ring. If she fancies purple, a»d
lir.ov.s that it will mcka a pretty, be
comi::a background for her, she selects
me liiritty cleiiia/.is jackmanii with its
purple peta!ed blossoms and it3 ri'jh
leaves. Virginia creepers, wis
taiLus, trnmpct crcspers, old fashioned
morning giorirv;, sweet honey suckles
r.nd even climbing roses arc all prime
favorites, but are not always possible,
because of lack of forethought. Noth
ing could be more attractive than a
bower of crimson rambler roses that
presents a vivid mass of coloring, but
unfortunately they will not spring uj>
in a day, or even two, and she is forced
t«» nurse a quick growing vine that re
quires but a few short weeks to be in
ail its glory.
When the green manifests its Inten
tions of climbing up in a hurry she
arms herself with aome wire netting;
shears and a hammer and sets to work.
In un end she cuts out a. diamond
tihape-d window and later trains her
vines about it, for this is one of her
jwjnts of vantage. She is secluded from
the public gaze, but at the same time
*he «•- see out of her leafy bower and
be quite ready to receive the wafHerers
who drift in at an unfortunate minute.
She does not depend upon, a ham
mock and a charming smile alone. No.
not she. That might have been all very
well and good at one lime, but that
time has long since passed and even
th« memory of It in dim and hazy. f.
Just as soon as the vines are able to
take care of themselves she devotes
herself to hanging baskets that may be
suspended about here and. there. And
here her ingenuity comes to the front
again, for she uses what comes to her
hand and does not expend so much as
a shining copper. Ginger Jars tfed with
raffia make a pretty, basket when filled
to running over with bright geraniums,
with cool looking Ivy or. with any trail-
early stages is to spray the throat and
nasal passages with an antiseptic solu
tion, using it several times a day. This
will correct any tendency toward ca
tarrh following a cold and also purify
the parts sprayed, restoring a healthy
condition. Buy a throat atomizer with,
nasal attachment, obtainable at any
drug store, fill the bottle with pure
water and add a small quantity of
peroxide of hydrogen or listerine — both
ere excellent. Use in the proportions of
a scant teaspoonful of listerine or
twenty to thirty drops of peroxide of
hydrogen to a half-pint of water.
Either solution ma; f be made stronger
and used as a gargle and to rinse the
mouth after meals, and will be found
especially beneficial before retiring and
immediately upon arising in the morn
ing to sweeten the breath.
ir#. flo- crins vine that will add its bit
of cc-ior to her pet scheme.
Bare boards are not attractive, so she
throws down »~% Indian blanket or so,
in fact, any gn<nl, substantial rug that
will harmonize, but if she can pick and
choose she invariably appropriates a
dull green, for it. suggests the cool
quiet of the forest and is a decided
comfort on a day when the thermome
ter seems intpt on climbing as high
as possible. v - ,"*,-
Xt goes without saying that hair.
mccka ere the next move. Two of these,
if there Is plenty of room, otherwise she
begs, borrows or steals a comfortable
willow steamer chair and piles it high
¦with soft pillows. And, by the way.
her favorite scats are the' porch
cushions that may be plentifully piled
up- in any - corner • of the veranda and
picked up and moved to suit one's con
venience.
Much of this porch girl's furnishings
depends upon the state of her pocket
book, but If she is handy with: a paint
brush she can. make any old piece of
discarded furniture look' plenty good
enough for her house of roses. . ,
A small table with a shelf is a valu
able ally, for " the newest magazines
and books may be within ea^V reach
of theChammock.^and the idler wants
nothing better than a cozy couch, an
interesting book and — quiet. A chafing
dish r and a brass tea kettle,- both of
which do duty -.not qnly as ornaments
but in preparing dainties tbtt insure
miladi's popularity, stand on top of the
table, so that they are ready at a
moment's notice when the unexpected
caller arrives.
This philosophical lassie appreciates
the value of silence, and when the
masculine mind is busy digesting a
short story she affect3 the homely do
mestic graces, knowing full well that
he is watching her out of the corner of
his eye as' she brews and prepares
a cup of tea. She cuts the lemon
to serve the tea a la Rues, places a
f?v. cakes in a dainty dish, sees tT^tt
the fruit is temptingly arranged with
its own leaves as decorations and then
sits down, folds her hands and calmly
awaits the lord of creation's pleasure.
She's a bit diplomatic in her own
way and thoroughly enjoys 3 playing
with her victim.
When milord is quite ready for his
tea, ehe attends to him in quite a
motherly fashion, for when she began
to pl£*i her campaign it dawned upon
her that it would not be a bad scheme
to give the impression that she was a
good housewife. Apron strings are not
such bad things to be tied to when their
owner is a good cook. --•• .;
Then again this porch girl knows the
charms of music, and when things are
getting stupid she saves the day by
accompanying snatches of songs on
the guitar or banjo or by twanging out
darky melodies until the spirit of the
cakewalk permeates the air.
The wise lassie does not reserve all
her smiles and blandishments for the
swalnw that- loiter at this trysting
place, for she knows that "daddy" will
be certain to seek her in her cool re
treat and that her big brothers will
drop in on her and, what is more to the
point, bring their chums to have a cup
of "Sis' " tea.- So, like the sensible girl
that she is, she dons her prettiest frock
and her most fetching manner and sets
out to captivate every one in sight —
her own family included. And once
within her fairy retreat, which is like
the lanai of her Hawaiian sisters, all
are lost to her mystic power, and she
rules as absolutely as any queen that
ever lived. So here's to the porch girl
of 1904.
skirts are becoming:, the long lines giv
ing an appearance of height and the
numerous seams are very helpful in
adjusting the skirt around the vaist
and hip«. Plaited skirt3. closely
stitched down to flounce depth, are
also desirable. To Rive the season's
hallmark trim the ioot of the skirt
THE ...SAN,; XRANCISCO SUNDAY . CAiX*.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
14dear?" and to answer grandly: "Cer
tainly, madam! Do you suppose your
husband i3 such a duffer that he can't
pay for a few luxuries now and then?"
Queerly enough the eyes that looked
Into his as in fancy he made this
speech- "were of- a clear, lucid gray,
with long, dark lashes and beautifully
pencil{-d brows. To be candid, they
were the eyes of Elinor Grant, one of
the few girls of his acquaintance
whose society he had ever found as
entertaining as business. It seemed
a sort of miracle that they should
appear at this particular juncture. De
cidely. Fate was' giving "him a tip.
Wiien lie called that afternoon Mis3
Grant- was out and he had a. childish
feeling 4hat the bottom had -dropped
out of things. A dark suspicion ' that
other men besides himself might have
received tips from Fate also haunted
him and the thought made him a trifle
uneasy.
He wandered back down town, feel-
Ing -rather glum. There were other
girls, of course, always. But he wanted
to see her and no one else. Some way,
of all the girls he knew she was the
only one ho could ' think of In con
nection* with the household details
that had suddenly appealed to him
with their homely charm. In imagina
tion he. could see her bustling about
her little domain, one of those narrow,
brownstone houses huddled * timidly
between more pretentious ones on some
side stre?t.- directing her .maids and'
taking a lively interest In the affairs
of her little household.,
¦ The fancy j pleased him immensely,
and he: was going on to elaborate it
when the' gay colors of a display of
wall paper In a window he was pass
ing caught- his eye. He slackened his
pace and then and not until then did
he observe the figure of a trim young
woman standing before it, absorbed In
contemplation. In a moment, he was
by her side.
"One would think you had an es
tablishment . of your, own and were
. It: was -a homely moment for self
reyelation, .but it so happened and so
it must be set down. An Instant later
lie was thinking- that It wouldn't be
half bad to be one of those married
fellows who at this season were re r
celvlng .such injunctions ast "Now,
John, don't forget to telephone . the
paper hanger!" or "Just stop at the
carpet cleaner's on your way' to the
station and hurry him up."
During the rest of his toilette Mow
bray grinned- at himself in .the glass,
more or less humorously. "Up to /the
present mornent .. the serious. game of
money making, with occasional gay
hours, had seemed to him as satisfy
ing an occupation as any man could
desire. -Now it had ceased to be all
absorbing. Ho wanted to be consulted
about the . color of wall papers, the de
signs of rugs and the 'style 'of; furni
ture. He wanted to hear some ¦oft,
feminine voice saying:!* "But do you
think we can afford. it. this spring,
IT was the English sparrows that
put it into Mowbray's head,
though perhaps the rhythmic
beating of carpets and the sight of
winter garments out for their last air
ing in the sunlight may have prepared
his mind for the idea.
The world, so far as he could see it
from the windows of his back room,
had grown suddenly domestic. Every
time he approached the 'window some
new sign of household upheaval greet
ed him. Every one seemed distract
ingly busy putting his house in order
and, without realizing precisely what
was the matter, Mowbray' had a
vague, injured sense of being out of it
Then one morning there was a deaf
ening, clatter outside the window,
where on an adjacent wall the Ivy
leaves were already changing from
russet to rich green and the plumes
of the wistaria vine waved with lan
guid elegance In tfTe spring breeze.
True to their nature, the sparrows
were wrangling fiercely.
getting ideas for having It done over,"
was his laughing salutation, as he
looked down. at her with a. pleased
warmth in his eyes and enjoyed the
startled glance she turned upon him.
It seemed the sweetest thing that he
should have come upon her like this:
as If some subtle influence had turned
her thoughts into the same channel
with his own. Decidedly, things were
coming his way. He felt exhilarated,
triumphant, boyish. Miss Grant
laughed rather foolishly as she greeted
him.
"I was playing a game that has been
a favorite of mine since I was a small
girl," she explained, as they turned
away >from. the window together, "a
game of 'make-believe,* in which I ar
range everything in life to suit myself.
Nettle and I— Nettie • was my best
friend, you know— used to spend hours
describing our husbands, houses and
children to each other. It was great
fun, I can tell you, and we entered into
details until it actually. seemed real."
She paused and glanced up at him
to see if he understood, and then con
tinued: "When you came up I was
just furnishing a love of a house in
thought, selecting the color scheme
for my wails, you know!"
Mowbray listened, almost too rapt
to speak. There was something thrill
ing In the knowledge that her thoughts
had been the very complement of his.
A strange, strong happiness and cer
tainty possessed him.
"Would you mind telling me whether
the husband that you had planned bore
any resemblance to me?" he ques
tioned, daringly.
. She. regarded him critically. Then
shook "her head. "Don't think me
rude," she murmured, "but to tell you
the truth,. ha was always r.'-i feet tall
and blond. O~ ¦» I remember when
we had reached the end of a game,
that Is, seen our daughters grow up
and marry, we began all over again,
and, for a change, I chose a dark, cold
man who filled me with a delicious
fear. -But I was always forre&Ioj* *ad
harking back to my favorite- type, so
at last I gav© up."
"Too bad, too bad," murmured her
companion, but his tone Implied that
his pity waa for her disappointment
rather than his own. They ; walked
along In silence for awhile, absorbed
in their thoughts and the lively scene
about them, yet strangely conscious
of each other. • At last ilowbray
spoke.
"I- don't see how tha thing Is coming
out," he began with feigned bewilder
ment. "For when the sights and sounds
of early spring suddenly made me
homesick for the thing I've never had—
a home— "
His voice grew low and he paused a
second as If the thoughts were too sa
cred to be mentioned lightly. Elinor's
heart went out to him. though she stub
bornly kept her glance fixed indiffer
ently on the crowd about them.
• "It was your face that rose before me
instantly, your eyes "that looked into
mine, your dear presence that I felt fa
the house that I planned, like a bene
diction, a caress. You were the spirit c
the place. Its queen, the gracious wom
an to whom I fancied myself coming
home each night with a deeper, fuller
love."
• A hsedless pedestrian Jostled them, all
unconscious . of the fact, that in doing
so he had rudely brushed against the
sweetest thing in the world — a love
story. They continued their way, al
most In si'ence, until the bewildering
greenery of the park turned by spring
magic Into -fairyland confronted them.
In a tlash Eleanor seemed to see her
life stretching away . into the future,
transformed into a beauty as matchless
as that before her. by love. ]
She laid her hand. upon Mowbray'a
arm and gazed at him for a moment
with her soul in her eyes.
"After all." she said very softly, "I
believe that you 'dreamed true!*"
(Copyright, 1304, by K. M. White
head.:-
By Keith Gordon
SPRING'S FAIRY WAND
"It's really a pleasure." she contin
ued affably. "It Is so seldom that one
meets royal blood in this democratic
America, It will positively be the cause
of my being an old maid, for, of course,
a princess could not marry a common
er, could she?" Bettina's wicked little
dimple was now in evidence and the
patch on her cheek called attention to
it in a way that seemed positively
audacious.
"No, Indeed," he assented eagerly*, "of
course princesses must marry — er
kings and things." . . ¦¦•, .V..I-
Bettlna nodded approvingly. Her
blue eyes looked Into his with guilenesg
expression that threatened pent with a
second attack of convulsions.
"Yes, of course," she smiled Into his
face with a confidential friendliness. "I
rather thick I would like a king my
self, but I 'have met so few, 1 * sighing.
"In fact, you are the first one."'
He leaned ovl. and took the fan from
her hand.
, "Fair Princess,- 1 feel that one could
wish the first might be last and the last
might be first."
"Oh, don't; -please don't," she en
treated hurriedly. "Don't wish for any
thing. I'm afraid you might — cry."
Dent stared in astonishment. ' . . »
"Your Highness, no battle trophy
ever filled me with a joy that the effect
of your approval does not far exceed.
Permit me," he added, seating himself
beside her.
"Oh. don't mention it," she interrupt
ed with an airy little wave of the hand,
" 'tis within royal power to pardon, and
even I, Princess Fleur-de-LIs, feel that
It is no condescension to talk to Alex
ander the Great on an equal footing."
Dent bowed again profoundly, so pro
foundly that when he stood erect - he
had gained control of the smile that
threatened to convulse his countenance,
for he knew he could not be mistaken
about that patch and diamond dust. It
was scarcely probable that two girls
would be dressed just like this.
When she sav.- him .coming toward
her with the evident intention cf speak
ing-; she thought he mistook her for a
patient, and her eyes sparkled with
mischief.
"May I Introduce myself?" he asked,
bowing before her.
Bettina raised a haughty little head.
"It is somewhat unusual for royalty to
be approached with so little formality,"
she said icily, "but, .of course, the
daughter of the lost Dauphin of France
has had to put up with a great many
trials."
Dent looked startled. "Perhaps I have
made a mistake — " he commenced.
. • > . •••
tie 6jster flitted from the room.
He* had been resident physician at
'the 3urton Asylum for two years,
where.it was customary to* give an
occasional dance for the Inmates. Bet
tina /oupd something' unusual in these
dances that she fairly reveled, in? and
she Jiad not been known to miss one
since her. brother had been in charge.
She would take the electric car from
the* city and, arrive at the sanitarium
triumphantly bearing a box containing
her newest party dress, produced by
homeo talent. The girl's mother en
couraged her 'Industry by giving her
all the material for party dresses that
she would rriake up, and her chic crea
tions were the envy of her girl friends.
. When she had arrived that after
noon she had shown her brother a gay
little blue and pink pompadour frock
that he had vowed would make it
necessary • to send all his harmless
patients back to padded cells and leave
a paucity of dancing men.
Dr. Dent's train was late. He hur
ried into his dres's suit and the twa
friends started down the hall . toward
the ballroom. An attendant came up
hurriedly and whispered" that Hilyer
was needed immediately.
"I'm sorry, old man," he said, turn
ing to go with the nurse". "You'll have
to find your way in alone. There's
no hostess, so go in and talk to ( any
one you like. You'lF find Bettina some
where. Look for a yellow-haired little
girl in a blue and pink dress. I be
lieve the little minx has sprinkled dia
mond dust In her heir and put a black
patch on her cheek to be in a keeping
with her pompadour costume, so you
will have no trouble in recognizing
her."
Bettina was partly hlflden by a
group of palms when Dent entered
the room. She saw him speak to sev
eral of the patients near the door, and
•finally ask one dark-eyeC girl to
dance.
. Bettlna recognized him Immediately
from the photograph in her brother's
room, and studied him calmly as he and
. his partner passed her. : ;• <
Certain, she was* that Will had not
. told her Dent was a . perfect Hercules,
. and that even the photograph had been
misleading. She acknowledged to her
self the Improbability of a man of his
type masticating food according to set
rules, and was, rather inclined to think
Will .might have mentioned his style of
dancing as a point in his favor when he
had given a list of his friend's many
virtues that afternoon.
tit HOPE you will remember. It has
-I Dee a ray Pet scheme for the last
J[ five years," said youn* Dr. Hll
yer, polishing his glasses with a
vigor due less to necessity than to a
Ctzlrt to avoid his Bister's flashing
«yes.
Bettlna gave her head a disdainful
toss and helped herself to another
chocolate.
"I know I shan't even like him," she
said, finding it difficult to express dis
approval with any great amount off dig
nity, when one cheek was distorted by
a chocolate drop.
"Now, Bettlna, that's simply preju
dice. He was the nicest fellow at col
lege, and he is the or.ly man on earth
I would be willing for you to marry."
Bettina's fingers seized a candle 1 vio
let which she discovered in the corner
of the box.
"Of course I know he's a wonder,"
she said, "that's the reason I know I
Eban't like him. He is probably so
perfect that he chews his food a regu
lation number of times before swal
lowing."
Hilyer laughed.
"I've seen him swallow sandwiches
so fast it would take a lightning cal
culator to keep up with him. Now,
Bettina, please be reasonable! I
haven't seen Dent since wo left col
lege, but If he is as Jolly a doctor as
he was a. medical student you certain
ly will not have cause to complain of
his primness. He will be here in time
for the dance to-night, and I simply
want you to be nice to him. I don't
know what it is women do to them
stlves when they want to be especially
charming, but you can do it when you
UT. little Sis."
Bettina balanced the somewhat de
pleted candy box on top of a skull that
ornamented the doctor's desk.
"That's to keep the servant from
eating the rest of . it," she laughed.
"Maggie wouldn't dare touch it now.
Well, Brother Doctor, I'll see what ef
fect the new pompadour silk will have
on Dr. Dent. If It is Immediate and
startling, and you see me sitting In
the conservatory holding his hands,
don't be alarmed— It may be necessary
to take his pulse."
Dr. HUyer emlled as his erratic lit-
By Troy Allisok*
"Perhaps I ought not to have men
tioned it," she. drew the corners of her
small mouth down in an absurdly con
trite manner, , "but we heard about—
Alexander the Great's weeping it's real
ly a matter of history. I would not
start you to crying and spoil the even
ing for you— not for anything."
"I feel a lump in my throat right
now," he declared. "I am perfectly
sure that if you don't dance this next
waltz with me I shall burst into tears
according to history." /
She arose quickly.
. "Anything to please the ba— I mean
anything to keep, you from crying," she
said as they joined the dancers.
PRINCESS FLEUR DE LIS
hurriedly changed his face for the dos
As one in a daze he -put his pets
through their paces, and after the
show*' was over and the concert audi
ence'was slowly filing into the show
•lot, he etill went about his work as
though in a dream.
Hilyer peeped into the conservatory
an hour later. "I guess I'll riot disturb
that," he muttered and tiptoed away.
On the last day of Dent's holiday
Bettina'3 maid carried a box into her
room.
It contained delicate purple and
white lilacs, tied with a royal purpla
ribbon strangely decorated. On one^
streamer was a hand-painted shield
of strange device and another end of
ribbon was tied around a small scroll
of paper. ,
The girl opened It eagerly.
"Little Princess Fleur-de-LIs. Alex
ander the Great feels another lump
in his throat. He wants to call this
afternoon and ask that the fleur-de
lis shall be bound always **by the royal
ribbons of his house."
Later that afternoon Bettlna smiled
into his eyes admiringly.
"I certainly am glad to marry a.
man who knows so much," she said,-
pointing to the painted .ribbon; that
she wore In a knot on her breast, "now
I was so Ignorant that I. had no Idea
how Alexander's coat of arms looked."
Dent drew the curly head over on
his shoulder and laughed.
She asked him why he laughed.
He didn't think It necessary to tell
her that he had paid a girl In In art
store to copy the strangest looking
shield he could find in the dictionary.
A lion couchant or a charger rampant
were all the same .to him — he had
trusted to luck that she would not
know the difference, and ha now added
a touch of diplomacy that promised
him great future success ma a married
man.
"What am I laughing at. little girl?
You might know that a nian who was
emotional enough to cry for mere
worlds would laugh "when ha found— •
heaven." •
(Copyright, 1904, by Troy AOl^n.) i
"We always said." he commented,
"that your Inother's* people must be
of the right sort I'm glad of jL Work
with the tents Isn't for such as" you."
Then he turned, but more than the
make-up came off oi\ the towe'l as he
Nellie raised a hand. "Don't, Jim,"
Bias said plaintively. "He hasn't said
.anything to me. It's just that they
want to take me away.**
"Take you away'." he cried incredu
lously. "Why you've been with the
eld show ever since you were a little
kiddie; ever since your ma died of yel
low fever in the Rio and we picked >ou
@- the nest season. Th?* was 'way
back In '02, ar.d you were a little shrimp
of twelve. Take you away! I'd like
to see the man who'd try it!"
. "It's the money," she explained,
despairingly. "I'm an h.TJess. and this
gentleman is the lawyer. He wants
r£E to go back to New York with him
to-night." •
For a single moment Blakelv's
fretee grew rigid- The lawyer, a keen
observer of men, followed clearly the
mental strain the circus man was un
dergoing. He could see what the clrl
tad never seen, that this man with the
uncouth mask of zinc and carmine
loved the little rider, and In the brief
struggle he read tt* fight of an honest
man with his own desires.- Jn that
short space Blakely made his fieht-
Whe?i he gpeke his voice was cold and
commonplace.
"See here," he said fiercely, "this
Isn't any place for an outsider, least
of all for a blbotola' dude what comes
in end Insults one of our girls. If you
don't get out of here quick you'll be
feorry for It, and I won't have to call
any 'Hey Rul>e* to do it."
Spar.gles, *?:<? Great Dane, that did
a pad-riding act as well as leading a
troupe of trained dojrs, pricked up her
ears knowingly and rose to her feet.
"Hey Rube!** the circus war cry from
time Immemorial, was no new som.d
to her, and f-he looked affectionately
at tue left lrg of the stranger's care
fujly creased trousers, deciding that
a spot about four inches below the
knee would be the strategic point for
a grip.
Circus folk are always resentful of
the intrusion of. the outside world into
their domain, and the fact that this
stranger wore u frock coat and an ex
ceedingly shiny silk hat grai all that
was needed \& convince Jim that he
wes the cause of Nellie's tearful eyes.
He strode up u-rathfully, his painted
1-ce in^ ludicrous contrast to the in
tense tines of his voice.
y-T IM BLAKELY. the flown, came
I datidr.s cut of the ring Into lha
1 dressing-tent and stopped short.
\m* ' Nellie Cosgrove was sitting on top
of the leaping pad. her usually merry
eyfs with tears. Beside her
stood a man looking exceedingly, awk
ward and uncomfortable. - f^*
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
He had loved and . watched; over
Nellie ever since that ' time in Rio
Janeiro, when, " 'way back in '92."
they had picked up the little slip of a
girl, the sole survivor of a circus
troupe which had played
South America the season before.
He had known Frank Cosgrove well,
a fine, gentlemanly fellow, who had
run off with an English girl wh'eft her
parents had objected to her marrying
the "riding master" of an English
caravan.
They had come to -America to es
cape memories.: and she- had taken up
with circus life- as. willingly as though
she had not been reared in luxury. It
was Blakely who had persuaded Del
more to take the girl Into the troupe,
and It was he who had completed her
education as a rider. Before a broken
leg compelled him to take to clown
ing he had been a wonderful bare
back somersaulter himself.
He had hoped some day to make
her his wife when the nest egg In a
city savings bank had grown large
enough to warrant the purchase of a
country place and assure a compe
tence when they should have retired.
Until then he had spoken no word
of love, but rather had encouraged her
to look upon him as her foster-father.
Now he wa3 to lose her and all that
he had planned and worked and saved
for. But it was best for her— that was
enough for him.
He took no part In the rlns-bank
chat after supper. He had no heart to
sit there about the bank and .hear the
comment that would be made about the
good fortune of the girl, so he. went out
back of the dressing tent, and liKhtinsr
the short stub of a pipe he carried, blew
great clouds of smoke into the soft
evening air, as he tried to think what
the circus would be on the morrow with
no little Nell to make every one merry.
There in the soft light that came
through the tent she found him. Out
front all was life and movement. Here
they were practically alone. She
slipped down beside him on the over
turned manger and clipped her hand
into his. His horny palm closed over
her tiny fingers and he put away the
pipe, but he gave no other sign. It was
she who opened the conversation.
'•I feel like a dream girl to-night,".
*. ,• * • • ¦ •
The "round-top" wa3 already
packed in the wagons and its way to
the cars when Nellie emerged from
the women's side of tha dressing te^t.
where the lawyer waited impatiently
for his charge. She went up to tha
bos3 -property man. "Put mytrunSt in
the wagon. Sam," she said; "I'm-go
ing on with the show."
The lawyer blustered and stormed,
but she. was adamant' and finally ha
appealed to Blakely.
"Tou can't go with, us, Nell," said
the clown, his face as white as though
he had not removed h!3 rinc mak&'-up.
"There is no reason why you should
stay on." .
She made him a saucy cour!Sa3y.
"There Is every reason, good sir," she
smiled. "In the first place, this t» my
life; the only one that I know or wjnt.
and besides — " she went very close
and whispered In hlaear — "besides, I
found out back of the tent there that
— I — loved you." .
And after that what could Blftkely
say?
She turned up the turf with the toe
of a dainty shoe. "I don'J. want &
makeup my mind to it," she* protested.
"I don't care for the old money. I want
to be here with you and all the rest.
Tou hurt me!" she broke off suddenly,
releasing her hand from his grasp and
rubbing it- ¦ •
."I didn't mean to hurt you, child/*
he said sadly. "I was thinking." He
could not tell her how that one sen
tence had torn at hl3 heartstrings, j*l
ready sore. He rose. "Well, I've got
to go In and gst Spangles rea,dy. I'll
pay good-by after the show." He
turned on his heel and presently she
could hear him calling to the" \iog.
Then other sounds of preparation, be
gan and presently she, too, went In
side. . Y;*- *
you've got the money, you've got to go
and live up to it. It would never do
for an heiress to rids in the ring."
"I don't want to go a bit," she pror
tested. "This la the life I Xnow and
love. I want to stay here and be my
self, not 'another girl all dressed up*,
with servants and all that sort of
- f fif» here. Nell," he commanded,
"don't talk. like that. It's hard work
doing two acts twice a day. It's not
for you, my gi,rL Make up your mind
to th"at."
she began confidingly. "Don't you re
member how we used to plan that # if
¦wo ever got money we would start a
show of bur own, and only have In the
companyrpeople we really liked, and
make them -do' onLV one act apiece?"
He .laughed shortly. £•};•
"It's" funnv what rot we. think. Now,
THE SAN FRANCISCO .SUNDAY CALIl
THE GRIP OF ENVIRONMENT
15Gulch:. Jim Wilson. L«»moore: Ila s Sol
der. Bijjgs; Emeline Vlerra, Mosa; So
phie Seymore, 7S6 Washington street,
Santa. .Rosa; Ella .Winfield, 1623 Noe
«trce^_Ban Francisco; Teddjr Smith, 97
Thb weet tho irirla will probably hnyo their inuiiyrs, for tlio contest will consist In discovering: tho
eight terms used in drcaamiikim: tliiit aro to' b o found in tlieso ci«ht pictures. For tlio benefit of tho boys,
however, for the cirls no doubt would eucss it, tlie Pusilo Editor will say that the fifth is "basting." -
But hero Is somethhig the Piix^lo Editor wants to speak of partlculnrly. You must not only glv«
your nnine and tho town and State wherein you live, but the street . or p-ntoftice number. This Is Im
portant because nanny books have been returned because of Incorrect addresses. And don't forget tho gaK
lery of honor. '/-. ; . -
And remember this: You will all have a chance not only to. win one of those 160 prizes, but get
jour picture published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners to send ha their pictures
—tho whole ISO every week if possible. Begin* right now. Don't -wuit. The more tho merrier. Ther*
can't be too many.
A ¦pliEASE DONT.SEND IN A1VY TINTYPE riCTDRES OR PROOFS THAT ARE UNIX) JOED— which
means that .they. will fade as soon as they are exposed to the sun, and don't forget to write jour name and
address on the back ,of each and svery photograph. And by all ineau s be rnre that you are a prize wm
. ner before you send : hi -any picture at all.
- -THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is whf*. you mast do to win one of
-them: . -..
' Pmd Ac Dressmaking Terms on this page and write them out In the space opposite the proper corre
sponding numbers. proTjided' for the purpose in the coupon on this pa^, ¦-„ per directions; fill In the
' ooapon with your 4 name and address and tlie prize yon desire— if you win — and Bend the coupon to tho
EDITOR OP .THENAME rDZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL
v REMEMBER— To the F$RST ONE HUNDliBD AND FtFTYBOYS AND UIRLS wbo solve tho
eight Puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND " FIFTY ' BEAUTTFUIj FRIZES will b«
awarded. " -V'^ * \ ..' . - " .'" ¦ " ' .- ¦ •
'-And .don't forget this next poipt,^ because It'lg^yery hnportant: ALIi ANSWERS BIUST* REACH
r^IS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This elves all those hi the country an equal chance to compete. Read .
ererytlihig on this page, to bo that you overlook nothing that will help; yon to win a prize.
THE NAMES OP THE LUCKY WINNERS WILIi BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALTj TWO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, August*14. -
•These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which yon may choose If yon solve all the pas
. ties correctly J '
Autocrat of the Breakfast Table, Holmes; Child's. Garden of Verses, Stevenson: Cranford, Gaskell;
Cricket on the Hearth. Dickens; Courtship of Miles Standlsh, LongfeUow; FaJry Land of Science, Buckley;
Galllver's Travels, Swift; Imitation of Christ, A'Kempls;. Jessica's First Prayer, Stretton: Lady of tho Lake.
Scott; Light of Asia, Arnold: JHUton's Poems; Old Christmas/ Irvln?: Phantom Rickshaw, Krpluig; The
Pilgrim's "Progress, Bunyan: Plain Tales From the Hills, Kipling; Renfesentative Men, Emerson; The Snow
Image, Hawthorne; Through tho Looking Glass.^ Carroll; Vic, the Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, Mann,
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
B^tffMT':B80^s-»0ii8 m^<d -arid . % RSy of ThW—
Fop Those Who GU^S's :'Th€Se ¦Vp.ijKTgs To-Day.
THESE are the successful . priz«
ninners in the pYcfident name
puzzle contest oi July IT, and this
• week the entire 150 correct an
er.-ers received: Leonard Ed
munds, TC12 Webster st €t. E= - Fran
fisco; Warren Douglass. Santa Cruz;
Margr !:.t iJoyer, 110S Willow street.
• Oakland; Bessie Boyer. 1105 WUIcty
eirect. Oakland; Ed Me Adams. 217
Tenth street, Oakland; Frank Hitch
cock, 1016 Erush street. Oakland;
Luella Hitchtock, 1016 Brush street.
Oj-kland; Bert Seaman, 776 o Forty-fifth
street, Oakland; Anna Paul, Suisun; J.
Xoyes, Lakeport; Florence Adams, 915
"Willow street, Oakland; Harvy Cam.
San Jose; O. Becker, G02B Valencia
street, San Francisco; Caroline Covy,
Zbl'hz Market street, Oakland; Wilford
¦Williams, 119 Turk street, San Fran-'
cisco; Lillie FarreH 214 Langrton street,
gan Francisco; Marie Padkin, 511
Shracer street, San Francisco; Hattie
learfon, 1614 Tyler street, Berkeley;
Martha Hcffaker, Allendale: Marsruer
1 lie Devoto, lb Erie street, fc"an Fran
elfco; Haztl Hanson, Xiles; Eva Gib
bens. 1321 Sacramento street. Saa
Francisco; Anna Ptremmel,. box '203,"
Vallejo: Florence Sutllff, Wlnceinucca,
Nev.; Stanley Arndt, Stockton; Editi)
Htywood. Berkeley; Marchie Doherty,
Gilroy; Vincent Doherty, Gilroy; Gar
:»t Doty. 427 M street, Sacramento; H.
P. Grceiiman, 3970 Howe street, Oak
lend; L. Anderson, 1214 O«ta.via street.
£&n Francisco; Evelyn Austin, 2221
G»*nw;ch 6treet, San Francisco; W-.
Eigar, 1128 Sacramento Etreet, San
Francisco; Ada ilacabe, 1945 Ban
croft way, Berkeley; Harold Voyel-
E«np»r, Stockton; Leslie Vogelsang er.
Stockton; Edgar Radtmacher, 1C55 Mc-
Allister street. San Francisco; Julia
Dond'^ro, 445 Geary street, San Fran
cisco; Gladys Calhoun, 130 Ellis street,
San Francisco; J.^5. Read. l'40 Chapuf
t*pec strc-ct. San Francisco; Eusebia
L'.nsenfelstr. 122 street, San
Francisco; . Francis Curtis. 317i
Twenty-fifth 6tre*t, San Francisco;
Ftelia Ellsworth, East, Oakland; Marie
Priest. 327 Fourteenth street, San
Francisco; W. Robinson, $25 Ashbury
street, San Francisco? E! Coslt-llo. 220
Tehama street, San Fr;mcisco; Chrtssie
owen, 2ZZ Sixth street. San Francisco;
Kathryn Slevin. lC&ff Treat avenile: San
Francisco; Ray Mar.uel. Sonoma; Pearl
Newby, Dixon; Madeline -New by, Dix
cn; Elmer Short, 1L2S 'Forty-eighth
street, San Francisco; Amy Ew"crs,
Sacramento; Mildred Smith.. 5C2 Turk
street, San Francisco; Clar^i. Hart. SS4
Goar>' street. San Francisco; Bonnie
Eckhart, 1625 Hyde street} San Fran
»isco; George Wihr. 11 Metropolitan
Kvenue. San Francisco; Charles Robin*
*on, £25 A:.hbury street, San Francisco;
Charles Clark. 620 Washington street,
San Francisco: May Wickenhauser.
Santa Clara, 'Frank Spencer, C374 Nine
tr-enth street. San Francisco; Leonard
Ktevenson, San Jose; Desmond Teeter,
Livermore; Claire' Meline; Chico; HtLd
ley Johnson, Occidental; Hazel Taylor,
occidental: Albert Kirkman. San Ra
fael: R. Berghauser, Belvedere; Milton
Ftlcreon. 12?0 Pacific avenue. San
Francisco; Millard Hendricka Berke-
I'y: Ethel McAllister. 2428 Jacksan
ftrect. San Framisco; L. McCormack.
ICO Third street. San Francisco; Jecsye
Jacobs. 1319 Pacitie avenue, Alameda-
Helen Travis, 1165 Valencia street San
Fracc-iEco; Coral Kiiby. 2i)l Grant ave
nuf. San Francisco; Haivey Olds 513
Tenth street. Oakland; Jess;e Raphael
2414 Fillmore street. San Francisco*
opal Davidron. S<4 Fifty-ciphth street'
«>akland; Xita Leonard, Ho Church
f^-f, t# an w Fra acisco; £2. R. Nienstadt,
120. u Bush street. San Francisco-
Anna Gefkcn. 7C8 Grove street, San
Krandseu; Helen Jonas, i,:!i Ellis street.
Ran Francisco; Lizzl Ivoenis *i*0S%
Mission street, San Francisco;' Ruth
Anderson. 1625 Eddy street. San Fran-
Usco; C. Ostroin, 2349 Steiner
ctrcet. San Francisco; Mary Mote
f.16 Devisadero street. San Francisco-'
Louise Richter. 201 Third aven e San
Francisco; Willie Jamison, Alvarado
«»race Fauth, 23S Sixteenth street. Sari
Francisco; Gertrude Hemphill. 945
Grace avenue. Oakland; Wanda Staehl
255 Eightli street, Oakland: K Pyle*
Gilroy; Gussic Gerhard, 2335 Bryant
street. San Francisco; TessJe. Houston
Byron; Sadie Smith. S629 Seventeenth
street- San Francisco; M. Lovegrove
1C88 McAllister street, San Francisco-'
Hans Rohwer. Dixon; J. B. Hoitt. Menl
Park: , r Lefilie Lindsay. Broderlck;
Gladys Hobert, San Leandro; Enid
Burns, 377.DeviEadero street, San Fran
cisco; M. Oglurn. Hilton; F Nielsen
«4 Linden street. Oakland: Alfonso
Tnllanes, 1944 Bush street. San Fran
cisco; i Esther Bolla, Nicaslo; Wilbur
Green. 521 Florida street. Vallejo: L V
Silvey. Petaluma; Abby Conner ">2li
Polk street, San Francisco; Maybe lie
Vansom. C7 Prospect street, San Fran
cisco: Georgia Colegrove, Pacific Grove-
John Mayers. Penn Grove; Jennie Phlll
lips, Fruitval«»; Ruth Burns, 344 Devls
edero street, San Francisco; Olive Gor
don. Jackson: Tracy Horn, Elmhursf
Miriam Purdie, 120 Oak street, San
Francis'-o; Loren ICnight, 3437 Twenty
fifth street, San Francisco: Edna Mur
phy. 4C21 Twenty-third street, San
Francisco: Ruth Boucher, - 1223 West
Adnms street. Los Anpeles;- Bernice
Tipton. Anaheim; Katie Leach. 253
N'orth Third etrcet. Kan Jote; Gladys
Ijlham. 20i9 E rtrcet, Sacramento; E.
M. Erobst, Folsom; Viola Hamilton,
tllTCr Ciljt Ji»v.; Dexter Ward, Grub
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINDERS
OF JULY 17.
East Fourteenth street. Oakland: Helen
Buskirk. 1417 Beaton street, Alameda;
Gladys Bradeon. 708 Elshth avenue.
San Francisco: Giudya Nichols. Nlles:
Marlon Chiok. 4413 Twentieth street.
San Francisco^ Laurlne Devany, 104
Guerrero street. San Francisco; Jennlo
Harrl3. 1630 McAllister street. San
Franciscc; L. Atkinson. 330 McAllister
street. San Francisco; Alvin Morri3»
Railroad avenue. AlamrCa; Ruth Reid.
27O Filbert street. San Francisco;
Dorothy Nolan. 21 Ilenry street, Saa
Francisco; May Seitz. 2DG!) L street,
Sacramento; Ida Mack. 2219 J street.
Sacramento; LJda Edsecomb. Vallejo;
Harry Johnston. . Santa Cms; Gladys
Johnston. Santa Cruz: Carrie Van
Meter. Lafayette; Stella Clark. 317
Brandrorte street.. Vau>Jo: Marcellta
Pease. 2614 Central avenuff, Alameda;
S. Erlanger. 2317 Buena. Vi3ta street.
Alameda.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzle^
Fin Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F,
To Pcztls Editor, Sands 7 CaS,
San Francisco:
Below hi their proper nam*
berg please find my sohxtton of
the Drctwrnatlcs Terns la thii
week's puulesx
V . « . . . . # • . • • . ••....« .* • « ¦ m-t
m •
* * • • • • • • r • • - •*-*-****. .>-- t y 1 >1ga >w
July 31. 1904.
\
Street or P. O. ...a..^^,..,^.
City *. .*..>.-.«».
Stato ...«.....•• .. «^»»
If I win I cbocse for prtza
(Stec List of Prizes.)LONDON, July 30. — Burglars are
the bane of existence . of- the j young
Duchess of Itoxburghe, who was Miss
May Goelet of New York! The stories
printed of the fabulous jewels pos
sessed by the beautiful American
Duchess have apparently drawn the<
attention of the knights of the. Jimmy
and at least three attempts have Deen
made to annex her Grace's jewel case.
The Duchess is thoroughly alarmed
and has not only placed her jewels in
safe deposit vaults, but has surrounded
herself with all sorts of burglar alarm
appliances.
Until recently she was employed as a
telegrapher in the central postofflce
and lived alone in a boarding-house,
her widowed mother being governess
with a family traveling abroad.
PARIS. July 30.— A new poetess was
discovered in Paris when the poetry
prize, founded by Sully- Prudhomme.
was awarded by the Societe des Gens
de Lettres to Marie Dupuis, 23 years of
age.
Xcw Poetess in Paris.
•with which she has influence. The
young man learned his music in the
school ; he Is an associate 'of the Royal
College of Organists and an accom
plished pianoforte tuner! He will have
all the tuning of Lady Craven's pianos
In future, which In itself will be a valu
able asset in the way of recommenda
tion. . . ,
mistake for a six-penny bit The next
time the Duchess made her appear
ance in the market the old -woman
Martin has come now to lend her pat
ronage to it. Blind persons between
the ages of 7 and 26 are received into
the school for the purposes of educa
tional and industrial training, after
which .situations are obtained for
them according to their capacities.
Lady Craven has paid frequent visits
to the schools lately and has been
much interested in the deftness shown
by pupils, particularly those whom she
saw manipulating the tyepwrlter with
a speed equal to that of persons enjoy
ing the blessing of their sight.'She went
through all the workshops and saw
men making mats and girls knitting
stockings by machinery. So struck was
she with the general excellence of the
work turned out that she left an order
in the salesroom for a number of mats
and stockings. She listened to a pupil
playing the organ, and she promised (6
do what she could to get him a situa
tion in one or other of the churches
commercial and social life of Ireland
are now for the first time found co
operating In behalf of the league. How
rapid has been its growth may be in
ferred from the fact that whereas a
few years ago it numbered 200 branches
in Ireland it now has close on 1000.
Patrick O'Daly, the general secretary,
who has rare talent for organization,
is kept continually busy forming new
branches.
While the league holds itself rigidly
aloof from politics, its existence proved
almost fatal to the Government during
the present session of Parliament. At
the behest of the league Irish members
divided the House of Commons on the
question of educational expenditure in
Ireland, particularly with reference to
the need of affording greater facilities
for l teaching. Irish in "the national
schools, and the Government, not being
prepared for the division, was defeated
by a small majority. A viceregal com
mission was appointed to inquire into
the subject, and Douglas Hyde, who
appeared before it, made out such a
strong case for instruction in Gaelic
that at present it is being taught In 5000
schools throughout the country, and the
Government. has even appointed a spe
cial staff of inspectors whose sole duty
it will, be to watch the progress of the
men like Lord Iveagh, W. J. Plrrie,
Captain Shawe-Taylor, Edward Mar
tyn, Lord Ashbourne and others of
equal prominence in the professional,
Find Statue of Apollo.
TUNIS. July 30. — A magnificent
statute of Apollo of colossal size and
in perfect condition has been un
earthed In the excavation of the
theater recently discovered at Car
thage.
A magnificent cameo, bearing the
figure of Pallas wearing the helmet.
has also been found,
What the Gaelic League really aims
at is to accomplish by educational
means that which insurrections and
political agitations have so signally
failed to attain— the nationalization of
Ireland. Its speakers appeal to historic
examples for proof that a nation's lan
guage is intimately associated with Its
NATIONALIZATION* DESIRED.
It Is no mere sentimental feeling, or
love of scholarship, which prompts the
efforts of the league which is so suc
cessfully making for) the revival and
cultivation of Ireland's ancient lan
guage. In no other way, it Is main
tained, can Ireland, as a distinctive
nationality, be preserved.
"Practically." says one writer, "the
whole history of our country during
the nineteenth century has been one of
slow but steady growth in Ireland of
English thought, manners, customs,
ideas and ideals. The Anglicizing of
Ireland proceeds apace and will pro
ceed unless she reverts once more to
the speech which preserved her from it
in the past, and has alone the power to
stem the tide which bids fair to swamp
her."
the treasures of its ancient literature
and revealing to the Irish themselves
the value of the heritage which so
many of them so lightly prized. In
1831 irish was spoken in Ireland by
3,000,000 people. Their number, before
the formation of the Gaelic League,
had dwindled to 800,000.
PROMINENT LEADERS IN THE GAELIC MOVEMENT.
LONDON, July 30.— Dorothy Lewis is
one of the prettiest and most petted
little girls in London. Her mother is
better known in both social and theat
rical circles as Miss Fanny Ward, once
a comic opera favorite in New York.
Every few years the old longing for
the stage used to draw Mrs. Lewis to
appear again in public as a star. Her
husband, "Joe" Lewis, who made a
great fortune in South African mining
stocks, shrugged his shoulders and
footed the bills.
But now little Dorothy is the favor
ite and rules the charming house at 3
Berkeley square, where only titled
folks are supposed to live. "
Dorothy Lewis a Favorite.
of building up an Irish Ireland that
will look within itself for its inspiration
and its reward. The aims of the league
being primarily the "preservation of
Irish as' the national language of Ire
land and Its, extension as a spoken
tongue," the popular feature of the
convention will be oral, literary and
vocal competitions in Gaelic. But its
more practical work will be represent
ed by an exhibit of Irish industries, for.
the members of the association are
pledged not only to do their utniost to
encourage native products, but to wear
only Irish-made clothing and to pur
chase only Irish goods when they will
supply the place of foreign articles.
What Is known as. the Gaelic revival
was started in a small room in lower
O'Conncll street, Dublin, barely eleven
years ago. The great success which
has attended it is largely due to the
energy, tact and contagious enthusiasm
of Its president, Dr. Douglas Hyde, who
has held that position since the foun
dation of the league, He is a man of
high scholarship and a product of
Trinity College, Dublin, where he ob
tained his divinity degree with the In
tention of entering the church and fol
lowing his father's footstep-. But for
tunately for .his country, he finally
chose a broader field and decided to de
vote himself to the unification and up
building of Ireland, so long distracted
by party * dissensions and religious
strife. That he, a Protestant, should
be recognized as the leader and inspi
ration of the new movement is In it
self significant of the breadth of its
character. It derives much of its
strength from the fact that its plat
form is non-denominational, and non
political. For more than 100 year,s Ire
land . has been a prey to "agitations,
sometimes' openly revolutionary, at
other times in the form of secret,con
spiracies, but always having for their
object the overthrow, of British rule.
These . efforts have all failed. They
have only increased popular discontent
Arrested at Berne at the instance of
the authorities of Baden, a young girl.
Mile. Marie M.. captured M. Joliat's
heart, and for releasing his fascinating
prisoner he was severely censured. She
was rearrested, and after serving her
sentence in a German prison. Mile. M.
returned to Berne and renewed her ac
quaintance with the chief of police.
But after their relatltms had contin
ued for more than three months the
newspapers discovered that M. Joliat
was trying to hush up a fresh charge
against his sweetheart of obtaining
Jewelry by false pretenses. Their vig
orous protests have at last had the re
sult of making him vacate his post. '
GENEVA, July 30.— By the resigna
tion of M. Joliat,-head of the Berne
police, a remarkable scandal, which has
occupied the attention of the press for
some time past, is terminated.
ncad of Bcrnc Police Falls in Love
V»lth Woman and Tries to
Protect Her.
FAIR PRISONER CAUSES
DOWNFALL OF CHIEF
BERLIN. July 30. — Berlin Is amused
over many strange cases that arc oc
cupying the attention of the police.
A number of restaurants and other
simiUr establishments seek to increase
the number of their visitors by the
display of orchestras composed of at
tractive looking young ladies. The
lynx-eyed police have detected in sev
eral of the orchestras lady violinists
with dummy violins, who stand in the
background and scrape away in per
fect time with the other musicians,
but without producing any sounds.
They are utterly ignorant of the in
strument, which the public believes
they are seriously playing.
The police regard this method of
strengthening orchestras with fasci
nating ladies, who are nothing but fair
deceivers, as illegal, as coming within
the. provisions of the law for the sup
pression of illicit competition, and so
they are sending test cases to the
courts for decision.
PRETTY MAIDEXS tSED AS
DU3I3IIES IX ORCHESTRA
Serlin Restaurants Resort to Amusing
Subterfuge to Attract
Customers.
One of the charities to which Lady
Craven and her mother, Mrs. Bradley-
Martin, have been devoting special at
tention lately is the school for the in
digent blind at |>outhwark. The Dow
ager Countess of Craven has been for
years a generous subscriber, to the
charity and it Is mainly through her
instrumentality that Mrs. Bradley-
walked up ,to her, reminded her of
the mistake and offered to return her
the ten shillings. The Duchess told
her to keep the coin and added an
other similar one to it as a reward for
her honesty.
LADY CRAVEX'S CHARITY.
OONSUKLO AX EARLY RISER.
Earlv visitors to Covent Garden, es
pecially Jn the flower section of the
market, have been somewhat curious
lately as to the identity of a distin
guished looking woman who appeared
much absorbed in the different kinds
of flowers and plants that are depos
ited there in the early morning for
sale. She is always accompanied by
two other women, who apj^ar to be
her maids. A caterer of flowers to
royalty at last recognized her as the
Duchess of Marlborougii. She has
lately cultivated a taste for early ris
ing and it is not an uncommon thing
to flnd her among the flowers at 5 in
the morning. She invariably walks to
the market and carries her purchases
on top of an ordinary four wheeler on
the return Journey, she says she
Joves to see the West End thorough
fares when the West End sleeps and
declares that it is the only time dur
ing the day that she is actually free
from excitement. The majority of her
market purchases are destined for her
favorite hospitals.
Since she has become a familiar
figure in the market the flower por
ttrs. who are generally middle-aged
women, run after her, offering v their
services in language as polite as Co
vent Garden can muster, because they
hnve learned by experience that she
is exceedingly generous to her own
sex and that the "tip" will be a hand
some one. One of the maids discov
ered after a recent visit to the market
that the Duchess had given one of
these women a ten-shilling; piece In
A matter that is somewhat seriously
exercising the minds of her neigh
bors is that her Grace Is introducing
English men and women as servants.
In the days of the late occupier a few
were English, but the majority were
Irish. If it were not for the popu
larity which the Duchess has already
achieved by personal examples of
munificence and generosity the par
tiality she. displays for Sa-ssenach me
nials would be resented.
It is believed In the neighborhood of
the castle that to console her for her
disappointment over the King's visit,
the Duke and Duchess of Connaught,
v.ith Princess Victoria, will spend a
week or ten days at Kylemore imme
diately after the Duke and Duchess
take possession. The place abounds in
excellent sport in the way of shooting
and fishing, to which the royal party
is devoutly attached. The '•house
warming" is expected to be conducted
on a lavish pcale. The young ! eir to
the Manchester title, who was born in
the other Irish home of the Duke and
Duchess, will for the first time invite
other distinguished babies to share his
hospitality, so that Kylemore will find
gathered under its roof a collection of
youthful aristocrats who may live long
? nouRh to make history. The peasant
children of the neighborhood will be
provided with a party, too. but it is
not known at present whether they will
be allowed to share in the frolics of the
aristocratic bairns. All ths promises
mad* to the people on the estate on
the occasion of the anticipated visit
of the King in April last will now b»
red^med. They will have a holiday at
the Duchess* expense, a party at the
castle in the evening, at tyhich beer
and whisky and music will be provided
—in fact, they will be able to drink her
health in anything from ginger beer to
Burgundy. •
LONDON. July 30.— After much de
r'ay the extensive struc*^ral altera
tions which have been under way at
Kylemore Castle for some months are
now practically completed and it is ex
pected that the Duke and Duchess of
Manchester will be able to go into res
idence there before the end of the Lon
don season. AH the rubbish created by
the alterations, as well as the build
ing tackle, is being removed, but as the
nearest railway station is seven miles
distant from the castle it will be about
a week or two before the grounds and
the premises can be entirely rid of the
unsightly litter. The Duchess, who is
much annoyed at the time the altera
tion? have taken to complete, informed
the builders a month ago that she
wanted them out of the place, bag and
baggage, by the end of July. She re
mon5trated with them at the time of
the King's visit to Ireland for their in
ability to have the place ready for the
reception of his Majesty and the
Queen. She was so disappointed that
she has been writing angry letters al
most weekly to the steward, who is in
charge of the castle, exhorting him to
hurry on the work so that she may. at
least, be able to entertain some Ameri
can friends there before they return
to their own country.
VISIT FROM COXXAUGHT.
Why Royalty
Is Absent at
Kylemore.
DEL A YS
VEXING A
DUCHESS
The Irish language has been spoken
for over 2000 years, and was a finished
speech before any of the modern Eu
ropean tongues were lisped. It has an
extensive vocabulary of some 80,000
words and is especially adapted to the
formation of new words out of old ones
and of "Irishing" foreign elements. The
claim is made for it that in linguistlcal
value it ranks next to Sanscrit. Its MS.
literature, now scattered from Arran
to Moscow, is of immense extent: the
portion written priof to the sixteenth
century alone it has been estimated
would fill 1000 octavo . volumes. The
mass of it is of high quality and great
variety — including story, song, legend,
hymn, tracts on religion, works on law,
medicine, botany, life and manners —
affording much of it, the key to the
social origin of the European races. It
has attracted to its study some of the
foremost of Continental scholars —
French, German, Danish and Italian.
One of the most powerful personalities
in connection with the Gaelic revival
is Dr. Kuno Meyer, a German savant.
Entirely at his own expense he gees
through Ireland delivering lectures on
children and see that competent teach
ers are employed.
The league itself affords Instruction
In the ancient language to some 200,000
pupils, young and old, and employs a
staff of paid agents to revive Interest in
the national' tongue in districts where
it has fallen Into disuse. They send
suggestions to the headquarters in Dub
lin as to the best means of encouraging
and reviving Industries hi the different
localities they visit. They get in touch
with employer;* of labor in order to af
ford facilities for the return to their
own land of young Irish menana wom
en who are working abroad. They dis
tribute literature at fairs and markets,
in which the aims of the league are set
forth and emigration is discouraged.
They organize athletic sports, concert?
and entertainments of various sorts,
that the life of the peasantry may be
rendered less, dreary and monotonous
without having recourse to saloons.
LANGUAGE IS FINISHED.
DUBLIN, July 30.— Friends of Ire
land have been filled with renewed
hope /By -the remarkable growth, popu
larity and stability of the Gaelic
League — the new movement for the
Emerald Isle's regeneration— whose an
nual convention is to be "held here dur
ing the first week in August. The con
vention will bring together hundreds
of . delegates representing branches of
the association not only In Ireland.. but
in all parts of the world. The chief
theme of discussion will be the best
means of reviving the national spirit-
and stimulated that disastrous emigra
tion, which has made barren wastes of
what once were populous districts.
IRISH PEOPLE AWAKE.
The Irish people are awaking to the
fact that the salvation of Ireland can
not be attained by political agitation,
whether revolutionary or constitutional,
and are rallying to the support of the
Gaelic League, in which ancient ani
mosities are buried and* men of di
vergent creeds and party faiths can
work shoulder to shoulder for a com
mon cause. Thus it comes about that
Movement Started Eleven Years A go Now Af
for as Instruction to Uver ZUU,UUU rufiits.
doubted." writes a r.-omlnent member
of the league. "It has awakened the
national conscience to the sin of the
neglect of the old tongue. It has
amended the whole popular conception
of nationality. It has shifted the center
of gravity of the nation to its proper
base. It has shown in the revival of
the Oireachtas that a modern litera
ture in the Irish tongue 13 possible and
desirable. It has restored a great
national and intellectual element to the
lives of the people. It has taught Irish
men to be proud of their past and Its
traditions. It is building up an Irish
Ireland." •
life and character. Bohemia, Hungary,
Denmark. Belgium, Finland, Rou
manla. Bulgaria and Servia are cited
as Instances of national existences
that have been maintained against tre
mendous odds by the triumph of the
national language over an alien tongue.
"In every case," says one commenta
tor, "language was at the forefront of
the national struggle, and the revival
of the ancient language was marked
by the revival of national industries
and resulted in material prosperity."
It is not proposed that English should
be given up. The purpose of the league
is to make Ireland a bi-lingual nation,
using English for x comm rcial pur
poses, tut making Irish again the lan
guage of the hearth and home, the field,
and farm, the social gathering, the
spirit and Intellect of the land.
"The success of the movement is un-
ACTIVE EFFORTS OF THE GAELIC LEAGUE
PROMISE REVIVAL OF THE IRISH TONGUE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 31; 1904.
Pages^ 740-20
Pages 17M0
Gems Cause Worry.Hay wards- Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood shows a remarkable^
record. It has a memly -ship of eighty
five and during the last year It has
had but one suspension. At its l^st
meeting there was a good attendance^
After the routine business tht-i*e was
Fraternat Brotherhood.
... MizpahjCourt No. 1 of the Trfbe ot
Ben Hur, at its^ meeting on the last
Monday^in July(^,had work in the ini
tiatory degree, the work being per
i'ormed by the officers in their new,
beautiful, costly robes. The officers
havfiig become accustomed to the new
costumes rendered the degrees as it
never before was presented in this city.
Members of other courts who witnessed
it highly complimented the initiating
team. This tribe will give a social in its
hall ir^the Odd Fellows' building oa
the first' Monday in August,
Order of Ben Hur.
Eurel-a Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias in the early part of July had
its semi-annual banquet under the
direction of the following named com
mittee In Pythian Castle: F. Klein, F.
Esker, E. S. Belknap, A. R. Moore
house and G. H. Broderson, and a very
pleasant evening was spent. This
lodge during the month of June con
ferred the degrees in long form on a
number of strangers. G. H. Broder
sbn, past chancellor of this lodge, has
been appointed by Grand Chancellor
Burns deputy for District No. 4. Fred
Klein has been elected captain of the
long form team to fill the vacancy
Knights of Pythias.
The officers of Golden Gate Temple
No. 70 were installed on the evening of
July 11 by District Deputy GraSid Chief
Julia F. Day in the presence of almost
the entire membership of th<! temple
and many visitors. Under-good of the
order the installing officer, on behalf of
the temple, presented, as a tpken of it3
appreciation of the able manner in
which retiring Mosi- Excellent Chief
Miss Myrtle Saylor had discharged the
duties of her office, a beautiful em
blematic pin of her station in the or
der. Miss Saylor made a pleasing re
sponf e and then, on behalf of the tem
ple, presented the installing officer a
large bunch of carnations. The cere
monies were followed by the serving of
a collation. This temple has just closed
a most harmonious and successful
term.
The officers of Eschscholtzia Temple
of the Rathbone Sisters have^been in
stalled for the current term. Excellent
officers have been chosen and there is
every prospect that before the next in
stallation there will be a marked Im
provement in the numerical st:.ngth of
the temple. To show the appreciation
of the good and faithful work of *£*ta
Rathbone Jrfisters.
Empress Victoria Lodge of th^
Daughters of St. George will give an
evening at home in ; its hall in Red
Men's building, to-morrow evening.
There will be a good programme, of
musical and literary numbers and
W. G. Johnson, who was recently^
elected grand president of the Order of
St. George. Pacific jurisdiction, is a(
well known resident of the Mission dis
trict and a prominent member of the
English colony. His membership i^ the
order, of which he is now the head, 'is
of long standing and having jbcen a
member of the Grand Lodge^for several
years and having made a study of that
which is necessary of the organization
he is in a position to do much, to ad
vance its standing in the fraternal
world. At the installation banquet
given at the clos^of the,- Grand
Lodge session he gave assurance
that during his administration he
would take advantage of every
good suggestion to increase the
order and make it more influential than,
it is even now and he asked the as
sistance of every member to do his
utmoa^along that line. ¦ ;.
_ 3 ~rz ~ .--¦£
Order of St. George.
v The ladies' night of California Coun
cil of the National Union in the Pio
neer building on the' third Wednesday
in July was one of the most delightful
social functions this council has «ver
given. The entertainment, arranged
by Speaker Charles E. Ker, was a se
lect one, consisting of high class num
bers and each contributor to the pro
gramme was vociferously encored by
the audience that filled the larse hall
to Its full capacity. The orchestral
numbers were very fine and the singing
by Mrs. Lawrance, a member of the
Trinity Episcopal Church choir, who
has a splendid contralto voice, was
very much appreciated. The German
dialect specialties by Dr. W. H. Sie
berst kept the audience a roar of
laughter as long as he was willing to
respond. The programme included the
following numbers: Address to "Our
Guests," by President Charles Bendel:
instrumental selections. Professor Pic
clrillo's orchestra of six pieces; VAnnie
Laurie," California Council Quartet:
whistling solo, Miss Cora Weiner: so
prano solo, Mrs. Ker; selections, or
chestra; alto solo. Mrs. Lawrance: so
prano solo. Miss Vasconcellbs; special
ties, Dr. W. H. Sieberst, and "Ken
tucky Babe," the council quartet. At
the first meeting in August this council
will initiate a class of twelve.
Columbia Assembly, Ladies of the
National Union, at its last held meet
ing in June, after hearing addresses
from President Maas of the Cabinet.
General Deputy Joseph A. Wilson, J.
A. Ross, E. B. McManus and others,
decided to become a beneficial as well
National Union.
The Native Daughter parlors' night
of the Native Sons joint literary and
social committee In Native Sons' Hall,
July 27, was one of the most attractive
affairs that this association has ever
given. The programme included a one
act farce, an exhibition drill by the
team of La Vespero Parlor, N. D. G.
W., under command of Captain Mae
O'Connor, and then a ball under leap
year rules.
. Grand Organizer Mocker instituted
Loyftlton Parlor at Loyalton, Sierra
County, July 18. He has secured the
names of thirty-two applicants for a
charter for a parlor In Taylorsville, in
the same county.
Golden Anchor Parlor of Gibsonville
is undergoing a boom fever in member
ship. After simply holding its own for
a long time it recently added twenty
two to its roll, all from Laporte.
Grand Second Vice President Walter
D. Wagner will soon institute a new
parlor at San Jaclnto. Hechas several
others In process of organization.
Grand Trustee Daniel A. Ryan vis
ited Seaside Parlor at Halfmoon Bay
last week, and the members were treat
ed to a flow of oratory from the elo
quent young man, who Is recognized aa
the silver-tongued orator of Pacific
Parlor. Eighteen strangers were In-
Daniel A. Ryan, the silver-tongued
orator of Pacific Parlor No. 10. deliv
ered the Fourth of July oration at the
celebration in Middleton, Lake County,
on the invitation of Middleton Parlor.
A meeting was held July 26 at 11
o'clock in the forenoon in the office of
the grand secretary for the purpose of
completing arrangements to celebrate
Admission day at the World's Fair at
St. Louis. • >
The Luddy family of Sawyers Bar,
Siskiyou County, is doing well by the
order, having seven members in the lo
cal parlor. Liberty No. 193, of that
place.
Native Sons.
Harry I. Mulcreevey and R. E. Law
will leave this city September 1 to rep
resent California at the Grand Aerie of
the Fraternal Order of Eagles that will
convene in the city of Baltimore on the
12th of that month. These representa
tives will show to the grand body that
in a period of five years in California
the order has increased from one to
fifty-four subordinate aeries? with a
membership of 15,000. They will also
show that in a period of five years sub
ordinate-aeries of the order have been
instituted in every large city in each
State of the Union and in the Territo
ries, and that such have been instituted
and are nourishing in Canada, the Ha
waiian Islands, the .Philippines and
some parts of China and Japan. At the
Grand Aerie an effort will be made to
introduce the order Into England and
to every English-speaking section of
ttae world.
San Francisco Aerie is progressing at
a remarkable rate. In less than live
years of existence it^has accumulated
a reserve fund amounting to $22,000 and
has a hall which is valued at several
thousand dollars/all paid for.
A new aerie was instituted in Anti
och last week, the degree team of San
Francisco Aerie assisting In the initia
tory work.
Fraternal Eagles.
will do all it can to assist. The gener
ous offer was accepted and a commit
tee appointed to confer w*h Alfarata
Council. Mina Thompson, who was thj
first Pocahontas of Manzanita Council,
having a few weeks since'retirea from
the station of prophetess, was, by E.
C. Stock, on behalfof her motherland,
her sister, the latter tht* Wenonah of
the council, presented a beautifully
embroidered regalia of her rank in the
order. Misses Frankie ana" Annie Con
roy and Lottie Wyatt of the degree
team have on various occasiopjs- been
commended in a most complimentary^
manner for the execution of the several
parts assigned to them in the work of
adoption. V; -^
caused ¦ by the resignation of F. O.
Raabe. This lodge, one of the most
hospitable ones in the domain, an
nounces that it is always ready to wel
come any knight -and is anxious to
have visitors see its teams confer the
degrees. *
Unity Lodge No. 61 will confer the
page rank August 4. On July 2S the
lodge had a social session for members.
This lodge has decided to set aside the
fourth Thursday in each month fur so
cial entertainment.
On the-evening of August 3 there
will be a ceremonial session in the
Pythian Castle by the D. D. K. K^ f or
the benefit of a number of knights who
wish to cross the hot sands to meet
the Oriental princes.
OFFICERS OF THREE FRATERNAL SOCIETIES.
place will give the visitors a fine recep
tion.
Last week Court Grizzly Bear and
Companion Court Berkeley gave a joint
party in Berkeley which was, as some
one who was present said, "a magnifi
cent success." Professor Wadsworth,
of the University of California, was the
chairman of the evening and under his
direction there was presented a musical
and literary programme that was one
of the best ever presented in Alameda
County by a fraternal association. The
programme was followed by a, banquet
and dancing. During the evening Dep
uty Supreme Chief Ranger G. Q Stew
art and High Treasurer E. N. Cameron,
who were special guests of the two
courts, addressed* the meeting, and be
fore adjournment five applications were
presented.
The Board of fian Francisco Deputies
at its meeting last week accepted an
invitation extended by Past High Chief
Ranger Cooper to attend a session of
Court Solano in Vallejo, July 27. There
was an open meeting and arrange
ments were made for such a time as
Vallejoites are noted for.
All the courts of this city are taking
an active* interest in the picnic of the
order that will be given at LosGatos
September 9. The court located in that
San Francisco Encampment No. 96 of
the Royal Foresters, Independent Or
der of Foresters, gave its first annual
banquet on the evening of Wednesday,
July 20. Major General Wirshing, on
the staff of the commander in chief,
and Major General Reavis and staff of
the California Division, were invited as
guests of honor on that evening, but
were unable to be present. E. N. Cam
eron, commander, was toastmaster,
and he called upon Past HJgh Chief
Ranger O. S. Cooper. High Vice Chief
Ranger Stewart, President of the
Board of Deputies Murphy and about
thirty others to respond.
During the session of the High Court,
which is to convene in San Diego
October 11, and remain in session for
three days, there will be a class initia
tion In that city by the local court. \
O. H. Nunaley, adjutant of the Cali
fornia Division of the Royal Foresters,
was in this'clty last week, on business
connected with that branch of the
order. .
Past High Chief Ranger O. S. Coopei*
was in this city last week.
The new companion court that is be
ing organized by the membership of
Court-Diana will, it is believed, soon
be ready for institution.
Independent Foresters.
itiated. There were present as visitors
many members of Presidio Parlor of
this city and of San Mateo Parlor.
Precita Parlor has had the following
named installed as fts officers for the
current term by R. ML Roche, district
deputy grand president: James J. Ryan,
past president; Charles A. Keefe, pres
ident; Edward P. Daw, Arthur E. Cur
tis and Fred A. Robertson, vice presi
dents; William F. Newman, marshal;
August Wehrman, treasurer; Daniel J.
Wren, financial secretary; J. O'Hal
loran, recording secretary; Charles S.
Johnson and Thomas J. C. Burke, sen
tinels, and Otto L. Thomas, trustee. .
Milton A. Nathan of Army and Navy
Parlor, .D. D. G. P., has installed the
following named as officers of El Capi
tan Parlor for the current term: H. H.
Coburn, past president: W. A. Taylor,
president; J. E. Shea Jr., A. F. Shan
non and L. E. Byington, vice presi
dents; E. Cahn, marshal; F. R. O'Neill,
recording secretary* T. Brunswick, fin
ancial secretary; J. G. Schroder, treas
urer; M. L. Larkin, trustee for eighteen
months; A. Ruben, trustee for six
( months; H. M. Cahn and Leo Kaiser,
sentinels. ; .'.'.?.-' .W>" . „ '=.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Pacific Parlor
for the current term: Edward J.
Lynch, past president; William Dahl,
president: Jess C. Allen first, George
W. Lillie second and Frank I. Gonzales,
third vice presidents; Henry Dahl, mar
shal; Albert Latham, treasurer; George
G. Fraser. financial secretary; John C.
Miller, recording secretary; R. Dahl, in
side sentinel; M. J. Melvin, outside sen
tinel. District Deputy Grand Presi
dent Banning was the installing officer.
"Welch, the retiring past chief, Carrie
Gilden, on behalf of her loyal friends
in the temple, presented her a costly
cut glass water bottle. After the close
pf the temple there 'was a social hour,
dancirfg and the serving of refresh
ments. =
The officers of San Francisco Temple
were installed for the current ferm by
Julia F. Day, D. D..G. C. "assisted by
Ida M. Brooks as G. S., and .Supreme
Representative Mary Alvord of Sacra
mento as G. M. There was also the
initiation of one candidate, the work
being performed in a letter-perfect
manner by the officers and the degree
team. There were, many present, in
cluding a delegation from Loyal
Temple of Oakland. Past jChief Maude
Whigham, on behalf of the temple, pre
sented the installing officer with a
large bouquet of carnations. After the
installation 'there «-as a light supper
and speeches.
The officers of Olympic Temple of
Grass Valley were'installed by Harriet
J. Robinson, D. D. G. C, assisted by
a full corps of acting grand officers.
A district convention will be held
shortly at Pomona under the direction
" of Mary J. Downing, G. J. Grand Chief
Bettie C. Nickell will preside.
The officers elect of Calaveras. the
fpauty parlor of the order, will be In
stalled in Coloma Hall. Native Sons*
i-buildlng, Tuesday evening, by Mias
(prances M. Edwards, D. P.
G. P., past president of Darina
Parlor. Miss Edwards and Miss
3KathIeen Nunan of Alta Porlor
have just returned from a * tour of
California. While in Santa
Barbara they were most hospitably en
tertained by Miss Antoinette Coutolcno
•nd members of Reina del Mar Parlor.
° Lucia Neubarth, D. D. G. P., installed
the officers of La Vespero Parlor for
the current term, being assisted by
Belle W. Conrad. P. G. P., as grand
marshal. The ceremony was witnessed
"^by a larse number of members of the
order and strangers, as it was a public
installation. After the ceremony.
presented to the district
deputy and an emblematic pin to Miss
Gussie Schilling, the retiring president.
.During the evening there were interest
ing addresses by Past Grand Presidents
Mary E^TUJman and Belle Wlngneld
Conrad and^G rand Secretary Laura J.
brakes. Then followed the serving of
light refreshments and after that danc
ing. Cv.;npari*'A., first regiment N. D.
G. V. T *' \Vespero's drill team. Captain
Mae O'Cqrrnor, will give / -.|. > mWtary hop"
in Its hail during the iriuhth bV August.
The officers of Keith Parlor and those
of La Estrella Parlor were Installed
last week by Emma Thierbach, D. D.
G; P., assisted by Belle W. Conrad, P.
G. P., as gTand marshal and Eliza D.
Keith, P. G. P., as past grand presi
dent. The ceremony was in the hall of
King Solomon Lodge, F. and A..M., and
from the manner in which the business
of the meeting was conducted the of
ficers and members must have been
inspired by the surroundings to carry
ing it on In truest fraternal spirit. The
officers of Keith Parlor are: Minnie
Abrams, president; Pauline Downie,
past president; Meta Kugler, Leonore
Kothe and Mabel Boscole, vice presi
dents; Mrs. Smith, organist; Genevieva
Carroll, recording secretary; Hanna M.
Baily, financial secretary; Clothikle
Brown, marshal; Lulu Aaron, treasur
er; Dr. Freeman, inside sentinel: Helen
Scanlin, outside sentinel, and Bechinor
Abrams and Mrs. Caney, trustees.
Thofl of La Estrella Parlor are: Miss
Rothman, president; Miss Boldemann,
past president; Miss Theal. Miss H.
Bello and Misa Bello, vice presidents;
Miss Hanley, organist; Mrs. M. Bolde
mann, recording secretary; Miss
Frown, marshal; Mrs. Thierbach.
treasurer; Mrs. Regnier, Inside senti
nel; Miss Orengo, outside sentinel:
Miss Mclnerney, Mrs. Hansen tnd
Mrs. Hannell, trustees. After the cere
mony of installation, performed with
that degree of perfection that has al
ways marked the work of Mrs. Thier
bach in that line, there was the pres
entation of a beautiful set of oxidized
silver teaspoons to her by La Estrella
Parlor and a Native Daughter silver
spoon by Keith Parlor. Then there
was the presentation of a like spoon
by Keith Parlor to Dr. Amy Florence
Tenople, the retiring past president.
FKhrnra withoii'Qiumber were present
ed to the retinng and new officers of
the two parlors. Under good for the
order there were addresses by Past
Presidents Conrad and Keith. Gran-i
Laura J. Frakes, Genevieve
Carrollr Emma Thierbach, P. P. G. P..
,t>r. Freeman and E. C. Stock, who was
by special Invitation. Gene
(yieve Carroll has suggested to Keitn
Parlor th;it It take the initiative in
having the order in this State secur*
two statuos commemorative of the*
State to bo placed in the gallery of
statuary at Washington. D. C.
Native Daughters.
The representatives from this State
to the Supreme Lodge have returned to
i his city, accompanied by Grand Re
tor der Spencer, T*hey report that the
session was a harmonious one. Ther%
•were ro changes as to the rates or in
terference with the present plans ex
cept in the case of the State of Mis-.
s='iuri, which was given the power to°
suspend certain provisions of the plan
« hich are not In accordance with the
insurance laws of that S.tate, but which
will in time be changed. Several ne*
options were created, and these, fo
pether with the legislation had during
the nine days* session, will soon be*
jdaced before the membership of thj»
i^tate.
During the month of 'July up to the •
15th the amount of beneficiary claims
raid by the grand recorder was $100,000.
The officers of Magnolia Lodge were*
installed last week in the presence of. a
rumber of the grand officers. After the
ceremony there were addresses by Dep
uty Grand Master Hirshberg, Grand
Recorder Spencer and Grand Receiver'
Booth. Retiring Master Workman"Hub
bard was presented a fine gold watch
in appreciation of his services while
presiding officer of the lodge. M. L.
Stern was the installing officer.
After the installation of the officers
of Alta Lodge there was a banquet, at
which several of the grand officers and
the new and the st-tiring officers had
something to say.
District Deputy Grand Qhief of'Hon
or Lucy McNear installed the following
named as office**? of Silver Spray Lodge
of the Degree of Honor in Excelsior
Hall last month: Mary Coffey, past
chief; Ethel Hallett, chief or honor;
Philomena Cull, lady of honor; Lizzie
Potter^ chief of ceremonies; Nona
Paise, usher: Ethel Ctfristenson, inner
watch; John Ir.gils, outer watch; M.
Coffey. trustee; Linda G. Malloy, 'or
ganist; May Cooper, financier; Stella
Ingils, recorder, and Margaret Morri-^
son, receiver. After the installation*
Mrs. Coffey. the retiring chief, was
presented with a beautiful badge as a
token of fraternal love* and May Coop
er, the financier, was presented a fine
Etruscan vase in appreciation of faith
ful services. The work ot the evening
was followed by a banquet, speech
making and then dancing.
The open meeting of Sjs. John Lodge
in the Pioneer budding July 14 was at
tended by a very Sarge number of peo
ple, who were entertained by a most
pleasing programme, under direction of
General Deputy R. F. Mackenzie, who
holds the record of having done more
for the good of the order in the past
two years than all of the "Other general
deputies combined. The programme
included instrumental and vocal selec
tions, comicalities, pathotic selections
and specialties contributed by Dr. An
derson, the Misses Herman, C. Hallo
way, Miss A. E. Ncvers, Blanche Bou
virre, Mr>. G. S. t\Vithworth, H. R.
Stratton, P. F. Terr^norse, Josh Con
noll. Miss Mattie Brown, Jliss Minnie
Brown, Mrs. Carter. Mrs. Rae Ed
wards, J. McCormack, Mrs. Rush. Mrs.
Fulton, the Misses Tonon and Ryan,
Miss Morse, Profe>>or Davis and
Mrs. Linda G. Malloy. Grand
Recorder C. T. Spencer . during
the evening delivered a fraternal
Fpeech, which was supplemented by an*
address of the chairman of the evening,
Deputy Grand Master Workman Mac
kenzie, who stated that the reason of
the open meetings is to cement the fra
ternal spirit that now exists in Sts.
Johns Lodge and to try to induce others
to participate in the protection and
benefits of the lodgej He demonstrated
by figures that since the lodge has been
in pxistence there has been paid out to
widows and orphans of decsisc-d mem
bers the sum of 5135,000. ' a -ST.
May E. Core, who was re'vntly in
stalled as chief of honor of Carnation
Lodge, is a bright young mi«nber of
that subordinate, one who is fired with
fraternal ambition aiA who will no
doubt, during the present term, do
much to bring the lodge to the front,
with the assistance of the other offl
"**•« and members.
Oshonee Tribe will give Its tenth an
niversary ball' la Lyric Hall on the
evening of Saturday, August 6. A num
ber of prizes will be distributed during
the evening.
Manzanita Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas is still working to reach ;
the five hundred, rnarjk. At its, meeting
on the fourth Friday In July the coun- •
cil adopted a class of palefaces and
-will adopt several more at the council
on the first Friday in August. During
the evening . Past. Pocahontas Mrs.
Janes of Alfarata Council said that in
the past it had been the custom of the
council of which she is a member to
entertain the chiefs of the Great Coun
cil and to give an exemplification of
the work, but this year it had decided
to offer to Manzanita, the youngest
council in the order, an opportunity to
act as host and to render the adoption
work. She also stated that Alfarata
Redmanship.
as a social organization. The followlnsr
were appointed a committee to pre
pare a plan to be presented at the next
meeting: Miss Mabel ; Miller, J. A.
Ross, Ed. Dillon. Lawrance Vin
cent and Mrs. Nellie L. Havey. The
following named were installed by %he
president of the Cabinet as the officers
of the assembly for the current term:
Mrs. D. Oliver Jr., ex-president: Mrs.
Nellie L. Havey, president; Mrs. J. A.
Ross, vice president; Mrs. A. B. Craw,
chaplain; Mrs. E. B. McManus. re
cording secretary; Mrs. M. E. Salo
mond, financial secretary and treasur
er; Mrs. Fannie E. Shea, guide: Mrs.
A. M. Phillips, guard; Mrs. Montgom
ery Mitchell, Mrs. J. C. Doane and Mrs.
A. J. Young, trustees. The Installation
was followed by a Short programme of
instrumental music by Miss M. Mc-
Kenna, dialect stories and imitations
by Harry Green and progressive whist.
The assembly has changed its quar
ters to Balboa Hall In the Native Sons'
building and will hereafter meet on the
second and fourth Wednesdays of each
month.
an evening of entertainment, the prin
cipal event being a farce in which th<5
leading 1 characters were taken by E.
V. Collie, E. A. Castello and M. H.
Sorreson.
Progress Lodge had a pleasant basket
6ocial In Its hall, Red Men's building,
recently. There was a large attend
ance and an entertaining programme
of amusement.
"When the recent contest for mem
bership between Mission and Columbia
lodges closed It was supposed from
the rush of candidates Initiated In the
last named lodge on the last night of
the contest that It had "won the
game," but the official returns since
then returned show that a number
of those taken into Columbia Lodse
did not complete their membership ac
cording to law and that the net result
of each lodge was an equal number of
candidates fully Initiated. Conse
quently neither is the winner and tha
dinner that Columbia's members ex
pected to eat at the expense of Mis
sion was only a dream.
The July open meeting of Columbia
Lodge in the Ruby Hall of the Red
Men's building was a success in every
way. The hall was crowded with mem
bers and friends, who were entertained^
with an excellent programme, the fea-5
ture of which was a sketch from Rich
ard III by Samuel Cain, a member of
the lodge. . He also favored with He
brew impersonations. Mr. Cain left
last week for the East, where he will
accept a theatrical engagement. The
lodge will miss him, for he is a clever
entertainer in the lodgeroom. Others
who contributed to the programme
were: Mrs. Konlng-, Miss McCormack.
Mr. Bsrtlst, the Sisters Doan and the
Sisters Rugg. By particular request
Little Miss Loralne and Master Jewell,
children of A. E. Allen and wife, mem
bers of the lodge, favored with a fancy
dance. After the programme there was
dancing in the assembly hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904!.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18MISS BUSLEY GIVES HER EXPERIENCES WITH PLAYS AND PLAYERS.
The Tivoli's admirable ''Robin Hood"
—its last night to-night, by the way
is responsible for the large expectations
entertained concerning "The Toreador,"
that opens to-morrow evening. The
new piece is by Ivan Caryll and Lionel
Monckton and was a stunning success
in both London and New York. It is
difficult with the cast the Tlvoli has to
give the comedy to imagine any other
ABUNDANCE OF BRIGHT
THINGS ON THE BOARDS
FOR THEATER GOERS
The German Emperor has now taken
to the smoking of a most elaborate
pipe, with specially prepared Havana.
This marks a great advances on th»
mild cigarettes with which he com
menced his sovereign career. After that
he crept up to equally mild straw-col
ored cigars of Dutch make, costing a
penny, though these he indulged j n only
at the close of the day. His present
habit he has inherited from his father,
who was a great smoker of the well
known student pipes, such as Bismarck
substituted for cigars toward the end
of his life, and no popular portrait of
"Unser Fritz" was thought to be per
fect without his long, big-bowled pipe.
The old Emperor neither smoked nor
snuffed, although the latter hablFwaa
adopted by Frederick the Great and
continued by three of his successors.
But the greatest smoker of all the
Hohenzollerns was Frederick's father.
Frederick William I, the kidnaper of
giants, whose only Parliament was the
famous "Tabakscollegium."— Leslie' 3
Weekly. :,:.'•¦¦¦:.
Breeding Wild Ducks.
A new feature in Scotland this year
that promises well for the future Au
gust sport there is the breeding of wild
ducks. A driven wild duck presents aa
difficult a shot to the crack gunner aa
a driven grouse, and the birds can be
more certainly driven over the guns
frorngs. hill loch than from the low
lying lakes in the English counties,
where that branch of sport has hither
to been most successfully introduced
and followed. And one great recom
mendation in its favor, which should
lead to its wider adoption in grouse
counties, i9 that the sport can begin
earlier in the holiday month of August
than grouse shooting commences on
the surrounding moors.— London Coun
try Gentleman*
Emperor William as a Smoker.
"Theatrical history and the rest." I
say largely. "Why did you go on the
stage— Just had to, ,no other life, and
the rest of it?"
. "No, sir," the actress explained. "I
went on because I had to earn my own
living, and because I could make more
money that way than any other. It is a
hard life. If I had not to make my
living I doubt if I should "act.
I always feejrso sorry, for the poor
young, things that flutter to the stage.
I tell them # to go home if they have
a home to go to — it's the best place."
and very serious were Miss Busley's
big, blue eyes.
She had been casting restless, hungry
looks again at her shoulder, forgetting
the sympathy; that fronted her. Then
she beamed as she suddenly remem
bered, and pinched and patted the
hidden rambler into subjection.
"When one 4tches the greatest . hap
piness is to scratch," I quoted asf.1 left
her. "Oh, only Socrates, you remember.
Vulgar old ruffian, wasn't he?"
of the play were discussed! You
heard nothing else. People said she en
couraged the poet— do you think she
knew how he felt toward her?"
"Certainly, and knew that he would
be more beautiful as well as useful for
the feeling," I flippantly settled it.
There was a little Barrymore talk
then, and the actress, who knows the
charming Ethel very well, told me how
earnestly she worked, how vastly she
had^ improved, how beautifully she
plays on the piano.— and-pff. And I put
on the "loud." pedal to ifall. Miss Bus
ley had seen Miss Barrymore first in
"His Excellency the Governor" — we
raptured over that awhile. She had
seen her "Carrots" — further raptures.
Her Cousin Kate was, well, what was it
not, delightful? Did Busley think
Miss Barrymore chief child of New
York or Maude Adams? Perhaps Maude
Adams. She is older and better known.
Didn't we like her here. Oh. vastly!
They would go to see Miss Adams in
anything in New York.
"It seems to me," I said then, "that
you have a rather uncommon prefer
ence for talking about other folk rather
than yourself?"
"I didn't notice ;lt." Miss Busley said
quaintly. "What do you want to
know?"
interest demanded it. Then I told her—
the odious comparison notwithstanding
— of . the companies Mr. Miller had
brought here, the 1902 one, for example
—though E. J. Morgan was missing—
with Lawrence D'Orsay, now starring;
William Courtleigh, Charles Gothold,
Arthur Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Walcott. Fred Thorne. Walter Allen,
Jennie Eustace. Mrs. Whiffen, Grace
Elliston, Ethel Ilornick, Lillian Thur
gate, Dorothy Tennant. Martha Wal
dron, .and Miss Anglin. Think of it!
And the plays— in fact, Miss Busley,
Mr. Miller has given us the best in the
' market and we haven't forgotten it.
Did she think that "Mice and Men" and
its cast were quite up to Miller levels?
"I told Mr. Miller," his leading lady
whispered, "that he ought to play
Lovel's part, and I— truth to tell I'm
just groping In mine yet. We've had
the play only a few weeks."
"How ghould you like to play a new
part every week?" I asked. V N ;
"Rather be a day laborer," the little
lady returned. Then she remarked: "I
think you'll like 'Joseph Entangled.'
Imagine, you'll see it here before New
York." T,
"We're quite In the habit of seeing
things here before New York," I haugh
tily tell the New Yorker- "In fact,
Miss Busley, we expect to be sending
several plays there shortly, besides all
the good poems, pictures, novels and
battleships and things.
"Oh!" said Miss Busley, "leave us
something." .
"Then, tell me what you have been
doing besides Peggy," I ordered. "I
saw a picture of you— in. tlghtsl— in
'The New Clown'." -/ > .x
"Too true," Miss Busley confessed.
"Jessie" is her other name, methinks
It: time to tell.. "What have I been do
ing? Oh, something of everything.
Last season I u-as with William Gil
lette in 'The Admirable Crichton' — de
ee-lightful thing! Then I was in 'Lit
tle Mary'— the humor of that is rather
too English for American audiences.
Oh, I've done a little of everything."
"Do you like the problem play?"
"No, sir," she said. "I like Shaw,
though." Very respectfullyshe asked,
then: "Have you had 'Candida' here?"
I was obliged to own that we hadn't
had 'Candida' here.
"It has just been done— In New
yprk/^Miss Busley twinkled. "I think
Ifs: charming. Dorothy Donnelly did
tke Candida— really, she's tremendous
ly good. It is a splendid part, fine,
strong, and so many lines that stick,
that hold you. Don't you remember
wher«s she says to her husband: 'When
there was anything to give— you gave
it When there" were bills to pay— I
paid them.' What a story that tells.
The man was so -unconsciously selfish."
"Isn't that the only saving grace of
selfishness?".
"It would be too horrible otherwise,"
ahe said simply. "But how the morals
a manager' who has brought here more
good plays, more good companies, than
any one T;lse, and then, as the mosl ac
complished of stap-e lovers* You don't
know how the girls envy you — and Miss
Anglin 'and Miss Elliston a_nd Margaret
Dale and all the rest. Isn't it terribly
romantic, really?" I slyly suggest.
"Very," Mips .Butlpy Fhyly owned.
She cast down her eyes to say! "Can't
you imatrine how romantic it is? Mr.
Miller will say — you know how — 'You
are all the world to me, Pepgy dear'
('Miss 'Busley, if yc-u put your foot
there I shall fall over it'); 'I cannot live
without you* {"What the. deuce is that
noise in 'the wings?); 'come, to my
arms, beioved!"
The 'audience clapped. its hands for
the piquant fun of the acfing, then re
marked: • "The romantic is not your
forte?" 7 y .- V;*
"I hate 'gooey' parts." ehe nippily
put it. "I have a darling part in 'Jo
seph Entangled.' She's a little rat!"
"And yc-u like little cats?"
' Somehow, from "little cats" we got to
th'e charity foundlings in the first act
of "Mice and Men." Seven of them
there are,* quaintly delightful, and
Paul Gerson, in spite of the jeremiads
launched at the dramatic schools, is
trying 'to teach them to act.
"They are ever so good, don't you
think?" Miss Busley asked, then tem^
porized: "Perhaps if they knew more
they'd net be so good. And I know"—
she giggled .mischievously— "that every
one of t them Says to herself as I go on,
'Oh, shouldn't I like to- show her how to
do it!! That confidence -In oneself is
•so useful— and so fleeting. But what
you can do with it! I remember a so
ciety girl who knew absolutely nothing
going on at an hour's notice in quite a
Ihng.part. It went off without a hitch.
She never turned a hair. I'd have had
the 'willies' and everything else — "•-,© .;¦¦;..
"They don't know what they don't
know," said her vis-a-vls oracle.
"Exactly," Miss Busley agreed. "Mr.
•Miller is ratheY a good man fer teach
ing you th"at."- /_
"Sol undersStantl.H;
* "In fact," the actress leaned forward
and put up an eager chin to it: "I
don't jknow a better. He has such a
realty" miraculous eye for detail, as well
as the capacity for seeing the whole
effect. You n«ver question his judg
ment. You just lean onjit. You say to
yourself, when he suggests things,
'that man knows he's talking
about.' And he nev.er spares himself.
And. again, he is so very generous on
the stage." * ; -.
. "We know that here," I told her, and
recounted how Mr. Miller had pro
duced, for* our pleasure, 'plays without
¦num*r in which he came oft hardly
even third. best as to parts; how we
had watched him build up effects for
his neighbor /actors; how we knew if
he' were found in the ,center of .the
staze it was only the artistic
David Belasco gained yesterday a
point in his litigation with Klaw & Er
langer that promises Interesting devel
opments. A suit was commenced by
David Belasco through his attorneys,
Datas, the " young English coal
heaver, phenomenal for his memory of
dates, has ended his six weeks' en
gagement at the New York Theater
roof garden and will sail for London
August S to begin the fulfillment of
contracts which will occupy his time
for fully two. years. (7He has made a
really remarkable bit in New York,
answering correctly and without hesi
tation all questions in reference to
dates in the history of all nations,
lives of noted men, great catastrophes,
scientific dis<§yeries, sporting events,
battles, shipwrecks, etc., even going
back* 2000 years. His entertainment is
a most interesting one, particularly
when one of his audience has evidently
come prepared to catch him in lapses
.of memory. His answers to "fool"
questions are. always witty.
A. M. Palmer's all-star cast revival
of "The Two Orphan* ," which created
a sensation at the New Amsterdam
Theater in New York last spring, will
begin its tour at tfte Colonial Theater
in Boston early in Septemb^ An ex
tended route, including the^principal
cities, has been booked for it. Grace
George and Sarah Truax will play the
title roles, Louise and Henrlette. James
O'Neill willplay the Chevalier; Louis
James, Jai«ues; J. HI. Dodson, Pierre;
Clara Morris, Sister Genevieve; Elita
Proctor Otis. Frochard; Mrs. W. J. Le
Moyne, the Countess, and Bijou Fer
nandez, Marianne. Other members of
cast are Jameson Lee Finney,
Beach, Thomas Meighan, Harold How
ard, Harrison Fowler, Edwin Caldwell,
Lucy Milliken, Marie Stuart and Jus
tine Cutting. The great scenic equip
ment utilized at the New Amsterdam
Theater will be used en tour.
One of the most attractive features
of Wagenhals & Kemper> dramatic
spectacle "Salammbo," in which Fred
erick Warde and Kathryn Kidder will
star next season, is said to be the in
cidental music specially composed by
Henry K. Hadlef* This music, whk?^
includes an overture and several cit
ruses, is said^o be both Impressive and
melodious.
Neva Aymar, thr» comedienne, singer
and dancer, who attracted not a little
attention with the F^fier Brothers'
Company last season,- 7 will play the
role of Colin, the principal bo'y, in
Klaw & Singer's Drury Lane spec
tacle, "Mother . Goose," the coming
season. >*,
Josephine Cohan, formerly of "The
Four Cohans." will i fc-y the leading
female part in "The Rogers Brothers
in Paris" the coming season. Miss
Cohan is ,a clever comedienne and an
exceptionally artistic dancer.
CHANGES ANNOUNCED
AMONG THE PLAYERS
THROUGHOUT COUNTRY
The Bible Is the best selling book
in the world. It leads, and by a long
Interval, all other publications in
copies purchased in the ordinary chan
nels of trade, without regard to what
may be called the official distribution.
Every book store which undertakes
to carry a full line of stock sells the
Bible. Several important corporations
confine themselves to the manufacture
and sale of Bibles, and others find in
the Bible their leading feature. Of
no other book can this be said. Speak
ing some time ago of the insatiable de
mand for the Bible as an article of
merchandise, an officer of the Method
ist Book Concern, which till recently
issued cheap editions of the Bible,
said: "Like all publishers, we have to
keep watch of the sale of books in gen
eral, even the most popular, so as not
to get overstocked. But this never oc
curs in printing the Bible. We Just
keep the presses steadily at work, and
if we happen to find that w» have
40,000 or 50.000 copies on hand it
gives us no uneasiness. We are sure
to sell them, and we go straight ahead
printing." — The Century.
Publishers Not Alarmed About Over
stock With 50,000 Copies on Hand.
. Keep on Printing.
BIBLE STILIi THE BEST
SKLIJNG BOOK IN WORLD
Campbell and Johnson, two memb'^s
of the famous Zarrow tria of bicyclists,
will appear at the Chutes this week. (1
Cliij? May and John W. Albaugh Jr.,
who have madetrecords in New York,
will burst upon the Orpheum this aft
ernoon. They bring "A Girl from Kan
sas," by Grant Stewart. Mr. Olopa, a
gentleman who from flat-dwelling has
come to balancing his piano on his
head, is anothe^ novelty.
Hoyt's "Sergeant James" c Wlll be
done at the Central and will doubtless
attract a large audience of fun-lovers
to the uptown house.
"Shenandoah," most famous of mili
tary dramas, will be the bill at the
Grand Opera-house this . week, with
James Neill and his clever company.
• • • /
Fischer's will be en evidence this
week again with a_new piece. It is to
be hoped that it will duplicate the rec
ord of "A Lucky Stone,", and- as the;
success of the aforesaid "was not less
than four-fifths due to the Fischermen
and women this is likely. They import
a new mansthis week, oti* Lionel Law
rence, and the former favorite dancer,
Flossie Hope, will reappear.
* - f • *
The revival of "The Lady of Lyons"
at the Alcazar this week will douiitless
interest a large number of playgoers.
Emphatically! old-fashioned asMt is,
this romance seems to be- perennially
attractive, and should furnish Whyte
Whittlesey . and ".Miss Eugenie Thais
Lawton — who will be. ; imported from
the Central this week— with a congenial
medium. , P
At the Columbia Henry Miller con
tinues "Mice and Men." Miss Jessie
Busley, Mr. Millpr's n«w leading lady,
has earned considerable favor with the
large audiences. "Mice and Men" will
be followed next week by "Joseph En
tangled," the newest comedy of Henry
Arthur Jones, that will be then seen
for the first timeHIn America*,
, ¦ wT-^S* • •'¦- '--*-¦
local record for .it, but the proof of the
pudding — Miss Carrie Reynolds, a new
soubrette with a handsome history, will
make her. debut In the piece.
Vexations and 9 Tribulations of Ameri
can Women Who Desire Tailor
3Iade Dresses.
LONDON, July 30. — American
uomen coming over to London with
the Idea, of getting
dresses, olnart in style and low
in price, would be well warned to relin
quish the idea instanter. For work of
the_same quality the price Is scarcely
less^than at home, and the exaspera
tion^ of trying to get a London tailor
td 1SJ an American woman and cet the
work done on time are well nlsh be
yond belief. Here is the diary of an
actual experience, just as it was writ
ten down at my request by the victim
—the tailor being one of hijeh reputa
tion In London and charging: almost
exactly the same prices that would be
charged by a smart New York tailor:
Ordered dress May 15 to be finished in
First fitting promised May 19. Not
First fitting promised May 20.
First fitting promised May 22.
First fitting given May 23 and second
fitting promised for Tuesday, May *>6
Not ready May 26.
Telegraphed must have fitting June S
Tailor did not call June 5.
Telephoned for tailor June 6. He
came and promised dress June 7.
Dress not delivered June 7.
Telegraphed June 8 for dress that aft-
Dress delivered June 9. All wrong;
impossible to wear it.
Dress sent back June 10. Promised
it should be altered and returned June
11. in morning, in time for an en
gagement. Dress not delivered until
evening, too late for engagement.
Tailor promised to call June 12 for
fitting another jackst in place of jacket
number one, which was ruined in mak
ing.
Tailor did not call June 12 and since
then nothing has been heard from him.
Have obtained dress elsewhere.
If you think this an extreme case
ask any American woman of your ac
quaintance who has tried it and see
what she says.
LO^TDOX GOWN 3IAKERS
ARE AND UNCERTAIN
The London correspondent of the
E/imatic News has the following in
terest :.£ comment upon the recent
joint engagement,therf0;f Mrs. Patrick
Campbell and ferah Bemhardt, in
Maeterlinck's "Pelleas and Melisande:"
"Maeterlinck^ play requires a pe
culiar style of acting. There should be
no touch of realism and the parts must
be played so that the whole does not
lost its allegorical import. Some may
hold that this is impossible on the
stage; that the play is not a play at
all. But you cannot read it without
being struclQlwith the beautiful sim
plicity with which the author has pre
sented his allegory of the soul come as
a light into an obscure world, where
the joy of life has been a stranger. The
human soul (Melisande) has wandered
forth into the world, and has cast away
the crown of spirituality; she is cap
tured against her will by Golaud, the
ordinary man to whom love is a pos
session; but the complement of her be
ing is love, pure, idealistic love, and
-she finds it in Pelleas. The world is
too dense, however, and Golaud. as its
representative, kills the perfect love of
Pelleas and Melisande. All the hope
held out fesi the world is that Meli
sande's chird, half-soul, half-Golaud,
will live. It will be better than a joy
less world without love at all. That,
at least, is the interpretation which I
put on the play, but Maeterlinck is an
artist, and his work has the intelligible
inexplicity of all art that is worthy of
the name. One might as well attempt a
logical explanation of the Tristan and
Isolde, or of ontfjjjof the pictures of
Watts orJBurne-Jones, or the sculpture
of Rodiiyor Gilbert. But as I said at
the outset, the play requires the whole
to be brought out with consistent clear
ness, and this demands a peculiar style
of acjing. It cannot be said that Mrs.
Patrick Campbell quite grasps the idea
of Melisande. I thought that of her
acting of the part in English, and
yesterday, being hampered by the
foreign language, it was even more
noticeable. Her Melisande has no
mystery; she is an ordinary woman
who has married when quite " a girl
a man whom she does not care for. and
falls really in love with his brother.
A very graceful woman, it is true,
with a strange charm, but still only a
woman. It was here that the genius of
Sarah Bernhardt was so clearly proved.
From beginning to end her Pellea* was
an allegorical figure, taking its proper
part in the picture. Hardly a word
missed its significance. And what music
there was in her voice! What melting
modulations of tone in that beautiful
love scene beneath Melisande's window,
and what elaljon of passion in that
other when the love of the two reaches
its climax. It was not ordinary love
making, but a poetical paean to love in
the abstract as the author evidently in
tended It should be. Perhaps the very
fact that a woman was acting the part
of Pelleas helped toward the illusion,
nr@.klng the love less realistic and more
abstrac!^ At any rate, it was a singu
larly beautiful performance.
The golaud of M. Decouer was
powerful in the ordinary stage style,
and for that very reason it did not
create the right atmosphere. The vio
lence of the man when he finds out that
his love is not just because he has
bound it with his hands should have
been more restrained, and the charac
ter as a whole should have had its
being in a world_cf gloom. The smaller
parts of ,'ind Arkell, how
ever, were played in quite the* right
spirit by Mme. Germain and M. Cealis,
and the little Yrrkrid was well done by
Mile. Raymonds, o the self-possessed
child who made suen a hit '.^i Zaza. The
difficulties' of staging wen smoothly
overcome. It;vas a pity so many outs
and transpositions were held to be
necessary, and it was a shame that th( j
audience did not liste*: to M. Gabriel
Fault's entr'actes. The French com
poser has splendidly caught the spirit
of the play, and if there had been less
chattering during the short entr'actes,
the Interest would have been more con
tinuous, for though the play itself is
cut up into many Bu.nes, the dramatic
idea Is as gradually expressed, and with
as organic a consistency as a Greek
play or a social drama of Ibsen's." U
• ¦ • *
Here -is a Neyv York picture: "We&3r
and Rush's production, 'Paris' by
Night,' on the *oof o' Madison Squa»^
Garden, New York, claims pr .r.eiisne*
as the most popular attraction of New-
York's midsummer, and is easily and
away the best production ever given at
this famous amusement resort. Tjie
audiences, even when the weather^ has
been threatening, have filled everyCfceat
available, while hundreds of persons
have been glad to stand the entire
evening, enjoying the performance,
drinking in thr.cool breves titat blow
on the roof of the srar&en when the citi*
below is sweltering in-heat and humid
ity." ' . £) **
.Vidaver & Josephso-n. to compel Klaw
& Erlanger to account to him 'or the
money they had received from the va
rious theaters throughout the United
States for booking "The Heart of
Maryland," Belasco claiming that in
receiving such moneys Mesrs. Klaw &
Erlanger acted in bad faith towa.-i
him. The appellate division haa unan
imously: decided' that David Belasco
need not specify what su: is of mor^y,
Klaw & Erlanger received, but on the.
contrary Klaw & Erlanger must sub
mit to an examination of thei»' books,
so that Belasco: may ascertain from
whom, and in what am-unts, Klaw &
Erlanger- received pay for booking
"The Heart of Maryland." Practically
speaking, Belasco has now been ac
.corded bv .the court the right tc ir
vestigate the entire working of what is
•generally termed the Theatrical Syndi
cate. :
Frightened, was .she? • Shyj flushed,
!ittle Miss But»ey heid;*ut a hand to
me thit I could have sworo tnembled.
I had gone £j see Henrv Miller's new
iC-iding lady for a chal fof the week,,
and found her "at home." But a» I
vent in there was an atmosphere of
what was it? It seemed to me that
Miss Busley's bis b'ue eyes sparkled
nervously, tha. *he voice that bade me
r •• a seat was a Htth -breathless. Cer
tainly she welcomed oddly the artist's
f uggestlon tiat she go acrosa'tbe street
to pose for him at the Columbia's stage
door. I couldn't make it out. Could. I
have?— I ranidly recalled what I had
written ine «iight before of the little
lady— "delightfully natural!" "girlish."
•arch." ail the pretty things that Miss
Busley's Peggy in "Mie6 ahd Men"- Is.
What did she expect? perchance com
parisons with Bernhardt or Duse? Nay,
laat small, modest creature. Perhaps
Fhe was just "nachally"*alraid of news.
1 it per folk. B^t I wondered as I told
her I would wait there in her room un
til after the posing. • *
It was not a the St. frands. W!th"!n
I 5 stone's throw— yours, not mine— of
the Columbia, i* a~< unpretentious
place, where you Btay If you wish to
pave your heels during your engage
ment at the theater. Mlss'Busley does
—though, poor thing, there's little .to
pave with her. "We bc^ the small, pink
things, you remember, la "Alice 'and
Men." But this place Is not exactly
r.Mnelike. In fact, from the fatly cush
ioned velvet chairs to the unplctured
¦wa.ll.-t, to the squat., brazen, glaring
¦white pitcher .t In which were heaped
Miss Busley'e "Poral tributes?' of the
night before. It -was hopelessly hotelly.
There was a manuscript of "Mice and
Men" en the table. There" was— lorjely!
— a horseshoe, carefully upturned, rest
ing against o~e of the* non-Etruscan
pitchers. And, as I live, n$ver a m'orn
- Ing paper to he seen! "
Miss Busley looked better when sihe
came back, though she shivered as she
tat down. Suc>j a sijm. little creature, I
though', as she fitted herself into the
Hg chair.
"Isn't it very cold here?" she astted
me, her big eyes shining confidingly
into mine. "We've ju"st been scorching'
in SC*mt York. Oh. yes; I kno.w I should'
have brought heavier clothes. Every
body told me to. But when "the ther
mometer '.* at 90 degrees in New
Yori: — " ' . .. ."
"On, don't say we are not like New
York — I can Ftar.d anything £lse," I
plead. • • " '•.-..
Misi Busley laughed then", showing
the whitest of teeth. But. her little fin
gers were twisting and untwisting "in a
fashion that certainly indicated nerves.
She, however, said r,ozily: "Perhap's I
feel the cold because T'm thin."
"You are thin." I politely agree.
• Can you tell me what tb do for it?"
"I ?'' " . . •
"You're fatur than ru« — " .
' -Malted milk?' 1
"Rather be thin. Oh." she laughed,
"they all get fat but me. Even Mar
garet* Anglin — oh. it's immensely be
coming to her," she tt»)t in at my.im
acined disapproval.
"And Margaret Anglin is igetting— no,
• all it not fat-rstout," I echoed unbe
lievingly. "NeVi.*re!" I .^
Miss P.uFley smiled and nodded. "It's
true." Did I imagine it* then, of was
the troubled look coming back? The
little actress addfj w't.h {^parent ef
fort: "Mies Ar.glin is io star this sea
son, you know. Isn't she very clever?
Hhe ha.« a German play, r believe, 'The
Kt<7;al Feminine.' It has been very
BuecesFful on the Continent, I hear" —
There was no doubt *.f it. •Something
was the matter. Miss Bu&fcy's cheeks
were petting redder and redder. Her
littl- feei were distressfully tapping the
linor. Her under lip *vas bitten *in. Her
ehov* ler? quivered convulsively. Then,,
as her Mim hand «=hot up to one of
P" ?in, she cried— between laughing and
Oh. I cant help i^"'
'D'«n't mind me," i »<iughp4, suddenly
illumined.
Tht young woman pinche4 her shoul
der in ecstatic rrlief as sht whispered,
scattering capitals and italics all over
ih«» thop: "The wretch has been biting
me ever since you came: Isn't it per
fectly horrid? How can you ever- get
used to them!
Truthlc-ssly then I boasted: "They
don't bite us. Only New; Yorkers.'"
"But let's talk about ljjice now, and
"Do you like the play?".she aske'd me.
Unkind Miss B • lev -I had tried to'say
I didn't that morning!
"Not jriuch." I admit. "I think, how
ever, tha' cast different/y it would
please hotter. But things happen so
obviously in It. V-ju l^ant get away
irorn the -wheels, end the atmosphere
is so uncertain— UhS. and little but a
powdered wig to suggest - 1 after the
fi»t act. Still, that's partly th* fault
of the acting—" g*%
"The playwrights, to«., * Miss Basley
f-ontended. "Do you remember, for ex
ample, where Roger Goodlake, when
Embury asks him to question the
foundlings, replies: 'No, it's none of
my funeral.' In 176C!" ,-<
"And thir.k again of the unpardon
able caddishneKS of the hero — throwing
away Mrs. Goodlake's titter," I add.
"Why couldn't he have dropped It? And
Mr. Tiden's — hero — well — "
"Mr. Tiden only had the part fct two
days," Miss Busley answered my shrug
ged criticism.
Two days-! No wonder that the actor
had not "convinced!"
"And do ycu like your part?" I asked
then.
A little doubtfully the little actress
nodded: "Yes. It is a very pretty part/I
"Yet I fancy you in something more—
Boubrettish," I venture
"I think 1 am better in something:
more— 'soubrettiEh. " Miss Ifcisley
echoed. There was a demure glint In ,
h^2* eyes still more convincing than her
tpoken assent^
"That so b£ng," I pursued magis- •
terially, "your Peggy was still Cleverer
than I thought it. Yet I felt you were
>»ottlin? things u^ That'* what made
you nervous last irfght?"
"I'm always nervous first nights,"
MIes Busley confessed. "But'last night
I was afraiu for Mr. Tiden, too. If
he'd gone up I should have gone up
also, you know. But I am a bundle of
nerves, anyway— ir^ybe because I'm
thin. But I'd rather he thin and ner
vcu« — ¦ .
"Than fat and fascinating," : I offer
in c.\»ceitful antithesis.
She nodded in a birdlike way. then
suddenly switched: "You. people are
not used to reeing Mr. Miller in the
Mark Embury kind of parts?"
"No," J replied and enlarged further:
•'.We're used to Mr. Miller here first as
Popular Airs Are AH ?tl»e Rage in
Cares and on Boulevards
Paris.
PARIS, 5 Juiy 30. — American music
has literally conquered Paris. All tna
popular airs here are American. Th«
little comic opera, the music \of the »
orcchestra of "the open-air theaters,
of the Jardin de Paris and Les Ambas
sadeurs are all American^ Selections
from "A Country Girl" ilbld sway at
Marigny.
Coon song3 translated into French "
?.re heard on 'all sides as one cirive3
through the Champs Elysee.^ In the
evening-. The most populal? of all .
sonii is '.;ph, Bedelia, I'd Like to Steal
Ycu." Even the boulevardiers love to
sing it.
Fre?ident Loubet, persisting in tola
democratic habit of taking an early
morning airing on the grand boule
vards, has been greeted with the song.
"I'd Like to Steal You."
Coon songs are difficult of transla
tion into French collormialism and the
effect is marvelous?.
FRENCH '•> ll£\N SITTING
AilELtlCAN COON SONGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19In view of the very successful Issue
of a recent enterprise here the follow
ing may be of Interest to the dealers
and exporters of meats in the United
States: Owing to the prevailing high
prices In Belgium for butchers' meat
of all kinds, attention has lately been
directed to the importation of beef and
mutton in cold storage. A large Im
portation was made from La Plata and
shops were opened in several of the
cities of Belgium for the sale of the
meat, which was retailed at prices va-'
rying from seven to fourteen cents per
pound, or nearly four and a half cents
per pound less than native beef and
mutton. The meat is reputed to be of
excellent quality and tne unexpected
competition has created considerable
uneasiness among the butchers in lo
calities where the imported meats are
sold. The meat is sent in cold storage
direct from Argentina to Antwerp^-
New York Commercial.
Arjjentina Meat In Belgium
The'^Messrs. • FlortQce and Coralie
Selby are at home once more and will
stay some time in Oakland. It is Flor
ence's first visit home after three years
of absence, and Coralie's after two. The
Her meeting with Major Purdy came
about while on a visit to the Campbells
of Honolulu, the, daughters of whose
household she met w^ile a student at
Notre Dame at* San Jose!
and Major W. A. Purdy of Honolulu
was on Tuesday alight at
,the Paulist Church ;the Rev. Father
Wyman officiating.
Miss Christal is a beautiful girl, tall,
well u.-atured and stunning, and M the
daughter of Dr. ChrWtal of Santa Cruz
—he who £>r some years was in charge
of the State Hospital at Agnews.
The pretty bride was the grand
daughter of the well-known Italian
capitalist, A. Gresconi of Santa Cruz,
who bequeathed her -something like
$100,000 to be paf§ to her on^her, wed
ding, day. And thuc has the eventful
day arrived. . " t
inine virtues— the art of letting other
i>c-ople alone.
Bridge, the blessed game of the King
of England and Defender of the Faith,
has in its crown a diadem of blessed
worth— enforced silence. And therein
lies the safety of our various reputa
tions — which, by the way, are not a,!.-^
ways quoted at par. -'
Then, here's to bridge— and Its si
lence. While Etupid, It wreaks no
wrongs. Then, her-t'a to bridge. Long
may It live— and its royal progenitor^
with it! -^
• • •
Though the physical thermometer has
r^gistered ordinary temperatures dur
ing the past fortnight in the city by
the Golden Gate, the mercury that re
cords the score for jU£jne soars mightily
—for note the betrothals of late-..ilrs.
Josephine de Greayer and the gallant
Captain, Rowan. Miss Mabel Gunn and
'.he handsome Dr. Thayer. Miss. Alma
L. Mitchell and Walter D. Wood. Miss
ICatherine Dillon and Lieutenant
Emory Winship, Miss Ellinwood and
Robert Greer, Miss Louise Bonschu
ind R. Maury Sims, MlSs Mabel Aileer.
Stovall and Ellert A. Brim, besides a
Daker's dozen of nuptials on the tapis.
WTjew! What a time the trades peo
ple are having at the expense of the
relatives of the fair fiancees! And per
mit me to suggest that it's distinctly
oo joke in these degenerate days to
sreDare a maid for her nuptials— lest,
Mrs. Emlle Bruguiere left, for New
York Wednesday night to join Mr.
Bruguiere. They " will . probably pass
the winter in New York and are con
templating a trip abroad ' ; before re-
•Mrs. Irvine and her devoted son.
James TV. Byrne, were at Del Monte
last week, aw a -• handsome' matron
was Mrs. Ir^Ke, who was conspicuous
at the clubhouse in ; an •exquisite gown
and a chahtllly wrap. .
At last the world has discovered who.
the man is that Mary MacLane likes—
and it happens to, be. a Califbrnian and
a San Franciscan, arid one we all know
—hence our joy. It Is no .other than
Geleg Burgess — our own "purple cow
poet," and Mary herself says. so. Again
does San Francisco "shine. But it
might be well to : state that, the gay
Gelett has a rival, ere our, civic pride
rise too high, for Mary also, says she
likes Herbert; Stone, he who publishes
her stuff. A&ell, she ought! But how
about Mr. Burgess? .And. this leap
year^too'," v ? v
The officers' clubhouse,' unfortunate
ly, was not quite completed for the vis
iting officers' entertainment, therefore
many were guests at Del Monte, al
though quarters had been offered most
of them by the cordial officers at the
barracks. .
Prominent amor\g the visiting officers
from . the Presidio— and one who was
intensely Interested . fh the results of
the tournament— was Captain Winn of
General MacArt'hur's staff. .-
The shooting tournament at Ord
Barracks last week drew to the can
tonment a large number of gallant
sons of Uncle Samuel.
of Josiah Howell— lucky chap.
¦ Miss Minnie Nash, who Is visiting
her sister, Mrs. "Gus" Costigan, has
become very popular during ••her. stay
here. Miss Nash is a charming South
ern girl, her family being' one of the
wealthiest and most aristocratic in
Frederlcktown, Md. She is an enthusi
astic automobilist and has a fine ma
chine which she runs herself.
, A pretty trio are Miss Nash, Miss
-Leontine Blackman and Miss Gertrude
Dutton. the latter the stunning fiancee
Their dining out of doors is the. only
method now in vogue— and, singular to
relate, the menus carry only such
viands as properly assimilate with
simple, homely out-of-doors . dining.
Therefore,. let the scoffers be silent, for
Newport is on its way to rejoin the
children of nature, even as has; the
smart set of San Francisco." : : ; :
The open^tir madness has seized upon
the nation — and the heavens be
thanked. We all remember good John
Mulr lamenting that so many of his
fell<jw creatures had the house, habit.
Why, even in Elyslan Newport has the
custom grdjvn to be the proper caper.
former has been taking a course at the
School of .Arts and Crafts In New
York and the latter has been wandering
through Europe with her grandmother,
Mrs. Thomas Selby. While abroad she
learned how to bind books In a manner
to. give a conscientious binder of locar
books a bad wrench. ¦ And thus j are'
maids of leisure learning todo things
—things that count in the world's
work, be it. ever so little. What right
have we to inhabit this busy planet
lest we do some little of the work that
lies at our hand? Besides barring out
the product as an ultimate end,, the
achievement of something done up
builds the character.
TWO CHARMING BRIDES AND A BRIDE-TO-BE.
But, sub rosa, as a class town girls
and army girls are not exactly en rap
port, as the latter sometimes feel that
the former invade their precincts and
as a result bear off in triumph— to the
enlivening tune of "Lohengrin"— the
The v Presidio promises to figure
markedly In social life this winter, and
the army girls are organizing 1 * fir' card
club — not unlike their mammas — where
they . may meet weekly, lure luck at
bridge or 500 or even at pit. Besides,
they? aim to give dances and jolly little
dinners and other little diversions, to
which a few town folk — if they be good
—may be -bidden.
* » ¦ •
Mrs. Thomas Benton Darragh and
little Miss Kate Darragh are at Moun
tain View as the guests of Dr. and Mrs.
Redmond Payne. The Paynes are oc
cupying the summer home on the Sa
bin ranch, where some very merry
hours are spent.
The. Fletcher Ryers have returned
from^auite an extended Eastern trip
and are at Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs." Dennis' Searles will
"make an ideal trip to Lake Tahoe.
They leave to-day and expect to spend
three or four weeks taking In most of
the resorts around the lake. From
Glen Alpine they will go on horseback
to the top of Mount Tallac, rather a
perilous trip, but a delightful outing
for eood travelers.
As to Bruguieres in the East, it is
said that Mrs. Charles Oelrfchs has
taken a violent Interest in Louis Bni
gulere, who is immensely pleased with
the attention bestowed upon him In
consequence. But he's a likely chap,
and must make considerable fun for
the Newport set, which welcomes clever
wit to its set— even to "Dooks" and
"Markees." And by the way, a few
"Dooks" are due this summer, who are
tagged for the exposition, but who will
no< doubt stop off at Newport. Such a
field for fortune-baiting could not be
overlooked by any well bred "Dook."
turning to California.
Mr. Bruguiere has been busy. In
Gotham, going over the score of his
new^ opera, which, by the way, is said
to be rather cle'ver. '">.•:•
Among the notable events of the Lon
don seaton figure conspicuously the
lavish entertainments given by Mr. Van
Duze^n at his large house In Cadogan
Gard'ens. They are equally popular with
both the English and American smart
sets, andv.t is at these parties that one
usually first hears of the latest Anglo-
Americar? engagements. Mr. Van I>u
zen is* of course, one of the most prom
inent Americans in London society and
takes a Reading part in all affairs of
America ;• interest. He is secretary of
the fund for presenting Mr. Choate, the
United States Jirnbassador to Great
Britain, with hls^own portrait painted
b> Herkotner, and he is also secretary
of the American club soon to be started
in London and to which ft is expected
all the well-to-do Americans resident
here will belonir.
The most interesting of the last batch
of umerican engagements in London is
that of Mrs. Padelford to Count Gaston
de Brc-ieuH. Mrs. Padelford is almost
as weiT known In London as In Paris,
where she has made her home for sev
eral years and where her mother, Mrs.
Beach Grant, has a beautiful apart
ment in the Avenue de Bols. Mrs.
Padelford is a strikingly handsome
woman and is a sister of Lady Essex,
who is equally conspicuous for her good
looks. They created a mild sensation
wj»n they first appeared in London a
few years ago. Herkomer painted their
portraits, and from the painting a lim
ited number of etchings were made,
which are to be seen at various fash
ionable houses in London. Mrs. Padel
ford's first marriage was terminated
Ies3 than a year after the wedding by
the tragic death of her husband, who
when, shaving himself one day let the
razor fall on his foot, severing an
artery. His brother, who died about
the same time, also left a charming
American widow well known in English
society, who last year married Ernest
Cunard of steamship fame and settled
in London In a delightful bijou house
In Seymour street. Portman square.
DOINGS OF AMERICANS.
The clubhouse, always atractive, was
alluring with lights and forest green
ery, and merry was the party bidden to
partake of its hospitali(j. Among those
present were Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Eells,
Mr. and Mrs. James Coffin. Mrs. Kittle,
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Schmiedell, Mr. and
Mrs. H. F. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. Albert
A dance was given>m Thursday night
at the Lagunitas Club house in Ross
.Valley by Miss Alice Griffon, -jn honor
of her -Sister, Mrs. L. Taylor Dickson
of Philadelphia, who is here.
Miss Katherine Dillon, the handsome
fiancee of Lieutenant t2mory Winshij),
IJ. S. N., vas hostess at a small t»a
last Saturday, when she entertained a
few of her boon companions at fcgr
Pacific-avenue homer
Miss Dillon is not oniy rich and
handsome, but she is immensely clever.
It is said that her skill in th use of
good English is quite remarkable— an
accomplishment rather rare ir. these de
generate days, when Dooley's diction
ary seems to take 'precedence over
the Century. -.
Miss Celia Tobin, Miss Charlotte Rus
sell. Messrs. Clement Totiin. Richarc\M.
Tobin and Charles Clark enjoyed >k
luncheon in the palm garden of the Pal
ace Hotel Wednesday. Later ' in '?ie
afternoon they took a # splp:ln a sm*vt
auto to the park and beach. .
Mrs. Beverly C. Daly has given her
heart and hand Into the keying of a
gallant soldier— Lieutenant Daly of Oik
Thirteenth Infantry, and by the regl •
ment adopted. In the Thirteenth tt^ee
bonny brides have entered during the
past fortnight. Lucky Thirteenth!
Two of the loveliest brides of mid
summer are Mrs. Stuart Rawlings and
Mrs. Beverly C. Daly, the former pretty
Eleanor Warner, who goes from the
home of her girlhood 1 to journey with
her husband into the. mountains \l
Mexico. Here a cozy home awaits her.
which will be blest wl(hin and without
with the blessed incense of love.
Among the week-end* parties thkt
weht to Del Monte on .Saturday's ex
press were Charles Se'dgwick Altken,
accompanied by Miss Aitken and Mrs.
and Miss Cornell. The Cornells "are
visiting in San Francisco from Con
necticut and intend remaining through
August, passing the next week at the
Aitken farm at Angwins. 'i'j 1 •
Miss Cornell Is a charming youns?
woman, with snappy *yes and •blue
black hair, possessing the natty air
that distinguishes the dainty daughters
of New England fromlthe indolent and
passive maid of the southland. O 1
• '¦*'-. ¦¦¦¦. • ' * J
• So the debonair Democrat who was
nominated for Vice President nas
come out in the public prints that he-is
not about to marry and that further he
is not in love. Now, is that, prosaic
declaration calculated to haJp him In
hir canvass?
• * • *
General and Mrs. Oscar F. Long
have returned* from Washington aed
are at the Palace for a few days. They
will go to the Requa home In Piedmont
shortly and later will* establish a home
of their own. Whether it win b^ on
this side of the bay or not is as yet un
decided.
Captain Fassett. Thirteenth Infan
try, U. S. A.", his sisters and his broth
er entertained the officers and ladles of
the Angel Island station of the regi
ment at a jolly little card party Mon
day evening at Captain Fassett's quar
ters. Among those ' present were
Colonel and Mrs. Markley, Captain and
Mrs. M. E. Alexander,* Captain and
Mrs. Feuger,. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Bowman, Dr. and Mrs.* Kulp, Mrs.
Lindsay, Lieutenant Lyster and &r.
Hoag. ' ..(Ty. '•
• » • >*;¦•"-
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Armstrong Dean
returned a week ago from their de»
lightful three weeks' trip through the
north; and ; Yellowstone Park, * and are
at the Hotel St. Francis. •'•
Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels will remain
through the greater part of August at
Pine Inn at Carmel-by-th&-Sea. Dr.
Shiels rfpent two weeks with his fam
ily, forming part .of a delightful party
at the edge of the sea, . ¦
handsomest chaps In the service.
Burllngame clubhouse was the set
ilngtor a very pleasant tea on Tues
day, when Mrs. Eleanor Martin waa
hostess. The clubhouse was decorated
•with scarlet geraniums and American
Beauty roses; some smart frocks were
seen at the tea, notably the Misses
Harveys'. Among the- guests were Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Martin. Mr. and Mrs.
Downey Harvey, the Misses Anita, and
Genevfeve Harvey, Miss Jennie Crock
er, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Carolaa, Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene Murphy, Mr.^ and
Mrs. " Beylard. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Scott arid a number of others.
Dlbblee, Mr. and Mrs. Seward MoNeax.
Mr. and Mrs. George M. Pinckaxd, Mr.
and Mrs. Arthur Page, Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Lilley, Dr. and Mrs. Harry Sher
man. Mr. and Mrs. Evan Evans, Mr.
and Mrs. Sidney Cushins. Mr. apd Mrs.
J. Shepard Eells, Mr. and Mrs. "Wyatt
Allen, Mr. and Mrs. Glrvln. Mr. and
Mrs. W. B. Bourn. Mr. and Mrs. "Wil
liam Babcock, Mias Coppee. Miss Dib
blee, Miss Gertrude Eells, Miss Doro
thy Eells. Miss Isabel Kittle. Mls3
Alice Hoffman, Miss Harrlette Allen,
Miss Frances Allen, Southard Hoffman,
Wharton Thurston, Coppea Thurston,
Eyre Pinckard. William Berry. Thomas
Berry, T. Brin Berry, Wllberforce WU
llaras, Lucius Allen and Robert M.
Eyre.
The wedding of Miss _ Anita. Christal
At last the auto meet at Del Monte
has been set for August 18. and already
preparations are afoot for the largest
gathering of machines and auto en
thusiasts ever held on the coast.
The roads about Monterey are in such
shape that a spin over them is a joy
forever, the whole length of the seven
teen-mile drive being oiled and conse
quently jn excellent shape.* This, by the
way, is no inconsiderable part of El
Camed Real.
Whatever of social life the resorts are
offering, Del Monte seems to be lead
ing. Some very interesting peopleaxe
there now, among whom are Mrs. AT N.
Tou'ne, who -wears the most exquisite
gowns one could conjure up. Wtth her
is her daughter, Mrs. Clinton A. Wor
den, who, too, understands the art of
wearing clothes.
Spoaking'of clothes, Ned Greenway,
commentator on clothes and , other
things and immortal social Caesar, led
a very. jubilant parly of • bon; vivants,
including young Joe Tobin.
By the wrfy, speaking of young To
bin, he puts up a very good -game of
bowling. Last Saturday night he regis
t^re'd a very creditable score. And —
what think you— he. was abroad In the
morning in ample time for church,
which he attended with most commend
able zeal, accompanied by his frie*nds.
Yesterday Miss Elizabeth CaSneron
Hooper, known to the tennis players
of California as Miss Bee Hooper, be
came the bride of Jqhn Osgood Blanch
. The service was performed at St.
Mark's Church in Berkeley, after which
a small reception was held at her'home.
What -" singular psychological phe
nomwa induced so many prospective
bridfcs to "name die day" on August
3?. Why, it has become a djsease — a
progressive complafnt. On that date
Miss Mary O'Sullivan, sister of the
lyrjc _ Dennis, will become' the. bride of
Oscar Sutro, at the home of "Arch
bishop Rlordan. - v ,-^
So, too, on that date Will Miss Grace
Martin, daughter ~ot »Mrs. Y^Camillo
Martin and granddaughter of Mrs.
George Hyde, be wedded to William
Horn under the maternal rooftree.
Then there's the* wedding of Miss
Elizabeth Rowe Fish pn the* same
eventful third to Alexander James
Campbell, son of Mr. and Mrs. 1 Henry
C. Campbell, to be celebrated ..at Man
cheater-by-the-Sea, Ma^^ C
• *~; - •
indeeA you stand well with., your
banker, - cs
"Give us this day our dally bridge!"
. ?.uch is the pra:>r -»f, the Smart Set.
And ¦why not? Is bridge not Ihe cbssen
-ahie of Edward VII. Defender* of the
F;:Ith? Then, here a to bridge—fa
raoua*y more fascinating than rituals.
£>ut— how about its efficacy, in the .Far
Ueyond? Ah. there's the rub!
Perhap • -now mark the doubt that
lingers in the word — perlsps, if the
game be x played on honrst lines, it
•night conduce to peace — peace earthy,
and peace beyond the bourne, fqr the
Father hath not forbidden simple
, pleasures.
a She who has vrooed the God of Luck
at bridge knows well that and
¦ jncentratj«n ore the essentials of suc
cess. Now here, srood friends, is the
beatitude of bridge. Its power and
strength lie In Its emphatic enforce
ment of silence and concentration. And
concentration of force, be It mental,
physical, or even military, or political,
makes for success. And ladies, you
know how ¦ purposelessly we talk.
Therefore, let nc. the economist rail '
at t^e waste of G-^d-gi',«en time — np
I time Is wasted, that makes for the up-,
building: of Wain tissue — nor even In
' ; the. pursuit of simple pleasures. But —
there is lurking in the fascinations of
the royal game, 8" in all the alluring
things of life, a danger. That danger
is the subversion of honor — and ta our"
sorrow be it said! And a voice cries
out, "Did woman ever cheat at cards?"
Alas: and alack: Woman, even as
man, has fallen ' efore th« god of
| Mammon, and the soul has been seared
in the fire. And even beyond the igno
miny of chewing there comes the spec- .
ter of debt — and women within hearing
of 5?ur printed "oice know well ttie ¦
truth of the accusation. To-day wo
men of good social standing in San
Francisco are in deb to such sums, as
would plunge their oomniaisant hus
bands into „ financial perdition, had
the fair creditors sand enough to press
their claims. As to this inclusion, no
proofs are necessary, as each unto .her '
own soul must own the t.'ith— and
unto that soul there is •< > shamming,
nor lying, whatever there may be of
iinltfgagon.
But aside from th^ phase of gaming
at bridge, there is xae social side — and
as to its benefit *here is no o»iestion.
An afternoon is-ppent in pleasant com
pany and many excellent qualities are
developed — self-control, consideration
for others (developed from playing
with a dull or an inattentive partner),
concentration^ rrfel^al forces, and last
and best of all in the category of fem-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -JUT.Y 31, 1901.
THE BRIDGE MICROBE ATTACKS THE SMART SET.
20FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY. 31, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
more disastrous to Japan, perhaps, than a defeat on land or sea was the announcement made yesterday that the Harriman
steamship lines on this coast would receive no more freight that could be classed as contraband for the Far East. Thousands of
tons of foodstuffs and war material are tied up in Pacific Coast ports as a result of this decision.
STEAMSHIP LINES REFUSE TO CARRY
SUPPLIES TO FAR EAST WAR PORTS
BREAKS RELATIONS
WITH THE VATICAN
Financier s Automobile Barely
Escapes Serious Collision.
PIERPONT MORGAN
HAS A CLOSE CALL
PAPAL SECRETARY OF STATE AND
THE HEAD OF THE FRENCH GOV
ERNMENTS FOREIGN OKFICE.
Text of Note
Causing- the
Break.
EOULDEP.. Colo., July. 30. — Hon.
Richard Morgan, a member of the last
Legislature, was compelled to shoot a
Mexican to-d*ay to save his life. Mor
gan, who is also a deputy sheriff, tried
to arrest the Mexican, who had threat
ened to kill two men. The Mexican
opened fire on Morgan, one of the
shots killing the horse the hitter was
riding". Morgan then opened fire on
the Mexican, hitting him twice and
killing him. The Mexican is unknown
In this neighborhood and has^iot been
identified. ,
Officer Returns the Fire of Man Ho
Attempted to Arrest and
Kills Him.
MEXICAN ATTACKS DEPUTY
AND IS SHOT TO DEATH
SANTA ROSA, July 30.— William
Held, a business man of Uklah, who
was lost while prospecting' at Red
Mountain and wandered for three
nights and two days, died suddenly
Friday night. His skull had been
fractured, presumably by a fall, while
wandering in the mountains in the
dark. Death followed the removal of
a sharp piece of rock which had pen
etrated under his right «ye.and en
tered the brain.
When Held, was restored to his
friends about a week ago the wound
beneath the eye was noticed, but it
seemed Insignificant and no attention
was paid to it. The physicans did
not appreciate Its seriousness -• until
Held appeared to be. losing his mind.
Then an examination of the wound
showed its dangerous nature.
William Held, a Uldah Business Man,
Dieg From Fracture of Skull
Caused by a Fall.
RECEIVES FATAL INJURY
WHILE LOST IN 3IOUNTAINS
NEW YORK, July 30.— J. Plerpont
Morgan had a very narrow escape from
death this afternoon while riding up
Broadway -with a friend in his large
coach automobile. Morgan's machine
was going at a good pace behind a Co
lumbus avenue car,. when the car was
suddenly run Into head on by another
large touring automobile. The car
stopped quickly, and it was only by
dexterous manipulating that the auto
mobile of Morgan was turned. ' •
The accident occurred Just before 3
o'clock. The Columbus avenue car,
going north, was passing Fourth street.
At the curb on an angle was a large
touring car. The chauffeur of this car
suddenly turned the lever, and the car
backed with great swiftness into the
trolley. The shock Jolted the car,
which lurched, but kept on the tracks.
The right-^nd rail was smashed into
kindling wood. On the rear of the
auto was a large basket containing a
repairing kit. This was crushed, and
the automobile was bent and scraped,
although not so badly damaged that
the Journey could not be continued.
Riding on the rear seat of the car
was J. Ordones, 21 years old, of 132
West , Sixteenth street. He was swing T
ing his left foot over the edge of the
car. The automobile" struck his foot,
tore his trousers leg to shreds and bad
ly bruised his leg and shoulder.
• Morgan at the time was leaning for-
ward, smoking and chatting with his
friend. The sudden Jolt caused his
Panama hat to fall to the back of his
head. He called his chauffeur to stop,
and the machine was brought to a
standstill with a Jolt, only a few inches
separating it from the trolley car.
Dispatch to The Call.
J PIERPONT MORGAN, THE WORLD-FAMOUS FINANCIER. WIIO HAS HAI> A
NARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH WHILE RIDING IN AN AUTOMOBILE
ON A CROWDED NEW TORK STREET, .. !"-'
Notice was served yesterday after
noon upon local representatives of the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe rail
roads and upon local shlppe.- to the
effect that the steamships controlled by
the Harriman Interests would receive
no freight for any port In Japan, Man
churia, Korea or Slberlc, or for New
chwang. This refusal applies to the
steamship China, now receiving freight
at the Pacific Mall wharf and sched
uled to sail on August 6 for the Far
East.
TONS OF FREIGHT PILING UP.
This decision probably will save
steamships leaving from now on from
any serious Interference at the hands
of the hostile navies, but it leaves rail
roads and shippers with a pretty prob
lem on their hands. There are many
tons of freight for Japan here now and
on the way across the continent. De
livery of j much of this has been guar
anteed and upon delivery of some of
it Japan is placing implicit depend
ence.
One four-hundred-ton lot of Japan
destined freight Includes the material
for two submarine boats, as well as
chemicals to be used in the manufac
ture of high explosives.
The presence in port of the Jap
anese liner America Maru is regarded
as providential, but her ability to re
lieve the. situation is limited by her
carrying capacity, and she already has
1400 tons of freight in her hold. She
was scheduled to sail to-morrow, but
will be held until she has taken all
the freight for Japan she can carry.
NATURE OF THE MARU'S CARGO.
The Maru's cargo, as far as now.
loaded, consists of half-crushed salt,
for use in the manufacture of ex
plosives, and soda ash, to\_be used in
tanning the green hides shipped on
the Gaelic. Korea and Mongolia.
When tanned in Jaoan this leather
will be made into shoes and saddles
for the Japanese soldiers.
The Korea's narrow escaDe sent a
nervous chill throughout the Harri
man system, and - the heads of that
organization will rest easier,when the
Gaelic and Mongolia get rid of -all
Action taken yesterday by the Har
riman steamship lines Is fraught with
serious Import for Japan and may have
material influence on the island king
dom's ability to cope with her power
ful enemy in the Far East. To avoid
e-en the appearance of filibustering
and to keep the corporate skirts clear
of the contamination of anything that
by either Japan or Russia could be
classed as contraband, freight destined
to any port controlled by either of the
warring powers will not be carried
hereafter by the steamships of the Pa
cific Mail, Occidental and Oriental or
the Portland and Asiatic lines.
Coast Ports.
Thousands ol Tons of War
Supplies Held in Pacilic
RENO. Nev., July 30.— As a result of
a cloudburst this afternoon the towns
of Douglass and Silver Star, near Soda
ville, Nev., are reported to have been
swept a"way. The news wa3 telephoned
to Agent Richards at Sodaville and was
to the effect that a cloudburst torrent
Was sweeping: away houses and that
great property damage had been
wrought. The schoolhouse and four
dwellings are known to have been
swept away.';'- * -
Ten minutes after the first news was
received at Sodaville the wire was in
terrupted, and it could not be learned
how many lives, if any, were lost.
There is great excitement at Sodaville,
as the people have been warned to
watch for bodies. The volume of water
is increasing at that.place.
Near New .Boston, six miles iiorth of
Sodaville, the Carson and Colorado
Railroad is covered with water to tho
depth of six inches for a °d!stanca of
half a mile, and at Rhodes, three miles
south of here, the same condition pre
vails.
KINGMAN, Ariz.. July 20.— Heavy
rains in the mountains east of Truxton
last night sent down a,- wall of water
thirty feet high throcgh the canyon,
washing out the Santa Fe railroad
track, embankments, bridges, telegraph
poles and everything movable for a dis
tance of twelve miles.
Hundreds of men have been hurried
to the washout by the Santa Fe, but
it will be some time before the water
subsides sufficiently to allow the work
men to reconstruct the roadbed and
bridges.
* Three miles of the Arizona and Utah
track was washed out to-day, and it
will take several days to make re
pairs.
A report reaches Klngman of a
cloudburst at Cedar, a mining camp
eighty miles south of here, which
caused great damage.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July SO.— More rain
has fallen here in the last ten days
than during any July since 1S36. A
severe electrical storm last night did
slight damage to three or four resi
dences. Miss Mary Baker and Mrs.
j. W. Blankenshlp were severely
shocked by lightning. A report from
Globe says that two men were drowned
In Pinal Creek, which runs thruogh
the center of that town.
Special Dtspatsh to Ths Call.
ToMo Government
* Faces a Food---
Problem,
Woid Is Received at Sodaville Asking
i That a Watch Be Kept for Bodies
Swept Off by Flood.
Lines Go. Down After First
News of Disaster Is
telephoned.
Liners to Handle
No More Con
traband.
Douglass and Silver
Star in -Nevada
Destroyed.
JAPAN'S
FREIGHT
TIED UP
CLOUDBURST
BLOTS OUT
TWO TOWNS
Continued on Page 22, Column 5. r
RENO, July 30.— Lew Oates, an ex
press messenger, whose parents reside
at Oroville, was struck by the flyer
and killed in the yards. here to-night.
Express Messenger Is Killed.
HONDURAS IS OX VERGE
OF ANOTHER REVOLUTION
MOBILE, Ala.. July 30.— Officers and
passengers of the fruit steamer Helen,
from Puerto Cortez, say Spanish Hon
duras is on the verge of another revo
lution. President Bonilla is maintain
ing martial law.
Payne Appoints Postmasters.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— After a
conference with the President to-day
Postmaster General Payne announced
the appointment of the following post
masters: Oregon — La Grand, J. M.
Kichey; California— Soldiers' , Home,
George A. Dill.
PARIS. July 30. — Foreign Minister
Delcasse this afternoon addressed a
note to the papal nuncio to the effect
that, in consequence of the rupture of
the relations between France and the
Vatican, his mission In Paris no longer
had any object.
The papal nuncio, who was visiting
the Countess de Villeneuve/ near Ver
sailles, was unofficially informed of
the situation last night and returned
to Paris immediately. He sent long
cipher messages to Some this morn
ing.
The rupture between France and the
Vatican is complete. The Holy See's
lengthy reply to the French note,
though courteously worded, merely
amounts to a polite statement that the
Pope does not intend to infringe the
stipulations of the concordat and* will
eiot withdraw the letters calling, the
Bishops of Dijon and Laval to Rome.
Diplomatic courtesy forbids the pub
lication of the French answer until
the Pope is notified, but Foreign Min
ister Delcasse last v night sent to De
Courcel. the French Charge d' Affaires
at the Vatican, two notes; one for the
Papal Secretary of State, announcing
the rupture, and the second a per
sonal note to the charge and the
others of the staff of the embassy, to
.return to Paris immediately after his
mission is accomplished. When De
Courcel's advices reach Foreign Min
ister Delcasse, the latter will imme
diately request the papal nuncio here
to leave France.
It is not expected that the rupture
will have any immediate consequences
beyond the mutual withdrawal of the
representatives of France and the*
Vatican and the suppression of the
embassy and nunciature, as . the de
nunciation of the concordat requires
.preliminary 1 sanction. Consequently
fresh developments are improbable un
til the appointment of the new Bishops^
come up. »Well informed persona do
not believe that the Vatican will re
taliate by withdrawing France's pro
tectorate over the Eastern Catholics.
The Rome correspondent of the
Temps telegraphs that the French
Government's" dispatch did not arrive
at the Vatican embassy until after the
officials left last night and was not
delivered until this morning. De
Ccurcel conferred with the "Papal Sec
retary of State, Cardinal Merry del
Val, at 10 o'clock this morning and
it was believed he would leave Rome
to-night. 3vA
The rupture of relations between
France and the Vatican does not cause
surprise. It had been generally fore
seen that Premier Combes was deter
mined to bring it about despite the op
position which doubtless he met from
certain members of the Cabinet The
impression prevails that the Govern
ment will be satisfied with what it has
done and that it will not seek to re
peal the concordat when Parliament
reassembles.
Tho fact that the Vatican's reply to
the French note was drawn up in Ital
ian causes some Irritation.
ROME, July 30.— The note severing
the relations between France and the
Vatican was couched In the following
terms:
"After having on several occasions
pointed out the several blows struck
.at the Government right under the con
cordat by the Vatican's dealing direct
ly with the French Bishops, without
consultation with the power w.ith
which the concordat was signed, and
seeing that the pontifical secretary of
state, in his reply of July 25, affirmed
these proceedings, the French Govern
ment has decided to conclude official
relations with the Holy See, whose de
sire had become objectless."
Papal Secretary of State Merry del
Val says that an order to leave Paris
will be telegraphed to Mgr. Lorenzelli."
The nuncio left Paris to-night for
Rome.
France Precip
itates the
Rupture.
Britain and America. @
Sixty years ago Germany "was a col
lection of hybrid states, says this evi
dently inspired writer, among which
Prussia held r.o particular prominence.
The dead palsy of public opinion
•weighed like a blight upon the land.
At last a man of action appeared^?) No
man, no King over did more for his
people. When he quitted the helm of
state Germany was united.
But even Bismarck had his limita
tions. He stopped at the sea. The
young Kohenzollern Emperor, who
took over the direction of state, 6aw
further and led Germany over the seas.
If Bismarck placed Germany in the
saddle, the professors — men of light
and learning — have taught Germany
to ewlm. Pan-Germans would teach
her to conquer, to expand, to unify alL
Certain reaction has eeCin, says the
¦writer. The United States has arisen
richer, more powerful, quite as vital,
threatening to bar Germany's way.
Great Britain, flushed -with victory over
the Doers, has shown dangerous symp
toms cf resentment against the Anglo
phobia which Germany manifested
during that war.
If the United Etates had lost the
Spanish-American war its defeat would
have been the signal for en open de
fiance of the Monroe doctrine. In ac
cordance with Pan-Germanic views.
But the Anglo-Saxon people came out
triumphant and Pan-Germany was
temporarily silenced.
The Pan-Germans, however, have not
been inactive, continues the author. If
Bomewhat dlscomflted at the turn of
events, they are not in the least dis
heartened. They are more powerful
now than they have ever been. They
are biding their time. The pan-Ger
man project is openly proclaimed r. by
German societies and is sanctioned
by Emperor William.
It is hinted in some quarters that the
volume is fioro the pen of the Em*
•pcror himself.
NEW TORK. July SO.— That the Ger
man nation is looking forward to a
general movement In all places in
habited, settled or colonized by Ge^inan
people, wh5ch shall revivify, reclaim
and reunite the Teutonic spirit Into an
immense force is the theme of
an anonymous book entitled "The Pan-
Germanic Doctrine," which has created
a sensation in Europe. The author
holdE that the new project is neces
sarily inimical to the interests of Great
tspecli! Cable to Tise Call and New Tork
Heri'.d. Copyright. lOOi, by tte New York
Utraii PubUthiE* Company.
Bcok Entitled "The .Pan-Germanic
Doctrine," Evidently Inspired,
Causes Stir in Europe.
Would Make tlie Teutonic
Race an Immense
World Force? • •
Anonymous Volume
Reveals Hopes
01 JialSuIL
WILHELM'S
DREAM OF
CONOUEST
HAlLHhiNU, hriday, July 29.— The attack on the right flank of the /Russian southern army developed at 7 o'clock this morning. The battle was opened with a heavy
artillery fire, under cover of- which the Japanese infantry advanced along the railway until Tl o'clock, when their forward movement was checked. The fighting was continued,
according to the last accounts, 'but the result is not known. , /<i' 0 \- '
MAIN ARMIES OF RUSSIA AND JAPAN BEGIN DECISIVE BATTLE
Sea Praacisco «naTtetsay—.
rair Ssadar, wltt f og tm. tbm
cJiaaetagr to tats* wwrterty.
jae*MC?— *Ttnpcxt •* Vtentam."
M*Une« to«d*y.
Calilorala — Th* XsSUo ' 3Xy»
t«ry." lb}tta«« to-day.
Central — Tlia Gates at Justice."
UatiuM to-day. .
Cliutc*— TaadUnrlXtek TraWii— to
day. . • %
Plicies** — "A.*s Xafiky *• Btonm."
BC»t±a«e to-day. • >
Grand— "fiHeaaiuloalv." . Katfc
hh to-day. "V ~^^
OrplieiLm — VKuXevtn*. 2Eitbi*e
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 8LForeign Consuls Are Demanding an
¦^T- Explanation. •
• NEW.CHWANG, July 30. — The" for
eign Consuls here are asking the Jap»
aijese Consul for an explanation of an
order issued by Field Marsha! Marquis
Oyama that all neutral ships are to
rt^natn away from Newchwang. Ship
p'mg interests are annoyed at this
order and are citing tfie fact that the
JlussiaBB did not stop free # trafflc with
this port.
JAPAN CLOSES NEWCflWANG.
Count Ig-natden* Becomes Russia's Min-a
istcr of thc Interior, •
o LCJNDON\ July 30. — A specfal from
St. Petersburg to the Agencie Russe
says that Count Ignatleff will succeed
the late Von Plehwe as Minister of the*
Interior. .\,r,-js "
Nicholas Paulovitch Ignatleff was
born fh St. Petersburg in 1832 and en
tered the Guard when 17 years old.
T^ter. he was appointed military*
attache to the Russian embassy In
London and in 1858 was sent on a
special mission to Khiva and Bok
hara. In I860 he was appointed Rus<j
.sian Ambassador in Peking and four
years later was made Embassador to
Turkey.\ He was Appointed Minister
of the Interior under Alexander III,
but was dismissed in 18&2, though still
remaining a member of the Council
of the Empire. He has since been
conspicuous as a leader of th# Pan-
Slavic party in Russia. •
A mile and a half east of Kuanchia
Pass a correspondent accidentally
crowed the zone of the Japanese fire
and was fully twenty minutes crossing
the bed of the Shi River, under fire,
evidently from the Yuhuangkao temple,
on the east side of the river and in
p*$tn view of the Russian pickets. The
Japanese line extends thencp- south
ward and is apparently of great
strength, with trenches and breast
work?. It approaches within a mile of
Pien Pass and continues along the Shi
River to SIpen Pass and thence to
Hoij-an, facing the Tienshultsan and
Oangtsu pass positions.
KUCHIATZU. Manchuria (about 30
miles southeast cf Liaoyang), Thurs
day. July 28.— As a great battle ap-
I>ears imminent a survey of the posi
tions of the two armies will be inter
esting. The main^odies of the Rus
sians and Japanese gre very near each
other. They now fWm. in the north,
a more powerful array than at any
previous time. Virtually, however « the
same conditions prevail north of Hal
cheng as previously reported. The
Russians are holding TienshuJ»an,
Chiutsaiyan. Pien and Kuanchia
passes. The latter is three m4*>.s east of
here. In view of the fact that serious
fighting is expected in the near future,
the Chinese have begun to disappear
from between the lines and to brick
up their houses, though heretofore
they have not vacated their pror.Tty
except in the immediate firing zone be
tween the pickets.
Where the Great Armies Are Now En
ga^fd In Decisive Combat.
FAR EAST'S BATTLEGROUND.
sides worked like madmen. The air
was split and torn by the deafening,
crashing reports of the guns; the dull
booming of the distant shots furnished
a background of deep bass for the vi
cious hissing of the hurrying messen
gers of death; exploding shrapnel shells
formed clouds of smoke overhead, into
which were thrown fountains of dust
and sand When the shells burst on the
ground upon impact, showering bullets
and splinters around.
The Japanese fire was at first concen
trated upon the eastward hill, held by a
small force of Russians, and by 11
o'clock this part of the position was lit
erally aflame— enough to try the cour
age of the bravest soldier. When this
had lasted four or five hours one after
another of the Russian positions be
came untenable. , .
In the meantime the gunners serving
the Russian batteries beyond 'the hills
redoubled their energies," and the Japa
nese were, evidently nonplused by the
fierceness of the fire from the unlo
catable batterjes. They even directed
their attention to the Russian right,
showering projectiles on a small hill
which was quite unoccupied. Then the
Japanese shifted their fire to the Rus
sian center, but not a single man was
withdrawn therefrom.
GUNNERS CHANGE POSITION.
The fire from the Japanese dimin
ished about 2 o'clock and ceased alto
gether a half-hou/ later, whereas the
Russian batteries continued; to fire.
When the Japanese gunners 'reopened
the artillery duel later they had
changed their position to the westward,
whence they obtained an Uninterrupted
range of the plain behind the Russian
position, jj and their projectiles began
falling dangerously near the Russian
batteries. The Chinese villages in the
vicinity suffered terribly. The whole
plain was plowed and pitted by the ex
plosion of the shells.
With the approach of evening the
Russians had a little relief from the
heat, but none from the Japanese, the
only difference : belng that the flashes
of the Japanese guns were distinguish
able on the slopes of the hills facing
the Russians, revealing their exact po
sition by the red sparks of each can
non's mouth against "the somber shad
ow, followed by the bursting of shells
over the Russians.
The wild beauty of the scene had
now reached its zenith, the bombard
ment slowly diminishing in Intensity,
and a half hour later profound si
lence reigned, broken only now and
then by the rattle of infantry volleys
from the distant portions of the field,
where the battle was still dragging
on.
Upon reaching Sinmintin the same
evening the correspondent found that
i,lhe place had already been abandoned,
by the Russian troops, though he was
for a,r time under the Impression that
they had merely gone out to take up
positions at the, front. In fact, he was
convinced that" the' fight must have
been a Russian victory, since over the
great extent of field which had come
under his observation for thirteen
hours the Japanese at no point
seemed able to . advance. Therefore,
great was his surprise on Monday
morning when he %woke to find the
Russian army retreating.
RETREAT IN GOOD ORDER.
J'umplng into the saddle, the cor
respondent rode ojut of the village and
encountered a large force of Russian
cavalry covering an infantry regiment,
which was moving toward Tatchekiao.
On reaching that town the corre
spondent found everything prepared
for its evacuation. The last train left
Tatchekiao at about 11 o'clock, at
which time the Japanese were already
bombarding the place. Notwithstand
ing the fire, and even the rapid ap
proach of the Japanese, the Russian
retreat was carried out in perfect or
der, although the men and animals
suffered terribly from the stifling heat
The Russian stores of flour and
other- provisions at Tatchekiao were
burned and as the correspondent rode
northward immense columns of black
were rising along the horizon
behind him and until he approached
Haicheng at 8 o'clock last night he
could hear the distant rumbling ojf the
Japanese guns.
SLAV GUNS WELL CONCEALED.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 30.— A spe-.
cial dispatch from Llaoyang, # giving a.
graphic picture of the fight -at Tatche-'
kiao, explains that, the Russian immu-.
nity from damage by the furious Japa-.
nese bombardment was due to the fact
that the Russian guns were mostly be-,
hind a range of steeu hills and were
poncealed cleverly by high grass and
trees, and. that the Chinese therefore
were unable to heliograph the position
of the guns, as they formerly had done,
to the Japanese artillerymen.
The Japanese had many large caliber
guns and, jjsed chiefly shrapnel. They
used also high explosive shells. The
fight was almost wholly an artillery*
duel and was a magnificent spectacle.
The crest of the hills held by the Rus
sians was converted into the semblance
of a volcano, and earth was thrown up
In clouds by the continuous rain of
bursting shells, until sand and dust
hung overhead and fire among the trees
and grass, started by the shells, added
a stifling smoke and heat to the awful
glare of the sun. The shrapnel, like
great," white-winged birds, sailed over
head. The moan and drone of their
coming could be plainly heard, and the
Russians threw '¦ themselves .behind
rocks and other shelter as tlfe missiles
burst.. >
The Japanese shifted, the position of i
their guns, both to escape the Russian
fire and to try to locate the masked
.batteries of their opponents. Late^in
.the afternoon they got into a position
that enabled them to sweep the plain
behind the hills occupied by the Rus
sians, :^nd came dangerously near lo
cating, though they did not quite find,
the Russian batteries. * ' •
Every one except the commanders
was surprised and disgusted at the order
to retreat., # The Russians burned every
thing valuable ' # at ¦ Tatchekiao before
leaving ; #
After a young "man's mustache be
comes heavier than his eyebrows his
knowledge of the world begins to de
crease. ¦ BgMm
RUSSIAN TROOPS POURING IN.
Arriving at the Rate 61 Twenty-Two
Thousand a Week at Harbin. •
NEWCHWANG, July 30. — An
American merchant has arrived hero
from Harbin, which place he left one
week ago. He says that Russian
troops are arriving at the rate of 22,
000 a week. Six mills at Harbin are
grinding flour and are well supplied
with wheat. The Chinese are bringing
In much grain and are assisting the
Russians in every way. They are well
paid by the Russians. One Chinese
contractor has been given an order to
supply . 10,000 tons of grain.
There are many Russian wounded
at Harbin. They get the best of care
and are supplied with delicacies. The
Japanese prisoners who were sent to
Tomsk praise the Russians for their
excellent treatment. The railroad is
working very well.
At Liaoyang the Russians have
mounted many heavy guns and have
constructed deep and wide trenches,
protected with barbed wire.
RETURNING TO VLADIVOSTOK.
Raid of thc Russinn Squadron Has
• Cost Millions to Shipping.
TOKIO. July 30. — The Vladivostok
squadron passed Tsugari Island on the
way to Vladivostok at 1 o'clock this
afternoon.
It is expected that shipping will be
resumed on the eastern coast. The
Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Korea will be held at Yokohama and
the steamship Siberia at Kobe until
their safety ia assured. The German
mail steamship is using Kobe as a
terminal for the trans-shipment of
passengers and cargo.
The raid of the Vladivostok squad
ron has been an extremely disastrous
one. It is estimated that 200,000 tons
oi chartered shipping has been held
ten days at a loss of $7,500,000.
THANKS AMERICAN CONSUL.
General Oku Praises the Energy of
3IHlcr at Newchwans.
| NEWCHWANG, July 30.— The Jap
anese have just removed two large
electric mines from the mouth of the
Liao River and they are searching for
sixteen other such mines known to be
here.
The peoDle who left Newchwang
before the Japanese came in are now
returning and confidence has been r
stored. The Japanese Specie Bank will
open next week.
General Oku has written a special
latter from Tatchekiao, thanking
United States Consul General Miller
for having maintained order and pro-
GOULDS ARE DEFEATED
IN FIGHT OVER 'RECEIVKR
Court Grants. rcUtlon of Plaintiffs In
Action Against Virginia Power
RICHMOND, Va., Julfr 30.-r-Judge
Mullln filed his petition at Petersburg
to-day in the case of George T. Fisher
and -others against the Virginia Pas
senger and Power Company, ef al. It
grants Fisher's plea for the appoint
ment of a receiver", taking the ground
that the company is utterly Insolvent
and that an accounting J is necessary
to protect the rights of all concerned.!
This is adverse to the Gould Inter
ests, at .whose, instance, a few days
ago. Judge Wardell appointed receiv
ers, for the whole system -of which the
power and passenger corppany is only
a part.
The petitioners- based their petition,
on the ground that it was necessary^
to prevent the wrecking of the* system
by the harassing suit of Fisher. Coun
sel for the Goulds In tne Petersburg
case will appeal.
FAIR PROMOTERS READY
TO PAY THE GOVERNMENT
When Due.
Announce' That Fourth Installment of
$500,00*0 Will Be Turned Over
ST. LOUIS, July. 30. — The second
$600,000 installment to liquidate the
$4,600,000 Government loan will be
paid 'promptly on August 1. according
to Secretary Walter B. Stevens of the
V/orld's Fair. This will constitute the
fourth payment, making the entire
amount paid x to the Government
$1,408,149, or nearly one-third of the
entire loan.
Relative to the million-dollar loan
from local bankers. Secretary Stevens
said that this loan was not negotiated,
but that the fair officials simply se
cured an option on it in case a con
tingency should come up. ; He said
that after this installment there would
be a surplus in the treasury of over
jioo.ooo. <¦:¦ - ; >;. :
SITUATION IN VENEZUELA
BEING CLOSELY WATCHED
State Department's Interest Arouse*}
by Seizure of the Property* of
r American Concern. *
WASHINGTON, July 30.— The sit-
uation in Venezuela growing out of
the arbitrary seizure of the property
of the New York and Bermudez
Ashpalt Company is being watched
Closely by the State Department and
this Government's action, tv!11 depend
entirely upon the nature of the report
to be made by Minister Bowerf.
The Gaelic, which arrived at Mid
way on July 26 and remained there
under orders from this city, was or
dered yesterday to proceed to Yoko
hama, the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company believing that all
present danger of capture has passed.
cargo with a contraband taint. And
both vessels have enough' of it on
board to make them objects of keen
interest to the ships of the Czar.
tected public property there.
The Russian officers who were cap
tured at Tatchekiao . are receiving
especial consideration from the Jap
anese. :>"
It is reported here that the Russlar
gunboat Sivoutch has been destroyed
at a point thirty miles up the Liac
River.
Major K. Tokura has .been ap
pointed military administrator o:
Newchwang. Martial law regula
tions are beinsr framed.
Continuous and heavy firing Is heirc
from the direction of Haicheng.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 30.— The re
ports of the storming of Port Arthur
were received here with smiles of In
credulity. The War Office contradicted
the rumored fall of the fortress.
TOKIO, July 30.— The general - staff
announced this evening that five Jap
's* a nese officers had been killed and for
ty-one wounded- in the fighting which
has been going on around Port Arthur
since last Tuesday. The losses in men
are rot given. <-^-'
This is the first official announce
ment of its kind since the beginning of
the siege of the fortress, and it indi
cates that there has been serious fight
ing.
CHEFU, July 30.— A junk which left
Port At'hur on Thursday at midnight
reports terrific fighting on land and
sea, which had then been going on for
three <i,--5-s. The highest Japanese
authority here says that the army and
naval commanders of the besiegiqg
forces had planned to begin their final
assault on Tuesday last and expected
to effect the capture by July 29, but '
that no official reports were cx»j<?cted
from the army or from Admiral Togo
until the present attack resulted . in
success or failure. JapaneA- corre
spondents here are now sending junks
to the Mlaotao Islands, ready to enter
tue harbor at Port Arthur immediately
after the fall of the fortress. •
The movements of the Russ.&n Vlad-.
lvistok squadron hastened the attack
upon Port Arthur, the Japanese au
thorities realizing that if these vessels
were allowed to proceed unhampered
any longer it meant the division of Ad
miral Togo's fleet, with. the outcoming
of the Russian ships now cooped up by
him at Port Arthur.
Intense interest in the. Port Arthur
situation is taken nat only here, but;ln
Shanghai and Tieiitsin. Many com
mercial concerns in these places are
continually wiring here for news. In
this city wagers are being made that
Port Arthur will notGTall within the
next ten months, German Residents «jf
fering and Englishmen accepting the
btts.
It was essentially an artillery battle,
but it - as remarkable, and even un
canny, that during the thirteen hours
it lasted the Russians could no| make
out a single Japanese soldier, even with
the" most powerful glasses. From the
position occupied by General Zarqu
baieff's troops not a single rifle shot
was fired, but the gunners on both
NO JAPANESE IX, SIGHT.
• The real battle opened the 'next
morning. . The first gurf was fired at
'7 o'clock and thenceforth the roar of
artillery did not cease for an instant
until 8:30 o'clock in the evening. At
times the firing acquired extraordin
ary violence.'. ®
The site of the battle was about
three miles south of Tatchekiao and
two miles 'east of the railroad. The
sea was plainly discernible from the
heights overlooking the battle. But
nothing occurred in that direction. The
Russian positions fronted south, with
a slight inclination eastward. About
two artillery corps were engaged.
The correspondent was able to follow
only the experiences of General Zarou
baieff *s corps, and so confines himself
to recording the incidents of that por
tion of the Russian troops. Zarou
baieff's®corps occupied a position on
two hills, of which the larger was
crowned by three summits. The com
mander and his staff stationed them
selves on the highest point, the center
one, whence they had an uninterrupted
view of the surrounding country. The
gefleral had placed batteries on the
plain beyond these hills, the guns being
cleverly masked by lofty Chinese corn.
The Japanese tried vafnly the whole
day to locate them? and the Russian
losses therefore were slight. The men
suffered more from the scorching heat
of the s'un than from the Japianese*pro
jectiles.
The night was perfectly quiet. The
slept in the viljage of
Sinmintin, directly behind the Rus
sian positions.
ALL-DAY ARTILLERY DUEL.
j TOKIO, July 30.— The Japanese casu
alties at the, battle of Tatchekiao were
12 officers and 136 men willed and 47 of
ficers and 848 men wounded, a total of
1043 killed or wounded.
MUKDEN, July 30.— A correspond
ept of the Associated Press who wit
nessed the battle of Tatchekiao, July
23 to-July 25, and who rode,more than
a* hundred* miles on horseback, all the
way to Mukden, to bring the account,
gives the following description of the
engagement:. V"-'' i
The correspondent was awakened at
5. o'clock in the morning of July 23
by the booming of guns. ' He had slept
in the village of Tientsin, four miles
south of Tatchekiao, where the regi
ment to which he was attached was
stationed. He hurriedly rode to the
Russian outposts and found them en
gaged in a hot artillery duel, which
continued for «lx 'hours. Then the
batteries slowly retreated on the main
position, where General Zaroubaieff
decided to acpept battle. The Rus
sian gunners thence .poured a well di
rected hail of projectiles, effectually
stopping the Japanese advance and
enabling the various outpost detach
.ments to fall back in safety. The ar
tillery fire ceased at about 11 o'clock
and then, for three hours the Japanese
«vere« engaged in placing their bat
teries in position and in disposing of
; their forces in order of battle.
j At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the
bombardment recommenced and Jast
ed until 5 o'clock. The Japanese* had
several guns of large caliber and all
their batteries were sending out
streams < of shrapnel on,. the Russian
; positions, but not causing: much harm.
fact, the total losses at first
insignificant
SUCCEEDS VOX PLEIIWE.
Tienghultsan, Chiutsiayan, Pien and
Kuanchlapasgts are on the Fengwang
cheng-Liaoyang road and awe within a
shbrt distance of each other, about
thirty-flve miles southeast of Liaoyang.
The Shi River is a branch of the
Taitse, and has its Origin in the vfcin
lty of these passes, f. . ;
The Taitse River is a very x large
stream, fiowmg just north of LJaoyang
In a course almost due westward. [
Pensihu Is on the Taitse, about forty
five miles eCBt of Liadyang.
f The correspondent visited the entire |
eastern line. It is hn ideal region for
i military operations. Immense columns
j of troops are traversing the numerous
J valleys to reconnoiter the passes and
| are finding: mountain artillery on the
1 hill side. The Japanese officers are in
plain view, pacing ujr and dawn the.
trenches, as though encouraging their
men. The Russians, from equally fine
j positions, are jnakingr offensive dembn
; stratlons, inviting an attack and>
maneuvering. • -.-'• ,-U
The first ascent of Russian military
balloons occurred yesterday evening
j and agfcinst the flaming sunset the bal-
I loon was visible to the entire Japanese
i army arwund. Motien Pass. The bal
j loon caused .much amazement among
the Chinese. ' * ' • '
. Japanese continue to march across
Uhe upper part of the Taitse River to-
Nvard Mukden by way of Pensihu, pro
tecting their left flank from Kuchiatzu
and Kuanchia passes.
The Russians are making a demon
stration in large force before Pien Pass
and also in frpnt of Kuanchia Pass.
A detachment of Cossacks* which, at
tempted to reconnoiter the -Yuhuang
kao temple to-day was driven back
from two positions, both within hailing
distance. .
The Japanese as this dispatch is be
ing filtyl can plainly be seen taking up
positions for jthe conflict. T*hey are ap
parently determined t» fight, and it is
reported that the Russian "commander
has^ ordere'd preparations to be made
for* 4000 to 5000 wounded.
Continued From Page 21, Column 4.
I' pan's General Staff Reports 3Iany Officers Killed or
Wounded in Attacks on the Russian Stronghold, In
dicating Desperate Fighting Between Besiegr
ing Army and Defending Garrison..
Announcement by the Harriman Steamship Companie
That They Will Accept No More ' Freight of. a
. Contraband Nature for the War Zone Will
Have Important Bearing Upon War. . ' *
Russian Soldiers Enraged by the Order to Eetreat After
They Had Held the Heights at Tatchekiao Throii^h
'oiit the Day in the Face of a Terrific Eire
From the Japanese Guns.
HEAVY LOSSES AT PORT ARTHUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO fV CALL. f 'SUNDAV,"JULY 31,, 1904.
22
I * AD VERTISE3IENT9.
j B.KATSGH1NSKI 1
! . Philadelphia Shoe Co. |j
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FfHNCISCO |
{I Adjoining CaU Buildinff. j-j
I You Save
Dollars Here.
j Buy your Shoes from us and
I save money! We give you the
I best quality and the latest styles-
fa you pay the lowest price. Our
Eg thousands of satisfied customers
(4 d*al with us because they.hava a
[I grood reason: They appreciate
ll shopping at a store that Rives the
H best values for the least money
a all year round. Thi3 week we will
3 uiv« you extra Inducements to buy
j from us. For example: Ladles'
i p] Finest Grade Vicl Kid and Patent
! a leather Oxford Ties, made with
3 hand-turned soles, new coin toes
; a and tips, cloth or kid tops, circular
; I vamps or straight foxings «nd
J hlj?h Cuban or LXV French heels.
. D Rfffular $3.00 and 43.50 values.
m Call early! They won"t last Ion*
at OUR 8AX.E PBICE. A pair G5c
Sizes 2Vi to 8. Widths AA
and A. .
DRESSY VICI KID LAGE.
An attractive Sho« at a cut-
price. Ladies' Vicl Kid Lace and
Button Shoes, made with llrht
soles or extension edges, circular
vamps and heel foxingrs. modern
coin toes and patent leather tips,
stylish Cuban heels and kid or
cloth tops. This lot Includes sev-
eral of our regular $2.50 lines,
which we will close out at a RE-
DUCED SALE PKICE 81.55
Sizes 2 ft to 8. Widths A to EE.
Patent Kid
Button Oxfords.
Special sale this week: One- of
the season's newest styles for
and Misses. A patent
Kid Button Oxford, made with
pliable hand-turned soles: neat.
plain coin toes, circular vamps and
dull finished mat kid quarters and
gun metal buttons. Extremely
dressy.
SPECIAL JREDTTCED PBZCSSl
Child's sizes, with spring
heels, *V, to IV. S1.1O
• Misses' sizes, with new low
• heels. 11^ to 2...S1.25
HAND-TURNED JULIETS.
A fresh stock just received: La-
dies' Vicl Kid Juliets, mads with
flexible hand-sewej* soles, comfort-
able coin toes ana patent leather
tips and common sense heels. Just
the hcuse Shoe for eas* and -com-
fort. Sizes 2% to 9. widths C to
EE. THIS WIEX AT EUDUCID
PRICES S1.25
~C. — — ™,7_
S1»1(J iffffrpa ||a
Men's Oxford Tics
On sale this week at clean-up
prices: Men's Patent Leather and
Vici Kid or Velour Calf Oxfords,
made with circular vamp^i and ,
heel foxfngs. modern coin toes and
tips and Goodyear welted, sewed
soles. Not a pair In the lot worth
. less. than 53.00, many worth $3.50
and $4.00. Several lines bunched
together. OUB PBXCS TO SVtti
EYEST PAZS S1.1O
Sizes 7% to 11. Widths A to C
All Parties Vlsltlnr Our Stort Tills
.Week WIU Receive Tree *
Ht»cliom« Pocket Mirror.
S. KATSGH1NSK1
10 TKXBD ST.. .fiaa Txasdseo.
men
\l»^«g DR. HALt/a REUTVIGORATOa
KQB Uj stops all loascs and unnatural dis-
«J It charges In 24 hours. ¦ You f«el ftn
gtvH Fv? improvement from th« rtrit i\o^c.
ffjh PjitT We have so much confidence In our
Ulu IM- treatment that we infTsr Five Ilun-
t$v J,m dred reward for any caa* we can-
fcfrTanrajJ not cure; This secret remedy cures
lost iSower. nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, faUlnj
menjory. «dr»in» in tho* urine, conorrhea, dU-
! ease of tRe post it- Klan3s and a!l other teiri-
I ble effects of self-«buse or excess**, which lead
t-a to- consumption and death. Positively cur-j
the worat i-ases In old or youinr of that morti-
fying condttion. quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do, and Vou can't. Sent sealed. $2
per bottle: three bottles. S3. Guaranteed
cure any .case. #
Call or addreir* orders KALI/S MEDICAT.
INSTITUTE* 8M Broadway. Oakland O>1.
'Also for sale at 1073>/a Market St.. S. F.° Sena
for frr* book. .
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 P er Yeap -
& <£' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. * • •
(, That means tM •• .
Vll £?-<•>.-' The Mason & Hamhn piano is equipped with the most I
fl own a Mason & Hamlin perfect mecjianism for the production of claur, sweet, pow- 17 f
I) piano on terms v so 'liberal crful tone-control, this mechanism is peculiar to the < .¦|; ;
ll , . Mason & Hamlin piano, therefore its tone is one that fas- I
¦II and easy that c you .cannot ¦ cinatcs like* spell of magic. # It allows the performer I
lj fail to approve them. See* arf artistic .scope that cannot be found in any other instru- I
J us about it NOW. . mcnt * * m I
ft TV^Crt^tf Sil^ fSQD f* 931-933 MARKET STREpT, N^
•¦ ' ADYERmSEMENTS.
San Francisco, Sunday, 31 July. 1904. > • "
Extra large ;
oak dresser, $28,50
If size governed our price marking the above
pictured dresser would cost you about twice this
amou/it. The most generously proportioned, inex-
pensive dresser we have on our floors and a very- j
serviceable one. The width of top is fifty inches
and the French bevel plate mirror measures 35 by
38 inches. Made of oak finished golden and with
swell front.
Body Brussels carpet never shows foot prints
nor furniture marks. "Bigelow-Lowell" Body
' Brussels is the best grade made. Our price, includ-
ing sewing-, lining and laying, is $1.20 the yard. :^\
(Eormcrly v thc California Furniture Co.) !
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareOfficial Says AH Purchases
Should .Be Made Only. Aft
er Bids Have Beeii Sought
INFORMS THE AUDIT0K
Comptroller of Currency
Believes That Government
Should Invite Competition
OPPOSES OPEN
MARKET BUYING
Pulivc and Union Men Clash and
.Many Arc Wounded.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 30. — Rlt/ting
broke out at .South St. Joseph at 10
o'clock to-:;ight. when the packers ei^
dt-avor^d to smuggle in n squad of
non-union men. Sixty policemen lined
vp across [llhif^l aventfe to oppose a
Ji^.ob of striker^ A fierce hand-to-
I'.and battle ooc-urr^d. In which almost
every policeinkn broke his club on the
.heads of the strikers. Fred Van
rrttt:«. a striker, war- ba^ly hurt from
wounds about the head **nd may die.
Several special police officers deserted
their #:roth«r offi.-ers during the fight,
throwing away their stars aint clubs.
The strikers s:iy they will have 200d
men at the jilants to-morrow morniog
io prevent the entrance of two car
lutds of non-union men which will
a- rive on the Burlington train from
Chicago.
OFFICERS FIGHT STRIKERS.
a little surprise for them when they pay
their next visit.
I might menlion, by the way, In this
connection that on his return from
Soutb Africa the Japanese military at
tache with the English forces during
the. Boer war presented a voluminous
report to. the Mikado.
Not a word of this document, which
excited muca speculation at tha time,
was made known to the* public, but I
should not be surprised if it pointed out
# how easJJy the tactics of Dewet could
be imitated by bands of Japanese
horsemen roaming' through Manchuria,
supporting themselves on the country,
getting Information of the Russian
movements and the disposition of the
Russian forces ; from the friendly In
habitants and breaking the railway and
jtelegraph lines as often as possible.
The Japanese seem to have learned
very boom of this condition of affairs,
for soon after they had crossed the
Yalu mounted* bands of them— -each
band being several thousand strong
swept over the country to the. east of
the railroad. •
Considering that the Japanese ane no
toriously bad horsemen, riding indlffer
j ent horses and pitted against the finest
j riders in the .world, with practically the
j whole of the great horse-breeding re
gion of Mongolia at their disposal^ their
temerity in venturing so far as they did
into the heart of Manchuria is astound
•ing. ¦ '
They have now fallen back, owrng to
the damage inflicted on the Japanese
•lines . of communication 1 by General
Mistehenko and his Cossacks. In" the
meantime the*. Russians are preparing
i twe%n Port Arthur and the Vlfceroy's
headquarters. 0 ? -
1 1 am writing this 'letter near the
northern limit of'the "no man's land" I
["have ju'st spoken of. At the, southern
i extremity bf it lies the beleaguered
fortress of .Port Arthur,, whioh will nev
> er, if the Japanese have their way. hear
the of a Russian railway en
gine again. * ' '. !
The captain. of a battleship naturally.
| lives aboard* his vessel. The censor's i
office is. a railway carriage on a siding
at Mukden, and when people meet one
another* in;the streets they 'do not speak
about the weather or say, "Bon iour!
cornment_allez-vous?" They ask,,"Ha*e
you been to the station- this morning?"
or *'Dld*you» see any trains come in to
day?" just as people living -in a seaport
speak of ships arriving.
from that time to the present a vell o
has been interposed between Port* Ar
,thur and Mukden. Trains only go as
far south as Tahshihchiao, near New
chwang. Below Tahshlhchlao" lies a ; "no
man's land," neither Chinese nor Rus
sian. e s warming witft' Japanese soldiers
and with Chinese bandits— a land on
which a light by night' or the soundof
a horse's h'oofs excites the attention of
sentries and patrols and in which a
man is given- a very short time wherein
to make up» his mind to stop or to^be
fired on; a land which Russians will
'nevertheless continue to cross at* the
risk of their lives in order to convey in
formation backward 'and forward be-
The marks of the* Japanese bullets
were very' numerous on the armored
portion of the carriages, but these bul
lets must have been fired' from a gr^at
distance and most of them must have
been "ricoches," as- they generally did
nothing, more than knock off little
rings of paint.
The passengers on the train had not
much to say. They related? that the
Japanese had fired en them from a dis
tance of thv- ¦'•¦* or four versts.
da\v-.:rous country.
A train steamed into Mukden station
with bullet marks all'over it. I. went
on the platform to see it as it stood
surrounded by • a cro,wd of curious
spectators 6 like a steed that has escaped
from a distant battle.
south with "such regularity that e on*
got to expect their passage as a mat
ter of course, Just as one expects the
rising and the setting of the sun. One
day this cojnfortable conviction was
rudely upset. '.
IiAST TRAIN' FROM PORT ARTHUR
"We are winning the fc_ike and
need no'Jielp from the President," said
Donnelly. "There may be a few d<
f-«?rtions from our ranks, but they are
comparatively few and do- not hurt
our cause to any extent. Al! the ta!k
about tht* ..strikers being or. the verge
of starvation is nonsense. Up to date
there have .been about 2 per cent of
th<? entire number of strikers who
have ap!>ealed for relief. We are pre
pared to carry on the strike indefi
nitely, having Ftations well equipped
to supply all our men ..with fo*.*\ and
the distribution will I*, increased as
the strike continues."
CHICAGO, July 30.— The conflict be
tween capital asd unionism, which has
been going on In the packing trade In
dustry throughout the country for
nearly three weeks, shows no sign of
abatement. To-night both of the op
posing Interests seezn as determined as
ever on k fight to a finish.
The packers to-night declared they
h*d practically won their fight and
that the strikers were becoming de
znorallxed. In direct opposition to this
statement of the employers the strike
leaders asserted that the victory was
with the workmen and that it would
be a. matter of but a short time until
the packers were compelled t<Ll<*k for
peace.
Leaders of four of the allied trades
unions which went on strike In
sympathy with the packing-house
butchers are said by the packers to
have made overtures for reinstate
ment to-day. According to the pack
ers, the emissaries from these four
skilled trades sought to learn upon
what terms the strikers would be re
instated should they return In a body.
The answer the packers say they gave
to these peace missionaries was that
the strikers would be re-employed as
fest as conditions might warrant, but
only as Individuals and n<jt as mem
bers of any union.
The strike leaders disclaimed any
knowledge whatever of the action,
taken by the four unions and repeated
their that the outlook for
victory for the striking workmen was
more satisfactory than ever.
'During the afternoon there was an
attempt on the part of disinf,-*sted
persons to induce President Donnelly
of theckButchers* Union to appeal to
J 'resident Iloosevelt to offer his good
offices and briny the strike to an ena
Donnelly refused to consider the
jirojjosition. / -^
Agents for Four of the Allied
Crafts Are Said to Have
Offered Terms of Peace
BY FRANCIS McCUUiAGH:
MUKDEN, Monday, May 30. — For
t!£» last two hours the air has been
filled with the whistling of locomo
tives on the railway, which, runs at a
short distance from the Littna temple,
in which I am writing, and this sound
will probably continue, with hardly .a
break, for the rest of the day and for
all the coming: night, as it has con
tinued for months pasfc~^_"
Sometimes itT Is a short, sharp
scream; oftener'lt Is fk prolonged wall.
But. whatever form It takes there is
no sound save the sound of guns that
excites more Interest and^ apprehen
sion In Mukden at the present mo
ment than the whistle of the ordinary
railway locomotive.
I need not point out why thisUs the
case, for In no war that ever was
wared has the railway been such an
Important factor as In? the present
conflict On a single line of railway
Russia depends entirely for success;
on t^e chance of that railway proving
lnad_^uate Japan declared war in Feb
ruary last. •
Russia has accordingly 1 told off an
army merely to guard that long rail
way, while Stjl Japan's efforts, the at
tacks on Purt Arthur, the Invasion of
Manchuria and the landings along the
Liaotung coast have had for their (Ob
ject the cutting of that frail but for
midable line of steel.' , @i
SOLDIERS GUARD BRIDGE.
Tl»~ attention the Russians have be
stowcJ on their railway since the out
break of the war has been such that
the Chinese might be excused for be
lles tie that the railway locomotive is
the -'European's god," and ttjat if not
watched day and night by fervent
worshipers with rifles in their hands
that iron deity might Inflict som?
dreadful punishment on its recalci
trant worshipers.
After Japan began the way some
thing UK* a panic seized upon "the
Russians with regard to their railway
and Cossacks used to ride along the
line by night carrying flashlights, by
means of which they could ascertain
if the rails had been pampered wlth (
anywhere. . <¦
Admiral Alexieff even issued a proc
lamation* calling "on the Chinese to'
proton the line, but I do not think*
that this proclamation had the slight
est effect.
The elaborate measures r; taken to
protect the bridges arc already known*
to the public. A considerable body of
soldiers is generally stationed on each
sido of a bridge, which, is also protect
ed by at least one field piece.* The ap
proaches to the bridge are lined by
sandbags" which sometimes .extend
down the rfver bank for a distance of
several hundred yards. Nobody is al
lowed to approach the, bridge unless
he is a Russian officer in uniform and
is provided with all sorts of permits,
signed ami countersigned by dozens of
officials. ,*
Every beam of a bridge 4s watched*'
ttay.and night by anxious eyes, the
owners of which are well aware of the
j f&te which awaits them in case the*
I bridge sustains injury while they al*e
j not looking. > ._ t®?£ g
Even lU^le bridges only; a few yards
across* are protected^ by two soldiers,
• who watch in turn, the man off'duty
[reposing in a little straw hut Just cap-.
J able* of accommodating two persons
• and a tea kettle, built close to the
j railway track. m '--'
STOPPED BY SENARY.
Although provided with full creden
tials as a war correspondent and with ,
a conspicuous red brassard, I have
m
Sj-relal Etaff Correspondent of The Call and the Jgew Tork Herald. -,Copyrishted, 1904, ty th« I
• . W«w York Herald CoropanjC All Rights Reserved.., \
twice had difficultiesvin crossing the
line because J crossed it within* about
half a mile of_ one of these tiny
What would have happened
"to me if I hatf crossed within sight of
a big bridge I shudder to contemplate.
On one or two occasions on which I
passed near a snfall bridge I had with
me a Chinese "mafoo," w^o looks sus
piciously like^a Japanese, being small,
¦wearing corduroys and generally wear
•fng^his queue wound up Inside of a Eu
ropean hat.
As soon as the soldier on guard at the
bridge saw me cross the line he sum
moned his companion, and they "asked
who I was.
I explained to them In my best Rus
sian,' and at a distance of about a hun
dred yards.0 that I "was a war corre
spondent atid :. that everything y as ln
order. But th*y were not satisfied*^
They wanted to get a nearer view of
me. and accordingly' (ordered m© to
come closer. I obeyed with alacrity, as
<hey had guns in their hands, but I
wondered what would happen to a man
who, under similar circumstances, did
,not know •nough* Russian to 'untie!*
stand them and continued to ride on.
o TRY TO .INJURE ROAD. •
Abottt the t1me*I was Jhus stopped on
the railway several bodies of mounted
Japanese, each party numbering sev
eral thousand, h*<J3actually found their
way, in direct Imitation of DeWet when
he invaded Cape Cblony, as far as thir
ty miles to the north of MukBen, their
object being presumably to ascertain
*.s much as they ccruld of the disposition
of the Russian forces and at the same
•time to injure the Railway.
Repeated attempts were made by
them to carry ouf. this latter part of
'their programmed and although thege
attempts invariably failed they natur
ally increased the solicitude witfi which
the Russians looked after their line.
Similar attempts were made between
Slukden and &iapya1ng, and*bnly a few
days ago six Japanese cavalrymen were
captured In the vicinity of the latter
town. ¦?.' e
The Japanese jiot.only seiyT mounted
scoujts in uniform to attack* the rail
way, but they also send peaceful and
"heavily paid Ofcinamen, as well as
Japanese dressecT as Chinamen and
< bands of Chinese* robbers' ttf attempt
the same delicate'operation. ®
< Sometimes the, encounters between
, the Russians who want to guard the
line and the Huflghuses who want to
wreck it /•attain*... serious dimensions.
Abqut a week ago a band' of Chines/;
0 Hunghuses attached a Cossack* detach*
. ; ment and did not retreat untfl £hey had
lost twenty of their number.
These attempts make everybody in
•Mukden tfnxiously listen for the;whist
ling of the railway locomotives, "so far,
as I have alrea'dy remarked, that
whistling has bi-en almost continuous.
In fact, the railway has fully justified
; all the hopes placed in it.
GREAT PIECE OF WORK.
It is a mantel, and if it continues to
do its duty for a*nother four montns
, the Russians should treat it . as the
Japanese treat "mountains which have
'^rendered distinguished service to the
; country" by ornamenting «the land
j.pcape, and should*, make .it henceforth
incumbent oh every loyal subject of the
* Czar to speak of the railway as "Mon
sieur the Railway," In yie same wfey as
the Japanese speak of Fujiyama as
Fujisan. '•
* Prince Khilkoff.certainly deserves the
decoration he recently received for the
magnificent, work*' the railway is doing
under his management. The amount of
that work is not properly, appreciated
by anybody who does not see the trains
, ,ro past. . '
I have never seen a more imposing ex
hibition of the power and might -of
Russia than I have witnessed day after
day during the last four weeks at Muk
den.
The endlessrprqcession of implements
of destruction and of men to make us#
of .them dwarf into utter significance
I any -procession that I have ever seen,
! although at times I cannot help ask
| ing myself, as I watch them rolling
! swiftly past, how many of these brave
! young fellows will ever come back.
A partial answer to my question is
supplied by the hospital trains.. These
j trains consist of spotlessly clean white
| carriages with a red cross painted out
! side, and Red Cross nurses flitting
! about inside like angels of mercy. In
stead of.: being, as one would expect,
i abodes of pain, they are filled with
¦ lighfiand cheerfulness.
WOUNDED YpELL CARED FOIt.
I have never yet looked on one that
I did not envy, the occupants. None
| of them were seriously wounded, for
, dangerous cases had to be treated as
j near the front as possible, ar.d all
i seemed to be perfectly happy and con-
! tented.
As I walked about the Mukden rail
way station on a warm sunny day,
looking- at a hospital train, I could not
j help thinking that these smiling in
1 valids, in their neat carriages, w;&e
[ enjoying the happiest period In their
liv«p.
j TJhey were heroes, they had dcrne
I their duty manfully to Russia and the
| Czar, many of them wore the coveted
j St George's . Cross and other decora
tions and all-looked as if they were al
ready in tho^Elysian fields.
°'T2»e private soldleqi had clean faces
Itnd wore clean linen, eo that 'they
seemed. quite different men from the
unshaven, grimy warriors whom I have
been accustomed to meet at Port Ar
thur, Inkow. Liaoyang and Mukden.
The highest degree of human felicity
consists - in getting slightly wounded
$uid ' being ' sent to the rear, to be re
"garded with moist eyes and waited on
with sisterly, solicitude bjP the hand
some girls of the Russian Red Cross.
For several weeks" after I .came 'to
.'Mukden the trains ran daily north and
RUMOE OF DESERTIONS
Both Packers and Butchers
Claim Progress in Their
Struggle for Supremacy
NEITHER SIDE
IS WEAKENING
SUCCESS OF RUSSIANS
DEPENDS ON RAILWAY
Mght and Day Muscovite Troopers Tlieif ; Steel
0 Line Punning From 'Port Arthur to Mukden, the De
.. st ruction or which Means Disaster to the ® *
. . Forcesof the Czar. ©
THE &AN T . FRANCISCO f CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31; 190^.
ARMY GUARDS TRACKS
WASHINGTON.^July.SO.— The Comp
troller of Currency Is disposed to put?
a stop to open market purchases by
Government offlcials, except when they
clearly come, within the letter of the
law. In . disposing of the accounts
of Pay Director Thompson, In
charge of^the Portsmouth, N. H., navy
pay office for the fiscal -year 1903, In
which open market purchases amount
ing to several hundred thousand, dol
lars aje shown, the Comptroller says:
. "The purpose of advertising is* to In
vite competition by nqtifying'those who
have such articles for sale.
ence has taught us* that purchases
should be made In no. other, way and
the law fco- corhmands •when, time and
circumstances will' permit of this meth
od. When this precaution is neglected
by a depa#ment, fraud and scandal
follow as a matter of course. I will not
disallow In this account any of the
vouchers questioned, but a copy of
this communication will be forwarded
to the auditor for his information and
it is expected that the ordinary rules
relative to advertising, contracting /or
supplies and making payments therefor
In the future wjll be followed by you
and all other officers of the navy."
" . ¦ i . .. - .
23
ADVERTISEMEXTS!
JOSEPH FREDEHICKS & CO.
beg to announce that the lease of
theix establishment on Market
Street, opposite Kearny, has been
purchased 'by Dr. H. E. Law,
which necessitates their e'arly re-
moval. At a sale, which will be-
gin at an early date, theii entire
stock of Furniture, Carpets, Dra-
peries and Wall Paper will be
subjected to' most sensational re-
ductions. Meanwhile, the public
is cordially invited to visit the
store and inspect its exclusive
stock of fine furnishings before
making pulses.
•' ' ; •- ¦'•¦¦¦• i •* * ADVKRTISKMEXTS. • ¦ ;-" ,'£ '"¦
, - ... . *. •
' * ¦ * * ' •
to Your Measure for * il§p^ Pf^ ?
The price is no indication of the value, ! ' 'TCC^^^^^^R '_ ._
because the suits are really underpneed. ; ''^'^BrWl^SHS& :^^
They could easily bring more money \- 1^>-^^jH^^^5|^^P P'""
right here in our own store, and surely our >vf "^rAS^^^^Q^^^ \
customersalwayslooktousforgood values
The fabrics are late fall patterns of ¦ -^
browns,grays,bluesandotherdarkeffects. r
You are as welcome to inspect the
stock in the store as you would be to
look in our show windows, r
We guarantee a satisfactory fit. If you
are not pleased we will make another
suit or return your money, whichever; Biff llltf
You don't find other tailors giving such a liberal &IS . Ife—
guarantee. • We repair, sponge and the gar- ffl§0*
Q«\fifcn^i*sl or on(^ a y anti Tu?sdiy only — Men'-
nightshirts, regular six bit values, for 40c llsPf •
measuring blank . ,740 Market Street and tamers of a satis- . Sketched from Efe " ••*TQUSr
and samples. . ; Corner Powell and Eddy factory fit. ,
• '[__- ADVERTISEMENT'S. _\ ' *
MANY PEOPLE *£> A T A IJ Otfi Y^|T QXiT|^7i*A I^H AND D0NT
•. * . • ¦ — '.'¦ .
A Beautiful Michigan Belle Cured of Gatarrh of the
y Stomach by Pe=ru=na.
: Miss Louise Matt, Battle Creek. Mich., writes:, • ' » •' ""-
"I can only .say what 'others have, said befjrs mo, that /^^ — ¦ _» »^_
feruna is. a most wonderful medicine for calarrhal and ' j/lC\j^'"^^E^i^^f^P^ • *¦¦?'. ff .^f*^^^^^ /&" —^^\
"I suffered so long with indigestion and dysoepsia, and
tried so many things to cure me, nithcui rslisf. that I made
up my mind my case was hope:ess. One of my friends ad- ' /[&}]&',
vised me to try Feruna for a month, assuring me that I /r^^^^m^Wk^m^^^i(kM^my^^
could not fail to find from its use some relief and possibly a U^^^^MMm^M^^^i^^^^^^^^S
cure'. So I took new courage and bought a bott 0 of Peruna. [\M^W0W/^^^SMim0m£iMMMi^k^W
determined fa give it a thorough trial,- which I did. In just y^&S&ftffl
six weeks I was entirely rid of my stomath trouble, and . j^&W$$$®
bless the'day when Peruna was brought to my notice^" M$$M0??$$&^* :S r?:~^'? ¦ '¦ "-vtw?fM$jfij?$$ifo
. \^m^S^^^^^ § Jf£^ A^^^^^^T* Cararrh Of the of alc ? holIc stimulants an*J many other
( .'¦ r*"\^^g^Ht^^^^M'^wM^^^^^^S^^^'^/ Stomach ¦ Peruna euros all such cases of dyspep-
1 /rf*^^BMTWifl^pO'^^^^^^ ==^ a " Very Quickly ' wheflsver located. Tho reason 30 rnxny
. ¦ •¦ . V^ < S"^? n.MJ « Kt"i.»/ =y cases of dyspepsia suffer on and on with-
. '. . '. STEGrV^*^*. Destroys Beauty. out . » p y , relie f-|
¦ • . . • ¦" • trying this naed-
¦._,/¦- . • ¦ / : *:• Icltyj and that P »- ra -o» Cure* Catairli
Miss Dade Stegeman, superintendent*. "Through, ovefwork and anxiety In my "^l?i."n' ( |ft?nn ! ! Whcrever
of the Chicago North Side Woman's .business I was very much run. down; had are not recognized as caiarrh ot tho
Club-of Chicago.. In a recent letter to loES of appetite( and> what was worse stomach.
Dr. Hartman. speaks of Peruna as tol- • „«„>,> t *,- Any one s "fferlns from dyspepala.
lows: .. , tnan that > loss of sleep at night. I was having tried «ie ordinary remedies with-
o>-.A. u~ju;-~ /•* /•*/.. —n... n . • afraid I wduld have to consult a 'physi- out relief, would be safe to. assume that
Peruha Medicine Co.. Cbfumbus, Q.: when "one of mv customers advised thMr case ls *ne of catarrh- of the stom-
, Gentlemen: "Peruna has often been c ' a n- e " one or my customers advised a ch. and shoujd at once besin a course of
used by the members of our dub in cases of' m \;° X ?\ Z*^ ? * t T» \ SSS^it^SS'fidta" 11 " " ****
' . .. , . , ••/• wel^ arid strong! I began to take it, and «ases. it ne%'er raws. •.
ttomach troube and general tebhty-also In a fe w days began to feel stronger, and Thousands Of Peruna Testimonials
recently m cases ofja grippe, and always from tne flrst u ose 1 slept at night, with- on File.
with the host beneficial resuits. I think a out awakening.;. I took only two bottles. We have on file many thousand testi-
great deaf of Peruna— often recommend it nOw^ I am well, but I, am never without monlals like tlie ones given. We can only
to mv frhnHs and am alad tasnv nil whn Per "na in the house. Jf any one wishes give our readers a slight glimpse of tho
lomy fronds. % and am glad to soy njl who to call on Ine x wllI . Bladly ad^, ae them to vast array of unsolicited indorsements
have \ tried it speak a good word foe It. — ' tako it as t nave received so much b*-^- we * re receiving every month. No other
-OS*. S.,e S en*n. . , -^ • . \ SSS^SEafflg^Sg &3£2!li8SB36Se&GSaA
Mrs. Jessie Colton,- 450 East 19th St., use it, as T dld. ; — Mrs. Jessie Colton. letters of thanks as Dr. Hartman for Pe-
New York City, writes: \ No medicine *in the' world has cured runa. * •In the plebeian ranks of the As
semblymen it is not difficult to count
noses. Assemblyman Goodrich of
Pasadena probably will be returned
and Assemblyman Johnstone is certain
to be. Both have declared for Bard.
The man who succeeds Assemblyman
Camp in the Alhambra district will
also be a Bard man, for such la the
sentiment of that community that this
is conceded. Assemblyman Kelso of
Inglewood also "favors Bard, but the
Flint forces are making a desperate
effort to control his convention. Of
the others, all of whom are to be
chosen from districts within the* city,
Stanton and Transue' are Flint men;
McCartney Is on the fence, leaning
toward the Flint side, and Houser is
classed as doubtful. The Flint forces
are claiming the district now repre
sented by Carter and they probably
will control it. -
The probable result will therefore
be not unlike that of two years ago,
made. To predict the probable result
would be simply speculation. In whclh
any person may indulge.
Political prophets are looking ask
ance at Sari Diego Counts and her
three votes. There the Congressional
fight Is a decided factor. Senator
Ward is making a fight to succeed
Congressman Daniels of Riverside, his
opponent being former Senator S. C.
Smith of Bakersfleld. The scandal
which followed the defalcations of
"ex-Boss" Tom Hays of Riverside
eliminated Daniels from this contest,
but he is still believed to have some
influence as a result of the patronage
which it was his privilege to dis
tribute, and that influence, whatever
it may amount to, has been cast in
the direction of Ward.
In Los Angeles County the brands
with which the various candidates are
stamped may be easily read in pass
ing; there are no mavericks. The
one man who has declared openly for
Flint is Hahn, Pasadena's hold-over
State Senator, but Flint has others
roped and tied, although they have
made no open declarations. Senator
Pondleton is in the Flint corral to
stay, but what Senator Savage will do
it is not so safe to predict. He bolted
the Republican caucus at the last ses
sion of the Legislature when Senator
Perkins was chosen. So did Senator
Fred Smith and for that Smith prob
ably will not be returned to the Legis
lature. Assemblyman Henry E. Carter 1
stand3 the best chance of winning in
Smith's district, and Flint's name will
be upon his ballot S. C. Graham, a
well-to-do oil man, is Carter's op
ponent, but Graham i3 comparatively j
a novice in the political game. In. the
Senatorial district of which Pomona
is 'the center, Assemblyman Camp and
former Assemblyman Broughton are
the candidates and both have declared*
for Bard.
The Democratic insurgents, under the
leadership of James H. O'Brien, will
make a determined fight to elect a ma
jority of delegates to the local nomin
ating convention of the party. The reg
ular or county committee Derrfocrats,
under the direction of Gavin McNab,
will nominate delegates in every As
sembly district Therefore the prospects
of an old-fashioned row in the Demo
cratic camp are exceedingly bright
O'Brien cannot be blamed by his fol-
Thomas F". Dolan, J. ,C. Welch, David
Humphries, James J. Johnston, Rob
ert Gordon, Charles Wachter, James
Gleason, Frank Mitchell, Frank Fltz
patrick, George W. Pennington, Glen
field Thompson, William McNamara'
and M. Fitzpatrick.
This committee will meet to-day at
2 o'clock to name the delegates. The
fight for control of the district will
then open In ¦earnest
HARMONY IX THIRTY-XIXTH.
The Republicans of the Thirty
ninth District met in Richmond Hall
last evening and after temporary offi
cers had been elected a permanent
organization was formed under the
name of the United Independent Re
publican Club. Formerly there were
two organizations, one known as the
Citizens' Independent Republican Club
and the other as the Independent Re
publican Club. Representatives of
both were present and all agreed that
harmony was necessary for party suc
cess. By unanimous Vote the mem
bership rolls of the two clubs were
combined. The officers .of tMe new
organization are: John R. Aitken,
president; E. T. McMurray, first vice
president; S. J. Hendy, second vice
president; Adolph Gerhart, third vice
president; John J. Cassidy, secretary;
Louis Soureau, assistant secretary; J.
T. Terry, treasurer; August Pfeffer,
sergeant at arms.
The Republican organization in the
Forty-fifth District has decided to give
the nomination for Assemblyman to
Louis StrohL
PctltlonsMn Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: E. C. Stanley,
painter, Copperopolis, liabilities $529,
no assets; Alfred J. Slmmonds, sales
man, San Francisco, liabilities $682,
assets $400.
ACTIVE WORK
IN POLITICS
The Republican district committee of
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District met
Friday evening at the office of Charles
H. J. Truman, 1909 Mission street, and
organized by electing the following per
manent officers: Chairman, Charles H.
J. Truman; vice chairman, H. W. Fra-
• A victory for the insurgents at the
primary election one week from next
Tuesday would give O'Brien the power
to name the nominees for State Sen
ators, Assemblymen and four Judges of
the Superior Court The Democrats
have a fair chance of winning two Sen
atorial and four Assembly districts. It
is common gossip in political circles
that the Democratic organization has
already entered into some agreement
with representatives of the Republican
organization respecting the nomination
of Superior Judges. There are predic
tions, too, that the Republican conven
tion will not ratify the agreement.
• A COVETED COMPLIMENT.
The Democrats do not entertain the
slightest hope of winning the Legisla
ture, hence the contest for United
States Senator cuts little or no figure in
the party squabbles, but the compli
mentary vote of the Democratic legis
lators is frequently the cause of strife
and bickering. If O'Brien wins out he
will give the compliment to Charles J.
Heggerty, the law partner of George A.
Knight, and this it is said will give
Heggerty more votes for the office of
United States Senator than his Repub
lican associate will get. Of course,
Franklin K. Lane will be indorsed for
United States Senator if McNab wins
out. The compliment of Democratic
support for the high office of Senator
would be very acceptable to James D.
Phelan, but many of the statesmen of
his party hold to the opinion that he
ought to be satisfied with his present
exalted post— that of president of the
Bohemian Club.
Timothy Spellacy, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
has appointed the following members
as the executive committee: Thomas
J. Geary (chairman), Sonoma County;
R. M. Fitzgerald, Alameda; A. B. Tar
pey, Alameda; M. W. Conkling, Los
Angeles; I. B. Dockweller, Los An
geles; J. F. Coonan, Humboldt; DeWltt
Cleary, San Joaquin; E. W. Hale, Sac
ramento; Arthur Seymour, Sacramen
to; A. Caminetti, Amador; E. C Farns
worth, Tulare, M. F. Cochrane, Marin;
J. J. Wells, Tehama; H. J. Gray,
Placer; George J. Magley, San Diego;
Nicholas Bowden, Santa Clara; James
McKenna, Contra Costa; Ed E. Bush,
Kings; Ben F. Gels, Glenn; John T.
York. Napa: M. T. Dooling, San Benlto;
J. H. West, San Bernardino; J. W.
Barneberg, San Luis Obispo; Thomas
E. Collins, Fresno; Louis Samuels, San
Francisco; J. J. Sweeney, San Francis
co; T. W. HIckey. San Francisco;
James J. Donovan, San Francisco; E.
J. Gallagher,' San Francisco; J. R.
Pringle, San Francisco.
THE REPUBLICANS.
lowers for Inviting the conflict, because
he has everything to gain'-and nothing
to lose in the struggle. A McNab re
verse at the primary election August 9
would not give his adversaries control
of the Democratic works, as the adroit
boss was clever enough early in the
campaign to seize the city and State
organizations. A new State committee
cannot be chosen until 1906, and the
present county committee will serve
until 1905. * - •
Mr. Welch's address was warmly ap
plauded and'upon motion a committee
of seventeen, was appointed to select
delegates to run in opposition to those
named by the organization. The fol
lowing compose the Selection Commit
tee: Fred N. Bent, Hallie B. Davld
jRon, Ed. Barry, William McKoen,
Joseph Armstrong was elected presi
dent of the club, the other officers se
lected being as follows: First vice pres
ident, Fred Cosgrove; ¦ second vice
president, Captain C. E. Douglass;
third vice president, Thomas Cavan
augh; treasurer, George W. Penning
ton; secretary, Hallie B. Davidson;
sergeant-at-arms, Thomas Ryan.
After the preliminary work had been
disposed of, Senator Welch announced
to the large assembly the object of the
meeting. He said that outside Influ
ences .were reaching Into the district
in an effort to control its political des
tiny, and this without consulting the
voters of the district As he believed
jn home rule, he said, he thought the
residents of the district should take
action to thwart the outside organiza
tion and place a ticket of delegates in
the field in opposition to that the or
ganization seeks to elect at. the pri
maries. : -.'•¦;+ -: : ¦¦':¦¦'.'
A warm contest is scheduled for the,
primaries in the Thirty-second Assem
bly District. The effort of the Ruef
organization to control political affairs
in this southern belt of the city has
been brought to a sudden halt and if
he defeats his opponents it wjty jte only
after sanguinary conflict. '
In an effort to name the Assembly
man from this district and the Sena
tor from the Nineteenth Senatorial
District, composed of the Thirty-sec
ond and the Thirty-fifth Assembly dis
tricts, the organization has appointed
a committee to select delegates from
these districts to the State and the
Legislative and Judicial conventions.
It is claimed, that in the appointment
of the committee Ruef failed to confer
with the voters of the district as to
their wishes. The . result Is that last
night, under the leadership of Senator
R. J. Welch, Supervisor Fred Bent and
State Central Committeeman Joseph
Armstrong, the opposition met in
Maennerbund Hall, Protrero avenue,
near Twenty- fourth street, and organ
ized, taking the name of the Roosevelt
Club of the Thirty-second Assembly
District.
The contest for supremacy and con
trol in the district is between Super
visor Fred Eggers and John W. Rogers.
As seven of the eleven on the district
committee are Rogers' personal and po
litical friends, the officers of the com
mittee having been named by the ma
jority, there is an Impression that they
will name the entire delegation. They
will have the backing of the organiza
tion in their fight against Eggers..
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICTS
ser; secretary, H. J. Alexander; treas-"
urer, Charles H. Mayer.
The minority of the committee, rep
resenting Fred Eggers and his follow
ing, demanded the privilege of naming
one-half the delegates on both the State
and local tickets. After some discussion
the committee rejected the proposition
and authorized the officers of the com
mittee to select the delegates to the
State and municipal conventions, and
instructed the committee to file a list
of delegates with the Registrar and the
secretary of the Republican County
Committee.
SANTA- ROSA. July 30. — Mark
Wes^ and vicinity, where the springs
of that name are situated, is consid
erably excited over the d!3coverv of
valuable .deposits of Quicksilver. Tha
ore has been found in great Quantities
and a company has been organized to
develop the properties. The ranches
•f J. Willis Goodman, William Taylor.
John Vance, the Arnold. Sherwoofiand
the Clark and Kettlewell ranches are
all declared to have quantities of the
mineral on them. The deposits are
said to be among the best In the coun
ty, and Sonoma is noted for its pro
duction of quicksilver.
when Los Angeles County was divided
along almost the same lines for and
against Gage. Those who were most
active In th.e Gage fight are now doing
the heavj work for Flint, with this
significant difference, howevVr, that
hundreds of prominent business men
are members of the Flint organization.
By a simple mathematical calculation
it may be seen how Southern Califor
nia stand3 to-day, but between now
and August 9, the day t>f the primaries
in this county, there may be many
charges.
Rich Strikes of Quicksilver.
LOS ANGELES, July SO.— The three
cornered fight now being waged by
Bard, Oxnar^ and Frank Flint, in
which a seat in the United' States Sen
ate is the prize, is not unlike the mem
orable campaign of two years ago,
when Henry T. Gage was endeavoring
to secure" indorsement of his political
acts and methods by asking the people
to return him to Sacramento as Gov
ernor of the State. There is not in the
present contest that personal and po
litical bitterness which characterized
the Gage campaign, but in many other
respects the fight is being waged along
the same lines and with practically the
same dlvlsllon of the party. This is
particularly true of Los Angeles Coun
ty, but it applies also, but in lesser de
gree, to the other sections of Southern
California.
, Believing that the political leaders in
the north* are honest in their reputed
Bta'tements that they concede to the
south one of the United States Sen
ators and that they will support any
candidate upon whom the couth agrees,
the Republicans of this part of the
State are* paying little if any attention
to political happenings In the north,
but each candidate Is seeking to secure
a majority of the Southern California
delegation to the next Legislature.
There has been no agreement tha£ the j
unit rule will be applied to this dele
gation and that a majority will carry
with It the votes of all, but some such
agreement Is more than possible, and
anticipating it the several candidates
are devoting their energies to the home
counties.
Despite the fact that several county
conventions have "instructed" one way
or another, it cannot be said that they
are straws which show the direction of
the wind. The contest has not been lost
or won by any of the candidates. Up
to the present time there have been
only skirmishes, and they will be fol
lowed later by a general engagement.
Whatever advantage has accrued from
the earlier conventions Is possessed by
Senator Bard, and to just the extent of
that advantage ' his opponents are
handicapped.
Beginning with Riverside County,
which really began- the campaign and
removed the then existing doubt as to
whether Bard's name would go before
the Legislature, the other counties that
have declared themselves have an
nounced for him. Orange County was
hardly less emphatic In her declaration
for. Bard than was Riverside, and from
the two counties Bard can count upon
three votes, those of one Senator and
two Assemblymen. Following closely
upon the Orange Counl'y convention
came the primaries in Ventura County,
in which In a clear-cut test of strength
between Bard and Oxnard the county
declared for Bard. Meantime Kern
County had tacitly declared for Bard,
but Kern has been known to elect
Democratic Assernblymen-r-she now has
a Democratic Senator.
It is reasonable to suppose that Santa
Barbara County will follow Ventura,
and, going farther up the coast, San
Luis Obispo County probably will also
fall into line. There Assemblyman War
ren II. John is certain of renominatlon,
and he has declared himself for Bard,
and so has Tom Flint, who will he the
Senator from that new district.
In San Bernardino County General F.
C. Prescott is njot doing any talking.
He wants the Republican 'nomination
without having to make a fight for it,
and probably will get it. If he has any
preference in the Senatorial fight he
isn't telling anybody. If the county
convention instructs him he will vote
according to his instructions, like the
excellent soldier that he is. San Ber
nardino and Inyo counties form a Sen
atorial district, in which a Senator is
to be chosen to fill out the unexpired
term of the late Senator Hubbell, and
for this office there are several as
pirants. It makes not so much differ
ence who is successful as it does
whether the nominating convention ex
plicitly directs its nominee to vote for
this or that candidate, and in this dis
trict, as in others, the real fight Is over
the question/ of instructions, or no In
structions. The two votes here
mean. much in the way of determining
the final result, and in this district a
quiet but terribly earnest fight Is being
ate; and be it further
"Resolved, That we commend and In
dorse the economical administration of
Governor George C. Pardee." *
Delegates were selected to the State
and Congressional and joint Senatorial
conventions as follows: N. TV. Blanch
ard, H, K. Snow, D. W. Mott, R. M.
Clarke, R. ' P. Strathearn, C. H. Mc-
Kevitt, Joseph Hobart, F. &. Cook and
Orestes 'Orr.
While unlnstructed, the delegation is
known to be strongly favorable to the
candidacy of Smith of Kern for Con
gress.
The programme as arranged by the
Bard men, who outnumbered the Ox-
I nard followers In the convention by two
to one, was carried out as to organi
zation. C. C. Teague was made chair
man of the convention and Bert Deck
er secretary.
D. T. Perkins, Bard candidate, was
placed in nomination for the Assembly
by R. M. Clarke, who paid a high tri
bute to the aspirant and to Senator
Bard. The name of Major Drifflll was
placed before the convention by Hugh
Percy. Both the candidates received
applause in plenty at the mention of
their names, but before the handclap
ping had ceased Major Drifflll took the
! platform and asked that he be allowed
to withdraw hla name. Driffili made a
clever speech, saying it was his earnest
desire to promote anQ maintain har
mony in the party, and he asked that
all his friends get in behind Bard's can
1 didate, as he himself intended to do,
and aid in carrying the county for the
Republican party. Perld.ns . was then
nominated by acclamation.
The following resolutions were unan-
Imousfy adopted amid loud cheering:
"We, the representatives of the Re
publican party of Vjentura County,* in
convention assembled, do hereby ex
press our loyalty to the principles of
the Republican party as enunciated at
the last Republican National Conven
tion, and pledge our undivided and
united support to the nominees of that
convention; and be It resolved, that,
"Whereas^ The Hon. Thomas R. Bard
is an honored and respected pioneer
citizen of this county, has served his
State faithfully and well and submitted
to the people of this State the im
portant question as ta his return to the
United States Senate! and
"Whereas, The people of this county
have expressed their approval of his
career as United States Senator In no
uncertain terms, and have this day
nominated for the office of Assembly
man nls coworker, business associate
and friend, the Hon. D. T. Perkins;.*
"Now, therefore, Ventura County ex
presses its choice for United States Sen
ator in the person of Senator Thomas
R. Bard, and .with unfaltering* zeal and
loyalty to his Interests we commend
him to the Republican party and to the
people of our great State, and we here
by recommend to the delegates to be
chosen to the Thirty-third Senatorial
Convention that they use all honorable
means to secure the nomination of a
candidate favorable to the return of
Senator Bard to the United States Sen-
VENTURA, July 30.— Contrary- to ex
pectations in some circles, the Republi
can County Central Convention held
here to-day was a most harmonious
one. The candidate representing Sen
ator Bard in ttfe Assembly fight was
nominated by" Acclamation. He was in
dorsed for the nomination by Major
briffill, the defeated candidate, who
had stood at the late primaries for Hen
ry T. Oxnard. "- a; -
As delegates from the Eightieth Dis
trict, which Is that outside the city,
the committee named eight a3 fellows:
E. S. Babcock, Coronado; J. C. Barger,
Ramona; F. M. Jennings.- San Vlcinte;
Joseph Hutchlnson, Imperial; Percy
Johnson, Fallbrook; A. D. Doran. Es
condido; W. D. Munger, Deepsea, and
"W. A. Doran, San ilarcoa.
The names of tha delegates from tht
Seventy-ninth District, which are to"*)*
voted upon by the peopls Inside the
city at the primaries August 9, wera
then selected. They are: D. C. Col
lier,. V. E. Shaw, F. TV. Stearns, W. T.
Blak», W. F. Abrahams, F. W. Barnes,
D. Gochenauer and Carl L Ferrys. •
The chairman of tha committee vnm
empowered to fill any vacancies occur
ring in the delegation from the Elgh-.
tieth District before tha conventioa
convenes.
SAX DIEGO, July CO.— The Kepubli-'
can County Central Committee met
this afternoon In the chambers of the
Board- of Delegates at. the City Hall.
There were present between thirty-five
and forty members. The main matter
for the consideration of the committee
was the naming of the delegates from
the Seventy-ninth and Eightieth As
sembly districts to the State and Con
gressional conventions.
. • fox the Coming
Primaries.
Ventura Republicans
Nominate Bard's
Candidate.
Three-Gornered'.Fight
for Toga Grows
Interesting.
SENATORIAL BATTLE IN SOUTHLAND
CAUSES SOME LIVELY SKIRMISHING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY .31. 1904.
24
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
not show the original signa-
ture of the individual volunteering the tes-
timonial below, and also of every testimo-
nial among the thousands which they are
constantly publishing attesting the superior
curative properties of their several medi-
cines, and thus proving the genuineness
and reliability of all the multitude of testi-
monials volunteered by grateful people, in
their behalf.
World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE. REASON.— There is no medicine
equal to Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery, for purifying the blood. It carries
off the poisons which contaminate the life
fluid. It increases the activity of the
blood-making glands and gives the body
an increased supply of pure, body-building
blood. It builds up the body with sound,
healthy flesh instead of flabby fat, pro-
motes the appetite, feeds the nerves, and
so gives to weak, nervous people vitality
and vigor.
"About a year aco I. had a very bad congb
atrd feared it would run into consumption,"
writes Hon. Geo. W. Lynch, of 17 Mason Street-
Worcester, Mass. "When a severe attack of
coughing would come on vomiting 1 would set in.
Matter accumulated in nose and my tonsils
were irritated. After reading of the wonderful
cures resulting from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discover* beg^n to use it, with some doubts
as to the good it would do me, I am frank to
say. But, after I had used one bottle I noticed
ouite a change for the better. Ordered five more
bottles and before I had used them all the cure
was complete. There is not now a trace of
couRh or cold in my system and my health is
perfect."
¦ To gain knowledge of your own body — in
sickness and health— send for the People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. A book
of 1008 pages. Send 21 cents in stamps for
paper-covered, or, 31 stamps for cloth-
bound copy. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, 663
Main Street, Buffalo; N. Y.
APVEBTISESIEXTS.
§0RQ5I|
SHOES
Advanced Fall Tan
Sorosis Tan Health Leather
I Blucher Oxford, welted sole,
J Cuban lice!; the very latest ad-
| vanced fall style. Sizes I to 9,
widths AAA to EE. tf "2 Qg\
Price 4*0. DU
There are numerous possi-
bilities in dress and many
points of view from which to
study its excellence.
The best effect is obtained
only by wearing the best arti-
cles. SOROSIS SHOES have
a refined, pleasing appearance,
because they are the best in
quality and shape.
We ?lso hav* the style, as
shown here, "ta vici kid and
patent leather. Price ff7 Cfl
Only to be had at
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR
216 Post St.
ROYAL SHOE STORE
.-;"?. 50 Third St
5 MERCHANT TAILORS,
J 622 Market Street.
1 Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel.
I SAN FRANCISCO.
i Novelties in Imported Wear.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xs the only cure for Nervous and
BrouckUJ ASTZTKA,.-
Tour Druncist or at 838 HAIGHT ST..
£&n Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' " y -v&. *¦•¦•.¦¦ ¦ 't-^'V** " " '' *<'¦'.* - t^£&Kto£ki£&
•.. ¦ ..-V-. .-.¦¦¦. \ .... ¦/ • - ..".•¦-¦¦ . '<&$**£*&*&
..';¦''. .'..--H-i, "¦ ¦' ' t3wJ5*7*|A|
.::">: '. . : "^ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ " . . : £ ! m t <¦ "A
I tell you that a man can «taad a
whole lot of pain when it Is in an arm
or a leg or even in tha head, but when
a pain begins to locate about the heart,
it takes the nerve of a lion to fight
against it. I am a pioneer— -I am not
a boy by any means, as my picture above
will show, and nyjst of Iny.life I have
been a mighty healthy man— a doctor
bacKin Ohio about sixty ye^rs ago told
me that I was going to die Quite young
of heart disease. Poor doctor, he has
been dead many a year now, and here
I am. strong and well.
Sometime ago I was attacked by rh»u-
matism. I did not pay .much attention
to it until it began to settle around nay
heart. It began to cut my breath short;
then I thought it about time to do some-
thing. I had little faith In any medical
treatment for such a trouble and fortu-
nately about this time I heard of th»
Electro-Chemic treatment.
I went to the Electro-Chemlo Instl-*
tute. 118. Grant avenue, and the special-
ists promptly found out what ailed m«>,
and I was so pleased with the thorough
mrfnner in which I was examined that
I at once began the Electro-Cheinlo
treatment.
I took the treatment Just cn« month,
and in that short time, at a small ex-
pense, I. was thoroughly cured. Jly pain
is all gone, my rheunvittsrb is cared ai\d
I feel stronser and better in every way.
I have lived at Colma. California, just
outside of San Francisco, for thirty-
seven years. I was Postmaster fop
twelve years. Notary Public for fourteen
years and chairman of the Board of Su-
pervisors for four years. My name i.i
Jacob Bryan. an«l I wish to recommend
the Eleotro-Chemie treatment to all suf-
ferers simply because froqj rny own ex-
perience 1 b«*lieve it to b** better thaa
any other. Any one. no matter what
I their trouble, may be. will bo given a
• thorough pxaminatlon ami free trial
j treatment, providing thu case is a cur.i-
I ble one — many rnses that nre incurable
j by meilirines are promptly eurrd by
Electro-Chemistry. Consumption. Ca-
tarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. Deafness.
Running Ears. Painful Ears. Ringing
Head ar.«l Ear Noises, Rheumatism. Stiff
Joints. JE\"i in in i:::ck and Kidneys. N.-u-
ralgia. Dizziness. Falling SIcknes*. Lo-
comotor At.ixia. Paralysis. Piles. Fistula.
Diarrhoea. Constipation. Stomacli. Liver
and Uowel Diseases. ErigM's Dfnease,
Diabetes. Inilammation of tb** Dltf.liler.
Prnstatlc Disease. Stricture, Contracted j
Disorders. Specific Dlood Contagion. Er-
zema. Bolls. Pim;»les. Ulcers. Enlargitl
•und Pa'.nfu* Olanrts, Goitre. Nervous De-
bility. Ii»»' ..inia. Night Restlessness. Bad
Dreams. Nlsnt Horrors. Nerve Exhaus-
tion. Muscular and Physical Weakness.
Unnatural Weakness in the Aged. Spe-
cial Diseases of Women — Irregularities, :
Tumors, Displaced Organs — Painful Pe-
riods. Barrenness, *te. — all those serious
diseases are quickly, permanently and
cheaply cured by Electro-Chemistry.
Those who cannot visit the Institute for
examination should write for home ex-
amination ami treatment. A complete
Electro-Chemic apparatus is loaned free
o? charge to outside patients. There
ar* private and retired apartments for
ladies and gentlemen. Everything U
t;uiet and pleasant. T'.ie Electro-
l Chemif Treatment is painless — quite
j a mimb»r of babies nre now taking it
anil grettir:jc well — children of :>11 atrea
take it without a murr/nrr ; The' office
hours art- from nine to five anil sev^n
to c\sht daily. ;ind from ten to one on
Sundays. The Electro-Chemic Institute
Lls the place. Don't forget the name, and
it is located at IIS Grant avenue, corner
¦)f Post street, San Francisc*
• ADVERTISEMENTS. 'vf' - - ,. . ' r ...¦'¦
¦ » ¦ ¦ ."'¦.. ,-..._
Because we have doubled our warehouse space and are now adding twenty-four thousand square feet of floor room to our store, it" is necessary al- Q
most to double our furniture output. And to do this we have cut the deposits and the payments you will have to make to the lowest possible per cent, g
And in prices, this week we have cut every iron and every brass bed on our floors. These are the necessities in every home. H
Enamel Bed, $L80 Enamcl Bcd » Wirc Fabric Couch, $1.65 g , ' V Brass Bail I
f^0^PiT^y^ i&±.SffJS;ffi
l/..T"f.^.. k : ::::::: $l-8Q['!^!^:. to ;.v;"::: $3.65|week lc .... ! ?:...*" $1.65 bi^ ff ?::! h ".:::: k $5.85 1
Butterfly Bed, $1L25 frnn,.Jt Rt^^ Rpfl > Brass Bed, $17.75 Carnegie Steel Couch,: $6.25 1
"' 1 -'~-^^^ »^ made soft enough for a baby and H
*> t ™ru-. r- 1 d j ' ' will l ast a lifetime. It Is the very fa
Si5 Large \V hue Lnarnel Bed $28.50 Solid Brass Bed— Heavily $31.50 Brass Beds— i%-inch thing for heavy people or for I
with brass spindle. Head and foot l acqt:cr€( l, guaranteed finish; a posts, 63 inches high. A massive rough usage. This week the 8|
wrought in butterfly \1 1 OS simple, elegant de- ?«'1/ i »7C bed a * about half <T1»7«7C price is <££ OC 1
design. This week. »pil»LiJ sign 4>lfl./3 price 451/. iD )0.LJ I
tt n|(t Drrl ORIENTAL COUCH COVERS — In beautiful colorings. Three yards long by Di*ti'vc Rorl H
f I , n tuJJ »*^*»» 60 Inches wide; fringed on ends and sides, and either side can be used. /^Tt'ffinW^ l»ra*o JJCU, H
-ry-f. , . y ' 524 50 "Will make an old couch look like new. They are a special value at their U I 1 1 1 III 1 1 X!\k 'Jfl H
I h>u-s.^v regular price of $3.00 each, but they are now on sale, while ep -t C/\ Ilffftlff I «p«w.»JV H
j^_^ j Si ,fl lhey last> for 4>l.jU ' /^fflfHfif¥FF\ B
£Aj3& ii, &\ TtTTTf "QUICK-SKBAi" STEEL B.ANGE — The only scientific Range ever made. Wik=J^fe^_Jd a H
*?*: < /¦» <] J_ : Lined with asbestos to keep the heat in; the flame directed by draughts f^r x>^^-^ ii '^~tr -« H
''- v ~^- i . • ~ 'r-'-i^« \JtCT&--z-* to play straiBht apair.st thf oven; the oven made- in one piece "to prevent ¦• Ji N
I ~- ~~' J *£ZZ£&!?? i Lx>. Zfc "tgl? ii ! '¦ warping; and the damper never in contact with tlie heat. Yet no costlier V'wil^&t^JcMiLf"' L > t al ! 1 I wk H
£***-»*. j^* iff Xjife: ' ft than a common stove - Sold as low as <C9Q fifi K^^^f"^^®^ ' i!S H £g I i
j $24.50 CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST SX. This wee * $38.50 I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
)mm J Vand Printing
«LQOT- prices
WMr^^W^ SPECIALTY
V $*Ur : •'¦/$¦¦» i?»*" you've novor
\vfr?-; : :f'*'\£~i'-x£ plven me an order
YJ&fB"-y-^e "t, for Kodak Devel-
vwgap?* <?V%» oping and Print-
ing. Send me a
*oB \^g5^*g£- ' • trial order now.
¦— •fN[-^ You'll be pleased
f^ Itr la- "" and will- send
S; a t K" ??¦ . again and again. Every-
u?^»<r'" body -likes my work and
my prices.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of Six lOo
Roll of twelve ............. . ... .15o
„ - PRINTING:
Solio finish. 3o to 5o
Velox finish .....'...3c to 60
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS— In
all popular sizes and popular prices.
AHSCO CAMEEAS-In all regular
sizes. Also— .
CYKO PHOTO PArEB— Prints by
artificial light. •
Cameras repaired at moderate
prices.
Order by mall if you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET;^pp. Fifth.
> „¦ . ¦ BAN FRAJJCISCO. .¦.,.¦, ? . ...The unfortunate peddler deplored
tearfully the loss of his sto^k of goods,
which he was bringing home to serve
to his patrons on Monday, the de
struction of his wagon, on which he
relies for earning his livelihood. Q
Pucci says that no warning bell was
rung, and his claim is borne out by
many of the passengers. The motor
man claims that he rang the bell, but
that he came upon the wagon so sud
denly that it was impossible to check
the speed of the car in time to avoid
the collision.
As N. Pucci, an Italian fruit ped
dler, was driving across II st^et^at
the corner of Nineteenth avenue *at
X:4Z o'clock last evening car No. 1302,
returning: from the Cliff -House,
crashed Into his -wagon, smashing it
and throwing the driver tcrthe ground.
PuccJ was Feverely shocked, but man
aged to reach his home at J street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty-sec
ond, with the assistance of bystanders.
He was shaken up and bruised, but
apparently suffered no worse injury.
His fruit and vegetables, with •svhich
the wagon was loaded, were strewn
over a wid<* area and ruined.
Victim Thinks Warning Was Xot
Given, bat Motormnn Saj-s
It Was.
BEACH vAR STRIKES
ITALIAN nilJIT PEDDLER
Harriman recently sent severa 1 of his
auditors to Los Angeles to look Into
the affairs of the Salt i^ake road and
an auditor of the Southern Pacilic
Company was also put to work in an
effort to straiphten out litigation in
which the corporation recently became
involved in this city. The Interest
which Chief Engineer Hood of the
Southern Pacific Company has been
taking in the completion of the Clark
road is said to have also stirred up
much bitter feeling among those who
have been standing by J. Roes Chirk
and kindled the flame for dissension
that now threatens to bring about an
upheaval In Los Angeles. While Har
riman has a large interest in the road,
Senator Clark is its president and ap
parently purposes to brook no inter
ference from Harriman or any one else
la the management of the big project]
When a reporter attempted to inter
view the Senator on the reported trou
bles last evening hfe pleaded an engage
ment and hurried from the hotel.
SE.VATOR'S IRK AROUSED.
U is no longer a secret that E. II.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific
Cchnpany is exercising a wonderful in
fluence in the affairs of the new road
and, so ihe story goes, he has learned..
througb his own officials, that th£
management of the road b/ J. Ross
Oark, during the .absence of Senator
Clark, has not been satisfactory to
those who are inclined to fully appre
ciate the interest Harriman has in the
corporation. Thope who opposed J.
Roes' Clark sided with Gjitbon and
a he? Senator Clark arrived in Los An*
gele» it is said that he found a wide
breach existing between his brother
pugd his followers and Gibb'-n and his
followers. Naturally sympathizing
with his relative, Senator Clark jis said
to have openly declared at a confer
ence of the officials 'of the road that if
those who were opposed to J. Ross
Clark did £t>t imm -liately sue for
peace there w<juld be a number ot
changes and tne retort from those to
whom thir remark was apparently di
rected was: 'Go ahead and make
them.**
Having made a statement in New
York regarding his marriage and re
reat-d It in Butte City and later in
l«os Angeles, the Se.-j.tor said last
night that he could not suggest any
further information concerning the af
fair and strongly intimated that he
sraa a bit ti^ed of discussing his fam
ily affairs through the press.
Following closely on the arrival of
the S' "jator here yesterday came a
story from Los Angeles to the effect
that a shake up among the depart
mental officials of the Salt Lake road,
of which he is president, is expected
very soon. According to the report
from the south, when Senator Clark
reached Los Angeles he four.d the of
ficials of the Salt Lake road greatly
disturbed over a conflict which had
been going on among them for sume
time. He promptly institute an in
vestigation, which quickly developed
•the fact that Second Vice President J.
Ross Clark, a brother of the senator,
and Third Vice President T. E. Gib
bon, were at loggerheads and thai-, sub
ordinate officers at the road were tak
ing sides with the two vice presidents.
HARRIMAX'S HAXD SHOW.V.
OFFICIALS ARE AT TAR.
United States Senator W. A. Clark
r>f Montana, who has been inspecting
Ilia railroad Interests in Southern Cali
fornia, arrived in this city last night
and Is staylns at the Palace HoteL
s'ince^ his last visit to San Francisco
the Senator's Becret marriage abroad
three years ago to bis young: .jvard has
been formally announced and provoked
much conuL^t. Apparently the fact
is not causing the copper magnate
ranch pc easiness, ccv he has beccnie ac
customed to seeing his name In prlntr
If his relatives and most Vntixnate
friends are correct in their statements,
he Is greatly relieved ever the final
publicity of the secret -which he and
his wife had successfully kei>t so long.
Senator dark. In explaining thS
secrecy of his marriage, saj A It "was
pimply part of a. pHn, in -which his vrife
acquiesced. In broer to permit her to
purs*, a her studies abroad without the
annoyance oi notoriety which natural
ly would have followed the announce
ment at an earlier date. Mrs. Clark
and her child are still abroad, but the
remits year will probably find her
back in New York, occupying the pala
tial residence of the Montana million
aire, which he has col pleted and fur
nished regardless of expense.
R Equally Reticent v Con
r.'i'niiijr Troubles Among
Salt Lake Road Officials
U1IGES FAMILY, PRIVACY
31 Ul ioiiai re Senator l From
Montana Refuses to Dis
cuss His Secret' M^rriosre
CLARK SILENT
ON ALL TOPICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1901.
25
I " "l ' ' i" ' ' ' T\ — r — -— '^ W * yWWW *
* Lawn Alower, cisy-runmng, has 3 Ji #•**«-*<£*# The Music ,.' - w A Liberal TT&Ste* IMfXJUJ White Pearl Buttons, pure white,
tf D.accs, c/.inder style, ratchet £tr%r- **KWgMU&& 77^771 -rftu ««Hj|l'' . fjf ' v \ T ' Suburban the sorts x^'li use hundreds of a
*t ing. gocPJ cutter, chppc ol ic^r 12 Er**0±m*%m P JfS Jk< f * ., M^m.mmmWBmmmm c y c "* l6 ' l8 » 2O » 22 and 2 4 ; f>^
I ,nch £ iz C . . . •. . a*} q- K.very moy , d to y^ r r y^ /Jr^a*^ u^yhA * g 'm &&*• Pelivery *BBW ai*y i»e, «rdof2do>». . .
I ...... ,..$2.95 Dep , t m£, Dep't .. n . su ,^^,^
K -Qas StO7e, nipke! plated, z burneri, „ ... Of the second 'CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST* ¦-'* ¦.¦ l |||iiminr* t^^^*^*""'^ clties we Under ths derated cafe balbriggan, well made, joe vaiues,
£ up-to-date style, 'laveigas, s^ei " aS sometnm R t0 floor— large r _— aSf^SS^SSS^^^^^ - liver at CUSt °' and band stTad wKl be for thij » !e ' garment . . . **©_
g : work ana worry, burns blu= flame; offer in this sale, quarters, better. ~2WgJgpsSS»»**- 9 -^ GRANDESTJSTORR mer> sewn door- 0?enri {or hasin . n y{oTi . ... S> ...... .&'&&
% $t.69 w^inc^w?-- . . . £1—^ scrj^i b « i^^Tt^^r^r
j: -2 -,_-£_iU- 1£ ne 5 fly everything <J_ in the Emporiujwith iu P 9«erL,^ri F «, dSed and fignred
$ Writing Tablets. Sr pen ind ink. needed in the home §^B^ €§ TB^l^Wk Sd^ ® %/$T§'W'litTI'#Il£*& bewifa new- mai^a-y effeer.. $i^o vzluc .,. KK n
| packet ?r letter size, good or for personal use, Wjlf&MlA r "£l£P$ydll@J fU%)rilllM£Ii3{$ T* kri3iiat -^ ' C
j* qualicy pacer for school, each *0** . - . * ¦* uganas »n<i attractrre .,
V wrapping^saodwiches and ke C rTig ¦, & . L ¦ , :"* A^i J r - t^ i_ . .„ x, . length, regular 7 5-c.-^iaI> |-p--y
•JJ lunches fresh, package . ~ Another^great assortment of ngw items ready for to^morrov/^ shoppers, and if the store is as crowded $». -°w .... - r .&*&
Jf ...... .\ . . .&G w{ih eager buyers this coming , week, as it was during the last six days, it will be but a short time before all — : ' '
% Em broken lines, all surplus stocks, and all belated shipments of this season's goods, will be sold out. and every- u^^^^l^^^Z^
| rp^^reS^g^;f^^ki|i,^ thing in shipshape for fall business. . «yi«, S oc "it^^Tt
* The absolute reliability of The Emporium as a shopping place is demonstrated lust as sorely when '^'^'''^ ''"*'
j ket, j7\ir ~ . . . q, . . . SSC ' we are conducting a great sale as at any other time. Our money- back guarantee goes at a'l time*. SOO MbbOMiS 23 C
$ 3 ; 'f§- K-ffi C^ ° *- ; ° o Alarce broken line, 5- '
* VVomcn's Oxfords — A delated O © ¦ inch Satin Taffeta |g - w^r^
| o^: vi^ ~^ Belayed Shipment 50g Lawn Dress Yokes 27c f^^S^^m
t; tops pa tent M^gm . Nearly 1000 of this season's stylish Dress Yokes arrived by express Saturday, and, beginning Mod- plain . c< *> rs - su <* as §§§£^31
% d?cm ' F : r P e77; ° da V» wil1 be added to the clean-up sale at about hall price. These pretty yokes are made of a sheer scarict tiffi*]
J? hee; 8 , worth^^ o solid color lawn, with hand .faggotti.ig between the lawn stripes, forming an insertion. The colors and a Vew pinks and 5^^p
*: pair . . .0*4 fan are white, pink, blue, black, L and white and black. Vcr^ stylish, up to date and regularly light blues, added to
%t . ii. . . . .* . . . . «P*«e?«i# ? 50c each— clean-up sale price - - - -\- - - -^#Cr the dean-uo sale begin- q a
J. I . ° u " ' ning Monday, per yard &&**
i wfff S^ s Wonderful Clean-Up of Women's Furnishings j a manufacturer**
j: C loan-Up ¦ *+*'-*¦ -, ° o -- n Curtain Samples
I W^^^^MM Deeper Price-Guts in Tailor Suits and Dresses i^mm^ijid
%> the loom; buck, garnet, cardinal, navy, royal a „ ,, / * /7> ning tO-morrOW moming, a man-
x; brown, reseda, un, mode, caetor, gray, pink, £&£^zzz^ '"j. //«€? "^ )eeR ' s enormov* ousi- fiS*^ ufacturer's display samples and
» ro$e f sky.nile, livender, hciio, etc., sold \^ y W4z£&£, /~£^\ ?ieSS Itl the Handsome SeCOttd J*&&S^ ° Jfl iC**VflL^ droprW patterns of whit:, ecra and Arabian lace
r;2:;;; t!! :: i " M .3Sc '^f'WfS^ «% ,4/% /«"• departments, devoted to p% x^^l^^N ;"st s , 5 '.th,,i + 4rvr,«;: H " >3 «
f Imported Novelty Drt$$ Fabrics- Valuta up f-JTl ¥ jVf T WOtnetl S and children 'S ap- yr^/T M s/f Lot », worth 3? Kc, for. .. #Oe«ch
t: to fj.oo th= yard; camel,- hair a? d ribeUne wdr^ \zJ par el, has necessitated the ad- y^K*>ZjL J Igs^^^wK JSr Lot 2 » worth 75'Cfcr. . . . 39o e«h
J. novelty er7ec«, tweeds, tailor «ui:ings, ms- jS^N^ .S^I r -j ' j T j /^^^^V^l^ 8 /?Ui«\^ _»J:VfaS\^^ Lot 3, worth Ji tor 7 Jo each
* lange effects, and voUet; clean-up price, per O dltlOHS Of ma?lV HCZU llUCS tO / 5 '"
i- yard C.56O •#§?M^« /^fS:5PK i^ 2«/^r«/ 2W ///<? bi^ k^<^^9^T\ W/li^i 1C0 P t irs Uce Curtains ~ Wh;:r< ecm and
Imported Dres, Material,- V,lu« up to $-..25 S /iWW'i / / "? r \ j- JJ 7 X WiT \^^ &BS®T O0*rn Arab^n, novelty and Brusjds d«i S n S , cable
j: ykfe; French voiles and Etamines, Crepe de /i^W^^l \ / jW^Wm • disregarded tO JI L\ T\ "^ netting,, , to 6 p.«fll B », wor^, J3.00 n
a^ Paru, and imported scotch suitings; dcar-wp A^oJulff /. 'l\ |\ /*r >r I '?• '?5^m' immediate clearance. . . fv /K «v I I / 7??f 4 J 75 Pir> §t*7Q
I AiUw'ooJ EflmVe Canva,'-B:Ick oni}!^ lySi O°l7\ I I WM^iiiltl H Bi^S er and better bargains A ff f^w\ / ' II "^ HT
.JJ value, cleanup p:ice, yard. . . . 29© ' \ » A\\ 1^)1 ever this Week. W\\ \\ \\\ U© ) ClCan-Up
i m^ZT7Z~Zri 71 >i^^\ S?^^BV7«^K|^/ ) 42c knee length Flannel Petticoats, jj ' \\ V Vffl Oriental foods' Curtains, Coach
f SlSk GsQ^STB" SJS3 *i3Z-& I q "5 3^ r iA#' 'mmMW 4/ now " 29 ° ll' V^i C^ vcr3 » Tab: = Covers, Cushion Covcu,
tt , * * *Dre3& ( »|'l ", V, /fff y$WLwwXmS0' $1.50 Rippled Eiderdown Sacqucs. i'_ J\L D^l Mantel Drapes,
:&: 60c BIzck Taffeta — 19 inches wide, all pure ;> l»A/ « "QW 85c . -Tjrfl-^inntB^.fl I k|HCP^ Formerlv <i m rn e.«««^.K
J 8 lk, etan-ugpriee, yard". . .p...37o //^Z° |u| pf 1^^^ I - 3S Rippkd Eidcrdown SacRMCS ' L " 1 1 IP^ Formerly . to j^ooo nch
Foulard Silks-LustrousfinU^maUde- f| 0 H ™ > !JW * itodown' ' Sac^f/ \ \ \9 "© Now ..." 7ffo .to W.OO «ch
!i cfalu%",°;ard Om {Ij { j 0 « ow ? a** . OUT I \ . ' (r F^urcd SilKolinc - B«t quality, vari.
j J. " - jivlll '"i i S^S Rippled Eiderdown Sacque?, Children's Tucked Muslin Drawers, lu I \ R ety of colon; ind patterns, formerly
| k° 5Cc Vhite Corded Habutai— A pretty iilk fab^ / £'/ il \ now I#3 9 size s o, I, 2, 3, 15c; 4, s, 6, 7 at. .18c f \\ \ \ ffl, izj^c yard, now Yq
I *t ric that washes perfectly, and gives except /'/?;il([i •? i/ \ ye c Flannelette Kimonas (light Or 5OC Styles Women's Muslin Drawers I \ \ \ f M l * ce Door P*ne!$— Heavy netting, motif
;,„« wear; clear^^ price, yard <; . .... 37O uPm] <\°<§ K dark^ 42C i ...-39C O\\\ \ 1 V ,5«nter,
j* _ r , WMlkiuTi IV ?5c Tennis Flannel Kimonas, all 60c styles Women's Muslin Drawers o H \ * l.\ Formerly. .{¦•-;*» 5x-5Q, $»-oo
*: This Sewmtf © /^flffl hi JI sizes 59c • ° . \y) . .. 5gj« f<MI L-,».
J Machine, $16.85 /T Iff H ilia \J\ $r -°° Bat Wing Tennis Kimonas. 75 \^^^^^^^ °V WV ¦ "^ 5 °°
J W C gosirivciy guarantee this machine Vi,//|/y,i\V « "?^?^^^^^^^^Si-fe-^ Vj I ? ) ¦ ; Get ReatiV fOr
I for^ years. It is from one of the r#i Ml/ |..j|A * 7Sc Bat Wing- Lawn Kimonas.,.. 35c o q ...; ..........33c L "% -
»; best known makers in America, and | Jjj fe^ 65c Children's Lawn Dresses, now 48c $1.00 styles lace trimmed Drawers. 88c O "" ( % Sfm LOUIS
:¦* with thei^namc on it will cost more § IOQ Children's N^Qsook and Lawn 60c styles Women's Lace Trimmed O .* - ,'^Our en\^rcre A trunk f?^-
'¥ th?n double our regular price. O Dresses .V 72c <#>wns 42c • orf Vk a
i G Women s Nainsook Chemise, tucked and trimmed with lace. 4**10 Wash Wais®— Grouped into three lot© pietty percales, India> lawns, fine g artm f ni on . in^, SeconQ
*: ,--^8^=^^- — be belted in at waist. . $1.50 styles .....&lmlO whi y ma dras, etc; j values up to $i.7S each; marked for thistle, HOOr (necessitated DV the
*, _^>v. Women s Gowns, round and square neck styles, nainsook and muslin . __. _*- l*o« r.^^;^ inn-Mca «<; V,i,r-;««^^\
* g^^^^^kgg^^^^^^g^.^^ gowns, neatly trimmed in laces and Persian effects— $1.00, $1.25 ° . J8O, 59C, &JO » apiU lUCrea5e Ol DUSlneSSJ
*: aild ? r -5o styles— ' o The Great Suit Sa/o '¦ is now in shape, and there
V te^^SSS^gB^^^ ¦ S&C, tfiSC, Zf&C O Tailored Dresses ai5-J Suits— Several good styles in Etamines Alack, blue yOU Will find the most
K i^^ils*? S^SSfe^ ijc styles \\omen-s Muslm Knee Petticoats, lace trimmed 69c and gray— formerly sold at $37-50, $35-oo and $32.50— arc brought for- ] QJ . Hi^nli\' nf fr-avAl
£* : A**^^ll^ Sr.38 Women's Muslin Knee Petticoats, lace trimmed 98c ward this week to strength^ up the line at this price. Every suit a <~Uinu.^ie uibpidV VI travel
V lpSiii e //Jf\^Vi4^^ $2.50 styles Women's Muslin Petticoats, lace and tucked ..$2.18° choice style; Wonderful values in the lot; regularly &4JI Qf% injl equipments tO be found
* . /Sir^^^f /O»43 \k Sample line Women s Petticoat?, values up to 57.oo, at $3.95 0 $_> o .oo to" $37.50; sale yricc nPM**m&Ur : n ? f ul r ; r .
?¦ i^~*3^«« lij^fTa $I '' 5 Icrcenz cd Sateen Petticoats, black and white stripes ...° 95c „ .. _ _, , . • 1 * •? jf ui 1 .1 ¦ -'
ff sT\ ' *» XmnUfW ?rso Mercerized Shepherd Plaid Petticoats at $1 10 Tailor Presses— Black ctammes. eton jacket «mts and'navy blue clotlls,
I &^rt^Or^Xwt^^J/ Small lots black Mercerized Sateen Petticoats— " " in e->pn or jacket suits, $16.50, $20.00 and $2 0 .oo val- tell e=r^^=^^^^^^P^^sn
k UP.'VifnviT 'Apfe^TriS « w ,u «. *. l ' c ?. nnw M at one price - *r m «* » T ** r !S[^lv ;: "'^ ¦^ c^'? !^^SSfi^»ra«
f •- F«ra )lir ! i VVorth $^s Tailor Guits-Fancv r inures nnveltv woolens, black and naw alpacas, Hfe^S^^rM
|: h . Id ? alc P ri « ; •. .•••51.35 $i-45 $1.58 !?" nc . r . Iy . ? .l 7 ; 50 :.^!; 5^ $9*75 :^^^^
| t C N^^ Children's $3.90 Mohair and Serge Sailor'siiits '.'.'."$2.45 BoaiLliful COWHS Reduced ||j^^<K^;"? ; .T*^P^^^i^^^a
I K ., , , r, . 1, 0- Women's $1.50 Vlannclctte Wrappers, braid and epaulette trimmed. .$1.10 $4^.00 Pink Crepe d*- Chine Evening Gown $27.50 }&£^&<i*'^'' '¦'&%&» JZ&JP&Za
I* Uc call it th: '<Go;dcn Rule. It is Women s $1.25 Flannelette Wrappers, cut long and full 98c $60.00 Nile Green Crepe do Chine Evening Gown, $^.50 fc^-*-^^
V high grade in cv«?ry respect. Has Children's Caps and Bonnets, half price 27c to $2.50 $17^.00 Old Rose French Brillia'.rtin e Evening Guvvn S42.50 9^^''^ rr^X^V^,i3^^ f '^
* b: "i - bearin" drive wheel which children s Wash Dresses, half price, qSc values 49c $75^00 and $6j.;o White and Pink Crepe .ie Chine Gown $42.50 =a^ s^*«^^ffl K^^
Jk* make* it run verv easilv Comrj'ete fi^uc °1 Nemo Corsets— worth up to $3.00, now 95CT) $100.00 Demi-costi«me, tan. French Etamine, now ..,$75.00, "^"^
» mM. .. t mn very easily. v,omp.ete Wash Skirts— Grouped into six lots— made of white pique, polka dot Rus-^ $100.00 Demi-costtnae of cream white Etamine ..$75.00 a rood canvas covered Trunk as
y Vith 8;1 attachments. While quan. sian duck, cotton cheviots, linens, novelty mixtures, etc., worth PorTjee Skirts— Now reduced one-half regular prices— a few odd pieces u ,,": r t+^ fl*f ?«« ? c+r,™
K titykst! Monday jfetfj* *%& . double the sale prices— now, each only, in even length pongee skirts, very full accord- &IZ Ml - musiraiea, nat xop, • sxraps,
i only ' • ipi&m83 38o, 58c, 78c, $1.28, $1.68, $1.78 ¦ ion pleated, were $ii'. 5 o and $10.00, now $6.25 and linen faced orass lock, strong
** 1 * * ' ' ' ' • • o ¦ f.-» - ¦¦ ' -'^ . corner bumpers, 3-t-inch size .
I Qo-Cart, a aiding one, perforated A Mighty Clean-Up Wlo\ ?mcrt in Amazing Clean-Up Values in @ * ' s \ x ' c ' " s * ' t) f*y 50
I finens, Wash Goods, Bedding Ghinaware antl Kitchcnvsare s/Sf^-jS
£ . . r rp&m a %&^ These goods are remainders of largz stocks and 94 inrh cir* </? Ml
£ ~ Some values for the clean-up sale that Positively — : — . 24-incn Size . . .... • 2>O.UU
%' ~ T- . , , ... 73 \ '7 \ . (r/ , a few lines that 7ve are overstocked in. We regret .
V Bath Cabinet, ihc Emporium vapor cannot be duplicated at much more than their reduced — ; —^r ~ -— -it Hnmmock Soecial 80-indi cottoa
»•* hath with new heating an - r ,, T^ VS Ma/ -ye have n&£ large quantities of each line, so as nammocK apecia, •«•«« ww«
k » bath c.binet, with new heating ap- @ Pricey BM all surplus stocks and small lots must tro. 0 ~ ! O rr , hammock, pretty ctHonngt, pillow
i t£. paratui, : superior to f^y on t#e % ** — to satisfy all comers for a week. If you want any of atfd concealed iprcadcr tt head,
I mark « * $3.50 No carrred-over goods here. , Q fef/ Qnday or Tuesdaj , m deep valance. value QQ Q
! g * * :* %* " . Fine Table Damask — Gferman make, mercerized damask, a solid case that we ». *- L „ ,., > a^L™- Vc o rn j r ® • ." V " *~
i -~ -—7^ 7 find inourr Ci erveroom; it i, fully 7 z Jnche, wide, satin fin«hed and was $l.?5..set fott'S sad iron, (5 $2^.50 Iw^d frame wnngrg, .With ¦— .
J Hot Water Bottles, nrst-oass good priced 75c a yard, we have marked it for a clcan-up sale ARc pieces) • **O rollers ... $1. 69 $1.00 Hair Brush, «olid back, pure
* 60tS b °qu'« 'Z'^'^JT' »>«cb.d D^K-Anchcr .urplu, ca.c of b§£3 damaik. in ncai fig" d Odds and ends in blue anc I wh| te doubl C -coated enameled wire- ™\ "69C
j UUU, 4 ' /5 • - GfrggQ effects; it is 58 inches wide, and a great opportunity for thrifty buyers at the 4-qiiart 60c Sauce pan,? • JUO SOc tea or COttee pots . • . 59c
x clean-up price, yard ". : ggf* 5-quart 70c- sauce pans - 44o 90c tea or coffee pots.. . G7o t ¦ .
I FKa**h£fU9*B Bleached Napkins-Made in Germany, full mercerized; 20 inches square, big 75c genuine Parker box coffee mills for . .... . .¦§. . . . 48o andfmldrat! thh '« S
tf ¦ *¦" •¦¦••"¦ *^ value at $1.75 a dozen, now . . ....... .-t,.. . $1.1Q Gas Stove Kettles— Enameled double bottom — ;oat collars, laundered, £Sf}g%
* G8f*Z*M-RMKM Dice NipklM-Keacbed, lolid weave, *6 ' inche. square, good for breakfast and fruit use, 75c 2-qUgrt size ... . • • 59o 90c 3-quart size .... 76O -75c kind &UG
j: ® *jpB*S4*aa-Wlj* \ dottn _ _ v _ ' y ....... ........... 4.5c ® " $1.00 4-quart size . . . S2o : X.
ti $ 2 3. 50 Extension Tables.. $16m85 Wash NOV0ttlO8—Ovci 100 pieces beit yarn mercerized luiting zephyri, some in $2.00 hardwood folding wringer bench . . 25c bread knife. 12o PitAffOMOe i IMtmvKS
'v *ZOOoFx*ensionTable« $14 65 WC * V "' * U 8 °° d StylC$t nCVCr idd '^"ly^der »5«= y»rd, clean-up f/%-, $1.48 .$1.00 casing S et, B?O LIQUOrS
% Szo.oohx.ensioniabie. . jf^.Od pnce ; _/ tUC 51.25 3-shelf comer bracket . . . .75c so^knife and fork box«. . ._,-. ?38o Extra Values for
jf $ 2 7. 00 Extension Tables . $/ 9m50 Voile Etamines— In evening shades al*o black, just unpacked, always 20c a yard, but m^ % i 25c cedar moth powder, per box . . . 10o loc^hardwood coit hanger . .i '. . W5O( Monday and Tuesday
IJf 5 35.O.O Child's Brass Cx\b$23.50 thi, case for the clean-up u!c Y ® fdC *oc ostrich feather duster ..... BO 2 S c poplar rolling pin, .. .... . Jg O Hams- B«t Eastern sugar cured, for the two'
rg ?4- 00 Full Size Wooden Bcu^ . . . . Outing FUnntls-The heary lolid weave, for nice un^eVwear, .kirt*, etc., dainty pinks _ ¦' 5 °c fru.t jar filler . ... .*. . . 2So aoe-^Damded jeUy cake pans . . . . WO . • /3^ o
J .. °° S2.9O «*""», «°Pi«« °f 'he ioc kind, yard '. . J . . 7|C 2 5c enameled ca^lesack . 0 . #O C ,^uart enameled^up pot . . . . . 6B0 Pea Sne-i lb. 3 package, '? . . . ,2SO
£ *>! CO pltran VwJnJ Rnrt^r " Welt White Pique— A small lot of neat sized welt, cheaper than duck, yard . .... . f2o Ha Vllantl China Dinner Set— Enough pieces for 12 persons. Sago or Tapioca -7 lbs . ..... . 2Sc
I **'W ,;J««MW ffl g ° C l-# OO VVhite Indian Unon- A cas= of the 20c grade-it is 40 inches wide, «h:er, yet substantial, now dainty decorations, traced' gold h/^les, worth J30-00, cl^n-up rtft^?^" ' R^.t 1", * t^f
X •*„• 9lm%tO marked for the dean-up sale, yard . . : . . . 1An „!„ nr ; ro " * GO/1 O/l v '? noen *' a pulK O5C or * ao » ««•» #»• *s;
J S27.50 Bedroom Sets . . $18.90 \ ¦ '. • sale price . X d4,iW tin . .- .... . /oo
*: $4. 50 Go-din Oak Center Table .. Comforters — Only 1 2 White Blankets — Fine White Spreads — Many Jardinieres— A belated shipment juit arrived, highly gT>zed Ki'v'V'^l^D " *** ** " t * * '2°
Jl • • • -f. ..... $2.89 v tfo.. of these ~ large sked,^#wooi 7 2x8o inche, -first- $maU lot. _ worth ji. S o assorted tint^jardinfires, added to our clean-up sale— jS-aI"?^ tJ0£*l %H i ioizsb
J, $1. 30 Colden Oak Tabourettes.. . . 95C white fiUed, prettily co!or#" . "' '• "J 11^ th « «J sIl 6 h ."y and #i.6o-«U marked to 7-inch . 60c (jardinieres >.>, • 35© 9'inch $1.10 jardinieres • 63o Shredded Cocoanut- Bert, albs. .. . 2So
S n T 0ak R D^ kChair -' -H'lf ed-Jl.oova'ue,,each , tca d of |6 o^ pkir close, each 8-inch 85c jardinieres "^ . 52D 10-inch $1.50 jardinieres . 89O Beit Western Corn-3 tins .. ..25C
fc J6. 00 White Iron Beds $3.85 __ - * ' - • ,- • j i. t *i t- • t_ #>> 4- -n • u .#.» ™ PhirardtUi Breakfast Coeoa — Half pound
* «i 3 . S o MorAchw. $8.45 7&G © $4m6S StmiS 7-inth jardinieres on pedestal, $1.7:>; 9-inch, 12.7s; 11-inch, M.50 gi ibo
g fss-oo v GoWm oak chirTonier. . $35.00 mmammm £l_ , — — — — ___ ¦ One-QuaHerOff on odd pieces. Haviland china, tea pots, waiiam wnSaiM Scotch whukey.bottie a5o
| licO^^ooZ : § 25 ° BarS Castile Soap 12C cbrxolate pots, su R ar bowls, cream pitche'rs, cuy\ and saucers arti
i : "To ma . S5 Italian Castile ? Soap— Extra large bars (2x2x13 inches), 1& lbs. each, One-half off on odd pieces^of decorated German cV^na. SteT/wUteia'seiw,'^*. '. ! %U8%
J AH of Ouro Monday^. . . . . . MJ . . . ... . . .12c Qnc- third off on Oriental Bric-a-brac vases, Good rfhhkies - National c ub, suvcrdeu or
H fiS^ MA r^ M «« 20c Box Corylopsls Toilet Soap— Highly Resumed, 3 cakes . . . . 9o cheap at original prices. Gold McBrayer, pi. 53.15; bottb . ..75o
J. &»erSB&g1 RUgS 20c Size Eastman's Bath Powder-Daintily perfumed, for . . . 9c One-fialf off on odd pieces, platters, plates; covered dishes, B^ wei " r B " r ~ Hn:3 d ° z ' U ;'^ 2^%
£ r /1 MA TU;~ri t%*e 20c Size Royal Tooth Powder— Patent shaker top . . V. . ., . . . . . 9c sauce plates, etc. . f ; • '"/ : ® ' Old Invalid Port^Or* Sherry" w' « yn .
j. I Une-inirU UIT ¦ ioc Size Albahne—Bcttcr than toilet soap . ....... @ .... 7c One-third Off on terra COtta busts and figures. old^-kottic. ..*'.. .... ..75oSome society ««omen have better
clothes than manners.
Ordnance Department Supplying More
Gunners to Magazines to Assist
With Ammunition.
VALLEJO. July 30.— With a view to
minimizing gunnery accidents aboard
warships the ordnance department of
the navy proposes that more care shall
be taken in loading the shells used by
the gunners of our national fleets.
• To secure more careful work at the
different naval magazines of the coun
try additional gunners have recently
been ordered to each. Joseph R. Ward,
the chief gunner at the Mare Island
Navy Yard magazine, has recently
been supplied with gunners Lewis E.
Bruce and Dannel Geary. At Mare Isl
and ammunition is prepared for our
Pacific and Atlantic fleet3 in great
quantities.
The head of the Marine Corps at
Washington. D. C. Is planning -i^an
appropriation of $300,000 for a newS? 3 "
rine .barracks and additional offlret^^
quarters at Mare Island Navy Yard.
PURPOSE TO MINIMIZE
ACCIDENTS ON WARSHIPS
j basement of the four-story brick build
| ing at 333 State street, known as the
Russell Parli- Hotel, earned severe in
juries, to several persons. The front t
me building was blown out and heavy
blocks of stone used for sidewalks were
broken In pieces and heaved out into
the street.
Michael Kocomo, Barre V. Parevles
and a young woman, all employes of
JThn Rockero3' restaurant, on the
ground floor, were severely burned and
bruised and were taken to the Samari
tan Hospital. All will recover.
Four persons who were on the side
walk when the explosion occurred nar
rowly escaped. There was a panic in
1 the hotel but none of the guests were
.seriously Injured. The property loss Is
small. C
Blows Out Front of Hotel Building
and Causes Panic Among;
G the Guests.
CHICAGO. July 30.— An explosion of
"natural gas early this morning In the
EXPLOSION OF NATURAL
GAS INJURES MANY PEOPLE
Yy the Htu.te- In the Chesapeake and
Ohio .vana'i. So far he haa failed to rind
them. Whether the stock was ever 13
sued, or w^ethr, If isued, it has been
lost, is a mystery. H was supposed to
be in the safe deposit vaults, but all
tra^s of it arr gone.
The State's interfst in the waterway,
as set fr*-th in the brief of Attorney
General JohnUP. Poe, filed In the Court
of Appcais, amounts to 529,032,724. Thi3
sum has been largely increased by in
terest accumulations.
The canal Is now controlled by trus
tees representing Interests of the Balti
more anu Ohio Railroad. The Western
Maryland Railroad, the extension of
the Wafaash to tidewater, wants to buy
the canai for railroad purposes and
Governor Warfield wants the stocks at
the consideration ¦ of the question of
sale by the Board of Public Works
next week.
Maryland Executive Vainly Searches
i*J Trust Company's Vaults for
Securities.
BALTIMORE, July 30.— Governor Ed
win Warfield, In conformity with tha
State constitution, has be^un his semi
amrfial inspection of the State'3 secu
rities stored in the vaults of the Safe
Deposit ani^ Trust Company, seeking
"particiHarly stocks supposed to be held
STOCKS OWNED BY STATE
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEAR
r; WASHINGTON, July 30.— The bat
tleship squadron under Admiral Barker
sailed to-day from Flume for Gibral
tar. The State Department gathered
from Minister Leischman's report thai
I he has had a satisfactory exchange of
the Sultan at Constantino
ple, also -that the cruise of the squad
ron has served Its purpose and that it
?'j-not regarded as necessary now to
j extend the trip into Turkish waters.
I Unless, there Is a hitch the big ships
will proceed home, returning so as to
arrive in New York about September.
The Mayflower will remain to brtns
! away tS« ofricers and men of the Kear
j bQ? • . wrio flre now lying ill from ty
j phoid in -a hospital at Fiume.
! (PARIS, July SO.— The Temps to-<iay
I printed a dispatch from Constantinople
i announcing that American Minister
i Lei3chn>an during his audience with
: the Sultan on Friday insisted on the
j settlement tif the Question of treatment
;-e4tia v to that accorded to foreign
Qchocis for the American schools under
I American protection in Asia Minor, and
! ajso mentioned a proposal to raise the
re^pertlve legations to the rank, c! em
bassies.
Worships Will Sail fur
i Home Unless a Hitek
| Follows Their Departure
GOVERNMENT SATISFIKJj
Proximity of the American
Siiuadron Enables Minis
ter to Obtain Interview
VESSELS SERVE
TO AWE SULTAN
THE SAN FE&NCISCCP CALL/' SUNDAY, JULY* 31. 1004
SomV men are freethinkers and oth
ers are married. $_$§
Special Dispatch to The Call.
<f> • ¦ . S9~ ' /
TUCSON, Ariz., July 30.— N. E. MVg)
Nell,-^ Assistant^ District Attorney of
r C'£ ; chise County and a promS'ient citi
zen of^Douglas, who has been prose
cuting'^C. C. McNeil 'for forging, his
name, hus left for part unknown.
About ten days ago C. C. McNeil, a-,
former superintendent of .the Mari*
ccpa and Phoenix li'ailroad, was ar
rf.&ted oitcomplaint of N. E. McNeil,
who accused him of removing a let
ter from the United States mails ad-
Disappearance May. Result
in N A^jiutttal' of Namesake
Who JS Accused of Forgery
LAWYER DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
* FRANKFORT ON THE MAIN, Jul^
30. — An aftermath of the sensation
caused by the publication M former
Lieutenant von Bilsse's novel, "A Lit
tle Garrison," has developed in the
conviction by a court-martial of Lieu
tenant W ( l$te, the original of a char
acter of trie book, on the charge of
perjury. He has been sentenced to
one yearMn prison, to be cashiered and
to loaa of civil rights..
There is no protection in the life that
is all policy. /
Original of Character In @crmun Ofll
. ccr's Famous Book Cogvictcd
©. of Perjury. .
HERO OI^ VON BILSSE'S
GOKS TO JAIL
dressed to him/ forging hia name to
a check which it contained and cash
ing it. The former railroad superin
tendent was held to await the action
of the United States Grand Jury on.
a charge of tampering with the mails
and to the Territorial Grand Jury on
a charge-bf forgery. He is in jail at
TomJbstone in default of $3000 bonds,
N^E. McNeil, prosecuting witness tn>
the case, as wrH aa prosecutor for the
Territory, being Assistant District At
torney, disappeared from Douglas
Monday night, giving it out that he
was bo^nd for Sioux City, Iowa, his old
home^alled there by the illness of
his father. The 1 next day several
worthless checks turned, up at the
First National Bank at Douglas and a
number of merchants who had cashed
them made complaint to the officers,
but McXeil had disappeared. Officers
say thnr without the evidence of the
second McXeil they cannot convict the
first of the family who went astray,
so that the case is badly complicated.
The McNeils are no relation.
GERMANY'S FOREIGN TRADE \
IS RAPIDLY INCREASING'
Reports for Last Six 3Ionths Show
Great Growth of Exports and
.^imports. X ,
BERLIN, July 30. — Germany's for
eign trtTde for the past six months
shows that the imports amounted to
an increase of $25,755,-
VOO over theocorresponding period taat
year, and the exports aggregated
$6Q,OOt>,000, an increase of $21,250,
000. The cotton imports increased
$12,000,000 and the grain imports de
creased $5,000,000. Under exports the
following Increases are registered:
Machinery and instrumants, $5,
750,000; cotton goods, $5,500,000;
grain, $3,850,000, and . . wool and
woolen goods, $3,000,000. The iron
exports (propped $3,000,000.
EUROPEANS ARE WARNED
TO SEEK SAFETY IX TANGIER
Guards Are Redoubled Around the
-Moorish City and Mounted Force
Patrols at Night.
TANGIER, July 80.— Last night all
the guards about the city were dou
bled and a strong mounted force
patrolled the outskirts until daylight.
Europeans, living In isolated places
have been* warned to come Into the
city.
The diplomatic corps held a meet
ing to-day at which Mohammed El
Torres, the Sultan's representative
here, axid two of his Council were
present. It 1s believed that the ob
ject of the conference was to discuss
the present disturbed conditions. Mo
hammed El Torres has received com
munications from RatssouM and the
chiefs of the surroundlns tribes.
plaxs dp Sirs, "maybrick
ARE UPSET BY ILLNESS
Attack or Xcrvous Prostration Con
fines Famous Woman to Mother's
Home at I tone 11.
LONDON, July 30.— a£k£Florence
Maybrick. has , -^een obliged'to alter
the plahs for her American tHp in
consequence of nervous prostration,
from which sKp has suffered since her
release. It is" not likely, that Mrsf
Maybrick will be able to'nstart before"
the.end of August, If then.^Sho has
been ordered to take perfecCrest' and
is in no condition yet personally to
acknowledge the letters and telegrams
of congratulation, which have been
greatly appreciated. Her mother's
house at Itouen. France'^jis literally
besiryed by reporters, who attempt hi'
variouH ways to force an entrance
Into the grounds. The Volice, ho\v^
ever, have been requested to suppress
the nuisance."
You can tec right through lots of
people who don't believe in glass
house/
A chunt: of coal relhifc-- during
combustion, enough energy to lift it
self about '2CO0 miles, or say fro. New
York to F*enama. \'ertlcft!!y upwarrl
afuinsl lunstant sea level gravitation.
As the bride never marries the best
man at her wedding, naturally many
marriages ara^failures. *@
No, Maude, dear; it isn't the blowing
uf the wind that makes the navy blue.
26
APyTBRTlSEaiEgTS.
B ST0MACH _(r>^
When the tongue 13 coated, appetite
poor and sleep restless, you will find
a 'few doses of the Bitters will do you
a world of good. It tones up the
stomach and cures Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Vomiting, Cramps and Lirer
Troubles. Try a bottle.
l'ortuiios' have been made in
San Fwiicisco •
HEAL EST/VTE — Splendid
cliniifCM yct-i'emnin.
See choice bargjaiife advertised
in CI^\SSiriJED ADS.
PUAGEltS | ' FRAGEKS | O _ PRAGERS ° ,:-% I X ,PRAGE# ¦ @ I "PRAGERS-, iR PRAGERS . J n
* A IE ask the indulgence and co-operltion of every one for the next few vyeeks until the alterations for -the "Greater Brager Stare" |
W are completed. There necessarily will bejnore or less diist frorn the carpenter and-pjaster work, and as* a compensation for »j
these inconveniences we shall offer goods ajid garments at absolutely^the lowest prices the> have ever been sold : : : : : :j l\
There will be bargains not onlv- for one day, p but, -for every day — and bargains that have never had their equal., r *.y I
ArtandDraperiesCbmbined|)o m estics at PrJQBiS That Will Start; the Excdleng Bargain News inl
During Alterations <ro War Id T/ilkind Silks ind PressXoods. j
T1 I : " J3~ T O • '" *^* * UllMlIg. |k r EVER was there a. better; time to select |
' I Hl rearranging of our nrbt flcor has neces- _-_—^ a * .''¦ '(¦•> '" ' ' : ' ' ¦' '" |\J and secure Divss Materials than the H
I skated many transferences, and amonrj f f SREIare items representing nearly our entire Domestic Stock. They mt the very best we 1 present The stock is new, and because i
them Ihe Art Department to the mezzanine Jp_[ have, and some startlingly big reductions have been made. • O c ; of the changes' and various other reasons that i
floor, n c are very crov-ded foi space there, and 0& , -* v.-.. •* a «i^« u-- q +v._ -.-;-_= Vio«* K*.r--i If
Offer some rare bargains to quickly.: diminish BLEACHED MUSLIN.^ I ?2.T5 for a Spread that -regularly ?3.5O for Comfort regularly sold £^ked fn^h^^
Kt -_i. b i -^j ,1c yard— Yard wide full pure white sold for 33.75. ± at $4.50. , / marked lar below tneir regular \aiues. •; a
¦ t A f— niDTATMC QJleacJi-d JMuslin; a nice, soft-tin- J?3.50 for a (Spread is worth BED PILLOWS '%¥¦£/* SILKS. G.l ;h « U
LACr. CURTAINS. c o ish^d f -mlity; only 75 pieces in the $5.00. w v 1. n; «f Piii nw , th a t CA- Liberty Taffeta-iQ inches wide; soft, clingy §
Yo» can b'jy Lace Curtains now at a saving of one- i ot . G"n .--ccount of the small quan- o BKANKEXS. -H y 1 • a Th/ a i) C silk for shirring, lining and Indies' Hnperie; all 1}
quarter of tlic r.-Rular price. See our good values tity and so everybody will get some "7- «t OO 81 °S tr. «•> nft il'fJ y A(!£W*t*Z~ /„"?•' w* vuv evening shades. The regular value 75c a yard. 1|
at .SI..".!,, .fl.nn. #& and ?3.OO a iair. of \ his musli n. we shall limit each gSgg^^gSff %$^%$$^wffi. CA-, Eureka" Lining Silk-Warranted not |
ART GOODS. v customer to §1,00 worth. Ihe . eg- thing to use in your extra rooms. K1.25, fl.50 'ljll.75, ?2>00, JJIJC to crack nor crock; is pure silk; comes- in all H
We are a l«o ..rfcring great reduction on slightly ular value ' 8 c l «^c : 93.50- California Blankets, that JjU.Go' and ?3.6o. ¦ UV staple colors and is equal to »Mgher priced silks. ¦
soiled and nut*>sec! Bureau Scarfs, Onter Pieces, , . SHi.fclS». have never-.sold for ]ess than $4.50. tapt TT t TNP*M«5 £TO^ Pragers Teau dc Carol —A new silk, for shirt 3
Shams etc. \ v e have made a large purchase of jf you do hot object to Blankets • . _ j u j^r' 1 r^ 1 TllSC waist suits; 26 inches wide; pure silk; Sbft A
39c, 40c and sec fur these articles that are regu- Sheets— 5000 dozen, or 60,000— and that are slightly soiled' or niiisscd, we 44e— Good pleached Uwle Uaivast; t'W f^jsh; a ii street shades r black and cream. Reg- |
larly w.-rtli to S1.2S each. - are going to sell them at these great- can save y © u f rom $2.00 to $3-50 on a worth regularly foe-yard, o u l ar l y wort h J? 5 c a yard. 1
SILKOLINE lyrr-luced prices^ fine Blanket. 50c_Good Bleached Table Damask; DRESS GOODS.?, @ > \
_. BiLAuwwfi. 3r , c f Qr - 2X9O sheets; worth 50c. W ._,^.^_, 72 inches wide; worth 8sc r a,yard. 16-inch BlU-k Enelish AlDaca— The old-fashion- I
«!4e«rd-Silkoline, in ten pretty colorings'- one ya^l :»>c for 54x90 Sheets; worth 55c © COMFORTERS. 7«c-Bleached Table Damask; ex- 22n Jj ?**£ wear? well and is sold regularl>?at I
w:d,; all nc^de,:gn S ; rearularly sold at ,oc a yard. r,5c for 72x90 Sheets; worth 70c. 75c_A good^Comforter, with pure cellent quality; regularly sold at OOl !f c '" "rd ' regman> a |
COUCH COVERS. «Oc t T Sixqo Sheets; worth 75c white filling. $1.00 a yard. Black Sicilian— 44 inches wido- a silk-finished I
cjch.-Tin-ce pretty styles of Couch Covers u> 5 l-f. W % 3 *?° ZZth^-' f^°? f ,° f the Same Cor " forter . , but a NAPKINS. AXr iron .frame cloth which will oitwear any a!r?ca i
lectcd for this sale; Roman stripes, finished with 4bc for Sheets •' worth o-c *i •>- r '£* :u - 08c dozen-Dinne^ Napkins; worth UW sold for much more. Our regular price was |
nice, heavy fringe all around and regularly sold at SSfi^^Kfc^^^S^hHi^ Comforter. w,th ; pure $ O v 69c a yard. j » ¦. |
c.,0, ,-,-h jor 90x99 ,uteets, wortn white fillingi Extra heavy grade. „;,„? . _< C rS- „ _ vT,r,v;-c- rni m?vn ctttttmpc c
. -.50 ccl. -BEDSPREADS. ¦' ?l.r,O_A good Comforter, with pure 1 * G " c do^ n - D^ nner a P kins > .,S OL 2? ED C '?- ITI ? GS * , ,
We have others ai the. following low prices: l?l.i».-»— Extra heavy Bed Spread. white filling, covered «ith satinc worth ?2.oo. • T • 1A . — These Suitings have 1 stimulated our i
JSI.7.%— Couch Covers rt^ularly sold at Svoo. either htmrntd or fringed, with J?2.00 for a good Comforter; regu- — Dinner Napkins; IU£ July business, and the sale continue while B
s;:.OO— Conch Covers regularly sold at S4.50. heavy raised Marseilles patterns, j larly sold at $3.00. t- worth $2.50. Q O *'£* the supply lasts. They arc tough in weave, but |
S-I.OO— G-uch Covers regularly sold at Sb.oo. ?1 .7,">— Marseilles Spread that regu- " $2.50 for a good Comforter; regu- ?2.."»0 dozen — Dinner Napkins;! neat in make-up, .for children there is nothing more g
?.%.«» -Couch Covers regularly sold at $-.50. vJarly for $2.50. '" •• . , larly sold at $3.50. v worth $3-50- Q j 1 suitable. Values are regularly 25c, 35c and 60c a yard, j
W?v/ WqsIi Goods a ® ~^* 9 a %3 _il i Miciicii IiGGQS \
NUTlililH-rcjrularamlthe OSfflHtlllll ¥ VB>Wk^^ FlCtlir6S L^6SS I llOIl A NOTHER change' has I
special prices on .theie ¦ • - <-. v ' v ¦¦ - v " , v ' f G y ° , A-V -jeen made in this cie- J
o-,jods. • ' : . ...^ . , ?, ' :: , partment—^the stair-
ne yird^For [LVwns, Dimity This includes the \&xgzt t^assortment -of pictures ever offered in this city. way, instead oj leading from \
etc.. tiiatare worth 15c .. & a ..• v . -^ Q Q o J the rear, is now in ihe center 1
• ctc^iTt'are w^^oc **' r i \ ON SAlM IN MAEM AISLE BEGINNING MONDAY * of tje middle aisle. ? t
14c van] — For Lawns. Dimities, : , i . - ' ~" q° 25c ret — Bread, Cake and Pie 1
.ff^ ll Sl¥ t rf^6^^^ ****? Colorings : framed in «QU are in need 9 Of pretty g Handsome poster effects in |^|»g|ig^|||;
— " black or green moulding, narI or = hall nr o ro"nd,°and square frames. , ?*M%&. I
CiOVe SpSC-alS : — parlOl, SlllingrrOOrn, • Tiail :Or ° -U—^ S combinatiin clamps; i-eguUrlyJ
lt?^Z£lB t , 1A '¦ I bedroom pictures, now is the | ' f
have double tipped fingers that . tt I (I I/T^ • tim- +tf hi 1\/ • • • • °- ? • ° ° ¦ ¦¦ - right size; regularly sold - at
>rc to v,ea?; come • Jl \j/^f ¦ tllTie^.tO DUy ...... . . . , . . o _ o of . A . , rt>, --^ 1^ Vi w I x> a '
in black, ,^vhite «ml colors. - - RpmS flT PriTP Iq 5R1 SO 4Jc— For Glass Was j Boards; ;
; »1.«» pair-^Two-clasp Kid- .r . @ n K f?& e U «5 ' '^ 1b q>l.JU .regularly, sold at S oc I
SiiSSis ' iil can^ ot p° s - E^ td y^^^^ L^^ : ,l|SiSii 1 IpiSii m \
Ever?- pair fitted to the hand. c i hi V" h)Pv- HhH a h t fef Al=3 Framed in most artistic brown limited spare. Yo-j must see our U>c_l«or 10 yards of White Shelf j
fo cioc e tins hue out we a* bl Uiy -UC C UUU^, 1 1 L lOl A f*? ?n d a\\t dA\cm^' windows ana store displays to fully n Z a p %' A rw>«r,- i;it4^
'itferni" them ?t this «.r>rria1 - f i /i Ik «SIK1 iillL UtrblViUb, xk __ /f^ iv , N r , ,. , , ¦ . J . * n- i*oC — rood Cnopptrs, will cut '
§2 "Re^V^n %sn less than 35c. pr 4 <U regufar P n&: 6 .. 8 $L5© cafS'f enormous barEains yo 5 o *Z0££WiM i
Sale oi Superb Laces and Women's Shirt Waists— Valves Indisputable Requirements in
" FmhrnTftarfr*^ TH H OSE w^o secured waists from any of our fermer sales will ®.=tan«J sponsors for the enormous values given. •;/ < R_^'U p c 9 f^lothlTIO" C F
Lm " A U1U^ 1 itZ - .| The sa i^ beginning to-morr.ow will be no exception, but, on the other haud/will contain -values much OVy O VWM"»5' f
W,, , . , , , greater! There isn't a woman in San Francisco who can afford & mis%, this opportunity. ! _^ -,-,^r< _• "• - u r - I
E have an immense stock ai these S^?.*, <B : - m * ® * ® ® HT"^ HERE are' some stirring bargains ar-
beautiful trimmings, and at the j£&&$L LOT Y—:J5c or 3 for |;.6o^White and Colored Shirt Waists in pretty I ranged for.Mondav's business. Values 1
extremdv .ow prices at which we il^S SiSll "sSsfeSi <^k ? • *" '"** """ a^ in "P 63 ""-
arc ottering them there can be no mistake If' tf price while the quantity on hand lasts.* " "» 'v^'ifeS • trhuqprq ¦" B
-about buying them. B^ft 5^ LOT ?7v5«c— Sheer White Lawn Waist, with rows of fine tucking® • 1 _jQm \ && ft -^ lK^u&yKa. •; p
do n the front, and prettily inserted with embroidery iti^cr- j^^ •-- Boys' Woolen Knee 'Trousers. These val-
21 yard— Point de Paris and Valenciennes /ffr^ife^Tj^ 1 . ion; >>vidc panel front, ornamented with three large modal- iSf ucs Only to be sold on Monday. Regular I
.f. Lace Edginjrs. from 1 to ? inches wide. iCi&??% !lO!lv; lar^ c - ful1 sleeve, with sfieat tucked cuffs; also fancy mfffl/// f&Nk\ ' tJ ' t ' W 5Oc a pair. ' .^f-'-.y ' £
Z* Worth rc^uhrlv nc a -arci " MfiffiSl&ttS^^A^\ stock collar. Real value $¦;, ,25. ¦ \WJW lilHmY VV ; ' ¦ -,
, *j*i*c—A very dressy Waist of extra grade white lawn: yoke ef- i^i'' l^uLM^[ M SUITS. ; ..
r yard-Fancy Embroidered Swiss Applique fV^S^S?^ feet, with 3 rows of Mexican stitching: box-pleated front, with 'mmfff\ \k \ a /« r A new line of Youths' Suits for Fall, i
fJT and Scalloped edged Insertions, suitable |w>WMrV< clusters of 16 tucks; large, full sleeve; pretty stock collar. r fUl-trf H ' :! ]n\ \ \4 /¦% H the 7 latest stvle- sinc-le and dou- 3
for wash dresses and house garments. Worth W' l lilFMWSM - The regular value $1.25. ,. . \|t« ! ¦> /V \ blea^tSUS^R^tohr?SoS5t 1
regularly 10c. J^^^^ML^^ J 4— •>•»*'— An extra Sheer White Lawn Waist: prettily tucked f®Ml 'J/ K | $6_» : a suit Jbrcasted cOats ' Ke S u ' arl > bOld at j
r yard-Embroidery Insertion on good qua!- / A ' Lice insertion front a'nd ba% ornamentcTwith 4 lar«e me- wtM^f^M^ \ We are closinc out our ' : ne of Boys' J
JQ ity muslin, 111 open work designs; widths 'd\X^^^ dallions; sleeve, and cuffs neatly tucked: buttoned down the /!§»$!' \\VV$W/ \ W •'I^l.-r Suits it ereltlv nrices
uv from 1 to 2 niches. Regularly sold at 10c. back and has prettily stitched stock collar. The -regular K^lfelfSl J / bmt.s at greatlv ?duced prices.
A yard-A splendid assortment of Embroid- . iP^P value $2.00. _ q^ ¦ — -^ —
VC ffiSSS^gffi 8 n .^ be ;a O i f stfr od mo^i y Silk WateMT^-.l v, _^_ . . ¦ III Women's Suits Men's and Boys' Furnishings I
trish Point effects, on good quality of cambric c .. -¦-. -.^ n - r © ' ' *
tfidth from y» to 2 inches; worth regularly 15c $•*•«*» and V^.Oo-UAbout two W i | : tjj : • n j ?7.45, $14. 05, « . OXJ can depend upon these two items J
and 20c a yard. hundred very fine Crepe de JR ¦ y> | %^^f 3 line of odd Suits, not a full Y to be the leader in their line. '
11 yard— Embroidery Insertions and EdgWs; „?"? and I eau de Soie %$ M M A^m Wi Wi WS* M - 8Mb line " of size^ but you can * HANDKERCHIEFS. !
llC man >" g°^d open work patterns in the lof Waists in a large line of col- #i-L fl \M kL p| M fm F-f S| /0 I r • ,© . . •. . ¦ . p
liV that trim underwear so prettily; well made orings and styles; not a full I /' fp$$* %-^^^j^- ifcS^ 3 find them from 32 UP to 46 11 Men's Handkerchiefs,; every thread, pure
tihTrJcT^ 7^" "^ THC rCgular HnC Of Siz "' bu Vj- can: \ly ($ bust; come in a splendid llC {^^"nnishl'^guSy so^a^ea^ |
• surely find yours among this | ALWAVS3RELIiVBLE line of colors fancy mix- ..^^tt™-. chtrt<?
I 1 yard-Embroidery Edgings in pretty pat- choice assortment. The reg- ,1 (£v . --.»>_---. *r tures; all highly tailored; MOTHERS FRIEND SHIKTb. ,
HQ terns that make nice flounces. The differ- "jar values from $10.00 and as J^ 1238 * 125O JVIAKKET ST.^l> jackets sill: lined and most /» 1 "Mother's Friend" Shirts in stiff bosoms;
tin. , ent ff P a " crns ar « lr *sh Point, Guipure an' high as $15.00 We are mak- I , II beautifu n v t T ; mme d These .i4C onl >-; all sizes; in. new. clean, up-to-date
Wheel effects on good quality of muslin; from 3 ing this special reduction as All the <thnt-nin<r »l\fltir<»mont c TKat HrtVP aut tu Ur Rimmed. ineseo*^ goo J ds> Don't miss this opportunity, as
to 8 inches wide. Worth a yard. • • they are slightly soiled, other- /* 11 ine ono Ppji*S Inducements 1 ftat nQVe arc about ortc-half tfve regu- ih £ m not j. ist long at th5s j ow pr i ce .
-__ ,'iiMinnii ¦¦,„„, 1 '' — „_!?_!-_??: _ ore P°P u^ flr Are Still Here. lar ric9 _ s - ¦;_••• i^ ' • °It has-been demonstrated cgain that
you can not treat with contempt that
which human experience has taught
to be true.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 30.— John
Parker, a member of the executive
committee of the Populist party, re
ceived a telegram to-day from Thomas
E. Watson of Georgia stating that he
will accept the nomination for Prfsi
dent recently tendered him by the Na
tional Populist Convention.
ACCEPTS NOMINATION.
Many Visitors From Golden State
Register at the Exposition.
BT. LOUIS, July SO.— The following
Californtans have registered at the
California building:
San FraneUsco — K. C. Holman, D. F. Mur
phy. Mrs. E. E. BaJcer. E. Kelly. A. J. P«*>ry,
L. J. Barlow and wlf». Dr. F. R. Girard.
F. K»lly. G. F. RJebarda. W. A. Worthlnrto*.
I*. F. Truth. B. F. Lerry. G*orce Kenncy,
J. It. Bradley and wife. H. L*vlngr«t«m. J. H.
Hanlon. W. J. Schumacher. R. Gruhn. W. C.
E-.ocnum and wife. L. H. Butcher.
Ix>» An«e>« — M. H. Hoover, C. G. Pyle H»
M. Ayer*. C. E. Murray, J. M, Tochera. Aj
2. Dtuxlap. J. H. Hall. J. B. Featberstone.
CALJTOUXIANS AT THE FAIR.
. Sacramento— <J. Halo. D McLean P A
Launch J Jamison. W. Wllwn. Uw M a-
Redlan<l»-Ml8t M Peery. Mrt. E. P. Tuck
and daughter. M. D. Rland, J. E Hollett
Mrs. E. J. Hollett. U TlmmoM, C. X. Ortcsby
U B. Bean and family. v»rj*» D y,
San Dlero— R. W. Cbapfont. W. O. Bowes.
O. E. Fl»her. *?
G. Bailer. M. Lewis Mn A Ball** TV
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 3b.— Many
visitors were entertained to-day at the
home of the Democratic Presidential
candidate. The first arrival was George
Foster Peabody of New York. He 'left
at 2 p. m. and the same train brought
J. Edward Simmons of New York,
president of the Fourth National
Bank, and John Whalen, former cor
poration counsel in New York. Sim
mons is prominently mentioned for the
treasurershlp of the Democratic com
mittee, but on this subject neither he
nor Judge Parker will talk.
•Men of Prominence Call Upon the
Democratic Standard-Bearer.
PARKER SEES VISITORS.
MIRROR MANUFACTURERS
ENTER INTO COMBINATION
Looklng-Glass Syndicate Is the Latest
Addition to Ranks of the
/ • Trusts.
BERLIN, July 30. — The Cologne
Gazette to-day announced the forma
tion of an international looking-glass
syndicate. It Is not known here what
countries participated, but It is as
sumed that Germany, Belgium, Great
Britain and the United States are in-
"Our object is to use our rights as
native born citizens of the United
States in assisting at* the primaries
and regular elections to choose such
officers as have a kindly feeling to
ward our race. We have a committee
"to ascertain the names and character
of nominees before the public; to In
form the Chinese voters as to the time
of the elections and to investigate the
platforms of the parties. Our Chinese
young men will be fired with new am
bition to be Jaw abiding patriots."
A ' mass meeting of Chinese native
sons was called at the hall of the Chi
nese Six Companies last night for the
purpose- of effecting a permanent po
litical organization. Several addresses
were made on the objects of the or
ganization, but the election of officers
was postponed to the next meeting.
Robert L. Park, president of the
ilub, gave the following facts con
cerning the object of the club Just
formed:
Aim to Form Permanent Organization
to Deal With Politics.
CHINESE HOLD MASS MEETING.
"United States Senator Dick of- Ohio,
D. W. Mulvane of Kansas, Chairman
Charles Crane of the South Dakota
State Committed, Charles M. Dawes
and Congressman Henry S. 'Boutelle
were among the men with whom Cor
telyou conferred to-day, and he learned
from them the conditions'' in their
States. One thing which seems to be
established by the inCrvlews held with
the leaders In the various States is that
th* national committee will allow the
State organizations to decide what
ought to be done in the territory under
their jurisdiction.
Chairman Cortelyou will remain at
the Chicago headquarters until the lat
ter part of next week".
CHICAGO, July 3O.-HChairman Cor
telyou spent to-day conferring with
prominent party leaders of the Middle
West, and to-night announced that
Congressman James Tawney of Minne
sota had been appointed to manage the
speakers' bure.au- during the coming
campaign. The announcement of the
membership of the executive commit
tee, which was expected to have been
made to-day by Chairman Cortelyou,
will not be made until some time next
week.
Chairman Cortelyou Spends
Day Discussing Campaign
.With Men of Middle West
PARTY LEADERS
IN CONFERENCE
Agriculture, .W. T. Johnson of Cor
vallis and Gilbert Scott of Milwaukee;
horticulture, Charles V. Sco.tt, Mc-
Mlnnvllle, and Layton Wisdom, Port
land; mines, Fred R. Mellis, Baker
City, and Judge Frank Williams,.Ash
land; forestry, E. P. Sheldon, Port
land; fish and game, W. G. Hare, Hills
boro; education, J. S. Landers, The
Dalles..
•Across the front of the Oregon build
ing is a banner bearing the words
"Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposi
tion, Portland, 1905," an«l in the center
Is a shield bearing this: "Oregon 99
Years ago."
The Oregon State building is to be
presented to the city of St. Louis by
the State after this exposition and will
be used as a historic museum. It
stands In what will again &ecome part
of the city park after the fair is over.
Lewis and Clark made their headquar
ters a' Itttr miles above the post of St.
Louis on their journey to Oregon and
made that; place their headquarters for
a time on their return to the regions
nearer civilization. -All this makes the
Clatsop replica an appropriate struc
ture to stand in the chief pleasure re
sort of the great' city grown from the
post the explorers made their frontier
headquarters.
The central feature of this is an ex
pansivei dome constructed . of cereals
and grasses. In the Palace of Horti
culture the State' shows apples lhat vie
with' any and surpasses th« majority
and cherries that are remarkable for
their size and quality.- Prunes of a
fine quality are also in the list of this
State's exhibits. Big .wheat and heavy
fleeces of wool are her especial pride.
Oregon boasts the youngest hostess
on the World's Fair grounds— Miss Eth
el G. Wehrung. She. is the daughter of
W. H. Wehrung of Hlllsboro, who Is
special commissioner .and general su
perintendent .of exhibits here for the
State. The young lady Is said to ful
fill her duties with all the skill and
grace of mere mature hostesses on the
grounds.
Besides Mr. Wehrung, Oregon^ list
of chiefs here is as follows: :
FINE FRUIT EXHIBIT.
distributed. H. W. Goode, director gen
eral of thf Portland Exposition,: has
just returned after weeks*
study of this fair, and lie will use some
of the ideas gained to advantage.
Oregon uses her novel building as
one vetricle- for the display of her.
woods. The exterior the building is
just as Lewis and Clark knew.it, but
the interior is finished with a beauty
that would have made those hardy ex
plorers nervous. Simple, natural woods
—larch, spruf e and fir— are used in this
finish, and the effect is very handsome.
Oregon's mighty 'forests and her lum
ber interests, her abundance . of fish
and game, are made known through an
elaborate display" in the Forestry, Fish
and Game building. Her exhibit in the
Palace of Agriculture is one of the
most noticeable there and well demon
strates the richness of her soil.
Oregon has a building at this exposi
tion that is one of the latter's most
noted features and is overlooked by few
visitors, but up to the present time the
State has not done much here toward
advertising her exposition, which
promises to be one of the finest ever
held In this country, though not as
large as some. The Oregon State build
ing here is a repllca^of historic old Fort
Clatsop, with stockade, lookout towers
and, mammoth chimney faithfully re
produced—the fort in which Lewis and
Clark spent the'winter.in Oregon when
they made their historic exploring trip
under orders of President Jefferson and
gained for America that rich territory
where States are now blossoming Into
greatness, bustling cities are reaching
out for a share of the world's commerce
and an international exposition is pro
jected. It Is promised, though, that the
work of advertising the Portland Fair
will be taken up with a vim In St. Louis
soon and carried on to the end of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition. One
book giving a good general idea of the
scope of the fair has been received at
the Oregon building here and is being
Ferdinand A. Haber, who is making
such a fine success in advertising the
California wine industry at the St.
', Louis fair, is one of the most enthu
siastic of the California representa
'¦ tives over the Lieges project. He sees
! groat possibilities in It. Speaking sev
eral languages and being well posted
on fruits and wines, Haber beewmes
well acquainted' with prominent peo
ple, among them the leading foreigners,
and thus learns a great deal of con
ditions at home and 'abroad that are
of value in his- work and consequently
so to the State. His idea regarding a
California exhibit at Lieges is per
haps too comprehensive to be prac
tical, but modified it would probarbly
meet general approval. He would have
the entire exhibit of California In the
Palace of Agriculture, and the other
buildings here, "transported to Lieges
and installed in one big California
building for Europe to admire and
draw enlightenment from. Other Cali
fornia representatives think a hand
some California building of moderate
size containing in the main a compre
hensive display -of the State's fruits
and wines would be sufficient.
Governor Pardee Is in favor of mak
ing a display at Lieges and has prom
ised his fullest support to the project.
He was approached by Haber and ask
ed what the chances of obtaining an
appropriation would be. Haber ..said
about $50,000 would be needed to maker
a creditable display.
"I; think it a line project," said the
Governor, "and if public sentiment Is
for it 1 will do all I can at the next ses
sion of the Legislature to aid it."
The extension of the market for Cali
fornia fruits and wines in Europe would
not.be the only object of a display at
Lieges. There are manjr expert viticul
turists and fruit growers in the Old
World who would perhaps be induced
to buy land In California and settle
there. Their skill and methods would
be valuable in enhancing the quality of
horticultural and vltlcultural products.
NOVEL OREGON BUILDING.
IIADEK ENTHUSIASTIC.
CALL BUREAU, VRESS BUILD
ING. "WORLD'S FAIR, July 30.—
Lieges, the second'^ity of Belgium, will
be the scene of kn iiliernational expo
sition beginning May; 1 next year and
lasting six months. Its chief features
will be displays of foodstuffs and viti
cultural products. Germany and Bel
gium are already using great quanti
ties of California dried fruits and
wines. This statement will be some
what surprising to the average Cali
forh^an, but it is quite true. California
has something more to do than pre
vent the Invasion of American markets 1 '
by foreign fruits and vintages. She
must extend her own markets in for
eign countries. At the same time It
wouldn't hurt the State to more gen
erally herald the fact that the foreign
countries that are her greatest rivals
in the American markets find some of
her fruits and wines better than their
own. It might reduce the value of
foreign labels.
Some of "ihe expert promoters here
who are representing California think
their State should make a large dis
play of fruits jind wines at the Lieges
exposition— that great benefit would
accrue from any expenditure made. Of
course California intends to make a
fine display. at the Portland, Ore., ex
position, nor only from selfish motives,
but because she owe£ this 'assistance
to her neighbor State, but this would
in no way interfere with a fruit and
wine exhibit at Lieges, though the
fairs run concurrently.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Special Staff Correspondent of The Call.
GRAND FORKS, N.- D., July 30.—
The city is preparing 'for & rush of
landseekexs, who are expected here to
participate in the drawing of lands on
the opening ot the Fort Totten Indian
reservation, the registration" for which
will be held from August 8 to 20. TweG
ty thousand persons are expected.
The new reservation lands represent
46.1/00 acres -part of which is-held un
der allotment by jT-ndians. The Rawing
will occur at Deviis Lake.
OBONESTEEL, S. D., July 30.— Troops
have been requested by Sheriff Taylor,
and Governor Herreid has agreed to
send them. Froril^AurusC 8 until Sep
tember 10, the filing period, this town
will be under martial, Jaiioj The militia
-will arrive next week and M on hand
when the filing begins. The guards are
considered necessary to protect $300,P / M)
which will be Jrought to town each
day.
Sheriff Taylor formally takes charge
here Monday. The police force goes off
duty after Sunday night.
It has been planned to meet every
train during the -filing period with sol
diers. Every passenger ¦will be stopped
at the town gates and made to prove
that his business Is legitimate.
Gojenibr Will Militia
to 'Protect the T5>wn
During the Filing Period
Governor Expresses Belief
That Plan Will Prove of
Benefit to Golden State
TROOfS F0K BONESTEEL
IDEA PLEASES MEDEE
Grand Forks Prepares & to
, Hfiiidle Thousands at Opeji
iiig of Fort Totten®Lands
Fair Commissioners Anxious
to Make Display of Cali
fornia Products at Liege
GREAT CROWD
IS EXPECTED
WANT EXHIBIT
FOR BELGIUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI&, 'SUNDAY, JULY 31, ":¦ 19045
27
ADVERtISL3rEXTS.
oooocc*^ooooooocooooeooooooocooooooeoooocooo<5©
I DOUBLE YOUR MONEY IN ONE YEAR |
| Dvy Bay Shore Water Company Stock S
• \T HAT.F ITS FACE VALUE ON WEEKLY PAYMENTS OF O
I ...$ltOO Per Share... I
g *« SAFE AS A BANK. %
O YOUR INVESTMENT GUARANTEED. •
9 ¦ --j*- • g * ¦ • ¦ •¦• a
S PEOPLE BUYING REIS TRACT LOTS M^DE MONEY. S
S HERE IS EVEN A BETTER OPPORTUNITY. AS EVERY O
O RESIDENT OF THE REIS TRACT MUST HAVE WA- •
O TER AND WE CAN 3UFPLY THEM. •
O NO OPPOSITION. •
o . •
S COME IN ON THE GROUND FLOOR. DON'T GET LEFT. O
> IT COSTS NOTHING TO INVL3TIGATE. •
O RELIABLE AGtNTS WANTED. •
• CALL IN, OR WRITK TO •
• ©¦ . r- /0" ' -8
I Potter aCampbcH^a^tTB^ |
'_ job RosgyBERQ^ . fey; ;-
H»^ife^»^^ 0* Especially Good Offerings
\ m^^^^^^* in Mvslin Underwear
tt^«8Kll^Sy? MONDAY PROMPTLY it 9 we will put on sale in our
AiBsk^Sl/ *9nJ^jBMS$*£%S bargain b«serr«nt':3893 sariples of L«dlc&* MusUn Under-
\g%j€ tf> 1 '-^Bfh-Jf^^^^m wctr> which *** bou « h * for 65c on the dollar and which we.
ifta J^fi^ / * eU thC Same Way * No tW0ttlikc - T^ c y ue the Star
fe8 '63^ '^^^^^^M Manufacturing Company's Samples, the largest and best
fit|i I^^^I^^^f manufacturer of these foods. They comprise gowns, che-
pf 3^..BmE^^T^* fc^^^^^^fflf- mlscu, corset cov^s, drawers and skirts. They are made of
' lawns, cambric*, nainsooks and muslin. Trimmed with laces,
G^r"^^^^ wn k ro * ( *eri. es> hemstitching;, tucks and Teneriffe medallions.
\J)/^r=^ Yen cannot buy Ac material for the price %i the finished
Carm«at£ Space QjriXL&trnDit us to quote but a few.
T>a J < TlT CJUBIMB — DaaWXB-u. ]1 & XASZSS* OOWlf-
_®L, TSi!? 1 ™* n! l h j!$L,5 SP 1 * M»<J« ot tjona<l»U cambrlo, embrold- Made o^ Fruit %t the Loom muslin.
SSS^^U^i^rP^^ti?* 1 * cr7 « mm « d - K«gular 40o quality; wtlh Trilby yo*<£) trimmed t?th four
Recoltr **c quality sample prloj^ sample price 7. .350 rows of torchon Insertion and tucks.
•'••••• — • iWC T jT>TTff nwHHisn — jfS © Regular $1.00 quality; ..sample price
C J^P S^~ . w _~w Made of li * ht bl«acbwfl mus- '"". Sf '^ 05c
5S^. # *S.^^^ 5^°^*- wtth Tm *^ Utu wUh TrUby y olos « trimmed with SBaWSBS-
wSl T f? ur rt 7 l ? <>t KngUah thread Insor- Made of soft bleached muslin. h«m-
«t^ in4^?«* « PIS £!& . ? £?» tton ,.!fi d *^°* to ma - tch - BfJtutar 76o eUiched. R«sular.26o quality; sam-
extra loas and finished with a deep qualltr; sample prtce ....Vi.li 46c t*T^ Drioe . «. Cj. . . . ...19c
flounce, trlmiaed In Valendeoneji T an^./J. ' ... _. toc i»«» prioe ...,^. ; .. .,^. j.wc
lace. Reyular prioe IL60; sample TtA S T T 1P^ O Y S ~^ OtcXSHT COVERS—
Prt« " 95C Made «*£%"*•.** %5*g& lEte*tZ*S?SZaM. Neached mus-
XJU3XSS' OOWH— fon^i2l^^V^ mm t! d ,.T? 1U l,5vt' Hn; rounded yoke eVect. French
M«uie of FT.noh naln^ooK. the lat«rt &\nXaT*l.» d qu h alSy? t 5^Jle t^ ifiVric* l5 ° * UBlity ' 5fti
Husslan yoke, trimmed mil o\»«r with /...".«. fc g«Sc P ¦ P rlc * : ": * c
ished with &lal»-se la«: r»od r "dth Made of soft bleached mualin.f'wlth Made of Lonsdale cambric^ Trilby
and length. R^ular W75O gown; de«p hemstitched flounce. Rekular . ff^-VirtSrf^n^Sillnr IlieXr
Bample^rtc* . .!?T «1. 95 60c quality; sample price ._35c fe^SKgffSaSjJ^cS'-.^SSS
¦r.*Ti7 r 'fft OSXlaTSS— D&ilTnXS— 0.
Made of soft bleached cambric, with. Made of soft bleached nainsook, lace &ADIXJS' SXIRTS— - £)
Ros«tta yoke, trimmed with. «m- or embroidery trimmed. Regular 8Bo M^-ie .f.pt muslin. deep
broidery insertion and ribbon bead- quality: sample price — UiOc floance, trimmed wtih four rows of
ln«r; neck and arm holes trimmed And others ranging up to ; Normandy insertion and lace to
with beading. Regular 75c chemise; A pair 83.00 match. Regular 11.20 quality; sam-
•ample prtce 45c tjiwttip QOVTSS— 0 ¦?? e prIce ~ V 8 " c
SnBT mrrrwrrrtK Made of soft bleached muslin. £jlck- SiCXBT CHEMISE —
ila<3e of LonsdaJe cambric. Carrier]* ed yoke; neck, sleeves and yoke© iiitfi of eoft bleached muslin, clrcu-
yoke. trf: imed with beadlsc. tncka trimmed with a hemstitched xjiffle. Var yoke, with tucks ant embroidery
and Swiss embroidery. Regular 85o Regular 65o quality; sample pr^ce . . Insertion., hematite - ed flounce. Reg-
quality; sample price 68c «Joc vul^r 85c quality; sample price. ,|5c
We are proud of today's offer- 'ggf^SSJ'e? the West^mu.lln. ftt - Here whcre we 8 ive *<>« two for
m S*- torchon Jace and insertion trimmed, one. •
Regular J1.00 quality; sample price . v
One-Hour Saia-9 to 10 o'clock. m '""f^ One - Hour Sale— 10 to II o'clock.
In our Bargain Basement. p» 31.263 7AS9S OP BZBBOH. /'
927 yards of SILK I rt f DHOCMOCDP ALL-SILK TAFFETA
/K^fr\ ILLUSION or MALINE. L llUil t lAuLlIll /\ —French make, sash
/^•T ,A»27 Inches wide; the good. iliP IIUULI1UUIW jLj? T 4Pi ribbon width/ 5 inches
£¦""* \ \ :avy kind: French J U L The Pri<"e-C«ltter f^VJL —1 wide, corded edpe, satin
f^j. i -*¦ ¦¦} make: for neckwear or t^T '* v^ a d°tted effect. In pink,
\^*, millipery purposes. In 1 «C Mt*.w*\ rn 4- C*»at^»«- \& ktt bliie > champagne, cream,
V?j. .^/ pink, cream, white and OlO lYlOTKei Otr«J€L X^i> n KJT white and black. "VVash-
V^ K^r black. W ,1 1 /\»l?^.»»«-r»II C»»nAf able.
Only five yards to a \l JL \J I 1 OlTeil OireCl No( . more than four
customer. _. . v yards to a customer.
Real worth 12 %C. MAII» OEJDIHS EOIiTTlTED. Real worth 20c or 25c.
Hour Price Tard Scp *- J ""he Hour Price .....; Tard 6c
NEW^ADyERTISE^tEXTS.
• \
. Dandrarf is ¦ conuglout disease csasea By • uricrab*.
GOING*! G-O1NG*!! GONE!!!.
iulaiETr. MtnciOE wu sm it. too un m mum.
fT\ g*\ MIT el D V CT Al/P worthless, but not many of them were deslf tiedry
*J \J !« I W t% T • M K. C. so Chronic baldness Is Incor.ble bat Its tort-
_.> "'¦-¦• , ..... ... runners, dandruff. Itching scalp -and fallior hair
The mere mention *f h«lr remedy throws some can t» cured by stopping the rolcrobk growth with
men Into a fit of unreasonable Incredulity. Jt Is Newbro's Herplclde. It prevents reinfection,
true that before the mlcroblc origin of baldness Money back If unsatisfactory. Deilfhtful hair
was discovered that most hair remedies were dressing- Stops ICchlng- of scalp Instantly.
Orcg Starts, $1.00. Seed 10c, jtopj, to HERflClDE CO. Oept H, Oetrett, KM, ttr i uapte.
NEWBRO'S' HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL rtmetfy that "kills the Daadniff'Oera."
APPBICATIOarS AT FBOMDrEST BARBER SHOFS. ; Y
f * ''OCEAN' TRAVKL.
t Pt^amprs Icav# Broadway
/Ov-^^COS. nharvn (pier* 0 and 11).
f^/_^ San Kranclsro:
ftC/'y^S <ms y^\ for Kftrhlkan. Wranje!,
I I \»k?Vja ) \ '"""'- 1 - Halnes. Skaguay.
1 I \ Ww^ / / etc.. Alaska- ll *. m., Ausr.
I W\ \| *t\f<t "'• 8 ' 13 - **• s " pt - -•
\yv^ -•' * 'harse to this company's
>J/*faH^« / * st " anier! ' •' Seattle.
- »^ Kor Victoria. V4ncouv#r.
Port Town5»nd. S*~«tl<«. Tai-oma. Everett.
KHHnftham— 1,1 . st. mJAu». ."?. «. 13. l«t. Zi. 2S,
Sert. 2. Cha!.J» at to this Company' 3
steamers for Alaska and O, N. Uy. : at S<»attl»
or Tacoma to Si. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hi{i : .boMt Bay> — Pomona. 1:.".O
p. m.. Aug. 2 8. I*. 20. 26. Sept. 1; Corona.
lr.'JOp. m.. Auk- o. 11, 17. 2.1. 20. S?pt. 4. r
For I a >3 Angre»,*_v <\'ia Port T>is Ans»l»» and
Redondo). San Dle^a an<1 Santa Barbara —
Santa Kosa. Sundays. !> a. m.
Stste of California. Thiirs'lays. 9 •. tn.
For I>is Angles (via San I'edro and Kast
San Pfdro*.. Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Zloti-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
1-uis Obtspo>, Ventura and Huenem*".
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Ausr. .1. 11. lf>. 27. Sept. 4.
Ooos Hay. !> a. m.. Au>r. 7, 15. 23. 31. Sept.'.
F"r En«>»narla. Maitdalena Bay. P*n Jose flet
Csbo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa2. Panta Ro-
¦alia. Guaymas iSW.t. 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
Fcr further Information obtain folder. RIsht
la reserved to rhar<r» *t"-imers or BRlltnc date.^.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montsom-
ery nt. <Palare lloteii.l^ Market «t., and Broad-
way whan-es. Freight Odes, 10 Market sc
C. D. DTTNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Franelscoi.
The Pacing; Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter tt.. will
call for and '•'heck nag?ai?9 from hotels and
r«Mdenees. T<»lephor» Exchange 312.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Eteanw?^ will leave Greenwtch-^trest wharf
fPler No. 2S> at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA and
HONGKONG, calling* at Kobe. <H!oeo>. N u; i-
saki and Shancnol and connecting at Hon?-
kontr "with steamers for India, etc. No car, 1 )
received on board on day of salllnc.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
..^ /?,... .Monday. August 1. 1304
Vla'tlonolulu. Kiiund-trtp tickets at rextucetl
rates. For freight and, passage apply at Com-
pany" a office. 421 Ma*>:et street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Ajent.
occanic$.s.co.E?Ss
SS ALAMEDA. pw Honolulu. Ausr. 6. It A.M.
8.S..MARIPOSA. U>T Tahlt!. Auarast 9. XI A.M.
S. 6. VENTt.'RA. for. Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
l«.d anj Sydney, Thursday. Ang. 13. 2 P.M.
I.D.SPRECELS k BEOS. CO., Htl.Ilctet 03C8 643 Har-
tet. FrEiznt oacs 329 muz: sr., Fisr 7, Faciio St.-
C0HPAG5IE OEKERALE TKA53ATl,A!rnQra.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. Jt^j-,
&lltnic every Thursday 1 inl o- *^5i ¦ (^J»
Saturday, at JO a. m.. from Pier 42. »-/-'vt?
No«»h River, of Morton »t.
First cla« to Havre. $70 and upward. SeconJ
class to Ilavr-, J45 and upward. GENERAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnir), Neir
York. J. F. FVGAZI & CO.. Pficlfle Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sea by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To 17. S. XTavy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. G«nert; Frlsbie, Montieello ani*
9:45 a, m.. 12:5/. 3:15. B. 8:oO p. m. (ei.Sun.);
Sundays. 1^5 a. m.. S:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo
7. 9 a. m., 1J-.20, 3:13 Op. in. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
day*,' 7 a. m.. 4:1S p. m. Pier 2. foot MIs-
«ion street: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
To # tT. S. Havy Tard and Vallsjo.
*1I; J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Cwy st. north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
9:30 A. 'M.. 3 and *S P. M. ; Sundays. a:3O
A. M. 8 P.- M. Leave Vallejo — Wcyle days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 3:30 P. M. : Suiidays. 5
P. M. Fare. 2."c • eacn way. Excursion rate«
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove, and Martinez.
80c round trip. PIPER. ADF\. GOODALL.'
CO.. phone Main 641. »Satuj-d^y excep'.ed.
WB6&17 Gall $1.00 dbt Year
___. q\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
9oeoo6oeeoeodoooQO909999eQoeoQoaoooooooooooeo
2 //lr\ ButtorVHi La.oc N^T H £&}&&& o
Y if Patent Goltoklrx }& O
2 ll &r\d vie ¦ Kid / .- *
I ll i^Sggg^ |{^) To Keep t j, e crowds g
|^ s jg£^go Xcoingthe I
! WIT J£N AW s
• • V ~. -. 3 O ¦ ' o
• , That's. why we are always !>usy. ©
O The above shoe is only one of many snaps this weeE. %
• We just received^ another lot of thos~ Fountain Pens ©
q for the school children. | ®
O You know we jrive those free with school shoes. ©
¦• ' : . ' * '-ZT- " O
| viy/^x^ SHOE CO \ 1
..-, '.THAT STOSE EVEEYBODY WATCHES." 6
| 812-814 MARKET STREET %
Oae»0e0OO««6OQe3O«0O90a0C33eC0O0QOQCC0»Q0<009
Ttie best afloa)/ Jwashore
$im SHERWOODano .'¦*. 212-214 MARKET ST &Sj
mM ®- N francisco E^y
Mm r^Sr^iSe " "Z 16 N MAIN ST. h-" ;
DISTRIBUTORS • LO5 ANGELES. j|H
Get Ready s
j for the
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
You can buy tickets at the Special Rates on five
dates in. August-
Remember them
August 8, 9, 10, 18, 19
You can reach St. Louis most quickly, most com-
fortably and most easily by the two most direct
; lines.
Remember them
SOUTHERN AND UNION PACIFIC
You can get fine colored wall panoramas of • '
the Exposition, Pocket Maps of the Exposition
grounds and convenient Guides with good illustra-
\ uons — all free, from
S. P. BOOTS. General Arent, V. P. XU it.
_ , x **«itroniery Street.
Or Anj Southern Pacific Arent.
j Remember them
and
EDISON !
Gold Moulded Records
. Reduced V$5C Each
Concert Records - - - 75C Each
PETER BACIGALUPI
Edison Phonograph Agency
Headqu«rter»> for the FaciSo Coaat
786*788 Mission Street; San Francisco
Open Saturday Evening's.
11 K. 11 K.
j??|||PER wj$jlh
Elgin . Waitham
Hiprh Grade Watches and Jewelry on
Small Weekly or Monthly Payments.
DEREmER'S. }
137 Montgomery St.
Room 12. I'd stairs. Phone James 430".
fP*crfcct Fitting Ijf *
-Eyeglasses <g
At Moderate Cost (\
Woman
fv>§Y\\Vi ¦ » WYa k lntereiteU *nd should know
,llSLlV\-^s'in\ about the wonderful
*S8SBB MARVEL Whirling Spray
vVvNTVs^CiSi^L Uon and Suction. Hcst-SaN
-_e»t-MoM Coarenieat.
Ilk jtar rfrofjltl Itor It. >L, £61
If h>- •¦annul mpply the V ' im^fr ''.Jr. ' '/"//^«*
MAIIYKI.. accept no NfS^lr **««2>-W-
oiher, but f^ml »U« nip for <Vv j^\',' i '.*\ r
lUuxtmnUwok- »*•(?*. ru'.Te» / ¦¦<'•'&
full particular* and dirwtior.s In- Ac.'/ / Pi
mlnxblp to Udtei MiiiVUMCTJ, Jf
41 Park Row, .\orr York. tit^v^y -
152 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgoo.1 Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy ...119 EUU
Prescriptions 34,406 and' 7.
GUARANTEED CUSS TOB XSS.
TfABMTiFSS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to can
worst cases. SO OTHXSS TREATMENT
BEQUtEED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. (2.00 tot both bottles. For sale only
r.S. XEItltX'a PHARMACY. 102 Eddj.Judge Bradford Promises Document
Will Be Filed at Trtnton
Next Week.
WILMINGTON, Del.. July 30.—Ar
gument was heard before Judse Brad
ford in the United States Circuit Court
on the form of a decree to be issued
In the Northern Securities case, the
court having decided recently that an
order could issue granting a tempo
rary injunction restraining the North
ern Securities Company from making
a pro rata distribution of its assets.
He told the attorneys that he would
prepare a decree and that it would
be filed in Trenton some time next
week.
He also notified counsel for Harri
man et. al. that they would be re
quired to give a bond for $2^000,000.
MERGER CASE DECREE
SUBJECT OF ARGUMENT
New Commissioners at Fair.
ST. LOUIS, July 30.— Jacob Gold
berg, Max JBerkovitz. and L.. E. r.
Robinson, constituting the new Rus
sian commission to the World's Fair
arrived to r day from St. Petersburg... v
Semi-Annual Makes Good
Showing and Members Are
( Regularly Employed,
SAN JOSE. July, 3<f.— The Building
Trades Council of this city has elected
the following officers fof the ensuing
term: President, E. J. White; first vice
president, A. L. Reusher; second vice
president, J. Sbarboro; recording secre
tary*, Charles H. Harrison; financial
secretary, John'Standley; treasurer, R.
Yarnall; busines agents, William Har
per and W. G. Mathewson.
Reports for the half-year show that
the council is growing in strength and
that the members have been steadily
employed.
SAN JOSE BUILDING
TRADES ELECTS OFFICERS
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., July 30.—
Wu Chao Chu, son of ex-Minister Wu
Ting Fang, #ho has been attending <
school here, has received a message"
from his father, who is vice president
of the Foreign Board at Peking, direct-
Ing him to return to China at once.
Young Wu says that he will start Sat
urday or Monday. The summons was
unexpected, especially as he had ma
triculated at the University of Penn
sylvania, having intended to take a
four years' course there. He says that
he does not know why he has been
called/to China.
Youth Receives Unexpected Summons
After Matriculating at Univer
sity of Pennsylvania.
CHINESE DIPLOMAT CALLS
HIS SON FROM SCHOOL
Author Dies la Italy.
MONTREAL. July SO.— William Me-
Lennon. a Canadian author. Is dead at
Valumbrosla, Italy, whjsre he was star
ing with his family.
The toad is an exceedingly greedy
animal. It feeds continuously through
out the night, and in twenty-four
hours consumes a quantity of Insects
equtl to about fftur times its stomach
capacity.
Officers for the New Year Are Chosen
at Last Meeting of Asso
ciation.
CONVENTION' OF SUNDAY
SCHOOLS ENDS SESSION
64NTX CRUZ. July 3D.— At th« clos
ing meeting of the State Sunday School
A*sod«.tlon at Garfleld Park Taber
nacle, the officers elected to serve dur
«* t 5f conimg: year were: President,
Rev. T. C. Picton. Chico; vice president.
Rev. R. E. Jope. Bakergfield; secretary.
Rev. Otha. Wllkison, Uklah; treasurer,
Mrs. McMillan, Sacramento. Rev. J
A. Holton of the committee on future
work recommended that a State Sun
£V ml « slonar y be employed
who thall be a Sunday school evangel
lEt.
MOUNT CLARE, N. J.J July 30. —
A man 70 years old, who says he Is
John Almond, but who, because of
weakness, is unable to gWe an>* ac
count of himself, is In the hospital
here, hovering between life and death
as the result of exposure to storm and
the attacks of i^osqultoes. He was
found in the dense woods near the
Passaic line. Apparently Almond had
been In the woods for several days.
He was extremely emaciated and his
face and hands were Swollen out of
shape from thousands of bites by mos
quitoes and other insects.
Victim of Insects Found in Dense
Woods Near the Town of
Mount Clare.
NEW JERSEY MOSQUITOES
PREY UPON AGED MAN
SANTA ROSA, July 30.— Twice • in
two days has the fire fiend visited
Henry W. Ungewltter of this city. On
Wednesday at midnight fire destroyed
his barn, situated in the rear of his
residence at College avenue and Hum
bodlt street, burned one of l his horses
to death, destroyed a new rubber tire
buggy, seven sets of harness and a
large quantity of hay and grain.
Friday morning about 4:30 o'clock
the Fire Department was again called
to subdue a blaze in the butcher shop
of Ungewitter on Third street. The
second .visitation came within twenty
eight hours of the first.
Hours Cause Damage and Police
Are Investigating.
SANTA ROSA- MAN IS
VICTIM OF TWO FIRES
Two Blazes Within Twenty-Eight
Proposition to Bond City for Pur
pose Is Submitted to Voters
and Cariicd.
PASO ROBLES, July 30.— A city elec
tion was held here yesterday for the pur
pose of voting on a proposition to bond
the' city for $25,000 to build and equip
a hot sulphur bathhouse. The propo
sition carried by a vote of 46 to 192.
PASQ ROBLES TO IIAVK
HOT SULPHUR BATHS
STOCKTON, July 30.;— Shortly be
fore 3 o'clock this morning Stockton
was visited by an earthquake shock,
the vibrations lasting several seconds.
The direction was north and south.
It wa^ so pronounced that sound
sleepers were awakened. No damage
is reported.
WOODLAND, July 30. — Several
distinct shocks of earthquake were
felt her- this morning at 2:30. They
were h*kvy enough to waken people
from prof<£und slumber. No damage
was done.
SACRAMENTO. July 30. — Two
sharp shocks of earthquake were felt
here this morning at 2:26 o'clock. The
vibration was from east to west. No
damage has been reported.
Vibrations Last Long Enough to
Waken Sound Sleepers, but No
Damage Is Done.
SHOCKS OF EARTHQUAKE' ,
ARE FELT IN. INTERIOR
NEW YORK, July 30. — Dr. William
E. Woodend, the broker whose sus
pension a few months ago attracted
much attention, to-day filed a petition
in bankruptcy in the United States
District Court. An involuntary peti*
tion in bankruptcy against him was
filed several months ago. The sched
ules show debts °to the amount of
$196,774 and assets of $153,361. None
of the liabilities are secured. The
creditors number 500.
Documents Show That Suspended
Speculator Owes Almost $200,000
and Has Many Creditors.
BROKER WOODEND FILES
PAPERS IN BANKRUPTCY
l)i-<x>vers Tree on Track and j
the Train In Time to 4>7 e '" t
a Disaster.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., J£ly 3O.-i»
A tree having been blown down near
a curve on the Hudson River Railroad
a short distance from the house of |
Mrs. James ilcKenna, three miles
north of this city. Mrs. McKenna real
izing that a train was due and tha$Tj
the engineer would not see the tree in j
time to avert a disaster, seized a red
tablecloth and, frantically waving the
cloth, ran up the track. She rounded
the curve Just as the train appeared
a quarter of a mile up the road and
the engineer brought his train to a
stop. The woman told about the tree
on the track and added, "I hope I did
not do T.Tong In stopping the train."
"Xot at all, madame," was the re
ply. "You did perfectly right and you
are entitled to great praise."
The crew removed the obstruction
and the train proceeded.
BRAVE WOMAN PREVENTS
WRECK WITH TABLECLOTH
NEW YORK, July 30. — The identity
of the young man who was found yes
terday In Central Park with a bullet
wound, in his breast and who refused
to give his name to the police was es
tablished to-day by the cashier of the
New. Amsterdam National Bank,
where the young man was employed.
The cashier said that his name was
Samuel G. Dana, and that the young
man had been employed as a clerk.
He knew nothing of Dana's acquaint
ance with Mrs. •Dlgnon. nor did he
have any idea as to what motive the
young man had for suicide, if such is
the explanation of the shooting.
It was said that young Dana's home
was in Waco, Tex., where his family
is prominent.
IJank Cashier Identifies Youth Who
Tried to Commi* Suicide in
Central Pnrk.
DANA IS NAME OF YOUNG
MAN WHO SHOT HIMSELF
When young Wu was questioned as
to the reason for his" being called
home he said that as far as he could
glean from the communications re
ceived from his father.it was because
of a desire to have the family reunit
ed. , He is the only son and he thinks
his .father w'ants him nearer home.
It is said at the Cfhinese legation at
Washington that Wu Ting Fang's re
tirement is entirely due to his own
desire.
ATLANTIC CITY, N; J.. July 30. —
Wu Ting Fang, for some years the
Chinese Minister at Washington, ac
cording to his son, Wu Chao Chu, has
resigned" the vice presidency of the
Foreign Board at Peking and is said
to have permanently retired from pol
itics. Wu Chao Chu says his father
has determined to lead a quiet life
and has built himself a country home
near Shanghai. The fontier Minister
is now at Peking closing Up his of
ficial business.
Son of Famous Diplomat Says Father
Is About to Retire From
Politics.
CHINA IS TO !LOSE •
SERVICES OF \VU TING FANG
"T, have met the challenge with a
pdllcy none too vigorous for the out
lawry I wasf called to oppose. But
through it all I have had but one ob
ject, and that to show the people of
Colorado that the laws will be up
held — that a criminal organization
cannot dicta'te the policy or this ad
ministration and that everywhere
within the borders of Colorado prop
erty shall be secure and labor shall
be free."
Governor Peabody denies- ; the
charge that he is waging on la
bor unions generally and closes as fol
lows:
"I have had to deal with an organ
ization which has no counterpart in
this countryl Its official proclama
tions, full of defiance and challenge,
issued from time to time, have
amounted, as has been said, to a 'dec
laration of war.'
' DENVER, July SO. — Governor
James H. Peabody to-day Issued an
address explaining and vindicating his
acts in dealing with the labor troubles
in Colorado. He refutes the conten
tion that the strike inaugurated by the
Western Federation of Miners at the
ore reduction works in Colorado City
was called because of the failure of
the Legislature to enaqt an eight-hour
law, pointing: out that it was called on
the 14th of February, some flve or
six weeks before the adjournment of
the Legislature, which then had under
consideration an eight-hour law. Lat
er a sympathetic strike was declared
by the federation in Cripple Creek to
cut off the ore supply of the mills.
Governor Peabody then goes into
the history of the "Western Federation
of Miners, which, he declares, is re
plete with assaults, dynamite. outrages
and murders. In affbrdlng protection
to men who desired to labor, the Gov
ernor explains, "it- became necessary,
in my (judgment, to confine certain
men in military guardhouses, as one
of the safest and expeditious
methods of restoring order. It was
loudly proclaimed that this was with
out authority of law. The question
was submitted to the Supreme Court
and 'the action of the militia in that
respect fully sustained. It is a useful
and necessary power and the class
that should dread its exercise is not
numerous. The general policy pur
sued in Cripple Creek was followed in
other parts of the State, and particu
larly in Tellurlde, where the excesses
and crimes of the federation had been
still more inhuman than in any other
district and the r«ign of terror still
more complete. Order now prevails
there." .
Quiet had been restored . in Cripple
Creek and the troops withdrawn when
the dynamite outrage was committed
at the Independence depot June 6, fol
lowed by the" riot at Victor. The* Gov
ernor • places the responsibility for
both these occurrences on the feder
ation.
"When the excitement had some
what subsided and the county was still
under quasi-military rule," the Gov
ernor continues, "it was found that
I there were several hundred members
; of the Western Federation in the dis
trict yet wlio would not work and. had
resolve* that_ others should not if by
such methods as those employed at
the Independence station they .could
be driven away, I resolved that they
should be dispersed and I dispersed
them." ; * , .
Executive Asserts That His
tory of Union Is *a Tale
of Assaults and Outrages
ISSUES LONG ADDEESS
Governor Peabody Declares
Western Federation Is
Responsible for Troubles
?
PLACES BLAME
ON THE MINERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL," " SUNDAY, JULY '31. 1004.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— Ex-County Aud
itor Martin Murphy was before Judge
Tuttel of the Superior Court yesterday
for arraignment on a charge of for
gery. Murphy is accused of forging the
name of County Treasurer Conant to a
receipt in the sum of JB6 63 paid for the
redemption of a piece of real estate
from tax sale. He was arrested at El
Paso, Tex., and brought back here for
trial.
Former County Auditor of Santa
Clara Appears In Court for
Trial.
MURPHY IS ARRAIGNED
OX CHARGE OF FORGERY
WILMINGTON. Del., July . 30.—
Deputy Marshal Hawkins brought to
this city to-day Edwin Rose, aged 19.
late of the Hawaiian Islands, whom he
arrested on a sugar steamship at
Lewes, Del., just in from Honolulu, at
the instance of Postomce Inspector
Maxwell, on a charge of the larceny
of a Panama hat from a registered
mail package. •
Rose was a clerk in the postomce at
Hilo, Hawaii, when the hat was re
ceived there, it having been sent by
a Xew York firm on order. It being
in a mutilated condition, the customer
refused to accept it and the postmas
ter wrote to Washington for Instruc
tions. The department directed him
to return the hat. When he looked
for it no hat could be found and Rose
had disappeared also.
Arrests Honolulu rostoffice Employe
Accused of Stealing Fttnama Hat
From Registered Package.
DELAWARE MARSHAL TAKES
POSTAL. CLERK TO JAIL
A suit to quiet title to the property
at the corner of Lombard and Scott
streets. 126x275 feet, was begun yes
terday by the American Spirits Manu
facturing Company against Thomas G.
Crothers and James S. Angus, admin
istrators of the estate of James L.
Fair, the heirs of the estate, and Her
mann Oelrlchs, administrator of thn
tttate of Charles L. Fair.
Title to Fair Property.
28
ADVKRTISJaiEyTS.
gHBSfEEIIBRpBHBKBBBHHHBBHBBHHSBHHPSSHEEaDnHaHHEB
! RUPTURE CURET) !
5 """ " ii ¦¦¦ w ,1 , la
h ¦;.,-. . ¦ . »¦,.¦ . ™"™^T^T™^ a
C Our cure is safe, certain and practically painless. Age makes ¦
¦ no difference. We have cured cases ranging in age from 5 to 80 years. 2
iicrc is one* . , -'¦v'.^'' t **•
¦ ><r\ i-..t a u San Francisco, Cal., July 24, 1904. S
cr Our little daughter was ruptured at the age of 3% yearsftid S
B grew steadily v.-orse When she was 10 years old we placed her ¦
8 under your care and at the end of seven treatments she was perma- B
f« ncntly cured. She is now very active, running and jumpinsr with- 43
g out pain or inconvenience.^ I believe your treatment will cure any 13
S rupture that can be held by a truss." ¦
¦ E - ?' HV . RS fl l - 3668 Twentieth street. San Francisco. m
a Miss Hursch received her last treatment June 13, 1903 * a
B WE CAN CURE YOU. B
f FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
S J344 Market St. San Francisco ' |
¦_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
You will realize then why Schlitz beer is pure. jgl
You wash a cooking utensil once. We wash a bottle four v^y
times, by machinery, before we fill it.
You use city water. -We bore down 1400 feet to rockibr ours.
You prepare food in the air of the room.v We cool Schlitz |
tbeer in plate-glass rooms and filter all the air that touches it A
I hen we niter the beer by machinery — niter n through Wm
Yet your methods are cleanly.* Ours are cleanliness carried "^
to extremes.
t Then— for fear of a touch of impurity— Ave sterilize every g£\
battle after it is sealed. : We double the necessary cost T|f
of our brewing to give you a healthful beverage pure. I |
Dp you wonder that we sell over a million barrels annually? |;|
Ask for the brewery bottling. ®m
7 5. Los An2e.ics-SHERW00D&.SHERW00D.S a nrr a nc!sr.v^*1
;*;i"'f!' . Wholesale Distributers. J^
The IfcerlM iade MiSwaufe Tamous^ :*:
I A Manufacturer's Sample Line of
Ready=to=Wear Garments
i HALF PRICES PREVAIL*]
CKc of the most exclusive and successful makers of high-grade
Tailor-fiade Suits. Skirts. Waists, Shirt Waist : Suits .etc. closed Ait his
3 entire line of traveler's samples to our New York buyer. Sale begins ,
| at 9 z. m. to-morrow. Second floor. Take the elevator. I
Ladles' "Sample" Tailor Made Suits IHTROOUCTO.iY SALE of DRESS GOODS
i too Thai Rip nn fh* Rnllar I" order to properly introduce the j
Less Tnaa 63c on "^ uoiiar most cxtc £ siy r e linc of faI1 novel .
"SAMPLE" TAILORED SUITS tjes nQW OQ cxnib ition in the city !
$i3-5?-In navy, black or brown wfi offej . a SI , cc j a i sa ] e o f f OU r j
cheviots. Value $25.00. •' bam- items beginning to-morrow. In
pie" sale price... $13 50 taking advantage of these "spe- •
cials" we ask that you look at '¦
"SAMPLE" TAILOR SUITS t i :c novelties.
$19.25— In broadcloth etammes OXFORD AND SHEPHERD
and Scotch cloth. A alue ?35-°°- ; CHECKS— In black and white;
t "Sample" sale $19.25 small and medium size checks;
1 price. v * 40 inches wide, for shirt waist
'-SAMPLE" ALPACA SHIRT su i ts and children's schooj
WAIST SUITS $7.95— In navy. dresses; very durable; 50c kind. \
• black, brown, .tan, cream and Introductory sale price, a O/Zf*
»whi*e. Value $12.50. C7QZ yard 4OI, j
"Sample" sale prices 4>i'?*J KERSE y TAILOR CLOTHS—
"SAMPLE" TAFFETA SHIRT I5 pieces, in all, colors, includ- I
WAIST SUITS $17.50— Change- | j^g black, and guaranteed all
able effects, black, navy, brown wool: sponged and shrunk; full '
and also in a variety of fancy 56 inches wide and just the thing
effects. Value $25.00 and $27.50. f or tailor suits and fancy, coats;
"Sample" sale C/7 SO a grand $2.50 value. Introduc- ;
price VMt.UU tQry %z]c pr i cc> ' a C*tjC :
"SAMPLE" JACKETS $4-75- yard <pi*w |
5 Tan coverts, black broadcloth, BLACK MIRROR MOHAIR—
black cheviots and light-weight 1O pieces to be on sale. Guar-,
Kersey cloth, in black and gray. anteed fast black; iron frame' - {
* Value $7.50. .'"Sam- C*A *7 C weave; suitable for skirts and
pie" sale price. . . .\ . v>*» ' u 5 hirt waist suits: 52 inches wide; \
"SAMPLE" WALKING SKIRTS the $1.00 kind.. .Mon- >tq
$1.50 — A big variety; colors and day, a }-ard .• w\->
fabrics; kilted and pleated styles FANCY' ALPACA SUITING— 20 !
still predominate. Worth $5.00 pieces. In brown, blues, grays, I
and $6.oc- "Sample" . OO C(\ black and white effects; lustrous |
sale price *P^'^^ tfjfo finish, shines like silk and
"SAMPLE" WALKING SKIRTS wea'rs better; the $1.25 kind.
$7.50— A big variety. Worth Introductory sale price, a 7 SZq ;
from Sio.so to $12.00, G7*%() var <* ¦
*3Bfir SH C iRT ri WAfsTS 50c SILK DEPARTMENT j
- -Whhe lawn Valued at $1*00 NOVELTIES IN FANCY SILKS
: and-Si.2?. Come early: you will —Small designs and fine stripes. .
i not Uiave a chance like this in brown and white, black and
again. "Sample" sale r{\~ white, blue and green, preen and j
; p r i cc JUC white, etc. Regular 85c silks.
-SAMPLE" SATEEN WAISTS To be introduced at, a fig c
\ g£g!S|S£ SU9 B^CK- TAFFETA- -SILK _ I
"S A M PI E" INDIA SILK Guaranteed in every respect; 27 j
WAISTS $2.65— Whitr or black.' inches wide. Regular $1.25 value.
Valued at $3.75 and $4- \ <fT /ZC A special direct from the OC r \
\ "Sample" sale price *P^*OO mills. Sale price, a yard. . Ut^ t ' j
"SAMPLE" PETTICOATS $1.85 \
-<The new jersey effects. Value I
$2.eo. "Sample" sale C*1 or jMail orders filled. Samples sent ;
nrice ***** &y on application. \
5 — I
1 mi m ii-ii..^. - 1 —, l ,^ tMllll^ MMMr^^ m » 1i »iir M - l n I iiniM '
j SEEPA6E3
« 42 to 47.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
-l\ T O I£E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
CW HOUSEKEEPING- APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
T. TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
Rhsd SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED— .
F^~^9 PAGES 42 TO 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
If it does not pay to hold
your unimproved property EX-
CHANGE IT. GOOD proposi-
tions offered dally In THE
CAIX'S CLASSIFIED COL-
; ¦ ¦ ¦ , ADVERTISEMENTS. j _^
The first showing of the new fall designs begins to-morrow. Never have the patterns been more attrac-
tive. Two toned Oriental, Floral and Persian and Art, Nouveau. An array of hiah grade carpets that wHl
appeal to every taste; This is a week of special pricing on staple carpets.
EXCLUSIVE LINE OF VEL- I SUPERIOR QUALITY OF I EXCELLENT TAPESTRY I ] EXTRA QUALITY OF
VETS. Lovers of the artistic AXMINSTER. Fine deep pile. BRUSSELS. With or without BRUSSELS. A weave that
will be more than pleased F1 al and p ers i an designs. border. Hall and stair carpet will «ve vea-s of satisfaction
with the soft blending: of colors w . wJthoilt fcJL.- *° match ' D^n suitable wiu give years oisa.^acLon.
in this choice grade of carpets. With or without borders. for any^room. in the house. Patterns to please every taste.
Per yard, made, laid £ I jf| Per yard, made, laid q • p er yan j ? madgy l a id«7 C ~ Per 7 arcJ > made ' laid ffcfl^
andlined../ .d>l.lU andlined :....^I.^J andlined >5C - andlined "uC
— . — - — . — 1 — j — — 1 _ . .
LINED WARP MATTING. FIBER CARPET: Latest SMYRNA RUGS. 27x54. I I ALL WOOL ART SQUARES
Good fresh fiber. Artistic . ££* P^^lJ^l^ Fringed both end, AH wool, Reversible. feet. Artis-
coloring. Carpet pattern. Our ly artistic Fabric is durable. Reversible. Oriental and Per- tlC ***%**. A thoroughly
Colors are pleasing and har- . « . satisfactory rug at a little
own importation. „ mQn{Q^ sian designs, .
Per yard Per yard /OC Price, each $I.OD Each 5j>4.5UA little practice proves more than
a lot of . "polemic's. _
Ths company says that if Bennion
is brought .within the jurisdiction of
the courts of California it will prose
cute him vigorously, but as the. of
fense, at least in theory, is against the
people of the State, the State should
pay' for his extradition. The police
think* otherwise, with, the result that
Bennion may go free.
Fred Bennion, who is wanted in this
city on a charge of embezzlement,
preferred against him by the Con
servative Life Insurance Company,
which claims he fled with $400 of the
corporation's funds, has been arrested
in Indianapolis.
It is probable that he will escape
prosecutfon, as the insurance company
refuses to pay for hia transportation
from the scene of his arrest to San
Francisco. rYrir--
FRED BEXXION" MAY ESCAPE
PROSECUTION FOR CRI3LE
The Santa Fe Is selling tickets to
Yosemlte Valley and return at $43*{l0 for
seven days, Including all expenses. These
tickets cover. the, following items:
1. One first-class rail and- stage fare
to and from Yosemite Valley. .
2. Hotel bills and meals .goins and
coming.
3. A • de through two groves of giant
sequoia. These are the fanfous Califor
nia big trees.
4. Staging through the Merced Canyon
past Mtl-ean's CHff and the beautiful
Cascade Falls. Tliis is one of the grand
est rides In California.
6. Three days* board and tent at Camp
Curry or Camp Yosemite in the Valley.
Thesa camp3 are well known for their
excellent v - rvlce
6. Staging in the Yosemite Xational
Park around the "Double Loop." past
Point O My, Gentry's, Tamarack Flat and
Crane Flat, giving a complete and won
derful change of scenery on the return
from " the Valley to Hazel Green.
7. The privilege of a longer stay at the
camps or hotel in the Valley, if desired,
upon payment of their usual rates for
the extra time.
FOIl FURTHER DETAILS CALL ON
THE SANTA FE. AT 641 MARKET
STREET. . - — " •
$43.00 for Seven Days Is the New
Santa Fe Rate.
YOSEM1TE VALLEY.
William Behlow, Who I3 Sole Mem
ber of Concern, Makes Assign
ment to Creditors.
The furniture a.v' mattress firm
known as the Harder Company and
later as the Harder-Behlow Manu
facturing Company, at 807 Mission
street, yesterday morning closed its
doors to the public. Several months !
ago Harder withdrew from the firm,
the partners being unable to agree in
the manner cf conducting the busi
ness. Since then the factory has been
conducted by William Behlow.
The concern has been languishing
for some time and the withdrawal of
Harder, who is an experienced furni
ture and upholstery workman, fur- !
ther weakened the business. Behlow
was unable to bear the load and noti- j
fled his creditors, who are some of the '
principal furniture dealers of the city, i
The creditors held a meeting last
Tuesday and overhauled the books of
the firm. The investigation was only
preliminary and somewhat superficial.
It is thought that jJife business is not
Involved , more than S15.000 or $18,
000. though Mr. Beftitfw fevers that it
ii »ot over $10,000. Some of the cred
itors believe the firm will not be able
to settle at more than 25 cents on the
dollar.
Prison Directors 3Iect.
The Board of Prison Directors met
yesterday morning at the office of
Robert M. Fitzgerald, president of the
. m. Th« 5-jfcject of the large sup
»,!y of jute bags on hand at San Quen
tin was considered, which was fol-
Joued by a diEcucsion us to whether or
not the Warden should be blamed for
:iot having: sold the bags to till the
depleted treasury of ' the institution.
Tiic contract for supplying cashmere
Ut th« prison wa3 awarded to Karsky
£ Collins.
The case of "Happy Jack" Chretien,
v. ho recently forged a. signature on a
i;ole at San Que:;tin. was taken under
advisement.
Catholic Ladles to Meet at Del Mar.
SAXTA CRUZ. July 30. — Th-
Grjuid Council of the Catholic Ladles'
Afd Society will convene at Santa
Maria del Mar on August 15 and re
main in cession for five days.
Professor Marcus D. Bue'.l remains,
as professor of New Testament exe
gesis In Boston University School of
Theology, reports to the contrary not-
HARDER FURNITURE AND
JIATTRESS FIR3i FAILS
The estate of Wolf Flelsher, the <3e
ceased hatter, is in for more litigation.
Yesterday Charles J. Rousseau began
suit for $700 for services rendered as
an architect in drawing plans for. a
four-story apartment house erected on
LagurUi street, near Geary, and for
work done in supervising the work of
the contractors. ?j/.v: ,Y.
Architect Sues Fledsher Estate.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted
a divorce to Anha Evans from Bruce
Evans on the grounds of desertion and
intemperance.
A suit for divorce was commenced
by Lela F. Edgecombe against Ezekiel
J. Edgecombe. They were married in
June of last year and shortly after
ward he left her and is now said to be
in St. Louis. Anna Kordi sues for di
vorce from Fred Kordt for intemper
ance. , V ;.
Twice married to the same man and
then seeking legal separation from
him on the ground that he has an
other wi/e living, Mrs. Sophie Hazel
Hunt "finds herself in a peculiar pre
dicament, which Is set forth in the
complaint filed yesterday in the Su
perior* Court by her attorney, Maurice
L. Asher. The lawyer said last even
ing that he did not know whether the
defendant .in the suit, Oscar F. Hunt,
was in San Francisco. Hunt Is a
commercial traveler. In view of Judge
Kerrigan's action in calling the atten
tion of the Grand Jury to the Hum
meltenberg case of bigamy, the where
abouts of Hunt, if he is twice mar
ried, will be of interest.
Thej^unts'. second marriage took
place on March 23, 1903. A 5-year
olu daughter is the issue of their for
mer marriage in 189 S. The attorney
for the wife declines to explain why
his client was twice married to Hunt
or^when or where the existence of his
marriage to another woman was dis
covered.
Mary E. Roche brought suit for di
•norce against William H. Roche on the
ground of desertion. She says that he
is in receipt of $200 a month and she
asks the court to award her half of It
for the support of herself and two
children. They were married on May
ltV 1897, and he is said to have Ce
serted her in February, 1,901.
Strange Situation Develops In Suit for
Annulment of Marriage — Other
Divorce Cases.
The trust company loans for the same
time have decreased more than $57,000,
000. With call money lending at 1 per
cent or under, the rate of interest al
lowed on deposits by the. banks Is the
more unprofitable to the trust compa
nies. But it is known that the trust
companies have invited large deposits
for interior account during the last
year, which will be subject to recall to
meet the fall demands for funds In the
J interior, in common with similar depos
its with the banks. In the existing con
dition the bank3 will have to meet the
call on reserves, both on their own ac
count and on account of the trust com
panies. There 13 also the contingency
that with a rise In the call loan rate
I the trust companies may withdraw
their deposits with the banks to put
out loans on their own account at the
profitable rate. Meantime the excessive
amount of Government expenditures
over receipts for this month rose at one
time more than compared
with less than $8,090,000 for the corre
sponding period .of last year. /This car
ried the Government's working balance
decidedly below the traditional require
ment and gave point to the discussion
of possible withdrawal of Government
deposits with banks. The bad effect on
the market of the quarterly report of
the United States Steel Corporation has
been part of the week's news.
BONDS REACTIONARY.
The low flsrure of the unfilled orders
on hand, the normal dullness of the
third quarte®of the year in the steel
j trade which is to be faced and<the small
I amount of the allowance made for de
' preciation are points upon which criti
j cism centers. The labor outlook, eBpe
' dally in the packing-house and the cot-
TRUST LOANS DECREASE.
shorts in exchange followed, so that on
Wednesday foreign bankers *v;-ere able
to figure a small profit for a short time
on gold exports. The rate of exchange
relaxed with the passing of the acute
crisis in the Anglo-Russian relations.
But the exchange situation still leaves"
an early export movement of gold
within the range of possibility. It is
not the prospect of a moderate outgo
of gold that intimidates sentiment as
is shown by the equanimity with wnich
the coming remittances «.o Cuba on ac
count of the loan subscribed here are
regarded, but it is the evidence afford
ed that there may be an obstacle to the
usual resort of this market to foreign
money markets for funds to move the
crops. The present redundancy of New
York bank reserves has some suffi
ciently analogous features to prevent it
entirely allaying apprehension over the
fall money situation, especially to the
minds of holders of stocks on margin
with money borrowed on call and cer
tain to be the first recalled to meet in
terior demands for crop funds. The
July 1 statements of the New York
City trust companies to the State Con
troller show that their cash dep^ sits in
banks on which interest is allowed
have risen In a year to^the extent of
$96,505,402, from 5109,913,69a on July 1,
1903, to $206,420,097 on July 1, 1904.
Jennie Turner, ths twelve-year-old
daughter of Charles R. Turner, was
fatally burned yesterday at her
home, 1727 Greenwich street. The
girl, with other children, was
romping about a bonfire which
they had lighted of dried grass and
rubbish at the rear of the building.
Jennie incautiously passed round the
lee side of the blaze, when her cloth
ing caught fire. On finding her clothes
burning she ran away, thus adding to
the flame. In her terror-stricken con
dition she was met by Frank Werner.
who tore her clothing from her body
and after wrapping her up in a tem
porary covering sent her to the Emer
gency Hospital. She died at 10:13
o'clock last ni-ht.
Tounff Girl Is Fatally Burned.
The case of Ernest Moore Chadwick,
alias "Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper,
charged with sending by telegraph a
false and forged message, was set for
retrial in Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday. Attorney Murphy for the de
fendant filed an affidavit by Chadwick
giving hia reasons why the case should
be transferred to another court. One
of the reasons was that the Judge had
strongly condemned Chadwick's con
duct while passing sentence upon him
at the first trial. The Judge took the
matter under advisement for a week.
Wants Case Transferred.
3IARRIKD SA3IE MAX TWICE
AND FINDS HIM A BIGAMIST
ton mill Industries, has weighed upon
the market. The net result has been to
bring Into question the wisdom of the
warrant for the recent large advances
in prices of securities and to promote
selling.
Bonds have become duir and some
what reactionary. United States 2's
have declined \% and 3's registered and
new 4's hi per cent on call 6ince last
week. •
NEW YORK, July 30.— The • Finan
cier says: The feature of the official
statement of the New York associated
banks last week was a further decrease
of $6,269,600 in cash, which was expect
ed from the traceable movements of
money during the week. Though this
increase was less by $1,248,200 than that
which was estimated, the discrepancy
may be accounted for In part by the
payment to the treasury on Friday of
52,800,000 through the banks on ac
count of Central Papiflc Railroad in
debtedness to the Government, ihis
payment making an average loss to the
banks of about $500,000. The general
deposits were Increased by $3,522,400
and the required reserve was thereby
augmented $S80,600 — deducting which
sum from the gain in cash as above
left $5,SS0,000 as the increase in surplus
reserve to $55,989,600, the highest since
July 2. 1S98, when the surplus was $62,
013,550. Computed upon the basis of
deposits less those of $23,353,700 public
funds the surplus now is $61,82S,025. It
is noteworthy that since May 22 this
year the cash item has Increased $69,
000,000 and deposits 104 2-5 millions.
The surplus reserve is higher by $43,~
162,350 than it was on May 14 last.
Loans were reduced last week by $2,
511,100; cancellations of syndicate bor
rowings offsetting the amount of new
loans of corporations and commission
houses.
Efforts to Settle Troubles of Brick
layers dime to Naught.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— Efforts tc£
end tne bricklayers' strike in the i
Washington barracks have failed. An
authorized committee from the BrirSc- j
layers* Union proposed to Captafa j
Stwe'.i, in charge of the work, that if
he would discharge the men taken on ;
to £11 the places of the strikers, the j
men who struck on uccoubt of the em- j
ployrr.ent cf Taylor, the colored non- j
union bricklayer, -vould return to work. !
Captain Sewell rejected the proposition
on the ground that the strike-breakers
are now under the' civil service regu
lations and cannot be discharged ex
cept fcr cause.
FAIL TO END STRIKE.
The. second division will be in com
mand of Brigadier General J. Frank
lin Bel* and will go into camp near
ThoroJghJare, Va.
The problems to be worked out by
the troops have not yet been made
public but it Is understood that the
two camps *wiil be maintained as hos
• roes and v J 11 attempt to surprise
and outrnaneux'er each other. The
'field includes fifty square miles of ter-
al Henry. C. Corbin, commanding the
Atlantic: division, has completed all the
arrangements for the joint maneuvers
in Virginia to be held September 5 to
10 r.ext and in which a force of 27,000
tegular and National Guard troops will
participate. The force will be organ
izes la t'.vo divisions with corps head
'iuarttr^- at Gainesville, Va.
The first division will be in command
of Brigadier General Frederick D.
client and its camp wj|l,j be near
lianas-Fas, Va.
Major General Corbin Completes Ar
raajrements for Practice Canir>
in Virginia.
NEW YORK, July SO.— Major Gener-
MILITIA AND REGULARS
READY FOR MANEUVERS
GREAT FALLS. Mont., July SO.—
:-"• r.iana Central and Great Northern
trains are arriving here from three to
ft ur hours late as a result of the scar
city of wata- in Northern Montana.
Last nights" train from Shelby lost
Three hours in 134 ml'es owing' to; in
ability to get water at It*- tanks. Two
tanks were totally dry, '"a.nd it was
necessary for th- engine to leave the
train and go searching for water. All
of the smaller watercourses and lakes
are dry. and the problem of getting
water Is becoming a serious one for the
railroads.
Banker "W. J. ; Conrad, who has just
returned from the north, says that but
for the Irrigation canal, from which
2i,003 cattle are drinking, the carcasses
of anj«na!s v.-ould be pi>d high on the
prairie. There is no water in the nat
ural courses.
A complaint has been lodged With
State Agent Schoenfeld of the Humane
Society that one band of 3000 cattle in
the northern portion of the State has
been without water for several days,
and unless something be done they will
die of thirst.
Aa a result of the extremely dry con
ditions forest fires are raging in at least
e. dozen places in Northern Montana,
end it is roughly estimated that in the
neighborhood of 5000 acres of timber
land has "been burned over, with the
damage done running into the thou
sands of dollars.
Specisl Distich to Th» Call.
EXCHANGE RATE REISAXES.
Offerings of commercial bills of ex
change proved to be very light and
something like a scramble among the
Some active speculative liquidation
has developed in this week's stock mar
ket, and iftj sharp reaction In prices re
sulted, in marked contrast with the
dull resistance to pressure which was
the feature of the market last week
and since the recent advance in prices
began to awaken susplc'^n and inti
mate further efforts to v-at up prices.
'The reaction was aggravated by some
of the happenings of the week in the
world of affairs, but it was inaugurated
before these became an influence and
began in th * face of some very favor
able news.
Railroad officials in their published
utterances on Monday showed a sud
den revulsion in sentiment from the
discouraged tone of the week before
and spoke in a very cheerful tone of
the short live * effect of the wheat crop
scare on traffic offerings and on busi
ness sentiment In their respective ter
ritories. The crop news of most of the
week has also been good. The sudden
bound in the exchange rate to the gold
export point was the most impressive
result to the apprehension of the New
York market. The rise in the London
money market, which was the immedi
ate cause of this, was only partly at
tributable to^the war scare. The Lon
don money0narket was considerably
involved in underwritings to new is
sues which proved hard to digest, and
as the relaxation of money there, ex
pected with the turn of the fiscal year,
failed to develop, the war scare came
on a weak money position. In our
market ther* had been sales of sterling
exchange in expectation of an early
outward movement in quantity of
grain and cotton, which was in effect
an outstanding short interest in ex
change
Nl^V YORK, July SO. — There was
practically no market for stocks to
day, and the body of ths market scar; }-
ly stirred from the former level of
price?. The heaviness of Union Pacific
determined the general tone. This
stock closed at the lowest of the day
at a net decline of "£. It may have
been influenced by the refusal of the
presiding Judge to allow a divideiid dis
tribution on Northern Securities pend
ing the decision^f the suit over the
distribution of assets; but the dom
inant position held L@ Union Pacific all
through the recent advance makes It
especially vulnerable to any reaction
ary tendency. The holiday in thi^Lon
don stock market, with another in
prospect for Monday, deprived Xew
York of its usual initiative from that
source, which is especially relied upon
just now on account of the politicaQsit
uation in Europe as a factor in the se
curities market. This was of great
influence in causing ©e extreme dull
ness of the da*, Unfavorable crop
weather in the rforthwest and another
strong advance in the price of wheat
were not 'calculated to cheer specu
lative sentiment in stocks, and there
was no amelioration reported In the
strained labor situation. The expected
largre addition to the record bank re
serves was viewed with indifference by
bankers, owing to the unprofitable
rates prevailing for loans, and with
uneasiness by speculators as reflecting
continued stagnation of business activ
ity, jankers were quoted as prefer
ring to hold their reserves intact rather
than attempt to put them out on loans
f.t the present unremunerative rates,
and the decrease of $2,611,000 in the
loan item of the bears out the
sincerity of the assertion. The mar
ket closed inanimate and dull.
Total sales of bonds, par value,
$5S0,0O0.
BROKERS SUSPICIOUS.
Humane Society's Attention
Is Called to the Condi
tion of (hie Large ©rove
Hold Reserves Rather Than
©Put T]iem<$)ut at Present
Low rnremiinerative Rate
CATTLE ARE PERISHING
BAXKEKS INDIFFERENT
Tanks Along: the Montana
Railroads Arc Without
Watfer for the Locomotives
Dullness of Market Is At
tributed in Part to De
cision iii the Merger Case.
TRAINS HALTED
BY THE DROUTH
STOCK PRICES
AT STANDSTILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNt) AY, JULY 31, 1904.
29
JOF. KOSKXBERfoS. i_ JOE KOSEXEKRG'S. | JOE KOSEXBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. — JOE ROSEXBERG'S.
f HJIl /IS* fkf *&f\ifoi %& h lakcn o! our stocV " Everjihing has been dusted, counted and passed upon. THE SHEEP
i &%M? IPi -V S^I^ 1 %#l\ g ARE SEPARATED FROM THE GOATS. Whatever was weighed and found wanting has
, \ ** bsen ticketed to 90 wilhout delay. To part with ThT Tir^'KTTATr 1 ITTrK
merchandise that cost us a lot of money for such a little figure as we attach to the articles below is essentially tS vKJLNlrlU UP uiJUli^
YOU'LL THINK SQ AND; YOUXL KNOW SO WHEN YOU SEE THE GOODS. THE PRICE CUTTER NEVER DISAPPOINTS.
n|^^p|pp^§| 2? the talKinp, for if we were SiStASSSSSii^SB
of Ksyptian thi-e&d. swiss ribbed. Improvers . for M ade of sateen and [O Say ten tmiCS BS mUCh it as it gives them a more Blender ef- Ladies 1 Tab and Collar combined,
umbrella shape; trimmed with four- wire haircloth, all filled with steril- ,-f u. feet; made of extra strong metaL Made of Pcir.t de Venice Lice. la
inch wide crocheted lace, ized hair, most of them ventilated. WOUlfi HOI DC aS COnVUlCmS. Women who have used them *f\ rice and wheat designs. In- <r<
2££&%^&^g* C an! foTVJnT t k o ind red^ ?Q C -- . * gjff *™*"* "«** »f IOC -ggg to close Out a ] 5 C
summer fcoods quickly, now.. &'v , ., ¦ . V» cm i nce q-antity
PLUo Or IjACEB- SA P N ., -f™^- « nn . t, ., „ , Never sold at as low a price as now. At the low price we are offering LAB AKS Ti3-
Our lo\v price- will, do it Black The Alamo brand, none better. Made Reducing stock— low price will do it. these petticoats: made of striped In the newest op-nwork designs: all
French ;>Chany 11 y J^ace Insertiorf. of all^Ilk. 5 in. -Ride, sash ribbon All-silk Taffeta Ribbon, alpaca fin- brocade, stainless black. deep double-twisted edge— the tw« wasH-
Chantil.v patterns: 3 inches ri wld i|^ T X^jP. t ' m '«; J'l ute - 1 f 2 mo . n - Ish. corded edge, satin dotted o flounce, finished with a mffle; tailor ing kind. To maks them »?ll -in
wide. Many patterns to choose JQ cardllfal. etc. to close out our limit- effect; in white only; 3* in. X(* stitched bands; dust ruffle. Real . quickly, this low price will 1")C
from. In zigzag effects "r ed quantity, in^ stead of 00c. .wide. at. ->-ard <-»V worth $2 00 ick doit. X%Jk *
Monday* and . Tuesday s /i{* - , . rlMrarro sal* nrlra VI SS
TBEPOVSSS— &A9ZS3' GLOVES- price .. . '. • U * * GENTS' HAHDXESCHIETS— . . .?. .. ... .^V.-.V.* .*.' •? * #tJ D AUOVEE VST OS WI3BUTO-
• The genuine kind). Made of dou- -._„_ TWfl EHTlOirs_ Made on Belfast law m full size; Made of Point de G-ne lace.
We-twisted si k; doubl« ringer tips; CIO7WT IKSEBTIOKS— neat and narrow hemstitched bor- HAT PIHS— . Eighteen inches wide. In ecru and
two patent clasps; stitcl^d rjn. Two and three inches wide; -^ ders. We do not expect the n Our own make; full 0 inches P white. Instead of J1.00. nn
In .. bla . ck .. ai : d .. wh : t . c : 5Uc s^t^^r^ 13 . 31 ..^..^.^. 3c j^i^^^sa^s 5c n^^rA^^ 55c
I.OW PRICES MAXE QUICfe SAX.ES- • ' I .... ===== = £L nr, TAX ikO . STOCK X2I OTO HOSJEBT UEPASTKIMrT-
?nn r cf ??feJS a Sl^fv««2l,H 1^ Srtf^Sf* xrlli^of lm- - --^r^— --— — -J^~^~>^ _ W. nnd we have a great many odds and end-, on hand, of
long if good quality, nt and finish count. Made otun the good wearing ar.d fitting kind. Our profit go4s ur in
That any n^p rn n 1)» pmud of. Don't judgr* th» ability / / ftf/jy*J%Zr%& Trice
by tl-.A i.,w pric», as you will be agreeably ple.as.'.i. Made , / iszffM $V&f.'&fc**'&t&££Zi Jc* "*" 3 3= s^*S^? 1( S?Qct»?®vpA v \\\\
of Imported whit*- lawn: full puff sleeves; tucked front I WMi^^ft^^^^^Mj^.^^^^mS^^^M^m INDIES' HOSE—
and back; strip of embroidery insertion down Cf\ I \\flH {m^l^t^^^P^^^^^^^^^^^e^&^^^itW^n Made of Egyptian cotton, velvet finish: parrot flt- **r>
front; also box-plaittildetachable Collar. Now.. J\jQ,°° \\\KvvwM^l/^vji D^ 8 fife ting: seamless; white feet or soles. Just the hos* /Sf»
H w ' ' N^^^^wS^^^^^^^^^^SSmIS^Jv/' for sore or tender feet; summer weight. Our price
OKE-THIED TO OKE-EALP THE XTSUAI. PKICE— I LADIES' HOSE—
On Ladies' Crocheted Shawls. Made of Shetland floss; full 1 Made ofTParis lisle, fast hKck and stainless: In T n
siz-. fancy depipns. Just the garment for these cool sum- MTJft4$-V?S^^flS5^^S®TOSSE aaSaP^^^SgV^' thc openwork lace effect all around. Heal worth JjC*
mer nights. Wo would like to have you inspect nf\ HlfilnJ^^^^^^^^^k^^^^^^^^^mSr^'^ 5Oc; marked t0 c: ° se out ww
thorn, and you will more than appreciate the low $\JQ, JV r M\M\\t^wi mSa^^^^^^^^^^4 1\ ! CHILDBEDS HOSE-
pnCe "' C_ .^^^^^rS^^WSBBS^SSSlMm^ I Made of Sea Island thread, fast black, jersey -i^l
ANTICIPATE ZOUB WANTS W 'vi i ribbed; double heels, t^s and kr.ce.^ 1&2C
Here are some I^di^s' Combination Suits that we found j ,
• •n top of th<» counter of our reserve' stock — that should x -Mj^>^J5iJ^\i^^^i^^^^&SrX^^y*' MONEY SAVEBS AT MOSET-SAVnG "»RICr*"S
have be^n sold, and will be sold at the low prlco we have /s^-z&^^^^^^^ir^&jSth \iAt&*^££2~?^%%&y/ t a,ii«.«- r=mhi n Mirm v>r,^-«+ r*r -.«- J ~i. ~*. 1 *
put on them. Hign necK and long sieves, anKie 1 lengin, ff/tf/yte&Z] ls2^W^ Vi fi*'"J»>»7A.fl xT^^^^^ a seal - Levant and morocco skin: extra strong clasp and
more SrcS vou to • v ™em aflde for wn SOp VW > WW'i^M^n '^M^i \ C f rd ca " and pocket W>li sewed; not the
ter . Prfce . ..^ .. ..^.. ?!^. ?....... ' W .vL'^^V^^IeU /uW F^\ c =^l'i W brown, black, also tan. Real worth nrv
HEBE ABE SOME LADIES 1 HOSE SXJPPOBTEBS j V i P UV Vv\ f//i>irV^l - *^VW
AND BOUND OABTE3S ', T^"^\tF A\ \JlfVh ff j XiASZES' HANS BAGS
At prices that will be an agreeable surprise to your purse: /^^^^T^fS^ l]%Z&\* xt * Jfflft-^^/P WUh the ***** handles. Made of soft tanned walrus
HOTJND GAETIES— /y ~^ \fdll * /K^^r^ 1^^,^ skin; moire lir.ed, with card cas<9 and purse inside to
* Made of fancy frilled lisle elastic and fancy metal c /%*, fo^^^^*^,/]//^ _/#%&<; C0 *SttZ%^\ ?|^ h: P f a *•?' l J™™',,}™^ » br ° Wn ° f
clasp with fleur de lis designs, finished with satin 25C /ZJ^ 'W&£**0=£ • WW -PyCj^'ljl y^JW^\ then come here Sd kle^ ho w the S11 1
riUDon dowjj, in pinK, Diue ana uiacK. iTiot? |// » *^T^?~_ ~ — ' — *zT Hilly <tt s/v*i3 t 'i wits cA^V Pric6 C* l tt'* r ' s**lls ' h t* ¦* •
0^ 3 ANI> H ° SE ST I PPOBTI:BS » COM - \^m'^^^^^ : fjC^ /^/W\ /K^J^^^C I °TA B 5^»S :l> XIT "™ COBEBSAirD HAIB BS-
sJ™ 0 of s trong"efa a S P ttc wifh S^ctlebreted^-^iJ? 11 ' 1^'^^gS; MtdT^ell tortone. which Is stronger and more elastic
vet vrtv .buttons attached' *ln black blue Dink and O^f* V%%% , ii^^r 'I^^M'^^^r^Y/^ J? «m\ than the reaI tortoise shell: crinkled teeth: curved to flt
rPd e pj-i^ attached, in black, blue, pinK ana £J^, L^^ . I^^^^^^f! Js^ fcs^i>^^^J/^y^?A..^ vl \n>^>V snugly to the head: gathers up all the stray hairs -t f\
:. **^Cllj^5}-i^ZlJ± < ' — I an( * ee P s them In place. Worth three times the I \j(\
IT WE WEBE NOT OVERSTOCKED IN SEIiT -=-*— price we ask for these A pair * w **
BUCKLES j A t"4"^ Jf*^ TB^. TW^%TST 3T>fc. \Ji"" %. THE SECtXBITY BI7CKI.E, BACK COMB OB
You would never be able to buy ther-. at such low prices /\^ IsMc M W I^Al W^A 3 « *^ -* EETAI2TEE--
llfS^l^fl^^l^ 15c K ~- A flgl;lu 1 |^i^i^H^'!M?S! isc
|^^ip^ ; WM Win '^k?!' «««»»¦««»«» cor-' >»n»n»^»a»»»a- •«m«>«« S -
manufacturer discontinued making. had some extra inducements in the The snug fitting kiiid; high neck and croLot- Se of al slfc r'hffnn- • Viv -«m. «i?/htiJ^«^5 £ ~
HfiR2&S2& -OV^ 6^? wfar'd'epartme^^ 11 ' 5 Under " *™*«**™: ofmfi' wafd^wn "the 'S£*£ W £i i acV/re's ffljJSlcuSS^noY
v.i\l from oOc to , O C per v. ear department. front; jersey knit, summer ends chenille dotted; in black, C/ v able with naked eye; made on fine
J^A- "szrLJsrz iii „; Sed to " r " $*% 25c ™» • M ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ •» - w - 5Oc ssass
fakisiaiia — juow necK ana no sleeves; made of deslcnv Tr«tpari nf v^r an* ~<
French Empire Corset: made of silk EngMsh thread, summer weight, SIIK EMBEOIDEEED CHIPrOK AT LADIES' VESTS 2?c »t th» Prir. rnttJr-i I Hr»
satin tape; aluminold boning; 9fk swiss and openwork lace effect; deep QUICK CLEARANCE SALE Low and shield «han»r! . m h fl i,, ' ivW
rustproof; in pink, blue, SVJ(» yoke of Normandy and Valenciennes . PRICES. . / which Vu can use In S nf
white and black. Price «" w !?„?,,,!"/ "flh^X !!!3 armholes 20 inches wide: dotted and flowered shields; made of Vega Silk; .win A NECESSTTY-OIBDIJ: TOBM—
CB A LA SPIBITE- face I^St not consider^ on ribbed; neck and armholes finished To be worn under ribbons or other
° S™, summTr^t^corsK; princess o^else "ou could^no^^ \ 7 C 2Sis.BC? nS? £ 'r^.. ¦ W -0U J«J f^ J{ed g^^^*^ »«./«• • £i ???*
"^.^eu^cuWcS/l^y'iSd theSe =5C Snd 35C VCStS ' On " t ' ' \ «4 whJS !»%• to fiy* bo^ed wit^V^ne^wha^lSc
f m r^t SceL Ia ?f C wl-hl« b you^^^ X^DIES- TIGHTS- f . . « * - . . « - - 1 "^ & QUl< * clearan «-' SOC bones. In black or white. Price * J^
XHE^CE^BATED SO^TT. J |J [ HUOL IIDCIIU —^ T d w,^ M«, g
f , B T T ? a v< * .___,,. _-_. W «¦ THE PRICE CUTTER justable steel buckle: the lfJC stead of 15c and "0c t*la week J **
Made of imported sateen, bias cut. CHILD'S TIGHTS — newest crush effect Price * v » »*.c»u «i "i- ana * JC ' l " 13 WB eit
lace trimmed; In black and gray; Just the garment to save your QIC Uar!rpf Qf II n'FarTPll * ' " ' ttbce satts wtcwbtwo ¦ PT o« ttt .
in the newest shapes. If we have laundry bill; stainless black Part- °'° ™ dniel ai - » U "11811 01. XJiOV OiX!AH1 . KS __ r^ZT^I? 7 5i 1 •""
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wrinkled
' — f\1SD —
They tell of a defect of the scalp
or of s.-;ki;cy» and pain, of work and
worr}'. or ev«n of imprudent living.
Why advertise your troubles?
I will devote this ccminj week to
FREE TREATMENTS
Sufficient to convince the most skeptical
t!iat every woman can possess that chief
ese-enttal to beauty — a fresh, healthy ccm-
j-l'xSon and beautiful hair.
Tou probably fully realize how obnox-
ious theee blemishes are. but you are too
»«3sHive to invtf tigate a • treatment for
their removal. Do you know the longer
these blvnisfces «re allowed to run on un-
checked the mcr* numerous they become?
Consider thl« coming weak your oppor-
tunity and let me prove what I can do
toward renovating- your" skin and restore
your rray hal!(^) Remember, Investigation
ccsts you nothrcr. I have yet found no
case cf skin affliction beyond repair. Con-
sultation strictly private. No pub\{clty.
POUR-DAY H/\IR RESTORER
Imparts the natural color to gray or faded
hsur. Net a <iye. No disagreeable after
effect?, nor stickiness. $1.00.
SuperflnOUS T .hat greatest of all
mi in disfigurements of a
n*li woman's face, perma-
nently removed in the only suc-
cessful way with the ELECTRIC
needle, as operated by Mrs. Har-
rison.
Sample box of Lola Montez
Creme and my face powder sent
free. _J
Vislt me and see what may be
done for you.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
140 Geary St , Opp. City of Paris,
San Francisco.
ADVERTISOLELNTS.
ill/ J5C IWX' ***** |g -. yL^zc^i^ y\\
¦
A work that will bring joy and quick relief to all deaf people Is now being
distributed absolutely free of charge. It contains new and valuable Information
in regard to the new cure for deafness. It was written by a specialist celebrated
throughout North America for hia cures of this affliction. He wrote this book as
a gift to humanity. It Is
YOURS FOR THE ASKING { ;&£:>
Perhaps you question "Why?" Because this famous physician I I *
feels that it is his duty to God and man to give freely of his knowl- ; ; I
edge and skill to all such as stand in need. During the long years I • ;¦
of his practice, his heart has often ached over the silent suffering* I I, '• -
of the victims of deaf ness. He understands in the fullest, degree • • '
what it means for them to bf shut off from all th** joyous "world of
sound — the song of birds, the delights of music, the dear voices of ; ; '.
relatives and friends. • I
He wrote this work as a labor of love -to point out the way to a * I I
cure for all who are deaf. From cover to cover it is full of the most I • ;
valuable medical information. It shows how the inner tubes of th« • I ¦-;
ear become blocked up; it explains the strange and terrible ringing. Z * I
buzzing noises In the car; it is illustrated by the finest of drawings J Z ;'•.-
made by the best artists: it points out with truthful and positive I Z ¦••-
hand t be way t-» restored hearing. m*W ¦''¦-I- '"'¦
SEND FOR IT AT ONCE j j !
Do not delay! Th*" demand for the book has br-en so tremexnj>us * I •
that its author. Dr. Sproule. the distinguished specialist* >ias just '. • I
gotten out a second edition, that all who desire may ha«C- a copy. • I
"Whoever is troubled with deafness in nvcr. the slightest degree is '.$i»wi&"S§i*fi
gladly and freely welcome to this book. Thousands who have re- ; I •
ceived it bless the kindly hand that wrote it, and that distributes, it
without a thought of payment. It was the means of restoring their I 35 I
hearing. Let it restore yours. g •
Write your name and address plainly on the dotted lines, rat out B jj 3#
and send to Dr. Sprcrale, B. A.. Deafness Specialist (Graduate Dublin S fi '
University and formerly Surgeon in the British Royal Naval Ser- < Q '
vice), 165 Dcaae St., Boston. He will send you the book free,- 55 .4 «It Is to Be a Souvenir History of. Triennial Conclave Week in
San Francisco and Will Be a Very Elaborate Work of Art.
Ladies Will Entertain Guests of Committee and Commandery
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PREPARE A BOOK
TO BE GIVEN TO KING EDWARD VII
YOSEMITE VAIiLEY.
Comfortable Stages Over an Oiled
Stage Road.
The Southern Pacific takes the traveler to
Tosemite In the moet comfort through the
grandest scenery. No Big Trees elsewhere to
compare with the Mariposa groves reached en
route; no view of the valley like that from
Inspiration and Artiste' points. You pass at
the foot of El Capitan. by Bridal Veil, and
have a grand view of Yosemite Falls. Leav
ing, go out via Glacier Point, through ¦wonder
ful scenery. Meals only 50 cents and courteous
attention everywhere. AFk for folder and full
information of any agent or at 613 Market Bt •
No man ever, stays long in the sub
urbs of sin.
The ladies will have quarters adjoin
ing ;the headquarters of the command
ery.' and these will be arranged as a
Chinese room and will be in charge of
Mrs. George E. Howe, who will be as-
Eisted by a committee changed period
ically and taken alphabetically from
the list of those composing, the general
committee, bo that each,' t wlll ehare in
The ladies* reception committee Is
arranging for entertainment at the
Palace on a grand scale. The large
parlors that are to be occupied by the
committee, as well as the approaches
to them, will be decorated in Oriental
splendor and there will be, with other
features, a musical programme under
the direction of Mrs. Marriner-Camp
bell. Among the number who have
been selected to sing during the week
are Miss Eleanor McLennan. Princess
of the Tonga Islands, who, clothed in
the native garb of those islands, will
ting the songs of the Tongas. There
will also be songs by Chinese maidens
and vocalization by the Hawaiian
quintet. Miss Ingeborg Resch Petter-
Bon,- Mrs. Kippel Schafter, Miss Julia
Rapier Tharp, the Knickerbocker
quartet, Mrs. Greenleaf Kruger and
Mrs: Marian E. B. Robinson.
The ladies* executive committee of
California Commandery Xo. 1, K. T.,
has organized for the purpose of assist
ing the commandery to entertain in the
Pavilion during conclave week. The
officers are: Mrs. Charles M". Plum,
president: Mrs. Thomas H. Browne,
vice president; Mrs. Thomas L. Hen
derson, secretary. Mrs. Otto F. West
feld was selected as chairman of the
reception committee.
The Knights Templar of California
are gathering the material for a sou
venir of the triennial conclave of the
current year in this city. It will be
a bound volume very artistically fin
ished and will be kept In each com
mandery as a record of the eventful
¦week. A copy will also be furnished
to every member who may desire one.
A special edition of the book will be
prepared, for presentation to King Ed
ward Vli of England as a token of
appreciation of the honor bestowed
upon the California Knights in send
ing a delegation of distinguished
Knights representing the highest Ma
sonic bodies of England and "Wales,
and in view of the further fact that
this la the first time in the history of
Templarism that u. conclave has thus
been honored by a foreign potentate.
The presentation volume is to be
printed on vellum and will have S00
pages, nine by twelve inches, and
bound In appropriate covers. These
ere to be entirely of hand wrought
silver worked into u rich yet simple
echeme of fourteenth century bands,
graceful scrolls and silver studding.
The dimensions of the cover are such
as to jyjrmit ample space for an im
posing figure of a golden Knight, sug
gestively backed by a crimson cross
and an underlay of morocco of the
eame color. The rest of the back
ground for th£ silver work is of black
morocco, a rich and appropriate com
bination of crimson, black and silver.
Tlie reverse cover Is bordered with a
silver band massively studded with
wrought silver nails over uniform
black morocco, relieved by a center
plate, upon which is engraved the seal
of California. The two covers are
held by a clasp of heavy wrought sil
ver.
charge of the ladies' committee, there
is to be entertainment in the headquar
ters of the commandery for the Sir
Knights.
entertaining the guests of the com
mandery-
It has been decided that each "mem
ber of the committee shall wear a Tem
plar black cloak, lined with white silk
and havins a silver Maltese cross on
the right shoulder. The cape will, be
held at the throat by two silver clasps,
each* in the form of the letter "C." At
a meeting to be held this week and
after consultation with the committee
of the commandery the ladies will de
termine upon the character of enter
tainment to be furnished. It is the In
tention of the commandery and the la
dies to present something unique and
novel, that will impress the visitors and
have them carry away pleasant recol
lections of the commandery and of the
women who will assist it.
In addition to the reception-room in
GUANO MASTER OF THK KNIGHTS OF MALTA AND SOVEREIGN OF THE UNITED ORDER FOR GREAT BRITAIN AND
IRELAND. SOUVENIR OK THE COMING KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE WHICH "WILL BE PRESENTED TO HIM AND
TWO WOMEN WHO WILL HELP ENTERTAIN THE VISITORS. ¦ »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi:, SUNDAY, JULY ,110 1004
30
ADVERTISED EXTS.
womI 7 s breast
ANY LUMP IN WOMAN'S BREAST
IS NEARLY ALWAYS CANCER I
Anytumer,lump,or sore on the lip, fact
or anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never pain
until almost past curt I
Two Physicians Offer $1000 if They
Fail to Care Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OH PAIN at HALF PEICB
for 30 days.
Not a dollar need be paid until cured.
Att'Igland shrub or plant makes the cures
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Best book on cancers ever printed sent free
with testimonials of thousands cured whom
- you can see. A
¥ WsJrTarfTj^t^HP*^^ n t n ' r ty years we
I I Py?VT 7 ft I* *1 f? iMil h aTeoure '' rnore
»^^ Address:
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CAJfCEB,
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great >}
MUSEUM OF flBflTAMYl
0 6$ lC511ii2IK6S.Ut.67k*7tf»,S.r.3al. A
\ ,vf^ The LtrfMt Anatovical Museum la the \
Q -JLZ. World. Waaluessc* *r toy contracted A
7 fSyBga di»e»« ji»pJ««»«lre«r««hyth«eldeit V
A (if%2& OR. J0RDAM-CISEA8ES OF MEN A
\ r^jiml Confu'.tilion frta and ttritllr printe. \
0 I QwH Traatroctit perinnaliy or by letter. A Q
T Q ff xh H Pctitm§ Our* in cr cry easa undemken. \
APB lift WriteforBook.rniI.OHOMnr.fi
V ' B ll~ BAKRIA6K. MAILKO FXKB. (AT
A 0 Ir valuable book far mrn) \
Q DB. JOBDAN A CO.. 10S1 Mnrkrt St.. 8. F. 9
fmi mm
California Northwestern Railway
THE- PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA. . ...
DEER HUNTING....
I The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.
The DEER SEASpN opens
July 15th in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August 1st in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; ,-Jvly 15th in Marin
County.
Black Bass Fishing...
Opened July 1st. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion.
TAKE YOUR ROD—Our Rivers
i and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws are enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
1904," to be had at the offices of the"
Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market sL (Chronicle
building) and Tlburon Ferry; General Otftt.*,
Mutual Life Building-, corner California and
Eansome sts.. San Francisco. Cal.
JAS. L. PRAZIKR, General Manager.
R, X. RTAN. General Passenger Agent.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Paelflo Grove. California. "The IJttl* Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The olac« to spend your vacation with your
,'famlly. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
\with board $2 CO a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every on« knows that Adams water cure*
stomach. Uver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars writ* to W. R. PRA-
THER.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Uuernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; wtu build a dam In tha river; 4 miles
of smcoth water for boating and bathing.
Adults $2 per day. $10 per week; children
under 10. half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L,. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camo Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. bo-
noraa County, CaL
THE ANCHORAGE,
Beautifully situated among the redwoods, sum-
mit Santa Cruz Mountains: private boarding;
new rustic cottages for housekeeping. For full
particulars address The Anchorage. Wrights,
Santa Clara County, Cal. ...
OWN in mountains CAMP
SUMMER HOIKS of Sonoma Co. SIEEXEB
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill; 900 lots sold; 800 cottage*
built. Saufalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. •
MARK WEST SPKINGS.
H. KOENER, Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER vrltl manage springs;
many improvements: new cement bathhouse,
and gas all over place; $2 day; $10 and $12
week. Office, 8-'J3 Larkln St., cor. Geary or
Mark West Springs. Santa Roea. Rural No. 0.
CALirOENIA SUSWOOD r&BK (Blc
Basin) — Union Mill Camp and Tavern; 8 miles
fiom Boulik-r Creek R. It. station Dally stage
Family table. Furnished cabins; camping
grounds; $S and $10 per week. Unuer the giant
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scenery.
•SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder Creek, CaL
BIVEESIDE HOTEL and COTTAGES
•—Near beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; spe-
cial rates to families; writ* for booklet. B".
B ARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux.
BEILEVUE HOTEL. £1 Verano, 8o-
aoma Co., Cal 'Terms, $1 day and up; ' ho:
mineral springs near by. Long distance teit.
phone; dally mall. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
SCHAEFER'S GROVE — ROSS VA1I.ET.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Teaaj
meets Sunday morning trains. Address liiM.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
DE LA ROZA resort, Santa Cruz Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping.. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Glbbs. CaL
For Bent — Camp Meeker — Cottage fur-
nished complete for housekeeping. Box 23S1,
Call office. / .
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the Ills that hun.«mlty Is heir to, but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottage*, $3 00 to $6 00 per
week.
Bend for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco.
/ITT TA/\TT
| GILROY |
[HOT SPRINGS]
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9 a. m.,
regular stage; 3:30 p. m., spe-
cial stage. Write fos* pam-
phlets. R. ROBERTSON.
There are traps and sad-
dle horses at
AETNA SPRINGS
A gallop down the valley
' at dusk is an event long
remembered. The drives
also are full of pleasure.
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa County, Cal.
Santa Gatalina Island
Z\i Hours Prom Los Angeles. Eeaaon 1901
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tenU at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropoie.
Modern !n all particular?.
For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BITREATJ, 11
Montgomery 6t.. or BANNING CO.. 223 8.
Spring st, Los Angeles.
HOT SPRINGS
¦Why Is It *o Immensely popular? Because
of its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our Natural Steam and Plunge Baths
and stomach waters are a positive cure for
Rheumatism. Malaria, Bladder, Uver. Kidney
and all Stomach Troubles. Arsenic Beauty
Baths, Swlmmine. Paid Orchestra. Dancing
evi-ry evening. Dairy. Children's Play Grounds.
Electric Lights: $10 to $12 per week. Baths
and amusements free. Booklets Peck's. 11
Montgomery st., S. P. Co.. 613 Market, or
H. II. McGOWAN, Selsler. Lake County.
Fare reduced to |0 round trip.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Slsktyou County. California.
Write to EDSOM BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J. '
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates S3 week up; stags
meets train. Bchuler & Scheben. Napa, Cal.
JOHANMSBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery at.
AKEPOKT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 12:30,
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-passengsr
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lnt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Sprint $
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
of California N. W. Ry., C50 Market su. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITE BVJJPSVJb SPBIlf OS, VaUe Jo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to Ban Krancuco
round trip $1. .no stage fare; only 2Vi hours
ride; 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for ' boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. )»*»•«.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID, Vallejo. Cal.
OCCIDENTAL BOTEL, SAYWARDS,
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement ball, etc Special rate* tn tAtntll**.
Terms reasonable. A, UAUDAKl), l'rv>>.{
phone Black 141.
NOBTE SHORE HOTEI.— On Tom*l«>.<i
Bay. Good: table and . accommodations H.-u»«
gas-lighted.' Prices very reasonable, MK8. J.
' SHIELDS. Marshalla. Marln County, Cal.
EL U O^CII I
Mineral Springs.
OPEJT EVBBY BAT IH THE TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I was attacked wlta that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Springs. Ark., failed to help roe. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
c "J**rh of stomach head and bladder aa a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles became
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
drum, nay e y ea grew weak my memory bad,
my nerves wrecked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened ilnc» was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths— after thre* weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyealght perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat,
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed i
*"<! Vp and down steep hills; am cured of this
d*ea<» disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores In seventeen towns of the
Btate of California; am well known In down-
town dletrlcta of Ban Francisco: inquiry ther*
win prove truth of my helpless condition *>ree
months ago. Further Information. ad«.r*s»
LOUIS JACOBS. 6 Stockton st.. San Francisco.
We nav* hundreds of testimonials from
others. 6enT 60c In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pad fie.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRIN6S CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Fran 8co. temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10; sura cure- for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five I
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge j
baths and the largedt mineral water swimming i
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, II Montgomery st..
or addrees THEO. RICHARDS. Agu* Calient*
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests.
icgSW[*SiM\ Jose /AA
/ Situated In Vendome Park of 12/
tty I acres, a charming summer resort; M
Vf both city and country advantage*; w
Sr automobile garage on the grounds la
i. free to guests. Bathing pavilion. |W
I? bowling alleys, tennt*. etc. New au- If
Q to road map of the county mailed ?!
'/ on application.' V
iij> J. T. BR0OK3. Manager. \
PARAISO SPBINGS
Monterey County, CaL
The most popular sanitary and healtlk
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot eoda and sulphur baths. largo
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to P. W.
BCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S lit.
FORMATION BUR K AC. 11 Montgomery st.
e%lf n f*f*O H0T springs, sonoma
uKMUUU COUNTY: only 4^ hours
w * from ' San Francisco and
m^mm^m nii g rnll^s staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State. FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVICE; both
morning and afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon
ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Information at
Tourist Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery
St.. or of J. F. MULGREW, Skaggs, Cal.
: CAMP CURRY j
i Get circulars at all railroad of flees.
t Advertised by 4000 guests.
| YOSEMITE
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America,.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPAJVT
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort In
the^EUte. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. -EDGAJt
DURNAN, owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
r. P.. Lake County. CaL
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to tha
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m_.
direct to Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. An- I
derson. Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glea- i
brook; half hour for lunch at Callstoga: also to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake. KeUeyvlU* an^ {
Lakeport. " Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m train 3d and Townsend. and 8:20 a. m,
iralu'from San Jose connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City
CaL '
——.^ Menlo Park, one hour from
II II I T T" V clty " Nln « trains dally. Per-
HI «\ fect cllmat «: beautiful place;
1 1 ill I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
AddremW.J.MV'UUUITH. M«r.. Holtfs School.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not • hospital: beit equipped on Coast; moO.
?rn Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Idtal location; &W acres; one block (rom street
can; writ* tor literature. San Jose. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES TBOM HOFLAHD.
Vine medicinal waters. Hard nm.-he.i hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS. \
tc»l-n*iv»ly Improved; new hotel; gas light.
Urge dining-room, telephone, hunting, fishing,
swttnmtng. bowline, dancing, all amusements.
I>r*onal management. Get booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. W. A. McCORNACK, Prop.
Grand zjuulzsjulm Banri
ElcctricalE mT a Concerts
J2SJ New § °g
•iULajuuLSL Ffnest suLajumsy-.
Pionjr.Surf £ «rr. _ 2 FlrtwoHt*'
and Tub jo Bathing 3 W^erSportif.
Baths C OH thC 3 Roof Cardtn*
OancJn^ & C<XiSt 2 Sommoj
Boatinj and jo c< Theatricals
Fine Salmon G Some- 3 VradcvUI*
Fishing g thing 3 Sptel-tW
Uveh/Drhrog D onifl j« j»
Alonj th« G ,, fh " 3 Special RKir
Coast and !* °" U1C H via S. P. Ry,
Through the j* innC 2 Dnrtnj th*
Redwoods TBTBTBTfTnTX" Enllrt Seawnj
I Spend Your Vacation
for S^tO at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San iu c s a, oblspo ;
Ths most lilsal reacrt for ple*»nr« «ni
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to Saa
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, Saa Luis
ObUpo. Ca].. and return. Including stag*
to and from springs and one -Week's
board for SISO.OO to 922.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modatiens $!).OO to 912.UO per week.
Scenic surroundings. fre« bathing.
boating and fishing on grounds. ~B\a*
rhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavlllcn for t;u?sts. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sutuhur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout bulldlcss and grounds. Our
table Is "w-ell supplied with the best th*
irarket affords. Our stags meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:13 p. a.
•very day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANA6E-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
nun nil Hot s P r » n *»: «» un» aw**.
I I V I I 1 I HI ern pac; ==: 2H boots froni
K I K I I lL k 6aa « trsJa*
II I IB dAii *'- luxurious mineral
U I IIUII " a<1 mui fc*ti«: boui
¦ »¦»¦• tajqn, i a niltH »errtc«
' and appointments. Informatloa at 9. P. Co.
Burden. «13 Market »t.. Feck's Bnr«_a. U
Montgomery St.. or H. R. WAiOJER, BTToa
Hot Springs. CaL
3DR,. O. O. O'IDOlTlT___il_,'S
MIXERAIj SPRINGS AT GLEX ELLEN,
th* best camping, picnics and pleaaur* r*-
scrt oa th« coast. Tha greatest ramadT tat
lung disease, liver and stomach compUlau.
rheumatism and catarrh In th* world; 44
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 3. Tt.
& K. P. R. K. give, special rates to eajnpena
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheaps
no fogs nor poison oak at th* park; mineral.
water, boata, bathing and fishing free). Meais
served at tlotel Riverside at reaaonabl* rate*.
Inquire of DR. C. C- CDONNEIX, ofllo*
1021U Market sC. bat. Sixth aad Bsvtath, 8*a
Francisco. .
Hotel del Cazadero — Giant Redwood
Grove; tree Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing, livery stabl*; first-etas«
board. Sausalito ferry; round trip. |3 75, good
six months. Rates. $2 day. $10 to Jl» weak;
reduced rates by the month. Villa lots for saj*.
J. J. THIRION, Prop.. Casadero, Sonoma Cbk,
Cal.. cr North Shore, Railroad. 628 Market at.
HO TOB CAMP MSESEU! 1TEW S38LA5D EOXZt
laocated In a beautiful grove- clos* to th*
lake; fins playground for tha children; swings*
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and bath-
ing, pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits la
plenty. Board and lodging, only $8 to $7 _ar
week. Address GEORGE HAKISOX. Cam?
Meeker. Sonoma County.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
. W TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:03 p. m- Returning, connects at Track**
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC,^^ 02 -
Cafe European. Nurse*, raalda and children.
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
M. LAWRENCE & CO.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOK.
Beside the usual attractions of a Lak« Taho*
resort we have the only hot springs, the most
sheltered iihore and best fishing. FRANK B»
ALVERSON. Manager. .,
BUB2C0N PASK-A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting in season. Boata. fishing tackl« and
horses at moderats hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephones
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoa. Cat.
TIEFD PIRV IVV* 1 "* cottages; « mllss from
UCCtt fAIlIV imlLaka Tahoe; opea June 1;
elevation CSU7 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Part. CV,.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent ta!*^: climate per-
fect; 18 miles from Truckee. in aa unJ>rokea
forest. For Information Inquire at Traveler
office. 30 Montgomery «.. peck's Informatloa
Bureau, or Mrs. II. M. demons. Truckee. Cal.
CAazPBsx.1. hot spszxos.
In Sltrra Nevada Mountains, sierra Cuunty,
bOOO tect rtavaUun. Ar« beautuuily located
at th* head o: the great Sierra Valley. Ml
mUn long by ' tr.lles wide. *urroumlin£ wnica
Is the great primeval forest of pin* aad flr. A
specially Is made of the table. Tha hot springs
I arr unequaled for th« cure of rheumatism.
gcut. Uver and kidney complaint* and all bioo<S
and skin diseases. Rates for mum and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round 'trip from Saa
Francisco to springs via Uaca. $14 50. Stag*
dally txcept Sunday connecting with • ft. m.
Uau» from Siia rraacUce*
_i^^P Bssssssss^s^^ssttJ^3Bsi sBsP^sssHLyssVSsP 'P^^^sBsyyrff^s»»B3 0JSsOrT*?23j -BIW,,-^P)ymi s^^^sffWsssssT^J ssT^.
j NO HURRAH SALEM
I ...iiv I uUuU KCLlAoLiI... I
I FURNITURE AT LOW PRICES. I
| I
IffiMvHf )w&£z< beautifully carv- » P""" 4 "T |
« • ¦ week, $ J3.75. I
IJi be Make a Specialty of Furnishing Baby J
Mattress, Flats Complete. High I
30 pounds <C M or (\/\ worth of Furni- r>* . 1
8 XX «2g* *7 S MKJ tote and Carpets, Chair I
1 J?«d^ and * cash and'$l.50per Tt . I
1 SZ£ rtgu- week. One dollar per J f ust * T I
I lar $15 value; week opens an account We pay " f . fof I
IS this week f reigh t. Our terms also apply thcbafa * onl y 1
$ft.75 to Oakland, Alameda, Berke- «l 9^ 1
V O ley and all the suburbs, jt * J I
V\$&w£$fM*& Japanese i^ft^ J
» ftS???BW^^ 40C e^. Cottage Art Filling,, 1
I KrAT^U^A^yAtAfj,^T,h^^ Comeearlv Sewed?lined and f
Q ' - laid, yard Uu
j FURNITURE COMPANY
I 338-342 POST STREET.
V ¦-.•••-¦ S- -. ¦ . ¦¦••¦¦,- ¦•• y A
—_^™ ¦^^^¦MK^H i^B^~fl_~a ___BBx_B___O _BBBB_0i ~OBa__agg_BE CSK^BSSB fl^pMthe Presbyterian Eoard of Home Mis
sions in behalf of the Pima Indiana
ir. Arizona, who are said to be perish
ing because the waters of the Gila
River have been diverted from their,
reservation. The committee stated
that no water was available for the ir
rigation of the Indians' lands, and the
Indians, who number about 5000, are
said to be on the verge of starvation
because of the failure of their crops.
The President promised to investigate
the matter, which has been before the
Interior Department for a long time.
The GOOO Foresters of America who
hold their membership in the forty
four courts of San Francisc will cele
brate Foresters* day, August 15, by a
large class initiation in Golden Gate
Hall, at which time it is expected sev
eral hundred strangers will be admit
ted to membership.
On August 20 there will be a grand
ball in the Mechanics' Pavilion under
FORESTERS'. DAY TO BE
FITTINGLY OBSERVED
the auspices of the generq"*, committee
having charge of the initiation. Twen
ty thousand invitations have been is
sued and it is expected that there will
be a greater attendance at that ball
than has ever been in the Pavilion un
der the auspices of any fraternal body.
The officers of the general commit
tee are Thomas J. Emery, president: I
\V. J. Boradori, vice president; i.
Wood, secretary, and J. Cohn, guard
ian.
Court Bay City No. 11 of the For
esters of America has had such a
drain upon its sick and funeral fund
of late that it has had to adopt unus
ual mean3 to replenish the treasury.
It has decided to have a night and a
day at the Chutes on Monday, August
8, the proceeds to be used for the re
plenishment of both funds. Thi3 is
being carried out under the auspices
of the officers of the court, who are:
Max Baruth, chief ranger; J. V. Sands,
sub-chief ranger; Max Grovers,
treasurer; J. Kullman, financial sec
retary; I. O. Kasser, recording secre
tary; J. Lindstadt, senior, and A.
Philpott. junior woodward; James,
Kelleher, senior, and R. Schindler.
junior beadle. ;' *
PI MA INDIANS OBJECTS
OF APPEAL TO PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON. July 30.— An ap
peal was made to President Roosevelt
to-day by a committee representing
Sales are reported by B. Getz as fol
lows: Lot 30x^,20, on the east line of
Thirty-fourth avenue, 130 feet south of
I street, to Minnie Coulter; lot 25x120,
on the east line of Forty-eighth ave
nue, 150 feet south of K street, to Ed
ward L. Landegren; lot 50x120, on the
east line of Forty-second avenue, 100
feet south of O street, to Katherine
Miller; lot 25x120. on the west line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 100 feet north of
J street, to A. C. Campbell; lot 75x120,
on the east line of Forty-eighjth ave
nue, 100 feet north of J street, to A. C.
Campbell; lot 25x120. on the west line
of Ninth avenue, 43.72 feet north of N
street, to William E. Brcnvn; lot 50x100.
on the northwest line of Edinburgh
street, 125 feet northeast of Persia ave
nue, to William H. Reyburn; lot 32:6x
100, on the southwest corner of Thirty
seventh avenue and C street, to L. C.
Simpson and A. C. Crawford; lot 25x
120, on the west line of Tenth avenue,
125 feet south of L street, to George
W. Schrank; lot 25x100, on the north
east line of Persia avenue, 50 feet
southwest of London 1 street, to James
Beaslcy; lot 75x107:6, on the northeast
corner of Forty-eighth avenue and L
street, to J. M. Richardson; lot 75x100,
on the southeast corner of Sargent and
Ralston streets, to" May 1. Wyman; lot
25x100, on the south line of W street,
S2:C feet east of Fortieth avenue, to
May I. Wyman; lot 25x100, on the west
line of Head "street, 150 feet south of
Sargent, to Emma J. Vahlbusch;
lot 20x100, on the west line of
Head street, 200 feet south of Sar
gent, to Margaret Cassidy; lot 25x100,
on west line of Head street, 225 feet
south* of Sargent, to S. B. Sundes; lot
50x100 feet northwest line of Naples
street, 250 feet southwest of Brazil ave
nue, to J. F. Conner; Iot25xl20 feet east
line of Twelfth avenue, 200 feet south of
K street, to Michael J. Greggains; lot
25x100 feet southeast line of Madrid
street,' 150 feet northeast of France ave
nue, to James T. McCray; lot 25x100
feet northwest line of Edinburgh street,
150 feet -'southwest of Brazil • avenue, to
Emma "E. Starr; 50x112:6 feet on the
north line of Hearst avenue, 275 feet
west of Edna street, to Andrew B. Si
monson; 23x120' feet on the south line
of K street. 32:6 feet west of Porty-fifth
avenue, to Joseph F. Butler; 25x120 feet
on the west line of Twenty-first ave-
McNamara, S3S00; lot 50x100. south line
Essex street, near Shattuck avenue.
Berkeley, ft. W. Hayes to Mass,
?600; lot EfoclOO,, south line of Encinal
avenue, 150 feet east of Chestnut street,
Alameda, A. M. Minifee to A. G. Xason,
$80(i: cottage on lot 30x150 on Morton
street, near Santa Clara avenue, Ala
meda, G. Margraff to client of W. F.
Fitch. $1450.
TOWARIX THIS OCEAN.
nue. 200 feet north of Point Lobos ave
nue, to Thomas Jefferson; 25x120 feet
oh the west line of Twenty-first ave
nye, 225 feet north of Point Lobos ave
nue to Henry J. Brooks; 25x120 feet on
on the west line of Twenty-first avenue,
150 feet north of Point Lobos, to Cath
erine Wilkes; 25x120 feet on the east j
line ot Ninth avenue, 100 feet south of !
J street, to Christine Buhlinger; 25x120 ¦
feet on the east line of Forty-eighth
avenue, 175 feet south of K street, to
Bushrod K. Albcrtson: 25x120 feet on
the east line of Nineteenth avenue, 325
feet south of L street, to Albert Gen-
ster; 2:xl20 feet /on the east line of
Nineetenth avenue, 300 feet south of L
street, to Ernestine Genster: 25x120
feet on, the east line j of For
ty-fourth "avenue, 200 feet north of K,
street, to Mary Elliot: 23x120 feet on
the east line of Twenty-seventh avenue,
192 feet south of C street, to Louis Dana
Spencer; 25x100 feet on the south line of
L street, 32:C feet east of Thirtieth ave
nue, to Louis Dana Spencer; 25x100 feer
on the northwest line of Madrid street,
275 feet southwest of Brazil avenue, to
Mary A. Walsh, and 25x100 feet on the
northwest line of Madrid street, 300 feet
southwest of Brazil avenue, to Eugene
A. Mulaney.
The popularity of Marin County as
a place of suburban residence and the
success of the North Shore third-rail
electric service has^ been clearly
demonstrated this season. Portions
of the large Dibblee and Barber
estates at Ross Valley were cut up and
sold out within a period of two weeks.
Other portions are being handled now.
San Anselmo, San Rafael,- Mill Val
ley, Corte Madera. Larkspur and Kent
field are also undergoing a boom In
real estate. These are delightful places
for the all-the-year-round residence,
having many:)advantages. Farther up
the line at Fairfax, San Geronimo, La
gunitas, and Taylorville villa lots are
meeting with prompt sales. The Mail
lard estate at Lagunitas has disposed
of twenty lots within a short time.
The tunnel through "White Hill will be
completed early in September. This
tunnel will shorten the distance by
from twenty to forty minutes, thus
bringing Point Reyes. Lagunitas, etc.,
within a reasonable suburban distance.
Madison & Burke renort the fol
lowing sales: Lot on northeast line
of Eighth street. 68 feet north of
Brannan, 68:9x275 feet, for the Tread
well estate, for $16,500; north line of
Sacramento street, east of Kearny, 45x
95 feet, with two-story and basement
brick buiidlnir. for D. Cobb. for
$30,000: lot 28x82:6, on the east
line of Devisadero street, 72 feet
MAXY HOUSES AXI> LOTS.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt the property at
the intersection of the northerly line of
Jackson street with the northeasterly
line of Montgomery avenue, having 107
feet on Montgomery avenue and 70 feet
on Jackson street, by 275 feet depth to
Pacific street. On the last named street
the frontage is 137:6 feet. About one
third of the land is improved with old
three-story brick buildings that rent
for $428 50 a month. The sale price was
$85,000. Baldwin & Howell represented
the purchaser, whose name is not fur
nished by the brokers.
Another sale of San Francisco real
estate has been made for Mrs. William
K. Vanderbilt Jr. by Thomas Magee Qt
Sons. The property is the northwest
corner of Washington and Drumm
streets, fronting i45 feet on the north
side of Washington street by 120 feet
deep on Drumm street, back to Oregon
street in the rear, on which the front
age is also 145 feet. It is covered by a
solid two-story and basement building
of brick and iron, built originally
strong enough to carry several more
stories. It Is occupied by L. Scatena &
Co.. Garcia & Maggini and R. K. Mal
colm under a lease, which has three
years yet to run, at a monthly rental of
5590. The price paid was $115,000. The
purchaser is B. M. Gunn. With the
sales of Mrs. Vanderbilt's property al
ready reported, and others yet to be
made, it is understood that more than
$500,000 worth of the Vanderbilt prop
erty has already been sold.
Hoag & Lansdale report that a client
of theirs has proved the highest bidder
far the Alvinza Hayward property, lo
cated on the northwest corner of Van
Nefs avenue and Lombard street, front
ing 27LS2 feet on Van Ness avenue,
with a frontage of 384:9 feet on Lom
bard street. The bid which secured the
property was $48,155. Quite a number
of bids were received on the piece,
which Is exceptionally well situated.
Hoag & Lansdale have planned to sub
divide the holding into extra large resi
dence lots, and will probably erect
three or four houses on different lots in
the very near future.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: Lot 50x120 feet on the west line
of Forty-sixth avenue, 275 feet north
of I street, to F. W. Fulmore; 75x123
feet, with Improvements, on the south
line of Montana street, 375 feet west of
Plymouth, to J. R. -Augustus, for $1100;
37:6x120 feet on the southwest corner of
Forty-eighth avenue and L street, to
Maud "Wilson; 100x110 feet on the south
west corner of Thirty-fifth avenue and
J street, to M- S. Simrak; 25x120 feet
on the east line of Forty-sixth avenue,
275 feet north of I street, to H. M.- Gal
vin.
FORMER FAIR J ilOLDIXGS.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold the resi
dence and lot, 45xl27:8U, on the
north line of Washington street, be
tween Fillmore and Steiner, owned by
H. M. Levyt for $17,000; the northeast
corner of Twenty-third and Fair Oaks
streets. 122x117:6, facing on three
streets, for Mrs. Livingston, for
$15,000; northeast corner of Page and
Baker streets, with residence, from
William Brittain to Joseph Hirsch, for
$12,750. and also the following: Lot
35x100 feet on the east line of Van
Ness avenue, between Pacific avenue
and Broadway, sold by E. W. Crellln
to Mrs. R. Dusenbery. for $10,500;
two flats on the nort% line of Vallejo
street, between Van Ness avenue and
Franklin street, lot 26x137:6, to
Frank I. Freitas, for $8250, by the
John Whelan Company; residence on
the west line of Pierce street, between
McAllister street and Golden Gate ave
nue; lot 27:6x82:6, from S. Anspacher
to C. J. Clemens, $7200; lot 50x102:6
on the east line of Shrader street.
137:6 north of Grove, to' B. G. Cur-
Ean, by M. H. de Young, for $5000, and
lot 50x137:6 on the north line of
Grove street, 137:6 east of Shrader,
from M. H. de Young to E. F. Ebbits,
for $5000.
The property at the southwest cor
ner of First and Minna streets, in two
pieces, 45 feet on First street and 150
fee* on Minna street, has been sold for
tht- William Ede Company for
$1-5,000. The purchaser is not named.
The features of the past week in
the realty way have been the sales
that have been reported of the prop
erties of Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt by her
agents, Thomas Magee & Sons. Of
her holdings the value of more than
$500,000 has recently been sold. The
general activity of the market. is in
creasing and transactions will soon be
consummated of large size. The com
plete statistics of the month that
closed yesterday have not been com
piled, but the average has been good.
The buildine contracts for the month
of July exceed $1,500,000.
The following sales were reported
by Rothermel & Co.: Forty acres in
the hills near Napa Soda Springs from
E. G. Clark to John Fox, $1350; two
acres rear Petaluma to William A.
King, $450; improved fruit farm of 0%
acres near Fair Oaks, San Mateo, of
Ourran Clark & Co. to C. M. Lynch,
tr-500: 120 acres redwood timber land
near Low Gap, Mendocino County, R.
M. French to Ilickey & Co., 51100;
stock ranch of 2600 acres west of Ukiah'
Albert liruwn to W. A. Bolton, close to
$11,000. In city property: Six lots in
blocks IS and g3 at Ing-leside, account
of M. MrCarin, ?450; house and lot 36x
120, cast line of Albion avenue, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets,'
from C. II. Gottschalk to Emma Kidd.
$4500; cottage and lot 27:6x112:6,, south
line of Oak street, between Fillmore
and Steiner, S7 feet east of Steiner
street, Caroline M. Berges to Rose T.
Madison & Burke will hold an auc
tion of realty on August 10.
Next Tuesday Eastori, Eldridge &
Co.- will hold an auction and will of
fer the following properties for sale:
Lot 25x65 feet and three houses on
the south side of Fell street, 25 feet
west of Fillmore; three two-story
flats, with lots each 25x100 feet, on
the west side of Masonic avenue,
south of Piedmont street; flats on the
west^side of Treat avenue, 225 feet
north of Twenty-flfth street; new
flats on the west side of Folsom street,
100 feet south of Seventeenth; build
ing lots on the north line of Fulton
street, 156:3 feet east of Central ave
nue; premises at 209 Minna street;
southwest corner of Nineteenth and
Hampshire streets, 28x9p feet, with,
two flats; flats on the north side of
Tehama street. 125 feet east of Sixth;
property on the northeast aide of
Langton street, 80 feet northwest of
Bryant.
-Bovee, Toy & Co. report the fol
lowing minor sales for the last two
weeks: Property on the north line
of Post street, 30 feet west of Gough,
31x68:9 feet, consisting of two flats
under lease at $105 per month, for
Charles King to a client for approxi
mately $13,500; lot on the north line
of Pacific avenue, 60 feet east of Ba
ker street, : :127:SU feet for Louis
Lewin; residence of seven rooms on
the north line of Noe street, 105 feet
north of Seventeenth, with lot. 25x120
feet, now renting for $27 50 per
month; lot on the south line of Grove
street, 162:6 feet west of Clayton, 25
x266:10% feet, for $2000 to E. Siver
son; two lots on south line of Persia
avenue, 100 feet east of London, 50x
100 feet; lot on the east line of Lon
don street. 175 feet south of Persia
avenue. 25x100 feet; lot on the
west line of Madrid street, 300 feet
south of China avenue, 25x100 feet;
cottage of five rooms and bath on the
east line of Parker avenue, 225 feet
north of Geary street, 25x120 feet, ap
proximately $2250, sold for James
Mulqueeney to P. J. Campbell; lot on
the east line of- Twenty-first avenue,
150 feet north of Lake street, for $8Oo!
and a very attractive cottage is soon
to be built
north of Bush, for J. B. R.
Cooper, for $5750; house and lot, 25x
122:6, on west line of Howard street,
260 feet south from the south line of
Twerty-second, for M. E. von Schro
der, lor $5750; lot 50x100, on the west
line of Webster street, 100 feet north
of Oak, for L. Mclntosh, for $5500;
lot and improvements on the south
east line of Jessie street, 460 feet
southwest of First, for the City Land
Company; cottage and lot, 25x120, on
the west line of Noe street, 105 feet
north of Seventeenth, for Walter
Tryon, for $3100; lot 46x55 and im
provements »@. the south line of Fran
cisco street, 45 feet wSt from Mason,
for .Martin Clark, for $4000; lot lOOx
120, on the west line of Twentieth
avenues 225 feet south from Clement
street, for C. W. Morton, for $2400;
improvements and lot, 50x75, on the
southeast line of Harrison street. 225
feet east of Eighth street, for John
H. Wise, for $5200; four flats and lot
on the north line of Vallejo street,
85 feet west from Mason street, 52:6x
102:6, for E. A. Tomlinson. for $9250;
cottage and lot. 30:6x112, on the east
line of Fair Oaks street, 213:6 feet
north of Twenty-fourth, for P. Malley
et al.. for $2400 f two flats and lot. 26x
122 :fi, on the east line of Capp street,
106 feet south of Twenty-second, to
A. Hobfeldt. for $5500; four flats and
lot, 50xl22:C, on the east line of Capp
street, 235 feet north of Twenty-third,
to C. H. Steon. for $10,600: lot 25x
120, on the west line of Twentieth ave
nue, 323 feet south from Clement
street, for C. W. Morton, for $600.
Speck & Co. have purchased for a
client the northeast corner of Eddy
and Larkin streets from Margaret
McCormick for $46,000. The lot is
37:6x87:6 feet, the longer frontage
being on Larkin street.
A. J. Rich & Co.. as agents for the
Joseph Rich Estate Company, will
build twenty-four flats to cost $75,
000 on Oak street, with a frontage of
137:6 feet.
Twenty-four flats will be built on
the southwest corner of Buchanan
street and Lily avenue to cost $50,000.
TO BE AUCTIONED.
Disposes of More Than $^00,000 Worth
of City Property Left Her by Father.
Dealers Hopeful for More Activity Soon
MRS. VANDERBILT SELLS
SOME VALUABLE ESTATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31. 1904.
31
Especial attention is invited to
the -.f
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
' ¦¦¦¦* • i
See pages 42 to 47.
AOVERTISEM EXTS. '
i&SJiJ&Stf 0 Every woman covets r>
loss of their girlish forms
W(j$$k/W _. --.^ after marriage. The bearing
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the»use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, aa this
great liniment always prepares the body for the; strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousand* gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
use of thU wonderful
book, telling all about «¦
thi» liniment, will be sent free. Jj^jf^aaea MidF®* «a jmjfil
fke-BntlfieM Resfllator Co., Atlanta, 82. M M^M^^kWMSM
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
Or«r 24 Poet »t.. eim' rraneise* C»J.
r.Fttb. 40 years. Op«n entire year.day & night.
_ Write for circulars <fre«).
YOV MFVFPIKCIT bch o°l or music.
1 VA i!lL I CtULllk 64l FX'LTON ST
FAN FRANCISCO. Krt.bll.hed 1P95
Pre-*rr.!nent!y the largest and best
equipped ichocl on the Pacific Coast — oSer-
lr.r a'l the advantages of Eastern and i
European conservatories for a thorough
musical education. Prospectus upon ap-
rllcRtlen. Visitors to **<• World's Fair St
Loais. are ln\-lted to <iaralne the exhibit
cf the tchool. KflucationaJ Bulldlnr Call-
Torr.is Schorl KxMhlt.
New Qoarfers — More Space
FXXXB UOOSIS.
Just tnrred into cur new roomt; new Ur»«
proof tsotlSing. 3 elevators. el«ctrto lights
vteaia tut. X*> mor* for students than arer
before. This is tfc« colleg* that secursa so
tsacy poc'.ticca.
San Francisco Business College,
T33 Mlsr.on St.. Wear Third.
jg£?s^ Fclyteclmio Bnal-
i JT-»r rrr |fn T* ?^!l?Sii b< " l < v i"i;>i«d »chCK.l
-¦ ¦** ;J. I tlT ii?? 3 ' >-^£5 of b'-»ii.etfr. »horlhanJ
•r.^p^^.^^-S^-; »__ and rnKineerlce^ west
*F 1*1 f|\ f*, « -*^^ ' climate. Expenses
low. Write for free
lOO-pege catalogue. >
Mills College and Seminary
CONFEIIS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
S«i2lnary cocrt* accredited to the unlversl-
• -* aad :tad:r.p Eastern colleges; rare eppcrtu-
f.-.'t cCered Ift music, art and elocution. Thlr-
tr-nlnth year. Fall terra opens August 10^
J.&O1 Write fcr <atalogu« to
MRS C T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O.. CAL.
THE LYGEU/n.
An accredited prepars-tery achool for the uni-
versity, law and rr.edical colleges. Is well
known fcr Its careful and thorough work. Com*
mot be with u«; we prepare you wel>- refer-
ences President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
Xecscr. Pte!ia Building.
L. U. GIIAU. Ph. D.. Principal.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE.
The next session will open on TUESDAY.
August i. 190*. C ¦•¦. that day resident students
ir.utt be In atter.ffanc<- at 1 p. m. and aon- I
resident students at 2 p. m. REV. R. E. I
KEN.NA, President.
\'J [ WT '' \ _/J BUSIIVESS COLLEGE
If t T /P. 3.^ BockkeeplEg. Tj-plnif.
011/ V Ryk^| Shorthand. Penmanship,
I ¦ 1 B i. 1 fC^a Individual Instruction.
'nil T\ 1 Combined Ccur»e, ?5 a
— month: day and eve.
Bancroft Bldg.. 723 Market St.
HA/YYLIIS SCHOOL
AND VAN NESS SEMIHABY.
ISO Jackson tt.. S. F. Boarding and day
. »chool for girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and uslversitiea. Special attention
Clvea to iruelc. Reopens TUESDAY August
*. 1904. SARAH P. HAMLIV. Principal.
BELMONT SCHOOL
FOR BOTS, EELMOXT. CAL.— Opens for n^w j
j^wpi'.s Aug. 15. For former pupils Aug. 17
V.". T. REID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master. J
St. Mary's College,
OAKI.AKD. CAI,.
etu4Ie« wlU be rekcrotd MOXr\T. August 1.
'"W- PRO. ZUSOSlM President. |
WESTERN Th h r °S£!lJ >U8laeeB <*>"«*¦ Eng-
tii.ail.iui 2:»h. bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
rJltiUCCe -'hmetlc. clgebra, etc.. Civil Ser-
LU.tllLOO vioe. Indl\-l(3u«l instruction. Po-
.V. . -.- »ltlcn« for graduates. 6 mo. (day)
COLLEGE * 50; Eve " £ chool, 6 mo.. $24.
UUULLOL uo7 Market tUm cq,. Seventh.
JTZ>1 ; »r* • An enrollment of
E^.1 1 lO T rVI O^ «50 students ftlU
V^ *..«- I «. >^\*^ tbe Btt> ry of -our
Wi^5^- ¦ jzl!^ ln *. new Weaa.
(Olle <XCj wbolesotn* college ;
V-^ — * life; Catalogue.
t25 Ooldea Gate are.. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVIXCTOX, California.
First t»rm of l:>03-0* begins on August 10.
TVILLIAM WALKER ANDEUSOX. Principal.
2SISS TTXST'S 3CK00L TOE OIBLS.
•-•Ill VAX NESS AVIi.. opens Aug. 17.
Hccie axd Day SchooL Accredited by leading
rc'l^ges. Kcr ratalctue address MARY B.
V. CST. Principal. Klndercarten. Applications
rfcf.ved between ¦ 1 :SO and MM p. m
EOONFS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
BEHKELET,
EEOPElfS KOSOAT, AUG. 8.
P. B. BOOJTE.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,"
PEIJALTA PARK. BEKKELET.
Eeardiag aad day school for boys under 15 yrs.
ef age. Ettidie:- commence MOXDAY Aug 1st.
190*. Send for r-ro^pectus to Bro. Gcnebern!
liitclicock Military Acadeniy
SAM RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL. REOPEN on Aurust 1«.
i Apply to tht Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior echocl fcrparate. Fall term berln* auk
SIT. ARTHUR CROSDT. D.D., Head Ma.ter
~ : :
tJLj.'fi ;., V* * V. t^^T-'ja Js the moat praotl-
[(:ff j?rri,Trjr:;r7*?r cal « recommended
E£&j£s&&¥z££!*& by expert court re-
PJpsSSSWKWfwp porters. Send lor
a Jj| Catalogue. 1382
*^ Market St.. 3. F.
ffVltTTIA f ch «» tor boys; 14th year
ill II I I I sJ ttn f^ r Xacalty than ever;
llUI I I V perfect sanitation; Illus-
trated catalogue. TV. J.
MnJiEDITO. Vice Principal. Menlo Pant. Cai.
COLI.IGE or ttotee saks.
EAX JUHL:. CAL. Exclusively for boarding
rtudents. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical,
literary. Sclentlflc. Conser%-atory. College
preparatory acrrtiited. Intermediate and Prl-
i.-.try Classea. Studies re«umed Tueadar. Aug-
ust 2. 1904.
I J ALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦^ fataaford University — Boys and young men
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages In Modern
Lunguages and Higher Mathematics. Fall term
begin* August 22. For catalogu* adiren
MATXAP.D EHIPLET. Palo Alto. Cat ..
' DDTTOUrO KOR BARBERS. BA,
t5K U bliHb Sss^S^JfiS:
brewers, boolrblndera. candy makers, cannersv
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
fcanger*. printeTS. painters. sho« factories,
rtablcrr.en, tar-roafem. tanners, tailors, etc.
EL-CHAN AIT ESOS.
Brush SXaanf actarers. 60S Sacramestc St.
Weekly CaU, $1 per Year
_^^ '_; ADVERTISEMENTS. jr ¦
Everything for ¦ the Home.' and . \i/< J
—Credit for Everything \ (1^^%^^
. There is no home-furnishing JJ3 "^g '
.. ..want, we cannot, supply.-.' Jwi^ \/ ( 4ffP ' '¦ '
PiSSlS The Parlor Suit of 5 Pieces, $49.00 iBSl!
idSsssasjsJ $10.00 Down, $1.00 a. WeeK l£fe^g3£fe M
111 Frames are of excellent finish and artistic design. J ~-»* . / y^ l~J ' 5^
Looks anil upholstery that will be a source of satisfaction to you. ;; Vim
':•¦:•'¦ 'CIA f\fi T\nt-.Tn C1 nfi 5» XITamIt Seats are broad, deep and restful; not the prim stiff-backed patterns that are so U -^ * .^ rS
llOWII, 4>1.VV> a YrCClS common In 5-piece suits. / . J \f
BUYS THIS SIDEBOARD Home-made sterlinj upholstery, everything firmly fastened, and all the springs *
that A C ruirth O a f t a^n U^ r^ n t h a er n C ew cover when thU cover „ soiled or worn. £g - -q «
board Is made of the choicest weathered oak ' ' lllc uui V-*U» */•«>'
In a beautiful Mission design. Fretted glass 1 1 ¦f—— sssssss— ¦ ssshmb—sk^ ;' ? .' ' Made of oak. solid and substantial. Pretty
rni?c a h° a A grtat bl'g fellow." 0 feeT W e h.°*4S jfrfir^XEF-^ -*JS65?^L 4$ffl ' rfiilBW French Ut^^Not^a "tian '"ur^a"] by* a'y
al^? IWl^ AHovscaParlor.aSparcRoomtoCarpct?
»v3\ I / tt\ fi h \^ ThTP never was an opportunity like this before. K rT~5=3 JeT Li
f laUrl / •q--''l"H-Jl> il B.5 V In the characteristic Sterling way we have nut complete assortments dp .ore e* Jp M g ,
•iraVl/ 1 «"* W \^ you at prices that mnke buying almost a nece«ity for money-savin? people \M .-* , u|* JP^
'i«M7/ ¦''('¦'¦¦•^^ oi^i^ '• Xo. remnants; no "stickers," but bright, fr?!=h carrets in quantities of the id- 0 m | ||| r
till^^^^a^i^ IOWln Vdvrti5arpcts f 95c Tapestry Brussels, 80c g ft i 2 i
, i*W' l "^*^ 8 ™*Kfrj^^L \\\ A YARD. LINED AND LAID. A YARD. LINED AND LAID. * O C ® « \
nVS^Sa /;. lillilo^ra \X I New carpets at a new price. Rich a rood closely-woven carpet, on;» of » fcj •
VVMXJCf ?4 11 floral and Oriental patterns, two-Lon; the •¦tanclr'.rds fc excellence. W **^
'Jlil lwgi> ~^&=*Lz&rf^^3sf£2s! rj ¦ tffects, L'Art Nouveau. All the new oaitems, r.o old acquaint- '*'
HI ' ' " . I Off' ) . . m . __ ances amens them. *» • b__«'i«__i^«_ T—tt— «?o nc
BV- \ Saxony Axminstcrs, $1.25 patterns for every room m the house. ()$& Extension Table, $8.75
*^ -A YARD LINED AND LAID. BrilSSClS Carpet, 90C Pretty pattern, well finished In the favorite
w -tul—A n»lr <n n nith 1 r**ho* KQ Ofi Ileautlful color harmonic — carpets for . v .T,n t ivrn »vn T aid ' RClden color. A round one, a stylish one.
Weathered Oak. Spanish Leather, 59.00 richness and effect. Carr-U* that cannot .A \- \R V. LIV ED A ND . Kxtenda to six feet. Tc D is 43 Inches In
K Roman chair out of the ordinary. Built be equated short of $2.W a yard In San A r tf 10 *vtrd commonly Gamete,. when cl0S ed.
In, the Mission style, straight lines and riRht Francisco. ;£ parlor and dining-room patterns, hall "
•«rH^S*i;'s£=i: wiscansm te hum* -•£¦;,=¦•;•—;;•"' Mm\ \
u worth $15 mmost stores. 25c Brussclettc Carpet, 45c 1^
o A YARD. NOT LAID. A YARD, LINED AND LAID. \\hHW lips' l\
lS fa Fipured or solid colors, room patterns Room patterns, hall snd stair patterns, ill III X- f
muitfri <¦< Wit " = 5ffr and "a 11 runners. two-tone redii and srreens. Mill l'i I \ I l*—^ 1
j, lHf*l: '<>' > :!'>-L'ffiK Comes 30 Inches wide. A wonderful For an inexcensive can«t. for wear. lt 1 iUyytf IVJliL ' j ,'! ) ** r^
*$'• ¦ :: «3- > ' " *'^o ''oor coverins for wear— no wear-out to for beauty. It beats any of the cheap Xf^fiS I >T U C IT" — =^'
_lj 2QcC : ' '¦ ¦"'-r\< jl\ 5 it. Reeular price anywhere 50c a yard. tapestry carpets en tfce market. g4iJ!±r? I S 1 R L '
¦*Tl Wt <x A WW Tapestry Carpets as Low as 57c . H H' !
J | , ' > ¦ Ji: Jl : We have thorn at 65c and as low as 57c a yard; carry a good supply of them ] LJ i" l.P* I "X"' "IB i
V 1 ''"'' 1 " iC^^J and sell them If they -will answer your purpos?. f\ O^ 1*5?-*/ Sr « ti t
IPftZ—zjZ'i *¦ T *dmfiVC\ We are not Particularly proud of them und do not recommend them very highly, ?^f^^-L) .' 77^0 L —^»* V
l_JClj '; ' - 1 \ I Fr[?= but for many places and purposes they answer fairly well. '¦¦; . :-" ,-„ i : -. Bl U-J^ S l' ] fe S
Porch SctteC f 5O.50:rOrcn KOCKCr, )1.O r ««iw> _ -_ Polished mahogan- the prettiest shaped-
maple frame. Comes. adjusts itself to the ' '_-—,«• or tapestries from the useful, sensible size.
the wood and in mai de!S i gni but comes only ragffl %^8Si m^ E&Sk KTO OfSk H> M |Uir mllBC«n otherwise po t-. waste: sold at the lowest
achlte K reen. Your , n the natural wood rf^^T^P^ M $¥&• fwSjLZ'S 0 E&C makes the price low. 'price on record.
:-^, v -/.- ADVKKTISEMKNTS.
8^S^TenMSionBo^Sa^earrs|
PiWffj M RQ Q sfc \ MM \T si lHr bA I •¦ E>l« luC*«fcJX •> Svl BBSS jjl \ "" - i
pi CANDY CATHARTIC^^^^a^^ N
13 PREVENT ALL SUBIRIER BOWEL TROUBLES f
Eg j Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as r. j
El quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, hov.els F]
h|3 poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, \\
ng|| dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and t'.'J
Eg the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper \ A
|||s thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the butiy ? ¦ J
fif^l every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels, t J
P|| You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and h J
B9 healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not | j
1|| harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take fc. ;
k|| in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. 823
pH All druggists. 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. Ths genuine tablet |£S
k|| stampedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sampleand \ :: \
pjji booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. JawOf all the butter, cheese and con
densed milk factories' there are in New
York State— wjilch is the leading dairy
State— more than 2100 establishment?.
They constitute the most important
market establishment enterprise in the
agriculture of/ the Empire State-
Country Life in America.
A gene- -.tion ago the r-klng of but
ter and cheese was a home industry.
These familiar occupations have lately
developed into special manufacturing
industries conducted in establishments
known as creameries and cheese facto
ries; and the effect of this development
has (^been to change the character of
dairy farming, as well as of dairy man
ufacture. They have also raised the
quality of the manufactured product,
and have produced, such a uniformity
of grad<» and continuity of supply as to
establish the products as important
commodities in the general market and
to make the factory men prominent on
boards of tradrT
The New Way.
SOME time ago. when the Amateur Driving and Ath
letic Association of. this city asked the Park Com
missioners to proceed with the work of providing
an athletic field in Golden Gate Park, and the Commis
sioners refused, this paper upheld them-m their action.
While we realized fully what a splendid public feature
the proposed athletic field would be, and that there was a
strong temptation to the Commissioners tofcontract for
the work because of the large amount of money already
subscribed, the, only < wise "and Sjife course was the one
they pursued.'
The Amateur Driving and Athletic Association has
worked hard to # make up the deficit in the $50,000 re
quired, and has brought the total amount subscribed to
within $8854 of that figure. It has been sfow work, how
ever, and how, in accordance witlr a letter from the Park
Commissioners calling upon public" spirited citizens to
aid the enterprise and authorizing the^driving association
to act in the matter,-that body has issued a circular in
viting subscriptions.
The Park Commissioners have subscribed $25,000 upon
condition that the other $25,000 shall be made up by the
public. Of that amount $16,166 has been, obtained. from
about three hundred/citizens, leaving, as stated.'a balance
needed of $8834.
The Improvement as planned will be the finest athletic
THE PARK ATHLETIC ARENA.
The assassination of Von Plehwe, Minister of the
Interior of Russia, is perhaps more significant in its
bearing upon the destiny of the Czar's dominions than
any of the splendid victories which the Japanese have
recorded against the fighting men of the north. This
crime, which civilization must deplore, points the moral
nevertheless that nations no less than individuals must
proceed in any cause free from evil or corruption.
Russia has much to repair in her own territory and
amorig her own people before beginning aggression be
yond her borders.
Quecr Crankisms.
It transpired recently, during the
hearing of a case before one of the
metropolitan stipendiary magistrates,
that there Is a gentleman living -in
London to-day, a respectable and rep
utable citizen, who has a mania for
carrying on crusades against the po
lice.
He Is quite convinced In his own
mind, apparently, that the average
constable Is a brutal and cowardly
ruffian, and he is prepared to back up
his opinion by deeds and words.
Does any one complain of being as
saulted by a. "gentleman In blue," the
injured party has only to make his
case known to this modern Don QuI-
xote to insure his receiving both sym
pathy and assistance.
He has even published a pamphlet
bearing on the subject and has con
ducted cases against the police entire
ly on his own Initiative and at consid
erable expense and worry to himself.
It is not so very many years ago
since there died at Muswell Hill an
agred clergyman, whose mission in life
was to harry the tram and omnibus
companies.
He was incessantly at loggerheads
with them, regarding them as his
sworn foes and treating them as such.
Now It was that they covered the
v.indows of their vehicles with adver
tisements, thereby obstructing his
view. Then that they had no legal
right to demand to jee his ticket An
other time he would summon them for
exceeding the legal maximum of
ppeed.
He spent thousands of pounds in
litigation with them and had 'even
quite a crop of lawsuits pending when
death cut short a public career which
tru contention personified. Yet he
was said to have been a most kindly
and inoffensive man in private life.
There is a gentle little old lady who
is well known to most London stipen
diaries and whose fixefi idea it is that
the vast majority of cat owners are
monsters of cruelty.
Scarcely a week passes by but she
i-pplles for a summons against some
Innocent householder, whom she nn
agrfnea rhe has detected torturing one
or more of her feline friends.
Of course, none is granted. Time
v?as when sympathetic magistrates
v/ere wont to send officials of th«
court to make inquiries as to the truth
of her alleffatlons.
But that time has long gone by. The
u?ual course is now to tell her that
the parties shall be warned; where-
The applications are sifted by Mrs.
Carnefrie and two or three are invfted
f» meet her maid at a LOdon hotel,
tvften a final selection is made by the
maid in question, who invitss Hie
«'ok or housemaid, as the case may
be, to accompany her to Sk:bo. In
the case of men servants the selection
is left to Mr- Carnegie's secretary or
the butler if the secretary is too busily
engaged otherwise. All servants are
engaged on a week's trial only.
This is somewhat different to the
system prevailing in England, but the
Lord of Skibo believes that he can
t^ll in a week whether a servant is
likely to suit or not. It is very sel
dom thut he has to have reours* to
tl*e necessity of packing a servant oil
ai the end of the first week's service.
To encourage thrift in a good ser
vant he promises him or her a. bo»jus
at the end of every twelve months,
but he insists that the amount must
be invested in some substantial se
curity. Married men working in or
about "the castle are presented after
two years' service with an insurance
pclfcy guaranteeing their next of ki:i
the sum of no less than $500. They
are also insured against accidents.
Persons enjoving Mr. or Mrs. Car
negie's hospitality are exhorted not to
offer gratuities to any of their ser
vants.
A peculiar feature of the household
r.i.inagement is that a standard rate
of wages Is applied to the services of
overy man and woman employed
there. For instance, a cook's salary
at Skibo is so much for the first year,
and just so much more during the
second, even though the special in
< umbcr.t may be a veritable cordon
bleu. Moreover, Mr. Carnegie will
have nothing to do with servants' reg
istry office?. When a servant is Cant
ed he inserts an advertisement in one
of the fashionable London dailies in
viting application for a person holding
certain qualifications and stating
plainly the wages he is prepared to
give. The advertisement does not dis
vlose the name or the address of the
millionaire and it is usually worded as
follows: "Wanted, for a small family
living quietly in a castle in the North
of Scotland," etc.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, July 16.—Al
though Andrew Carnegie's qualities as
a boss of laboring men have not in
vcriably been extolled by the latter,
it Is a fact that among domestic ser
vants in this country he is recognized
as one of the best and most generous
employers in Great Britain. Jle do?s
not interfere much in the management
of the household at Skibo Castle; he
loaves that to Mrs. Carnegie, but the
servants know that the rules they
>.::\e to obey are made by him.
Special Correepondence.
Carnegie as a Householder.
Thomas Taggart has been chosen chairman of the
Democratic National Committee and has accepted the
invidious (^onor. It is strange with what complacency
some of our distinguished fellow citizens accept duties
and obligations that would appall even the most con
scientious. Mr. Taggart is entitled to the deepest con
sideration as a martyr to a mistaken purpose.
gladiatorial shows were often as lux
urious and brutal as those> of ancient
Rome, since no expense was spared by
selfish and vicious princes in collecting
and training, ferocious creatures and
arranging the savage contests between
those pitted, in pairs, or matched
against human combatants. All theaa
sports, very often shameful and worsa
than shameful, are chiefly matters of
the past. A healthier spirit has com*
into fashion, partly from the example
of British gymnastics and partly
through the better Intelligence and
education of the native chiefs.— Th&
Windsor Magazine. '
GOLDEN RULE* JONES.
His Sad Regrets.
\ J. B. Southard, old-day miner In the
Western El Dorado, lawyer at the State
bar, preacher for a season, Judge on
the bench, but now gone over "Lethe's
wharf" into the sea that sweeps away
to an .unknown shore, once found time
hanging on his hands.
He accidentally met one afternoon a
long-lost friend and ex-partner from
the mines of an upper county. The
Judge had not seen Bill since they had
shoveled dirt into a flume together back
in the dim '50's. They dropped all else
and hugged each other in Oriental ft-r
vency. Then the hours flew with a
whiz. Not in the ordinary rush, but so
rapidly that the minutes and seconds
fell off the body of time and were lost
on the way. First at the Occidental
bar, where the Judge «was at home;
thence to Frank Garcia's, and after
ward to the Pacific Club — now out of
date. Then to the other resorts fre
quented by the bohemlans of the town
and the day. Without halting they
went over the route again, hurrying,
hurrying on through the night. No ac
count has been kept of the libations
that were poured out In that bacchana
lian feast. Bill had frequently turned
himself loose and made the golden
dust fly after the clean-up, but this
was faster than the best time of a min
ing town carouse.
Along toward morning Bill began to
break, and finally lost his feet. The
Judge carried him on around the
stretch till his condition called Impe
riously for a downy bed and the re
storer—sleep.
When the hack had rolled off for the
hotel with Bill the deserted and lonely
man stood looking sadly down the
street. The sun was flushing the sky
over the green Alameda hills and the
young day was finding its way through
the city streets. But time had left no
record of the passing night. To him
an hour was as a second and a cen
tury as a day.
"What shall I do," he soliloquized;
"what the thunder shall I do the rest
of the night?"
A Mother Song.
As my own mother used to comfort me —
Kissing the tears away —
Holding me close — aye. all too close for
sobs,
I hold thee, little dear one, close to
d3y!
Calming my older pain, by stilling
thine —
As mothers only know —
My heart-break lost in thine, as hers In
mine —
Long ago, little dear one, long ago.
As thou in turn, a woman grown and
wise-
Shall kiss, as I kiss now.
Finding the sunrise ever In thy child.
Even thou. little dear one, even thou!
— Martha Gilbert Dickinson, In the Aug
ust Scribner's.
The Dole of the Alps.
The death roll in the Alps is increas
ing this year wtth terrible rapidity, and
promises to exceed that of any other
year of which reliable records have been
kept. There have been already thi»
year no fewer than 160 deaths, either
from avalanches or climbing accidents,
in the Swiss and French Alps. Among
the most recent victims Is Bl Dubol3,
v;ho in making an ascent of great dif
ficulty and danger without a guide, ac
companied only by a friend, slipped and
fell and succumbed to shocking: inju
ries before he could be carried down to
the hospital. Mr. Rooke's death at Zer
matt appears also to have been due to
an attempted ascent of a difficult
passage without a guide. At Saentl3 a
German musical director fell and was
instantly killed a few days ago in the
Bodmer Alps. Two soldiers belonging
to an Alpine regiment were swept
away and killed a week ago near
Epierre. The accident on the Dolder
horn, due like so many others to the
absence of a guide, resulted in the
death of one of the three climbers and
such injuries to another that he will
probably never be able to walk again.
Another guldeless ascent on the Wetter
horn ended in the fall and Instant death
of one of a party of Swiss tourists.
While on Mont Pilatus an Englishman
exploring in thin summer shoes slipped
and fell, landing almost unhurt on the
very brink of a 200-fobt sheer drop.
Miss Nicholas, a Scottish lady, a few
days ago fell into a deep crevasse on
the Mer de Glace at Chafnonix. though
her fall was fortunately arrested and
she escaped with a few mln(jr injuries.
—Pall Mall Gazette.
Music at the Park.
The following programme -will be
rendered by the band at Golden Gats
Park this afternoon:
"Star Spansled Banner"
March "When Coons Have a Dreamland
of Their Own" Ilelf
Overture. "Robespierre" lAtoli
Waltz. "Dorothy" Arorsoa
Cornet solo by D. C. Rosebrook
Selection, "Nabuco" .Verdi
Overture "William Tell" Rossini
(a) Characteristic piece. "Badlna«»" . .Herbert
(b) Reverie, "The Rcsea' Honaymoca".Bra£taa
Descriptive. "A TriD to Coney Island". Tobaal
Selection from the new opera "Babetta" . .
Herbert
March et Cortege, "La. Reins de Saba" . . . .
Grouaod
"Amerlci"
'Answers to Queries.
INDIGO— S., City. The indigo yield
ing principle resides In the leaves of *
herbaceous plant that crows from
three to five feet In height. The leaves
are most gorged with this prladpla
when the flower buds are about to
open and it is at that time- that ths
leaves are secured.
MOTION— A. B. L., Santa Crus, CaL
This department has not ths space to
enter into a scientific explanation «f
the difference between artificial motion
and the earth's motion. Briefly It i3
that the earth's motion is an original
one, while artificial motion Is produced
by a series of means.
LOSING A DAY — A. B. L.. Santa
Cruz, Cal. In sailing westward a ship
loses a day in crossing the ISOth de
gree of longitude (that is the ISOth de
gree from Greenwich, near London). In
sailing eastward one day is added when
that degres is reached. For example,
if a vessel reaches that degree on Wed
nesday, while sailing eastward, that
day and the following day is set down
as Wednesday. But when a ship comes
to the same meridian on Wednesday
while sailing westward, Wednesday U
dropped and it is called Thursday. Thus
if two vessel meet at that meridian
sailing in opposite directions one ship's
crew has two Wednesdays in the week
while the other has none.
TWO men in the Middle AVest achieved the unusual
in the office of Mayor. One of these was Mr. Pin
grce of Detroit. He had many ideas closely bord
ering on Socialism. His first distinction , was reached
duringGthc last panic, when he promoted the devotion of
vacant lots in the city to the raising of potatoes and
other vegetables^by the indigent. 'The experiment was
a greater success in the press than < in practice, but it was
new, and its novelty gained fame for Mr. Pingree. who
was twice elected Governor of Michigan on the strength
of it.-
He was personally an honest man, but officially became
the dupe of designing politicians, and many corruptions
occurred which were expiated' in the penitentiary. Gov
ernor Pingree was so credulous and confiding that, he
attempted executive interference with the courts- to pre
vent the punishment of the men who had abused his con
fidence and despoiled the State. The net conclusion
upon his public career was that he was admirably adapted
for public responsibility in a community composed en
tirely of men like himself, but in our composite and com
plex society he was a failure.
-''The other candidate for fame was Golden Rule Jones,
Mayor of Toledo. Ohio. He proposed to make the
golden rule the guide of . all conduct, which it should
be, and, to the credit of mankind, is-mostly recognized
as the guide of conduct, followed sometimes at a dis
tance. It is not only among Christians. Confucius
stated it in one form and Buddha in another, but in both
to exactly the same meaning andfj purpose .as in our
Scriptures. Mr. Jones had ambitions in politics and was
a quite pronounced Socialist. He ran for Governor in
Ohio on his own. nomination and polled a very large
vote, but was beaten.
He was a rich man. made so by an invention which
occurred to him for the improvement of oil pumps while
working as a laborer in the oil. fields at Titusvillc. Pa.
He often expressed the opinion that no man could hon
estly acquire a million dollars, though he never doubted
that his own large fortune was the measure and maxi
mum of what a man could acquire without violating
the golden rule. That was -very human. When the
French Revolution began am aristocrat was the owner of
landed estates. Before it was over an aristocrat was a
man who wore trousers. So doubtless there are men a
few rounds lower on the ladder of fortune who believe
that no man could win Jones' fortune honestly and by
observance of the golden rule.
i He was the author of a great many epigrams, and de
lighted in their coinage. He took a strangely distorted
'•icw of things, which found expression in epigram. He
said: "Police courts arc charnel houses for the destruc
tion of , human souls. You' cannot coerce people ¦ into
righteousness." This ignored, the duty of. the courts to
protect society against such as prey, upon it. Extend
ing the same idea, he said: "As long as the capital crime
of capital punishment . exists, there will be murder,", a
very shallow generalization, in which the death penalty
for murder is put forward as the only cause of a crime
that has its motive in a wide range of passions. If he
meant that there should be no criminal statute defining
as murder the killing of a human being, the depth of his
observation is not increased, because theQconscience of
man is a statute of murder recognizing it as a crime, a
malum in se, even in the absence of a human law mak
ing it a crime. Capital punishment is the highest form
of punishment, whether it be imprisonment for
the death penalty. 'Mr/ Jones did not. seem to be aware
of this and doubtless meant to<3,mpeacn the death pen
alty as the cause of murder instead of capital punish
ment, which may mean the death penalty or not.
His. singular blindness to the business operations of
a people appeared in his saying: "Borrowers of money
are life's real derelicts." The enterprise of a country is
kept going by energetic men who hitch their judgment
to borrowed capital. According to Mr. Jones a man
who borrows money is a social derelict, that i»-to say.
a menace and a danger to society. No logic can justify
such a conclusion. One of the strongest inducements to
men- t<Pkeep their credit good is 'its use as capital in
their enterprises. If it be a social offense to. borrow
money the world must be content to a stopping of the
wheels of enterprise. ' The ability to lend money through
such trustees as the savings banks is one of the leading
inducements to thrift" among the wage workers, who own
the hundreds of millions of money on deposifwith such
trustees. men of enterprise who pay the- wages of
labor borrow this capital which belongs to the very people
they hire and invest it in enterprises which use more
labor, and pay more wages, enabling the earners to put
more money in the savings banks to be borrowed for
investments that furnish ' more ' employment for more
labor and pay more wages. _;:• ;
' Personally Mr. Jones was a sociable and kindly man
who tried to live up to his conception of the golden
rule, but the faith, hope and charity in his philosophy
were distorted in refraction by an untrained mind.
PAWNBROKER'S SIGN— G. E. J..
City. The three golden balls used as
a pawnbroker's sign appeared in Eng
land in very early times. It was useil
by the Lombard merchants, v.-ho emi
grated to London from Italy. These
established the first pawnbroker es
tablishments and it is generally held
that they adopted the three golden
balls to be borne on the arms of the
Lombard corporation, from the armor
ial bearings of the - Medici family,
which was conspicuous among the
Lombard merchant princes of Italy.
By an act of 1234 a messuage in Lon
don was confirmed to those engaged
In pawnbroking where Lombard street
now is. The business of pawr.brokln:?
¦was first reecgrd zed by law by the act
first James I, C 2\, In 1603.
Townsend's California Gl.ice fruits Ui
artistic fire-etched hn T -¦»«*. ,7 IS Market «t. #
F. August Heinze is "defer -lant: in a series of mining
suits in which the damages demanded of him aggregate
twenty-two million dollars.- Mr. Heinze has reason to
congratulate himself, however, on the fact that any man
whocan be sued for such an-, enormous sum: certainly
has made his mark in the world .even if he fails.
Traffic on the Lakes.
The people of this country have thus
far scarcely realized the Importance
and magnitude of the traffic on the
chain of lakes. Cnly a short time ago
Detroit stood second as a port of entry
in the United *- :ates. and by tills time
she may possibly Stan-" flrrt, a3 -*ie
handles over 17 per cent of the exports
of the entire series of northern border
and lake ports. It has long been a
proud boast of the City of the Straits
that more than twice as much tonnage
passes through the Detroit River dur
ing the season of lake navigation as
through the Suez canal during the en
tire year. This is literally true. The
figures for 1902. for instance, as given
by the Blue Book of American Ship
ping, are 48.000,000 tons for the Detroit
River, as against 11,248,413 tons for the
international waterway. .
The summaries of the tonnaga pass
ing the Government locks at Sault Ste.
Marie afford the best indication of the
enormous growth of lake commerce, as
the greatest development of the grain
and iron ore trades has been through
ports at the head of Lake Superior.
These reports show that the freight
movement in 11)02 had reached the
enormous, total of 35,961.146 net tons,
against 11,214,333 tons in 1892, only ten
years previous, and against only 1,567,
74l tons in 1S31, the first year in which
the number of tons of freight was re
corded. Similar gains are shown In
the registered tonnage of vessels,
which amounted to 31.955.5S2 tons in
l<»02, as compared with 10,647,203 tons in
1892. In 1903 the totals were: Iron ore.
21,654,S9S tons; coal. 6.9G7.63J tons, and
grain, 93.4S0.193 bushels.— Hugo Erich
son in The .World To-Day frr August.
. , v :
Tiger Shooting in India.
In the hot weather there is in most
parts tiger shooting, but it must be in
the torrid season, when the pools and
tanks are dried up, the jungles bare,
the soil so burning that the tiger lies
hidden, afraid for his soft feet, and
nigh to the only water. For this royal
sport trained elephants would be neces
sary and they are expensive animals to
keep. That is a sort of warfare again;
the mahouts spiking their brutes along,
with the beaters on either flank and
the tom-toms and fireworks in front;
and presently through the yellow grass,
striped just like himself with bars of
gold light and dark shadow, slinks the
murderer o-f the forest, whose time has
come to pay for the cows and ¦women
and children he has killed. This is the
royal way.
I never knew a rajah who had our
patience to sit on the fork of a tree or
in a machan and wait all night over
the carcass of a buffalo or a goat for a
chance tiger. They like to have the
big game driven past a stand specially
constructed, and there are in India at
tached to the palaces many shikargahs,
or hunting, grounds, where this ar
rangement can be carried out as from
a screen in grouse driving. In old
times, and In some parts even to-day,
a pastime of a questionable kind was
derived by their highnesses out of the
jauwar-khana attached to many of
their palaces. This was the wild beast
place, fitted up with dens and cages
for various Jungle animals, and hav
ing in the middle an arena strongly
walled, wherein combats could be car
ried on between them, sometimes with
men, " In fqrmer days these domestic
Special Information supplied daily *o
business bouses and public men by tho
Press Clipn!rg Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal*
Uornia street, Telethon© Maw JO 43, «
The father sued for compensation,
but failed to get it, the Judge before
whom the case was tried holding that
a landlord was legally- justified in pro
tecting his property after this fashion.
"But," added the ,Jadge, "the prac
tice is a dangerous one, and morally in
defensible, and I think any person
would be justified '- removing such
dangerous hooks from the tops of low
palings adjoining piTblic thoroughfares,
or In hammering them down fiat, so as
to render them innocuous."
It was this judicial dictum which
started him on his strange crusade,
and he has kept it up ever since. O
He never, It should be mentioned, in
terferes with large iron spikes that
can be easily seen and avoided, but
.only with the small, dangerous tenter
hook. And even these latter are safe
from the attention of his ' hammer if
placed on high palings, where children
are not likely to climb, or well^ within
private property. . vJ
But, perhaps, the queerest of all
modern crusading fads Is that indulged
in by a dainty Kensington dame, who
dally at eventide during therhot Rum
mer weather sallies forth into Lon
don's outer ring to plead for the flowers
in suburban front gardens.
* Slowly she walks down a road of
modern villas, looking keenly to right
and left as she goes. And wherever
she espies a plant parched and droop
ing for lack of water she marches bold
ly up to the front door ki Z calls the
attention of the inmates of the house
to its needs. ,--, •
"Pray excuse me," is her invariable
formula, "but your flowers are badly in
need of water. An unintentional over
sight, without doubt; or, perhaps it is
due to the negligence of a servanU v
Then she bows and departs, without
waiting for a reply.— Pearson's Weekly,
London.
But the companies decline to be
drawn. Not even when their adversary
changes his usual train so as to elude
the vigilance of the official whose duty
it is to see that he, at all events, among
their mOlions of passengers travels in
comfort, and then refuses to show his
ticket as a protest, will they take ac
tion. Perhaps they mentally recall the
case of Mr. Dobbs and his disputed
water rate.
How many people are aware that,
for over a quarter of a century, an
amiable faddist has been going about
the country with a hammer, driving
down projecting tenter-hooks which
have been affixed to^ences and palings
in such a fashion as to be dangerous to
children and others. Not many, it Is
to be presumed. Yet such is the fact.
Tears ago, it is said, cne of his own
little ones was badly lacerated about
the face by one of these sharp-pointed
hooks. It had been fixed, with a num
ber of others, to the top of a low fence
by a neighboring land owner, ob
ject being, of course, to keep out tres
passers.
No matter how crowded may be a
certain morning train into the city
from a certain .northern suburban sta
tion, there is^invariably one carriage
that contains no more than its proper
complement of passengers. Indeed, the
railway company has delegated an of
ficial to travel in the carriage In ques
tion for the express purpose of keeping
out intruders. And this it does, not in
the Interest", of its own directors, but
at the bidding of just an ordinary sea
son ticket holder who has had the
pluck to stand up for his rights.
The gentleman in question is well
known in the city, and his one ambition
is to force the railway companies into
testing in a court of law the burning
question of Oercrowding."
During that time he wrote thousands
of letters to the newspapers, printed
and distributed largely at his own ex
pense many tens of thousands of circu
lars and in the end succeeded in so edu
cating public opinion in the matter that
it is quite a rare thing nowadays to see
a respectable adult casting orange peel
about recklessly, as was the almost
universal custom a. couple of decades
ago.
The result of this spirited action is
that we all of us pay about one-third
less for our water than we otherwise
should have had to do, and the com
panies are so many millions of pounds
the poorer.
Or take again the case ,-nf the indi
vidual who, alone and single-handed,
carried on a crusade against the dan
gerous practice of throwing orange peel
on the pavements. He was but a poor
man and without influence or friends.
But he stuck to his point for over
twenty years.
upon she trots away, pleased and com
forted.
Of course, pome of the crusades car
ried on by enthusiasts of this nature
result in the rectification of what are
real abuses. For instance, we were all
of us at one time, although we did not
know it. being robbedJ by thr; water
companies.
But there appeared upon the scene a
man named Dobbs, who' commenced a
crusade against them by tendering
payment for his water on the rated
value of his house and declininc lo
pay, as was then usual, on the gross
value.
He was promptly summoned, but,
nothing daunted, he carried the case
from court to court right up to the
House of Lords — and won.
neutral is part of its soil and cqu:.'!y inviolable.
Let belligerents employ their navies in j effectual
blockades and make prizes of neutral ships only when
they attempt to run the blockade and when within the
waters of -the blockaded country. That will" not be as
exciting or" profitable duty as playing pirate on the high
seas and sinking merchant ships, as Russia has done dur
ing the present war, but it will be work more becoming
and decent. The time is ripe for the agitation of this
subject. Great Britain and Germany have been hit a foul
blow by Russian piracy, under the mask of belligerent
rights, and the United States is threatened in the same
wfy. If the three should unite in an agreement that. on
the high seas free ships make free goods, and a neutral
flag protects everything over which it. flies, the other
powers would have to come into the fold, because the
United Stat£5> Great Britain and Germany are strong
enough to treat as a pirate nation any that would attempt
to violate a neutral flag on the high seas.
San Francisco is one of the great seaports of the
world. It must look out over the Pacific for its growth
and prosperity and commerce. It can well afford to take
the initiative in asking that the nations shall agree upon
the freedom of the high seas. ' Every seaport in the world
will join us and every merchant in the world will add his
influence. It is a great subject and now is the time to
agitate it.
It is not easy now to go back and re-create the condi
tions that v/ere once upon communication between coun
tries by letter. There were no international postal trea
ties, and a letter from one country getting into the postal
jurisdiction of another carried with it no obligation of
delivery and none to respect its seal and privacy. Now
the postal treaties, promoted by the United^States, enable
mail to be carried to the remotest corner of the earth as
safely as from one township to another in the same
county. A "registry stamp on a letter brings back a re
ceipt from any part of Europe, Asia or Africa*. Money
is sent everywhere by international postal orders, and in
its transmission and delivery is absolutely safe. The age
is distinguished by the high point reached by the nations
in these two respects, in which crime is repressed and in
tercourse safeguarded by mutual understanding, fortified
by treaties. ' . /
The arbitration treaties are the outgrowth of the suc
cessful experiments in extending the criminal jurisdic
tion of each nation overall nations, and the universal
safety and convenience of-^communication, which give
mankind a common postomce. The system of arbitra
tion which Great Britain is so satisfactorily extending
puts permanent treaties in the place of the temporary
protocols under which individual cases have been sub
mitted to arbitral .courts. Within a short time all of
the great nations will be joined in these permanent trea
ties and the risk ibf war will be greatly lessened. But
that risk cannot be entirely eliminated. There are issues
that cannot be arbitrated, and these V*jll arise and there
will be war, for ages will pass before the lion and the
lamb will be sale in the same pasture and before the
bear acquires the ox's appetite for straw.
But the sacrifices of war, when it comes, Qn be greatly
lessened by improving the opportunity of peace to make
international agreements that will insure the safety of all
mails and merchandise on the high seas. It is an.un
civilized thing that the property of the merchant and
ship owner, the promoters of the world's peace, who are
not responsible for any of the causes that lead to war,
but who push forward the prosperity of the people ,oj. all
nations, ra-ise life to a higher standard and increase its
comforts, Ts the first to suffer in war. The losses in
flicted are irreparable, and they are caused by permitting
to nations the piracy that is forbidden to individual*.
The nations should agree that only the flag of 'an enemy
can be struck on the high .seas, and that the deck of a
GREAT progress has been made in advancing the
common principles of justice between nations and
iiwacilitating the intercourse of the peoples of the
world. By the extension of extradition treaties there is
left hardly any refuge for a criminal. For offenses
against society and violations of law, a man may now be
pursued and delivered to the jurisdiction where he may
be punished; no matter in what nation he may seek to
hide.
This is a great advance over conditions a hundred
years ago, when men guilty of crime in one country could
escape punishment by-crossing its border into another.
Now all governments are practically combined in the en
forcement of the criminal statutes of each, and there is
no hiding place in the world for a criminal whence he
may not be dragged' to face justice and suffer punish
ment. This is the substantial union of human society to
prevent crime by making its punishment sure. The
United States has taken the lead in establishing this~sys
tem of extradition.
FREEDOM OF THE SEAS.
field in the world. It is to have a nest of tracks for
light harness horses, cyclists and foot racers, within in
ner oval for the use of all amateur sports. The outer or
speed track^will tie half a mile in circumference. In
stead of marring the view by unsightly grand stands the
spectators will view the events from an inclined green
sward extending around the oval. A perfect view will
thus be afforded to the features in the different tracks.
Participants in the'various games will reach their respec
tive tracks by tunnels, and will have everything required
for their comfort and convenience.
In such, a splendid public improvement as this, where
all classes of athletes will reap a benefit, it is not fair to
permit the whole burden of raising the necessary funds
to be upon one organization. The Commissioners have
been liberal in setting aside half of the required cost, and
the comparatively small amount now needed should be
immediately obtained by those interested in sports and
athletics and the public generally. The Park Athletic
Arena would then be a reality. It would be a permanent
and beautiful improvement to add to the fame of our al
ready wprld-famous pleasure ground.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SUNDAY. JULY 31, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN G I SCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor : » . . . : . . ". . ~. Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ............ :...'.... . ...'.... .. Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SUNDAY : .....JULY'31, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32The annual picnic of Preclta Drum
Corps of Prccita Parlor, Native Sons
o,f the Golden West, will be held at
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains,
cm Sunday, August 7. The former pic
nics of this organization have been
among the most popular of all public
outings. A. number of valuable prizes
fW competitive events are offered and
a good programme of amusements has
A new posfiffice to be known as
Station J will pe established on Au
gust 1 in the npw building erected for
Dr. Lee Rodge^s on Masonic avenue,
near Haight street. International and
domestic raornly orders will be sold
and letters and packages may be'reg
istered there. It will also have a car
rier service. D. M. Fitzgerald will be
superintendent and Joseph Gray as
sistant superintendent
New P<*Hofllce Station.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The Season Is Late This Year.
Fea by melting snows in the high Si
erra, the famous waterfalls of Yosemite
continue to pour over the great cliffs.
©Now is a grand time to visit Yosemite
Valley. Flowers are blooming in the
meadows and birds sing in the pines and
cedars. In the Merced, the Illillouette,
Tenaye Creek. In ten thousand pools in
a thousand streams, the trout lie hiding:.
You'd better take your fishing pole and
go!
Cost? $23.50 for the round trip, or
$43.00 for seven days of delight. We are
glad to tell you about it and about the
perfect way at 641 Market street, tho
office of the Santa Fe. •
Presented With a Watch.
Appreciating the good work he has
done for the organization, the Scottish
Thistle Club at its last meeting pre- s
sented Royal Chief George W. Pater
son with a handsome gold watch. The
presentation wv« made by Treasurer
John Ross, who, in the name of the
members of tho club, thanked Chief
Paterson for h« » efforts in its behalf.
Chief Paterson! replied in a fitting
manner and a programme of vocaSind
Instrumental nijuslc followed. Those
assisting were !v Chief Piper Edward
Ross, Mr. and firs. George W. Pater
son, William JTalrgrave, James A.
Cannon, M. S. : ; Morrison, K. McLean,
Mrs. McDonald^ William Shepherd, J.
W. Davidson, 3ames Gardner, Lizzie
Ferguson, Robjrt Ford and Mrs. F.
W. Koch.- , ?- :
Old Note in Issue.
The possibility of collecting an
equity interest In an old note for
$59,000 is given as the basis for ap
plication of Samuel Shear for letters
of administration, upon the estate of
Dolores L. Green, who died January
1. 1898. The petitioner states that the
deceased was interested in a mortgage
executed by William C. Jones in New
York in 1884 to Alfred A. Green for
$£9,000. Green assigned the mortgage
to his wife and she in turn assigned it
tc*. one Thomas P. H. .Whitelaw on
March 16, 1888, with the understand
ing that he was to proceed with a fore
closure. Whitelaw was to receive one
tliird of the proceeds, but he never
foreclosed, and the purpose of the ad
ministration is to find out if any part
of the sum can be recovered. Shear,
the petitioner, is the husband of one
of the heirs.
The existence of society depends upon the
pood thlncs It has to offer Its votaries; "Old
Gilt Edge Whiskey" for (example. Wlchman,
Lutgen & Co.. 29-31 Battery «t.. S. F. •
"When a widower gives It out that hs
doesn't want to Inflict a stepmother on
his children, you may depend he's dis
covered that no other woman wanta
him.
Meeting of. Delespites.
The delegates to the Grand Council
of the Young Men's Institute, which
convenes at Crockett on August 21,
met last Thursday night and many
topics of interest to the members were
discussed. The subject of employing
permanently an organizer was brought
up and the majority of the delegates
Sunday Table d'Hote Dinner.
At The Red Lion Sunday evenlaira from 5 to
8. $1. Including wine. Under S. F. Stock Ex
chanea bids.. 331 Pino «t. •
Ye Oldc English Inn.
14t Mason st Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet. *
Choir of the Central Methodist Church
Will Render Barnby's Sacred
Cantata, "Rebekah."
The waning of the vacation season Is
filling many of the churches, which
have been either closed or almost de
sertecv Pastors who have been taking
their annual rest have returned and
the reopening of the schools brings
back the women and chiidren who
have been enjoying an outing in the
country. Among the subjects of dis
ccurses announced for to-day are the
followfng:
At the First English Lutheran
Church Rev. E. Nelander will speak
in the morning on "The Optimism of
Paul." In the evening his subject will
be "An Occasional Hearer."
The Second Unitarian Church at
Twentieth and Capp streets has been
entirely renovated during the past six
weeks. The minister, Rev. Jay Wil
liam Hudson, will speak this morning
on "Manhood, the Image Breaker; a
Legend of the Orient."
At the Central Methodist Church,
Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh, the choir will this evening
render Barnby's sacred cantata "Re
bekah," under the direction of E. T. M.
Eckert. The solo parts will be taken
by Mrs. Gertrude M. Mills, Mrs. Rich
ard L Partlngton, A. G. Davies and
E. T. M. Eckert.
W. A. Kling of Oakland will addres3
the men's mass-meeting in the audi
torium of the Young Men's Christian
Association. Mason and Ellis streets,
this afternoon. His theme will be
"The Door of Opportunity."
Brothcr-in-Law Demands Damages
Because Sheriff Removed Furni
ture Claimed by Mrs. Duncan.
The litigation in the civil and crimi
nal courts, which commenced in June,
when Ada R. Duncan sued for divorce
from Benjamin B. Duncan, an em
ploye of W. B. Cluff & Co., had an
other chapter added yesterday when
"W. C. Duncan, brother of Benjamin,
sued Mrs. Benjamin B. Duncan and
Sheriff Curtis for $1500 for the seizure
on July 22 of household furniture In
the plaintiff's home at 1701 Page
street.
Benjamin B. Duncan was away
when his wife sued for divorce on sen
sational® grounds of cruelty. Shortly
afterj j^d C. Duncan, her brother-in
law, created a scene in the Duncan
home and the police were called to
eject him. The brother-in-law was ac
cused of removing $1000 worth of fur
niture belonging to Mrs. Duncan, and,
upon a proper bond being given, the
Sheriff proceeded to remove the house
hold goods from W. C. Duncan's home.
The plaintiff alleges that he was
damaged in thesum of 5100 by rea
son of time taken from his grocery
business in looking after the litigation
and that he expended $400 in defend
ing the suits, so adding the value of
the furniture, he wants Judgment for
$1500.
SUBJECTS OF SERMONS
IN HOUSES OF WORSHIP
NEW SUIT INSTITUTED
IN DUNCAN" LITIGATION
were of the opinion that such a step
is absolutely necessary properly to
carry on the work of the order. A re
ception will be tendered the delegates
in the Alhambra Theater upon their
return on Augrust 26, at which Arch
bishops Riordan and Montgomery
have been invited to speak.
been arranged. The committee con
sists of John Griffin, chairman; Joseph
S. secretary, and D. J. "Wren,
treasurer.
Younj: Priest, Just Ordained, Will
Perform Sacred Office at St.
Dominic's To-Morro\v.
The Rev. Father Edwin Stanislaus
Olaen, O. P., who will celebrate his
flrst holy mass this morning at 11
o'clock at St. Dominic's Church, is a
native of California, having been born
in this city February 14, 1880. The
young priest is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
G. S. Olsen of 2579 Post street and is
the brother of Sister Consuelo of the
Dominican Sisters at Vallejo.
Father Olsen was ordained by
Bishop James J. Hartley on Friday,
July 22 last, in St. Josephs Church,
i?omerset, Perry County, Ohio. He be
longs |p the Province of the Domini
cans oV California and after a couple
of ye^jrs* further study in the monas
tery at Somerset may be called to San
Francisco.- *
> Father Olsen when a boy studied at
the Polytechnic High School, also at
the Hamilton Gramjnar School, and in
U96 he enured the Dominican Mon
astery>&t B^nicia, where he remained
until January, 1902, when he went to
St. Joseph's Monastery, Somerset.
Ranchers of LQe Pine, Inyo County,
Complete Difficult Task After
Many Months of Labor.
A pack trail to the summits)f Mount
¦\N hitney has been constructed. Three
mules and a saddle horse have made
the- asceiit to demonstrate the prac
ticability of travel over the jew path.
The people of Inyo County are now
awaiting tourists.
Mount Whitney is the highest point
in the United States. The top * is
exactly 14,515 feet above the sea level,
according: to the computations of Pro
ffssor McAdie of the Weather Bureau.
The ranchers of Lone Pine commenced
the construction of the pack trail sev
eral months ago. ._ The -^rork was com
pleted July 18. McAdie received the
r.ew-s yesterday and is preparing tp ;n
ctall apparatus on the summit. © P
The writer of the letter stated that
Eoyd Surby was struck by lightnings
the very'top of the mountain on July
2«. but McAdie say* that prospective
v-,6itors to the lofty peak need not be
alarmed on that accoup*> for he In
tends to keep the electricity away rrom
there in the future.
There is some talk of erecting: an
observatory on Mount Whitney with
funds supplied to the Government by
Andrew Carnegie.
REV. FATHER EDWIX OLSEX
TO CELEBRATE FIRST MASS
PACK TF\IL IS BUILT TO
TOP OF MOUNT WHITXEY
•
General Adna R. .Chaffee, chief of
staff. United States army, accom
panied by General Charles 1$) Humph
rey, made a tour of inspection of the
Presidio yesterday. He was accom
panied by General MacArthur, Colonel
S. P. Jocelyn, Major C. A. Devol, Ma
jor Parker W. West and Colonel W. S.
Patten. General Chaffee's visit was
entirely devoted to looking over the
post to see what it actually needed in
the way of improvements. There was
no review, no salute, no inspection of
the troops. Everv department of the
post was inspectecl.-including the main
barracks, cantonments, warehouses
and both hospitals, and General Chaf
fee now has a full understanding of
the needs of the Presidio.
So far as the cantonmenial are con
cerned the head of the army made a
special and complete investigation.
Whether he recommend an ap->
propriation for entirely new bar®icks
or whether he will decide that the
present quarters of the cantonment
camps are sufficient remains to be
seen. General Humphrey was .decid
edly of the opinion that the Presidio
was greatlj in need of improvements.
On entering the Presidio General
Chaffee: was received by Colonel (Wil
liam L. Pitcher, surrounded by all the
officers of the Twenty-eighth Infantry,
in the little shack that serves as head
quarters for that cantonment. They
could barely squeeze in there and Col
onel Pitcher took advantage of the
occasion to call attention to the needs
of an administration building. A com
plete survey of this cantonment was
then made, after which an informal
reception was held in Colonel Pitch
er's q-Q.rters, during which the band
played "Hail to the Chief."
General Chaffee and party were
next driven through the post prQjer.
Luncheon was served at the quarters
of Colonel Morris and was attended
by all the oflicers of the ; pi>st. Mrs.
Morris and the Misses Morris wei©
also present. The warehouses on the
beach were then inspected and the
party drove out to the big guns. After
inspecting these the pO/'ty went di
rectly to the ferry building, where
General MacArthur said good-by to
the chief, who was escorted across the
bay by Colonel Jocelyn and Major
West. At 4 o'clock he boarded his
private car, as he had a great volume
of work to do, and at S o'clock he was
traveling swiftly northward to Port
land. It was reported that General
Chaffee was greatly impressed with
the need for many improvements in
this department. If this is true his
opinions' coincide with those of all the
troops Qliat have been statioiQd here.
The trialQof Lieutenant Charles P.
Smith will be resumed at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning at the Presidio,
where he will face two additional
charges — absent without leave and
disobedience to orders. It is under
stood that some important testimony
ojf^ a sensational character will be
brought forward by the defense.
General MacArthur, accompanied
by Major Parker W. West, will leave
Monday afternoon for Ord barracks
to witness the finals of the target
practice. The medals will be person
ally presented to the fortunate con
testants by General MacArthur on
Wednesday 'morning. General Mac-
Arthur will return to town the same
evening. v
Colonel Pitcher is busily engaged
drilling the provisional regiment that
is to go to Atascadero, where it will
take part 'in the maneuvers. Yester
day they had a big field practice,
which covered the grounds of the. golf
links and reached out beyondQ the
Marine Hospital. Colonel Pitcher ex
pects to ' have the regiment in fine
shape for the maneuvers.
The transport Sherman, which
sailed from this port on July 1 for
Manila, arrived at Guam on July 27.
The transport Logan will sail to-mor
row for Manila with a fi^l comple
ment of casuals and several hundred
recruits.
The trial of CaDtain Frank A. Cook,
who is accused of drunkenness. In this
city some time ago while en route to
Manila, will be brought before court
martial at the Presidio, which will
probably convene early next week.
The following officers registered at
headquarters yesterday: Major Gaines
Lawson, who is staying at the Occi
dental; Major Mason Jackson, 900
Sutter street: Lieutenant Charles Van
Way, Twelfth Cavalry; Lieutenant H.
G. Sharpe of the Twentieth Infantry,
en route to his regiment in Manila.
To-day is muster day of all troops
of the United States army.
His Observations Here Are
Expected to Win Appro
priations at Washington
LEAVES F011 THE EAST
*
General Chaffee Inspects
Reservation and Notes the
Improvements Asked For
CHIEF VISITS
THE PRESIDIO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31. 1904.
Will Junket In .Mountains.
33
; „„____!____„. ...'. __";_'_ *; . J_ • ' " .'" •'•;'; ' . _; ADA^RTISE>IENTS. L - • >
»*J1«B»«M1JM MfrAHtfAl^^ ..Pi ¦¦¦!.. ¦«p, l . 1 , n . t|ff|nir , 1|l|n m. ¦¦ mL^uwMimiLiiiiiuuiu. || ||| 1 1 lliaamilJIWWaa^
¦y:. A ¦";;-.... "/:'¦ ' ¦¦ ' ' -¦ - ¦.'>-¦. "^
Beginning Monday Morning and During Next* Few Days
We Offer Saving of Nearly, One-Half.
• There has been an almost unprecedented dullness in this summer's trade in every line. Pianos form no exception,
and we have at last been forced of necessity to close out on short notice at least half a dozen cars of pianos. In addition
to instruments mentioned below, are nearly three carloads of pianos just received which have been shipped on our orders
of months ago, when we anticipated a more brisk summer trade. This big lot of pianos coming in now. when our stock
is full to overflowing,, leaves us no alternative — we have simply got to close them out. We are offering brand-new pianos
at prices lower than many dealers ask for second-hand instruments, and we are offering used pianos at but little more
than half their real value.
New Pianos Used Pianos
Not one of these pianos has been rented; they are absolutely This stock comprises almost every known make, any wood you
new; they are not even stock worn Many of them have not been in want, and many of them are pianos of latest design. Some of them
our store more than a few weeks. * They are sample instruments £ 'SSS^S.
sent us from which to choose styles; others are discontinued pat- pensive pianos. Not a piano in the list but that is in good condi-
tcrns— styles we do not regularly carry in stock— and others are tion. We guarantee them absolutely and allow privilege of exchange
makes we will no longer carry, owing to change in agencies. if not entirely satisfactory.
If you are ambitious for your children to acquire a piano education, your needs are for a piano that is capable and
that will end^ure. It need not be of extremely elaborate design. If you are in moderate circumstances and need to prac-
tice economy, a piano of great renown is no,t necessary, yet you need ?.GOOD PIANO. A- word to the wise is sufficient.
The timeQO seize an opportunity is when it may be had. That time is^now.
NOTHING ADDED TO THESE PRICES IF YOU BUY ON TIME.
$300 Wing & Son H& W»S $ | 20 $375Ivcrs & Pond S^b?«« $ I 70
$450 Mason & Hamlin 1^??!§ $275 .^SOOfilash/s $320
$275 Wcston Piano $ I 25 $fSO Brewster Piano i^it^; $200
tflnr T\-l«»»i— - 9 00d old . m « k^ : discontinued moArt IP I **c« ¥r ? Discontinued pattern; ele- AAnr
J47 d Bcnning j™ '$*\ 0 °f k ° r jmjsww q> o 2. 0 $425 Kvrtzmann g nt iittie pian ° ; . ne ™; , c^ $ 3 3 5
$350 Harmony Piano |§||| $220 $500 Smith & Nixon S^lS $360
$475 Hobart M. Cable || |?g $345 $375 KohIer & Chase $255
0 .... case. Cut to
$2^0 Ivcrson Piano I|E|^f" v ?H $ | 35 $375 FranKlm e n d^^ S ; b^ n inu u rc d ase ab^ $215
tfifPA T3J— -V»^»» Mahogany case; like new. Cut mrjn A «F»7r\A tl CC Warranted new: too many of sr\ i r\ r\
$450 Fischer to $ 2 8 0 $300 Hoffmann ;s n s e st a e t SffS! $ I 9 0
Oak case Gilbert piano, $160; Fischer piano, ebony case, $200; Trowbridge, mahogany case piano, $165; Kimball
piano, walnut case, $185; Crown piano, walnut case, $170;- Albrecht piano, good order, $200; Keller & Co. mahogany case
piano, $180; A. B. Chase piano, walnut case, new style, $260; New England piano, Circassian walnut case, $200; Chicker- vmm
ing piano, rosewood case, large size, $280; Paige & Co. new piano, $270, etc., etc.
1^% i H m/v/l- x^'Mf^%^Hff«% 1^ ( Thc Lar^cst Music House on the Coast).
PggllS^ Cor. Post and Keamy Sts.
NO TIME LIKE TIIE
PRESENT
.If you contemplnte buying a
suburban home, do it now.
Our REAIi ESTATE columns
contain some snaps to-day. ;
'f. ADVERTISEMENTS.
C^^jj?|\j^=|7ta^^-^^^^i) Iron Cribs, just as shown in pic-
Jni'flTN^iI iTai Im^YhRh I ture * 2 * ect inches wide, 4 feet 6
Sifci i JL"Sn!~ Ml * I "I ftXt-'l inches long, in white, pink and
• i liL'J ' : T a^ft K baby blue, including woven wire
i u '/l / //jfij!' sj|'j l! lfr M jiflPW %3\1 f mattress and wool top mattress;
* §, J k -^A\,zJ 5fc£ ' _ sidcs of crib ad J' ustable - Regular
V .1 *--;-, _^ ?5§iJli=*§l Jslp^ll? price $12.00. for this CO "7 C
¦"~"" ~^%ZZ. week vDU./ D
, . _„ Quarter-iawed Oak Piano Poll»i
AZSfigj!&t. •Box Seat Dlninff-Koom Ch»ira — Claw v,^ £\
if feet, cane seat, and very-> prettily JJ5%. ¦
|_^^^,^ carved. This chair is built to last a Xjji^X
p^g>5 lifetime. Regular price tf* *^ '"JC iCWti '%
1 $4.00; for this week kb^./D
J* 2^ Carver to match S3. GO if jF*^^2f|
"Wednesday Afternoon, between a %_^tf\jV»Al
TragtWWJsS and 6, and Saturday ITlfht, between 7
ff|P^"^t and 10, Imported German Steins — \
[L-Vl 1/ meastirins: 10 inches hij^h. powtor 4*P*# l^i r "i
»i la covers. These steins come in an end- fr, in '*~ ,
« S g 1«.-ms assortment of shapes and F^p ' 4"jgMKJ5tfff
J 1 u colorings. Regular price $1.75; /jC fit&giyjSK
" Only one will bo sold to a customer. "*
Pattern Out fitting Co
1320-1328 Stockton Street*.
All. CAllS Z.SAS TO OUB STOBE.
| WE nJKUISH HOUSES CO2IPLZTZXT.
" COT7NTST OBDE23 SOLICITED.
-~ ;-;-; -:' A1>VKRTISKMENTS. -
What Collier Says:
! CKARLES FROHMAN'S
: criterion Theater
Cor. Broadway and 44th Street
NEW YORK, June 8, 190 4
I have, I do now, and shall continue
to use ED. -PINAUD'S EAU de QUININE HAIR
TONIC. It is the best I ever usedf
-7 — I
Everj' one knows Will 1 - Collier. TExgXy one should know, as - he
does, the value of ED. PINAUD'S Eau de Quinine Hair Tonic. If you
have never tried it be guided by the experience of famous men and
women- who both use and recommend it. ED. PINAUD'S Eau de
Quinine Hair Tonic justly ranks far above all other preparations in
re::i"v;r!K and preventing dandruff, softening the scalp, stopping falling
hair, promoting its growth and making it lustrous and beautiful.
Such testimonials as the above are valuable because they represent
ihe opinions of men and women whose opinions cannot he bought.
We have similar letters from Eff -^ Shannon, Lew Fields, Francis Wil-
son. Joe Weber, Marie Cahill, Raymond Hitchcock, James T. Powers,
Thos. O. Seabrfoke. and a host of others- all testifj'ing to theQsupe-
ricrty of ED. PINAUD'S Eau de Quinirii. Hair Tonic. To further con-
vince any who are ignorant as to its value we will mail a sample bottle
on receipt of 8c to pay postage; including j;ample bottle latest creation
in perfume.
Remember that ED. PINAUD's Eau de"Quinine Hair Tonic is the
original hair and scalp tonic and is therefore widely counterfeited.
The genuine bears the n^me ED. PINAUD- Look for the name.
ED. PIJVJIUD I We are the largest manufac
A ntc turerz in the world of high
rn a ?.Z?J!? e Z!.?.%fi;~ grade perfumes. Our name is
ED. FINAUD BUILDING, a guarantee of highest quality.
5ih Ave. and 74ih Dt, —Parfumerie Ed. Pihaud, 18
Uew York City, PIace Vcndome, Paris.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ...Advance Style... I
s Autumn Garments g
i Wholesale Prices
I! $i8. S o New Style TAILOR SUITS, our price. .... .$1250 |
j $22.50 Ncw^tyle TAILOR SUITS, our price $15.00 I
i $25.00 New Style TAILOR SUIT&V our price $17-50 I
\ $8.50 New Style AUTUMN JACKETS, our price.. $6-50 1
1 $10.00 New Style AUTUMN JACKETS, our price.. $8.50 I
M .Wholesale Manufacturers. g
p $r^. - 1 142-1146 Market Street |Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. OOc flask. ' Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Wants City to Pay Its Share.
' The Board of Public Works yester
day petitioned the Board of Super
visors to appropriate 520,000 to meet
the expense of street work in front of
city property. The petition states that
in its estimate of moneys necessary for
its department the sum of 5187,962
for work that should be performed in
front of city property and three ap
plications for permits to do street
work have been denied because the
city cannot do its portion. \
B. F. Stoll. dentist; ilaJght ft Masonic ave«»
The annual picnic of the Swiss Re
lief Society will be held . at Fairfax
Park on Sunday, August 7. The at
tractions will include games, "Tom
bola," bowling and shooting for prizes,
dancing: and an open-air concert.
Swiss Society's Oiiting.
The Edward Knowlea Company, 24 Second
St., ha\-e purchased a Mlehle cylinder press. •
cers Holmes and Brown on charges
of vagrancy and intent to do great
bodily harm. /
Andrew Summers, a vagrant by oc
cupation, smoked a couple of "hop
pills" last evening and wandered into
Portsmouth Square. His appearance
excited a good deal of mirth from four
Chinese who occupied a bench in the
park. Th^ir smiles angered the vag
rant, who succeeded in sending the
four to the hospital before h!s wrath
at their vulgar Emiles was appeased.
The Chinese were treated for scalp
•vvounds and various other contusions
and Summers was locked up by Offi-
What the "Hoi> M Will Do.
Auditor Baehr yesterday decided not
to audit the salary demands of Paul
Bellemans, E. T. Darbey, A. A. Oliver,
William Ross and S. M. Sullivan, extra
deputies in Recorder Godchaux's ofnee.
Baehr's action is guided by the fact
that the Mayor has not recommended
the creation of the positions as being
necessary, as the charter provides
shall be done in all cases where extra
deputies are employed. i./»'.. : •
Twenty-five Deputy Registrars,
whose appointments the Civil Service
Commission refuses to approve be
cause they were not taken from the
eligible list, have also had their salary
demands for July held up for that rea
son. .They are: I. Elias, W. G. Bright,
A. Vaenburg. James Wilkinson, W. F.
Arrington, W. N. Jackson, J. L. Hart,
C. I. Gould, G. G. Hillman, E. S.
Havens, Charles Wyman, C. S. Ewlng,
John A. Carroll, J. E. Broderick, S.
H. Beckett, L. F. Cull, J. A. Moynihan,
B. E. Ullner, D. B. McCarthy. William
White, John A. Fenton, H. M. Short,
W. P. Pilkington, S. Wachholder, L.
D. Sloss and H. J. Alexander. The de
mand of the last named was made out
for a full month, or 5100,. but as he
was suspended owing to the expose in
The Call that he also held the janitor
ship, of the Horace Mann School, for
which he receives a salary of 5108 per
month, his demand was cut down to
pay him only for the time actually
served as Deputy Registrar.
Many salary demands of officials in
the Health Department have been dis
allowed by the Auditor upon the direc
tion of the Board of Supervisors. They
include those of Health Officer Ragan,
Deputy Health Officer Levy, Inspecting
Physicians Hanna and Walsh, District
Health Officers Tillman and Adler, In
spectors Miller and Hinkle, Chemist
Bothe, Assistant Chemist Costa. Helper
Kendall, Chief Assistant Robertson,
Apprentices Derham and Lydon and
Bacteriologist Canney.
3Iany Other City Officials Have Their
Demands Held Up, Owing
to Protests.
XO SALARIES .FOR FIVE
RECORDER'S DEPUTIES
till to-morrow, when he may file a
complaint charging the larceny of 52000
instead of 55000. At the time of Young's
arrest the police wanted to charge him
with obtaining money under false pre
tenses, but a private attorney got the
warrant issued for embezzlement and
subsequently an accusation of grand
larceny was added. Young operated a
bookmaklng and diamond contract
scheme in the Starr-King building and
the police say he had cleared about
550,000 from various victims when he
suddenly left the city. Mrs. Johnson
paid 5-100 to have him arrested in New
York and brought back here.
"I never was arrested for any offense,
and am guiltless of the one I am here
accused of."
Bailiff Mahony then reminded Smith
that several ' months ago he was
charged with having stolen a gripsack
and was sentenced for petty larceny by
Judge Mogan.
"Heavens!" exclaUned Smith melo
dramatically. "Am I to be forever per
secuted by powerful and relentless ene
mies?" .>;»--
• • •
O. Tonaka, a Japanese, was so clear
ly demented that Judge Conlan sent
him to the lunacy commission for e.x
amination. He was arrested for va
grancy in Chinatown and when ap
proached by an attorney Tor informa
tion as to whether he had money to
pay for an able defense he replied in
pretty good. English:
"Sure. You get me out and I'll give
you any part of 53,000,000. You may
think I'm a Jap, but I'm a native son
of San Francisco and my father owns
San Quentln."
• • •
_W. M. Mills and W. Dow were Jointly
charged with having broken a show
window on Grant avenue and neither
of them could enlighten Judge Cab
aniss as to how the damage was ef
fected. Mills said that he did not de
sire to relieve himself of any blame
that Justly attached to him, but at the
same time he considered it his duty to
himself to inform the court that If he
fell against the window, as alleged by
the policeman, he must have been
either dragged or pushed, because he
was exceptionally free from iconoclas
tic Instinct and would never of his own
volition, however drunk he might be,
attempt to damage property. Dow
pleaded similarly in his own behalf and
then the Judge dismissed the case and
ordered the defendants to defray tho
cost of repairing the shattered -window.
For beating his. wife Frank Bandry
was given ninety days' imprisonment
by Judge Conlan.
A. Jury In Judge Fritz's court ac
quitted C. L. Murphy, a striking stable
man, of the charge of having hurled a
rock at a hack driver who was con
veying a party from the recent FVench
ball at Mechanics' Pavilion. The pros
ecuting testimony conflicted, Patrol
man Goff swearing that Murphy threw
the rock and Corporal BIrdsall testify
ing that it was cast by one of the de
fendant's companions.
When the case of James F. Young,
Frank . Smith, accused of stealing
fishplates from a railway yard, was
given thirty days' imprisonment by
Judge Cabaniss.
"Have you ever been charged with
larceny before?" asked the .Vudgewhen
Smith was placed before him.
"No, sir," was the emphatic answer;
Convicted of stealing a dress suit case
from a room of the hotel In which he
was employed as a bell boy, George
Simmons pleaded so hard for mercy
that Judge Fritz postponed sentence for
three months and allowed him to go on
his own recognizance, at the same time
suggesting It would be well for him to
shun temptation by going to sea. That
happened three months ago, and yes
terday Master Simmons stood before
the Judge and reported that since his
previous appearance In court he had
been leading an honest life.
"What are you doing for a living?"
his Honor inquired.
"I am employed An a hotel," was the
reply.
"Well, I don't think you are a safe
person- to be employed in a hotel," said
the Judge. "The testimony proved you
of larcenous inclination and unfit to be
trusted where there is , temptation to
steal without fear of arrest. That was
why I advised you to go to sea, where
there Is not much chance of getting
away with portable property without
danger of detection. I now .repeat that
advice, 1 and failure to adopt it will
mean your imprisonment for the full
term prescribed for your offense."
Master Simmons promised to seek a
Ehlp right away.
Mrs. Sarah Curtis, accused of (tending
obscene letters to Mrs. Emma Fitzger
ald of 110 Minna street, disclaimed au
thorship of the unprintable missives
and requested Judge Conlan to have
chlrographlc experts appointed to com
pare her handwriting with that alleged
to be hers by Mrs. Fitzgerald. His
Honor took the request under consid
eration till to-morrow.
John Nelson, descendant of the Vi
kings, dropped Into a gospel meeting
at Pine and Kearny streets last Friday
evening and made his presence so of
fensive that a self-appointed commit
tee of two muscular worshipers ejected
him from the hall. Then he stood upon
the sidewalk and exhorted until Patrol
man J. B. O'Connor undertook to si
lence him, when a scrimmage and the
Inevitable arrest ensued.
In Judge Cabaniss' court the plea of
inebriety was advanced by Mr. Nelson.
"Ay ban dronk," he said, "an* ay sor
ray. Ay gode Christian when ay ban
sober." Then he went on to explain
that it was not the doctrine expounded
In the meeting that had provoked him
to disorder, but the promptings of evil
that dwell within the flowing bowl. His
confession 'of faith was rewarded with
twenty-four hours' imprisonment.
.Mrs. Ellen O'Donnell of. 115 Jackson
street told Judge Conlan that for gen
eral worthlessness she would back'her
husband, James, against anything that
ever assumed to be a man. Laziness
and love of drink were his principal de
merits and when drunk he would beat
her if she were fool enough to permit
him. She hoped the court would deal
with him unsparingly, as she could get
along better without him than by hav
ing him constantly pestering her. If
the lady's mind does not undergo a
radical change before next Friday her
appeal may find satisfactory response.
* -' '* •
Judge Cabaniss gave Albert Paodl
until September 1 to remove his ward
robe and other personal belongings
fr*om his wife's apartments on lower
Green street, the lady having stated
that she very much preferred his ab
sence to his society.
"He's my second husband," she said,
"and he'll never have a successor. Of
all the good-for-nothing creatures I
ever beard of. he is the worst. He re
fuses to work, and when I refuse to
work he beats me. All that I ask your
Honor to do Is to make him take nis
clothes and go."
"It gives me pleasure to accede to
your request, . madame," said the
Judge, "and 'I hope, for '-.your own sake,
you will llve'up to your resolve to keep
his former "place ¦ at table forever va
cant." .
• • •
Judge Fritz finsd them 55 apiece and
Informed them that the sentence would
be heavier if they had not missed one
of the best prizefights he had ever
witnessed.
Among the admiring compatriots of
"Battling" Nelson who did not witness
the defeat of Eddie Hanlqn, on Friday
night were William Altemln and Fred
Ahokas, bolh enrolled "a. b." on tho
books of the coasting schooner Fearless
Flossie. That they missed seeing the
fistic glory of Denmark upheld was
entirely the fault of the two seamen,
for thejThad the pecuniary means, the
time and, it is needless to say, the in
clination to visit Woodward's Pavilion,
when they were arrested for fighting
and forced to spend the memorable
night in prison.
After obtaining leave of absence from
their ship Mr. Altemin and Mr. Ahokas
— mispronounced "Artichokes" by the
clerk of Judge Fritz's court— started
for the ringside and while awaiting a
street car they unfortunately, dropped
into a Steuart-street saloon, where the
relative prowess of ! "Battling" and
"Eddie" were under discussion by a
group of 'longshore characters whom
Impecuniosity alone prevented seeing
the mighty little boxers In action. Into
the argument indiscreetly plunged the
flower of the Fearless Flossie's, crew.
Mr. Altemin's opinion that Nelson
would win In a canter, was enthusias
tically indorsed by Mr.; Ahokas, while
the Hanlon partisans as firmly ex
pressed belief that their favorite could
not be beaten by any one of his weight
in this or any other country. The
longer the debate waged the more beer
was consumed— the two seamen paying
for all of it— and Just how the fight be
gan nobody concerned seemed clearly
to recollect. . When the policeman ar
rived on the scene he found pnly Mr.
Altemin and Mr! Ahokas. They were
locked in close embrace and kicking
and biting most viciously and when
they were pulled asunder each was
surprised to find that the other was
not somebody else. -
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ v*
Two Seagoing Admirers of Danish Pugi
list Start Out to See Him in Action,
but They Fall Afoul of Landlubbers
COMPATRIOTS OF NELSON
SPEND NIGHT IN PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 190£
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules'. That's alL •
H. Heller was brought from Los An
geles on Friday night by Detective
Wren and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of passing a fictitious check.
The check was ' for $27 50 and was
passed on Mlersch & Claus of the Em
porium bakery, at «Ellis and Leaven
worth streets. Heller was introduced
to the firm by A. Silverstein, who had
5900 taken from his pocketbook" at a
hotel on Ellis street about two weeks
ago on the eve of his departure for Eu
rope. It Is also alleged that Heller
passed a fictitious check on R. D. Davis
& Co., at 46 Geary street.
Heller had another scheme which
may bring him into more serious trou
ble. It is alleged that he has been sell-
Ing barrels of whisky in bond In Louis
ville, Ky., to retail dealers in this city
and other places on certificates which
were fraudulent. He was arrested in
Los Angeles for a job of this kind, but
owing to the refusal of the person in
New York .whose name was alleged to
have been forged on the certificate to
go there and testify no action was
taken against Heller.
One of his victims here is Eugene
McCoy of McCoy & Nesbltt. He wrote
Chief Wlttman from Adams' Springs
that he had purchased fifteen barrels
of whisky from Heller which were said
to be in bond in Louisville, and when
he wrote to the proprietors of the bond
he received a reply that they knew
nothing of Heller or the firm in New
York he claimed to represent. Heller
had received money on the sale.
Another letter was received by the
Chief from a representative of Braun
schweiger & Co. that A. T. Dormia and
Marra •& Mozettl of 'Reno, Nev., had
both been victimized by Heller In the
same way. Each had purchased five
barrels of whisky In bond and had ad
vanced 525 to Heller, but found there
was no whisky for them. The police
believe that others will be heard from.
H. Heller Is Brought From
Los Angeles on Charge of
Passing Fictitious Checks
BUSINESS MEN
HIS VICTIMS
accused of ewlndllng: Mrs. Sarah F.
Johnson of J5000, which she gave him
to Invest in a get-rich-quick scheme,
was called before Judge Fritz yester
day morning Assistant District Attor
ney Harris stated that testimony was
lacking to prove that a crime had been
committed within the purview of the
law. Then he asked for a continuance
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QUICK CLEARANCE
To-irtorrow will be a big day
''&F W in the Wash Goods Section.
*sr*Jrtk J£$f&tr^$& summer fabrics have been
i §^^^ ;^^B gathered up for a quick final
**^^^^1<^^S^ :^R'I clearance. Prices have been cut
fWi with a view to selling quickly,
Mm iPk. anfl werc it: not for tIie fact
*w Silk' J^^Ar^^^^^ could not think of naming the
figures that we do. This de-
>^£j$? "^%^£j^ partment is located on the first
floor — to the right as you en-
ter from Geary street.
At 6c a-Yard £M^ At p| a Yard ZstfJZz
Sateens in light, medium and dark iinc Y figured Scotch Suitings in stylish
colors. Every piece new this searon. yool effects; reliable and standard quali-
T .. ~. »«• Regular value 20c and 25c a yard.
Large pattern assortment. These arc Q ¦ . o
our Kg u,ar ,5c ,,,»>».*. y^j W j de p^^^
ki Ilf* Jl VurA Fancv figured the best quality, in a large pattern
A I 11 W ll IdlU L ace Stripe Lawns assortment and all the new color-
with colored grounds. A fabric that ia «*: This is thc re S^" I2^ c
k. h- . mi 11 .h^h .h. p^ j3£c*3|R3SS 9c
season. The regular value is 25c a yard. q ; )
QUICK CLEARANCE QUICK CLEARANCE
SALE OF WASH SUITS . sale of poiht de paris laces
r^ ll, . , . The most important event of the
sJfnfn C . Iea T r f nce development yet. month in thc Lacc Section. Un-
iT^A K P^ q^'P tiSS 'H^ a : P^' hear d of prices prcvail on fresh,
gee and Novelty Suitings m Shirtwaist, new Mods
NorfolkJacketorBlouseeffectstyles.The " C Jf d . S - -. . on
workmanship is perfect, the materials A 1 7C A YAKD
tkfbesk We are going to offer $J2. 50, Point de Paris Laces, s and 6
515.00 and $18,00 Suits for . . C7 CA inches wide; new and beautiful
v •. • • • • • Vl»w" patterns. Regular price per
Cotton Shirtwaist Suits $1.98 jSgf 7c
A final clearance of all our regular AT 5c A YARD
$3.50 and $5.00 Cotton Shirtwaist Suits. Point de Paris Laces, 4 to 5
i- -f r . Hurf y iot these '*» the number is inches wide; many new pat-
hmited and the demand will be great. terns. Regular price per yard,
—————________ ioc. Quick Clearance C _
QUICK CLEARANCE Pri " - 3C
SALE OF LAWN WAISTS quick clearance
SALE OF TRIMMED HATS
but not clearance goods. They ._.. ¦ qr in H . f
will be shown for the first time iialS TOF
to-morrow. **s«3ill&; 4£ m t\i\
WAISTS AT 68c #llllk *5 •
Worth regularly $1.25. They
are exceedingly well made of Just 50 TRIMMED
white sheer lawn. The trim- • MW '^*2'i il k. HAT^ ?« n tf»* ?«_
mings are of lace and embroid- Tfc 311* 1 J*
ery. You. are sure of a perfect , \Z_aMfr mofrow - thc hnd
fit. And you save 50c on every •¦'S^^^' wc so^ a^ scason
1X7 V A TC* for $10.00 will go
WAISTS AT 98C fPsjS^* at 55.00. Do you
Worth regularly $1.50. A clear -. realize the Import-
saving of 52 cents! The materiar "\ . V ance of • the\ event ?
is a sheer lawn. The trimming w ,. . .. . _ n
is principally embroidery. The £ J e can * 6 "5 h of th r c 50 h f re '
main style feature is the plain, o™ Y 00 w »" iia <* flower hats, fancy lace
broad tucks, which give the neat and straw braid effects and. plenty of
tailored effect. ** good tailor styles.
nopff£/? GPANrJtfE'.AMP p£A&Y ST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Twice a year we clean up stock — just before tfce |
change of each season. Now is summer clean-up time — all fj
the unseasonable shoes — the tan shoes, the 'summer lines ||
— shoes that will not be in demand this* fall — a lot of fine B ,
E footwear is sacrificed in price to clean up the regular stock, ra '
This is your time to save on good shoes, for we have i j
; reduced prices in order to force sales. - >3) ; •• a
i Don't .postpone your visit, for the quicker you come H
| the better the selection. See the windows. [I :
lyrics' Gezmiae Patent Colt Bntton Ozforda — Like Illustration $* |p H '.
No. 1. DulL^tops. light solea, plain toe and Cuban heel. A «nZ_I3 a
first-class and stylish s»mmer shoe. Reduced tc» B j
ladies' Kid liace Slices — Kid tips, llsht. flexible soles, medium (f| or H
heel; an attractive shoe, guaranteed for wear. Regularly 52.50 JM,OJ) W
'4 Xi&dies' Patent Leather Slippers — Kid back, three straps across & f / r R
instep. Frcnclr^iee!; a fine^ltin& Dress Slipper like illustra- 3)1.03 B
tion Xo. 2. Never less than J2.00. Now v*»v a
I.adics f Patent leather Gibson Tie* or Plain Ozfords — Plain *« rr B
toe, high French heels. Reduced from $3.60 w^itJt) K
ladles' Pine Kid Lace Shoes — Dull calf back, patent leather £/) IT R
tips, highest Oiban heel, ilght soler.' A very stylish and at- a
tractive shoe, like illustration No. 3 H
i Seven other lines of Patent Leather Lace .and Bntton Shoes, Q* f r R
end also Kid Lace Shoes reduced to Jn^ t |J) [J
Several linen of Laird, Schober ft Co.'s Hifrh and Low Shoes, <» *} nr \ gj
reduced from $5.00 and 56.00 to «Bu«0t) H
/"^v. * Children's and Misses' Gray Canvas Oxfords— M
/ Reduced to a price leSs than cost of produc- R
i ftw \ tion to close out. * ¦ v H
vjfr /- iJSffir 1 Gray Canvas Lace Shoes ."»c more a pair. l\
I ¦ ><^-j^Si£r3. Children's and Kisses' "White Canvas Oxforda m
» «^fc^. • Chllcc^cn's and Misses' Pine Xid Lace or But- n
'¦ rlaliS'^^w tot * oel1 — Patent tip, also Box Calf Lace m
' KaSfr 7 Shoes, illustration No. 4, first-class school e|
• 'WK^Sr^ Sizes B to 8 OOc P
l~*ff "— - LjT^**^fc CUflq 1 1 f,i ** fc» . #.»^ N
&JK* aft M . *_ i ' J J 1 I < t m ......«•¦.. I • . > . ft Lj
f Children's and Micses* Patent Leather Lace fcj
} t «'.\it2i/>», \«S§t%»^ strictly dross at the pric*» of ordinary goods. * H
• */ r— — — -— — j^\ • Seizes 1 1 to ** " *«J I **t m0 I
y^— 4^^T^' Children's _ and Hisses' Patent Leather Gibson I
1 ¦-'¦SjF^ii Sizes 5 to S SI .On :
¦- *,i'™«V ?/ Sizps "ton si!YH •
/^Vu • Sizes 11 to 2 81*3.4
y M?- : ~' J^t*. ' Boys' and Touths' Best Satin Calf Lace Shoes
~t fir-.',' £tS$1s — F° r school wear — durable and natty. M
\ H O 9 » t0 13 St. OS. reduced from $1.25 1
j %> "^^O t izes 13 '? toS.-i-«1.2O. reduced from 51.50 - 1
aE /?~x *t- Slzes 2^f t^ 5%. 81.45, reduced from $1.75 1
i Yfe-A \ *°/," f aad "S'^tns' I"i»e Vid or Box Calf Lace I
f EUj ¦.--si.'.- * -.'-A . Shoes — Stout soles, good wearers. H
fc r |^- J X? Sizes 13 to 2 SI. GO H
I % -:3k Sizes 2U to 5^ Slisfi i ¦ N
Men's Vicl Lace Shoes or Box Calf js- ,- |
1^^^^^ ?a her "Rc?^eTt a o r w . e . u . : g^g .52.65 §
y iffl^v-' Men's Ertremel7 Pine Patent Colt fl/% « P i
| JM- Southern Ties or Bntton Oxford* .ISA IS H
\ lj Illustration No. 5. Reduce'd toTT..^^**-^ 9
I / /"**$*. Men's Tan Calf Bluchers or Tan {i/i np n
'/ V Fd* liace Shoes^ — Regiilarly $3.50 goods, ,\/ aS B'
t I T to close out, reduced to v*«tVJt/ n
f \ v «i^L * AJI . ot these goods, together with a number 9
| < KSSe!fckIl--=»- >^ *^ of ot 5? r styles too numerous for description H
1 *3)^^*V "" '" X are displayed in our show windows. No mat- H
\ _J^. tcr what is wanted in the shoe line you can n
? «\\VA"«*b- /^t^ secure a good bargain, and. what is more, W
P «V* *^il^^^5 r °V S h I s k' J P-worn stuff, but up-to-dato g
F'^i^<fe<||^ fY 832 MARKET st.5? HJ |
? &fffTEr&MYM
*L ttime fwfliy 5
I Parlor Suits odd Pieces |
o The most complete, line on the coast. Everything to 2
g make your parlor look bright and comfortable, at prices to S
9 suit every purse. Just received two carloads of Carpets and %
g Rugs in the latest patterns. A great many in Persian and •
• Oriental design. |
rt We have two acres of floor space covered with Bed %
g Sets, Brass and Enameled Beds, Dining-room Sets, Stoves, •
O etc, to make your selection from. We are not compelled to §
e advertise special sales, as every day is bargain day with us. 5
• Visit our immense store and see the many bargains we have '•
O lo offer. We don't pay rent; all other furniture houses do; §
q that's why we sell so much lower. ® ' ©
0 " "'¦¦¦'¦ : g.
I The J. Noonan Furniture Co. inc 1
1 I0I7-I023 MISSION STREET, Abovc_sixth. §
'*yf:\ ADV.fcJtTlHiOl r; iib. . _
NEW FALL
PAAtV C» ¦
During the past wceK we received large shipments ol
new Housekeeping Goods and arc now prepared too show
a fine assortment o! Irish, German and Belgian Table
Linens, Towels, Toweling, Lace and linen Embroidered
Scarfs, Squares and Doylies, Curtains, Curtain Net, Por-
tieres, Couch Covers, White and Colored Bed Spreads,
Ruffled Lace Bed Sets and BlanKcts.
As we are direct importers from the manufacturers
of all these goods, we arc enabled to sell at very low prices.
qa - n WHITE MARSEILLES AND SATIN FINISH BSD
OU SPREADS; extra size; ia xa new hxndxrm* deafens}
Each hemmed ready for us«. V^
$5.1)0 CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS, til woc4 fcffl
F»air s * ze » * or double bed; assorted colored borders,
<fc A Oft TAPESTRY AND REP PORTIERES, figmd «ad plain
\J> H- . UU colors; some with heavy knotted fringe and others with
Each Persian Band Borders; all new patterns and colors.
<fc9 *?H TA ? ESTRY TABLE COVERS, a yards square; «. good
V^'"" quality tapestry, with fringe finish; la large rarietr of
Each colorings.
$3-00 IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, large size; *».¦». »H
Dozen and hemstitched; white and red borders.
4j r(\ IRISH LINEN TABLE CLOTH: aatin fcrfsh, 2 ya*U
$ £ • D U wide and 2% yards long; all new patterns; Dinner Nap-
Each km j to" match at $3.OO per dozen.
$2.50 I0 ° DOZEN BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS; fan
Dozen size and all linen; in many new and handsome patterns.
75q BLEACHED AND LOOM TABLE LINEN; extra hessy,
Yard full width and all linen; in a variety of new patterns. '¦• -
In addition to the above goods will also show this week a com-
plete line of new Lace Curtains from $3.00 to 915.0© a pah*;
Door Panels, in Arabian, Ecru and White, from OOc to $ 3-O© each;
Couch Covers from 93.00 to $10 ; OO each and a fine line of the
cejebrated St. Mary's Robe Blankets, in fancy colors, at 94.CO and
$?."». oO each.
¦? • j .'•'
111 to 121 POST STREET.
EXPERT OPnciA-N".
GEORGE MAYERLB'S
GERMAN EYEWATER
Perfectly harales« aad effsett»» remedy,
makea weak eyes ¦trony. diseased «yes well.
Rests tired eyes.
Prle«. 60o. By tnan. «2a If yocr drosryist
doesn't keep It order direct from Georg* May-
erle. 1071 Market si.. S. F. Georr» Maytrle'a
aatlsaptlc eyeglan cleaners, 2 for 2S«.
TXAOE KUUC.
/to>'^J3«S» Woae ftxraJa* wftbavt tit*
Pjfc^S* tX * d0 mark— «a Sy« with
Igaj^**^^ a Crows.
THE AMERICAN AUTHORITY
On matters of sanitation and hyrleno «ays:
"GEORGE MAYERLITS Utest and ino«t Ira-
proved method of ezamlnlnr and oorrectlnr
most complicated cases of defectlv* Ejres!«tit
has been approved by the highest aatHoritles."
— Extract from the New Yoric Journal of
Health.
GEORQElvrAYERLE
German Expert Optician. Charter SCembet
American Association of Opticians.
1071 XABZST ST., SA2T 7SASCZSCO.
Telephone South 672.
A Warning «J^J
TO THE PUBUC.
When wishing to consult G«orz» Wayarls,
the German Expert Optician. 1071 Market St.,
regarding tho condition of th* «ye« ( avoid mis-
taking the place by looking far th* sama
"George Mayerle" on the window btfsrs en-
tering.
Much Money Coined at Mint.
The amount In half dollars coined
at the local Mint during the month of
July was $205,519. Th© number of
Philippine pesos coined was 1,234.000.
. AP V-EKTliJ F!.\rKNTS.
Now On!
S, & G. GUMP CO.'S
¦BBB^BBaSBSaBBMB^B^B^BaSm^B9Baai^BSaB«
113 Geary Street
CLEARANCE
SALE
Discounts on Evarything !Wants toHear
All Classes
Briefly.
Pat Tolk»— I reduce! xr.y weight 7(
pounds, bust 6 Inches, waist 6 lnchss and hli»
14 Inches In a short time by a guarantee
"harmless remedy without exercise or «tarvln*. .
will tell you all about it. Inctose itamp. a«1
dress MJR2. E. <>• RICHARDS.
; 223 East Nlntto «tr«»t.
TT ' - BlYenM% CU,
Eppinger Cases Continued.
When the case of Jacob Eppinger,
charged with obtaining money by
false pretenses, was called in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday to be set for
retrial District Attorney Bylngton sug
gested that it go over for two weeks.
Attorney Ach suggested three weeks
and the Judge, with, the consent of
both parties, continued the case till
August 23. The same disposition was
made of the case of Herman Eppinger,
which was on the calendar for trial.
SAN DIEGO, July 30. — There now
is every reason to believe that the Es
condido irrigation' district will be
abolished, the bonds retired and the
clouds lifted from the titles to the
lands that were bonded, the* trustees
of the district having received a prop
er petition from the owners of 90 per
cent of the valuation and have called
an election to be held August 23, at
•which the Question will be submitted
to - the district The 90 per cent se
cured indicates that the vexatious dis
trict regime will be abolished.
Land Titles.
Steps Are Being Taken to Retire the
Escondido Bonds and Clenr the
IRRIGATION DISTRICT I ¦ ;
IS, TO BE ABOLISHED
On motion of Assistant District At
torney Ferral, John Dougherty was
discharged from custody by Judge
Lawlor yesterday. Dougherty was em
ployed by L. Bercovich of Oakland and
on January 1 5 sold a quantity of sacks
to P. A. McDonald, coal dealer of this
city, for $78 75 and appropriated the
money. He appealed to the Supreme
Court and was granted a new trial on
the ground that the elements of crime
were lacking. The prosecution had no
further evidence to offer and moved
for a dismissal.
Dougherty Gets His Freedom.
fifteen minutes of that cat's nina lives
ia a most unhappy quarter of an hour.
It has been stalked by the youthful
feline head hunters night and day. It3
nine-fold vigilance ia unceasing and
its nerves are set on a hair trigger. Tha
wreck of one ear and the loss of half
of its tail tell of narrow escapes in the
past. It Is said the doctor wants that
cat and the price he has put upon it
is beyond the dream of a Hayes Val
ley boy's avarice.
The women go further and complair
of the manner of the disposal of the
bodies after the arterial circulation ol
the felines is no longer of Interest
to science. They have frequently
chased the boys out of the alleys
¦where they nave gathered to intei
their dissected prey. The women ob-*
ject to their back yards being turned
into graveyards for the household pets
of which they have been bereft. Ther<
Is a sound of women weeping for theii
kittens In Hayes Valley, and their tears
¦will not tov stayed.
S. Epstein of the Bouffet ZinkandL
929 Market street, has been summoned
to appear before the Police Commis
sioners on Tuesday night to show
cause why hi3 liquor license should
not be revoked. This action is taken
in consequence of Epstein's arrest on
July 16 on a charge of exhibiting a
deadly weapon in a rude and threaten
ing manner. The complaining witness
was George Cornet, a canvasser for a
get-rich-quick qoncern, said to be con
trolled by Epstein on Montgomery
street. '.; ¦-.:..».-.
License May Be Revoked.
Casper Kubli, proprietor of the gro
cery at -3695 Sacramento street, is a
man of business and his testi
mony yesterday before the Coroner's
jury showed that death has no ter
rors for him when somebody wants to
buy a loaf of bread. It was he who
found the dead body of Ernest R.
Williams, his clerk, with the gas
turned on last Friday morning. His
testimony was that he did not turn off
the gas because a customer came to
the store to buy a loaf of bread and
Kubli went out to wait upon him.
He admitted that he did not know
whether or not Williams was dead or
only unconscious, and on being asked
by the Coroner why he had not shut
off the flow of gas replied that he
would have done so had he not been
obliged to return to the store to sell
the customer a loaf of bread.
* A verdict of. suicide was rendered.
Finds Room Full of Gas, but Does
Not Turn It Off^ Because
Customer AVaits.
"BUSINESS FIRST" IS
THE MOTTO OF KUBLI
Judge Dunne has taken another week
to reach a conclusion in regard to the
case of George T. Ballinger, charged
with felony embezzlement on complaint
of William Schroeder. president of the
California Art Glass Works. The case
is on the Judge's calendar for trial, but
Ballinger has been discharged by Judge
Graham on a writ of " habeas corpus.
Attorneys Barry and Barrett for the
defendant submitted a motion two
weeks ago for the dismissal of the in
formatloti Mo Judge Dunne, but he
seems determined not to grant it if pos
sible.
The point at Issue is whether or not
the writ of habeas corpus was applied
for prior to the filing of the informa
tion, both having been done on the same
day. At the pfevious calling of the case
Deputy County Clerks Doran and Wells
testified that the application for the
writ was made in the morning and the
information was filed in the afternoon.
Yesterday Louis Ferrari, assistant in
the District Attorney's office, testified
that he was in the habit of filing infor
mations in the morning, but sometimes
he did it in the afternoon. He had no
independent recollection of the Bal
linger information.
The defendant's attorneys objected
to Ferrari's testimony, and the Judge
te'stily said that*he desireo" to find out
the whole course of the proceeding.
"I have carefully gone through the
records," said the Judge, "and I am
satisfied that a public .offense has been
committed. You can object to the
whole proceedings if you like, but I am
going to Instruct the District Attorney
to proceed and do his duty."
There was no further evidence to of
fer and the Judge continued the matter
for a week.
Mrs. Lawrence, who lives on .Post
street, not far from th* doctor's al
leged laboratory, says the lads of the
valley are rapidly achieving wealth
through his liberality. They put In all
the time out of school, legitimate or by
"hooky," picking up Saturday Chutes
money in the doctor's employ. The
schedule of prices runs thus: Able
bodied adult cats, full blooded and full
of war, 50 cents apiece; medium size,
or with the thinness of fasting, 3u
centsV primary kits. 25 cents. Silken
coated Angoras with pedigrees reach
ing back to the days when Persia shiv
ered her spears against the phalanxes
of Alexander are valued at 73 cents and
two green trading stamps.
There is one solitary cat In the local
ity, Mrs. Lawrence avers, and overj
It is only fair to Dr. Tait to credit
him here with a denial positive and
absolute. He-intimates that the func
tions of a cat's nervous system,
whether sensory, motor or reflex
nerve action, is not a subject of ex
perimental investigation with him. But
the housewives in Hayes Valley find
that the mousers are disappearing in
a mysterious way; domai rodents bold
ly invade the pantry and the tender
melodies of Tom's serenade are heard
no more.
Cats are shy In Hayes Valley — shy
in numbers, shy in disposition. Only
an occasional kitty, hurried and fear
some, prowls through the sunlit alley
ways. The midnight meow and cater
waul sound pianissimo from the back
fences of Western Sutter street. The
golden canary can hop from his cage
with neither Tom nor Tabby there to
stalk him along the soft carpet, and
the mouse, grown overbold, plays to a
circuit of catless houses.
This unusual state of affairs, accord
ing to the Hayes Valley ladles who
once owned blue-coated Maltoses and.
blue-blooded Angoras, Is because Dr.
Dudley. Tait has used up the surplus
felines in the Interest of science. Vivi
section, with a big V, they call the
doctor's crusade against their house
hold pets. They fail to allege in their
complaint whether his research into
the circulation of the departed pussies
was along the line of physiological or
pathological in\estlgatlon, but in the
statement they voice their objection
to his increasing an already obese fund
of scientific knowledge at their ex
pense. They are opposed to his contin
uing the experiments of Galen and
Harvey through the blood channels of
cat systems. The doctor moves on in
his cold, scientific way, hence their
tears.
Hayes Valley Lads Raid the
Backyards and Allies for
the 'Able-Bodied Felines
Expresses Himself Forcibly
on Proceedings Regarding
the Ballinger Controversy
JUDGE DUNNE
GROWS TESTY
CATS HUNTED
FOR SCIENCE
HEAD OP THE PATRIARCHS MILITANT "WHO "WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE
MILITARY DISPLAY DURING THE SESSION OF THE SOVEREIGN GRAND
LODGE. I. O. O. F., AND THE GRAND MARSHAL OF THE PARADE.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral
protested against any further delay.
The Judge continued the case for trial
till August 8, agreeing to continue it if
a proper showing were made at that
time.
The case of Alexander B. Garnett,
charged with the murder of Major J.
W. McClung on November 25 in the
rooms of Mrs. Elizabeth Hltchcock-
Coit In the Palace Hotel, was set for
trial yesterday ' in Judge Lawlor's
court, but has again been continued
till August 8.
Attorney Grady said he had received
a letter from the United States Consul
General in Paris, France, asking for
the fees for taking the testimony of
Mrs. Colt. He requested the Judge to
make an order on the City Treasurer
for the Consul's fees, but the Judge de
clined, as it was outside of Ms juris
diction. Grady demurred, saying it was
hard tfiat a man charged with murder
and penniless should be compelled to
pay $50 for procuring testimony, but he
promised to send the money and asked
for a continuance till September 1.
States Consul '¦ General In -Paris
Wants His Fees.
Reason 1 This Time Is That United
GARXETT MURDER TRIAL
IS AGAIN POSTPONED
On Wednesday, September 21, thers
will be bay excursions for the benefit
of such of the visitors as may desire to
see the grandest bay in ths United
States.
A number of special features are be
ing considered by the general commit
tee, and these will be announced as
soon as plans shall have been perfected.
From present indications the recep
tion to be tendered the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows during the latter half of Sep
tember by the members of the order In
this city, assisted by those of the entire
State, will be of considerable magni
tude. The entire week, commencing
September 19. will be given up to the
entertainment of the members of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge and to 30,000
visitors from all parts of the JJnion v\£ho
are expected to be in the city during
that period.
Thursday, September 22, will be taken
up by the Rebekah branch of the order,
that day being the twentieth anniver-^
sary of the institution of the order in
this State. The members of that branch
will hold a reception during the day to
the Sovereign Grand Ltige representa
tives, and in the evening there will
probably be a grand ball. It is pro
posed to make this one of the prom
inent days of the entertainment week.
On Friday, the 23d, v.lll come the
grand parade, in which from 10,000 to
12,000 members of the various branches
will take part. In this will be repre
sented the subordinate lodges, the Re
bekahs. the Encampment, the Patri
archs Militant, the Grand Lodge of
California and the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the United Slates.
The local lodges will introduce a
number of novel features and tloata.
The chairman of the parade committee.
Past Grand Henry Jacks, and Grand
Marshal General E. H. Black, together
with the members of the parade com
mittee, are bending their energies to
the end that this event of the week
shall be the most imposing Odd Fel
lows* parade ever known in this State.
From Alameda comes the information
that the lodges of that county will
have 1000 in line, with three band3 of
music. Santa Clara County promises
600, with two bands; Sacramento Coun
ts' will have 630. with two bands, while
Stockton will have a numerical showing
of BOO, with two bands. While other
counties have signified that the lodges
will take part in the parade, the num
bers that will appear have n<jt yet been
announced.
The committee on military display, of
which Brigadier General H. O. Brower
will be the head, has made all arrange
ments for the comfort of the chevaliers
of tfie Patriarchs Militant, who will ba
here from every section of the country.
Tents have been secured and accommo
dations arranged for In the Pavilion for
1500 canton members. The several can
tons that have entered the list to com
pete for the principal prize of $1000 in
cash and a valuable trophy are drilling
continuously, as each expects to be the
winner. In addition to this prize there
will be several others worth competing
for.
All Branches
of Order in
Line.
The children had been the greatest
sufferers 'and their . pleading for "a
drink of water" had added many fold
to the pangs of their grown-up ship
mates.
The fifteen passengers were trans
ferred to the Curacao and tenderly
cared for. Two days later, when the
steamship reached Ensenada, where
the fifteen were landed, most of them
had recovered from the effects of their
experience on the Kitty.
From the steamship's stores Captain
Paulsen replenished the larder and
wafer tanks of the Kitty, which was
left in charge of the crew to await the
belated breeze. . •
Captain Paulsen of the steamship
Curacao, which arrived yesterday from
Guaymas, on the outward voyage saved
a score of people, six of them chll
dre, from a lingering death in a wind
abandoned schooner off the coast of
Lower California.
/ Two days before the Curacao reach
ed Ensenada the schooner Kitty was
sighted near Geronimo Island, be
calmed and flying signals of distress.
One of the Curacao's officers boarded
the sailing vessel and found there a
distressing state of affairs.
. On board the Kitty, in addition to
the crew, were fifteen passengers, in
cluding J. Smith, wife and six chil
dren and several Mexican men and wo
men. The Kitty was from San Diego
and bound for Lower California.
She had been becalmed for eighteen
days where the Curacao found her.
The food supply was exhausted, the
last drop of water had been consumed
and death in one of its most dreadful
forms seemed inevitable when the
white hull of the Curacao loomed up
over the horizon.
People on Kitty of San Diego
Found Dying of Tliirst
and Picked Up by Steamer
SIX CHILDREN ON BOARD
Ten Thousand
Members to
Parade.
Captain Paulsen of Curacao
Rescues Passengers of a
Wind-Forsaken Schooner
SAVES TWENTY
FROM DEATH
ODD FELLOWS PLAY
A GREAT DISPLA Y
MARINE COMMISSION
SEEKING INFORMATION
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 31. 1904.
Pages 35:to 48
Page^35 to 48
This Is easy. A few hours' ride over thU
road will taRe you right Into the deer hunting
grounds. Deer never before were so plentiful
In Sonoma and Mendoclno counties a s thev
are this year. They bava been carefully Dro
tected during the closed «ea«on. Yesterday
morning the northbound train Dearly ran down
a spike Duck near Ignaclo. Between Uklah
and Wllllto deer are ¦ frequently • seen on the
right of way, and. as it Is fenced, there Is
great scampering. Only a tew Sundays ago
there were flv« at ©n« Urns, . J • ¦
Take a Trip Over the California
Northwestern. Railway: and Get ¦
a Deer the Next Morning.
John Cawley, a fireman employed
In the United States Mint and living at
1730 Howard street, was severely
burned yesterday afternoon about the
hands and face. While feeding the
furnace with fuel oil he started to
give an additional supply by turning
p valve In a feed pipe. The oil caught
fire, sending a flash 'of flame against
his person. The burns' were dressed
at the Emergency Hospital by Dr.
Carl Wilson. The Injuries to Cawley
are painful, but not of a serious char
acter. He will be confined to his
home for several weeks. V i ¦
Mint Fireman Severely Burned.
The gatekeeper of the cannery was
also notified that he must not admit
the children, under penalty of the
law. The officers are visiting all the
canneries in their efforts to enforce
the compulsory education law.
Truant Officers Floyd and Campion
made a descent yesterday on the
Code-Portwood cannery, located on
Bryant street, between Ninth and
Tenth, having been. Informed that
a number of children under the
age of 14 years were working in the
place in violation of the compulsory
education law. '
The alarm was evidently given, for
at the appearance of the officers some
forty girls disappeared as if by magic
and for a time the officers were unable
to find them. The girls were finally
located behind ajieap of boxes, where
they were huddled together and trem
bling from fright. They were all un
der 14 years of age and were served
with notices that they must attend
school or else be haled Into the Ju
venile Court. .
Truant Officers Have Singular Experi
ence In Enforcing the Compul
sory Education Law. {
ROUND UP CHILDRE-J
WORKING IN CANNERIES
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce has sent out invitations to
the following representatives of vari
ous interests connected with shipping
to appear and testify before the Mer
chant Marine Commission: Williams,
Dimond & Co.; Charles Nelson; Good
all, Perkins & Co.; George W. McNear,
Risdon Iron Works, Union Iron Works,
Fulton Iron Works, J. D. Spreckels &
Bros. Co., W. A. Boole & Son, H. D.
Bendlxen Shipbuilding Company, Oak
land Board of Trade, Merchants' Ex
change of Oakland, Dollar Steamship
Company, Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company, Secretary An
drew Furuseth of the Sailors* Union of
the Pacific, Board of Marine Under
writers of San Francisco, Milton An
dros; Page, j McCutcheon & Knight;
Association of Masters and Pilots of
Steam Vessels, Association of Licensed
Officers of Sail Vessels, H. E. Pennell,
Captain W. H. Tibbetts, George
Hooper, George E. Billings, Hall Bros.'
Marine Railway and Shipbuilding
Company, George D. Gray, W. B.
Godfrey, J. R. Hanify, W. C. Mugan,
Captain Harry Goodall, Captain J.
Jensen, W. H. Talbott, W. F. Stone, A.
P. Lorentzen, California Shipping
Company, the Merchants' Exchange,
L E. Thayer, A. F. Plllsbury; Hind,
Rolph & Co.; Marine Engineers' Bene
ficial Association, Marine Cooks' and
Stewards' Association.
President Newhall and Secretary
Scott of the San Francisco Chamber.
o£ Commerce have addressed com
munications to members of the cham
bers and also to the shipping men of
the port. Some extracts from these
communications are as follows:
DEFINING PURPOSES.
"The commission is required by act
of Congress to investigate and to re
port to the Congress on the first day of
its next session what legislation, if
any. is desirable for the development
of the American merchant marine and
American commerce, and also what
change or changes, if any, should be
made in existing' laws relating to the
treatment, comfort and safety of sea
men. In order to make more attractive
the seafaring calling in the American
merchant marine.
"We are notified by the secretary
that the commission will welcome not
only the American shipowners and
builders and merchants of your city
interested in maritime affairs, but also
representatives of sailors, firemen and
other seafaring classes. It cannot be
emphasized too strongly that the com
mission is committed to no one idea,
but Is conducting this investigation
entirely open-minded. It looks for
ward to important results from its
visit to your city.
""Realizing the great Importance of
cornered by the transcontinental rail
ways and the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company are apparent. Shipping men
will undoubtedly call this to the atten
tion of the members of the Merchant
Marine Commission with other matters
of importance.
INVITED TO ATTEND.
MEMBERS OF CONGRESSIONAL
COMMISSION TO INVESTIGATE
THE MERCHANT MARINE.
the work of this commission we re
spectfully request that you' will ap
pear before .them and present such
subjects as you deem pertinent to the
occasion."
In addition to this It is especially
requested that all who intend to be
present at the meetings of the com
mission to take part in the proceedings
shall notify Secretary E. Scott of such
intention as soon as possible.
Before coming to this city the Mer
chant Marine Commission has visited
Tacoma, Seattle and Portland on this
coast and suggestions have been re
ceived at each of these places. Yes
terday the commission was at Port
land. In addition to those enumerated
in the list of persons and firms who
had been Invited, up to last night, to
appear before the commission In this
city other men prominent In commer
cial life may be present.
Secretary Marvin wrote to President
Kewhall of the San Francisco Chamber
cf Commerce, in part, as follows:
"It Is assumed that two days will
probably be required to hear the im
portant maritime Interests at the
Chamber of Commerce and that
August 4 and 5 will be the days for
the business cession. At Seattle, as
elsewhere, the commission has heard
considerable testimony that is simply
history. What Is especially desired ia
epeciflc suggestions from practical men
ts to the best methods by which the
American merchant marine In over
seas trade may be re-established. The
commission desires to hear not only
the representatives of your great
steamship companies, but also the rep
resentatives of sailing ship interests,
so powerful still on the Pacific Coast.
Representatives of the sailors and fire
men and other seafaring men and also
of workmen in the shipbuilding yards
¦will be welcomed most cordially. It
will be rendering a great favoT to the
commission if you can invite to the
hearing all those who, in your opinion,
are agreeable to give intelligent, prac
tical counsel and give it in brief and
business-like form."
During the past week conferences
have been taking place In this city be
tween representative transportation
and business men In which the basis
of discussion was the opening up of
the Panama Railway to all sea car
riers. For many years freights have
been diverted from the sea and com
pelled to use transcontinental railways
as much as possible and this condition
fitlll exists and bids fair to exist in
definitely unless the Panama Railway
in the immediate future and the Pan
ama canal upon Its completion are
thrown open on even terms to all car
riers of freight by, eer. A live issue of
greatest importance Is therefore on
hand in the near expiration of the con
tract between the Panama Railway and
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
The advantages that may be conferred
upon all shipping by gi-*-rr it a fair
chance to carry freights which are now
The Panama Railway's contract*
with steamship companies, and notably
the one with the Pa 1c Mail Steam
ehip Company, may figure largely.. In
the testimony that is given in this city
during the present week when the
Merchant Marine Commission, com
posed of United States Senators and
Representatives In Congress, begins to
hear from representative citizens how
the American merchant marine in over
seas trade may be re-established.
The commission will . arrive in San
Francisco by the Shasta route at 9
o'clock cert Wednesday morning. The
party, according to a letter received
yesterday by President Xewhall of the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce
from Winthrup L,. Marvin, (secretary of
the commission, will include United
States Senator J. H. Gallinger, Repre
sentatives E. S. Minor and wife, Thom
as Spight. wife and daughters; W. E.
Humphrey and wife. Secretary Marvin
and T. F. Shuey, official stenographer
cf the commission.
Accommodations have been secured
ct the St. Francis HoteL The business
cessions of the commission will be held
In the rooms of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce on Thursday
end Friday.
SEEK BUSINESS FACTS.
Desires Only
Facts, Not
History.Automobilists in Endurance Test.
CHICAGO, July 30.— P. A. Laroche
and party, who are participating in
the 3000-mile non-stop endurance con
test for automobile touring cars, ar
rived to-day. The run is between New
York and St. Louis and return. Mr.
Laroche and party left soon after-
Twelve hundred miles, 200 miles of
the distance in mud, in 120 hours,, is
the record attained by Mr. Laroche
thus far on the journey.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 30. — Fol
lowing her exhibition race to-day. Lou
Dillon was taken seriously ill at the
Glenville track. Late to-night it was
said that the animal's .temperature
was 104 and grave fears were expressed
for her recovery. The animal is the
property of C. K. G. Billings.
IiOu Dillon Seriously III.
Fourth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Henry Clay Rye won, Phyz second, Bert Davis
third. Time, 2:3C»i. .
Fifth race. Club members' handicap, one and
an eighth miles — Shellmount won. Forest King
second. Gateway third. Time, 1:54.
Sixth race, six furlongs, ' selling — Resigned
won. Cinnabar second. Foxy Grandpa third.
Time. 1 :14Va.
Seventh race, mile and fifty yards, celling —
Kitty Kelly won, Col. Van second, Tann
hauser tnlrd. Time, ¦ 1:4494.
SEATTLE, July 30.— Summary:
First race, four furlongs, selling — Lena Ford
won, Anita Knight eecond. Lou Octet third.
Time. :40.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Amasa
¦won. Wllna second. Karabel third. Time,
1:01 Vi.
Third race, one mile, selling — Black Cloud
won, Lou Melnlng; second, Capable third. Time,
1:42.
Seattle Race Results.
BOSTON. July 30. — Holcombe Ward
and. Beals C. Wright won the Eastern
tennis championship in doubles at the
Longwood Cricket Club to-day by de
feating S. H. Hackett and F. B. Alex
ander in straight sets — 6-4, 6-3. 6-1.
Ward and Wright will meet the West
ern champions at Newport next
month.
Ward and Wright Victorious.
Record Lowered at St. Louis.
WORLD'S FAIR GROUNDS. ST.
LOUIS. July 30. — The championship
meeting of the Western Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union in the se
ries of Olympic games was held to
day at the Stadium. The Missouri
Athletic Club of St Louis was the
winner of the champlonshiD. A new
Western Association record was estab
lished in the 220-yard run, the former
record of 22 1-5 seconds being lowered
to 21 4-5 by F. D. Moulton of the
Kansas City Athletic Club. In the
other events good time was made, but
no records were broken.
CLEVELAND, July 30.— A one-day
meeting was held at the Cleveland
Driving Park to-day to take the place
of the usual grand circuit meeting,
that having been abandoned in conse
quence of the inability of the associa
tion to sell pools. ] Lou Dillon, the
champion trotter,^ made an attempt to
beat 2:08% to high-wheeled sulky, but
failed, her time being 2:09*4. Several
records were broken, however. The
Monk defeated Equity in a half mile
trotting race, lowering the world's
record for a half mile to 1:00%.
Mr. Biljlngs' team. Hontas Crooke
and Prince Direct, paced a mile in 2:10,
lowering the amateur record of 2:13,
held by themselves. Other meritorious
performances were given. Dan R,
driven by John Splan, paced. a mile
in 2:04% without a pacemaker. Fereno
beat Ozanam in straight heats In 2:08%
and 2:10%, the former being the fav
orite.
Champion Trotter Fails Badly In
Her Attempt to Beat the
2:08% Mark.
IllGII-WIIEEL SULKY RECORD
TOO MUCH FOR LOU DILLON
Only one tournament match was
played by the Scottish bowlers yester
day at Golden Gate Park, but many
practice games were bowled. In the
singles tourney J. McLachlan beat T.
Lattimer by a single point. It was the
closest tournament match played In
months. The score was 21 to 20.
The following matches were played:
Dr. Gunn and G. C. Patterson beat J.
Gray and Judge Shaw, 21 to 10; Gray
and W. Watson beat J.' Duncan and S.
Irving. 21 to IS: R. Park and A. Craig
beat W. R. Eatqn and W. Cook, 21 to
G; M. L. Crowe beat A. A. Me Vicar. 21
to 20; Park and Gray beat D. Dalziel
and J. C. Gulon, 21 to 13; Mearns beat
W. J. Fisher, 21 to 10: Y. C. Lawson
beat A. Wilkie, 21 to 20; Patterson beat
the Rev. Mr. Logan, 21 to 9; H. L.
Tickner beat Watson, 21 to 8; Park
beat the Rev. Mr. Logan, 21 to 10; J. C.
Moffatt beat Tickner. 21 to 14; J. Mc-
Lachlan and Gray beat Watson and
Moffatt, 21 to 16; H. L. Tickner and H.
B. Tickner tied T. McNaught and A.
McVicar, 21 to 10 and 10 to 21.
Former Wins the Closest Match
Played on the Park Green in
Several Months.
The Fagalde residence was then
visited and the husband placed under
arrest. The house was searched and a
large quantity of stolen property is
said to have been found packed in
boxes and barrels. Fagalde Is in Jail
and the woman is at her residence,
caring for her children, under th© sur
veillance of two guards.
TACOMA, July SO.— D. ¦W. Faraldo
and Nancy Fagalde, parents of a fam
ily of five children and owners of real
estate valued at $15,000. are under ar
rest at Walla V'alla and charged with
burglary. For two months W. Q. Al
ice, proprietor of a small store, had
been missing articles from his place,
which he had purchased a short time
previous from Fagalde. Friday night
Allee had one of his clerks sleep In the
store.
The clerk was awakened early this
morning by a noise in the store and
discovered Mrs. Fagalde standing back
of the counter filling a sack with goods
from the shelves. He apprehended
her and telephoned for an officer. In
the meantime he had a hard tussls
with the woman and had to use force
to hold her.
HUSBAND AND WIFE
ACCUSED OF BURGLARY
McLACHLAN AND LATTIMER
. BOWL IN SPLENDID FORM
CHICAGO, July 30. — Miss May Sut
ton of California won the final match
in women's singles at the Western
championship tournament to-day and
i3 the virtual Western woman cham
pion. Miss Mabel McAleer of Pitts
burg, last year's winner, having refused
to defend her title. Miss Wimer, Miss
Sutton's opponent, was able to get but
three games in the two sets played
and the score was 6-2, 6-1.
Miss Sutton and Mr. Little were
beaten by Miss Neely and Mr. Collins
In the mixed doubles, 6-8, 6-8, 6-0.
Last Year's Champion Is Afraid to
3Icct the Dashing Califor
nia Player.
MAY SUTTOX CAPTURES'
WESTERN TENNIS HONORS
Umpire Jolinstone Has a Merry Time
With Four of the Warlike
Cincinnati Reds.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) I (American Leapue.)
W. L. Tct. I XV. L. Pet.
New Ycrk...«!2 24 .721;BoBton 52 3.'t .612
Chicago 52 33 .612 Chlcapro 53 35 .«0J
Cincinnati ..52 ."!« .MliNew York... 60 83 .603
Plttebunr ...48 36 .571! Cleveland ...47 35 -.573
St. Louis. „. .47 40 .541 Philadelphia.. 46 38 .548
Boston ..S3 57 .3t*>7 St. Louis 34 45 .130
Brooklyn ...32 50 .352 Detroit 33 52 .388
Philadelphia.. 22 63 .25U Washington.. 18 64 .220
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, July 30. — The local Ameri-'
caps took both games of a double-header from!
St. Louis to-day. The first lasted ten innings.
New York scoring the winning run on Sug-,
den's bad throw Rnd Keeler"s fly. The second
same was won, 9 to 2, on the visitors' mls
plays. Attendance. 12,200. Scores:
FiMt frame — R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 6 2
New York 3 . .9 1
Batteries — Glade and Suzden, Chesbro and
McGu're. •
Second game — R. H. ' E.
St. Louis 2 9 4
New York 9 12 t , 1
• Batter"U-s — Sudhoff and Kahoe, Orth and
Kleinow.
BOSTON, July 30. — Gibson's wildness and
loose playing by the locals, combined with
heavy hitting, gave the game to Chicago.
Jones was iut out of the game for protesting
a decision. Attendance, 14,100. Score:
R. H. E.
Ch.'capo 6 8 0
Boston 4 .11 2
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland, Gibson
and Criger.
CLEVELAND. July 30. — To-day's game was
marked by poor playing by the Washington
team and consecutive hitting by the locals.
Attendance, &500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleve!and 9 14 0
Washington •. 4 13 ,5
Batteries — Donahue and Buelow, Patten and
Clark.
PHILADELPHIA, July 30. — Inability to
connect with Waddell's delivery was the
cause of Detroit's fourth successive defeat by
Philadelphia. Klllian retired in the fourth in
ning because of Illness. Attendance, OSCO.
Score :
R/ H. E.
Detroit rue&k - 6 .: ¦ 1
Philadelphia ,4 8 0
Batteries — Klllian, Stovall and Seville;
Waddell and Schreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. /
NEW YORK, July 30.— Loose fielding spoiled
to-day's game between New York and Phila
delphia. Attendance, 11,800. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 j) 3
Now York 0 10 ' 5
Batteries — Suthoft and Dooln; Taylor arid
Bowerman. Umpires — Moran and Carpenter.
BROOKLYN, July 30.— Boston defeated
Brooklyn to-day 0 to 0. Jones was batted
freely. Attendance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 6 11 0
Brooklyn O 3 1
Eatteries — WUMs and Moran; Jones and Ber
gen. Umpire — Zimmer.
PITTSBURG, July 30. — Pittsburg won both
games, the first by Taylor's wildness and by
hitting at the right time. In the second game
the score was tied in the eighth inning through
FarrelPs wild throw and won in the ninth with
Leach's hit scoring Ritchey. Attendance, 785W.
Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 5 7 1
St. Louis ; 2 6 1
Batteries— Miller and Smith; Taylor and
Grady.
Second game — R. H. . . E
Pltuburg 2 8' i
St. Louis 1 5 3
Batteries — Leever and Carrisch; O'Neill and
Zearfoss. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO. July 30. — Tha visitors were un- :
able to hit Weirder to-day. On a close decision
declaring Tinker eafe at second in the seventh '
inning nearly the entire Cincinnati team, sur
rounded Umpire Johnstone, and Kclley, Sey
mour, Hugglns and Woodruff were put out of
the game for their continued objections to the
ruling. Attendance, 7000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 ¦ 8 O
Cincinnati 0 5 1
Batteries — Weimer and Kling; Hahn and
Schlel. Umplre^ — Johnstone.
Intermediate four-cared Bhells — South Side
B. C. Qulncy. 111., firet; Mound City B. C.
Ht. Louis, second. Time. 9:3a\>*.
Senior International four-oared shells — Cen
tury B. C. St. Loulu, tpon; Western B. C, fit.
Lou!?, eecond. No time announced.
Eenior double fcu!1s — Atlanta B. C, New
Yerk, first; Ravens wood B. C. Lens Island
City. New York, eecond. Time, 10:03 1-5.
Championship senior singis bcu11»— Frank B.
Gr*er, East Bo«on A. A. B. C. first; James
JOTenal. rennsylvanl* Barre Club, second;
Constance S. Titus, Atlanta B. C, New York
City, third. Time. 10:18 3-5.
Intermediate double «eull»— Ravens wood B.
C, Lcr.g; Island City, N. Y.. firct; Pensacola
B. C. Penfacola, Fla.. second. Time. 10:05 1-5.
CREVE COEUR LAKE, Mo., July
30. — Frank Greer of the East Boston
A. A. B. C, who decisively defeated
Constance Titus in the championship
single sculls last year, to-day success
fully defended his title of national
champion against Titus and the best
Eingrle scullers of the United States.
The single sculls championship was
the feature of the final day of the na
tional Olympic regatta of the National
Association of Amateur Oarsmen held
on Creve Coeur Lake. Summary:
Decisively Defeats Titns and Juvenal
in the Single Sculls Events of the
National Regatta.
OARSMAN GREEK DEFENDS
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE
L. L. Whitman, who has made one
trip across the continent, will start
from the garage of the Pioneer Auto
mobile Company" at Golden Gate ave
nue and Octavia street to-morrow af
ternoon and attempt to break the rec
ord from here to New York. The pres
ent record is sixty-one days, but Whit
man thinks that, barring serious acci
dents, he will make the trip in Ie3s
time. He will be accompanied by a
machinist and will travel in a 1400
pound car equipped with a 10-horse
power four-cylinder engine. Stripped
the machinery would weigh 1100
pounds. The routes . respectively of
the Southern Pacific and Union Pa
cific .will be followed closely as far
as Chicago. But one day's provisions
and gasoline sufficient for 200 miles
will be carried, as the autcmobilists
do not expect to be obliged to camp
out.
Transcontinental Auto Trip.
Sends Out One Hundred and Twenty
Feet of Line In Competition
on Stow Lake.
T. W. Brotherton was high man In
the long distance event In the compe
tition of the San Francisco Flycasting
Club yesterday at Stow Lake, Golden
Gate Park. He sent out 120 feet of
line. E. A. Mocker cast 104 feef,
while Colonel C. G. Young cast 103
feet. Colonel Young was high man
In lure casting, scoring 96.3 per cent.
The official scores follow:
O ? Delicacy. c*
" ll %2 52. a -o
S f| 3S 3g - M £g
CONTESTANTS !? T "Qs* " .~s
f j : f Si""
W. E. Brooks... 7I77I&O.4 S1.4;83.4 82.4
T. W. Brotherton 12O1S-S »2.&',©2.e 92.7 90.7
H. Deer |S8.8 03 ,86.8 89.10
T.'C. Kierulft... 03.01 j79.4i85.10i82.7 84.7
W. D. Mansfltid. .... 90.8|92.4|95. 10194.1 ....
E. A. Mocker... 104 83. 491. fc 87.6 189.7
C G. Young 103!S3 92 93.4 92.8 9S.3
a W. Lane 94 S9.2 91.7 ....
Re-Mitry — |
T. W Brotherton .... SS.487.8'91.8 83.8
W. D. MatisHeld . | i»4.8i |
E. A. Mocker...! 98182 |S4 |8(5.8 |85.4 ....
NEW YORK AMERICANS GIVE
ST. LOUIS DOUBLE BEATING
BROTHERTOX HIGH MAX
IN LONG DISTANCE CASTING
Total 4»
CAKLANDCREEK ELEVEN.
Holland, b. Roberts 2
McArthur, c. Dicby, b. Roberts 8
Podmore. b. Roberts 2
Thompson, c. Hyde. b. Brock 0
Thomas, not out 0
Swan, c. and b. Roberts 1
Watson, q. Uigby. b. Roberts 4
Wood, b. Williams .' O
Deal 1. b. w.. b. Roberts 1
J. Carter, b. Williams 2
McGcwan, c. and b. Roberts 1
Byes 13, leK bye 1 H
Total 35
Hyde, b. Watson. 0
Edwards, b. Podmore 0
Erock. c. Holland, b. Podmore 2
Rev. S. H. Wlnsfleld-DiRby, b. Thompson. . .IS
K>efer, not out ." - 0
No balls 4
Eleven of Seamen's Institute Proves
Winner in Game Against the
Tars of the Estuary.
A team picked from the sailors of
ships lying in Oakland Creek played
an interesting game of cricket yester
day afternoon on the Adams ground's
near the estuary against : an eleven
made up by the Rev. S. H. Wingfteld-
Digby, chaplain of the Seamen's In
stitute of San Francisco. The Sea
men's Institute eleven won by the
margin of nine runs. Podmdre. for
the Oaklanders, took 6 wickets for 15
runs, and Roberts, for the Seamen's In
stftute, captured 7 wickets for 3 runs.
A large part of the Seamen's Institute
score was made by the Rev. S. H.
WiHgfleld-Dibgy, who put together 18
runs. The details are shown below:
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE.
Casidy, c. McGovern. b. Podmore 8
Williams. 1. b. w.. b. Watson 2
Shlpton, b. Podmore 0
Withers, b. Podraore 0
Erown. b. Podmore 0
Roberts, run out 4
BRITISH SAILORS PLAY
CRICKET AT OAKLAND
The big' fellow put in several hours
in the gym yesterday afternoon punch
ing the bag and skipping the rope. Al
though he still wears a rubber bandage
on his knee, he suffers no inconvenience
from the joint that caused so much
trouble. Jeff and his wife were the
gTjests of Herbert Meyerfeld last night
on a moonlight drive to Middletown.
The big champ was out on the road
early this morning and returned in ex
cellent condition. Training will com
mence in earnest Monday upon the re
turn of Delaney and Brother Jack.
HARBIN SPRINGS, July 30.—Cham
pion Jeffries will win from Jack Mun
roe in two rounds. At least that Is
what the cards reveaL The exponent
of things occult who imparted the
startling Information to Mrs. Jeffries
yesterday has acquired an enviable rep
utation as a delver into the mysteries
of the future. The seeress does not fol
low fortune-telling as a profession, but
her wonderful prognostications during
her pojourn at the springs have caused
much comment. It was while reading
Mrs. Jeffries' fortune from the paste
boards yesterday afternoon that the
information came to light. Consequent
ly a furor of excitement has been cre
ated.
Sergeant James Donovan of the San
Francisco Police Department, who ar
rived here Wednesday after an extend
ed tour in the East, has also gone Into
the fortune-telling business. Jim has
an original method for getting a line
on coming events. He painted the sky
light on the gymnasium with lampblack
and last night while looking at the
stars discovered goose pimples on the
neck of Mars. According to a code com
piled by Al Palmer this is a sure Indi
cation of success for Jeffries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tells the Champion's Wife
That the Battle Will Be
All Over in Two Rounds
MEDIUM PICKS
"JEFF" TO WIN
The coursing at Ingleside Park yes
terday furnished a dramatic- Incident
seldom paralleled in the annals of the
sport. J. E. Hanley's Van Alba ran
up a winning sequence of points and
then, when driving in to kill the hare,
collided with the fence and was her
self killed. Thus, though dead, the
greyhound was declared the winner.
the score being 8 to 6 in. her favor.
John Sutton showed a promising fu
turity candidate in Sampler, a son of
imported Fetter Free-Mayflower. He
beat Jerry Wright pointless In the re
serve stake and is expected to run -well
into the money to-day.
Pasha Pleasant made so good an Im
pression in his trials in the class stake
that much is expected of him t&-day.
Lost Chord is also a likely candidate
for stake honors.
The biggest upset in this stake was
the defeat of the 1 to 3 choic© Lattle
Plunger by Ready Address. Tho day's
results, witii Judge John Grace's offi
cial scores, follow: ' i>
Reserve stake — Modesto Boy beat
Black Rex 5-1; Smiler beat Yellowtail
5-0; Star Sylvanus beat Hjx Boy 8-5;
Fannie Hughie beat Young: Tommy R
10-2; Marguerette beat Maid o' the
Glen 9-5: Manru beat Tom Hurlick
5-2; Eastlake beat Maid o' Gowrie
5-1; Miss Brummel beat The Coroner
18-8; Commercial Traveler beat Man
bells 3-2; Haughty Helen beat Lady
Leeds 8-5; Una beat Fancy Dress ?-6;
Frank Dunn beat Ina Cissua 5-1; Real
Duchess beat Drifting Dawn 10-4;
.Clobefell beat Irma Hotfoot 8-6; Pep
per Jack a bye. Chili Mara with
drawn; Lucky Shamrock beat Black
Swan 14-4; Tralee Maid beat Brindle
.Cricket 13-7; Piker beat Amorina 9-7;
Miss Green beat Gilmore 10-6; La
boring Boy beat Bender 11-6; Hum
bug beat "Wedgewood 8-2; Sir Winton
beat Dartaway 5-0; Rich Array beat
Frisky Boy 12-10; Little Klamath
beat Chins 14-3; Big Klamath beat
Nordica 5-0; Haddington beat Little
Mercy 6-2; Butte City beat Peter Me-
Intyre 4-0; Sofala beat Tom Keene
13-6; Gunfire beat Master VTashlng
ton 9-3; McHenry beat Flower of
Kerry 7-2; Courtly Guest beat Roy
Hughie 15-6; Sampler beat Jerry
Wright 5-0.
Class stake — Foxhunter beat Mark
Twain 6-5; Valley Pride beat Royal
Friend 4-1; Crawford Belle beat May
Tunison 3-2; Van Alba beat Sunny
South 8-6; Lily York beat Merry Go
Round 3-1; Fenii beat Craig Lad 7-1;
Donnybrook beat Rocklin Boy 21-16;
Miss Florence beat Real Pasha 6-4;
Lost Chord beat Queen of Isle 4-3;
Golden Fortune beat Lily Wright 3-0;
Ruby Sankey fceat Princess Savoy 6-0;
Orslna beat Wattles 11-6; Tralee Lass
beat Colored Lady 14-5; Reckless Ac
robat beat Imperious 5-4; Don Pedro
beat Queen's Motto 5-2; Prometheus
beat Modest Beauty 15-11; Vina beat
Frisky Barbara 5-4; Runaway Actress
beat Tamora 6-4; Belfast beat Young
Mountain Belle 6-0; Frisco Lad beat
Rush Away 6-1; Ready Address beat
Little Plunger 5-1; Pasha Pleasant
beat Dear Gaston 5-1; Carlow Boy
beat Lady Menlo 6-0; General Dewet
beat Bright Fortune 3-1.
PLEASANTON, July 30.— The initial
meet of the California circuit wound up
here to-day with one of the prettiest
races that was ever run on the track.
In the seventh heat of the 2:23 class
J. D. Springer's Miss Idaho took first
coin from Cavallero and Tom CarneaL
the latter handled by old Dad Trefry.
The mare was favorite in the first heat,
but did not show. Carneal and Cava
liero copped two heats apiece.
In the fifth Idaho got into the going
with air feet. She took the sixth by a
nose from Cavaliero Just as the last
train whistled at the depot. You could
not drive any one from the track with
a regiment of Cossacks. The natives
went wild as Springer, who- piloted his
own animal, is well liked here. Cava
liero and Tom Carneal were badly
fagged, and Springer's little mare slid
away from them in the stretch. This
makes two purses Springer has an
nexed, Billy Red having captured the
first day's pacing race.
A sight to stir the blood of lovers of
harness races was an exhibition quar
ter-mile by that grand old horse Fly
ing Jib. Though 16 years old, the ven
erable idol of other days made his dis
tance in 30 J /i seconds. He is still a few
lengths ahead of old age. The side show
almost brought tears to the eyes 6f
those who knew him in his prims.
Silva & Wright's Kelly Briggs. a Sac
ramento animal, drew away from
everything in the 2:10 pacing race. Una
K, by McKinney, surprised the wise
ones. Telephone, which started favor
ite, was distanced in the first heat. Una
K took three straight heats, though she
just lasted out in the third heat, break
ing as she came under the wire.
Horsemen are busy to-night prepar
ing to leave for San Jose, where the
next meet of the circuit wllL be held.
The meet has been a good one through
out, having been managed without a
hitch. Summary:
Flri-t race. 2:25 paring, purse $500. mile
hsats. be;:t three in five — First hfat won by
T-jm Carn»s! by Dinblo (S. Trefry). Cavaliero
by SUntcn Wilk*s tF. Ward) second. Dr.W. by
Robert Itosslcr (Moody) third. Prince Almo by
Prince Almont (Zibble Sr.) rourth: time, 2;1X
Seconi heit won by Cavaliero. Miss Idaho sec
ond. Swanllda third. Dr. W. fourth; time,
2:14. Third heat won by Tom Carneal. Miss
Idaho seo-nd. Cavaliero third, Dr. W. fourth;
tl5 r i a . 2:14. Fourth heat won by Cavaliero.
Mls-s Idaho *6<?cond. Dr. W. third, Savalier
fourth: time. 2:15. Fifth heat won by Hiss
Idaho, Qavalfero second. Dr. W. third. Prince
Almo fourth; time. 2:lt>H- Sixth heat won by
MI.«s Idaho, Cavaliero second, Tom Carneal
third: time, 2:22.. Seventh heat won by Miss
Idaho, Cavallero second, Toiri Carneal third;
tim-. •£:"".
Secctid race. 2:21 trotting:, purse S10CO, mile
heats, 'best two in three — First heat won by
Cna K by McKinney (Vance). P D B by
Arthur Poll (Wrljrht) second, Ahe Miller by
Titus (Mcsier) third. Alcacita by Red Cloak
(Qarnsy) fourth: time. 2:1T^. Second h?at
won by l"na K. Jupiter B second. P D.B third.
Abe Miller fourth; time, 2:15';. Third heat
won b;- t;na K, Jupiter B second. P D B third.
Al»e Jllller fourth. {
Third race. 2:10 pacing, purse $600. mile
heats, best three In flv-e — First heat won by
Kelly Brij,'S3 by Bays Water Wilkes (Wright).
Alone by Nearest (Barstow) second. High
Ball by Silkwood (Vance) third. Tidal Wave
<Mosier) fourth; time, 2:KHs. Second
heat won by Kelly BrUss, AloiV" second, Hiijh
Ball third, Dlctatress fourth; time, 2:11. Third
heat w>n by Kelly i Briesrs. Z.Mock second.
Alone thlrJ. Dictatresa fourth; time, 2:11.
Exhibition quarter-mile by Flying Jib, owned
ond driven by George Davis: time. :30V*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nelson is ready for another bout and
is not averse to taking on Brltt if the
latter's match with Corbett falls
through.
Hanlon is undecided as to his move
ments. Billy Delaney wants him to
spend a couple of weeks at Harbin
Springs. Some of Hanlon's friends are
advising him to quit the ring for a'
year, devoting the time to developing
his hitting powers. Hanlon is the
ycungest boxer in the ring and can
afford to rest up without being in any
immediate danger of being overtaken
by Father Time.
Battling Nelson and Eddie Hanlon
were about town yesterday, showing no
bad effects of their sensational fight
of the night before. Nelson was un
marked save a slight abrasion on the
wrist, for which he is unable to ac
count. Hanlon was slightly marked
about the face, but a few days will
heal his wounds.
The fight drew a larger attendance
than was expected at this time of the
year. The total receipts were $8244.
Of this the Hayes Valley Club took
half, or $4122. Nelson received $2473,
while Hanlon'a share was $1649.
Referee Billy Roche said yesterday
that had Hanlon been on his feet at the
end of the twentieth round he would
have given him the decision, as he had
too great a lead to be overcome by
Nelson in the last four rounds.
Hanlon says he was in a bad way
after the blow in the eighteenth, which
was aggravated by the fall he received
on the hard floor of the ring, which
was not heavily padded. He still
thinks, however, that had he been al
lowed to go on Nelson could not have
knocked him out.
John Sutton Shows Promis
ing Youngster in Sampler
by Fetter Free-Mayflower
Attendance Is Better Than
Expected in the Height
of the Summer Season
Kelly Briggs, Fast Capital
City Pacer, Leads Entire
Field in the 2:10 Class
FAST FUTURITY PtfPPY
FLYING JIB ILAS SPEED
GATE RECEIPTS LARGE
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:; for
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Counterpoise. 110 (Mtn) 8 5 1 1 h
15 to 1— Conpld'n. 104 (DeSusa) 4 4h 2n
13 to 10 Old Eng.. 115 (Fuller)lO 2 h 3%
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, J L. Holland's chestnut Keldlnic by
Bathampton-Balanig. Toj; San, Queen Belle.
Mary Glenn, Mart Muller, Falmouth, Lady
Mirthfull, Tlthonic, Fickle. Ben Crocket fin
ished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and one-quarter miles;
handicap for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 1— Dk of Kfndal, 113 (Shaw) 1 8 1 11%
4 to 1— Cloverland. 114 (J. Mtn) 3 4 V, 2 1%
¦4 to 1 — Palm Brer, 110 (Boiesen) 5 2 h 3 3
Time 2:06 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, C. A. Alnswick's br. h. by Sir Mod
rfd-Duchess of Kendall. Eugenia Burch, Lady
Potentate. Possession, April Shower finished
as named.
FOURTH RACK— One and a sixteenth miles;
Brighton Oaks for flllie.«. three years old:
Betting. * Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % J Fin.
1 to 12— Hm'bg 'Belle, 100 (Hild) 3 1«1 ?i
20 to 1 — Dimple 111 (Travers).. 2 2 1%2 2
10 to 1— S'ma Belle. 121 (Coch).. 13 3
Time, 1:57 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. Paset's ch. f. by Hamburg-Islac.
Time.' 1:14. Start fair Won easily. Win
ner, .S. Paget's b. f. by Goldflnch-B«clare. Vol
aday, Delegation, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; The Neptune
stakes; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
1 to 8— Tradition, 122 (Hldbnd) 4 2 1 1 %
1 to 8— Jonquil. 108 (Boissen).. 5 3 V, 2 1M;
30 to 1 — Pasadena 117 (Cochrn) 1 1 n 3 h
SECOND RACE— About two miles: Aintree
stakes; a steeplechase handicap for three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to n — Lavator. 1C4 (Marapy).. 1 .1 1%1 10
2 to 1 — Grandpa, 142 (J. O'Brien) 3 2 1^2 40
8 to 1— W Cleary,140 (Mr.Stone) 2 3 3
Time. 4:312-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Colt's ch. g. by Salvator-Hot
Spring.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Sidney Paget
sent three- winners to the post to-day
at Brighton Beach. His principal vic
tory, was with Hamburg Belle, which
won- the $15,000 Brighton Oaks without
being extended. . She was : a 1 to 12
choice. There were only three start
ers. The Neptune Stakes, valued at
$10,000, were taken. by Mr. Paget's Tra
dition. Jonquil, from the same stable,
was second.
Mr. Pagefs Czaraphirie, a daughter
of the California horse Rubicon, won
the first race of the day. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; two -year- olds:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Czaraphine, 109 (Shaw) 1 X 2 1 %
16 to 5— M. Gorman. 109 (Hldbd) 6 4 h 2 2
25 to 1— Gotowin, W (H.Cchran) 2 3 h 3 1#
Time, 1:CS 2-5 Start v good. Won easily.
Winner. S. Paget's ch. f. by Rubicon-Seraphln.
Earldom. Bella Slgnora. Bcnlala, Salt and
Pepper. Little Buttercup, Nightmare, Dance
Music, Slnapis. Campo, In the Dark, finished
as named.
. Time. 1:15. Start poor. Won driving,
Winner, G. Wachter & Co.'s b. m. (5) by
Prince of Monaco-Gypsy Queen. Mae Lowery
ICO. Onanetta 1C0. Sol Smith 04. Sid Silver
102, Bensonhurst 104, Two Lick 113, Lady
Vashtl 102, Lovable 105, Kilo 06, Erema 100,
finished as named. - ¦ ¦
SEVENTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up;
six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
») to 1— Sting, 105 (Howell) 3 In Ink
12 to 1— Jlmalong, 102 (Ivors)... R 2 u, 2 nk
7 to 1— Tally H, 102 (Ledar) 10 61 3 3
SIXTH RACE— Three-year-olds and up; one
a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
Even — Bas d'Oiv 100' •(Wilson). 2 2 2 1 h
4 to 1— Fly. Torpedo. 102 (Andsn) 1 1 n 2 Yj
13 to 5 — Falkland, 9» (Hennessy) 4 3 2 3 12
Time, 1:4014. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. (4) by Dochart-
Golden Slipper. Ancke 100, also ran.
Time, 2:01. Start bad. Won driving. Winner.
Mrs. M. Goldblatfs br. h. (5) by* Florist-La
Gascogne. Computation 105, Lee King 102.
Neversuch 100. Sambo 109, Imboden 92, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-olds and Up;
one and three-sixteenth miles; selling:
Betting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Boaster, 105 (Andereon). 4 2 10 1 n
7 to 1— Thane. 108 (Rayner) 1 1 2 2 12
20 to 1— Murmur. 08 (Plunkett). 5 38 3 7
FOURTH RACE— Three-year-olds and up;
six furlongs; Country Club handicap:
Betting, horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
•9 to 2— Hilee, 1(HJ (Troxler) .... 1 14 13
•0 to 2— Miss M.Day,107 cWilsn) 3 2^21
20 to 1— Eve. Star. 83 (Vndrbout) 5 5 3 3 h
•Coupled in betting. Time, l:13Vi- Start
good. Won easily. Winner. W: W. Elliott's
b. s. by Hlmyar-Grace Lee. Old Stone »7,
Blissful 93, Forehand 95 Folles Bergeres 9(5,
Ice Water 107, Elustio 119, nnished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
thiee-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— The Bugaboo, lo7 (Trxler) «S 1 \ i 1 2
0 to 5 — Pretension, 107 (McLaghln) 5 2 3 2 1
5 to 1— Fenian, lou (Austin) 3 3 8 3 12
Time, l:4t»Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Miss M Correy's br. f. (3) by Creigh
ton-lrene. Dollnda 104, Jack Little 104, Lady
Lavish 105, nnished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to '1— Lucky Charm, 104 (Cnwy) 7 On In
Even— Dameron, 1U1 (Austin)... 2 5h 23
o to 1— Durthula, 1UU (McLaghn) 6 4 1>£3ns
Time. l:08>,i. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. G. C. Bennett &. Co.'s br. c. (2) by
Lucky Dug-Charm. Opinion SMS, ' My Eleanor
UU. Monaco Maid 100, Fruit 104, J. B. Sheridan
104. Garret Wilson 104, nnished as named.
ST V LOUIS, July 30.— Hilee was at
his beat form to-day and won the Coun
try Club stakes. His stable mate. Miss
Mae Day, ran second, and could have
won had she been extended. Four fa
vorites won. The weather was clear
and the track fast. ' The attendance was
18,000. Union track was closed to-day
on an injunction Issued by Judge Doug
lass. Summary;
FIRST RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 0 — The Regent, lo« (L«dar) .1 1 - H
til to '.!¦•— L, Crawford 101 (Austin) 2 3 5 2
H to 1— Light Opera.' 104 (Davis) 5 2^38
Time, iuo%. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. Mrs. M. Goldblatfg b. e. (*>) by
Domino-Royar Gem. Dr Burns loti, Lynch
10U, Prodigal Son 107, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selllnc: . •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Sweetie. 87 (Aubuchon).. .0 4 1 12
9 to 1-Emp. of India, 103 (Henry) 7 5 4 2 1%
12 to 1— Geranium, 101 (OllphanO.l 3 3 3 'lYi
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, S. C. Corrigan'a b. f. (3) by Bermuda-
Allegro. Celebration 103, Ida Davis 02, Ko
hlnoor 107, Nuggett 108, Redman 00, finished as
named. . .
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year
olds and up; purse:
Betting. Her*?. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 . Fin.
Oto 2— Skilful. 104 (Helgerson).. 5 11 I V$t
7 to 2— Gregor K. 101 (Ollphant). 0 4 hi 2 Vi
0 to 1— Lurallghter. 100 (Aubchn) 7 2 2 3 4
Time. 1:28 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Crelliaon's b. c. (4) by Mlrthful-
Skadl. Princess Tulare 99. Talpa 104. Ahola
102, Warfe Nlcht 105, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; the Monadnock stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 25— Tokalon. 104 <Knapp)...2 15 13
20 to 1— Jerry Lynch. W (Feicht)l 2 2
Time, 1:65. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner J. W. Fuller's b. f. (3) by Tammany-
Enid. Two starters.
CHICAGO, July 30.— Tokalon prac
tically had a walkover in the Monad
nock stakes, the' feature of Hawthorne's
card to-day, as everything: in the orig
inal list of starters was scratched out,
leaving her alone. At the last moment,
however, Fred T. Wood added Jerry
Lynch, and this left some semblance
of a race, to the delight of 5000 people
who were attracted to the track by the
promise of the appearance of the Fuller
filly, English Lad, and McGee. They
were sadly disappointed when they saw
the race riddled with 5 withdrawals. The
stake was worth 51850 to the winner,
with $350 to the second horse. Tokalon
was a prohibitive favorite at 1 to 25.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlong*; three-year-olds
and up; Belling:
Betting. Hor»e. Weight. Jockey. St. % > In.
;j to 1 — Freeslas, 87 (Aubuchon). 1 oh In
15 to 1 — Ag. Brennan. 87 (Oregar) 3 H 2b
13 to 1— Bay wood. 07 (Felcht) 4 2 5 3 4
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. . M. Williams' ch. f. (3) by Haw
thorne-Ml»a Mayma. Bay Wonder 103. Marco
1)8 Mary McCafferty 00, Helgerson 10:5, Potrero
Grande 97. General St. Elaead 69, Blackthorn
1C<5. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Greyhound Van Alba Euns
Up Winning Score, Collides
With Fence and Is Killed
J. D. Springer Drives Miss
Idaho to Victory While
Pleasanton People Cheer
Nelson Is Unmarked, While
Hanlon Has Only Some
Slight Abrasions of Skin
Fuller's Filly Tokalon Has
Practically a Walkover for
Monad nock Stakes.
Hilee Is First in" the
Country Club Stakes at
St. Louis.
Classic Stakes Are Won
Easily by the Odds-on
Favorites.
DEATH COMES
WITH VICTORY
HORSEMEN VIEW
EXITING RACE
PAGET COLORS CARRIED TO VICTORY
IN THREE RACES AT BRIGHTON BEACH
BOXERS SHOW
FEW INJURIES
HAMBURG BELLE IS VICTORIOUS IN THE RICH BRIGHTON OAKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
"" Tlic car broke loose from the cable
at the top of the steep Broadway hill
and dashed down at a furious rate
The momentum was so great that the
xnotorman could not stop the vehicle.
The laotorman, whose name could
not be learned last night, is supposed
to have been drowned.
A northbound FWmore-street elec
tric car plunged headlong into the bay
at the foot of Flllmore street shortly
after 1 o'clock tills morning and is
supposed to hare carried one man to
his doom.
FILLMORE
STREET CAR
RUNS INTO BAY
Vandcrbllt's Yacht Is Beaten.
. NEW YORK, July 30. — William K.
yanderbllt's seventy-foot yacht Vir
ginia was defeated to-day in her first
race by J. Rogers Maxwell's, Yankee
by 7 minutes 29 second over a twelve
mile course on Long Island Sound.
36
, ADVERTISEMEXTS._ _
Cancerous Ulcers ,jC\
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD. ' ||Pf& i»
After the agt of 45 or 50, when .the vital powers are i^^i^Cr^^
naturally weaker, it is noticed that a hurt of any kind .^^^^^^
heals slowly, and often a very insignificant scratch or
bruise becomes a bad ulcer or sore. At this time of life
warty growths, moles and pimples that have been on the
body almost from birth begin to inflame and fester, and
before very long are large eating, sloughing ulcers.
Wheneverasoreorulceris Deiir Bir.:-lhaYe not word, strong •sough to
Slow in healing then you may pi iise your great medicine. I had a sore on my
tv> <nn> is radical- **** temple for several years. It would itch and
De sure sometning is raaicai bura and bleed> wou f d scab over, but would
ly wrong WltlX your Diooa. never heal. The doctors pronounced it Cancer.
Some old taint or poison that After taking S. 8. S. awhile the sore beg-an to dis-
p^" 1 umtiwr"*" k charge, and when all the poisonous matter had
has been slumbering there for passed out it healed. 1 took in all about thirty
vear«; is beirinninff to assert bottles, taking it for some time after it had en-
years 15 Dc^iaiuug wu •"»«'-. tlrel y Sealed. This was about t«a years ago, and
itself, and breaks out and be- i have seen no sign of it since,
comes a bad ulcer and per- <*ant, Audrain County, Mo. JOSEPHUS REID,
naps the beginning of Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and
S-_ while washes, soaps, salves, etc., keep the surface
/^^ lC^ clean, they are not healing." A blood medicine to
V^^ purify and strengthen the polluted blood, and a tonic
K^J J b**V to kt"*'* ?P e & enera l system is what is needed, and
S. S. S.Js just such a remedy. No poison is so pow-
erful and no germ so deadly that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot
reach it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative
properties. Medical advice or any information you may desire will be given
dv our physician without charge.
7 V THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
¦ ADVTSRTlSEpiEyTS.
DR O. C. JOSLEN, J
The Leadlnc Specialist. E
I Pay When I
y Cured. I
It la but natural that I should have §
R more confidence In my ability than a u
y new patient could have. I know what ¦
B 1 have done and can do. Therefore I a
a do not auk him to pay me his money Hi
H merely upon the claims I make. Here n
ff ' Is my proposition: B
!I Wait for My Fee |
Until You Are Well. g
MEN'S DISEASES
"Weakness." fl
"Weakness" Is merely a symptom of
>local disorder, usually an Inflamed con-
dition of the prostate gland. This I
overcome by a-, thoroughly scientific
system of local treatment, and the full
and normal decree of strength and
vigor is permanently restored. n
/ ALSO CURE VARICOCELE, 1
CONTRACTED DISORDERS, 1
S TRIC TURES, PiLES, ETC. g
My suite of treating rooms Is the • H
largest in the city, which affords ab- H
solute privacy and obviates the. annoy- W
ance of waiting. H
Free Consu'.tation. |
" You are ot liberty to come to my M
office for personal consultation, or to
write, regarding your case. My a
pamphlet, "Live All Your Years a a
Man," is also free.. . ' a
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN, I
Corner Market and. Kearny. |
L Private Entrance, 702 Market St. ¦
I.,., .... , r who gains distinction in the strenuous world
YJi^^E^^^SBmm^asmar o f business, accomplishes that result because
f^4§V Ma| ftAY^^^ 31 superior energy aad vitality.
suspensories
H I fi 5lS 8 8 %£r^ sustain viulity and save ener?y. There ia no Immediate difference be-
ayAsjCySgy^ tween the energy of the man who doss wear an O-P-C and the maa who
BlliliiltVltP 81^ M no }' u . st as there li not mucfl d " terence Jt fi "* between the man who
jEHMp^ takes a thirty inch step and he who steps a quarter inch more. But there 13
JESjEt^ a big difference in a rery short time. Wear an O-P-C suspensory thirty days and
Jar know. O-P-C suspensories are sold by nearly all druggists. No doubt your dru«i»t
has them. We assure you it will be to your interest to insist upon the O>-P-C. li your
dealer will not supply you, send to us. No. a O-P-C, lisle, fi.oo; No. 3 O-P-C, sillt. Si so.
r"The Mark of the Master." an interesting booklet, givias reasons why every man should *t
wear an O-P-C suspensory, sent free upon request. f
Bauer & Black a83 Twenty.Hfth street Chicago, U.S.A. fFKOM SEATTLE.
The summer and fall terms of the
night school for working boys of the
Young Men's Christian Association
will open to-morrow evening^ A large
number of applications have already
been received and the success of last
year, when it was found "necessary to
establish a waiting, list, promises to be
duplicated.
Night School for Boys.
Steamer. . Destination.. „, Sails.-
Dirlgo. ....... Skagwayft Way Ports. July 31 j
Cottage City.; Slcagway & Way Ports. July 31
Senator.. Nome &¦ St. Michael.. Aug. 1
Excelsior..... Seldovia A Way Porte. Aug. 1
Victoria...... Nome & Siberia Aug. 2
Dolphin..;.... Skagway <fc Way Ports. Aug. 2
Alki . . .'. . .'. . ; . Skagway & Way Ports . Aug. 3
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. . 3
Farallon .'...'.. Skagway & Way. Pts. Aug. 6
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 6
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. S.' N. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco' Cal
July 30. lf»04. '*
t The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon oi the • 120th meridian or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Pay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent,' ••c_^'
NOTE — The hich and low waters occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Kort Point: th« heieht
of tide ic the same at both places.
_^ SUNDAY. JULY 3l7~ ~~
Sun, rises ...5-11
Sun seta 7*20
Moon rUe» Ot'scrp! m.
O iTlme Timel Time Tlmel j
* ( Ft. Ft. Ft. •- I Ft.
? Ill V/ L \V| H W L. W| !
31 I 1:19| 4.2! 7:37 0.7 2:41! 4.9 8:09 2 8
1-2:04 4.0 8:12 1.2 3:13 4.9 9:02 25
2 J 2:52 :i.fi ,s:f,0 1.(5 3:42 6.0 9:54 2.1 i
3 I SMn S.B -9:.",4 2.0 4:20 6.0 10:57 1.9
4 5:02 3.4|10:25 2.2 6:03 6.1.. .
L AV IHW L W H W * |
0 0:00 1.3 6:27 3..". 11:22 2.6 5:52 53 !
6 1:00 O.S| 7:50 3.5 12:27 2.7 6:46 S.i
NOTE— In the above exjtosition of the tides
the early mornlnffv tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dAy In the order of occurrence ag to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day, except when there are but three tides as :
sometimes occurs. The helchts given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States :
Coast Sur,vey Charts, except when a minus (— ) !
sign precedes the height, and then the number !
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ««wn
TACOMA, July 30. — Iberg was in
vincible to-day and received better
support than Keefe, who was hit at
opportune times. The Tigers presented
a broken up team, with Xordyke and
Lynch out. Portland scored first on
Beck's single, Eagan's error and Cas
tro's two-base hit. Another came in
Tacoma *s Patolied«-¥p Team Is Easy
Picking: for Brownies.
IHKJIG PCZZIiES THE TIGERS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
July 3i. j~ ::
Elizabeth... Coqullle River I 3 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way.f Sam Pier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdilO am Pier 13
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. |11 am Pier 21
Aug-nst 1.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 25
Eureka..... Humboldt ..... 12 m Pier 13
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
August a.
Chico Astoria &- Portland! 6 pm Pier- 2
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor. .....| 3 pmlPIer. 2
Pomona Humboldt ll:30.p|Pler, 9
jeanle . . Seattle & Tacoma. .] 5 pm Pier 20
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports.|10 am Pier 10
AngTltt 3. I
Argo. ...... EjI River. Ports... 4 pm Pier. 2
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier . 2
Umatilta... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Breakwater Coon Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Bonlta.....' Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Ang-cst 4. . .
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Redondo... Astoria ¦&• Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... WHlapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
Porco...., Pt. .Arena & Albion « pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | pier —
August 6. |
Corona. .... Humboldt |t -.30 p Pier 9
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
¦ August 6. | .
Pt. Arena! . Point ; Arena 4 pm Pier 2
China. ....^ China. & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Alameda... Honolulu ..11am Pier 7
City Sydney N. *Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Angrust 7. | ¦ | •
CocsBay... San Pedro & Way.J 9 am|Pler 11
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. S pm PltrlS
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
August 8. I 1 ¦
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports.lll amjPler' 9
Newburgk.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
\ ? August 9. | |
Mariposa..: Tahiti .... ....111 am|PIer • 7
TO SAIL.
The Length of a Dream.
"The other afternoon," said a doctor,
"I called to see a patient, and, much to
my satisfaction, I found him sleeping
soundly. I sat by his bed, felt his pulso
without disturbing him and waited for
him to awaken. After a few minutes a
dealer's cart,, with discordant ringing
bells, turned Into the street, and as
their first tones reached me my patient
opened his eyes.
" 'Doctor,* he said, 'I'm glad to sea
you, and awfully glad that you woko
me, for I have been tortured by a most
distressing dream that must have last
ed for several 'hours. I dreamed that I
was sick, as I am, and that my boy
came into the room with a string of
most horribly sounding bells and rans
them in my ears, while I hadn't power
to move or speak to him. I suffered
tortures for what appeared to be Inter
minable time, and I'm so glad you
awoke me.'
"The ringing of those bells for ona
second had caused all of that dream,
and just at the waking moment."—
Liverpool Post.
Mxports by the Komho- IJner.
i. The German *le£Sier Totmes of the Kosmos
line tailed yesterday for Hamburg and way
I>ortg with u. general merchandi5e cargo, val-
To Colombia— 170 C alf= 36 cs wine. 600 lbs
rice. r.S<> I^e lant, .VMi ih« raisins, 7 pkgs
eroo*n>* and provisions, r.c ce soap
To N>w York— 1ft. 114 sal* wir.<-. 240 748 ]h«
¦n-ool. 1500 lbs dry hides. 4("i3 lbs raisins 17
«-s drurs. 4S71 gals ti^rm o!l, 2:; bbls <hellf~
53.200 lbs bonebla:k. Si; bale? cattle hair.
To Hcnaaor — ?»: bb> flour, «*{> lbs tea *
To Peru— 20«fi lb* tallow.
To Chile — 2 pk*rs machinery.
To Jamaica — l«fl ry earned salmon.
To German} — ta.Sll lbs dried prune*.
To Panama— 120 bbls Boor. 2*26 gals wine,
M. lbs, j.j ? ar. ISO orts garlic. 2<-«» crt* onlonfi.
..'< c-f rr.iTHTal water. 40 cs canned salmon llo
oi* asKort«rd canned poods. T, cs liquors, 42 084
ft lumber. 2 colls rope, 1000 bxs soap. 10 cs
preserved cherriej-. v . -
To Mexico— 16.852 ft lumber. 10>> flaske
qnlrkfiiver, vxt re*l« tarbed wire. 10 carboys
acid. «* ekn soda ash. 740 pals wine. 4:; pkgs
X*ste, 20W !Le rice. 11 pkgs meals, 28 pkgs
ix>tato*"s. 49 c* canned goods, 1173 lbs dried
v '*" "^" lh * tea ' 2ST " Uj * brp a rl . "'52 lbs
ch«^se, Z2 pkgs table preparations. 0T4 lbs
Bpicev. 4i pk?s groceries and provisionE, 5 cs
whisky. r.kgs; fre^h fruits.
The Reamer Pan Juan tailed yesterday for
the ltthn.es of Panama and way ports with
• ti avscrtfj cargo, vulued at ?i*7.505, to be
diFtribut*<3 as follows: For Mexico. $10 127
• :. r.tr^l America. $13,222: Panama. »r>7»50. Co
ii'^ bia ,\ ?< "- : New Yrrk - «V«3: Ecuador.
ps»: Peru. HMO; Chile. $172: Jamaica. $701;
• ¦••rmany. pll?l. The following were the
principal expor**:
Cargo by Uic Panama St earner.
Ktmr Ceo Loomle. Badger. 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Navarro. Weber, <0 hours from San
Pedro.
Nor Ftmr Tellus, Arntzen. 4 days from
Ladysmith.
' Fr fhi;i Duchesse de Berry. Kermoal.. 146
days from Antwerp, via Dunkirk • • .
Bark Willscott. Macloon, .167 days from
Philadelphia, via Port Stanley 174 days via
San Diego S2 hours. In tow of tug Sea Rover.
Schr Newark. Rcinertsen 14 hours from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED. ;i v-
Saturday, July 30.
Stmr Nevadan. Greene Honolulu and Kahul
lul: William*. Dlmond & Co.
Stmr G W Elder. Randall, Astoria* Oregon
R R & Nav Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
S S Co.
Stmr San Juan. Urry, Ancon (canal zone),
via Mexican and Central American ports; Pao
Mail S S Co.
Brig Galilee. Hayes. Apia; John Wight
man Jr.
SAILED.
Saturday. July 30.
£tmr Coos -'•Say. Johnson. San Pedro.
Stmr San J-Uan, Urry, Ancon (canal zone),
via Mazatlan. etc.
Stmr Asuncion. Brldfjett. Ventura.
Htmr South Bay. Jamleson. Eureka.
Htmr Nevadan, Greene. Honolulu and Ka
fcului.
Stmr Neweboy. Adler, Creecent City.
Stmr Kan Petjro.- Rasmussen. Eureka. : .'--,/:
Htmr Signal. Bendegard, Coos Bay.
f-'imr Point Arena, Miller, Mendocino.
Stmr Aurella. Erickson, ' Astoria and Port
land.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka.
Ger stmr Totmes, Koehler. • Hamburg, et*.
Brig Galilee. Hayes. Apia..
Pchr Lizzie Vance. Tietjen, Graye Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta. Erickson, Siuslaw.
. Echr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bollnos.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 30, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles an hour.
SPOKEN.
July 19— Lax 35 N. long 15 W. Gtr ship Al
£te r from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
July VI— Lat 13 N. long 23 W. Fr ship David
D Angers, from Hamburg for Seattle.
July 1H— Lat 12 N. long 26 W, Br bark Peter
Iredale. from Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
_ EUREKA— Sailed July 29— Stmr Eurek*. for
: San Francisco. Jtily SO— Schr John A, for San
1 Francl&co.
Arrived July 30— Stmr Arctic, hence July 28;
«mr North Fork, hence July 28; Btmr Phoenix
hence July 2S. .
Sailed July '30— Stmrs Pomona and Francis
•'Lfre«t. for Ean' Francisco.
NORTH BEND— Arrived July 28— Schr Ha
die, from San Pedro.
i PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July SO— Ship
I R^r- from Port Townaend.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 2&— Brig
Geneva, hence July 20. -¦ ..r,>.~3- .T
SEATTLE— Arrived July 30-Stmr Centen-
Vlaska* nC stmr SpoUane, from
¦ ASTORIA— Arrived July 30— Schr Churchill,
from fvicwcaetle Aus
Sailed July 30— Schr Irene for
hen?c U J«Iy B lf Jti * -O-Schr Loul*.
BaXT,Voi U , L a O n W F^n a c 1 ,tco JUly *^ R W i
POINT REYES— Passed July 30, 2:25 p m—
Stmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua and Eureka
for han Pedro. •¦• . «v . .
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 30— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San - Pedro. - 7
COOS BAY— Arrived July SO— Stmr Break,
water, hence July 28. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 28— Stmr Q
C Lindauer and ichr A B Johnson for San
Francisco.
Arrived July SO— Stmr . Newburr hence
July 26. * ¦ .
PORT CLARENCE — Arrived July 3-^Bark s
C Allen, hence May. 24. . " . ..." S
6AN PKDRO— Arrived July 30— Schr Salva-
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 30.
Stmr Rival, Foscn. 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Bay. Jamleaon, 4S hours from
Sa:i Pedro. .. • .
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 11 days from Guay
mss. via Enscnada 57 hours.
Stmr Umatllla. Nopander. 60 hours from
Victoria.
Shipping- Intelligence.
?This old chestnut of a 4 to 1 score
is making: the fans mad, but it goes
every day at Recreation Park and yon
can't stop It. When Seattle made four
runs yesterday they quit and then let
San Francisco make one so that- the ;
tradition would hold good. But the
fans want something different. Each ,
one hopes that it will be 40 to 1 to
day.
It's getting monotonous, but still it
happens right along. The Siwashes cel
ebrated their fifth victory yesterday
without a break or a hitch. They did
not have to try at that. Everything
came easy for them. If hits did not
bring in the runs errors helped out, so
they came all the same and just about
as often as the northern stars would
have them.
Even though Jimmy "Whalen twirled
double-distilled ball that would win :
for anybody's ball team, he could not
get. away .with the game. Errors let
most of the tallies arrive, and hits
made them come if the errors were not
strong €<iough to go through. The na
tive tossers had about as much ginger
in them as horn toads.
At that they suffered some from
hard luck in the seventh, when "Wald
ron banged to right and Hilde walked.
Meany sacrificed 'em both along the
route. Cy Townsend then cut loose a
line drive that would have torn a hole
through. the fence had not Hall's anat
omy loomed up and forced the sphere |
to carom intf> Mohler's mitts.. Waldron
was extinguished at the pan, and the
next man died easy.
;A big league trick which old Van
pulled off in the third put the Siwashes
on the board. The patriarch had singled
•and V advanced on Mohler's sacritice.
Delehanty fouled to Cy Townsend, and
Cy was so elated over copping the ball j
that he paraded upand down. In front
of the "sun godt*,' swelling up and
making high signs at himself.
In the meantime old Van was hot
footing it to third base, and he slid in
cleverly amid the cheers of the fans
and the "chagrin of the Lodi kid. Frisk
beat out a skimpy bingle to short,
but It Was just good enough to put !
Van over the pan' with the initial run.
The score was'l up till the eighth,
when the Siwashes proceeded to break
it up, for fair. Mohler went as fat
as second on Irwin's bad wing to first.
He- landed on third when Anderson
wooderi-shoed the next one from Dele
/^anty's club. .Frisk forced Del at sec
ond, and then he and ; Mohler pulled
on! : a double steal. Williams cracked
the leather out of Rabbit Miller's
reach, and Frisky landed. Old "Carlo
pushed a double sacker ... over Hilde's
head, and on this Williams scooted In.
The score:
San Francisco — | Seattle
AB. R: H.P.-A. I AB/R H.P. A.
Mlller,2b 4 0 13 .". VanH.cf . 5 12 0 0
Wldrn.cf 3 1 1 2 0 Mohlr 4 2b 3 1 OS 3
Hildbd.If 3 0 12 1 Dhnty,3b 4 0 0 1 2
Meany. rf 3 0 0 3 0 Frisk.lf . 3 1 2 4 0
Twnsd.lb 4 0 2 10 llWllms.lb 3 1 1 10 2
Irwln.Sb. 3 0 11 1 Smith.rf. 3 0 110
Andrsn.o 4 0 0 3 " 2 R.Hall.s. 4 0 0 2 «
Gorton, c. :: 0 1 2 llWllson.o 3.0 12-3
-Whalen,p 3 0 0 1 2 C.Hall.p. 4 0 0 2 5
•Barber. 1 0 0 0 0) .
Totals. S2 4 7 27 21 j
.- T0U18.31 1 7 27 111
\ Charley Bnum Keeps Them Guessing"
Up}-, From the Call of Time.
LOS ANGELES, July 30.—Phenom
enal pitching: by Charley Baum and
heavy batting: by Jud Smith were the
I striking: features of to-day's game,
j which went to the locals by the score
I of 7 to 1. Oakland did not gret a hit
off Baum until the eighth inning.
They failed to score until the ninth,
j when two hits gave them their only
j run. Smith made a three-base, a two
base and a single out of four times at
bat. With the exception of the third
inning, when Los Angeles scored 6
runs, the game was interesting and
closely contested. Score:
Oakland— ./¦ I Los Angeles —
I AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. II. P.A.
I *>anks.s. 4 10 2 2 Bernrd.cf 2 10 10
I Ganley.rf 4 0 0 10 Brshr.lb 4 0 0 9 1
Dnlevy.lf a O 0 1 0J.Smh.3b 4 2 3 2 1
Strelb.lb 4 0 0 7 0 Cravth.rf 3 112 0
Krugr.cf a O O 3 0 Flood.2b. 4 1 2 S S
I Devrx.Jb 3 0 0 2 1 Toman.s. 3 0 0 16
i Byrnes.c 3 0 1 (1 2 Ross.If... 3 0 1 10
; Schmdt.p 3 0 0 0 liSpies.c... 3 116 0
; McKn.^b .J 0 1 1 5 Baum.p.. 3 10 11
Mskmn.If 1011 0; .
Totals.27 7 8 27 8
Totals. 31 1 3 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. I
Los Angeles 0 0 6 01 0 0 0 x — 7
Ease hits 0 0 4 0 2 1 0 1 x — 8
Oahland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2—3
Crrors — J. Smith. Cravath. Toman, Byrnes.
Tl-.ree-baf=o lilt — J. Smith. Two-base hits — J.
Smith. Flood. Bases on .•rrora — Oakland 3.
Left on bases — I. us Angeles 1, 1 Oakland 3.
Baues on balls— Oft Schmidt 2. Struck out —
By Schmidt .">. by Baum 0. Double plays —
Toman to Flood to Brashear: Cravath to Flood
Passed ball— Byrnes. Hit by ball— Cravath.
Time of paine — 1 houf and 33 minutes. Um
pire — Brown.
OAKLANDERS SIIY OX HITS.
W. L.. Pet. I W: L. Pet.
Seattle 5 O .1000 Oakland ...'2 3 .400
Tacoma 4 1 .StiO Portland ... I 4 ."JOO
Log Angeles 3 2 .«00)S. Francisco 0 5 .000
STANDING OK THE CLUBS,
Steamer. | From. Due.
Leelanaw ! Portland & Astoria July 31
fcequola Wlllapa Harbor July 31
Arctic i Humboldt July 31
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma July 31
Bomta Newport & Way Ports. July 31
Pomona Humboldt July 31
.Chlco.... Portland & Astoria July 31
G. Lindauer. . . Grays Harbor Aug. 1
Mariposa Tahiti Auff. 1
Oregonlan. ... New York via Coronel. Aug. 1
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Breakwater..- Coos Bay Aug. 1
S. Monica San. Pedro Aug. 1
Aztec Panama ..Aug. 1
Titania Oyster Harbor ..Aug. 2
Mackinaw Tacoma Aug. 2
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. '2
Chehalls San Pedro Aug. 2
Alameda Honolulu V. Aug. i
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 2
Centralla Grays Harbor ....Aug. 2
Porno Point Arena &. Albion.. Aug. 2
North Fork... Humboldt Auk. 3
Manchuria.... New York Aug. 3
Corona Humboldt Aug. 3
Corouado San Pedro Aug. 4
Redondo San Pedro Aug. 4
Eureka Humboldt ..Aug. 4
Newport New York. via Panama. Aug. 4
Qu«en Puget Sound Ports Aug. 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pt3. Aug. 4
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 4
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 4
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 5
Alliance...... Portland ,& Way Ports. Aug. S
G. Dollar..... Grays Harbor Aug. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 6
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma. .... Aug. 6
Ramses Seattle Aug. 7
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. ... Aug. 7
Doric • China & Japan; Aug. 7
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 8
laqua Seattle I Aug. 8
City Pucbla... I Puget Sound Ports JAug. ' 0
In adcition to the foregoing, the steamer
carri.-<; HUXX) lbs sugur. 192 eals wine. 27
Kals brar.dy, a pfcci machineiy, 14<X> lbs rtne.
«£t t>ct 5 l.dli-: pipe. « bb's paint and 55 pkpa
tank material, valued ot ?2223. en route to
I>aw6on, Northwest Territory, and 17o rolls
leather, valued at ?8219, for Yokohama, Ja-
The steamer City of Puebla. which sailed or.
i'rifiiLy tor Victoria, carried an asserted mer
chandise carco consigned to the port oi des
tination and to ther British Columbian ports.
*k!u-o at JI2.TSS, and including the following:
l&irt lies fresh fruity, 203 pkps fresh veffe
tables. «<j.l45 lbs ma!t, 42 pkgs onions, lS.uij
11* dried fruit. 15.331 U.s beans, C3OO lbs
cieaJt. uo pkes table preparations. 'M pkgs
t>i<kl>f-, ri I'kgs groceries and provisions. 4O.-
OO«» lbs ta.lt. Sow lb* raisins, 407 lbs coffee. 335
lb> bora. 25 ejril g&s. 21 pkg* windmills. II
l*kr* paper. U -roots leather, 50,00o lbs lertil-
Jztr. 12 likes machinery, 32 cs arms and ani
tr.urition. 7 cs <5ru£.s and chemicals, 34 bars
*teel, «j pkg-y sewing machines.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping M«>rrliants.
NEWS OF THE OCKAX.
Seattle Partakes of Fifth
Daily Victory and Final
Eesult Happens as Usual
SAME OLD TALE,
SAME OLD SCORE
the fifth on a three-bagger and a
passed ball. Beck's double and Cas
tro's single grave the victors the fourth
run. A single by Xadeau and Cas
tro's two-bagger following Hogan'9
bad throw made It two more, and
Portland got a total of eight on Over
all's error and Thielman's home run.
The latter succeeded "Williams,
whose knee was Injured by a pitched
ball. Sheehan's safe hit, Williams*
misplay and an out scored the first
run for Tacoma. The second was
made on Hogan's three-bagger and
Shea's error. The last came on a pass
to- Graham, Overall's slngla and
Keefe's oat. Xadeau made some star
catches, while Casey fielded in flno
style. Lynch was injured yesterday,
being hit by a pitched ball. Score:
Tacoma — Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A AB.R. H. P.A
Doyle.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Rymd.ss 5 0 0 2 4
Shehn,3b 4 12 1 2;McCrd.rf 5 112 0
McL.In.lf 4 0 11 OjWilma.cf 10 0 0O
Eagan.ss 4 0 0 0 CiThlmn.cf 3 1 2 3 O
Casey,2b 4 0 0 3 51 Beck, lb 5 2 3 8 O
Hoen,lb 4 1 1 12 O'Nadau.lf 5 2 1 3 O
Grahm.c 2 116 llStlmn.Gb 4 10 11
Ovrall.rf 4 0 11 lCastro.2b> 0 3 3 3
Keefe. p 3 0 1 1 3 Shea, o.. 4 0 0 5 2
Ibers, p. 4 13 0 0
Totals C33727 15]
I Totals. 40 3 12 27 10
Rras AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma O 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1—3
Base hits I O11111O1— 7
Portland O O O 21 1 O 2 2 — X
Base hits 1 0 1 2 1 2 0 2 Z — 13
SUMMARY.
Errors — Eagan, Hogan. Overall, Williams,
Shea. Struck out— By Keefe 3. br Ibers 4,
Eases on batls — Off Ibers 4. Hit by pitchers-
Williams. Passed ball— Graham. Stolen basa
— Steelman. Two-base hita — Graham, Castro
2. Beck 2. Three-base hlt3 — Hogan, Ibers.
Home run — Thlelman. Earned run — Portland
1. Double plays — Eagan to Casey to Hocan;
Shea to Raymond: Raymond to Castro to Beclc
2. Left on bases — Tacoma 7, Portland 6.
Time — 1:40. Umpires — O'Connell and McDon
ald.
•Batted for V.'halen in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 1-0 0 0 0 3 0 — t
Base hits 0 0 2 0 11 1 2 O— 7
Sap Francisco 0 0 0 O 00 0 1 0^ — 1
B-ise hlta 10 1 2 0 1*0 2 0-^-7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Townsend (2). Van Haltren.
Mohler. Smith. Errors^ — R. Hall. Anderson,
Irwin Two-ba?e hits — Smith, "Waldron. Sac
rlnte hits— Williams. Mohler. Meany. First
ba^e on errors — San Francisco 1. Seattle 2.
First base on called balls — Off Whalen 2, oft
Hall 2. Left on bases — San Francisco 7. Se
attle 6. Struck out — By Vi'halen 2. Hit by
pitcher — Smith, Gorton. Irwin. Double plays^ —
Anderson to Townsend, Mohler to Hall to
Williams. Passed ball— Wilson. Time of
game — One hour and forty-five minutes. Um
pire—McCarthy. •>. •
To Peru — 40.2M \tf UUlbw. 15.073 ft lumber,
5<KX> railroad tics. 12."> Mis ehooks. 120 coils
rr.pe, 10 drums acid. 26 bbls 5 cb lubricating
oils, 6 pke? machinery. 100 bbls flour. 510
gals 2,"> cs wine. 170s lbs lard. 17 ctls oats, 51
CM canned goc: : s. 3371 lbs - l-.ams. 200O lbs
dried flph. 10 pkss groceries and provisions.
To Chile— 25.0O0 ft lumber, S4 pkgs machin
ery. 101 bbls lubricating oil. 153 coils rope, 11
pkirs wauens. ., .:..
To Colombia— G52O ft lumber, SO cs blasting
powder. 4 pkgs mlllwork.
To German;- — 183,317 lbs dried prunes, OC
;a!s wine.
/
To Central America— 1500 railroad ties. 644
bbla nour. CSS gals wine. C21O lbs tallow. ]<«>
kegs gunpowder. ICO cs blasting powder. 00
cs dynamite, » cs blasting caps and fuse. 50
ck saltpeter, 5 rkg* mlllwork. 6 kegs nails, 7
t>k=s car.iiles. 1 bd! steel, 4 bbls crude oil, 15
cs acid, M4 pv« lumber, RS4 lbs beans, 520 lbs
rpicey. Si» lbs sucar, 50-D lbs raisins, 4 cs
mineral water.
To Ecuador— 610 bbis flcur. 24.-.0 gals wine.
Ki> cs canned salmon. SI c* canned goods, 5f«J
lbs drie<l fruit. 5 pk»;s groceries. 9:» colls rope.
17 baJes brooms. 20 bales paper bags.
ucd at $12,072, to be distributed as follows:
For il^xicu, S7-U3; Central America. $s7£i;
Ecuador, .fiiGl'O; Pera, ?I0.412; Chile . $.1541;
Colombia. ?K«2; Germany. $4>iC2; England.
$100. The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 317.908 ft lumber. 16 coils rope,
i<S31 ft hardwood. 12 cs paints. T2 bars iron, i
pkgs wagon n.atertal. 17 pkis building mate
rial. 1> bars 1 bdl steel, 3 bales canvas. 40 gals
wine. cs mineral wat?r. M crts potatoes,
11 likjrs groceries and provisions, JO cs boots
and shoes, 0 pkgs machinery. 11,710 lbs tal
low. _"; „¦, ; , <-. ¦
tor. from Port Ludlcw; Htmr Bee. from Re- '
dondo; tchr Alex T Brown, from BcUlngham;
s-imr Kedondo, hence July 2S; schr' Ruby from
Bandon.
Sailed July 30— Scl'r W H Smith, for Grays
Harbor; schr Andy Mahor.ey' for Astoria. ;
POUT TOWNSEND- Arrived July 30— Br '
barl: Lord Templetown. hence July 21 I
Sailed July 30— Nor Etmr Terje Vi'ken for i
Kremantl* - ¦ • V . j
HARDY CRKEK—Sailed July CO-Stmr i
Olta. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Ju!y 30— ;
Stmr James S HlRfrins. from Redondo. !
OLYMPIA— Sailed July UO— Stmr Homer, for !
San Krancisco j
KEDONDO— Sailed July SO— Strar Westport, !
for Pan Francisco. i
SAN' DIEGO— Arrived July 30— Schr Mawee- J
ma. from Ballard; bark Coloma from Port
Hadlock. ;
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July .".0— Sfmr Bruns- '
wick, for San Francisco; stmr National City !
for San Francisco, with barge Tidal Wave in
tOW. - .- ¦: j
}>VSTERN PORTS."
NEW YORK— Sailed July 29— Br stmr In
dravelli. for Singapore.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLUH'— Arrived July 29— Br stmr '
Aorangi. from Vancouver; sehr yacht Lurline ;
from crul?e. '
Sailed July 30— Br stmr Aorangi. for Liver- I
pool via China. ;
FOREIGN PORTS. !
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 30— Stmr Barba- !•
rossa, from New York for Cherbourg and !
Bremen (and proceeded) i
ANTWERP-Arrived July 28-Ger ship
MaRdalenp. from Oregon '
CUXHAVEN— Sailed July 27-Br ship i
Sprlnphurn, for Santa Rosalia.
LONDON— Sailed July 29— Gcr stmr Saxo
nia. for Ban Francisco
VICTORIA, B C— Passed July 20— Nor stmr |
Titania. from Nanaimo for San Francisco. !
MIDWAY ISLAND-Sailed July 30-Br stmr !
Gaelic, for Yokohama.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 23— Stmr Newport
for ban Francisco; «tmr Peru, for Panama. " !
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 23— Ger B tmr i
Abydos, for San Francisco. j
• OCEAN STEAMERS. I
QUEENSTOWN Arrived July CO— Stmr !
< edric from New York; Etmr Etruria. from
Mew iork.
NEW YORK— Arri\-ed July 30— Stmr Celtic, :
from Liverpool: ftrar Umbrla. from Liverpool.
balled July ;;0-Stmr Bulgaria. . for Hamburg;
stmr Mlnnetonka, for I-cndon; stmr Lucania
for Liverpool ;-Ktmr New York, for Plymouth
stmr Vaderland. for Antwerp; stmr Calabria,'
for Naples and Genoa; stmr Anchorla. for
Glasgow; Btmr Island, for Christlania etc i
LIVERPOOI,— Arrived July 20— stmr Corln- !
thlan, from Montreal and Quebec !
ANTWERP— Sailed July 29— Stmr Zeeland
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed July 20— Stmr La Gascogne
for »w York. •
BREMEN— Sailed July 20— Stmr Princess
Alice, for New York.
GENOA— Arrived July 20— Stmr Citta da
Napoli, from New York via Naples. July 30 i
Stmr Princess Irene, from New York i
COPENHAGEN— Sailed July GO Stmr
United States, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 30— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton for New York
Arrived July 30 — Stmr Hamburg, from New
York. Y .-¦"¦
The Eteamer H. J. Corcoran will
leave the foot of Clay street at 9:30
this morning on an excursion trip to
Antioch.
The army transport Logan. Captain
Stinson. will sail Monday for the Phil
ippines. A large shipment of silver
coin was placed on board yesterday.
The rate of reinsurance on the Brit
ish ship Ems remains at 4Z per cent.
The Eteamer Newport left Mazatlan
July 29 for this port.
The bri? Galilee sailed yesterday for
Apia with a general cargo.
The Kosmos liner Totmes sailed yes
terday morning for Hamburg.
Water Front Notes.
bCIICOXEn W. H. M.ARSTOX, WHICH IS MAKING AX TNUSTTAT.LY LONG PAS
- 5=AG»: rnOM HONOLULU. SHE IS OUT DAYS AND VESSELS THAT LEFT
THE ISLANDS LATER THAN SHE DID HAVE ARRIVED liEHE.
' ._ . /
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Ean Juan. Captain Urry, sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports with a
tcore of passengers and 2500 -tons of
freight.
•
Steamer San Juan Sails.
The schooner "W. H. Marston is mak
ing an unusually long passage to this
port from Honolulu. She left the Ha
waiian port CS days ago and should
have been here some time since. The
schooner Otillie Fjord, 25 days from
Mahukona, anchored ofE this port yes
terday and probably will reach quar
antine early this morning.
*^
Making Long Passage.
"When the schooner South Bay ar
rived yesterday from San Pedro, Cap
tain Jamieson turned over to the police
a. twelve-year-old stowaway. The
youngster wanted to be an admiralor
a pirate, but now he is willing to go
home and be just an ordinary boy. He
guve his name as Charles Sutherland
and says his parents live at 1514 Belle
view avenue, Los Angeles.
Twelve- Year-Old Stowaway.
The endurance run proposed to be
made jointly by the Automobile Club
of California and of Southern Califor
nia has been postponed. The plan
was for the' San Francisco automo-'
bilists to make the trir> to I.os Angeles
and back, and for the southern motor
ists to travel from Los Angeles to San
Francisco and back.
Last month L. P. Lowe, Chairman of
the executive committee of the Auto
mobile Club of California,' made an ex
perimental trip from San Francisco to
Los Angeles, stopping over night at
Salinas, San Luis Obispo and Santa
Barbara. He observed the condition of
the roads and the grades carefully,
making many observations with the
gradometer and measuring the distance
traveled with an odometer. The trip
was made under conditions as nearly as
possible the same as those of the pro
posed, endurance run. A total distance
of 506% miles was covered in an
elapsed time of 43 hours 16 minutes, or,
deducting the time consumed in stops
for the purpose of malting observations,
records and photographs, in a corrected
time of 31 hours 50 mjn.utes, the time
spent in controls not being reckoned in
either total. The average number of
miles per hour of elapsed time' was
11.71. and per hour of running time
15.92. The car carried passengers
weighing 620 pounds, 120 pounds of bag
gage and extra parts, without reckon
ing the water and gasoline. As the
weight to be carried in the endurance
run is 660 pounds, L. P. Lowe's car ex
ceeded this by ninety pounds. The rea
son for postponing the joint run is that
the Automobile Club of Southern Cali
fornia fevors the month of September.
j The endurance run being out of the
way for the present, the executive
committee of the Automobile Club of
California, will devote its attention to
making arrangements for the annual
run to Del Monte and for the race
meet there. The motorists will start
from San Francisco, Oakland, Ala
m6da and neighboring places on
Thursday, August 25. reaching Del
Monte that evening. Those who wish
to break the journey can .stop for the
night at San Jose or Gilroy, going on
to Del Monte early on Friday. Races
will be held on the Del Monte track on
Friday and Saturday, August 26 and
27, the programme being brought to
a close each day early before the air
becomes chilly. On Sunday a trip
around the seventeen-mile drive will
be made and next day the automobil
ists will return to their homes. It Is
expected that several motor car own
ers from Los Angeles and other towns
of Southern California will come up
to Del Monte with their machines. A
programme of the events is in course
of preparation and, will be issued next
week by the racing committee.
Annual Race Meet of the
Motorists Will Commence
at Resort on August 26
Carmen Ksprin, Edna McDonald, En
rique Rubalcaba. Victor F. Seawell,
Valentine RozynskI, E. E. Hicks, Man
uel S. Alarld, 1^. Almada Kelton, An
tonio A. Aguilar. Soledad H. de Aguil
ar, Zeodcme Calderon, M. Calderon, G.
G. de Garcia, Constancio Ruiz, Ger
trude Ruiz, Teresa Serrano, Manuel
Serrano, Matis Merchi, H. Unterburger
and Doroteo Serrano.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's steamer Curacao arrived early
yesterday morning from Guaymas and
way ports. She was laden, as usual,
with the products of the country along
whose coast she trades. Sprawling on
deck was a regiment of live turtles and
in the hold sacks of sugar and ore.
In her treasure room she brought
twenty-nine bars of silver bullion, val
ued at 533.O03, and a bar of gold worth
5S000.
Her passengers included the follow
ing named:
TEIALS AT DEL ."MONTE
Chauffeurs Decide to Defer
Perilous Journey to Los
Angeles Till Later Date
Steamship Curacao Arrives From Guaymas and Way Ports, Her
Decks Covered With the Material for Many Bowls of High-
Priced Soup and Hold Filled With Sacks of Sugar and Ore
LONG AUTO RUN
IS POSTPONED
BRINGS A CARGO OF LIVE TURTLES
AND BULLION OF GOLD AND SILVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO:, GALL, SUNDAY. JULY 31, .190*.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
37
You will find our CLASSI-
FIED COLUMNS a ready refer-
ence when you need an ATTOR-
NEY OR" DENTIST. '¦
i Highest professional skill and
reasonable . rates. ; .
ADVKftTISEMKXTS.
VIGOR AND HEALTH
V£oL^\5o^y £^T TEES TC
/£, a^*)T 3'P 5 To prove the
77". #*-. >l^.A •Jig s tlve power* of
—^ K^T '¦ - \ l\% k our most re-
35 ft ''..•"-¦* I ,§5feLS merkable home
I -V I treatment, you
gm± /--^k •¦ 1 r* n:ay teUe It on
I. / 1 .'1 n «»S ten <5ays ' trla|
»y-> I -/ i ' I s q «2L Jr and approval. It
S W* I- J«taS "111. quickly re-
C3 Tl TfrT^^SS^I "tore lost
—5 I i i ij3 J etrrnrth and give
H 1/ jjcjS^ 1 you thc flr « ***
«^ BJ L/ v tTl> vl«ror of youth.
*£" £/ II * S* 14 By «tmo«plieric
G~ \Sk *>Q pressure It ex-
pands the organs
and Is the only
known ecl^ntlflc means which will positively
•Milarse and fully develop them. Used with our
Local Abeorbins Stimulating Tonic. Germfcldal.
Healing. Medicated Uretbral Crayons always
quickly cures where all else falls. Gleet, all
Liralnt>. Loeses. Varlcocele. Stricture, Prema-
turcnesa. Enlargement of Prostate Gland etc
A safe, simple home cure. NEVER FAILS"
Vt. Llewellyn, ene of our staff of physicians
has d'Bccvered a marvelous remedy which will
plve action ajid produce results In 5 minutes
Applied locally only. Works like magic Don't
rail tc call on us lor demonstration or write
tor new illustrated book. Ho. B. sent t>*>curely
Bea!«J. free Hours. 8 to 0: Sundays 10 to 1
Send *U letters by express to Dr. L. L. Eberrod
BEALTB JTUMCECO., 6 0'FarreUSt!
' ' - " yEKTJSE3CDfTS.
OQG©©OO©OO9OOO3Q3OOOC5©3OOOC©0O®©O©OOOOOO©OeO«OOO©OOOOOOO3OOOOCOCOOC
2 P >>^ v '• "I miserable from Rheumatism and had tried everything I
• r * > '* i' * i»* J heard of with no result until I got your Electric Belt. It cure<l me
® &'. -'".» '£ l i'iS£^£f<*'*< : % • **? J^^****^ - } and I thank you." — Mr. H. A. Lehndorff, proprietor Fernando Hotel,
O :^^---^^^^^^^^^^^ "1 suffered from Sleeplessness, from aggravated form-} of Debll-
A S - vv t y ~- X^7'f%\ ! s&^t<^^^^ ' tv ' and feared I was breaking down until I got your Belt. It cured
• S-'^^^^^^^m-^m^^^^^Mw^^ me ' l slee P ilnc row an(1 rec^ erand, and I thank you." — Mr. F.obt.
S '' , ¦ .-£iMf^i%^M$h .sM»w^aK^^^^y "The Belt has done everything you claimed. I hava used it for
J» %aSi!|-?Sp| f^i'^S |SsMJ«^^^^^-S*^r two months for Weakness and Kidney Trouble, and am laying it
O nsidc now, as I am completely cured and don't need it any moro." —
i'- ;; .''^HPr You Will ThanK Me Top,
I mr. 'j. if You Try It
S , Likely. Modob Co.. Cal. »/
©/ . Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, boyish folly, hard work or worry, from any
© cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for, three months and I will make him as
• vigorous in every respect as any man of .his age. V. '- -.'¦.'1
• I will not promise'to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong tnd
9 sturdy. Even that man I can make better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his
2b strength I can make as good as he ever was. . - , , , , -, „ . .
<| I can give back to any man what he 'has lost by abuse of the laws of nature. I can stop all drains
Q upon the vital power in ten days.
• A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
• when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost
© ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. McLaughlm Electric
2 Belt supplies. , : f - .; "' - ' . - ; - ' '. • • ! „,. ,
2 The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When yoa lose
S that by draining the system in any manner my Belt will replace it and will cure you.
m' Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton. Cal., writes: "Although you are a stranger to me. my heart warms toward yon
S as a great benefactor and friend, and I am more than grateful to you. I can feel tha vijror of new lift In my
q body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success in your work.
• Lettcrs t likc that tell a story which means a great deal to the sufferer. They are a beacon light to the
© man who has 1 become discouraged from useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. '
© My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and
5 stirs up a great force of energy in a man. ;. .:: '; ,. . . . - ' . ' , : -
q I make the best electrical body appliance m the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it.
S' I know my trade. My cures after everything else has failed are my best arguments.
A Air Rov- Burks McKittricks. Cal.. writes: "From the first night I wore the Belt I felt new life in every part of
S my body The drain stopped immediately, and I am now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought
© of the Belt, for in no. other way ccruld the money bring me so much pleasure."
• Giv<*"me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in
© his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt
5 will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. No pain can exist where my
% Belt is worn.* :C:. ; r,>. ';¦• ¦¦>\ r >-\- >v -
A i Mr J L.. Baird of Orland, Cal.. writes: "My back is entirely well, and I would not take S100 for ray Belt If I
q could not get another. It is the best thing on earth for a lame back." ,
• They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not
• cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. " ;> /. "v € ' : V J
© \ Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any
2 better proof to make you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure, and
S as cheap as Dr. Mclaughlins Electric Belt? T have not seen one. You must try it. -In justice to yourself
a and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought
A not to be delayed. :. ¦.. ; - : - • " . - ;. ,, , , .
S ;-It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you_ sleep, it causes no trouble, lou feel the
© gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts.
• Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I will
© send it, sealed, free. Cut out this ad. - *'' /"
8 Call for Free Consultation
S Div» lVl» W/« IT iCL/\ U VXFl LI IN 9 Above EUIs, San Francisco, Cal.*
© Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St.; IiO» Acsrcles. 129 So. Sprinsr St. Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to X.
€OO»oooo9oe®®®®s®®3©©©PQ©©©©©©©Q©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©<
T3W ion^Gas. Engines
in use in >. 55 n. p. 3-ct£indek "truiou" masihe jzxgxhte.
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements,
UnionGasEnjiae Cpmpai^&uirau.^^AT ADAM3 SPRINGS: Prom San rr*a
cisco — Thomas J. Coleman, Mr«. J. Colemaa.
J. C. Butler. "W. J. Butler. P. Johnson. D.
Dougherty. J. S. Sullivan. Dr Evarj. E. 8.
Fulton. M. M. Miner. Paul Spencer D. T
Hughes. R. J. Reidy William Fey T. Me-
Grayon. Mra. C. Larey. J. MeArty, /. W. Mo-
Glll. John Kelleher, Stanton Foreman. A. Lit
tle. Edith B. Ashton. M. R. Browr.o. H. Myer
field, J. Foerzer. Joseph Ccpsey Mr. and
Mra. S. Wheeland. Miss B. Krocs. W. F.
I.err.a. Mrs. S. Wheeland. Miss F. Krocs. O.
P. McDervett, J. Baclgalupl. T. J, Voeoie
vich. J. S. Veira, R. P. Doherty, Thomas Mo-
EUigott. J. F. Harvtll. J. S. Willis. Charles
Helmke, Mr. and Mrs. Hooper, Miss and Mas
ter Hooper, S. S. Keyes. E. H. Hall. Peter
Kahle. Charles Kallsky. Allen Knight, Miss
Milly Grozeller, G. R. Runyan, M. Runyan.
D. M. Fraser, M. Honowlch. Mrs. P. Sar
torl. Mlsa M. Canapa, Mary Burgess, A.
Traynor. A. J. Murphy. Grac» McMulty. Mr.
and Mrs. Leslie. J. Leslie. J. W. Olson. Mr.
and Mrs. Walt«»rstein. Mr. and Mrs. Sack,
Mrs. P. Bock. Miss N. Hays. Miss 3. Gray.
S. Solomon. Ella Waltersteln. Frank Walter
stein, E. M. Wooster, H. Botvln. E. F.
Poole Jacob Llpnoete. John Sohn. Phil Clay'
berg, Mrs. J. A. Krlthly. John Rumlth. Mrs.
E. J. Blunt. Clara Blunt. L. Relsbt, Charles
Ream George S. Warlow> and J. O. Veatch.
From Napa — Miss May Veatch. Mrs. O. Black.
E. Snow F. Snow, Mr Conaok. Mr. and Mra.
Ward, Mr. and Mrs. Burk, J. Hertngton, F.
L. E. Jordan, Mr. and Mrs, S. W. Woodbury.
Frcm Chicago — Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wood
bury. From San Diego — Roland A. Wood-S«y«.
Frcm Belvedere — Thomas Stokes JJulvey, Ho
bart Mills. Mrs. J. J. Armstrong:. W. Green
wood. M. G. Thackman. From Rem\ Nev.—
Mrs. T. W. Clark and daughter. Mr*. H. M.
Martin, child and maid. From Wlnnemacca,
Nev. — Mrs. V. J. Hill. From CaUstoga— J; E.
Moore. From Virginia City. Nev. — R. C.
Lundstrom. From Truckee — Mrs. C. W. Lotyr.
Miss Kate Kern. From San Rafael — I>ouis R,
Carrlgan. From San Joae — Dr. and Mra. John
L. Venepe. From Mill Valley — Mr. and Mrm.
H. H. Hite. From New Jersey — illaa HoIUass
worta.
AT WHITE SULPHUR-SPRINGS. Vallejo:
From San Francisco— Mrs. M. Reynolds. Mr.
and Mrs. L. Brandt, Irrr.e Brandt. MIfs Mario
Bertore Mr. and Mrs. R. S. S. Huff. Mr. and
Mrs. Vilton. George A. Fellows and wife.
Charles Fellows. Mr. and Mrs. R. Jepson,
Miss Charlotte Jepson, Walter Jepson, Mrs.
F. Goodman. Mrs. M. H. Hankie, C. F.
Joseph. Miss L. Watteroan, Mra. John Kom
elzkl. Mrs. Carrie. Theeman. Mr. and Mrs. M.
.Tncobson. : M'ss Bettlc Jaccbson. Charles F.
Boyd. Mrs. J. F. Mullen. Misa Tesslo Mullen,
E. Wales ar.d wife, Miss May Commlngs, Mr.
and Mrs. S Crooks and faAtlly Mr. and Mrs.
J. K. O'Brien, Mlfs Mae O'Brien. Henry
Kuhls and family. Mrs. S. Greenhood, Miss
Rhoda Greenhood, L. Levy and wife, L. Men
chol and wife. Miss Marim Richards, J. F.
Miles. Mrs. A. E. Coolot, Mrs. Dj H. Logan,
Mrs. R. Dennett, J. H. O'Brienl and wife,
Mrs. E. II. Coleman. Mi?s Etta Van Vlack.
Enlce A. Mullen, Mra. Nellie Price, Mrs. J.
L. Housjcr, Mmo. Prills. E. Kennedy. Miss
Helen Kurlandzik. A. Blomquist, Mrs. Dion
Simon. Mrs. C. C. Spaulding. .Mrs. Annie
Kelly Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. Senor Don Ruby,
Hanna Hayes. Mr. and Mrs. Klopstock, Tess
Klopstock. Mabel Peters, Mrs. David Klop
stock Dorothy Klopstock. Francis Ruddlck,
Miss -K. Kirk. Gregory Hlguerd. Frorm
Oakland — R. J. Montgomery, Alice it.
Gregory, Ada M. Sheldon. Miss Mamie K.
Burke. Gertrude McNutt. ' From Los Angeles
— G. J. Flfield. From Santa Rosa — Mrs. M.
H. Hankel. From Placervl lie— Miss Maggie
Kirk. Mrs. E. Alden, Miss Jennie Alden. From
Redding— E. Hugel. Mrs. Hernandez and
daughter. From Vallejo— W. J. Martin. Mor
gan Joneg, Charles Manecke nnd son Harry,
M. F. McCool, C. Conway. W. J. Clarke,- J.
McCole. C. F. Colvin. Leo McCudden, J. II.
O'Leary, . Mr. and Mrs. W. K
Oedge, Miss- Susie Ged*e, Mrs. H.
Widenniann. Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Dick and
family. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cooper. Stanley
Cooper, Mrs. Green, Inez Farmer. Ben Sllverla.
Margaret KenvNell Kemp. Donald Monroe and
children. Miss Bello Rule, Harry Thomas,
Mrs. Mugridge, Nana Furlong, Nellie Rule.
Mrs. J. S. McDonald, Mrs. Davis. Mrs. George
Dlmon. ,M»ry Furlong. Margaret Ward. Mr.
and ' Mrs. J. Roddy and family.
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Mrs. T. Goodman, Mr. and Mrs.
J. A. Schmidt, Mrs. J. D. O'Nell, J. Davidson,
Miss Davi'.^on. Mrs. Joseph Herrschcr, Miss
Emma Herrscher, E. Johnson, John R. Sayers,
C. O. Van Vain. W. H. Hocgs. T. K. Stateler.
A. Scott, G. de Luca. N. de-l^uca. H. M.
Smith, Peter Greenwald, E W.-^Sclvelnert. A.
Weill. Joseph Herrscher, E. B. Pond and wife,
Dr. Charles E. Parent, Frank N. Leland. W.
S. Ren. B. Srlensich, L. M. Murhead. Mrs. D.
Peckerman, Mrs. Hendrlckson, Chris Angellch,
Rev. 1'. Connell, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Pond,
J. Mae, Wony"\ Stauf, Mrs. McMillan. T.
Roth. Miss Liz'lle Field, Mrs. E. Kelly. From
Oakland — Joseph B. Reboli. Mrs. O. Anderson.
From Stockton — Mrs. A. Horstman. Dr. Allen,
Miss Alberta Waemr. A. W. Wagner. H. S.
Dawson. From-, Freeno — Jules Bourgogne, J.
.Taussaud. H. P.-' Baumsaertner, A. D. Elklns.
From Santa Rosa — Mrs./M. II. Hankel. From
Linden — H. W. Potter. From Sacramento —
William Land. From Santa Cruz — Warren
Huffman. From Son Rafael — A. B. Thomson,
J. ¦ H. Doherty. From -Sonora — E. L. 'Rehm.
From Alameda — Miss Larkin. From Fruit
vale — .1. R. Talcott and wite. From Crockrtt —
A. Pezzutto. From Carters — Archie Scott. From
Hanford — >3 Rehoefer. From Orangeville —
William Ca'.der. From Llvermore — Patrick
Fallon, John Sweeney. From Selby — A. P.
Mitozo. From Keswick — B. Cussick. From
Orovllle— Gus Linden. From United States
Naval Hospital — F. S. Kirby. From Point
Richmond— C. M. Machado. From Antioch —
H. Dalmken. F. P. Reed, Robert Remfree.
From Knigbtsen— W. J. Cantrell. D. N. Can
trell.-"From Rosendiile. Mo.— John R. Graff.
From Nevada City— Mrs. S. W. Marsh. From
Kockport, Ind. — Mrs. J. Baumgaertner. From
Honolulu— George J. O'Nell.- -¦,-
AT THE DE LA ROSA RESORT: From San
Francisco— Mrs. Dora Albouze and son, Paul
Bouys.<<on, Jean Bouysson, Francois Bauret.
Jean Aberrouette. J. Orogneu, T. Sherling. Mr.
Dobner, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bovyer, Miss May
Bovyer, Mr. Sullivan. Miss Marlon Sullivan.
Buttle Smith. Miss G. Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
John McDonald. Master L. McDonald. Miss
Falkermsten, Mr. and Mrs. Goutard and two
daughters, Mr. and Mrs. C. Lalnne and two
daughtt-rs, Mrs. J. A. Bovyer. Miss Bovyer,
Mrs. M. C. McManus, Miss McManus. From
Oakland — Mrs. McCarty and three children.
From Alameda — Mrs. Bradley, Mr. Schultz.
Mrs. Laurie and two daughters. From Berke
ley — Mrs J. T. Belnap. From San Jose — Mrs.
E. W. Pratt. Miss Edwlna Pratt
C. Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. R. \H. Renebone
and son. Jack Williams. William W. Davis.
C. L. Mlel. E. Miel. Frances Pike, Ethel Mar
zen/c4iura B. Shier, C. K. Smith, V. J. Ser,
H. Ii^ Osgood, J. A. Hill. A. Desoonlavy, Mr.
and Mrs. Ealflour, Edwin McAfu, Charles W.
Kellogg.
• • ®
AT THE TALLAC: From San Francisco—
Miss Julia Clancey. E. H. Wiel, Mrs. W. C.
Walker. Mrs. M. E. Edwards. George M.
Scott, George L. Riddell, Mrs. H. E. McDon
ald. Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Young. H. L. Pad
dock. Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Martin. Master
George Martin, Master W. J. Martin, Wynn
Martin. T. J. Cross, W. Mannasse and wife.
Miss Ray Msrnnasse, Miss Ruby Mannasse,
Bessie Boynton Brown. Alice M. Edson. Jean,
nutte Wells Comoy, Mrs. M. M. Tornpklns. H.
Huddleson and wife. A. W. Turpln and wife.
Julius H. Smith, Mrs. A. W. Wilson. Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Bronler Wilson, H. H.
Wilson. O. M. Rugg. Miss W. S. Porter. W.
S. Porter, I. N. Walters, Miss Ida Lazarus,
Miss H. M. Wallace. Miss Mae Howard, Frank
J Clancey. J. W. Wlllard and wife. James
E. Egan. George T. Davis, Miss M. McLaren.
Louis C. Brown. From Sacramento — Mrs. W.
I 1 . Mathews. Miss Mathews. Mrs. M. N. Klm
boll. From San Anselmo — Mrs. M. M. Tomp
klns. From VIsalla — Mrs. pA. Levls. From
Los Angeles— Frank W. Chase and wife. From
Oakland— Mrs. J. W. Kelley. Dr. George R.
Harris and wife. Miss Florence Harris. Galen
M. Fisher, Carrie K. Traham. Mrs. A. F.
Traham. Carl Suelberger. From Denvei —
Frank S. Thayer. Mrs. F. S. Thayer. From
Hawthorne. IsVv.— Henry Suzzallo, II. P.
O'Callahagan and wife. From' Berkeley — Mr.
and Mrs. Koford. From Fallon. Xev.— Mrs.
George W. Gardner. From New York City —
Miss A. C. Scoville. Helen C. Scoville. From
Carson City Nev.— M. C. Gardner. P. S. Gard
ner F. L. Tlckner. From Santa Clara — Miss
AT CAMP CURRY— C. C. Moulthrop. Ala
meda; Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Culver, Kinsley;
Miss Emma Firth. Chicago; Mr. and Mrs. W«
H. Nevell. Tuolwnne; Miss Selma V. Preston.
Miss K. Uelnhardt. St. Louis; T. N. Hahoshi.
New York; K. Naguaawa. Santa Rosa; Miss
N. C. Woods. Mrs. William Smith. Santa
Barbara; Miss A. Lescher, Miss Lulu Cravens.
Carpenteria; C. Brock. Australia; W. R. Birm
ingham, Oakland; William Proudfoot. Berke
ley Miss H. Swett. Martinez; Miss Ruth
VJc'kery, William Millar. J. R. Millar. Oak
land; Miss E. B. McKensle. Miss F. L. La
Rue. Stockton; Miss L. M. Muckeahouft.
Pcughkeepsie ; Miss M. E. Gooch. Los Angeles;
Miss C. M. Pierce, Honolulu; Stephen Petrls.
Angels Camp: Mr. and Mrs. O. Balllman. St.
Lculs; D. Corcoran. Priests; J. M. Elliott,
Chicago: Miss A. M. Colvin, Mlsa Annie E.
Cclvin, Scotland; B. Hickman. New York; Mr3.
M E. Osgood, Providence. R. L ; F. A. Up
hom, Oakland: R. B. Burnham. Norwich.
Ccnn.- Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Barber. San Fran
cisco;' Du Perier. Paris: William Ruthertue,
Miss Rutherfue, Oakland.
AT EL CARMFXO HOTEL. Paclfle Grov*>:
Frora Ban Franclsofl — J. I*. Thorn, J. Smith
and wife. H H. Bel! ar.d wife. J. A. Percy
and wife. Louis Dore. H. * Furley. Mrs. Da
vid Henderson. Miss P^eta Henderson. Mrs. F.
C. Shuraard. Gladys Shurnard. Mrs. V. Koin
f.eld. Mrs. A. T. Smith. A. T. Dresser. C.
rta'.iU-y. R. E. Pever. E. R. Cheadie. C. E.
McPhfTBCn. E. R. Chandler. W. H. Cobb and
son. W. E. Louis. H. Peters and wife. Thomas
Hill and wife. T. Dierks. Miss Olsa. Miss
Jerr.a, Thomas Filber. Mrs. Fl'.ber. Miss Fil
ber. H. Hume. H. J. Smell. H. E. Kent. F.
P. Wilccx. Mrs. E. J. Smith. Mrs. A. Snider.
Robert Pelehtrr. Mr. and Mrs. A. AHier and
r«rr.i!y. W. J. Pratt. J. A. Rothchild^-^I. Al
dpr*on; Mr*. M»» South. R. Keath. ' E. P.
r>i:!j\ Mr. Leon. San Jo»e: R. Hnbuon. Green
bon. Ala.: Mm. Sampson. Borton. Mass.: Mrs.
Kern and daurhtcr. Mips M. Morse. E. G. Ctm
wmr. Oskland: Mary Stanton. Aptos; Mabel
CfitaSB. Nell McLarsen. Eureka; Mumle Con
nor. Detroit. Mich.: J. Bardin. Dr. W. Austin.
Italian: Mrs. Heathcote. Miss Heathcote.
Mr. Graff and family. Santa Cruz; Mrs. L.
AT HOTEL DEL MONTE: Frcm San Fran
eifcer--ilr. *nd Mrs. Byron M»uzy, Matter and
>:,t a il.iu;.., C. L. Ne^omb Jr.. C. It. 'i'obin.
E. M. Gl— IIWIji B. % Alexander. Mr. ar.d
il'rt JiEies A. Wilton. Mr. cad Mrs. R. Her
ring. Mr. and Mrs. fi. N. Wood. Ma'^ln
Triest. N. fctT*utt)ure«r, R. Matthios. SJrt. J.
B. Schrorder, Dr. C. G. Irvitou, Mrs. Herstle.
Mrs. Inine. Jaraes W. Byrne. Rose Kei!us.
Mrs. Kellus, Mr«. C. J. Wilder. Mr*. J. L.
Riddcl,.> Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. C. E. Wor
den. J. B. Miss Eujtcnt.- Ha»c?. W.
Geary. E G lie Wald. Mr. and Mr*. A. O. de
Walu. J. H. McCuIluuch. Mrt. M. L. Hengle.
Mr. and Mrs. It. CJ. liayne. John I*. Hayne;
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. a. J. llawes, Sacra
m<»nlo; iin. Thomaf >lrunz. Miss Mattell,
Mis-s 1'hlllips, C. T. L. >rusmsnn. New Yom:
Mrs. W. W. Watt. &.m> CudwelL North Car
olina; Catherine GrUlitb. Hclrn Challoner,
Miry Hur.ter. Tittiburj: it. A. CMtler, PecrU;
Mrs P. Evans. England, Mr. and Mrs. A. G.
Wolf. Cincinnati; J. D. Van Vleck. H. 51.
¦Wheeler. Los Anfftles: Mr. rtrA Mr.". William
G. Blatt. Detroit; A. H. HiKC:nK. o.ikland; G.
F. Somm»rt, H. A. Wi.llia.nsK. Newark. N. J.;
Mr*. E. D. Fulweller. Mrs. J. <\ 6prlr.ps.
Phi!»de!phl»: Robert N. IJr":e. Miss Panquet.
St. Louis; Mr. and Mrs. J.-!ir. I'arrutt and fam
ily, Pan Mateo: Ira Miller. Charles II. Miller.
Massachusetts; Ij. C. Tbcmborn I/v-niScn: F.
H. RowciPn, Detroit: Mr. am! Mrs. 1^ Kraus,
lR<iianapoli»; J. B. Inrln. Chicago: Miss Ssdle
E. iiaird. M:m M«ry J. W«dd. Ntw York.
Now that the school children have
been garnered in from tl5* woods and
flelds and seashore the -, migration
thither of the other people" has be
gun. And there is much philosophy
in awaiting the evacuation of the chil
dren a:id their accompanying friends,
ior during vacation tlii resorts are
crowded to the full limit and as for
yuiet and seclusion, it miffht as well
be sought in a. brass foundry. As for
the little ones — bless them — God made
therm, even as the youns of other an
imatf, to be frisky and frolicsome
and noisy, and thus should the coun
tryside be yielded to them during the
eix weeks of their respite from books.
It belongs to them. But now is the
grown-ups' time to shine.
AT TUSCAN SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—A. Jones. Joseph Barbetta, Mr. ar.d
Mrs. Thomas Dwyer. C. D. Chandler. W. D.
Chandler. Daniel Toomey, Thomas J. Ken-
AT EAJtATOGA SPRINGS: From Pan Frnn
f*lsco — II. Wismer. Mrs. H. Scho^nholz. Miss
E. Sohoenholt. I. Herzmann.' J. B. McCarthy,
George A. Polar, Joseph F. Dnlan. J. A. Mc-
Near Jr. find wife, John F. Mues and wife.
Miss H. Mues J. H. Rodders. Miss L. Ash
ton. H. F. William*. Henry Ptif-glitz, M. A.
Rapken. I>?on de Cavasso. Miss AleaCira
Smith. M!ss IT. Crelghton. M. H. Knopfmach
rr. John H. Klein, Henry Mohr. John Baader
arid wife. John Thode and wife. Mrs. F. Haee
mann H. Hagemann. William F. DlnnUan,
D. F." Banlett. Miss G. A. Bartlett. Z. Mor
rison. M. A. Morrison. Mrs. L. Walio and
daughter. I, Farier. From Reno, Nev. — John
Appleton. From Laton — Frank I. Dixon. Vic
tor Wolf. From Oakland — Miss E. Em'gh,
Ml>s A. McNamara. James Dully. From Dun
nigan — -Charles E. Jones, Miss Annie Austin.
P. E. Hughes Mrs L W. Huehes. Master
Jack Hughes. From Seattle. Wash.— J. J.
Dtgnan. From Fresno — P. A. C. Wolff. Peter
Wolff. Claus Wolff. From Denver. Colo. — A.
H Clark S. B. Black. Joseph Knopf. From
Butte, Mont. — George Koster. From Korbel,
r*al. — L. .Hammmond, Miss Josie Hammond.
From Irvington — Miss F. Morton. H. Petorsen
and wife. From I'Ve — Stephen McMul'.en.
From Frultvale — John :rt>msen. Peter Skou. M.
Chrlstensen.
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Lake County:
From San Francisco — John Earn ham, J. R.
McGregor B. E. Harter H. W. Tilton. J. C.
Klchard8on, J. Alexander Yoell. E. ¦ L. Gnin,
G. Thomp^n. Mr. and Mr3. Q. Wetmer. Mrs.
J. A. Magce. Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Flshb?ck.
E. E. Cook. E. U. Cook Mr. nnd Mrs. R.
Carmany. T. Carmany. Dr. A. C. Hulofson.
Mrs C. A. Rnlofson and child. Miss May
Wood. Dr. F. J. Tillman. Miss T. Doyle, Dr.
and Mrs. T B. Roche. H. Wolf and wife,
Stella Wol*. E Semmel, Mrs. M. L. I^onard.
Mr. and Mrs. Cuello, Mre. Jose Page. F.
Pchwabacher. M A. Llppltt. J. A. Kit-in. J.
C. Bates, W. H. Cameron. J. A. Cahlll and
wife. F. J. Agnew. Mrs. M. C Kelly and
daughter. Mrs. J S White, Lucy N. Monck
ton. Mi.'S M. Grozeli^r T. F. Chnfftfld. G.
Rosenberg:. M. K Flashman ? Allen Knicht, D.
P. Wbelan an.] wife. Ml5s .'^ira Whelan. D.
T. gelly. C. V. Lane. Wl',r,->ni Hautner. T.
M Van Sicklen W C. Schneider. J. R. Meyer.
Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Tamm. S. W. Gilehrast,
John Mayer. Mr«. Mayer nnd Miss Mayer. EL
Lutzen, C. II. Hermann. Mrs. I. J. Hartens,
M. M. Lade. T. D. Mosckton and son. T«. J.
Cess. E. P. Farmer. E. Schianer. M. H. Knop
macher. G. J. Pannrlo, Mr. and Mrs. Flshbeck.
Mrs. A. Kern Jolin Rhode and wife, John
Broader and wife. H. Mohr, Mrs. F. Hage
mann. H F. Hagemann. A, Glower and wife,
E. K. Blgperstaff. H. D. Dederky. Charles
Lorenzsen. W. F. Lorenzen, C. L. Aaron, H.
Hooper W. F. Dunn'.gan. W. E. Trefts and
R. Gallagher From Oakland— J. R. McGregor.
William Lang. J. R. Burnham. Mrs. J. R.
Burnham and Miss I* Burnham. J. M. Shan
non. \Y. B. Stanford. B. II. Griffln. Miss J.
Farrfleld. JosThlne SarFfleld. G. II. Hahn. W.
A. Houts. From San Jose — James Ccughlan,
W. Hearst. S. W. Gllchrl-t ar.d wife II. G. Aug
eror' ari wife. From Alatneda — Mr. and Mrs.
E. IT. ""VrMland William Herman. Mrs. \V.
M. Hunt. I C. Llnderman. From nakersn>Id
— J. H 6'RellIr and wife. From Ban Lorenzo
— Mr*. H. B. Marlln. Miss A. K. Marlln. Mrs.
M E» Smyth and Mrs. J. McConaghy.
EasUbfC&k. J. Stevens ar.d wife, J. Parkln
fon. Los Angeles; Miss Armstrong, Davisville;
T. H. Cook I- M. Richardson. J. T. Skelton.
Sacramento; Mrs. T. C. Shuvill. Courtland;
Haro 1 Hill Belvedere; Dr. and Mrs. Wren,
riacervtlle: Mrs. E. C. Hume, l'ledmcnt.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From Pan Fran
cisco — l. Crocker. Mr. and Mrs. Duvall. Mrs.
William Griswold and daughter. J. H. Helms,
J. Cavanaugh. L. Brizzola^E. Armstrong, N.
A "Gos'.lner and wife. Ed Fay. wife and son,
Mr and Mrs. H. Johannisson. M. Clancy.
Nick Plattner. Mr*. F. Cox and daughter.
Mrs. K. Falkensteln. Miss A. Falksnstetn.
Charles Mayer and/jrife Miss Hilda Mayer,
Fred Hesthal, C. E. Carroll. P. Higglns and
wife, J. Brandt and wife. From Santa Cruz-
James McNiel and wife, Mrs. J. N. Averon.
MIfs'LuIu Lodce, O. Foster. From Stockton —
M. Bettencourt. M. Lamers and wife. From
Watsonville — Andrew Silva, Mrs. Flores and
daughter J. J Day, Robert Hudson. From
Salinas— L. W. Carr. Mrs. L. W. Carr, Miss
L. B. Carr. Miss Maria Buck, J. C. Storm,
H. E I'avls. From San Jose — Mr. V. Koch,
A. W. Kaufman. James McKasny and wife,
William McKagny. From Hollister — R. J.
AT HOTEL ROWARDENNAN: From San
Francisco— J. A. Hendrick. Miss Margaret Mc-
DeMtt "Mrs. F. M . Elmendorf and daughter,
Mrs. (Arrio Van Vorst. MiS3 Ulllan an
Vorst. John Anderson, C. A. Sands, A. feeiber
lU-h. Mrs. Robert H. White and daughter. Dr.
and Mrs. Carl Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. J. V.
df Laveajra. Mr. and Mrs. II. G. Maxwell.
M S J?fTers Mr. and Mrs. W. A. . Richardson.
Mien Bazet Mrs. S. Milzn, Toby G. Hughes.
From Oakland— Mrs. Harry P. Carleton, A. O.
Die Mrs. William E. Miles. From Santa
Cruz— Mrs. Peter A. Jordan. Miss Jean For-
Kuess M'.ss Frances Murphy. Miss Lorram
Jordan. >L J. Pake and family. From New
York <"f'y— F. A. Dougherty. Miss Kelsey,
Mrs R. A. McKenny. T. R. Jones. Mr*. H.
D GaskPll. Salt Lak»«: Mr. and Mrs. Lau
rance Irving Scott. Burlingame; Mrs. A. H.
Martin, Miss Martin. San Jose; William B.
Dennett. Fresno.
nedy. T. J. Karanaugh. H. M. Grlfnth. C. W.
Whitney, J H. ITrtJst It. W. Hoffman. John
Mcorie Joseph Morele. C. A. McDonald. H.
Matheson. Peter St. Mary. John F. Kennedy,
R. L. Doran. Mr. and Mra. F.:E. Helmer. II.
H. Tucker. Mrs. J. Haokett, James Uice, A.
C. Gehrct. G. II. Johnston. . Hobart Johnston,
William Eeaii. George C. Clifton, Arch Mac-
Killci). William J. Grudy, Margaret Kerwin.
From Sacramento — J. C. Aramons, E. M. Peck
ett. W. E. Smith. F, C. Ya»er, Mrs. H." Gar
ret t. JameB Druinmoud. J.. F. Dunnigair, Mr.
and Mra William McLaughlin and child.- Sam
Ocick Jim. Ethel Glendenning, Mrs: A. Rtley,
Georpe Hubert Kuss-ell Rodsera. Toney Mar
tin WJlliam Hughes. Mlus Louise Iso. From
Oakland— George Short. Paul A. "^ u^ e -
George Demarais, Jack Norton Jr., A. U flic-
Murray. From Murphys— J.- E. ynne, A.
Raptio. George S. Taylor. Joseph Helmsdorff.
Fn-ni Angela Camp— Dave Hyman, Mr. and
Mrs J. J. Schmadelte. From Stockton —
ClioKter, F. Campb«ll. 11.' R. Squires, A. R.
Kirkland. Mr. and Mrs. .F. Stoetzer. Prom
Aiar>!<vlUe— Avis HopVins. Mrs. Mary Benney.
From Grns^s Valley— Rev. C. M.. Lynch. Jamea
A Chamberlain. From. Woodiand— A\ l.llam
H - LouffUt, L. H. SaulrCF C. C Griffln. From
KniKlus Lar.JinR-J'iH. Huber.F. A. Grimes.
From Red Bluff— William Mattison. F. M.
Wurd Mrs. Woolman. J. A. Waddell, Haw
thorne; William Cooptr, Glen Or.: K 1.
Menke. Auburn; C. I. <Iraham. Davisville; E.
L. Wnllin. Willown; B. O. Lawrence. Stead
man Me.; George K. Fleming. Tehama; T. C.
Brockman. Monahans, Tex.; Gus Soeth. Grid-
Ity Charles Anderson, Seattle; Louis Sakaro.
Arradcr; Mrs. E. Josephs. Portland; Mr. and
Mrs. J. Keeler, Santa Clara; Mrs. Barn,
hart. Chlco; M. O. Holt, Colfax; F. W._Ben
sen Ros-burg. Or.; John Holman. Redding;
S. A. Wilson. CornlnK: Mrs. J. D. Hensley.
Mlnersville: E. Manning, Tulare: Dr G. F.
Shepard Tulare; Curtln Ellis, Los Arige ea,
Mr. and" Mrs. George H. Buck. Redwood City.
AT INDEPENDENCE LAKE: Mr. ami
Mrs. E. N. Englehardt. Miss C. Enslehardt.
Miss Sophie Englehardt. Miss Mary Entfle
hardt. Miss Anne Emrlehardt, MIm Eaeli» En-
Blebarclt, W. S. Perklru". J. B. Shaw. Emma
Greenwood. Cynthia Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. W.
Frear, Mlsa Frear. Mrs. LltUefield. H. Little
field, Aldtn Anderson. Mrs. E. P. Hllborn.
Mrs. J D. Isaacs. Miss Lillian Isaacs. Mr.
and Mr*. J. S. Merrill. ' R. ' D. Merrill. W..A.
Rogers, W. A. Wolf. Ethel L. Marzen. Laura
E. Shl<*I, L. F. Jecher and wife, J. R. Knodell,
J J. SDleker, R. Brown. H. M. Bunker. H.
C. Bunker, Mrs. A. L. House. Marparet
House, Mrs. F. F. BMtwIck, Jaret Bost
wtck, Stewart Boatwlck, J. W. Garthwalte. L.
W. Symmei, E. D. Adams. Janu» Adams, Sid
ney Adams, William Adams, F. J. Cooper.
Mrs F. J. Cooper. Dorothy Cooper. Harold
Cooper Mrs. C. < W. Bush, Florence Bu»h,
Junior Davis. Mrs. William R. Davis. James
Isaacs, Allen Knight, A. L. House. Mr. and
Mrs. George II. Hoppln, . Dr. and Mrs. E. E.
Urownell. Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Barker. Miss
Barktr. F. F. Brownell, W. A. Wolff. 'Hariette
Dlx, Mrs.- Theodore Hume. Mrs. Coombs, Mr.
ami --Mra. A. Beasley. . Mm. T. Bell. . Mr. and
Mrs. W. P. Lyon and child. J. B. Jordan, Mr.
and Mra. George D. Gray. Miss Crny, Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Rowell. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Wor
den Clinton Worden. Helen Worden. Frances
Worden, Mr.' and Mrs. H. A. Pealrs. Marlon
Pealrs. the Nifty Band of Truckee, M.' B.
Kellofrg, Louise Kellogg, T. O. Blakeman. Mr.
and Mrs. A. L. Fulton. Helen Fulton, Mar-
Eraret Fulton. Mr. and Mn. C. G. Dodge and
son, G. S. McMurtry, Mies M. Alexander, Miss
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco^— G. W. Gacan, Miss Jule Conwav,
M. J. McBrfarty, R. O. Hoffman and wife,
Thomas F. Chatfleld. Miss Frances McCarthy,
Miss Marguerit*, McCarthy. Dave Bernstein
and wife, Bernard Hansler. Dr. F. II. Fprshee
and wife, W. H. Hess, W. P. McDovltt, j Ed
ward E. Davis, Georce W. Slade, Mrs. K.
Rellly and Bon. Mrs. N. Pldice, James F. Ma
honey, A. L. McCord. John G. Attrldge, John
J. Tillman, F. D. Monckton and son, James
Drohse, Leon Cavasso, Edward Daly. A. Wal
lace. T. F. Moeller. B. Hauschlld. Charles O.
Vincent, Tom Fraser, J. J. Dignan, Miss
Alice Dixon. J. C. Hall and wife. Mrs. M. E.
Hill, Mrs. do In Brouee, G. de Bacls, O. Paul
sen, G. Minnigan. Al Rollins. L. Rlssman.
Arthur Beyer, Mrs. J. G. Tryford, Mr. and
Mrs. I. Levy, Roy Hughes. C. A. Anderson
and wife, Walter Hoyt, L. Slsenvlne and wite.
Miss Ella Slsenvlne.. Mtsu C. Nolan. Miss
Agnes Kllday. From Oakland— Mrs. H; Mat
thews, W. H. J. Matthews, Mrs. S. C. Hodg
klns. Miss M. Cunningham, O. Peterson and
wife. James Hanley, D. J. Toomey, W. H.
Hess. From Belmont— Mrs. E. M. Otto and
family.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—E. E. KlndlespTre, Mrs. E. E. Klndle
gplre, Frank' Fredericks. Mrs. Frank Freder
icks, H. W. Barnard. Mrs. H. W. Barnard.
H. G. Richards, L. A. Hart, Arf*ur Meyer.
Carl H. Schmidt, A. McCarthy. "Edward T.
Ciprlco, . Miss Irene Clprlco. Miss Gladys
James. FroirivQakland — William F. Burbank.
From Napa — Mrs. W. ( <T,. Dinwoody, George T.
Strohl. Owen Duffy. -*rom i4t. Helena — O. A.
Jursch and wife, G. W. Schmidt, John H.
Wheeler and sons.-
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — A. Brown Mrs. P. Van Annan, D.
(Sullivan and wife,' Genevieve Sullivan, Irene
Sullivan, Allen Knight, Mrs. Eugene Bates,
Helen Bates. Nellie Miller. G. W. Frederick,
N. Blaisdell, Mrs. W. Prescott, Leon Carrou,
W. G. Madison and family, A. E. Madison,
Mrs. L. D. Craig. M. J. Haley, John A. Wlll
non, A. H. Melletr, H. P. Dyer, Miss Blair,
P. L. Ryan, C. E. Musto, Miss Caroline Huff
man. E. B. Louisson. G. L. Epperson, A. L.
Newbauer, C. Mossero, R.I. Whelan and wife,
J. R. Bockman. James T. McUride, G. W.
Gillman and wife. W. K, Lewis. W. B. Hund.
Fred Hund. C. W. Greene. Thomas Ashworth
and wife. B. Sllverman. From Oakland — Mrs.
C. M. Shrader, Henry Zclmer. E. Welll, W.
E. Greene^ W. B. Stanford. Dr. J. M. Shan
non, H. Perkins. F. W. Delhi. From Sacra
mento — P. Gabrielll, F. Gabrlelll, George A.
Capen. F. Morelll, D. Devlne, Will G. Todd,
W. A. Cais-Jvell. Bert Werthelmer, Tom Scott.
Mrs. Ida Kidder. I. E. Flaa, E. G. Marvin,
From San Jose — Julia Farney, Henry-Richard,
S. W. Gllchrlst and wife. William Gllchrist.
From' Williams — King Becker and wife. Miss
M. Becker, Mlsa P. Chandler, J. O. Banks,
Virginia Banks. Miss Amelia Grassher. From
Santa Clara — Miss N. W. Teaford, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Menzel, W. A. Lane. From Marys
vllle — T. H. Steel. From Palo Alto— H. Do
herty and wife. From San Leandro — E. Rogers.
From Walnut Grove — A. C. Eastman. From
Stanford City— H. F. Pllchfelt. From Ja^to
— F. B. Glenn. From Alviao— Mrs. W. W A.
Wood, Ruth Wood. From San Rafael— Dr. J.
'.\': McNear and wife. From Fresno — E. A.
Donohoo, George I. Fries. From Davisville —
J. B. Anderson. Jacob Snyder Jr., Mrs. Jacob
Snyder Sr. From Concord — Ike Smith. From
San Pedro— W. W. Thomas. From Auburn —
Mm. R. B. Fry, Miss Kate Fry, J. O. Fry.
From San Diego— V. O. Rawllns. From Eu
reka — G. C. CreiRhton, G. H. Crelghton. From
Red-v Bluff — A. Cohn. From Lakeport — J. A.
Bruih.aege. Mrs. M. Wllkenson, George 11.
Foree. From Nevada City — Patrick Dillon.
From Woodbrldge — Walter Jahant, C. A. Co
vell. £ From Colusa — G. G. Brooks, Mrs, B. C.
Hughes^ Miss Anna Austin. From Hanford —
A. M. Fredericks. From Berkeley — J. P. Dean.
M. Baker. From Point Richmond — T. J.
Peters. From" Venado — Herman Dunlap and
wife, Willis Dunlap, Clay Dunlap, Herman
Dunlap Jr. From Virginia City, Nev. — M. Mls
serich. From Winters — J. Rummelsbere and
wife. From Cripple Creek, Colo. — Ed Maynard.
From French Camp— C. McReynolds. From Los
Angeles — Mrs. L. D. Taylor, Mrs. R. N. Ding
ley.; James Matfleld. From Weavervllle — Wil-
Ham C. Blxsell. From Woodland — C. F. Hadsell.
Miss H. S. Lee. From Dutch Flat— Ira Hud
«on. Frcm East Lake — W. E. McCullough.
From Alvlso — Mabel Gallagher.
AT MARK .WEST SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Mr. McCall. MIbs Trost. Fred G.
Fraeer, Mrs. Wlndt, Mrs. Marks. Mlsa Mar
garet Drfscoll, Mrs. G. Clark, Mrs. M. Taylor,
Mr. Wagner Charles Bergman, Miss Ida Wein
berg. Miss McCulver, Mrs. M. 1 «;Brown. Mra.
Captain Sandber*. W. Lehman. Master Rothen
berg. Mis« Pauline Holtz. Miss Rosa Sandberg.
Miss B. Cuttler. Mra. J. Welll, H. Zimmer
man. Fred G. Fraser, Mrs. Fraser. Mrs. W .
Han»hleld. J. Sachan, Mrs. J. Sachan.
Frltx Buttelmann. C. Jones,, M. Mil
ler. Mr. McCarty. G. Bolce. Mrs.
Sarah Fosberp, Mrs. E. Walsh, William
Walsh, Robert Walsh. H. Buttelmann, Miss
G. Roddy. From Santa Rosa— Mrs. W. Pillar,
Walter Pillar. Howard Pillar. Dr. R. M.
Bonar, Mra. Lora('ilonar, Parry Bonar, Mrt.
Anna Home, William J. Home. From Wind
tor — A. F. Mlsener. From Callstoga — Mr.
Bowan, William R. Cook, Harry Dexter. From
Vallejo— William Mlllner, Jack Mlllner, Miss
Florence Mlllner, Miss B. Gates, Philip Willl*,
Miss M. Turner, Mrs. Will Turner.
AT AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— William M. -.Uv.ww. P. J. Cam
pion, Thomas Murphy 'E. I'i3. Matta, A. E.
Brown, Mrs. James Lovitt, Vincent Lovltt,
Adolph Johnson C. G. Clinch, .Mrs. C. Rels,
Mlsa Maye Colburn Mr. and Mrs. J. Glavin,
Mrs. M. I. Berliner Ronald Berliner. Miss M.
Glmpel. Miss E. Glmpel D. Hagerty, Mr. 'aid
Mrs. J C. O'Connor, Mr. and Mrs. Harvey,
Dr. and Mrs. J. H. O'Connor, Miss Anna
Donahoe. Jerry O'Conner, Mr. and Mrs. John
J. O'Connor H. Brown N'lcholson. C. 11. Me-
Gulgan. Louis A. Goetz- Miss E. M. Mark?,
Miss Alice C Mark*. |i rank Nolan. J. J.
Poster. Arno R. Tyler. H. Harrlty. R. G.
Wanzel, C. J. Detcrman, C. J. Cummlngs.
J. F. Forster. Mrs. B. Rankln, Mrs. Captain
Miller. Mr. and Mrs Fitzgerald, Norlne Fitz
gerald. E. E. Allopeck. A. Siebold. Mr. and
Mrs. William Hendrlcknon and family, Mr.
and Mrs. H. F. Edsall, Mrs. L. D. Stone. Miss
McMullen, Rev. P. M. Griffln, Henry Rleklefa
and John Barnett From Oakland— Mr. and
Mrs. George H. Jacobus and daughter. T. H.
Cruff, Miss Catherine Bohan and Mrs.
Georpe H. Jeffriess. From San Rafael— Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Schlosser. Mr. and Mrs. J. I".
Moulton and daughter. Mr. and Mrs. A. D.
d'Ancona and daughter and Mrs. E. Godfrey.
From GuernevlUe— William Canavay, Joseph
Madden. M. Johnson Misses Murray and Miss
Kinsella. From Vallejo— Mr. and Mrs. Ber
merscheld. From San Leandro — Mra. C. An
derson. From New York City — Mr. and Mrs.
H. L. Leavltt.
AT LAUREL, DELL llOTEL, Lake County:
From San Francisco— Mrs. William Blgby Jr.,
J. It. Tomrklns, Mrs. N. G. Delman, J. Tood.
W. K. Staley. Mrs. Emily G. Hatton. Emma
I,. Hatton, Dr. R. E. Sykes, A. E. Hunt, I>.
R. Smith, Sir Henry Heyman, Sam E. Walters.
James D. Mirron. Martin Slneer. W. J.
Peterson. Mrs. Kate Petersen, Mr. and Mrs.
II. L. i Detjcn, Dr. J. A. McNear and wife.
S. E. Homer. H. Cohn. E. Darren. Mra. D.
Davis, Miss S. Bernstein, P. II. Bernstein,
Alfred Llpmitn, Gus Rosenberg 1 , Leon de
'Cavasso, M. A, Rapken, T. P. Sherman, Mrs.
T. P. Sherman, "W. Vloled, S. W. Culln, Fred
D. Bartlett, Elbert Cowan, Charles E. Robson,
M. Elllnton, J. S. Rivers, L. J. Marion, David
C. Bloom. J. G. Brady and wife. From Oak
land — Dr. J. M. Shannon, W. B Stani
ford. B ,H. Griffins. W. A. Grover, C. M. Mil
ler, C ' :i Boswell. L. E. Jesseln. R. S. Ham
mer. James Dickie »nd wife, M. D. BuU'ran,
William M. Manning, L. Anker and wife 1 ] L.
D. Gibson. TV E Anker, M. E. Anker, Miss
M. Holma, Miss Dora Nellson. Mrs. J. P.
Sarsneld, Miss Helen Sarsneld, Miss Mercedes
Sarsneld. From Vallejo — Rev. W. A. Netter
vill«. From Lake County — Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Collier. Miss Lutle Collier.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — F. O. Smith. . M. S. Stelnway, M.- H.
CofTee, R. G. IJlphlnHton, Thurlow MeMullln
and wife. Dr. V. E. Raynea, William C.
Empey, J. Frank Bond and wife, Richard
liayne and wire. From Oakland— F. G. East
man and wife.- From Santa Uarbara — Mr.
and Mrs. Loula N. Stott. From Redding — A.
Jaegel. K. M. Quadras. From -Yreka.— A. B.
Raynes. From Lemonle — Dan McKenzle.
From Portland. Or. — Mrs. Thomas B. Foster
and daughter. From Klamath Falls — J. C.
Slgler. From Lansing. Or. — M. R. Pottfr and
wife. From Grand Rapids, Mich. — Nellie E.
Porter. B. C. Porter Jr.
Orr, Mrs. R. J.~Orr 'Mrs Ida Evens, I* M.
Latld.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1001.
WHERE CITY FOLK SEEK REST
Continued on Page 39, Column 2.
38
: : •
aBBIBBBHBBBaaBflBBBaflBBBBBBBaaBEBBDBBBQBBllBl
I BtiI hind Ki rit c At About
! < The season's smartest styles in Mohair, Plain and Fancy
I Alpaca, Wool, Silk and Cotton, all neatly trimmed.
1 Jk * 1 5 400 SUITS Qp £-f|
I 0.W.il j/l/^wfi ;*£°°>™s $400
I KNiTJriNGCO, $ °,!?. sv " s ... ... $4.50
! 60 Geary Street, San Francisco other cradzs in Proportion.
I | OPEN SATURDAYS TILL IP P. M. | TH j S VVEEK ONLY.
IBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBaBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBflflBBBBBBBBfl
_' / ' - __,_.,. ygyy^iAX & LEviysoy.
2r-Inch White f^^ f^' ffl MAIL ORDERS
Mercerized %\v fa " Filled vomptty^
<mmw^^m®m>. . tegs
in choice floral i/^^,, <,„,» c,,H« Cic Goods and Samples
designs, worth 50c, KeaiTiy ailQ bUtter blS. % *-~~*^^^M^\$SfiF shipped upon the day
at 25c per Yard Store Opens 8 , so j}. M ., Closes 5.3O P. M. of Ttctl^ of ° rdcr -
Our Great Semi-Annual Sale of
Undermuslins begins Monday at 8:30 a.m.
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
This eagerly watched for event will interest thousands as our previous Muslin Underwear Sales
have done — and as values are greater than tver we ure certain to triple all former selling records.
They're not odd lots— nor broken lines, but $6,500 worth of new, perfectly made undergarments,
daintily trimmed with 'embroideries and laces. While the sale will continue during the entire week,
we wish to remind you that the first and second days' choosing will, of course, be the best.
Muslin Night Gowns Dainty Corset Covers
At 45c, 65c, T5c, 85c, $1.00 and $1.20 At 20c, 25c, 45c, 65c, 85c and up to $2.50
Fine Cambric Gowns Many Pretty Chemises
At $1.45, $1.70, $1.85, $2.20, $2.45, up to $5.75 At 45c, 65c, 85c, $1.00, $1.25 and up to $3.50
Best Muslin Drawers Choice Muslin Skirts
At 25c, 35c, 45c", 65c, 85c, $1.00, up to $2.75 At 75c, 90c, $1.00, $135, $1.85 and up to $6.00
Superb Qualities of Fancy Taffeta
and Louisine Silks at 50c Yard
(Plrst Floor Kearny St.)
Another of those great Silk Sales — that has made this department famous for value giving.
This time it's a manufacturer's entire surplus stock, bought at a price that allows this extraordi-
nary offering. The lot includes more than 7000 yards of Fancy Taffeta and Louisine Silks — those
handsome, rich fabrics that are now so popular for Shirt-Waist Suits and smart Waists. They are
in the very newest striped and small figured designs, and there's every wanted color, such as
browns, grays, greens, medium and dark blues, gun metal, tans, etc. Dressmakers
and manufacturers should take advantage of this sale, as the price is less than actual C^^
wholesale. Silks that sell regularly at $1.00 per yard — Your choice Monday at vJv/C
Ladies' New Silk Gloves at 50c Pair
(First Floor Kearny St.)
The best Silk Gloves you ever saw for 50c — which means that they are fine quality (we
guarantee every pair) — have two clasps, neatly embroidered backs and double tipped fingers —
colors are black, white, gray, tan, mode,, pongee, linen, red, navy 5iue and brown.
'.f/e have just received a large lot of them, in all sizes, and place the entire purchase
on sale to-morrow at (he extremely low price of, per pair...... ., vJWC
Sale of Leather Suit Cases
(First Floor Sutter Street)
This is the biggest Suit-Case Bargain that has been offered in i very iong time. These handy
articles for traveling are made of the best sole leather, linen lin?d, with shirt flup in the cover —
have solid brass catches and locks — and if bought in the regular way could not <rr- (\r\
be sold for less than $6.50 each. Sale price to-morrow, while quantity lasts... ....... 3>O#UU
Splendid Savings on Ladies' and Gents' Hosiery
(Main Aisle Kearny Street)
Ladies' Fine Hosiery in the most wanted A special purchase of imported Fancy Lisle
styles for present midsummer wear — made of Socks goes on sale Monday. Every pair is in
excellent quality Lisle Thread — some plain the newest ejects and extremely stylish —
black gauze, better known as veiling hose, others many are in black, gray and tan open worlc
are black, .in pret;y lace openwork effects, others are black lace open- .
designs — a dozen exquisite patterns CA/-* worl < witn colored silk embroidered OCr>
to choose from ; regular 75c qualities Jj\JC ankles; regular 50c qualities — to- / ){
— to-morrow at, per pair ;. ' morrow at }: per pair ,. ., W^V
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemiahes ax» removed by
MISS LOI3 GRAY, formerly MR3. DR.
TRAVERSE. Dcnohoe bids., 1170 Market St..
cor. Taylor. rooms 2S-29.wlth the electric needle;
permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
—HI o/lrLv 1 r^^
uriG or DryoOfi § dcsl li ions
¦ — . , — ,
This Swell Picture Free With Next Sunday's Call
DON'T FAIL TO GET ONE
PLACE YOUR ORDER EARLYCaught in Printing Press.
Hugo Simens, a small boy employed
in the printing establishment of E.
Leidecker & Co., 156 New Montgomery
street, was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday for a badly broken
hand. He was printing postal cards
and to save one that had slipped tried
to grab it from under the press. The
press caught his hand, breaking the
bones right across. Although the ac
cident occurred about 9 a. m. it was
noon before the youngster's Injuries
received attention. His employer sent
him to a free dispensary, where he
waited for several hours and was re
ferred to the Harbor Hospital, where
Dr. Millar set the broken bones.
Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules*. •
He cannot have right thoughts of
God who refuses to take thought for
men.
$3 srold pieces given away at our fall open
ing to-morrow and following days this week
In other words 520 new autumn suits special at
¦>io. $«..: new autumn suits special at $17 *••-.
new autumn suits special at ?2O. Don't fail to
come. Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House •
Gold Souvenir Free.
The bachelor officers at the Presidio
were hosts at a pleasant little hop on
Friday night. As usual, the popular
maids from the other posts were pres
ent, besides a' number of town girls.
To be sure, Captain Johnson and his
usual little supper party were much
missed, but Major Stevenson enter
tained a merry group after the hop.
* * 0 *
George Whittell Jr. and Alfred B.
Swinton of San Francisco have arrived
in London and are staying at the Cecil
Hotel. These friends have planned a
trip to Paris and then, moving south
ward, will visit the principal cities of
Italy, thence to Switzerland, before re
turning again to London.
Mr. Cucuel will go to the Orient in a
few weeks for the Illustrated London
News to draw phases of social life in
the Land of the Rising Sun.
Beginning to-morrow, an exhibition
of Cucuel's pictures will be held at
Schussler's on Post street, when his
fellow townsmen may have an oppor
tunity to support or reject the verdict
of the European critics as to the merits
of his art. .*;.'
Among the clever men who toasted
to the further success of the young San
Frariciscan were Maynard Dixon, Giu
seppe Cadenasso, Xavier Martinez.
Robert Aitken, Charles Sedgwick
Aiken. George Sterling and Chester
Fernald.
Though many are the wits and bon
vivants who gather round the board of
the, red room of the Bohemian Club
to make merry over the noonday feast,
not often is there a cleverer group than
lunched there on Friday, when young
EiJM-ard Cucuel, the artist who has
wandered back to his native heath, was
entertained by his fellows-in-art. And
a merry group it was, who toasted —
aye, and roasted— the splendid success
of their guest— the plucky lad who left
San Francisco six years ago and went
to Europe to be discovered. The trib
utes paid to him by his fellows were
warmly appreciated by the wanderer.
Edward Cucuel received his early
training in art in San Francisco, sub
sequently studying in Munich, Dresden
and other. European art centers. He
made a specialty of themes of social
life. It is these that many of his
critics consider the basis of his repu
tation.
By Sally Sharp.
YOUNG ARTIST
ENTERTAINED
AT LUNCHEON
PORTLAND, Or.. July 30.— Dr. J.
T. McNaliy, who is now in Rome and
who was commissioned by Archbishop
Alexander Christie of Oregon City to
petition the Holy See to have the Vat
ican exhibit at the St. Louis Exposi
tion removed to Portland during the
Lewis and Clark fair next year, has
written to Director General W. H.
Goode that the invitation was present
ed to the papal secretary of state, who
cordially' accepted it and assured Dr.
McNaliy that the Holy See would have
appropriate representation at the
Portland fair.
VATICAN EXHIBIT WILL.
BE SENT TO PORTLAND
0
Papal Secretary Accepts Invitation of
the Managers of the Lewis and
dart Fair.
Mrs. . B. A. Phillips, who has been
visiting her sister, Mrs. S. Label, of
San Rafael, will leave this week for
her home at Reno, Nev.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler
left last week on a two months' trip to
New York and other Eastern cities.
On their way home thejj)will visit the
fair at St. Louis.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Fickenscher of
1615 Larkin street will visit the
"World's Fair and Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. William J. Drew have
returned from an extended tour
through Oregon, Washington and Brit
ish Columbia. They are now residing
at their new home, 31 South Broderick
street.
Mrs. William D. Hynes and family
have returned from Vineburg, Sonoma
County.
Miss Rose Brandon and Miss Agnes
Allen are summering at Lake Tahoe.
Robert Crooks, wif^and family are
at the Swanton House, Pescadero.
Mrs. Willner, wife of the Rev^Mr.
Willner of 1027 Buchanan street, left
recently to join Mrs. S. Busch, Miss
Essie and Carl Busch at New York,
where she will take the steamship
Deutschland for an extended visit in
Europe.
Parolini will return next week
'^rom a vacation in the Sierra Nevada
Mountains.
Mrs. Ed McGivney and her little
daughter Genevieve are spending the
summer with Mrs. Susie T. Evans at
her home in Hodson, Calaveras County.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Alexander .(nee
Lapidaire) .have returned to the city
and will receive visitors at 2030 Pipe
street on Sunday, to-day, from 2 J to
5 p. m.
Mrs. Arthur B. Sanborn and her
son, Harold, have returned from their
visit to the St. Louis^Fair. They also
visited Frank Johnson, Mr. Sanborn's
cousin, a prominent banker of Lincoln,
Nebr.
PERSONAL.
w — — —
AT HOTEL VENDOME. San Jose: From San
Francisco — J. Edwin Innes, F. S. Moody and
family, Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle, Douglass
MacMonagle. Mrs. C. L. Best. Miss Best, Miss
Kathryn Dillon, Miss Patricia Cosgrave. Mrs.
P. F Mitchell. Maurice Casey. C. S. Quick,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs.
P. J. Weniger, J. C. Kennedy, J. E. Forgarthy,
W. M Smith. C. S. Hooker, Mrs. Hooker, Miss
Hooker, F. .H. Dunne, H. D. Sheldon, J. L.
AT 6ODA BAT RESORT: From San Fraff
dsco—Miss Annia Williams, Chasselle Wil
liams, E. C. Gilbert. Miss Eleanor McHenry.
Miss Marie Lehman, Miss Clara Lehman, Mies
Gussie Tanforan, Mrs A. J. Rocca, Mrs. W.
II. Findley, M. Katz, Mlas Edythe Pollard.
M, A. Pollard. C. H. Aregan. Joe CShairar
nessy. M. J. Heffernan. J. A. Heffernan. Vin
cent Butler, J. C. Sheehan, Fred Ricefni, Mrs.
M C. Sheehan, Frank Miller. Dr. A. >C. Rulf
son Jr., J..A. Cahill and wife. John Farnham,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Carmany, Thorn
hill Carmany, Jamea Cullocartd wife,
A. Butler, Mrs. H. EchoenhoW Miss Eva
E. Schoenholz, S. Hertzmann, David Bloom,
Miss Belle Goldman. Mrs. James A. MagU^,
Lillle M Harris. Mattie McLeary. W. Violich,
T. P. Sherman and wife. William Houser. Wil-
Tlam Fay, Philip Johnson. P. J. Traynor, Henry
l^achmann Irving S. Rosenblatt, Miss Lllla
Sisenvine, 'Miss Ella Sisenvine, Miss F. Sisen
vlne. Eugene McCoy, E. J. Donovan, W. J.
Butler, Mrs. Etta McCoy, Miss Osmond, Miss
N. McCarthy Frank Stock, Susan H. Stock,
Mrs Fannie Stock, Miss Mathilde FruU, John
F. Mier and wife. John H. Rodgers, j". H. C.
Boden, Henry Lutzen, Henry Steiglitz, H. F.
Williams, C. S. Harrmann. Clark Smith from
TJkiah. Hester Adam* from Witter Springe.
Grace McMurtry f rom " Vacavllle. Vena Craw
ford. Ella Young, Charles Voight from Lake
port; George Gopsovltch from Petaluraa, Henry
Ehvert from Alvarado. From Oakland — M. J.
Laymance, Hazel Laymance, Grace Liymance,
C. H. King, Mrs. L. E. Prindle, Mrs. Janet
Spencer, Mrs. Denis Spencer. Mrs. Wells Whit
more, James H. Robinson, Walter & Robinson,
Miss Flora Le Noir, Mrs. M. Hansen, Elise C.
Murray. M. Heille, Howard E. Hansen. Miss
G. F. Hansen. Mrs. M. C. Robinson. Mr. and
Mrs. Gilbert L. Curtis. Miss Lillian Ashton,
San Rafael; William C. Bireell, Weaverville;
O. E. Lawrence and wife, Lodl; Gus Hlsigus,
Pptaluma; William London, Alvarado; J. H.
E. Rellley. Bakersfleld; F. M. Cuyler. Berke
ley: Alexander R. Baum, Master Alexander R.
Baum, Alameda.
Wreeentrofe. J. Blunt. George Stage. Mr. and
Mrs. Gulna. Frank Gulna, Akers brothers.
Thomas Corman. Ralph Crum, S. S. Simons,
L. P. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Casey, Dr. P. M.
Honder. Dr. C. S. Frazer, Rev. P. Strome,
Rev. M. Strome E. H. Clyne Joseph C.
Bonn, Joseph Sullivan, Charles Foley. T. S.
Herrill. Peter Frost, Jake Hansen. Minnie
Hansen. S. P. Sawyer and J C. Stecton. From
Sacramento— P. F. Flnley. George G. Parker,
E. M. Tobin, SaaIe~Cohen, Emma Parkes. Mr.
and Mrs. Talcott. Mr. and Mrs. Hynes, James
Conrad. Lottie Conrad. Joseph P. Sullivan,
Mrs. S. T. Sturken. B. B. Merrill. . G. P.
Blane, John Roeier"H. Sheridan. Mr. and Mrs.
Stock. Fred Reccomi. Mrs. O. Wallace, -X.
Silverstein. Thomas O'Brien. John Hood. i£
J. I^uke and B.' Devin. From Oakland — Mrs.
R. D. Willis, Mr. and Mrs. Ivey, May Hfr
engton, Mr. and Mrs. Robinson. A. Toeller.
George P. Benole, W. W. Parker, George
Glblin. Dave Hagerty, T. M. Little, Charles
Harris. Joseph Dives. William Stevenson,
Benjamin James, G. S. Cane. Miss Haley,
Miss Stanley, Mr. and Mrs; Cook Mr. and
Mrs. Colbert. J. C. Flnley. M. M. Brown and
J. P. McCarthy. From San Joee — p. H., Hel
ler Mr. Bowen, Mr. Taylor, George Selby,
Mr. and Mrs. London. Abe Morse. Arthur
Page, G. C*. Oliver, 3JT. S. Sampson. L. C.
Travey Mr. and Mrs. Henghs, Lulu Murphy,
K: Hill. A. Loughlln. J. P. Lousthlln. Mrs.
Rane and family. J. C. Everts Carl , l'arks,
Arthur Kohler. .1. S Fink. P. C. Daroy. H.
J. Hagerty. M. Cunningham. From Oakland—
J. H. Hunt Belle Singer. Rose Greenlee. Fred
G. Perett, Mrs. S. Gerrott. W. J. Cambroell.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. O. B. Richard. C. A.
Clark. J. T. Donleavy. Henry Lackman, M.
S. Rosenlad. B. Walsh and P. Connelly.
EtiHnger Robert Hyman. E. S. Wheeler. C
P Jacobson, Mrs. Jacobson. Mrs. A. J. Lewis.
Mrs. E. A. May, Edson Bradbury. Mr. and
Mrs. D. H. McEwen, Miss McEwen, Mr. and
Mrs. J. O. Bradney, D. A. Me^eod, Charles
H. Botkin and family. Miss E. Lieb. Mis3 M.
Lieb, Mr. and Mrs. W\ Roche, Miss Elsie
Rodenbury Mr. and Mrs." S. L. Dinkelsptel,
Miss Sophie Dinkelspiel. Levy Dinkelsplel, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Cummlnga, W. E., Hess, Mr. and
Mrs A. Gautenbauch. Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Robertson,* Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Dlmmond, R.
Fowler Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Clay, Miss- Barry,
Mr. Brock Mrs.. Carl C. Gross, Mr. and Mrs.
J Hyman, C. A. Wood, Miss Hilda Fauhheimer,
Miss E Fauhheimer. H. C. Burr Jr., Miss
Cornish' H. G. Howell. Frank 0'Kanj, Mrs.
J. B Shroeder. Toby G. Hughes. Everett N.
Bell, 'Mr. and Mrs. R. Gallagos, Mr. and Mrs.
William Morris, Edwin L. Snell, A. W. Gunn,
Harry Armstrong, Mrs. Philip Caduc. W. A.
Gribble J. W. Hogran. M. Mohler Jr.. Miss M.
A. Williams, Mrs. Thomas Steiner, Miss Maisie
Steiner, Mrs. Charles M. Plum. •-.
Continued From Page 38, Column 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
WHERE CITY POLK S EEK REST
39
Tired of working for wages?
Read our BUSINESS CHANCE
COLUMNS. :.';^
Splendid opportunities for in-
vestment. © , -
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Bf WVfffm V*
icALI FORNIA %
\ LIMITED TO CHtCACOg
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDA YS B
• : at O:7tO a. in., tliroug-li In 3 days.&a
i« with diner and all trapping's. V4
Other Santa re Trains:
l'\n *" I for Stockton . Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. J Merced . Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. ni. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrFICES — 641 Market St. «iad
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA N0RTBWES16RN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIIiVTAY COMPANY.
Tibnrca Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAN TEANCISCO TO SAN KAFAIX.
TV'EEk DAYS — 7:C0. 8:0o. 8:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:00, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
| 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:^0. 11:SO p. m.
SAZT RAFAEL TO SAW PSAXTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. 6:50 7:35, 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS-r«:5C, 7-.S5, 0:20 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tKxcept Saturday.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
Ean Fran, f May 1. 19t>4. | San Fran.
. -WeekT ?un- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I dayg.J tlcn. | days. [ Daya.
~~ 7:^0 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a S:40a
8:00 a 8:. # ;0a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a.
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:00 p t5:i'0p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7 :30 a 7 :3oT 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:.'Wa Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 pi 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
> 7 :30a 7^0 » 10:20 a 10:20 a
fi:00a 8:C«ia Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
j Windsor. |~ ~"
7:30al 7:30a Healdsburg. 10:20al0:20a
1 Lytton.
2:30 p! 2:30 p Gr-yi-erville. 7:25 p 7:25 p
| Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hor'and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:.'M)p| and Ckian. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
j j Will its. I I
7:30 a] 7:30 a! Eherwcjd. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8.:00a| 8:00 a| Guemeville and 110:20 al 10:20 a
2:.'J0p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
S:00a| 8:O(»al j 8:40 a 8:40 a
&:10p OiSOa] Sonoma. J 6:00 p 6:20 p
I E:H>p; KU«n. ( 8:45 p
7:30 a 7::;0a! 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:3'» p 2:.>op| SebastopoL | 7:25 p «:20p:
""STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White '¦
Sulphur Sprinsb and Mark West Springs; at
Kulton for Uurke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for Skaggs
feprings; at Cloverdale for tlie Geyeera, Boone- I
\il!^ and Gieenwood; at Hopland ffjr Duncan !
Springs. Highland Sprincs. Kelseyvilie, Carls- j
tad Springs, Soda Bay. LmJceport anj Bartlett ;
Springs; at L'k'.ah lor Vichy Smlnsrs. Saratoga
Sij-iiifts. BUie Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter ¦
Spring^ Dpper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
Jchn Day's, Riverside. Lierl<\v's, BuckneH'a,
SacheJrin IJ'JRhts, Hullville. Orr's Hot
fciirir-es. Halfway House. Compt^he. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendorino City, Fort Bra^g.
Westport. Usal; at WllUts for Fort Bragp.
Westport. Bherwood, Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
v.lie. Cummins, Bell's Siiring-", Harris, Olsens.
Dyer, <Jarberville, 1>1 j»crwood. Scotia aod
Eur«4>a.
Saturday to Monday lound-trip tickets at re-
duotd rates.
On Kundwy* — Kotrn<1-tHp tickets to all points
beyond San naJact at half. rates.
Ticket Offioe. t;50 Market street. Chronicle
buiMlnj.
JAS. L. FHAZIER. R X. HTAN,
C*n. Manager. Oe-n. Pats Agt.
{*2STi»7??SS3E^ol TOSANRAFAFI
IftMSWal ROSS VALLEY J
EEf-tSraA £>*££££( £j£j rrwrr t \T A T T T7 V
Wi7&^]£F£&& VALLiii,
rSBW^M CAZADERO, Etc.
•K^^Sl^^i^Sl via Sausalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:-o, 7:10. 7:-»5, S:30, O:la. 10:00, 1X:O<> a. m.
<ll:40 a. rr- Suusalito orjy), 12:20, 1:43, a:13,
4:00, 4:30, 5:15. 5:50, 6:25, 7:13. 9:00, 10:20,
11:35 p. c:. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:15, S:30. 51:15. 10:00. 11:00, H-10
a. m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 3:15, 4:00 4-35
i S.15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. »:15. a:00. 10:20, 11:35
p. :n.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days fl-17
-:«•, 7:35. S:16. S:45. fl:.-{0, 10:20. 11:05 a- m
12-.U5. 1:23. 2^60. 3ia5, 4:20, 5:05. 6:40. 6:is!
<;:M>. 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45 205
6:50 v. ni.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m
3:15 P- ni.. 6:13 P- m. (ex. S^.). On Sundays
and leiral holidays at 7:45, 8:30. o : i 5> i 0: fX)
11:00. 11:40 «. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30 715
and 8:15 p. m. _ "
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Caradero and way etatlona
9:15 «u m. Sundays only— For Point Key"*;
" 3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc,
5:15 p. tn. <:ally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc
7 :15 p. ni.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. ,
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market Bt. . ,- -
FEKRY- Un-'cn Derot. foot of Market at.
AMTJSjEaiEXTS.
O« Week Commpncing 1 THTS AJTTTR- X
S NOON. July 31. «
Second and Last Week of th» S-aa*. M
§ tlon of Two Continents. W
The "World's Most Graceful and Darias §
§ Trapeze Perfonner. O
1 1 A BIG, NEW A ||
I 4 ACTS. 4 I
O The Eminent Comedians, Jq
8 OLIVE MAY and I
I J.W.ALBAUGHJR. g
W Presenting "THE GIRL. FROM A
§ KANSAS." by Grant g
Stewart. Jj
'O The Premiers of Eccentric Comedy. §
i McGabe, Sablne & Vera I
A In Their Latest Creation. "THE) S
r* ARRIVAL, OF KITTT «
5 McCarthy." O
| Les Oiopas §
V% EuropVs Greatest Musical EquUtV §
§ rlstlc Novelty. £
I Hughes Musical Trio |
ft In Their Refined Entertainment. O
I EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR I
8 la Thslr New and Original CreaUon. $
g "WHATS THE ANSWER?" X
I MARCUSandGARTELLE |
o ' Comedy Skaters. Ci
| Orphetim Motion Pictures |
O. Showing the Latest Novelties. <$
« — S
O Last Week and Tremendous Success of ¦O
6 the Grand Operatic Trio. if>
i EDITH DECKER, DOMENIGO I
i RUSSO and SIG. ABRAMOFF |
X In the Prison Scene from "FAU3T." '^
O Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Cf
ft Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. O
Q Prices — 10c, -5c and BOc. J^
Eeglnair.s: Monday.
CHAKLE3 FP.0H1IAN Presents
la th»
LAST 7 PERFORMANCES !
Of Madelelna Lucett* Ryley's Dainty Comedy,
MICE AND MEN
Unnriau HENRY MILLER la the First
l7.UIIUd]t American Production of Henry
IIIC Arthur Jores' Masterpiece. Direct
MUU> from the. Haymarket Theater. Lon-
8. aon - JOShPH ENTANSLEQ
With aa Extraordinary. Augmented Cast.
MISCELLANEOUS.
UOTITGD STATES BBANCE
SX/\XE7V\ErST
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHERN ASSURANCE
COMPANY
OF LONDON, IN ENGLAND. ON THE S1ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for th»
year endins on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of CaJi-
' fornia. pursuant to the provisions of Sections
lilu and till of tlr; Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $163,000 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,533,545 00
Cash in Company's Offlca 7.717 fl.)
Cash in Banks 162.577 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgasea . 10.676 23
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 497.900 S3
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. no 7li
Total Assets $3,400,437 SU
LIABILITIES. ~^"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $71,727 74
Losses in proofs of Adjustment
or in Suspense 144,431 45
Losses resisted, including expenses -tl.Tii^Dl
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning 1 one year or less, $2,00$.-
•-•U) 01; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,004,134 SO
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,521,-
725 78: reinsurance pro rata 842,778 37
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rents, etc 500 CO
Commissions and Brokerass du»
and to become due 70,333 33
Return Premiums and Reicsxiranca
Premiums 119.0M 50
AH other Liabilities 2,003 CJ
Total Liabilities $2,502,833 OH
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net cash actually received for Fir«
.premiums .'..$2,305,053 83
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 05,347 73
Received for Rents 7,000 00
Received from all other sources.. 8. 4t>0 23
Total incom $2,413.890 83
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount raid for K!r« Losses
(including $14,.S0o 46. losses of
previous years) $1,070,038 99
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • • ¦ • 331.122 93
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerka. etc.. 131,41t> 43
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • • Y 7<XS1* «*
All other payments and expendi-
tures - 717,010 62
Total Expenditures $2,369,906 45
Flrft.
Losses Incurred during tte» year. .$l.HS,830 l.t
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlnc the
year 5233.971.041 $3,338.37813
Net amount of Risks!
- expired durin* the!
year I 211.973,611 2.W8.6M42
Net amount In force)
December 31. 10A.J. . [ 30S.2S3.1H 3, 529, 394 70
____ GEO. W. BABB. Mar.azar.
Subscribed ami sworn to before me, this
27th day of January, 19O1.
GEO. H. CORET.
CommlJ'sioner for California in New York.
Western Department, Chicago.
G. H. LEKMIT, Maaazer.
San Francisco Office, No. 230 California St.
Walter J. Wilson, Resident Manager.
Atips! & Bruckman, City Agents,
No. 209 Sansocia St. Tel. Main 5781
iWfiejflyCaHLOOiierYGar
_ AMUSEMENTS.
I GRAND SSSft
I WEEK BEGINNING MATINEE TO-DAY
\ JAMES NEILL/
rS" BRONSON HOWARD'S 'V^
GREAT MILITARY DRAMA,
FIRST TIME AT |
15c 25c 50c I
.^GALIFOP.NIA^
BT (D MATINEE TO-DAY. 1|
H II Third Week of Special I P
H i. Melodrama Season. j . H
1 15c Elmer Walters Go. «5c |
H ===== Presenting the Sensation- == H
&i al Stage Version of H
M QC n the Great Buffalo OC. |j
¦ LuL Elopement. £JL ™
1 = The Buffalo == j
I [Site Mystery H 1
H [ COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS- [ B
Last two times to-day of
To-morrow, Monday. Gigantic. Spectacular Bur-
lesque Production,
THE WHIRL OF THE TOWN
Greatest New York Casino Success. ¦
Cast of Unexcelled Artiets.
DOROTHY . MORTON, NORA BATES,
FIX)FSIE HOPE (reappearani-e). ' RICE AND
CADY. BOBBY NORTH, EDWIN I'UItK,
BEN DILLON, LIONEL LAWRENCE (spe-
cially engaged).
Prize Slnglnsr Chorus of Forty.
00 Actual Novelties and Specialties.
Night. 25c, 50c and 75c. Sat. and Sun. Mat-
inees. 25c. andoOc. Children at Matinees. 10c
1 and "jo.
' TIVOLI S®.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
OF THE OPERATIC SENSATION,
ROBIN HOOD
MONDAY EVE.. Aug. 1— First Produc-
tion in Kan Francieco of the Whirlwind
English Musical Comedy Triumph, THE
Usual Tivoli Prices — £3c, 50c, 73c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
A T r< A T A T> Belasco' & Mayer,
ALCAZAR IsfesS
*-...-. ¦ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
MR. WHITTLESEY XX
RUPERT OF KENTZAU.
Eve . 25c to 7.">c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.,' 25c to 5Cc.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WKEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
WHITE | And Die Alcazar Stock Co. |
WHITTLES EY
In a Special Production of
XMP I MJD'V Bulwer-Lytton'a
1 "*—- *^ i ~l i -' JL Charming
OP L/YONS Love Romance.
MR. WHITTLESEY as CUAUDB. •
EUGENIE THAIS LA WTON as PAULINE.
(Her First Appearance at the Alcazar.)
Monday, Au*. S— MR. WHITTLESEY In
P\UL N. POTTER'S COMEDY. "SHERIDAN,
OR THE MAID OF BATH."
Market Street, Near Eighth. . .Phone South 833
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME
Of the Thrilling Play,
I GATES OF JUSTICE |
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL, NEXT WEEK.
Matinees' Saturday and Sunday,
Massive Presentation of Kirk La Shelle's Big-
rest ' Success in Years.
The New Heroic Drama,
Sergeant James
A Tremendous Scenic Sensation!
PDIPCC Kveninjrs ....UK: to COc
1 1UCC3 Matinees 10c, 15c. 25a
AMUSEM_EXTS.
COURSING
PARK
P. J. KEItLY Judge
JAS. F. GRACE Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JULY 31.
Ladies' Day
CHAMPION STAKE
—AND—
RESERVE EVENT
*
...GBEAT SPORT AND...
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE EVERY
THREE MINUTES."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WAYS.
Leaves Third and Towns«nd streets 10:15
and 1 p. m.: Twenty-flfth and Valencia sts>.
five minutea later. Returning at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSIN^ PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Cbarslns will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until ttaa last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mlscton-st. cars tranjfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAQ. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
CAMPBELL. AND JOHNSON; CHARLES P.
LOWE: DERV1N: EDNA GRANT;
"MIKE." FOSTER'S DOG; SULLY AND
PHELPS; MABEL , L.AMSON AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
3 BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO!
AMATEUR NJGHT THURSDAY
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
SAN FRANCISCO *&? -
BY AUTOMOBILE c|^fe^
call JPI^lg®
MOBILE CABBIAGS CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. ar.d GOUGH SX,
Phone Private Hxchange 770.
Downtown offices — Court Palaca Hotel; Lobby
Bt. Francis Hotel; Lobby, ©t Occidental HouL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
/5TC\ Trmi»i lemr* »»d »r» dm*
fc/^^^W\8Ay FBANOISOO.
y\ t*o* ici.T a, ud
"V <q^^%S/ T*x«t Dcror
>LC \j/ fToet «f Ukrket EDMt)
>»*'« ~ MAIN LINE. -.»»»nr,
TJOa V»c«rt!ie. W'cten, Buuaej. 7.£Up
JSf&tk. Bnlc'.t, Elmlrsftsd S»cr»niesto_ 7.20p
7£8a v*.'it}o K»s». CaHitoff*. 6»oU
Uom. Varttim. 6»b lUatoo 6-28P
7-50* J*!:e».Tr*cy. La'Jirop, 8v>ckroo.... 7.20»»
L03a EfcarM Exprew — CP* I)»t'.i\
w : : •=-.( (for Btruett Sp.-'nyi». \
vrVtow*. -Kriiic. U«1 BIhC.
?orV*.*4. Taeoma. SmiUle 7-59^
¦4Ca rn ¦.!-. *a oo-i »rd. KnlcbU I.*nc:ng.
Mir;n: •. Chloc. UroTllie 7E0p
• -5C* Port (..in MtrUarz. AoUocll.
Brroa. Tr*c». Btocktoo, Sew-
ir.an, Loa Hascn. H'cJoti,
ArmoDt. Hattford, Vii»!!»,
Port^rrllle 4.20*
I Z0* Pen (¦?;-.. Modoto. Merced.
Frraoo. Gocben JaacUoo, U»u-
*cr<i. VltRlt*. I)»ker«fi«:d 4,50p
S-5Ca VOca. Ean Jote, Llreraore, Stocfc-
' -.. --MI'Ujii .. loce. Sacramento,
KarrnUte. Cbteo. Bed Elr.ff 4-20P
I 5C» C-fc» it '. Chinese, Jamettowa, So-
Borv Taolczcot and Ancrl* 4 20p
fl 07a At'n , :!<; F-ifrvs* — Osdeaand Itaai. 6.20P
£-SCa BIchmoDd, klartlaex aad Way
~:*::on» ., 6 5Bp
TCfitATte OTer:*»d Limited — ogdem.
Omaha, Cfckeago, OeaTer, Kanaal
CitT, Sw Lool» «20p
1000a Tal.ejo 12-20P
tG-OOA Loa Acrrlei Piiwurr — Fort
Co»u^ Martian. Uyron. Tracy.
1 -thr.jp. Stockton. Merrrd.
IlaTmoad, F;e«vo. Goahra Joac-
i "i). Has 'ord. Lemoore. Vtaalla.
nskerr9c)v !/>• Aniftln 7.20p
If. 80m r-»m»'c. Klleiand Way Stattoat. 3-20i»
%M)CP S»crar»entoII!Ter SieaniTB t11.Q3P
HOP Beelcta. Wlntera. eacrameoto,
Woo<1la.Bd, WlMowt. Ka!rbta
Landtsc MaryiTi.>. OrurUle
and way atatloai 1BB0*
I -5C p Ear ward. Kilea aad Waf Statlont.. 7 Mp
4-CCp Uart1nez.SaBUamoD.Va;ieJo,Iiapa.
Callrtoca. Santa I^mi S 20a :
4 CCp Mift, Tracy, Slock-.«n. IjoU 4.20p
4iCPHayward. Kflea. Irrlngton. teat tB.&OA
Jom. Ll*ennore ) JII.&Da
l-COPlbe Owj Limited— Newman. Los
v *>n f . Vrodoia. Frefco, Tulare,
- m BakenBeid-LoaAagelea 8-Ma
TSS9» Faywari, Mloa and .-an Jo«e 7^0a
£ CO tieyward. KHevand Saa Joa« 9 SOa
tX'C't £a«irro Expreaa— Ordcn. Hmmi,
Ctalcairo. Denver, Kao&ao Ctty,
ft.Lo»'a. TlaMar'tcex. f tockvon,
bacramecia. Co!faz. I>no 1250^
I C3p V»:,ejo, daily, »xc*pt Saadar.... (. t r n .
7XCPV«:!ej o :enadayo«!y .....\ 7 * Q *
7M6f Kybmcad. £*n Pablo. Port Coata,
N«uaei and Way Station* 11.20a
7£0»r.rBo Pai»fD£»r— Port Costa, SuJ-
»oa. Kia'.ra. Dar1». Sa<:ran>ento.
Tmckre, Lake Taboe. Eeno,
Toi>»«h. Pp»rk« 7-EOa
f Cop Port Cocta. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Uodetto.
MeTcei. BerenSa, Fre«ao and
Wty Ftatinns beyoud Port Cocta 12-20P
C-OSp To»ens!te Valley, -rit. Brreeda and
Wtwfiii 8.50a
8. PSp Martlcex.Trafy. Cior kton 13.20a
¦ -Cop Oregon * CalTornia Exprefa— Sao-
raaento, » MarjtrlHe, fi"- Misg,
Portland. ¥o get Fonsd i ad E*it. 8-50A
t-10P Hay ward, ITIlca and Ban Joee (dua-
caycnly> 11.50a
COAST LINE Harrow Vncft).
«r»it of .Market Street.)
*-4»A SastaCrcx Exccr»!o7»<enn<Jayon!y) 8-IOp
C16a Newark, OeoterTli'.t, Pan Joto,
Feltoa, BoulderCreek. BffrBaala,
6anu Cruz and Way StiUona... 6 55p
Tt-iOA AlTarado. Kewark. Pan Jo»e, Lo«
Gatc«.&i*!nwoo4, Feltos. Boolder
, mr Creek. B'gEaii'.a. Fanta Crnz... 810p
fZ-lbP rewarfc. CenterTilie. San Jote,
Kew Almaden.Lo* Ga:o«.Fe;toB,
Bonlder Cr»«k, &anta Cr«a and
Principal Way Station* 10-S5a
4.16»> Newarlt, Saa Joee. Lo« Gato* IS-ESa
4.15" Wright. Roofer C1»»k and Santa
Crnz. Satorday and f-uuday only. 48 5bA
COAST LIN~E (Uroarf -»« C e>.
P* < 1 bird ami iownaead Streeta.)
"B.ICa Rtn Jote and Wa"y~SUf!oni JBJ'fp
t7CQA Sa.a .Joee and Way Station B.40P
7.15a Monterey aad feaeta Cruz Exccr-
*!o» f5undaj-on!y) IO.SCp
• .00* Sew Atmaden fTuea., Frtd.. only). 4.13*
• 0C*1b- Coacter— San 4o«e. SaUoaa.
Raa Ardo, }•»«.¦> Rol>>«. Ftot»
MarraritA. Ean I.i".« ChUno.Kanu
Barbara, tan Uaeaareainra.
Movuiro, Oxnard, OurDaak, Lot
Angelea 10-45P
fJKJACllroy. HolTtaier. CaatroTin*. Del
Msnte, Pacitc Orore, Surf, Lem-
for....... „„..... ... 10-45*
9.03a taa Joee, Tre* Plaoa.WatfrreTtli^,
C«vr>ltola. baiita Croc, Parlfic
Grove. fo!1aaa. Ran L- » Otila^o
and PrinclBftl Way f>U!:ot». ... < ir>
IC^Ca Saa Jo»e and TT»y &tatk>n* 1.20P
il It* t^:u Clara, it'.-, .loir. Ui Glto*
and Wey Station* 7.30t»
1 JOp f-ac Jo*e and Way Statical 8 SSa
tZ-OtP&e! Mode Kzpre»« (except Soa-
rtar ) — Eaata <^ara, fean Jo»«s.
Wtt*4!ifi:i«!. 5anta Cror. DeJ
Moit:e. UoBterer. PaciecGrore. f12-1Sp
J^t-* rt'iir /n.mi-, S«n Jooe. Gflroy, Hol-
li»ter. Trea Plno«,ra)«ro,WatK>o-
t" *.. Can! tola. Sofa Crui. Catv
trorUle. Salinas. PaclOr GroTe... 19 4Sa
4.I0t- t-aa Jwf and Way Statit>ns 00a
tSQQP&aut* Clara. San i<»*.. Is* Gatoa,
'<\ :'?::¦- and principal Wkf bt»-
Uo»»<eicepr tuiday) +9.00a
{S 13= b*BJoaeec«irrlsc<p*!1T«yetatlona O.<uA
t i5»tirr,Hi v -*:-»>• - H>.|*-o«-rl. <au
J<xe.Gl!rvy.£aitnar.Paso ICobie*.
fcan L«ila OuUpo. Mnt.'v B«ri«ra.
;.c» A tp ¦.-;»». !••::¦!.'. j. Y^ Pi so,
»»cw U r ieana. K'w i"ork 7.10*
6<5pra]aro. WataocTine. Ca?:to!a. \ t1f , -.
Panta Crcz. CajtroTilie, Dei \\ 12t§S
Uonte, Pa«ite «ro»e \ Tlu«bP
•t IS? tatiMaieo.Berecford.UeltDOBt.&ia
, tArloa. liedwood. Fair Oaka.
l**olo Park. Palo Alto t6^8a
t 23p and Way suumi 6 5Sa
8X0p Falo Aito »r,d Wny Sniioii 10.15a
11 -iUP £.tuiii i-nsfr»ui:iK-«. Millbrae, Bor-
V&ganic, Saa Mau-«. Uelmoct,
Nia Csrtoa, E»-dvoo<l Fair Oafci,
* Menio Park, and PaJo All* 845p
•11 SflP M«yBeJ«U Mountain Vltw, »unty-
»»lc, LawrcBce. Santa Clara and
u,)ow t9.45>
A tor Uorilic. 2' ror After Boon. '
tSoadayeiceptad. 1 6owl«r only
t. batardaj o»ly. * Monday cwly.
_ ltsvupa at ail at»tt»J •* ftmjukal.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L—.- Tk Ubi»W« r>rrj ArrlFe
' '-a'307 ££<£&£& 12;4Sr* 8:*5a
1000a HsSSfiw 2:05 r*l 1:05 a
ifl-66'i 1 : 00a W^ISy 3:35 r 3:35 r
1-45 p 220 r 6:40 r 6:15i
I < ; 36 r 8:50 p
trirrir 1626 Mar. kctKt. <Ncrth Ishore Ra'lroadJ
Vr"L I UnC btfiuw F***y. Toot Market «.
OCCQOCOeeOCOCe<?OGQSG9O<58CGeCOe©Ge3£OO©O©60®9O
|. Dry Goods '^^^^^ Company, 1
o ©
5 . ©
S I o« ¦ l •
o New Crepe de Chine— 200 pieces including the favored shades §
J in mode— "lama" and "antelope"; green— "artichoke" and g
g 'laurei"; blue— "admiral" and "yacht*'; brown— "Manila" ©
S and "Havana." \ %
g Fancy Louisine and Taffeta Silks— In the dainty small &
• Jacquard effects for suits that now mark the style. • %
g -— _____ _______ ©
| EXTRA SPECIALS! 1
J Crash Pongee Silks— For suits, in all fashionable shades for •
£ the season, will be marked down from $1.50 a yard to. . 4 ** %
2 $1.00 •
• Striped Wash Silks— For suits and waists, that were 50c a yard, o
o will be placed on the counter to dear out immediately, at §
® bJC ®
o •
0 Fall Taffeta Silks— 300 pieces of the guaranteed quality in „ g
2 shades and tints to match the new woolens, yard /DC 9
g ' *
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
O £
• Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square- O
oocoocoooocoecaoQocoocoeaeooGoooocoesooeoooco
_ AD\^ERTISE>CEyTS.
0G9o©oo®oeo©e©oeooe®®Q«f3o©oooo©ccooooeo©ooo
.^P ft Opening
¦*'*''•¦¦ JF ' '?'¦ -ixS I A *lfc I I
and Winter
Season,
'^flkSI W04-1905.
f Newest Style Ideas,
' I f SI^BP*^ Fascination of Designs,
i\ if^jsgm Elegance of
% $*' {^W^BBk Construction,
J W! I Im»^ Latest Effect m
iti^ UNAPPROACHABLE
m prices.
Elegant Tailor-Made COSTUMES, TOURIST SUITS,
"The Mikado" TOURIST JACKETS,
CRAVENETTE COATS, DRESS SKIRTS,
18 and 27 Gore Pleated SKIRTS, Cloth CAPES,
Fur JACKETS and Fur CAPES,
MISSES* and CHILDREN'S COATS.
* THE PUBLIC MOST COKDlAiLT XZHTXTBD.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
_____AI>VERTISEMENTS.
If You Want a Good
Trunk or Bag
A. B. Smith Co,,
116 E!Hs, above Powell.
have just the article you are
looking; for. We carry every
style of Trunk, Bag; or Suit
Case*
, Buy <d*3f|n
PBUIyWj POCO and i
~ r KORONA Cameras I
at a trreat reduction fof a short time. |
POCKET POCO. 3ii@-Mi. Rm;. I
price $0. Our prlc<* JjfO.OO I
KORONA PETIT. 3%z4>4. R»e. I
price $(».5O. Our price $i: t :tr> I
Same vlth rack and pinion. Price I
$11. Our prlre ... .. .. ..?7.35 1
SUNSET BAZAAR I
42 Third SawI=Vawc»sco. ft
Pai^rA D0NT FAIL TO
I dldtC see the beantifui
j COURT Lounging
a fi fl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
T — . J PALM R °OM, the
(fftlflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
II ixii DIES' WRITING
notels room.The Russian Government intends to
distribute, next year a.sum ( of over
$150,000 as a subsidy to private steam
ers on the rivers Amur, Petchora and
Lena, and their affluents, and on Lake
Baikal, for the transportation of mail
matter 'at' regular" Intervals.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— Arrived July SO-Stmr Parisian
from Montreal for Liverpool
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 8fr— Star Ajirliaa
for Boston. -^^ '
LOSTDON— Sailed July 30— Btror Minneapolis
for New V«k. . - •
OAKLAND, July 30.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Horace E.
Johnston, 25, and Myrtle G. Nichols,
17, both of Oakland; Aithur Schun
hoff, 24, and Dorothy Bierwirth, 20,
botb-of Berkeley; William H. Hunt,
32, and Pauline G. Hunt, 24, both of
San Jose; William J. Dolan, over 21,
and Nellie M. Walsh, over 18, both of
Oakland.
Marriage licenses.
Henry Bender, love sick, threatened
to blow out the gray matter of one
Amy Kopf, a pretty German girl em
ployed in the American Bakery Com
pany on Broadway, because the young
woman did not care for his company
at a theater. Miss Kopf complained
to the police last night and was ad
vised to get out a warrant.
Threatens to Shoot Her.
OAKLAND. July 30. — William
Krisko was arrested In Berkeley to
day on the complaint of A. Hager his
i>rcther-in-Iaw. It is claimed that
Kriske had been abusing his aged
mother, Mrs. Bertha Wei«shand of
2.' 29 Ellsworth street. Kriske made a
former police record when he accused
two companions of having robbed him.
one of them subsequently stabbed him
v.hile he was visiting San Francisco.
His brother-in-law says that Kriske
has terrified his mother in' attempts to
procure money from her.
ItrisUe Under Arrest.
Dies at Advanced Age.
ALAMEDA. July 30. — John B.
Spencer passed away this morning at
his home. 2254 San Jose avenue. He
•was a native of Kentucky, 82 years
old, and had Jived here for fourteen
years. He leaves a wife and daugh
ter in this city and a son in Wiscon
sin. Spencer was a member of the
Historical Society of Minnesota and
also of v the Old Settlers' Society of
that State. -\
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on t& Saa Frai
cisco Stock and Exchanga Board yesterday:
Mornlny Session.
4^^ e i C 5 Pr , 17: ICO Potosl ,-.
4 '^ Caledonia 43; loo Savag» =fl
ICOCalfdonia .... 44| WS« fe"' „
I™ £* e h«quer ••• «» 000 Sierra Nev -•
500 Orofd & Cur. 121 500 Union Con."'" 5
S? Sv^an -:::: 2 S_^° Ten< ~ J "*« : =
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
.".00 Alpha 00! CCO Ophir in
200 Belcher IS 200 Sava« .... ~'s
SCO Best £: Belch. 70! X~>0 sex Belcher " !>i
«» ConC & V.I tVM 100 Union Con.." £
=CO Exchequer ... 45! 250 Utah .....:. To
1«> Ju"a 07! 250 Utah ....... n
»0 McxicaS Si ** YOll ° W *^ ?
TONOPAII MININO EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mlnlne Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sessfon.
2C0 MacNamara . 47IC00O Red Too !%
10O0 MacXamar* . 51 1 100 Ton B»!raen"" f*
4CO MacNamara .4S 1COO Ton Oold MtL -•">
10CO Paymaster . . 03i SCO Ton Midway. . 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 30—12 m.
Bid. Ask. t Bid », k
AJph* V 07 Os-Justlc, n i::
Alt * $j C7!Kentuck ft: k:
A^e* - 1 . IS 20| K. Graesaler.. - 1 20
KelchfT ..... IS 19; Lady Wash .. — ttf
Pest & Belch. CS 70; Mexican g.1 si
Bullion 10 21 i Occidental .... SI 83
Caledonia .... -t-T 45! Ophir 2 3O " •;*»
ChallenKe ... IS 20j Overma'n 12 1.T
, Chollar U 15|poto.l ........ 15 1«
Conttdcnc* ... <W 75!Scorploa m 1O
O»n Oal & V.I 15 1 20;s a van: 9 =-% -T
Ton Imperial. — Ol^es Belcher. 0-"» < <t
Con N 1 02 (Wt.Slerra N>v...? rj Zi
«'rown Point.. 11 13!$?ilv««r Hill 3O C2
K Sierra Nev IK1 ffilSt. T^ouis 10 12
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... — r '>
Kxrheqner ... 45 47 Union Con 23 24
CJould & Cur. 11 13'rtah U> U
Halo & Norc. 71 7::' Yellow Jacket. 20 21 ¦
Julia 05 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.A*k.t Bld-Aak.
Co!»han oi osiPvay * O"Brtea C9 —
Columbia 2»> 25. Kay Ton ....•« 10
E*j*ranx» ..'. C2 «>: Red Top 15 —
Oold Anchor. — 2Tine?cu# ¦ It 1-
Ooldfleld n*B 14 l.VTra-Selmont.. ' 7f» 72
Ooldflrld Nev. SO —'Ton & Cal ... 15 2l>
Ooldaeld Ton. 11 121 Tnn Cash Boy. 12 —
CJoM Mt Con. — (VI'Tnn Kxten ... M 1 t»>
Jim Butler .. CO SO Ton Fraction.. 2% — •
IJttl* Ton .. — B51Ton * Gt W. fA — ,
T.uexv Tom.. (Ct OliTcn GoJd Mt. 1» 2»
MacNamara. . 4S — >Ton Midway. . W 50
Mlzpah Exti«n Hi — 'Ton of N«v.S CO S 12 1 -
Mont Ton.. 2 42'-i C 45iTon N Star... 3ft 53
N T Ton — 05jTon & $ Lafce. BO —
Paymaster .. rcrv — f United Ton ..07 OO
Pln» C.rova .. 5t> — IWtat End ... 20 21
Kay Extea .. — OSl
ALAMEDA. July 30.— LocaJ grain
dealers have interested themselves in
the proposed passage of an ordinance
regulating the kepingr of poultry with
in the city limits. The following feed
merchants have, filed a petition with
the Citv Trustees in which they re
quest that no ordinance be enacted
against the maintenance of poultry
here: Rhodes & Jamieaon. Bruns &
Strunz. Harry T. Moore & Co., R. H.
McMillan & Co.. George W. "Wheeler &
Co., Lubben Bros.. Relfe Bros., R.
Martin, T. L. Peters, A. H. W. Koer
ber, F. L. CoryelL
Oppose Chicken Ordinance.
OAKLAND, July 30. — Warrants
have been sworn to by W. F. Woods,
Hamilton J. Haney, Morris White and
E. E. Simpson, all of Berkeley, charg
ing D. J. DeWey, a solicitor for the
Guarantee Mercantile Investment Com
pany, with obtaining money by false
pretenses. The complainants allege
that Dewpy sold them certificates of
his company that had lapsed. The
company repudiated Dewey, declaring
he had" been discharged from its em
ploy. On the other hand Dewey
claims he was authorized to renew the
certificates. The money involved is
5172. • .
Asks for Solicitor's Arrest.
The furniture belonged ¦ to Mrs.
Guidice. The abandoned husband and
his two brothers who. lived with him
will have to bunk on bare floors to
night if they retain their accustomed
quarters. ;;-;^ ; ; ££:i&'g7ii-]
OAKLAND, July 30. — When Albert
H. Guidice arrived at his home at
986% Willow street this evening after
his day's work in San Francisco he
found the place deserted and the fur
niture gone. Everything was taken
out of the place by second-hand furni
ture dealers? early this morning 1 and
Mrs. Guidice disappeared shortly after
ward, with a few belongings packed
in a dress suit case, leaving: two of her
brothers-in-law astounded at -the en
tire proceedings and unable to offer
any explanation of her quee.^ actions.
- In speaking of the matter, Alec
Guidice, one of the brothers of the
deserted husband, said this evening
that he could not uccount for his
sJster-in-law's action, as there had
been no quarel that he knew of be
tween her and her husband.
and IrfGnves.
ing for Husband's Relatives
31 rs. Guitlice Evidently Tires of Cook-
SELLS THE FURNITURE*
AXD QUITS HER HOME
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.126%127',ilOc*anic S Co. — -Mi
Cal F C A. OOVilCO Pac Aux FA. i\i —
Cal Wlno A. — 00 }Pac C Borx. — 155«i
UVi MtTm.lOO — |
Mornlns Session.
Board —
SO Alaska Packers* Association. . .127 CO
125 Hutchtnson S P Co 8 OO
7.' Honokaa S Co 1*- Co
40 Paauhau S P Co £13 25
25 Spring Valley Water Co 30 73
$5,000 Lob Angeles Ry 5 p«r cent.... 115 CO
Street —
RO Hutchinson S P Co SCO
$5.<.>CO S P Branch Ry 6 per cent lG'J 37«i
Btreet—
California Stock and OilExchangc
Oil Stock— Bid. Askfd.
Alma 1 ?°
Apollo j*
ABSoctate'J Trust Cert 13 2O
Astec • • •'«
California Standard 1* J£
Caribou •» 2JJ * — *
Claremont 'J; .••••
Four «" ""
Fulton •••• * »°
Home 1=3 1 S24
Imperial " 1S JX
Independence •;;;;;•;;;;;;;; 4 g 5 g
K^n Biver " 11 OO 12 OO-
Monarch (of Arizona) -¦__• :»
Monte (Jrlsta <*| ....
Occidental of /*\. \ a Oh
Oil City Petroleum «*H M>
Peerless ;••• 13 ->
Reed Crude 1 «» ....
Senator WJ •••¦
Soverrisn ;-
Sterling ••• •• 2 SO
Superior v*
Thirty-three « ~>
Twenty-eiRht ¦••- 10 CO
West ?hore* 2 00
Awoctated Bonds 78 00
Wabash » 50
Miscellaneous—
Fischer" ¦ Theater 70
Northern California Power 10 00
sales. --.,-:
Morning session.
250 Caribou V- 4 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS EON'DS.
*'"'¦ Bid. Ask.| :\ Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — tt> iSF & NP Ss.lCO ' —
B L Wat Os. — 117 S P C R 4a. — ICO
Cal Nff 5s.. — 112^|S P Co 4<^s.lOO —
M C Wat Os.lOtt — jSun Tel 5a... — 104
Rl» I Wks 5s -5 103 ISutter-st R.is.ior. m
SF Drdk 5s — USttlUR of SF 4*. S"U Sa>^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25 — I Mat Nav Co. — S>0
Amer Bis Co— 00 | N«r Nat Bk.lOO —
Cal Cot Mils 81 — N S R RCo. OVi —
Cal G&ECor. 48 50 X Cal P Co. — 10U
C Jockey Cl. — 12* Oak Bk Saw. 120 _ *
Cal Powder. — US Oak T Con.. 73 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 1OOF Hall A 6 —
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — 15U
, Cen Bk, Oak — 65 PacC Cas Co. 130 —
Chutes Co...— 7 Pac S Tel...l<U«ilO3
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 — .
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — Paraf Paint.. M —
East Dynm.. — 270 a F Dry dock. «O —
DpntPwd pfd — !W SFASJ Coal. — 23
X)o com .. — CO S J Wat Co. — . 1CKJ
FX Bk. Oak.lSO — fso & MTgbt-IM —
Fischer Thtr — «3c I Swtss-A Bk 115 —
P>ch-A Bk.lOT 110 .Truck Efc?t7. 11 -
Gas Con A.. — 22 | UH inC pfd. <S* O
"It's my house, smash in the door,"
commanded Mrs. Ingram, who await
ed events outside. "Smash it" Patrol
man Andrews did, and he arrested
Ingram, who was returned to the City
Prison for ' safekeeping.*
OAKLAND, July 30. — In celebra
tion of his release after serving a
seventy-five days' sentence in the City
Prison for wife beating, Ben H. In
gram, a stationary engineeer, residing
at 736 Chester street, drove Mrs. In
gram out of the house this morning
after threatening to kill her with a
carvinj? knife.
Such was the complaint that caused
the police to make a hurry-up trip to
West Oakland. Ingram was in the
house and refused to allow Policeman
Andrews to enter.
Ben IngTaiu Charged With ; Renewing
Brutal Treatment of Spouse and
Police Take Husband.
Continued From Page 41.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
RETURNS TO PRISON
AFTER BRIEF RESPITE
Every Hobo Is Worth a Round Dol
lar to Constables and Three
to Justices.
OAKLAND. July '30. — In view of
the opinion given -by the District At
torney to-day that under the decision
of the Supreme icourt the County
Auditor cannot pay constables and
Justices of the Peace except on a fee
basis the tramps and hobos are on
the run. A general descent is to be
made upon every vagrant in the coun
ty and it is expected that the jail will
be full in the next week. The rec
ords at the County Jail show that but
one tramp was arrested between June
14 and July 29. Last night five were
brought in and the number will go
skyward in a few days.
Constables and Justices will not
make expense money this month
owing to the general laxity. They will
now have U» maktA ur» for lost time.
Every trnirp .-irrested is worth $1 and
mileage to the man making an arrest.
The Justices are also benefited, for an
a fee basis every case on the calendar
nets $3. A tramn thus costs' the
county %K and luheage besides his
maintenance while serving h-J sen
tence.
TRA^IPS BIUNG REVENUE ©.
TO THE PEACE OFFICIALS
The railroad company has further ac
commodated the soldiers of *he State
so that the companies located at Marys
ville, Chico and Woodland will be con
veyed by special train, and will not be
required to start so* early as was orig
inally intended. Some slight change
has also been made to facilitate the
conveying of troops by the Santa Fe.
All baggage and equipment of the
State troops will be moved at the ex
pense of the United States Government.
All the officers have been supplied by
the # Unlted States War Department
with a neat pamphlet entitled "Instruc
tions for Maneuvers," and advised _to
study them carefully bo as to be pro
ficient when in the field.
The State has made an allowance of
10 cents per day for each man while
in camp, to enable each company to
purchase such luxuries as are not pro
vided by the army schedule.
Through the efforts of Colonel Wil
helm of the Governor's staff the equip
ments for the State troops are being
forwarded to destination.
Nothing officially has been done up
to yesterday In, the matter of the com
pany at Grass Valley that refused to
obey the order to go Into camp. There
has been considerable comment on the
part of guardsmen on the course of
Colonel Seymour in announcing: that he
would visit the company at its locale
and endeavor to have it go to camp.
It is understood now that he will issue
a direct order to the company to pro
ceed to camp, and If there is another
disobedience arrests will follow, and
steps will then be taken to muster the
company out of the service of the State.
Among the employers who have noti
fied the division headquarters that
such of their employes as are members
of the National Guard and desire to
attend the encampment will be permit
ted to do so are the Pacific States Tel
ephone Company, R. Weineke; Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson; the United
Railroads and the California Safe De
posit Company. i
Engineer division — Colonel T. W. Mor
gan, .engineer officer;
Colonel J. A. Koster, division inspector;
Major L. S. Sehmitt, aid-de-camp.
First Brigade— Lieutenant Colonel A.
W. Bradbury, assistant adjutant gen
eral; Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Schreib
er (retired), acting brigade inspector;
Major J. K. Campbell, inspector of rifle
practice.
Second Brigade— Lieutenant Colonel
G. F. Hanson, surgeon; Major J. H.
Hendy, engineer officer; Major R. E.
Warfield, aid-de-camp.
Third Brigade — Lieutenant,. Colonel J.
P. Pedlar; Lieutenant Cdtonel T. J.
Hay, assistant adjutant general; Major
*W. W. Phillips, commissary.
When it was decided that the Na
tional Guard of California was to go
into camp this year it was ordered that
none above the rank of colonel should
take part in the maneuvers. This order
cut out brigade and staff officers, but
recently, upon the request of the Gov^
ernor, the United States War Depart
ment has issued an order permitting
the following to take part in the field
exercises at the camp next month:
In his response to ' e many words
of friendship that had been spoken,
Countiss said that while he greatly re
gretted his departure from San Fran
cisco, the knowledge that he carried
away with him the friendship of hie
associates of the last five years was
especially gratifying. The competition
in the railroad business, he continued,
vns sharper here than in most any
place in Americi^ still he knew of no
place where the railroad men worked
in greater harmony, or where friend?
ship was more closely cemented. He
would be here often, he said in con
clusion, and the knowledge that
friends were here would be like a wel
come home and each trip to San Fran
cisco he would anticipate with •pleas
ure..'
Those present at the banquet in
cluded: J. A. Gill. E. M. Pomeroy, J.
D. McGill, Carlton C. Crane, W. H.
Snedaker, F. B. Winshlp, P. K. Gor
don, 3. F." Booth, Jules Clerfayt, F. B.
Haughton, W. B. Hinchman, H. W.
Adams, P. L. Lund, Charles E. Stokes,
G.W. Lippman, W. H. Davenport, M:
G. Tonine, F. W. Thompson, J. Mc-
Ilroy, M. M. Stern, F. W. Blanch. C.
W. Nelson, J. W. Adams, C. K. Jun
kins. C. Clifford, T^ v R. Tilley, H. M.
MoGreggor, L. E. Stanton, C. L. Can
fifcld, R. G. Guyett, J. A. Beckwlth, W.
R. Alberger, C. W. Colby, Henry Avila.
H. K. Gregory, H. E. Lanverkin.F. H.
Stocker, J. L. Buwell, W. D. Sanborn.
N. W. Hall, A. H. Rising, F. W. Prince,
E. W. Williams. H. vG. Toll, G. W.
Heintz, T. W. Tenwinkel, E. E. Wade,
T, J. Conner, W. G. Gardner, T. A.
Graham, G. W. Luce, William Sproule.
E. O. McCormick.
Though all regretted that Countisa
has. been called to new fields of en
deavor, the knowledge that he will
visit this city perhaps once every
months raised the spirits of his friends
and merriment reigned. S. F. Booth
oi the Union Pacific as toastmaster
had a fund of wit at his command.
He assigned the serious phases of the
event to C. W. Colby as orator and re"^
inforced him with G. W. Luce and
others who responded to toasts. Wal
ter Kneiss and the association quartet
furnished the songs, and once or twice,
to the lively tunes of the orchestra, T.
W. Tenwinkel did the cakewalk around
the horseshoe table.
No jollier crowd ever gathered in
the banquet hall of the California
Hotel than the one that met yesterday
to extend wishes for a safe trip and a
prosperous future to R. H. Countiss,
agent of the Transcontinental Freight
Bureau, who will depart on August 3
for Chicago. Countiss was the guest
of the Pacific Coast Association of
Traffic Agents and his hosts repre
sented all the great roads of America.
Members of Traffic Agents'
Association Honor R. H.
Count iss at a Banquet
War Department Amends
Order Limiting Camp Ser
vice to Regimental Staffs
First round — Miss A. Alberger and
Miss C. Lindstrom beat Miss C. Wagg
and Miss B. Gardner, 6—0, 6—2; Miss A.
Varden and Miss G. Meyer beat Miss
A. Sea and Miss B. Matthew, 6—2, 6—0;
Miss I. Mearns and .Miss V. Crocker
Despite the strong, cold wind the
Golden Gate Park and the California
Club tennis courts were crowded yes
terday. On the park ccurt3 tht^ reor
ganized ladies* ! annex held its first
event, and it was successful in every
way. It was a scratch doubles tourna
ment for second class" players. Eight
teams competed, and In most cases the
matches were close. Miss Vera Crocker
and Miss Ida Mearns carried off the
honors, but only after winning several
close and hard-fought matches.
In the finals Miss Crocker and Miss
Mearns met Miss G. Meyer and Miss A.
Varden. The latter are two young girls
who have had no tournament experi
ence. . They played remarkably well for
beginners, and their more experienced
opponents had to play their best to
meat them. Miss Meyer and Miss Var
den won the first set, but their op
ponents were steadier and won the las*
two handily.
The best match of the day was that
between Miss D. Weed and Mis;*
Worcester and Miss Crccker and Miss
Mearns. All three sets were, close and
the games were long. Miss Weed played
veil at the net for one who had never
played there, and her '•kill" shots were
roundly applauded. Miss Worcester
had never played in a tournament be
fore, but she was by no means out
classed.
The scores follow:
Many California Club Cracks Appear
for Play for First Time
in Weelis.
Printing — F. H. Dahnke, chairman;
L. F. Fredericks, R. Collins, W. P.
Kedburg and J. Moritz.
Apprentices — J. wf Smiley, chair
man; G. O. Craig, F. Marshall. O.
Schmitt, E. W. Knox and A. B. Lee.
OAKLAND. July §30.— Thirty-five
local unions of Oaicland will take part
in the Labor day celebration, the plans
for which are now under way. At the
lzist meeting of the general commit
tee C. W. Petry was elected chair
man, T. K. Dahnke, vice chairman;
J. B. Reboli. treasurer/3md P. C. We
ber, secretary. , \
Chairman Petry has appointed the
following sub-committees:
Parade — G. K. Smith, chairman; R.
W. Smith, W. J. Helper, D. A. Shan
non. J. Heinrich and J. F. Sale.
Music — J. Cooper, chairman; D. C.
Crawford. J. F. Erhard, J. D. Scott, J.
C. Curran and J. Kearney.
Finance — J. B. .Reboli. chairman;
J. J. overton. C. L. Philbrick, B. Litz
enFtfcin. F. C. Jocelyn, B. A. Stewart
and William Greschaclc
Agitating — W. W. Jonf^, chairman;
F. Higuera. 1. MePherson, T. J. Hop
k.ns and J. Moritz.
C. \V- Petr> Elected Chairman of
General Committee — Sub-Com
mittees Appointed.
UNIONS ARRAS'G$ FOR
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION
The scores follow: Herbert Long tied
Will Allen, 5—7, 6— I, 6 — I, 4— «; George
Janes baat Robert Drolla, 0 — 6, 6 — J,
6—2; T. Black tied W. G. Knowlton.
6—4, 5 — 7; Hans Lisser beat Gus Llsser.
6—4, 8—6, 6—1; Dr. Noble beat Alderi
Ames, 6—3, 6 — I, 6 — 3; Harry Butler beat
M. Long, 6—2; B. Nourse beat C. G.
Kuehn, 6—2, 6 — 3, 6—2. 6—3; M. Long
and Butler beat Harry Rolfe and Janes.
C— 4, 4—6. 6—0; W. S. MacGavin beat
Drolla. . 6—0. 6—4; Carl Gardner beat
Will Collier, 6—1. 6—3, 6—1. 6—3. 6—4;
Gabriel beat M. Johnson, 3—6, 6 — 1, 6— _.
George Janes and R. Drolla played a
good singles. After losing the first set
6 — 0, Janes won the next two.
Only cne doubles match was played.
In it M. Lons and Butler beat Janes
and Rolfe.
Several of the cracks played yester
day for the first time in several weeks.
Will Allen, Merle Johnson and Will
Collier were back in the game, and
their play showed a lack of practice.
Allen broke even with Herbert Long,
but Collier and Johnson were badly
beaten. Carl Gardner beat Collier five
straight seta, while Harold Gabriel won
two out of three from Johnson. Ths
match between Long- and Allen was th?
best of the day and was exceedingly
close. Long lost the first and fourth
sets, but won the second and third.
beat Miss A. Beyfuss and Miss G. Lind
strom, 6—3, 1—6, 6—1; Miss D. Weed
and Miss M. Worcester b'eat Miss V.
Beyfuss and Miss B. Culley, 6—3, 6 — 1
Second round— Miss Varden and Misa
Meyer beat Miss Alberger and Mis*
Lindstrom, 6 — 4. 6—1; Miss Crocker an>I
Miss Mearns beat Miss Weed and Miss
Worcester. 6 — 4, 5 — 7, 6 — 4.
Finals— Miss Crocker and . Miss
Mearns beat Miss Meyer and Miss Var
den. 5—7, 6—2, 6—0.
FAIR. TENNIS PLAYERS
! SHINE OX PARK COURTS
OAKLAND, July SO. — Projectors of
a Union League Club for Oakland
have called a meeting for Monday
evening at Maple Hall of prominent
Republicans to discuss plans of or
ganization."
Plan a Union League Club.
. Committee of the whole— L. N. Cob
bledlck, chairman; E. F. Garrison, sec
retary, and Frank Barnet,. treasurer.
Press and advertising— D. W. Doody
(chalrjnan), E. F. Garrison, H. C. Cook,
D. J. Barr, W. P. Geary, H. G. White,
Nat Jehu, R. T. Welch and A. Fisher.
Citizens' advisory — Theo. Gier, A.
Jonas, George C. Pardee, William J.
Laymance, Wilbur Walker, John A.
Britton, A. H. Schlueter, Edwin
Steams, W. F. Kelly and H. C. Cap
well.
Fins nee— Henry Sagehorn (chair
man),-Rod W. Church, E. R. "Vvilson,
R. M. Hamb, Emil Planer, L. S. Shan
non, G. R. Stetson, A. D. Wilson.
Decoration— Beach Dean (chairman),
Frank Barnet, S. Ilyams, Dr. O. T.
Wilson, C. K. Townsend/N. P. White,
H. P. Wickham, V. Wehe, W. E. Turn
er and H. W. Koerber.
Literary— J. R. Knowland (chair
man), G. R. Stetson, J. F. Hanson, G.
W. Frick, L. T. Bauer, Arthur Colby,
C. Perry, Frank McAllister, S. J.
Wright.
Hotel and accommodations— J. J. Mc-
Elroy (chairman), W. L. Paulson, C. H.
Rock, William Brady, L. L. Bauer, E.
J. Drussel, A. D. Goldsworthy.
Reception— George Hans (chairman),
W. Walkup, G. W. Mc-ffltt, Charles
Rollins, Charles von Tagen, R. A.
Berry, George E. Parker, Frank Smith,
F. B. Granger. H. P. Dalton, William
Zambresky, Dr. J. P. Tormey.
Athletic— Al Kihn (chairman), H. von
Tagen. H. L. Newsom, J. J. Mulgrew,
F. S. Cone, Frank Bageley, C. T. Rose,
George E. Cross, F. B. Heywood, G.
A. Rice. '
Parade— H. N. Gard (chairman), J. J.
Naegle, Dr. W. J. Smythe, W. D. Sage
horn, A. T. Sc/usa, R. G. Fallmer, Paul
•Wuthe, W. Hammond. F. D. Fagan
W. S. Schmidt. • '
Ways and means— Harry G. Williams
(chairman), Oscar Luning, F. J. Moflit,
George S. Meredith, J. H. Knowland,
W. J. Baccus, A. H. Breed, W. B. Quig
ley Jr., E. G. Buswell, R. J. Montgom
ery, Henry Henken.
The general committee of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, which
is arranging for the celebration of
Admission day in this city, has now
completed the list of sub-committees
to have charge of the various events
of the day. It has also perfected the
general plan for the Oakland celebra
tion. Among other details the com
mittee has voted to hold the literary
exercises immediately after the pa
rade, which will take place at 10 a.
m., September 9. These exercises will
be held either at the Willows or in
the City Hall Park.
Arrangements have been made with
the railroad companies whereby ex
cursion trains will be run from Sac
ramento, Stockton, San Jose and
San^i.Cruz. A large number of vis
itors is expected from San Francisco
and from the interior towns of Ala
meda County. The members of the
San. Francisco parlors will parade
down Market street in San Francisco
on the evening of July 8, and will
take a special boat for this city 5 , where
they will be received at the head
quarters of the several local parlors.
On the morning of the 9th they will
participate in the Oakland parade.
The general committee has decided
to close the celebration with a grand
ball at Armory Hall on the evening of
September 9, and the members of
Oakland Parlor have arranged for a
dance of their own at Maple Hall.
The members of the sub-committees
are:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call'
101C Broadway, July 30.
General Committee of Na
tive Sons Outlines Plan
for a Big Celebration
The University of California iP co
operating with the United States De
partment of Agriculture in a series of
tests on the university grounds to de
termine the amount of water evapor
ated within a given time. The data
will be valuable to the irrigationists
of the coast region, as it will deal with
a problem that has long puzzled them.
The tests are being made with six
large tanks filled with water and set
out in the open air. The water is kept
i at various degrees of temperature in
; the different tanks, ranging from 50
to 90 degre '. Fahrenheit. Measure
ments of the anks are taken every two
hours during the day and at intervals
of three hours during the night. At
the same time the temperature of the
and the velocity of the
wind is carefully noted and registered,
so that the conditions under which the
changes take place may be Jcnown.
The work is being carried on by
Herbert Newell, a graduate of the uni
versity and a member of the United
States Irrigation Bureau, who is as
sisted by D. F. Griffith, another em
ploye of the bureau.
Berkeley Office San Call,
2148 Center Street, July 30.
RAILROAD MAN
THEIR GUEST
The matter of the assessment of the
ferry-boats belonging to the Southern
PaciJic Company was adjusted, with
?he consent of all parties, at the valua
tions at which the boats were assessed
in San Francisco.
The assessment of the franchises of
the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany for the cities of Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley w.ere reduced by
the Board of Equalization at its ses
sion this morning from $400,000 to $170,
000. Many minor petitions for reduc
tions were presented by private per
sons. A number of these were granted.
Promptly at the noon hour the board
adjourned sine die.
In support of the petition for reduc
tion of the assessment on its franchises
the gas company was represented by
its president, John A. -Britton. and hiss
attorney, John A. McDonald. They
argued to the board that their fran
chises were not exclusive but such as
any one could get and that they placed
no value en them. They also declared
that the company had to make a profit
over its expenses, and if the expenses
should, be made heavier by increased
taxes it in turn would have to charge
more for its product. They failed to
Fee how anything was to be gained by
such a procedure, and said, further,
that it was taxing the people of the
city for money which ultimately was
spent out over the county.
At the end of the hearing the fol
lowing reductions were made: The
franchise to construct and maintain
gas work? and lay gas pipes in the
city of Oakland, assessed at $250,000,
was reduced'to $50,000: the franchise to
t,Vect and maintain poles and electric
Aires in the city of Oakland, assessed
at Tl'SO.tiOQ, was reduced to 4100,000; the
franchise of the company over the
streets of Alameda, assessed at $50,000.
was reduced to $10,000; the franchise
over the streets of Berkeley, assessed
at $7?,000. was reduced to $10,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 30.
ST. LOUIS, July 30.-*Tohn J. Ryan
arrived in St. Louis to-day in the cus
tody of Detective Killian. to answer
four indictments charging the em
bezzlement of $300,000. Other indict
ments charge the larceny of smaller
sums. Ten minutes after Ryan ar
rived over the Pennsylvania his at
torney, Charles Nolan, stepped from an
Illinois Central train, rr yeallng 1 a chase
with the latter, made from New York
as the result of a ruse Killian had
planned to get hi3 prisoner.
Nolan declares that Ryan was kid
naped by Killian and George Fickela
sen, the attorney who went to Jersey
City to represent the State in any legal
proceedings that might arise. Nolan
is outspoken in denouncing th» meth
ods he says Fickeissen used in getting
Ryan out of New Jersey.
Ryan was released by the Sheriff in
bonds of $7000, for which his sister-in
law, Mrs. Mary Maloney, went se
curity.
While the search was going on Sar
gent disappeared. Hatless and coatless
he had run for cover. Neighbors last
saw him making for the hills. He left
behind him an aged mother, with
whom he made his home. She sougW
to help her son out of his trouble by
offering to restore all the st.olen goods,
but this offer will not save the son if
he is caught.
Besides Dallerup's property many
things known to have belonged to
other people were fou^d in Sargent's
place. Some of these were discovered
beneath a pile of hay In the barn. What
Sargent wanted with many of the
things is a mystery, they were such
as could not be soldi
Besides being a carpenter, E. A. Sar
gent, said to be a graduate of the State
University of Washington, is a trickster
cf no mean ability. This was demon
strated to-day, when a search t»f his
house at 1G23 Leroy avenue revealed
two or three trunks full of stuff he had
stolen from the man upon whose house
be was working. And while hia house
was I» ing searched Sargent again
showed his cleverness by giving the po
lice the slir> and making for the hills.
Sargent hall a way that was all his
own. It was eo novel that even the
men who were set to watch him could
not catch him in the act. His scheme
consisted in riding off.' on a bicycle
when he quit work in the afternoon
and then, after circling around the
block a few times to deceive his fellow
workmen, return and help himself to all
the good things in sight.
Sargent practiced his scheme at the
house of Benjamin Da/lerup of 1613
Prince street,' where he helped as a car
penter. Every night when Dallerup
came home he noticed something miss
ing. Finally he put a detective on the
trail of Sargent, whose actions had ex
cited suspicion. But Sargent always
eluded detection, and it was not until
he betrayed himself by denying his own
house address that the officers fixed
upon him as their man.
Sargent worked up to noon to-day on
the house and then went home. This
gave the officers their chance to catch
him. They got a search Warrant in
Justice Samuels' court this afternoon.
Then they went to Sargent's house —
Deputy Marshals- Howard and Pickett
and Dalle-ui> himself. Sargent was In
the garden, bareheaded" and coatless,
when they arrived. After the warrant
was read to him he bade the officers
search if they wished to. Apparently
he was undismayed.
Search of the house revealed all the
things Dallerup had missed. There were
gold and silver watches, clothing. Ma
sonic emblems, jewelry, rugs and
blankets, all carefully piled away in
big chests, worth probably $500 alto
gether. This plunder was afterward re
moved to the City Hall, where it will
be held as evidence.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2^i8 Center Street, July 30.
WILL OBSERVE
ADMISSION DAY
Same Values Placed Upon
Ferry-Boats as Were Fixed
hy Dr. Washington Dodge
To handle su -cegsfully the increased
number of trains that the new sched
ule will require the company has
found it necessary to construct a dou
ble track trestle at ihe estuary cross
ing. Owing: to heavy demands on the
construction department the comple
tion of the additional track has been
delayed. Resumption of operation*
means that th<? work will be hastened
as rapidly as possible.
No definite time has been set for the
beginning of a twenty-minute service,
but company offccials say jt will not
be long: before the additional trains
vill be runninsr.
In thi3 connection the Merchants'
iTxchaiige has arranged for a further
conference on Monday with the South
ern Pacific Company officials in San
Francisco, touching the plans for an
a:!-ni;rht ferry service. ¦
The Southern Pacific Company has
resumed the work of filling; the new
trestle across the north arm of the
estuary at Seventh street, preparatory
to the operation of a double track at
that point. This work is preliminary
to the inauguration of a twenty-min
ute train and boat se£)ice on the
broad gauge ferry line between Oak
land and San Francisco. G
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. July 30.
Merchants to Meet Officials
on Monday to Confer on
an All - Xight Service
OFFICERS MUST
DO FIELD DUTY
The bill of sale was duly executed by
Gilpin at Colfax, and covers all or*
the horses, harness, wagons, stock, fix
tures and" personal property In which
Gilpin had an interest. The considera
tion named in the transfer was of the
nominal amount of $10.
Johnson filed the bill of sale this
afternoon at the County Recorder's ot
fice for record. This was done to pro
tect himself against any proceedings
that Gilpin's creditors might take.
When questioned concerning the
transaction Johnson declined to talk.
So far as Gilpin's financial affairs
are concerned no other move was made
to-day. Tranlc H. Brooks of the Cali
fornia Bank, which has loanetl Gilpin
a considerable amount on notes, said
to-day: - *
"You can say emphatically that so
far as this bank is concerned there is
no action contemplated at this time
against Gilpin. We are in communica
tion with him and expect to receive
some v.-ord shortly."
F. L. Krause. attorney for H. Blais,
who has levied an attachment on prop
erty of -Mrs. Gilpin to secure a claim
on a promissory note of $1500, said:
"Our claim Is. now in court, and we
expect to conduct the litigation there
that is necessary to recover. We have
no knowledge that there is anything
irregular."
Mystery surrounding the sudden de
parture from the city of George W.
Johnson, partner of former City Treas
urer Z. T. Gilpin In the Standard Wood
Company, was cleared to-day, when
Johnson returned to Oakland with a
bill of sale to Johnson from Gilpin ot
all of his interests in the concern. The
document, attested by Morris Libner,
notary public of Placer County, was
of date yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101G Broadway, July 30.
George W. Johnson Returns
With the Transfer After
Flying Trip to Colfax
Arrives at St. Louis Ten
Minutes After His. Client
and Officer Reach Depot
Experiments Are Made With
Tanks on Grounds of the
University of California
Gives Them the Slip While
They Are Searching His
Home for the Property
TRESTLE BEIKG FILLED
TO FURNISH THE DATA
DOCUMENT IS RECORDED
EQUALIZERS ADJOURN
IS DEFEATED TX CHASE
Oakland C4as, Light and Heat
Company's Valuation Low
ered by Sum of $455,000
Government Seeks Informa
tion Regarding Amount of
Evaporation From Water
Relinquishes for Nominal
Amount His Interests in
Standard Wood Company
DECEIVES THE POLICE
WJiile Working as Carpen
ter E. A. Sargent Steals
Articles From a House
Attorney for Alleged Em
bezzler Denounces Methods
of Detective and
Southern Pacific Company
Prepares to Inaugurate
a Twenty-Minute Service
RESUMES WORK
ON NEW TRACKS
ASSESSMENTS
ARE REDUCED
MIXES THEFT
AND INDUSTRY
GILPIN GIVES
BILL OF SALE
CONDUCT TESTS
FOR IRRIGATION
CLAIMS RYAN
WAS KIDNAPED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
The best exposition of the Bible is
US expression in life.
40
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
, OAKLAND. X 0
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "?.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.Continued on Page 40.
Exciumge and Bullion.
Changes yesterday were few and narrow.
LOCAL
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 55-4
NEW TORK, July SO.— In the dry goods
market buyer* are preserving a cautious
policy and operations ar» not as general or
as active as &t the beglnninc of the week.
The independent position of sellers increases.
Islezu York Dry Goods.
Flour qr sks... 4.562|Wcol. bales 109
Wheat, ctls 700 Shorts sks SCO
Barley, ctls 1.S26J Tallow, ctls 245
Oats ctls 2. 14Ri Leather, rolls ... 1W*
Corn (West), ctls 500! Hides, No JH2
Tlye. ctls 1.021 1 Pelts. No 53s
Potatoes, sks ... 2,79'JlLIme. bbla 032
FOR SATURDAT. JULY 30.
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Peaches were the leading feature of the fruit
market during the early trade, and as fresh
supplies arrived rather late th« market had a
chance to clean up. but the abundance of car-
Hed-over etock prevented an advance In prices.
The belated trains and boats brought large
con*lgnmenti«. which were offered freely at lib
eral concessions, and as usual large lines had
to be held over. The market was particularly
weak for larse boxes, which constituted the
bulk of the supplies brought by the delayed
narrow-gauge train. Small packages of other
tree frulta were in good request for local use
and shipping account, but bulk stock was dull,
as the canners were overloaded with contract
goods and were Indifferent buyers. Plums were
Btlll abundant and sold at a wide range as to
variety and quality, while fancy wrapped Bart,
lett Pears were steady under decreased receipts
from the river districts. The Apple market
was overstocked and weak, with «ome dealers
quoting $1 per box as the top for the best
Gravenstelng In 4-tler boxes. Figs ruled steady
under light receipts and Melons were flrm. al
though receipts were liberal. Grapes were very
dull and the top quotation for the Seedless va
riety was obtained only for some strictly fancy
etock In crates from Sultana, Tulare County,
G3c. being an extreme figure for crates from
other sections. Blackberries continued weak,
wltn receipts too heavy for the market to read-
Deciduous and Citrus Fntils.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— sp Pt. Dec.
Opening Holiday
Closln * PARis: Holiday
ea t — July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening: p° S3 22 10
Closing • 20 »5 22 20
Flour-
Opening .29 30 29 10
Closing '• -8 50 2915
JJondqn Money Market.
LONDON*. July 30. — To-day is a holiday on
th* Stock Exchange. Bar stiver was quiet at
26%d P« r ° urice - M° nf y. 2©2i4 per cent.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ET LOUIS. July 30. — WOOL — Steady; me
dium' trrartes. combing and clothing. 20#25c;
light fine. l»!®20c; heavy fine, 12@18c; tub
washed. 21@34&c ;-. v
With most of the trade Butter Is steady to
flrm. only two or three reporting a weak mar
ket. The general expectation is for higher
prices shortly. Receipts, which have dally j
exceeded 1000 boxes, fell below this quantity '
yesterday, as will b* seen. There is now
very little talk of depression, but a good deal
of talk about a better feeling.
- There is nothing new In Cheese, which con
tinues in good supply and quiet.
Egrs rule steady and unchanged, with plenty
here to fill the demand.
Receipts were 97.400 lbs Butter. 1342 cases j
Efrics and OSOO lbs" Cheese. • 1
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 21c I
for extras and 20o for firsts: dairy. 17J?2Oc; I
store Buttsr. 14W16C; Eastern creamery. 10^-©
20c: Eastern ladle-packed. 14(gl5^c per lb. •'
CHEESE— 9-89 Uc for choice mild new and j
80T8&C for lower grades: Young Americas. 11©
HHc: Eastern, 10«15c: Utah,* 12c per lb. ' '
EGGS— Ranch. 22>4«24c for 5 fair and 25®2fic j
for choice; store, lOjJ^lc: Eastern. 2O®22^o
for firsts and 1SV4&1&C for second*. " i
Buticr, Cheese ami Eggs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.05c;
Powdered. 5.90c; Candy Granulated, 5.00c; I>ry
Granulated, fine. 5.S0c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.80c; Fruit Granulated, 5.00c; Beet Granu
lated (ICO-lb bags only), ; Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia A, 5.40c: Extra C. 5.::0c;
Golden C. 5.20c; "D." 5.10c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrela. m 2oc more: boxes. 5Cc more; .'.(>- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels. 6.30c; boxes, 6.5oc; H. & E. Crystal
Pomlnoe. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
REDAND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7>i?J
7*4c per lb; White Lead. ¦ 7U©7?ic. according
to quantity.
COAL Oil-. — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl 'Oil, in cases. 10^c: Astral l»Uc;
Star. 19Hc: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in bulk.
16c; in cases. 22\ic: Benzine, in bulk. 13c; tn
cases. 19Hc; SU-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c:
in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags are lower owing to the
lighter yield of grain now expected. Grain
Bags. 5».;«J5Sic: San Quentin. $5 40: Wool
Bags. 30©32c; Fleece Twine. 7Uc: Fruit Bags,
6' / 'j«r7 l -ic for white and 7c for brown jute.
COAL — Wellington, tS per ion; New Welling
ton. $S: Seattle, $« 50; Bryant. $6 50: Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Standard. $7; Koslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
$7 ':>»; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ' $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 f>0@13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 >>0 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS— Quotation*, are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
, r '5c for raw; Castor Oil. tn cages. No. 1, "0c-
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10??l 12; Lucol. 50c
for boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
62' / i<5S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, In barrel*
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. *K!c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 7.V; No. 1 Lard Oil. t»c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil
03c; light Herrlnjr Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil,
4Cc; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. o3c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
General Merchandise.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Tne market con
tinues firm lnf»plte of the light demand. Com
mon are quoted at 4<&5\4c; prime, 5»;et>c;
choice. 6\i<fi*\c; fancy, 7©7%c.
PRUNES — Continued to move j n , small
quantities, but some grades are pretty well
cleaned up en spot and prices are firm. Quo
tations range from 2 to 6>{c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Show no material change either
in prices or general conditions. Choice are
quoted at 0%@10c; extra choice, lO'/iSlOUc*
fancy. 11® 13c • . 74W " '
PEACHES— Are steady to flrm. Choice are
held at 7&7Uc; extra choice, 7^5SSc; fancy
8&<gl0c.
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
opened steady at an advance of 5 points in
sympathy with Rlljhtly higher European
cables. Trading was very light and following
the call there was some irregularity, the mar
ket closlntr steady at unchanged prices to an
advance of 10 ftolnts. Sales were reported of
0250 bags, Including September, &05@6.10c;
December G.35@6.40c; March, O.eO@8.65c, and
May at CROc.
BUTTER— Steady. Extra creamery, 17^^
17%c; other prices unchanged.
CHEESE AND EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
3 NEW YORK. July 30. — FLOUR— Receipts,
11.600; exports, 18.000. Firm with light in
quiry. Minnesota bakers, $3 70f4; winter pat
ents. $4 S. r .g5 10: winter straights, $150@4 75;
winter extras, $3 05*?3 95; winter low grades,
$3 1563 70.
WHEAT — Receipts'. 44,000; exports, 38,400.
Spot, firm; No. '1 red nominal elevator; No.
2 red. $1 f. o. b. afloat; J*0. 1 northern Duluth,
$1 01 V* f- o. b. afloat: No. I hard Manitoba,
nominal f. o. b. afloat. The wheat market
was strong and active all the forenoon on good
foreign buying, higher cables, heavy rains In
the Northwest and vigorous covering. It
closed rather strong at %0 net advance. May
closed !»5c; July. $1 OL'ftl 02H; September.
04»;i695MiC. clcsed O5'.$c; December, 93?4&U4»i,
closed 91%c.
HOPS — Steady; State, common to choice,
1903, 2tt&34c: 1002. !M<623c: olds, 7<313c; Pa
cific Coast, 10W. 2C©29c; 1902, 21623c; olds,
7<&13c.
HIDES — Firm; Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds.
17c; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, 32(335c.
\ SUGAR- Raw. firm: fair refining, .'J^c; cen
trifugal, >»•"> t'-st. :: l.'-ji;«i4c; mol.-iFhvs sugar,
3Uc. Refine'!, flrm; No. 6, 4.65c: No. 7.
4.6rtc; No. S. 4..V>c; No. 9, /4.50c; No. 10,
4.45c; No. 11, 4.40c; No. 12 4.35c; No. 13,
4.30c; No. 14. 4.25c. Confectioners' A, 4.90c;
mould A, 5.4rtc: cut loaf. 5.25c; crushed, G.25c;
powdered, 5.15c; grf.nulated, 5.05c; cubes,
5.30c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. July 30.— Close: Prime mer
cantile paper. 3H^4i,i per c.nt.
Sterling exchange was nominal, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4.S760 and
;4.*77O for demand and at S4.S49O&4 85 for
sixty day bills.
Ported rates. $4 S5Vi"J4 88 and $4 S83
4 SS',4.
Commercial bill*. $4 84!4®4 S4«i.
Bar silver. f>S*ic.
Mexican dollars. 45*ic
Bonds — Governments, easy; railroads, lr
rerular.
Money on call was nominal; no loans.
Time loan* wore firmer, with GO days at 2
per cent: 00 day*. 2V& p*r cent, and six
months at 3Vi@3?i per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Hlsh. Low. Clos*.
Atchison 2.200. 77 76*; 7«%
AtchUon pfd 200 05*i H5*, 05U.
naltirr.or» & Ohio. 1.100 83S 83i 4 M*,
Bait ic OSlo |>fd 92%
Canadian Pacific :. 1231i
Cent of New Jersey .... 163
Chesapeake & Ohio .*J3
Chicago & Alton... 600 S9*i S9«j SftVi
Chi & Alton pfd 61
Chi & Gt West 500 14 13»4 13%
Chi & N W 17S
< hi. M & St Paul. 5.300 146?; 146U 14UH
O.I. M t St P pfd 17S=U
Oil Term & Trans 6V»
Oil T t T pM . 13%
C C. C 4 St L .... 74
Colo Southern 14^4
Colo South l«t pfd 48
Colo South 2d pfd !!><;
Dela & Hudson 15?H4
Dela. Lack £ W 265
Denver Sc Rio Gr 21
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 100 70%- 70T* 70»l
l>le 7C0 24*; 24',; Zt%
l>ie 1st pfd O%
Erie Sd pfd .";r.";
Hocking Valley GUi
Hocklrg Val pfd 79VJ
Illinois Central 600 135% 135ft 133*i
Iowa Central lSVi
Iowa Cent pfd r.3
Kan City South 20U
Kan City South pfd 41^4
Louis & Nash TOO 114 li:«4 114
Manhattan L 500 1RO% lM^i lW)'i
Metropol Securities fiOO SS 8S S7%
Mntropol St Ry.... 3,900 118H H7«i 117%
Minn & St Louis 45.
M. 6 P & S 8 M 74
M.S P * S S M pfd W,%L
Missouri Pacific... 11.J0O 81% 81% 0114
M. K&T...... ;. ..„ 17*
M. K & T Pfd 3S^4
Nat RR of Mex pfd 36
N T Central 118
Norfolk & West... 100 60& 60U «0
Norfolk & XV pfd 00
Ontario & Western 800 30 2994 30
Pennsylvania 4.400 11894 U»!i 119
Pitts. C C & 8 L. 62'4
Reading 4.700 82 B1H 61%
Reading 1st pfd g2
Reading 2d pfd B7»4
Rock Island C» 200 22 21 14 21%
Rock Island Co pfd 64
SL&SFSdpfd.. 300 51*4 51% 51^
StliSW.. 12^
St L S W pfd CM 33 33 32U
Southern Pacific... l.r.00 4Rft 4«',4 4*%
Southern Railway. COO 23 23 23
Nczv York Money Market.
Receipts of Poultry were very light, as usual
on Saturday, nnd the market closed the week
firm and practically bare. Only three cars of
Western were marketed during the past week,
one of-'Wlileh went direct to a retailer, and
local etook, ruled steady In consequence. Large
young chickens had the most call and cleaned
up quickly from day to day. A car of West
ern falls due to-morrow. Game was un
changed and steady, with the supply and de
mand about balancing.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15®17c per lb for
Gobblers and 14<gl5c for liens; Geese, per pair.
?1 25@1 60; Goslings. $1 M>61 75; Ducks. $4<fr5
per doz«*n for old and $4 50(95 50 for young;
Hens. $5 5052 '5 for large and $4 &0@5 for email;
young Roosters. $767 CO; old Roosters. $4 50®
3; Fryers. $1 5Ofc5 60; Broilers. $*®3 50 for
large and $2 &O&:: for small; Pigeons. $1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 "'•U\ 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 40#50c per dozen; Hare.
$1 •J.'.iH 1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 75
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
OMAHA. Nebr.. July 30—CATTLE—Re
coHts, 150: market nominally steady: native
steers. $4«6; cowh and heifers. $3ft4 40;
Western steers, $3 25fi.4 50: Texas steers.
S2 75<^3 75: range cows and heifers. $2 25®
3 50; canners. $1 .WS2 75: stockers and feed
ers. $2 W>«4 10: calves. $3<g5 CO; bulls and
stairs. $2 25 / iJ4 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 4500: market weak to 5c
lower; heavy. $.Vf?5 10; mixed. $5 05^5 10:
light. $.% 05«f. r > 15; pigs, $4 90@5 10; bulk of
sales. X5 05«I5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000; market unchanged.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITT. July 3O.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, SOOO. Including 1000 Southerns; market
weak: native «teeri«, S46»J; Southern steers.
?2fi4 75: Southern cows and heifers, $1 75(83:
native cbws and heifers, fl 73Q4 75; ntockera
and feeders. $2 7.VS4 50; bulls. $2 25S3 75;
calves, $2 75@5: Western steers, $3 75ig5 60;
Western cows, ?1 75<S3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 6000; market Be lower;
bulk of sales. $5 25<?5 3.5; heavy. $5 2Sff5 S3;
packers. $5 35@5 40; pigs and lights. $4 50®
SHEEP— No receipts; market nominally
steady.
Kansas Citv.
CHICAGO. July 30. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1000: steady: pood to prime steers, $.*> 40®
6 40; poor to medium. $4 U."'g." 40; storkers
and feeders. $2-54 .">0: cows and heifers. $1 50
$r4 75; canners. $1 WV@2 &0: bulls, $2«4 25;
calves. ?2#ti .10; Texas fed fleers. $0<S«V
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12.000: Monday,
uncertain: market steady to 5c lower; mixed
and butchers'. f."> 35@5 72^; good to choice
heavy, $."• 45©5 70: rough heavy, sr>'q-r> 40;
light. $5 30fi5 70; bulk of sales. $5 40©5 65.
SHEEP — Receipt?. 2000; market steady;
Iambs, steady; K«od to choice wethers, $3 7"vS
4 &0; fair to choice mixed. $3®3 75; Western
sheep. $2 4O«4 W); native lambs, $4@7; West
ern lambs, $4 50^6 75.
Chicago.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Sfers. 7V,@7K:c: Cows and Heif
ers, ft'-jifiti'-jc: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — *g4VtiC per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3US3*;c; Ewes, SS3fte
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50ft2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4*;®4t;c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4>-ic; 1.10 lbs and under, 4Vjc;
over 250 lbs. 4*ic: soft Hogs, nominal: Sows.
2l> Der cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
VEAL — Large, 4»7c; small. 7'99c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7!~Q 1 Sc; £wes 737Vjc
per lb.
LAMB— !)(@Otic per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6U^S*£c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaugbttfrers to dealers
are ks follows:
BKEF — SSti^c for Steers and 4g3!4e rer lb
for Cows.
Sipplies of all descriptions continue arnpl»
and the market shows no chanpe.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
No More Freight for Japan.
Tae PaeifSo Mall Steamship Company ye«Ur
**r ar-sounred that :t would receive no more
Irelght for Japan.
Duties on Imports.
The receipts of duties cf imports at the Saa
rrancJeeo Cuetcm-hotfe during the month of
July were $613. 3S3. acainst $572,791 In July.
1P0J. Tt« total receipts from January 1 to
<late were $4,234,744. ajralnst $4,414,101 during
U» easie period last year.
Coinage in July.
Tfat cc!csc» at the United States Branch
illnt in this city during the month of July
coC2i«te4 of Z-> :¦.¦¦'.' in United States sliver
ha!f Cellars er.d 1.2S4.O00 Philippine sliver
ietcs. egainst $57,000 in quarter dollars and
c:zr« asi 1,124.000 riescs In July. 1903.
Bank Clearings.
I>va! tark clearings last week were $27.- '
BW.fllflj. •*»-«..¦¦-¦ J2S.S14.133 for the same week
last yesr.'-' r*or the month of July they were
S123.C52.201. _..:¦-•: $I27.502.2VS for July.
ir<C. Tcr the r.rst seven months of th* year
•hey were JS59.773.546. against $>64.956.3U in
l'.Kih. ThUb far fhis year the local ckarir.js
ii\ l- lozt in every mor.th except June.
Valuable' Trade Review.
The San Francisco Commercial News has is
sued :t£°regui«r ar.r.ual review, it being the
twenty-r.ir.ih. Ac usuhI it Is a handsome piece
«>f t^"?^gra^hical work, profusely illustrated
and fu!! cf istertst:ru; matter t>extaining to the
'Hi^'e lilies cf basines> in thr Pacific Coast and
¦ u rtpUva of ths different staports. It is a
jub!ic*tion which cannot but be of service to
+ :e-ry « holesaJt merchant s»r;d to tUe general
public as well.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report cf G. N. Salisbury. Section DI
rect.>r. United States- Weather Bureau, fcr the
W&abl&Cton Crop Bulletin, week ended July
"C. it a« follows:
Tfce v.eek was dry and warm, except the lat
ter {--art. ¦whuh was moderately cool. Tbe
warm weather culminated with the hot day
on the 21st. when the temperature reached 90
to '-»i dfgret* in the western division, and 95 to
1<i2 <l*5Tec-!jj in the eastern division, and was
lollowea by a decided drop In temperature on
th«; St Vlie warm weather was, in general.
r*vcr«tble tor haying, harvesting, imd for the
erotvih of corn and vecetubles. It was a little
luo dry ajia bot I..T the b«6t eflect on spring
wrheat. «rblc3i is in the tilling stage. It was
Er'-T.iil haying w father, and. although the
talk c' the hay crop has been put up in fine
condition, t. considerable amcuct en lowlands
rc.T.a'.r.s to be cut.
No better weather could be desrired for the
fail wh»at htnrst, which Ivas progrei-sed eat- ,
iffactcrily curing the »e*k. and good yields
»r» r*r>crteu. OonKderable cat cutting has
been done. Spring wheat suffered considerably
from the dry weather and hot winds. It is
just now at the critical fctage, when hot winds
are trust injurious, and cool, cloudy, showery
weather would be beneficial, ftme improve
ment hks b«-n noticed In potatoes. Apricots,
p*ach€». %rA early apples are ripening in
r. r • ir.i Takima counties.
Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crcp Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D.
C, for week end?d July IS. 1D04.
New llTigland— Apples dropping badly, but
precise gaoi crop; berries fairly good, other
Zrultc uneicn.
New York — Beans, hops and sugar beets do
lnr we!I: garrt»n tru^k good; ar>pl*s promising;
peaches, rears, pluzrs and cherries light;
crapes good.
Pennsylvania— Mcst fruits in good condition.
New Jersey — All <rops In fine condition; to
matoes maturing, grapes promising; blackberry
picking began in central section, yield good.
Maryland and Delaware — Fruit rather scare*.
«xerpt cherries and blackberries; melons prom
ising.
Vfzctnta — Vegetables plentiful; apples scarce.
Ncrth Carolina — Apples* «carc», other fruit
promising; watermelons ripening.
Georgia.— Large shipments of peaches. Qual
ity rood.
Florida— Citrus fruits Improved.
Alabama — Pcsxh shipments heavy.
Arkanta* — !.<-.•.¦• potatoes b*ir.g planted;
il; " '»- and r*«cht-« promise average crops.
Teanersee — All minor crops and fruit in,
t, . ; condition.
Kentucky — Applet continue falling; peaches
<!-'• i well.
Missouri — Applet infetted with scab; other
fruits f*lr to rood.
U'.inoi*— Berries plentiful; trapes promisirg;
a.rp'*s »carc«.
Indiana— Potati^es. totnatocf. melons and
»•>*> -1 corn doing well; apples falling, but
Xrornlre fair crc;>.
West Vlrginle — Apples not failing ur> much;
fair rrop of apples «n<J r^a-Ches promised.
Ohio— Apples and plutas falling; 1 * grape*
prr>rr.!b"lnr.
Mtrhtgan— B*ans ar.d r*«a promisins; po
tatoes and sugar beets in Mr.e condition; apples
prctnij-ii^:.
WUcontin — Potatoes <ieing well; apples fair
crop: b*rrie« and small fruits llcht.
Iowa— Carly potato crop heavy; apples doing
•rrll.
Kansat — Arr>le» falling.
' <: u :.' rra and Indian Territories — Fruit light
yield.
Montana— Vegetable* and fruit* promise
wen.
Colorado— Fruit f.r.e: melons setting xvell.
V\"«sh! aster.— Light frost on 13th; drought
broken.
Orfgor. — Potaf-es and hops greatly improved:
peit-h*** rij* ar.d plentiful; applets dropping
ecn.ewhat. but pro»t<*<-i8 still guod.
Weather Report.
iirrtih Meridian. Pacific Time.)
PAN" FRANCISCO. July M — 5 p. tn.
Th» following mail^um and minimum tem
peratures ure reported for the previous day:
T?ot*on ......... .W-5S *ewr Orleans...... S8-74
flminnati KMZ.'hiladelphla S4-64
jAckfw>nviIIe Stf-72 Varhlnrton S2-63
E{ Loui« M-ffi New York S0-W
SAN FItANCI5CO C2-50
' COAtoT RECORD.
i
a C5 K O 5
cTATioNa. J Illi|8 ?r H
Baker 30.04 7S M NW Clear Too
1 art'on 29.82 M 46 KB Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka. 29.!>« CO 40 SW Cloudy .00
Fresno 23.72 102 <2 XV Clear .00
g E.FaraIlon.29.8» ft« £2 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff ....23.S8 €S S2 K Cloudy .7S
Pocatello ....29.M 60 44 SW Clear .00
lnder-eniJence 29.88 »« 69 SE Cloudy .00 |
!»• Angeles.. 23.B2 7S 62 SW Clear .00!
Mt.Tam*lpa!s JJ0.07 73 «S NW Clear .00 I
North Head... 30.08 6-8 M NW Cloudy .00
Ptioefllx . f 29.78 82 70 SW Cloudy 1.1 H
Pt. Bey*» L*L23.R3 B0 ,51 S Cloudy .00
Portland 29.88 SO 54 NW Clear .00
Red Bloff. ...29.70 102 72 S Clear .00
Roeeburr 29.00 fA 46 NE Clear .00
iSacrazne&to ..23.76 SS fcO SW Clear .00
Sales on th? California Exchange last week
were 800^ shares, valued at $JS13. the leading
sales being as follows: Associated Oil. 904
shares; California Standard, 1C0O; Independ
ence, 1000; Oil City, l-f»: Sovereign. TOO; Four.
Piedmont. Sterling and Moatet-Cristo, 500 eaca.
As shown by the monthly list of transactions.
the oil companies whose shares are Hated on
this exchange have paid to da-te- nearly $5,500.
«iOO in dtYiden-s. and the dividends paid for
the month of July amount to $1^3.920.
.The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 10 cents
per share, payable Augus: ltf-j
The Artificial BuiMlr.ff Stone Company; of
San Francisco haa levied an assessment oj 1
cent per share, delinquent August 3L
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company haa
levied an assessment cf 10 cents per share, de
linquent September 1.
The Watsonviite Transportation Company i.t
preparing to Usua $200,000 30- year 5 per cent
bonds, which will be a first lien on all th*
property of the company. The proceed* are to
be used In improving and extending tae prop
erty.
At the regular annual meeting of th» stock
holders of the North American Commercial
Company that following officers and directors
were elected: H II. Taylor, president; D. O.
Mills, vice president; Isaac Lieben. H. L. Tevla
and F. G. Drum. A. B. I>av»3 wa» elected
secretary.
The Ophir Mining Company will nor pay a
dividend for July, the directors deeming It pru
dent to keep the large surplus in ta» treasury,
now amounting to about $100,000. against con
tingencies, us the grade of the ore hast lately
decreased. The output last week was 15D min
ing cars, valued at $22 «52 per ton. Th» com
pany has just received J«!)O5 50 from the sal*
of 7 carloads of ore, which cleans up all tha
ore at the local reduction work3.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATUP.DAY. July 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask. BM. Ask.
4s qr eoup..l«i««iH:H% 4s qr cp new. 132 V« 13:1
4s nr reg...lfWV4lO«H 3s qr coup. . .106>»10«5»i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5.«. — — I Oak T Co 6s. 113 120
Asso Oil f.d. 73% — ( Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 5a. — 103I.4J Do con .'j.102% —
Cal C G 5a.l0C%105 I Oceanic 3 5s. — 72%
Cal G & E g lOm Cable tta.120 124
m & ct .">s. S4»4 S5 Pac G Im 4s. !«!% 05%.
Cal-st C 5s. — 115%! P E Ry 5a..lfW 108
«: C Wat 5a. — 100 IP & C II 6S.100 —
Edit & P fia.l24U — |P& OR 6a.ll* —
F & C H 6s.ll2% — IPowell-st 6a. — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — SO |Sac EG&R5*. 8*%inO
H C&S 5%s.lOO — ISP' & SJV3s.H7%m
Do 5s .... 00 S>9%! Sierra P. Cn.. — 115
Hon R T fts.100%107 |S P of A «i
L A Elec 5fl. — — <130?> lnfi*4 —
L A Ry 5s.. 115 — <1!HO> 1O7* 4 1CS%
L A L Co «s — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6a. — — H90»>Sr A.103%103%
Do KM !ls.!flO%104 flfl"5iSr B.104 —
LAP lem 5e 101> t — (190fi> H>5«i —
Mkt-st C fls.tl.T — O912) 116 —
Do lcm r.d.115 — SPC 1 or 5s.l!0 —
MV& MtTis.1^1% — Do stampd.KS«; —
NRR of Cto.104 105 S P B R «s.132»4 —
Do 5s IIS — JS V Wat «3. — 10T
N P C R Ss.104 1P5%! Do 4s 2dm. W'« —
N C Ry 5«.. — 112 I Do 4s 3^m. 01 —
N C P C .V«. — IV*- I Do r mt*ts !»"* —
N S R R 5s. — 101 [Ptkn G*P:Us. 90 —
O G L&H Ss.107 in* |U G & E 5s. — 10S
O W gtd 5s. — 100 j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Tnsta 38 .IS I Port Costa... — —
Martn Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 36% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
rent L * P. 3% 4 |S F G & K. 61»4 63
Mutual EL. — 14 Ptkn G * K. — 7)4
Pac L. Co... 50% — |r C 4 E Co. —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — ."MO |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..lCO 120 L P & A — 13*
Arwlo-Cal .. $4*4 S7 Mer Trust.. ..C«3 —
Bank of Cal. — 4tt> Merch Er 50 —
Cal Saf> Dp. — ISO IS F Nattonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2230 2350 Pav & L So. — 100
Hum 9 & L. — — K*e Sav Bk. — 3tVJ
Mutual Sav.ino ma Union T Co..— —
s f sav u.eoo wo 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presldla .... 41% 45
POWDER.
Giant 80% 61%! Vigorit — ¦ t » :¦:,
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 2<V: [KU.iuea S <\. — 4 >'
Hawaiian C. 52 R2*»'Makawe!I C. 23% !S
Honokaa 9 C 12 12 1 .. Oromea 9 C. — 27X4,
Hutch S P C S SSiPaaohau 9 C. 13U —
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river,
90c@$l 15 per ctl in sacks and Jlfrl 35 per
ctl in boxes; Sallnaa and Watsonvllle Bur
banks. $1 25@1 60; Early Rose. 90c@$] 10;
Garnet Chllesi. $I©1 15; old Potatoes, nominal.
ONIONS— Sllversklns. $1 40@l 65 per ctl.
VEGETABLF.S— Green Corn. $1 25@1 75 per
crate and 50c^$l per sack; Green Peas, 1%@
2%c per !b; String Beans, l<52c per lb; Wax
Beans. 1^2c prr lb; Lima Beans. 5-S6c
per lb; Tomatoes, in email boxes, nominal;
large open boxes. 2"><g:55c: Summer Squash. 20-$
30c per box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1
per sack; Cucumbers. 25'g40c per box; Pickle
Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic-. 3.3 4c per lb; Egg
Plant, 40fttX)c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal;
Green Okra. 50@70c per box: Green Peppers.
40@C0c per box for Bsll and 25g50c for Chile.
The Potato market reflected the conditions
that prevailed since the first of the week, sup
pllefc being plentiful and trade active at the
low prices. A good Inquiry was noted for low
grade stock in sacks for shipment to the South
west. Sweet Potatoes from Coachella were of
fering at 7c per pound and sold slowly, while
fresh arrivals from the river were readily dis
posed of at 3c per pound. Onions were plen
tiful and weak at previous prices.
Green Corn In crates was In good request
and brought higher prices, while everything
else lu the vegetable line was in excessive
supply and weak. and. as usual, there wag a
heavy surplus of all descriptions unsold at the
close.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The statement of
averages of the Clearinghouse for this WMk
shows: Loans $1,037,338,100. decrease $2,
511.100; deposits $1.2n4.9H5.6G0. increase $.<.
522.400: circulation $38,962,900. decrease. $1«3,
700; legal tenders $86,048,100. Increase $1,033.
100; specie *271. 182.900. Increase $5,227,500;
reserve $357,231,000. Increase $6,260, BOO; re
serve required *3Ol,241.40O. Increase $880,600;
surplus $55.9S9.6OO, Increase $5,350,000; ex-
United States deposits, $01,825,025, increase,
55.382,825.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Money — | Westing Common. 78
Call loans 2 <S3 Mining-
Time loans . ...3Vi{?4%| Adventure StVjj
Bonds — JAilouez 8 '4
Atchison 4« 102% Amal Corper E0?»
Do adj 43 P4%!Amer Zinc 11
Mex Central 4s... 62%| Atlantic R%
Railroads — IBlngham • 24*4
Atchison 76 s ; I Calumet & Hecla.475
Do pfd 95% I Centennial 24
Boston & Maine.. 16T5 j Copper Range ... 6:1*4
Mex Central 10%|Daly West U
, Union, Pacific 94»4IDom Coal 44%
Miscellaneous — Franklin 6*4
Amer Arge Chem. 14 Grancy 2'i,
: Do pfd 75 Isle Royale 10',4
Amer Piieu Tube. 4UlMass Mining 4
Amer Sugar 128% Michigan 4
Do pfd 129%|Mohawk 41%
Amer Tel «: Tel.rw lOld Dominion ... 12*4
Amer Woolen ... 1 1 <4 1 Osceola 62
Do pfd 7« I Parrot 24
Dom Iron & S... S%|QuJncy ....: fr."5
Ed Elect Ilium. ..24S iTamarack 87
Gen Electric l'il%lTrlnlty S*«
Mass Electric 17%IU S Mining 21%
Do pfd W%llT S Oil 10%
Ma.«s Gaa 38f,(UUb 37'4
Un Shoe Mach... 50 | Victoria ."»
Do pfd 31 Wir.ona 7
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 77
Do pfd 59%J
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
CHICAGO. July 30. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour was steady: winter patents,
54 80^5: straights,. $4 60(&4 65; spring pat
ents. $4 3Ofg4 70; straights, ?3 8O©4 20; bak
ers', $2 fiOft.i 30: No. 2 spring wheat, 98fii>9c:
No. 3. 8S694c; No. 2 red, 9S*4c; No. 2 corn,
4nv.c: No. 2 yellow. 51 %c: good feeding bar
ley." 35tf38c; fair to choice malting. 42-^5Oc;
No. 2 oats. 45c; No. 2 •white. 40%@41Uc;
No. 3 white. 39%c; No. 2 rye. 66c;
No. 1 fiaxseed. $1 16%: No. t Northwestern.
$1 24: prime timothy seed, $3ff3 05; mess pork.
p*r bbl. $12 JHHgl2 95; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 90
<f?C 92%: short ribs sides (loose). $7 50®
7 C2%; short clear sides (boxed). $8SS 2.">;
whisky, basis of hlirh wines, $1 28; clover,
contract grade, $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 1S.40O
Wheat, bushels 9«.0OO Z>.6OO
Corn, bushels ISS.lOrt . 159.8OO
Oats, bushels 142.100 113.50O
Rye. bushels 11.000 3,."W»
Barley, bushels 12.100 7,800
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. July 30. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day. the butter market was steady:
creamery. lS'S'l'o: dairy. ISOlSeS eggs, firm at
mark, cases Included. 12t?lG%c; cheese, steady,
7-!4«?S%c.
Cash Grai:i and Provisions.
SaJt Lak- 23.90 SO 54 K'W Pt.Cldy .00
SaaFrandsco 29.92 «2 50 SW Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.2:>.92 70 52 S Clear .00
San Diego 2!».O2 72 64 W Clear .00
Seattle .50.12 74 62 NW Clear .OO
Ppokan« :>0.fV4 78 62 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30. ltt 5S 50 N Clear .01
Walla Walla.. 30. 12 84 52 NW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .20.02 82 48 NE Clear .00
Yuma 29.74 102 82 SW Clear .00
• ,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. There has
been a slight rise in central and southern
California, but unsettled weather still pre
vails in the Sierra Nevada* and In the San,
Bernardino Mountains.
The temperature has risen in Oregon, Idaho,
northern Nevada and northeastern California-
There has been a sharp fall over the valley of
the Colorado.
Light rain is reported at Independence, Mo
dena. Flacrstaff and Phoenix.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlax midnight, July 31:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except
probably thunderstorms in the mountains;
light, southerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Sunday, except
probably thunderstorms in the mountains;
fresh, routhwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday, except thunderstorm*
In the mountains.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fcg in the morning; light southerly wind,
: changing to brisk ¦westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
The Weather and Crops.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
ICOth meridian time, San Francisco, July 30:
S K o ™ a
Sg 33 a • c-?
2, 3 3 a c
fTATIONS. R ¦ o * E.o
C C *» 2 n
•« 1 * " •» 3
.• • * » S3
: : * • ? ¦
Clcvenlale SS 50 S Clear .00
Colusa ,..97 65 .. Clear .CO
Eureka 60 40 SW Cloudy .<O
Fiesno 102 62 W Clear .00
Hanford 101 C3 .. Clear .00
Hullitter 72 51 .. Clear .00
Independence SO 06 SE Cloudy .00
King City S3 50 N Clear .00
Llvermore 92 54 .. I'lcar .00
Lo* Angeles 78 62 SW Clear .00
Merced 103 56 .. Clear .00
Napa 76 51 SE Clear .00
Newcastle 1OO SO W Oear .00
Newman 102 60 .. Clear .00
Palermo 100 60 .. Clear .CO
Red Bluff 102 72 NW Clear .00
Riverside 01 C2 .. Clear .00
Sacramento S6 60 EW Clear .00
San Diego 72 <U W Clear .00
San Francisco »Si 50 SW Clear .00
San Jose 85 54 .. Clear .00
Sar. Luis Obispo 70 52 S Clear .00
Santa Rosa SO 48 .. Clear .00
Stockton. 92 00 .. Clear .00
Willows 101 72 N Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Cojnsa — P«ars. prunes and grapes in good
condition: grapes rtpenlrg rapidly.
Cloverda'.e — Prunes ripening fast.
Riverside — Majority late Valencia oranges
now shipped.
Hanford — First car new crop peaches shipped
to-day: grapes excellent.
Livermore — Hop prospects at Pleasanton best
in years.
Palermo — Grapes developing well; crop ex
cellent.
Newman — Conditions same.
San Jose — Outlook for pears poor.
King City — Foggy morning.
Stockton — Heavier percentage cf scale on
pears than expected; market weaker.
Willows — Grap?» and pears ripening rapidly.
Holllster — Codlln moth Injuring apples in
orchards that have not been sprayed.
A. O. McADIE.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about ';'61c under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light. S%c;
Cow HMest SfiS%c for heavy and 86S%e for
light; Stasf. to; Salted Kip. Dc; Salted Veal.
10c; Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16c;
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 25@40c each: short Wool. 40@C5c each;
medium i5@90c: lontt Wool, $1@1 50; Horse
Hides, salt. *2 75 for lar^e and $2fi2 60 for
medium. $1 25(rl 75 for small and 50c for Colta.
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 5O for
medium. $lljl 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican 25c; dry Central American, 30-^32 %c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large
do, $1 25: large and smooth. 50c; medium, 25c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 434&O per lb:
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%'S3c. -
WOOL — Spring CHd — Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months'. 10S12c; do 7 months', "9®llc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13^ 17c for fre« and 12315c
for defective: Northern. lC018c for free and
14@16c for defective: Nevada. 13316c, accord
ing to 'Rendition.
HOPSA-Nominal at 25<S27%e per lb for Cali
fornia, 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quot<H.
at ltS@20c.
There is nothing new under this bead. Hides
are firm owing largely to the packing-house
strike. Hops are very steady and Wool U well
cleaned up and firm. All quotations remain as
before.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Beans continue firm, with more Inquiry re
ported by dealers In general. Llmas. Pink and
Blackeye lead In firmness, with buyers after
supplies and the holders offish about selling.
Canary and Mustard Seed continue firm and
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40^2 55; Pea. $3 9033 10;
Butters. $3 25; irmall White, $2 90-33 10; large
White. $2 40<©2 55; Pink, $.( 60^t 75; Red $4 25
<S4 50; Lima. $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys, $4 50:
Blackeye. $2 20$2 30 per ctl : Horse Beans. $2
®2 50.
' SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none h#>re; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax $1 0O@2 25: Canary,
«J>4@7c; Alfalfa, 15<S15»4c; Rape. 1%
ea2%c; Timothy. 5&c; Hemp. 3V4^3%c per lb;
Millet. 2%®3U C ; Broom Corn Se*d, $20^21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. 8^c: one tierce, !>%c; two tierces.
8c: five tl*rcea. 7?*c per lb.
The market continues dull and shows no va
riation In quotations,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb :or
heavy. 10%c for light medium, 12%c for light,
13%c for extra light and ltic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef. tl0©10 60 per bbl;
extra Meas. $1191150; Family. $12^12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50 extra clear. $21; Messi
$17 50 Dry Salted Pork, U^c; Pig Pork, $24;
Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14o per In.
LARD — Tiercn quoted at t@6%c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9*4c; 10-lb tin:). 9?4c; 5-lb tins, 9? a c; 3-Ib tins,
10c.
Provisions.
Good Dividend Shaving Made by
the Oil Companies.
All classes of stocks were c-slet. aad business
on the different boards was of a Saturday char
acter.
Onions, sks 200' Paper, reams ... 1.270
Bran, sks »70!Wlne. gal* 44.50O
Middlings sks .. l.lt>7| Quicksilver. Cska. 23
Hay. tons 468) Chicory. bbU ... 13
Straw, tons 15|
OREGON.
Wool bales 0;
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska. ..10.094! Bran. i'ij m_ m 2.T3
Wheat, ctls 4.17!) Shorts, sks ...... 2.50O
Oats, ctls eC71V>'ool. tils 1
New Pears are selling at the quotations b#
low The excitement over the Raisin question
is passing away but the situation remains
about the same and the market is of course
unsettled, with two sets of prices. Prune*
continue weak and dull.^^^
The Eutter County Association has accepted
a bid for this season's Almonds at the follow
ing prices: Nonpareil. 13c; I X L. 11.60c; Ne
Plus Ultra, 11.10c: Drake Seedling. 9.80c; Lan
cuedoe 9 30c; Golden State, 9.10c; Routiers.
9 60c- 'i.a Prima. 11.10c; Lewelllng. 9.85c.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7Vi | iiS ) %c:
Peaches 5%^?7%c per lb; Pears. t:''f9%c; Figs.
2-crown bricks 52%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown.
65c; U-crown. 75c: bulk white. 3%'8'3%c; black.
4c. Old crop — Evaporated Apples. 6%Q:7%c
pC pRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2iic for th» four
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: W-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose, a-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c; Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; seedless
Mucatels. U J 4c; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. l«-oz cartons, fancy, 5%c; choice, 6V4c;
12-oz cartons fancy. 4%c; choice, 4%c; la
bulk, fancy. 5»4c; choice. 5c; Imperial clusters.
$3; Deheyja, $2 50; fancy. $2; London Layers,
3 -crown. *1 35. 2-crown. $1 25
The packers name • quotation* as follows:
Two-crown layers, Jl; 3-crown. $1 10: 4-crown.
$1 50. while others are as low as S7%c and DCc
for 2 and 3 crown respectively. Two-crown
loose are quoted at 2T»c and 3c and 3-crown
3%c to 3%"c. The price named on fancy lfr-ox
seeded Is o' 4 c.
NUTS— Walnuts'. No. 1 softshell. i:i%«14c;
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13^13%c:
No. 2. 114fll%<- - : Almonds. 13^13%c for new
Nonpareils, 12@12%c for I X L. 12©!2%c for
Ne Plu» Ultra, Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. Il<gl3c: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY — Comb. Il%*il3c for white and 1<K>
lie for amber: water white extracted. 5®6c;
light amber extracted. 4%4i5c; dark, 3%&4V4c.
BEESWAX— 27<&'.»c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nutsjlaisinsjlor.ey.
CHICAGO. July SO— The wheat market to
day was influenced mainly by the action of the
July delivery, although a number of other fac
tors entered into the situation. The outstand
ing July shortage did not appear very exten
sive, but It was sufficient to develop the mar
ket in a feverish and unsettled condition. Un
der active covering the July option showed a
gain of about a cent at the Immediate start,
the opjnmtr quotation being at 0S%& Septem
ber was a shade lower to %@>4c higher at 00>4
«!.(>%c. Other factors Jhat contributed to the
bullish sentiment were numerous reports from
the Northwest of damage to the growing crop
by rust, and the strong tone of continental ca
bles. No quotutions were received from Liver
pool, owing to a holiday there. Soon after the
opening an active <V;niand from foreigners for
the yilstant deliveries developed, followed by
good buying by pit traders. The price of Sep
tember v.-us liftcil to i'lliiC, but reacted again
to l)0%c. Meantime July made about a cent
advance from the opening price. Later the
demand from shorts became so urgent that
July made a suillen rise to $1 0O%. Under
the influence of this sharp return distant de
liveries also advanced. September filing up to
Ul'h.c. A quick reaction, however, followed.
Small holders who had been waiting for the
price of July to reach the dollar mark tagerly
took advantage of the opportunity to eecure
profits. The celling was of sufficient volume
to cause a decline in that month to 97c At
the same time t-eptember sold off to lK)'.4c.
Renewed covering by shorts again started July
upward anil final figures were at 90 %c. Other
deliveries failed to rally, September closing at
90%c.
In sympathy with the strength of wheat a.
firm tone was manifested in the corn market
the prreater part of the day. September opened
unchanged to a shade higher at 49%c to 49%^*
49«4c. sold between 4O',4c and 49?4c and closed
at 4:)V4fiN9%c.
A small flurry In July immediately after the
closing was a feature of trading in oats. Sep
tember opened a shade lower at 33'4c. sold be
tween 33)4tP33Hc an^ closed at the low point.
Local receipts were 12i> cars.
Provisions were easy on selling for outside
account and on a lack of support from packers.
A weak hog mjrket had a depressing Influ
ence. The market closed near the low point,
with September pork down 12%@15c at $12 02%
012 95. I.nrd was off 2%#5c at $7&7 02%.
Ribs were down 2%c at $7 07%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old 9S*4 1 00% 87»4 1 00
July, new »S% 1 OO% 97 09%
September, old. !»l% J>2« 4 91% {n«x,
September, new 00% 91% 90H 1*0%
Corn No. 2 —
July 40^4 49% 48% 48*i
September 40*4 40*4 4i)i t 49%
December OTi 46% 45»4 45%
Oats No. 2 —
July 43% 45% 41>4 45
September 33% 33% 33 v« 33%
December 33% 3.1'i, 33% SS^
May 35^ 85% 35}4 35U
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 97% 12 97% 12 92% 12 92%
September 13 00 13 07% 12 92% 12 95
October 13 05 13 10 12 97% 13 00
I>ard. per 100 lbs —
July « 90
September 7 02% 7 05 7 00 7 02%
October 7 10 7 10 7 07% 7 07%
Short Ribs, per ino lbs —
July 7 C2% 7 65 7 62% 7 62%
September 7 6S 7 70 7 65 7 67%
October 70 7 70 7 67% 7 70
Future Grain and Provisions.
Pacific McilVompany receives no more Freight for Japan.
Nczv York Stocks chse t)xe week slightly lenver.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and featureless.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange rates about as before.
Lnccl Bank Clearings continue under those of last year.
Wheat and Barley firm and active and the laticr higher.
Oats zvell held. Corn higher. Rye unchanged.
Bran and oihy Feedstuff s firm. Hay still depressed.
Beans and Speeds generally firm and well held.
Potatoes in good'Uemand, zvith liberal supplies.
Onions and Vegetables plentifu I and weak. f
Poultry market zvell cleaned up and steady .
Fruit market overs^cked zvith midsummer varieties.
Dried Fruits, Ntits and JZaisins about as.bcf ore stated.
Butter steadier. Cheese plentiful and quiet. Eggs unchanged.
Provisions still dull in all positions.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Grain Bags lower, owing^to decreased grain yield.
NEW YORK. July 30. — The demand was
light for all metals, and^ quotations showed
practically no change from prices lastly quoted.
Tin. while cjulet, had a firm undertone; spot,
$26 05<g27 10.
Copper was dull and unchanged: lake.
$12 trj%e'12 S7%; electrolytic, $12 62%ig!12 75;
casting, $12 37% ©12 50.
Spelter. $4 8M4 U5.
I^ad, ?4 2O®-4 25.
Iron was quiet and nominally unchanged.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Nezv York Metal Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Southern Ry pfd.. . . 8714
Texas & Pacific .... 24%
To!. St t, £ w 244
Tol. St L & W pfd 37ii
l-nlon Pacific 22,300 95% 94T* 04Ti
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 93-H 93% tW'4
\\ abash 10%
>\ abash pfd 34 7!
Wheel & L E 14 U
Wisconsin Central H>%
WlseonalnCent pfd 3S
Mexican Central... 1,700 0% 0% 0%
Express Coir ran tee-r-
Adams .... 225
American 193
United States 105
Wells Fargo 204
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 8,300 5H4 ftl M
Amer Car it Fdy.. 100 18% 18% IS
Amer C & F pfd 77
I Amer Cotton Oil.. 200 26% 26% 26
Ainer Cot Oil pfd SO
American Ice 100 6>j 6% ti%
i American Ic« pfd.. 200 27 27% 27%
Amer Linseed Oil. 100 0 1 9 R%
; Amer Lin Oil pfd I 26
Amer Locomotive:. 300 21 ; 21 20»i
Amer Smelt & Ref 1.600 56Ti 50?i 5C*i
Amer S & R pfd 09
Amer Sugar Ref.. 200 12S»4 12S»; 125> ! '4 J
Anaconda Min Co 70%
Brook Rap Trans. 1,400 51 50% 50%
Cold Fuel & Iron.. 200 34*4 34*4 84% j
Consolidated Gas.. K<0 1P2% 192 : i4 102% 1
Corn Products 200 12% 12% 12%
Corn Products pfd *W
Distiller^ S«-cu 2H4
General Electric W
International Paper 13
Internl Parser pfd
International Pump 200 31V4 31 .10%
Internl Pumta pfd " 73
National Lead 600 20% 20% 2O»4
North American S5%
Pacific Mall 25->4
People's Gas 300 99*4 03 Vi D0%
Pressed Steel Car 32*4
Pr Steel Car pfd 70-
Pullman Pal Car 216
I Republic Steel 7
Republic Steel pfd 43
Rubber Goods 1S>4
Rubber Goods pfd 78%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 600 43«4 43 43
U S Leather 7%
U S Leather pfd S3
U S Realty 47Vi
IT S Rubber 200 13% 19% 19U
U S Rubber pfd... 500 7<;% 75% 74
IT S Steel S0O 11»4 11% 11%
U S Steel pfd 7.400 60 59% 59»4
WesUnghoune Elee 156
Western Union 100 SS 88 S7?4
Total sales 77.600 shares
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 30.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Bid. 4Vi; asked, 4%. Preferred —
Bid. 40%; asked. 41 >4.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L &. N unified 4S.10OS-4
Do coupon ....1O4%! Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 5s reg 104%jMex Central 4s... C2%
Do coupon 105?, | Do 1st inc 14
Do new 4s reg.131 |Minn & St L 4s.. 9t>%
Do coupon 132'4 M. K & Texas 4s. !•!)%
Do old 4s reg.lO6»-.j Do 2ds S0%
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 77
Atch gen 4« 10:<V»'N Y C gen .T%s..lOO
Do adj 4s 95 |N J C gen 5s....l32Ti
Atlantic C L 4s. 99>,;iNor Pac 4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO2T»l Do 3s 74!»
Do 3%s 95 I Nor * W con 4s.l01%
Central of Ga. 5s.llOU|oSL 4s & partlc. 97
Do 1st Inc 70% Pa oonv 3%s 97*4
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l&i>%| Reading gen 4s... 5)9
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7S«4|S L & I M con 5e.llC%
C. B & Q new 4s. Ott»*|S L. & S F fg 4s. 82%
CM & SP en 4S.100 |St Louis SW 1st*. «5>-,
O & NW con 7s. 130 Seaboard A L 4s. 70 H
C R I & Pac 4s. 71% So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s Rl% fio Railway 5s 114Vj
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01 Tex & P«c i»ts..H7%
Chi Term 4s 73% Tol. St L & W. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. €3% Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s 85 Do conv 4s 101%
C F & I con 6s. 74" 8 IT S Steel 2d 5s.. 7S
Den & Rio G 4s. 101 \Vabai=h lsts IIS
Erie prior Hen 4s. »8»4 Do deb B 5S%
Do gen 4s 84%! TV & L Erie 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts.lO4t;|Wia Central 4s... 69%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8 |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 25| Ontario 3 5i»
Breece HiOphlr 2 2»
Bruns Con C9I Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel CSU'oto3i i;j
Con Cal tc Va... 1 (5. Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 50! Sierra Nevada 20
Iron Silver 1 50: Small Hopes 20
Leaiiville Con ... C2| Standard- 2 00
Rolled Barley is very itrong In sympathy
¦with the raw grain. Bran and Middlings con
tinue firm, Hay Is still weak and dull, with
excessive supplies still to bo worked off before
the market can resume its normal status.
BRAN— $21022 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24(829 per ton.
SHORTS— 2 lift 22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $22@>23
p«r ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. j:i 50*33*.! 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake, $22®23: Corn
Meal, $30 50^31 50: Cracked Corn, ISIUM;
Mixed Feed. $22*622 50; Horse Beans. $30^40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $ < J < 3U. with $12tfl2 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. W^ll; Oat. $7 60®
11; Barley and Oat. $7igtt 50; Volunteer Wild
Oat. *7«9: stable, $7«O 50; stock. $t» 50@7 50;
Clover. $7 50^0 50; Alfalfa. $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50S 70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60® j
4 DO. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50^4 80; 1
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S0@l 25
per bbl. :
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as J
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs; ,
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour, '
$7; Corn Meal. $'1 50; extra cream do, $4 25; I
Oat Groats. $t 50; Hominy, $434 25; Buck- '
wheat Flour. $4 50«4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4; |
Farina. $t 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 73: ,
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25flS 60; In sacks. $t$ 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6: Spilt Peas, boxes. 57;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8SV* I
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 M>h
New York Exchange, sight — 10 >
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12S '
Silver, per ounce — 5S*»
Mexican Dollars 40 Q iw,- .
INTERNATIONAL. x . |
New York on Mexico - 215 I
Berlin on London 20.40V*
Paris on London 25.24
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — There were no Liverpool quota
tions, aj It was a bank holiday In England.
Chicago advanced, but fell back. The weath.
er in the Northwest was unfavorable and the J
sentiment was generally bullish. I
News from the East was scanty owing to !
derangement of the wires.
In this market futures were higher, with a
brisk business and the sentiment bullish. The
cash grain ruled firm, but quotations were no
higher.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 35@l 40; California White
Australian. 51 55$ 1 57',,: Northern Club.
?l 35<gl 37U; Northern Bluestem, $1 62H&
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 tc 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. doM.
December ...$l 41% $1 41% $1 41% $1 41 «4
BARLEY — Light offerings and the prevail- j
ing brisk demand all over the State keep the !
market firm, and there was a further advance [
yesterday. No choice Feed could be touched j
under $1 05 and quotations for Chevalier were j
also advanced. Futures were active and high- ;
er, with the shorts covering. The feeling was
very bullish.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 02\i<Ql 05; new Brewing and Ship
ping. i\ 07M>ei 15; Chevalier, $1 17V401 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos*.
December ...$1 C6Vi $1 OOVi $1 Otfi; $1 06Vi !
OATS — Sellers report a very steadily held j
market, with offerings moderate and the de
mand fair. Seed lots are held - with especial I
firmness.
Red. $1 27U@1 32}i for feed and $1 300
1 37 4 for seed; Black. $1 25 for feed and $1 30 -
Ql ::. r i for seed. |
CORN — Receipts and stocks are light and j
the market is quoted firm, with prices rather >
higher. , **
Western sacked. $1 47?45J1 55 for Yellow and
White and $1 45<gl 50 for Mixed; California
large Yellow. 51 50-gl 57H: small round do, '
?1 55i5l 60; White, nominal; Egyptian. $1 30®
1 35 for .White and $1 25<?1 30 for Brawn.
RYE— $1 25-gl 30 for new. j
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at.$l 75®2 per ctl.
NEW YORK, July 30.— Futures opened
steady and closed steady, i August. 10.22c;
September, 9.93c; October. 8.76c; November,
0.66c; December. 9.68c: January, 9.73c; Feb
ruary. 0.74c: March. 9.76c.
. Spot cotton closed quiet. Uplands, 10.70c;
gulf, 10.95c: no sales.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
rather than otherwise, . and on certain lines
quotations are refused. In the hope that more
can be secured later.
lly absorb, while Strawberries and Raspberries
ruled firm at higher prices. . Citrus and Tropi
cal fruits wore moderately active and previous
prices ruled for all descriptions.
STRAWBERRIES— $5<&7 per chest for Long
worths, $Cg7 for Alvlso Berries and $3S4 50
for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— Nominal.
BLACKBERRIES— $ I J0©3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES'— $769 per che?t.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 40373c:
in bulk. $3u@40 per ton. with some fancy
higher.
APPLES— $1@1 25 per box for fancy. 65083c
for choice and 35®50o for common; Crab Ap
ples. 60ig60c for email boxes.
PEARS— Bartlett. 73ctfr$l per box for wrap
ped stock. In open boxes. $30 per ton for No.
1 and 40®ri0c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES — Small boxes 3t«ff5Oc: open boxes
and carriers. 60® 65c; lus boxes. 75cig$l;
baskets, OCgiSOc.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Plums. 4<>360o p*T
crate and 25@40c per small box; In bulk. $20
per ton for canning varieties. Prunes, 606730
per crate and 30>850c per small box.
FIGS — 60@76c for single layer and $1®1 50
for double layer boxes; large boxes from the
river — — »
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $1 50@l 75 for large
crates and 5Oc®$l for small; Nutmeg Melons
from the river. 60@S5c per box; Watermelons.
$1&3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless. 50@S5c per box or crate;
Fontalnebleau. 40®«6c: other varieties. Sr.@S5c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Orangey $1 5032 50 per
box for Valenclas and $1 25(91 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweeta; Lemons. $2 25S2 75 for fancy,
$1 50® I 75 for choice and $1(8123 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. $1@1 50; Mexican Limes.
$4 £-4 50 per case; Bananas. $1 50<32 60 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 5O®2 50 per doien.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,-. "SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1901.
STOCK 31AEKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
AUCTION SALES
THE AUCTIONEER
AUCTION ANXOrNCEMTOTT.
PALATLVL RESIDENCE.
I an Instructed to sell by C. V. itmgJU
STEIN. ESQ.. to the highest bidder wltiiout
reserve or limit.
AT PUBLIC ACCTICW.
HOUSEHOLD FURNISHINGS. OTUGHT
GRAND PIANO.
TUESDAY, Aug. 2. 11 o'clock a. el.
On the premises.
231S OCTAVIA ST.. bet. Broadway and "VaHaJa
A GREAT OPPORTUNTTT.
ALL AT YOUR OWN PRICE.
WILSON— THAT 3 ALL.
5^ AT AUCTION £*
A lot of well-broken cot sea aafl 2 rnbbe*-
tlred buggies' at 122 GROVE 6T U on MOXDAY.
AUG. 1. at 11 o'clock. S. WATK2N3. Auc-
tioneer
120 HOXSES POB SAT.IL
Another consignment — By order of MR. X. C
DIXON of Colusa. Cal.. I win sell at
PUBLIC AUCTION
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTT BROKEU
AND UNBROKEN HORSES, weistins from
10«X> to 14C0 Bounda,
This consignment cast'.ats of a verr •elect
lot of young geMlaga aad taarea suitable for
all class of work.
Sal* takes slxco
WEDNESDAY. AUG. 3, at 11 a. m.. at
J. B. HORAN'S BALE YARD. Cor. lOCi an*
BRYANT ST3.
Hones can be seen at yard asy day
previous to sale.
S.IWATKIN3. XnetSonetr.
£** £?* £?a
Any one In need of a good hora«. wagoc%
buggies, surreys, carts and harness ef all kinds
will do well to be on hand at 1140 FOLSOM
ST.. TUESDAY. August 2. 11 a. m. WiL
CLOUGH. Auctioneer. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
E. F. HUTTON & CO.
••BANKERS" I
33 and 35 New St., N°w York. !
MEMEERS New York Stock Exchang* \
New Ycrk Cotton Exchange '
, N«w York Coffee Exchange
Chicago Board of Trade
Will open an office at No. 490 California
st. (Hayward building) on August 2. with
Mr. Rtchard E. Mulcahy as niana^sr;
operating over the Logan & Bryan private
loused wires; deallnx in all kinds of East-
ern securities and Chicago grain aad pro-
vlslona "
A bond department will be a feature of
the business, and will be In charge of a
first-class bond man who has had many
yenrs' experience in WalK«street. '
Weekly bond - circulars, bidding and
offering strictly Kilt-edged" bonds, will be
mailed upon application. ,
We will advance funds upon good gllt-
edgrd Eastern securities.
SAN FRANCISCO Telephone Main 3070.
NEW YORK Telephone Broad 3177.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. JULY 31, 190-1
42
j SEAL ESTATE— CITY— rOB SASB. j
SllAlAW AL1), BUCKlitK As CO..
- - 21S and 220 Montgomery it..
, V Mills building.
$4,5CO — Clay st., near Locust: fine lot, S3x
lC^SU feet; ready to build ou.
j . . ?\
j 1 8,250 — Devlsadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with j
flne 2-story residence; lof 20xlu0 ft-: I
, price is very reasonable.
$23,0<X> — Washington St., near Locust; new
Presidio Heights residence; grand ma-
rine view; 12 rooms and .baths; lot 55x
J 127:SVi ft-; one 01 the choicest bargains
in thia beautitul section.
I S10.000 — Filbert St., near Hyde; flne marine
view; residence oC lo rooms and bath;
lot 4Sxl37:ii ft.
$28,000— Bush-st. flats, northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resl-
! dence en Pierce St.; 7 and S rooms in.
'. flats: N rooms and bath in residence;
i rents about $200 per month; lot 30x100;
always rented.
$7,000 — Broadway, nr. Devisadero; flne site for
residence; lot 3S:6 feet front; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
$C,000 — Devisadero, near Haight: residence, 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125. ,
$7,500— Howard St.. near Eighth;^ flats rent-
ing for $64 50 per month; lot 25xS5 feet.
$7,500 — Union-»t. corner, near Devisadero:
elegant marine view; lot 82:6x110 feet;
must be sold.
$3,250 each— Filbert, near Scott; magnlflceit
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 65x137:0 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms.
$17,000 — 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison. 70x85 ft.;
fine site for factory or waretiouse pur-
poses.
$775 each — Choice marine view lots; Lake
et., 26th and 27th aves.; ready to build
or; price Includes all street work, eew-
ers and sidewalks; will double in value
In one year; cash or easy terms if de-
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
,
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery at.. Mills bid.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
Opposite Mills bldg. entrance, phone Main 123.
$4,000 — Rents $600; close to Third and Folsom
sts.; 5 flats on lot. 4OxS0; the biggest
snap ever offered.
$4, CCO — Rents $4S0; near Seventh and Folsom
sts.; 4 sunny 3-room apartments; always
rented; In excellent condition.
$5,500 — Rente $600; 2 modern bay-window flats
on Church st. ; choice location; one year
old; cost J5C00 to build; owner anxious
to sell; large mortgage can remain; lot
25x00. .
$7,000 — Rents $720; 2 handsome shingle 5-6
room flats, new and modern; very ar-
tistic: magnificent view; near Frederick
and Stanyan sta.; lot 25x80; make an
offer.
$7,500 — Rente $786: 3 sunny bay-window flats,
close to the Park Panhandle; cost $6S0O
to build; 8 years old; a rare chance to
speculate; lot 25x100.
$9,0CO — Rents $060; three imposing flats on
Folsom St.. close to Twelfth: t>-7-7 rooms
and bathe; never vacant; 2 years old;
the best and cheapest In vicinity; lot
25xS0. U
$15,400 — Handsome corner on beBt part of De-
visadero «t.; cost $14,000 to build a few
years ago; store and 2 eight-room flat*
above; has never been vacant: $11. COO
mortgage can remain; pays 0 per cent;
lot 32x100; not all built on.
$25,000 — Rents $2400 per year on 6-year lease;
lot 50x137:6; close to Sutter and Van
Ness; 33-room rouse; a great buy.
RESIDENCES.
$2,200 — Mission cottage. 5 rooms and bath: lot
29x115; near Twenty-fourth and Dia-
mond sts.; a snap foreclosure sale.
$6000 — Handsome 2-story residence; Scott St.,
near Page; 7 rooms and bath.
$7,500 — North side of Washington st.. near
Fillmore: 9 rooms' and bath; lot 25xlOf>.
$S,5C0 — Elegant 2-story 8-room residence;
north side of Ha'.ght St., near Baker;
modern in all respects; new plumbing;
lot 25x137:0; owner anxious to tell;
make an offer.
LOTS.
$160 per fror.t foot; marine view lots; north
Hide of Jackson »t., near Central ave.
fC.OOO— Handsome building site, 27:0x127; on
Bu.sh St., near Buchanan.
$5,500 — Best building lot on Fillmore St.; 2Sx
110; in heart of business and commercial
center, near Geary st.
$6,000 — Beautiful residence site on Presidio
Heights; 50x137:6; near Clay and Maple
ats. ; magnificent view in all directions.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 2C7 Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 61S MARKET ST.
ELEGANT DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$19.C00 — Thref* new modern flats, up to date
in all d-etails; S rooma, bath, etc.; halt block
from St. Mary's Cathedral: rents over $t9C0;
lot 25x137:6: one of the best buys on the
markrt. ,
$13,500 — Three elegant new flats, 7 rooms and
bath each; on Washington St.; always rented;
pays $1500; big valrfe.
*10.0CO — Mason St., near Broadway; 4S:9x
100; 7 flats; rent $1C«8; big: valu*T"-
CHOICE RESIDENCE.
$9750 — Beautiful modern residence on Wash-
ington st., near Webster; lot 25:4xl27:SV4; !>
rooms and bath.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
MAKE OFFER.
$9C00 — Southeast corner Central ave. and Oak
St., facing the park panhandle; lot 49:5x110; j
let us show you how to build on this lot: you
can make IS per cent' on the money invested.
A GREAT BUY.
$7750— a three-story building, well built,
which can easily be remodeled Into flats; they
will rent well and pay bts; on the key lot
from Polk st.. near California; lot 25xl27:8'4;
$2000 ppent on this property will s?U it for
jli.,000: If you want to make a turn, let us
show you how to do It.
$f;$ftn — Large lot, 50xS0; 4 good fia^s; rents
$714; Lexington ave., near ISth; always^rented;
bis value,
. $0750— Rents $912; 6 flats near Golden Gate
Turk; ,lot 25x100.
$CC50 — Thre<> handsome new modern flat.i;
up to date in all details; rents $S10; near Mis-
sion and 14th sts. ,
Sr.'uO — Handsome residence, fl rooms. In the
b«et condition; on Brodsrlck St., n?ar Haight; j
lot 23x100.
$5000 — Three 6-room houses in the very best
of condition, en Bernard St., near Taylor;
rents $5<H; lot 47 ft. front. . -
100 FKET FR.OM MARKET ST.
$4250 — Two flats of fi-6 rooma and bath;
good p'.umblne, etc.; rents $4S0.
$3500 — Two handsome flatB on Sanchez st. ;
always rented; lot 25x109; pays $540.
53100— Sunny side Perry St.. n;ar 4th; 2 good
flats; rents $100.
?1700 — Well-built residence, 0 rooms; gas.
T/ater. etc.'; on Kansas st., near 17th; lot
25xlC0; rents S1U.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., C4S MARKET ST.
J8S00— ASHBURY St.; 0 rooms, bath, lot 50x
106.
Waller st. near Stanyan; lot 55xS5; make
offer. ¦ - , -
Scott St.. near CFarrell; cottage; lot 25x90.
$1200 — Cottage, 4 rooms; 5 lots.
'$5800 — Guerrero St., bet. 21st and 22d; 8
. roome, bath; lot 32x117. * -. #
?2500 — Dolores St.. bet. 23d and 24th; lot
25x117:0.
$3000 — Waller st.. near Devisadero: 8 rooms,
bath: lot 23x110.
Pine et., near Taylor; 3 new flats: price re-
duced.
PATTERSON, Examiner bldg., room 202.
CITY OF RICHMOND. I
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
The California terminus of the Santa F-; 1
Railroad and the Standard OU Company is a: I
Richmond; jus>t across the bay from San Fran- j
Cisco, where these corporations are ependlnsr j
millions of dollars. Buy a lot If you want to
make money. Address RICHMOND LAND
COMPANY, Crocker building. San Francisco.
$Gr*O— NE cor. 10th ave. and B St., 32:0x100 ft.
$!7. r ) — Level lots: gas, waier; only lots In
block not built uton; Vi cosh. Apply 12U
1'owtll st.
MUST be sold Immediately to close an estate:
. lot 2Sxll6; Fillmore St., between Post and
Geary. American Jewelry. and Novelty Co.
THREE magnificent new flats for sale on the
, SE. cor. ISth and Diamond sts. DAVID
;, CONDON, builder and owner, on premises.
CHEAP lot in Richmond District: level; ready
• to bulldi on. GEO. I. LAMY. 30 Crocker big./
BEAIiESTATS — CITY— TOS SAEZ.
EASTON'. ELDRIDGE & CO..
uv^.lay. " August 2. 1904.
FKLL-ST. FLATS.
Xcs. SI1-13-17 'Fell St., west of Fillmore; 3
ikgant. modern houses, containing 0 rooms
and bath each. finij-hrrt attic, basement,
beamed ceilings, patent heaters, tiled bath-
rooms; unexcelled panoramic and marine view:
lot 25x65 feet.
LANGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 241-41 Uj, 24;{-4."Vi Langton St., north-
west of Bryant: lot 25x75 feet; 4 substantial
flats of 3 rocms each brick foundation; rent
$40 per month; mortgage $1350 at 6 per cent
can remain.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 474-74^4 476-76% Tehatrta St.. east of
Fixth; lot 25x75 feet; Improvements consist of
4 modern flats containing 3-4 rooms each; rent
$52 per month.
" -. MISSION FLATS.
«. w os - 11= 2-22H Treat ave.. north of Twenty-
flfth st.; lot 25x112:0 feet; 'improvements con-
sist of 2 elegant flats of 5-0 rooms and bath
each; rent $»2 50 per month.
FULTON ST. BUILDING LOTS.
ttvo flne building lots on the north line of
Fulton .St., 15C:3 feet east of Central ave.;
jots all graded; strett sewered and. bitumin-
lz<*u; cement sidewalk and stcne curb; each lot
25x137:0 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
1533 to 1563 Inclusive: Masonic ave.,
south of Piedmont st.; 3 elegant, modern 2-
ftory buildings, each containing 2 flats of 5-6
rooir.s: new and modern in every respect; each
apartment rents for $22 fO per month; gross
rental for the three buildings $135 per month;
eacji lot 25x100 feet; will sell property as an
entirety or each building can be sold sepa-
rately If so desired; we can arrange liberal
terms credit If the party desires.
MISSION 1 INVESTMENT.
southwest corner Nineteenth and Hampshire
sts. : 2-story, bay-window building, consisting
of 2 flats of 5-6 r«orr.s each: lot 2Sx9l feet;
mortgage 52C0O In the Humboldt Savings Bank
can remain.
FOLSOM-ST. FLATS.
Ncs. 2120-22 Folsom St.. south of Seventeenth;
lot 24x122 feet: improvements consist of 2 flne
flatst of 4-5 rooms, porcelain bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation; rents J43 50 per month;
built cnly 3 years
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
> No. 2C0 Minna st., oast of Third; key lot. 20x
«0 feet; substantial dwelling thereon.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & Col
„ „ 63S MARKET STREET
$19,500 — Post st., through to a rear street; 63
foot frontage ; 3 large houses facing on
Post st and 2 rear cottages; renta $135
,,_„ Per month; mortgage $10,000.
$17, .50 — Great reduction from original price.
Hayes gt., near Laguna, 55 feet
through to a rear street; 7 substantial
2-story dwelling*; permanently rented
at $146 per month. The property is be-
ing sold to close an estate. An extra-
ordinary chance for a safe Investment
and room for speculation.
$17,000 — 50- foot frontape on Tehama st. ; 9
beautiful flats containing 3-4-0 rooms;
permanently rented at $143 per month;
well worth investigation.
$15,000 — Fillmore- st. flats; brand new 7 rooms, j
with salon parlor?, beamed and paneled
Walla and ceilings In the dining-room;
Combination gas and electric light fix-
tures, porcelain tubs; front of outside
finished with pressed brick; rent $120
per month.
$15,000— California St., 55-foot frontage; 2 old
residences of S rooms each and wash-
room; rent 500 per month.
$10,900—3 elegant new modern flats of 6-6-7
rooms and porcelain bath: rents $1230
per annum; Pacific Heights; with un-
excelled marine view, sunny side of
street; mortgaKe $60C0 at 6 per cent;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$7,000 — 20th St., not far from Dolores; house
of 8 rooms and bath; porcelain tuba;
3 mantels; basement.
$5,000 — Mission corner; 51-foot frontage;
large "L" off lot; beautiful residence
tlureon; 7 rooma and bath; a perfect
beauty: well worth your consideration.
$5,0C0— Investment south of Market; 4 lia:e
of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $4S mo.
$3.500 — Greenwich Bt.. lV}-story cottage of 5
rooms and porcelain bath; rent $20 per
month; lot 25x1 CO feet.
(2,850 — Magnificent cottage of 5 room* and
porcelain bath; beautiful surroundings; !
sunny belt of Mission.
$1.250 — A building lot on Ashbury st.. run-
ning through to Tremont ave.; 20-foot
frontage; unsurpassed vl?w.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street.
SPECK & COf,
209 MONTGOMERY ST.,
REAL ESTATE.
Selling. -,», Rents Collected.
Leasing. » Insurance.
$42,500 — Swell NW. corner; 50 by about 100;
3 frontages; east of Larkln St.. south of
Sutter; snap; $25,000 bank mortgage can
remain.
$10,000— J42O0 yearly rent; lot 82x275; 2 front-
ajres; main streets; can be leased for
$400 per month; lot only partly Im-
proved.
$25,000— J24C0 yearly rent; $15,000 6 per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x
137 :H ft.
$20.0C0 — $1740 yearly rent; Polk-st. business
property; laree lot; snap.
$13,COO— $1740 yearly rtnt; lot 75 feet front;
Al location; Western Addition.
$10,000— $lli^0 yearly rent; 3 new flats on Ellis
St.: splendid tenants; close In.
$12,000— *1 :tM> yearly rent; .1 new Western Ad-
dition flats; closo to Golden Gate Park.
$0,000— $M0 yearly rent; 2 splendid flat» with
11-ft. basement that could, at small ex-
pense, be made Into flat; lot alone worth
$<;000; 2 frontages.
$8,500— SflOO yearly rent; Paciflc-st. business
corner; a cood buy.
$6,700 — ?0O0 yearly rent; 3 flne flats close to
G. O. Park, on car line; best part of
Richmond district; a sure bargain.
$5,500— $570 yearly rent; pays 1 per cent per
month net; new improvements; down-
town business, south ot Market.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
f0, 000— Near Waller and Masonic; 75x125;
want offer.
$4,000 — Market st.: 25x100; close to coming
business section.
$3,500 each for 2 flne Webster-st lots; 25x
100 ft.
$3,500— r>Cxl23 ft.; Masonlc-ave. lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK A CO., 200 Montgomery St.,
Opposite Mills building.
B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer."
New Block! Richmond District! New Elock!
21st ave., bet. Clement and Point Lobos.
Builders, Attention!!!
21st ave.— Graded, Sewered, Gas and Water.
Lots graded and level to build homes on.
Bargains'.!'. See them at once. Very easy terms.
$350 to $1200— Sunset Heights Lots— $5 up mo.
$250 to $500 — North of the Park Lots
Opposite SprecUels Lake and New Speed Track.
$350 to $500— lOth-ave. boulevard lots— $5 mo. !
$60 to ?R50— Ocean Heights and Oceanslde Level I
Lots. Splendid view; $5 monthly payments, i
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead Level Lots
City Water — Fine Car Service — ?5 monthly.
$75 to $100 — Ocean View Lots, level to built! on.
City water— Your own terms— See them.
$1000 to J50C0— Cottages and houses— Monthly
payments.
Call at my office, • Room 22, Second floor.
Chronicle Building.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
¦Jv.:'-- 203 Montgomery bt.. opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL KSTATE.
Foreclosure, I'robnte and Forced Sales of All
Kinds will be Found in Our
XTP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An illusliatcil monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list of cheapest properties
offered en the market in every location. Send
us ycur address and we will mall you one.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
203 Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
MISSION st. lots near 30th st.
Douglatis st. near Alvarado st.
22d st. near Hoffman nve.
$<J50— 23d st. near Castro st.
Beautiful lots, 2S:Cxll4 ft.; # block from
car, near (.'astro ft.
Lot on cast line of 7th ave. near Clement.
Corner lot; fln<? business location on 23d st.,
one block from car.
Boulevard lots: Fulton St. Park entrance;
flne level lota; marine view.
All our lot* tire sold on easy monthly pay-
ments. We will build you a first-class mod-
ern house nccording 10 your. own Diane, to
be paid for same as rent, - on any of the
above lots. Call and ace us and we will
show you a number of hourca that we are
now building, first-class in every respect.
WEISSBEIN BROS. &. CO.,
OWNERS AXD HOME PROVIDERS.
<J16 Sacramento st., near Montgomery.
51250— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; on Lundy lane;
?1200, cottage, 4 rooms, lot. 25x120: Silver
ave.: $1000, cottage, -1 rooms. Lundy lane
snap;' $700 down and $25 mo., cottage 0 ¦»'
and b. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.'
FEW nice lots left, with street work done,
on Eleventh ave. near Point Lobos ave See
owner. J. BURGOYNE, 2110 Point Loboj
ave.. near Eleventh ave.'
FOR sale— A sunny comfortable house of s
rooms, bath. yard, two-story stable, work-
shop, etc. Apply afternoons «t 20 Pearl st.
off Market, near Thirteenth.
BEAUTIFUL homo In Belmont. San Mateo
County: near station} modern house; large
lot, barn. etc. W. W. GRIFFIN.' 3445 Eight-
eenth st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE — S7C0O; I lot, nearly new two- flat
bouse; desirable location. Box 3404, Call.
j BE AX ESTATE— CITY— FOB SAI.Z. .
{ BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
25 POST STREET.
U l 1 L.
BRODER1CIC STREET -
J" i«0
SOLD r
* 2 2 a 1
! »» ¦¦"-¦!!.
! . I - - I * ' 1
. H 5 s r t •
•asa*— {-»»»
¦
?2500. $2500. $2500.
These choloe building lots; street work all
dene; lots ready lor building; suitable for
houses aud flats.
$2,C00 each — 3 lots on west side of Hyde St.,
right where the cars stop at Beach St.;
unsurpassed marine view; nothing- like
there lots tor view and price to be had
anywhere.
$3,500^ — Choice marine view corner lot. 68:0x
110; can be subdivided and sold at a
profit; Larkin and Beach sts., 1 block
from Hyde-st. cars; cannot obstruct the
view.
j ? 16,500 — Rents $1660 per annum; pays SH per
cect net: new building Just finished; ex-
cellent business location: store and 2
fiats; store leased for 5 years; extra
large lot, 41 : 6x127: 8 '.i; Sacramento st.
$5,650 — Rents $D2 per month; 'lllnna st., near
Seventh; 4 flats of 4 rooms each.
$5,250— Rent* $45 per month: Greenwich st.,
near car line; new building of 2 flats,
f> and 0 rooms and bath each; lot 30x125.
— — Ja
Send to our office for a copy of the Buyer
and Seller, our monthly catalogue containing
a complete list of properties for sale. Fpm for
the asking.
We have a branch office at the corner of H
st. and 7th ¦ave., fronting the Park. Take
Ellis and Devieadero "sts. cars. Office open
Sundays and holidays. Horse and phaeton to
show rou around. Most complete list of Sun-
set, Richmond, Park Front, Parnassus Heights
snd Ocean Boulevard home building lots on
the market. Also cottages, homes and flats.
Your own terms — small first payments — bal-
ance easy monthly installments. Go out to-
day and be shown around.
LION & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st."
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7750 — Eesy terms; $2000 cash, balance !
monthly; 8 splendid large rooms, reception
I hall, hot air furnace, flne basement, etc: this
j house is beautiful in design; commands excel- ;
I lent views; accepted Etreet: everything done;
Interior finish unusually good; hardwood floors;
curly redwood In halls, etc.; dining-room ei-
pecially elaborate; take Halght-st. cars, get ]
j off at Scott st. end walk two blocks south to ;
• Duboce ave. ; house close to Duboce Park;
I oren daily for Inspection between 11 and 4.
BARGAIN— CORNER WESTERN ADDITION.
$6000 — Large corner, 43x107:0; not far from [
DtvUadero: improvements consist of 6-room i
ctttage. This is an excellent cornsr to im- 1
rrcve. '
BARGAIN NEAR JEFFERSON SQUARE.
$18,500^ — On sunny side of Golden Gate ave.:
an exceptionally large lot. nearly 70 feet front-
age; Improvements nominal; this is a good
speculation ; property bound to increase In ,
value. 1
A SNAP— MISSION FLATS. !
$4100 — Near 2-'»d and Hampshire sts.: 2 flne
flats in Al shape of 5 rooms and bath each;
very light and sunny; renting location excel-
lent; rtreot bltumlnized: lot 27x100.
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$7000— Rented low at $S4O; 3 bay-window
flats of 5-5-6 rooms and bath; brick founda- ;
tionft; concrete foundations; street bltumlnlzed;
on Noe. >
BIG INTEREST— FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$21,500— Rents nearly $200; half block from
Market St.: cubstantial Improvements, consist-
ing of stores and flats; always rented; thia Is
unquestionably a bargain and one that will
be taken at once; it will pay you to be quick.
FI&E MISSION FLATS.
$6500 — Rents $60*3; 3 good, substantial flats,
4-4-5 rooms and bathj large lot; over 30 feet
frontage, assuring abidance of sun and light;
near Thirteenth and Howard sts.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,0W) — Large lot, over 60x100; good, sub-
stantial improvements; rented very low for
! $173; cplendid district.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS,
i «050O— Rents $1020; 3 brand new flats, Ju?t
¦ crmpleted, containing 5 rooms and bath each:
I street bltuminlzed; surroundings well Improved
j with fine buildings; on Pine st., not far from
; IXvisartpro. •
CORNER— WESTERN ADDITION.
$17,lK)0— Rents $1800 per annum: 5 years'
lease; close to California st.; splendid Invest-
ment.
i LYON & HOAO, 116 Montgomery st.
1 A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents,
112 Montgomery st.
SCOTT STREET.
! A beautiful brick and etone residence; most
modern tn every respect; unobstructed marine
view; Interior hardwood finish; has 16 rooms
1 and 0 baths; lot 50x112:6; call for permit to
; inspect premises.
: $13,000— Make an offer; two elegant up-to-date
flats; every modern Improvement; vesti-
bule halls; billiard-room; lot 23:0xl2S;
: Jackson St., near Baker.
$13.000 — Van Ness ave.; 2 flats near Broadway;
7 rooms and bath In each; rent $02 50'
per month: lot 25x100.
$12,000— Pacific ave., between Van Ness and
Brondway; residence and lot. 30x132.
$12,000 — Washington st.. near Webster; resi-
dence and lot, 34x127 :S>i.
$10,500—2421 Sacramento st., near Walnut; fin*
new modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath; flne electric fixtures; vestibule
hall; tile bathroom; lot 28:3x100; make
an offer.
$S,000 — Ashbury rt. : new, modern, up-to-date
residence; 8 rooms and bath; English
basement; lot 29x106:6.
j $7,500— Oak st.. near Fillmore: 2 modern Im-
proved flate; G and 7 rooms and bath.
$7,250 — Fillmore st. ; modern residence; eight
rooms and bath.; marine view; lot 87:6
feet frontage; want an offer. 1
$7,000— Clayton *t.. near Frederick; modern i
houw; 26x101:3.
$6,250 — Pine St., near Hyde; cheapest home In
; the city; contains 9 rooms and bath;
1 everything In the best of order; new
plumbing; porcelain bathtub* etc.
I $5,250 — Jackson Ft., near Baker; fine resi-
dence; lot 28:9x128.
$4,500— Stockton «t.. near California; lot 30x
60 to Brooklyn place; flne location for
• j flats; marine view.
$5,000 — Clement st.. near Fifth ave.; house of
1 10 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$2,500 — Jackson st., near First ave. boulevard*
lot 25x128. ' 1
$1,250— Lot £5x80; Tremcnt ave., near Fred- 1
erick st.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
, ' 112 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We Lead tn Sales of Oceanslde Lots t Why? «
Choice st. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
. Climate!
' ; Don't Miss This Golden Opportunity!
,$500 to $1200 — Graded; ready for building.
1 Splendid view of ocean from every lot
Nothing like it In this city. All bargains!
Easy terms! .
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office, corner H st. and
47th ave.; also corner 49th ave. boulevard and
K st. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1200— Choicest Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$300 to $1800— Cheapest Richmond ' lots and
near Spreckels Lake snd park; on Installments.
. $150 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots-
$5 monthly. '
$1000 to $4000— Modern Cottages In Sunset
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Homestead
Low prices! Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers
, Room 64. Chronicle Building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market it. "¦"
$5000_-Flne cottaRe ot 5 rooms, bath, etc.:
3 vooms in basement; cor. lot Buchanan e't.
$4500 — Elegant bay-window cottage of 3 i
roon.s: large basement; nr. 17th and Market.
$1200— Good corner, near Chutes; 32:6x100.
$500 EACH — Choice level lots at Ocean View-
all ready for building; u, block from car
line: easy terms: $25 down, balance $5
monthly: cl>anc»i to ret a' good lot cheaD
McEWEN'JROS., US Montgomery st.
*
AN elegant 5-roojii and bath cottage; big base-
ment; to be so'd with furniture or without
. 418 Day tt. I .
j — : ; __ _
1 CORNER lot for; cash; north side of Sixteenth
, 8t., near Market; 30x107. Address box 2V6'J,
Call office; no agents.
'¦ $1000 — $25 cash. 5>10 monthly; flne marine view
lot on Gruenwfch st. Box 3332 Call office.
j SEAX. ESTATE — CITV — fOS SAIiE. j
; G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 2O Montgomery 6 t. j
1 Real Eftatc Agents and Auctioneers.'
$52.500— Rent* ?4110 j*t annum; splendid cor- ,
1 ner on Bush Et.. In3lde of Post; lm- ;
; provemenu consist of 0 flats and store,
new 25xll2:t>.
j $i1,50O— Hents $2.J4O per annum; a spler.d.d
! corner on Hayes st.: improvements con-
sist of store*, flats and houses,-3 front-
ages.
$20,000 — Rents $1S31 per annum; elegant cor-
ner on California st.; modern ajmrt-
tnent-bouse of 28 rooms and bath; se-
cured lease.
$15.000— Rents $1582 per annum; Masonic ave.;
3 flats, modern in evtry respect; bay-
windows, brick foundations; 80x100:3.
$12.750 — R<-nts $1242 per annum; Oak St.. close
to Market: 3 flats of U rooms and 2
flats in rear of 3-4 rooms and bath
£ earn; brick foundation, etc., 23x120; 2
3 frontages.
$10,250— Rents $750 per annum; very low;
bueiness corner on Mission St., near Six.
teenth: store and flat: 3Cx60.
$9,000— Rents 5S52 per annum; Oax St.: 3
nice bay-window flats of 7-8-<5 rooms
and bath each; 25x137:6.
$<!,<XX) — Rents $738 per annum, which is low;
splendid Mission bargain; Sanchez a\'..
close to Market; Improvements consist
of 3 flats of 6 rooms aad bath eaofri;
25x100. /
$7,250— Modern residence, near Fillmore and
Vallejo sts.; will accept small pay-
ments: 7 rocms and bath; flne marine
view; lot 37:6 feet front.
$5,200 — Rents $576 p*r annum; close to Sixth
and Howard sts.; 2 flats ef 4 -5_ rooms
and rear house of 4 rooms; 25x75.
$4".E00— Rents $540 per annum; near Pactfis
and Hyde st«.; store, fltt and house;
a bargain.
$3,780^ — Rents $450 per annum; corner near
Eighth and Harrison sts.; 4 flats of 4-3
rooms each; 30x80.
$2. COO — Rents $303 per annum; near Broad-
way and Jon«« Bt. ; 3 flats of 4-3 rooms, j
$1.850— Henry St.; very cheap lot. 25x114.
nesr Sanchez; owner must sell.
For further particulars of the abeve and for
the Real E.-tate/Ileccrd. ,-or.taintnff a list
of property ior Tale in all parts of the city,
apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
188 Montgomery st.
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$55,000 — On the water front, not far from Mar-
ket St.; 2 frontages; a water lot. If Im-
proved, would pay handsomely; a turn
can be made here; must be sold.
$52,000— Ellie-et. lnx-ectment; downtown; rent
$300 per month; lot 25x137:6.
$30,000 — Western Addition business corner;
transfer. point; very flne improvements;
large lot; pays $2470 a year — over 8 per
cent.
$l«,000— Taylor St.: magnificent northwest cor-
ner. In choice neighborhood; fine ma-
rine view; location suitable for resi-
dence, flats or apartment house.
$12.000 — North eide Frederick St.; 3 elegant,
modern flats; renting for $1290 a year.
$12,«KK) — Close to u'arket St.; three handsome
modern Cats; $1350 a year; nearly 10
per cent net.
$10,COO— A splendid bargain; Bryant, near 8d;
lot COxSO; Rood improvement; flats al-
ways rented; brick foundation; $10S0 a
year.
$8,000— Nesr Market St.; three elegant modern
£aU; $S70 a year; a great snap.
$7.500 — Castro et.. n»ar ISth: business prop-
erty; new building; rents $720 per tn- |
num.
$5.000 — Good Western Addition Investment: I
key lot. 87:6x120; two frontages; rent
$40.
$5,000— 22d st.. nr. Guerrero; four good flats;
rents $51 per month. ;
$4,500— Half a block from Market; two com- !
fortable flats, paying $540 a year; a |
very choice investment.
$3,C00— Two splendid Mission flats; rents $32
per month.
$2.250 — Close to Folsom and Eleventh; store
and flats; a good little Investment, pay\
ing $300 a year.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$17,600 — Vallejo st.: handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view. .
$ IS. MK) — Handsome corner house; en Frederick
•t. ; built for use of owner; offered at
actual cost.
fs.OOO— Presidio Heights: thoroughly modern
and attractive 8-rcom housa..
$1,000— Mission home of U rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful garden and flne
view; before buying. look at this.
$3.C00— McAllister et.. near Golden Gate Park; 1
very pretty modern cottage.
$2,500 — Fine Mission cottage, near Castro-et.
car line; 6 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
$8,000 — Vallejo, nr. Scott; elegant marine
view; lot 37:0x137:6.
$5.500— Near Guerrero and 23d; 5Sxll4: enap.
J5.C00— EresWio Heights lot; running to Pre-
rtdio wall; magnificent view; nothing In
the. market better than this.
$2,400— Mission snap; 49-foot lot. nr. 17th St.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
139 Montgomery et.
HOAG A LANSDALE.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
On Pacific Heights, north side of street: !
modern residence; hardwood flnleh through- |
out on first floor; beautiful; commands an -
unobstructed marine view; lot 75x137:0; small
* table in rear; this property must be sold at '
once; a fine chance to secure a beautiful home '
At a bargain; rrlce S30.0CO. i
PACIFIC-AVE. RESIDENCE. '
Near Fillmore St.; 8 rooms and bath; finished
attic of 2 large rooms and finished basement;
price $12,500.
• NEAR THE PARK.
Three handsome, new. modern flats, 1 block
frcm Golden Gate Park; finely finished through. ,
out; 6, 6 and 7 rooms; lower flat leased 2 years
at $32 CO; middle flat leased two years at $33 :
monthly, and tenant pays all repairs; upper :
wlli easily bring $35; lot 2Sxl00; a splendid !
Investment; price $11,000. . !
AGAINST THE PRESIDIO WALL. •
A new residence tract Juet placed on the
market; select residence lots at moderate !
i prices; no let under 30 feet frontage; com- •
I mauds view of the Presidio grounds, the golf :
links and the Marln County hllle; no stores
cr flats allowed; if you Intend to buy a rest- |
dence lot for a home this Is the property you '
have been looking for; send for circular with
maps and prices.
REDUCED TO $8500.
Two modern flats on the sunny side of Clay
St.; 6 and 7 rooms; attic in upper flat; rented
low for $75 per month; lot 25x127:8.
THREE MODERN FLATS.
Close In; 5, 6 and 7 rooms; built 3 years
ago; 9-room house In rear; rented for $115 per
month; price reduced to $13,500.
A cheap lot on Green st. near Octavla,
29:$xl37:G; key lot: very sunny; price only
$3000; mutt be sold. i
HOAG & LANSDALE.
10S Montgomery st., £an Francisco.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
NEW FTLLUORE-ST FLATS.
$9000— Four new flats of 4 rooms and bath j
each; Fillmore, near Waller; renting for $S5 j
per racnth. ,
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$3750 — 30x103; Broderick st., near Green- 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine
view; renting lor $75 per month. / " "I
BUSH-8T. BUSINESS PROPERTY. /
$30,000 — 10:9x137:6; north line of Bush St..
near Mason; Improvements consist of a lodg-
ing-house renting for $160 per month.
FREDERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
»1S5O— 25x100; south line of Frederick, near
Willard; adapted for home.
JONE8-ET. BAT-WINDOW FLATS.
$11.000 — 40x137:6; Jones st., near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $87 50.
;-: ,,',-'¦
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER.
$15.000 — C5x90; NE. cor. 24th and Shotwell;
Improvements consist of store, flats and house -
renting for $112 per month.
PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER.
$25,000— Six new flats of 8 rooms and bath
each, renting for ?26S8 per annum.
CHOICE MISSION HOME.
$OXX> — 42 feet front; Liberty at., near Guerr-
ero: well-built house of 10 rooms and bath.
CALIFORNIA-ST. COTTAGE
$5000— California St., near Webster; 25xl37'8-
cottage. 6 rooms Mid bath, bringing In an an-
nual tncc:ae ot $450.
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$3750— 31xl22:(!; Howard st.. near 18th- Im-
provements consist of comfortable cottage of
six rooms and bath; a splendid bargain.
LOMBARD-ST. BUILDING LOT
$5000—50x137:6 feet; Lombard Bt., near Van
Ness ave. v, ¦-./
BOVEE. TOY & CO.. 117 Montgomery et.
?C,000 — Attractive residence of 8 sunny rooms
and baths; pretty garden; centrally lo-
cated In Western Addition; large lof
splendid neighborhood. '
$2.000— Fine piece of North Beach propery;
3-story building of 3 flats; rents $°0 :
there is a great demand for this kind
of property and this Is a bargain
$23,5C0 — Large corner on Sixteenth st'- best
part: nearly 00 feet frontage on Six-
teenth st; three, frontages; 3-story brick
building; stores and flats; rent about
$2000 per annum; very low; an excen-
tlonal bargain. - *
J^BOVEK. TOY A CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
jsrJco— NEW 3-flat buildings, « rooms and
¦ bath each; two frontages; pays 10 per cent
1 net. Caup st.. mar 2i;th. HENRY FE1GE
I Uulldfi' and Owner. 106S Capp £t.
j FOR rale or exchange — Cottag<( of 5 large
1 rooms In Sunset district. near\ O st. 1007
• Ttr.tn ave; rrlce $1200 ca*lt. -I.
I — ¦ — 1 , :
FOR sale— 2 flats. No. 0.18 Nw ist.. 5 and and
0 rooms; modem. Apply 4C45 Nineteenth Bt.
j RSAS ESTATE — CITY — rOB SAItX.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 Montgomery st «*
${j,250— Make us an offer: substantial 8-room
residence. 1C34 Fell st.. facing Pan-
handle; lot worth $4500.
$11, 2D0— Three splendid flats. «-7-7 rooms and
1 bath; circular bay-windows; rents $1-M):
' $y,S0O-^Thc" n ino6t beautiful lot in the Pan-
handls district. L'6xl37:6; key ta north
corner; improved with handsome resi-
?7,50C-^Two stylish new flats, rented for $80;
north side of street; high paneled din-
ing-rooms, beam ceilings, etc.
$7,250— Reduced from $3000; magnificent
Was?hincton-st. lot. ...
$"2.500— Near Sutter and Stockton; n ? te l _ co J*r
taining 45 rooms; mortgage of »ij.«w
can stand. - . _ „_,,
$5,5C0— New and elegant home: 7 rooms arid
bath; lot h.is L for stable; tfoO Ninth
ave.. near Fulton: offer considered.
$5,300— Two good Western Addition flats near
Page and Pierce: 5 and « rooms and
bath; lot 25xl.'i7:«.
$7,500— Mere flats ami stable: rented. o-_year
lra=e. $7i>0 yiarly; excellent business
street. .. •
$10,500— Six splendid new flats, just north or
. Market st.. renting for $150.
$3,600— Cosy cotta;e, 5 rooms and bath, one
year old, Western Addition.
$lfi,0O0— Six flats rented for $19-'O per annum;
Ideal location; north side of street; a
$."5,500— Sunny lot on Flllmore St.. 25x120.
5*1,200— Four well-built Page-st. flat*, renting
for $72 a month; never Idle; 5-5-6 and
0 rooms and bath.
$1,750— Marine view lot; cars pass the door;
accepted street; prettiest residence block '
In Panhandle district; 26:0x1*3. -
CaU cr send for our list, containing over
1G0O of our offerings in improved property and
lets. New ifsue this week.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 Montgomery st 114
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
- CAPITAL. ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
»•• 1
NO TITLE INSURANCE POLICY Is Issued
by the CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AND TRUST COMPANY which Is not pre-
ceded by tht- most searching investigation of
not only the official records, but of our own
records, after which the title is passed upon
by the law department; if it Is valid a policy
is Issued and when Issued U backed uo by
the entire capital of the corporation. It Is |
swift, safe and protects against loss.
A TRUST COMPANY DEVOTE3 ITS EN-
ERGIES to caring for other people's money,
to seeinjt that their best Interests are sub-
served and to securing for them a safe invest-
ment yield. Its relations with clients are con-
fidential, their affairs being safeguarded and
administered In accordance with their wishes.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real es-
tate titlf« like modern plants of New York.
Boston, Chicago and Eastern cities; reason-
able rates: all matters controlled and managed
by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Guthrle A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co. i
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfomlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney & Oln»y, Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Pace. McCutchen A Knight. Att'y».
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mrt. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist, S30 California st.
ABBEY HOMESTEAD.
$50-$75; lot all level, close to cars.
POTRERO DISTRICT.
$150-$300; large lots, close to Kentucky
street cars.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
$150-5200; desirable building lots; only a few
left.
MISSION WAR5I BELT.
$500 and upward: lot graded and street work
done; 1 block from 24th street cars.
SAN BRUNO ROAD AND SILVER AVENUE.
$5O-$3CO each; your choice of some Cne lots
in that locality.
CLARENDON HEIGHTS.
$3C0 each; two choice lots.
FAIRMOUNT TRACT.
$350; lot on the line of Guerrero street car».
CASTRO ST. and VICINITY.
$5CO-$1COO; building lots.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
$4C0-$S50; marine view lots, close to cars;
a good Investment.
HEYMAN TRACT.
$2CO-$."iC0: lota on Douglass st., Hoffman
ave., 22d Bt., View ave. and Oorbett road.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Threa fine building lots; graded and
BOULKVARD AND CARVILLE DISTRICT.
.$90-$C50; lots commanding fine view of the
ocean and cloFe to car line.
HOMES— ON RENT MONEY TERMS.
$150O-$370O; 4-5-6-room cottages; modern and
In choice locality.
$ie00; 3-reom cottage on 4Sth ave., near
"L" Bt.. including furniture, piano, etc.. etc..
for sale on easy terms; flne chance for a nice
little home In the Carvllle District.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
A!so office of JACOB HEYMAN CO.
I .^ — _— — .—^^^_____ -
LOOK AT THESE HOMES TO-DAY.
A REPRESENTATIVE will be there from 2
to 5 to show you around.
5 rooms and bath on Hoffman are. and 22d.
5 rooms and bath being built, Alvarado. be-
tween Douglass and Hoffman: take 22d st.
cars on Mission st., ride to Hoffman and 24th;
walk 2 blocks to houses.
f> rooms and buth now being built on Ver-
mont and 25th. Take Mission st. cars, transfer
at 22d. ride east to Vermont, walk 1 block to
25th. These' homes can b«> bought on terms
equal to rent.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$3S50: llth st.. n»ar Harrison St.; 4 flats,
2 on llth st. and 2 on Norfolk St.; 25x05;
income, $41 50 per month.
$10,000; Cth st., near Bryant: store, flats
above: flne interest bearinx.
$25C0; Harriet st., near Bryant tt.; small
cottage, two tenants.
$5000; '2 flats in Richmond District; new
and modern: rents $J4 50 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$7500: on Lyon vt.. near Pine; flne large 10-
rcom modern dwelling; ensy terms.
$6250; 85x100; on Florida St.. near 19th St.;
4 flats and small house ; rents $.1 L
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
Also office cf JACOB HEYMAN CO.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to W. J. White,
$2750 — Fine corner. 6 lots, cottage 6 large
rooms and bath: larse barns; College Home-
stead tract: o blocks Mission cars: flne for
dairj'. \
$875 — 15th ave.. near Pt. Lobos; 25x100.
$075— Elizabeth, near 24th; 25x115; only $50
dov/n: cev.-er: ens: water.
$200 up — Lots Excelslcr Homestead; $5 dawn.
20 Montjomery, r. 8. Phone 5704.
$SrfKX) — 3 new flats. 4-4-5 rooms: 4-room cot-
tatre and barn: cor. lot. 25x114; rent $33.
Owner. 208 Vicksburg st.
FOU-^ale chfap — Neat cottage; 4 rooms and
bath: terms same as rent. Apply owner,
Lumber Yard. Army and Condon Bts.
$14.?5O— RENT ?1500 per year: swell flats;
very substantially built: nearly completed;
located very central; Haight st., nfar Pierce.
Owner premises every day; lot 30-ft. front.
$1 25 PEK week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
.celator Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
en; close to electric ram and school.
W. J. WHITE.
?C Montgomery st.. room «,
$SCt> PER acre: 17 acrefl rear Market-st. ex-
tenplon," Sunset District: suitable fcr subdi-
viding; cnly acre property for sale in this lo-
cality; good investment; easy t«rm». WOOD-
WARD & COMPANY. 11 Montgomery st.
$27C0-^OTTAGK. 5 rooms, on Twenty-nlnth
St.; ?1SOO. cottage, n rooms Sanchea and
Twenty-ninth st3. Mission Realty Co •»
Twenty-ninth st. . _ "
A MODERN cotUs? home on Tenth ave
near California st.: roomy and modern; flne
garden. GEORGE I. LAMY. 30 Crocker bldg?
LOT 100x120 for *ale on account of departure
University Mound Tract, 1041 Mission s" '
NEWLY furnished 4-room cor. house. JHCO-
inveatlgate. SllverjiLve^. ccr. Congdon st.
; FOR fale— House on 27th «t.: easy terms
See Miesion Real Co.. 2 20th it.
83. 910 Market st.
HOUSE and lot, 50x103 ft., opp. new Mission
Park. Inquire C. E. HATCH. Chronicle bldg.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S3B Howard st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
terms to suit purchasers: large lots on Fred,
erisk. west of Willard. Sam Glass, builder.
on premises. .-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for malting. $1 per year.
THE^yCALL
•JOHN 1). SPltECKKLS Proprietor
Addrezs Communications to
JOHN* McXAUG IIT. ... .Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A»k fcr THE CALU The Operator Will Con-
nect You V\';u» the Deprjtxntnt You wisn.
Publication Office Merket and Third. S. F.
ttSMorla] Kooms 1U7 to 221 Steven»on st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Os. fer Week. 75
Ct». Per Month. Single Copies 3 Ct».
Terms by Mali. landing Postage (Cash With
i^rder): «o nn
I>AILV CALL (Ir.clud. fcundiy). * /•"•••••fXi
UA1X.Y CALL (Includ. Sunday). « mos... *;"» i
I'AILY CALL— By Single Month „':*•
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -jJJ
KOIIEIGX I gund,;; 4 13 Per Year Kxtr*
POSTAGE. l\v"<rkly 1 00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTH° R1ZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccplus will be forwarded wnea re-
quested. . .
Mall subscribers in ordering ch * n * e 1 . o t-t-\v
Crrrt ihould ;•« particular to give both M>«
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rrornct and correct compliance with tneir re-
oueat.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:01« Brosdwsy Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: .... _ T
.214* Center Street Telephone ?.OTtn .7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EA1TLTEL W. TVALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf •/¦jtoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Ur.ien Souare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
rue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NLTWS STANDS:
Shenaan House: P. O. New* Co.: Great
Xortiern Hotel; Tremoct House: Audltonum
Hotel; falser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Msrquette Building
(Long DUtatce Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
XEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Betiding
XTSXV YORK CORRESPONDE3JT:
C. JC CARLTOK Herald Square
BUSnVESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CaU, corner Market and Third streets; open
WBUl 12 o'clock every drat In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C8 Market rtreet, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p in.
t-27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open
UEtil 8:30 p. m.
COO Hayes ftreet: cpen until 9:50 p. ta.
639 McAllister street; op«n until 9:80 p. a.
CIS Lerkin street; open until U:SO p. m.
1941 Motion street; open until 10 p. m.
22fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
B8tU C' ;¦ rr.
106 Eleventh street: open until 0 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. ;
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
or*n until 8 p. .^n.
>JorthTre«t corner cf Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tockr streets: open until 9 p. m.
C200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
KEAE ESTATS— CITY— TOH BASE.
MADISON & BURKE.
SO Mcntromerr et.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 10. 1804
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
DEVI5ADERO-ET. BUSINESS CORNER.
S. E. cor. HavH and Devieadero sts.: store,
houses end flats; good business location; an-
nual r»n'* f^.Vl'; lot 75x112:0.
POWELL- ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
S. E. cor. Powell and Vallejo sts.; stores. . flats
and !:-¦><*; snnual rents $4116; with email
outlay n.ore stcres could be added, increas-
ing Income considerably; lot 137:tix79:2. with
L; one-third casb, balance at 6 j-"- cent.
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Ji't-lO Stockton Ft., between Jackson and Pa-
rjfic; r fctorts and lodging-house; lot 34x100; 1
one-cfclrd caeh, balance at 6 per cent. \
UNION-ST. CORNER. '
N. W. cor. Union and Jasper Bts., between j
Dupont and Stockton; anual rents $142S; lot I
?¦•'xTT; cnt-thlrd cash, balance at 6 per cent. I
STOCKTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
£12 Etorkter. et.. between Sacrajnento and Clay:
.Vnory irame; fcnnual rtnts JliO; with email
txp^rw larc«- revenue can b» obtained; one-
thud cash, balance at 6 per cent.
DUPONT-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1113 Dupunt ft., between Broadway -and Pa-
ciSc: h-tor* an-] ur?pcr, renting low at $65 p«T
nu-nth: one-third cash, balance at 8 per cent.
KEARNY- ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
ll(*i to 1112 Kearny Et., north of Broadway;
corner am&'.l rtreet: will sell f^riarately if
annual r*«t» $2290; one-third cash,
balance st- 0 per cent.
RAILROAD-AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
510 to U42 Rallrcad ave.. bet. Jlth and 12th
avfe. ; Mom and flats; annual rents $22S0;
•.¦ne-third cush, balance at H per cent.
BUILDING LOTS. 1
Eart *id* Cattro, bet. 17th and ISth. first
biock from Mark-n St.; 75x125.
WA LLER-ST.^COTS.
South dee. bft. Pcott ar.d Devisadero sts.- two
fror.tar«; 00x180; both streets r>aved.
TO CI/DSE PARTNERSHIP.
San Rruno ave.; 2 frontages; bet. Army and
16th ave.; one-third cash, balance at 6 per
cent; lot 100x300. *;
Tttcs st *ale. For catalogue and particu-
lars apply to MADISON A BJURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. :
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1SSS.
£0 Montgomery it Opposite .Lick House, i
J40.C0O — Cbrner on Octavla et.. near Butter-
flats renting for over 8 per cent; lot 60x
67:6. jy, »;->,.
$10,780— Page st.; 2 up-to-date Cats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
W.2S0— Beaver St.. near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Ju«t the thing for a email family:
fine, garden.
$3.100— Harrison st..xoear First; house rents
$1S; let 20xeS:9.
$4,000— Tenth et., near Harrison; lot 25x100-
rent $22. "
$4,100— Fillmore St.. near Grove; lot 20x
$1.600— 14th are. and A st. cor.; 120 feet on
the new park panhandle.
$5,000—2 Cne lots; Beulab St., near Stanran*
£0x137:6. * '
$3. WO— Tremont are., weet line; «-room cot-
tage in fine condition; near Frederick t-t. '•
$1,220 — Harriet rt., near Brannan; lot and 2- !
story house; must eell.
$1,875— Harrieon St., near 28U>; flne cottage
A rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap.
$4,S00— Chattanooga st. near Twenty- thtrd-
large lot. 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter ot., between Stelner
snd Pierce.
Building lots, NE. corner Golden Gate ave
and Bsker st. ; In elzes to ruit; prices'
from $1*000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on eouth line of
Gtary st., near Fillmore.
MADISON tc BURKE,
SO Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
HAWKS & SKEI..TON.
R*«t* Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Prcj>erty.
$17. '00 — Van Ness ave., near Vallejo St.; ele-
gant house of 9 rooms and basement,
containing billiard-room, wlneroom
laundry end servants' room; modern
tnd un-to-date every way.
R> — Fine hotu-e: Leavenworth, rear Clay-
u rooms nnd bath: laundry in basement:
IjuJdmg tn Crst-clam condition; view of
GDidcn Gate from rear.
* ° CC^*; E 1 < ;* C £ rner L * rkl *» *»<» Lombard;
59:8x119: has superb view of bay- street
wcrk all done; neighborhood growing
$5,100— Inside lots adjoining above- 27x110'
ccrx close by. "*"•
$C.SC0—Octavia *t.. near Broadway: rood
hous* of 7 rooms and bath; flne vie wot
bay frcm front ard rcsr; bare lot Is
worth the price; 25x137.
*S,OCQ— N.W. corner lot; Larkln and Filbert •
40*100: miperb view of Golden Gata ¦
A I CJ-1 I V4t I .
•Aicf itpu.; very flne view of Golden
wate Wfrn rear ar.d elde.
HAWKS e,. SIC1-LTPN.~S2.1 Mor.tgomrry gt.
¦ rEflKnCTION: a Mrjraln; do vou want a
. **utirul home cheap on small payments?
l,. 80 ,^ 11 to-«*y l«rt. 10 «. ni. and 4 n m
M AVrnoH «ve., 3 blocks from Geneva';
oor. nouw J pn.i .» room rottsges: op«n to-
bfst buy in Saa Francteco. Plj-ne Carp 2110.
BEAI. ESTATE— COTreTTSY— Por Sale.
WHITE «c BAYLKY,
Succesaors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES KVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 50 per acre: beet stock ranch in Humboldt
County; on the slope of the South For!: of the
Eel River; 3^CO acres grazing land; practically
all fenced: gcod larmhous**: large fc^rn; lo»>
head flne cattle: 10(>«> sheep: horses, ar.d ail
farming Implements at market price*
$l^per acre — Finest stock ranch in riae»r
CO.; lti>0 acres; at railruart station; 5vO acres
bottom land for al'aUa. balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry 400 head; d-w»Ulr.g, ;:
good barns, farming Implements. 0u eattie, 12
ho.-S'ia; part ca?h.
$5000 — Scnorr.a. Co.; 320 acres, near town;
well watered: cabin 4 rooms; bis barn; orchard;
vineyard; C ecrcs vegetable 1 ..:u: l-,Coi» c«>nW
wood; 1(0 corda tan bark; tool», attarn saw; 3
horses; 3 wajons; part cash.
$2200 — Near Santa Cruz; SO acres; 3 acres
fruit; 20 acres hay; new s-roora house; barn,
$2400 — Only 2Vj miles of town; 23 miles of
city; 24: acres vallty and sently rollins land; 3
acres rich bottom KM; la acres full beaiing
grapes; sufficient waisr for -rrl^alicn. if <le-
kirtd; income about $<•;<>: no bulldines.
$1SOO — At Sonoma C.ty: 5'i acres; new 3-
room cottage: go<%U w*ll; .mo hen»; poultry-
houses; brooder- houses: large incubator; tools;,
furniture: a senulne bargain and caji't last
but a few dgjo.
$2500 — In Sonoma Co., near boat and cars;
102 acres, some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden. IrtKlit! ti-room house.
all furnished; 2 horstj. spring ami road wagons.
harnesH. tools, cow, poultry; $"JCO Job if de-
sired.
$350O—5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian ltiver bottom; 23 acres: S acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-IWzn and bath cot-
tage; good barn: wind mill and tank; poultrj-
hou?fc.«; see this, and if you wa.-.t only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at i' 1 •> per
acre: if >^ju want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see seme of our
homes on the Russian River.
$8C0O— 42 acre* at May Held; 10 mlnutesf walk
to station; magnificent artesian water; rich
black loam, suitable for berries and vegetables':
flne 10-room residence; 2 large barns, balding
100 tons each: <good cutbu!Kin&~s; ha!: cash,
balance at 4 per cent.
$1900— Close to Santa Roaa; SO a;ree; 35
cultlvatlble: 12 acres vineyard; good fences:
poor buildings.
ALFALFA LANPS.
$100 per acre^ — One mile cf Modesto; 5 acres
up: u cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto: CO a;res
up: 'a cash.'
%'>0 per acre — Near Lodl. on tne Wcodbrldgs
canal.
$20 per acre— Rich river bottom land: all
ditched for irrigation; Placer Co.. cne mile of
town and railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property snd poultry farms.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT. ,
We have a large list of completely equipped
dairies in the best sections of Humboldt Co.;
2»> acrrs uo. . . _
$45C0 — ¦'.() acres, l'-i m'.les of town. Santa
Clara Co.; 20 aeree bearing trees and Tines:
nice cottag*. outbuilding*, remervotr; Cne In-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$S50 — .1 miles of Geyservllle; 2%» acres; 6-
room house, large barn, 2 good wells; rolling,
all In vineyard: oak trees: fine poultry farm.
$2ST>0 — Near Petaluma; 10 acres sandy baa:
1 acre asparagus; flne we!!; modern cottage,
6 rooms and bath; horses, cow, etc.; half ca^h;
•ee it Quirk.
$190O — At SebastejyM: 16 acres fine. lere!.
sandy loam: orchard and berries; balance flae
pasture; running stream; flne fcr corn, vege-
tables and berries: on the electric road; $0G0
down.
$350 — 6 miles from town; 80 acres; mostly
level; 40 farming land: fenced; creek; well;
house; bam; outbuildings; part rash.
$!> — On Cotton wood Creek: 1O40 acres: 100
rich bottom land; well fenced and cross- fenced;
good houso; 2 large barns: might exchange.
$30CO — Close to Santa Cruz; 16 aeres; near
school; fln«s hay and fruit crop: new modern
cottage, t» rooms; nice stable; brooder-houaes;
horse; cow;' calves; poultry; furniture; part
cash.
$¦'{"50 — Sonoma Co.. one mile of fine to*rn; 10
acres, all In peach-a and prunes, with flne
crop cf c?rn between rows; modern cottage, S
rooms and bath; well, windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom: the real thing.
$33O> — Hotel, stables, etc., in Alameda Co.:
lot 80x200; fire location.
$25CO — Fine summer resort in Sonoma Co.:
etage station and P. O. on place: 141 aeres
controlling lOCO-acre range; 8 acres bearin?
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cotta?e«»,
all furnished: bath: tiancinsr pTitform; horsts;
farming implements: *ee this quiclt.
$1500— Half-rnl'.e live town. Sonoma Co.: 4
acres Runsian River bottom land; none fln»r;
nice ehade trees, bouse and barn; great poultry
farm: easy terms.
Send stamp for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the ccast.
WHITE & EAYLEY.
Successor* to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
TO INVESTORS OR CORPORATIONS. o
A MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY.
360.C0O ACRES of land: title perfect. To
handle this large tract of land will require
money, and at the low price of 60c per acre
should command the attention of capitalists.
To any man or corporation of means look-
ing for an absolutely saf? investment this
should be an appeal. Thia land is situate
only 30 miles from railroad ar.d 5 mii>s
frcm proposed extension; land heavily tim-
bered and can or.ly be compared to the
great Washington forest: over 100.000 acrea
will show the following stand of timber:
1 acre 23,723 ft.. 1 of 3t5.7S3 ft., 1 of 55.15S
tt.. 1 of 4O.543 ft. The timber l» mostly all
yellow and white pine with some fir. The
greatest bargain on the market. Full par-
ticulars of SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market st., rooms 413-419.
INCOME fruit and poultry ranch for sale
chtap. Ten acrea rich black, loam soil- 4
acres In variety of fruit; good 6-room house
and barn; abundance flne water; chicken
house; alfalfa land; quarter of a mile frora
Sonoma.
Price $2500.
SONOMA REJLLTT CO.
Sonoma, California.
A BARGAIN— One mile from. Sonoma.
Eight and one-half acres, some fruit- land
level, sandy loam soil: good 8-room house- 2
rooms furnished: B-foot basement: small
barn: flne well water; 1 harrow and other
tools; 40O young chickens; brooders 300 ca-
pacity.
Price $2100.
SONOMA REALTY CO.,
Sonoma, California.
*.N ideal location for a hotel and pleasure re-
sort, with hot and cold sulphur springs, ar-
senic, magnesia, iron and sour water springs;
16O acres of l.»r.J; 4 acrea in. orchard va-
riety of fruits, acme grapes, almonda and
walnuts; house of 5 rooms and bathhouse;
cottage d a rooms; good barn, chicken
house:: good road to property; located in
Lake County, near the famous Anderson
springs; stages go in one mile of pla--e twice
a day.
Price Is a bargain— $20CO. This can be
made a money-maker.
PETALUMA REALTY CO..
Petalama. Cal.
A LOVELY 0-acre home In the picturesque
San Pablo Valley; rich level land; only *
few miles from Oakland: no fogs, delightful
climate, abundance of excellent water piped
tell over from tank, good house, large barn,
squab houses, chicken house, horse, cow.
pigeons (iarjje fancy Runtj and Horaers>.
L-hickens. buggies, harness, saddle, oat hay.
furniture, etc; plenty of quail, rabbits,
doves, squirrels and trout: title Indisputable;
a snap; SltJCO cash. See owner thia weels
• at room 19. llCO^i Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAINS IN WASHINGTON LAND.
480 ACRES at cnly $21 i*r acre; 40 acres
under cultivation: S in orchard; bal. finest
of tlr and yellow pine: -J mlUs to s^awmi!!
and 5 miles to river: wh»n cleared will rai*a
all kin.U of grain and unsurpassed for fruit;
every acre tillable when cleared; 11 springs;
2. housr* on same, and school convenient;
will trade for part in S. F.. California.
property: Investljrate- this. SEAL ROCK
INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market st.. rrr.. 418.
HVi-ACRE chicken ranch for sale; hard fin-
ished houaa of 5 rooms, bath and pantry:
water piped through house; windmill a:vl
tank: good well of water; barn, one brocxi-
er house and Z brooders large enough to ac-
commodate lOuO chicks. 4 chicken-housea and
400 pullets; place all well fenced and .srosa-
fenced; flne location and good tfnloxst, be-
ing on a southerly slope. For further tn-
. formation address owner. WILLIAM TVIL-
FORD. Cotati. Cal.
ONE- ACRE lots at Mountain VUw. Sant*
Clara County; $400 for Inside. $130 for
corners; streets graded; water on each lot;
cnly 7VS blocks frora main street: partial pay-
ments: near station; convenlsnt to Stanford
University: good schools and choice neighbor-
hood; write fr.r map and full particulars.
WALTER A- CLARK. Mountain View. Santa
, Clara County. Cal. m
I LOS OATOS FRUIT RANCH.
FOR' »ale — SO acres; 30 of it bearfnff prunes.
grapes, apple*, hay. wood: line aprtns*; rich
soil: price $0000; would take !>»rt f'JJJi**
Oakland property: in worth S!O.fnj:>. Jl MI---N
SMITH. Real Est. Agt.. VZO Montgomery it.
BARGAIN— In -village V2 miles from 0<k!a:ui;
rs acres nice cottage, barn, chicken houses,
orchard, vineyard, berries, flower <rard«-n: flna
¦oft water, well and sprinsr: fcrallhy ci!m<it>*:
piioe $1KCO. E. LASAlt. 15S2 Post at., ri. r.
LOOK HESE- If you are iasklnj: for dairy,
chicken ranches or city rroprrty. ais-> ranches
for rent and stock for -°a.>. it will be to
your interest to call on FOnK A WISE-
MAN. 77o Main »t.. Petaluma. Cal.
ALFALFA lands; stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: tnsp«eted barsralna: monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C U. WOOSTEH CO..
e43 Market st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
43
OAKLAND ADlrT ? SiraTS.
QAjrr.aira BSAXi E3TATX.
HOLCOMB, P" " H" > ±. BAJCCKO5T.
IQkiO BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL>
CNIMPEOVEat
ZZZ :- : r -.
i 520 cer foot: oa Broadway: 157x170: fiae to-
[ catica; Is ipm-rt to dochle ta. short ttsse.
$19 ta $23 ser foot, ta BeCa Vtsta.; fiae Tiew:
Ztj«d surrsvedtass; clcae to caxx etc.;
mast be ccid.
! $7C0— Fine fcnildtaut stte clca# t=: Veraca «..
• i.f-^r-ta Point yrcc«rt7. Z£tll3: tttia ts *
decided saa;.
$123*— Home site ta T^-pfot Viata terrace; 30
feet froniaj-s; street wcrk csmststa; O-
; «x=etled -view; Cae scrrcuattiaas: *i«»aji£
henses: close ta K57 Route tramtt, schools.
cars, ats,
X23C0— Over 2C0 fset frcatxr- ca OakTasd av-.,
Liada, Vl«ta. terrace, ocpestte tha Soo>-
Bacoo Hao»; a very tine tocartna for a
home; see how dasirabie ani low jnc-d
taia prcperty tu
OEPROVED.
rOSSCLOSURS SALE3.
\- „
$2TC0— New 14 -story cottage. S rootsa awl
bath; mxlera; lot 32x123; Cae location:
cicoe to scamls. caxs ami Key Hocta
trains, to caa Franctafw; very easy terma.
•*>*£.
$2300 — Two fiae 3- room cottages. 4 rccraa and
tath eaca; Io'a 23xl<»; ctcse to Tweaty-
third ave.. broad gauge Ic-al. schoeU ajsd
cars; bow reated; see lieae.
$2600— New ccloaial acrs». 7 larff* rcoaia. 2=»
dlnlaj-mcm; niodara fa «very datail;
sunny ail*; Ict nSxlo*5; c!cs« tj schocis.
rars ami Kev Rutit-? traiaa; Cae view oC
B*rkel.?y ac-1 Gvs!di-n Gate; small pay-
ment down, balance on - ljt, asmthly pay-
area ts.
2CO4.
S2SC<V— New colonial houae. 7 rccais, hafh. ets. ;
cn a racd corser on T^legraah ave.: Ict
33xlG4; fiae location .aad «3rm!mdl2gs:
¦¦! -s-» to ichooia. cars. Santa. Fe and Key
Ruute trains to San Francisco; -*rr. i.\ easht
paqmsSBta ;»j.-.'-i same aa rant.
S. A-
$373fr— Just beins built — $3730.
A S~xi3s bunsalow. ccctaiaing ca first
fi-or. reception hail. ~arlcr. dialag-rKjai.
USrary cr dea. kitcnea. paatrtea, etc.; sj-
•rairs. three fcedroota* bath with a^
medem Cxnirea. two toilets, jaua and. elec-
tric lighting: the linttn* and rrannls caa
be ssada to «nir the tastu of ptrrcaaaer;
this property is wrtatn easy waliiag
distance <-f if'ourteents aad .Sro»dw»y.
HOLCOMB. BREED £ B.yfCROFT.
1G«) Broadwa^ OakUad, Cai.
A. J. SXYDER.
flEAL ESTATE BROKER A.tD DEALER.
4«7 Nctii St., Oakland. CaL
ZZZtX— A chance to «ecur» a hciae with very
little ect'ay; lot •"•• xl^r 3 rxcj ».:•;
bath; hcuse cn .'I'ita st.. n««r Teiesrash;
only $23r> cash, balance at $23 per soeth:
ch«ap-»r thaa paymx rent-
!?.•:>?¦ — Elesaat; I wxat yau to *•• that caciee
new ..o~u that I 13 i<i;:--l:.-* oa tha
sr^uth aid* ot :ilst St.. bet. Te!-gra;hi and
Gcov«; diaia£-robC2 i* be fiai^heii ta hari
maple; b«ast"tful inlaid 2c<.rs: wtd? rarer-
ttaa hall: large airy rooms.; lot 4ijx14O:
iijcati<in everything that co'ild be desared.
$2S(» — Ccttac- of & rocu «nd Ua.*a; :- Z'.*z
st.. bet. Grsve and 'West: ronsr. cctt-
veniect. w*U built and caa be ha«t aa *ery
easy terats.
$7JC0 li'ixn and th* rest at $CO ?*r iscath. ir:-
cl'idias Interest. wt;i put yon tn pcaa»-»-
ajoa of a splendid 4-rroni hetrse. barh
and laundry : ei*irtric lighted: p»p««i fTr
Zi*. ci-ok st3»«; Lot 40x140: scly 4 mta-
uts^' war* t» the K»y Routs station at
Grort- i.-v.i Fcrtieth sts. : tHi< u » snap
for rKi».
$23C0 — One of th* ftsa&nnest rew cctrag^s ta
town: 5 rcoms and hath: h:ss Nisemeat;
fry ecsy an>I »ttra^rtire; N» sure and te«
thla cne; near Filbert and 3Cth sts.
$XCOc— Sp>r«lid lot en the north sMa cf SCth
St., .^J:4.xl4<?: west >?f T'legraph.
$3C0 — Kay Rorte statlca^Icts. 30x133: "1st St..
near Adeliae; cal7 a few cf thes* left.
Central Oakland Tract No. 2: here U a splen-
did .'ot. close u Te!egr»7h; 4» feet fnst.
witlt stre<»t sewered and macadamized;
51st str- *SCO.
A. S. 5S1VTSL
REAL ESTATE SaCAfcS AND DEALER.
457 Ninth St., CaiCand. CaL
E. J. »mVA?.T A CO..
ICC* BROADWAY, OAKLAND*.
IC'X'O— I* yr* want a trxid incrm* oe y-mr
rrroney. here ts ytur chance. Two b*au-
ttr<il Cats, rt and 7 nwtas. wita >ar?»
fca.-§emiat. Th^ prcr*erty haa an isccrae
new cf $2S ser menta. aad tae owner
oceupwe t^e t> roona. It ts close ta and
ia a bargain.
S273i> — CTcsirg u-o an estate: chare* far a
KTtstf barialr?. Deanxttfixl 7-rroTn hcaae.
P'lrcelaia bath, wi* 1 ! ail' the nioilera con-
veniences; tarje let with driveiray: oa
S4tH- st.. betw»ea T-Ie«ra!:a av». ar;d
Gruv* st. iNote tha^ location. > Thia
property U ch«a3 i_ T.;7..... bat t.-» rgect
c.'iick raTi wa are orf^rins tt at $2739.
$2<00 — J-sst crmrrt^nceff: la waTXina; dlstaac? of
City Kail: O»?5itifsl 3-ncm cctta?e. wtta
biyh fca*»ms3t and all the Tate*t tra-
pnrven:* nt». . Plans can be charrred ts
«utt rttr^»a <rrr. See owner at cf3c« for
full rartirulars.
522C0 — A saa;: »5-rrr;ra ecttaxe. bcth as-i hl,?h
ba3»men*. brick fiundatt^a; ta 3 minutes'
waHt cf Kry H-mte and risht c!cse r>
strest ears; lit 32:rtxll2; oa the north
<d-r of B*m street. wit!i cpea t»wa and
beautiful Sowr gar-i>n. Iavesti«ate et
ccce: fcarjain for nidi caaa *al>. aa«i U
a sacrtS-* at tht* Drtce.
$130 — WITI rlace y-rs tn rors?sMca <rf a merf-
trrn .T-Rf.rj houae with tars* basement;
right n:ar. street car The bn'ance can
hn rail~is ren: at SCJ a nwnth. Price
$io;o.
1CCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
RF.AL TESTATE "'KO'WE.'* S3* EltCAD-
WAY. RCCMS 1 -OID 2. UPSTAIRS.
HEAL FSTATE FCR SALE.
bargains olt. specialty.
$23i-4) — a half tterfe vt ta»S arai hcas* of «
roca»: un2n:shi?d inside: Ca* tor chickens or
pijrecra farm; clcsm Ia; fine srecn!ati-v» bar-
gain.
*230t> — Aa Investment property; Z. 2ats: sep-
arate *ntran?es: will pay U rer cent; a ssnap;
ter"-:?.
SrtOC— A f=- 3-r=rta ccttaja: all far-
ri>he<t: gnn>* location; near car liae; w*2 ta;
will aay t2 Der cent.
£1£^- $^3^*. S*5ii4> a;.:; CpWlrf; *> ¦!*¦!» gf th*
f.r k; iot# In Oaklanti at the best targaiax
KXt* — A En* tr-iet nt Ua,l near Oakland.
wtt*i srralt hnt:s«\ vrt'.U etc.; Just risat fsr
Pl^n far= cr t hi,^_
M-\KE NO >nSTJ»KE tX OCB NUSTSETt.
334 BROAD-WAY. UPSTAIRS.
SecCO— a 3-j hocse oa Talesrtfh av».; thcr-
crcsHilT rrrrwi*m and c? to dara la every
rt^ce«; 9 rwrs and bath: bara *x<i
drive-iray: tnt BCatSA on a. ccmer; beaa-
tiful sreondar; aturidm-e cf Cow-r* and
sftmtb*r-r: tila price has feeea reduced
froca s*i.". ;¦.
$£0 s«r front foot f.^r tot oa Wabatsr sc;
close la: ""jr:*.; the thlas; for Cats; lot
CCxlCG:
C. K. MAKSaALL. IS7» BrctlTTaT.
$2iU* CASK. *:0 tnoccisty: only $.•» per let for
1* lot*; tsar* tan.1 ait*>inia2r if wanted- all
covered with full-bearlcs fruit trees: saajy
team soil: Ideal location; near cars anil
•efcect: no fog» ncr er:M wlada teTe; I? you
ar» lotTkiiyr for * d»strabl« ixtr.t nir» let
take you r» this prcprrty: adWniaf Eaat
Cakland; call or send far circular 435 7ta
*t.. cpjj. Ersairwrr stat!.-»r:. Cakiiad: car-
riage. H. 3t JOYCES. land owner.
S2CC0— SLs-rrcm eotta??. near CEntan stjtlcn-
IarK» ?• t; taay tarrca.
$27C<? — Mad^m we'l-buii; «?-rooni house, near
K*y Rcct*. ofl Tfl^rash aTe.
J16CC — Nice 3-rocia cottase: Tairty-atatlk st
near Tetegrapft ave.
F. F. PORTER.
4«& Eights *t.. O*kIaa«L
514ct) — COTTAGE ft five rooms: lot 4<:xIW: cn*
tlcck frcm the PiednKat-ave. statics *f
the Key Raata; Tsry nr«a7 Iccatiaa aa4
near schnel; nrcst h« »ol.J; place cujat 3
sell for $2W>. but cwaer muss tav*
morwy: term» $3«» cas*. balanc* nert-
rasr^: Just Z2 -rr.l--.it-i on the Key Route
to- San Francisco.
', . J. S. MTER5,
itC2 Brw»d^ti7, r^'y^j
BEEKELEY ADYEBT ? S y NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE *
I H03CS PARK TRACT.
I "WEST BERKELEY.
CHOICE ETJTLDIXG LOTS.
OPPOSITE
PACIFIC COA3T
; LUMBER AND FCRNatTURE MANUFACT-
URING COMPANY.
WEST BERKELEY, CORBIN STATION.
On the l:-« cf the West Berkeley local
I branch of the Scathera Pacinc Railroad.
1
! 43 MINUTES TO SAN FRANCISCO 43
j 50— TRAINS PASS THIS TRACT DAILY— 30
! SPECIAL OFFER IN PRICES FOR THIRTY
' SPECIAL OFFEH ON TERltS FOR. THIRTY
. DAYS.
I
' UP GO THS PRICES Id TO 25 PER CENT.
LOTS FROM $130 TO $4C0 EACH.
$23 caih as first payment, balance $3 per
1 month. Interest cn deferred payments 7 per
J cent cer annum.
$U nircth Ccmmutatlcn ticksts S3 month
, Si=e is Oakland. East Beriil-;y and Alaaseda.
DO YOU "WANT TO MAKE MONET?
Ser.d fcr 3»-day Social Offer.
! PACIFIC COAST LUMBER AND FURNI-
TURE MANUyAi-TrRrN'G COMPANY
Ear* Er*Ct*d a
MA1IMOTH PLANT,
. Spending h-indreds ct thrasands fcr the pur-
. teen cf mUlin; aad manufacturing all kinda of
FURNITURE.
And bav« pecure.1 the most practical and corn-
p-tirt men in the Vnttcl States ta stt-rsd ta
: this branch ex th* easiness. H-andr»ds of men
: will be employed ta d-Teloplrur what premises
; fo b« cne of t&i greatest industries i" th'.i
, state.
The cenrpany owns for this plant alone thirty'
i acres of land. t.<-g<;th#r with a, water fr^nt
I ¦*-h»re ship and rail can ccm« t^e^ther, arlorrt-
in% shipping facilities to all parts et the coun-
: try, either by rail cr slsio.
L.V RGS^JJ SilAND.
Although in its infancy, with but a few
i -wheels ia motion t3 turn cut certain Iota of
' ftimit*.xr». the company ts at present having
a :•»—:¦-¦: far is exs»i of their capacity. It
: 1-5 newness to ?ay that such ar. enterprise has
; !rr.r been aeed-d in th;« Stata and that the
; project cadeitakea by these «twrs=cic ger.tie-
: men will nndoubtetily pr-yve a success to them
¦ a< well as a beneiaetrr to th<» public by jflvlas
i emsloyrmint to thousands of men in the-.r
. factcry and timber lands.
THS HOME PARK TRA<:T.
¦ Ccnsisttng ct only IRS lots, by reference ta the
! ma? caa bf »»«n lie« only across the str-~t
from thu great enterprise. Every purrhaaer
w~o bn-s in this tract, either fcr j hura or
. tpecilation, can b» assured of a safe and
: rrcfitabl* investment.
TER3TS OF SALE. ;
Fcr thirty 4a.rs I 19 authffrixeti to seU these
rragniScently ideated l^ts. Only $2S cash aa
: irst payment, balance $3 per month.
t zzzm
Interest ra deferred payments, 7 per 'jent
: per anacai.
Address a!I comsssnlc!»t!-»tT i « «jr call -jp?m
I. Vi. LAYMANCE.
' 632 Market «t.. !ian Francisco. Cal.
Phone Buah .723.
.1. " \
! LOTS LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
; ELEGANT lotji. tncltidine street wcrX within •
4 block* of Berkeley staticn; $«!W upward;
terms riven.
BeyfttBS T»rraoe. th» f r'iniWnf view In C?rk<*- i
W» lots: includlnx utreet work; $ia:o op.
I We have an el»jnnt I^r-»>ai hcux<». tneladin? i
sta.b!». r'.cse t:> the Univ»rsiTy and rar l:n*a :
, to r»nt far $..> p»r m-:nth: will sell tf desired :
jr?TER & EAIRD, 21.T7 ShattBC* ire.
I A SPLENDID opportunity to buy two 'if the ;
finest lota tn Berkeley, as owner is leavi-jr 1
the State ar.d is anxious to malt* a ctiick !
sale: property adjoins the university arcurjiia- I
Butsjaifleaat view*; an ideal spot for a hrrr.s I
¦ • M=«t attractive h»Mne aj <i tobj and bnth- '
all modem trnnravementj: near Kfy r-7uta : ]
cn cne of th-i main avrnnes; prti*e"$n23i)
Splendid investment; 12 lots east cf T»I«- :
sraph av«. ; in chotce locatU5n; atrwt wrjri ;
all tl<yr.e; cemfnt sid^wallts: at bargain fiyare-
can be retailed at lanje advance prices.
BOARDMAN ERCS. i <r6..
133 Montgomery st.
, $15.<)C<) — FIVE acres of the finest residence I:ts <
lo Berkeley: on hill ovi»rlcckrR^ Saa Fran-
c-.soo Bay: 2 blcrks frcm car liae.
$3000 — 1 lots on Walnut it. ; cne minute frcm '
F train; view anexceled.
J31U0 — Pin«» '. -rcom house near Berkeley sta-^
¦ ttcn: only *C0i> dowa.
We have lots from $13O irp; houses and lots !
[ fr-rm ?*<><""> up; terms $130 down. baTance tn '
1 small payment*.
NEWTON &. NEED HAM.
r731 Cer.ter «..
: R?al Estate rind Iirsarancs.
¦ — - — — - — ¦ I
GCCD Investment* Near New Santa F«.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENT3.
End of block; 271 £«.•; frontage aa track; two I
blcclcs from Berkeley station $2320 I
Let 25xlCi>: I blocic fraza railrcad $i00 '
, Lot 40xU3; sour. ; wi;fci a V, block *»3i> I
Hair block M.'oialar R, R. property $2fi««
Bay wC«re values are tncreastnj.
Several tundrrt oth«r lots acd & aamber of !
cheap bouses.
CHAS A BAILET. ItCS Unfr-rsftr it*.
N«sr San Pablo »»«., West Berkeley. " •
col;;g like hot cakes.
' LOTS In ths Hopkins Terrace and the "Wheeler I
Tracts; the most elevated and st»st!y ioca- '
tior.» ta Berkeley; strrrts are beta? niacad- !
amtsed: cr,«t of sach work tnctude«I ta th*
price; the view obtained frcra these tracts is 1
beytjed descriotlcn; so ad fcr map at prices !
and terass.
W. J. MOnTIMEH & CO..
2T2S Center st.. Berkeley i
p&^Si- Ma»n entrance ta V. C. ;
FOR sale— New aad nearly new hcu3"s f-am !
$1SCO to $20.CC0; tots from $23<> to $7C«0- w^ i
<an »ili you * destrable let 3 blocks from i
Dwlgat-way staCcn. size 40il30, for $7C0- ;
will buiiid you a b.jua* to suit oa a payment i
of $3CO dewn. baJance monthly; before bay- i
Irg. give us a call and let as show ycu our '
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO -Itl I
Center it. "* j
$35€O BARG*AI>«, '
$GCO CASH, BALANCE EAST
6 large rooms wita bath, new aad mode-aT
sunahir.« la every rcom. us to date all over-
yas and electricUx; sidewalks and finished
street: aice view. Large Boa, 43xU7; plenty I
rocia for drive .v*y ; enly 4 blocks to S p and
Key rente trains. N«ari7 ready to ocrupy !
See GiUihaa at CHENEY i BEilRY'S. Post-
oface block. Berkeley.
$2630 — HERB U a n.-.ar for any oae: a welt
built home ef 7 rooma and bath; lately paint-
ed insid* and oat: street work dune; «ran<*
view; clcae to cars; Drtce $2S34 fcr a f-w
days; cal' and see- it without delay.
W. J. 21ORTTMER A CO.,
CVJt'.i Ciater at.. Berkeley.
Main entrance to L\ C.
BEAUTIFUL 3-ronrn bansalcrw; avxlera- n»w
improved grotnid»; $2700. 132! Stuart. "«ff
Grow st.. Aahby station^ Berkeley; no agent*
EEAUTTFUL house of , 7 rccms; lot 3CxI.73;
gardex fratt trees: 4 block* from Lortn sta-
tica; turaia easy; ta rait. 1CT7 Fairvtew st.
gttL SSTATS CO U ii T MT— JPcr S*le«
a— 130 ACHTS: dairy raach: 23 aar«a good »:-
- x beCazce g^cd far=lag laad: feaced
tr.i c7C2s-fsaced; gsod ho^Te aad fca^aa;
SCUM.
23 acres, all ta il'iJir g^od water rigat:
'¦-¦<¦ bara, < wSa£s£3 m Ti-k; chraa aad gsod;
Stsck aza gaaaral £arz: 800 acres: faced
and crcae-f cased: restdcace. saraa, lixia aad
ctocr »~-»" c-dldtags; 72 head. SO hap,
li<> ftv.»-t, s hcraea. 4 cx-sles, wageca aad
-:»—- = -.. z:- 1 .- ¦ terma.
_ A — IXQ •r-i Scascis. Cscaty. near Eaata;
E.-s*; S a-r^s crcharl: &> acres craia; bclaacs
inr< crchard cr T^a«ra-d laad: waar vaei aa
c-jmeraca sprtass: water piped u
h-i-ae. tarn acd ccrrals; 513 per acre: terssa,
23 «_¦—«. 2O acres rt_i_=. Tlaeyard. balaasa
:- iira-fau *-roc=i house, ham and cuthu;;d-
:=»s; a let cf perscnaJ grjgerty; iaccme- $13C0
per year; pr".ca $43C0.
47 a-rrea, aS ta alfalTa: water right, feaced
•r.:I crrtss- feaced: heese and accessary fculld-
tr^s: ti;a ia a r«ry desiraile dairy ran-ca;
fMOfc
4«r> 1 -« •-. : : v aad dairy rasca: aH rested:
C23 acr^» Al alfalfa land; «— -«* ca land; gr:od
maier rigat; SCOCO-
A ~ : - BarxaZa.
1W a-rea; 12r> la al-alTa, baixace r=«d ;as-
t=r«: fecf-tisit fence; crcaa-Jeaced tata S
feldt: water lor Irrigative aU year reuad:
water right iccea w-.ta place: S-roca. ?e«:dene».
SiTM, chicken e^t^»». sheds, ccrrals: a crns-
r«ete dairy li-rsi: cream «»?eratcr; 20 dairy
ccTTs. 14 r*arLU:n: a lrt rf road wagra.
m*-wer. rakes, hay derrick aad small tools;
rr.ee fir ai:. POM; terms.
r^rrrrr :jl\s and trust ccmpant.
STOCK P.AXC1£ES A SPECIALTY.
CaZ^emia >*rs-f*a. Artrsca. Mexico st«k
raacres fcr their valae Tzr gnz-^r — vast tracts
r-^tahle tcr rshcUTtstos and ccloKixatiea. Vai-
ua: » act aleae fcr gr^slag. but fcr timber, ag-
riculture, ell. minerals cr tswa sites. We have
many tracts where frcst never ocrure. tt,
ha»-« many raloai> rasrrr* lands where grake
cattle are fat la Ajril. when bee? tt-,rr-~t l -.' t
¦H"e have bestness prrrerry that win pay <
per cent set ca ecsx frr five cr tsa years' lease
have resideacea c? to date, ia tie laad ci
th* lenca. craaxe. suashiae. trztz »*«f sewers.
""« fcav* =^=y bea=t:ral crchard ;:-•« ia
the anetf Sasta Clara. Valley. n«*»r the Gardra
Clry cf C« It-Tarsia. Gocd ia^ry m~-^ ailaifa
TT« caa c2!er a Jiexlcaa graat that w£l bsq-
pcrt iruOO teai ef cattle fcr caly S3O.0O0.
CEAF.LE3 W. CC- * CO..
F^al Estate. Cattle and T->— - T
75 73 auirilli blig.. Ean Joe*. r^T
E »-."3A^<'S ta ranches aad nral hosaa, etc. :
we t.'Z tor. sell and ex-aan^* ,%*i zj ct aU
i.nla. MVHDOrK ft CO.. 13 Chrrmirle ttdg.
F"F- rale — P-an-h. 10i a=^«; U miles fr-rr.
CaiCand: rrsit. hay. stack. tmp!*m«ata and
f-m .-r». Sr-z. Call ofnee.
ponrr arczjgQja lfgi^x. xstattb.
>_LTA FTTNTa TP_»,CT. at iTiija. cn iaatm F*
and e^ectr;: reals; land $200 per acre; lets
6»'x20a at $li0: cr=iard cf 13 acres and
bt:'. i;r^rs. 1W> per asre; mcnthJy payments:
ser.i fcr ma^s. •*-=. HAIGHT. 4^71 Cal.st..S.F.
gr^LO F15Z *Tr rSTATT.
COO 7ZZ. arre— Tw-j ?-a^re ar.d ere 4-a^re
trart, back cf 5"i:r <~-^ : water aal good
-cads; last cf ti^ zr-^^zy left; H cash.
H.voia Park — A £=? ccatry hctne. wrta
wjjg-.Z^ garlen and marnrScent trees; w»tl
imUt, cli-ta«hicced tcnae ia good conditlea;
Icr sai« tt a berzain: 13 a^res. ail traprcved.
Fa_r On** — La-d ta best part of this dis-
trict; we:: *heiter-d and woc«i~i; la tracts ef
f-cm I ts 3 acres.; special tsr=s ta these
t'l-iiag ; — .~>/*»*» : y.
SELBT. RODOEKS * CO^
Telessirne 2£ai= €73. lit CaU^cmla st.
5A7T 2tAT~O -By-aT-r XSTATIL
Sa:: 3JATEO EAN 1LVTEO
THE FTNEST-SUBUP3.AN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAP. *AN FRANCI5CO-
vs* have a cioic-e list cf «x=t-llent residence
-j.-v-nie'-. \;:i* «tt<>9 and acreajpe. Don't fail
* ' '-s t^Tn» barmg. Inveetigate San.
'^^: Park. The idsa.: tr^7*rzy rt them ai
f *t*r=iz cne a^r» eadi. Easy ter=a.
Socad t» he BKxt raltiahle. See oar Incal
« = •--.. Frank S. Ersrscc. £aa JIatec «f2ce
rAi_D-s-rr.- &. hottell. 25 Pest st.
L'lilTA PARK — Ca tSs» of iaa Mateo electric
caj-j; 43 minutes frcm ;-.h and Martet; sewer
a=i water Btptfj ta eaca let; e>ctric. lights,
; CC-fcct Let* fr;m $323 ta $400; terms.
I'-'l i—i-z and $10 a month; ret cC at "LomiTA
~»-ir' aad iave«ti£ate; nay sent oa appii-
EELBT. F.CMZB2 i CO^.
Ttt ?.ri:n ?71. i:"J Cal:f-:r=La «t-
SA3TA C2TZ 22Ai ESTATS.
*- ¦ — "¦' a -r«s at c>a Lotcccd: crcaaxd and
vtaerarl: creek rosa thrcaea place:
aTu.nias.ee cf. water, 2<'-'W-gaiIcn tar.k
• - .'¦» i-ruse and grcuacs; cosy 4-
rrcc-'i. new cottage aad fcarfc: cleaty of
weed with ready atarket clo«« ta baad;
cfeear at $2CG0.
EUSINEH3 <r3AN<rES.
can. sLa:e *oa b a fcak»ry. b«5cts and
•tees, meat =^s.ric?;. bLcyrles. srT<rertee. feed.
i:T*ry. wioti and c^al. to», secocd-band r»ds,
Tr^gr-g hevs . hct»I. fcardwar*. dry rseds. jen-
erai stcr-. etc , ar.i :a fact ta ab«jtit any line
ytrj *jt :: er_?ag» ia.
ADAMS & BAR2.X,
Real Estate Brokers.
117 PUic iv...
S^r.-a Crs* Califrrriia.
EAYWASSS K7T1T. ESTATE.
STANTC.V TPA-.T— $!;•¦» to iZZt} -tr acre; from.
4 Ba H acre trscts-
Sj3»— Bea^tirsil crrcntry home; IO acres: va-
r-e-ry cf frslt. tacatly a->ri<rcts aad rrur.es •
: acn?s £=- vegt?tafc:e <w alTalfa Und;
very -tea ana grews sl-^icst ev«ry-
'hinr: hra>» cf 3 T-xmca: wtadmlH: taak-
hocse: ««X0-<a!. tank: rx4 Scred well:
Sae water and r>»?n.tifil; fcaxn aad 2
¦•hickra-kocsea: r=rsl J .»::T»rr; daily cun-
rsuni<^ti:a a-iih Ssr Francisio.
l:?!i«— Hma*. 3 mema. tata and rantry- let
Zt^xirxi; pri! --caticn; cce bloc* fi-a
•lectri-: cxr.
F-tXtOE A gTANTON.
$73 EACH-U» Ir: E3ai»rur»t. t ti.---k frcm the
r*;!r<^*d «t*lio=; Cae meO. hea>J:fal !o-ality-
eajy a few o< these I<it* left; $3 mcathly.
SZZC — 2-rr*;~* j hard-2cish»d, mcriern ccttag".
I MUb* ii let*. :a Elmhurrt; feaced aad
-r cuitavatinn; small caan jajmeats, bal-
»a« moottiy. ... .*¦-'
C^CAR EETMA.V. It P-art «t.
K7.F7. SS?ATa~7O IIXCJULgGS^
HKAI.TT E2CHAXGS COMPANY.
F. A- BARK, MANAGER.
fUFTE ?C7-*a CALL BUILDING.
It is rntcoestly the case that a' party wishes
ta sell him taXffiSCi fer ii* purpose of reiav*»t-
Icj the prc«:ee4s in i dXSereat <tiad of property.
Ccr icni ct^rience ta tils ba»ia*s» enxbles
is to cften 2cccs;l!sh this double purpose cr
szlr cse rraraactioa. Ti* cciy ccaaitiaa we
xalt« s that r&ur ;rcr»rty. if yen w.»a na to
5.-P««e tit It fcr yoa. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
itl-VD AND IS A GOOD LOCATION. L-oa t
t*»^ cp cLJmi i-^r Cz» er ycer cw& wita
worttl*»s oS>r:=«-«. cr property so liemviiy
acr^gaswi as ta b-av* no actual «q-=ity.
If K has merit, whether 70a e»a r«al estate
sr a serraatfte cr nsanj^actsrinx tnsiaess.
seifg a il-si"!;CC5 cf »aai« to ccr cf2?e «tai»
a* srfeat.fcrd cf ywi -refer ia ex-
-fcarg~. *~d rca wta e« rarpnsed bew
wt> car* «r?ert ta-» rrstiit.
THIS 15 £IMi»I.T BECArSE WE TrSZlZn-
«TA>T> THE EXCHANGE BL"StN'E3S and ar*
16* enlr r«r.9»ry in Saa Francisco rr- J k-<- Tr ,,
»pe»nalty of «ai»e. W« make bo charge fcr ad-
»erti«=5 cr aay ether -£Zles3 vt pro-
cur* an «jul:a2ce «atlstaitcry to yea ta ac-
-' r-t. .
L2S acres Tia^yari and orchard, fn bea=ti*ol Szn^
taCrazJicc«». fcarci.wtaery.biackj^iith shop
t^aetKL lovely ground*; hors*». etrwa. chickens."
tnoU. wagons; fenr^ies. ete.:par.rg very band-
ataar rsveaas; J» tacrr^igaiy e^airped aad tscf-
frr-d for bay tova prepcrty. oa accotmt ct Ul
&eairfc; price JL3.C00. Particulars 247 5th st.
EXCHANXiX — A fine residence ia Alameda. 1212
Paru rt.. fcr a resilence la the city-; cwner
win «ay cash di—erence. A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 \Tr-~*~*_* vi^ry jt.
TTE hare •e-r»ral acmes la Oaklaad to trade
fir UttJe piaies la the cctiatry. GEORGE
W. AU*TLV. 1C02 Bread way. Oaklaad.
20 EaP.RELS of good wb.is.ky to exchange fcr
g-jed country laad*. Eos 15C9. r*n cfijee. ¦
StTDSTAi*TL4X eqairy ia 10 cholca city tots. I
crsr cars; want laad? Box 1313. f~nn
XOOEF-X Ulssasa "£ats f.sr ccttages. wita!
larye grcuaiia. iz. Oailaai. Box 3.422L f^'\.
FEUITVALE ADYERT^S
B YNDICATB
lyvEViMEjrr company.
tNCORPOftATBTD- lii 15».
312 BUSS taTREET. SAN t.'ftA'V* *^.^TY>
HONEY TO LOAN".
BRANCH OFFICE. FRUITS" AL3.
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
' V- . S. R- THORNS, Secretary.
FTRST NATIONAL BANK. Treastirer.
It makes no dUtereace whether yoa have $10.
$1GO or S1CCO to invest. L*t us shew you our
large Ust cf houses and Icu.
' (?otta?es for sale all Cm way from XC3«> to
1 $1SCO on easy caymenrs.
Finer residences ranTtns- fa price *» «oll«w»:
$I«50. $2tX<>. $223Ov t22C<>. 5270O. $30«:0. $3200,
$3.-500, $4C00 aad oa cp to $25,0Ca
VTt bav« ."xcluai-vi sale cf all the property
lifted with us.
! IaTwst S130 ta onu of our HemphiH Trast
lots; $25 cash, balance $10 per mcnt.1.
OB
: Inv-at J-tCO la ece cf thes* Cne lots ea
I Peraita ave. ta tfcet Frsi trade Olea Tract; your
own terms.
CR »
Invest iZZO ta go* cf our dssen beasUfal lots
ca Bray avenue; s-jre cf Ijt3 22x133 fset.
1 OR
Invest $125 each, ta a U-w lots ta tha Ltada
t Park Tra^t.
OR.
Invent J3CO la th? Le^y and Lane Tract.
within 4 blccks cf ataticn; sue cf lota 30xl3O
feet.
OR
Invest $7C0 In a corner lot oa TcaStnSi a.v«-
: na«; corners are scarce, jau know; sisa 32x1^0
feet,
OR
Invest J^CO close u> Fraitvale station: sijt-
' t.> maJie you <{uici rroat. and where tlie
' meney will b« abnulut'ly safe.
1 Remenioer, we bav»e
Largest list.
Choicest Lots.
Lowest prices.
Eajisst tsrnu.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COiTPANY.
Com-;r of Bajsitt and Putnam str»*ts,
Fmitvale, Cal.
> Fhcne -Vsh. 3i7. .
i H- BA2KMHTEE,
I2f'«> B'r-utva:«» ave.. Fruitrale Statlcn. Cal.
I $11X) cajli. bitianc- $0 p»r n-reth; clain cct-
tas^ ot 3 Urs* rcoma. let 73x2ie; alt
ftnead; z^od w»!I and mm!; 4 bLcckJ
[ ' frcm. car line; crtce, all Uld, $5^0.
1 $1.23i>— New cottas* of 4 roomj; pantry an<£
doseta. hanl finished; yo^d well and
purcp: lot 3<>x30'J: firming on 2 gtre-Ks;
2 biccfc* frc-m car line: terra* if desired.
\ $100 caah. balance $U 5<> per montn; b»iy
window cottasm cf 4 rwms; hard fcnish-
ed; sliding do»irs; pantry, closats, etc.;
:j block* frcra Fruitrale station; price >
ody $12C0; worth invest:ga:ins.
$l,3C0 — Mcd-rn o:ttas? cf 9 ir:orn3 and bath; ;
larje pantry; high basement; Ict 5Oxli3;
nice ttower-4 arai fruit trees; bam and
bugsy sned; driveway, etc.; near rar
line; la walking distance cf local train:
this ia a Cn* home and must be *.«3
to b« aaor«<:iat«d. «
i I2.4T1? — Very desifabie cuttas* of 4 roams; high
basement: punrry. hall; h»anng orrtard; ;
plenty of cftick«n honH*»; tor. -:-*s :¦¦'-¦.•. on
mat:»iiami3--d r^ad; no reaacnatiie offer
refused.
; $3,!00 — Modern ccttas* r>( 5 tarca ricnrs »f!
bath.: a!I the lawst improve meats; attic
all floored: 4 acr»» of cbc'.c* Uuut ta
bearing orchard; 2-3tory bam. carrlaa^
hcrase and stable; <-stra e-.-eit wetL. w*nd-
milf and tank; t^is t» an elegant home ;
SBit mt:st be aeen ti b* arcrecl-it^d.
5U,I0C — Two-et:ry r»st<i»r!cs of 12 r.ccrs. n*w',y '
renovat d: n.-eptac« and staticcary (
wasliutaada ta each, rncni: tarse. artia- j
tie icrounds: tw>-stary bara and oat-
bui'dinsrs: elesant Dlace for sanitarium
mt docture home; t«rrR3 $.^rO cajti. bal- !
an.-» cn easy monthly installmeat*.
?o,<5CC — Efte"* 1 ** horn* <;c Fnitvale aveni*.
cnntainiss <i larg-? rocm«. all sice!y ]
tiittrd and frescoed: rccepticrt hall, por- '
eclain bath tub; all ouen and nick'l :
r!at«d nlTimhing: lars* lot. twJxL'*."?: :*. ]
iarx^ h-thous<»s clanted 'With chi'ir* '
carriatton*; extru. s^od well, wrndraill anii ;
TCW-ga.Ilr-3 ta-S. a!T enTfr?sed: win re- ;
move hrathens*-.-* antj a^lt for $4009.
Fcr particulars nt>ilv tn
H. BARK.METER,
N«ar Fraitval* i^rarica, Cal.
W. E. RUDELL.
Comer Fruit-vale .U». an<t WashiastSB Et.. • i
Fruitvale. Cal.
HERS ARE A FETT GOOD BARGAINS.
One c* th»ae onjht tf> s«it you. Ii y%« want '
to live tj "beaat;ful Fraitvale."
¦
$SCO — Houe*. ."i nice r?cni3 and bath; close to
station acd car line.
$12C4 — troffag". 4 n?<;=i3 and bath; lac -tCx'-'O:
• £ half bitici - frora Fruitvali-ave. car line:
terms if desire«i.
iJCt.O — f.'ottag". ; rocras and bath: lot -43=113:
¥ c\it*n ta cir Iia#, stat'.ca aad schoct. .
%VjO — Lot JCx2':<3; will Icaa you ta« racoey to -
- build.
$3SCC — B^autfut ccuntry heme: 4i-i acres; '
fruit, vegetables and Sowers, nlca cottag». ¦
(S rccms; larze stab!*, chicken hcxiifn. ]
windmill and tanli; "think it over, then 1
CttS and 3-?e 0:0.'"
S1CUC — N^.w, modern, cotta;*; 4 lars* rscma
and recent; jn hail: pcrceiain bath, sta- 1
tita-iry vmh trayr; high ba»«m<f3t. part-
ly Cor.rsd: Iars» lot: near station, car 1
line <id.J. achuol: terms reajcaabte.
1« ACRES AT $1-10 PER ACRE.
E Apply W. E. RUDELL. Real Estate and In- i
jur-inc» Xgeat. Frultva'-i are. aad Wisiin;- \
ton st.
I. L. SAXXO3C, Fraitvxle. Ca:.
StlCQ — Stack and :rr^ruvem»nts and Craft en &•
acre ranoi ia Fr.iitvale. The Lmpniven*! nta ;
cocsUt «t 3-room !x»use. 17 ehicken houses. !
3 brocier house*, 'i incubatcrs, f.ed house, j
«T.'Od hcrse and. w-isotj. cart, ail tool* and i
icTOi furniture: seed -well, also city watar;
on!y 2 blocks fr-3m car line.
$2,3c'D — Just cjmaretad a new cicdarn 3-rcoci
cottage, Lar-ia rerrtkra hall. scrceLaia bath
tub. nxant^i. ra^ and «I«ciric I
flxture*. lanr» lot. street work all *ine, '
c»n»nt wa'is.
?SCO — Two acre^ cf sarten land: grod bara.
bricked up wpII,- Boaa&tSm for hjuse. street ]
wirk all dene.
INCOME PROPEP.TY FOR SALE.
3-acre raaca. Craft, terries and ve^-tiSIas; >
etfuipped for raisins stock cf ail kinda". Iar?e
farmh<M:3e: hot and COM Tratir; windmill; !
larse barn; bcx stalls; stan«l»a fir ca'tle; price- i
reduced (run ?C"i.O to *-"•:« t: . ofl couoie want I
tc cn East.
Lot !n Oakland. 3'islS.". only $+30: close t-> ,
Key RouW. Scathera Paclic aad Santa, Fe
depots.
Tfcase are 3na-s.
Ccs3-r.and ace tha cunwr.
~.-*r r. 1^ saxto.v.
t> FRUm/ALE STATION.
P. O. B.-.'X. 213, Frair-.ale. Ph.:ne Vale :
CHAS. F. L5E. Phcne V a ;- 2T/<J. '
Office cne-half fclcck from Fraitvale statica.
StCCO — *SC«1 caali. b«'ar.-e $1& monthly: ntrose >
of il rccms: clcs* ta street cars and sriiocl- Ict
3CXU0.
*5C4> cash— Beaotifrl. up-tc^iate, h[«;X bajw- j
ment cottar* of 3 rwms. bath, reception-hall. |
pantry. .-«:». lra.iry wasarabe; sanitary pitanb- i
tn.r: near the local train, sence! and electric '¦
cars: tat 23x123: rrice. all .tuid. $T73O.
SUiTO cash — Mc*ra ~ft-rr.om hotrse. bat&. •
puntr>. 'lesrant art mantel, abundance cf '
b^rry vln^s cf ail >cisufs: 15 fruit trees tn bear- '•
tnu: sravl-d wal'ita: '-hicitirn house and yard; '
ntcaly ttrrirt-d; oa^-hj.tf t !••-:< to street cars. !
seN-cf, and t?ml train wirhtn fenr mlatrtss' '
wane: street wcr!»- al! dnne; s*rTr^r»d; nice
sidewalk; lot 0:^x1:10; monthly parmenta $20-
Erw». all told. fC3Mk
$73 tots tn the beautiful R=sa t^e Tract; fin» !
srtl;. gra-.d viav.-: new hom*» racldly J.ima- its: ',
na ccid wind" cr ««t tmza and lots only $73 j
each: *3- down. rj*:anc<» $2 3i) r>«r month.
CHAfc-". F. LflE. 1221 FruftTale *v*mie.
_ — SPECIAL ~~~
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PAPS. LirfDA PARK. LINDA PARS. !
T^e terminus if 5-cent fare. Haywarla cam; ;
streets graced and ?ravefrd: stone sidrwaiij- j
depiit on tract; lots firm S3D to $UCO; $1T> caaa i
and baiarsci* $10- p*-r moa:h: 13 bio.?ka w luc*i
trala; t*rr !ocn:ed property cn San Leandro j
road: crad^L, sr-nool on tract. App4y to S. S:
AUSTIN. lWt Twenty-third avu.. Oaktand.
FOR sale— $2730; U cost $37U. rents far T2a
per atcnth: 2 cntt45»s rm. lot. 4Cxl3O. Arcty
tn S. S. AUSTIN. IIOI Tweaty-tMrd ave..
East Oakland.
TWO netr cottajres. t aai 3 rccms: terms ta '
stdt ptm-haaer: cnaace to get gacd home !
chetrr- *l»"7 Bray ave.. Frnlfrale, on- bfeck i
sctxth of county rotui. !
310Ci> — FOR sal*. FmitrraJ* S-rocra house aad j
b-tth; lot 30 br MB; windmill arid tank, bara.
Apply H- LKITH. (53 Rjecmer »t.
FOR sale — $10Ci>; house of 8 rocms and bath: I
tot 30xl«U; bam, wLndmilL tank. Aroiv to
. €3 Bc*fcaier St.. Fraitvale. H- LETTH. " [
$43<>— STOCK an«l flxwres-cf pealtry and fruit I
. ranch. F. LEITHM-OTN. Uacola. ave Cp- j
per Fro^val*.
— ——»—.— —^ » 1^— .— — —^ MIM ;
QAELA2vl> ADTERTOlfTS
O~" ICE. J»I6 BROADWAY.
O£.KJ,ATTD KTTAI. SSTATS.
— ¦ mm ¦ : ~i
$43Cfi— FLATS rijht in town: 5 aad « rooms;
rent* $47 3f> month: a bargaia- By TItB
ALDES CO.. 1233 Broadway.
IF yetl tnt«n«i buying, cail and e»t m llwt ot
d»slr;ibie prop»rti«-» at A. J. ENYDIi^R'S KZ i
Xiath. st_, Cailaad.
ALAMEDA ADYEBrSH^S
AXAMBSA BJaAJi XSTATg.
HATB TOC SZXX THE BEAUTXF"CT*
-EDDIES "WE ARE OrTSRXNO FOR SALE!
3CT.3T BS SSSX TO BS APPRECIATED 1 .
A3 assdera, ccs-reaieaces, the ?ery Ixtsst
laiproveaie-tj aad Eo«t perftct arraagsmeat
octalaaile.
TrariT.r
CHajucng:
SCFEaBl
ET TES CHOICEST LOCATION3 IN
AT.*\rFTtA,
PCHCHASS A H0MZ IN* ALAmrDX
* E * Oealttiest. prettiest »^d meat deairabls
elace far a honie ia tae world.
>"ear Scboola. Traiae aad Omrclies- •
A 3TTW OF THE3JL '
JS200— Elegaat new S-rrscai eoloaial kotise; a
preacuaced architectural scccesa; beaati- !
faUy designed: •very pcssiXle arraass- t
=e=t made for cotafcrt.
$-wOC — New S-rccm coicmal hotxse- corner lot- ;
-„ * barsxin ; «arroc=ded br beactifsl homes" !
$-SCO— See this heme if ycu waat * bargain: ;
3-rocia cattag* aad attie: lot SCxlSO;
¦table; worth. $7300; ctttsa: Iear'.c* cosa-
JilCO— 8 rre=« aad bata : let -43x130- Saa
I _ > _^ Actsalo are.
1 $3710 — <i rcEf aad fcatn; cottag*; let 40x150; !
i cearlj new.
; $25C!> — <!-rocni ccttage; aew; let SCxlSO: mad- :
errs. ;
; $ISCt>— Fias bargain: 4 races arid bath; cot- >
tage; por:h. 23w»rs. cement witv-»; ca !
CTftHrfg«l avenue; moat be sold.
¦ J_li ALAMEEA LAND CO..
— «-° Fart St.. Alajaeda; Picas ALiaisda, 430.
SACRIFICE — ERAND NEW S-ROOM HOUSE. '
IZZSt* — Heu»* cc»t $23CO: I^t wcrth $S00- tctal ¦
cent $i7C0: only tTjZZO b-ys it: fc»st reasons I
for s^lllajr: ts well built, modern, open '.
plinicing. pcrcelaln bath, electric lights J
aad gaa. cement walks, t'.c. ; every modern 1
convenience: beautifully finlsaed in pme; ,
artistic in appearance: Z blacks cf Mastick i
«tat!cn: 35 minatis cf S. I'.: beautiiul
location and surroundinss.
LOOS— INVEST31ENT— LCO K.
j *3?C0 — Tt»> ntcdirn 3-rocm cottages, with large :
recepticn han; rent* $3S per aiccth;
steady tenants; well bu:It. modem, cement
walks, la was, good lets; well located: I
ewner ncn-resid'nt; must be said; let na !
shew faa these.
; t'i'.r- — Tw~-et;ry 7-rootn Sm:»: h^h basement. !
t. rii£h«>«l ; modej*?. up-to-date: near Grand- i
»t. »tat:oc; 2nj Iawr:: aa ideal home: a '
%*. -r-.n<?» ra acco-unt r.f cwner 1 «a,vtng-
' VSCOf — Elegant twa-stcri' heme: south side of i
tawn. In beaatifal l--watioa; near bay 1
stcrt: well fcciZt aad Sntsfced; cearty n«w; ,
ccst $CCCO w^thrri!t let.
I i-:y — M.jdem t9 I n^m. two-srory aad bas*-
rrent h-m«<»: med^rr:; up-tt>-late.- lot S>x •
150; idssi Scnie. with stable: sitnated ca ¦
the !•:--. side, near sratica and cars.
• $eC0«' 1 — Modem house of 5 ncffli upstair* and
4 'i.-'VTistairs; tl!l:ard-rrora, cellar, wtnd-
ni;:i and tars; let 53x1*0.
HALLT t CO..
. 2312 SANTA 'JL.XRA AVE.. NEAR P.VRK ST. !
OFTZS TO-I>AY.
; HERS 13 A CHANCE FQH EVERYBODY. ;
GRSAT BARGAINS.
TTCT> NTCB WATETR FRONT COTTAGES '
: ON CENTRAL AVE.. N5AR STATION- i
' EAHGAIN5; LAR'lE LIST C? REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-ron ccttajre Ninth, st, near station; I
I lot 25xl2S>: eniy $14iX).
A fine heme cn Reyent it.: See garden; lot I
1 JCilSO; near Park statrcn.
TTTO BARGAINS.
S-rocsa ecitxs*; lrt uPxl^3; J13CO.
5-roci= cottage; Ict 25x130; $13?0.
FOS. SALE ON' E-4SY TERM-?.
$30 rO"5TN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
3= LOTS .
rt: 4x123 TO 33x17^.
paf.t cr sq-':alled fkomm thact
I TTVO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION,
• THrr.TY MINUTES FROM SAN FftAXCXBCO
HALF ELCCK FROM LONGFELLO%V
SCHO«3L.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FHANCI3CO
' r.rAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
j HCV5E 1^.- EEiT LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A R. PENKZ,
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
ALAMS7JA. AL.11IEDA. ALAMEDA.
THE STTELLcs-7 AND FINEST SUBCBBA2V !
CITY IN THS UNITED STATES.
THIS "O-EEICS LEADERS FOLLOW:
$r>5j» — Cn Paru «t.. sear Central ave.: 50- ;
I feet let: bwbU. 1.— - r n*ir cottage of C rooms: !
: r<-rreia!n bath; ccmhiriaticn ras arid electric '
: Kr&S ?.xra-<*SL
$12TT — Fine BCCSi ccrtagis of 3 rxinrs: mcrt-
rar- of S3C0 caa remain; see it.
tlTZi! — <rcttagt cf •* rj.^ss; -lot lot; beaatifal
; vi«-«r.
$3Cr>0 — New, Jrrst cnrrrpleti^: «!-room cottaa--;
• all the latest modern impravement»; $730 cash,
; talance monthly.
$273O — A beautiful te=«; lot 106x110; lawn.
; Cow*rs, »ts. : heese of S rooms.
BUILDING LOTS AT ALL PHICSS— OUR :
£?E:riALTY.
If ycu are thinking cf baying, renting or
selling eee the leading and reliable agents.
HAMMOND i HAMMOrD,
It22 P.UtK 5T.
Sa>«san ia efflce to-day.
CENTR-U-LY LOCATED.
Kossera ccttaj*. tf rrrcn:? and bsth; let 23x
! 10S; enly $1 ¦»(."<) ; easy terma.
T O CLOSE ESTATE
Two-stcry b.^se. II rocms ar.d bath: all •
; modern conveniences; in (fee order: north, sid* :
, BfeStsi Clara av.-., near Grand; li seld at onue !
i $«00.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME
: Oa Mcrtca st.. sccth of Central: modern 3-
I rccm. hcu=e; spl-ndMIy ballt; sanltarr plumb- '
¦, ! =«- tattt. high basement, attic, taakhouse :
! weii cr citr water: lot 3OxIa3; coat owner :
' VXOir, win sell f^r KZTi»\
I J. g. HANLEY. 131.> Park ;t.
ATTENTTON TO INVESTORS.
This ts paying « p»r cent net; mast be sold- j
i new two-story brick tutiiia«. cantainin* 3 •
; stores: 7-foot c-ilar; 4 modem up-to-daw i
i fiats; Utjw 2-et=ry stable; war-he-jea; 4,}x73: !
1 near City Hal! and Library ftnlldtae-. cn ma:.i <
; line of electric cars aad i, black from "ark •
1 st.: price -TlH.^ai: this !b a chance; call and I
•»<• ua f;r farther* nurti.-nlars.
TVM. DUFOUR & CO..
: =3* Fanta. Clar-t are., rear P:irit St.. Alameda '
; BEAUTIFUL trise, north side Clintcn ave •
19 rooms: medera: nothing tetter tn A.!a- •
meda: rharm.'rg hnm*. 9- rocms. Alameda !
are., cc'y ?r..-.)i}; 3-rccta cottage. Slw.'O. Ala- 1
rwHia ave. : 5-rscm cntta»e. Grand s- $l^x>- s
i2" r^, 1 ?' .£v£ tr *l ***" rr * at fc «^ai=. Biaat i
be teli. rrrx**; Irji> f e - t front choire lot on I
; Central ar?.. erjy $32X»; S Beta. *ne t-»ct !
frr bu'tdlBg. ofTr.r wajtte4 Lafay»tte «t. !
carraia. JTT3O.
I E- D. JUDD CO.. It2t Park st. \
¦ REALLT CHOICE A^«D REALLY CHEAP ' I
3S fin- huiMing I«ts ia the beat ~«'d-nc- '
, -art of ITinarfo; thew l^ts face cn Tajfar. '
¦ Santa Clara. Haljet and Railroad .v.,.. a.^^'
j are all within tvn block* pf railroad and street !
. car Ur.««: str^u rcacad%=ix*d and !
I cf cement: nricea rans» from $4<x> t-> $7"VV >
>. terms. «5O »r;d mcrtth'-r rsrvmen*» C f fo' :
HA%\TK3 * MEHRTENS;
Sevesta st. and Railroad ave.. ATam-«da
! "a-d-amsV-cB: —
Fcr a :«-¦•-:'- real e-tat? tott fan tn caD I
: tia. the reiiable agents who fcav,. ho'is»s cot- i
tar-s and lets for sal* «n the very best toca-T
STvSg^g. TaiM ?~? e •*» -« I
ADAMS ft CO^ Bay «taacn.
PhmT».AUrf.«da «3?2.
Cf*ce ez-'.a 5s2 t Iars frora J a. a b 3 p. n.
eli;er e. johnsox. *~- ~
csicnia! honl^. new. J375Q.
S-r^nra bm«:o». r.«r, $273O.
HcT"«ea. lots, all cn»^»»
EL^fER E. JOHX3Q?f. ISOI Park st.
$iCrt> WILL build to crier modern cottars c*
5 rcen»: let 3.1xt23
J- H. T.OUNG. BnlTder
l?l.%Far!< *..
Alameda.
G^>OD fcusir»-sa prmjeiiy at a bargaia cn
P«r* **~ Inr;TriT» at 2HT5 San Ant.-^gfff ave.
BEEKELEY APyERT'S'yTS
HESXTZZ.ZTT "KT,\Tm SS7A7Z. i
w. c. Jioa.u;.
I1S50 — Nfc.vw 4- room cottag-v all medera tm-
prsrveasents, 1 block ta K.ry Route: street
wcr* all dene; »2W> casa. balaace $20 p«r
nwati. W. C. 2I0R.VN. Scuta Berkeley.
tZt-Vt— 7-EOOM ecttage ca «O»ft. etrset- half
block ta ears: trait trees, all bearing; gced
¦well; lot 50x1 49; a snap; street work all dene
rndedirar c«=eat walks. W. C MORANL
Stsata Berkeley.
$3CO CASH bal $12 per nicath: 24 acres iai-
pnmed. near Frcim!*: pne« X'ldnss \
F. O. tcx 10. Duuacni. C*J»
t BEEEELEY ADYEET ? S ? NTS
BSXOLZY •«•« a t. SSTj^uj.
CHENET * BSKST.
$3350 — $800 casa; many cottage. 3 rooms aad
bata; Z blocks ta cars and schccla; barrzia.
S35C0 — I6C0 cash: aaw ft-rocai boose; taa-
saia* la all tae rctuas; haady tn traias aad
1 schools; snap.
$385O — TU.CO cash: 5 rocma and 1 bita; &ice
place; near Dwight way; looJc this up-
$4250 — $3C0 casa: Etna St.; colonial r S rocnis
and bath; cneice tcscatioa.
$2230^-$23O cash; Vintaia-gt buns^tio-w;
street work dene: 3 rooms and bata; $UC0 for
let. hall cash; Forest ave.; sunny; fine view.
$4C0 — acre lot. near Tmtrersity; Alpine.
$1300 — arr* tot; Garemcnt; bargain for a
henxe.
$6CC0— Dwight-way business corner; 100x135.
$l«,0C0 — 3*^ acres at Cl-or-mont; 13-rocca
' house: elegant grounds, fruit, etc. • .
CHENEY & EEKRT,
PcstJtfice Block, Berk-ley.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
1 $1550— Modern cottiye. 5 rcoms. bath, etc.; lot
4t}xl<:0; gtre*t work, all dem?: close to
t[ A«hby; cash $3CT, balance $13 month-
ly. - usw>
! $22tO — Buugalcw. 3 rocrns. bath. »tc. ; gas arjii
, electric; cash flCQ, balance $25 monvbly.
{ ttsm
j C7C0 — Commedli^js eclcnial 3-story hauaa
. j 'built 2 years). 7 larse rcoins, hi?h Saorsd
busement. bath, tctlet, electric light,' city
water, etc.; fane Int: Main av*nae. close
to station; str^ec -work dcn»; small casii
. » pam?»nt: ea«- In^tairments; a snap. (M4l»
1 ! $2TS*; — New 2-«tory hous*. 7 w^ll finished
r-.oms. bath, pantry, laundry, 2 toilats;
!cc 4-"-sI^0; srr«.»t wcrk and ceoi^nt
dene, close to station. il.5"51>
' ! %-lZZv — Pesirabie rssidence, 2-*tory. 7 rocma
(paneled r^r^ptxa and dining rooms): up-
tc-iiate ttttlass. etc.; lot IQaclCfl; ici-
,| proved av»cu-; ideal home in lovely lo-
cality, near College ave. (13t"v
, H. I_>. LSW1K. L.:rin station. South Bericeley.
Ou»o siuniiaya Camas« in atteniiajici.
I S13CC— "J-ROOM ho':ro: fcish tas«m«nt; on rcxln
1 j street; np-to-I^te m every respect; street
¦ j wcrk cenjptate; close to car?.
j J-':Ci; — Handsome new 0-rcom coctase; .; baj-
wtr.dr*ws; gas in ev»ry room; tinted
thromrSQUt: str»et work complete: let 4i;-x
_ 130 and 4 f*eL abcv e strict: cl.j»e ta Key
Route and S. P. station; blotk from
screes cars.
$33C3 — Fine larye ?-rf-'Cta house with basement:
corner l<x; street wcrk ccmrtete; la heart
of Lortn: bandy to ail cars; owner's in-
structions are to rsfMce no reaaccabta ci-
te.
ANOTHER SACRIFICE.
! ; I have ttve lary*. beautiful Lota within 3
[ minutes' walk of K-y Rdum and S. P. trains:
¦ j all fenced; street work and cement walk: your.^
1 : fruit treea: tofal frontal" if!t> f»et; aa a, "whete
1 '¦ or in subdivisiccs: a grand buy.
f j C C EM^'LIE, the Aahby-ave. Real Estate
( ' r«?al-sr. tjren S"uaday» frctn 12 t-a Z.
. $I3C0 — i r. ; cie*. modern; Ict 37x133; inr
car«. easy term*.
"^-StSCO — a r. : nice condition: lot 40x130; sear
: : Grove St.
• I $223*) — 5 r. : lot 30xt3«>; near U. C. and "Key."'
• ! *2300 — 7 r. in.i attic: moiara; let 40x130; near
Orcve St.
j S30CC — H r. : n;-w: nlc»; good tot: east of Grore.
'¦ ?.>7Ct! — > r. : modern; nearly saw; line location;
near tn.
¦ ; $03<)C — 7 r. : modem: fine location; east cf
• t Dana, ncrth cf Dw'.giit.
< i $4Z3n — 7 r. : new: a «-?m <f a home; very sight-
ly sa:uau-Mi: near Berryman.
\ ; f\Z>:<> — * r. rr--nr; 3. d^isy; fin-iy finishe-l; base-
¦ ¦ aient; <?;c?ant lecation; beautilul v.tws;
. j ne ar Berryrr.an.
IGCCC — .1 r.: aa attract Jv». medera hcrne: I^L=d-
*ctr» grourtila'; cnotce location; near nci-
'.' .Tiitr: ertnttrnaatmam trjseii; nwk* <sfr-r.
LTUAN AL1.EN. 2VZI "Center st.
' $CC<^> — A NEW 2-star-*. «5-rQt«n bouse; larg-;
t>.t; ne&r tlte Key Rnute.
• ; FU:e 2-Jtory h-iwe of 7 rjoms: cemer
. : tot: <:re«t work all dona: very conveniently
• ¦ situated.
• ; • -Si&eiV- Near Dwijht 7<-~ay sta:icn: fia* 2-atjry
I house of 'J rccms; lot 7ttxlO3; street wirk. aS
• dene.
$7000 — A 'j>v»ly swell chalet; fine corner lot
• ia a nrst-cljs.; r/»:«3i-<w!i>>;d. cn aa electric
: car line; a ;jr?tty place.
ii acr* in th* a*irt ot town, with ottajte.
; wlrdmii:. 4**«"C-2-a;. tank, lory- bam. crvr seed
, aad bus,ry thte&'. frcntlns; cn macadaaiizeil
( str»»t. for sale at a tarjain; there* money
1 in. it.
JOS. J. MASON, Esal Estate.
c SE. cms Shatrick ave. aad Centsr »c.Bsrks!»y.
, ALL BARtiAlXS.
; $ZZtAi — EIe«mt new »5-r»-.cri Scc3e. ;iear Dwljht
way tfaffew; car. be twoirU for * 1 JCi>cash;
cfc<?a:vr tsaa rest.
' $3S5'> — Larit 7-rocm h-ji^««». n»*r university and
test car lines: beat bary-iin in Berkeley '
; $3<;CiJ— > rwms. Nirth Bjrksfey; hi Sa base-
ment. SooretJ attic; conservatory; lary?
lot; perfect Ia-wcr s»» thLs plic- : aiaics
offer; owner .complied to nr-ikj .jTiick
::aie.
¦VTrit? to xw f.:r eery c f our ne-» map .if
• Derkaley. ahnwin? all ?tretft». ear lines. local
! station:;, <iniv»rsity bti f .!.Iin~!« »tc
TV. R. ELLIS tCO./
I Phccg North yj. 2130 Shattuck ave.
; $11O EACH— 2 hcusws: EzTSS let; half caah.
ti!ance lei«s than rtiat.
$li3<) — 3-r. eottay-; lari? ict; on Z streets;
terms rea.«:n.ib!e.
$1700 — Shinsied mttas 1 -: ne-v; $,v:o cash.
$13 rer men in: moxt sell qui.?k.
Ccttjg»s — All prices, frcm $12iM> up: jr-jod
lew. $2C0 and up; hins?s. £Uts and star»s to
rent
Phcne Dirby SOC. MURDOCK £ CO..
Open Simdaya Scuta. B^rk*l«y iLortni.
I«Jh — JftXE lot, 44xX9; on TTcoisey st.. near
T?t«s=apa ave. : Cos a f»»?» days only.
Ta Rent tn H*rice!-y.
House cf 7 rooms: on U*h«| C r st.: $27 5«>_
House of 7 rc.irns: on Louisa st-: $C3
l?cnse of H rrr.2. n B!»*r? tz. : $20
; LITTLE £ WOOtSET. Stt* ave.
B^rk»iey, Cal.
. MAKE diligent tr;v»stlssticn and then compare
prices aad advantage of the -M;i>« Tract"
with any property far ••jrsneral rciroers" la
Berkeley and you wilt Qrwl it stands at tha
head of th* Ust; one btcc't from hlsa so lure 1.
two blocks from ne-» library, rnaia Key
RiiOte ar.d S. P. statlTs; three btccts from
university acrt Santa Fe station. FP iNCI'^
FEREOER. 2121 i-Iuttuck ave.
; 6 ACRES la the heart of town, with catta^*
; windmill. 4C<M-cal. t^nV. I^^rg^ b»ra. e«>w
shed and baszy sh»d; CnmiiBc on macida-
raised street, for sale at a barzaln; ther»'»
money ia It- »
JOS. J. MASON,
i SS. Ccr. Saattack and Center St.
PHILO MILL5. n»J7 Shartiick it». j
I havo a few law left tn the folio-wine; tracts;
I Berry -Baays. Hopkins' T»rnc!, Wheeler. M3-
4-<3ee. Daly Scenic and Sweeney tracta. Also
j choice, select lets here and there. Let me
j show them to you. Phcne Mason 21S2.
1330 FOR a S-TOom cottigs and baspment;
lan» let; smith frrnta«r~: near Berkeley sta-
tion; a birffain. ALBEE t CORTELL 2133
Csntsr St.
I ELEGANT lot in Berkeley for «a!» ch^ao
M0RAN 4 SWAIN. 21.TI Shattockave.
1FKUITYALE ADVERT'STS!
i ?a c it v AxsjasAi^ e st a-te. j
[ ELRuD & Hl'LL. ,
\ No. «— ttiUi-. a 4-rontn house; will and
j pump; chick->n houses; lot ZCx^cj); nwre laa.1 ¦
j ailjoir.lns can be bought cheap; this wiil make !
a. Sae chiokec ran<-h; 2 blocici fraia car line; 1
5 blocks from ffcfccoL
No. 43^ — IHCO; a bouse of 4 Lars* reonrs: cor- i
' ner lot: 1 blocks from 23d-av*. station; atr—t
work doc*: can sell you this place for i2SO
•lo-wn. balance same a.s rent; this la a nice
j place; ccms aod w? will be g:ad to- show you
J this place.
No. 14 — $183<}; a new 4-rccin bun^aiu-ar; city
J water; ba.to, rastry; ccnn«ct#d with raaia
! s-wer; ru»ar acbool and car line; corner lot.
I 2KX.14O; staaE payment do-wn, balance saraa aj
I rent.
1 No. 3— $C*50: a. 7-roora tnuae. femished corn- !
slete; nice go«J-?n *^i snuads^ aoaia fruit ;
I trt-.s and berries: let j.xl:J7; i block from ear
j liae; close to good school: tiasurpaaaed vlaw cf
• surrotindire citros and b^y.
No. 51 — $.W0: a 3-rcam house: bath, paatry. '
i stationary wash travs. hiih basement, city i
! water; good barn; chiok-n hensea; berries and
fruit tret*; flcw5rs ta abundance; ccmnianda
elijant '."t* 1^; tot ICHXiij: clcae to Siiactsl- 4
I blocks freni car liae.
' Na. 13— ?4C;C0; a Icrret7 7-rocm hctrse. Io-
«tt*d cn Fraitvata ave.; aoaae Juat dafshad;
modern tfcrourbent; you wilt only hare ta see
this ph»ci» ti> want tt: Cn» cherry treea oa rtar
of tot, whirti i« v«ry Iarse.
No. 20— *Xfi» will buy a 7-rocm bcuso Ic-
cated cn BUS pound, ecrnmandlna- a jrrand
f rtsw- of du? cities and bay; taia p!ac<. tuts a
j spacious rarden and locely surrouadtasa ta
every way. 7 -
Na 1*5 — S22CO: a S-rx>«n bon^-alow. jnat Rn-
tshed- beam celling and paael walls, wita
dlsh-»hell ia dinlay-raonr. cnve ceili'mrs
throushoct>- balancw ct hcuse. elenrantiy
e.inin^d pantry, kitchen arm bath; on Una
street, ta gocd neljhborhood ; adjblainje lots
caa be pureaased; 13 raiatrtea' wslk froai Iac*i
BTrtlding tots on Fruitvala are., located on
th«* me»S desirable part oC tfc# aireaaa: lots are
4O> feet deen and revered -wrth. full bearing
trcft trees: ! surrorinded by fine homes: come
anti 6<» convinced of ta*ir sup-rasrlty.
--nd for fall pristad -tiata ami aiapa o* Froit-
TaV--. •
PtLROD i. HULL. U10 FriiitraJe ave.. VA
blacks frura local station; pfi.cn* Broci 1631.
OAKLAM) ADYEBrSHTS
¦
OaK1a\U HKAL ESTATE.
r~
j ¦"- It. KAKNAJtD
co Tec wxaa a h^me^^T^.^^
&Jiae ethers. JOslOO. $3C« aad $3Sa
. a: *> * chexa iace. « ness witi let 4Sx
l*a aa<* stable, for f^fia
Another witi frait aad ffowert. SL3CO
On MrrCe st.. aaif biccie frrrei str-«: ca»»x
5-rjcrce.i houae; let 35x123: $1SCO.
A 7-r-Jome-i tcusa ca West st. Bear Uta;
tedtea; ?iir-»
Oa Z2& cr Vtila ate. oc» tlcck trxs. itar^ai
«t Golriea Gata. Ict tODzllS feet. Juat C2a
thiaflr far three cattaxrs : YICGO.
All caaa. ar $3CO caua and mortgxrs at T-*
per ceui.
IT ywi wiat cti«r paytny iar»«t=aeats r*tisr
tlaa real nza.Zs I can. bu cZ serrics to y-?u-
WHAT WILL TOC CHOOSE?
Some itscic ta S. P. 5i:;:ia» Co. paytas 5O
cent* mcaiily ca every taar* fsr acre tiaa
t»a years.
Ia Cakiaa-1 Crematory, paid 30 cents «tr»t-
deair m March. May aad Z-xam.
Ia the S. 5". 3ahtirSe.a H:oe -p- «*.-»• -g 5©.
ctety; Is«tted bonds c£ i per cent aad ¦* per
cent. fc» fartaer saar-.ns; ia tS» pnfits.
The«s be feo«si; by roU pajmjau er
Also ta ta* ilr_r;«...m tavtsi Treat Ca. of
Saa Frmadsco* 5 per cent and •» per ceat.
acme stack ia tiia P*aaU aad Br^okaSJr* C.J
Cca.. c^ar Sacta Maria; prrxiucttve w%Cs:
selling- taetr oil to th* £taadar-l Oil Ci at
«5 t» Ti cents p-r barr*I *: tie w*Ila.
FULL INFORMATION FCRXISHEO.
Also 3O saarea cf tie Par* Vaxsr Cj-*»
itcci. gsaraat»eln» 9 r«T «=t net.
Scaia Tariack lrri«aiica bcoda. 5 ner erst,
running 4 years, a* 9«>.
«3C0 wcrth cf Bsaiti- Syadirat* 3 per c#at
«r»12cat*a at SSc. or dijeouat of tfcW. 1.' i>
plied for immediately. Ctaer axtractrr* «-
cor-.ties. Cnt tii» out for ref ei «ace- Onj
ens inaertica. s
1^ rcu caa do better, fy eljswhere.
I? YOU CANXC-T DO EZTT23. '~ V- <ES
W. B, BAR.VAI1I}.
473 T-nth st.. Cailaa*.
LaYIIANCS R2AL ESTATE CC
4*>-tS2 EIS33T3 ST.
OAKLA.VO.
Jl> XC — Coe« »;*.-•• eteastnt 7TW. -,;—.,- t2-
rr)r=a r-«1dence; - . ; ,-a:-« ratartar-. 70s
113: aaadao=«st acme west of Braa-i-
war-
S9.ZC0 — h::«gaat bxnae: 3 rjeais; near Seaatcr
Ptricrnsr' ifcagJtga; Shakespearean ar-
caitsetars; iOxliJ: tsrr*ced; sa*s3i2ss=j
vie-w; Veraca Hh^scs best prcoerty.
$3.TC — Extra ffa« ec-f^»g*; 7 rTcnrs; 30 f:.
frrara.r*: »d>rta» nae manaJcc*: v»ry
choices* sertjea; Marlut-et. statioa-
?4.CCC — ZJ) lacj; Braatdway Tirra^e; scrpcraitoa
ctestnjc out sale: terms.
S3.SZG — Ccst VSZm; mcrtgaga fsrria« «.•:• »-
r>«ai hcafle, •xtr* wea bti^-: T»nta
ar?. : cretcw* sectlmv warm belt: ta*- 1 -
$3.S3O— Suburtaa pia.t: 29 £o-» or * »er*a: b«s:
I*vb1 laad ia ecuaty. frensa *aa Lea-idr ¦>
ETi-rsric Rcaa: nscd^ra SaUdtrw. atm
and 5-r-.u=i fiat; insorert S2ZCO- Car
mcTT^ag^ tECO; wtU dou.Ua ta »aia-.
MVST BS SOUD.
$2,.-0— Med-rrj cctiajr!; 3 and tata; haaesent;
gas: Cakland PostafSc.? 4 Clocks.
*2.'5-C^-Mcdera cottar^: 3 rocrra and batS:
Uasearea:; reata CO: Itzi. ind T»ie«r»;X
$5C0— Lt-t . 2ifxl.79; itre?t wcrk eonsatet**
Wi;«^rtj ave.
$SCO — Let 25x112; street work escstetsr I3ta
and Market.
$M0 — Let eas-7 terats; Cakiaad ave.
$1.SC9 — Neat ccttas*; •$ p:t.^i»; *T:teU0;
tarn; snaay lecatica; strsei ccajplie"*;
-¦ cze^j.
$7'^— Fin^ 577. ccmer. 3<>tl3I: conv-aieas : >
t -Jw . Dw '* 3 ' w *3' and caata. F» 4*pot.
*1.^CC — Neat cottaase; 4 rccms; near T«ljgr*pn
ave. p«5wer-hense-.
$1^ICC — Cc?mfQrta»)le cottage; 4 rscraa; lira
•*-. near C*ater-st. stat'its.
L.VTMA.VC2 REAL E3TAT3 CO^
«a>-*rt FTiaHTH 5T^
OAKXAXU
TAYLor: rracs. a co..
Real Estat?. InsuranrT and FTaaaclif Afstrrs.
TUtS&sat C?iar
I2T» Br^^lwxj-. Caitizi. C*C
A HOMS ON THS HILLS.
. . •
$213O— A pretty ccfas», sirzat* on taw tiTs
ta Pl-«tn-ont. wita mrm-Tiaciecr -»i«rw art
all «i*»» of bay and fcjothilli; irt I2xt25 -
feet; tti» honse im nearly new. 5 rooms.
tata «n.-J fej^s haaets«n^ one bisde tt>
P'«*a»>r:r ave. car ac>2 ba: a. jiort dis-
tax<re fr'tn prrpesed Ksy Route erten-
stca. C>wTt»r wjies ta i«*v» zzzy f '
mnat s»i!. This 53 aacther tarxaia. —
MUST BS SOLD TO CLCan M2S
ESTATS.
H*r» i» as el#cant eeraer ea Crov- sf .
t^tir»ea 13th and Itia sts.. lot 73xlL»
f»t. Tats- L» mewl ta caa of tha
chcicrsj resid«3:r* dlitncts. Present tai-
Enrv-mmrs corafat of aeai: cottig*. Taia
wnulu be aa elesaat loeatlca fcr «i?«-
Make effsr.
C3Sa? BUSINESS PSOPSRTT.
ii-.-nn: anaoal income C«4O: tr*
«CxlC>> feet; wit>iia ca* block or Broad-
way sit*at* ta a «uatab> toeatlca fcr
waoIt»U: ecrreapcraiiaar prtrcertun. Nrtns
h«i; a: «znj per fa«jt witaon: imanvi?-
meats- Tt:f» toitinn warrants a gr»a:
fattxre and. th* pr-sent income is all tha'
could be d*strt«s,
. TAYLOR BROS, t CO.. t-";^ Braai-way.
NsTvT flat* ti*: tar
¦ Nearly 20 per t*at incrme.
Fixarw it out for yocrself— .
Frui price $3ZH}
yScnz^Sfi 90B9
Cash' taT»3tment -.......:. .$o»^
Yr-irty —
Intfrist ch nscrttay? ft«o
Insuranre en 5CTfO \^
•Nt taxes Co cay. aj 12a taort-
jsisr* carrf»a it a!I.> •
Total $3*4 nrt4.
laccce ($1&S per macti waca ail "r=ata<!> $12ro
.V;t jrnr'v isna* %f.Tf,
Or aearly S» >:? e»at ea tae »^"^rr! of <ajU
rc<T^r<>it (jnC4:«,">
The fcuilila^ !s rw» irsd witiia oaa bl<»:i
«f local traia. Call an*I w» snail show tt to
Ten. CIOSnE TV. AUSTIN
?'^2 "r.OADTAT. OAKLAND.
THL? rarr ct Cat* cays
tt ce? c<nt whja alt reatexl —
Ftjll rrir« ..- $r^r<»
Mcrtsasa tSO
Caaa r?<xuirc4 $12n«»
Leek at eis s&rall lavestmaat • : :
Y«arfy sta:enient —
It*nt» S3P>
Interest ea $173} ..;... . I«O
Water irt
InsuTancj A
Balance tett, Str». or sbo«t ft per cent
ea ta* rrasri taves t«d-
Cue c->s f.isit beer* vacatel by a t«;ii_-.t
¦who- p^id $U» p»r mcath, I; win rens far tiii
lana price a^ain. cr jcu caa uceip7 It /iur»
jeir aati let the 'ltier rav fw the proc*rty.
Wh«-» "ais you place J .!.'¦¦ co better a*vaat-
.-- ' Call aad s««e ML
•JOtEGS ¦»". ACSTTX.
" ISC2 C3OADO"iT. OAKL.\Nr».
B?*H- E>T\T<2, LOAN3 .4XD t>Sf."R.vxCiL
;ys TTCt-EGIUPH A VS.. OAKLAND.
TELEyHUNw BLACK •;*<!.
*2SM— Lot. '.-"r : .- ¦ In :¦ ' :-— Gat*. - ¦ *r - 1 ¦
$273 — Lrt. U'>xl*S. ia Coidro Cate. hsl sckouC
$CCe— Let. SCxlftJs, aear Tsiesraph ave. aatt
K*y rjot».
$1^:0— Let. tSSilSO. al<r:!7 bxxzm jtrar Kjy
rrmts. • - ' ' .
?IZ^>— l-roffai Tottage. bath. 4-foct baseasent-
lot 23xl0ii; near Kfy tout*. Tiissnaa *ad
Grav» depot.
? 17CP — * Tor.ras: garisn. fruit aa<J v*5^tabt-»;
make* .!<rmfirtabla &c=<; CTareascnt a«c. - «-
new iiev rmite.
stead on crraer. eeatrall» kwraEfd. sy»<r!oti»
XTvunda: bl^My iisprcveii; fcbsly equ:pp*<2
«:.»:-.-¦• aere yen batv« aa • :¦> i'. :- --:* .--•••
he^rt cf tJs» elty, j«t tn the mUjt of thnas
qsiat an4 r*ffa«<l **irTcuadinsp» so .iwiraaU?.
t"WUI sell ear?«t3.) Preailsesi aitowai by a;-
HARRY L- HOLCOXat
FOR sal#— Bea^tlftil Bone; * :arj» r^-ra
hoaxf: hafa: laundry: Stae -.?-::.: Sail:
U»x« I«t: -..r-.: chickra janis; jlentr trait.
r!ew«rs: teaatlful Utj: : -ru:_i. la^'iir* 477
TWrry-fcnrti at.. Cairasi
fj.3j<'! MAEKJAIN: 3-ro«nn cottase; tot .T7:1x:
Mi: eorrrer: 1 rnirotea." we^x from Ease Oai-
: ir. i I*-: ¦¦¦¦ »Tr-»t rm m-3 by t^w dc«rt
eirwr leavtax .-ta:- arir» wui *arrta>» for a
catrS sal*. Jtrr>-H5X-£S A BAHTCX. a**
Brar^ay: ft- Vj:ti t»7.
OVKLAVD k»tfn*; i«->t w"xt25 ft.: hoasa. nara;
t£za- ursi, F. GROSoCUJ*. 1»* Markst st,T
S- f'.
For CLxsslAnS Adrextisev
cents Sec P3je Forxy-Fcix^
11 ur< — "ff*ff*1ftW&i iiJJ*iTtTiiir*f3Mirr 1 iinBrnmTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*,- SUNDAY, JULY. 31, 1904
44
.^jBtTSINXiSS air* BCBg- -Contlntied.
A— CAMERON & CO • Phone South 1050.
S Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5- room ark. moored
one. hour's ride from city: nne ' chance • for
summer outing; also for winter ehootlng and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making: own gas- toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 1-
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. W ;:: "> - ¦
FOR eale or trade^ — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTXD— To exchange Income property ln
Alameda for stock of merchandise ln_S. F.;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale— Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125 with cottage. East
Oakland; high basement,' cement sidewalks;
everything first class; on direct car line; for
rooming-house S F • value $2000. CAM-
¦ ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO
FOR sale — $500 worth of stock ln local manu-
facturing company; paid 10 per cent dividend
last year; will pay 17 per cent In October; no
trlflers. Call Monday, 9 te 12 m., room 612,
Call building.
$500 SECURES Interest ln established manu-
facturing business; party wanted to oversee
help, attend shipments, etc.; nothing difficult
to lnarn: can draw $100 month from business.
247 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS hardware store, well established
and located, for sale on account of sickness;
S only $8230; take half city real estate. Box
3805. Call office.
A LAUNDRY agency ln San Francisco for
eale; no competition In several blocks of it;
present owner has run the place Tor 14
years; rent very low. Addreus box 1967, Call.
WANTED— Partner ln established ladies' fur-
nishing business; $10,000 cash required to
manufacture and to enlarge; long lease;
.easonabie rent; liarket st. Box 3485, Call.
A SNAP — Modern candy and les cream parlor
with 3 eunny, newly furnished living rooms;
owners »roin_- away: call early. 1533 De-
vlsadero. 1 block from Girls' High School.
$4000— Xi INTEREST in draylng and transfer
business of 25 years' standing; monthly re-
ceipts $1600. Investigate and ses Popular
Business Ei.. 1031 Market St.. room 2.
A RELIABLE man wanted as partner with
$200 cash; will pay $80 per month to each;
permanent place; a icood chance for an actlv»
man. Apply fe7 Third tt., room 14.
WILL furnlfch good all-arcund business man
as manager or assistant, and depoelt $3000
to $5000 cash security. SELECT EMPLOY-
MENT BUREAU, room 2. 1031 Market st.
$2000 — HALF interest in new enterprise; posi-
tively best money-making, legitimate busi-
ness in city; must have good business xnana-
«r. Box 3007. Call office.
FOR »alc— A J2SC0 confectionery and lc««
tream parlor; everything new; the finest fur-
rjshed rlac* north of 9. F. Write to the
Palace Candy Store. L. P. 13. Red Bluff, Cal.
I HAVE 5 lota In Stockton, suitable for
chicken ranch; Would '^change tat restau-
rant or aaloon. Box 3305, Call offlc*.
WANTED— Party who wishes to open a *ho»
btJ«lne«s; location, central corner Oakland.
Address box VUG, Call ofAce. Oakland.
OWt, , aaloon and dance hall; fine location:
xuaraniee sooi business; must be »oM; price
reasonable. Inquire C. <ie Julio, 1VZG Dupont s
BAKERY aiid home cookies, ttie best store In
the city, *or sale; $25 per day trade guaran-
teed; rooms and yard, -474 -lission *t.
iiAHGAlN— Must Ml! third Interest b*st pay-
Ins grocery in city; investigate; SltO month
profit guaranteed; price ".JDOO. Box -091, Call.
BEST newspaptr snap In V. S. for $300; net.
' t«l $3000 ln Ia6t year; new outfit: new build.
Ins. The Hall, Myrtle Creek. Or.
1 ' — — — . —
AVANTED^ — Lodging- house of 13 to 05 rootr.s;
centrally loeatet!; cash if reasonable: prin-
cipals only need reply. Box 33S7, Call.-
A BARGAIN— Old-cstahHshed carriage trim-
ming, harness and carriage business; account
slckness. Box 1250, Call office, Onkl.inu.
SALOON— Paying $300 to $100 month; price
$2500; must sell at once; no agents. Box
12S2, Call office, Oakland.
WELL established truck and express busices.<i
for sal*. For particulars address 170 Au-
tumn si., San Jose, Cal.
: A — $150; partner wantcC In light buelr.eas; rar-
tlculars at 231 Post at, room 6. -
i OLD established up-to-date cUar store; cheap:
nice location; least: low rent; must be sol'i.
Box 3270. Call of See. Oakland.
TOR talc — First-class -business "In San Jos»«;
owr.tr going East. Box "320. Call office.
FOi: sale— The Pad rhoto studio, 3206 Market
tL; must ko immediately because Of Mcknsys.
A NICE corr.er candy nnd notion store, near
school; r.lce livincr rooms. COL Tc;uh st.
FOR sale — Downtown Jicwrfijper rcute. In-
nulre at 017 Allnna H.
FOIt sale— CO, OCO shnrej. Pacific Jupiter Sue!
Stock at 5c per shar«\ Box 3474, Call office.
CIGAR-STAND for sale on Mission st; good
locality. Box 1001, , Call office.
GROCERY and liquor store for rale- on a itood
corner in Mission. Addresa box 2-60, Call.
WANTED — To buy a cigar-stand: slv* location
and price asked. Box 2222, Call ofSce.
GOOD raylnr restaurant for nale, with liquor
license. Acidiasa box 1923, Call office.
WANTED— A rcetauraht ln city. Address.
with price,, etc., box "2SS, Call offlce.
$500 — -CANDY store ..with factory. 2 rooms.
rent »2ft; wuat sell. 1427 Market at.
A STATIONERY and baxaar; -will rwJnc*
e-tock to jfu.lt purchaser. 1915 r*ul!more *t.
Ton »ale— Comer saloon, with lease; best ba»L
ness «trf t south ©f Market. Inquire 15» 4th.
A BRANCH office- of Tfce Call fot» the reception
, of advertisement* and subscription* hat t>*ea
opentd at ioo» Market gt., epposlte Fifth.
Open tantl! 11 p. ai. ; o
' &OO6g»Q-"KOpg|Bg gOBI SAEC._J
MARION GRIFity.;
4OB Rearst felifir.. 0%** Esamtftef «ntra.nee.
Co*. Third atid M«rt»' st«. T*t. Black J»07 t
Itoofniajr-liousea add hot/l» U.g »aje,
« ROOMS; «»n«r*T^y locale*; nol«I; *»diic#iJ
frotri $5000 t» $3500; *»nt only JJSO pef
*nonth; this 1« absotulely the beet bargain In
» riotrf tn 8. r. MARIOX nlwnx. ™
68- HOOM8; «ia«ninceft«y furnT9h*4 throueh-
«ul 3 motiths; cr»m»r hftus*. i»lth «ll con-
r»nletic-» known to Tnoderti archit«cture; lon«
lense; $»CM» casn In «Il \hc mon*y t*(iul««d-
»n»p. S^ MAKIQM <iR.PP!K.
SJ ttOOMS: ton* le»*»; low rental; newly fur-
nlsh«di *«iir* away at fT40fti Only with
' MARIO?? GRIFFIN.
93500 BUVS «& room*, with new furniture tnd
filled with steady roo*n»rs; clearing ove» »il
*xpen»«s fS50 per tnonth: ufieiju-iUd 1 as an
Investment In any tine of t>tfsln««s. ««t p»f-
ticulars from JfARION GRtFKIJf,
noom C06 12»amlfter *ld*., Sau Pranclsco.
J2X,*»0 BUYS on# of Saft r>anclsco'» finest
Jictefs, 'with bar; lon« l»«se I at *«ry law
rental: all tnod»rn convealencea; centrally
Iocat»iS; tne«tilftc«ntty and «ubrtafttl»lly fur-
nished; If you «r* Jookln* <o* ft bu«ln«s»
-rfc*r» you c«r» clear $t«0O per month he*«
is your optortunlty »fld you «e«d only *
tmaU -mount pi gash. MARION GRIFFIN.
iUOO FOB ft t-autlfully furnished H-foom
»unnr gowitr ho«g». MARION GRIFFIS. .
34 ROOMS; Sutler St.; corner house; »lways
full ol »le»dy Momers; clearing - 8175 per
month. This is tvorthy your investigation
MARtOM GRtyFIX.-
32 ROOMS; located In heart of San Franci«co'«
twst transient district; * J t>eau«tul eornep
house, well furnished and Scrupulously clean;
on account- of sickness of o*ne* wilt ««11 e?
n. rldlculou.Iy low price end loan half <h«
' money. {Particulars n« SfARION GRIFFIN'S,
403 Examlnar 'jiuildlns-
'ZO lHtandins purchasers oi a hoCel, apartment-
houss or lodging-house :» Sspj Francisco we
wish to slate thr.i lii'.vill b« 'Wyout lntcres?--
i1naia.clally v , io ob.tU.i reliable Information
and iacis eonc»rnlws same from tJ&ARION'
GRi?TISJ, room (SOC Examiner l>uiidlng, «San
Francisco, o^al.
LODGING-HOUSE t« Oaklani! clearing . flOO
per month to exchange for real Estate in
, Oakland or Berkeley or wlli sell. •
V. F. PORTER. 460 8th St., Oakland. '
QAXLAIvD ADVEBT ? S ? M ; TS
OAKLAJVD REAL ESTATE.
$3750 — MODEHN 9-room reeidence; 3 blocks
from Broadway and drhth st-j rood for
rub-renting: rooms, etc. THE ALSEN' CO..
12S3 Broadwty.
RIGHTLY lot fer sale at a bargain. G. W.
Austin. l«02 Broadway. Oakland. ,
BERKDLET-OAKLAND property, rural homes
cr ranches. Addr'«s S75 S7th st-. Oakland.
QAgLAST) HOtTHES TO LIIT.
FOR RENT IN OAKLAXD.
Tl:re» handsome, fine, large, extra s_nny
f.ats of live roosii> each: separate entrancee;
porches, yards and basements ; Lakeside dis-
trict- north «iae of 22d et-. ea*t of Webster:
¦without a. qu**tion the very best flat* for the
money in Oekland; two upper and one lower
left; se« them; upper $27 M>: lower $25; owner
takes care of the lawns, both front and rear.
ALSO
Good, new, raodern flat of five rooma at 704
.6th st.. east of San Pablo a**., will be rented
for $-2 60 raonth.
ALSO
New modern fiat of five rooms, «tc, mX 66SB
25th «.. close to^Grove, will be rented for $20.
SEE ME IF TOU WANT TO BUY OB HI-NT.
JAS. F. NAISMITH.
CS4 THIRTEENTH ST.
$00— ELEVEN rooKe, Adeline, near 18th.
$15— Flat on Seventh, near Union.
1 15— Upper flat on Myrtle at,
525— Cozy cottage. 14th and Market.
J2»— Pretty Sat. Filbert, near 16th.
Call fcr our new, bit catalogue of vacant
houses for rent; ready Monday.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway.
FURNISHED, fcr rent— Lakeside district; one
of the choice homes of Oakland; 14 rooms;
elegantly appointed; 1-eautlful grounds; will
lease for one year at (150 per month, includ-
ing services ef gardener: water to b« paid
by tenant; th!» is an- unusual opportunity;
t*»t reference* required.
Apply to the E. P. VANDEBCOOK CO.,
1H16 Broadway. Oakland.
fl6 — I/TWER flat c! R rooms and bath; all
moo>rn; close ln; I have others. GEO.
VOSE. Real Estate, 972 Broadway Oakland.
$25 — TWO larre. furnished rooma, including
pitno and running water; fitted for light
housekeeping; centrally located. For further
particulars address ELROD & HULL. 1310
Frultvale ave.. FruitvaJe. Cal.
BERKIN*S Van and Storage Co.. furniture
movers: free map. 103 0 Broadway, Oakland.
OA-CLA-TI) rxrBMTTTJKE fOB, SAI.E^
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ln furni-
ture. H. Scnellhaa-.llth st-.cor.store.Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
MTX.Ii VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE site fcr a home? We have it. It
must be ln one of the suburbs? We can
put you ca the nioet attractive property ln
beautiful Mill Valley. Can't stand a high
price? Take your choice of lots from $400
to SSOO. How about the terms of eale?
Easy: 10 per cent cash and S10 monthly.
That's easier than savins It. What special
advantages in Mill Valley? Many. Her*
are a Jew: Soft, equable climate, free from
fogs. Lovely, weli-wooded sites. Incom-
parable panoramic view of the bay, moun-
tains and clustfring suburbs. Pure moun-
tain water, a tonic in itself; 45-minute con-
nection with San Francisco by electric car
«nd _wift ferry. Perfect sewage system.
Fine eehoole. Good neighbors. Restful quiet
«.fter the city's distractions. Tou'^ loci at
them to-day? We'll see you en the Sausa*
lit* boat this morning or at the Mill Valley
etatioa. Just at the right of which th* lot*
lie. If you come later. We are ther* all day
Sunday. Who is handling the .$*opertv ?
LYON & HOAG, 116 MontgomerSr *».
San Francisco Advertisnfls
1 , ¦
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van 5«ess ave.
end Sacramento et. — Rev. WJlliasn £irk
Guthrie, raptor. Services at II a. Bk, aud
7:15 p. m. Rev. D. A. g£obl«y, D. D.. Will
preach at both services. £abba?fc**clacol at
a. m. Christian Endeavor a.t C:3C j. m.
Wednesiay, 6 P- m., mlgaeek service. All
are cordially inv:tfc<T.
CALVARY Prtsb> "eslan Ciurch, cor jacksoo
and Fillmorc sts. — IJ^ev. Jobn H-'mphill. D. ;
D.. pastor. Mornrag service «J u o clock. !
Evening- service at }:45 o*clc:k. Evening
topic. "The Richt« of Our Inhtrl^ncc." The
P&«or will preach at boih services. Sab-
bath echcol a* J>-:3@ a. m. Ciristian En-
deavor meeting at 6:Sw p a. "?-ayer meet-
ing Wednesday *v<*ing at £ Vcloc*. All
are cordially invite^.
WESTMINSTER Prabycsrian corntr
Webster and Pare ttr. — Rev. Herbert E.
Hays, pafior. Morning servi"3 at il o'clock;
eencon by Herbei« K. iiaye; J-erae, "Scrrow
for Sir.." .Evening service it ?:45; sermon
by Herbert E. ilaya; iheme "The Tirus
Foundation," Sunday schoo' at 3:45 s>. xn.
Y. P. S. ifhttstian LTndei co:; fj:i5. Prayer
•netting Jivcry V.>dne£itay evening. Pastor'a
residence, 5CJ W«tirr «t.
TRINJTT Pw:sfcy;eriaft "Ciii'.th, cor. Twenty-
third and Capp ets.-^Rjfv. r^Soard K. Strong,
pastor. • pif>me,wor*hlj» a ;. .t. m. and 7:*S
IV m. Moraine eubiect. 'Vhai Are You
Heading?" Evening subjic; --Jesus With
the Pocr. Bible school a- .-loon, tlnfieavor
i'X'iety Ht €!:li •,. m. Stfa^gers welcacve io
all services. •
FIRST CONGREGATION.* - lAURCIi, corner
Pen una Mascn s:s.— Jltv. George C. Acair.s.
D.D.. jidstor, will jtreatifa at i>oth services.
At 11 a. ra., topic, "A To.«ib .n a Far CuWi-
try." At 7:45 p. m.." topic. 'Strive io Eai*r
ln.'^_ All are cordially in/Htci
— — ~'*^y _— *l *" — ~ ¦ ' ' ' '
"~7IR1j Congregational Chuvcn. IPth et., near
-Ilt-sion — Rev. William Ri.de- k pastor, l>r.
Viutner, of Fulem. Ore.. *.li preach at 11 ,
-". i». an5 7:1." p. m. Sunday school at 12:30 •
surs-i-teSJnd 'Tit. Sir. Avnold. Christlac En- :
«5-a|-o» tiM^tiE 1 ' at 6:45. Wednesday evening i
I'.T. AXutner will l?ad. A cordii. invltction
is cj»ien;'ed to ail to come and wc.xnip uith
. u8 -
"N*T>»;I... "hunch (Second). .Mrne- *»wentl-
ni*\ and C±.,p sts. <Take Mission or v.'en-
-1* s«. ar." The R-v. Jay Willian hudsop.
min<*ter; .sldence. 5f>0.Capp art. The Sua-
•>ay #ciool n *-ts at 11:45 o'clock. W. C. Max
--eil, tup. lntendent. At the morning BW>
. ire. mi. 1. o'<-lock. the Rev. William
IluMon u-ill preach; subject, 'Slahmood. the
imaf.' L.re Vex a I>>jrend of the Orient."
-•Jjsic hy crchostra and choir, under the dl-
-vcoUon o. Jabi*h Clement. All coruiaJIv ln-
' ite£. £0 evening/- -^rvice.
i?3-v»T'8jia! .' . E. Church. Mission «t., bet
f?:_1!h fnf. Sr»> -nth. At the morning -ervire
:o-day Ft«.v. E. Ji. -Willis will preach. In
-'»\» ?•v»njn?:. at 7:H0. the choir will render"
pfpT&t'w- earr-ed contata. "Rf-bekah." This
ii.ter'*»ing Bible story has teen set to music
«LSu- r rt.i-jp-ieej a @-and collection of recita-
uve# ep.cf. »u«:« and rhoruses. The char-
aetr.rs *fprc«rn!rd are Itebekah. Elizer «nd
It^uc. Sunday *;bool at 12:45; Young Peo-
.?* -j-€tl!_» at C.1V <:hurch la within,
• c*>- *iw! of all downtown hotels. Seats
free. ~trins*r^"alT.«ys welcome.
• I'PC^N Mtmcria! Methodist Episcopal
h- ,-0:... corner Hayrs and Buchanan sts.
'. he pr'.-1'ar. Rev. John Stephens, will preach
at V a. m. en "The Kingdom Within." The
ser..ion a.t "45 r. m. will be the flrnt In a
f :r on 'The Great Choices of Lire." Suns,
r.y-fichocl at 12:3o p. ta.. c. B. Perkins
* ; rinted«rit. Epworth league at 6:45
p. m. .' hearty welcome to all the services
Vt the church.
JKAC. y thurvh. California *t.. corner of Stock-
ton Rev. David J. Evans, rector — Ol-bration
<>t .joly communion. 8 a. m. Morning wv.
ice. II o clock. Te dfum 'Evans), Jn D- Jubi.-
«te (Tlioma*). In C: offertory. "God Hath
Commanded' «Men.J*!«K>hri). Full cathedral
service. 1 :*5 p. m. Pervlce In D (Martin) The
*«rmons st both 6*rvicM will be by the" rec-
tor. Organist and choirmaster, William H
Ho!t.
TRINITY Ctarch. Bush and Gough sts.— Rev
Frederick Clampett. D. D.. rector. Holy
<-ommunicn , :Z0 ».. m.; Sunday-school 8-30
a. m. : mominr senlc* II o'clock; evening
prayer 4 o clock; the rector will preach at
FIRST Hontlft Church. .'CO Eddy st.— Rev
W. B. Hlnson of ban Diego preaches at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible School at 12-30
r>. m. Cfcri*tian Endeavor at «:30 p m.
Pra:*r mretlng Wednrsday at 7:45 p m
All welcome; «eats free. '
riRST Church of Cbriet, Scientl.t, Central
Llotk. 223 Sutter it., bet. Ktusy and Grant
eve. — Christian Bclecce service at 11 a. m.-
subject of lesson-sermon. "Spirit." Sunday
f-hool for children at the cane hour-
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock-
free reAdirr-roonj. 206 Kearny «t., rooms
609-510; all are welcome.
VR. W. A. KLING ot Oakland speaks to men
this afternoon (Sunday) Kt 3 o'clock ln the
auditorium of the Young Men's Christian As-
eociiition. Mason and Ellis streets. Theme..
•Th«s Door of Opportunity." All men are
cordially Invited to attend. y-
aaxrTnros— tkeosophicax.
THEOSOPHICAL Society. Academy of Sci-
ences M«Jc. : public lecture. 8 p. m.. by Bur-
ton Hall; subject, "What Is the World'a
Greateiit Need?"
' arEETHTQS— STTITDAT.
MMB. TOUNG' S test circle and lecture to-
night. 10c; 619 McAllister at; all private
readings at 1720 Sacrament© at, near Van
Kees ave. ; corns, skeptics.
A— TESTS: front hall. ©09 Market: 2-8. Wil-
¦on, otbers; 8. Dr. Cowan Hargrave; 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; elt. 10 to 5. 143 Sixth st.
AEBIE E. HARLAND. readings dally: circles
evenings. 10c 148 Sixth et.; home clr. Wed.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st-. Gait House.
Mrs. Bt odd anl's eeances, select, 25c; full clr.
read.; testa Sun. Tues.: sit. dally. 278 8th.
PERKINS — Spiritual lecture and tests Sunday
evening; reads dally. 1220 Mission et.
rARLE'S grand seance to-night. 1052 EUU
St.; readings dally.
STODAY ISCTUBES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'B free lecture this
e\-enins. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 009
Market et. Subject. "The Vacation," fol-
lowed by views of a visit to Rome and the
Vatican. Free tickets will be distributed
for X-ray exhibition and electrical demon-
stration at S&nitarium Tuesday evening. Re-
member the question box. Special music
¦'ELECTROLIBRATTON and Deep Breathing,
the Secret of Mental and Physical Vigor,"
lecture. Illustrated by deep breathing exer-
cises, by Mrs. Van Anken, Van Anken Oxy-
gen Institute, 815 Van Ne«3 ave.. near Ellis
st-. Monday evening 10c.
O. N. ORLOW lectures this (Sunday) evenlnjr.
In Golden Gate Hall (upper). 629 Sutter et..
At 8 o'clock pharp. presenting the subject,
"Interesting Oriental* Marriage Ceremonies."
Instrumental and vocal solos. Admission free.
GEO. H. GOEBEL of New Jersey, national lec-
turer and organizer of the Socialist party,
ppeaks to-night in the Carmens' Hall. 310
O'Karrell et. ; "A New Declaration of In-
dependence"; free.
HARJIY GAZE, the noted author, will lecture
to-night at Golden Gate Main Hall at 8
o'clock; subject, VHow to Live Forever;" ad-
mission free; all Invited.
PROFESSOR J. M. BAIN lectures to-night at 8
o'clock on "The Wonders of Radium and Its
Power ln Curing Disease." 1C23 Market St.,
near Sixth.
DR. BETIERO. Master of Occult Science. Ieo-
tures ln West Parlor. Golden Gate Hall, on
"Egyptian Mysteries"; free; Sunday, 8 p. va.- ,
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS, special lecture, !
third Thursday in July, Turk-st. Temple; j
"Socialism and Religion"; remember date.
TTTRK-ST. Temple. Thursday. 8 p. m.; Socialist
lecture by W, L«-s».r of Oakland on "The
Citizens' Alliance"; tnusie by choir; free.
MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222 I. O. *i#m#k.
O. F.— Ir.i't'latlcn MOKDiT
EVENING. Aug-ust i. Vis!tin K '<&*£&%&&
brothers cordially Invited. J 5mfl9B^
W. H. UITCHEI L. N. G. .
J. GRAY JR.. Secy.
MODERN Woodmen of Amertca,Gcod- 'f'Vfty
fellowship Camp 0633. SI. W. of I "*
meets tvery MONDAY KKJHT *. |?X_
Fraternity Hall. 909 itlark*t su Sar J?9\i
Francisco. W. II. EDff;.RDS,".C.
W. J. ELLfOTT, Clerk; ofict; room 62?
Emtna Spreckels brildinr.
'StEBEI. Cofk r 3.ne\-olc j. Society will h>*>
hold its annud picnic a t Shell Mound \_\Wf
Park. Berkel>y. SUNDAY. August T,
l&Ol. "i'aluablj -;a.j tnd tame prls?« £C^A*
will be distributed, i'ublic are cor- '3~^_£
dially in.i.ed. J. SULLIVAN, S*c
9 ' — ¦!
SIR W?Jter Stoic's anniversary — » *<3}»
Grand cel:bra;lon ln honor of the C_9C2§
!i'!<« anniversaiT of th* birth of _J'*SFf»
glP, SCOTT, under the
auspice, of Clan Fraser No. 78. Vdr
C, S. C. Eintracht Hall. "Twelfth ** J|
si., .iear Folsom (largest hall In the city).
c ifONDAT EVENING. August 15. Con-
ner, will consist of hicn-class vocal aum-
oers under the leadership of Prof«-»sor Uur-
iesi and will also Include many novel fea-
ture*. «uch as the combat of J-Ita James end
.loderick Dhu and that dramatic scene
the capture or Itob Roy. and several ether
.tableaux dear to Scottish hearts; a «T«nd
gathering of the clans and chora! sl.r.j'.ni;
by 200c!ansmca in ccetutae; grand Highland
reel in co«tunjc fcy the be*t . dancers on th©
PaciSc Coast; entertainment at &. danclns at
10. Admission, adult-. 6Oc.; children, 25c.
_ A3JUSg-:ES"t COMMITTCE.
ON SUNDAY. July Z\, at 3 p. »., the
"Christian Mother*" will m**t in St. Vin-
cent'- Hall, C7I Mission »t. The aaothers of
the pupil- att»ft<;iTi« St. Vincent's and St,
Patrick's scliools are f?»»c:»ilj- inviie-d io be
present.
ANNUAL m«ut#- The RUdofl Iron and Loeo-
tnotlve aVcrks — Th* annual meeting of the
t tcekhciders ef tb» Xtlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, tor th* election ef trustees ior
tte *fi»uinf year and th» tranmactlon of sach
rtfaer Bueloes* c« may t-e brought before the
jMttlntf. T»lll he fc*ld at the office of ihe
ccffitaaj*. No. 29S SUuart street, San JTraii-
cisco, en UOUVXt, tha 1st day or Aurust.
1904. at 11 a. sn.
AVQVarVS TAYLOR. Secret* ry.
THS CaTifornla Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
p»»e»e» from W, J. liftty. Theodore' Ru pi »y
ar.<J Brue* Qrafcatn in Sugar P:ne mine, near
Pino Grand*. El Dorado County. Cal., drain-
ing Jr.to Silver Creek, which teaches Ameri-
can Jitver. «ivt« notic* that meeting will t»
h»Id »t roes* B«. Flotd buIMlnp. San Fraa-
cIbcq, C»l.. August *. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.
A BBANClt e*ftc» er The Call for the recesUoa
cl advertisement* arid subscriptions bas t>ea
•pe&ed *• Joo? Market st. oyposlt* Firta
_¦¦¦¦.*¦¦ Jl ; dtt ' rgs . yfjggjg-
ACKNTS w*Bte4 to ssii otj t nign^rldTn^
«»fV atotfc; Utseral tx>Tagtil»tlott; cash advancei
e* e%&»r»* oatRt free; exp*rlenc« and capital
Bet fttc**sarjr if you liave push and energy :
« few e&ulce fields still «>p«n; writ* before
aaylt«i#d. Chlco Hunety Co., Cblca, C«l.
AGENTS— An *«eacv for a j>roposltl«n that To
( * dee!4»a lmproveme'nt 0 {t fcuJWinj and loaa
i« wortft having. Orcat "W>tten), lnjprove-
raent Coriipany. l*arrott pulldjnjr.
HUSTLIKG salesmen in eterr town for Ba-
ker's Universal *UsKi 920 in t>r>a day has fceen
made; sample 60c. Baker JEnaraeled Letter
co., 21 Sptar «t.. 8an Francisco,
AGENTS -*-antea.- slot *nichin»» »r« d*«i! ««•«..
we have th» only substUut*: vartlffulars fcr
rtamp. 'Geneva toy « a a Game Comreny.
Geneva, n. x. ¦ - ¦ . -
SOLICITORS— New propositfoftf travel or local-
weekly advances. Williamson, T. 1. Tltoi tsld!
P i, Rf l ;lllES ' t0 »et article*, fiavorin* powfleM,
Pacific Vgenu' Supply Co., 1220 Treat a\V.
A SPLENDID opportunity; som#thln# entirely
new. 409 Grant building. 7th and Market.
ASTBOaOOY.
CONEUI" /»:or famous N. Y. astrolocer-
man oi ability. 99? Market et.; booklet free.'
" m AXTTOMOBIIiES. ?H ,.
OLJ> runabotii.: only used S monthe* perfect
condition: aJ-o white Stanhope; perf>ci ccn-
dltion. 355 T*ath at.. Oakland.
OLDSMOBiLS for ffood condition. Do*
W72, Cal* -Bf flee. '¦ . ¦-
a ' — ¦ — — . — — _ __ ___ _____^— — -___________^
RAMBLER 5-anabou t Tor *al#; price S400. Bo*
__ 2276. Call of.lce.
A a? EE14 ' 8 ftews io * " 6wM»~T_e Weekly Call
86 pages, la wrapper, ft>r mailing, gi p-r y'Jtr
\t: ,0«. S3e 6Oe 130? Market, St. KlcnoL-l.
BOASPlKG rOB CHrCDBEW.
SELECT tome for children ?rom WKh to 1©
years; $10 to t30; medical care £f ngededi ii»-
fanu adoptjyi; Urge grounds. ?5O4 Howard rt.
.l COUPLE would take t. irhiUi io i"5>oar<2- raa.
sonable. Addrege B.. 3941 Mission *t.'
LIT TI.U girj |o f>owd; gocxt fti'e*ence5i g£16
GOCr Bora* for a little «lrt tn iSertMl&y. Ja.*
qulrc tti -Golden Gate ave., San Francisco.
V/ANTED by a umall family. «. ehldl tJ<Ti>oa«S~
refe-*nca. 51721 Natora«» at. i*t«>»«j..
CHIi.E wanted to boarft in country. iieas^St.
Helena. Apply 261S Bush Vt. -
ONE or two chlldrsn lioafdetf; »rottl4 ttxaa
rarents. 542 Tctslo St.
NICE home foi- children; larjre ya»4. |oi»
Btanyan sC '
WANTED — A email chllu to board *n e>rlvat»
family. S61^i Greenwich st.. city.
. BUtPS. POOS, 3BTO.
, YOUN<J parrots, cuaranteed tc talk, $5 «»chv
largest variety dogs, birds, cacea, etc, at low
prices. 1544-46 Market at. *
BOOKS.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought antf ooli.
DALY & CUItRAN, £57 Geary Bt. ; !
ATTQB-TEYS-AT----.W.
H. TV. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bl<Jg\, .
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay ln advance;
mining companies organised :patents obtained;
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; eatab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St., 1»
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers. Bailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCIS — Costa, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law bustntoa; no charge unless suc-
cetsful; <ipea evenings. 927 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs ln advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r.33.
MONEY advanced heirs on estates; estates pro-
bated; consul, free. F.Colbourn. atfy.927 Mkt.
L. E. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
MONEY advanced heirs on estates; estates pro-
bated; consul.free. F. Colbourn.atty.,927 Mkt.
PATENTS and pensions— EONNTAO'S PAT-
ENT & I-gNSION AGCY.. 214 Pine. 6th floor.
BtrSHTESB CH-VITCES.
A — $1600; CORNER saloon; on Polk St.; rent
$35; lease; stock of liquors on hand, $500 or
more; an old established corner; clearing
abova expenses at leant $175 per month.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $600; PARTNER wanted ln manufacturing
buslnt-6 acency; an active, honest man.
wanted; a rare opening ; reference.* ex-
changed. See R. Gx WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $1500; HOTEL and roadhouse, with 18 fur-
nished rooms; rent $70; 5 years' lease; large
barns yard, orchard, etc.; 26 steady board-
ers, horses, buggies, etc.; the bust-paying
country hotel in San Mateo County. See
R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st,
$4000 — SALOON on Turk et.; net rent $150; 0
years' lease; elegantly fitted up place and
_ood payinc business. Call R. a. WILKE,
Kearny st.
A— $1600; WHOLESALE bakery; dally tales
about $50; new wagon, 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; etock at Invoice; only c&sh trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars K. G. WILKE,
2tt% Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with room*; rent $27 60;
establ. years; this is a good place for man
and wife; location the best. Call R. C.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery _nd bar; rent $40;
the choicest location ln the Mission; plac«
established years and flrst-clars paying; full
value ln sight. Se« R. C. V'JLKE. 26%
Kearpy st.
a.— $1750; GROCERY nnd bar; located in the
best manufacturing .own o» San Mateo Co.;
cash .rade; rent $30; -1 furnished rooaxs;
leaso. See R. P. WILKE. S6# Kearny nt-
—-41-, 000; BARROOJU; one of the best Sn this
city; or owner will take % partner for $8000;
this is a .most beautiful and best located
first-claes paying plfcce in this city. Par-
icuL:rs R. G. WILttE. g(5% Kearny ot.
A— $e500; CORNER ealoon. establ. many years,
and known to be on* of the leading and flrst-
clasa paying laser beer taloona of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance:
leas*. It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— *1SOO; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, d»no» hall. 2 stables, etc;
* ¦well-adveitlstid anfl pood- pay ing souse
Call ft. G. WILKE. 56% Kearny >t.
A— feOCC; CORNER aaloon. Mth 4 year* 1
lease; about % Mock from Market and Kills
ets.; place doing a rushing business; value
tn sight: owner must leave for the Bast.
E*e R. G. WILKE. _g^ Kearny at.
A— ?S50; CORNEit -aloon; rent $30; located
I «bout 1 block south ot Market «md Powell
. »t«. ; a good business; owner tticased in
ether business ccutc of sale. 1'a.rUcular*
R. G. WILKE. 36% Kwny et.
A— $2l«0: COKNER ?¦aloca with 4 years* lease
Sa wholesale district; owner bousht raacn
«nd eacrlfices;- E.ioon established yeare; &
f.rst-cla*s peyltt* pUloe* S*a K. a, WILKE,
-6% Kearcy >t. ' ¦
A— $1000; itAKV. ctmncp. rare chance, rare
cwince; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
t«iptK $_!••; rent $50; eood business; value
Jn sight: patronized by best cias« o. people.
fcee It. O. WILKE. 2U% Kearny st.
A-^SOt): CORNER aaloon. in -wnolwaie district;
rent $50; pla.ee doing? a fine business; sur-
roup«ed by vholrtale bouses; no night or
Sunday mork. R. G. WILKE. -6% Kearny.
A— $28CW; LEADINO hotel In t^e t*st business
?own W ra\UB itom city; -10 rooms; bar and
j o*inirig-roonj: lone lease; no better chance for
total business In the interior. Call R. G.
[ WILKK, 2fi% Kearny it. C '
A— $-230; PARTNER wanted in one cfSlhe
frfst payinc corner saloons In this cHy;
dilly receipts about $4.0; place clear* ntt
(sbove *300 »er month; location first-class.
Fee J!. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis «nd
Stockton (U.: rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at-
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dinlnR-roosi,
kitehea and 38 rooms; piano, etc; finest loca-
Uon across the bay. Ste R. G. WILKE, 2SU
Kearny st.-
A— S35C-0— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lur.ch; on Montromery -t., vicinity oJ
California; olace mu*>t tw eecrificed oa ac-
count o£ 111 health of owner. £te It (i.
\V3LKT:. -6% Kearny ;t.
LOOK. ~^
Fruit stores; all paii? of city.. ..S»6 Hedgeg
Ilesi.iurar.V6; from $000 to SSOOCSee lledseg
Xtoadfaouses; g-oou or.es: cheap. ..See Hedges
'¦ Bckcrles; "JO to select from; ovens.See Hedges
OlBar sunds: from $100 to ?3000.See IIedB«3
Saloons; for genuine bargains. ..SesHed&flK
'.Jroctrifes; prSces ri?ht; fftt list.. See Hedges
Drr^svoro; oW. cetab.- Al corners.Sec Hedges
Coal, xool yards; teajnlnp bus..See Hedses
Staxionerj' stores -. 30 select f.-om..&>e lledges
School fcunp;.v ; vmieij^nr. schools. See Hedges
XJraach baKeries. etc. .-get. new llst.Sce Hedges
Candy stores: opp. large schools. .See Ilcd«»
TJtilry prod, stores: all T>pit3 S. K.Se» Hedgts
Country stores; test Iowa Cal: .;See Hedgta
HEDGES, SCS-0OO Patrott bid.. S25 Market.
IF you want to sell and sell quick, call on
THCRQ & ARMaTRONG, SIS Kf»rny eu
IP yon want to buy and be treated right, till
en BER« & AliMSTKONg, 3J8 Keamy ftt.
IF you axe teoklns for «. »a!oon. notel, delica-
tessen, n^tauranl or place of fcusinees of
»ny Mnd. calt oa BEIlG & AIUiSTIlONG
318 Kearny «. -
83©O— PART.V&ft, in llcht busin*Es;-chance for
rlgtit ma«i must be sober and reliable.
» ARMSTRONG, 318 Keafny at.
KESTAVRANT— Wilt aeff naif or Whole; will
take man or woman as i>»rtner; fcarsaln.
VERG * ARMSTno»;q, 318 Kearty^t.
>20O AKI> servteee »*cur-* ft % Interest la ¦w*ll-
payinsr nttiot arid conunlcsion business clear-
in^r fSO» to $300 monthly; t»o •experleftoa re-
tiuired, but party must be aober *nd r»Habl»
Knd rurnlsh goc»1 references, as tame »JH be
tendered him. Full particulars wilt ta fur-
nlshed by KftOOKBAXK. «17 Market ot.
A— 1150 BUYS gvayin* tlsa* *Uft« ott buey
«tte*t, north Market; ftiwjy nttwfl; futt
•toct; tood trade; owner «ick; tiuit a#lt to-
ri«y. See ftftOOKBAKX.- 91? Mark** st.
TM you want t» *arn «A «*tr*m«ly ftlgh ntte
of intrf««t *v)tb ab»olut« safety? You c*A
try even with a v»fy smalt amount. A<!dr»o»
t^. A. WEKSEB, 93* Hoatijiiewk Hd«.,
Chica(|(>, til.
A GOOD paylnc tak«ry; nn« family trad*;
long leas*-; rent «nly li,*> p#r Ittonth; «very-
thlna* in first-class cotidltloni » rood vgpot-
tutiity for a practica; baker; only |30» cash
required. HAWKS &. fctEHfirESSy Seventh
*i. and Railroad ave., AT-fli*.;*.
WANTED— B<» PKOPLE to ft«l 9 or»«nt*» «h*
largest r6-operativ* candy manufacturing
l>l»nt in th« country; deal«ra in every towa
can become !nl«rest<tl; $1 _>e* ahate; tnofity
lo t-e refunded on 30 days' notice; no risk;
good salary given to «ood, tnen; fto trlflers
er trickater» need write or **>d*V; tlOOO the-
limit to *n j- one person. Apply to KKLX.ER
CANDY CO.. 477-475 Seventh Ot. s Oa^nd,
Cal.. Branch San Francisc<».
SSOTEi* for Rale; "located tn * town en tn»
S. P. and San!* Fe r*Hroads; fireproof
Smlldtag; 45 rooms; trclt established an it *
eood patronace; teas* If d«slr*d. Address
bas 2202. C*H o«ce.
'A a-oocj active man capable of takins enarg«
of a. 'proposition of some magnitude and com-
manding from 85000 to 9l0,«V> can secure *
3ne oosltlon and » large lnterwivt in a very
undePtaklng. Addf ees S652. Call.
l^ARB onpoitunlty for a ataafly tnd relUbl*
man wit^ itro io three dollass to
Invest ln » sound and established business ;
full lnvesOsntion _-iven. Addreac Oakland
Office San Francisco ©tll 0 boa I2S0.
CAPITAL e/tntefi <io inenaMb a well-ectab^
llehed manufacturing buolnesb inti sotablisf;
another factory in the East;, large protit on
your Investment; look this up. Boy. 8310,
Call 'Office.
• ; ; — — -:—=r. O
FOR «al«— Coffee, tea. and eplce rout« «v©*< SS
years' stanfilng; tselllng on account of r*tln'ng
from business. For particulars inquire al 110
r*~- « ¦ » o . — —^ — "
'.HOME baker:; for sale. 1550 Churcn «tj, '
_ jroTTCArraolTA^—^Congnned.
LESSONS on trombene. cornet and violin-
tnns reaa. MARTIN HOBBS. 424 McAUUtsr.'
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Ha'ght-
individual Instruc. ; all branches; day. « V «J
BUSINESS college scholarship for sale] \n-
qulre at 2151 Grove St., Oakland.
PROK, MAYA, the successful teacher of S?aa-
lsh. has moved from 427 to 41S Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED teacher will instruct pupt:» ; a
all branches. Inc. French. Ger. Bos 2S23, Call
KENT Law School, day and night. Sen! for
particulars, 536 Parrott building.
WESTERN" Business College. 1 107 Mkt.. er.m-
plete course. 6 mo. $30, eve. $4 mo. ; private.
CALIFORNIA Business Ccllege. 023 GoT<>a
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75- page cataJog oa request,
j EMPLOYMENT O77ZCZS.
J A — JAPANESE and Chines- employment ofSce
supplies best help promptly; city or country
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramemo. Tel. James 528l!
A— ORPHEUM Employment OfSce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Matn 6753.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "'NATIONAL." 5C9 Hearst bid.
i CHINESE Employ-merit Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 O'Farrell; tel. East 429.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl, mgr.;tel.Bush 839.
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. €40 Clay.
EMPIiO YT-UJ.N T W-VJTTED — TTSlAXJi.
STRONG, competent American woman, tem-
perate, honest, wants ught sweeping ar.4
washing by the day: fine laundress; cheerful
worker; SI 25 and car fare. 130 Fourth at.
first flight, room 24.
SITUATION wanted as chambermaid ana up-
stairs girl; can furnish references; reasona-
ble wages. Box 3313, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER— Tailor street suits; ladles'
coata made at your home; only first-clas»
work done: cutter and fitter; engagements
per day. MISS EAKSS, Snermatt House,
28 Eighth kt.
WANTED— Refined middle-aged American
lady wishes position to take entire charge
of Infant or one or two grown children;
best of references; $23 to $30. Address C.
1042 Larkin St.
TOUNG woman with a boy 2 years old w»ata
work by the day. washinff or housework; $1
and car fare. MRS. HURTCH. 19% Moa*
St., bet. Sixth. Seventh and Howard sts.
A STEADY, competent woman wishes any kind
of work; chambur-work. nous-work, dlsh-
washlEg, or care of child; willies and re-
liable. A. B., box 20S0. Call office.
A COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work at $1 23 per day; references. 2
Juniper St., off Folsom. near Tenth.
LADY traveling with husband, eoverinr all
principal cltie3 west of Chicago, would Intro-
duce any bo<m3 article for responsible firm.
Box 3320, Call office.
THOROUGH English teacher: competent
needle woman to take charge of home les-
sons for children; work during day. Apply
2S_; Buena Vista st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like situation
to take care of invalid or children: Is kind
and has had experience. Address Nursa, 933
Mission st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagement, con-
finements, invalids: cheerful, palnatakinc;
references: moderate terms. MRS. KING,
T153 Turk st.
TOUNG lady of refinement wishes position aa
governess ln family: willing to travel ; $-50
per month and found. Address box 34CS,
Call office.
_. SITUATiOJf wanted cy a good housekeeper
wish the best of city references. For particu-
lar*, call or write to "32 Ellis sU, between
i'olk and Larkin.
p . , . ——————
CAPABLE S'-r! wants situation to do genera!
'ioij8ework and cooking in a small family;
*ases $-5. Apply at 306 Diamond st.. near
Twentieth.
jOOD (lerman woman cook wishes a place in
vrivale family or restaurant or boarding-
house. PU-ase call £S20 Twenty-fifth 1.0..
oetw-^er iiolore* and Church.
WA24TX39 — A position J>y a first-class seam-
stresr and upstairs rirl: references; ready
for an e.ieagemest Monday; wages $50. Iiox
•?385 J'tI 1 otflce, . »
TOUNG vo.;ia?i would like to wash socks and
handkerchiefs for men, reasonable: mending
aame- called for and delivered Box 2747.
Cail ofie j .. '. .-¦¦ .;"<
STENOGRAPHER and" typewriter desires po-
sition- 3flce work; opportunity to learn
rea^'ntf preferred', references; Hi per
week wages. Box. 2974. Call office. i
SITUATION as bookkeeper wanted; «tt>eri-
enced; good reference j^lven. bo-
CSOt;. Call office. *^
A REFINEI> young lady with a crlW-» eduf»-
tlon desires a position as stenqv rapner. Bu:«:
3SS9, Call office.
TOUNG lady wishes pla ¦¦ la t-jyrr '-o:^' •->
tend soda water fountain. . d. •¦¦ bt;»
3S73. Call office.
TVANTED — Position a» hooi«-t»»*5»f '.* "• ¦ :»
by young lady; Easteru expedear* "k S.
SSSO. Call office. . :-.-.'.
A WOMAN wants t» &» I't^t hou**»Cr\ b
the we_k; sleep tome. ASdresa tc>i $ "
Call office^
TOUNG lady with to yeerV ei?«rt«ne«
cloak and suit hous* wishes posl',t.:»A' a
moilel. Address bog 343*. Call offim.
HOUSECLEANING *y the day: •!«• «oo.*
6eamstress; no washing. Addre«a *cn S3";;,
Call office. - . .
GIRL 16 years oM w!»he« pneitlea t» • '¦•va* »
store: no experl#nce. Aodresa bos XiZ'
Call office. !'.: ¦ V ..,. J ', -
POSITION desired by jroun* Tady Ja tne-^r»_ir*
office* to do general office work; r»Ier»fcCiH
Box 1573. 100« Market st. ;-.;-...
DRESSMAKER. e»p«tence4. wouW Kk« • t» * /
more engagements t>* the day; g-wl cott»-'
and niter; terms reasonable. Bo« 3-aT. v«'l.
GERMAN girl, a good eeamst'os. e
ploymcnt as maid: »ar*e 133. A,- ».^j
Capp st., near Twenty- fo«ta.
YOUNG lady of high eeriooV e4uc«tl»n . '.
like position as secr**ry; best of r».'^ c
Box S34S. Call office.
. ¦¦¦ 11-..
E\PERIEXCEI> your* t*df «tslr*« !| c '. :
as general office assistant; refotflf*'.
3333, Call ofgc*.
WANTED — Situation »y *»o*n*a »h»4 ;• « tl
cook; city cr country i **»£** 130 .. *' . 1 1
Franklin st. ___^ .___,,„
A YOUNG woman «-a *»•••••» tf _i m,
washins and house cle«jin«; II f"- ¦
carfare. 645 Mir.r » et._
JIIDDLE-AGED worn _. i*/l«ae« •" 1 1 ..» : 1
small family to do n s -r*i Jiois- - .n i ' 1
quire at tiltt Stockton st. ¦!*
_._ . .! -- I » ¦ , M_#
WANTED — To read^V> ?n ol :'" l.'ii;^ IfciO 1
to taind by restpectab'^ »orn u 1 'I!f •+> fgyCJ
or' address 3275 Harrison ij*.
"WANTED — By a middle-ag*.€' *_u*s» H.*_|ls>r ,jj
woman a situation as cook; cl-*# c* ccy» ":¦¦>}
Call or address Cook. ISiaFVfJ O- _^
. — .. — Ts ' ' '
SITUATION as stenographer; £ yea_<£< i_l*,eri-
ence ln law office: good rersretuo .Iven.
Address box 3897. Call office. \ . V
A YOUNG colored girl would like light house-
work and assist tn c'ookln*. Addresa MR3.
ANDERSON. "ZO Howard st.
%V ANTED — By respectable woman. f«w half
days washing. Please call or address MILS.
E., 3275 Harrison st. .
TOUNG Swedish woman wants housework la
small family or housekeeper's position. Ad-
dress 20S Clara st.
REFI.VEC English woman would mend for
families or mind children afternoons or
evenings. Box 2063. Call office.
SVOliAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning: $1 5(> and car fare. Address
or call MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
YOUNG l?dy wishes position tn millinery
store; wases no object. Address box 2)50,
Call office.
A TOUNG woman with references wants house-
cleaning by the day: $1 50 and car fare. 763
McAllioter St.. basement.
STENOGRAPHER wishes position; lawyer's
ef!ic« preferred. Addresa box
B. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
AN expert dressmaker by the day: good fitter,
designer; rapid worker. Telephone, evenings
only. Scott 1871.
COMPETENT stenojrrapher "" desires perma-
nent position: knowledge of bookkeeping. Box
6. Call branch. 106 Eleventh »t.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
salary ?25. with chance of advancement
Box 3S2tf. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE ymin* lady would like to
mind one or two children with people who
.travel; $_0. Box 5-73, Call office.
WANTED — Position as*hou»ek*ep«r or invalid's
nurse. Address box 20. Call office. Berkeley.
CI-AIBVOYA-TTS — Contnlnad.
A — RISE to Eminence and Success.
A — Temple of Occult Science. •
Mysterious power. ELLSMEIlE.
Ellsmere^ — Doubt no more.
Ellsmere — Troubl* leaves you.
Kllsmere — Success.
When your special work is commenced.
Permanently Located.
3 offices— 1007% Market st.— 3 offices.
Thla week only a full $5 readme for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. / $1. *!• **•
Ellsmrre— Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant
Prophet, Psychic Palmist.
Initiated by the AdepU of India
Thoso Invisible wonder workers of Thlbet-
You have never consulted one so
Fully endowed with Psychic Occult Power.
If dlMatlKfWi before, call and be convinced.
Th« Greatest Clairvoyant In the "Worltf.
Tells your full name. age. occupation, whom
and when you marry, how to win the one you
love, select a partner, sell or buy a busln?«.
where to locate, win a lawsuit, of "'¦' n^»
enemies. Journeys, changes, sickness, troubled
domestic affairs, wills, dreams, visions etc..
In fact, everything, without asking questions
all revealed: nothing concealed: advice on all
affairs of life; positively guarantees to marry
you to one you love or admire; hastens mar-
riage restores lost affection, reunites the sep-
arated, causes domestic harmony. stj«» lu , cVt ln
business, speculation. Investment awl all finan-
cial affairs. locates mines, lost claims, ou"* 1 ?
treasure, persons or goods; removes "P* 11 "-,. 11 }
health, evil Influence, drink or weak habits,
master of suggestive therapeutics; controlling
power Implanted in your nature p-rmaner.tiy.
so you may control secretly: teaches personal
magnetism use of occult forces, clairvoyance.
develops those desiring medlumshlp. Readinx?
by mall, $2. Sunday and every day ln offices,
arranged so you meet no one: $1. Success
with myaterlous power; the most refined or
sensitive need not fear to call.
. 3 offices, 1007 tt Market st. 8 offices.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
The Prophet of the Nllt will five free lec-
ture on occultism, west parlor Golden Gate
Hall. Sunday evening, under auspices Ori-
ental mystics: public invited. Sittings, con-
sultations dally afterns. & evgs. 363 Geary.
IsMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, lo to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 8 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant.card
reader: when others fail try me;good readings
25c. 721 Frar.kllri.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. 8 EUls st.
MME* WALTERS, sre-at card reader; la. 25c,
gents GCc. 051 Mission st., nr. 6th: open Sun.
MRS CLARK wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladies only. 421 Hyde st.
EARL'S grand eeance to-night. 1052 Ellis
st.; readings dally.
MME ODELL returned; clairvoyant.card read-
er; tea leavers; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MRS. BAUMAKN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 EUls Et.
MISS "WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts: readings dally. 917 Market, room 3.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned comjresaed alF at shop; prices
moderate. 3. F Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 jltrki v . it." phones Slain 15S and
Bujh <i7C.
WHEN you _*come ulsgu: ted wttil your work
«<-n<S for SPAULT) T NG t E Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing work*. 355-3oT "~ehama Jt. Tel. South 4a
I MITCHELL'S, 240 2!"ot'.v.een',.h ot. — Flr»£-clasa
rarp«« cleanlnc 3c yard. TeL fi-lssioa 7a.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Wo.ks. f 2r*£ Har*
rt»on •'..; Al cleaning; 3c ?>1. VTlasior, 223.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c; fonltSM move<5. GIS-
; SLOW. 608 Lafkln st.; phone East 7<?5.
CON'KLIN'S SuperSor Carpet -Beaui.is TTorlt^
333 Colder. O»t» aw. T«lephona i?6.
UOPKB BBO9. ; excellent carpet bea.lng; ma:-
treeses mad* over. U32 Howard uei.Souw'- iyift.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at. j
Ul. Main 3a«. GEO.WALCOag & CO., ?-op^
RITMOLPH Ik CO..rarpet-beatin« worka; pv't.K*
re«»onat)!«. 1J05 Harrison mt.: tet.Mlsstoa 2tX;.
cmnopopisTs.
M'l* «ltments of Jeet cured: corns, bunions,
lngrowlnff nails, etc. IXinlap Inst., 50 G^ary,
COTTAOSB TO MT.
BtTREKA ami Kichteenth et».. SUsslon warm
belt, tn r#ar cottasre. 2 rooms, basesseat.
yard. $5. Apply «4* Market »t.
TO l»t— Neat cottage, « rooms and bath- In-
Jlttlrs lutnber otnee. Army and Condon «*j.
coTTAosa run saxe.
FOIt (¦«!«»— Cottage. 6 rooms and tath. Jsqu!r*
at SS Cumberland st.
ilODEUN cfttWfc'e, i room*, with ranUY, bath,
fi>p *al« cheap. Apply *.1T Edinburgh st.
I. ' ' ?
COTTAGES WASTED. [
"WANTKO to rvnt— C'cttag* or Pat of 3 cr 4
rooms, with gas and I.irg« yard, ta tfca Mis- I
niort. 12ti<^ Lanstoa at. ' ' I
- cioT*n»o BEyovATtgro. j
STJ1TP cleanwl and pressed, ft: scourln« an<I
rfycinir. Bon. March*, (0 Sill* st., room 14; I
phone Drurron 44. Call fcr »j»d deliver free, j
coLi.EOTiQ7!T orncsg.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; eelltct'oas mage; ;
ciir <?r country. Pacifis CoUeetlon Co., 413
Montgrwery. nicma 9-10; tet- Main 55*0.
DEKTJ3T3.
A NEXV 4 plate— TRe %VhaIebon« — Cannot break;
warranted 20 y«.S crown,. $3 80; fillings. 60c:
platrs. $5; full set-; All work painless and
•warranted. Cfeicegq IVqtal Parlors. g« tflxth.
VR. LCDLtJsr IIiLu''-«43 Market.nr.El«venth
— N\> chares for estractlne when plates are
made: old p*a(» rovi- over like ww; teeth
Ituxa $*« per srl; «x!r*-{lr._; SQs'. gm.a given.
Dr" KNOX. d»nt!«t, now |oe*teil nt th» Grant
t"j»Miti«. ittiS aiark«t at., room 205; all flrst-
tlasH defttl«try at tow -ftttem. . .
AUTHUR CtilSHOLM. »un?eim-den«st,r.l4. 1st
floor. fh*t»n bid.. 806 >la»lcet, cor. O'Furelt.
GOLt* flUtngs, TSc; eilv«r, S5ct $2; no
pain? open Bu»d«y«. Dr.O.&.ITewtttjiO* Suttr.
Parle Pcntal Parlor*. 535 Ke*rfiy. «»r. Bush —
Set t«»th. ?1 50 ctg; Crowns.t^ »t>; filllfiga.23c
ALL worH »t«rant»-.*! by th«;X#w Tork den-
ti«t«. Dr. Pcrkln*. Mir.. r»C» Mi '?ion. cor. 6th
*?.•?* *?*.** E *? A . K - DI . * K AJ^ 55> ? E s ss t s :
JfcDOWEI.L DRESSiLVKING and MILLIN-J
ERT SCHOOL «lwaf » in th« l»ad. because ¦
Wfl have the bSst system of itrtasetittlng. glv? j
th/> best course in millinery en the coast and
have t** lat*»t iTniwrt»iJ patterns. X'ositions
furftishM. lies! references. Any pattern cut
to measure. I0t3 Market »t., above Sixth.
>Ict>Ott*Xl. Drtsmwiin* * Millinery School—
ratt«»n» cut to measure; *v»- tUsa. 1010 Mkt.
ACAt»EMT I>r*s»«j"(iti« «n(I Cutting; classes
for fall season now formtfiff. 43S Sutter s..
Ace«ra:oi». «v7it>tjrst aatf knCfe-pl*ltln«. Stew-
*-t's tsuttoa A tuttoafaot* t«etgry. 110 T*y.or.
tjayCATiOjgrA2».
: COLJ«EC1K Of KOTRB DAMT.
! Dolores St.. near 16th.
i Thi» higlier classes of the- •eoltesTi ai I'otre
' rjame will «»ea August 2. 1&04, *l -1 a. ja.
! A BIGGER echoo* th»n «v«r. On *•_£• Q *#
tnoveii to n»w fireproof bulldia^ T33 JCissicn
St., tetveen Third »nd Fourth: jiore space;
fln»r foorn«: beifrtr light: Jlnest ln .he West;
: come ami s«e. S. F. BUSINESS COI/jLEGE.
t:. llT~AVRES. founder *n* tnan4«e.~ /iyre»
Buslne«» Coilesre for Zl years, has v*cu-ue<! » t .
take active fnanaaemeni. JCo*iblne«j cours*.
; 93 s moMh; Hie sc f iio'a-shlp, i&>. *>«»
«venlnff. Sancrofi bids., "'i?, j.u.-te 1 . sj,
A— Tlie I^TCEUik. an scotedUttf p.eparajary
; school foi 1 unlversl'j'. Uw» anu jiedlc*,- col-
teges; refc. "Pteahlent .loidac-> or any Stanford
' ;pro!*«aor: day. oventnf cssu.ons. i,*he*an bids.
: JL — THS Paul Cjiison Schoo? ar X«llng glv»*
snor« 7>erfo.inances and c»ci'--cs mo?4 engagc-
anents for students ihaii rll oth«? IVestern
schools ; apecial sutoinji? eoijrse. 9H Siascu.
BJHUAWB Sc.iool of T)anciftg. 111? Tolk s.".
bJi. P!«e r.nd California, and branch tchoo/
I eor. Ho%.T-;d and "1st— ACult classes art* now
open; children" a class -will open Sa*., >.ui;. 13.
>-— CHICAGO BU£1?;ESS COLLEGE,I'3i Mar-
w« pufirantees positions to iirEuustes- Pit-
me.a nhorthand. Sypins. bookkeeping; jio.
.BOOKKEEPING Ens.. «»th.. etc.; day and
ave.; indivlduat inatr. 3C5 Parkin at., Pro..
y. A. Robinson, tofmerly prea. J'ac. Bus. CoL
ENGINEERING— Civil, el feC .. aila. Mech.,sur-
rey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. .113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A CLASS ln short story writing and Journal-
; iBtn begins on August * at 2 p. m. at 333
Phelan building; t«rms very reasonable.
i PIANO professor, Al, London graduate, visits
BOc lesson; Ai results. S83 Eddy St.; phone
Larkin 2776.
A — Metro. Business Col. (gr. and h. 8.), 602 V.
¦ Ness: positions secured. R. H. Webster, Prea.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons. PROF. K.
GASTALDI. Write or call 907 Howard st.
roa sai-e — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 60 per room. Ions
lease, up to date, downtown, modern hou-«:
electrlo lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furniehed throughout; chance of
lifetime to Bet flrst-cla«s house that is clearing
$350 to $460 at bargain: has signed to accom-
modate large body of people ln coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
nettle nn estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $CCO; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and jcood running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy ln city; account sickness; price $1500.
">2 rcome; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first -class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
15 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
otreet; rood buy and worth the price; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close ln; oak furni-
ture; eood carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
_3 rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
HIU; doins fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st.'; rent only $1S;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; coat $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood leaee.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $G0O per month;
close in; full of nice p«ople; bargain if tak»rn at
once; dissolution of partnership.
SJ rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears 5150; reduced to $2SC0.
1CS rooms: cheap r>-nt; n-jw and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance ;or rlrht parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
75 rooms; frrand .lew bull<iln^r: JeganJy Lur-
nlshed; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $4Cc) ver month; $4000 down, balanc. S
per cent per annum; departure.
16 rooms ; r»nt 5G5; srood furniture and car-
I p«ts; always* full; must sell wHhln neat 10
day.; leaving city; make offer.
129 rooms; cheap rent; l«n« leas*; ftrst-clas*^
: up-to-date downtown house; well furnlsh«ed;
1 clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other buelncas; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class, up-to-d-to
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
153 rooms; rent only $4 per room; n*w anfi
up-to-date house; Ml racn; electric rtevator,
lights; long lease; clears |40O to $500 j>er
month; one of the but buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses »ni
bualnesa for exrtmngr- or trade alway* on *.ani.
CAMEUON & CO.. 3 Eddy Bt
PHONE JOHN Wl.
It. C. DECKER. 006 MARKET. CORNER
STOCKTON ST.
28 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN SAN;
FKANCISCO.
°1 H.WE ALL BARGAINS FOR SALE,
I SEJJ.. HOUSES IN PAYMENTS OR VOK
CASH.
C SEB 3,1 V BARGAINS.
I S-roorrt house, only $400 cash. ,..,... a. .$!,!<*>
FTat. C rooms, worth $300. ...*.....,,... 150
2t) rooms oa 4th st.j >• '**•>*! S0O
40 rooir.», flee comer..... ..,,..5,200
CO rooms, clears $350.. ................. ,5,000
li) rooms, fine corner: transient .,,.,.., e t m
II rooms, nne buy.....,,..,.. ........... 700
1." rooms, transient. «,' 800 I
2G rooms, beautiful corner. 2.70O
CO ROOMS; LIQUOR LICENSE... T.000
I HAVE -HOUSES. LARGE AND SMALL
SEE MB FOR I5ARGAIXS.
ir. C. DECKER. HOC MARKET, CORNER.
STOCKTON ST.
THIRT_f rooms, nicely furnUhed. lease. .$3500
"<1 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient. 5000
3! roo:-.s3. rent on!y $*>5 600
40 room*, rent $70, transient... 1500
vi room?, rent $3 per room 3«0O
Hotels Km! roadhouses and all kinds or bu:i.
ness idd and exchanced.
Money to loan oil furniture at low rates.
. E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
* TrtrTCnELL &. C(X,
120»; .Market st. Thone .Tcssle 2981.
I'.oomlnsr-uouses. hotels a::d flats: will sell
any house ; part cash; balance easy payments.
45-r. transient; liasc: rent $205: clears $170,
, 11 r. ; rent 551 downtown; for ?43O.
4«. r. : rent $2(0; modern apartments: Al. :
103-r. apartment: rent $0 room: lull. >. Q
MITCHELL & CO.. .1203 Market,
?.3.".0O— A 55-KOOM lodjdns-house that pays
J00O icr month: fine location: pood name.
?7T.O — A l.'-room lodsiair-hous^ that takes ?140
per tnon:li. central: Al reputation..
r . Ileal Estate "HOWE, 1 054 Broadway. Oak-
land. roorr.s 1 ancl £, upstairs.
?100 — Lodgtcif aad boarding lioiise Jor sale:
10 toonis; .10 furnlsl-.rd: bscaiiEd oZ nccident.
700 Sixth lavt\, niclunond District.
LODGINC-JIOUSK, <2 rooms, ;ot asl*: meS-
<?rn: ga^ and tl^cttic lisiitfi. sieam heat. etc.
Atiaress box -ygCO,. Call o'fice.
I'OR sc!i5~'Roomin^-ho-use; 3S rticejy furnlsheij,
nlr>- rooms; gocx! Daylnp l)uslnc.is. Address
Call Agency. Stockton, Cal,
30 ROOMS, sunny corner: jtni $100; leaee;
no agents. -.Pox 3457; Calf office.
S ROOMS/ EM<Jy st.. near 1 Van Ncs» av#.;
-. cheap: iso< agents. .Box 2336, Calt office.
TAYLOR, 31S — 12 htcely furntatiect rooma'ani
o bath; reasoriable offer accepted.
LOjXJINa-IfOL'SE, i0 worn* «nd ba«»ftjeftt. for
«ale; all tented. Call at 8.18 MissloH at.
A WEEK'S nrwt tot 6 oenta— The \V««klr Call.
1« T>-ift: ln wrapper, tot malfinir. J1 p»r ra*t
wnvxxttAtaeM.
f » ;
: DBA If- TRANCE medium; S"ia«n«s, business,
rnlnlnlr; circt«a Tuesday*. Thur«<i*J-s, - Satur-
days, 8 $>. m. 325 Ellis *t.. front parlor."'.- r/
I>Jl. COLLINS, c!«lrvnyaat, trar.ee *ritlrt« mm-
diuntj r>a<f.da»y: circle tofitght. ttS.lOO Mkt.
: Mrs. 15. M. Miller, 4«»ofti»»lc »lMe-«*-Uln<, b«»I-
tnt. developing. a59ft Mlstloa; torcnurch S0i5.
I OCCULT I»«soiw, l«c; *v«ty afternoon S:30;
I full prtvat* reading, rr«*. FER,TJ«. «t» Ellis.
C. V. MlLLEH'S tn-.terialiii«ff se*nc« to-«Jaj%
1 o'clarfc, $1. lOSt Uinh; phone Larkin <I3-1.
MRS. 1CLSIE REYNOLDS. «e»nc» to? full
forms Sunday c\*., 80c. S3» gllla »t.
StRS. JT. *3. WHITNEY. bu»lnes| *n*dlum an*
life reader. 120« Market St., Gait House.
AA — CALL at once «nd save ?*.
My famoua $5 readings this week for 21.
PAUL JPiaSTJ.NE.
Tli* Jfir»t 55««lstere<J Ttance Ctalrroyant »n4
l*alr»lst . E\»r In Saft Kjr*nclsco.
t Ho *«feby solemnly •gre« «nd guarantee to
ttialce no charge if I fall to tell jour nam«, *mi
»bat yeti want tu Kfiow. 1 tell If husband, wife
«r sweetheart • Is true of false, whom amj when
you -will matryj In fact, I will t«ll «ve?y aope.
f»ar or ambition better titan you c*n t«ll your-
self. I will improve your condition so yoi» will
reacTi ttie gfe«t«'st «>oss;!.le strength lit incnul
%nd bodily vigor. »n<$ luck that insures success
tn business, tni?iina~. sjieculation; X implant the
co»!»*olll!ia" tower tn your nature so yoi* caii
fascinate any ofie you desir*. win th* one j-ou
iov«, brlnjt fcacli your lo vnS one, and cause
marriage with on* of choice. 3e «. *•&. ic £"•
p. ra.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.. 336. \
FROM ALT. SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WOSt>ERFi;*k DE&IOA'STRA-
TIOKS Of" THE KOTEB LIV1MCSTONE.
Jieadlns* $t. Would It noE he relief to know
how you tvlll succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
fnlfes. that you may meet with belter succtss?
Then £or tellable re»dln,~ 4-0 to Livingstone,
t_j3 r&ldy si.; lliree separate rtcepllon par-
lors; lady attendants; hours SC 1 a. m. 3 ;¦>. in.
•JSADAM Jt? 8S*A?«Tj1 psychometric ir-adinss
dally by appointment: »iour>i 1 to 5 owi Z to
£' p. m.; Sutv.rdays 10 to 12 a.. *.i.; Sundays
¦ uBXCiiptcd ; 1 ladings %y mall a specialty; In-
close 91. Ado. 8SS Jpolk St., 'San yrsoiclsco.
i»— Miss M, V/llle, 33© Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
Ral seer and life- reader, will tell you exactly
'a-ha* you tailed for without asking a. ques-
tlon; nam«s given; special, (1; hours JO to S.
MISS ZEMDaS, young:, cltted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, . domestic
trouble, : bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; C. $1. 2U Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. TULY 31. l!)0l.
45
r_AT TO -ET— Coat-mad.
LAUREL ave.. 221. oft Van Ness av*no*. be-
tween Turk and Eddy streets— Four rooms
and bath.
CASTRO. 421. near 17th— Sunny b«lt: modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; $40; atabl*.
NOE. 1050— Beautiful new flat; sunny comer;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and -Uh-st. cars.
NEW 6 and 7 i room flats, elegantly finished;
one bTock north of Market. 157 to 163 No*
St.. near Fifteenth.
HAIGUT. 712, near Pierce — New, swell T and
8 room flats; marble vestibules, etc.; nearly
completed; owner on premises.
$13— NEW flat. 4 rooms and porcelain bath;
yard and basement; near Twenty-fourth and
Castro. Apply 517 Clipper st.
TWENTY- SECOND. 3346. near Valencia— De-
slrable upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent
$23 50.
PIERCE, 030 — Elegantly finished new upper. 9
rooms and blliiard-hall; grand view of city.;
with or without private stable.
FOURTEENTH. 779— V, block north of Mar-
ket; elegant upper fiat; new and sunny; con-
venlent for two families.
CUMBERLAND. 3-W. bet. 19th and 20th. nr.
Church — Sunny, modern flat; cheap; « rooms,
bath. etc.
FRANKLIN. 2350, between Broadway and
Vallejo— Upper Cat; marine view; rent
moderate.
$27 50 — S-ROOM sunny fiat; 4 additional attio
rooms; gas. mantels, latest plumbing: l.">
minutes Call bldg. 1433 Broderlck. nr. Post.
SAN JOSE av*., 6S2. near Twenty-ninth — New
sunny upper flat, 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment.
BROADWAY. 1236 — Sunny flat. 6 rooms and
bath.
BROADWAY, 1520. near Van Ness av*. — Four
roomed sunny upper fiat.
BRYANT, 1012 — 4 rooms and bath, yard and
cellar. '
CAPP. 1C86 — New, sunny flat. « rooms and
bath; rooms frescoed; rent $25.
CAR cottage furn.. $12; larger house. $13;
Ocean Beach Carvllle. Inq. 5153 Taylor.
CASTRO. 547, near Nineteenth — Seven-room
sunny flat; modern; rent $23.
DEVISADERO. 1426A— Desirabl* lower Cat. 4
rooms;, rent $12.
DIAMOND. 12O— Modern lower fiat; 5 rooms
end rxith; rent $17 50.
DOLORES, 2C14— Flat to let; 5 rooms and
tath; rent $20. '
FIFTEENTH. 2023. nr. Church and Market—
To let, sunny fiat; 6 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1120— Mcd<rn 7 rooms; all Iargs
and light; corner; rent $40.
FLAT — 3 coxy rooms; 26 Reed *t. : rent $12.
Apply 1325 Washington St.. near Jones.
FOLSOM. 2900— Nice sunny Cat, 6 rocms and
bath, to rent.
FRE DS RICK. 365, near Cole— Upper flat. T
rooms and bath; $27 50.
GEARY, 1426 — Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
latest improvements.
GROVE. 790— Modern mlddl* flat: • rooms;
bath; storeroom; adults.
¦ ¦
HAIGHT. 555 — Desirable upper Cat. 5 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable^
HARRIET 270^4. oft Bryant— New sunny flat.
6 rooms and bath; rent $12 50.
HAYWARD, 2^. « ff Harrison, near Eighths —
Sunny middle flat. 4 rooms; rent $11.
HOWARD. 2933 — 6 rooms, bath; every room
sunny; no children; carpets for sale.
HOWARD 29.18 — Upper fiat. 6 sunny rooms,
bath. $27 50; stable if desired: no children.
LAKE. 742 — New 6- room flat; rent $25; ma-
rine " vlew^ ____^____________— .
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON tt HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave.. 1.167 — New upper flat. 6 rooms,
bath and basement room; rent $32 50.
NATOMA. 714 — Flat, 4 sunny rooms; largo
yard. _
NEARLY new upper Cat. 4 rooms and bath.
338K Tehama st. .
OAK. 332 — Flat; near Laguna; 5 rooms, bath
and furnished basement.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Fll'.more— Lower
flat. 6 rooms; sun In every room; garden.
PINE, 3023 — Upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
Just finished; sun all day.
SAN JOSE ave.. 223 — New Cats. 6 rooms, bath;
sweltest location Mission warm belt; $25. $23.
TO rent — Nice sunny fiat, 5 rocms and bath.
1229 Clay st.
WELCH. 114^ — Desirable lower Cat. 3 rooms;
rent $6.
WESTERN Addition — New 3 rooms: sunny up-
per flat; gas; water free: $12. 1S1SA Filbert.
WOODWAR.D. 17. near Thirteenth and Valen-
cia — Upper flat:sun., mod.; 5 rooms, bath; $_ :
$12 4 SUNNY rooms. 120 Ivy av*.. near
Van Nesa ave. and Hayes st.
$20: SUNNY bay-window Cat, 5 rooms anl
bath. 1205 Gu-rrero st., corner 24th.
$20— A CLEAN sunny upper fiat, 5 rooms anl
bath: dry cellar. 2S67 24th. nr. Bryant.
g_ ATS TO lJET--rtnB ; M : ISHjIP^^
HAIGHT. 1203. Buena Vista, cor. Central »»%
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnlskad:
bouse baa all conveniences and 1a situated ta
select lelghborhood. *
FLAT 5 rooms, bath, etc., furnished; sunny:
corner Ellis and Steiner sts.. to permanent
tenant: $35 mo. Murdock, 16 Chronicle bids.
DIAMOND 819— Flat of 3 sunny furnishel
rooms. $15.
WASHINGTON. 2833 — Very desirable sunny 1-
room flat; piano and garden.
14TH, 438. near Valencia— Sunny furnished
Cat, 7 rooms; ga3 range; adults only; $45.
g^.TS roa SA^s-— VpBgisima^
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath for
Bole; r*ot cf flat $23. Box 1933. Call office.
FOR sale — Furnished flat of 6 rooms; all new;
rent $27 E0. Box 2233, Call . offlce.
DOWNTOWN flat— 5 rooisa; a bargain I! sofci
to-day. 507 Powell st.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished 5-room flat; sunny
rooms; no dealers. 558 Fourth st.
ITS— NICEL X furnished. 4-room, sunny flat;
cheap rent. f~ - : Grove St., near Laguna.
T UKMITU— E FOB SA— E.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Poet st., near Powell.
Andersen Auction House, 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
FOR »Ale or to rent — Xicely fur. flat of •
rooms. Call 1 to 4, 1319 Leavenworth.
FOR sale — Furniture of .Vr£om flat. At 1377"^
Stevenson st. Call after'Mcnday.
FOR sale cheap: a soltd oak folding bed. Ad-
dress box r_ T, Call offlce. '.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439- Valencia.nr.ltSth.Tel.Church 3879.
rU— U1TU—E WANTED.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, effic* fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LKVY A. CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets. . etc. 732 Mlsslon-.tel.Buah 913.
HELP JWrAITTED— PJE^AL—.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned; materials free. Enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
I A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressinff.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 25
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
¦itoool In West. 2^3 Geary St.. room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15: positions as trimmers.
zaleslarlWs, etc.. guaranteed at $1O per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Halrdresslng, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; (5 '2
wks.; day eve. class; positions secured; highest
wages. Removed from 12^ti Mkt. to 133 Powell
WANTED — Lady cashier, competent, $10: four
machine .hands, children's clothing. $3 to
$12: lady floor manager. *B. THE NA-
TIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.. 5t)9
. Hearst building.
LADIES to handle new preparation: grand
¦<?llir: big profit. South S--a Medicine Co.,
S04 F<!1 st., San Francisco. Cal.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Sco Pase Forty-Six,
EMPLOYMENT WAWTED— M_l«— Con.
WOULD like work as porter. JOE HAYES,
931 Kearny st.
YOUNG man wants a Job In a shoe store.
; Box 8383. Call offlce.
BOY wants position running elevator. Box
1C9S. IOCS Market st. *
BOY want* position In store. 205 Eddy st.
MAN wants work by th* day. 2078 Bryant
street.
YOUNO man wants work. E. BERRY. 227
Mason st.
BOY wants situation. 775 Mission st. :
YOUNG man wishes situation in store. 125
I Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as book-
keeper. Box 3400. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as a barber. HENRY
GILBART. 613B Union st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants short hour Job.
JOHN WILLIAMS, box 3395, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as helper. Box
3352. Call offlce. ¦ :
BOY wants to run errands. Box 3351, Call
offlce.
WOULD like to drive team. Y., box 3349,
Call offlce. ¦
A MAN wants to work In bakery. Box 3429, 1
Call offlce.
A BOY. 17 years old. wishes steady Job. 252
Hickory av. . i
WANTED— Position as traveling salesman for
soap house. Box 3413. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as salesman In toy store.
Box 8414. offlce. ; ]
YOUNG boy would like 'a position as wrapper. \
Box 34S2, Call offlce. v
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants posi-
tlon. Box 3479. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind 5 4 hours
a day. Address box 3418, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as salesman or collector;
best city references. Box 3317, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like a position as plumber.
Box 2932. Call offlce. :
j JEWELER, 6 years' experience,' wants steady
j position; state wages. Box 2810, Call office.
• YOUNO man wishes poeitlon as bookkeeper.
j Box 3419. Call office. - .
I MAN wants to work on farm. CHAS. COHN.
I 2118 Bush st.
: WANTED — A Job as porter. Address box 2S01
i ..Call offlc*. .
WANTED— A Job In the country. Address
I box 2802. Call office.
MAN wants position as salesman. Box 2038,
! Call office^ '
SALESMAN wants position; aged* 22. Box
, 2617, Call offlce.
! YOUNG man wishes a position as porter. Box
2815, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wishes to drive wagon; single
< or double. Box 2S30, Call.
WANTED— Situation as bellboy. GUS LEZ-
J YNSKY. 222 Mason st.
WANTED — Position as houseman. GEO.
j HOYCE. 222 Mason st.
WANTED — Position as private chauffeur. Box
3462. Call offlce.
* BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 3472.
Call offlce. ,
SITUATION wanted as grocery salesman. Box
.2607. Call offlce.
BOY would like a position In cigar stand.
Box 34«7. Call.
WANTED— Position in cigar store. Box 3400.
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED plumber wants work in the
- city or country. Box 2S08. Call.
WANTED — A position as bartender In a sa-
loon. Box 346S, Call.
WANTED — By respectable young man, light
work; good references. Please call or ad-
dress 3275 Harrison st. ¦
CARPENTER wants work by the day. 4212 ;
Nineteenth st.
A 14-YEAR-OLD boy wishes a Job in a ma-
chine shop. Box 2943, CalL
MAN wants position as bookkeeper. - Box 2944,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as accountant;
references. Box 3433, Call.
WOULD like position as solicitor for commls-
. sion-house. Box 3434, Call.
WANTED — A position In drug store. Box
3431. Cal'. offlce.
A BOT wants position In stationery store; ref-
erences. Box 3473, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED drug clerk wants position
with reliable firm. «!l.*i Clayton st.
YOUNG man wishes position as bartender; 3
j years' experience. Box 3014, Call office.
A BOY 15 years old wishes a Job. 3130 Pierce
street.
MAN wants a position as typewriter. Box
1 2l»C7. Call offlo^.
MAN wishes joh as bartender. Box 3315, Call •
i offlce.
EXPERIENCED collector desires position; in
bailment house preferred. Box 2S11, Call.
MAN wants work as porter. Address J. D.,
Box 2971. Calf offlce.
MAN wishes work In store. Address J. D.,
1 box 2S13, Call offlce.
MAN wants work around stable. Address J.
D.. box 2812. Call offlce.
MAN wishes Job as porter. Address box 2972,
Call offlce. ¦ ' ¦
MAN wants any kind of work. Address box
2973. Call offlce.
WORK wanted by young man. Address box
2877. Call office.
YOUNG German wants situation as porter.
j Box 2978, Call offlce. ' ' . _
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Address
box 3442, Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector. Address box
j 3441. Call offlce. • -. ¦-,
' A MINER wishes position In some foreign
country. Address box 344 J, Call offlce.
I WANTED— A position as errand boy. 203
j Lan~ton st; .
MAN wants position to drive delivery wegon.
13 Kate st. ¦
SCHOOL boy wants a Saturday Job. box 3392.
Call offlce.
1 STRONG young man wants work as Janitor or
j any kind of work. Box 3443, Call offlce.
1 SITUATION wantfd by a young man IS year*
old. G35 Vallejo st.
WANTED— Position as clerk In dry goods
store. 33 Third st. ,
1 SCHOOLBOY wants work Saturdays. Box
2846. Call offlce.
MAN wants porter work. Box 2S17. Call.
j .__—___ "- v .. ~" ~~- — ~
ANY kind ot 'work wanted. Box 2S50. Call.
MAN wants work around factory. Box 2851,
Call office. "
MAN wants work as porter. Box 2849. Call.
BOY wnnts work as bellboy. Box 2848, Call.
AN errand boy wishes Job. 746 Naples st.,
city. ' ;
A WAITER wishes a situation. Call 520 Mont-
gomery st. .
BOY 14 years old. wishes situation as errand
boy. Address 614 Prove st. ;
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 2840,
Call offlce. " -. ¦
A BOY 14 years old, wants a situation. Box
2841. Call offlce.
POSITION as porter. Box 2843, Call.
POSITION as collector. > Box 2S42, Call.
WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. Box 2844,
Call office.:
A BOY.- 14 years old. wishes a steady Job.
3136 Pierce «t. . -
A BOY. 15 years old. wishes a steady % Job
1301 Pine st. :
A YOUNG man. 6 years' experience In machine
shop.' wants employment of any kind; city
or country. Address boa 3301. Call offlce.
E3—P— OTMEITT WANTED — Turn ¦* 1«~-Con
WANTED — Eartern seamstress, perfect fitter,
cutter and designer, would accept engage-
ments at your home. Address box SS57. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants genral house -
work. Apply 11 H EV.zabeth st., near 23d
and Guerrero.
REFINED German lady desires a tfw hour**
daily employment to read to an Invalid.
Addres* Box 3016. Call.
POSITION desired by young lady in Insurance
office to do sreneral orf.es work; references.
Box 1573. IOCS Market St.
YOUNG lady would like typewriting to do at
home. Box 154»7. 1008 Market st.
YOUNG lady wants situation In store. 777
Post »t.
WANTED— Portion as cashier In restaurant
Call BREUSS' CAFE. 70 Third T^ ULUTmnu
WANTED — Position as seamstress. 40 Lang^
ly tvHiut.
WANTED— Position as seamstress. Call at
f>07 Octavla st.
WANTED— Position as caehler in restaurant.
Call 24 Vi Langton et.
B^"*w» woman wants work as waitress!
Box S&5S. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position In wholesale
mUlncry house. Address box 3S72. Call.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day Ad-
dresb bcx SS75. Call offlce.
WANTED— Plain warning and Ironing to do
at horn*. MRS. MORROW. 232S Greenwich.
LADY wishes copying to do. Box~3si2Tcall
effic*.
GIRL would like a situation to do errands.
Arply SO? Kearny »t.
A LADY will work afternoons. COe: drejsrr.sk-
1r.g er seamstress. Address box 341ft. Call.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper. Apply
674 Jackson rt-
YOUNG c'.rl wlsfc-s r>ositloa as nurse. Box
S412. Call office.
POSITION wanted as chambermaid in large
hot* 1. Agrees 567 Harrison et.
YOUNG woman wishes situation a» snree-
glrl. $15. £1 Federal st
YOUNG lady wishes a position as housework
in private ftjr.lly. Box 33S6. Call offlce.
WORK by day or washing. $1 50. f 746 How-
ard et.
FTP-ONG woman wishes house and window
r]ranir.g. $1 fio day. Box XS>6. Call offlce.
LADY wishes Kb take care of children even-
:rr5. Box 1527. 100S Market fct.
POSITION to do housework frr.all family; no
waging. Box 0047. Call office.
YOt'NG woman wishes work by day Box
K43. Call office.
ETHNOGRAPHER. 4 years' experience, de-
rlres position. Box 3375. Call offlce.
YOUNG la<?y would like a position as a
cashier. Box 3S7K. Call office.
PREPOSSESSING young la.-ly withes poeitlon
in car.dy store. Box 3."i77. Call offlce.
WAKTTD — By young lady, housewcrk and
cooking. Aprly 3212 Ste'.r.er St.. nr. Lombard.
Gir.L w:«hes position as nurse; willing to do
housework. Box 3354, Call office.
GERMAN lady wants to cook by the day;
best ol references. Box 2037. Ca'.I offlce.
La; Y wants work by day. Box 2933, Call
office.
LADY canvasser wants position. 830 Turk
street.
TYPEWRITER wants position. Box 2941, Call
off.ee.
COMPETENT stenographer desires pcsitlon.
Box 2845. Call offlce.
KITt'ATION as dressmaker. Box 3439, Call of-
i-ITVATION a» waitress. Box 3437. Call of-
fice.
hITl'ATION as nurse. Address box 3436, Call
otrlcc.
"WANTED — A position as lady's maid in pri-
vate family in city. 5e7 Bryant st.
A TYPKSnTTER wishes a situation. 1038
Miss. on it,
FEW more family washings to take home.
Card, or !nc,utre 2S19 Baker st.
YOLTfO Udy wishes position In offlce. Ad-
<V<fii bcx 21)70. Call office.
A WOMAN want! mending by the day. 111A
Silver et.
CASH girl wishes situation. Call 1024 Bartlett
street.
WANTED by middle-aged lady, housekeeper's
4»-.yition; very capable. Box 3321, Call offlce.
TOUXG girl wishes a position as nurse. Box
SV.C. Call cfCce.
GIHL wants a position as bookkeeper in
wholesale house. Box 3469, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as a housekeeper. Apply
522 Filbert st.
GERMAN erlrl wishes position cooking and
houseuvrk in srr.all family Box 3493. Call
YOUNG lady »!.«krs position doing light
houteworii in ijty. Box 2So«. Call offlce.
GIRL wants position as housekeeper. Box
04— ',• Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 and car-
fa n: city reference. Address box 2S55. Call.
WANTED — A boston as a nursegirl. MISS
CRONAN. 21<> Getry *t.
felTI'ATlON wart-i} tn mind children. MRS
tLISE GILUART. 513IJ Union st.
ITANTCD- Position a; typewriter. Box 1277.
Ca!l office, Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing and
housfccnaclng. olti Linden ave.. near Gough.
LADY wishes copying to do at home. Box
S3SP. Call office.
FASHIONABLE drr^makrr. Iatel- from Eu-
rope: rates reasonable. JOS Howard st.
WORK by the day; w*trtn< or housecleanlng.
A. B. N.. 3339 Twinty-sixth St.
WOMAN ¦wants work by the day. 224H Shipley
itrctt.
STENOGRAPHER J 2 years' experience, desires
position. Box 3.>i!. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants mending to do by the day.
X'-i Bryant st.
A YOUNG cirl wants to do light housework.
Address :UM Fulton St.
WANTED — Children's garments and plain
sewing. 137 Gough Et.
WANTED— By a n«-at young girl, second work;
uair«** $20. Box 3X25, Call offlce.
A GOOD »¦!)'•¦*¦ l.i<!> desires position. Apply
at llCfc'.a i&iemozi si.
Yen 'NO woman wants washing to take home.
Apply Box «015, Call.
[ YOVNG lady would like a position as ste-
nographer. Apply at 1702 Devisadero st.
GOOD laundress wishes situation by the day
1123 Lagur.a st.
VVAIS fn-ing to do at home. 2035 Polk st.
'ARTISTIC <Jrtsfmakin»r: a few more engagc-
raentf; fl p»> r day. 407 Van Ness ave.
$ — 1 — *
1LADY dt-Flrrs poeltlpn In candy store. Box
I 30(»9. Call offlce.
I W ANTEI>— Fit uatlcn a» ca*h girl In dry goods
store. Box .3011, Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation at pantry woman in
country hotfl. Box 3012. Call office.
LADY to purchase a candy and Ice cream par-
lor. Box 3013. Call offlce.
WANTED— A pofiti/in as typewriter. Address
box 12il. Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG gir! wants second work and plain
cewing; wages $20. licx 2S57. Call offlce.
DRES=MAKER wishes work by the day. 430
< ;. ::..li St.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
drr-e*. wli»heB position with an American
family; likes children; will give references;
will go a ehort way in country; moderate
wages. 47 Shipley et.. near Folsom.
A LAPY hating hospital experience would
like position ax companion or nurse to In-
valid; country preferred. Address B. B.. 219A
Mason Et.
EXPERIENCED marker and distributor; can
tsk» charge ot either department. Box 1667,
1008 Market et.
A RErPECTADLE young lady would like to
mind cne or two children with people who
travel; $20. Box 3373. Call offlce.
A STRONG woman wishes a steady place for
Monday and Thursday: washing, sweeping
or dusting. Call 157 Ninth st.
COLOK_D lady wishes position in laundry.
013 Powell si; phone Black 5t>6T.
CIRL wants a position to assist with light
housework: wagej from $12 to $15; reference;
adults preferred; no postals; call from 9 to
2 o'clock. £330 Larkln it. J
j!MP_OYMENT WANTED— Male— Con.
SITUATION as assistant in grocery. W. W.
HAAS.1613A Sutler st.
WANTED — By young man, position as porter.
Box 3427, Call.
WANTED— Boy of 16 wishes work of any kind.
Box 3428, Call. .
OFFICE boy wants a position. Box 3428, Call.
WANTED — Position as first butcher in hotel.
HILL, 227 Stevenson st.
MAN wants to work in bakery. M. BLUM.
731% Minna st.
MAN wants to work In carpenter, shop.
THOMAS SLOAN, 1013 Poat et.
YOUNG man wants position as errand boy.
Address box 34C5. Call office.
BOY. 12 years old. wants position In retail
store. Address box 34OI. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position as farm
hand. AddreBS box 3415, Call offlce.
WANTED — Job en ranch as cook. Box 3465,
Call office.
A YOUNG man desires position in lawyer's
office; best of references. Box 3417, Call.
WAN'fED — A position as stock boy. Box
3425, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house. Box 3308, Call office.
A UNION waiter desires position In a flrst-
clasa restaurant. Box 3307. Call offlce.
NEAT young man wants positon as elevator
boy. Box 3411. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position In a wholesal* house.
Box 3422. Call offlce. j ;
YOUNG man wants position as grocery clerk.
Box 3407, Call offlce.
BOY wants Job in offlce; best references. Box
33C6. Call office.
YOUNG man. competent bookkeeper, desires
position. Box 2976. Call.
BOOKKEEPER who has some leisure tlm* to
spare desires work on the side; evenings pre-
ferred. Box 2951. Call.
WANTED — Position as assistant bookkeeper, j
Box 2047. Call ;
FIRST-CLASS gardener ¦ wants position.
OSCAR SABITZKI. 1329 Jessie st.
NON-UNION stableman wants work. 801
Howard st.
WANTED — Position as newspaper carrier.
Addreas C14 Twentieth st.
SITUATION wanted as grocery clerk. Box
2975. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as bill clerk; wholesale;
1 references. Box 2966, Call.
WANTED— Boy to sell potatoes. Box 2837,
Call offlce.
; BOY wants a posltl«n as an errand boy. Box
2838. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bartender wants position;
best of refences. Address box 3301. Call.
POSITION as salesman in dry goods store.
Box 3303. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as handy man about farm.
Call or address 579 Clay St., room M.
A HOY wants a position as errand bay. Box
3.'iO2. Call offlce. •
WANTED — A position as bartender. S.
WOLF, 328 Jessie St.
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply
HARRY MU-LLER. 529 Bush st.
WANTED — Position aa salesman. Apply F.
NELSON. 714 Bush st.
MAN wants Job as porter. Box SS95. Call
offlce, ' ;
POSITION as teamster wanted. Box 8310.
Call offlce. •_
WANTED— Position as porter. 36 Fourth
street.
A SMALL boy wants position as offlce boy.
Box 3309. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of 20 would like a position as
bookkeeper. Box SS47. Call offlce.
A MAN want? work of any kind. 644 Steven-
son HI. S. C. NATHAN.
A YOUNG, stronc man wants a position In
.Mexico. Address box 3410. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants any kind of work. Ad-
dress box 3447, Call offlce.
WANTED— Errand boy. Box 3+40, Call offlce.
AUTHOR'S ,'MSS. and proofs revised by expert
proofreader. 45 Wert Mission st.
BOY would like position in hardware store.
1139 Florida st. ¦_
SITUATION as Janitor In offlce building. Box
2804. Call offlce.
! SITUATION as floorwalker in department
j store. Box 2S05. Call offlce. -
I A BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
3453, Call offlce.
A BOY 14 years old wishes steady work. 31.J3
Pierce st.
PORTER strictly temperate, wants position.
Box 3445. Call. !
SITUATION as porter in packing-house. Ad-
dreas box 30U1. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position inside. Box 2822,
Call offlce.
A BOY 16 years old would like a good, steady
Job. Box 2S21, Call offlce.
HANDY man wants work. Address box 2S18,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Ad-
dress box 2S19, Call offlce.
BOY wishes position In candy factory as
helper. Box 2S20. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants a Job In a wholesale house.
Address box, 2981, Call offlce.
BOY wants a position in a hat store; best of
references. Box 3002. Call offlce.
POSITION as collector. Address box 2826,
Call offlce.
BOY wants position as office boy. Box 2S25,
Call offlce.
A BOY wants position from 9 to 3. Box
2*24, Call office.
MAN -yajitg-- 'work by the day. 2420 Bryant.
BOY wants Hzht work to do. Address 673
Kansas St.. bet. Eighteenth and
PAINTEK, paper hanger, sign writer wants
work; tools furn. 1272 Folsom: tel. Mint 131.
EXPERIENCED cigar clerk wishes position;
best of references. Telephone Howard 3151.
SITUATION wanted as a waiter. THOM*
JOHNSON. 411 Union st.
OFFICE boy wants situation. Box 2987, Call
cfn>e. '
A GOOD draughtsman wants position. Apply*
F. P.. 1941 Mission st.
STRONG young man desires position as de-
livery driver. Box 2S56. Call offlce.
WANTED — By a reliable man, to take charge
ot stable. Address box 298BJ Call offlce.
WANTED — Position In wholesale house; out-
side work preferred. Box 3340. Call. •
SHOEMAKER wants workl 102 Eleventh st.
YOUNG man wants position as ship's clerk on
any run. Address YOEMAN. 106 Eleventh.
BOY, 11 years old, wants position as errand
boy. 1026Vj Natoma st. -
YOUNG man, 21 years old, deaf and dumb,
wishes any kind of position. "1519 Mission.
BRIGHT boy wishes, a position; wages $5.
Address F. H.. 106 Eleventh st.
STRONG boy wants to learn carpenter trade.
1011 Natoma st.
YOUNO man .wants position of any kind. 1010
. Natoma st. - > -.'¦.¦'>
YOUNG man. IS yecr» old, wants any kind of
employment. 1519 Mission st.
BOY wishes position in "electrical works. L.
ROTH, 2040 Folsom .st. »
A GOOD young barber would like situation In
country. E. MOHL. 1534 Kentucky «t
BOY wants a Job in a tea store. Box 2098,
Call offlce. .
FIRST-CLASS . photographic retoucher desires
to change position. Box 2999, Call.
BOY wants a Job in a Jewelry store. Box
3000, Call office.
WANTED— Work as porter. W. BARTINE,
.744 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted as a Janitor. JOHN
GALLIANO, 1433 Duoont st.
WANTED — A position as bartender. S.
WOLF. 328 Jessie »C
YOUNG man wants position as driver on de-
livery wagon. Box 2905, Call.
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
house. Box 2093. Call.
EMJr-OYMEirr WAWTEP— -M !aJ t»— Coik
AN old man wants work of 'any kind. 1524
Kentucky st. .. ¦ ¦ .
WANTED— Situation by lunch cook. 310 Fol-
som St.; apply between 10-12 a. m.
SALESMAN wants position. Box 2992, CalL
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper. Box 2980.
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED plumber wants steady work.
Box 2991. Call.
A SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box
•2990. Call offlce.
CARPENTER desires to make an engagement.
Box 2989. Call.
CARPENTER wishes work. 2027 Taylor st.
SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box
2996, Call office.
CARPENTER, non-union, wants work by day
or Job. Box 33S4. Csll.
MAN wants work in brewery. Box 2018, Call
offic*.
SITUATION ss Janitor In offlce building. Box
1578. 1008 Market st.
SITUATION as handy man in hotel. Box
1579. IOCS Market st.
BOY wants situation as cash boy. 775 Mis-
sion' st. !
YOUNG man desires position as assistant
bookkeeper. Box 1574, 1008 Market st.
YOUNG- man wishes to learn candy trad*.
Address 603 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced team-
tter. 642 Kentucky at.
SITUATION as night watchman. Address 639
McAllister at.
POSITION as a city salesman wanted by a
young man. Addreas 017 Gough st.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk. Apply
611 Gough st.
YOUNG man would Ilk* work in wholesal*
house. Box 3028. CalL
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires posl-
_tlon^_Box 3008. Call.
SITUATION as handy man in country hoteL
Box 3010, Call.
YOUNG man would Ilk* work In wholesale
house. Box 3014. Call.
STRONG boy would like to learn a trade. 1011
Natoma st.
YOUNG man <27) with « years' experience in
wholesale office as chief bookkeeper and cor-
respondent, seeks engagement; would accept
$1000 to start if guod prospect of advance-
ment; highest references. Box 3S08. Call.
WACHMAKER. Jeweler, engraver, diamond
setter and optician; all round man; will ac-
cept desirable position in California Sep-
tember 1. Address L. D. WARDIN, 850
Ross ave., Dallas, Tex.
A YOUNG, sober and Industrious Danish man
wishes (situation at anything; will give good
references. Address JENS P. HANSEN,
1530 Kentucky *t.
YOUNG man and wife wish positions on ranch
Of camp; wife good plain cook and house-
keeper, man general handy man or teamster.
Yiox 3381. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by reliable boy. aged 15;
offlce work oref erred; good references fur-
nlshed. Address 3. V. S.. 671 Mission St.-
A RESPECTABLE man. aged 46, wants po-
sition; good bookkeeper; salesman; highest
references. Box 33S0. Call offlce.
JEWELER wants steady position; city or
country; state wages. Box 3369, Call office.
A YOUNG colored man wants situation as
'x, porter or Janitor. Address 127 Second st.
WANTED — Situation by colored man as porter
or Janitor. Address 127 Second st.
SPANISH young man. well educated, desires
position In some business house or private
house for translating the Spanish correspon-
dence; small wages; give good references.
507 Pine at.
A MAN would like to have position on private j
place; good gardener, hostler and all round
man; fln« driver. Address box 1274. Call of-
flce, Oakland.
STRUCTURAL draftsman seeks position; 8
years' shop practice and office experience;
graduate; best references. Box 2494, Call.
WANTED-^-By Janitor with life-long experi-
ence; any Inside or outside work, by day,
week or month. JACOB MEYER. 110 Hyde.
CHINESE first-class cook wants a place In
family; every reference is good. AdJress
box SS92. Call; tel. China 116, from 9 to
11 a. m.
SALESMAN wants position: has had experi-
ence In clothing and Jewelry. Box 3399.
Call offlce. j
JAPANESE schoolboy, having best experience I
cooking, desires posltlori in small family; has
best refs. Kuro, 1329 Pine; phone Larkln 2611.
JAPANESE boy wants position, cook or general
housework. Frank Kunishlge. 1103 Mission.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position in
private family. YEOUMTO, 703 Larkin St.;
tel. Polk 3782.
JAPANESE bright boy desires position to do
housework, or as a kitchen help. MATSU. «
258 A OTarrell st. I
I JAPANESE boy wishes employment to wash
windows and do garden work for his school-
ing. Address G. W. A., 1002 Broadway
Oakland.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants position in
a small family. M. YAMAKAWA, Japaneso
Y. M. C. A., Phone Fell 7931.
JAPANESE schoolboy, havtnz best experience
cf cooking, iU sires position In small family;
has best references. KURO, 1329 Pine; phone
Larkln 2G11.
A STRONG Japanese boy wants situation to
do cooking and housework: sceaks English
well: wages $7 a week. Address G. S.,
1303 V4 Castro rt.
JAPANESE good worker wants situation by the
day or week; cooking, laundry and house-
work. JOGE, 414 Stevenson; tel.Howard 1276.
JAPANESE, good boy. wants a position as
school boy In a family. F. T. I.; please call
1903 Polk st.. tel. 1017 Larkln.
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as school-
boy in nice family. Tel. South »9; 518 Jessie.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position
as schoolboy. 807 Polk St., GEAN HARI.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED — $7000 for buying machinery, either
as a loan at 12 per cent or for a share in
business; security, real estate worth $->50O
and the machinery; one of the most profitable
lines In the city; large orders already as-
sured; little competition; organized by the
two highest salaried men in the business in
San Francisco. Address F. G. DORETY,
attorney at law, 3C5 Sansome st.
WANTED— Prospectus and ad writing; finan-
cial propositions a specialty. Address box
3094. Call offlce.
BONDS placed at low interest: electric rail-
Toads financed. JAS. B. GORDON, 628
Crossley building.
P_ ATS TO _ET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTM—Nt!
All desirable vacant houses and fiats ar* list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to Col
a place; wa never fall; service free
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1CK1!> MARKET ST..
'" " OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
ibis department: it will save you Urn* and
trouble. Cordes Furnitur* Co.. 245-254 <
¦ Geary St.. on th* square.
NEW Colonial fiats. Franklin at., between
Vallejo and Green; marine view; sun and
light In every room; artistic finish; very
reasonable rents. Particulars from HAR-
SHALL, 12 Kearny St.; phone Red 2431.
GROVE 1208 near Devisadero^ — Lower flat of
R rooms and bath: rent $23. VON RHEIN
REAL* ES.TATE CO., 513 California st.
1 POST 2450 near Broderlck— Lower Bat of 5
rooms and bath; rent $25. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE C(\.. 513 California it.
SIX elegant new flats; 7. s ami 10 rooms; north
' «id* of Broadway, near Pierce st. : unob-
structed marine view; $50. $55 and $65; open
for inspections from 11 till 5 o'clock.
A— ELLIS. 1327; upper sunny modern flat; S
rooms, bath: walking distance; low rent; see
this to-day. SPECK & CO., 209 Montgomery.
A— WASHINGTON, 3129— Sunny, modern 8-
room upper fiat; best location: see this to-
day.- SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
CLAY. 3U11— Fiv* rooms and bath; modern im-
provements; fashionable location; most con-
venient to all car lines; r«nt $25: water free.
BAKER. 731. 733. near McAllister — Fine mod-
ern flats; sunny; 7 rooms; electric lights, gas.
BEAUTIFUL upper flat; 7 rooms; bath; sun
every room; rent $30. 2G34 Post st.
EMPLOYMENT WAWTED—Male^ — Con.
*"¦•"'¦* — -]¦ - ...i
WANTED — Job as fireman; city or country; 5
years' experience. Address P. RUDIOTY'S,
64 Mission St.; teL Black 6413.
A BOOKKEEPER with several years' experi-
ence. in this city desires position; moderate
salary. Box 8900. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man, sober, best of references,
wishes a situation In a private place; coun-
try; handy with tools. Box 3480, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist and dlemaker
wants position- expert on tools; references
given. Box 2386. Call.
WANTED— Position, city salesman, to call on
retail grocers: long experience; best refer- .
ences. Box 2372. Call.
COMPETENT experienced lumberman wants
poeitlon; wholesale or retail; deslr* personal
interview^ Box 2774, Call,
A MACHINIST, 16 years' experience; floor and
vise work preferred; reliable. Box 1260,
Call offlce. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as book-
keeper; Eastern and foreign experience. Box
23S5. Call offlce.
A POSITION as watchman by special officer
from 1 a. m. on; best of references. Box
2370. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as driver; any
kind of delivery wagon; Oakland preferred.
Addreaa box 1275. Call offlce. Oakland.
GROCERY clerk, young man. would like posi-
tion In corner grocery; best references. Box
3005. Call office.
i A MAN of invincible integrity and honesty
; would like a position as collector or similar
vocation. Address Invincible. 967 Hayes st.
. STENOGRAPHER and typewriter (English,
i French and German) desires position; refer-
j ences. 1IEPPLE. room 15. 6 California st.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer and typewriter.
first class, speaks English and Spanish, de-
sires place. Box 3391. Call.
POSITION as floorwalker by a thorough up-
to-date man; very best references; thorough-
ly experienced. Box 2982. Call.
YOUNG man. 23 years old, wants place as
bookkeeper or any clerical position. Address
C. D.. 106 Eleventh st.
A BRIGHT boy. 16 years old. wishes position
In offlce or wholesale house with chance of
advancement. Box 20S5. Call.
SALESMAN; has had experience In city Oak-
land and vicinity; calling on grocery trade
preferred. Address W.. 106 Eleventh st.
; YOUNG man. 17 years old. wants position to
j , FRANK-S: _& O -SSrt y ,t. AJdre6 " GE °-
i POSITION as f orttnan on hay, grain or stock
ranch by Cal. farmer with many years' ex-
! perlence. 936 Pine St.. W. Oakland.
: FIRBT-CLASS shoe salesman, window dresser
j Box 3^Tan d 0^" : be8t ° f "**-«-¦
YOUNO man wants position in stationery
g : Market h> st. """^ exp * rIenoe - B °* 1577 '
A THOROUGHLY experienced orchard man In
all branches; take charge or work on steady
place. H. S.. 417 Kearny st.
A SMALL boy desires situation in foundry
S££ r Ch^£ ce to '* arn tra<le - STANLEY
I FORD. 012 Ashbury st.
; RELIABLE boy wants position In offlce. Ad-
dress box 3SC1, Call offlce.
I WANTED— Position as wrapper. Box 3S63~.
Call office. \j
j WANTED— A place In a bakery. Box 3S6S7
j Call offlce.
j WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 3870
Call office.
• SALESMAN would like position In wholesale
1 lace house. Address box 3854. Call office.
; BOY wants a Job in a hat store. Box "3849!
Call offlce.
; BOY wants situation In candy store. Box
3S50. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as barber downtown.
_14:i Seventh Et.
; BOY wants a Job in a tea store. Box 3852.
Call offlce.
I EX , PEI JJfl N *S? n stock b °y wants * Position.
Box 3S55. Call offlce.
I A YOUNG neat man wants a position In an
offlce. Box 3860. Call offlce.
> B ? Y n <, w 5 nt '' to !<?*"» Jewelry trade. Apply at
I ].»Jfi I. nay st. « .
YOUNG man wishes position as night watch-
i rr.an. Address box 3S71. Call office.. I
; A YOUNG man desires position in a music
house: best of references. Box 3866, Call.
j A TAILOR wants a place. CaH~at"l312~HowI
ard st.
YOUNG man wishes position as grainer- 1
j year a experience. 117 Germania st.
I AN . experienced bey wants work! Box 38C9
I Call offlce.
I WANTED— Position an receiving andTship^ing
clerk, best references. Box 3S85, Call office.
ERRAND boy wants Avork] Box 3SS3 Call
office.
I 1111 ' W ° rk " Pa ' nter -
; A TOUN "° man wishes situation as Janitor-
! — *^.experienced. Bcx 394^ c^, ofnc e ll1 "'
1 r( ?yS G , man wan 's work Inside^ Box~3S65
¦ call ornce.
I SITUATION on a milk ranch. Box 3SS7 Call
! office.
. POSITION to run freight elevator. Box 38S8
can office. . '
i GARDENER wants work by the day Ad-
I dress box 3843. Call office.
1 AN experienced candy maker desires position
j »n a first-class house. Box 3842. Call office.
I T ° U a NG ma n, w JL sli e« posltion~as~rubber-in for
grainer. 117 Germanla st.
i WANTED-^Posltion as bellboy. E. BERRy",
I A^^e ED io\S 10 Ca!\ S o?nce er '"
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position in
] dry goods house. Box 3S93, Call offlce.
j WANTED— Position as porter. Box 3890
Call office. '
j WANTED— Position as blacksmith. Box 3891
Call offlce. . '
WASTED — Job as hustler. 33A De Long ave.
MAN wants work to do by the day 111A
Silver st.
BARTENDER, married, wants position In city
day work preferred. Address box 3335, Call!
! GOOD all around cook wishes situation In
city. , Address MARRELL. 317. Stockton st.
HARNESSMAKER wants steady work in
country. Box 3370, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants posttlori~-in outside town
Box 3341. Call offlce.
BARBER wants steady work. 027 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS engineer wants steady position
Addres» B. O.. bo* 3342. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation in country. 6°6
Ellis st.
YOUNG man wishes situation as porter In
store. 122 Taylor st.
BOY 15 years wants to learn watchmakers'
trade. Box 3333. Call offlce. l^ a ™»Kers
COOK wishes a situation. Address box 33"R
Call office. '
YOUNG man would like place to drive lleht
wagon. Box 3322. Call offlce. g
WANTED— A position as salesman in whole-
sale house. Box 3338. Call offlce.
MAN wants position as bellboy. J. R 90s
Market st. *
UPHOLSTERER wants work. 147 Bluxoma
etreet. -
YOUNG man wants a Job In a wholesale
house. Box 3378. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer wants position-
best references. Box 3375. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 16 years of age. wishes position
as clerk in grocery. Box 3307. Callofflce.
WOULD like Job «s hostler. W., box 3350
Call offlce.
WOULD like work as porter. Apply JAMES
HARRIS, 744 Howard st. VJ J^ M1£a
ELECTRICAL engineer would like position
large building or factory. Box 3379. Call.
BOY wants elevator Job. Box 3398, Call of-
flce. .: . •
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
houee. Box 3346., Call offlce.
WOULD like work as porter. Apply GEORGE
HAYES. 701 Howard st. ¦
EJMgI.OT__;srT WA2TTED— re— .*le-Con I
WANTED— A position by a respectable young
woman to do chamber and upstairs work;
can furnish reference and will work for
reasonable wages; also understands care of
children. Address answers care of box
8812, Call offlce. .
WANTED— Eastern seamstress, perfect fitter,
cutter and designer, would accept engage-
ments at your home. Address box 3S57, Call.
YOUNG lady deslre s position as stenographer;
salary $25. with chance of advancement.
Box 3826. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day,
washing, ironing or housework. 733 Steven-
son st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
washing. Ironing or housework. 776 Howard
st. and 189 Fourth st.
A LADY wishes place for nursing or light
housekeeping. 232 Francisco st., city.
WANTED — By a neat young girl, second work;
wages $20. Box 3S25. Call.
JAPANESE girl wants a position to do cook-
Ing or housework In family; good experience.
IS Lewis place.
JAPANESE young girl desires position at
washing or housework in family; under-
«l«nda sewing; small wages. 879 Hayes st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
EMJI.OYMEITT WABTTEP — MAIE.
MIDDLE-AGED- German-American, educated
and of pleasant manners, wishes a position '
as gardener; understands his business; both
vegetable and flower gardening; Is of kind
disposition; willing and veiy obliging; also
understands care of domestic animals; ha«
a fair musical education and loves children;
summer resort or private family. Box S345,
Call offlce.
WANTED — By a reliable man and wife, s> po-
sition as working foreman on stock, grain
or fruit ranch; thoroughly understands ranch
work of all kinds; wife will cook for a few
men; man capable taking entire charge. Ad-
dress Farmer, box 2S54. Call.
YOUNG advertising man going to Orient will
take advertising matter for distribution in
Manila, Nagasaki and Honolulu; reasonable
rates. Box 3S79. Call offlce.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
• and detaller; IS years' experience; mining,
stationery, power plants, factories: wants
work at home. Address box 3432. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as, bookkeeper and general
office man; thoroughly posted in all modern
! systems; good writer, rapid and accurate;
excellent references. AddreES box 2945, Call.
PRINTER — First -class Job compositor, capable
of taking charge of an offlce. wishes steady
position in a country printing offlce. Box
i SSS9. Call office^
! POSITION wanted by a middle-aged man as
night watchman; 10 years' reference. Ad-
dress B. HESS, care of Chutes Co., Fulton
street and Tenth avenue.
A MIDDLE-AGED German, handy and willing
worker, would like a place in some whole-
sale house; very reasonable wages expected.
Box 2S3«. Call.
j MECHANICAL draughtsman wants situation
to do tracing or plain detail; anything with
chance of advancement accepted. G. WEBB,
819 OFarrell st.
AN all-round machinist, experienced In set-
ting up machinery, would like a Job; city or
country: Al reference. Address Machinist,
737 Harrison st., basement.
j POSITION wanted by a first-class general
machinist with 20 years' experience; flrst-
clats references. Address A. B., box 2823,
Call office
EXPERT automobile, bicycle and lawn mower
repairer wishes work; can run a machine;
can also cut children's hair. Box 1278, Call
offlce, Oakland.
SWISS couple would like to get a place In the
country^ woman is good plain cook, man Is
regular farmer: worked 5 years for the came
j party. Call 547 Stevenson St., near Seventh.
i HARDWORKING, steady, reliable married
man desires employment of any kind; handy
with tools and a good driver. Call or ad-
: dress G. E.. 122SB Hampshire St.. upstairs.
1 MIDDLE-AGED, steady man wants work;
hostler or stableman In city; small stable
preferred; references. Address box 157(5,
IOCS Market st.
A REFRIGERATING and . electrical engineer
wishes position; 20 years' experience: not
ifra!d of work. Address Engineer, 807
Call building.
' WANTED — By an Englishman, a. place of
trust; is good cook, gardener, can raise
poultry, milk, etc.; good references. Box
3487. Call offlce.
j BOOKKEEPER — Responsible ycuns man
wishes position as bookkeeper or offlce as-
sistant: references. Box 1279 Call Offlce,
Oakland.'
i YOUNG man wants position 4 or 6 hours, day
or night; wages reasonable; references fur-
I nished. Address box 3S94, Call offlce.
j BOY of 1C living with parents would like a
position in wholesale house. Address box
3S4G. Call office.
BARBER wants 6teady position in city or
country. Address J. A. WEBB. 769 Me-
; Allister St.
; YOUNG man desires position In wholesale
i house with chance of advancement. Box
3353. Call office.
I YOUNG man with four years' experience
wishes position in law office: operates type-
writer. Box 3334. Call office.
• WANTED — A situation as salesman In a
1 wholesale rtore; best of city references. Ad-
j dress box 3371, Call office.
I POSITION city salesman to call on retail
grocers: be?t references; long experience.
Box o344. Call office.
I YOUNG man wishes position In hardware
I store; 4 years' experience. Address box
3327. Call offlce.
LAW clerk of country town wishes position
In city -with chance to study; operates type-
writer. Box 33S2, Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation in grocery by a strictly
sober and reliable man; married. Box 3402,
Call offlce.
AN experienced porter wishes a position of
any kind. Call or write I. A. D., 1022 Jack-
fin street.
YOUNG strong man wants work as laborer.
A. HURYCH. 19«4 Moss St., bet. Sixth.
Sc\-enth and Howard ets.
j WANTED — Position as clerk In lodging hou«e
j by good paperhanger. Address Paperhanger
446 Jessie s^
A YOUNG man wants a situation on ranch:
willing to work for reasonable wages. Box
3461. Call office.
PRINTER— Young pressman, 4 years' experi-
¦ ence wishes steady position; wages $9 a
week. Box 3454. Call offlce.
OLD gentleman wishes position In German
family: references: willing to work for board
and lodging. Box 3431, Call office.
A COUNTRY boy, 17 years old. would II kc po-
«ition to work before and after school. Box
342.J. Call offlce.
SPECIALTY salesman; well known with re-
tall trade In city and vicinity;* references
and bond. Box 34SG. Call offlce.
PRACTICAL all-around Jobbing gardener
wishes work by the day: Jobbing of any kind
taken. GARDENER, 2028 Ellis St.
YOUNG man wishes work of any kind; honest
und sober and well recommended; would like
work in wholesale house. Box 3853, Call.
EXPERIENCED grocery man, capable of man-
aging first-class business; references; bond.
Box 3493. Call offlce.
AN experienced shipping clerk would like a
position at once; best Of ref. W. B., box
¦MS». Call offlce. _^
STEADY, sober man wants work as hostler
or stableman; private stable preferred; ref-
erences. Box 2934. Call offlce.
A 15- YEAR-OLD boy wants a position as an
apprentice boy; machine shop preferred; best
references. J. F., box 2935. Call office.' r
SITUATION wanted N by first-class butter-
' maker, creamery operator and manager. Ad-
dress L. H. REINEL, 465 Natoma st.
BUTLER, first-class references, wishes situa-
tion, city or country. Address Butler; phone
Main 1304.
ELDERLY carpenter wants employment; coun-
try residence preferred. Address German-
American, 3100 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work as stable-
man or hostler In small stable. In 'or near
city. Box 26, Call.
WANTED— By a young man, an opportunity
to learn the label lithographing trade. Box
343S. Call office.
CARPENTERS and contractors — Plans fur-
nished, also Jobbing done. Shops. 1412
Leavenworth st
POSITION wanted as farm * hand . on large
farm In California. Address 5'J7 Harrison st.
BOY (17) wishes position of any kind; best
references given. l>ox 3410. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man. sober and reliable; good ref.;
wants job at ouce. Box 3499, Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SUNDAY;; JULY 31, 1904;
46
BOOMS rO3Bt HOTJ SEgEjEPINQ— Con.
ELEVENTH. ll_i,i — Sunny furnished rooms fcr
housekeeping.
ELLIS, 505 — 4 large and sunny nicely fur-
nished rooms en suite for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 114 — Large bay-window rooms; also
housekeeping rooms.
FIRST. 321 (RIncon Hill)— Parlor floor: large
sunn_y rooms, partly furnished; rent reason-
able.
FOLSOM. S63 — Large sunny front bedroom, and
front kitchen, complete housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for ht>u»e-
- keeping; also single- rooms.
GEARY, 1635 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range; all complete;
private; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Pleasant furnished
rooms; nice location; reasonable prices. Call.
GOLDEN GATE. 633^ — Slny. front rooms, light
hskpg-. for limited numbexj $S; other rms *5.
HAIGHT, 3. lacing Market st.— Large sunny
front room with kitchen, gas range, ,Tor light
housekeeping.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nlahed for housekeeping; rent $15.
HAYES. 617 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing.
HAYES, 957 — 3 nice light rooms, facing street,
fcr housekeeping: rent $7 50. Bet. 9-11. 3-5.
HOFK ave.. 31 — 2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, front and back parlor.
HOWARD. 737% — Nice front 3uite for house-
keeping; other rooms $L 5O per week up.
HOWARD. 822 — Suite housekeeping rooms.
IROQUOID Apartment— -Thre« unfurnished
roorc»; housekeeping. MRS. MOORE.
JESSIE 333 — Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping; gas range; $3 50 week.
¦
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Ptne—
Sunny furnished 3-room suits: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reaa.
LAGUNA, 1C27 — S sunny rooms; eomplet* for
housekeeping.
1_VGUNA, 1507— A cozy apart, of 3 «-_nr con-
necting rooms; private; modem; all eon«
vealences; reasonable.
LARKIN, 706 — Lars* sunny front room aal
kitchen: s!n_le rooms in rear.
LARKIN. 8C4 — Sunny single back room;
housekeeping if desired; $3 mont_.
LEAVENWORTH. 221 — Kouse_aept_« rooma>
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat»
sves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reaa.
LYON*. IS 10 — Handsome sunny rooms, _nfur-
nlshed; bath; connecting: rent $15.
MARKET. 1654 — Housekeeping room* te let.
MARKET. 1S24 — Nicely furnished sunny con-
necting bay-window housekeeplns rooms.
MARKET. 1654 — Housekeeping rooms to UL
McALUSTER, 30^ — Nicely furnished *anny
room for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 6S3— Two large unfurnished
rms. for hskpg. ; reg kitchen. Call befor* 4.
MINNA, 514^ — Housekeeping room* to let.
MINNA. 6R5 — Sinzle front roomtj also light
housekeepins rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. 1433 — On« sunny front room for
housekeeping; gas and running watar; rent
reasonable.
MISSION. 1543— Room with ~s» of kitchen.
MISSION. 1905 — Room with outside kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping; gas range; phone.
NA.TOMA, 203. corner 3d — Furnished house-
keeping suits: also single.
N ATOM A, 613 — Housekeeping room or single.
NINTH. "7 — Three rooms for housekeeping;
nicely' furnished; rent cheap. •
OAK. 117. 533 McAllister — Rooms. compl«t»;
t5 to iVJ: ga» range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407— $4 month; bath; runny and clean.
See Sundays or 6 pr m. week days.
OCTAVIA. 411 — 2 roonw, completa hoaseksep-
ing. $10 or $12: call Monday.
OCTAVIA. 1151 — 2 nicely fum. sunny salts;
gas ranges; bath; phone; other'sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Housekeeping room—, com-
plete in every respect: suites $2O bd.
O'FARRELL, 917 — 3 elegantly furnished rooms
for housekeeping. $25. and 2 rooms for $20.
O'FARRELL. 1394-1393 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny, front housekeeping rooms.
PINE. 7CS — Two furni»hed rooms for house-
keeping.
PINE 1733 near Franklin — 1. 2 or S room,
fluitea; new flat: all conveniences; reasonable.
POLK. 917 — Sunny furnished room for house-
keeping: gaa stove.
POST. 41S— Front suite of rooms, suitable for
business or living rooms; also hskps rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 149O — Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; running -water; gas stoves;
reasonable.
SHOTWELL. 1013^— Furnished roota to 1st.
SIXTH. 215*4 — * unfurnished rooms for house-
, keeping to let.
SIXTH. 40t>U — Sunny housekeeplns suite; pri-
vate family: with use of organ.
SOUTH PARK. 137 — 2 or 3 nicely f_rnl»h«d
sunny, front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
STANYAN. 1111 — Upper floor. 4 large unfur-
nished rocm«; bath, pantry: rent reas.:adults.
SUNNY suit of two large connectlnr rooms;
very desirable. 1411 Geary st.
SUTTER, 23S3 — 2 or 4 rooms; bath; gas stove;
laundry; adults; call 10 to 4.
TAYLOR. 515B — Two lovely furnished housed
keeping rooms at the beach.
TEH AM A. 154— Furnished room to 1«_
TENTH. 421 — 3 sunny front rooms. furn!s_ed
housekeeping: bath; $15; 12 to 1, after 8.
THIRTEENTH. 232 — Ono or two rooms fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
TURK. 4 11 A — Nic» sunny housekeeping rooms.
$10 to $20 a month; single rooms, $t> and up.
TURK, 544 — 2 nicely furnished housekeeplns
rooms; running water; batif; reasonable.
TURK. 1147 — Elegant new suites; unfur.,. sun-
ny; view Jefferson Square: choice location.
TURK. 1422 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas ran_e.
TWELFTH. 115 — Nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 2C2— 3 ntcs housekeepins suite;
sunny; _as; laundry; adults.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2321. opp. new carhouse —
Light housfkeepfns rooms for rent.
rWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Housekeeping rooms
to rent. __^
TWENTY-THIRD. 3173, near Howard— Two
front rooms for light housekeeping.
VALLEY. 61. above San Jose ave.— -3 sunny
rooms with yard. i ;¦*;-,=
VAN NES3 ave. 232 — FuT. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-room suites; $B. $10. $16. $13.
WEBSTER. 614 — Six furnished rooms, witti
use of kitchen: $30.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
APABTMTNT HOUSES.
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK.
4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
commands an unsurpassed view of the entire
city, ocean and bay; your inspection solicit-
ed; best of references required*
MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ALSO FREE and for EXCLUSIVE use of
-. the LESSEES, unique GRILL, - complete in
every detail, a charming place tr> entertain
cne's friends. BILLIARD and CARD ROOil
adjoining.
A— CHESTERFIELD. 637 Bush— New Modern
house: 8-4 room apts. ; furn. or unfurn.; rea.
A — Whitefleld. 1228 McAllister: elestant sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable: adults.
A— OCTAVIA. 1423 — Most ?e!cet apartment
house in city; 3-4 rooms; elegantly furnished.
; BELGRAVIA APTS POLK. NR. CLAY— 2-:J
r.: $15 up; gaa stoves; baths; tel. Polk IOCS.
*~ MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
I Cor. Pine and Taylor sts. ; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
\ . _ — __
1 ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
roorr :s: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOX SENTINO AGH3TCT.
WE rer.t your rooms; hundreds of roomers call-
ins dully; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
!__• Advertisers, 117 Sutter st.jpaono Clay 99_
M-SCE-i-iANEO XTS— FOB SAIiH — Con.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
W. "W." GREENER 'hammerless shotgun; 12
fct-uge. ' Room 30. . 921 Broadway. Oakland. ;
HORN saddle for sale; _ bargain: $8. Stock-
yard. 1694 San Bruno ave., near Army st.
; BABY'S reclining .* go-cart carriage; almost
: _new; parasol top. ; HS% Oak st.
A SET of cigar stand fixtures with Iron gate*;
fit in any corner;- chtap. Call at 105 Mason.
'FOR sale-- White bull terrier doe. 18 months
old/ Inquire 759 Harrison *t., city.
1 PROITTY half press, In excellent condition;
1 also individual motor for same. Box 3393, Call
PIGEONS — Homers $8 doz.. runts $3 pair,
maltese $4 50, crosses $1 50. Box 2347, Call.
; 50- VOLT, 10-1(5 c.p. .generator,' almost new,
i • very cheap. . DELTNER, 118 Front st.
¦ SECOND-HAND lumber, lath. sash, doors,
plumbing material, etc. Dolan Co., 1607 Mkt.
AVIARY. 44 Inches long. 56 high. 24 wide,
i very cheap. . 1490 Sacramento st.
; HOLSTE1N cow, at once; gives 18 quarts
i dally. 1)00 Church st.- \
' $3 — SINGEIl Sewlns Machine for sale; In nice
condition. 60S Ellis st. ...
[ FRENCH i-late mirror, 58x29 Inches, cheap.
Box 3845, Call office.
CANDY maker's outfit: must sell by Monday;
i will sell cheap. 1695 Folsom St.
CHOICE homera cheap; runt crosses $150 pr. ;
other fancy varieties. C.Wllson.229 Stevenson.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN, 133 Montgomery st.
! FOR sale — First-class .new bricks. Apply DR.
ii C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021^ Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
j hand. I. FREEMAN. - 1329 Market st.
SAFES and decks; new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
Kaiupi, moved .to 7S6 Mission st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK^ & CO.. 122 Mkt.
I SAFES— New and. second-hand. . THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
! bargains. BuIIard & Breck, 131 Post st.
' GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
I MISCEI.-.ANEOPS WANTS.
I E1G "prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
; monds, gents' full dress suits, etc. ; send
, postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 2j
Stockton st. :
WANTED — To lease for term of years, good
ground' for duck hunting during season.
Gun Club, 770 O'Farrell st.
: 100 MEN wanted to blow the fog oft Twin i
i Peaks' to find the Cook's Water Depot; wagea
no object.
i ,
WANTED — Photograph studio; State location |
and price; must be cheap for cash. Address :
i H. W. D.. Box 3406. Call. - - ¦
! _______________________________________ I
GOOD horce: 2-seated family rig and harness; J
must be In Al condition: suot cash. Box
o3C0. Call. t
A — Morris wants 2-hand clothing, fancy ladles' j
dresses. Tuxedo suits, etc. ; postal. 943 Folsom. :
WANTED — Second-hand safe; must be cheap. I
Apply Armstrong & Breeser. 129 East Et. ,
WANTED — Dark, hard,Wood, ornamental % \
folding bed. 30ft Larkin St., box 17, descrip.
WANTED — To buy 2 No. 3 Folding Eastman
. Kodaks; cheap. Box 3331 Call office. j
. : i . j
i BUYERS for Veil of Isis send one dime Book j
Concern, 5C9 Van Ness ave. I
I ENGINEER'S transit for sale. A. B. CONE.
! ' 411 Market st. |
i WANTED — Second-hand Boehrn flute. Box!
2S29, Call offlce. . . ¦ !
WANTED — To rent; a large cellar. 1106 |
Powell st.
WANTED — Four good second-hand steam beer !
pumps. Address box 3329, Call offlce.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825: 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Sth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D. !
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MONEY TO -O AN. '
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
ttc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
. Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
. or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particular?
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490. Call offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY- respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry.' at 2
i per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store, I
t>40 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third. !
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins !
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected ;
lrom burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND I
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business in 46
- principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United ton and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
Bt. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484. ¦ '
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on lurniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
. quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery s_.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan an-1
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton 'st.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 14U Phelan building.
| LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market St., suite 31
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
J employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Rfc. 'bldg.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON- furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average . rooms, ble pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; planoa for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2, a large number of good ones at
:, $2 50 per. mo. ; . our own make pianos at $3
per.rr.o. (tl.e best instrument offered for the
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegrart large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all or them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one years
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
. CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 0CQ..64 Hayes . st.
A- FEV- exceptional bargains; - all uprights:
-Heine grand. $475; Gabler, $350; Krell. $375:
H?ine. $235; Steinway. $325; Mason & Ham-
1 in, $285: Knabe. $160: Fischer. $115: Behr
Bros.. $1S7; Crown, $140; Klmball. $65; Em-
erson. $125; Occidental. $40; Conrard. $97;
Collard, $55; investigate t our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE :
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.: Oakland. ,
- 1252 Broadway. ¦
A BUNCH of^uprights; easy payments.
Erard; small upright fpr practice.. $40
Woodwnrth. Allovon; splendid order. .....$C5
Wagner: perfect condition; a snap ...$110
Neumann; mahogany case; a bargain. .. .$125
Estey: .'mahogany case; perfect order.. .$lt)O
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.,10 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free for one month; If you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237* Geary st.
AT. auction.' upright grand piano, on' the prem-
ises, 2518 Octavla St., Tuesday, Augus("2, 12
| o'clocR ' a; , m. . WILSON. .Auctioneer.
SLIGHTLY ' used - pianos and piano players
from . the " late ; Mauvals Music Company at
half original prices. . 1919 Mission st. ;
§325 UPRIGHT, mahogany case; slightly used;
¦ - $167 : * easy payments. 1919 : Mission st.
IiOST AND POUNP— Contlnned. ¦
LOST— July 27. hand satchel on Julian ave. or
Fourteenth and Mission sts. Please return to
49 Julian ave. ; reward. " ' . - : - ¦ "'¦-
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must self; 2. stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
. Sutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— A passbook'wlth the Hibernia Savings •
and- Loan Society of San ; Francisco In the '
name of GEORGE WELHELM CEDER. j
No: 274-1262. The finder will please return!
to bank. . I
LOST— Thursday, a cameo brooch. Return to
1714 Van Ness ave. and receive liberal re-
ward.
LOST — Wednesday, a gold chain bracelet: small
diamond in the padlock. Return to Chron-
Icle A-athier and receive reward. .
I»ATJNCH_iS FOB HlgS.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot or Clay
St.: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 53*.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf : boat-
ing A- excursions 5 Steuart st. :tel. John 2686.
_____ MATRIMONIAL. ¦
A RESPECTABLE, sober widower, age 30, no
children, owning small home wnd business,
would Hke to correspond with a young widow
or working girl; object matrimony. Address
box 3S4S. Call office. ¦ ¦
AMERICAN gentleman 38, honorable and well
educated, machinist by trade and employed |
constantly, have some means, and wish the
acquaintance of a lady; object matrimony.
Box 1008. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN, 34, neat and refined, with a
good home, wishea to meet a lady about
same age; a good housekeeper and with some
means: object matrimony. Address box 226t,
Call offlce. . : - ¦
A PROFESSIONAL rentleman, 29, owns good ;
ij income property in this city, would like to
• make acquaintance of a young lady; object
matrimony. Box 2221. Call offlce. £
GENTLEMAN who has the agency for well
selling article wishes to meet a lady about
30. with some means; object matrimony.
Answer box 2S09, Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN. 45, with some means, wishea i
! to mtet a young lady or widow with means.
Address box 192-1. Call offlce.
YOUNG lad>',~brunette 26 years old. would i
like to correspond with gentleman; object |
matrimony. Box 22SS, Call office. ¦
i A WIDOW, 42, and~a7{rood housekeeper, would j
like to correspond with a gentleman; object
matrimony. Box 19C0, Call office. |
YOUNG lady, well educated, has some means, |
would like to meet an honorable gentleman; !
object, matrimony. Box 1009, Call offlce. %,
i WANTED — To . form the acquaintance of
young widow; ohject matrimony. Address
box 3017. Call office.
HONORABLE young man. Cape Nome ($1000). j
corresp. # working i©.rl; ob. matrl. Box 3306, Call j
MARRIAGE bureau; established 17 years; con- !
flden.; ladies' list 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 700 Ellis.
ENGINEER desires acquaintance of young j
. lady; object, matrimony. Box 2997, Call. . j
GET married; Join the Leap Year Club; no list;
no publicity. Particulars box 3S32. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-r-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any .address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
- / ' -TEDICAIi.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods j
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- :
orbltatit Tees. CONSULTATION AND AD- I
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8. |
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me. '
Relief for Irrezularitles. Help for the un- j
fortunate. My entire time Is devoted to ;
these conditions. I'm positively the only
GRADUATE physician here who can say !
this. Call or write. Advice free. Est. 14 yrs. !
DR. R. H. WESTON. offlce 305 KEARNY. j
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist, for all female
: complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
| guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2S Post st. j
i MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- j
male troubles and Irregularities; instant r«- |
lief guaranteed. lOOSii Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of- price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female j
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-"
nite helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st.
LADIES' irresrularitles from any cause, cured
In one day: no drugs; no operations; strictly
private; advice free: hours, 9 to 9.
PR. SYLVESTER, offlce 219 Kearney st.
I DR. MARY ADAM— Lady specialist for all
j female trouble: consultation free. 6C9A El-
: 11s St.; phone Polk 1754.
i MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
* original method of treatment. 112(5 Market.
I LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny £ Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the '
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MINES AND MINING.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 539-543
Croi-sley bide.. Pacific States Mln. A Inv Co.
MI8CEI.I.ANEOTTS— FOBSALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH,& WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
i " . _^
1 110 IN. mangle; Crawford.
1 90 in. manjtle: Troy.
2 48 In. by 16 ft. boilers; 105 No. Hartford. _
1 en_ine'.
3 pumps; Worthlneton. '
4 aoa ? tanks.
1 scale.
1! slilrt Irons; Troy. ' '
' 1 collar and cuff machine.
3 \va_ons.
1 buggy.
1 starcher.
200 feet line, shaft and pulleys.
1 lot beltln_.
,1 lot pine and fittings.
5 washers.
3 extractors.
_ body Ironcrs. _ ¦
1 blower.
1, plunger feed pump.
1 starch kettle. !
2 wooden water tanks.- •
1 4000-eallon oil tank.
Oheaa: cash or time. |
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130 Beale st.,S.F.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. In Tolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW; 253-255 Spear St.
FOR sale — A complete course of electricity In
the International Correspondent School. Call j
or address J. G. McKEMZIE, 6b'u Howard st. i
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small ' weekly or !
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs. ' . ' '¦ - ~- i
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
nults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
': (small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents', full-flress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs. - .' : ' - ' ' . -'- ¦.'¦¦" . : ¦ ¦¦
TO motormen and gripmen. E a heavy. Eastern
beaver : overcoat or ulster with high collar
for sale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st.
ELECTRIC elevator complete: motor, drum,
cables, etc. United Electric Co.. 307 Sacra-
mento st. ,. ; . . .
FINE' folding trap- and good harness, to-
1 gether or separ., for sale; cht^ip. 4509.18th.
_____ t -
FOR sale-- Yorkshire pups. 1810^ Post s t-
SECOND HAND lumber, eash, doors, Dlumb-
lng material. , etc. THE DOLAN CO.. 1607
Market st. - • ¦ ¦ ¦ - ..--¦"•
LINOTYPE, used only about 3 years; great
bargain. Address box 3409. Call offlce.
NOE Valley Hatchery— Chicks, 10c each. 3933
23d.' cor. Noe, or Inquire at . grocery.
ORGAN, and sewing machine, almost new." for
sale cheap; ¦ private house. 40C$_ Cth st.
K7Z«P WANTSD— -PE-IAIiE— Con. j
WANTED"— For dty. Monday morning, ««eond |
R'.rl. $25; waltrees, $S a week; waitress, cafe. I
f 7 a week, no Sunday work; girl to clear off j
<iifc_es la cafe, $7 a week; nurse. »orae eew-
I&C C2B; five c-ambermalds and waitresses
:n city. $25; 18 *lris for general housework
:a verr alc« families In city. $25 and $30;
cook. German style, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROEETT A CO., 884 Sutter st. |
WANTED— Cook, ehcrt orders, country. $36;
Scandinavian or German girt for housework,
country. 3 In family. $30; 4 waitresses for
country hotels. $25; girts for housework, with
and without washing, for Alameda *-£.
Berkeley $25. Martin** 125. San Jose $30.
Larkspur $25. Mill Valley $25 Bel^re
$30; eecond girls. Menlo Park $25. Frultyale
$25; Protestant chambermaid
Burllmarae. *25, Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 534 Butter st, __,
A PANTRY maid for hotel at Lake Tahoe:
beet of warea; a first-class lron«r for earn* j
clac*. 140 a month, board and room. \ a
lady's malfi, city. $30; a waitress and par-
lormaid. $20: a nurse for Inrant. $26. MISS
PLUNKXTT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED— By whole-ale house, a responsible
womtn ef good addr«*»: one who can be de-
veloped In bosteees and be •° t " 1 « ted £"£
m-nagement of department. Box 2S14, caJt.
WANTED— Saleslady for retail crockfry •*<>*«:
eteady position: moderate wages, with cnance
cf advancement; give reference. _tpertence
and wages expected. 2S3L Call office.
TEN" l_dl©« of good address for canvassing
proposition: no previous experience neces-
sary. $5. $6 dar positively guaranteed. Box j
3316. Call office. .
WE ar* prepared to supply very p «*»*"•
permanent employment to ladies; $10 to *30
weekly comfortably possible. Kushion Kom-
fort Shoe Co- 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cat
T r i*T>rr*si t» do piecework home: we furnish
materials and pey $7 to $12 wee_ly. 8end
¦tanttwd envelox* Royal Ct>.. 34 E. Monroe
eU. Chicago. _,
FIRST-CLASS cook. German satlonailty;
wages $35; t_re« In family. Call 2S81 Wash-
ington St.. between 8 a. m. and 12; car fare
paid.
WANTED--AS commercial traveler by promi-
nent bustoess house, bright, •enslbl* woman
not under 28. Box S4S&. Call office.
YOUNG lady with local experience to tend va-
riety store: references. Apply Sunday aftei*-
noon. 111 Got:gh Et. p
A TYPEWRITER wanted: $15 per month to
commence; advancement; permanent. Box j
2&SS. Call office. j
WANTED— A youns girl to do general house- !
work; reed not cock. Call at 1831 Eddy St.; j
small family. !
WANTED — Experienced and Inexperienced j
bindery tfrlg. Apply to SANBORN. VAIL '
& CO.. 741 Market st. '- I
LADIES from the country desiring employ- i
meet write or call afternoons, room 103, i
4S0 Elite st. i
TAILORXSS wanted at 22C2 Mission st. Ap- j
ply at once. ' j
WANTED — Al saleslady for millinery. Apply
ISO S:xt_ st. v *'s: !
GIRL to mind baby: wages $10 month. Ad-
dreas box 3459. Call office.
GIRL to mind baby; good home; $10 month.
Address box 345*. Call office.
GIRLS wantod. 113 D-vls St.. FREYGANG. j
LEARY CO. i
WASTED- Girl for general housework; good i
¦wages. Call Monday. 645 Shrader st. j
WANTED — Servant girl. Apply 703 Webster I
street. j
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custcm pants; steady ',
work; good pay. 411*j Kearny St., top floor. !
WANTED — A young girl to learn tailoring; I
pay to start. 509 Kearny St., room 6. ;
WOMAN for general housework. Call 10 to 12,
1910 Valltjo St., cor. Octavla.
A KINDERGARTEN teacher. Apply Monday ]
morning. 2534 Pine st. I
GIRL to assist at dressmaking. 2S30 Golden j
Gate ave., near First ave. ;
GIRL fcr confectionery; must be experienced !
and have references. Address 1247 Polk •_ j
WANTED — Experiencc-d saleswoman. Apply i
t*ttt«-n 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced millinery trimmer.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALC
EROS.' !
WANTED— Experienced millinery trimmer to j
ro to Sacramento. Apply between 9 and 11 ;
a. rn. at HALE BROS.' j
LADIES to learn barber trade, hairdrfsslng, j
manicuring and facial massage; only eight '
¦weeks required: positions secured: catalogue ,
Kree. MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE 635
Clay gt. j
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl: downstairs ;
work and cooking; wages $25. 225 Dolores st. •
rXPERIEXCED bag operators wanted. Ill i
C:ay st. ;
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in August. •
V."r:te E. Clemens Hortt. 122 Battery st.,S.K. j
A BRANCH offlce tor Call advertisements and I
subscriptions h£s been established at IV.W ¦
Valencia fct.
HEL? WANTED— ____.
rOPEN SUNDAY. 10 TO 12.)
AT HOUlJ & SMITH'S. BS THIRD ST.
LaV-ntr. ?2 25. far* JOc. |
TMunttt-rt. fCTazscr work, $2 25, fare 10c. i
r-t-rai-er foreman, &3. boss here.
Uench hand, city. $:» 00.
«"arpcnt<s-r, cour.try, $¦».
Man to carry sign. city. $7.
Nevad-. teiimFters, *2 25, long job. ':
l-dilnTer* tor pii^line, south, (2 23.
South'-rn California, famtters, $2; fee $1. ',
WAITED— Two l<ookkeeper«". *50, $65.
Tv.o stenographers. *4O. $75.
Floorwalker, dry «oodF. $7j.
Printer's na-letman, city. $1?.
Printer and ruler, out of city, $IS. I
Jewelry saletrr_n, city.
etnmg boy, candy helper. $7.
fclx b-jys, lfi to 18 yearK. $i. $6. j
uluro Open Sunday till 2 p. m.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYE.*' RECORD CO., j
50» Hearst Building.
- i
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st.: French
i-ook, plain restaurant. $60; cook, small
boarding-house, $:>5; 2d cook, $80; waiter,
family hotel. $30; waiter. $» a week; ser-
Pvunt for doctor's effk-'e and -rooms, $20 and
found; cishwash'.r. nice country hotel, $25,
etc. •
MEN to learn barb?r trade: only eight weeks
rc-quired ; constant practice and expert in- !
struction: ix>sitions secured; special induce- I
ments Data month: catalogue mailed free. :
Moler Sy««rn College. 633 Clay St.
ONE first-class band Fawyer.
Ons Jim-class ttlcker hand.
One Mm-elae* »a*h and door man.
KC Mutual Bank bldg.. S. F.. Monday a. m.
WANTED— Retail salesman^ familiar with
srocery or crockery business; steady position;
_I\t reference, extieripjice and wages ( x-
pected. A«idresa box 3403, Call orfice.
WANTED— Dentist: gocd crown and" bridge
*vorV.er sn«1 rood extractor: $25 to $33 per
week MTHIFFMAN DENTAL CO.. Los
Ansc!es, Ca!. ,-;¦ : W,-.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters~home
evening?; f3 50 weekly. t?end addressed en-
velop; for particulars. Manager Dent S4
box 1411. Phi:adfr! P hla. Pa. "' '
DETECTIVES — Intelligent, energetic men
wanted throughout the coast under our In-
» tn 2f a 2I! s; «!^ w E >' stesn - Detective Agency, !
EXPERIENCED salesman for hat store want-
A a^y_s_^s? r -ca i> 5£r and """¦"•
B^^ R P ,' 2 , cbalr »: 2 furnished living
. C^° < _a' B ? P:?60:OWnerleaV -
W f^i^f D ~ I Tfi? erie , aoe<1 plSLtea crewman: one
familiar with color work. Apply to SA\"-
BORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 M_rket -I
M i-^ l 0r i o *m t >, W< £V, CMb builBe «: Kuarante*
STRONG boy of 16 to 18 to make himself use-
IV* SSUT"- E - r - w " *-'™-« co .
A *cfflcI* DlS b ° r Want * L A** 1 * b0 * 3401. Call
WANTED — Errand boy. A. PPDrtot t
BRO.. 1450 Market st. ' BER BTOT &
WANTED— Bright errand bar: steady position.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 233 PoVt et.
BEST paylnr l-c!iair barber shop in the Mis-
sion for aale. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
OLD handy man around place; good home-
fair wages. Box 3476. Call office. uo ™ e *
fclAN with rig can make $7 a day ear- p« r
tlcular* box 3451. Call office,
WANTED— Man to do rough work on ranch
Address box 2942, Call offlce. -»ncn.
BOY to feed press; experienced. Call Monday
410 Kearny sit. ?
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 813 Mar-
ket -t. ' ;
ETRONG boy -ranted. O'NEILU 25 6teuart.
JJANTED— Experienced silk salesman; retail
dry roods bouse: references required. Ad-
Crest box ZS1S. Call office.
M USZCAXi IWSTBTTMEjN_Tj5— Conttoned.
WEBER square piano; In Al condition; $40; j
easy payments.. 1919 Mission st. !
BEAUTIFUL mahogany piano. $225; sell ac-
count departure. -Mrs. Rubin. 1027 Capitol av.
A FISCHER upright piano for Bale; as good as
new: $135. 237
$60 FOR a fiue upright. If you want a bargain
ca II at HORNUNG'3. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMEK. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. J^3j___^_s____
NEW upright pianos sold en $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stei/rway up. Chlckertng baby grand;
AHhoninscr. llttle_used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'FarrelL
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In ta«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OPriCES AND STORES TO 1ST.
FINE" large hall for dances, meetings, etc 1-3 !
times a week. 1107 Market st.. room B. J
STORE suitable for dressmaker or ladles'
tailor; $3. 1703 Fillmore gt.
TO rent — Store and 2 rooms. 1612 Leavenworth.
cor. Bernard, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney.-at-law. 6 Hobart bids.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND STJE.GEOI7S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence. |
102m Market St.. bet. 6th and 7tb; partlcu- j
lar attention paid' to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WON G~~HIM, herb doctor,
treaui all diseases of the lriman body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now to-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctojr — All dis-
eases cured by Chines* herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR WONG HON. 319 Powell «t.. tea and herb
.sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PERSONALS. v^
A— MME. GILL1NGHAM.
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell St., between O'Furrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove . every wrinkle,
crowsfeet. bagglness of tlw eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox pittings, etc. ; makes
you a new facs, with genuine baby akin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mail or person; I will take patients for
the next 3i> days at greatly reduced rates.
ANY Information concerning the whereabouts
of EDWARD M. TIERNEY, who, when last
heard from, nearly two years ago, was in
Los Angeles. Cal.. will ba thankfully re-
ceiveil by his sister. JULIA A. COLEMAN. v
Anoka. Minnesota.
THE FOUNDATIONS OF LIFE.
An exposition of the nature, origin and des-
tiny of man. Nothing like It has appeared in
print since "The Vestiges of Creation."
Sent to any address on receipt of price. 25c,
by J. BALL. 1073^ Market St.. S. F. I
WE secure pensions for soldiers and patents '
for inventors; we also Incorporate compa- j
nles: full particulars free. FREER St
BARTLOW. Washington. D. C.
SHOULD this come under the eye of JAMES
H. jO'MEARA or any of his acquaintances :
will confer a favor on his widowed mother i
bf addressing MRS. M. McEVOY/, Wenat-
ehee. Chelan County, Washington.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by P.OWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
and itching scadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- j
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest metn-
<cds; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box 3234, Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth at.. Oakland.
I WILL send free book telling how to make $1 j
earn $10; larger amounts in proportion; send j
no money. J. LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan
St.. Chicago.
PROF. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist: modern
face treatments; superfluous hair removed;
finest stock of creams. 327 Geary St., opp.
St. Francis. Open Sunday.
SOMETHING new, unique. Invaluable; Mrs. j
J. M.. Woods' initial appearance: rheumatic !
specialist; Persian system of scientific maa- '
t-age; open Monday. 371 Geary st.
LADY FONTEROSE'S dream interpreter free
this week. Cosmetic department, 913 Mar-
ket: secure one/
AT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London '
Tailor. 721 Market st. j
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50 j
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
M . POTRERO — Am well; don't worry, Mizpah.
- MARIE.
LADY wanted to givs sittings at home for
amateur photographer. Box 3357, Call offlce.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants.$15. ,
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and Sth
¦ — i
Actina restores lost eyeslght;cures deafness and j
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia, }
MRS WHEELOCK removed (La Vertte hair-
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
STENZIE— Sure death 'to hair without Injury
to skin. Ask Dunlap Instl.,50 Geary, about It.
BEST white lead. 7c per pound: special to
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission at.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
S25O. OARIN. 13S Montgomery Bt.
SUPERFLUOUS' hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actina restores lost eyesight: cares deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. 603. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
ef _3vertiscments and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. oppositt Flftn.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
MME. FLOF.ENCE, card reader and palmist;
prices reasonable: hours 10-9. 713 California.
i Mrs.Whitney,palmIst;hcurs 10 to 12.2 to S.Sun.;
Thur. eve. readings : admission 15c. 711 Polk.
MME. NEERGARD. located at -42 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
MME. DEVAS. palmist and astrologer. Llebea
bldg.. 139 Post St.: hours. 10 to 5.
SCIENTIFIC palmist; Mme. Klmball. 701
Stockton st.
PABTNESS WANTED.
PARTNER.— Detective and collection: estab-
lished business ; small capital. McDIAR-
MID'S. 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
PARTNER wanted— $500 buys half Interest In
Al farce comedy. Address SI. K., 17 Fourth
st., city.
PHOTOGRAPH-" TAUGHT.
I CAN instruct a few more amateurs and be-
ginncrs in photography. Box 3420. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
DEVELOPING and printing wanted; reason-
able. 422 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— A place of about 25 acres; about
5 acres in vines or orchard; near R. Ii. Ad-
dress box 3435, Call offlce.
ROOlOSJE'OR^HOUSEKEEPraG.
CALIFORNIA, 1512— Elegantly furnished bed-,
room, with use of kitchen.
CALIFORNIA. 1516— Nicely furnished sunny I
alcove room; use of kitchen; private. :
CALIFORNIA. I01C— A nicely" furnished, sunny I
alcove suite: use of kitchen; private.
DUNCAN. 323 — 3 or 4 neatly furnished rooms I
for housekeeping; kitchen; gas; bath. Inquire
.240 Duncan st.
EDDY. 617 — Front and back parlors, complete; i
reasonable to permanent parties; others $7 up I
ELEVENTH, j 110— Nicely furnished /ooms for I
• housekeeping. *
I HELP WANTED— a_AI«E— -Continued.
OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY.
I A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay «t.
Phone Main 5S4S. . •
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danleh languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 W» Hoi>e to
6O.0C0 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
He has arrived. Now at our offic*.
Representative of the United States
Government work being done close to
Wadsworth. in State of Nevada.
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers. $75. See bow.
Teamsters, $75. See boss.
Laborers, $75. See boss.
Drillers, $90. See boss.
Concrete mixers. $75. ¦ See boss.
BUTCHERS. ¦
Young man, drive butcher wagon, lOo fare.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cooks, different places. $30. $50, $60.
6 waiters. $30 to $40 found.
12 dishwashers. $6. $7, $S week.
Laundryman. institution. $40.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC. I
Gang edgerman. boss here, $75.
Head donkeyman, woods, fare $2, $65 found.
Man. charge vinegar plant, $20 week.
Head lineman, woods, $75 found.
Shingle Jointer, country. 535 found.
6 iron molders.
Spooltender, lumber co., south, $50 found. -
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
Gang edgerman, lumber company. $75.
I 3 men, make staves and split staves, red-
i wood, boss here. $50 found; 2 ecrew turners.
Gang charcoal burners, 10c to 15c sack.
. FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $35. $40 found.
12 farmers, $30 and found.
14 choremen and boys. $30 to $15 and found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $60. $75.
4 farmers and wives. $40, $50. $60 and found.
LOOK— STEADY JOBS.
20 laborers, lumber co., you'll do. $60.
20 section laborers, lumber co., $2 day.
' Special fare. Special R. R, car.
23 BOYB OR YOUNG MEN.
planing mill, box factory. $30 and found.
BOSS HERE — SEE HIM.
8 machine miners, gold quartz, $.92 50.
2 firemen, oil burners, for a mine.
Chef cook, far* $5. No. 1 job. $60 and found.
Oyster and salad man, cafe. city. $10 wk. fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO LOS ANGELES, $4 60.
j By Santa Fe R. R.. 8 p. m. dally.
! 155 teamsters, $60.
"¦ The land of eunshlne. fruit and flowers.
! Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
; MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 A— 155 WOODCHOPPERS.
Tinsmith. 9-hour Job. $3 50 day.
Brick burner, boss here. $75.
i 2 plumbers, free fare, $4 day.
2 starch lroners, country laundry. $12 week.
SCANDINAVIANS.
i 10 laborers, lumber, go to-day. $35 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
I A— CHEF cook, fare $1 40. $60 found.
LOOK.
I Blacksmith, tool sharpener, Nevada. $2 day
and found.
2 painters, city, $3 day.
Gang edgerman. extra irood Job, $40 found.
Woodturner, planing mill. 20c fare, $3 50
day.
2 experienced men for bottling works, $2 day
BOYS.
8 boy*, box factory, small boys, $1 to $1 23
! a day.
; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
i 5 CARPENTERS, fare $2, $3 50 day.
LOOK.
J Baker, ices, etc., institution, $40 found.
¦ . 2 camp waiters. $25 and found.
Porter, hotel, mine town, $25 found.
Night clerk, middle-aged man, $20 found.
OREGON BORDERS.
25 laborers, no experience required, $60.
i Man and wife, orchard, wife cook, fare re-
; funded, $55 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay *\*r
S 155 ITALIANS, laborers, $60.
155 Austrians, laborers, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
• ITALIAN boy, our offlce. who lives with
i parents.
. MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay et.
! 2 HAYBALERS. heavy crop, 15c ton.
2 «oool tenders, $45 to $50 found. '
Harness maker. C. C. Co.. $30 found.
Carpenter, SOc fare, $3 SO day.
Hodcarricr, fare $1. $3 50 day.
; special.
Pastry cook, first-class country hotel, $75.
Cook, institution. $50 found.
Second cook, or cook's helper. $30 found.
; Porter, drive bus. can make $50 found.
i Cook, haysress, $30 found.
Pantryman, first-class city hotel, $25 found.
Slaughter-house butcher, feed hogs. $30 fd.
, Buggy- washer, extra, good city Job, $75.
OU Fields,
: 10 laborers, $G7 50.
i Middle aced man clerk, hotel, $20 found. !
MASSEUR SPRINGS HOTEL. i
Light wagon, 1 horse, teamster, city," $2 day. j
Nurse, city, ?75. "•
BANKING SYNDICATE. \
! 25 laborer*; no exnerience: you'll do, $07 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
Special Shipment To-day. Sunday,
TO LOS ANGELES.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st
I P.RIGHT boy. 612 Kearny st.
J PORTER for night work. 612 Kearny st.
; BOY in drug store; experience; reside with j
; parents. Northeast .corner Ellis and Mason. |
• COOK for English Ehip. HERMANS, 27 I
| St«ui>rt st. t
i A FIRST-CLASS boys' and children's clothing !
; salesman. S. N. WOOD & CO.
! AN experienced lunch cook wanted; Eteady >
• position; good wages. 100 Mission. st. '
j WANTED— First-class watchmaker for a
store. Addrees box,2S59. Call offlce.
! A YOUNG man to learn- the barber trade; ex-
j tra chance. Box 300ft, Call office.
f BOY to learn carriage blacktsmlthing; refer-
ence and wages expected. • Box ,2853. Call.
ERRAND boy; references required. Apply at
220 Sutter st.. room 33. ;
MAN with $150 cash In business will make
$10 per. Box 1590. 1008 Market st.
| FOR sale cheap — Barber shop; 1 chair; every-
thing first-class: nearest shop 2 blocks away;
sickness cause. 3216 Folsom Et.. opp. Precita. I
; FURNITURE of 1-chair barber shoD In good !
j condition; reasonable. Apply 919 Turk st. !
; FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop, cheap. Corner
j Park st. and Railroad ave., Alameda.
! SNAP— 2-chair shop; 4 living rooms; sickness, i
Box 2S27. Call. '. j ;
WANTED — Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
j circulars, samples, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Advertising Bureau, Chicago.
, i DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary; no'rx-
;: perience. Intl. Detective Agcy..Miiwaukee,Wis. :
': FIRST-CLASS cabinet stock cutter; • good
j wages. 835 Folsom st. A
I WANTED — A bright office boy. Box 3372, Call
j offlc«. ~
• CARPENTER wanted; good Jobber. Apply 1719 '
i Sacramento st.
i WANTED — A young man butcher. Call at
Sonoma Market, 1307 Polk n.
• j WANTED — A boy of good education. Just leav-
ing ccbool, for offlce of wholesale house; no
experience necessary: must reside with- pa-
rents. Apply. In own handwriting, box 3S76,
Call office.
' j WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
i Government positions. Apply for free cata-
, j logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
, j ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
I WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
' \ that Ed Rolkta, Reno House proprietor, has
• ' added 100 new rooms to the Denver Htrjse,
> j 217 Third »t.; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
- 1 WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
: Eaeton ave., St. Louis. Mo.
j ' WANTED — Young man. from 16 to 18 years of
{ age. to learn the dry goods business. Apply
. 1 betweeq 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
(WANTED — Experienced domestic &Iesman.
. I Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
. BROS/ ' ~ . ' ' .
. WANTED — Stout young men to work at good
trade under instruction; 17 years of age or
over; wages based onibillty. Box S851, Call.
; ERRAND boy wanted; must have references:
eteady position and advancement for right
I boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO., 112 Ge^ry st.
LABOR debts collected; salts." attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.,r. 415.
BOY wanted to, drive delivery wagon; 17 to
20 years; references; good wages. 1726 Polk.
• YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid while
• learning. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
• A profitable outing; pick hops In August. Writ*
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery. S. F. '
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
• ships. HALLBERT. B17 Jackson st.,,,.
1 TRY our men's shoes, union made at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.Exam. bid.
HELP WANTED-^MJa;&--C<mtin-.ed_^
WANTED— Men who are now successfully en-
raged in representing wholesale tailoring
firms; the very best wholesale tailoring house
In the United States will give such men an
opportunity to make more money; the very
best sample equipment, such as woolens on
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertising
matters, etc., will be furnished; branch
stores will be opened without requiring In-
vestment; sure income assured to right par-
ties; good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address A. K. NICHOL. lock box
629. Chicago. 111.
A WONDERFUL business offer— $50 to $160
per week and upward positive; we want rep-
resentatives everywhere to operate sales
parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
selling ladies' and gents' dress shoe known;
ten new, remarkable, sight-selling health
and comfort features; factory to consumer;
previous experience unnecessary; no risk;
reply quick. .Kushion Komfort . Shoe Co..
1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. - ¦ .
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable' work can be done home; for in-
formation, address J. W. KIDD.'&C25 Baltes
block, Fort Wayne, Ind.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year; examinations soon
In San Francisco. Write for circular J 1,
giving list of positions, salaries, examina-
tions sample questions, • etc., to National
Correspondence Institute. Pacific Coast offlce.
927 Market rft.. San Francisco. Cal.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable per-
manent employment to several; $10 to $30
weekly comfortably possible. Kushion Kom-
fort Shoe Co.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Clerks, cashier, coachman, butler,
footman, waiters and others with references.
Select Employment Bureau, room 2. 1031
Market st. ¦
A GOOD, reliable man wanted In a grocery
store across the bay; one who can drive a
team. Box 3336. Call offlce.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
EON. 477 and 47S. Parrott building. ,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts. of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
1 of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 603 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HEItP WANTED— -SA-iESMEN.
SALESMAN; must have experience and show
first-class record, specialty man preferred,
to handle general agency for cash and pack-
age carriers: good opening for right party.
Blltrite Manfg. Co.. 315 Third ave. South.
Minneapolis, Minn.
SALESMEN — If you have been knocked out by
trusts and have genuine ability, energy and
tact, drop me a line with references; open-
ing for two high-class men; permanent.
Box 3323. Call offlce_ ¦
WANTED— For holiday trade just opening. 2
specialty salesmen; reliable hustlers can
clear $3000 by Christmas. Address B. A. K-,
box 470. Kansas City. Mo.
TRAVELING salesman for California by large
wholesale house; good pay; permanent to
rlsht man: references. Drawer "S," Chicago.
SALESMAN — One good man each State; no ex-
perience: permanent: good pay; liberal ex-.
pense. E. M. ARTHUR CO : . Detroit, Mich.
_-_XjP WANTED — SOLICITOUS.
Al LADY or cent solicitor; splendid induce-
ments. Call a to S p. m.. 224 Callaghan bldg.
CliACKAJACK solicitor wants high-grade
proposition. Box 1273, Call office, Oakland.
KEZ.P WANTED— STENOGRAPHERS.
i
1 I DON'T want money or a postage stamp for a
reply, but can show any stenographer or
typewriter operator or anybody who knows
anything about a tyewrlter how to make
from $2 to $5 a day with the best 50c auto-
matic typecleaner the world ever produced.
With this attachment the operation of the |
keyboard cleans the type, no matter how j
dirty. One operator sold seven In one hour's
work. HALL Type Cleaner Co., 177 La
Salle Et.. Chicago. -.
HORSES AND WAQOBfS.
FOR sale — Beautiful young bay mare,', pretty
i as Arabian: English sire; Kentucky dam;
! lovely for park driving; raised by owner.
! Apply JULIEN SMITH, -420' Montgomery st.
t BREWSTER extension brougham: in perfect
condition; cheap. LARKINS & CO.. C51
Howard st. .
AX'CTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1149
FolFom st.
COUPE, new; ' suitable for doctor or family;
never used; eel! at a sacrifice. Club Stables,
Twelfth and Harrison sta.; Oakland. |
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Blade Diamond, Contra Costa
Ccunty. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
PACERS^ ?20, $30; large wagon horse. $30: !
horse $15; grocery wagon, buggy, cart. 2728
Bryant st.
• TOP buggy for sale. Inquire 123 Hickory av. j
| FOR sale-^Span mares 1100 pounds each, $125;
one 1150-lb horse. $50. 834 Devlaade-ro st.
• GOOU top buggy for sale. Box 2234, Call
j cfflce.
! A FINE black mare for sale; broke to saddle;
i p' rff-ctly gentle. Box 1934, Call offlce.
SURREY In good condition, cheap. UNIVEK-
SITY FRUIT MARKET. Berkeley.
FOR sale — I cushion tire buggy; good as new.
ROBERTS. 1615 Market st.
LARGE wagon and horse for Saturday after-
noon. Box 2S39, Call.
| 1 ;
I FOR sale — Top and open buggies; cheap. 523 }
¦ Fulton st.
1 FOR sale — Light driving buggy; $C0. Box
2281; Call offlce.
j CHEAP, large, sound, young horses; broke sln-
; gle and double and ride. 1425 Btelner st.
FOR sale — Fine gtntie saddle horse, 6
years old. 1005 Fill more st.
i FOR- sale — Three black saddle horses. 1523
Howard st v
NEW and second-hand wagons, all . kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.buggles. wagons, har-
i ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
| HOUSES TO __T.
! A^ i m7?rKl7TlXf7'hc.UFeT7o^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOTEL to rent— Forty rooms; 1541 and 1543
Pine at., between Polk and Van Ness ave.;
electric lighted: steam heated; running hot
and cold water In every room ; one block
from three car lines: man will be on prem-
ises from 10 to 1. Sunday.
SACRAMENTO. 2019— Handsome modern resi-
dence. 9 rooms; nice yard; heater; rent reas.
j SUNNY house, 8 rooms; large basement and
: yard; $40. S18 McAllister st.
HOUSES WANTED— PU-UTXSHED.
! WANTED — Furnished house, 9 rooms or more;
south of Fillmore. north of Market. . Box
3424. Call offlce.
INVESTMENTS.
! BANANA culture pays Investors big profits.
' For particulars, address Guatemala Planta-
¦ Uon Co.. 224- Callaghan bldg., S. F.. Cal.
I INVAIJP CHAPBS.
j SOLD, rented, exchanged ; manufacturers j of
j Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt: tel.Park T75.
i «
I * LOST ASS FOUND.
— ; — r- ~^ : ~
I LOST — Masonic Rast Master's Jewel ;. diamond
{center;* owner's name on back. Finder re-
turning the same ' to - Builders' Exchange,
. Jesstn St., will be amply rewarded. .
I LOST— On Sutter st.. near Taylor, or In Gold-
en Gate Hall, brown purse containing money
and jewels. Return to of flee Golden Gate
Hall ; very liberal reward. . . -
LOST— Pocket-book. . notes; name E. HILDK-
BRAND. German Consul, Teplc. Mex.; notesO
mostly German. Return Dellus & Co., 109 Cal.
LOST — Young Gordon setter; white on breast;
reward. Return to 200 Turk st.
LOST — Lady's gold chain with locket engraved
E. M. C; keepsake;, reward. 2150 Stetner.
' LOST — Friday night, bunch keys, vicinity Mar-
ket and Kearny sts. Return to 644 Laguna st.
LOST— A diamond ring, valued as keepsake.
Finder address box 3430, Call;, reward.
ELK'S tooth with mounting. Return to 467-9
Kearny et.. dru_ store; liberal reward. .CHICAGO, July. 30.— Labor leaders
here have formed a new political party,
which they call the Jefferson Democ
racy, and have called a national con
vention to nominate Hearst for Presi
dent.
Hearst Will Get a Nomination.
COLON, July 30. — News from the
coast of Cartagena says rumors are
circulating of a revolution in Bogota.
President Marroquin and President
Reyes are, the rumors say, declared
to be traitors, and Congress has been
closed.
Report Has It That Presidents Marro
quln and .Reyes Have Been
Declared Traitors.
RUMORS OP. REVOLUTION'
COMING FROM BOGOTA
FRESNO, July 30. — B. P. Mitchell.
a prominent business man of Hanford,
and Dr. Henry Bedford of this city
were enjoying an automobile drive
with Mrs. Rae Powell and Irene Wal
ker at an early hour this morning,
when the machine collided with a
cow. The pleasure seekers were
thrown out on the road and the
women were badly injured. It Is
feared that Mrs. Powell has sustained
internal injuries, while the Walker
woman Is suffering from. three broken
ribs and & broken shoulder blade.
Their escorts escaped with a few
slight bruises and scratches.
Out on the Rroad.
Pleasure Seekers Are Thrown
AUTOMOBILE "PARTY MEETS
WITH SERIOUS ACCIDENT
Machine Collides with a Cow and
PORTAGE, Pa., July 30.— Charles
Hays, a driver employed by the Puri
tan Coal Company, was shot and
killed to-dav and Patrick Campbell,
the company's paymaster, was fatally
wounded by three men, who/escaped
after taking a satchel, containing
$3000 with which it was intended to
pay the coal company's employes at
Puritan. The two men .were passing
in a buggy when the robbers, armed
with shotguns, emerged from the
woods near the road and fired at them.
Seven Italians were arrested at
Willmore to-day on suspicion of being
connected with the murder and rob
bery, as they were formerly employed
by the Pennsylvania Railroad, but
have recently been out of work. A
hat thought to belong to the murdered
man was found at their boarding
house.
Three Highwaymen Attack Official of
Puritan Coal Company and
Secure $3000.
SLAY DRIVER AXD ROB
. AXD AVOUXD PAYMASTER
Attempts by her parents and friends
to dissuade Miss Tate. who is a beau
tiful girl, from consenting to the adop
tion were futile. Miss Tate was em
ployed as a clerk in a department
store. She will soon leave for Califor
nia with Johnson.
DUBLIN, Ind., July SO.— Miss Winnie
Tate of Anderson, 23 years old, was
yesterday adopted by J. L. Johnson of>*
Los Angeles. Cal., who claims to be a '
wealthy mine operator. Johnson first
met Miss Tate while visiting n£ the
home of Dr. Morrison In Ac«5erson,
where she lives. Johnson is a former
Indianian and has acquired- promi
nence by giving $65,000 to the Indian
apolis Psychic-Medical College. Little
is known of him at Anderson-
Beautiful Indiana Girl Adopted by
Calif ornian Forsakes Her Rela
tives and Friends.
GIVES UP HER PARENTS
TO GO WITH STRAXGER
EAST ST. LOUIS. 111., July 30.
While Deputy Sheriff. Louis Bourke
was making an arrest to-night Wil
liam JIcLaughlin, who is said to be a
strike sympathizer, thinking that
Bourke was arresting a striker, inter
fered. Bourke drew a revolver ' and
shot McLaughlin, killing him in
stantly.
A short time later two unidentified
negroes, said to be employed by the
packing-houses and who took the
places of strikers, became Involved in
a quarrel with Otto Sutartz and Bud
McCandless, striking employes of
Swift & Co. One of the negroes fired
several shots. Both of the white men
were wounded in the legs. *V.
pathizer In East St. Louis.
Officer Shoots and Kills Strike Sym-
FATAL SHOT IS FERED.
LA CROSSE. Wis.. July 30. — Dress
ed in their husbands* old clothes, a
party of wealthy society women en
camped for the season at Idle Hour.
Nichols' summer camp, last night laid
in wait for the return of the gentle
men from their offices in the city.
When the latter appeared on the dark
roadway the ladies stepped from be
hind trees and confronted - them.
One of the gentlemen drew a re
volver and fired several shots and a
series of feminine shrieks alone pre
¦» _nted another volley that might have
proved more serious. The "bandits"
beat a hasty retreat to camp under the
protection of their husbands.
Hold Up Men and Arc Made
Targets Of.
Attired in Husbands' Clothes, They
WO3IEN BECO3IE JOKERS
AND RECEIVE SCARE
• The President and his advisers
agreed that at no point had any of
the conditions passed beyond the
scope of legal treatment, nor was the
administration called upon at this
time to take action. As for the pend
ing meat strike, although it was not
specifically discussed at the confer
ence, it can be stated that the admin
istration does not consider that a na
tional emergency has been precipitat
ed, as was the case in the coal strike.
Until such an emergency has been cre
ated there will be no official consider
ation of it by the administration.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— Labor con
ditions generally throughout the coun
try were the subject of a conference
which the President held at the White
House j to-day with Attorney General
Moody, Secretary of Commerce and
Labor Metcalf and Commissioner of
Labor Carroll D. Wright.
Several matters were considered and
action upon them will be taken later.
The conference was of considerable im
portance to the administration and to
labor generally. The President author
ized the announcement that the Chi
cago strike was not mentioned at the
conference.
Prsldcnt and Cabinet Officers Hold
Conference at White House.
LABOR IS DISCUSSED.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. July 30.— An un
known enemy made an attempt to take
the life of Charles Norrts by a horrible
method at his home near Jeftersonville,
Ind., to-day.
Mrs. . Donahue, a neighbor, early to
day telephoned to Norris that there was
a snake on his front gate. Norris hur
ried out and found that a viper had
been fastened to the gate, with its head
near the latch. The reptile was so ar
ranged that it could not be seen from
the inside and could sink its fangs into
Norris' hand when he should start to
open the gate.
Norris killed the viper and found that
it had been securely fastened to the
gate timber by a nail driven through
its tail.
Indiana Man Adopts Horrible Method
in Attempting to Take
a Life.
NAILS VIPER TO LATCH
OF HIS ENEMY'S GATE
This part of the plan was usually
carried out in the outskirts of some
village or in a farmer's house In some
lonely place. Lured by his fair be
trayer to the chosen spot, the victim
would be pounced upon by the band
and either plundered of hi3 money or
made to promise that he would con
tr bute ; a specified amount to the treas
ury of the society.
From 5000 employes on the Croton
dam the band is said to have obtained
more than $5000 in this manner, be
sides the money secured from farm
ers, hackmen and other persons
whom they openly robbed.
WHITE PLAINS. N. Y., July SO.—
A young and pretty Italian girl is the
leader of a gang of fifteen men who
have been terrorizing Westchester
County for two weeks and who were
arraigned in court to-day In connec
tion with a series of 200 robberie3 per
petrated in this vicinity.
The girl's custom was to pick out a
compatriot said to have money, seek
his acquaintance, and, when his confi
dence was fully won, arrange to have
him robbed.
Victims Lured to Lonely Spot by
Pretty Miss and Then Robbed by
Her Companions.
YOUNG ITALIAN GIRL
LEADS GANG OF THIEVES
Vice president, M. W. Coffey; recording sec
retary'. R. I. Wisler; financial secretary, P. H.
Coyle; treasurer, James A. Johnston; sergeant
at arms, A. M. Tledemann; trustees — Thomas
Aylward. Miss Sarah Hafan, R. W. Robert*
and Charles T. Schuppert; law and legislators
committee — F. lionnlngton, George Coorwy J.
W. Mayder. W. P. McCabe and P. Scharren
ben?; executive committee — H M. Alexander,
J. G. Boyne, M. W. Coffey. \V. P. Delany, K.
J. Doyle, J. J. Furey. J. F. Lyons. D. Mc-
Lennan. L. Rentelman, A. C. Rose, Charles
Schilling; A. Seaman and T. tiullivan; oryan
izlny committee— J. Cataria. J. N Copus, H.
Gallagher, J. E. Hooper, Charles Meinert. Miss
Annie Mullen. J. R. Roland, Fred Ruby and
T. E. Zant; label committee — H. E. Foster, A.
Friedman. J. Qulnn. I. Jacoby, Mrs. F. Ko'ehl
\V. Sennfelt. J. J. O'Neil. Miss Lizzie Rlley,
J. R. Roland, A. M. Tiedemann and 5Irs. L. C
Walden.
The conference held between the
Stable and Carriage Owners' Associa^
tion and the representatives of the
Hackmen's and Stablemerfs unions
yesterday bore no result as to a set
tlement of the trouble. The associa
tion's representatives stood firm on
the "open shop" policy, but with an
understanding that union men would
be employed when vacancies occurred.
In other words, there are to be no dis
criminations for or against any man
who may apply for work. The con
ference was asked for by the joint
committee of the Hackmen's and Sta
blemen's unions, who are anxious for
a settlement of the strike.
Peace reigns in the boiler-makers'
shops of the Pacific Railroad Com
pany, where the boiler-makers struck
last week on the coast line. The meet
ing held yesterday between the repre
sentatives of both factions was produc
tive of the settlement by which the
men returned to work. The presence
of Grand President John McNeil of
the Brotherhood of Boiler-makers,
who was spokesman for the men, had
a good deal to do with the speedy ad
justment of the trouble.
After an almost all night session the
Labor Council on Friday night elect
ed all of its officers except that of
president. For this office there was
quite a contest between the present
occupant, George B. Benham, and J.
O. "Walsh of the Iron Molders' Union.
Each man got 141 votes, with one vote
in dispute, which was referred to. the
executive for examination with "in
structions to report at the next meet
ing, when it is probable that another
vote will be taken to decide the issue.
» The following are the officers so far
elected:
Carriage Owners' Association Will
. Adhere to Open Shop Policy.
. . Boiler-Makers at Work.
REFUSE TO DISCRIMINATE
AGAINST NON-UNION MEN
PORTLAND, July SO. — United
States Circuit Judge Lacombe'a de
cision, handed down In New York to
the effect that the Indictment against
John A. Benson of San Francisco falls
to set forth facts tending to show con
spiracy to commit an offense against
or defraud the United States, Involves
no principle of Federal law affecting
the McKInley-Ware-Puter land fraud
cases now pending in the local United
States Court, according to United
States District Attorney John H. Call.
The Government's attorney holds that
{here is a material difference between
the Benson-Hyde-Dimond cases and
those implicating McKlnley and
others.
In the cases pending trial here thf»
method used, is alleged to be that
dummies were employed, but their
forged and fraudulent filings were
made directly upon Government lands
and the Government lost the land, re
ceiving in return nothing but the filing
1ms. In these cases .the State's in
terests were not involved, as i3 claim
ed in the Benson-Hyde cases.
United States District Attprney Call
Discusses Oregon Land Fraud
litigation.
BEXSOX DECISION "DOES
NOT BEAR OX OTHER CASES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
47
BOOMS TO I.ET — Turn, and TTnfTirn. ;
GRAKT ave.. Ill— Furnished rooms.
GRANT ave.. 116A— Furnished rooms. < ?.':-,y'
GUERRERO. 1S0S— Fin* larx* sunny room;
nicely furnUhad.
HAIGHT, 301— Furnished rooms; reasonable;
board optional or light housekeeping; refs.
HARRISON. 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur- ,
nlshed sunny rooms, bath; homelike; $1"
week up. "
HARRISON. 830%— A runny front room, IS.
HARRISON. 2408%. near 20th— $6; sunny
front room, gas, bath.
HOWARD. 623 — Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 640 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let.
HOWARD. TIC — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 2Se to $1 day and $1 35 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 108ft— Nice rooms to let.
HOWARD. 1274, bet. Eighth and Ninth—
Single room, $5 per month; sunny.
HYDE. 596. corner Geary — Large light room,
suitable for office or chop.
HYDE. 1026 — Unfurnlnhed, large, sunny alcove
front room; call Monday.
HYDE. 1750, cor. Vallejo— Very sunny single
room; marine view; rent $5.
JESSIE, 49 — To let; furnished.
i -
j JESSIE. 3C3. east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms: S4 and $5 per month.
! JESSIE 363. east U. S. Mint— Nice rooms; 2
beds. $S; single rooms. $5 month.
JONES. 919. near Bush— A very desirable sun-
ny room, all conveniences; gentleman.
KEARNY. 313— Elegant furnished and unfur-
njghed rooms.
LA BRANCH House. 1220 Powell— Clean and
quiet furnished rooms. $1 week and up.
LARGE well-furnished rocm in email German
family. Box 1575. 100S Market st.
LAGUNA. 1C03— A furnished upstair* room;
I rent $5 per month.
LARKIN, 502^ — Elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms; special eummer rates.
LARKIN. 6<V4 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. C>13A— Nicely furnished, quiet rooms;
$5, $S and #10.
LEAVENWORTH, 2113— Furnished room to
let.
MARKET, 7S3%— Furnished rooms.
MARKET.. 861 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. SC3Vi— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. S65V. — Furnished rooms to let.
I MARKET. S69 — Rooms to let.
' MARKET. S73— Rooms to let.
MARKET. 817 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 993— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1654— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1043A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and coid water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let.
! ¦
MARKET. 1346. opp. 7th— Nicely furnished
rooms on first floor; running water; light
and sunny; rent reasonable; suitable for;
offices.
MARKET. 1602— Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER, 697 — To let, one sunny alcove
room. Apply MRS. HOPKINS.
MCALLISTER. 903 — Furnished room for a
gentleman.
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished rooms.
MINNA, 140— Furnished room*..
i MINNA, 2S — Rooms to let.
MINNA. 140^ — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 629— To let; furnished.
MISSION, 837A— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1024. near Sixth — Cheap; 2 rooms;
dry. sunny basement; furnished.
MISSION. 1710— Newly furnished sunny front
room to let.
MISSION, 2245— Furnished rooms; use of bath
and phone.
MONTGOMERY. 109— Furnished room.
— —^— ¦^—^— — — — — — — — — — —^_— — -
MONTGOMERY. 131— Rooms to let.
NATOMA. 341— Furnished rooms.
NATOMA, CIS — Eunny furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA, 40ft 1 * — A nice front room for two;
also single room; gas. bath: private family.
NICELY furnished rooms at the Bradbury,
California and Polk sts.
OAK. 117. and 53S McAllister— Just what you j
want; rooms complete, $5 to $12; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1394 — Sunny front suite; reason-
able; references.
PAGE. 2<v-Two neat rooms, with or without
beard, for working girls.
PAGE. 440 — Eunny front furnished rooms.
PEARL, 16. bet Valencia and Guerrero, off
Market — Furnished rooms, single or double.
PERRY. 42— Furnished front room; gentlemen
only; private.
PAGE, 278 — 2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms
$17. $20. ' j
PINE. 7<3>— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeplnr.
PINE. 1733. nr. Franklin— 1. 2 or 3 room
suite*; all 'conveniences; reasonable.
PIXLEY ave.. 302. near Fillmore — 2 sunny
front rooms; unfurnished: rent $8.
POST, 212 — Furnished rooms.
POST. 217— Furnished rooms.
PO3T. 418 — Furnished rooms.
POST, 889 — Lance furnished room; bath; 1 or 2
gentlemen; references.
POLK. 917 — A nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen; reasonable. |
POST. 217, near Grant ave. — Lovely single
rooms; also suite for light housekeeping.
POST, 845 — Rocm and board for one or two
men. j - .' . -
POWELL. 5C6 — Nicelyyfurnished rooms.
POWELL. 5C6 — One large sunny front room.
POWELL. C06— Large sunny room; running j
water; for gentlemen. (
POWELL, 500 — Two sunny single rooms for
gentlemen.
POWELL, 1014— Rooms to let; furnished.
RAILROAD eve., 1000, South San Francisco—
A nicely furnished sunny room.
ROYAL House. I2tt Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlng-rocm. emoklng-room and ladies' par-
Jcr: rooms per night. 35c to $1 00; week, $i
to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor: roorr.» with hot and cold water: bathv
RUSS, 1C5— 4 rooms and bath; $18 month.
SACRAMENTO. 1338— Front rocm to let. ]
SACRAMKXTO. 1011— VeT^ulinyTnd clean
¦ rear room; ¦ gentleman. ¦
SANSOME- 422— Small furnished room; rent
reasonable.
SANSOME. 422— Sunny furnished room to let.*
SECOND. 37 — Furnished room to let.
SECOND, 62— Furnished rooms to let
SEVENTEENTH, 41C0. near Market— Large
elegantly furnished sur.ny room; gas bath
closet, piano; ?2 wk.; board op. ; gentleman.'
SEVENTH. 238A — let-class sunny rooms; lst-
claw board; hot water; phone Folsom 2215.
/ , ¦ -
BOOMS TO LET — Pn.rn. and Unfnrn. '
SEVENTH, 249— Two wunny unfurnished
rooms. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ ..•¦ ¦ ¦
SHERMAN. 10V&— Rooma to let.
SIXTH, 224 — A nice sunny front room; also
large back room; reasonable.
SIXTEENTH. S03S, nr. Valencia— Sunny cor.
double bay-window room; caa grate; new
% nat; private family; also sunny single room.
.SIXTEENTH, S053— Nice furnished roomi to
rent.
SIXTEENTH, 8437— Furnished rooms.
SIXTEENTH. 3437%— Furnished rooms.
SIXTH, 240*4— St. Johns;, pleasant front fur-
nished rooms; oentral location; moat rea*,
SIXTH ave.,. 760, near Chutes— Nlc« furnished
and unfurnished rooms Just on O. G. Park.
STEVENSON. 409— Furnished rooms.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sun-
ny suites; alF-o single front rooms. - .
STOCKTON. 1300— Furnished rooms.
SUTTER. 239— Nicely furnished rooms.
SUTTER, 1105 — Large front bay-window room;
2 closets, running water; suitable light
housekeeping: $13.
SUTTER., 2520— Front sunny room to let.
SUTTER, 2532 — Comfortably furnished gunny
parlor; modern cottage; private; gas. bath;
reasonable.
TEHAMA. 736A — Rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 745— Rooms to let.
TURK, 325 — Furnished room to rent.
THIRD. 75— Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 78— Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 87— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 15S— Rooms to let.
TURK, 205 — Furnished room.
TURK. 325 — Front room; rent cheap.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2521— Rooms to let.
TWENTY- SIXTHS 3367—1 gent's furnished
room. $5; near 3 car lines.
TURK. 325 — Room to let.
TURK. 403— Room to let.
TURK, 822 — Pleasant sunny rooms and excel-
lent board; reasonable.
TWO or three sunny unfurnished rooms in
Western Addition, $12. Box 3460. Call.
TURK,"' 825 — Single and double roomi.
TURK, 816 — 3 single rooms, neatly furnished.
TWENTY- SIXTH. 33G7— 2 housekeeping rooms
in Mission warm belt. $12.
UNITED STATKS. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
room*. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to %6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bui; baggage.
VALLEJO. 702— Furnished rooms to let.
VALLEJO, 708— Elegantly furn. room, suit-
able for 1 or 2; rent moderate; call Monday.
VAN NESS ave.. 320— Nicely furnished
rooms; very reasonable; gentlemen.
WASHINGTON, 1325— Nicely furnished room.
$6.
WASHINGTON, 2S29— Furnished rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to fl 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15o
to Jl per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
11 SUNNY rooms; rent $60. Apply 1514 Cal-
ifornia st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call fop the reception
of advertisements and. subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
O'FARRELL. 1205 — Private boarding; good col-
ored cook; sunny corner upper flat: new;
suite and other rooms; hot water; bath. I
"Tel; West 1305.
TAYLOR. 410 — A nice large room for two j
gentlemen .who would room together; good
board; also room and board for a neat, plain
man.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3437— Large room newly
furnished; southern exposure; board optional;
phone. '
VALENCIA, 930 — Beautiful' sunny rooms;
nicely furnished; running water; . private
boarding-house.
! LEAVENWORTH. 1023— Large sunny rooms
with board; $5 50 per week up; good home
cooking; bath; phone; choice neighborhood.
! EDDY, 112S. cpp. JefTerson Park — Fine furn.
1 sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new raanaj.
1 ELLIS 45.%— Fine furnished rooms, with flrst-
clags French table board; reasonable prices.
EXCELLENT board. $4 per week; with sunny
room. $5. 323 First st.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board and room
cingle or double. $5-$6 wk. ; Amerlcaji family.
MASON, 615A, near Sutter — Sunny front room
with or without board, in private family. '
MASONIC ave., 1311A— Large sunny outside
room, nicely furn. .with board for 2; bath;tel.
MCALLISTER. 612— Large sunny front rooms;
running water; phone; excel, table; 2 $40,$iD.
MISSION, 827 — Neatly furnished rooms, with
board, $5 per week; table board first class.
OAK. 706, cor. Fillmore— Large eunny rooms,
with board; single, $25; double, $15 and $50.
O'FARRELL. 1453— Handsome suit and single
rooms; hoard optional; Jewish family.
O'FARRELL, '2000— Home and care for In-
valids; large grounds; sunny; tel. Baker 121.
PACIFIC ave.. 1716, above Van Ness — Large
sunny rooms; running water; use of parlor.
Steventon Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try tabl»
THE Comora, C21 O'Farrell st. — Large grounds
billiard-room, superior table, quiet service.
VAN NESS ave., £50 — Large sunny front room-
Kood board; use, parlor, piano and phone.
WEBSTER. 1431, near Geary— Nice home for
a young lady or g-ntleman.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Chu-:h ats.
ROOKS AXTD BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board. $16 to $18 per month; com-
forts; bath, etc. 1021 Washington st , near
Mason.
FIVE sunny rooms and first-class board want-
ed for family. Box 2970. Call office.
._ BOOMS WAITTED.
KNIGHTS' TEMPLAR CONCLAVE
SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming houses, apartment houses
boarding and private houses, list your rooms
for visiting Knights Templar and their friends
free of all charge, with the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY
1104 Market st., rooms 3 and 4 '
W. L. GROWALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
WANTED — Sunny single room, running water
near business center; must be reasonable'
Box 2U46. Call office. "asonaoie.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms by mar-
ried jcouj'Iejjno children. Box 3311, Can.
LAE>Y wants sunny > furniRh«»d room, in a pri-
vate house; $0. Box 2SuS, Call office.
STTJTTEBINQ AWD STAMMXEWO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness | & Market
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S.; private: established 3
years in 8. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
_JfTP^WBjmBBS_AISnp SUPPLIES.
AN 'exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No~i
8mith Premier, J25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50 Th«
, Typewriter Exchange. 530 California l it
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co., 508 Market.
; PBQpqsA^.s.
OFFICE C. Q. M... Vancouver Barracks
Wash., July 5. 1904. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. August 4. 1904, for furnishing
forage and bedding at .posts in this depart-
ment, for year ending June 80, 19C5. . Infor-
mation furnished here or by quartermasters
at poets. U. S. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or- all proposals or any part
' thereof. Envelopes 5 containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Forage and
Bedding at " addressed F. G. HODG-
SON. CvQ.-M. V'
STORAGE AKD WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co. ; "storageT
packing, shipping warehouse, O. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell ste.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dtse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission at.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusw.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiUmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St., tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1G pases, in wrapper, for rrmlllntr. tl r>er vear.
SEWINO MACHINES AWD SUPPLIES.
HEADQUARTERS for sewiag machines on the
coast ln : the future will be at 915 Market St.,
'- where the White Co. will open their n«w re-
tall office Aug. 3, with a great exhibition of
high-art sev.Ing machines and embroideries
made on tho White. All are welcome.
DOMESTIC — The machine tor family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domei-
tie office. 1021 Market tt near Sixth.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; «afe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps lor particulars. '•Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
"STAMMEBIHO.^
STAMMERING permanently cured; best radl-
cal methods; highly moral, educational; first
applicant next class free treatment; I stam-
mered 20 years. JAMES FOLEY, 605 Laguna,
cor. Hayes; tel. Page 2312—10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
YIAVI. ~
VIA VI— A WAY TO HEALTH; mothers' and
daughters' home treatment; booklet free-
write for, it. Viavl Co.. 2304 Van N«ss ave.;
phone Bast 2S2.
PIVTDENDJWqTICEB.
lS5th REGULAR Monthly Division of Profits
July 1, 1904, the Storey Cotton Co. (capital
$1(JU,000: surplus $1U2.13O 42), The Bourse
Philadelphia. Pa., this day announced and
paid to all customers of record a net profit of
two and a half per centum (2% per cent) on
all funds on deposit during June for invest-
ment (subject to withdrawal on demand), and
on Special Time Accounts a net profit of 2V>
per cent plug 2 per cent regular quarterly
bonus.
Cotton Investments as thus operated pre-
sent the best, the safest, and most profitable
medium now before the public. Booklets lre«*.
A MONTHLY dividend of 5 cents per share on-
the preferred capital stock of the United !
Milk Company has been declared, now pay-
able, at the office of the company at 624
Montgomery Et.. S. F. Rerular monthly
dividend* will be paid in future.
51AKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Andrew C. Steljrer. 30, 329 Twenty-seventh
street, and Elizabeth Rochette 27,' 641 Do- ¦
lores street.
Alexander S. Arnold, 24. 2415 California
street, and Mary D. Healy, 21. 001 Devisatlero.
Charles J. \Vernt?t, 37, 505 Mason street, and
Pauline Sceper, ;t7, 1321 Stelncr street.
Edward C. Fabre-Rjotte, 21 40S Stockton
street, and P. Florence La Casse, 21, Montreal
Canada.
William P. Kennedy, 24, 1122 Harrison
street, and May E. Morgan. 20. 408 Eighth st.
Arthur Flint. 35, 11. Stockton street and
Lillian Dennis. 21. New York City.
Bernhard Fritz. 31. 31S9 Twenty.thlrd street,
and Maria J. Eckert, 19,. 1577 Post street
William J. Duthle, 25. Vallejo, and Bella
Logic. 23. 517 Folaom street.
Oscar T. Basney 3S 2Bfl» Clay street, and
Emma M. Crawford, 30, 279 Thirteenth street.
Albert Dodge. 49, Globe, Ariz., and Eliza
Doody. 47. Bakersfleld.
George R. Fortnan, 27> city; awd Irene H.
White. 26. Fre.«no.
Clarence I. Putnam, 25. 850 Geary street,
and Mary K. Hanley, lit, 421 Linden avenue.
Vittorlo Fabrettl. 33, 331 Eighth street, and
Maria Bolosnla. 25 890 Utah street.
Manuel M. Valleria, 23, Elrnhurst, and
Blanche E Harlan, 1C, 2.30 Fourth street.
Harry J. Rownd. 22. 1478 Fifteenth street,
and Virginia B. Jacobs. 19. 1539 .Fifteenth ft.
William Post; 23. 3.'« Mississippi street, and
Maggie Gomis. 19. Livermore.
Lewis A. Cavalier. 22. 8 Hyde street, and
Maud E. Carroll. 20, 11 , Liberty street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tin- publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
BAUER— In this city, July 29. 1904. to the
wife of Slgmund Bauer, a daughter.
BUCHHOLZ— In this city. July 16. 1904. to
the wife of William Buchholz. a daughter.
BURTT— In this city, July 26, 1904. to the
wife of George L. Burtt (nee Shapter). a
daughter.
COLLINS— In this city. July 14. 100*. to the
wife of R. J. Collins, a daughter.
DALY— In this city. July 19. 1904. to the wife
of Joseph W. Daly, a daughter.
FOLTZ— In this city, July 8, 1004. to the wife
of F. 8. Foltz. a con. '
HOFFMANN— In this city. July 23. 1904 to
the wife of Henry L. Hoffmann, a daughter.
LINDBGREN— In this city. July 27. 1004, to
the wife of Gustaf Lindegren, a son.
OSOSKE— In this city. July 18. 1004. to the
wife of L. Ososke, a son.
VINCENT— In this city. July 20. 1904, to the
wife of Laurence W. Vincent, a son.
1HAURIED.
BULLARD— LARKIN— In this city. July 20.
1004, at the First Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. D A. Mobley. William Bullard and
Margaret E. Larkln.
HICKS— HOLLAND— In this city, July 18.
1004 by the Rev. R. S. Lee, Oscar Penn
Hicks and Flora Dodsworth Holland, both
of San Francisco.
1 KNORP— FORBES— In this city. July 27 1904.
by the Rev. Father Phillip Byrne, George
H. Knorp and Mabel T. Forbes, both of this
city.
McCULLOUGH— HOLLAND— In this city,
July IS, 1904, by the Rev. R. S. Lee, Thomas
McCullough and Queenle Holland, both of
San Francisco.
MAGEE— BARRY— In this city, July 12 1904,
by the Rev. Father Griffin, John P. . Magee
and Mary J. Barry.
PERKINS— HAND— In this city, July 25 1904,
by the Rev. George W. Stone. Samuel H.
Perkins and Jennie L. Hand.
WALL— DINGBERG— In this city, June 20.
1904, at St. Boniface's Church, by the Rev.
Father Maximilian Newman. M. J. Wall and
Mollie Dingberg. -¦ ¦
DIED.
Bernard John P. Lathrop, Etta
Berry, John McDonald. John
Bickmore. • George Madcn. Mary
Burke Patrick Mulgrew. Titania B.
f.'awthorne. Jessie Xendeck. Charles ! •
Cox, Albert J. Nctfc-rfleld. Albert .
Dittes Ernst Osterdahl. Margaret
Gerrish, Martha A. Reusche. Christian
Hickey. Patrick J. Rose, Mary
Holland, Mary Schwarz, William
Irwin, Eduvlges Smith, Sadie I.
Jacob. Lulu Spencer, John B.
Jamison. Mary E. Sprung. Emma
KlttredRO Isabelle H. Turner. Jennie
Koch. Adolph F. Young, Charles L.
BERNARD— In Mnrtinez. Contra Costa
County, July 2S, 1904. John P. Bernard, 'son
of Mr. and -Mrs. Joseph P. Bernard, and
brother of Mrs. James McClellan and Harry,
Frank and Edith Bernard, a native of Cali-
fornia, ased 32 years and 12 days.
(rirFuneral will take place from the Con-
jrrcgatlonal Church, Sunday, July 31, at 2
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
BERRY— In this city, July 30, 190J, John
Berry, a native of Sweden, aged 74 years.
BICKMORE— In this city, July 29, 1004,
George, beloved husband of Sarah Blckmore.
and father of Georce and Florence Bickmore
and Mrs. William R. Chambers, a native of
St. George. Me., aged 03 years. A member
of Alta Lodge No. 242. A. O. U. W.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
.(Sunday), at -1 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence. 3677 Twenty- third street. Interment
• Holy Croas Cemetery.
BURKE— A month's mind requiem high mass
• will be celebrated Monday, August 1, at 10
a- m.. at St. Mary's Cathedral, for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Patrick Burke.
' Friends and acquaintances are Invited to
attend. . X,
CAWTHORNE— In this city. July 30. 1004.
Jessie, beloved wife of Frederick William
• Cawthorne. ¦ and mother of Frank W. Caw-
thorne.* a native of San Franclsoot aged 23
years 3 months and 30 days.
COX— In this city, July 27. 1904, Albert
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of
Albert J. and Mary Cox, and devoted brother
£ of May Cox.,- and grandson of Annie and
Thomas Carroll, and the lata Joseph F. and
Mary Jane- Cox. a native cf San Francisco,
agr.d 5 years 11 months and 21 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), July 31, at 10:30 o'clock, from th«
residence of his parents. 1030 Vi Folsom
street, j Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DITTES— In this city. July 29. 1004, Ernst
Dittes, beloved son of Michael Dltten. and
brother of Mrs. Henry Franzen and Charles
F. and William Dittes, a native of San
Francisco, ased 27 y«ars 1 month and 22
days.
E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 ::;0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1505 Fillmore street. Interment
private.
GERRISH— In Millwood. Cal., July 30. 1004.
Martha Ann, beloved mother of Charles M.
Gerrish. a native of Massachusetts aged 78
years 1 month and 1 day.
EXFuneral and interment private.
HICKEY— In this city, July 20, 1904. Patrick
Joseph Hickey, dearly b:loved husband of
Mary A. Hickey. and father of Reen, Ro«e
and Jennie Hickey, a native of -Kingston,
Canada, aged 3i> years and 8 months. (King-
ston. Canada, papers please copy.) A mem-
ber of the Painters" Union, Local No. 13.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 31. at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, lios'i Pctrero avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HOLLAND — In this city, July 20, 1004 Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Nicholas Holland,
and beloved mother of Mrs. John T. O'Don-
nell and John A. Holland a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday) at
. S:30 a. m.. from her late residence. '3078
Twenty- third street, thence to St. Peter's ;
Church, where a requiem high mass will be '
• celebratod for the repose of her soul, com- j
menclnjj at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross |
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
IRWIN— In Mazatlan. July IS 1004 Bduviges,
beloved wife of Nicholas Irwin, loving
mother of Alice Irwin, and dearly beloved !
niece of Mrs. J. Gosch, a native of Concor- |
dia, Mexico, aged 3S years.
JACOB— In . this city July 3i>. 1904 Lulu,
• beloved wife of Nathan Jacob, and mother
of Estelle and Elsie Jacob, a native of San
Kranclsco. ased 33 years 1 month and 13 !
days. - •
E?"The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the I
parlora of Halsted & Co.. 940 Mission street. '
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec- ;
trio car from Eighteenth and Guerrero '
Etreets. : -"
JAMISON— In this city. July 30, 1004. Mary
E.. dearly beloved wife of the late Wallace
Jamison, and loving mother of Myrtle and
Alexandrine Jamison, Mrs. E. F. Lui-ltt '
and the late Helen Jamison, and loving :
sister of Michael Joseph. George and Julia ;
Costello. Mrs. F. E. Wilson and the late
Thomas, Edward and Margaret Costello, a |
native of San Francisco, aged 43 years 6 1
months and 2!) days. A member of Young :
Ladies' institute No. 1.
(u7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday). August 1. at 0:30 o'clock, from
her late residence. ! 1834 Howard street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Y. L. I. No. 1:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral ¦
.of our late eister. Mrs. M. Jamison, from
her late residence, 1«34 Howard street. By j
order of JOSEPHINE RIORDAN. Pres.
JENNIE MALONE. Secretary.
KITTREDGE— In this city. July 29. 1004. Isa-
belle H. Klttredge. mother of Spencer B..
Ralph B. and Daisy C. Klttrtdge, a native i
of Massachusetts, aged 73 yeara.. j
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services J
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 p. m.. at her late j
residence. 2559 Bush street. Interment pri-
. vate.
KOCH— In this city. July 30. 1004. Adolph F.,
beloved son of Fred and Bertha Koch, and
brother of Bertha Walter, Wehner and
Helen Koch. - a native of San Francisco, atred
22 years 4 months and 6 days. A member
of Mission Parlor No. 38. N. S. O. W.
C?" Funeral and Interment strictly private.
LATHROP — In Dubuque, Iowa, July 20. 1904,
Etta Lathrop. wife of Guy Lathrop.
MCDONALD — In this city, July 2». 1904,
John McDonald beloved father of Frank B.
McDonald and Mrs. C. H. Carlson, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 80 years 10 months and
1 daj' I
(cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., at his late
residence, 17 Noe street. Interment private. (
MADEN— In this city. July 28. 1904. Mary j
dearly beloved wife of Eugene Madii. and ¦
devoted mother of Ernll Maden. and sister o£
. M. "KuDfer, Mrs. H. Toussaint, Mrs. Ph. !
Guillium and the lata Mrs. Etienne, and
Blster-in-law of Mrs." C. Welter, and aunt ,
of Victor snd Joe Etienne Jr.. Leon and |
Anfjellque Brunner. and. Edward, Nellie and ;
Alice KuDfer and the late Ceclle Guillium.
a native of Alsace, aged 47 years 7 months
and 13 days. • ! ;
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 31. at 1 o'clock, from her late resi- 1
dence, 2113 Powell street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
MULGREW— In this city. July 29, 1904. Ti-
tania B. wife of J. F. Mulgrew, a native
of Ohio. .
(ETFuneral services to-day (Sunday), at 10
a. m.. at 564 Second avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
NENDECK — In Haywards. July 30. 1904,
Charles Nendeck. beloved husband of Mary
Nendeck and father of Lizzie, Carl and Ma- j
mle Nendeck, a native of Germany, aged 67 j
years and 5 months. . !
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
' fully invited to attend the funeral services '
Monday August 1. 1004 at 2 p. m.. at his \
late residence, Haywards. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery. 1
NETTERFIELD— In this city. July 30. 1904. |
Albert Netterfleld. a native of Ohio, aged 27
years 7 months and 24 days.
OSTERDAHL— In this city. July 30, 1904,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Oscar
Osterdahl. loving daughter of John and Mar-
. caret Reardon and sister of John and
Daniel Reardon. Mrs. W. Mathews and Mrs.
1 R Hughes, a native of California, aged 30
ye'ars 11- months and 15 days.
ICTRcmains at the parlor of Charles J. B.
Metzler 631$ Washington street.
REUSCHE— In this city. July 29. 1004.
Christian, beloved husband of Meta Reusche,
and father of Christian Jr., Carrie, Annie,
Bernard, Minna. Frit* and Meta Reusche,
and son of Caroline Reusche, and brother
of August Reusche, a native of Braun-
schweig Genmany, aged 47 years. A mem-
ber of Walters Union, Local No. 30.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully •Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Sunday)r-July XT, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence.' S Colltnirwood street, near Seven-
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROSE— In this city, July 29, 1804, Mary, be-
loved wife of Henry Rose, and loving mother
of William T., Georjre and David Rose, Mrs.
Sidney Gould. Mrs. Frank Moors and Mrs.
Frank Franclscovich, aeed 70 years 11
months and IS days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-day
• - (Sunday), July 31, at 11:30 o'clock, from the
residence ' of ber daughter, Mrs. Frank
Franclscovlch, 345 Capo street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Interment
-Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SCHWARZ— In Sausallto. July 27, 1904, Wil-
liam, beloved .son. of Henry and Clara
Schwarz, and brother of Max and Charles
Schwarz and Mrs. R. Foges, a native ot
New York, aged 17 years 6 months and 7
days.
SMITH— In Alameda. July 28, 1004, Sadie I.
Smith, daughter of Mrs. Allie M. Ladd, and
sister of William M. and Irving H. Smith,
a native of California, aged .24 years 7
months and 9 days.
(CTKriends and acquaintances \are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral • services
Sunday, July 31. at 2. o'clock.- at Bethany
Congregational Church. Bartlett street, be-
twren Twenty-fifth .and Twenty-sixth. In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at 112 Fair Oaks street.
SPENCER— In Alameda. July SI, 1904. John
Bruce Spencer, a native of Kentucky, ag;d
S2 years 7 months and 14 days.
SPRUNG— In this city. July 30. 1904. Emma,
¦tlcarlv beloved wife of Harry J. Sprurwr Jr.,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Daley,
a native of Iowa, asred 27 years. (Porters-
vine papers please copy.) •• s . .; ¦. ...-.
Cyjnterment Pprtersville, Cal.
KENRY J. CALLAQHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.' :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALM2R3.
2U Filth nt.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone South -SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
'— — —Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan.' Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
233'J-2ull Mission si., near Nineteenth,
3au Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JaMKS McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros. '¦,
Funeral Directors and Kmhalmers '
'- ¦- ' 214. Eddy st. ; Tel. South 576. ¦ - - ¦• 1
TURNER— In this city. July 30. 1904, Jennie,
beloved daughter of Mary and Joseph Turner,
and ' sister of Emma. Hazel. Robert and
Freddie Turner, a native ; of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 6 months and IS days.
YOUNG — In this city. July 28, 1904. Charles
Leonard, beloved husband of th«f late Eliza
Young, and father of Georye. Leonard,
Adelert and Robart Youne, lira. Erwin
Athey. Charles D. Boehm and the late
Annie Brand, a native of Wisconsin, ased
75 yearn 4 months and 2 days.
(C7"Frl»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, July 81, at 10:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1716% Leavenworth street,
between Vallejo and Broadway. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
aOQMS TO UCT — rnm. *afl TTnfnnu
A — THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
£OST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
"CT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
fLlTES WITH BATH. $1 SO TO $2 50 PER
P-AT; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1- HOT
ATKI1 DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
> 'j£i • ASHWORTH HOTEL.
-20 Mason «t.. bet. Geary and OTarreU.
with or without private bath.
~'w addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovfcted; eun in rooms all day.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. Rooma
we to $1 per night. M 25 to $5 per week and
_jlgr.t housekeeping rooms; open all night. '
A-- THE FREMONT. 1SC4 MARKET.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUITS. SINGLES.
An £ EORN hot:se - 223 Grant ave. S. F.—
100 rooris; 35c day up; $1 50 week up.
ASH ave . 1SS— Furnished rooms.
A I^^I fce Als » onte ." *^» Market «L (or N* 1
f? 1% •* >— "°o=m. 25c, 50c. II. $1 60 night;
tl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT *24 Eddy, nicely furnished dean, sunny
roo:n. SS; auitable for 2 gentlemen.
AT 305 Sutter— Nice sunny rooms; reasonable;
strictly respectable.
A LARGE, «uiuiy room for gt&tleman: conrenl.
rncps; private tarally; reut $12. fl77S Sutter.
A -JJi^ ' urnlFh* d room la the Mission. Box ;
<>S... Call office.
A SUXNY front room with two beds; also 1
fincle room for centlem^n; references. A.
B-. bor 2S03. Call office.
IjELMoND Ifcu**, over Owl drugstore. 2 en-
*.rance«. HIT, Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
roomg : 2.V to 50c r*r nieht: $1 25 to $3 w*ek-
BROADWAY. 702— Rooms to let.
BUCHANAN. C12— Room to rent: furnished.
BUCHANAN. ISOO-To let. handsomely fur-
niEbed sunny room in new flat; suitable for :
business woman cr schoolteacher; every con- :
vfnlt-r.ee; references exchanged.
EURNETT. 1426 Market fold number 1384) —
Furn'ehed room*; suits; singles; also unfurn.
Jil'SH. 703— Room and beard; convenient loca-
tion; moderate; phone Black 5602; references.
EL"EH. sofl — Sunny alcove rocm. suitable for !
two gentlemen: references required.
EUKH, 021 — Nieeiy. furnished rooms; single or
' «n suite. r«ajrnab!f.
EL>"H. J0CK5. cor. Jones — Larg-e and small
sunny earner rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1516— NeTfy "furnished sunny
alcove suite, with running water.
CALIFORNIA, loi2— 2 elegantly furnished
Eir.irle hedroomf.
CALITURXIA. 1C14— One largre room, suitable
fcr young cj-jplc.
CALIFORNIA. 151C— A nice eunr.y alcove i
fuite, w.th all modrm improvements. :
CALIFORNIA. 151S— A n*at eunny parlor !
suit**, with vt* of kitchen.
CALir< iRNIA. iCli — Large room, suitable for j
pontlcmen.
CALIFORNIA. 1516 — A r.«at sunny alcove j
Fulte: Ell modern improvements.
CHELSEA ilace. 4. l*=t. Ptocktcn and Pow«ll, j
eft Blah — Nicely furnished front room; cheap
CLEVRNTINA. f>02. mr. dstttb. bet. Howard
ar.d FY>!*om — Two rooms to let; $5.
CT.rrPER. 514. near Dism^nd — 2 large fur- !
Dished ronm*: kitchen; bath: laundry.
CnxGBCBSi <Tbr>. 1OOI Larkln. cor. Poet. —
Sur.ry nicely lumiFhed rooms; single, en
suite, housekeeping apartments; running
*va?»r, bathf; rates reasonable.
Dt'PONT. 1410— Nicely furnished room to let.
Dt'POXT. 1427— N"ic«ly furnished room to let.
EIjDY. 1J — Large sunny front room: also nice
natqr Ircnt eir.g> room; rent cheap.
EL'DY. 4'i2 — 2 fine sunny rooms; elepaiitly fur-
tnslvtd: sslendii location; reasonable.
K1I»T, S71 — One large bay-window rocm,
: nicely furnished: piano; running water;
beth; Tber.e EaFt 1174.
EDTjY. IC7 — Sunny rooms: modem flat: sulta-
rie r.ne cr two BTtlemen; furn.. unfurn.
EiyPY. 1254— Funny rooms with breakfast and
<!!nnpr: rraFonable; f.r*t-cless home cooking.
EDDY 1749 — Furnished rooms; sunny; cars
\.&y± door; modern.
EIGHTH ave . 574. near Park Museum — Fine
4 and 5 room German dining; also single
ro ::n; furnished.
ELEVENTH 21— Sunny rooms. furnUhed or
r.furnifhed: rur.nir.g weter: references.
ELLIS, C15 — Furrished rooms to let.
ELLI^. 70&— 4 furr.lshed rooms. $<j. $10, $12
X*r month.
'rLLIP._7-?2— Furn!5h-d rooms to let.
EtUa. 7m— Neatly furnished rooms to let:
'.' r er.e or two gentlemen.
ELLIS, S3T— Nicely furnished front alcove |
raou: Drttvtc family.
— —^— — — — — ___ __^_____________ j
ELLIP W; — ij»rpp sunny front room, suitable
fnr 2 gentletiun: r«r.t reasonable.
ELLIS, JCS2— Elesar.i ;urni*hed room; cheap.
ELLIS, I«5 — Furnished sunr.y room. $8.
FELL. 2r.*5— 3 cr 4 ur.fumifhed rooms, wito.
bathroom; renovated.
FILLUORK. :;iS— Two bay window furnished
roorr.F. with or without board.
FOLSOM. «.-*— .sur.r.y bay-window room; also
H"g!>- BOMekeeptnir.
FOLSOM. 121&— Nice rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 2.VTC— Furnlthrd rooms.
FOR r«>r.t— Furnished frost room. 1341 Har-
rison ft.
FRANKLIN. .'J0I— Unfurnished rooms; i ¦
bright venny fr-^nt, v.ith fas
— I
FKAN'KMN. <2S— Furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
rtshed front roorr.i; a'.l conveniences; $11 &$12.
FRANKLIN. 42S— Furnished rooms to let.
KTJANKLIN. 1100 — .^urny frcr.t rooms; fint-
clkfrs board: reasonable.
FULTON. 322— Nir«ly iurr.ithrd rooms to let.
FULTON. 412— Nicely lurnitfced sunny front
rocm. *12.
FULTON. <r,6 — Furniihed rooms to let.
FULTON, 1234 — Sunny rocms. modern conven-
ience?, r-uh board; private; near Pa'k
. Phrr-t: !\irii 255.
FCRKISHED or unft;rni.«h»d rooms, with or
without housekeeping; also rooms with
tx-ard: fu!! particular*. No charges. Room
Resting Advertiserr. 117 Sutter st. •
F17BKXSHED frcr.t rocm for gent: 15 minutes
from Cail. Adcrcta boa: 204S, Call ofttce.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rocms, with or
without hocs'keeping; also rooms with
board; full particulars: no charges. Room !
Uentinr Advertisers. 117 Putter St.
GEARY, 71 — Furaiehed rocms.
GEARY. OC1 — Front apartments three rooms;
vrry fine; eas. bath, phone.
•j::ARY. 717— Roomi to let.
CEAltT. 141S — Sunny front furnished rooms*
private family.
GEARY. 1««— Finely furnished back parJcr:
private family. j
f3oLPEN GATU. ave.. 9G7— 2 nice rooms for •
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 11261,— Furnished room; $6.
COLDEN GATE ave., J2O4— Front euite for
housekeeping; single rooms for gentlemen.
COUGH, 405 — Furnished sunny rooms to let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and MUslon Rooms 33e
to »1 25 night: $1 SO to >S wk. : readlcg-rm.
CRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnUhed front euite.
also single front room*: $2 5u up; quiet. "*
GRANT ave.. 21— Furnished rooma.
CEANT *re.. 23— Furnished rocms to let.Cheap Rates to Boston and St. Louis.
If you are going to attend the O. A. B. en
campment at Boston or World'a Fair, why not
have your tickets read one way via the.North
ern Pac'flc Ky. and stop en route and visit th«
Yellowstone Park? For particulars eee T. K.
Stateler^ General Agent, N.F. By.. 647 Mar
ket St.. S. I-\ "'T,';-; . . -' •¦
SANTA ROSA, July 80.— The Ger
man Social, Literary and Benevolent
Society of this city, which was organ
ized in 1874, will be merged to-mor
row into Santa Rosa Lodger, Order of
Hermann's Sons. The German Social
Club has a splendid hall in this city,
a two-story frame structure, and this
will be maintained under the manage
ment of a board of directors of the
organization which give3 up its name.
Santa Rosa Societies Will Unite.
GRANTS -PASS, Ore., July 30.— The
discovery has been made that the
grave of Florence "Wells, who was mur
dered in this city two weeks ago by
an unknown assassin, has been tam
pered with and an investigation shows
that the body is . missing. Florence
.Wells was buried In the potter's. field
of, the Granite Hill Cemetery, near
here/ The county had occasion to place
another body in the potter's field and
the gravediggera i who were detailed to
open the grave selected a lot adjoining
that of the murdered woman. It was
then they discovered that the grave
had been robbed.' The grave was half
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rifle the Grave of Victim
of iin Unknown Assassin
at Grants Pass, Oregon
GHOULS STEAL
WOMAN'S BODY
Two Weeks of Married Life
Causes Mrs. Ida Paccini
to Long for Her Freedom
well witd her parents he persuaded her
to elope with him. This was not the
kind of a marriage the Leverones had
planned for their pretty daughter, so
they recalled the couple and gave their
consent to the ceremony.
The bride is but 17 years old, while
the groom is ten years her senior. Dur
ing the past two weeks there have been
many domestic rows in the Paccini
home, and now the bride brings suit
for divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Hooper Estate Divided-
The decree made several days ago
by Judge Hunt for the final distribu
tion of the estate of Colonel William B.
Hooper, late proprietor of the Occi
dental Hotel, was filed yesterday and
showed that the $58,844 cash and
many various and valuable securities
were divided, one-half ' to ' the widow,
Eleanor C. Hooper, and one-sixth each
to the children, George Kent Hooper,
Rose Hooper Plotner and Mary
Hooper Perry.
E; .frdtl DlsziaAch to The CalL
• FRESNO, July 80.— Ida Pacclnl. a
bride of a little more than two weeks,
has decided that life with Dominic Pac
cini Is a failure. It is not because she
does not care for him that she asks
a divorce, for she braved parental ob
jections to marry him. Paccini, she
ears, has been cruel to her.
On July 12 a license was granted
to Dominic Paccini of Sacramento' to
n-ed Ida Leverone of Fresno. " She is
the daughter of A. G. Leverone, one of
the most prominr-^t Italians in- this
county. Paccir.i won th»» jfrl's heart.and
T.tcn he learned that he did not stand
BSlM(BPMMSyiSinK9BqBHMMfC|M|HHIBIWDriH».«tfMKdi^MKtfiarMHva«Hii^k
One-Fifth Off
On our entire up-to-date stock of Cloaks
and Suits. Payments of J1.00 a week
will prevail during this sale, which ends
Aug. 6. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1320
Stockton street. •
YOUNG BRIDE
ASKS DIVORCE
LOS ANGELES. July 30. — The com
mittee of orange-growers engaged in
hearing the evidence In the case of
President H. A. Naftzger of the Cali
fornia Fruit Agency, who is charged
by Abbot Kinney. a Los Angeles fruit
shipper and millionaire, with misman
agement and general lncompetency in
the direction of the affairs of the
agency, to-day took a recess until next
Tuesday, the prosecution having fin
ished the introduction of testimony.
Kinney charges that the present un
healthy condition of the orange Indus
try of Southern California is due to
official mismanagement of the grow
ers' organization, which has entire
charge of the marketing of the pro
duct. ¦ The case la being bitterly con
tested on both side and is attracting
much attention locally, especially
among the fruit growers and shippers.
Much of the evidence so far has been
made up of the depositions of Eastern
produce and commission men. NafU
ger, also, la reputed, to be wealth*, „
Los Angeles OrchartlLst Says Affairs
of California Fruit Agency Are
Poorly Handled.
MANAGER IS CHARGED
WITH INCOMPETEXCT
Corkle produced a will drawn up on
the physician's note , paper, witnessed
and signed by Dalahanty. It bequeath
ed $10,000 to Lucfle McCorkle, the
physician'3 daughter,, in whom her
father's patient had never before taken
any interest. The balance of the estate
was left to the deceased's brother and
sister in Ireland. Two witnesses, who
are said to have been under the'influ
ence of liquor when they affixed their
signatures to the will, were the flrst
to reveal, the peculiar circumstances
under which It was made. The Pro
bate Judge of Cochise County refused
to admit the will to probate, and when
it became nolsedk about that the mat
ter wa8 to be investigated McCorkle
dropped out of sight.
The •body.'iof Dalahanty will be ..ex
humed and an autopsy held to deter
mine whether death -was -from .-natural
causes. It is alleged that Dalahanty
believed that he was bequeathing
the 510,000 to Mrs. Lynne Fredman, to
whom he was to have been married. .-
uncovered and what dirt remained in
it was loose, as If it had been thrown
in hurriedly.
Tracks, made by a heavy wagon with
a wide tire lead into the cemetery and
up to the grave. , There were many
footprints about the grave, as if two or
more men had been engaged in the
work.
The purpose of the ghouls can only
be surmised. The body was probably
desired fcr medical purposes, or rob
bery rr.'iht have been the motive, as
there was considerable Jewelry on the
body when it was buried.
The affair has caused so«.e uneasi
ness and considerable c-nment here,
as grave robbing may have been in
progress in the surrounding ceme
teries.
DEATH CAUSES
INVESTIGATION
Strange Circumstances Sur
round the Demise of a
Wealthy Citizen of Benson
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BENSON, Ariz., July 30.— Peculiar
circumstances surrounding the death
of P.-- J. Dalahanty, a wealthy • Benson
citizen, have led to an official Investiga
tion, and Dr. M.;G.; McCorkle, who'at
tended him and who is charged with
having conspired to defraud Dalahanty,
has left for parts unknown.
McCorkle was. attending physician
for the Territorial ; Industrial School
and .the Southern Pacific Railroad. Dal
ahanty was a heavy drinker and was
reported to have died from the effects
of drink. Shortly after his demise Me-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, JULY 31, 1904.
48
; ' ~ ~~ ~ T : T~^ ' " " ~ n.rme I HALE'S.
HALE'S. I HALES. | HALE'S^ j HALE'S. \ [ HAJLE'S. BAIjETS. __J .
¦ ¦ ; — ~~ ""— ~ \ — — — — —
C. Curtin Sale at Hale's Looms Up
W Like a runner who has caught his second wind this C. Curtin sale swings in upon its second week and how reasonably priced. They will know how rare they are this week v/ith these new tmderraarWnjs. /
Scores of new opportunities are out. Every department in the store contributes. Seldom have we seen then blows out before it's fairly started. What a lot of blow and bluster this boy of the C Ctntin stock
such a grouping of unusual advantages as are here now. , would have caused in some stores. We are enthusiastic, yes, but the values are more ao. UnustiftU plenty of
Linens, beddings—«C Oirtin took pride in buying these stocks. Women knew how good they were them, so just a plain statement of facts from Hale's. It will keep us busy; maybe busier than last week.
Seldom Such a Chance | I «"« oireRjbb on CoiTSetS* RiO^e^t Rveilt
TT"^ I f^J IT • Hk T It's 4 H In. wide'. Just In,* and we . A 4J* «L* *-? O XL-^ U. «*C *^. A-7 Ik" .1 M ? A -» **•
~*C T3 tl T£ T H dH| H^ H /^V rt 13 tf"^ jf\k fM) £*+ ifTs s* I%l I jT^. y&.^X T P ut il ° ut a3 quickly as we can. We C— J <—7
' S iLJf W fi 4TR B # B BIT U jP j I 8T^ I I ' 2hb i 1 \fW know >* ou wlu want 1L Heavy enough W/LJ T? !""> am , T II C\C t
tL*P M. V JL && Ht/ Jk. 'W £i— «f £ & A jl J| 4jJ GJL£9 1 1 Vf TV to have plenty of body; soft enough WP H^VP rVPr rSPPn AhlP tCl I Pi C Jt /
tJ ™- * V to make a beautiful belt. T V C liaVC J-<_VC1 UCCII /AU1C LU 1C11 V^l.
For C Curtin thought much of Hs linen stock, of having as good and selling it at as reason- wSTaly? £££' SStJ- mai".' "ilk! . No woman who needs corsets should stay away from Hale's to-morrow. She may be able to
abJe prices as he could mark. When women who knew C. Curtin's linens see these new prices lavender, royal, nile and turquoise. t the style ghe j wcarg and
they mn know how much more they mean even than they look. . iot 8 r«r to^^y^bS£ I %.t Xt JU? * ¥ 7 ~ t _=, /$&
iiS^^^^^^i^^^^^M^M Pip Pa y "fgs.Than Half for It.
come to Hale's for good linens. They won't be disappointed now. We back these unusual values think of Hale's a^ays when you Fhat s a broad statement. It s the C. Curtin stock. Short lines. R. & G's., W. B.s, H. B.S.
with the same vigor as we do our regular stocks. Zlnt tomfmtor'iKSn. " Ferris waists for women and children; a few sizes in some, more in others. But all sizes in the lot,
- V . ; ' -¦"¦- - - *-^ — . _ , , . „ Remember, we tie an bow* and all shapes and all good styles. We have grouped them and made new prices. It will make the corset
I TmhlPflirhpH Fi^irrmclr JRr VH Turkish Towels at 15c •*«*¦*«* 8tir of the season>
KJ lii^i^ClWll^VI l^dllld^IV AOt I U. ¦ nnhWhed QhrnnnnAliKr fl f Ha1^« t. '".7° ur st y lc and size is here voa certainly get the biggest bargain jon ever got If your »tyl« in*
It's «, inches wide the «e oualitv cmod nnH firm ->R, , a e r,^,? i ? i ' ? a ham VOO\ng at Hale S here likely you will find yonr size in some other style that will fit you as well. Here are the lines, makes tad
ity t^^^^^^^^M^^^i Z^^l'TcZS' * ' New Mounts -to n each one, and the new prices we have put o/then, The smarts on the .ccond floor to-tnorro*
7sc quality, 70 inches wide, 64c yard. $1.00 quality, 72 inches wide at E 5 That wash the scalp as well as the hair coming.
85C rd - " Crash Toweling, 10c: nS£\^A?terff^S^°S: 5oc Ferris Waists at 25c: 75 c Girdle Corsets at a 5 c: $2.50 Corsets at $1.35: 'X
Bleached Damask, 34c yard: Pattern Cloths at $1.25: Regular lBc quality. 17 liu wide. It's them th« .hiunpoo you *£g X^Wry-SH** 1 ?*" 1 ™' R- & G/s: sixes 2S. 24 and 25. «e. Thotnpson'a IT* VlctobtTj Hxm U.
For regular <5c *J&. gS wide. Splendid damasxV yds. long": the Wnd with . «d border, bleached. gtl^S ?£& fi&t* iRK $I O o FtT^ wisto 5 «C & O^lS^S Sd^fat 60c. '
£f^^^T^, 10Cyd * &'£K£^K£S&Si : 1J fI^S^S^iV^ ,3 and $x.oo Gi?dle cTrs^sar^cV 15^ *"» «t»c ; ,
: SSSS^i&^&^L Huck T o-^. 7c: d feite^&oo^fc.: hampo °- $x.oo Chicago Waists at 1 5 c- 7a c'c5SlSTt V^ ??
53.00 Quality. 81 in. wide. $L»5 yd. bargain. Cotton, but as absorbent as can be. We have one of the foremost hair v Wom^r D rhicL l.i.t,'. .« 75C Jr°" etS at ISC * "* L
Bleached Damask, 45c yard: $1.50 Napkins at $1.10 doz.: VFg^it £&<£ £" " Sfftefl? *&£&£ the Unlted »««»^ D - wal8t3 ' *" %lm^' g^ST^ 7 Tc: $1.25 Corsets at 75c :
If. a mercerized cl^th. J 3 in. wide; 5 Of good damask, good £1 and see y ' and prScribe^eaTme^fo/ft ?f S5 50C Kalamazoo Wa istS at I 5 C: 5 W .B/s erect form^orsets; sizes 25. g fj'^d 2« ""* *"* '^
& th!lt "*? wa f h and wear the other opportunities and their Huck Towels IIC and prescribe treatment for it, if neo- Women's; sizes 18, 19 and 20. 26, 27, 31, 34 and 36. 23. 25 and 2«.
"P to ;4.oo napkins at S2.90 doz. hemmed, all white. and treatment of the hair and scalp. 19. 25c 26 and 27. IS, 19, 10, 21, 22, S3, 24 and 25.
25c for Any Straw fiat <^^^ i^%^ We '" e11 2C^ airs D° 1Iar
In the Hale Millinery Store < \^^^ 1 35 * $/ ' 5 ° / '^^I) "' Gloves at 50c Pair
It's the biggest millinery news we ever printed We don't ex- P!!? :*f /^/j?/; -^ £ /^^ <* Even some $1.50 ones among them. Some of them became
pect to have one of them left by 6 o'clock to-morrow night, and 95^ <W^/ " ' f f * C^ slightly damaged by dampness in transit
there are =17 to «=tart with ' 1^^ /AM ;^tV^\ A / '^rffir§ttr>is^ ' : T§$) Ve Iookeci over them > an d while some are spotted, on
Women's, girls' and children's hats, some trimmed, some ready to /t^W^K /£v Jt \W\ *M ill f WlW^^J^^^kii^ * lor" fo tl^^J^h^i^™ 1 **' The y a11 cara « to US in one
v.-car. some striw shapes. The different turban styles, French sailors! All /Z\X^€ %^l\l livJ\\ XW\ V*M \\Mr^lrBnlV^yMM/MmWf^\ I / ?-, f sell them at 50c
pood colors, such as navy, brown, castor, cLampagnc, white, red and /Z y <\ \'-\'IS,TO\\\\ xS/Tni^ VmV.WM ' Suk l'l : ¥ikl8lKS : I'l I rk r*4s$02R^i!fflf^\\\ Splendid 2-clasp gloves, m tan, brown, gray, mode and black. Sbe»
black. lfe s&f \\\%iA\V^^\7(t\\ ¦ fll /it, ®/ / Sl/M' /^iiW^^Y \\\ 554 to 7?. 50c pair instead of $1.00 and $1.50. The/U so quickly, so
0{ t £^7 hat £t 2 5 c ~I«s than you would pay for the frames in some /ft* / K\ VV^ V*\ vj I \ 111 \| \ W OffM / Hl^ WW^ /f^V^ xV "^
;¦.;;;;,^^i^^^Ttfe'Sr'so^s^m^s™^! \{ 1 ! k^s^Al 'Ji^^^M^ms, MJ Linen Collars at 254c Each
p pp uni y nere are . «' go Monday. It's from the C. Curtin men's goods store. All of
Flowers to Trim Them With ! 001101*^0^ Whit'P Wjfll^tQ "d -5' T\\ru-± cw + o-
AT so BUNCH, worth £ and 6 5 c; fine, fresh flowers, good sized * l " 11U1 CU2) . ? ?¦ llf V V <X12> L» Big Lot White ShirtS at 25c
at "« A S sPRAV ariety , of , d f rcnt !?c ds - Most Important Happening of the Season. he av? h ?r^ c o h rk % r li.s"S,u n s < i i n btt^ r . \& ££?£-J%S?&g?S£5
/ii 25c A b^KAY; regularly §1.00 and $1.75 sprays, thick branched ' , . . ;.¦- ° " short lengths, linen neck and wrist bands, continuous facing, double front
ones, enough to trim the whole hat. The maker let us have anv one wnc * wan^ s a new white waist, who wants it daintier and prettier than she has and back and doubly stitched. All sizes in the lot. Great special buying
them. He was as determined to think of fall as we are now. been able to buv - before > who wants to have for a great special sale. 25c
We will have extra salespeople to wait on you. The values are A Fllll ThifH I PCC in Pm/ a *.- 1 c • lt r? * j -j * i- •* t-
all cit or tables i the mil' '"Ah *"««" urt. /-y 1 Ull 11111U JL»Cob LU l cXy . A big neckwear manufacturer in the East decides to limit him-
i£..~~it ¦'¦' 1 / Ul ' 1ter y department, so you can wait on Than she would have paid earlier in the season. See the beauty of the styles in the pictures ; see self to making neckwear and lets us have all his
yoursel, as much as possible. how elaborate. they are. And they are as well made as they fook. Scores of different patterns will £> + t OU . , \X7^Z^4- O'^iSS
be shown for the first time to-morrow morning. x Not from the C. Curtin stock, but all bright, new, o'Wwll OlllP t W CllS L OvlS
r^ \' \r u pretty styles.
from "/v,- a Tl^ t,^ ma Mf an , imm^ nse clean-up purchase Such late arrfvals we have marked them a third under Hale regular low prices, making this Tn Sell at 1"2 and LeSS Than 1"2 PliCe
from se\(.al large tapestry mills and sends us an immense lot the greatest opportunity of the season. lU OC " aL ciiiw 1-^00 1 nail 1 1 1 il.c
f-x a m t t — ;-¦" _ _^ m _ They're beautiful ideas all ready to make up, many of them
Portieres: Table Covers ; Note Drawing of Waist at 35c • £jsS2f ££& SSaiS"'
T n Qoll at Nporlw Holf Drl/^a Vi s tllc fi " t . time we have ha , d a^ 151 at 3Sc this season. We couldn't get one good enough before. He was bargaining for a bigger share of this six-store basineaa next
1 •-'t'll at liCdlly 1 lall fllLC , dozens i of them to 'Start with. They will go as if they had wings, for they are astonishing values in year when he let us have them. See them in a window to-day. Out oa a
ThevVe all new all hnVTit n-itv t^+t<,™e .u I , e ? u *\ lt y °. f lawn * has b , ecn r UScd anc the , way , they arc I ? a 1 e; J argc , tucks down the back and front > a widc table first time to-morrow. - ,
f.nry re ai new ail Dngnt, pretty patterns, all as worthy of pleat of embroidery down the front; large full sleeves, tucked cuffs and fancy collar with a bow. A remark- A -. „ „,. „. . A « A a* * o. et-«-* m • *. o-^_
full prices as though they were bought for. regular stocks All out ablc value cvcn at 5°c. At Hale's, starting to-morrow, 35c. rcmarK At $J Shut Waist Setg< At $3^3 : Shirt Waist Sets.
first time to-morrow. . First of all : White Waists 95c: White Waists $ 1 .20: S^S Sn?tSSStSSg t &iS?a a c J Z^l ?^ 7 rtu^X'^2S
$D.OO Velour Covers at $2.95 S^t% 1 S!^ tt^ff^s&2^fl^ aBse^'ASfftiittSrtfSB . S^^Sf^rrsiaa!
\earlv «'x dozen nfthcm'ln !,.,,.„ -.r-1^,,^ •« • i. * r j wide plaits at each Bide of front and down the top of tucks, yoke effect of embroidery Insertion and lace: clennes insertion, some with fancy Insertion; stUl others with Ten«rlff»
crr»on if^-ti, «• a *? ¦ m In h^yy velours, in rich tones of red and the sleeve tucked cuffs and fancy tab collars. Other cuffs and collar with lace. 3 other patterns. openwork stitching; others with in- embroidery insertion and madaUlona,
preen, with raised patterns in extra heavy deep rich pile, with fairy fringe, styles. 95c. # * sertion and fagoting, some with Somo have tucked yoke* outlined
6o-;n square. Instead of $5.00, $2.95, second floor. See some of them in U/hlto Wo.V+o C1 Crt. Waists $1.65: small pearl buttons on the center; with Honlton lace tosextlon. Collar
the window to-day *nd you will see why we are so enthusiastic over thei White Waists $1.50: wh|te \ wn§ with round madft narrow collar and cuffs to match fronts. Any and^cuffs to all styles. A*y . rt *
C» -,, r> *• «• .« ' ." - F, Quality lawn, large and small tucks down the Valenciennes Insertion, large pointed bertha, with row •»•••»• •
$2.50 Portieres at $I.g5. Portieres, $2.05 pair: baC MTf irtt ?f 1 Cl i U l te I' larse and , SmaI1 tucks> of Valenciennea lace insertion at the edje. lMge full
They're I y.Js. long. 45 in. wide. But These Include all our oAA itn« « r embroidered front flnished with large tuck. Front and sleeves and tucked cuff.
< WSS^mm M^S ™ — ill la "" waut " " 60& " 1 1 i Dress Goods Important
overthrow frinpe; come in red, green „ . '. '\ v ' Q p • - . : '- -. . . , . -
»>ad blue. jj. i.5 a pair. Striped tapestry; 30c yard : f c , " |^^«t IsnrT /^? ' ? Because of the goodness of the weaves and the fact that
Table Covers, $1.25: tWnVfor%ozy n c^rnVr r 8 ?dVp b es V a e nd Sch ° o1 Books >^^ /®V We WiH FiH prices will average a half less than worth.
•joo >Jj1 them; tapestry and armure couch covers, curtains for single or And other school €^5$&> /Ms/ XSf!§£&7P/f!ifi&=& Mail orders as 2<5c Melrose Suitings are 14c, with wool filling, 36 inches wide.
a^room^bie*; s^i/eftwo^ne cxpeJt t^y 4 3? f on^HeC atMa ™PP li " f° r P"™' /tW/ /M/ (M^ iM^ long as lots last, dul 65c Voiles are 35c 44 inches wide, in navy, tan, gray and cream.
Sor S^ftl%^Vk"tteT%rrn°ge1 Foot Stools 45c " ' "'% W"™,**, /Mf a r a^, $1.25 Boutonne Voiles are 55c yard; full 46 inches wide, blacks and
It 't ' H liu tubIas « k " ow wha t a comfort they are unless "**** llllllll " u i . • are limited. Several broken lots of Fancy Vgiles, Mistrals, Fishnets, that were S1.00
the y have used the " while sewing. 45c. 6 , 6 Market Street, Near Sixth, San Francisco <> 6 and $1.50 a yard, on sale to-morrow at 55c yard.