CALL'S ST. PETERSBURG CORRESPONDENT SAYS REPORT
OF JAPANESE DISASTER AT PORT ARTHUR IS NOT TRUE
T^HE CALL'S St. Petersburg correspondent, whose sources of information are of the highest, asserts that the report that 30,000
Japanese were killed by mines during an attack upon Port Arthur is utterly without foundation, and that official St. Petersburg
knows now that the report- was circulated by the Japanese themselves, with the hope of enticing Kuropatkin to advance upon
his supposedly crippled foe. On the contrary, the St. Petersburg bureau of the Associated Press reaffirms the report, and as
serts that confirmatory telegrams have been received from private sources in the Far East. In view of these conflicting state
ments, it is to be noted that some days have now elapsed since the reported disaster without official confirmation from Port
Arthur; also that the Japanese, far from being demoralized, have occupied Yinkow without encountering opposition..
Iluler of tlie Celestial Kingdom Is
Said to Be Suffering From
Dysentery.
LONDON, July 15.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Morning Post, in
t dispatch dated July 14, says the
Chinese Emperor is reported to be ee
tfously HI with dysenterjfc.
EMPEROR OF CHINA
REPORTED VERY ILL
RYE. N. Y., July 14.— Mystery sur
rounds the departure of D. Percy
Morgan, clubman and whip, from his
home on Boston Post road at Harrison
on-the-Sound on Sunday, May 29, when
he left there for New York with his
three youngest children, telling his
servants that he was going to take the
little ones for an outing. He has not
returned since then.
Members of the Morgan household
to-day declared that they could not
talk about Mr. Morgan's trip, but said
they knew where Mr. Morgan was and
that Mrs. Morgai^ heard from her chil
dren every week.
Morgan and His Children
From Home.
Mystery In the Departure of D. Percy
CLCBSHN'S DISAPPEARANCE
CAUSES MUCH COMMENT
PA11T OF BUILDING FALLS
AND THREE ARE HURT
Stone Coping Drops to Sidewalk From
Eleventh Story of Xew York
Times Offlcel
NEW YORK, July 14.— Part of the
upper story of the old Times building
on Park Row, where repairs and addl
tionsV\re being made, fell to-day when
several workmen were on the scaffold
ing on the upper, floors and the streets
were crowded. Reports of serious loss
of life were circulated and the streets
became quickly blocked "so that the
police reserves had to be called.
'A stone coping, several tons in
weight, was being lowered from the
eleventh floor when the ropes and j the
boom of the tackle broke. There were
many narrow escapes from death In
the crowd on Park Row below. Three
persons were seriously Injured. " The
coping crashed through fifteen Inches
of i planking and imbedded itself about
six inches in the concrete -side walk. .
Mrs. Stanley is 26 years of age, blue
eyed and remarkably beautiful. She
has been in Denver several months,
having come here , from her home
Waco. Texas, where her mother re
sides. ' Before her departure she had
a disagreement with her husband, who,
she says,' treated her with very little
consideration. Being high spirited she
left him. The wife has be,eh- consider
ing the advisability of 'suing for di
vorce. After her arrival In Denver she
found herself without • funds. Pride
prevented her sending - to her, relatives
for assistance. Her distinguished uncle,
with whom she is' ari especial favorite,
would extended help to' her for
the asking, but the young , woman
would not apply to him. He frequently,
had advised her' to come to him In the
event of misfortune. .She has a sister
in Denver.but she would not go to her
for help.- The 6lster ' notified their
mother of Mrs. Stanley's condition- by
telegraph andt received an answer that
the mother would take the first • train
Xer Denver. , -
DENVER, July 14.— Mrs. Mabel
Stanley, a beautiful young stranger,
who appeared at the Denver County
Hospital suffering from a large dose
of laudanum, Wednesday afternoon, 'is
the niece of United States Minister
Conger in China. Abandoned by her
husband and suffering great pain from
an injury she received at the nata
torlum last Friday, Mrs. Stanley de
cided to end her life. She swallowed
a quantity of laudanum. Regretting
her act she boarded ..the first car for
the hospital. The doctors soon brought
her out of danger. She will have to
remain in the hospital for many weeks
to submit to an operation on account
of internal injuries she sustained last
week. ... -
Sp«clal Dispatch to The CalL
FRESNO, July 14.— J. K. Turner, a
newspaper reporter of this city, is
keeping a sharp lookout for highbind
ers, as they have threatened to kill
him. Some .time ago Chief of Police
Morgan offered a reward ; of $10 for
the arrest and conviction of persons
having lottery tickets in their possess
ion. Turner donned a disguise and
went the rounds of Chinatown, buying
tickets from the principal merchants.
He returned the next day and arrested
them.
• A price has now been set on Turner's
head and the police in Chinatown say
that the highbinders are determined to
earn it.
Turner has applied to the Mayor of
the city for a special bodyguard.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Chinese Lottery Men
Put a Price or
His Head, \
Pretty Niece of Min
ister Conger Has
Close -Call
GAMBLERS
ARE AFTER
INFORMER
NEW YORK, July 14.— Work Is near
ing completion on five new theaters in
this city to be opened in the fall sea
eon. Some of them will be ready for
fall rel-jarsals on September l.and all
of them by November 1. The new
theaters are: Hammerstein's Drury
Lane, largest in the world, on Thirty
fourth street; the Liberty, owned by
Klaw & Erlanger, situated on the
froutb side of West Forty-second street,
a few doors west of the Xew Amster
diLjn; the Lew M. Fields Theater,
eoiaetimes referred to as the National,
owned by Oscar Hammerstein and
leased to Hamlin, Mitchell & Fields,
cituated on the south tide of West For
ty-second street, near Eighth avenue;
the Colonial, at Sixty-sixth street and
Broadway, owned by Meyer R. Bim
berg, and the Yorkville, at Eighty-
Eixth street and Lexington avenue,
owned by Meyer R. Bimberg.
Approximately the builders will have
epent 52,200,000 on nev/ places of
amusement before all these are open.
Co Be Completed for the Fall
Season.
Fiii 1 Xcw Plac**« of Amusement Are
NETV YORK WILL HAVE
MANY .MORE THEATERS
AGGRIEVED,
SHE SEEKS
TO END LIFE
Wettling and C. E. Roes, another im
portant Lincoln business man, went to
Mexico to purchase timber lands. They
decided to cruise in a canoe through
one of the big forests. The canoe cap
eized, spilling their provisions and
clothing into the water. The two men
narrowly escaped with their lives and
when they emerged from the Jungle
after eighty-two hours with only what
food they could pick up in the woods
they found themselves 100 miles from
their darting point.
They were given enough food In a
native village to enable them to make
their way to Vera Cruz.
Etreets of Vera Cruz, barefooted, beard
ed, in garments out at the knees and
«lbov.s and tanned like a negro, they
¦were slow to believe him the same man
they wers accustomed to see behind the
brass grating of the Farmers* and Mer
chants' National Bank at the State
capital. Wettling drew on his bank
and is now on his way, home.
OMAHA. July 14.— From Vera Crux
to-day came the story of a thrilling ad
venture of Louis F. Wettling, a banker
cf Lincoln, Nebr., who was lost in a
Mexican Jungle while on a pleasure
trip through the country, and. al
though h« can Eign his check for thou
sands, had to live among strangers pen
niless and in tramp's attire until a
chance meeting with friends enabled
lilm to be identified at a Mexican bank.
"Wettling had the ill-luck to be sus
pected by bankers and by the Ameri
can Consul of being an impostor. He
•was without funds for a fortnight.
"When Lincoln friends met him on the
Ep«d&! Diffpcteh to Th« Call.
Loses Baggage in Accident in the
Wilds *nd Winders About in
Tramp's Garb.
natives Refuse to Believe
Omaha Capitalist's Tale
ol Wealth.
Banker Found Bare
footed and Ragged
in Mexico,
RICH MAN
BIS TASTE
OF PENURY
Continued ¦ on Page 2, - Column 8 t
LONDON. July 14.— Princess Vic
toria of Schleswlg-Holstein has been
operated upon for appendicitis at
Windsor Castle. She . Is not - yet out
of danger. „
PRINCESS VICTORIA
SUBMITS .TO OPERATION
Continued oa Paso 3, Column 5, -^
happy frame of mind. The ab
sence of a dispatch from 'Lieutenant
General Stoessel, commander of the
military at Port Arthur, regarding the
reported disaster to the Japanese on
Sunday night is generally attributed to
the delay in communicating official
news, owing to the absence of the Em
peror.
Private dispatches received at. St.
Petersburg from Russian sources in the
Far East confirm the reports from
Mukden and Chef u. According to a
usually reliable source the Japanese
losses were 28,000 and the Russian
losses 1S00.
The, city remains in a. ferment. of ex
citement and the . extras ' are . eagerly,
bought in the hope of finding the long
expected dispatch from .General Stoes
sel.' was only late last night that a
dispatch arrived, which, had it become
generally known, would have tended
somewhat to . dampen the enthusiasm.
This was a. dispatch from Tatchekiao,
communicating an undated j dispatch
from Port Arthur received on July 13.
It did not mention the. assault or the
repulse, but it is quite possible that the
dispatch was sent from Port Arthur
earlier than July 10, so that it" cannot
be . fairly regarded as " contradictory
evidence. •-•
It is quite certain up to this date
that 1 there is no disposition in Stl Pe
tersburg to question the truth of the
news. _ There is a. general conviction
that' if Viceroy Alexieff decided-to corn-
ST. PETERSBURG, July 14. — Wh"en
the official Gazette yesterday afternoon
published a special edition stating that
Viceroy Alexieff had Informed the staff
here that S0.000 Japanese had fallen
in an attack upon Port Arthur, people
who dismissed such news as being false
when announced from irresponsible
sources finally believed it. Great was
the feeling of pleasure that at last a
victory for Russian arms could be an
nounced.
It appears now, though, that, the
whole thing was a miserable hoax on
the part of the Japanese, in order to
mislead General Kuropatkin and cause
him to advance. The consequent mortl
cation and disgust felt to-day had no
limits.
To make matters .worse, according to
the latest dispatches General \ Oku : is
seriously threatening Newchwang with
a large force, . "while Japanese Field
Marshal Oyama has taken the direction
of the investing forces at Port Arthur
and the best ship in the. Russian navy
in the Far Ea.st. the Movlk, has been
damaged. • . . "'...¦
Itis now realized- that the rainy
season, as deterrent i to active - opera
tions, is going to be disregarded by the
Japanese..'
ASSOCIATED - PRESS VERSION.
ST. : PETERSBURG, July 15, 2:15
a.- m.— The of "St; Peters
burg : retired la*t night-* in a
- LONDON, July 15.— The Dally Chronicle's Toklo correspondent says
that on July 14 the Japanese occupied Yinkow, the " port of Ncwchwang,
and that the 300 Russians who were in the town escaped with difficulty.
HAICHENG, Tuesday, July 12. — A detachment of Major General Mist
chenko's army fought a brilliant engagement to-day near the Black Moun
tains. Some prisoners were taken. The Japanese are entrenchlns flvo
miles from Tatchekiao. '
NEW YORK. July U.— Charles "W. H,
Carter of No. 148 Lincoln road, Brook
lyn, died last night in a cab while be
ing driven from Prospect Park to the
St. George Hotel. He was 70 years old
and rated as a millionaire. A mys
terious veiled woman, who was with
him, has disappeared, and although
foul play is not suspected, detectives
are searching for her. .
Carter met a young . woman last
night In front of Brooklyn Borough
Hall. After a few minutes' conver
sation he engaged James McGulre, a
cabman, to drive them through the
park. McGuire was half way through
the park when he heard sharp raps
on the cab window and a shrill, fright
ened • voice of a woman. * He stopped
his horse and Inquired what had hap
pened. : ,V;;. -j\ . ;.-;
"For God's . sake, come down," she
said^ ."this -old gentleman has fainted
and I fear that he Is dying."
Carter had. fallen from his seat and
was unconscious. McGulre suggested
that: they drive back for a physician,
but the woman begged to be permitted
to leave them. When McGuire re
fused she begged that . they, be driven
back to St. George Hotel. She begged
to be. allowed to go first Into the hotel
to warn the • man's family. McGulre
let her go 'and she has not been seen
since. At the hotel Dr. Henry was
called and said that death had prob
ably been instantaneous. No one was at
Carter's late to-night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the
Now York Herald Publishing: Company.
Old Man Dies Sud
denly ana Woman
Disappears.
MYSTERY
IS A CAB
SENSATION
False Rumor Circulated by Japan
ese With Hope of Enticing
Kuropatkin Southward.
HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT IN THE RUSSIAN TRENCHES — TYPICAL SCENE
OF THE CONSTANT FIGHTING ATTENDING KUROPATIflN'S DESPERATE
RESISTANCE OF THE JAPANESE ADVANCE TO THE NORTH." *
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 14. — The ex
pected visit of State Senator Patrick
H. McCaren to Judge Parker was tho
only item of Interest at Rosemont to
day, beyond the installation of a tele
graph operator in the newly arranged
office at the lodge beside the gates.
There were nearly 400 letters In the
Nominee Summons New York Leaders
to His Esopus Home.
PARKER'S MANAGERS CONFER.
OYSTER BAY. L. I.. July It.—Presi
dent Roosevelt will receive, either to
morrow afternoon or Saturday, a com
mittee of the United Mine Workers of
Pennsylvania, the members of which
on Tuesday went to Oyster Bay to pre
sent a petition regarding the Colorado
labor troubles which the committee
failed to place In the President's
hands.
Secretary Loeb to-day received a tel
egram from D. J. Davis of Wllizs
barre. Pa., on behalf of the miners, in
quiring whether it would be possiblo
for a regularly accredited committee
to see the President to present the pe
tition, as the first committee had
failed to reach the President because
no previous appointment had been
made for it- members.
In response. Secretary Loeto promptly
telegraphed to Davis that the Presi
dent would be pleased to see the com
mittee either to-morrow afternoon or
on Saturday, as either date would be
convenient to him.
President Roosevelt, accompanied by
his sons Kermit and Archie, and his
nephews Philip and George, sons of
Emlen Roosevelt, and one or two
friends cf the boys, spent last night
on the shore of Long Island, with the
sky for a canopy. The party left Sag
amore Hill in two rowboats early in
the evening, taking with them blan
kets, cooking utensils and food. The
night was delightful and the experi
ence was enjoyed thoroughly by the
President and his young companions.
They cooked their own breakfast this
morning, the President being an adept
at the preparation of an outdoor meal.
They reached Sagamore Hill early In
the day.
The President received several calls
to-day from personal and political
friends. Among the visitors was M.
A. Gunst of San Francisco.
tion of Union Men.
President Grants Audience to Delega-
WELL RECEIVE THE MINERS.
OMAHA. July 14.— Frank A, Ken
nedy, editor of th© Western laborer
and general organizer of th« Federa
tion of Labor, to-day sent his resigna
tion to President Gompers. He ex
plained that he Intended to make a
campaign for Roosevelt and desired
to be free to do effective work. In a
sensational editorial Editor Kennedy
exhorts labor unions to enter politlc3
and to abandon Bryan and support
Roosevelt.
"Exigency and political policy com
pel Bryan to remain in a party which
we. think be must despise in his heart,"
soys the editorial. "But we casnot fol
low him in the support of a man- who
has been a dummy, who has pilfered
a national nomination through tha
management of men possessed of all
the evil traits of Benedict Arnold, but
having none of his virtues.**
After speaking of the Populist farco
enacted at Springfield the Laborer ed
itorial declares:
"We must trust Roosevelt, whose
policy we do not yet know, rather than
Parker, the sphinx, the policy of Dave
Hill and the corrupt Influences man
ifest in the Democratic convention."
He asserts that Parry's influence has
made both platforms practically silent
on labor questions and that tha tlma
has come when unions must taka an
active part in politics in defense of
their very existence, and concludes:
"The Western Laborer will support
Theodore Roosevelt with all the power
it possesses and will do Its best to
show Bryan's friends a war to rebuke
! his enemies."
Ep*«!»l Dit?*tcli to Tfca CaQ.
Urges Workingmen to Yote Against
Corrupt Influences Dominating
the Democracy.
Editor of Western Laborer
to Take an Active Part
in Campaign.
THUS Declares Lead
ing Organizer of
Unions.
ROOSEVELT
THE FRIEND
OF TOILERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TBS 'WXATXES* "
Vereoarl mad* at Baa Fran
cisco for thirty fcoura • eadin#
mlOBi«lLt July IB, 19041 .
Baa rnatclaeo and <rtetal£r—
Cloafly, ttttiettl«4 weather JTi
dajj pot titly ihowerf; Uglit
•outlierly wla&a, cfcanctat* to
brisk w«rt«rly.
a. o. lfoAnra,
District JFor«ca*t«.
The San Francisco Call.
THS TRSATZSa.
Alcazar— "Smarts****.**
Calif oral* — "Tha Koaorabls Jobs
North."
Central— "Aloay th» Mobaw*."
Chutes— Vandarrilla.
Columbia— "Coxuta Kate."
rischafi — "A I.uciy Btoaa."
Grand — "Mr. "Baxneu ot Haw
Tort."
Orphettm — Va.ud.wHl9.
Tivoli— "Xobin Hood."
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 45.
SAN FRANCISCO, .FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.Russian Agent. Denies That Another
, > < ; : . Loan Is to Be Floated.
UlONDON, July 14.— M. Routkowsky,
the financial attache of -the Russian
embassy here, , returned to London to
day from St. Petersburg, where he con
ferred' with Interior Minister Plehwe
WAR CHEST NOT EMPTY.
[ ST. ; PETERSBURG, July 14.— It is
not - improbable that fighting is now
progressing at Tatchekaio, advices
showing, the Japanese were within a
few miles of that place, coming up in
two columns from the south. The ex-
Greatest Battle.
Haicheng Likely to Be Scene of War's
KUROPATKIN MAY RETREAT.
TATCHEKIAO, Wednesday, July
13. — It was expected that* the Japan
ese would attack this ¦mo'rhihsT. -.The
Russian guns were heard' to thie,east
of Tatchekiao at 6 o'clock.' The Jap
anese did not reply. .
Russian scouts have ascertained
that the valley of Kadjourkl, south of
Tatctiekiao, almost to Gadjoy, is clear
of Japanese. Further intelligence
br .°- usrnt . in J?y. scouts says that the
Japanese are retiring to' the mountains
C
Slight Engagements Between 'the In
fantry and Artillery Arms.
FIGHTING AT TATCHEKIAO.
Par value, or $225 a shara, w«'i3
paid for those already purchased and
the same amount will be paid for the
remainder, which Sexton has arranged
to acquire for the Southern Illinois.
Kational • Ban* by ; Saturday.
ST. LOUIS, July 14. — More than
$400,000 was caried in 6atchel3 Ly
two messengers who accompanied
Henry D. Sexton, president of the
Southern Illinois National Bank, when
he went to the offices of the St. Louis
Trust and. Savings Bank and bought
about 2000 of Its 2500 shares, valund
at 5562.500. '
Two Thousand Shares of yt- Louis
Trust and Savings Sold to Illi
nois Institution.
HEAVY TRANSFER OP
HANK STOCiv IS MADE
ST. PETERSBURG, July 14.— The
nature of the mission of the volunteer
fleet steamships St. Petersburg and
Smolensk, now in the -Red Sea, is be
ing carefully guarded by the authori
ties here. They passed through the
Dardanelles quietly as .merchant
ships," but there is reason to believe
they had. suns on\board. The exit of
the vessels through the Dardanelles is
not regarded by the authorities as a
violation of the treaty of Paris. The
reports from Suez that the ships,
which are heavily laden with coal,
are awaiting the arrival of the Baltic
fleet may have some foundation, but
it is also considered .likely that : in
the meantime, it is their purpose tb
intercept contraband cargoes destined
for the Japanese. ".
Volunteer Ships Had Guns Aboard
When Passing the Dardanelles.
DISGUISED AS MERCHANTMEN.
PITTSBURG. July 14. — John Johns
ton and Frank Ousley, colored, were
hanged here together to-day for the
murder of James Donnelly, a Herron
Hill grocer, on the night of last New
Year's eve. In the presence of his
daughter and aged father-in-law. The
negroes entered the store and John
ston asked Miss Donnelly for a loaf of
bread, while Ousley walked toward the
money drawer. Miss Donnelly called
to her father, who started toward Ous
ley, and as he did so he was shot
through the.heart by Johnston. Johns
ton confessed to committing four other
murders.
The execution was witnessed by a
son of James Donnelly. As the trap
was sprung a member of the jury and
two spectators fainted.
Two Xccrpes Pay Oeath Penalty for
• . Foul r Clinic Committed on
•yew 'Year's Eve.,
COLORED MURDERERS
GO TO THE GALLOWS
It is possible that the correspondent
is confusing Major General '. Fock' a,
pursuit with the attack made by him
on* July 5 on the Japanese right \ flank,
when he was also reported to have
driven back the enemy to Nanga Pass.
The report says whole masses of. the
enemy were blown up with mines and
adds that the Russian losses werefl860,
and that Major General Fock pursued
the Japanese to Nanga Pass. ; , •- ¦
The correspondent says that, the ire
ports are causing general rejoicing and
concludes: • '> ;. ~-j : £ j
"It is believed that General Oku will
now retreat to the south.". . :. ; •
municate the report to the general
staff it must be true.
DOUBTFUL WORDING OF REPORT
The Associated Press' learns the War
Office had some hesitation in giving out
the dispatch, owing, to its doubtful
wording. It is contrary to the custom
of the War Office tp publish statements
made with such reserve as Viceroy,
Alexieff thought fit to adopt. . ¦',
The rejoicing in the Russian • capital,
is increased by a foreign dispatch .con
firming the Japanese reverse. •"^The
question is eagerly asked if the Riis-;
sians took advantage' of the : Japanese
discomfiture to follow up the •.¦blow
and inflict a crushing defeat, with pos=T
sibly the capture-. of the siege guns. ...^
Under yesterday's date, .the -corre
spondent of the Associated Press, with
the Russian headquarters at Liaoyang,
whose telegrams heretofore have, been;
conservative and reliable, announces
the reception there of the "joyful news",
of the brilliant repulse of the Japanese,
assault upon Port Arthur, with' a loss
of 30,000 men. ;•-"'•
"There is absolutely no foundation
for the report that Russia is trying to
float another'loan — none whatever. My
Government is not in need of money.
It has not touched for military pur
poses a single franc of the loan con
cluded in France some time ago. Nearly
all the money obtained through that
loan lies to-day in French banks. ,
"There is nothing in the report that
Jewish bankers have informed Russia
that they will not participate in a loan
unless - concessions are made to the
Jewish subjects of the empire, but at
tention should be called to the fact
that Jewish bankers did not participate
openly in the loan floated in France,
although I have learned since that,
finding it a good investment, they
bought large blocks of bonds. As a
matter of fact measures have already
been taken for the relief of the Jews
and more are now under consideration,
in ' pursuance of the Emperor's ukase
of last year, without relation to the
war." ••<*'¦¦:"¦?
and the Minister of Finance. He said:
Two Japanese battalions •* made a
tentative attack on July 11. They
Were met by one Russian battalion
'a.nd two companies of cavalry, with
two guns, and were driven off with
considerable loss. The Russian guns'
did'^ not give the Japanese artillery a'
chance to occupy the position for
Av'hich it had been maneuvering. The
'Japanese fired a few shots, which
caused; no damage.
' ' Or» ¦.¦Juiy 12 the Japanese shelled
Major General Mistchenko's position at
intervals throughout the day, but their
shots i a,U went wild. The Russians, who
did- 'not reply, had not a single
casualty.
It jWas General Mistchenko's saint's
nameday and the" soldiers attributed
their immunity to special interposition.
The- day was marked by an impressive
religious ceremony. Many troops had
'jUst.previously come sixty miles across
the hills in a single march. The whole
command filed past the great church
tent. with bared heads and rifles to the
left shoulder, saluting the flag as they
went by. The massed regimental choirs
andb'ands chanted "Save, O God, Thy
People" and the thousands of soldiers
took/up the refrain. The priests raised
their crosses and sprinkled and blessed
the regimental colors. Then a short
but^fervent prayer in behalf of the Em
peror was said, in which the men
Joined, many of the voices breaking as
the were uttered. The pa
rade'was then dismissed.
and moving northeast in the direction
of Haicheng and also farther north.
The roads to Yinkow are not im
peded.
The Russians have captured some
Chinese bandits "led by a Japanese of
ficer, also taken prisoner, who had
dispatches, showing that in the battle
of. July 4; the Japanese lost more than
TOD men."
¦ It is ' reported that the Japanese
Hive -five divisions and 200 guns and
that- they have been placing siege
1?uns in readiness for a determined
battle. sU :•":'* '^riW&'&y'l
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Private Advices Confirmatory of the Rumor Are Received From Various Sources, but Not a Word Comes
From the Commander of the Liaotung Stronghold's Garrison.
After amusing themselves for a
time the men started for the dock,
two miles away. The road was -iglueJ
its entire length by electric lamps.
Not one lamp was left unbroken.
Meantime a posse of citizens startf.d
in pursuit, but the soldiers readied
their boats first and escaped.
XEW YORK, July 14. — Armed with
revolvers, twenty artillerymen said to
be from Fort Totten, Willets Point,
have given the summeri residents in
the neighborhood of Great Neck, L. I.,
a taste of early life on the frontier.
After spending some time about the
saloons, which they visited on leave of
absence from the post, they began to
shoot out street lamps and finally
look possession of five summer hotels
along the shore front.
Terrified guests were driven to
their rooms, where they barricaded
the doors. Mirrors, glasses and bot
tles behind the bars were made tar
gets. One proprietor who remon
strated was bound and thrust into a
closet.
Drunken Artillerymen Shoot Out
Lights, Terrorize Hotel Guests
and Escape.
SOLDIERS MAKE TROUBLE
AT A SUMMER RESORT
CHEFU.; July 14.— The China Mining
and Engineering Company's steamship
Haiping;, from Shanghai July 8, was
captured by the Japanese eight miles
north of Chefu this morning, laden with
contraband of war.
Japanese Seize Contraband Carco.
The foregoing Is probably the un
dated dispatch sent from Port Arthur
to Tatchekiao and from there to St.
Petersburg, referred to in the press
dispatch from the latter place, review
ing the situation. It will be noted that
there is no direct communication be
tween Tatchekiao and Port "Arthur,
and there is no explanation as to how
the message was sent.
TATCHEKIAO, Wednesday, July 13.
The following was received from Port
Arthur to-day:
"There Is no change in the position
of affairs. Fresh provisions arrive
daily. There are constant skirmishes
in which the enemy suffer the most
losses. We have no wounded or Beri
ously ill. On the surrounding hills the
Chinese are constantly heliographing.
"The Japanese have issued orders
that instead of attempting to make
prisoners of the Russians they are to
be Bhot."
Undated Dispatch Says There Is No
Change in the Situation.
WORD FROM PORT ARTHUR.
RUSSIAN POPULACE WILDLY REJOICING OVER DOUBTFUL REPORTS
OF GREAT SLAUGHTER OF JAPANESE IN PORT ARTHUR BATTLE
BT. PETERSBURG, July 14.— A tele
gram from Lieutenant General Sakha
roff, reviewing the situation yesterday,
notes the continued Japanese advance
on Tatchekiao and continuous fighting
along the Siuyen roads converging on
Tangchi, ten miles southeast of Tatch
kiao. The Russian outposts apparently
were not offering -serious resistance on
either side of the Siuyen roads or along
the line of General Oku's advance.
There may be a slight collision at
Tangchi, where General Kuropatkin
probably has stationed his left wing
rear guard. The Japanese are utilizing
Kaichou to land supplies.
General Sakharoff also reports the
appearance of General Kuroki's out
posts considerably south of
This is an indication of a general flank
ing movement on Haicheng.
The Japanese northern outposts are
falling back on Sal mat za, probably due
to pressure on the part of General Ren
nenkampff.
.Keerl, formerly president of the
Montana Society of Civil Engineers
and a prominent mining engineer of
this State, shot and killed a barkeeper,
Thomas Crystal, in April, 1903. The
defense was insanity. He was con
victed of murder in the second degree
and sentenced to life Imprisonment,
but was granted a new trial on errors
of the court.
HELENA, Mont., July 14. — After
being cut forty-one hours, the jury in
the case of the State against J. S.
Keerl. charged with murder, reported
to-day that it could not agree and was
discharged. Ten of the Jurors favored
a verdict of guilty.
Case of J. S. Keeri, Who Killed
Barkeeper.
Two Men Stand for Acquittal in the
MONTANA MURDERER
v . " WILL G£T XEW TRIAL
Two companies that remained at
Kaichou had to fight their way north
with bayonets.
The Chinese at Kaichou gave the
Japanese an enthusiastic reception,
decorating the streets and houses.
The Japanese began to press the rear
guard after the majority of the Rus-
Eian troops had gone north and Colonel
Krauz, with a battery, came to the
rescue. He posted his guns near the
gateway and fired 500 rounds with ter
rific effect upon the advancing Jap
anese. The Japanese gunners at first
fired wildly, but finally found the
range, a well-aimed shell killing Count
Neirod, who was standing beside
Colonel Krauz. The Russian guns
were then removed.
There was a critical moment when
the bulky commissariat wagons had to
pass the exposed narrow gateway. The
Japanese tried to take advantage of
the situation and repeatedly attacked
the Russian flank, but they were beat
en off.
BT. PETERSBURG. July 15.— People
who had begun to grumble at Genral
Kuropatkin are Inclined novr to take
the opposite view, which is voiced by
a trained military expert, who says the
retreat from Kaichou was a master
piece in tactics. This expert sees in
Kuropatkln's strategy the flawless car
rying out of military science, a depart
ure from which would have precipi
tated disaster. In this light General
Etakelberg's march appears to have
been a stroke of genius, since he kept
In contact with the enemy, prevented a
Juncture cf the Japanese armies and
generally retarded the Japanese plans
both in the north and south of the
L'aotung peninsula.
The transfer of General Kuropatkin's
etaff to Tatchekiao and the appearance
of great activity there "bluffed" the
Japanese Into devoting all their atten
tion to that Quarter, leaving the more
valuable line from Liaoyang to Muk
den alone.
Even if there be no battle at Tatche
kiao or Haicheng, the Russians are
now looking forward with entire con
fidence to the concentration of General
Kuropatkln's force around Liaoyang,
which will mark the successful term
ination of the first stage of his cam
paign.
TATCHEKIAO. Monday, July 11.—
The Russian retreat from Kaichou with
the loss of only 100 men and the in
fliction of .heavy losses on the Japanese*
was a brilliant feat, of which General
Kuropatkin marked his appreciation
by conferring decorations on every of
ficer present.
Dawn of June 29 revealed the Jap
enese in such force that it was neces
eary to withdraw. The retreat was
carried out in the face of tremendous
difficulties. Only the road north,
swept by the Japanese batteries and
barred by a. clumsy, conspicuous gate.
could be used. Near this gate stood
General Stakelberg, directing the op
erations. The Russian batteries, clev
erly masked, disturbed the Japanese
gunners and as a result their projec
tiles fell short. The bombardment last
ed many hours. Shells were flying over
the city of Kaichou. but the Chinese
were quite unconcerned and carried on
their business as if nothing unusual
was occurring.
Kuroki Is Attempting Flank
Movement Toward'
Haicheng.
Czar's War Chief Will Con
centrate His Forces
at Liaoyang.
Japanese Suffer Heavily in
Pursuit of the Retir
ing Slavs.
Kuropatkiirs ' Bear Guard
AVillMake a Stand at
Tangchi.
Kaichou Betreat Effected
With a Loss of Only
One Hundred Men.
Japanese Continue Their Ad
vance Toward Foe's
New Position.
KUROPATKIN'S GENIUS
SAVES MAIN RUSSIAN
ARMY FROM DISASTER
VliADIVOSTOK, July 14.— Vice Ad
miral Skrydloff received a great ova
tion at a fete. to-day under the auspices
of the Thirtieth Rifle Regiment. The
horses were removed from his carriage,
which was then hauled by officers and
FETE IN SKRYDLOFF'S HONOR.
MILAN, Italy, July 14. — The Rus
sian Government has ordered 100,000
breast plates from a local company
engaged in the manufacture of cui
rassiers.
The cuirass is a pliable breastplate
weighing about one pound, measuring
a : little less than half an inch in
thickness and capable of resisting
bullets. The inventor gave a demon
stration before the Emperor last win
ter in St. Petersburg.
Czar Will Protect His Soldiers
Against Japanese Bullets.
SLAVS TO WEAR CUIRASSES.
There are only a few soldiers here.
The gunboat Sevoutch is still in the
river Liao and, it is believed that she
will resist should the Japanese attempt
to take Newchwang. Her officers and
crew say they will never surrender.
Last night two Japanese scouts
dressed as Chinese rode on horseback
through the city. .
NEWCHWANG, Wednesday, July
13.— It is reported that the Japanese
troops advancing on Kaichou have in
trenched and are awaiting reinforce
ments. Heavy firing is heard day and
night, proving that the Russians are
making a stubborn resistance. Rus
sian officers who come from New
chwang frequently from Tatchekalo
say that that place is well fortified.
Two Disguised as* Chinese Ride
Through Newchwang Streets.
DARING OF JAPANESE SCOUTS.
Anglo-Russian Treaty Expected.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 14.— The
general impression here is that the
Anglo-German arbitration treaty sign
ed on Tuesday will be followed soon
by a similar arrangement between Rus
sia and Great Britain.
Reform With a String to It.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 14.— An offi
cial statement regarding the Imperial
decree abolishing the system of con
demning political prisoners by admin
istrative order shows there is a reser
vation in "exceptional cases."
tent of . the Russian resistance will
probably be determined by the charac
ter of General Kuroki's and General
Nodzu's advance on Haieheng. A large
force of Japanese within striking dis
tance of Haicheng would render it im
possible for the Russian commander in
chief to remain at Tatchekiao, tn which
event there would be a fight at Hai
cheng, the result of which will be much
more important than the recent ene
gagment at Kaichou.
men of the regiment. After the ban
quet the admiral telegraphed to Gen
eral Kuropatkin that the assembly had
drank to his health, adding:
"The toast was received with tre
mendous annlause, a tribute to your
strategy and tactical ability. I am glad
to be able to communicate this fact K
you."
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, JULY .15, '1904.
2
AUVEETIEE1TX2JT8L
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
2?o Branch Ctor«*. Ko Af ents.
MORE PRODUCTIONS
FROM THE BRAIN-TREE
OP SMART CLOTHES
HAVE JUST ARRIVED.
DISTINCTIVE MODELS
CORRECTLY TAILORED,
AND A FEW NEW KINKS.
Kearny Street
T h u r 1 o w B 1 o-c-k
:'-,_-^_- -..-. __¦__'_¦¦. -.-..-: ADVERTISEMENTS.. ; -
|| . \ f\ REA T crowds, appreciative buyers, tremen- |1
|| ly J|^^ ' dous selling. Such is the first day's his- II
%l ijSV^SW^- 9 ' ' " tory of our great Alteration Sale. To-day and II
•• WiWiM^ ¦ to-morrow will be big days at ROOS BROS. ||
®5 if^Ml^^B Here are a few of the many good things in store for you when you ||
I? attend our great Alteration Sale. gg
j 99 - i-H-rg W-r%| - ' '* ..--p ' "¦ During: the extensive alterations now in progress to make our store the moet magnificent In the United f)Q
! OO f&liirt '¦''• INO I fci... ' States, we have, endeavored .to put yon to as little inconvenience ai possible. The startling price reduc- OO
j QO. K'LtM Kt"^M^t tions we have made, however, will compensate you a thousand-fold. ($ffl
oo ' v . •; : '. ". . .'¦. • ¦' '. . SI
ioo f Mail orders will be filled I Our splendid line of $15 Suits are too well known in San Francisco to require any introduction — 2?
J5 in the order in which they their Athletic shoulders, snug fitting collars, thorough hand tailoring and exclusive styles have character- 25
22 I are received. [ ze^ their excellence. Scotches, Cassimeres and Tweeds, Worsteds and Blue Thibets — sizes for you all g*
22 and plenty of them to select from. Marked down from $15 to $9.50. g|
22 * en
I! $20 Men's Suits— $13.50 $35 -Men's Suits— $23.50' 8
o© Our splendid $20 Suits of beautiful fabrics, richly These suits are the very best that money can buy, and S3
22 trimmed and well tailored— garments that bear the touch at $35 are considered the strongest values ever known in 2S
22' of the master tailor's hand. Suits that satisfy the most fas- San Francisco. To the man who appreciates very high- So
22 tidious fashion followers will be offered during this sale class attire it will be a revelation to know that they can 22
22 at S^-S 0 - ' have these suits at this sale at $2-2. co. %'X
©o • . ¦ -¦• .--. ¦- ' . . * D 09
|| Children's Suits Men's spring overcoats Men's Furnishings if
•I Sailors-Navy Blue, Red, Bro^ and Snappy, dashy garments in either short /% G.asten^ c^bra.ed Xat- S8
gg all the new colorings in guaranteed fabrics, or medium lengths — many of them silk \J^. ural Wool, reduced from $3.00 gg
§2 richly trimmed with braid and harmoniz- lined throughout-all sizes and styles. . '1\ a suit to $1.05 a garment. oe
OO ?•• . «*>rt n x r* j j x «>« j f-rk &/f:m?*k $3-OO Mercerized Underwear, 2S
00 ing colors — snappy little garments— our $20 Overcoats Reduced to $14.50 jS§aH|- solid white or blue, small sizes «o
©0 SDecial at '* 7 co are nnw O 7 e; $25.00 Overcoats reduced to ..$18.50 jK^^^liSS only, now $1.05 garment. gg
0 special at are now $2.75. $35QQ Ov ercoats reduced to $27.50 A^^fPl «ur $1.00 Form-fitting Un- gg
I®© Norfolks — Made of Corduroy, they are |_ derwear reduced to 35c gar- g§
gg very snappy, and have all the style and dash ; ?W Pajamas-white crepe §S
io to them and wear like iron— special at asn ves >" s «m pure white MfP —wear like iron— now $1.95- ®2
fg -^ • ¦•^ 1 _-../' "/'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦« Vests $3.25. Vests $2.00, 52.00 Vests Sl.3=» . % VPS FANCY HOSE— octfs and •»
gg S5.OO— HOW $3.75. ¦> $4aad$4^0V gs t5$2.75 t $2.^V es t s 81.75 > $l.50Vest5$1.00| * 3 % ends— 50c lines 35 C . 3 pairs gg
' OO .."-'.'":¦ ' ..'- : ¦• -¦ '¦.'¦ '" '¦"'• "' ' ¦ ""' ' ¦ ¦ '" p .-' _ " for $1 flO ' ©O
S§ Russian Blouses '"•"'"•' •¦ cLovEs-odds and ends. gg
gg pretty little garments, all Colors. m S I 8 1% K I @ Pw j& Conductor's and Gripman's Uniforms g|;
SI $4.50 Russians, now $3.00 Jf™ A 'S^^ sa^ S^^ uSfornSfform^rly sold^high^afs^ •£
oo $6.50 Russians, now $4.25 ¦ IV L A RN y.£\L*jJJ> « Q w ill be sold during this sale at SI 2 50- oz
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gn uttractWe Woman
NEEDS A CLEAR COMPLEXION.
We E>5P<zcidJly r^ecorrjrrjerjd
CAUSES THE- L?LOOD
TO CIRCULAR
MAK&S THE SKIN HEALTHY
k~'S01/> £yALL Ofit/e/STS.-fSIOUX CITY, Iowa, July 14.-— The
plant of the Cudahy Packing Com
pany will resume killing here to
morrow with 400 workmen, according
to a statement made to-night by Man
ager William Watson. Some: cattle
were bought on the local market to
day, and. with the assistance of some
of the company's clerical force, who
have volunteered their services, the
plant will be able to take care of
them.
Cudahy's Sioux City Plant to Be Re
opened This Morning:. f V
CLERKS WILL DON APRONS.
ST. PAUL, July 14. — Between 100
and 200 men were taken into Swift &
Co.'s plant at South St. Paul before
daybreak to-day and 550 hogs and 85
cattle, about 15 per cent of an ordi
nary day's killing, were slaughtered.
The company is hiring all available
men to take the places of the strik
ers. J. D. Bangs, a local representa
tive of the Swifts at South St. Paul,
said to-night that all men, union or
non-union, who presented themselves
for work will be employed without
delay.
Swift Will Engage Men Without Re-
CHrd to Their Aflillations.
"OPEN SHOP" IN ST. PAUL.
KANSAS CITY PLANTS REOPEN.
New Men Are Employed and Slaugh-'
tcring of Beeves Resumed.
KANSAS CITY, July 14.— Four of the
six packing plants resumed killing to
day on a limited scale, and the man
agement of each said it will Increase
its efforts to-morrow. The different
plants each hired some new men and
they assert that many more will be
employed to-mcrrow. On the other
hand, 200 boxmakers, coopers and la
borers went out to-day, and the union
officers say that 1090 men have joined
the strikers In the past forty-eight
hours. Louis Timmerman, president of
the Pork Butchers' Union in Kansas
City, said to-day:
"We initiated 300 men yesterday and
to-day, from the Fowler and Armour
plants alone, into our unions. We are
taking in all the unskilled laborers
who will consent to join the strike."
There was no show of violence to
day. The supply of meat on hand has
materially decreased since the strike
began.
"There is not enough meat in town to
make it worth while to advance prices
further," said C. W. Armour of the Ar
mour Packing Company to-day.
The different plants sold at the reg
ular prices, although many local deal
ers raised the price on pork and fresh
beef slightly.
GADSKI ENGAGED FOR
HER AMERICAN* TOUR-
Contracts Arc Signed and First Ap
pearance Will Be Made hi
Boston.
NEW YORK. July 14.— Contracts
have been signed with Mme. Johanna
Gadski, who will make her first Amer
ican transcontinental tour In concert
and song beginning in November at the
Boston Symphony Orchestra. Gadski
will give recitals In New York and
Boston and then will go direct to the
Pacific Coast by way of the North
western cities.
wjn in a majority of the Assembly dis
tricts in San Francisco.
The ReDublican State Central Com
mittee is ready to receive contribu
tions.. Republican leaders are not over
looking the significant fact that the
Democrats will have money to squan
der in this campaign. It has been
suggested to General George Stone
that initial contributions to the Repub
lican funds should be $5000 each from
Bard, Oxnard, Knight and Flint as
candidates for the United States Sen
ate, and $5000 extra from George
Knight as national committeeman.
While the peace negotiations were In
progress to-day additional prepara-
The proposition made by M. J.
Donnelly for the strikers, which led to
the conference to-day, contained the
following demands:
"That all employes who struck shall
be employed in their old positions
within three days; that the packers
pay the wages prevailing before the
strike, pending arbitration; that the
arbitration committee be composed of
one member of the packers, one mem
ber of the strikers, the two to select a
third (the three arbitrators to be prac
•"ical packing-house men); that the
award In wages to be made by the arbi
trators shall take effect from the time
of resumption of work, but that the
award shall not involve any reduction
in wages."
The representatives of the packers
replied to Donnelly as follows: '
"In reply to your note and explan
ation of what you are willing to arbi
trate, we cannot acquiesce in same. We
are willing to arbitrate the whole mat
ter, covering wages and working con
ditions of aJI employes out on strike,
you having the privilege of bringing
before the arbitrators for decision any
question of wages or conditions or other
grievances you may think you have;
we to have like privilege, and both to
abide by the decision of the arbitrators.
We will retain all now at work and will
re-employ all the men now out as fast
as possible, giving preference In the
order of application, at the wages re
ceived when going on strike, pending
the decision of the arbitrators."
The note was signed by Armour &
Co., Swift & Co., Nelson Morris & Co.,
Schwarzchlld & Sulzberger, the Na
tional Packing Company, the Cudahy
Packing Company and LIbby, McNeill
& Libby.
DONNELLY'S PROPOSITION.
In the preliminaries of the peace
movement Donnelly acted for the
Ftrikers and J. Ogden Armour for the
packers. Samuel Gompers, whose ad
vice Donnelly sought, urged the local
leader to accept arbitration on any fair
terms.
The hitch in the negotiations is over
the reinstatement of the strikers. The
union demands that every one who
went on strike shall be given his old
place before an agreement to arbitrate
will be considered. The packers de
clare that they will retain the men
they have employed since the strike
and will take back the old men in the
order in which they apply for their old
positions.
After a conference, which lasted all
of the afternoon between representa
tives of the packers and members of
the unions the employers to-night are
waiting for an answer to a counter
proposition, which they this afternoon
submitted to M. J. Donnelly in reply
to a statement of the terms upon
v.'hich he would be willing to make a
settlement. Donnelly said to-night
that the counter proposition of the
packers would be rejected and that he
•would in turn present a counter propo
sition to-morrow.
CHICAGO. July 14. — The strike
which has demoralized the packing in
dustry throughout the country has not
yet been Ff-ttled. but there are indica
tions that It will soon end by the ad
justment of the difficulties by arbitra
tion.
SPOKESMAN FOR THE PACKKRS AND REPRESENTATIVE OF THK UNION IX THE NEGOTIATIONS FOR A SETTLEMENT
OK THK BUTCHER:? STRIKE. AND NATIONAL I.ABOR LEADER, WHO COUNSELED IN FAVOR OF ARBITRATION OF
THE DIPrCTn BETWEEN EMPLOYERS AND STRIKERS
A large number of car repairers, who
struck Tuesday in sympathy with the
butcher crafts, were forced by their
own union to return to work to-day.
Railroad men and others are beginning
to feel the result of the strike. Several
train crews were laid off to-day. Mer
chants and small retail dealers also
are affected. There was no advance in
the price of meats to-day.
appointed 100 stewards to maintain or
der v.ithin the ranks of the strikers
and strict orders against violence
and drinking to excess.
While some slaughtering was being
done at all of the South Omaha pack
ing-houses, it was mostly of stock left
in the pens when the strike began. Very
little livestock was bought by packers
to-day. About 350 men were employed
at the four plants, mostly unskilled la
borers and office men. All of the man
agers, however, said that new men
would be given employment when ap
plication was made, although no great
effort would be made for the present
to bring men in from the outside.
The strikers conducted themselves in
an orderly manner to-day. About 250
pickets were about the entrances to the
yards and turned back a few men who
bought employment. The strike leaders
OMAHA. Nebr.. July 14.— The hope
uppermost in the minds of both pack
ers and strikers to-day was that the
negotiations pending in Chicago look-
Ing to a settlement by arbitration of
the strike of the packing-house em
ployes throughout the country would
reach a successful conclusion.
Both Factions In South Omaha Would
Welcome a Settlement.
HOPE STRIKE WILL END.
A line of officers was at once drawn
up In front of the station and after a
short time the crowd dispersed.
Another fight occurred at Marshfleld
avenue and Forty-fifth street, where a
mob attacked a squadron of policemen
with bricks. Several officers were
slightly hurt and they were compelled
to disperse the crowds with their clubs.
Other fights took place during the
evening along Marshfield avenue, but
nobody was seriously hurt.
The temper of the crowd was ugly
and for a time it looked as though
they would attempt to storm the sta
tion. Calls were sent for reinforce
ments and in a short time several pa
trol wagons, filled with officers from
other stations, came upon the scene.
The crowd refused to give way and
the. officers were compelled to fight
their way through to the station door.
Andrulis and the man first arrested
were taken by the police to the. station,
which, In a few minutes, was sur
rounded by a crowd of several hundred
men. women and boys.
The incidents leading up to the shoot
ir.g of Andrulis ' commenced when a
party of strikers met a detachment of
police under the command of Lieuten
ant Moore, on Paulina street, near
Forty-fifth. One of the crowd hurled
a stone at the officers and was at once
placed under arrest. The police started
toward the station with their prisoner,
when his companions attacked them
with stones. Several volleys of stones
had been thrown when the police drew
their revolvers and fired at the crowd.
Andrulis fell with a bullet through his
shoulder and his companions fled.
Rioting commenced in the stockyards
district to-night and one man. Anfonse
Andrulis. was shot in the left shoulder
by the police. He is not fata*lly in
jured.
tions were being made by the packers
at the yards for a long siege. The pack
ers, hearing that efforts were being
made to induce the railroad men who
are members of unions to refuse to
handle supplies for the plants where
the men are on strike, were busy all
day putting in great stocks of coal, lest
the railroad men should attempt to
stop their supply.
POLICE SHOOT AT RIOTER.
Prohibitionists in State Convention.
EVERETT, T.'ash.. July 14. — The
Prohibition State convention haa
named A. H. Sherwood of Everett for
Governor. The platform pledges
"our estate, our lives, our sacred
honor." to the final overthrow of the
liquor traffic.
Ohio Democrat Declines a Nomination
for Congress.
STEUBF.NVILLE, Ohio, July 14. —
J. H. Timberlake of Steubenville, who
was nominated by the Democrats for
Congress in the Sixteenth District, has
sent a letter declining the nomination
and saying that he will not support
Parker, who, he believes, has the back
ing of the "trusts."
WILL NOT SUPPORT PARKER.
"The . anti-trust plank is a good one.
It demands the enforcement of the
criminal clause of the criminal law
against the trusts; it demands the abo
lition of rebates and discriminations
and it demands the withdrawal of the
interstate privileges from trusts when
once convicted.
"The plank is infinitely superior to
the Republican plank, and with a
President who desired to destroy the
trusts would be a sufficient plank; but
as this trust plank also was substituted
by the full committee there is reason
to fear that it may not be in keeping
with the ideas of the candidate.
"The labor plank is all that could be
desired. It declares against Govern
ment by Injunction; it favors arbitra
tion and the elght-ho\ir day and de
nounces the methods that have been
resorted to in the Colorado strike; but
as these planks were added in the full
committee some uncertainty exists as
to the candidate's position.
"The platform declares in favor of
LINCOLN. Neb., July 14.— William
J. Bryan to-day made public the fol
lowing statement relating to the Dem
ocratic platform adopted at St. Louis:
"The plank on imperialism Is posi
tive, strong and satisfactory to the
entire party and this question becomes
the paramount issue of this campaign.
"The tariff ( plank Is good, but It was
made so on a close vote in the com
mittee and largely against the opposi
tion of Mr. Parker's adherents. The
plank which was voted down favored
'a wise, conservative and business-like'
revision, made 'with due regard to ex
isting conditions.* Tne committee
thought that these qualifying words
emasculated the plank and left it so
weak as to give no hope to the tariff
reformers.
Delivers Another Roast While Dis
cussing St. Louis Platform.
BRYAN SLAPS AT PARKER.
WATERVILLE. Me.. July 14. — The
Democratic gubernatorial convention
was held here to-day. The resolutions
affirmed and indorsed the platform
adopted by the Democratic National
Convention in St. Louis, pledged sup
port to its nominees and demanded
the election of United States Senators
by direct vote of the people. Cyrus
W. Davis, Mayor of Waterville, was
nominated for Governor.
Mayor Davis of Watcrrllle Is Nomi
nated for Governor.
MAINE DEMOCRATS MEET.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee has established headquarters in
the California Hotel. Angel Tim Spel
lacy of Kern County will be here next
week. Party leaders are confident that
the Democratic organization will be
well supplied with the sinews of war.
They assert that the Democrats will
The Iroquols Club is a red hot Bryan
organization and perhaps the speak
ers may find It agreeable to say very
little about Judge Parker of Esopus.
"The Republicans of Southern Cali
fornia are entitled by precedent and
fairness to name one of the United
States Senators from this State. The
success of the Republican party in the
last gubernatorial election was due to
the loyalty and vigilance of the Repub
lican hosts In the southland. California
was saved from Democratic administra
tion by the zeal of Republicans in Los
Angeles, Ventura, Santa Barbara, San
Diego, San Bernardino, Orange and
Riverside. As the Governor of the
State, a Cabinet Minister and one of
the United States Senators dwell In
the region north of the Tehachapi
range, the Republicans of the south
should name one of the Senators in
Congress. Strong influences In the
north will surely be fnvoked to give the
south the Senatorship in this cam
paign, as Governor Pardee, Victor H.
Metcalf and George C. Perkins are
looking ahead for the Senatorial prize
four years hence and will want a clear
field. George A. Knight's boom may
be kept fresh so he can enter the con
test of 1908 on an equal footing with
such conspicuous statesmen as Per
kins, Pardee and Metcalf."
Colonel Iaukea and T. B. Lyons, dele
gates to the National Democratic con
vention at St. Louis, arrived here yes
terday on their way home. Colonel
Iaukea will address the Iroquols Club
this evening on political conditions In
the Hawaiian Islands.
Politicians generally incline to the
opinion that the successful .candidate
for the Senatorial prize will hail from
the south. A Republican leader yester
day sized up the situation in this fash
ion:
Senator Bard expressed himself as
delighted over the cordiality of his re
ception in San Francisco. Among the
callers at the Occidental Hotel yester
day were former Lieutenant Governor
Jaccb H. Neff of Placer County and
W. B. Hamilton, acting Collector of
Customs.
There are so many worthy aspirants
In the field that Senator Perkins Is
constrained by the fullness of his gen
erosity to give all of them his support.
It is common gossip in political circles
that the senior United States Senator
will not single out any aspirant for his
special favor and -will surely do noth
ing to impair the political fortunes of
his colleague in the Senate, for whom
he entertains the highest regard.
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard and Dr. Chester Rowell left San
Francisco for Sacramento last evening
and will go south to-day. Many well
known citizens called at the Occidental
Hotel yesterday to pay their respects
to the visiting statesmen. Senators
Perkins and Bard met in friendly con
ference yesterday afternoon. The Sen
atorial situation was briefly reviewed
in a general way. -
"There are never friends like the old
friends. Friendship Is not a plant of
rapid growth. For more than a quar
ter of a century I have passed you day
by day. We met on the streets as we
were going about our several duties.
.We chatted 'together at the clubs and
met one another in social intercourse
at our respective houses. We sorrow
ed together when dear friends passed
away. Together we helped one anoth
er on occasions of need. We rejoiced
together when some great joy came
Replying to an address of congratu
lation from the visitors. Judge Par
ker said:
A new sort of letters at hand to-day
were those of the parents who have
named their newly born children
"Alton," or •Parker" or boi:i, after
Judge Parker.
Congressman Bourke Cockran of New
York, August Belmont and William R.
Iiodcy of the Democratic State com
mittee arrived at Ksopus to-day and
were taken to Rosemount in Judge
Parker's carriage. They came on invi
tation of Judge Parker and did not
know what would be' the subject of the
conference or how long they would
stay. Cockran was asked if he would
take the stump for Judge Parker. '
"It is not necessary to ask that," he
replied.
He said" that he would support the
ticket with his whole heart.
Six carloads of enthusiastic friends
of Judge Parker came 1 down on a
special train to-night to celebrate the
Judge's nomination. Most of those
who came were Democrats, but there
were not a few old Republican friends
of the Judge and the celebration was
designed to be non-partisan In char
acter. Headed by the First Regiment
band of Kingston, the visitors marched
to Rosemont and gave Judge Parker
a rousing ovation.
"I shall go into the campaign before
us with a greater confidence of victory
than 1 have ever had before: nol even
excepting the campaign of 1876."
Henry Watterson, editor of the Louis
ville Courier - Journal, sent Judge
Parker a lot of clippings from his
paper, with a letter in which he con
gratulated the Judge, and concluded as
follows: t
early mail to-day and the Judge went
briskly at them. Among, the letters was
one from Richard Olney, dated Boston,
July 13, as -follows:
"You* must allow me to express my
great satisfaction that you are to be
the candidate of the Democratic party
for the Presidential office in the coming
election. That the party and the coun
try cannot be too emphatically con
gratulated is certain. Whether you can
fairly be congratulated personally I beg
leave to doubt. Your present position
is so exalted and so manifestly con
genial to your tastes and is filled with
so much dignity that leaving it for
politics cannot justly be imputed to
anything except patriotic sense of
duty."
"Pn the whole the platform is good.
From a Western standpoint its great
est defect is that it makes no mention
of the money question. An attempt
was made to secure a plank opposing
the melting of the silver dollars, op
posing the asset currency and branch
banks and expressing a preference for
the United States note (ordinarily
known as the greenback) over the bank
note; but, having refused to put in a
gold plank, the committee was not
willing to have any phase of the money
question alluded to.
"While the motion to reaffirm the
Kansas City platform was voted down,
there was a considerable vote In favor
of its reaffirmatlon and the Western
members of the committee, together
with a few from the South, stood to
gether and secured enough changes in
the platform to make it a presentable
document and worthy of the support
of the party."
the reduction of the army. Upon this
the committee was unanimous. The
sub-commitee reported a plank in
favor of an Increase of the navy, but
this was stricken out In the full com
mittee.
"The platform has a plank in favor
of the enlargement of the scope of the
Interstate Commerce Commission and
in favor of Irrigation. The general
clauses of the platform ertclte no dis
pute and the appeal against the intro
duction of a race issue ought to have
weight with the sober thinking Ameri
cans.
TALKS WITH PERKINS
Politicians Hold to Belief
That Senatorial Prize Be
longs to the Southland
into the lives of some of our friends.
"During those years we formed re
lations of friendship with one another.
As one illustration of it we find that
twenty-six of you went to St. Louis
through the heat to say something
kindly of one of your friends of the
Kingston and Ulster County band as
sociated together for so many years.
And I know very well that they did
not tell the whole truth at St. Louis.
There is something about those friends
whom I have known so well these
years that makes it impossible for
them to tell the exact truth about a
friend and I know well that in talking
to the several delegations . there they
failed to recollect aught but those
things which pictured their neighbor
as they liked him and liked to view
him.
"I need not say that I am very grate
ful to those men. I did not ask them
to go-, but I appreciated the fact that
they went. I knew that they would
be a force there, as I have learned
they proved to be, and I know very
well that if a little effort had been
made the band could have been very
largely increased from among friends
and neighbors who would have been
only too glad to go.
"I am nc/t going to attempt to make
a speech, but I want to welcome you
to Rosemont. Never will I forget while
I live the happy days when we mef
day by day and shook each other by
the hand and discussed the various sit
uations presented.
"I am grateful to all of you who have
come here and I want to take this op
portunity to shake all of my neighbors
by the hand and to say to each one of
you God-speed."
Continued r From Page 1, Column 7.
Cordial Greeting by Leading
Men of the Metropolis
Is Noteworthy Incident
SENATOR BARD
IS GRITIFIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
Packers Refuse to Give Men Who Walked Out the Preference
Over Those Employed Since the Trouble Began and the Union
Will Not Consent to Arbitration Unless This Point Be Yielded
ONLY ONE OBSTACLE DELAYS
SETTLEMENT OF THE STRIKE
Bryan, Discussing the St. Louis Platform, Sharply Attacks Head of
National Ticket— Democratic Nominee for Congress in Ohio
Announces That He Will Support the Republican Ticket
PRESIDENT WILL- RECEIVE
MINE WORKERS' COMMITTEE
3
ADVEBTISEMENT&.
¦ i
v ¦
1 "' Stylish Ready - to - Wear Garments
Reduced From $15.00 and $12.50 to
¦-¦^B^^^^^^0S&$i The great number of customers who called this week
f° r these special sale suits proves to us conclusively that
JS^^^^^^^^^^^ the public puts faith in our statements.
and apparently every customer was satis-
j^^^^^^^iVn^S'i § \ ? !;v • tled - At least we did not hear a complaint.
fl^^^^^ '"¦::¦':•} \ jr.- •'" 2 J These suits have actuallv been reduced
> '. t; t 1 ' tTOm £>13.UU 3nQ pl^.w-U tO iJll.JJ. Al SLOv-K
wB^^^^iSf i^J •' • k. ! ; wanted to close out b?cause the sizes were
!/vj,' , ! ' ; i[r\> tomer we took several lines of new goods
||pg| i|llp8§ •/'/ Pv * • You dont nee<^ t0 keep the suit becauss
'""»S^^^S^H^! /i !' !•.•-»- Mail orders filled — write to-day— send chest,Funeral of Sirs. Clemens Is Held.
ELMIRA. N. Y.. July 14.— The
funeral of Mrs. Samuel L. Clemens,
wife of Mark Twain, was held here to
day at the home of her brother. Gen
eral Charles J. Langdon. The burial
was in Woodlawn Cemetery.
age. were drowned In the Anfmas
Itiver to-day near Animas City. They
were fishing in. the stream when the
boy fell into the water. Weiland went
to his rescue and both were drowned.
Man Attempt/I to Rescue Boy Who
Has Fallen Into River and Both
Lose Lives.
DURANOO. Colo*. July 14. — Daniel
Weiland, a pioneer mining man. an-1
Clarence Collins, a boy 14 years of
TWO ARE DROWNED IX
A COLORADO STREAM
It was cabled from Lima February
last that the Peruvian Government
had published a decree setting forth
that foreigners desiring to marry Pe
ruvians must present a certificate from
their Consuls to the effect that they
were not married and besides a sworn
declaration from two witnesses of the
document. •
LIMA. Peru. July 14. — The Govern
ment has suspended the decree of
January 23 of. the .present year re
specting the marriage of Peruvians
with foreigners, in consequence of the
representation* of the American and
British Ministers.
Order Requiring Foreigners to Present
Certificate as to Their Standing
Is Withdrawn.
PERU MODERATES THE
DECREE OX MARRIAGE
PHILADELPHIA, July 14.—Coun
sel for the Philadelphia Baseball Ex
hibition Company, Ernest H. Crow
hurst, sporting editor of the Evening
Telegram; Robert Fitzsimmons and
Joseph A. Hagen, better known as
"Philadelphia Jack O'Brien," to-day
filed a bill in equity in the Common
Pleas Court in their behalf against
Mayor Weaver and Director of Public
Safety Smythe, who is at the head of
the Police Department, praying for an
injunction restraining them from in
terfering with the Fitzsimmons-
O'Brlen bout, which is scheduled to
take place Saturday, July 16, or Sat
urday. July 23. The bill was pre
sented to Judge Audenreid in cham
bers and he fixed 11 a. m. to-morrow
for a hearing.
It is urged that the exhibition is to
be purely a scientific one and not a
prizefight No decision is to be ren
dered nor is any bet or wager to be.
decided. The contest Is to be friendly
and a like sum is to be given to each
of the contestants, based upon the re
ceipts.
Injunction Is Sought to Restrain the
Police From Interfering With
Coming Bout.
FITZ AND O'BRIEN ASK
COURT FOR PROTECTION
BERLIN, July 14. — The evening pa
pers to-day print warm eulogies of
former President Kruger, studiously
avoiding anti-British expression. .
Eulogized by German Press.
Spender-Clay resigned his commis
sion in the guards after the "ragging"
scandals at Windsor in September,
1902. His father was one of the larg
est shareholders in the Bass Brewing
Company and left an immense for
tune, which Miss Astor's future hus
band shared with his sister, who is
the wife of Lord Bingham, the recent
ly elected member of Parliament for
the Chertsey division of Surrey.
LONDON, July 14.— William Wal
dorf Astor's newspaper, the Pall Mall
Gazette, announces the engagement of
Astor's daughter, Pauline, to Captain
H. H. Spender-Clay, formerly of the
Second Life Guards, who leaped into
fame by sending Lord William Nev
ille to tne years' p^nal servitude in
February, 1699, on the charge of
fraud in connection with a promis
sory note.
Swond Lire Guards, Will Wed
the Young Woman.
Captain Spender-Clay, Formerly of the
DAUGHTER OF ASTOR IS
ENGAGED TO MARRY
SAN JOSE, July 13.— A contract for tha
erection of a chapel, receiving rault and r»t»
house for the Alta Mesa Cemetery. th« new
burial ground that has been laid out between
Palo Alto and Mavfleld. was filed In th« Re
corder's office here, to-day.
Convention of Christian Churches.
SANTA CRUZ, July 14. — The forty
seventh annual convention of the
Christian churches will commence on
Monday next at Garfield Park, and it
promises to be the largest ever held
In the history of the church.
MAY LOSE- FRANCHISE ¦
•IN SOLANO COUNTY
Supervisors Will. Act if Bay. Counties
Power Company Is to Blame for
Shade's Death.
BENICIA, July 14.— The Bay Counties
Power Company may lose its right of
way through Solano County as the re
sult of the death of Chester Shade, who
was struck by a live wire on the 4th
inst.
The Supervisors Intend to probe deep
ly into the matter, and if it can be
proved that the company was negligent
in stringing the wires or that it vio
lated its agreement it may lose the
franchise. According to the ordinance
granting the franchise it was necessary
for the company to see that the wires
crossed all roads at a height of thirty
feet, and they were to be fastened in
such a manner as to prevent them fall
ing to the ground.
Forest Fires in British Columbia.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 14. — Ow
ing to the long dry period forest fires
along the British Columbia coast have
given unusual anxiety this year. A
bush fire is now raging at Wolffsohn
Bay, a large area having been burned
over. Settlers at Roberts Creek bare
ly escaped with their lives and all
their property was destroyed, accord
ing to reports brought down by steam
er to-day.
American Sloop Victorious.
DIEHL, Eng., July 14. — At the Royal
Temple Yacht Club's regatta to-day
the race for yachts exceeding fifty tons
was won by the American schooner
yacht Ingomar, owned by Morton F.
Plant of New York.
CLARENS, Switzerland, July 14.—
Paul Kruger, former President of the '
Transvaal republic, who died here at
3 o'clock this morning from pneumonia
and supervening heart weakness, first
lost consciousness on Monday. His
daughter and son-in-law were with
him at the time of his death.
The former President's f body was
embalmed and this afternoon the re
mains were placed in a vault pending
funeral arrangements. Application
will be made to the British Government
for authority to transport the body to
the Transvaal. In the meantime it will
be temporarily interred here.
Kruger, who was staying at the
villa de Boichet, had been gradually
failing for a long time, but he was
able to attend to affairs, read the news
papers and received visits until Satur
day. A change for the worse set in on
Sunday. He became unconscious on
Monday and remained so until his
death.
On several occasions Kruger ex
pressed a desire to be buried beside his
wife, in his own country.
The post-mortem examination of the
body showed that Kruger died of senile
pneumonia, caused by sclosls of the
arteries, which made rapid progress
during the last few weeks.
Unconscious for Three Days Before
Death Gave Relief.
LAST HOURS OF KRUGER.
DIXON, July 14.— Leonard Githle, an
aged farmer living near this place,
while returning home from town to
day fell from his heavily loaded wagon
and one of the wheels passed over his
body, killing him. Githle leaves a large
family.
Farmer Meets Accidental Death.
SANTA BARBARA, July 14. — Ed
ward J. Carney, a. member of the firm
of Carney, Roy & ' Carney, railroad
construction contractors, committed
suicide at his home in this city to-day
by shooting himself through the heart
with a rifle. Carney became despond
ent over financial matters. He made
an attempt to end his life yesterday by
Jumping off the wharf here, but was
rescued.
Edward. J. Carney Shoots Himself
Through the Heart With a Rifle .
While Despondent.
BULLET • ENDS THE LTFB
OP RAILROAD CONTRACTOR
ST. LOUIS. July 14.— The following
California ns have registered at the Cal
ifornia building:
Miscellaneous — C. A. Conades, King
City; A. Anderson, Gridley; J. M.
Booth, Pomona; W. E. Sherperd, Ven
tura; Mrs. W. L. Burton, Colton; W.
M. Wai den, Fresno; M. W. Dunningan,
Antioch; J. A. Fay ,' Anaheim; L. E.
Hay ward, San Diego; E. Dulien, Berke
ley; W. Spurgeon and W. P. Joplin,
Santa Ana; Airs. D. Duncan, San Ra
fael: F-. Taggart and son, Bakersfield;
H. B. Weller and family, Sacramento;
A. Fay, Anaheim; Mrs. E. E. Hiller,
Riverside; W. F. Allen, Pacific Grove;'
Mrs. B. Boyle, Hanford; E. E. Miller,
Riverside; R. H. Barrett, Gavlota; R.
M. Morris, Stockton; -J. .C, Storment,
Pomona;- ,!|Irs, JJattJ<?, Bailey, Eureka;
W. R. Parker, Oroville; D. Duncan, San
Rafael; T. C. Jame'seri, Corona; E. H;
Moses, Newark; R. C. Long, Gridley;
C. A. Owarney, Benicia; G. S. DGntpn;
Truckee; A. W. Jones, San Rafael;'
Mrs. M. Goettraffner, Chlco; E. .Nese
mum, Marysville; C. E. Walden, Fow
ler. ....
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
Golden State Is Well Represented at
the Exposition.
BUTTE, Mont., July 14. — William
Clark Jr., son of United States Senator
\V. A. Clark, the multi-millionaire, has
Just returned from Denver, • where he
attended the Overland Park races with
his string of harness horses. Clark
has evolved a plan for a Rocky Moun
tain circuit of race tracks, taking in
Denver, Salt Lake City and Butte, and
afterward to cover such cities as wish
to coma in. The plan involves the pur
chase of Overland Park at Denver and
the building of a race track at Salt
Lake to be operated in conjunction
with the present track at Butte.
Clark's first idea was to have meet
ings in three cities, like that which has
jug* closed at Overland, including har
ness and running races, but if the plan
for the circuit goes through, the racing
will have to be almost entirely for the
runners after the close of the meet-
Ing at Overland. Clark has opened ne
gotiations with Edwin Gaylord for the
purchase of Overland Park at Denver.
Clark Is the principal owner, of the
Butte track.
Young Millionaire at Head of Con
cern to Promote Rocky Moun
tain Meetings.
SENATOR CLARK'S SON" PLANS
A BIO RACE, TRACK CIRCUIT
Sheriff Farley and I were the best of friends.
I bore him no malice and v would not have
killed him had I not been under the Influence
of liquor. I have not the slightest 'recollection
of what transpired that night.
Suesser looks well and has shown no
sign of breaking down. He says he
has been treated with the utmost kind
ness by all the prison officials since his
confinement. For the last few weeks
Suesser had been shamming insanity,
but gave up the idea to-day when, he
found he could not deceive "Warden
Tompkins. ¦ :•• • -- • • •'
SACRAMENTO, July 1:4.— Acting
Governor Alden Anderson declined to
stay the execution of George Sue3ser,
who is to be haneed at San Quentin
to-morrow morning, although a num
ber of appeals have been made to him.
Suesser killed Sheriff H. Farley in
Monterey County in 1899.
Suesser in an interview with a Call
reporter to-night said:
I have been hera nearly fiv« years and hav«
done everything in my power to have my sen
tence commuted, but fate Is against me and I
guess I will be 'hanged to-morrow. I think It
Is my fate to be hanged. My mother haa told
me many times that when I was a baby a
gryppy fortune teller looked at me as I lay In
my cradle and t>ald: "I can see the rope around
his neck."
Acting Governor Anderson Declines to
Stay the Execution of Sheriff
Furley's Slayer.
MURDERER SUESSER.
IS TO BE UANGED TO-DAY
PACIFIC GROVE. July 14. — Inter
est in and attendance on the Chautau
qua assembly are matters of congrat
ulation to the management The va
ried features of the sessions are be
ing carried out with promptness and
the spacious auditorium is well filled
at every meeting. One of the early
morning features to-day was under
the head of "Walks and Talks" when
at the 6 o'clock low tide Dr. Joslah
Keep of Mills Seminary conducted a
class of forty to the picturesque rocks
along the beach and lectured on
shells and shell life.
Various classes held their seslsons
to-day and all were well attended. The
devotional exercises were conducted
by Rev. Mr. Jenness, and the Sunday
school normal lecture was by Rev. H.
H. BeU, whose energetic style of
speaking draws large crowds. Dr.
George B. Smyth lectured this after
noon on China. This evening Lou J.
Beauchamp entertained a large audi
ence in the auditorium.
Dr. C. C. Stratton has been delayed
in Chicago and j his arrival « is now
rather indefinite. The anniversary ex
ercises and banquet will occur with
out him . next Monday, though his
presence was counted on, -he being the
pioneer. 1 president. ,,, , T
Dr. Stratton May Xot Arrive in Time
to Attend the Anniversary Exer
cises and Banquet.
CHAUTAUQUA ASSEMBLY
IS BEING WELL ATTENDED
Kruger received few visitors, but
waived his usual seclusion to permit
the presentation of the superb gift, the
cost of which was raised through pop
ular subscription, expressive of French
admiration, and he also ¦¦¦ received pri
vate gifts, one being a considerable
legacy from a Boer admirer. But "be
fore leaving Mentone he returned the
legacy to relatives of the deceased.
PARIS, July 14.— The death of. the
former President of the Transvaal,
Paul Kruger, at Clarens, Switzerland,
aroused widespread regret here, owing
to French sympathy for the Boer cause
and personal admiration for "Oom
Paul." When he recently left Mentone
his health was gradually failing
through old age, constitutional disor
ders and throat trouble, which threat
ened to extend to the lungs. However,
his personal physician, Dr. Heymann,
did not apprehend a speedy crisis, and
Kruger himself resisted the idea that
his physical powers were failing. He
had arranged to return to Mentone
next fall, releasing the picturesque villa
which he had occupied on the out
skirts of the town. Nevertheless, his
near friends recognized that Kruger's
once rugged constitution was gradually
going to pieces.
Visitors describe him as being a pa
thetic figure of calm endurance. His
eyesight had dimmed, but he sat much
at times with his Bible open before
him, muttering well-known passages.
He avoided reference to tne Boer war,
but when it was occasionally mention
ed he showed no resentment and ex
pressed the belief that providence
would eventually render Justice to the
Boer cause.
Passing of tlie Boer Patriarch Arouses
Widespread Regret.
DEATH GRIEVES FRANCE.
•'He will fail where greater than he
failed before him." said Chamberlain,
who then asked why should Parliament
p'.ay into the hands of John Redmond
by giving him power to which he was
not justly entitled.
Chamberlain concluded by ridiculing
the opposition.
Lord Tennyson moved a vote of con
fidence in the Government and the ap
proval of its finance policy, which was
unanimously carried.
Lord Lansdowne briefly acknowl
edged the resolution and said it would
greatly strengthen the hands of Pre
mier Balfour.
LONDON, July 14.— Joseph Chamber
lain was elected president and Lord
Lansdowne vice president of the newly
reconstructed Liberal Unionists' Coun
cil at a meeting In London to-day.
which y.a.e attended by 1800 delegates
from. all part? of the kingdom. A n^s
oiution was passed in favor of a com
r!ete reform of the British fiscal sys
tem, approving the Premier's demand
i'or-increase<i powers to deal with hos- i
tile tariffs and "dumping." and ex
rressinR sympathy v.ith the proposals
for preferential arrangements between
the colonies and the motherland. The
resolution was adopted with practical
unanimity and Chamberlain, who pre
sided, pointed out that it must fairly
represent the views of the Liberal
unionists, as no fewer than 278 sepa
rate associations were represented at
ihe meeting.
The part taken by Lord Lansdowne
and Lord Selborne in the new organi
zation, which the Evening Standard
calls the "Annex Tariff Reform
League,' evoked much interest. The
Standard considers the /act that the
principal member of Balfour's Cabinet
have become vice presidents of an elec
tioneering association of which Cham
berlain is chief raises a grave constitu
tional question, and it is paid that the
opposition intends to raise the question
in the House of Commons and invite
Balfour to explain how two members
of his Cabinet come to be supporting a
policy so different from that enunciated
by the Premier himself.
Chamberlain presided over and de
livered a epeech at an immense meet-
Ing in Albert Hall to-night under the
auspices of the Liberal Unionist Coun
cil. In beginning his speech Chamber
lain, who was given a tremendous ova
tion, said that the organization of the
Liberal Unionist Council was primarily
for the maintenance of the union be
tween England and Ireland under the
control of one supreme council. There
was nothing in the present circum
stances to justify the relaxation of vig
ilance in this direction.
After discussing at length the finance
Question on practically the same lines
es in his former speeches. Chamberlain
returned to the Irish question and said
that the council was impressing upon
the Government the necessity of re
form in the Irish representation. The
leader of the Nationalist party in the
House of Commons controlled some
eighty votes which were swung from
side to side without regard to the
merits of the case and with the avowed
object of making the British Govern
ment impossible and coercing the Brit
ish Parliament to give him what he
wanted.
PRETORIA, Transvaal. July 14. —
General Louis Botha, the former com
mander in chief of the Boer forces,
to-day received a cable message an
nouncing Paul Kruger's death. The
announcement called forth general
expressions of regret, especially, be
cause the former President died
among foreigners. The flags on all
Government buildings are at half
mast.
Memorial services will be held
on July 17 in all Dutch churches.
General Botha has ordered that all
the Boers shall wear mourning until
after the funeral, which, it is ex
pected, will be attended by represen
tatives of every district of the Trans
vaal.
RENO, # July 14.— Fire was discovered
in the rope house of the V Union
mine, on the Comstock, at ' 1
o'clock •' this ' afternoon and . was still
burning fiercely at a late hour to-night.
The loss thus far amounts to flOO.OOO,
but will be much greater*" before. the
flames are extinguished.. The entire
hoisting plant, one of the best in the
old camp, is destroyed and the build
ings adjoining are being consumed. A
strong wind makes it almost impos
sible to combat the flames. '¦'
Through the Union shaft the Scor
pion and Sierra Nevada mines are
worked. Quite a number of men were
In these mines when the fire broke out.
Their only means of escape was
through the Union shaft, and ' but for
the fact that the engineer remained
bravely at his post until the last cage
was hoisted fatalities might have re
sulted. The fire is the largest that has
occurred at the mines in thirty years.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ST. LOUIS, Ju"ly.l4.— William -H.
Ellis, Henry Miller .and Edward Kiel
ley, all of St.< Louis, employes of the
admissions department of the world's
fair, have been arrested. and taken to
the world's fair police station, where
they will be held pending an investi
gation into what is believed to be a
gigantic conspiracy to rob the expo
sition company by ticket Irregulari
ties. ' j ¦:•'¦¦ • . •-. \
Norris B. Gregg, director of admis
sions and concessions of the world's
fair, admitted that a searching cam
paign is being conducted in the de
partment of admissions by detectives,
but refused to talk about the alleged
conspiracy. '
The indications are that a large num
ber of /he employes of the division &f
admissions have been in the conspir
acy and that a large sum of money
has been secured. I
The switching back arid second sale
of genuine tickets and . the wide cir
culation of counterfeit admission cards
are said to be two of the schemes which
have been worked with success. The
men under arrest are supposed to have
had the co-operation of others in the
ticket booths and of certain employes
in the offices of the admissions depart
ment in the administration building as
well as inspectors stationed at the en
trances.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— Sadie
Douglas, aged 9 years, was accidentally
shot and killed to-night by her brother,
Fred Douglas, aged 13. George Doug
las and his family had moved into new
premises to-day, and this evening Fred
Clayton, an uncle of the children,
placed an empty revolver in a drawer.
An hour or two later he returned and
loaded it, at ( the same time warning all
the members of the family present, in
cluding Sadie Douglas, not to touch it.
Fred, her brother, was not present
when the warning was given. He had
previously seen his uncle place the re
volver in the drawer, and supposed It
was still empty, when his si&ter asked
him to explain how to use it. He was
showing her, when, the revolver was
discharged. The bullet struck the girl
under the left eye and lodged in the
brain, killing her." ' '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, July 14.— H. E. Lawrence,
postmaster at Hazen and formerly a
resident of Salt Lake City, is in Jail
at Fallon and guarded from lynchera
by a strong force of deputies. He is
accused of a cowardly attempt at mur
der on the desert, three miles from
Hazen. this morning:.
William Harrison, hia alleged vic
tim, is suffering from a gunshot wound
through the neck and besides, is out
nearly $100, which he claims Lawrence
took from him after shooting him.
Harrison says . that he was uncon
scious for Bonie time and that when
he came to Lawrence was close by and
again began shooting at him, but none
of the bullets' took effect. Harrison
then escaped to. town and Lawrence
followed Boon after. . •
An effort was made to lynch-Law
rence, but a deputy sheriff hurried him
to Fallon. \ Lawrence, has been locating
intending settlers on Government land,
charging a good fee for the service.
Some time ago his methods were ex
posed by the Government. . Harrison
had been working' for him.
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
Opponents Demand to Know
Why Two Cabinet Members
Are Allowed in Movement
Memorial Services Will Be
Held in Dutch Churches
Throughout the Transvaal
Officials Believe a Large
Sum Has Been Secured
by Double Sale of Tickets
Bullet Strikes Unfortunate
Girl Under the Left Eye
and Lodges in the Brain
Prompt Action of Officer
Prevents Crowd Hanging
the Postmaster at Hazen
Brave Engineer Gets Men
Out of Shaft Before
Leaving Burning Building
SORROW OF BURGHERS
BALFOUR MUST EXPLAIN
JAIL CLOSELY GUARDED
REMAINS -AT HIS POST
THOUGHT' IT WAS EMPTY
BIG SCHEME IS LAID
Liberal Unionists' Council
Reconstructed and Cham
berlain Chosen President
Detectives Arrest Men Be
lieved to Be Eingleaders of
Conspiracy at St. Louis
Flames Break Out in Hoist
ing Plant of Union Prop
erty, Causing Heavy Loss
Accidentally Shoots Her in
Face While Explaining
Mechanism of Revolver
Nevada Citizens Attempt to
Lynch Man Accused of
Trying to Murder Employe
Flags on All - Government
Buildings in Pretoria Are
Placed at Half - Mast
WOULD CHANGE
FISCAL SYSTEM
BOERS MOURN
CHIEF'S DEATH
FIRE DAMAGES
NEVADA MINES
UNEARTH PLAN
TO ROB FAIR
BROTHER KILLS
YOUNG SISTER
DEPUTY SAVES
THE PRISONER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
4
: J . JW ...; ADVEBTISEMENTS.
jyy|f||f^^ A word to the young men: Our garments are
'¦ c: --T :>^^^^S^^^fef i cut with due regard for style and fit. Every quirk
/gvj^^^^^^^pv- and turn of fashion is considered in the making.
suits are broad-chested with narrow lapels,
m|pft N '^^^^^^^^H ; close-fitting neck and concave shoulders. They
are made similar to our men's garments except*
t|$% t ' nat t ' le P atterns are brighter with a little more
These suits at $7.50 are made up in new
'(I^FMJi^^^^^^^^a fall patterns — such as will be on display in other
*> ' w lm-;W^/KKKKB stores in August. And at that time these stores
wi " e as^ in 8 y° u $'0 f° r the same suits. The
iv'^f^^^^^^S reason is' We make our own suits, sell them at
vhM{ ll^^^^^B the advance of the season and save you the mid-
f^n^^m^^M- n t0 "^ a y a ?d to-morrow we will give with
y^^^^Sf^K^ each young man's suit a neat watch, which is a
"vll^^Sl^^^^fe g°°d time-keeper. The giving of watches is con-
\ \S^^^^^m f^^ fined to these suits on these two days because
iu^.\^^^^^L, our supply is limited. We suggest that you
-" • -i' • . • : ' : -" ¦- : - write to-day ; ~ An W - Mt i >^ c+ tt^l length measure
AJJVERTISEMEJfTSL
A. B. SMITH'S
New Trunk
And Bag Store
We are showing a larger
and • better assortment of
Trunks and Bags than ever.
If you are interested, come
and see us. "We've got the
goods" at our new storj:,
116 ELLIS!
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
primer's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 -per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Cc
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF AHflTOBYj
A Q5 100 &12ZZ7 ST. W. Sib*7£, Z.TZil.A
\ Tha Larr**f An*t--tr;r»l Mose im In the \
Q j»f^~''ii. Wand. Wtnoti.ti or »r,y contracted A
A fljBSr^A C3. JQRDAM-D'SEASES CF MEN A
A I Comulunon free *nJ «fn-»!y prWars. \
0 i *&\£ H r * amieat perjoiul.y or by Jetter. A O
Y 1 flT «n H Cwr* in tverj die undertaken. \
Afi In Wr - for nw«. run. osorav of /)
V * It \y* aAnniiuK. mailko i«ts. ( a y
1 jj J| niuabls book for mm) v
r DfLJVBDABi «fc I'O. 1031 Market St..S. F. Y
I DR.PSERCES
MEDICAL
I FOR THE
\ *gLOOD,gJYER,LUNGS;
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
SGtii) KEABST ST. Established
In 1934 tor the treatment <<f I'riviita
Disease*. !.<>->t Manhood. . Debility or
f1i.<w»as° wparingnn body and itmul «ml
Skin Disoases. Tbe Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. rhaisres law,
lnrf« snaraolrrd. Call or writ*.
Dr. J. X*. tiIUIIO.>, H*n Francisco. CM
\A7. T. HESS,
Votary Public aad Attorn ey-at-La-w.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 0S0.
Residence. 1S02 McAllister «t.
Residence Telephone Page Sfril.
OCEAN TBAVZIb
e Steamers leav* Broadway;
wharves (pl«rs 9 aad 11).
Ban Francisco:
For Ketehtkan, Wransel.
Juneau. Hatnes. Pkivjuay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. rn.. July
». 14. 19. 21. 29. AOf. X
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. VaacotiTer.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Cverstt.
Beainshain— 11 a, in., July 9. 14. 19. 21. 29.
Aug. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ky. ; at Beattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :S9
p. in.. July 9. 15. 21. 27, Aug. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12, 13. 24. 30. Aus. 5.
For Los Anxele* (via Port Los Angles u4
Redondo), San Diesa and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lou Angelas (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cnia, Mon.
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hanford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme
Bor.lta. 9 a. m., July 10. 18 28. Aue 3.
Coos Bay, 9 a, m.. July 14. 22, 30 Auj T
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d#I
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1004 —
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July 13
Aosr. 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to char.jre steamers or iaiiir:* dates.
TICKET OPPXCSS— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad,
way wharves. PrelgTit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DTTNANN, Gcn-ral Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. San FWncl3co.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORTENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOfUMi
and HONGKONG, ca'.ltr.g at Kobe tHio K o>
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. -No
cargo received on boari on day of sailinz
S. S. AMERICA MARIT ;.
- - ..Monday. August 1 "t»«V4
Via Honolulu. Rcund-trlp tickets at r«duo*<l
rates. For freight an<t pas-sage app!y at Com-
pany's efflce. 421 Market street, corner First
W. n. AVERT, General A S *nt!
Ocea;il€$.s.co. aaisa
. oiftsci Una 18 tA.tin,
8. S. ALAMKDA, for Honolulu, July 16. It A. M.
t S. S. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Julv n s •» p \i
S. B. MARIFOSA. for TahltLAuitust 9 11 A* M.
I.D.SPEIC5EL5 k BR03.C0.: AZtS.. TiCfct 0EC8 643 iu-
Hi Freight Office 323 Market St., Pisr 7, pacmc st:
COXPAQSIE 6XN2BALE TRAN3ATLANTI4CZ
DIUECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAP.I3.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of «Jf tnifli
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, 25^8©^
North River, foot of Morton, st.
First clais to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOP. UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
[ New York. J. F. VUQAZl & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tick«t» sold hy all r.nllrnaii T)ok»t Agents.
To U. 3. Wavy Tard aad Vallaio.
Stmrsv. General Friable. Montlcello ana Arrow,
9:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:13. G. 8:3O p. m. (ex. Sun.);
! Sundays. 9:45 a. m., 8-..10 p. m. Leave Vallejo
i 7. » a- m., 12:30. 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): du:i-
| days. T a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Jl!s-
r tJon stratf. phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
i To Vt. 8. K»tt Tard aad Vallajo.
Stmr. H. J. Urcuran — LeavM R. *'., (wot of
Clay st., north end ferry bids.— V.'eek day^.
0:30 A. 1!.. 3 and »8 P. M.: Sundays. 9:^9
AM., 8 K 1L Leave Vaiiejo— >ve«* d:»>*.
«:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P M.: Sundays, 5
P. M. Far*. 23c each way. Excursion rate*.
Sundays to Va lie Jo. Gl<>n Cove and Martiaei.
60c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. OOODALI.
CO., phone Main 6U. "Saturday excelled.REDDING. July 14. — People in
this county who are vitally interested
In. the proposed plan of the Moun
tain.; Copper Company to move its
smelters from Keswick to tidewater
claim to see in the publicity given to
the, matter an alleged move to secure
a; reduction in the assessment of the
corporation's holdings here. It is be
lieved -that - the company knows that
the people of . the county will be so
alarmed at the thought of- losing such
a;vas,t enterprise that they will read
ily accede to a liberal reduction of the
assessment.
View, the Move With Suspicion.
CHICO, July 14. — The first serious
accident to occur on the Butte Coun
ty Railroad since trains started run
ning on the new road several months
ago occurred this afternoon, when a
wild- logging car ran from a spur on
to 'the; main line and into the work
train, , killing William Brennan and
fatally injuring. Chris Wells, both of
whom "were engaged in unloading
'gravel. from a flatcar.
Onr Man Is Killed and Another Re
ceives Injuries Tliat Will Result
-. . . w ' in. His Death.
LOGGING CAR DASHES
} '*:' INTO A WORK TRAIN
FRANKLIN, Pa., July 14. — Samuel
Plummer McCallum, one of the weal
thiest oil producers in this section and
one of the organizers of the Repub
lican party and later of the Prohibi
tion ;party,;ls dead at his home here,
aged 81.
Pennsylvania Oil Alan Dies.
Burbank Somers graduated from the
University of California in 1892 and
three years later graduated from the
Hastings Law School.
He was a great lover of music and
at one time was leader of the Univer
sity Glee Club. Besides his fraternity
affiliations he was a member of the
-Bohemian and Family clubs.
• Burbank G. Somers, attorney at law,
passed away yesterday morning at 11
o'clock at the home of his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Somers, at 1034
Mission street, after a long illness.
Mr. Somers was 35 years of age and
a native of San Francisco. About two
years ago his health began to decline
and he was given constant and tender
care by his parents.
Although indisposed, he was able to
pursue his professional duties in con
junction with his law partner, W. W.
McNair, until several weeks prior to
his death.
B. G. SOMERS
DIES AFTER A
LONG ILLNESS
The Supreme Court'has decided that
the R. G. R. Petroleum and 'Mining
Company cannot maintain a platform
in the ocean In' front of some Los An
geles County 'land owned by the San
Francisco Savings Union. The defend
ant argued that the opean belonged to
any one and that plaintiff's Jurisdiction
extended only to the point reached by
high water. The court holds that lit
toral owners are entitled, to have an
open expanse 'of water before their
property if they bo desire.
Cannot Maintain Platform.
PATRIOTISM IN PARIS.
Frenchmen Commemorate Anniver
sary In the Usual Manner.
PARIS, July 14.— The French na
tional holiday was • celebrated In the
usual manner. Business was suspend
ed, the Bourse was closed and the
boulevards were filled with noisy
throngs.
President Loubet and the Bey of
Tunis reviewed '6000 troops at Long
champs this morning. '
The public balls, begun' yesterday,
continued to-day and will be resumed
to-morrow throughout the city. The
opera and theaters are giving free per
formances. ! .
The Grand Jury met yesterday and
considered the bringing of an indict
ment against Joseph Campbell Jr., who
was arrested on February 27 on a
charge of felony f embezzlement and
afterward released by a commitlng
magistrate. Thomas Dentze swore to
the complaint, alleging that Campbell
had appropriated certain proceeds de
rived from the sale of wine which
should have been forwarded . to the
main agency of a French wine com
pany In New York.
Dentze appeared before the . Grand
Jury and presented his evidence on
which he desired an Indictment
brought against Campbell. Assistant
District Attorney. Ferral was also in
attendance and enlightened the Grand
Jury on the legal aspect of the case.
Dentze cited one instance where he
alleges that Campbell had sold to the
firm of Rathjen Bros. $750 worth of
wine, for which he made no account
ing, to the Eastern . agency. Dentze
calims that nearly 19000 had not been
accounted for by Campbell.
After hearing ' the evidence the
Grand Jury postponed action until Its
meeting on July 29, as a sufficient
number of grand Jurymen were not
present to vote on an indictment.
French Wine Company Presents Evi
dence ot Alleged Embezzlement
by Its Local Agent.
WANTS THE GRAND JURY
TO INDICT CAMPBELL
M. P. de Chevilly, Vice Consul for
France at San Francisco, attended
the exercises. Jules Godart delivered
an oration In French. There were
musical numbers by Annette Lut
zen, Miss Nettie de Glow and Mar
cel Berron. The president of the day,
P. Calou, was assisted by the fol
lowing: Vice president, A. C. Hame-
Hn; secretaries,, A. F. Blaricharrf' and
J. Fleutl; treasurer, J. Mellette.
OAKLAND, July 14. — The national
holiday of the French was celebrated
with patriotic fervor this afternoon
and evening in Shell Mound Park.
There was a great gathering of men
and women who can trace a direct or
indirect descent from France. The
holiday" spirit was everywhere, and al
though there were literary exercises,
the people preferred to romp about
the picnic grounds or dance the hours
away than listen to them. The at
tendance this evening was aug
mented bv numbers from San Fran
cisco. A band concert and a big dis
play of fireworks served to amuse,
and the dancing was the favorite
pastime of many.
John E. McElroy, City Attorney of
Oakland, was the English orator of
the day. His address on the fall of
the Bastile was largely historical, be
ing a review of the events previous
and subsequent to that tragic event
and the lessons that It carried.
National Holiday of Sister Republic
Is Honored by People of Gallic
Birth or Descent.
Dr. Morris Herzstein sailed on the
Kronprinz Wilhelm for New York,
having in his care Mrs. George
Crocker, who is thought to be fatally 'Ml:
Having rallied from the shock- of two
operations, however, she may rise above
her ailment on her return to her native
land. • The • physician • and hla ¦ patient
• ,..<• •
What a propitious week for.declara
tions! .Now comes. the announcement
of the lovely Miss Charlotte .Ellin-'
wood's • betrothal to Robert P. > GreerV
the clubman. ,:;>, ¦¦
Miss Ellin wood is unquestionably, one
of the ; , fairest* maids in ( the smart -set,
her style reflecting- her* individuality.
And as the only daughter, of ; Dr. 'and
Mrs. Charles N. Ellinwood, she " was
much sought after by the eider^friends
of her family as well as by those of
her own set. .' .;..'. 1
As for Mr. Greer, he has achieved
success In the business world land Is -a
man of cultivated tastes and; a' rarely
good raconteur— as the visitors to "The
Hutch" in Sausalito can amply i testify.
The date for the wedding has not been
set. ¦ ¦ ¦ ;'.'-
• . . • -•
It is not unlikely that Mr. and Mrs!
Marye will visit San Francisco, during
the winter months, but whether they
will make California their "permanent
home is a question not even -.their -most
intimate friends are able , to ' answer.'
The probabilities are that they will so
journ here during some portions .of
every year.
The groom, George T. Marye" Jr., Is
well known In San Francisco. He owns
valuable property in this city. He was
at one time engaged in the stock brok
ing business, but ultimately- retired
from active participation in commercial
life. ' .. WZ.+
Had it not been for continuous rumor
from across the wide Atlantic that
George T. Marye Jr. and the widow
of his brother, the late Colonel William
A. Marye, were about to marry, the
news of their union 1 which has Just
come to the city would naturally have
broken upon society with something
akin to an unexpected cloudburst.
Colonel Marye of the United States
army died on May 13. 1903', a little more
than a year ago, in Washington, D. C.
His widow and her brother-in-law have
been in each other's company a good
deal of late. The attention that. George
Marye paid his beautiful and accom
plished sister-in-law was marked, and
those who had the privilege (of their
society watched the gallant attention
develop Into a strong devotion.
The couple were in Germany during
the spring and on June 28 they were
married in Berlin, the ceremony being
performed in the American Church on
Motz strasse, Nollendorff Platz.
The bride, who" was formerly: Miss
Doyle of Washington, is handsome and
a favorite in exclusive society circles
in the East. During the lifetime j of
Colonel Marye her receptions , were
among the most popular in the capital,
where they were attended , by leaders
alike in society and in the politicararid
military, set. J
FRENCHMEN CELEBRATE
FALL OF THE BASTILE
LOCAL BEAU
WEDS WIDOW
IN GERMANY-
The court at this time let him go
practically unpunished upon the under
standing that he would pledge himself
to stop drinking. This he guaranteed
to do. He was under this pledge when
he engaged in the disgraceful brawl
here, which has resulted in his now be
ing called upon to explain.
It is understood that great pressure
is being brought on the department
here to have his offense condoned as
lightly as possible on account of his
family, which consists of a wife and
four small children.
Early during his career at West Point i
he engaged in a fight with one of the
cadets, uhich resulted in \the "knock- |
out" of his opponent, whoMied a few
months later. Whether death resulted
from the effects of the fight or not has
never been clearly ascertained.
j After leaving the academy Cook
i served a short time in the army before
! he resigned of his own accord. When
! the war broke out with Spain he again
entered the service. All went smoothly
for a time with him, until he was
I called up before a court-martial in
| Omaha, where, It is reported, he was
j charged with too freely indulging in
j the flowing bowl. It is also reported
j that his treatment of his family was
i such as to bring the deepest condemna
i tion on his head, and it was rumored
I that at one time, when under the infiu
j ence of liquor, he turned them all out
! into the street.
corner of O'Farrell street and Grant
itv^nue early one morning and there
Lefc-an to raise a "rough house."' The
proprietor of the resort objected, and
after a Hnappy interview Cook was put
out into the street. He returned and
tried to smash in the doors, and the
result was that a general mix-up en
eued, in which Cook got 'a black eye.
At this juncture Policeman Brady ap
peared upr.n the scene and Cook "com
plained" that he had been robbed of his
vatch and money in the saloon. Inves
tigations proved that the accusations
were false and Cook was taken to the
police station and locked up.
Th» following morning he appeared
in court, a sorry looking spectacle. He
told Judge Megan that he thought the
charges preferred against him were
correct, and after a Revere admonition
from the court and a fine of $10 he was
allowed to depart. The following
morning he sailed away, as he sup
posed, for Manila. Immediately after
the transport Thomas had departed
General MacArthur heard of the occur
rence and at once cabled to Honolulu
to have Cook taken from the transport
a.nd s*nt back here by the first trans
port coming tfiis way.
According to report, Cook has been in
trouble ever since he entered army life.
It appeared during the hearing that
Captain Cook, while In his rounds
e.bout town, went into a saloon at the
V.'hen Captain Cook arrived here
fiom the East last May. en route to
Manila, he began indulging in festivi
ties about town which landed him up
one bright sunny morning in Judge
Mogan's court. Here lie was fined $10—
on a charge of having disturbed the
peace.
Captain Frank A. Cook was among
the passengers on the transport
Thomas, which arrived in port yester
dey. H<? was brought back from Hon
olulu by order of General MacArthur.
wants him to give an account of
his performances here prior to his de
parture for Manila on the transport
Sheridan, on which he sailed June 1.
AKMT OFFICER WHO "WAS TAKEN' FROM THE TRANSPORT SHERIDAN AT
HONOLULU BT ORDER OF GENERAL, MACARTHUR AND BROUGHT BACK
HERE TO BE COURT-MARTIALED FOR UNOFFICERLIKE CONDUCT.
Will Develop Mining Property. i
REDDING, July 14. — The Mariana
Marsicana Company is to spend $100,
000 in the next six months In improv
ing its plant at Sunny Hill. The mine
has been developed to an extent that
warrants the expenditure. A quartz
mill and cyanide plant are to be
erected.
His Pitching Arm Saved Him.
SALINAS, July 14. — Paul Parker,
former pitcher of the Stanford Uni
versity team, was attacked yesterday
by a huge wild boar. Parker picked
up a heavy rock, which he threw at
the viz, striking it between the eyea
and killing it. The boar weighs sev
eral hundred pounds.
are due to arrive in New York on
Tuesday.
• • «
:\ Miss Agnes Murphy and Miss Aimee
Moore, the versatile Londoners who are
visiting in J San Francisco, were enter
tained in -charming fashion last week
by Richard Hotallng at his ideal coun
try home, "Sleepy Hollow." The con
genial little house party included Mr.
and :> Mrs. Thomas Kirkpatrick, Mrs.
Charles > Goodall, Mr; Ldnd 1 ' ¦ and -' Mrs.
Haussman.
By special permission of the Tivoli
Dora de Phillippe sang "Salut a la
France." Samuel J. Brun. as orator
of the day, delighted the audience
with his historic remarks and his fre
quent reference to the friendship of
the United States and his native land.
The "Marseillaise" closed the after
noon's entertainment. During the
early portion of the evening a musical
programme was carried out and sev
eral exhibitions of swordsmanship
were given. Dancing began at 10
o'clock and. continued until morning.
The committee in charge of the
day's celebration was: Consul Gen
eral of France Etienne Lanel, Felix
Santallier, H. Cassou, A. Duclos, A.
Ortion, Ernest Pagnuelo.
Members of the French colony of
San Francisco Intertwined the tri
color of their native land with the
emblem of the United States yester
day at Mechanics' Pavilion and save
vent to their enthusiasm in songr and
speech, for the day was celebrated as
the one hundred and fifteenth anniver
sary of the fall of the Bastile.
Mechanics' Pavilion contained at
least 500 persons when Honorary
President Consul General Lanel rap
ped for order at 1:30. . An orchestra
rendered the overture to "Carmen"
with such captivating unison that the
audience applauded to the echo. Fe
lix Santallier was introduced as pres
ident of^ the day and spoke at length
of the great advancements the French
people have made since the memor
able day when they took the affairs of
state in their own hands. -
A selection entitled "Alsace-Lor
raine" by the orchestra held the audi
ence spellbound until it? last strain
died awayi
Mayor Schmitz was on the annual
programme last year and yesterday he
was called upon again to express the
sentiments of people of San Fran
cisco for our sister, republic. In a
few well selected remarks the Mayor
extended the congratulations of the
people to those who represented the
republic of France* and expressed the
hope that the sun would ever rise
upon an independent people In
France.
The historic poem entitled "July
14th" was recited by Emile Pence.
After a selection by the orchestra
District Attorney Lewis F. Byington
delivered a short address in English,
in which he paid a glowing tribute to
the man who had overthrown a raon-.
archy long ago and had built a repub
lic in its stead. Mrs. Ellen Roekel
sang the "Star-Spangled Banner" and
many in the audience Joined in the
chorus.
Orators .Tell of Thrilling
Deeds Which Set Nation
Ajnong the Free Republics
THROKG ENTHUSIASTIC
Fall of Bastile Is Cele
' brui ed at Mechanics' Pa
vilion by Song and Speech
FRENCH COLONY
OBSERVES DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, JULY. 15, 1904.
Captain Frank A. Cook Returns From Honolulu by Orders
of General M^c Arthur to Tell Why He Was Engaged in
Disgraceful Brawl and Causes Thit Led to His Arrest
MUST ANSWER CHARGES
OF DISORDERLY CONDUCT
5
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
BAM BIBO * CO.,
WfcoletaJ* Dealers, SX2 Battery St.,
TtL Xala 6859. Saa rrauaciico.
M4i '
US!f<l«tf -" '¦-"¦¦ ¦" >«§*¦»£
THE CALL'S
WANT AD PREMIUMS,
Like Its Circulation,
ARE HIGH CLASS.
A WALKER'S SELP-PULLING
CORKSCREW
FREE TO-DAY,
" To . Every Person Brinsrlng: a
Want Ad for .
SUNDAY' EDITION.
See announcement, classified
page.
NOTICE
Announcement July 20, instead oY July 1,
We expected to announce on July ist the names of the
three prominent shoe manufacturers — elected by the people
— to visit the Regal factory at Whitman, Mass., and make
report on the Style, Fit, Cost, Quality, Sole Leather, Hand
Work and Quantity of Regal Shoes as compared with the
same details in other shoes sold for $3.50 or more.
It has been necessary to postpone this announcement
until July 20th, as we have not yet received all of the votes
from papers in San Francisco and elsewhere on the Pacific
Coast.
William Cullen Bryant, publisher of the Brooklyn Times
and Secretary of the American Newspaper Publishers* As-
sociation, has consented to conduct personally the counting
of the ballots in the contest, and to certify to the results.
REGAL SHOE COMPANY, INC.
77 Stores in United States and England.
The Largest Retail Shoe Business In the VA/orlcl.
The Southwest
Limited ||
X : 'V ; ; H y° u go East via Kansas City make sure '/"•
that your ticket, Kansas City to Chicago, is for the J
Southwest Limited of the 7*1 mr -
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
It is the new electric lighted train that has
taken .first place with first class travelers.
. ; $72.50 tQ Chicago and return. August 8, 9, 10/
18 and 19; September 5, 6, 7 and 8. Return
iimit, 90 days. Via The Overland Limited and
<•; 'bmaha; via Kansas City and The Southwest
Tickets 635 Market Street, San Francisco.
C. L. CANFIELD,
, - Ceneral Agent.
THE EMPOBIUM. * | THE EMFOBIUK. | THE EMPOBIUM. * 1 THE EMPOBT0H. '' ~'-'~ I
**« ******* *V*K*Mr. »»M*M* WtK*M*K*,X.*.*M*.*M*MKK ft****** ******* *******>*•*.*•* ******* *****l***** ******* ***********
A Good Tooth Brush on Sale /?** im A Good Dressing Comb on Salo fc
To-Day 7c /£* r> /2r\**s £***£ **!**> To-Day 7c 5
Really worth ioc and 15c; itout bristles; nriom styles bL^JtJ /" * M*7Mm£JfLJ£JJJJK The 7-heh sisc: hard robber; co.ne «nd flat. «3
of handles. ' M i M MfrflSV^^WMM C-^. -J
Another at 14o California's largest- ,,-a^m"^^— "^ Another at I4o <- ¦ %
That would be a gcod value at 25c; pure bristle srock. "•" l l"^"E*^^^^^A»ilERICA > S GRANDEST STORE The 8 ' 5nch * ]tT ' fine ***** rnbber 5 wonli 'S 6 - '!$
To-day_ Some Handsome ~ About 300 Lucky Women Will Get Why "Not Save on 5
Fancy Hose Waists Worth $4.50 and $5 Little Things %
worth up tojBc, 4*f% For SU98 Each At Cut Prices j
f && JP&ii* ' $$0($*^%f A backward iction throughout the Eastern BlacK Sewing Silk — Best quality, fac- X
Women's Fancy Hose; worlh up to 7Sc • ' H^V Stat«.(cool. rainy, weather held on unul tory end., with two or three joining, $
A so imported goods, Roman stripes, UPi i ' Ute m J unc ) h " lef « min 7 m«afacturers on the ipool, worth 6oc ipool. itle J
flower embroidery; also imported ~^t~~i SfSW"^ with eoniidCTtble . over-productions on price to-day 25o J
H:rmsdorf biack,' extra heavy cot- iffifejife^^^pL. t £ e5r hinds ; V obl !f e<1 . to " crifice for r Back Combs— Worth up to 50c each, >
„. ¦¦ocki.g.; .U. Hcrm,do rfbiSi f^^W»X Lto *K~I^A «£££ »f '° d >mb f • " *° '«"< '*i%>- 5
real Maco hse. plain Riche'.ieu and ' 7"^O^^v^«^WL\ cat to w from New York; they are this itison's ht- «t»e price to-day. . . . . . J3o jj
Rembrandt ribbed, to-day orrv, .'/. /^gf^-- - \j\=r3EL ««t productions, pretty styles, beautifully made and Cube PilU — Cubes containing 1 OO M
P" r - •'• ; .'.iOo) \^^^%^ SLJfy $1.98 Pi»V«i^I.ck. blaek and white «d |
Children's /lose- Imported L^jt * ¦ . £^( Wash Wtlsts 78c- A snappy s^dal fo, to-d.y and "jort^ colon, worA 8c eAeh; oa J
cotton, extracted po ka^dot stock- Hi 1 '] 1 ), 1 / i)i[L|«S Saturday; English percale*, lawni and madrai, in tale to-day, 1 cubes for . . . Qq jf
ings, cither b!ack or tan.'with white I - V A \\ « I y/^lS^ the popnlar lumaer eolorinjs and white, _ fi Bons Hair P:m, shell and amber, doa. . fOo X
dots; best quality of this class of V \\*aSU3 //// F^ I1.50 values, each. . ....... SOC Sid« Hose Supporters, all colon, pair. . 20o S
» nOI )t mude" to-div half mir, r, a !r \ -B JI.50 value Uwn Walits-Ent'relv new patterns, ShtU Side Comba, pair 2Oc '2
goods made, to-day half price pair \^7 * * M receiTed from Ne " Yo *i 'F"^ in*- Belt Set^Very pretty on« £8O, «h«r. «? J
• • • • • • • • • . . . 17c v/ ''iW/MmliX ««* 35c *° • • 7Bo 3
IN HOSIERY AISLE .Ir! fW<f/M/\ ' Hook-On Garten, all colon, pair .... 93 O §
' _ 1 ' _ ' ' r 1 SECOND FLOOR "Omo" Drew Shlelda, odoHsji, pair. . 2SO «
m V J TS 1 ""'¦^""""¦"^¦"¦•""^"^^¦¦"¦^¦"^^^"^¦¦^¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^^¦¦¦¦¦^¦b™ Coriet Steals, black, whlta and drab, pal*, Co ' t
A 2$c Yard Value Men's Newest Fall nnd IV*'*,/,* £/£)£• sh<*Lscea, an knjths, dosen . . . . too 5
BiizZMsM M- — * HWJ newest rau ana Winter Styles N o. 3 stockinet Drew shields, ... 70 {5
inaia Ltnon stS, $18, $2O Suits, $12.30 **»»»•«**'•«'**-••.•** |
~TO m D*&y 1&C Just bought by our buyer in New York— made to sell for O^llka 'I
A handsome sheer c'oth, rcutid thread, -Sij.oo to^zo.oo and offered at the cut price, limply to %Jim%Mw%B *W>t3JJ r C? J
lull 36 inches wide, suitable for make a busv month out of a dml one.'. 4&O Qll3lltJCS 2uO J
chidren's and misses' ,u:ts, in- They are bargains, not only because they are underpriced, but because Fine ." LisI , e G] ?™ mtde ' J"** I
fants outfit, ladies' warn,, wrj, th ey are the newest scyie, for fall and winter. Every on* of these suit, i, «7 wnsts, in two length.; black, abso- |
per., etc., to-d.y only, JQq hand-made throughout, fitting equal to m.de-to-order garments, and they f "^ d {V ™* & to 7;0* 5
yard. . .......... ***** wi i| rct(l i n thcir shape . Choice from fine cheviot, and tweed, in the new C A ° t lori " d whlte ' >1ZC . 8 % t0 &\ Z
- «* _ browns, grays, plaids, overpaid, and mixtures; also .ome of worsted in dark AU ° , ° Ut , " 5 pt j ri e . lbow S
S^e BOOkS anti X»m &&*£% you save from $2.50 to $ 7 . 5 o on each suit. "" « 1™\Z\ £*"'&. "i? 2
&1^4Z~ 2i^ -. N ° disappointment, to-day ana Saturday. Pienty of .11 ,i-,es in each style V^ ***** 45c quahty; Ri- g
StaUOneFV and enough ity-e- to please the most fastidiou. ta.tejv^-^ —* d "7 "^ Saturday, while m J
3000 Cloth Bound Books-Thf works »'"# o{ ? ' ?» t '« »d $*°. y°"r choice fy-. . . % 9i£m5U q"»tity Int., pair . . *%M*j> %
ot popu'ar and standard authors, •"""" mmmm _ «— i— ¦•— — —^ -_»^ _ _ i^^ mamm wmmm^ m^^ mm 9
such as Ho mes, Damas. Cary, Cor- Another Sale Boys' Extra BUttO* SRIB |
tL^t^s^^LrZ Men's Trousers Khaki Suits Liquor Specials, Eto. |
day and Saturday only 19\/ g% J' Skt $1-95 at SI. 2 5 Friday and Saturday |
• •(.• * * • • • ' • /V 0 They. are fully equal to those offered at pre- They are our ipecial Rough Rider and Nor- O Ur ChOl*Ce Creamefy Bllt" %
1000 Cloth Bound Popular Fiction, including vious sales, are nxely made and really f n1 j. ;„.?..,. „ ¦„ n_ •. t i u for fitll ci^a r/ire X
"DavM Harum," -R^t of Way/' "Eter! . look like 53-«o and I4.00 trousers, and f »^ J«ket ,u:ts. Don t confound them ter, TUll SIZe SqrS,, S
nalCity," "Manxman," "When Knight- will wear fully as well, colors are Oxford *»th the ordinary kinds sold around town. for the.tWO dayS. wO€? jj
hooi VVas in Fiower,'* "Red Rock" an! . gray, dark steel and black, with both nar- They are totally different and superior in Deviled Ham and Tonruc—i tins. in 5
many other titles, formetly published at 51.50 . row and medium stripes, hairline and. pin make and rlf, and were the b«t in town at c afr r; nM r,wl 1™™,^ v » I * ? S
each, to-d.y and Saturday, in O^if» ch "^ ««* 3« to 44 wai.t aad length, {,.45. We have .old hundred, of them *?'."?,- ? ' P «"•»«•* \
main ais e - each m*%0%0 u? to 36; a wonderful valu: at Friday's and at that price. Now you hare your choice OOO -
Good Vellum Paper-In blue and »white, Saturday's price .. . 4gf (*}£» of either style, sixes 4 j£ f +% £- ™, e *?P le — E «» •Ece* « whole, larje tins, jg
square shape of which we have 500 pounds, • m/PMm+7iJ to 14 years, for . . . %P B m/4bi%J) for 200 {*•
, but no envrlopes tj match, so marked this mm m Kona Coffee— Choice blend, pound . . IQo 5
IOOO C 8ox°i e o?WrIl7rji>iptrindEn«lopS NQffllt/ GG S3 Bit] V\fOB*h StllftS 37 C '°°IWbon, f«U \Zm'.~$1mO5 Z
iW*My£Wi$0Mj0. ' Never 5o/rf Beforo Unde1 ' 5 °° &«* *Z*rs:J2feZ T * f -%« I
for sam: qua", ty), Fridiy and Saturday only bnday ajid Saturday only you can choose from 2 oo dozen or more of r w . V . *" * * * 9 * mOS S
Envelopes to match above, package. . Wo Tkcre are also black and white heavy cotton OVershirts in this lot. Cocktails— Club brand, assorted, bottle. 97 o *
—^ i— »--— —^— — -—^ mmm mmm^ ¦. HM i^_ BB JL MH1 _ Ba _ MIBBHaiaBMia^^^^x
Br/ Bottled Goodness?
'**l* Filth 'tis an honttt quality."
Qujfctr talk should be backed br "the
goods.** Blatz Brewery was founded in the
esrlr forties. Blatz aaalitr is tlmoit
traditional. Ererr^ bottle iifull of quality
argument. The "Blatz** characteristics
ire *ll rounded up b the "Wiener.**
Ask for it do wa town. Send * cue home..TRIAL. OF DAIRY INSPECTORS— The
trial of Dairy Inspectors Smith and O'Connor,
against whom charges of dereliction of duty
were filed by the Health • Board, will be»tn
lu-nlsht bufure the Civil Service Commission.
SOUTH NORWALK. Conn.. July 11
An unknown three-masted schooner
foundered last night near Copps Island
In Long Island Sound. The faU of her
crew is riot known.
Unknown Schooner Foundered.
Nurse Is Dangerous.
OAKLAND, July 14. — Caroline
Kreuger, a despondent nurse, who was
sent to Dr. John Robertson's sani
tarium last week by Judge Greene In
the hope that she would recover from
her melancholia, which causes her to
wish to commit suicide, was returned
here to-day as being dangerous. She
is bent upon taking her life and it is
recommended that she be sent to a
State hospital.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Mrs. Thomas
F. Garrity, widow of the late Thomas
F. Garrity. the attorney, died to-night
at the Providence ¦ Hospital. Mrs.
Flournoy, Mrs. Garrity's mother, is
critically ill at the. same hospital.
Mrs. T. F. Garrity Dies.
Says Husband Is Missing.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Mrs. John
Freitas, residing at 915 Fifth street,
has complained to the police that her
husband has disappeared, leaving her
with six children to provide for. The
couple separated on July 4,-Freitas
taking three of the children to 956
Pine street- Yesterday afternoon, it is
charged. Freitas left the house during
the temporary absence of the trio and
has not returned. The three children
went back to their mother. ?£'$>?
ASK FOR RESIGNATION
OF 3IAYOR OF 31 EM PHIS
IVople Roused Over Recent Gambling
Tragedy Want Executive and
CUicf of Police Arrested.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., July 14. — As an
aftermath of the excitement Monday
night in which Deputy Sheriffs Mc-
Dermott and Mitchell lost their lives,
during their raid of a Peco gambling
house in the tenderloin district, a
monster mass meeting was held to
night at which addresses were made by
prominent citirens, Resolutions which
«tk for the resignation of Mayor Wil
liams. Vice Mayor Henderson and
Chief of Police Mason were passed.
Emery Case Postponed.
OAKLAND. July 14. — The hearing
of the charge .of insanity placed
against A. R. Emery, charged with
choking his daughter into insensibility
and digging two graves under his
house, was postponed until to-morrow
at 2 o'clock in order to give him an
opportunity to engage an attorney.
ALAMEDA. July 14. — Street Super
intendent V. M. Frodden is experi
menting with crude oil on Central ave
nue, east of Regent street, and on
Santa Clara avenue, between Park and
Oak streets. If the tests prove satis
factory it is planed to sprinkle several
of the main thoroughfares with oil.
Oiling: Alameda Streets.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba. July If.
Destitution and death for the Douk
hobors is feared again, as most of
the sect have started on another
march in search of the Redeemer and
refuse all assistance, including food.
Most of the women and children are
even now destitute of everything ex
cept a few rags, which can hardly be
called clothing, and it ia feared that
unless the journey can be stopped im
mediately many will die.
SEARCHING FOU REDEEMER
AXT> BECOMING DESTttT
OAKLAND. July 14. — The Ordi
nance and Judiciary Committee of the
City Council to-night recommended the
passage of an ordinance to fix a quar
terly license of 515 on druggists for
the sale of alcoholic liquors on physi
cians' prescriptions, not to be con
sumed at the place of sale.
Would License Druggists.
OAKLAND, July 14. — The Butchers'
Union installed the following officers
last night: President. Henry Schaffer;
vice president. Henry Rouche; finan
cial secretary and treasurer, Carl F.
Schiethe; recording secretary, J. F.
Erhardt; guide. Joel Thacker; guard,
J. Turner; sergeant at arms, C.
Klampt; trustees — J. L. Davie, J. R.
Richardson and Henry Behrman; dele
gates to. the Central Labor Council and
Provision Trades- Council — Messrs.
Richardson. Davie and McGovern;
delegates to the Packing Trades Coun
cil of the Pacific Coast — Messrs. Rich
ardson, Behrman, Davie and Mc-
Govern.
Butchers Install Officers.
OAKLAND. July 14. — There are but
three more days left in which to reg
ister before the books close for the
primary election. Up to noon to-day
there were but 14,000 names on the
rolls. Last year there were over 30,000
names in the Great Register and so
far not one-half have qualified to vote
at the primaries. Monday is the last
day on which registration* will be
Uken for primary purposes.
Scant Registrations.
ROME. July 14. — The Pope to-day
received Monsignor Falconio. the
apostolic delegate in the United States.
in farewell audience and again ex
pressed his sincere congratulations on
the civil and religious progress In the
United States, his satisfaction with thj
union existing in the episcopate. th*
zeal of the clergy and attachments of
Catholics to the Holy See. not only to
the Pope, but to the Cardinals.
Monsignor Falconio will leave Rome
Sunday for Xaples, sailing for New
York on the Italian steamer Sardeg
na July 21.
Ills Farewell Adilrev* to Mnn
. signor *T»Iconlo.
Prelate Extends Congratulations | n
POPE IS PLKASED AT
PROGRESS IN* AMERICA
The plans are to be submitted within
sixty days and the successful architect
to receive 1 per cent of the cost of the
building.
The Board of Education adopted a
resolution to-night asking architects to
submit plans and specifications for the
building of three new schoolhouses and
making additions to three more. These
improvements were authorized at the
recent bond election and are a part of
the general scheme for school better
ments on the best modern lines.
Thp . schools to be built are the
Franklin School, to contain twenty-two
rooms, with every appliance required,
and not to exceed in cost 5145,000;' tho
Prescott School, to contain the same
number of rooms, at a cost not to ex
ceed J145.000; the Lincoln School, to
contain twenty-two rooms, the cost not
to exceed $145,000; an addition of six
to eight rooms at the Grove-street
School, not to exceed 528.000 in cost; an
addition of from eight to ten rooms
to the Lafayette School, not to exceed
$38,00*^ and an addition to the Grant
School of fourteen rooms, not exceeding
581,000 in cost.
Oakland Ofnce San Francisco Call.
1Q16 Broadway, July 14.
Mrs. Grace Craib de Wolfe left this morning
for ¦ Minneapolis, where next month *h« begins
a starring engagement in a play written espe
cially for her, entitled "Away Out West."
Mrs. de Wolfe is known on the state as
Grace Hull and in her four years before the
footlights haa made marked progress In . her
choseo profrscion. She was accompanied East
by her mother. Mrs. Craib. who will remain
with h>r daughter for several weeks.
Mrs. A. Schilling and daughter. Miss Elsie
Schilling. le*v« Saturday fcr Tahoe.
M!sa Ann McElratb is visiting Miss Helen
Shatter.
Ml?s Pauline Fore is spending the summer
!n Los Angeles County. Her sister, Mrs. Con
dlt Jones, and Miss lone Fore leave to-morrow
rr.r the Pino Grande Ranrho for a two months'
stay.
Misi Mattle Roofs engagement to Dr. Sam
uel I^angdon of Stockton was announced yes
terday afternoon. She is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Milton Burdette Root, formerly of
Modeato.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry P. Maxwell will enter
tain an "end of. the week" party In their
bungalow at Ben Lomond to-morrow. The par
ty Includes Mr. and Mr?. Wlrkham Havens.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward W. Engs.. Dr. and Mrs.
D. A. Proctor, Walter Leimert and Robert
Newell. - -¦*
OAKLAND. July 14.— Mr«. H. E. McMath
wa* hoateBS at a reception given yesterday af
ternoon fcr her co-workers of the W. C. T. U.
Interentlng papers were read by several of the
ladlea, and there was also an enjoyable musical
programme.
Mr?. McMath was a.«s!rted in entertaining by
MIfi Elsie McMath and Miss Nola Seymour.
OAKLAND, July 14. — Suits for di
vorce were begun to-day as follows:
Mary G. Gomes agrainst Joseph Gomes,
for cruelty and intemperance: Mar
garet Welch against John Welch, for
desertion and failure to provide;
Sophia HeJde against Thomas C.
Helde. for cruelty. The suit beg-un a
short time ago by Rose Miller against
F. H. Miller has been dismissed, a re
conciliation having been effected.
Weary of Husbands,
INVITE PLANS
FOR SCHOOLS
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Professor and Mrs. Charles Mills Gayley en
tertained "Go students of the summer school
last night at their home, '.J225 Piedmont ave
nue. The Gayley residence was handsomely
decorated for the occasion and the surrounding
grounds were brilliantly lighted.
Professor II. Morse Stephens' lecture this
evening In Hearst Hall on "The Capture of
the Itaiul'.e as Related by Modern HUtorlans"
was largely attended by summer achjol stu
dents. Professor Stephens analyzed the works
of historians contemporaneous with the French
Revolution, which In the light of research and
careful weighing of Incident* by modern hn
torlan show by contrast to have been far from
partial.
J E. Roadhouse. chairman of the general
committee of the class of 'Oi. has submitted
a report of the finances of the class, which
shows that It has $180 to Its credit after
liquidating all Its debts. It Is proposed to
divert the money to the permanent claas fund,
which will be used to pay for a class book that
will be published five years hence.
BERKELEY. July 14.— Graduate Manager
Ezra Decoto has secured the consent of Bart
lett L. Thane, who was quarterback of the
famous '98 eleven that defeated Stanford, to
act as an alumni member of the board that
will coach this year's varsity eleven. Thane
is engaged in mining In Alaska, but exp«ct«
to make his home In Berkeley again soon
and will devote all of his spare time In pre
paring the eleven.
Professor A. O. Leuschner. director of the
Students' Observatory. Is the author of a
meteorological bulletin that has just been is
sued from the university. It deals with th«
weather conditions In the State for the month
of June.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The election of officers b progres
sive, the only one to be voted for b**
ing the imperial outer guard. "Wil
liam J. Pettie o\ Oklahoma Tempi*
was elected. Th<» full list of officer*
includes: Imperial potentate, deorf*
L. Brown. Buffalo; imperial first cere
monial master. Frederick A. Hines.
Los Angeles. The council adjourned
after the election.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. July u.
The Imperial Council. Noblest of the
Mystic Shrine, to-day selected Niagara
Falls as the next mpetirjjj place. The
session will open on June S, 1905.
Imperial Council Select* the Place
for the Gathering in June of
Next Ycair.
SHRINERS WILL MEET
AT NIAGARA FAIXS
When they left me both of the men warned
me to make no outcry. As soon as they left
me I hastened back and gave the alarm.
"See here," said the tall man. •"didn't the
police tell you to look out fcr us? What «re
tho?e men doinjr outside the fence?"
I tried to ullav their suspicions, but they
pressed the pistols to my back and ordered me
to move on. One of them grabbed my revolver
and the other got my star, after starting me
ahead of them. They k?pt me walking out by
way of the curve at the feet of Seventh street,
through to the new cannery near Ninth street,
then around back of t-lxteenth-street station as
far as Shell Mound.
1 said, "What's the matter, boys?" One of.
them replied: "Sonif fellow drove us out of a
box rar and we don't like that."
"Well. I can't help that," I said.
When I first s»w the pair t>f robbers they
were Inside th«* fence near the brick repair
fhop in the railroad yard at the foot of Cedar
Hreet. I had met Policemen Hamerton and
Thompson and was returning to join them with
a bulls»ye lantern. The robbers wore standing
In the yard, and until I vraa elese enough to
them I thought they were Thompson and Ha
merton. As I approached the stranpers pulle<l
out pistols and ordered me to thruw up my
hands.
Rnilroad Policeman Cochran said
Cochran had not gone a great dis
tance when he was confronted by two
men. Both held revolvers In ! their
hands, which they quickly raised to a
level with the railroad policeman's
head. Cochran was taken by surprise.
He asked the men what they wanted
and in reply they ordered him to raise
Policemen Hamerton and Thompson
were sent to the West Oakland railroad
yards on the suspicion that the fugi
tives might make an attempt to leave
the city on the first outgoing freight
train. Hamerton and Thompson, when
they arrived at the yards, found Rail
road Policeman Cochran on his beat.
The officers informed the latter of the
saloon robbery and of their detail to
look about the yards. It was suggested
that the hunted men were probably
hiding in one of the empty box cars
and a search was proposed. None of
the men had a lantern and Cochran
went in quest of one. He had one in a
locker at the other end of the yards
and started away In the darkness to
get it.
CAPTURE THE OFFICER.
Wieking, when the robbers had de
parted, called up the poKio and told
what had happened. When the mes
sage was received Night Captain Wil
son immediately issued orders to as
many policemen as he could muster to
gethe/ tc search the city and. if possi
ble, to bring in the robbers. Details of
officers were dispatched throughout the
town, but for about- four hours there
were no results.
POLICE ARE NOTIFIED.
Shortly after 11 o'clock last night the
highwaymen held up and robbed the
saloon of Henry Wleking, at the corner
of Eighth and Washington streets. The
crime was particularly bold, as the
streets were brightly lighted and many
pedestrians were in the neighborhood.
One of the men wore a red mask, but
the other was not In disguise. Both
carried weapons, and when they en
tered they commanded William Wiek
ing, who Is a brother of the proprietjr
and who was in charge of the saloon,
to throw up his hands. The same or
der was given Albert Springer, the bar
tender, and Fred Josselyn, a customer.
While one of the thieves watched those
in the saloon the other passed behind
the bar and In a nervous manner open
ed the cash register and -
about $100 in coi/t. As abruptly as
they had entered the pair look their de
parture. Ones outside of the door they
pocketed their weapons and walked up
Eighth street to Clay.
Horace B. Cochran, a State railroad
policeman employed in the West Oak
land yards of the Southern Pacific
Company, encountered two highway
men for whom he was looking early
this morning, but instead of landing
the pair behind the bars, he was him
self taken prisoner, and. without wea
pon or star, compelled to march to
Shell Mound station, nearly two miles
distant, before he was given his liberty.
This stroke of daring on the part of the
thieves resulted In their escape, and the
police In several counties have been no
tified to watch for them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 14.
Concerning his experiences, State
Cochran was glad to get away. He
started back in the direction whence
he had come, and the men stood side
by side with their revolvers pointed
at him, calling upon him to make no
outcry. Frnally, when they, were out of
sight, he broke Into a run and returned
to the railroad yards. A telephone
message was sent to police headquar
ters and more policemen were sent out
on, the new clew. Those who searched
the vicinity of Shell Mound, however,
found nothing, the men Tiaving made a
quick escape.
Chief of Police HodgklnB, when he ar
rived at his olHce this morning, took
the case in charge. Detectives and pa
trolmen reported to him the result of
their investigations, but no tangible
clew was obtained during the day. One
man, Joe Ranken, waa arrested in an
intoxicated condition and held In order
that he might be closely questioned.
It Is believed that the robbers board
ed a freight train and left the county!
Telegrams were sent to Port Costa to
arreat all auspicious characters, but no
men answering the description of the
highwaymen have yet been located.
The police have good descriptions of
the men. Wieklng- and those in the sa
loon could. identify the men again and
Cochran has a very good, idea of the
robbers' appearance. They may be
local men, but the detectives are of the
opinion that they are strangers in the
city, owing to the character of their
work. The fact that they Immediately
mado an attempt to leave the city after
committing a crime strengthens this
theory.
COCHRAX'S EXPERIENCE.
When within fifty feet of the Shell
Mound station Cochran waa ordered to
halt. He did so, and then he was told
that he would be given his freedom.
The man who had taken his revolver
removed the cartridges from the
weapon and passed it back to Cochran.
The police badge was not returned.
COCIIRAX SET FREE.
his hands.. Resistance was useless and
Cochran did not hesitate. While his
hands were above his head one of the
men stepped up to him. unfastened his
star and took away his pistol.
Then the daring crooks told the po
liceman that he might lower his hands,
but that he must do as they said.
There was a brief conversation in
which the thieves gave their orders
and then started Cochran in the direc
tion of the Shell Mound depot. Among
the suggestions the highwaymen made
to Cochran was that he was not to ob
serve them too closely. When he of
fered them his watch they found its
value was little and they returned it
to him. Then the march began.
Meanwhile Pollcemon Hamerton and
Thompson waited for the lantern.
Cochran; was in the lead and two long
pistols were held close to his back. The
trio passed the bathhouse at the head
of the Oakland mole, then took to the
railroad track. While going by the
Sixteenth-street station the thieves
displayed caution and took a circuitous
route with their captive. The tramp
continued and little was said. Occa
sionally the robbers reminded Cochran
that any attempt at trickery would re
sult in his death, but otherwise the
men were silent.
Prince Ramina Aramancha Sengh,
mho claims to be a son of the former
Maharajah of Lahore, in India, and
who ia confined in the Alameda County
Jail, awaiting trial on a charge of bur
glary, is seeking aid from several
wealthy members of his family who
now reside in England. To this end he
has communicated with his brother,
Prince Victor G«a Hulip Sengh, and
his tister, Princess Louise' Sengh, who
Is a graduate of the Northwestern Col
lege of Medicine In Chicago.
About a week ago the "Prince" as
signed his effects in San Francisco to
some supposed friends in order that
they might raise the money to ball him
out of jail. He has since heard nothing
from his friends and now believes that
they have deserted him in his trouble.
The Prince, who professes to be very
fensitive concerning the honor of his
family, was at first reluctant to apply
to his relatives for aid, but tinder the
pressure of accusation and confinement
he has been driven to do so as a last
resort. He expects to hear from his
brother by return maiL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 14.
ECEN"E OF WEDNESDAY NIGHT'S EXCITING ROBBERY IN OAKLAND. THE BARTEXDER AND HIS FRIEND WHO WERE
HELD t:P AND THE RAILROAD DETECTIVE WHO WAS CAPTURED AND RELIEVED OF HIS PISTOL AND STAR BY
THE BOLD HIGHWAYMEN. WHO ARK STILL AT LARGE.
Prince Ramina Aramancha
Sengh to Ask Assistance
From Wealthy Brother
Though a spark of life remained. hi>
case was pronounced hopeless. He is
evidently a laborer, about 40 years oh!,
and 5 feet 10 Inches in height.
Though terribly injured th» man
still lived. He was immediately placed
on board the electric car and taken tr>
the corner of Third and Market
streets. Then he was hurried to the
Central Emergency Hospital in an
ambulance.
With nearly every bone in his body
from the hipg up broken, an unknown
man was found lying across the street
railway tracks at Fourth and Berry
streets early this morning. He
was first seen by Joseph Lablna,
motorman of a Kentucky street car.
As the car started across the South
ern Pacific Company's tracks on Ber
ry street Labina says he noticed the
prostrate body of a man on the track.
He halted his car just in time to pre
vent running over him.
Berry Strerts With His Bonn
Badly Crushed.
Stranger Is Picked l*P at Fourth ami
UXKXOWX MA.V IS FOUND
MANGLED OX CAR TRACKS
WILL SEEK AID
OF RELATIVES
It was shown that the father is drunk
most of the time and that the mother
is not much better. They have sepa
rated six times, and the mother has
consorted with low characters. She
habitually smokes cigarettes and ht*r
fingers are stained with nicotine. After
hearing the testimony in th«» case
Judge Ogden said he had no hesitation
in giving the children to the grand
parents, who are a respectable old
couple living in Alameda.
The three young children of Albert
and Lillian McPheters wore taken away
from them to-day by the order of
Judge F. B. Ogden and given to the
paternal grandfather. It was shown
that the parents had reached such a
degraded condition that they were not
fit to have the custody of them. The
mother made a scene in court when she
was called upon to give up her 8
year-old girl, the only child she had
with her, and declared that she would
fight before she would relinquish it.
She, however, was finally persuaded by
her husband to surrender the child
peaceably.
McPheters and his wife are younsr.
neither having reached the thirty-year
mark. They have been married about
ten years and have had six children.
Three of them are dead. The testimony
went to show that when one of their
children died, a short time ago, both
parents got drunk. A few weeks after
another died and. in order to avoid a
repetition, the grandparents, who were
caring for the child, buried it without
letting either of the parents know it
was dead.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. July 14.
They Get Drunk When One
Baby Dies and Know Noth
ing of Another's Burial
"Business affairs had nothing to do
with this unfortunate occurrence. Bur
rows was broken-hearted over his»
wife's death, and brooded over it most
of the time. He talked the subject
over with me, and I tried to induce him
to take a vacation, thinking that a
change might help him. But Burrows
said he must stay, at work, which was
the only thing that could help him.
He was one of the best men in the
company's employ. He had thirty or
forty men under him, and he was a
faithful man."
Despondency and nervous prostration,
brought on through brooding over the
sudden demise of his helpmeet, are said
by those who knew Burrows intimately
to have been the causes that prompt
ed him to seek death. Since the death
of his wife he had been living at the
home of his sister-in-law, Mrs. J. A.
Thomas, of 646 Santa Clara avenue.
He left the house last evening after
dinner. 6aying that he felt nervous and
was going out for a walk. He did not
return at night and this fact was not
discovered until this morning, when
his sister-in-law, upon going to Bur
rows* room, observed that his bed had
not been disturbed. Where the de
spondent man spent the night ia not
known, but it is thought that he waa
not far from the spot where his wife
died. Burrows was observed by J. B.
McCauley wandering about his old resi
dence several weeks ago. McCauley
attempted to speak to Burrows, but
the latter avoided him.
Since the 5th of this month Bur
rows had been treated by Dr. M. W.
Brown for nervous prostration, and had
been advised by the physician to take
a sea voyage, which he intended to
do. Burrows' friends had noticed that
he was a changed man since the death
of his wife. She died on the 15th of
March, just after alighting from an
electric car in front of her home, 1335
High street.
Burrows was 3S years of age. His
brother-in-law, Thomas Burr, of 126S
Eighth avenue. East Oakland, has
taken charge of the arrangements for
the funeral, which will be held Satur
day afternoon at 1 o'clock from the
parlors of James Fowler.
J. S. Bunnell, auditor of the Wells-
Fargo Express, said to-day, concerning
Eurrows' suicide:
NO one witnessed the tragic deed,
but Emil Lundberg. employed at the
coal yard of Harry T. Moore, 1316 High
street, heard the report of the revolver
and saw the smoke from the weapon.
He reached the inanimate form of Bur
rows at the same time as did J. L.
Hicks and O. E. Murdock. the crew of
an electric car, whose attention was at
tracted by the prostrate body of the
suicide. Deputy Coroner James Fowler
was notified and ordered the remains
taken to the local branch Morgue.
Burrows held the gun close to his
right temple and the bullet passed
through his head, the exit being close
behind the left ear. In falling after
the discharge he struck the macadam
with his face, disfiguring his eyes and
ncsc.
ALAMEDA. July 14.— With a pistol
William J. Burrows, chief of the ab
stract room In the Auditor's Depart
ment of Wells Fargo & Co.'s Express,
San Francisco, blew out his brains this
morning at 6 o'clock in front of his
former home at 1335 High street, this
city, and breathed his last on the spot
where his wife dropped dead from
apoplexy four months ago.
Major Joel G. Trimble, is a well
known resident of Berkeley. He has a
long and honorable record as an army
officer, but increasing years forced' him
to retire. The daughter has been a
great burden upon him and her malady
Increasing in its acuteness has brought
her to a condition where he feels he
can no longer prevent her from in
juring herself.
Tears were in the old Major's eyes
th'r morning when he came to see her
In the detention ward at the hospital.
Sic waved him away and said th«<t
rhp did not want anything more to do
v ith him. He wished to kiss her good
by, but the told him that he had left
hi* family for thirty years and that sa-j
thought she would do the same. Her
condition is believed to be due to
•riitp«y-
•£he has worn her mother and my
»-Hf out." said the Major this morning.
*i have done everything I could for
her. but of late she hae become un
manageable. I have had her under a
Sector's care for years and took her
l.iLtt for treatment. "'
Th* actions of Miss Martha K. Trim
ble, daughter of Major J. G. Trimble,
U. S. A., retired, who lives in a pretty
brine at 20-7 Francisco street, Berkeley,
have become so erratic that a com
plaint of insanity has finally been
lodged *sair.st her. Last night she
ran aivay from home and when she
»e» at lest retaken a determination
v&5 reached by the father that the
«nly thing to do with the unfortunate
woman was to send her to an asylum.
Phe is 32 years of age and has been
urc"«r treatment for many years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. July 14.
'In an' interview this evening Di
rector Macdonald said: "The corpora
.tlon has been formed for the purpose
of completing this road. The papers
were filed in San Francisco for the
reason that the principal place of busi
ness is to be there. The time for the
franchise runs out on October 15 and
we purpose having the road in run
ning order by that time. So, you see,
we have not much time to lose. We
will begin work immediately. The Oak
land Transit has nothing to do with
this road, which will be operated by
our company. We do not need a power
house at the present time, as we can
buy all the power we want. We will
look out for that later on."
The Adams people, it Is thought, are
the most interested in the new concern,
and it is believed they are pushing the
completion of the road In order to give
them an outlet for their large holdings
near Adams Point. They have much
property along the proposed line be
yond the heart of the city, and it is
presumed that the main object of pro
jecting a line in this direction is to tap
their land.
It has been current street talk that
the Southern Pacific Company also had
interests in the road in connection with
projects to convert their steam local
train service in this city on Seventh
and Webster streets into electric lines.
The route to be traversed by the new
company's lines begins at the foot of
Broadway, near First street. The cars
will run up Broadway, from First to
Fifth street, along Fifth to Washing
ton, up Washington to Tenth, along
Tenth back to Brodway, up Broadway
to Fourteenth, along Fourteenth to
Webster, along Webster to the Boule
vard, thence across Adams Point to
Pleasant Valley and out to the ceme
teries. --
Articles of incorporation were flled
yesterday with the County Clerk of
San Francisco by the "Webster-street
and Park Railway Company of Oak
land. The capital stock Is stated at 1150,
000. News of the Incorporation of this
line, which has for its object the com
pletion of an electric railroad through
the heart of Oakland and extending
from the water front to the cemeteries,
occasioned no little interest bfere. The
franchise for this road was granted by
the City Council and the Board of Su
pervisors almost a year ago. It re
quires the work to be done by October
15, and it is expected that the roads
will be completed by that date.
The system is commonly called the
"corkscrew" line. By taking advan
tage of the provision of the law which
enables one company to use the lines of
another for five blocks the new corpor
ation can get from the water front
through the heart of the city without
being obliged to lay other than con
necting tracks with those of "the Oak
land Transit Consolidated.
The directors are J. H. Macdonald of
the real estate firm of J. H. Macdonald
& Co.; John Charles Adams, capitalist;
Thomas Prather, president of the
Union National Bank; Charles E. Wil
son, the attorney of San' Francisco,
and T. A. Perkins.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 14.
PARENTS UNFIT
FOR CHILDREN
Line to Use Existing Tracks
and Bun From Heart of
Oakland to the Cemeteries
Despondency Over Sudden
Demise of His Spouse
Prompts the Tragic Act
The Parents Are Worn Out
With Long Watching and
Caring for Unfortunate
WILL OPEN IN AUTUMN
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
KINS AWAY FfiOM HOME
Major J. G. Trimble Has to
Lodge Insanity Charge
Against His Daughter
Incorporation in San Fran
cisco of the AVebster-
Street and Park Bailway
William .7. Burrows Takes
His Life AVith a Pistol
on a Street in Alameda
GIRL BECOMES
UNMANAGEABLE
EXPIRES WHERE
HIS WIFE DIED
TO BUILD NEW
ELECTRIC ROAD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- FRIDAY. JULY 15, 1904.
Compel Officer Horace B. Cochran, Who Was Searching for Them,
to Pilot Them to Shell Mound, Where They Set Him Free-Oak
land Detectives Hunt Vainly for a Trace of the Hold-Up Men
DARING ROBBERS OF SALOON
LATER CAPTURE POLICEMAN
6
Telephone Alunieda 559.
ALAJ1EDA.
1435 Park Street.
1016 I '.roadwav.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
OAKLAND.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTYSAN JOSE; July lo.— Edgar 8. Thomas, a
(raveling piano-tuner. Is being held at th«
county 'jail pending 'examination on a charge
fif insanity. He Is about fiO years ot age.
Llttlo can be learned frqm him regarding his
relatives. He claims to have a wife livln»
In San Jose, but cannot give her address.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 14. —
"Cyclone" Kelly and Tommy Ileilly,
both .^f San , 'Francisco, have been
matched to box twenty rounds here on
August 1. One hundred and fifty-eight
pounds is the weight stipulated.
Kelly nnd ltcilly Matched.
New Fast Train to San Jose.
SAN JOSE, July 14.— Beginning
next Sunday, the Southern Pacific will
put on a new fast' train between San
Francisco, San Jose and Santa Cruz,
by way of Pajaro and Watsonville, to
run daily, except Sundays. A Sunday
local will also be run from this city
BODY OF HENRY PAXTON
KINGSLEY IS IDENTIFIED
Mystery of the Disappearance of the
New York Clubman Is
Finally Cleared. .
NEW YORK, July 14.— The body of
Henry Paxton Kingsley, who disap
peared mysteriously November 14,
which was found last night' in the
Harlem River, was identified" beyond
question to-day.
Music at the Presidio.
The Third Artillery Corps band
will give a concert at the Presidio this
afternoon. The •following programme
March— "Salve" Baldi
Overture — "Morning, Noon and Night In
Vienna" Suppe
Excerpts from "Romeo and Juliet".... Gounod
Descriptive piece, "A Hunting Scene"
Bucalossl
Selection — "Kchoes from the Metropolitan
Opera-house" Tobanl
Characteristic march — "Dixie. Land" . . . Hayncs
A banquet at the Hotel St. James
this evening closed the entertainment
tendered the delegates by the local so
ciety.
President. Maria J. Gloria of Oakland; vice
president, Maria C, L»mos of Oakland; secre
tary, Maria A. S. I.emo» of Oakland: treas
urer. Rita A. Rogers of Sen I^eanJro; mistress
of ceremonies, Marie C. Tavare of Sacramento;
marshal. Julia J. i-mlth of. San Joso; inslJe
Kuard. Anna O. Joseph of Han Jose; directors —
Maria •..'.Enow (ex-supreme president), Mrs.
Minnie Kreltas (ex-supremo secretary). Marie
J. Dias>. GeorKlana Woods and Marie F. Pru
lierio; supreme medical director. Dr. Jose L..
de Azevedo ot Oakland.
SAN JOSE, July 14. — The St. Eliza
beth" Society of Po'rtuguese Catholic
Ladies of California completed its an
nual convention this afternoon. The
following officers were elected and in
stalled to-day:
New Officers Are Elected and In
stalled and Delegates Are Enter
' talncd at a Banquet.
PORTUGUESE CATHOLIC
LADIES END CONVENTION
LANCASTER. Pa., July 14.— John
O'Brien and Joseph Furman, alias Day,
who, it is alleged, murdered the aged
tollgate keeper, Samuel Rosster, near
Lcaman place, on the night of July 1,
arrived in Lancaster to-night as pris
oners. A thousand men who had gath
ered at the Pennsylvania Railroad sta
tion made a rush for the murderers. A
squad of police, with drawn revolvers,
formed about the prisoners and clubbed
their way to a waiting trolley car. The
crowd attacked the car, pulling the
trolley pole from the overhead wires.
It was only by driving back the mob at
pistol point that the car was got under
way. A half-dozen shots were fired at
the car as it moved off.
At the jail there was another crowd
in waiting, and it was with the great
est difficulty that the prisoners were
finally landed behind the bars.
volvers to Save the Lives of
Murderers.
Police Are Compelled to Use Re-
MOB IX PENNSYLVANIA
ATTEMPTS A LYNCHING
WILLOWS, July 14. — The most dis
astrous fire in the history of Glenn
County has been raging in the foothill
section to the west of this city for
the past two days. The fire has burned
over a strip of country fifteen miles
long, laying waste thousands of acres
of valuable pasturage and standing
grain. The greatest loss, however, Is
to the pastures, as most of the sec
tion swept by the fire is used as graz
ing land, and the loss to stockmen will
be enormous.
Nearly the whole of Clarks Valley
was burned over and much standing
grain destroyed. Farmers fought the
flames all day to save their homes and
to-night the fire has reached a point
directly west of here and is burning
in heavy stubble. Fanned by a strong
south wind, the flames are getting
alarmingly near the great fields of
standing grain and it is feared that
nothing can be done to stay the spread
of the fire. Hundreds of men are now
engaged in fighting the fire and all
available help is being rushed to the
scene and the men being promised
high wages. At a late hour to-night
it seems impossible to stay the flames
and the whole western section is
threatened. .
VALLEJO, July 14.— During the
morning session of the Grand Council
of the Youne Ladies' Institute the ex
emplification of the ritual was com
pleted. Many changes were made.
Telegrams of congratulation were
received from Council No. 7, Y. L. 1., of
Sacramento, and the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society, of which Mary Conlin is
grand secretary.
Invitations were received to the dedi
cation of the Seamen's Club House for
Sailors and Marines next Saturday af
ternoon, and to the matinee on the
same occasion at the Novelty Theater.
Grand Secretary and Treasurer Miss
J. T. Malloy reported that during the
past two years the receipts were
5&O47 80, and expenditures $7138 01. Of
that sum there was disbursed on ac
count of sick benefits $7101 05, and on
account of death benefits J3600. The
receipts of subordinate councils
amounted to $22,214 49, and their ex
penditures were $21,216 53.
The Grand Institute spent this af
ternoon considering the report of Miss
May Stein, the grand president. The
report complimented those who have
been working to preserve historic land
marks .and showed that the different
councils have contributed well to the
fund. According to the report more
than 2000 new members have been re
ceived into the order since the last
grand session, and a number, of new
councils have been instituted. The
grand president mentioned the active
co-operation of Institutes Nos. 1, 2, 3, 7
and 20 in behalf of the McKinnon fund.
A number of suggestions made by the
grand president relative to the consti
tution were acted upon.
The grand officers and delegates en
joyed themselves at the spacious house
of the Vallejo Yachting and Rowing
Club this evening, being the guests of
the club and of Council No. 13, Y. L. I.,
of Vallejo. An informal reception was
followed by dancing and the serving of
refreshments. fc
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Big Fire Is Raging in the
Foothill Section of Glenn
County, West of Willows
Affairs of Young Ladies'
Institute Are Shown to Be
in Flourishing Condition
FLAMES SWEEP
PASTURE LANDS
GRAND COUNCIL
HEARS REPORTS
The price of beer in California may
climb the scale as rapidly as beef has
tone up in the East. Unless the boss
brewers concede the agreement sub
mitted by the Brewery Workers'
Union or agree to a conference with
the delegates authorized by the union
at last night's meeting to notify the
bosses of the action taken, there will
be a general strike all over the State at
I o'clock this afternoon.
At the meeting of the Brewery
Workmen's Union last night brewery
union men from all parts of the city
and Oakland were present. After the
situation was thoroughly discussed a
vote was taken on the question of en
forcing the demands of the union for
a schedule of 522 a week fpr six work
ing days and 75 cents for all overtime.
The new agreement, which was sub
mitted to and rejected by the bosses,
differs from the existing contract only
In the increase of %2 a week and in
the requirement that only one appren
tice to every ten men shall be em
ployed. The old agreement allowed
one apprentice to every five men and
the wages was ?20 a week and 50
cents for overtime.
RESOLUTION'S ADOPTED.
The following resolutions were
unanimously carried at the meeting:
Whereas. The brewery owners of this city
ha\e refused to enter into negotiations with
cur umon on the basis of new agreement pre
»'r.ted to the Brev.crs" Protective Association;
and.
Whereas. The said Brewers' Protective As
sociation is trying to fcrce the old contract
»!th revisions and changes detrimental to the
inti-rctt of this union on us and thereby make
cur conditions as wage workers worse than
they »vre before; therefore, be It
IWolved. That it is the sense of this union
that under no circumstances shall we allow
the. brewery owners to force the old contract
with those changes and revisions on us; and be
netolved. That Brewery Workers' Union No.
7 shall lay down their tools and all go on a
Urike <n Friday. July IS. at 5 p. m.. and stay
»:ut until the bosses se« fit to confer and nego
tiate with this union on the basis of our new
agreement as submitted to them; and be it
Resolved. That the executive committee
fc<-,Jd a -racial meeting after the adjournment
< :' this meeting and appoint a committee to
notify the »..¦..-- of the result of the vote-
Taken Jjy the union. And. should the bosses
f.-.il to recognize the agreement submitted or
ajrroe to hold a conference with the delegates,
then the executive committee is hereby author
ized to call a strike.
It was explained by the secretary of
the union that the reason why to-day
is selected for action is that the old
agreement expires at 5 o'clock this
afternoon.
Telegrams were received from Los
Angeles favoring the strike, from San
Jose to the same purpose and from
Sacramento in opposition to it. Should
the strike be declared in this city every
brewery in the State will be affected,
as the union extends its jurisdiction to
all parts of California.
Five of the most important brew
eries in this city, it is said, will be
immediately placed under a boycott,
but the names of these are withheld
for the present by the union men.
UNIONS ELECT OFFICERS.
Union elections held this week have
rpsultr-d as follows:
G»!> Workers' Union No. 9S4<V— President. J.
J. Bretlin; vice president. M. J. Gordon; re-
»-crdms eecretary. Charles Cavanaugh; flnan
¦ ua Mcretair. F. K. Plate; treasurer. P. V.
iveanis; guardian. T. Driscoll: guide, J Law.
less; burtaesa agent p. Crowley executive
»«oard— G. W. Bell. B Cerf D. Coleman. F.
Crawford. T. Dezerill©'. James Hester. Joseph
lilley. J. Russell. James Riley and B. Watson;
d»;'*atAs to the Labor Council— P. V. Kearas,
Jmr.es Hester and F. E. Plate.
District Council of Painters— President. Wil
.iam Scully; vice president, W. J. X. Robin
n>n: recordins secretary, George Bowen: finan
< :al secretary and treasurer C. L. Philbrick;
warden. J. Griffin; trustees — George Oakes.
Thomas Sullivan. P. H. Pratt. T. Lynch and
B. Whictknecht.
Mann* Cooks' &n<J Walter* 1 and Stewards*
Association of the Pacific Coast — Secretary.
Eugene .Steidle; treasurer. Ed Anderson: first
pairolrr.an. Frank McKernan; second patrol
man J. O'Connor; apent In Seattle. R. Pow
«r>; agent in San Pedro. G. A. Lloyd.
James Eheehan, aged four years,
may lose the sight of his left eye as
the result of falling into a barrel of
lime yesterday at the home of his
parents, 2606 Bryant avenue. The
f hild was badly burned about the
head. He was treated at the City and
County Hospital.
Child Fulls Into Lime.
Fireman Michael Drury was treated
at the Park Emergency Hospital yes
terday for a lacerated wound of the
scalp, and later sent to his home at
34 2 Second avenue. Drury was work
ing on a ladder at a fire at Cook
street and Point Lobos avenue when
a hose slipped from the hands of the
firemen above him. A coupling
¦truck him on the head and caused
the injury.
Fireman Drury Is Injured.
The man who had a white elephant
on his hands must take a back seat
and let D. J. Sullivan have all the
calcium as the original and only "per
secuted kid." Sullivan has two houses
on his hands. He contracted two
months ago to move them from Hyde
and Ellis streets to Fillmore and Post
streets. He got them out into the
street, but the United Railroads wires
interfered with the journey.
The'best house jockeys that Sullivan
could hire could not make the dwellings
hurdle these barriers. He could not
coax them under the wires. All sorts
of suggestions were offered. One was
that Sullivan tow the houses behind a
balloon and drop them gently in their
new places. One man showed plans for
a tunnel by which the houses could be
shifted without inconvenience to the
United Railroads. Sullivan chased this
fellow three blocks with a mallet.
As soon as the houses were taken
from their foundations new flats were
started, which are now nearly finished.
Sullivan's houses are still In the street,
like a pair of wooden orphans out in
the cold world.
The Police Department classifies
them as the biggest pair of loafers
In the city. "They've been hanging
around the same corner for two
month*," pay the policemen on the
beat. "We can't get them to move on."
Whenever Sullivan has attempted to
cut wires to make way for his houses
threats of arrest have prevented him.
A section in the California Penal Code
makes the cutting of wires a felony.
Sullivan offered to guarantee the price
el repairing the lines but it was re
fused. Yesterday he sued for an in
fused.
First the United Railway Company
protested against its wires being
touched and enjoined Sullivan. The
house mover went to court and was
told that he had a right to move the
shacks, but must do so at the United
Roalroads' convenience. Then the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
maintained that its wires were sacred.
That was the last straw.
Yesterday he sued for an injunc
tion to prevent Chief Wittman
from arresting him when he starts to
cut his way out of the dilemma. Judge
Troutt will pass upon the case. Mean
while the shacks are still loafing around
the corner. The residents of the dis
trict contemplate applying for a pound
for ownerless houses.
PERSONAL.
William S. Wall of -Woodland Is at
the California.
H. P. Hood, a mining man of Hod
son, is at the Palace.
Attorney E. A. Forbes of Marysville
is a guest at the Grand.
Former State Senator A. F. Jones of
Oroville is at the Palace.
C. B. Shaver, a lumber man of
Fresno, is at the Palace.
B. F. Brooks, the well known oil
man of Weed, is at the Palace.
J. J. Mellus, a ship owner of Los
Angeles, is staying at the Palace.
H. Wittlngburg, a banker of Port
land, registered yesterday at the Pal
ace.
Major and Mrs. Edgar Herapath of
London arrived at the Palace yester
day.
Dr. Martin Cook of Jackson, Fla.,
is among the latest arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
William Graham, the well known
oil man of Santa Barbara, is at the
St. Francis.
Captain John P. Haines and Major
J. C. Bush of the army are registered
at the SL Francis.
William P. Hammon, general man
ager of the big dredging concern of
OrovIIle, Is registered at the Palace.
William McMurray, head of the in
formation bureau of the St. Francis,
returned yesterday from a several
weeks' business trip in the East.
Professor Hugo de Vries, the emi
nent scientist, will be the guest of the
Sempervlrens Club on its outing in the
State forest reserve, in the Bis Basin,
from Saturday to Monday next.
A. P. Moran of the Irvlngton Acad
emy is registered at the Russ, where
there are also staying a number of
young Filipinos, who are receiving
their education at the Irvineton insti
tution and at present seeing the sights
of San Francisco under the direction
of Moran.
S. Condo, editor in chief of the Sun
Trade Journal of Japan, the recog
nized organ of the commercial classes
of that country, and S. Kobagashi, one
of the leading publishers of Tokio, are
at the Palace. They have been mak
ing a tour of this country and are
now returning to Tokio.
Callfornlans in New York*
NEW YORK.- July 14. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are registered here:
From San Francisco— H. L. Bellack,
at the Herald Square; R. L. Dollar, at
the Astor; Miss Fitzpatrick, at the
Hoffman; S. L. Foster, at the Grand
Union; L. Goldberg, at the St. Denis;
Mrs. M. Jones, at the Hoffman; R.
Levy, at the St. Denis; Mrs. J. T. Min
ers, at the Marlborough; D. Abraham
and R. Bolle, at the Albert; H. F. Hel
wig 1 , at the Union Square; G. Marcus
and wife, at the Wellington; R. B.
McLain. at the Marlborough; J. Na
than, at the Herald Square; T. W.
Wynders, at the Park Avenue.
From San Diego — E. A. Feno and
wife, at the Normandie.
From Santa Cruz — Miss Culverwell
and Miss H. Thompson, at the Marl
borough.
Both White and McNamara were
taken to the Central police station and
closely questioned as to the fight.
Neither would make ' any charge
against the other and they were finally
permitted to ro free.
Dr. Cox said that the wounds ap
peared to have been inflicted by a dull
instrument. There were four incised
wounds on the scalp, cutting through
the skin. It took twelve stitches to
sew them up.
White, considerably sobered by this
time, admitted that he had been the
aggressor, and at first protested that he
did not know the man who had hurt
him. McNamara later admitted that
he had ejected White from the saloon,
but denied that he had intentionally
struck him on the head.
McNamara said: "White came into
the saloon early this evening in a state
of intoxication. * He tried to raise a
rough house and I tried to keep him
quiet. He then pulled out a revolver
and began to poke me in the ribs with
it in a semi-jocular manner. I ob
jected and told him to leave the place.
He refused. I then took hold of him
and put him out. He "was flourishing
the gun all the time. As we went out
together through the door I managed
to get hold of the gun. A scuffle en
sued. We fell down. In the mean
time the gun was accidentally ex
ploded. I do not know how White
got the cuts on his head. I did not
mean to hit him. Perhaps I did it
•with the butt end of the gun. I did
not shoot at him. When the scuffle
was over we came back into the sa
loon. His friends took away the re
volver."
J. D. Leonard, who was passing up
Geary street at the time, said he saw
two men engaged in an altercation in
front of the Turtle Saloon. They were
moving around. Suddenly he heard a
pistol shot, and in a few seconds after
ward he heard another. He rushed up
the street, but before he got there the
affair was over, and he found White
at the wash basin in the saloon wash
ing off the blood stains. He then took
White to the office of Dr. L. C. Cox,
who sewed up the wounds in his head.
A crowd quickly gathered. White
was taken to the saloon and then to
the office of Dr.L. C. Cox, at 233 Geary
street, where his wounds were dressed.
McNamara snatched the pistol from
him, and then White grappled with
him. They rolled over on the sidewalk,
and when White got up he had four
deep scalp wounds on his head, ap
parently the result of blows from the
revolver in McNamara's hands. Then
the shots were fired. .
J. D. White, a racetrack man and
horse ' owner, living at 1820 Market
street, was severely cut about the head
shortly after 12 o'clock this morning
by John McNamara, proprietor of the
Turtle cafe, an unlicensed saloon at
Powell and Geary streets. White had
been drinking in the saloon. He be
came so noisy and flourished a revolver
so recklessly that McNamara ejected
him. The two men grappled on the
sidewalk, went down and in the scuffle
McNamara got the pisioi away from
White and struck him on the head.
As White rose to his feet, the saloon
keeper fired two shots, but neither bul
let hit the horseman.
White had spent some time in the
saloon and created considerable dis
turbance. He was carelessly twirling
his reVolver about his finger and Mc-
Namara told him to put it in his
pocket. This he refused to do and the
proprietor started to put him out of
the saloon.
Neither Bullet Takes Ef
fect, bufy Victim's Head
Is Battered During Scuffle
People of the Neighborhood
Want a Pound Started
for the Vagrant Shacks
If Agreement Is Not Reached
by Five (/Clock Workers
Will Drop Their Tools
REVOLVER TWICE USED
AFFECTS WHOLE STATE
WILL NOT MOVE ONWARD
Union 3Icn Issue Ultimatum
to Bosses Regarding Ac
lion Which Must Be Taken
I). Sullivan Has Two Houses
Which Are Bigger Prob
lems Than Two Elephants
SHANTIES SHY
AT REMOVAL
BREWERS MAY
STRIKE TO-DAY
J. D. White, a Horseman, Is
Badly Cut by John 3Ic-
Xamara of Turtle Saloon
FIRES SHOTS
AFTER FICHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
MILWAUKEE. July 12.— Thfre appears to
be absolutely no truth in the rumor of th»
sale of the Wisconsin Central lines to the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway Com
pany.
Sitka cable. This is the first message
ever the cable and was sent from the
free end back to Sitka and by land
to Seattle.
First Message Over the Sitka Cable.
SEATTLE, July 14. — The United
States Signal Office in this city received
a telegram to-day from the steamer
Burnside, which is laying the Seattle-
to Alviso tor the accommodation of
bathers.
7
PKAGEltS ; ; | '' ' PRAGERS | PRAGERS | " PRAGERS
What. an opportunity this is; unheard of reductions in women's
wash wearing apparel; kitchen utensils at prices lower than ever: — and
besides all these bargains there is the Extra Shopping lndiicement* told
about at the bottom of this ad.
Compare These Prices on Women's Everything Needed for the Kitchen
Wash Apparel and Home
ei . . BERLIN SAUCE PANS. i:t:c,ut,ar
. SkirkS. SALE REGULAR TO 'DAT. PRICE .
; - ' — • to-dat. • price. 4c — Xail Brushes ioc
f*C%s** 3 °° extra quality satin finish black Duck Skirts; full width; 3Gc— ici-quart Dish Pan... 66c 2c_Asbestos Mats 5c
UUV a [l seams double sewn. with linen thread. This is a remark- «4c_Double-coated Berlin 44c_Sleeve Iron * c-r
able, special, the regular value of which is $1.50. , . Sauce Pan ooc 44c c \ v> J *°
r\rk^ 260 pretty Polka Dot Duck Skirts of extra quality material, in n" si a'^"'^"^^ Boards 5S c
S)1)C bl - uc or black; strapped over the hips and down "the front "Oc-Double-coated Berlin 19c_\Vash Boards 35 c
*^ with two rows of material to match. The regular value $1.75. Sauce Pan 75c 23c_Window Screens 35c
1/ p. Over two thousand new summer run-about camping skirts, 30c— Double-coated Berlin 4c— Foot of Gas Tubing,
y^XxvX in a fine assortment of pretty fancy mixtures; cut 011 the Sauce Pan 55c covered 8c
same models as the most expensive skirts; swagger styles. 34c Double-coated Berlin in«» n n- i. V> j"
Some prettily strapped, others plainly tailored with two jockey pock- uouDie coated Benin 3 »«~Glass Wash Board.. 5 5c
ets, all double stitched. Sauce Pan 50c 91.15— Curtain Stretchers. ..$1.25
Full line of extra large sizes. To-day's prices are $1.25, $1.45, $1.69, LIPPED SAUCE PANS. 44c— Bread Box 55c
$1.95 up to $2.75. 15c— Double-coated Lipped 4Sc— Double - coated Dish
Wash Suits— Less Than Cost,. .,„ !f u " Pan ••:;•;•••: 25C ri Pan 65C
¦ 1 1— c — Double-coated Lipped «*lc — 17-quart double-coat-
Ct? A V GT CW ummer Wash Suits, about 100 in the lot, selling Sauce Pan 18c ed Dish Pan 75c
ID I o4-t> [or. less* than. 'the price of the cost of making them; 25c_Double-coatcd Lipped 43c-Tea Pot, double-
waists full pouch effect and skirts with full flare below c t> 1
hips; come in three different patterns. The regular value $3.50. bauce ±-an 3 3 c coated 55c
Other good values at $2.95. $3-75 and $4-95, all greatly reduced in 37c— Double-coated Lipped 33e_Coffee Pot, double-
price and showing some beautiful styles and patterns. Sauce Pan 55c coated 45c
_. . I __- . i - 6c— Coffee or Tea Strain- 21c— Shallow Stew or Eetr
Shirt Waists. crs IOC Pan3> 9x9 and
SHgh'ly soUed by. the dust, from renovations in store. 4c— Egg Turners 10c inches deep 30c
• About 500 handsome new summer Lawn Waists, in pretty S^S^ ' I0C 23c -. Co ' and ". J^'o and 4
4-ftC st >-' es ' s «8 htl y musscd and crumpled by being displayed, Coat Hangers, ioc inches deep 35c
* *^ w but not in the least damaged. The regular values, S1.50 to lOc— Nickel-plated Towel t»Dc— Rice Boiler, double-
$2.00. Don't miss the chance of getting one of these splendid waists at Racks ...-. 15c coated Royal steel o-c
this great reduction. • 5c_ 4 dozen Clothes Pins, ioc 6Tc_Li PP ed Sauce Pan or
Wrannprc t —» Kettle, in doublc-
WrapperS. 1 coated Royal steel... 90c
79c ¦ There Win Be "Tilll -.
a big aSSOrtmept Of Colors; £% .« • TV # X 37c_Milk Can of Royal
Illliilil;! oomethmg Domgat |pi!iil|
capes or neatly trimmed to«-^ —»**-*>** Royal enamcI warc " 6 * c
yoke effects; waists lined A S ttCCFS HO ft Tea Kettle.
with a good quality of lin- -. O hllli Double " coatcd
ing. Regular Value $1..50. AZ&l TTh A 9 U " U cnamelwarc Tea
AL^YSRELIABLE Oofl't MiSS It a' ALMWS RELIABLE
1238>1250MARKETST.^s I Ul * L "-• | fi 12 38 -12 50 MARKET ST^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JS9^S3y Ay MM Every woman coTeti a
loss of their girlish forma
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
nse of this wonderful
book, telling all about «^«™»
this liniment, will be sent free. MOlT* W&6J& JS/tnSk JIMft
Tte tiniMi fopriata to., Ataft. 8a, BT fflM^lfM&w
B a I IteS I 1 I f \ I "* m»i! be kind a* phoney,
I I \ ByKj c \\ I \J Like in eddycited Coney,
/ Tk \ fli'W J V Or i »olid mile o' Biraaia, If yfl Dk«|
I _i{i/'>*^* BYK \\ *' m ••' lo P' n * l^ at ' bin f»
\ I V^^ J \ Per a w«ek «r *• t» rubber »o ti« Plia.
J*. I ; If j \ — **A Balla4 of the Pike," by Wallace Irwra. C**f-
V filfi *n JS III \ rljhteJ by C«Uier'» Weekly. Pab!Ua*« by pcmiMla*. !
111 .Illivlffl %J M ¦ ===
11 111' v " To St. Louis and Return
ill 'I Iffllffl llU'iPllMll Aurutf,o,io,l«,l9; September h Ortobcr J.'*.J,6.
¦ I WM II l^'nW» Return limit, ninety d»y».
fliilSlmillftv Taie the Rock Island System tad yen go
'Illw$lwll8l^^^^ thro* without change. Scenic or Southern
/i filiiSm Lfce*" Preferred. Standard tnd tourut
Mi¥M 111! ifm sI=e P b s cars; dinin » cars - Tnbu Kop at
pS SI | 111 lira Main Entrancc World ' 8 Fair '
III 1 mr M or writs> raHi
nwmn wjt c. a. rothm«»k, d. p. a., JH3Wnff|a
ADVEBTISEltZNTS.
Oufiercra from
DYSPEPSIA
cannot onir find relief, bat «n absolute
rare from this distressing troabir by using
In erder to prove that this absolntely
s harmless remedy cores catsrrhal in-
flammation of the stomach, I will send
TRIAL SIZE BOTTLE FREE
00 receipt of 25 cents to pay postesr.
Gi.Ycozo.NE not only relieves, bot
it cures.
la this :t differs from what yon may
have used.
Sold by lending druggists.
Wene rename wltb*nt tny >i r . n urc.
<5IO Prlnco St.. New York.
Km4 f»r fr*« Booklet " E«w to tr»il ilmnct "
eeBtUBur hendr-d. at uuolicit*4 tMiuaaaW.
of wa&darfal cam.
WafRer's Seff-Puffinrj Corkscrew Free to Want Advertisers in Sunday's CaffA London "Bobby's" Memory.
The best memory has its moments
of bewilderment or aberration; and the
other day a policeman at the Guildhall
Irish Exhibition, London, had his sus
picions retrospectively aroused, he
hardly knew how, as he stood before
the first picture on the line. It was
the wholly innocent face of a lady, a
lady, too, who is a favorite with all the
innocence of England, that loves stories
free from cruelty or any such stain.
The portrait was "No. 1" in the cata
logue, and It represented Miss Kath
arine Tynan. The city policeman was
baffled in presence of his vague uncom
fortableness. Then he remembered.
He was back again in . the days -of
dynamite, when another "No. 1" was a
terror— and bore, too, the name of Ty
nan.
t t j HEN an occasional migratory mosquito loses
\/\/ its way and arrives in this city or, inbued with
¦ » an exploring turn of mind, announces its arrival
here by presenting a bill o£ a size to make a tailor
despair, its succulent San Francisco • victim smashes
desperately at the culex pipiens in a strenuous endeavor
to make its tyrief life briefer. The San Franciscan recks
not that his wild and fruitless swing into space simply
serves to nag his uninvited guest to more spirited efforts
to eat him and perhaps tends to locate its lumpy work
in a spot less desirable than that first provided for in
the specifications.
Instead of waxing wroth at being served raw through
the business end of the culex, let him give thanks that
his guest didn't bring along its whole Simuliidae family,
from the little toddling culexes up to the old bald-headed
vampires and gailinippers with their trunks and suit
cases, to spend a summer outing on > him like they do*
The Baltimore Herald of June 30 prints the following
warning to its inhabitants: ' "The latest news is that a
vast army of mosquitoes is advancing on the city "from <
the south, and already the easy-going fishermen 'and
idlers on Light-street bridge have been routed. The cool
BALTIMORE MOSQUITOES.
Redding peace officers have been much disturbed to
solve a perplexing problem presented in the surrender
of a self-confessed burglar who cannot be convicted
but who is too dangerous to be set. at liberty. Why not
trap him into the commission of a new offense, and, dis
guising the motive, send him where he belongs to join
the band of incoTrigibles in a penitentiary?
Every one knows that Mexican silver
dollars circulate In the Far East, espe
cially in China. But it seems the Mexi
can minting is no£ enough of a certifi
cate of character. A peso that has long
been in circulation in China is covered
with Chinese characters. The bankers,
of whom there are hundreds in China,
who receive Mexican dollars affix to
them their seals to guarantee their
legitimacy, and as pesos circulate and
go from one bank to another they are
being marked bv all banks which re
ceive them. In case the peso proves to
be illegal the banker who sealed it last
has to change It for good money and
withdraw it from circulation. When the
pesos are completely covered with seals
they are sent back to Mexico to be re
coined, the expense being paid by all
the bankers whose seals are seen on the
coin. It is in accordance with a recent
agreement. But it often happens that
dollars, although marked all over their
two faces, continue in circulation and
are highly esteemed, as the seals are
so many guarantees that they are gen
uine. The decision to seal pesos was
taken because illegal coins began to cir
culate in China.
"Sealed Pesos."
The English are a music loving na
tion, and they love to hear music even
when going about their daily occupa
tions, and so it is that the spires and
towers of their mighty cathedrals are
hung full of glorious bells. So fond of
bell ringing is "Merrle England" that
Handel once said the bell is her na
tional instrument. It is not strange,
therefore, that we find this instrument
frequently adopted as a public sign.
From early in the seventeenth century
Bell Inns were numerous in London. In
Knightrider street there was an . old
inn, the walls of which were prefaced
with a giant bell carved in bold relief,
the keystone had the initials "M. T.
A." and the date 166S. This fine speci
men is now in Guildhall. But a little
step away, In Carter lane, there was
another Bell Inn, which has the proud
distinction of being the hostelry from
which Richard Quyney wrote, in 159S,
to his "loving good ffrend and coun
treyman, Mr. Wilm Shakespeare," the
only letter addressed to the Bard of
Avon now known to exist. The letter
is preserved in Stratford, the home of
the world's greatest poet. . Not iar
away, again, there is a modern bell
tavern, a place where it is said Dickens
loved to go when making notes for
"David Copperfleld."
One of the most ancient and reputa
ble wholesale druggists in the city,
while rebuilding on his oW site, dug out
of the foundations of the ancient house
an old sign of "The Bell and Dragon."
It had lain there for more than 200
years, having been used on a prior
building before the disasters of the
great flre, and had fallen through into
the general ruins. The peculiarity of
the situation is that the firm had
adopted "The Bell Dragon" for their
trademark before the discovery of the
fire-touched relic. This splendid old
stone bas-relief is Jealously preserved,
and occupies a prominent place In the
entrance 1 of the Holborn branch of the
firm. — St. Nicholas.
Bell as a London Sign.
At the recent Victoria Hospital ba
zaar quite a number of American wom
en present were anxious to obtain the
Queen's autograph, but Mrs. Henry Sie.
gel turned out to be the only fortunate
one. Her application was supported by
three of the Queen's most intimate
friends, namely, the Duchess of Marl
borough. Mrs. Ronalds and Mrs. Arthur
Paget. Much astonishment is expressed
at the success of Mrs. Siegel, consider
ing that she is but a newcomer on the
scene of English fashionable, society.
Mrs. Frank Mackey, who is also shin
ing in society now, was in the running
for an autograph, too, but her backing
was not strong enough, although she
had the support of the Dowager
Duchess of Roxburghe and Mrs. Willie
LONDON. June 28.— Supposedly at?
his American wife's suggestion, the lit
tle Duke of Marlborough started in to
be a real hustler not long ago, but his
effort has had rather an unhappy end-
Ing. It hasn't been entirely wasted,
however, Tor it has shown over again
what happy-go-lucky methods obtain
In the British Government service and
vhat determined opposition is likely
to be met with by any one who, like the j
I>uke. attempts to introduce something j
like efficiency.
Marlborough's effort to stir up things j
s bit was made when his Grace receiv- J
ed the appointment of Under Secretary j
of State for the Colonies. Soon after !
tnkir.s hold of the reins he introduced
into his department what both the per
manent officials and underlines there
considered revolutionary departures.
From 10 o'clock until 4 were the hours j
1 ecujrnized by the Duke's predecessor, j
but the new Under Secretary insisted I
that the 4 should be made 5 in future,
end whenever he found that the work
of the office was getting behind he had
h notice posted up to the effect that
until the men had caught up they must
be at their desks at 9 every morning.
The Duke set the example.
But in the eyes of the staff this policy
cf the Duke's was simply a demand for |
f.vo hours' extra duty without extra pay
and the Under Secretary's department
became at once a hotbed of disaffection.
Many of the clerks asked to be trans
ferred to some other department of the
tiovernmtnt and most of the rest
threatened to strike. Sorest of all were
the so-called "permanent officials."
These elderly fossils, who previously
had been in the habit of getting down
et 11 o'clock in the morning, felt that
the Duke had done each of them a per
sonal injury in introducing what they
described as his "arbitrary methods." '
Before long a deputation representing
the office staff waited upon the Duke
to ask if the good old easy times
<-ouldn't come back again, but the Duke
declared he meant to carry out the
work of his department in his own
way, as he believed it to be to the pub
lic interest. The next move was a reg
ular conspiracy on the part of the staff
to set about their duties in a go-as
you-please sort of fashion, with the re-
Fult that the work soon got into a sim
ply chaotic state.
Undoubtedly the Duke would have
peen the thing through had he met
¦with any support from his own supe
riors, but the contrary was the case. I
understand that It was suggested to
him ' r his chief in office that he had
better knuckle under and he now has
done so. In fact, it is said the. Duke
is now going on the other tack and at
tempting to conciliate the permanent
officials of his department by inviting
them to Blenheim for "week ends" and
taking them up the river in his steam
launch. . . i
"Bertie" Croker, the ex-boss's eldest
son. Inherits his father's great physi
cal strength and is one of the most
enthusiastic members of the Gaelic
Athletic Association of London, which
recently got itself into bad odor by
refusing soldiers wearing the King's
uniform admission .a its games. Tug
of-war is one of young Croker's favor
ite pastimes and, on account of his
great strength, he generally fills the
position at the end of the rope.
I fancy <hat "Bertie" Croker is too
much occupied with looking after his
bulldogs, running his father's dairy
farm and playing the man about town
to spend much time in considering the
¦wrongs of Ireland, so it isn't likely that
his membership in the Gaelic Athletic
Association indicates any feeling "agin
the Government" on his part. The
members generally, however — all young
Irishmen — are rather rabid on the sub
ject and this in spite of the fact that
most of them are in the English civil
•ervice. They are employed mainly in
the Custom-house — outside of which
they do a great deal of practicing in
the way of athletics. Young Croker,
of course, has nothing to do with the
civil service, but comes down to take
part in the tugs-of-war. * r -
It is one of the rules of the Gaelic
Athletic Association that no British
tol&ier in uniform shall be admitted
to its exhibition, but it seems to have
been enforced the other day for the
first time, with the result that .the or
ganization has been sharply criticized
by the English press.
When she was Princess of Wales,
Queen Alexandra was comparatively
free with her autograph. As first lady
in the land, however, she has aban
doned this liberality, and it. now re
quires much influence to get her, to sign
her name. In this direction Queen Alex
andra is following In the footsteps of
Queen Victoria, who during the last
twenty-flve years of her life signed
autograph books only about half a
dozen times. .'
AfaHborough Is a Bad Hustler.
The convention was a silver convention; every South
ern leader that slobbered about Judge Parker's super
sensitive honor is a silver man. The party was not re
organized. It was jobbed n a masterly way by Hill,
Cable, Belmont and Davis. It is a radical body with a
conservative head. The convention bit its thumbs and
obeyed orders, but nine-tenths of the delegates went
away cursing the man it nominated. The ticket is a
composite. It has a -judicial head and a trust tail, for
ex-Senator Davis has increased his fortune by syndi
cating coal mines and iron mines, and the roots of his
millions run to intertwine with the interests of every
combination in the country. That is why he is nomi
nated.
According to the platform the head of the ticket is
expected to bite th,e tail, and we have introduced into
politics that amusing spectacle often furnished by a
puppy when he discovers his tail and goes chasing it.
The head of the ticket is expected to be conservative and
respectable, while the tail, ordered by Belmont and
Cable, will see that the trusts which want Roosevelt's
head put up the wherewithal to make a campaign.
But above the jingle of the coin is the conviction of
every honest man that Judge Parker's character has suf
fered an injury by his post-nomination declaration. Had
he made a sign six weeks ago he would not have been
considered in the convention. After his nomination his
declaration was equivalent to a demand that the party
take him or commit suicide, as it would have done by
dropping him, as he deserved, and trying to find a new
AFTER all the political hullabaloo of the last four
years the Democratic party is not reorganized.
It is in the hands of the same men who led it into
the wilderness in 1896. A bunch of millionaires — Ben
Cable of the Rock Island Railroad family, August Bel
mont of the trusts, and Henry G. Davis, coal magnate —
have succeeded in nominating a colorless and conserva
tive gentleman, of fine character, for the Presidency, but
the lost party has not changed nor abjured a single
heresy that it wore through the two campaigns.
Parker is the candidate, but Bryan is more powerful
than he. When he dared the committee on resolutions
to put a gold standard plank in the platform, it did not
dare. When the' New York World nagged Judge Par
ker into a sense of the situation, and he wired that he
was a supporter of the gold standard and would not run
iPthe convention did not wish him, the leaders had hot
conference. And who were they? John Daniel oi Vir
ginia, Tillman of South Carolina, Vardaman and . Wil
liams of Mississippi, Carmack of Tennessee, and Champ
Clark of Missouri. They decided what should be done
in the matter.
While the committee on resolutions was discussing the
platform, Davfd B. Hill was asked if Judge Parker
favored the gold standard and he answered: "No one
knows; no one has ever heard him express ah opinion on
that subject." Hill was the manager of Parker's fight;
he is Parker's most intimate friend, and gave him his
first appointment to office, and yet. he declared that he
did not know his friend's position on the gold standard,
and that no one knew. When the New York World had
compelled Judge Parker to send the declaratory tele
gram, and the group of leaders, all from the South, ap
peared before the convention, Mr. John Sharp. Williams
was selected as a common mouthpiece to introduce the
subject, and said: "There was not in this vast assem
blage one single man who did not already know that
Judge Parker was a gold standard man." Yet David
B. Hill was there, and the one interrogation that ran
like a fugue through the convention related to Judge
Parker's position on the standard, and no one knew.
For months before the convention the demand rose
from the party everywhere that his position be made
known, but was unanswered. Then when the commit
tee on platform and the Southern leaders had invented
the convenient fiction that the monetary standard was
not in issue and therefore need not be referred to, Judge
Parker proved that it is in issue by his declaratory and
defiant telegram. His approval of the Republican
policy of a gold standard put his party in a humiliat
ing if not contemptible position. Did he keep silence
on that question so long by advice of David B. Hill?
Was it not known that if he declared for gold before
the nomination his selection would be impossible? Was
not the platform omission a trick to quiet the silver
men, get cdntrol of the convention, nominate Parker
and then spring the trap when it was too late to go
back? It has every mark of a trick — an expert, fony
and scientific trick such as Mr. Hill is in the habit of
playing. To make it possible he told the platform com
mittee that no one knew Judge Parker's views on the
standard, and that they had never been uttered. This
permitted -the play which was intended to bring out the
supersensitive honor of the Sphinx of Esopus, and the
Southern jury that sat 'upon the situation all walked
over on that single thread stretched by the Wizard of
Wolfert's Roost.
If the war is rough on men it is
rougher still on horses, if the ghastly
stories which slowly reach St. Peters
burg from Mukden. Kharbin and the
Baikal are worthy of credence. And
as they appear in the local press, which .
is subject to Government censorship*
_ihere are no good grounds for doubting
them. In the Baikal the lot of the
wretched horse, was and is peculiarly
doleful. Owing to the vast number of
them required to draw the trains over
the ice of the Baikal Lake, and to con
vey sleighs full of soldiers and cars
laden with war material, the prices
of hay and oats rose by leaps and
bounds. It soon, became unprofitable
for the owner of one of three over
worked quadrupeds to invest any money
in fodder, and lucrative to let the ani
mals work on almost unceasingly with
nothing but cold water to keep up their
strength until at last the horse dropped
down dead from exhaustion. The rea
son is, writes the Eastern Review, that
the prices for the labor of horses are
abnormally great — so great that they
enable the owner to purchase a new
: one and to lay by a large percentage
for himself. The heartlessness of these
men is described as revolting. Ema
ciated with hunger and jaded with ex
hausting, almost uninterrupted work,
many of these miserable horses were
abandoned to their fate before they
fell dead in harness. Hardly
able to put one foot before the other,
they wandered aimlessly over the
Baikal ice, vainly seeking for grass or
other fodder, and "at the sight of hu
man beings neighing piteously." — Lon
don Telegraph.
Asian War Hard on Horses.
James, the latter of whom is one of
the Queen's particular cronies. It is
pretty certain that Mrs. Siegel will en
joy the distinction of being the only
American lady who will carry her Ma
jesty's autograph back to the United
States this season. Apropos of her
Majesty's autograph, she insists upon
writing it diagonally across the page,
so as to preclude the possibility of any
other name appearing on that particu
lar r>age. Queen Victoria adopted the
same method during her later years.
HAYDEN CHURCH.
NOT REORGANIZED.
I Townsends California Glace fruits* tn
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st»
Good specs, eyeglasses. 15c-50c^T9 4th
St.. front of Key's Cel. Oyster House. ¦
Six boy burglars, equipped with three guarts of
whisky and an alarm clock, were captured the other day
in Oakland and they now await the dire vengeance of
the law. A combination of bad boy and worse whisky, to
say nothing of an alarm clock, certainly should be
enough to awaken even Oakland to an sense
that something was doing within the peaceful) limits of
her authority..
BOER L»ANI>— S. W., City. What
was known as the South African Re
public or Boer land has ceased to exist,
for since the termination of the Boer-
English war by the terms of the treaty
of peace, the territory has become
British. Under the terms of that treaty
trie Boers were allowed to return to
their homes and farms and have pos
session of their property as before tho
war, but they now are British sub
jects.
The Socialist parfy has placed its nominees for Presi
dent and Vice President in the field, and far from New
York comes the feeble voice of the campaigners." It is
well, to note the fact as an incident of current political
history, as we probably will not hear agajn of either the
party or its nominees. The roar of living issues is too
great in American politics to distinguish the whisperings
of theorists. ¦ , 7-' .'A<1
Special Information supplied dally *o
business houses and public men by the
Press Cl»r>Ptr>e Bureau (Allen's). 239 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 10U. *
He was a new clerk In one of our
down town hotels and while not a
novice in the business there was some
things he had not yet learned. He got
along quite well, nevertheless, until he
began to put down the "calls" for the
next morning left by the guests who
desired to be awakened early in order
to catch trains.
v For this purpose blank lists were fur
nished the clerk with the various hours
printed at the head of each column
under which the number of the room
occupied by the guest leaving a call is
written. There happened to be a run
on the 6 o'clock calls that night and
the column was filled up In a short
time.
Just then a guest came along and
expressed a desire to be called at 6
o'clock. The new clerk glanced at his
list,' saw, that -there was no more room
No More Calls for 6 O'Clock.
STRAWBERRIES — Sub., Berkeley,
Cal. The ,usual way of propagating
strawberries Is by means of runners,
which have root buds at intervals, and
if cut off and put In the ground will
take root and form new plants. Propa
gation by seed is to produce new varie
ties. The seed Is planted as soon aa
ripe, and the seedlings come up in from
four to six weeks.
China has announced her purpose, after a rapid but
thorough inquiry, that she will pay the twenty-five thou
sand dollars demanded as indemnity for the murder of
Louis Etzel, the American newspaper correspondent.
This disposition on the part of oriental authorities is
healthful and encouraging. It is a sign of the times
that perhaps the raid of the allies upon Peking was not
altogether in vain in bringing to Mongol notice an em
phatic purpose to protect or avenge American lives.
PANAMA HATS— Subscriber. Eu
reka, Cal. What are known as Panama
hats are made from the Immature
leaves of a palm tree indigenous to
South America and Cuba. There are
different grades of hats of this char
acter and the value depends on the
fineness of the material used in the
manufacture.
RELATIVE RANK IN THE ARMY.
F. H. G., City. The relative rank of
superior officers In the States
army is: Lieutenant general, major
general, brigadier general, colonel, lieu
tenant colonel, major and then follow
captain, first lieutenant and second
lieutenant. \
NOT IN THE LIST— P. V.. Berkeley.
Cal. The name of "Golden Colorado
College of Mining and Civil Engineer
ing" does not appear in the list of col
leges In the United States, but is lo
cated In the town of Golden, in that
State.
'Answers to Queries.
At any rate, it need not have elicited a
reference
To Somebody's abominable "Putltout"
machines!
Already I begin to feel a trifle apprehen
sive;
To be with her Is pleasant, but I really
wonder why
Sha always talks of bargains — which are
far from inexpensive.
Which — here's the dreadful part of it!
— she wishes me to buy.
She begs me. and of course I yield; she
smiles — it's pleasant, very;
To gain her smile is worth, I know, a
lot of sacrifice;
But why should it assume the form of
writing oft for sherry —
A rather common sherry, at a most
uncommon price?
Perplexed why dear Amanda should be
bent on my undoing.
I come across this paragraph — and do
not like its sound!
Well, either I must manage to accelerate
my wooing —
Or pay a final dividend of sixpence in
the pound! — Punch.
I spoke of lyric poetry; my words were
not at all meant
To bear upon the topic which she
strove to introduce —
The plain advisability of buying (by in
stallment)
A " 'Helicon' — the typewriter for every
poet's use"!
"The fire of my emotion" — as I still sub
mit, with deference —
Is not the sort of phrase which leaves
you doubtful what it means;
I'm bound to add, however — and it near
* ly drives me frantic —
Whenever I attempt to give my aspi
ration wings.
And make my -conversation sentimental
or romantic.
She will insist on talking of the most
prosaic things!
["The odious practice of touting 1 for
orders in socity shows no decrease. Even
young girls Increase their pocket-money
by 'recommending* certain firms to their
friends." — Evening Paper.]
Though tactfully reluctant to employ the
¦word "affection"
About her present feeling* for th« wri
ter of the rhyme.
Undoubtedly Amanda shows a certain
predilection
Which rather makes him fancy that
the rest may come in time.
'A Fault of Commission.
"Everything is perfectly • aatisfacto
ry." replied the official, "but, as you
know, I am frequently approached with
offers of bribes. The otner day a man
offered me $33,000, and that's too near
my price, so I want to resign." — New
York Sun.
Several lawyers hereabouts vouch for
this story: A Government official was
appointed to a certain post on tho
ground of his undoubted integrity. His
predecessors had all succumbed to tho
graft of the place.
The official did well. But at last.
after a year's service, he handed bis
chief his resignation.
"Why," asked hla chief, "isn't your
salary sufficient?"
Away From Temptation.
And muckle gold the gude man has,
But more he gi'es awa\
To this and that, to right and left
He gi'es his gold to a*.
"The writer of this ballad of Sir
Carnegie," said*-* the antiquary, "was
no less a prophet than a poet." — Ex
change.
"The Garland," and it begins:
Sir Carnegie's gane owre the sea,
And's plowing thro' the main.
And now must make a langf voyage
The red gold for to gain.
"The ballad, which Is 20O or 300 years
old, describes pretty well Mr. Carne
gie's life. It Is the story of a well
born Scottish lad who goes abroad to
make his fortune, and who succeeds
beyond his utmost hopes. He marries
the lady whom he loves, and his
wealth and generosity make him In his
old age a hero among the people. It is
Mr. Carnegie's life, you see, all over,
and it is especially his life in the two
middle stanzas, which run:
Sir Carnegie has gained the gold
He gaed sae far to seek;
It hasna made Him hard o" heart;
He still is kind and meek.
"In an old book of Scottish ballads,"
said an antiquary of Chicago, "I found
the other day a song that would Inter
est Mr. Carnegie. The song is called
Item of Interest to Carnegie.
THE California State Board of Trade has appointed
a committee to find out how California wheat can
be so improved in its percentage of gluten as to
insure to itself exclusively the home market afforded by
flour mills, of this State. The fact is announced that it
is necessary to import to California from South Dakota
and Kansas large quantities of their wheat to mix with
California grain in the manufacture of strong flour for
the Oriental trade. By strong flour is meant that which
has sufficient gluten.
Not all wheat produced in this State is deficient in
this- constituent, but enough is lacking in it to make
wheat importation unavoidable as the matter now
stands. There are vast areas in California that are ca
pable of producing wheat in large quantities. The soil
is adequate to the growing of strong wheat. The dif
ficulty would seem to be, in large part, as represented
by Horace Davis, who was called in to advise with the
State Board of Trade, that the farmers are not using
the proper seed to raise the right sort of wheat for
milling purposes. /
The interest of the Agricultural College connected
with the University of California has been enlisted in
the inquiry that is now about to be made by the com
mittee of the State Board of Trade. The personnel of
the committee includes the president and general man
ager of the State Board of Trade, Professor Shaw of the
University of California, Horace Davis and T. C. Fried
lander, the last named being the secretary of the Mer
chants' Exchange, which is largely concerned in the fu
ture of California wheat.
In a preamble that the Board of Trade has adopted it
is set forth that wheat is brought from Dakota and Kan
sas to be mixed with the California product to raise the
grade of flour manufactured in California; that Cali
fornia flour for export to the Orient would bring a
higher price if it contained a larger percentage of
gluten than can now be obtained from California grown
wheat; and that if California farmers would maintain
their position in ( competition with wheat grown in any
other State it is important that the quality of their
product be made as high as possible.
There are few topics of more live interest at home
than this. From the inquiry good effects reasonably may
be expected. In some sections, so it is said, the quality
of the' wheat can be easily raised by fertilizers. The
wheat of former years in California had more gluten,
as a whole, beeause it was of other stock. Club wheat,
so called, does not fill all the requirements, although it
is popular among farmers for various reasons, one of
which is that it is Ies3 easily whipped out by high winds
than other varieties are. Horace Davis informs the
State Board of Trade that there is not enough new seed
brought in to keep up the gluten. The tendency of
wheat is to run down in gluten and to get a growing
Pursued to its logical end the present inquiry ought
to throw on the subject of wheat-growing in California
a flood of scientific knowledge, based on experience,
which will in the long run be of value to all wheat
growers. As soon as accurate information is reached
as to the exact requirements there will be little difficulty
in providing what is needed. The fact that gluten was
not formerly lacking and that it was sufficiently abun
dant for nearly half a century of farming in California
conclusively prove that some methods and not the con
ditions are at fault. The sooner the remedy is applied
the better for the State at' large. The State Board of
Trade is doing good service in coming to' the front in
this matter.
IMPROVEMENT OF WHEAT.
When Judge Parker learned the conditions upon
which his candidacy is to be supported by William Jen
nings Bryan how earnestly he must have . exclaimed,
"God save me from my friends." Bryan's indorsement
of the Democratic leader cannot even by a stretch of
sympathetic courtesy be included in that category which
damns with faint praise.
Since the earthquake in Palestine
last April some one circulated the story
that the mouth of the river Jordan had
been so affected by the shock that the
level of the river had been altered to
such an extent that at the place where
the historic river goes into the Dead
Sea there was now a waterfall of con
siderable depth and strength. This is
altogether false, and no change what
ever has taken place at or near the
mouth of the Jordan.
The writer has Just spent some days
there and has made it his special busi
ness to investigate this matter. Much
has also appeared in periodicals about
steamboats navigating the Dead Sea.
This, too. Is a fabrication. The only
boat on the Dead Sea is a small sail
ing boat, about twenty feet long. This
vessel makes trips as the wind allows,
from the north end of the sea to the
bay on the eastern side of the tongue
that divides the water near the mid
dle. Here at this terminus some Jew*
are located. The whole concern is, in
fact, in the hands of the Jews, who,
at a low rate, buy wheat and barley
from the Arabs, to be delivered on the
seashore. From there it is shipped to
the Jericho side and carried on don
keys to Jerusalem, where it finds a
ready sale at a good price.
When adverse winds blow the little
craft is in danger of being swamped,
for the so-called Dead Sea becomes a
living mass of waves. The writer re
cently spent four nights such aa never
will be forgotten on these waters, and
the smartness of the old man at the
helm and his boy with the three sails
saved us from being shipwrecked again
and again. A charge of one mejedie
(three shillings and f ourpence) a trip ia
made for each passenger, and for such
a unique voyage it is not exorbitant.
There Is some talk about a small steam
tug being put on the sea, but the au
thorities are loth to grant permission.
It "will be a great boom when, If ever.
it does arrive, as it will bring the east
and west sides of Jordan nearer to one
another for communication and trading
purposes. — London Graphic
The Dead Sea's One Vessel.
left In the 6 o'clock column and then
said in guileless accents to the guest:
"I am very sorry, sir, but we are all
out of 6 o'clock calls. Wouldn't one
for half past eix do as well?"
United States Commissioner Heacock
of the Northern District of California
enjoys the distinction of being the best
Judge of Chinese liars in the United
States. He has had before him thou
sands of Chinese who had been refused
admission by the Chinese Bureau and
who had taken out writs of habeas
corpus, alleging that they were born
in the United States. The witnesses
and the applicant have the same story
to telL All the witnesses remember
plainly that Ah Jim, the petitioner,
was born at 721 Dupont street. In room
27, second floor, at five minutes after
noon on the sixth day of the seventh
month of the fifteenth year of Kwang
Suey. They remember when he was
taken to China by his parents and they
remember seeing him in his uncle's
house in the village of Sam Suey on
the occasion of his uncle's wedding.
On all such hearings the Commis
sioner allows only the witness on the
stand to be in the room. Everything
goes on smoothly until Judge Heacock
takes up the cross-examination. He
requires the witness to draw a diagram
of the uncle's house, showing the loca
tion of the several rooms. Then he
asks whether the house stands on a
hill or on the level, the number of
guests present at the wedding and oth
er details about which the witnesses
are not likely to be coached. Then the
adaptability of the coolie temperament
for perjury becomes apparent. In one
case some of the witnesses swore that
the house stood on a hill, some on the
level ground, some in a swamp, others
around the corner and any old place;
that the house contained four rooms,
six rooms, seven rooms; that there
were ten, twenty, forty and fifty
guests, etc. In the face of so many
contradictions the Judge decides that
the witnesses are liars and that the ap
plicant Is not a native son of the Unit
ed States and must be sent back to
China.
Can't Fool Heacock.
weather will probably delay the attack on the city for
a few days, but the horde is surely coming, and the
health department and owners of coal oil cans must pre
pare for the worst. There is no stagnant water at Light
street bridge, so that the army has sprung from the
swamps farther back in the country. In the burnt dis
trict there is stagnant water in many of the lots, and
when the swarm reaches that section the July sun will
contribute sd strongly toward multiplication that it is
suggested the new cork hats the policem%i are to wear
be made extra thick to protect all of the bald-headed
That the suggestion proposed for the comfort of the
police will be welcomed here as well as in Baltimore is
evidenced by the popular indignation at the attempt
made the other day to awaken the Oakland force by
shooting a Spanish cannon at them. Among the many
difficult duties the police have to perform, the feat of
sleeping on foot is one of the most uncomfortable, and
at such a time they should not be disturbed by mos
quitoes, burglars -or anything else.
The Herald finishes its article by suggesting that the
school children be engaged at twenty-five cents a head
a week to top-dres3 with coal oil all the Baltimore pools
of stagnant water to lessen the suffering anticipated
from the bites of the unwelcome visitors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 16,-1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor v . ....... . . Address All Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ..Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY ., .'. '. . . . . v . . . . .JULY 15, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESLeavcs Saturday, July 16; $28 50 round
trip. In one way and out another,
around the famous "double loon"
Passes directly through two groves of
pis y it »f«?3 uolas - v 8pecla , 1 . for women
and children. You will get the best of
everything on the Santa Fe. A rare
chance to visit the famous valley in
quire at 641 Market street, Santa Fe
9S»ce. •
Grand Personally Conducted Excur-
TO YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Judge Troutt yesterday issued an in
junction preventing Thomas R. Hayes
from disposing of $63,000 worth of
securities sued for by Elizabeth G.
Messer and also restraining the vari
ous companies interested from trans
ferring any of the stocks pending the
hearing of her suit for their posses
sion. She claims that the securities be
longed to her 'at the time that Charles
Hayes, the defendant's son, met his
death by accident in Golden Gate Park
last year and had' been intrusted to
the latter by her in trust.
Judge Troutt Enjoins Hayes.
J-OCKE ESTATE DISTIHBUTED.— The de
«r.-*r of final *etilement cf the estate of Sila«
M. Locke »as filed yesterday. It provides for
tlie distribution of the residue, amounting to
$1^1.201 U. the largest tumi going to Flonnda
Walker. Alice Rlx and Abbie Butler who re
ceive |2S,120 each.
." Cheap Rates East.
If you are going to World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask about It. T. K. ;
PTATELER. General Agent. 647 Market at,
San Francisco. • •
Charles H. Carleton, the alleged
half-interest swindler, was held yes
terday in $10,000 bonds by United
States Commissioner Heacock to an
swer before the Federal Court at
Cleveland, Ohio, on the charge of using
the United States mails for the pur
pose of defrauding his correspondents.
In default of bonds Carleton was com
mitted to jail. The prisoner said yes
terday that he would give up the fight
against his removal and that he was
willing to be taken to Cleveland for
trial.
Carleton Held for Trial.
Justice of the Peace Danner of
Kernville has fined F. A. Kelly $25
for killing deer out of season. Justice
of the Peace Provines of Healdsburg
has fined Clyde Earp $25 for having
deer meat in his possession. Judge
Pierce of Los Angeles has fined George
f Wilcox and Cyrus Weeks $25 each for
having a dove and a quail in their
possession. Deputy Fish Commis
sioner Reed of Santa Cruz County has
captured some hounds that -were run
ning deer. The owners of the dogs
have not yet appeared.
Game Law Violators Punished.
It was also brought out that Schroe
der did not threaten Ballinger with
rrosecution until he learned that Bal
linger was about to go Into the same
line of business on his own account
In the argument of Ballinger's at
torney it was set forth that the art
glass concern had a very flimsy sys
tem of bookkeeping and was careless
in the handling of its money. It had
been shown that Ballinger had pre
viously been permitted to indorse
checks, pay bills and deposit money.
It had not been proven that he had
not disused of the Fuller check in
any of the avenues within his author
ity excepting that he had not given
the money to Schroeder. president of
the firm.
George T. Ballinger, who was a
captain in the First California Regi
ment in the Philippines, was ordered
released from jail yesterday by Su
perior Judge Graham, who heard his
application for a writ of habeas cor
pus a week ago. Ballinger was ar
rested on March 6 on a charge of hav
ing embezzled $320 from the Califor
nia Art Glass Bending and Cutting
Works on a check issued by W. P.
Fuller & Co. Ballingcr had been in
the concern's employ for nearlv sev
enteen years and was bookkeeper.
cashier end outside solicitor. After
his arrest he was held for trial before
a Jury by Judge Cabaniss, but his law
yers contended that the evidence was
not sufficient to warrant such holding.
After reading the transcript of the
evidence Judge Graham took the same
view of the case and ordered the
man's release.
When Simon H. Seymour, the 80
year-old capitalist and pioneer hotel
man, met his death in Cache Creek,
near Bartlett Springs, last month, it
was not knftwn that he had left a will
bequeathing his wife " nothing of his
large estate except a community inter
est In the Seymour House, on Second
street in Los Angeles, and a half in
terest in property on Mission street,
between Third and Fourth, in .this city.
Susan Seymour, the widow, has de
cided to contest the will, and yester
day filed a hastily prepared document
ln the Superior Court through her at
torneys, Henry C. McPike and Sulli
van & Sullivan, In which she alleges
that at the time of making the alleged
will Seymour was of unsound mind,
and that he did not sign the paper.
The will named P. E. Towne and C. S.
White as executors and the residue of
the estate, worth about $750,000, was
left to his sister, Henrietta F. Edwards,
the children of a deceased sister, Louise
Hebrock, and the children of a deceased
brother, Henry Kordmeyer. Un Ger
many.
Shortly after Seymour's death, the
widow, representing that he had died
intestate, secured letters of special ad
ministration upon the estate and was
awarded a family allowance of $300 a
month. She also secured the court's
permission to distribute $360 among
twenty-one men who assisted in the
search and recovery of the old man's
body. ;. &'ftXi*vy
Susan Seymour, Wife of Pio
neer Hotelman, Decides to
Contest His last Will
Former Captain. Charged
With Embezzlement, Is
Out of County Prison
WIDOW IS LEFT
SMALL ESTATE
GRAHAM SETS
BALLINGER FREE
DENIES SMI'l .. a PETITION.— Judge Gra
ham yesterday denied the lietltion of Clayton
C. Smith for revocation of the letters of adop
tion granted ln the case of his two-yeir-old
daughter. Arline. The child was adoptio by
Mrs. Jackson, stepmother of Smith's wife, and
th» father has tried in various ways to get
lt^ 1 possession of the babe.
Suit was filed yesterday ln the Jus
tices' Court by William Koopman
against the United Railroads to re
cover $100 for being ejected from a
Fifth-street car, notwithstanding that
he produced a transfer issued from
the Haight-street line. Suit was filed
by Edward Deering to recover $25
from the Master Painters' Association
for money advanced.
Justices' Court Suits.
Green added that Bert Hampstead
and Morris Lane were his employers.
They, in turn, had been employed by
Captain Siebe, the lessee of the park.
Owing to the absence of witnesses
from Oakland the taking of testimony
was postponed indefinitely.
"We did our duty as well as we
could. We stopped lots of fight. They
had been fighting all over the place
since 9 o'clock In the morning." , ..
Coroner Leland asked whether there
was no way of getting the Injured man
to Emeryville for treatment and Green
replied that it would take a long time
to do that. Besides, Wolfe was in the
hands of his friends.
"Did you report this affair to the
Sheriff?" was the next inquiry.
"I didn't know he was dead until
the next day, when I saw It in the pa
pers," was the answer.
Witnesses yesterday told the Cor
oner's jury the story of a series of
drunken fights in the barroom at the
dancing pavilion in Shell Mound Park,
Emeryville, on July 4, which resulted
in the death of Julius Wolfe, a veteran
of the war with Spain.
Wolfe attended a picnic at that
place with four friends and in a free
for all fight was felled to the floor at
9:30 o'clock in the evening by some
person unknown. His friends carried
his unconscious body to the ferry-boat
and when they arrived at the foot of
Market street In this city they took
him to the Harbor Hospital, where
he was .treated for alcoholism. Dr
Boacowitz not discovering that Wolfe's
skull was badly fractured. Wolfe died
on the following morning, never hav
ing recovered consciousness. Wit
nesses swore yesterday that there was
a succession of fights at the dancing
pavilion from 9 o'clock in the morn
ing until late at night and that nearly
all the picnickers were drunk. There
were three Oakland constables on the
ground, but they did not interfere with
the Bacchanalian orgies.
This fact was brought out by the
testimony of Charles Green of Oak
land, a deputy constable, appointed
by Constables Hampstead and Lane.
Green said that he saw Wolfe lying
unconscious on the ground, but as his
friends were taking care of him he did
not interfere. The picnickers were
fighting all day, he said.
"It seems to me very strange," re
marked the Coroner, "that seeing a
man lying unconscious after a fight
the constable did not make any inquiry
aa to the person who had inflicted the
injuries."
"Hadn't time," said Mr. Green
cheerfully. "We had to herd them
like cattle all day and we had our
hands full."
"Do the Oakland people stand for
that sort of thing?" asked the Coroner.
"Oh, it's the same all the time
there," replied Green.
"Did none of the officers attempt to
see what had happened?"
"Well," was the response, "we tried
to keep them from fighting as much
as we could."
"Does the Sheriff allow that kind of
business in Alameda County?" the
Coroner continued.
Flattering reports of the improve
ment in the sweeping of streets since
the city undertook the work were re
ceived from various sources and or
dered filed.
Grades were ordered established on
Mission street at various points pre
paratory to the bitumir.izing of the
street, for which $SO,000 has been ap
propriated.
Plans were ordered prepared for an
engine-house on Twentieth street, near
Missouri, the intention being to erect
the building before the rain sets in.
Some three years ago the badges to
the number of forty were Issued by
resolution of the board and among
them were eight allowed to as many
inspectors for the purpose of deter
mining the rates of insurance based
on the safety of the buildings. One
employe of the Fire Underwriters,
whose name President Schmitz has
been unable to ascertain, used his
badge, it is alleged, for his own pur
poses and several contractors of build
lnars !n course of construction com
plained of his tactics to the board. No
charges of extortion, however, are
irade against the man who imperson
ated a building inspector.
After calling in the old badges the
board will issue new badges to its own
employes only. These will have a par
ticular number so that the public may
identify the man in case of any wrong
duing-. Schmitz says that the extent
cf the lrres~ularif.ps cannot be ascer
tained owing to the incomplete condi
tion cf the records kept when the
badges were Issued, but that in future
ripid regulations will be adopted for
those holding the badges.
The board was compelled to deny a
petition for the Improvement of Third
avenue, between I street and Parnas
sus avenue, because the Supervisors
refused to appropriate funds for the
Improvement cf streets in front of city
property, although the board had re
quested tlS7,S62 for the purpose. The
lack of funds will retard improvements
to such an extent on that account that
the board will again ask the Supervis
ors to appropriate some money from the
urgent necessity fund to tide over the
difficulty as far as possible. All such
applications will have to be denied un
less the city agrees to do its share of
the work. "
The board ordered the construction
of stone sidewalks on both sides of
Spear street, between Market and Mis-
Eion.
It having been brought to the atten
tion of the Board of Public Works that
some employe of the Board of Fire Un
derwriters had represented himself as
n building inspector employed by the
city for the purpose of Intimidating
contractor?, the board yesterday took
summary action by recalling all badges
heretofore issued to employes of the
department and to insurance inspec
tors.
The two youths under arrest were
taken to the City Prison and booked
on a charge of burglary. One gave
the name of John Benson and his oc
cupation as a bellboy and the other
Thomas P. Gere, alias Thomas Mc-
Lain, and said he lived on remittances
sent by his parents from Sioux City,
Iowa. .Each is 17 years of age. They
claimed to have known Love for the
last three months and visited his room
for a joke. They had packed up sev
eral pairs of socks, several . handker
chiefs, other articles of wearing ap
parel and a lady's gold watch, all of
which were booked as evidence
against them.
When searched at the City Prison a
skeleton key was found in Benson's
pockets and it is supposed they ef
fected an entrance by means of the
key. They positively refused to di
vulge the "name of the youth who made
his escape.
A woman's cries of "Stop thief! stop
thief!" awakened people from their
slumbers in the neighborhood of Tay
lor and Geary streets early yesterday
morning. The woman was Mrs. Wil
liam Blythe, 511 Taylor street. Po
licemen O'Brien and Orr had seen a
light in the front room of the Blythe
residence and were wondering at the
unusual sight when they saw three
youths running out of the front door
and heard Mrs. Blythe's voice. The
policemen grabbed hold of two of the
youths and the third made his escape.
The ' policemen returned to the
Blythe residence with the two prison
ers. Mrs. Blythe said she had been
awakened by a noise coming from
a room occupied by a friend, Howard
Love. She threw on a wrapper and
went to the room, where she was sur
prised to see three youths busily en
gaged in ransacking the room. She
caught hold of two of them, but after
a brief struggle they broke away from
her. and ran from the house, the other
having preceded them. Then she ran
to • the front door and shouted "Stop
thief!"
Deputy Constable Green
Tells a Eemarkable Tale
at the Coroner's Inquest
Street Work Is Stopped Be
cause Funds Are Lacking
io Improve City's Part
Thieves Break From Her, but
Her Calls Attract the At
tention of Two Policemen
EEVELEES AEE HEEDED
WILL CALL IN BADGES
WIPE-SUBPEISES PARTY
W. J. Rumbehl had four horses at
tached to his wagon when he was ar
rested fqr^cruelty to animals and three
of the animals were sore-backed and
generally debilitated. Fined $10 by
Judge Mogan.
Vincent Sorentons, who keeps a fur
niture store on Filbert street, between
Powell and Stockton, will be sentenced
to-day by Judge Mogan for having
made a workshop of the sidewalk
fronting his premises, despite repeated
police protest.
• • •
Matthew Macdonough' pleaded in
somnia when he was accused of mak
ing a nocturnal bore of himself on the
water front and said that a pending
lawsuit in which he is the plaintiff is
the cause of his sleeplessness. Judge
Mogan gave him a don't-worry lecture
and let him go.
Henry Brandt, who stole $S0 from
one Martin, was held to the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan, with bail at
$3000. Brandt robbed Martin while the
latter was asleep in a saloon.
• • •
Annie Gaynor, who makes life un
pleasant for Joseph Donahue of 136
Seventh street every time she drinks to
excess, asked for a change of venue
from Judge Fritz's court to some other
police tribunal, as she thought that,
in view of her frequent appearances in
department 3, she would fare better at
the hands of some other magistrate.
So her case was transferred to Judge
Mogan, who ordered that she be held
on probation until September 14. Miss
Gaynor's specialty is window-smash
ing and in the district south of Market
street she has provided much work for
glaziers.
Inability of Attorney Frank Murphy
to attend the preliminary examination
of his client, Adolph Goldman, charged
with attempting to murder ex-Mayor
Snow of Oakland, caused a continu
ance until next Monday.
Kate Blackwell, whose drunkenness
and neglect of her three children made
her a defendant in Judge Fritz's court,
was sent to the insanity commission
for examination, as overindulgence in
alcohol has apparently Impaired her
mental faculties. Her husband has
placed the little ones in care of an in
stitution where they will be well
treated.
George Curry, who shot and killed
his wife, Daisy, ln a Tune street lodg
ing-house on July 6, was sent to the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan. The
preliminary examination brought out
no facts other than were disclosed at
the Coroner's inquest.
• • •
Judge Fritz dismissed the charge of
embezzlement against E. L. Water
man, treasurer of the local aerie of
Eagles, on the ground that the testi
mony was Insufficient to justify con
viction.
Miss Belle Dougherty of Oakland told
Judge Slogan of how she had been in
veigled into investing $150 cash and a
note for $350 in stock of the Raven
Publishing Company by Theodore
Lowe, manager of the corporation, and
of how she discovered that it was a
losing venture. She declared that Lowe
said he wanted a lady of literary at
tainments to take charge of a monthly
periodical known as "The Raven," and
that the person who obtained the posi
tion must purchase some of the com
pany stock, as he believed that a pro
prietary interest would conduce to more
faithful service. Subsequently she ac
cepted the position of proofreader on
the prescribed condition and when she
discovered that "The Raven" was a
feeble bird she demanded but failed to
get the money she had put up for its
maintenance. Further testimony will
be heard next Monday.
will spend two days in jail aa
the result of his willful neglect of
those dependent upon his earnings for
maintenance. August Sdtti—re paid
his wife $18 and filed a protest. Joe
Podesta denied paternity of the babe
his wife asked him to provide for, and
he was given until to-day to make pro
vision for its care. Matthew Sheridan,
who was ordered to pay his divorced
wife $15 a month by Superior Judge
Hebbard, thought he could elude the
obligation when that jurist went away
on vacation, but the woman had him
arrested and compelled to pay up.
Among the defendants before Judge
Fritz were several male parents who
had failed to contribute to the support
of their minor offspring. Philip J.
Kelley got thjrty days' imprisonment
for letting his wife provide for his
three children. Alc-ander O'Brien
As she stood before Judge Mogan and
heard herself accused of ' vagrancy
Anita Lansing was engaged in a strug
gle with her blonde coiffure, from
which an ash-colored "rat" seemed
bent on escaping. With teeth tightly
clenched upon a number of hairpins,
thereby impeding her articulation, she
declared that the policeman simply
lied whe-i he accused her of roaming
the red light district at all times o*
night, and he must have mistaken her
for some other "lady." She would
have him distinctly understand that
she came of good family— folk who
could buy and sell him a dozen times
over and then have more money than
he had ever seen. If she was not mis
taken he would live to bitterly regret
the hour he had deprived her of free
dom. She was still talking and
wrestling w|th a "rat" when the Judge
continued the case till next Monday.
' One night in prison made Edward
Green, barber, such a miserable looking
object that Judge Fritz fined him only
$10 for having sent an obscene picture
to a candy girl by messenger boy. Th<;
indiscreet tonsorial artist looked as if
his brief incarceration had deprived
him of at least one-third of his wonted
avoirdupois, and his clothes hung
loosely upon his bowed form.
Nolan then testified that he placed
the bottle to his nostrils and smelled
its contents, and the odor was of lager
beer. No, he could not possibly affirm
that it was not root beer. One of the
ladies left her glass untasted, but the
other lady considerately drank It after
consuming Jier own allotment.
Case continued till next Monday to
give defense time in which to*prove
non-intoxicating quality of stuff or
dered and paid for by Nolan.
If the wise chieftain had been more
particular In his instructions to the
novices they might have crowned his
experiment with success and them
selves with glory. With victory fairly
v. ithin their grasp, their lack of experi
ence brought what looks like ultimate
defeat.
It was Officer Nolan who narrated the
Incident yesterday to Police Judge Mo
gan, before whom Edward Herbert, a
colored waiter at the Midway, was
charged with selling liquor without a
licenss. Nolan testified that he and
Sullivan, both attired a la Reuben-In
town, visited the Midway last Wednes
day evening, and their disguise and de
meanor so completely deceived the
ever-suspicious attaches of the place
that they were asked if they would not
like to be introduced to some of the
actresses. A few mom«nts later they
were comfortably seated in a curtained
recess with two blonde ladies who car
ried weight for age and were of free
and easy manners.
"I'll push the button, kid, and you'll
pay for the drinks," one of the flaxen
haired artistes Ingenuously remarked
to Nolan, and of course there was no
demurrer to the suggestion. The but
ton was tmshed and Edward Herbert
responded in person. The ladies hinted
at champagne, but the gentlemen deft
ly sidestepped the hint and ordered a
bottle of beer. Herbert brought the
beverage and four glasses~and received
from Xolan the sum of one dollar, law
ful money of the United States, in pay
ment of the tipple. So far the running
had been ridiculously easy, and it is
safe to say that a veteran ln Nolan's
r'ace would have won the remainder
of the race in a canter. But that young
man committed the fatal blunder of
neglecting: to obtain positive proof that
the liquid in the bottle was lager beer.
He did not even taste it, ungallantly
refusing to sip from the glass held to
his lips by the fair hand of the fat
test cf the blondes.
"Why didn't you taste it?" inquired
the attorney for the defense.
"Because." was the answer, "I never
tasted intoxicating liquor In my lifp."
Instant commotion ln court. All eyes
focused upon witness, who receives
quiet reminder from bench that he is
on oath. Bailiff Hickey rubs his ears
vigorously. Bailiff Mahoney's gavel
quells general murmur of incredulity.
Clerk Grey swings around his chair and
stares open-mouthed at man on stand.
"Do — you— mean— to— tell— me," said
the astounded lawyer, "that — you —
never — tasted — liquor — and — you — a—po
liceman?"
"That's what I said," replied Nolan.
"Remember he's a young policeman,",
remarked the Judge.
"I accept his statement as a confes
picn of extreme youth," said the at
torney.
It was their newness as policemen
that obtained for G. Sullivan and H.
Nolan the delicate task of ascertain
ing whether there was truth ln the re
port that liquor was being retailed in
the unlicensed Midway Plaisance. They
were young and unsophisticated In ap
pearance and the shrewd Chief con
cluded that if they failed to find evi
dence sufficient to procure conviction
he might as well give up the quest
as hopeless^ For some of his sharpest
men had been outwitted by the vigilant
Midway management. Their best dis
guises had been penetrated at a glance
and untold gold could not have bought
for them an alcoholic stimulant in that
temple of Orpheus and tome other
muses.
Alameda, County Officials
Fail to Investigate the
Murder of Julius Wolfe
William Blythe's Eesidence
on Taylor Street Entered
With a Skeleton Key
Board of Works Finds Insur
ance Inspector Imposed
on Building Contractors
Swears That He Never Tasted Intoxicating Liquor — Youth
and Newness on the Force Are All That Save Him From
Being Scoffed — Case Against the Midway Plaisance
ALL DAT FIGHT
AT A PICNIC
IMPERSONATES
CITY OFFICIAL
WOMAN'S CRIES
CAUSE ARREST
POLICEMAN'S STATEMENT
MAKES COURT SENSATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
9
_. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the >2» .jS/Ija « ***
Signature of (-/L&r-ftf /-C&C/U&i
THE CALL'S
WANT AD PREMIUMS, •
Uke Its Circulation,
ARE HIGH CLASS.
A WALKER'S SELF-PULLING
CORKSCREW /.
FREE TO-DAY
To Every Person Bringing a
Want Ad for
SUNDAY EDITION.
Sec announcement, classified
page.
a •nfrp'B.TTg-p.-M-pTtrTg
H The tremendous outlet for Furniture which this store offers allows us !
Eg to buy at the lowest possible cost. We are accordingly able to quote our B
g patrons the lowest prices and this we do. YOUS CREDIT ,13 GOOD. H
II Nuf-ced. ir. * • fj
H TU-aa _!~~~ n~~1~~ C~.il Mahogany finished frame. Colonial |!
i Three=piece Parlor Suit safi^rsa?ilft4 1 £ $10 85 §
y different color. Well made. Artistic. Price ip I7.UU fj
I A VAST DISPLAY AT SIGHT PEICSS. \
J r n 'l nn .~ r~~~.~i. Reversible: each side a different pattern. An /•- A
1 vOllilfifC L3rpwt artistic and sanitary floor covering. Per :
1 Tapestry Brussels * 65c ;
H 117 A j*1 \1~\ ,~.l~ A choice selection of effective colorings. <*« «a !> -
I WOO! Velvets *™™^ na :.. p z y *?' 1 :.::::::::::::::' $1.18 i
11 BlirelOW AXfflinSterS i
H VJ&W11MT AAU111J3CW13 caught and embodied in this XI 7^ <
"j beautiful weave. Per yard V-»»*«v :
1 C_ .— « f> --. All-wool reversible. 9x12 feet. Large enough <m j hp :
1 nils' * or tne average room. Very choice patterns. S\A /^ •
I tJlUJlUU nU£ bolh flora i an d "Persian. Price, each ... . tPfi.ltJ '
if A ratine without a peer. Every part <f* V.'"'^"'.. - — J ffi „ 2^U II
I Te?m S hteed ' wm save lts cost ln W flown and 51 a weeK ||
Bi w ss 1 . -¦tfr^*s^yy^^^rBr^^*'"s^?sT^^r r *^^^rTHF^^^^sp*5*"issa^sff^Bfi 1 1
AMTJ3TTM KWT3L
VUla$J8fa!$BJ% IEA2IS3 Tri&TEt
NIGHTLY, EXCEPTING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONXiY.
Charles Frohman presents
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
in her greatest comedy success,
COUSIN KATE
SPECIAL!
Beslnnlns NEXT MONDAY,
ETHEL BARRYMORE
J will appear ln
COUSIN KATE
and
CARROTS
Curtain will rise at 8:15 sharp.
SEATS SELLING.
TIV0LISS5&
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
B wk WBN W H VI C*—* <A"\. m.
pS Eli 111 be^u^v
IIUUU C2HORUS
Fromentd* Circle, 3d Floor. Saoier*" Paraiiit
ELEVATOR ALWATS RUNNING.
Usual Tlvoli Prices — 25c, 50c, 75c .
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat
A T £*\ h nr A *O B* 1 * 960 * Mayer,
ALCAZAR £r&&
- General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
WHITE | And the Alcazar Stock Co. |
1A/HITTLESEY
«« ISA SUMPTUOUS HEVIVAL 0T <ns^
Heartsease
"Will do a big week." — Chronicle.
"No one will ever regret seeing 'Heartsease*
at the Alcazar." — Pest.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50c.
Next Monday— WHITE WHITTLESEY ln the
Fasclnatins Romance,
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
I R n BVM I OOl MAYER
aaSfeioHriJ 5 6 E^dfca props
Market ft., near Eighth. Phone South 833.
Tfl WIP.HT XA>t Three Xiffhts.
I U-HllVIII ¦ Ma *a. To-Morrow and Sun.
The Tremendously Successful Comedy-Drama
of Home Lite.
ALONG THE MOHAWF
A Sensational Political Battle t
A Thrilling Editorial Campaign!
A Pyrotechnical -Election Day!
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50o
rnllCd Matinees.... 10c. 15c. 25c
Next — Mammoth Production of the Greatest of
All IrUfh Plays.
.^BOBEST EMMET.-.
A I* m H|| Outfits, Guns, Ammnni-
¦ fa Bd"3Bl t ' on> shln ? * nJ Outing
fl 11 |C£3 U Goods. Tents and guns to
HM in II El 8 I Rent. CATALOG FREE.
UfllBvll SHREVE & BARBER CO..
739 Market St.,
121 Kearny at.. S. F,
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
X.6 Soy and Clayton xEiteUa and Babett*
©•ArvUle; Cunnlnsfliam and Smlta;
Harry Seatoack and Orphetua Motica
Pictures. , .
Last Times of Green and Werner; Leijn
Brothers; GHllhan and Murray and
VALERIE BERGERE AND COMPANY,
Presenting "HI3 JAPANESE! WITE." .
Rerular naatlnees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices^ — 10c. 2.'»o
and 50c.
Commencing NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
ROSE COGHLAN
AND COMPANY
In Her One- Act Playlet.
"BJiTWiiEg MATPTEB AND NIOHT.**.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
MR. LAST 2 NIQHTS OF
JAMES MR. BARNES
N I'i L NEVfYORK
ne£L igi 3&W N£XT SUNDAY MATI.NEE
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY '
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES— I5c. 25c and BOc.
Best Reserved Seat la Orchestra. 50c.
CALIFORNIA
f3 To-Morrow Hlarht the Last. Ciy
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW.^H
23c and BOc. M
The hilariously fanny comedy. 1 1
THE HON. 3
JOHN NORTH I]
Presented by ¦ i\
L. R. STOCK WELL, *]
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Opening B
of Special Melodrama Season— "A H
THOROUGHBRED TRAMP." Special ¦*
«| Popular Prices. ft
I 15c, 25c, 50c. I)
5 COMTNQ— rLOBEHCE BOBESTS ¦
THE TOBIITS, BBAITSOW AND WXLXT
And a Splendid* Show Every Afternoon
and Evening: In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE ; .
MUTIATUSE EI.ECTRIC BAXLXOAJ).
TWO TOUZTQ LEOPARDS IN THE ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOR.T. |
Hear the Pneumatic 8ymphony Orchestrion.
Iioio YoxuselX In the Mirror Maze!
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
When Phoning A»k for "The Chutes." i
MISCELLANEOUS AMTJSEME2JT3.
BASEBALL
'w, ¦'¦¦•. At RECREATION PARK.
ElEhth aad Harrison Street*.
SANFRANCIiCO vs. OAKLAND.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY, 3 d. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 p. m. ! j
Ladies Free Thursday and Friday. , J
.Advance sals of seJts at S Stockton A -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i| Cut the Can §1
6|| and compare the quality of f§3
BBS Ivt Egg
H Brand m
¦ Evaporated Jf
H. Cream m
||lwith any of its imitations. pM
K&3 Note the difference. See how fmS
fgl smooth and appetizing ourfHjl
H§| product Is, owing to its f&g
' ftPi neav 7 consistence, which ||19
Km keeps the butter fat equally ESSf
BbH distributed, in contrast with BWB
HB| the cheap and thin imita- mm
ffjgi tions which allow the but- KM
ij§||S ter fat to rise and form
PiiiarA D °N' T FA| L TO
raiatc sce tht bcautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111(1 room, the EMPIRE
auu PhRLOR, the
P~~~A PALM ROOM, the
linfflU LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul UWU LOR^ and the LA
U_A-1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room. I
AMUSEMENTS.
"A IiTJCXY STOKE." \
WAS THERE EVER SUCH A
UNANIMOUS VERDICT?
READ AND REFLECT.
Ashton Stevens: "Out of the first act alone
I had more than 50 cents' worth."
Peter Robertson: "New star* made a hit."
Blanche Partington: "New players score a
bit."
Elinor Croudace: "One of the most attract-
ive ehows ln town."
Charles. H. Warren: . "New people fully up
1 to expectations." ¦ ,
Max Berghelm: "Von anfan* «u end* mit
•tnem urkomischen . humor gesplckt."
"THAT'S ALI.."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
K«xt Attraction— "Tne Whirl of the Town."New Power Company Incorporates.
SALINAS, July 14. — Articles of in
corporation of the Vantana Power
Company, with a capital stock of
$500,000, were filed in .the County
Clerk's office to-day, with.C. P. Brad
ford of San Francisco, W. E. Bradford
of Sah Jose, F. L. Ordway and C. V.
Hove of Monterey, F. C. Richardson
and C. M. Howard of Pacific Grove
and H. S. Bradford of Evergreen as
directors.
It is estimated that nearly all the
pine timber now growing In Minnesota
(about 30,000,000 feeO will be cut and
marketed within the next fifteen years.
CHICAGO BATl^RS KEEP
THEIR EYES ON SPHERE
Taylor Is Knocked Out of the Box
When Cincinnati Reds Begin
to Land.
6TANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W.L.Pct. W.L.Pct.
New Tork S3 1K> .72C;Boston 47 24 .6t2
Cbicago 45 26 .834 New York 42 28 .BOO
Cincinnati . . .41 29 ..'»?>« Chicago 44 31 .587
Plttiburg ....40 30 .571. Cleveland ...IT? 30.552
St. Louie 37 :>? .S21 1 Philadelphia. .38 32 .543
Boston 27 47 .:;»>5fSt. Louis 2a US .4-KJ
Brooklyn 2S 40 .:<«! t>etroit 29 40.421
Phl'.adelFhla..l7 52 .24C| Washington .14 55.205
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. July 14.— The New York
Arr.«-rlcar.B defeated the Clevelands to-day. The
locals baited Rhodes out of the box in the
fcecond lnnlncr. Score.
R. H. E.
New York 21 21 4
Cleveland 3 6 9
Batteries — Chesbro and Kleinow; Rhodes,
K- >s and Abbott.
PHILADELPHIA. July 14.— Chicago nar
rowly escaped another ehut-out to-day. Three
hits, one a double In the ninth, gave the
visitors their only tally. Attendance 5200.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 « 1
Philadelphia 2 11 1
Baiterleb — Patterson and Sullivan; Waddell
and bebreck.
UOSTON. July 14.— Selbach's muff started
for the Detroits a ninth inning rally by which
they wen their first game here this ceason.
Attendance 6100. Score:
R. H. E.
rxtroit 4 0 1
) '.of i "ii 1 -7 2
Batteries— Kllliaa and Woods; Winter and
rerrell.
WASHINGTON. July 14.— Orth easily out
pitched Sufiholl to-day. The feature of the
Katne was the fielding of Caesldy and Stahl.
Ht. Louis .......•••••••••••«•••«» 2 6 3
Batteries— Orth and Clarke; Sudhoff and
Kahoe.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 14. — Chicago had a great
day at the bat. maklnz nineteen hits for a
total «r twenty-four base, and scoring 14
runs. Brown wac In great form, shutting out
Thp visitor* with three hits. Attendance, 1800.
Chicago 14 19 3
fioFton 0 3 2
Batteries — Brown and Kline; Fisher and
ICeedham. TJmplre — O'Day.
CINCINNATI, July 14. — Cincinnati knocked
Taylor out of the box early in the second
Inning. WHtse. who succeeded him. was not
hit hard ur.tli the latter part of the game
Attendance. 3400. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 11 is i
New York 2 9 1
Batteries — Harper and Schlel; Taylor, WHtze
and 'Warner. Umplres^ — Bmelie and Johnston.
PITTSBURO. July 14. — Lynch was saved by
O» team maXee* battle* and their taking *4-
Third race, six furlonga — Bell Reed won.
Dusty Miller eecond. Skip Me third Time.
1:15.
Fourth race, one mile — Myrtle H won Kylo
II second. Galantbus third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Redan won St.
Philippina second. Ulctma third. Time, l':00",i.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — Frank
Woods won. Dr. Rowell second, Isatx-llita.
third. Time. 1:45%.
vantage of Philadelphia's poor plays and
errors. Attendance. 200. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 8 10 l
Philadelphia 3 9 2
Batteries — Lynch and Smith; Fraser and
Dooln. Umpire — Moran.
8T. LOUIS. July 14.— The St. Louis Na
tionals took the third straight came from
Brooklyn to-day. The score was tied until
the ninth, when St. Louis caught Jones for
three hits and won. Attendance, 2300. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 6 3
Brooklyn 1 4 1
Batteries — Nichols and Zearfoss; Jones and
Bersen. Umpires — Zlmmer and Carpenter.
Second race, six furlongs — Lady Kent won,
Mordente second, Alice Carey third. Time,
1:13
First ra«e. four furlongs, selling — Juan Bel
lardo won. Judge Thomas second Rattler
third. Time. :48%. " -
SEATTLE, July 14. — Following are
the results:
Results at Seattle.
HEALDSBURG, July 14. — Mrs.
Frank Smith of San Francisco was
thrown from a buggy Wednesday and
sustained a fracture of one of her
ribs. Mrs. Smith was driving to
Healdsburg after having visited
friends at Litton Springs when she
met an automobile on the road. Her
horse became frightened and over
turned the buggy, throwing Mrs.
Smith out on the ground.
Thrown From Her Buggy.
Swimming Match at Olympic Club.
The much talked of fifty-yard swim
ming race between' Tim FItzpatrick,
the bond and warrant clerk of the
Hall ) of Justice, and George S. Mc-
Comb, clerk of the Justices' Court,
has finally been arranged and will
take place on Tuesday evening at 7:30
o'clock in the tank of the Olympic
Club. The match is to de'eide which
Is the better stroke, the 'double over
hand, which Is affected by Fitzpatrick,
or the single overhand stroke, which
is used by McComb. It is also for the
championship of Stanford Parlor, N.
S. G. W., and it is understood that a
banquet will be tendered to the winner
by the parlor. McComb has trained
down from 224 to 210 pounds and ex
pects to win on that showing alone.
Prince Salm Salm.
Second race— Missing Link, Little
Em, Shipshape.
i Third race — Martha Gorman,
Tommy Waddell, Virgo.
Fourth race — Dalesman, Audience,
Duke of Kendal.
Fifth race — Hyland, Cliamplain,
Atwood.
Sixtli race — Thomas* entry, Humo,
Vinjo.
First race^ — Cataline, . Bound Brook,
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
First Race — Mum, The Belle, Ten
nyburn.
Second Racer — Burleigh, Van Ness,
The Crisis-
Third Race— Ananias, Fonsoluca,
Talpa.
Fonrth Race— Jade. Del Carina,
Sincerity Belle.
Fifth Tlace— Double, Good Manners,
Dishon.
Sixth Race — AtlantlcoT Gloriosa,
Sweetie.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Class stake, forty- eight dogs— Commercial
Traveler vs. Pasha Pleasant; Real Duchess vs.
Roy Hughie; Young Johnnie Rex vs. Colored
Lady; . General Dewet vs. Little Plunger;
Aeolus vs. Marguerita; Pomona vs. Dear Gas
ton; Orslna vs. Foxhunter; Lady Menlo vs.
Lulu Girl: Annie Ryan vs. Queen of Isles:
Princess Savoy vs. Una; Donnybrook vs. Lord
Brazen; Real Pasha vs. Don Pedro; Remisso
Anlmo vs. Easrle: Modest Beauty vs.; Eagle"
Bird; Young Klamath vs. Sunnyslde;' Idaho
Boy vs. Prometheus: Fenll vs. Tobasco Bob:
Fortuna Angel vs. Merry Go Round; Young
Mountain Belle vs. Royal Friend: Tralee Lars
vs. Runaway Actress; AVedgewood vs. Ready
Address; Golden Fortune vs. Qulta; Golden
Feather vs. Bright Fortuna; Ouida vs. Wattlea.
The management of Ingleside
Coursing Park has decided to match
the hounds more evenly in future. A
class stake for dogs of stake winning
caliber and a reserve stake for dogs
of a mediocre class will be held.
Owners of ordinary coursers will have
a better chance to get near the final.
The dogs^from the kennel of E.
Janike of Los Angeles are well rep
resented In the class stake. The
match race for $100 a side between
Doreen and Lily Wright, best three
out of five courses, will be held a week
from Sunday. A round of both
stakes will be run down on Saturday.
The hounds will meet as follows:
Reserve stake, sixty- four dogs— Master
Washington vs. Budding Rose; Gallant Glance
vs. Coifrtly Guest; Maid of the Glen vs. Moun
tain Poet; Jessie Dear vs. Flower of Kerry-
Fiddler vs. Bright Columbia: Gunfire vs Dart
away; Shotgun vs. Lady Russell; Old Ironsides
vs. Pepper Jack; Hof Shot vs. Free Costa:
Humbug vs. Bob R; D R vs. Topsy Turvy
Grace Greenwood vs. Rushaway Peter Mcln
tyrc vs. Willie Boy; Amorina vs. Black Lucy;
Black Rlx vs. Golden Links; Magic Stuff vs
Laboring Boy; White Stockings vs Chill Mara-
Tom Hurlick vs. Trotting Bob; Sofala vs.'
Articulate: Regal Attire- vs. Big Klamath; ;
Queen of Victory vs. Rich Array: Frank Dunm
vs. May Tunnispn; Our Myra vs. Fannie
Hughie; Gold Lily vb. Ponochee; Lucy Gilt
ters vs. Balendlne: Little Lucy vs. Haddington-
Altomax vs. Piccadilly; Miss Florence vs.
Little Klamath; J R vs. Royal Spirit: Smiler
vs. Haughty Helen; Gtlmore vs. Pagliaccl;
Mon Bells vs. Belvedere.
Hounds of Speed and Merit Will 3Ieet
In the Reserve and Class
Stakes.
DENVER, Colo., July 14. — Fred
Gilbert, the crack Iowa professional,
is the star performer in the Grand
Western handicap tournament now on
at the grounds of the Denver Trap
Club. In addition to being high gun
to-day, he has the highest average
for the three days. His work at the
traps was the feature to-day. He
made a new world's record for a
handicap of 22 yards by breaking: 83
straight birds. Summary:
Hlrshey. 188; Plank, 188; Herrgood 181"
Be:ser, 1S3: King, 178; Budd. 18C; Reihl, 192;
Garrett. 184; Lawton, 181; Rohrer. 181; Slev.
era, lfel; Mann. 178; George Maxwell. 161;
Jones, 177; Mackin. 107; Gilbert. 194; Cun
ningham. 166; Gottlieb. 182; O'Brien, 179;
Skelly. 154; Allen, 16T>: Moffatt. 184;»Shawver
191: Beggs. 170; Hudson, 178; Clayton. 186;
MCGee, 1<>7; Yonkman, 180; Anderson. 166;
Waddington, 191; Randall*. 185; Totman. 177;
Lipton. 1C8; Mailer. 169; Hill. 181; Murray,
1C1; Camphell. 186; Caldwell. 172; Gooden 183-
Burrows, 130; Beede. 149; McKenzie. 182.
The following are the leaders; three days:
Professional— Gilbert, 579; Hirshey, 554;
Budd, 550.
Amateur — Garrett, 561; Claxton, 061; Law
ton. CSS; Yonkman, 556.
The tournament closes to-morrow.
Noted Iowa Marksman Has Highest
Average and Also Breaks
World's Record.
GILBERT DOES SOME MORE
SPECTACULAR SHOOTING
TWO EVENTS TO BE RUN AT
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
NEW YORK. July 14. — To-morrow's entries
are aa follows:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles — Pha
zer 310, Prince Salm Salm 110, Dan Conners
110, Bound Brook 110. Hatchet 110. Waterford
107, Cataline 107. Bally Castle 107, Myrica 105,
R»-mittal 105, My Mate 105, Rlcket T .105,
Princess Atheling 1C5, Tide 1U2, Alista Iu7, si.
Gallen 110.
Second race, six furlongs — Niskayuna 112,
Scotch Plume 112, Shipshape 112. Lady Mirth
ful 112, Dinah Shad 112, Little Em 112. Heath
erdown 112. Tickle 112. Gay Llzzctte 112, Belie
of Wakefield 105. Belle of Portland 105, Miss
ing Link 106, Margaret O 105. Alisa 105. Dutch
ess Ollie 105, Glad Smiles 105.
¦Third race, five and a half furlongs — Tommy
Waddell 107, Gno-ne 104, Lady Frances 103,-
Greylad 103 Virgo 103, Celestial Light 102,
Confessor 1C2, Fra Fillipo 102, Petit Due 100.
Prlnzesnln 99, Clover Hampton 9S, Only One
97, Lang Dolan 97. Perry McAdow 97, Martha
Gorman 94, Resemblance 94.
Fourth 'race, one mile and a furlong, handi
cap — Dalesman 11C, Dukr of Kendal 110, Au
dience 108, Sheriff Bell 104, Palmbearer 99,
Lord Melbourne 92.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Hy
land 111, Fire Eater 111, Homestead 111, All
Gold 111. Plttacus 108. Airah Gowan 108, Ag
nes D 100, Palm Reader 104. Stilicho 103, Bob
Murphy 9fl, Champlain 99. The Bowery 99, At
wood 90, Naughty Lady 98, Dr. Loder 91, Hy
drangea 81.
Sixth race, six furlongs, handicap — St. Bel
lane 12-3. Flyback 126. Agile 118, Virgo 110,
Humo 110. Dr. Swartz 107, Ambcrjack 107.
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 14. — The entries to-morrow
are:
First race, five and a halt furlongs — Bonnie
Prince Charlip 103. Belsaranno 107. Capitanazo
98, Tom Shelly 104. Lady. Ellison 110. Al
Casey 93, Glecman 08, Before 110, The Belle
110. Tennyburn 98. Mum 110. Jack Lory 110.
Second race, six furlongs — John A. Scott 06,
Singing .Master 85. Gypzene 91, Van Ness 100,
Bay Wonder 03. The Crisis 00. Princess Tu
lane 9<J, Bill Walters 85, Burlelgh 10C.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Ananias r»j. Soufriere 91, Foncanta 96, Talpa
9t>. Bill Massie 101. Fonsoluca 105.
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling — Costigan
llti, jade 105. Green Gown 103. Del Carina
105 Sincerity Belle 105, No Trumper 103,
Garvice 103. Dimdall 10S.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Margaret
Howard 100, Dishon 103, Peter Durel 108.
Good Manners 100. The Gadfly 103. Flying
Brook 103. Viroqua 100, Mary Eleanor 105,
Double 103.
Sixth race, one mile. Belling — W. J. Deboe
10S, Emma A. M. 106. Sweetie 02, Atlantlco
9S Bummer II 111, Jack Demund 111. Lady
FrVe Knight 90, Glorlosa 107, Durbar 96.
Weather clear; track fast.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
First Race — Monogram, Mellwood,
Fruit.
Second Race — Baggerly, Phiora,
Dallas.
Third Race — Lady Savoy, Loretta
M. Useful Lady.
Fourth Race — Icewatcr, Elastic,
Otto Stifel.
Fifth Race — Rcgina D, John Doyle,
Lustiff.
Sixth Race — Thane, Decoration,
Sisrmund.
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS. July 14. — To-morrow's entries
are as follow. t:
First race, five furlongs, selling — Fruit ICfl,
Weberfield 100. Platoon 106, Lidtlon 10T5. Men
wood 103, Walter Candy lt:>, Opinion 100,
Franco P*. Tim Hurst 08, Abclard OS, Picture
Hat 93. Monosrram lir>.
Second race, six furlongs — Floridor 110. Bag
cerly 107. Fenian 107. Tom Mankins 107. Phiora
107, Owasca 105. Lady Fonse 105, Arthur Dal
las 10r>. Miss Doyle 105. Room Mate 105,
Madoc 102. Simon Kent 102. Ascot 102, Tot
tenham 103.
Third race, four and a half furlongs —
Loretta M 110, Dishabille 110, Zinda 105,
Hilona 105, Lady Savoy 105. Useful Lady 105,
Aurocelver 100, Sylvan Belle 100, Verandah
100. Darthula 101), Erla Lee 100, Miss Hazy
100.
Fourth race, six furlongs', handicap — Klasnic
125, Ooerator 117, Charlie Thompson lit! Ice
"Water 1V_\ Floral "Wreath 100, Otto Stlfel US,
XV. P. Palmer 90.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. »ell
inR — Thane 112. Royal Deceiver 104, Ivernia
10o, Wounded Knee 103. Decoration 101. Sig
mund 100, Dr. Kier 09, Strader t>9, Golden
Light 08. Lord Touchwood 9»i.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. sell
ing—Jack Little 102, Salivate 1C0. Imbcden 100,
John Doyle 100, Lustlg- 100. Trapsetter 100,
Kennlnjrton 97. Regina D 05. Martlus 95.
"Weather clear: track fast.
FAIR GROUND ENTRIES.
ALLEGED DIAMOND THIEF
FAILS TO SECURE RELEASE
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Are Dis
missed and He Is Remanded to
the Custody of the Sheriff.
STOCKTON, July 14. — Harry Ken
dall, the alleged Chicago diamond
thief, arrested here with Mrs. Sabin-
Brown. on whom was found diamonds
valued at more than $5000, failed to
secure his release upon habeas cor
pus proceedings. He was remanded
this morning by Judge Nutter, and
was immediately arraigned upon a
second charge of grand larceny, be
ing accused of getting away with $500
at Indianville. 111. His preliminary
examination was set for next Monday
morning. The woman made a for
mal demand this morning upon Sheriff
Sibley for the diamonds, but was re
fused. She Is out on bail.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE. July
14. — In the Canadian tennis cham
pionships to-day R. G. Hunt of Cali
fornia beat E. S. Glasscock, Toronto,
6-1, 6-3.
Hunt Again a Winner.
ROSE BREAKS WORLD'S
RECORD AT PRACTICE
Healdsburs Giant Throws the Six
teen-Pound Hammer More
Than 190 Feet.
HEALDSBURG, July 14. — In prac
tice this afternoon Ralph TV. Rose, the
Healdsburg High School's giant shot
putter, who has been attending the
University of Michigan and Is now
home on his summer vacation, threw
the sixteen-pound hammer the in
credible distance of 190 feet Vt inch.
This breaks the present world's record
of 176 feet by more than fourteen feet.
Of course, the mark will rTot stand, as
it was not officially done, but it gives
a line upon the ability of California's
crack weight tosser.
Rose already holds the world's rec
ord for putting the twelve and six-*
teen pound shots and will soon add the
hammer and discus records to his belt.
Rose will leave for Chicago on August
1, where he will train for the St.
Louis games, entering under the Chi
cago Athletic Club's colors.
Accidental Death of an Engineer
SALINAS, July 14. — Emll Meryer.
an engineer, died this morning from a
fracture of the skull received by fall
ing from a ladder and striking on hi3
head on the pavement. He was a na
tive of Switzerland, 51 years of as».
Falls Down Shaft and Is Killed
SONORA. July 14. — Alex Novich. a
skip tender In the Rawhide mine, fell
down the shaft to-day, a distance of
500 feet, and was killed.
Errors— Beck. Williams, Van Haltren. Dele
hanty. Earned runs— Seattle 1, Portland 3.
Two-base hit? — Frisk, Campbell. Bases on
balls — Off Ibers 1. Hit by pitched ball— By
Williams I. Struck out— By Williams 5, by
Iberg 4. Double plays — Williams to Blanken
ship. Mohler to Hail. Raymond to Castro to
Beck. Passed ball — Wilson. Time of game
One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire — Mc-
Carthy and McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Ham Iberg pitched a ball that barely
wobbled up to the plate, yet the slug
gers with the exception of Frisk could
not hit it. Frisk's double in the first
inning gave Seattle three runs. Al
though Portland had already scored
four on five hits in the first, it looked
easy for Seattle with her batting array.
However, in the remaining eight in
nings not a man got near the home
plate. In order to win the Portland
fielders had to do some sensational
work. In the eighth inning Raymond,
Nadeau and Drennan cut off hits.
Blankenship made two wonderful
stops in the ninth. Score:
Seattle— i Portland—
AB. R. H. P. A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
\ Htn.cf 4 12 2 0 Nadau.lf 5 0 2 7 0
Mohlr.2b 4 10 3 2jMcCde,rf 5 13 0 0
r>hnty.3b 4 110 ljDrnan.cf 6 0 110
Krislcif. 4 0 2 1 O ; Beck.lb. 3 118 1
Blkshp,3b 4 0 0 9 0 Kaymd.s 4 112 2
Smith. rf. 4 0 0 10 Castro.2b 4 113 4
Hall.s. .. 2 O 0 5 l:Cmpbl.3b 4 0 2 0 1
Wilson.c 3 0 1 4 llShea.c... 4 0 0 5 1
Wllams.p 2 0 0 2 4 Iberg.p.. 4 0 0. 0 2
Totals. 31 3 6 27 9' Totals. 38 4 11 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3
Base hits 31001100 0 6
Portland 4 0 O O 0 0 0 O 0 4
Base hits 51 002110 1 11
SEATTLE, July 14.— Seattle and
Portland played ball In the rain this
afternoon. They started out as if it
was going to be a rough and tumble
affair, but caught their wind in the
second inning and put up one of the
prettiest contests on record.
"Ham" Mystifies Seattle Sluggers With
the Exception of Frisk.
IBERG'S FLOATER A PUZZLE.
Tacozsa — I lot Ajigeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf . 4 10 3 0 Toman.s. 4 0 111
Fhehn.3b 4 0 0 1 1 Flood.2b. 4 0 13 2
NrdyJUb 4 0 0 7 0 Smlth,3b 4 0 0 0 0
E&gan.s. 4 0 0 S 2 Bernrd.cf 4 0 0 10
Lynch.cf 2 0 0 6 0 Cravth.rf 3 0 13 0
Casey.2b 3 0 0 3 SiChase.lb 3 0 0 9 0
McLgn,lf 3 0 10 0; Brshr.lt- 30100
Orahm.o SOO63 Kagar, 0.30081
Keefe.p. 8 0 0 0 2 Newton. p 2 0 0 O 8
Totals. 80 1 1 27 11 Totals. 80 0 4*25 7
•One out when winning: run waa scored.
RUNS A>'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 00100000 0 — 1
Los Anreles 00000000 0 — 0
I)a« hite 11001100 0—4
BtJMMART.
Eitotb — Flood (2), Toman, Newton, Nordyke,
Casey. Struck out— By Newton 8, by Keefe 4.
Bases en ball*— By Newton 1. by Keefe 1.
Wild pitch— Newton. Two-base hlt»—McLaugh
lln. Cravath. Left on bases — Tacoma 5. Los
Angeles 4. Time of came — One- hour and
thirty-five minutes. Umpire — McConnelL
• e...91 8...t.|...w!-o"O 7 bD vb vb vbn
TACOMA, July 14.— Tacoma won
out in the ninth inning of a superb
game to-day, when the visitors went to
pieces and allowed the Tigers to score
without a hit, Newton's error giving
Doyle a life. Flood's error in covering
first for a bunt advanced him to sec
ond, Nordyke's out put him on third,
whence he scored with ease when Ea
gan drove a hot one at Toman, who
fumbled the ball and couldn't pick it
up in time to nail any of the runners.
Keefe and Newton pitched grand ball
from start to finish and, considering
the rain, their support was good.
Bcore:
Seven spirited rounds were boxed by
Eddie Hanlon at his training gymna
sium in Alameda yesterday afternoon.
He exchanged punches with Mike
Synfy for six minutes, took on Toby
Irwin for two periods and mixed gloves
¦with Joe Angeli for three rounds. Eddie
exhibited a noticeable increase in the
speed of his hand and foot work and it
was evident that he has profited as a
result of the short and rapid bouts he
participated in with the short distance
fighters of the Eastern States.
Prior to putting on the mitts Hanlon
walloped his new fangled punching bag
for twenty minutes, skipped the rope
for a quarter of an hour and wrestle"d
with his training, mates. He also en
joyed the pleasure of a plunge in the
bay and took part in a baseball game.
During his roadwork Eddie has be
come somewhat sunburned and in do
ing his first boxing yesterday he lost
considerable loose cuticle from the
bridge of his nose through that organ
coming in contact with his opponents'
gloves. He will therefore eliminate
boxing for a few days until he has
grown a new supply of skin and recov
ered from the effects of the sun's rays.
To-day he will go through the usual
routine with the exception of donning
the mitts.
Toby Irwin and Joe Angeli, who are
fitting themselves for ring battles, are
rounding to form nicely and could step
into the arena now if required.
Yesterday was a - busy day for Bat
tling Nelson. He was up with the
larks and took a ten-mile spin around
San Quentin Point, accompanied by
Trainer Murphy, Dave Barry, Frank
Newhouse. "Smiling" Metzner and
Frank Rafael. The afternoon was de
voted to boxing, wrestling, bag punch
ing and skipping the rope.
Trainer Murphy is confident that
Nelson will best Hanlon and wishes the
fight was to occur on the 19th Instead
of the 29th.
A good one on Nelson leaked out to
day. The boys were invited by the
prison officials to visit the prison and
all accepted the kind invitation. They
found San Quentin a very interesting
place, but all preferred Metzner's tav
ern when it came to a boarding-house.
On the way out Nelson stopped to
pick a bouquet for himself and became
separated from the rest of the boys.
He became bewildered and wandered
around the institution like a lost child
until missed by Ted Murphy, who sent
a guard to find him. Nelson says it
will be many a day before he visits
San Quentin again.
The hills of Sonoma and Lake
counties will In all probability be prom
ising fields for deer hunters this season.
The game wardens have heen keeping
a strict watch and the violators of the
law have been severely dealt with. Th«>
country is rather wild and accommo
dations are not the best, but those who
are willing to put up with a little in
convenience should be well rewarded.
Reports from Summit indicate that
the deer field is better there than It
has been for several years. The big fel
lows have been seen in numbers and
everything points to a successful
season. There are no doves in the im
mediate vicinity.
In Yolo County deer are very scarce
and the sportsmen In general will be
disappointed to hear this. Doves, how
ever, are plentiful and good bagg may
be secured. The same may be said of
Tehama, though it is expected that
deer will be more plentiful there a lit
tle later on.
Reports received from Stirling City,
in Butte County, announce that the
sport is good in that vicinity. The
hunting in and around Bradley Is not
so good as was expected, few deer as
yet being sighted in the hills.
Crow's Landing promises to be ¦ th«
gathering place of large bands of
hunters. The deer are plentiful there,
and those who are prepared for a rough
time in the mountains may expect to
do well. El Dorado County will not
yield much game this season. The hunt
ing is also poor about Folsom.
Morgan Hill reports lots of deer ia
the mountains. The country In that
neighborhood is easily traversed, and
hunters can find ample accommoda
tions. It is necessary to secure permits
to hunt there, but these can be easily
had from the owners of the land-
The deer season opens to-day, and
sportsmen in every part of the State
are making ready to give the antlered
beauties a hot reception. From ac
counts, the big game is to be found in
plenty in the mountains all over the
State. Mary large parties of sportsmen
have already departed or are about to
leave for the various scenes of action
and will be heard from shortly.
Deer abounds in large quantities* In
the Castella district In the Upper Sac
ramento Valley, ilany sportsmen have
been attracted by the alluring stories
from there, a'nd it is expected that it
will be a popular resort for heavily
armed citizens.
Stolen bases — Meany (2). Anderson. Kruger
(2). Ganlcy. Errors — Jone«. Ganley, Schlafley,
Anderson. Meany. Two-base hite — Irwin (2),
Streib. Moskiman, MIM^r. Hildebrand. Sacri
fice bits — Kraper. Anderson, Ganley. First
base on error? — Oakland 1. First base on
tailed balls — Off Jones 5, off Schmidt 1. Left
'•n bafes — San Francisco 10. Oakland 9. Struck
out — By Jones 6, liy Schmidt 2. Hit by pitcher
— l>eahy. Townsend. Passed balls — Ueahy 2.
Wild pltcli — Schmidt. Time of. tame — One
hour and flfty-flve minutes. Umpire — iirown.
SUMMARY,
But It was not so, for San Francisco
did the noble in its half of the same
round. With Hildebrand on second
and Aleany on third, Irwin came along
with a royal two-cushion shot out to
left, bringing them both in and mak
ing it a deadlock again.
Oakland made a good getaway in the
ninth ! when Schmidt hit and Kruger
was safe on Jones' fumble. It was
victory for a hit. but Dunleavy biffed
three times at the azure blue and
Schlafley popped to- short.
Hildebrand opened up the ninth for
San Francisco -a'ith a double away out
to deep center. Meany sent him around
to third on an out and Irwin bunted.
Hilde fairly flew to the plate before
the ball was fielded and then it was
really all over for the day. The score:
E*n Francisco — | Oakland—
AB.R.H. PA. 1 AB.R. H. P. A.
TVldrn, cf 5 «» 1 0 1 Ganly, rf 3 1 0 2 0
Hildbd If 5 2 2 1 0 Krugr, cf 3 1 0 O 1
ileany, rf r. 2 2 1 0 I>nlvy. If 6 O 1 5 1
Iruin 3b r» 13 1 3 Schlfly,2b 3 O # 2 2
Twnsd.lb 3 O 1 13 0 Mskimn.s 4 112 3
MJllT. 2b 4 0 2 2 4 Devrx. 3b 4 1 1 0 4
Andrsn s 2 O 2 2 2 Streib. lb 4 O 2 11 0
Leahy, c. 3 0 1 7 2 Byrnes. c4 O O 3 1
Jones, p. 4 0 0 0 J Schmdt.p 3 0 2 0 1
ToUIs.06 R 14 27 15' Totals. 33 4 7*25 13
•One cut when winning run scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland © O 3 0 O 0 1 0 0 — 4
£a.*e hits O1300020 1— 7
Esn Francisco... 200O0020 1 — 5
Base hits 30020142 2—14
Oakland got In wrong In the first
round. After two had been knocked
down. Meany singled to center and Ir
win popp«d up a high fly to left. Both
Mctkiir.an and Dunleavy offlcad up to
the ball, but neglected to get it, so
Measy scored and Irwin perched on
eecond. Then Cy Townsend swung
through with a zinger to right and Ir
win trotted in.
Oakland went them one better In the
third when Kruger walRed and stole
and Dunleavy, Moskiman and Streib
each kicked back with hits, making
three runs in all. A bad throw by An
dersen started the rally and Oakland
kept very busy while it lasted. In the
seventh the commuters copped another
and victory seemingly belonged to
them. t
The knowing fans had a hunch that
there would be doings before the game
yesterday afttrnoon waa finished.
Uncle's 6t«r» were landing mighty hard
on th« ones tossed up by Mr. Schmidt,
but for a long time they could not
bunch 'em right- In the -seventh, horv
ever, they tied up the score and the
ninth brought them victory. Score,
£an Francisco 5, Oakland 4.
Schmidt was about as easy to hit
yesterday as a big man when mixed
np in a barroom rough-house. But for
a long time he took the beating with
a deal of grace, for his team was play
ing some good baseball behind him and
he feared not. But when it came time
for Oakland to win the game they
were not there. It was ready to be d»
livered to them in the ninth, round, but
r.o oce had the purchasing price, name
ly, a base hit.
STAlOttNa OF THE CXAJBS.
(Pac'.fie Cotit Learue.)
W.L.Pct. > W.UPct.
Taoom* 62 42 .896 Oakland 81 81 .5oO
BlMlHl 67 45 .553 San Fran 42 69.416
Lo« Anreles. .65 48 .53*jPortland 89 60 .894
Commuters Have Chance to
Break Up the Game During
Eighth, but Lack Base Hit
Strays Away From Chums
and Guard Discovers Him
Wandering About Grounds
Many Crack Shots Have Al
ready Departed and More
Will Follow Promptly
NELSON LOST IN PRISON
Both Keefe and Doc Newton
Pitch Wonderful Ball in
Spite of Drizzling Eain
VISITOES ARE BLANKED
SCmiEDT GETS BEATING
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Lf-enja. 100 (Bridewell) 6 13 15
6 to 1— Caithness 100 (W.BIke) 7 2 12^
10 to 1— Z. Knight. 95 (H.Andsn) 2 5 8 3 1 >i
Time, 1:56. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner P. J. Nolan's ch. m. (5) by Hastlngs-St.
Priscilla. Frank McKce 10O. Edgardo 97,
Judge Cantrlll 95, Ga*l!gliter 108. Barca. itt'J.
Colonel Ballantyne 105, Strader 103, Compass
05 Murmur 93, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile: three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
4 to 1 — Bugler. 101 (D. Austin). 4 2 1 1 ns
7 to 2 — Pretension 94 (McLghn) 2 1 n 2 1
5 to 1 — Trapsettcr. 8.8 (H.Andrsn) 1 4 25 3 4
Time. 1:43U. Start good for all but Hymet.
tus. Won easily. Winner. T. P. Hayea' b. c.
(3) by Ornament -Barbara Gray. Boundling
101, Sardian 101, Hymettus 100. Dave gammers
100, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Ore mile and twenty
yards; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 to 1— Just So. 97 (D. Austin). 2 14 16
t> to 1— Montebank, 10C (Lindsy) 12 6 2 6
4 to 5— Copperfield. 106 (Wlson) 4 3 7 3 15
Time. l:45»i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. H. Chinn & Co.'s ch. g. (3) by
George Kessler- Verily. Check Morgan 95
also ran.
* THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. $4 Fin,
S to S — Col. White. 108 (Austin). 4 17 12
10 to 1— Saronola. 103 (Dart) 3 2 2 2n
4 to 1— Gar. Wilson, 103 (Foley). 1 45 31
Time, l:09'4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. H. Chinn & Co.'s blk. c. (2) by
Clifford-Lacona. Dave Stahl 105 Monica Maid
100. King's Trophy 103, finished as named.
SECOXD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
10 to 1— Caterpillar. 101 (Cocolo). 1 1 Ya 1 h
3 to 1— Ded. May. 91 (Anderson) 2 3 2 2 3
S to 1 — Potter, 107 (Austin) 8 22 3 8
Time. l:Hi. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. N. G. Catalanotto's b. g. (j) by Bon
Ami-Eltham Queen. Rosecourt lOt, Aria 91,
Howling Dervish 102. February Blue 102, John
11 101, «Lady Contrary 90, Santa Ventura 99.
Selected Ui, Gay American SK>. Walterin 06,
Fitzbrillar 105. Revenue Dare 104, finished aa
named.
ST.- LOUIS. July 14.— Just So got
away to a good start and was never
headed in to-day's feature event in
which Copperfield was a 7 to 10 choice.
Cc-pperfleld pulled up lame and needs
a rest. Hymettus, heavily played in
the fifth, was left at the post. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlon»»;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 2— Argosy, 103 (Austin) 2 11 U^
12 to 1 — Lady Lou 95 (Seder).... 7 3 2 2 2
40 to 1— Annisquam, 100 (Howell) 4 2 0 3 2
Time, :57. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes' ch. f. (2) by Cayuga-Dejurl.
Mary Maud Ho. Voltage 98, Fair Una 10O,
Aspatla J>5, Madras 100, Mlmjetta 93. Geneva
Lee 95. Nettle George 95, Lady Sellers 101,
Wakeful 103, Sonya 101, finished as named.
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start fair.- Won easily.
Winner, J. R. Keene's b. c. by Melton-Optlme.
Charles Elliott, Cairngerm, Pacettl, Gowannu?,
Glenecho. Father D. Glowstar, Good for Noth
ing finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; maiden two-yea r-old9:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20— Syonsby 107 (B.Martin). 1 1 V4 1 6
3 to 1 — Linda Lee. 104 (H. 1'hiD.S tih 2n
50 to 1 — Gotowin, 1<>4 (Traverse). .2 2h IJlVi
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
purse; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
2 to 5— Bad News. 116 (C. Kelly).. 1 14 18
11 t*4 — South Trimble. Ill <Shaw)2 2 2
Time. 1 :54. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. R. Bradley's br. g. by Flying Dutch
man-Blacksleeves.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; the Winged
Foot handicap; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
4 to 5— Tradition, 110 (Burns) 3 33 1 3>£
12 to 1— Buttling, 108 (C.Kelly).. 2 lh 2 2
4 to 6— TonRorder, 121 (Bolsen) — ti ti 2 31i
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. Pagefs b. f. by Gold Finch-Reclare.
Red Friar, PaFadena, Augur, Bill Bailey II,
AL. ran finished ae named.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; fillies and mares; three-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Even— Jane Holly. 100 (Hldbd) 1 2 3 1 %
30 to 1— For Luck. 95 tJ. Jones) 5 1 h 2
30 to 1— Elsie L. 106 (Cormack) 3 8 3 Ui
Time. 1:47 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner J. C. Yeager's ch. mare by Sleipner-
Sena Royal. Inquisitive Girl. Flara, Tolsln,
Bolina Nine Spot, Lady Potentate, Athiana,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About • two miles; selling;
steeplechase: two- year- olds and up:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Wlter'Cleary. 153 (Ray) 1 14 1 »i
15 to 1— Good & Plenty.132 (Kly) 2 4 1%2 6
6 to 2 — Cock Robin, 153 (Page) 7 : li 8 S'i
Time, 4:33. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, B. L. Norton's bay gelding by Candlemas-
Kanawha. Adjldaumo. Bermuda King. Gas
car, Perlon, finished ae named.
Both Von Tromp and Sysonby will
each carry 112 pounds in the Brighton
Junior on Saturday. Their "most dan
gerous opponents are Waterside, Brit
isher, Jonquil, Tradition and Butling.
The race will be well contested. It will
be worth $12,000 to the winner. The
summaries:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight.' Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 20— Von Tromp,103 (J.Mtn) 2 12 15
12 to 1— Fleur Marie, 100 (Cmk) 3 3 1 2 nk
20 to 1— Siglight. 102 (H.Phli»s) 5 4 2 8 3V4
Time. 1:16. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. R. Keene's bay colt by Ben Brush-
Cinderella. Cashier, Dulcibella, Escutcheon.
Priority. Shepherdess, finished as named.
Vcrn Tromp, who won the first in a
common canter, is by Ben Brush out
of Cinderella, mare by Hermit. He had
a very ordinary two-year-old to beat
to-day, the only winners being Dul
cibella and Escutcheon. Almost from
start to finish It was seen that Von
Tromp had merely to stand up to win,
which he did by a long distance.
A few days ago In the presence of
eight thousand persons, a- fair pro
portion of whom knew within a short
time the Identity of the colt, Sysonby,
by Melton out of Optlme, waa worked
between races five furlongs in 1:01. In
the sixth race to-day this colt made
his first appearance. He was opposed
by ten others, none of them able to
make him extend himself. He, like
Von Tromp, was also an odds-on fav
orite. In the first quarter of the mile
he had all his opponents beaten and,
coming away in the last quarter like
a four-mile horse, won with wonderful
ease.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. T., July 14.
James R. Keene to-day started two
candidates for the $15,000 Junior Brigh
ton stakes to be run Saturday and won
with both at the same time, showing
the racegoers a brace of high bred,
grand looking: Juveniles who, all pres
ent admitted, may play a prominent
part In the rich stakes of the year.
GEEAT SPOET EXPECTED
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles; . selling: four- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
R to 5— Frivol OS (O'Regar) 3 1 2^1 1
S to 1— Jack Dnyle, 1C0 (Olphnt) 7 2 1 2 4
5 to 1— Frank Me 10<5 (Hoffter) 5 4 2U3 2
Time. 1:4» l-.V Start fair. Won easily.
Winner James <ios=s & Co.'s ch. m. (8) by St.
Charles-Jilt. Bluemint 98. Nitrate 103 Rus
sian lCn. Harry New 108. Frangible 105. Ta
was 103, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling ; four-year-otds and up:
Betting Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
" to 5 — MaJ. Mansir. 10O (Abch) 5 5 h 1 «4
4 to 1— Don't Ask Me.10.1 <Kni>) 2 3 2%2 2
20 to 1— Handley Cross,106 (Otis) 112 3 1'4
Time. 1 :4S 2-. r >. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. k. (7) by Eothen-
Vol-Au-Vent. O'Hagen 106. Mezzo 101, Loula
ville OS, Royalty 102. Mamselle 101. finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: three-year
olds and up; selling;:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin.
3 to 2— Van Xess, 111 fOliphant). 1 1 2%1 Vx
33 to 1— Jake, 104 (Livingston)... 4 5 1^2 1 Va
16 to 5— Rag Tag, 111 (Knapp)... S 4 1%3 2
Time, 1:14. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner, J. W. Schorr's b. jr. (5) by Loyalist-Ada
B. Mayor Johnson 102. Ahola 94. Ethel Wheat
95. Longmore 102, Peter J 101, Marco 100, Sing
ing Master 92, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Cto5— Phil Finch, 100 (Knapp). 4 11 16
0 to 1— Emp. of India. 100 (Fcht) 1 2 2 2 1
25 to 1 — Edward Hale, 105 (Larsn) 6 4 n 3 1
Time, 1:40 1-5. Start good. Won ea6lly. Win
ner. L. T. Curtis & Co.'s ch. g. by Goldflnch-
Phillstla. Exclamation 107. Bearcatcher 115,
Miss Crawford 105. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5 — The Mist. 100 (Hoffler).. 2 1 1%1 1
4 to 1— Cigarllghter 100 (Knapp) 6 6 S 2 1^4
3 to 1— La Londe, 106 (Otis) 3 3 % 3 nk
Time, 1:07 2-5. Ktart good. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Hammond's ch. f. by Magnet-
Tenebrac. The Belle 97 Koycroft 100. AlUn
Avon 104. Padre 102, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horee Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 10 — Joe Lester. Ill iLrs=cn) 2 2^11
7 to 1— Crestfallen. 105 (Knp) 5 1 1«42 >£
9 to 2— Birch Broom, 10" <Olpt) 1 5 lVj3 nk
Time. 1 :47. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner. H. D. Beams & Co.'s b. p. (6) by Whit
ney- Hermie. Rofomond 105, l^acy Crawford
9S. Tancred 117. Harrison 105, D. L. Moore OS,
finished as named
CHICAGO. July 14.— Bear Catcher
went down to defeat In the third and
feature race of the Harlem card of
seven races to-day. The California
colt, which won hia last time out,
heavily played, had his usual strong
following to-day and was a close sec
ond choice in the betting at 6 to 2. He
shot away from his field at the start
and his backers were encouraged, but
after going six furlongs he quit badly
and was next to last at the wire in a
field of six.
Phil Finch, closing favorite at 6 to 5,
backed down from 2 to 1, proved easily
best. Jockey Knapp evidently knew
the early pace would be a hot one and
so he dodged It, allowing Bear Catcher
and Emperor of India to run their
heads off.
The mile was run in 1:40 1-5, which
is the fastest niile made at the meet
ing. The track was fast, weather clear
and warm and a good card offered.
Six favorites won and the talent gave
the bookmakers a severe drubbing.
Summaries:
FIRST RACK — Fi\'e furlong*; two-year-olds;
F-Uins:
Betting. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Oceaner. 93 (Livingston). 3 2 2 lh
8 to 1 — Albert Fir, 106 (Hoffler). 6 3 1 2h
9 to '1— Monte, 10S (Henry) 9 6% 3h
Time, 1:01!. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, C. R. Ellison's ch. c. by Dr. Hasbrouck-
Thundercloud. Lord Dlxon 110,, Captain Xe
roth 100. Rainey B 9t>, Lady Lasca 97, Bryan
102, Pirllia 07, Girdlestone 100. Eckstein 1)2,
I-jidy Meadors 82, ''hum 92. Enchanter 106.
Judpe Soufley 96, Sly Musette 100, finished as
named.
Hildebrand Doubles to Cen
ter Field and Invin Is
There With a Nice Bunt
Juggle Ball About in the
Ninth and Tigers Score
Lone Bun Without a Hit
Season Will Open To-Day in
This- State and Antlered
Beauties Are Plentifnl
Mike Synfy, Toby Irwin and
Joe Angeli Don the 3Iitts
With Game Little Boxer
Just So Gets Away Nicely
and Copperfield Pulls
Up Lame.
Bear Catcher Quits and Dis
appoints Big Crowd of
Harlem Admirers.
Von Tromp and Sysonby
Manage to Walk Home as
They Please.
KEENE TURNS LOOSE A PAIR
OF PROMISING YOUNGSTERS
OAKLAND NOSED
OUT IN NINTH
ANGELS TAKE
AN ASCENSION
HANLON KEEPS
TRAINERS BUSY
HUNTERS READY
FOR THE DEER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY, 15. 1901.
DEER SEASON OPENS AND SPORTSMEN TAKE TO MOUNTAINS
PHILADELPHIA, July 14. — Peter
Mnher and Jack '."Williams started a
six-round bout at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night, but it lasted less
than two rounds. Maher was knocked
down four times in the first round and
In the second was so wobbly and so
badly used up that the police stopped
the fight.
Maher Easy for .Williams.
10
THE CALL'S
WANT AD PREMIUMS,
Like ILs Circulation,
ARE HIGH CLASS.
A WALKER'S SELF-PULLING
CORKSCREW
FREE TO-DAY
See announcement; classified
page. •
To Every. Person Bringing a
Want Ad for
SUNDAY EDITION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I \ \mlun, iliiHr / "BRILLIANCY"-CUritT*ad polish. W
I ¦¦»¦*• -/ VyS2i*VwS I y proving: perfect brewing and fer- #L
II *"5T ISpJMfll "CLEAN "TASTE- The absence of U
II f ft?2&J?sL .^^ * dissrrcetble foreign or " tfter- A
|| \ ntrSS&S*^. X. taste," proTias scrupulous desnli- #1
la I ness during the brewiac process. f I
Bfr-r* J / l&Mt^F5g&&to3& "SOLID. CREA.MY FOA.M"-An ia- VI
¥ y / Mp^ 'Jt'ri^X^^m--' fallible indication of body, are and
1 £sa t . /^ excellence of brewint materiaL I J
H&S* / most bottled beers, because their 7L
Hw I * •jB^t'JBr preservation is rained through |\
ilL» jW'^tj "FLAVOR-— The distinctive indi- 4\ I
IjKfijSjfx. jfifr'ffif »idual characteristic of any hever- \#
\iM&££riQk\^ ate: as peculiar to it alone as is its V
BffflrBfBX X odorto the rose. A delicious and *
ftjaStfteBW^tflSflBifS^Sr pronounced hop aroma ia the U
\li««ii!ffiL J *^** mmm^^. ** tl>e O^l-V beer that possesse* al. £\Jacob Peterson, who was injured
last evening at the Lewis Packing
Company's Vinegar Works. 653 Chest
nut street, by an explosion of alcohol
fumeu, died yesterday in the German
Hospital.
Peterson's Injuries Fatal.
Representatives of Templar Lodge
No. 2, I. O. .6. .-F.,. yesterday, presented
thirteen Montgomery avenue bonds to
City Treasurer McDougald for re
demption. The bonds with coupons
attached represented a value of $30,
000. McDougald was obliged to re
fuse payment because; there are no
funds with which to redeem them.
Other concerns holding the bonds
have Instituted proceedings to compel
their redemption by the city. -
Refuses to Redeem ] Honds.
Coming into harbor yesterday morning from
Fort Bragg the lumber barge Tidal Wave was
thrown by the current against th« bows of the
British »hlp Durbridge. The • barge hung In
her perilous position on the ship's chain sev
eral hour* till pulled off by the tufr Sea Queen.
The Government tug Fortuna left yesterday
on a search for the reported derelict ecen off
this port.
The bark R. P. Rtthet. from Honolulu, and
the bark St. Catherine, from HHo, arrived in
port yesterday.
The British ship Wavertree arrived yeeter
day morning, 155 days from South Shields,
with a cargo'of 1350 tons of coke.
Water Front Notes.
Th,e Board of Supervisors received
a communication yesterday contain
ing- the information that the Board of
Trustees of Berkeley had appointed
Trustees Thomas Dowd, R. C. Staats
and F. F. Connor to act in conjunc
tion with President Thomas Rlckard
at any meeting held by the various
legislative bodies around* the bay for
the purpose of considering the ques
tion of securing a joint source of water
supply for cities contiguous thereto.
Joint Action on .Water Supply.
A dispatch from London, dated July 12, says
that the British ship Gleneeslin, bound' from
Oregon to that port. Is In trouble. She ar
rived at Loreneo Marques In a damaged con
dition from a severe storm. She had lost a
number of spar*, several sails and part of her
load of lumber.
Put Into Port Damaged.
Two vessels, the Calmbator and Pioneer, are
now added to the fleet of overdues. making
the following complete list of ship* delayed
from ports of destination : Ems. 100 days from
S Bl t Utla L. f ?^« S UI> " per Wt reinsurance^
Parknook, 149 days from Chlttagong for Trln-
« ad> u. 4 l^ r C , e ,v t: i ullu " Palm - 15 » dav « from
Bangkok for llha Grande, 12 per cent* Wyn
ford. 76 days from New York for Shanghai.
15 per cent: Queen KlUabeth. 87 days from
New York for Hongkong, 7 percent; Im Roche-'
foucauld. 84 days from New York to Shanr
hai, 7 per cent; Calmbator. 41 days from Bun
bury for Falmouth, 15 per cent; Pioneer 05
days from Buenos Ayres for Falmouth, 15* per
cent.
Two Now Overdues.
The Board of Health yesterday ex
tended an invitation to the Supervisors
to visit the dairies so that they may
personally, view the conditions exist
ing in the handling of milk. Some of
the Supervisors are apposed to many
of the proposed rules regulating dai
ries to be incorporated In an ordin
ance and the Health Board desires to
show that the bad -sanitary conditions
in most dairies warrant the adoption
of stringent regulations. The party
will leave from the City Hall in a car
ryall at 9 o'clock next Sunday.
Supervisors to Inspect Dairies.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
July 14. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ftrry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I, e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m\, Greenwich Aline. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
The Pacific Mail steamship Peru arrived
yesterday, 27 days and 17 hours from Panama.
The following is a list of her cabin paseengers:
M. J. Brown. J. H. Langtry. C. L. Slnnott,
C. F. Boyles. H. Singer. A. Chang V. Leon,
Mrs M. Weddel. T. T. Belger. M. "D. Allora.
O. Allora. Balvatore Trigeiton, Ramon Trigu
eros, Joaquin Trlgueros. Jorge Velado, Cas
texio Velado, Jose Castello Davis Castello,
Leopoldo Barrentos. Ramoldo Antigune Mrs.
S. Mejla. Miss A. Mejia, Miss P. Mejia. Lo
renzo Mendes, Mrs. J. Gallcia. Ernesto Cas
tello. A. M. Garland. Jo«eph Wlllner. B. Bor
daux. Harry S. Wilson, Theo. Palacio Miss -M.
Costano. Mrs. M. Felton. Edward H. Hoag and
Turner L. Foster. There were twenty-eight
passengers In the steerage.
The Peru in Port.
The Vice President is 43 years old
and entered upon his official duties a
year ago. It is the first political posi
tion he has held and he was selected
for it owing to his well-known ability
as a financier and his loyalty to Presi
dent Escalon. During his stay in the
Hast Valedo expects to call on Presi
dent Roosevelt and convey to him the
respects of President Escalon of Sal
vador. A needed rest after many
years' attention to business affairs is
the main reason of Valedo's visit to
this country.
Calixto Valedo, Vice President of the
republic of Salvador, arrived from
Central America yesterday and is reg
istered at the Occidental. Accompanied
by his brother George, he has come to
the United States for the first time on
a pleasure trip, which will include a
month's stay in San Francisco, a visit
to the St. Louis exposition and a tour
of the Eastern cities. Senor Valedo is
one of the most prominent financiers of
Central America, having been connect
ed with the banking institutions of
Salvador for twenty odd years. He 13
at present general manager of the
Banco Salvadoreno and is a large
holder in coffee fincas.
Although occupying the second high
est position within the gift of the peo
ple of Salvador, Valedo makes no claim
to being a politician and in fact he
stated yesterday that he has taken no
interest in the politics of his country
further than ,for the welfare of the
republic. Regarding the conditions
there, he said:
The republic of Salvador has never been in a
better condition than at the present time.
President E«calon is a peaceful man and his
administration has emphasized this fact. The
people have abandoned their revolutionary Ideas
and the fact has materially advanced the pros
perity of the country. The coffee crop is an
exceptionally good one this season, and this,
with the Increased exports of Indigo, sugar,
balsam, hides, feathers and cocoa, has greatly
encouraged the people. To-day Salvador Is the
richest and undoubtedly the strongest of the
Central American republics and » Is rapidly
adopting foreign methods which will further
her Industrial and commercial Interests.
The estate, consisting nf a !ir>rary and other
jrfTKorial property of rnuil value, wag be
• :n«-8th»<! Jo Father Eugene O'KulIlvan and
Kathrr Patrick Kranlati, mho died in New York
Father Patrick Keene.
SOANLAN WIIL PliOBATED.— The will rf
meeattr. was fcimitted to probate yepterday.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but threis tides, as
Bom'atimes occurs. The heights given are Jn
addition to the soundings. of th« United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted -¦ from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low/ waters.
Calixto Valedo, Vice Presi
dent of Salvador, Pays a
Visit to San Francisco
15 0:10 5.7 6:54 — 0.7 1:66 5.3 8:02 2.2
16 1:09 5.3 7:40—0.3 2:37 6.3 8:02 2.2
17 2:08 4.0 8:20 0.3 3:22 5.4 »:12 2.0
18 3:14 4.4 9:14 0.9 4:06 5.6 10:20 1.8
19 4:27 4.110:10 1.8 4:56 5.5 11:29 1.4
20 5:48 3.0 11:10 2.0 5:47 5.6
IL, Wl H W L W H W
21 | 0:38 0.9 7:10 3.8 12:07 2.5 6:42 5 6
COMES HERE
FOR A REST
C iTlmel iTimel iTlme! iTimel
p 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
» [H W| |L W| |H W[ |L W|
Sun rises •. .4:58
Sun sets 7:32
Moon sets 0:16 p. rh.
FRIDAY, JULY 15.
NOTE; — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
The committee informed the presi
dent of the West of Castro Club in re
sponse to a petition for better fire pro
tection in the district that the Board
of Works has an appropriation of
$15,000 for the repair of buildings,
part of which may be used for the
repair of fire engine houses.
Inspector E. J. Brandon of the
Board of Works, Assistant Chief En
gineer Shaughnessy of the Fire De
partment and Fire Marshal Towe op
posed the granting of the petition on
the ground that concrete -would not
fatami the test of fire. The lire in £t.
Rose's Church was cited as an ex
ample of how the concrete would
crumble. Action on the petition was
postponed one week by the commit
tee.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday considered the application
of the Concrete Steel Constructing
Company to amend the building
ordinances so as to rjermil of
the erection of concrete and steel
structures. Henry Gervais. president
of the company,^ presented several
documents showing that buildings of
that character erected in Baltimore
and Cincinnati had stood the test of
fire.
Action on Company's Petition to
Amend Ordinance.
Supervisors* Fire Committee Postpones
ARRIVED. i
Thursday, July 14.
U S stmr Thomas, Lynam. 20 days from.
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days, via Honolulu
8 day?. r.
Stmr A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodgers.
Stmr National City. Hammar, 35 hours from
Kureka. 1M) hours from Fort Bragg, with barge
Tidal Wave in tow.
Stmr Point Arena, Millar, 14 hours from
Me.ndocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlg, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, 36 hours from Ven
tura.
Stmr CHco, Martin. 86 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 75 hours.
Stmr Pt ru, llackinnon. 'S£ days 17 hours and
33 minutes from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days
IS hours and 47 minutes.
Stmr Samoa, Mads^n, 26 hours from Eureka;
bound south: put in for passengers..
Stmr Santa Rn»a. Alexander. 41 hours from
San Dlezo.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Oir>sy. Oray, 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr. Marshfteld, Dettmers, 21 hours from
Hardy Creek; bound for San Pedro; put in
for fuel.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel. 52 hours from San
Pedro.
Br kHd Wavertree. Dilston, 155 days from
South Shields.
Bark St Kaiherine, Saunders, 25 days from
Hilo.
Bark R P Rithet, Mcphall, 30 days from
Honolulu.
Sehr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. 3 hours from
BollnaB.
Fchr Lily, Bottccr, 4 days from Umpqua.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
Barge Tidal Wave, Johnson. 20 hours from
Fort Braerg, in tow of stmr National City.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 14.
Stmr St Paul, Llndqutst, St Michael, via
I'nalaska anJ Nome; Northern Commercial
Company.
Br bark Woollahra. Halcrow, Eureka: J &
A Brown.
Uktn W H Dimond. Hanson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckcls & Bros Co. •
Schr Olendale. Gronvold, Klawack; N P T
and P Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 14.
U S tug Fortune. McArthur, cruise In s«arch
of derelict veeel reported off Farallon Islands.
Etmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Cooa Bay, Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, San
Diego.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen Victoria, etc.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr St Paul. Llndqulst, St Michael, Una-
Jaska and Nome.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel River.'
Stmr Navarro. Weber, Hardy Crfek.
Stmr Brunswick. EDefsen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Porno, Jacobs. Albion.
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson Humboldt Bay.
Ship Marion Chltcrrtt. Williams. Honolulu.
Bktn W II Dimond, Hanaon. Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr. Endeavor McAllen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella, Jenwon. Siuslaw River.
Schr Mahukona, Masters, Port Townsend.
Schr Glendale. Gronvold, Klawack.
Sehr Bessie K. Stark, San Vicente Landing.
Schr Confianza. Johnson, Notleys Landing.
SPOKEN.
June 26 — Lat 16 N, long 26 W, Fr bark
Joinville. from Shields, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 14. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 14— Stmr Centen
nial, hence July 10. July 13 — Stmr Montara,
hence July 10. ••¦•-¦/
ASTOUIA— Arrived July IS— Stmr Alliance,
henc* July 9, via Eureka and Coos Bay; etmr
Costa Rica, hence July 11. July 14^ — Stmr
Shasta, hence July 11.
EVERETT- Sailed July 14 — Schr Wilbert L
Smith for .
TATOOSH— Passed In July 14— Br stmr M
S Dollar, hence July 10 for Port Townsend.
Passed out July 14 — Stmr San Mateo, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco; Nor stmr Titania,
from Nannlmo, for San Francisco; bark Theo
dor, from Port Gamble, for Algoa Bay.
Passed out July 14— Schr J W Clise, for San
Pedro: schr Honolulu, for T^aunceston, Ana.
POINT REYES— Paused July 14 — Stmr
North Fork, from Eurfka. for San Francisco.
FARALLON ISLANDS— Passed July 14— U
S stmr Thomas, from Manila, for San ' Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD--Sailed July 14, 8 p m—
Stmr Asuncion, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 14— Stmr Pren
tlss, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 14— Stmr Phoenix,
hence July 12; uchr Azalea, from Redondo.
Passed July 14 — Ten miles off shore, stmr
Francis H Leggett, from Portland, Ore, for
San Frnncisco, with loc raft In tow, appar
ently all right. •
Arrived July 14— Stmr Acme, hence July 13;
stmr Arctic, hence July 13.
Sailed July 14 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Fulton, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 14— Schr Chal
lenger, hence June 29.
BANDON— Sailed July 14— Schr Ruby, for
San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 14— Stmr S«
quoia, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 14^ —
Stmr Whitesboro. from Mendocino, and sailed
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 14— Stmr
Santa Barbara, Grace Dollar and G C Lln
dauer. for Snn Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 14— Br
stmr M S Dollar, for Mukllteo.
KAN PEDRO— Arrived July 14— Bktn Mary
Wlnkelman, from Eureka: stmr Alcatraz, from
Greenwood; stmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua.
Sailed July 14— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for
Port Townsend; schr Mabel Gale, for Portland.
WESTPORT— Arrived July 14— Stmr Oua
lala, hence July 13 j irttnr Celia, henc« July 13.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 14— Stmr Sierra,
hence July 8.
Sailed July 13 — Schr Solano, for Grays'
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTOFOGASTA— Arrived July 8— A"us ship
Francesco Giuseppe I, from Oregon.
PANAMA— Arrived July 1— Stmr NewDOrt,
hence June 11.
HAMBURG— Sailed July 13— Br «blp Wen
daur. for Santa Rosalia.
HONGKONG — Sailed July 13 — Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed July 2— Br echr Maple Leaf,
for San Bias.
CALLAO— Sailed July 13— Ger etmr Hathor
for Ban Francl«co.
BRISBANE— Arrived July 14— Br »tmr
Manuka, from Vancouver.
Sailed July 13— Br stmr Mlowera, for Van
couver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived July 14— Stmr La Lor
raine, from New York.
GLASGOW— SaiUd July 13— Stmr Sarma
tlan, for Boston.
QUEKNSTOWN— Sailed July W— Stmr Oce
anic, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 14 — Stmr "West
ern! ani, from Philadelphia; stmr Ivernla
from Boston: Ktmr Ttutonlc. from New Tork!
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 14— Stmr Grda
serkurfurst. from New York, via Plymouth,
for Bremen, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 14— Stmr Al
geria, from Nanle*.
Sailed July 14— Stmr L* TOuralne, for
Havre; stmr Prinsess Alice, for Bremen; »tmr
Mongolian, for Glasgow. ,
HAMBURG — Arrived July 14 — Stmr Deutsch
land, from New Tork, via Plymouth and
Thp barkentine W. H. Dimond was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with an assorted cargo
valued at $Hi,716 and including the following:
ITS bbls flour, 3035 gals 10 cs wine, 35 bhls
pickled salmon, 3»3<)O ctls barley. 7 ctls oats,
444 bales hay, 8538 lbs bran. 7450 lbs meal,
36,444 lbs middlings, 141 ctls wheat. 8 ctls
corn, 21 cs olives, »"> cs pickles, 21 cs table
preparations. 20 pkgs paste, 1200 lbs coffee,
6350 gals dlfctillate, 2.*i pkgs soap. 8938 lbs
scda. 15 pkgs mlllwork, 19-pkgs vehicles. 190
bdls 1093 pes iron pipe, 125 bales paper, 19
bales twine, 30 pkg» sewing machines.
» ,
Shipping? Intelligence.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
At • the hour of adjournment attor
neys for the defense announced that
the defendant will take the stand this
morning and all evidence wjll be in by
noon.
Frank S. Mitchell, formerly bookkeep
er for the Eppingers and at present
assistant to Receiver Wadsworth, was
called and testified as to various par
cels of property possessed by the firm
in April, 1903. He knew of their lo
cation and area, but could not approxi
mate the total value. ¦ The business of
the firm averaged about $10,000,000 a.
year and between the months of Oc
tober, 1902, and April, 1903, It had re
duced its indebtedness on bills pay
able about $500,000. During the five
years prior to June 1, 1903, about $500,
000 was paid to various banks in in
terest.
Dr. Whitney was called, but was not
permitted to testify as to the present
physical condition of the patient.
Josua Eppinger testified that on April
14, 1903, the assets of the firm were
$1,200,000. He visited the International
Bank on April 10 and had a conver
sation with Colonel Beck regarding
loans which he afterward related to
Bernard Ettlinger In the presence of
Joseph Eppinger.
Among the witnesses who testified
to Jacob Eppinger's good reputation in
the business community were Julius
Kahn, William Greer Harrison, Henry
Wangenheim and Chacles S. Lau
meister.
"I am not sure of all I said to By
ington," answered Langton, who was
momentarily becoming more nervous,
"but I did tell him that I did not want
to testify against Jacob Eppinger.**
"How long did you work for Ep
pinger?" asked Dunne.
The witness was so overcome with
emotion at the mention of the name
of his employer, or for some other
cause, that he was unable to respond,
and in a soothing voice as a mother
would "coo" to her baby Dunne in
formed the witness that he would not
urge an answer and Langton left the
stand in a lachrymose condition.
"That sneer ill-becomes your face,"
retorted Byington, "but I do not vouch
for the character of this or any other
witness. If he were the greatest rogue
in the State I would put him on the
stand and reserve the right to impeach
him afterward. When we put this man
on the stand his mind was a blank.
Now you call him and he can testify
fr^el>."
At this point Judge Lawlor intervened
and told the witness he must answer
the question.
WITNESS IN TEARS.
"1 &m District Attorney for this city,"
rep'.:ed Byington hotly, "and as such
I need none of your advice in your
puffed-up egotistical manner."
•Ycu District Attorney! District At
torney!" ejaculated Dunne. "You are
attorney for Colonel Beck and the
banks."
"'Did you not," aeked Attorney By
fngton. "tell me in my office that Jacob
Eppinger was the . head of the firm,
that he attended to the financial end
of the business and that you did not
want to testifv against Jacob Ep
pinger?"
Attorney Dunne was on his feet in
an instant, not only with an. objection
to the question, but with a bitter at
t&d. on the District Attorney, who he
said was guily both of misconduct and
"of most outrageous conduct toward
the v.itnes5, when he should be acting
as miich as attorney for the defense as
for the State."
Calvin Langton then took the stand
and was again shown the cargo in
voice book. On cross-examination he
testified tjiat none of it was in his
handwriting, and that he had read
from it as from a newspaper without
positive knowledge as to the au
thenticity of its contents. He could
identify signatures but could not tell
from the invoices who had sold the
wheat. '
ATTORNEYS AT ODDS.
A wordy war between District Attor
ney Byington and Attorney Peter F.
Dunne for the defense was among the
chief features of the Eppinger trial yes
terday. As a sequel to the quarrel,
Calvin Langton, who had been em
ployed by the Eppingers for years, left
the witness stand with swollen face
and tears streaming from his eyes.
Jacob Eppinger, it is announced, will
take the stand to-day, and if he is all
that the numerous character witnesses
summoned yesterday say he is will
surely come out with flying colors. His
condition just before adjournment in
dicated that he was on the verge o?
another of his spasms or "spells."
Aside from showing the reputation
of the defendant for truth, honor and
honesty, the defense again devoted con
siderable time yesterday to showing the
magnitude of the business carried on
by the firm and its assets at the time
the loan with the International Bank
ing Corrwration was negotiated.
Charles Schirmer, former Assessor of
Solano County, was recalled to the
btand yesterday morning and question
ed as to the value of property on Ryer
Island. His information, being based
on hearsay, was rather indefinite. He
testified that he had assessed the Dixon
property at $12,000, but knew positively
that the original cost of the buildings
«n it was In excess of that amount.
WOULD ERECT BUILDINGS
OF CONCRETE AND STEEL
J. L. Hicks, two lot*: C. S. and E. Gervln.
Fourth street, near Townsend; Hugh Foot.
Twelfth street, near Guerrero; Ludwig se«
llnger, Sanchez street, near Duncan: Lipman
Fachs two lots on Post stre«t; Pacific Lnlca
dub. on impro\-ements: Harriet McCarthy. Ma
son and Ellis streets: B'nal-B'rlth. two lots on
Turk street: Alexander W. Wilson, twelve lots;
Lizzie Merle-Btflle Curtis estate, southeast cor
ner Kearny and Sutter streets: Benjamin UcB
tensteln. two lots; Charles Koch. Minna street,
near Sixth; Gears* Clark, two lots; Charles S.
Masulre. lot at Hayes street and van Ness
avenue; Eugenia Goas. Thirty-fourth avenue
and J street; H. Rcos. three lots; M. P. Men
del. Howard street, near Sixth.
Bridget Dillon. Sixth and Shipley streets,
from $7S5O to $5000; Joseph Huker. Jackson
street near Scott, from $15,300 to $12,800;
Isaac ' I J oly and CelU Clayberg. two lots en
Eddy street, near Leavenworth, from $T-,b-u
to $15,000.
The following were referred to the
Assessor for further investigation:
After being called to order, It was de
cided that the board simply hear the
reason given by the applicants for as
sessment reductions and then refer the
allegations to the Assessor In case he
should wish to investigate them: By
go doing the board has postponed many
cases until the Assessor has had time
to investigate them and they will have
to come up before the board at a later
time for final adjustment. In cases
where the Assessor was possessed of
the facts the board complied with his
recommendations and either denied the
application or reduced the assessment.
The board adjourned to meet this af
ternoon at 2:30.
The reductions decided upon by the
board yesterday are as follows:
B'nai-B'rith Association, one lot on Eddy
street, from $12,000 to *75OO; Pacific .Coast
Steamship Company, from flOO.OOO to $20,000.
The following applications for reduc
tion of assessment were denied:
The Board of Supervisors met yester
day afternoon at 2:30 o'clock as a Board
of Equalization to hear the reason for
reduction of alleged excessive assess
ments.
-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Du«.
Aurelia San Pedro July 15
8. Monica San Pedro July IS
Redondo San Pedro July 15
Jeanie Seattle &. Tacoma July 15 t
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. July 15 j
;Bonita • Newport A; Way Port*. July 15.
'Mongolia China & Japan July 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports July IB
Eureka • Humboldt July 15
Iaqua San Pedro July 15
Enterprise . Hilo July 16
Mackinaw Tacoma July 16
Corona... Humboldt July 16
Edith • Tacoma July 16'
Titania Nanatmo July 17
Centralia ' San Pedro July 17
Coronado ; San Pedro July 17
Sequoia I tVillapa Harbor July 17 i
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 17 |
A. Maru China & Japan July 17 !
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor IJuly 17 |
Arctic...- 1 Humboldt July 17 <
Son Pedro.. •• Humboldt . July 18 i
Argo Eel River Ports July 18
Newburg Gray* Harbor July 18
Costa Rlc«... Portland & Astoria July 18
Sonoma Sydney tc "Way Port*.. July 18
Statn of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ptl. July 18
Breakwater.. Coos Bay 'July 18
Porno Point Arena * Albion. July 19
Cooe Bay San Pedro & Way Pta.lJuly 19
Pomona Humboldt (July 10
Elizabeth Coqullle River (July 19'
DelNorte.... Crescent City IJuly IS)
Queen Puget Sound Ports IJuly 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. IJuly 20 ;
San Juan ' New York via Panama. | July 21
Centennial... t Seattle &¦ Tacoma July 21 I
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IJuly 21 j
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. ArenalJuly 21 !
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 21 j
North Fork. . * Humboldt July 22
Columbia Portland & Aftorla IJuly 23 [
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . IJuly 24 !
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. .'July 24 j
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports [July 25 ;
Totmes..... ... Seattle iJuly 25
~~ TO SAIL. j
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
July 15. I
Aurelia Astoria A Portland 4 pmlPIer 27
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. i 5 pmlPier 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor ..-.I 4 pmiPier 2
Arcata Coon B. & Pt. Orfd|10 amiPier 13 1
Redondo Astoria k Portland 5 pmlPier 2 I
Pomona Humboldt l:30p!Pler 9|
Luxor Hamburg A Way. 12 m:PierlDj
July 16. | I j
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pmiPier 2]
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .t 4 pralPler 2;
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm I Pier '£ \
Gaelic China 4c Japan 1 pmiPier 40 ;
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmfPler 20 j
Alameda... Honolulu UamlPler 7:
Barracouta. N. T. via Panama. 12 mlPier 27 |
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amiPier 21 :
July 17. I |
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports.) 9 am|Pier 2 ;
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 amiPier 11 !
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10 ¦
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm! Pier 10
July 18. I (
Chico Astoria & Portland! 6 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports.j 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt |l:3OpPi»r 9
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pmiPier 20
Bonlta Newport «c Way..| 9 am|Pler 11
i July 19. | |
Umatilla... i Puget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier 8
j July 20. |
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pmiPier S<
July 31. |
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pmlPler 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amiPier 24
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Newburg... Grays ¦ Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sequoia Willapa Harbor .. 6 pm Pier 20
Porno Pt Arena & Albion 6 pmiPlex 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 aralPler 11
July S3. I
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amiPier 11
Jnly 23. I | -
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.I 5 pmlPIer 16
Peru N. T. via Panama. 112 mlPier 40
July 24. | |
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 «m|Pier 0
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j Destination. J Sails.
City Seattle.. Pkagway A Way Ports. July 15
Tampico Nome A St. Michael. . July 15
Teftereon Skagway & Way Ports. July 16
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. July 16
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports.. July 16
Oregon Nome & St. Michael... July 18
Humboldt Skagway A Way Ports. July 18
Tacoma i Nome direct July 20
Kara lion. ....J Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Santa Clara.. I Valdez & 8eward July 23
Olympla ¦ Nome direct July 23
Notice to Mariners.
ALCATRAZ FOG BELL — CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights and Fog Signals, Pacific Coast.
3904, page 16, No. S3, and the List of Light*.
Buoys and Dajmarks, Pacific Coast, 1D04,
page 22.)
Notice is 'hereby giv-cn that pending re
pairs to the machinery, the fog bell on the
north-west extremity of Alcatraz Island, San
Franc'.reo Bay, California, will not be sounded
during thick or foggy weather until further
notice. The bell on the southeast extremity
of the island will sound as usual.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT,
Commander, TJ. S. N., Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District.
Session of Court Enlivened
by a Wordy War Between
the Opposing Lawyers
At the afternoon session White, call
ed by the defense, said that he had
been at the Nevada Stable only once
during the 6trike, but admitted that he
had been to c-ther stables as many as
a dozen times.
Proprietor E. G. Pierce and his
•watchman, J. E. Miller, were recalled
to identify White as the man who had
been particularly offensive in his re
marks regarding Miller, whom he call
ed an ex-convict. Both said that at the
time White wore a mustache. He ap
peared in court smooth shaven.
In the meantime Judge Maguire and
his clients admitted that all of the men
named were members of the union, but
when Van Ness came to offer the
records of the Police Court to prove
their criminal acts Judge Hunt ruled
out the evidence on Judge Maguire's
objection that the acts referred to had
nothing to do with the matters com
plained of by the proprietor of the Ne
vada Stable.
It was Van Xpfs' intention to prove
that Lurkhardt, the "red-headed man"
referred to as particularly obstreperous
amon? the pickets, "Kid" Egan, con
victed of assault, George Burrows, ar
rested for malicious mischief, and
William Bowen. arrested for disturb
ance of the peace, were members of the
union. Their names were not on the
list which White had in court and it
was decided to subpena Financial Sec
retary Sheehan in order to examine
the roll.
Is next to the barn, told of things he
irad observed in the conduct of the
}>ick<-ts and the crowd which gathered
on the sidewalk.
IN1OX SECRETARV TESTIFIES.
Tom White, secretary nf the Stable
men'c Union and employed in the city
Fire Department, said that his union
v as Incorporated "under the laws of
th? American Federation c-f Labor."
In accordance with the demands of his
EUbpena he had brought the union rec
ords and after a wordy battle between
thr attorneys for both sides he was
«-rd*>red to give the dates of various
ur.i.m me«tinps. Attorney Van Ness
'.'culled that Monroe, captain of pick
ed, had testified that White had been
notified by the union to "keep out"
of slugging: affairs and the attorney
expressed a desire to prove that the
union had never taken any action in
puch a case or in any other where
members were guilty of assault <rr dis
turbance.
White admitted on the stand that the
records contained no reference to any
action against the members mentioned.
Van Ness called upon him to produce
tt list of the members of the unions.
White said he had only a list of mem
bers and officers numbering fifty,
whereas the membership of the union
numbered 600.
WANTS MORE EVIDENCE.
At tbe morning session A. Rulfs,
v host r'.aco of business adjoins the
Nevada Stable, corroborated the testi
mony of othT witnesses as to the acts
<_.? the pickets. Charles Matthias, who
v ?s frequently in the neighborhood of
the stable, told a like story, and John
Dcianey, a. ralot-n-kecper, whose place
Af far as the hearing of evidence is
concerned, the test case involving the
rights of unions to boycott 'unfair"
employers is ended and next Wednes
day morning Superior Judpre Hunt
v.ill hear the arguments on the merits
ci the case of Pierce against the
Stablemen's Union, which has been in
court for eereral days j>ast. Mr. Van
>:<..--s, representing Pierce and the Clti
r as' Alliance, rested his case at noon
yesterday and Judge Maguire an
nounced that he would make a motion
iii 2 o'clock for a rK.-r.suit. It was ex
pected That Masuire would argue the
motion and set forth the union's side
<jf !he ca?<\ but he did not do so and
the court immediately denied the mo
tion.
Court Rejects Offer of Evi
dence Showing Former
Conviction of Defendants
Assessor to Make Further In
vestigation Before Final
Decisions Are '¦ Rendered
The United States transport Thomas
arrived yesterday from Manila, via Na
gasaki and Honolulu. She Is 29 days
from Manila, 22 from Nagasaki and 8
from Honolulu. The full passenger
list numbers nearly 1000 persons. In
cluding 1 160 in the cabin and 825 enlisted
men. The last are as follows: Compa
nies 10, 38, 85 and 108 of the Coast Ar- '
tillery, 304 men; casuals, 367; discharg
ed soldiers and employes, 123; general
prisoners, 25. One insane man. Captain
J. D. Cook, a former shipmaster, from
Honolulu, came up in care of an at
tendant and will be taken to the Ma
rine Hospital. Major General McKay
Williamson, depot quartermaster at
Honolulu, reports here for new orders.
Frederick W. Unger, a war correspond
ent, Is returning from Korea after the
usual troubles with the military offi
cials and press censors. P. G. McDon
nell, member of the City Council of
Manila and correspondent of the New
York Sun; C. F. Stone, editor of the
Manila Times; Dr. and Mrs. H. A. Eb
berly and daughter of Jolo; the Rev. F.
M. Price and wife from Guam; Chief
Engineer D. D. Wilson of the United
States ship Pompey; Brigadier General
and Mrs. P. M. Coxe from Honolulu;
Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Lauchhelmer
of the United States Marine Corps, and
the family of Judge F. N. Powell of
the Manila civil government, with
about thirty commissioned officers,
were among the passengers.
Frederick W. Unger, the home-com
ing newspaper man, echoed the plaint
of all the returning war correspond
ents. He was unable to get near the
firing line and was only permitted to
view the progress of the war from a
long distance. The top of his head is
shaved in the Chinese style." This is a
feature of the disguise he adopted in
'his attempts to get into the zone of
conflict. He says he joined the Hung
Hutsus, or Red-Haired Bandits, who
are Chinese -irregulars now in the Jap
anese service. He drifted around
awhile with these fierce barbarians, but
his companions never seemed anxious
to get within lancing distance of the
equally fierce Cossacks. When he
heard that Etzel, another correspond
ent, had been killed by the Chinese
soldiers, he decided to get back to civ
ilization and severed his connection
with his red-haired friends.
A story was started on the Thomas
that throws a shade of doubt over the
Hung Hutsus part of the narrative.
According to this story no Chinese
bandit ever saw Mr. Unger's head
shaved, but the trick was done by the
transport's barber after he had come
aboard. Passengers also declare, that
Unger intends to lecture in connection
with his coming book on the situation
in the Far East. The passengers re
peated the tale under their breaths fore
and aft, but Unger laughed at the re
port and dubbed it nonsense.
When he boarded the Thomas at Ma
nila he found no accommodations for
extra passengers and took up his quar
i ters in a large stateroom which had
I one occupant. Soon after entering the
; door was locked and he learned that he
was fastened in with Captain J. D.
Cook, a violently Insane man. Unger
was badly frightened when he was re
leased next morning. Somebody had
told the attendant that Unger was
crazy also and must be watched con
| stantly.
I The Rev. F. M. Price, from Guam,
gives a few interesting items concern
ing that mid-ocean station. The isl
and's population numbers about 10,000,
! of whom 1300 are children between the
ages of 5 and 13. The crying' need of
the island is education. There are no
schools and the Gpvernment appears to
be lax in providing these for its child
wards. Under the Spanish rule the peo
ple were always illiterate and Uncle
•Sam seems to have done nothing Jo
change that condition.
An important discovery has come out
from the East. Surgeon H. A. Ebberly,
stationed on the island of Jolo, has
found the cause of the spread of
dengue, the malarial fever of the Phil
ippines. It is simply the mosquito— the
same noxious insect that has been
found to be the spreader of yellow fe
ver in Cuba. The doctor has prepared
I and forwarded a voluminous report of
his important discovery to the surgeon
general in Washington.
chartered prior to arrival for wheat to Europe
at 20s Od.
The British bark Greta ' Is chartered for
grain and merchandise to Liverpool at 23s,
with option of London at 24s 3d.
NONSIIT IS DENIED
NEW 3IETH0D ADOPTED
LACHimiOSE WITNESS
Cherbourg; stmr Patricia, from New Tork,
via Dover
Movements of Steamers.
Large Passenger List of Returning Officers and Enlisted Men—Im
portant Discovery ' by Army Surgeon Regarding Spread of
Malaria— Two Theories as to a Correspondent's Shaved Head
Attorneys for Jacob Eppin
ger Say the Aged Defend
ant Will Testify To-Day
Taking <>f Testimony Fin
ished in Suit Against the
Stablemen's Organization
Board of Equalization Has
Third Meeting to Decide
on Assessment
SUPERVISORS
HEAR CLAIMS
GRAIN BROKER
TO TAKE STAND
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT
THOMAS COMES FROM MANILA
UNION CASE
TO BE ARGUED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 35, lQOi.
Xhe French bark General de Boisdeffre was
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
11
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OS" THB
WEST.
Over 24 Post at.. San Francisco, Cal.
Estab. 40 years. Open entire year, day & nlfht.
TTrlte for circulars <fre«).
YONMEYEKINCK tSr^J&FV?
KAN FRANCISCO. Established 189.-5
Pre-eminently the Lirgett and best
equipped school on the Pacific Toast — offer-
ing all the advantages of Eastern an<l
Enropean conservatories for a thorough
musical education. Prospectus upon ap-
plication. Visitors to the World's Fair. St.
Ixrals. are invited to examine the exhibit
cf the school. Educational Bullrtlnc Cali-
fornia School Exhibit.-
New Quarters: — More Space
PIUSB UOOM3.
Just moved Into our new rooms; new fire-
proof btilHlnic. 3 elevators, electric lights.
¦tram heat. Do more for students than ever
before. . This Is the colles* that secure* sa
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
, T33 Mission St.. Near Thfrd.
Polytechnic Bttsi-
-j^^j^^gjnjjpjs. nesa Colleje and
*SpS*Q Sl!^-^F^^\ School of Enyi-
ttjajKW&tRwtt*' ne « rin «'- Oakland.
I J !3BJLBBfeyV5tlKroTFt^' * nc ' '"Kine'rrir.? west
low. Write for fre*
100-page catalogue.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Seminary course accredited ta the universi-
ties and leading: Eastern colleges; rare opportu-
nities offered in muiiic, art and elocution. Thir-
ty-ninth year. Fall term opens August 10L
190-1. Write for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE: P. P.. CAL,
THE LYCEU/V1.
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Is well
known for its careful and thorough work. Corns
and be with us; we prepare you well: refer-
ences. Pre#ident Jordan or any Stan'ord pro-
| fessor. Phelan Build In*.
L. H. ORAL'. Ph. P.. Principal.
HA/VILIN SCHOOL
ATO VAH NESS SXMXTTAB-jr.
1849 Jackson St., S. F. Boardine and day
school for elrls. -AccrfdJted by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music. Reopens TUESDAY Autust
9. 10<M. SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND. CAI..
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August I,
10W. BRO. ZCNONIAN, President.
WPCTCDU Thorough business course. Eng-
MLOILIlil i !?h bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
' DllCllirCC lthmetlc. algebra, etc.. Civil S«r-
EUjIflHoO vice. Individual instruction. Po-
sitions for graduates. 6 mo. <day>
¦dOIIFfiE *-" 0: Eve School. S mo.. $24.
UULH-OL 1107 Market St.. cor. Seventh.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL POB GXBX.S.
2114 VAN NESS AVE.. opens Aug. IT.
Home and Day School. Accredited by leadin?
colleges. For catalogue address MARY B.
V.'EST. Principal. Kindergarten. Applications
received between 1 :3f> and 3 :3l> p. m.
- c* ' An enrollment of
RtiCtllOrfVlOw 450 ttudents tells
.. - : -. la the atory of our
S ' fVCCC. tuccess:new bulld-
"'wNl tTig - new ideas.
lOlIC CvCJ wholesome colleg*
V**" "—^ life; Cataloxue,
625 Golden Gats ave.. S. F.
BOONFS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
BEBXSX.XrX'.
BEOPENS M02TDAY. AUG. 8.
P. B. BOONE.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTINGTON'S. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School in America.
New Term Begins MONDAY. Aug. 1.
PAY AND EVENING CLASS.
SANTA CLAKA COLLEGE.
Santa Clara, Cal. .
Studies will be resumed on Tuesday. August
2. For further Information apply to REV.
ROBERT O. KE.VXA, S. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school for b«ys under 15 yrs.
cf age. Studies commence MONDAY, Aug. 1st.
1SHM. Send for prospectus to Bro. Genebern.
OPTICIANS EAKST $10 A SAT.
dfjffjffgjMrSj Individual Instructions; also
! /GglrT^gfaSfc ma" course. Cal! cr writs for
«F**S!Sfcr^l prospectust CLISE OPTICAL.
f^*fc§ay^ INSTITUTE. 10C5 Market «t..
, ' s *g3^S^ r S. F. Ey« examined free.
Hitchcock Military Academy
BAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on August Id
Apply to ths Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladlaa and
little girls. 2126 California street. Will reopen
August 1. 1904. Accredited to the universities
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Auj.
17. ARTHUR. CROSBY. D.D.. Head Master.
imujim}.** <>• j" y i ' i Is the most praotl-
[g^n]*^ft*2?^f*«*^5 cal; recommended
KJr%g<aPIHy&iJtfa b^ expert court re-
E35lx»C«tff3<?n$3l porters. Send lor
yMUi&Mgj&y^ Catalogue. 1332
* a^ w "'" M " ' Market St. S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON. CALIFORNIA.
Holds pre-eminently the confidence of 1U pa-
trons and the loyalty of Its pupils.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
..^-— »--» Bcheol for boys; 14th year
MnlTT J v beelns Au? - yth; '<"¦*« «»d
H 1 1 1 I I A stronger faculty thaa ever;
II U I 1 I W perfect sanitation: illus-
trated catalogue. W. J.
MEREDITH. Vlc« Principal. Menlo Park. Cai.
THE UHTVXXSZTT SCHOOX*
2310 CLAY STEEET,
Will REOPEN on August 1 w!Ui
BERT X TUCKER. M. 8..
Principal.
COLLEGE 07 HOTBE DAME.
BAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boardine
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical.
Literary. Scientific, Conservatory. Coll-f*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday. Aug-
ust 2. 1804. - sf
PALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
Stanfcrd University — Boys and young mta
prepared for Stanford, Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages In Modern
Languages and Higher Mathematics. Fall term
begins August 22. For catalogue- addres*
MATNARD SH1PLKT. Palo Alto. Cat
f> r> TT O TJ 17 O FOR BARBERS. BA.
KKlJ^rili^ kf>r " bootblacks, bath-
iPUUUUUW houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannery
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe- factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BXTCKAITAXr BROS..
Bru»a Maauf actazcrs. 603 Sacnuntxito St,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J\ BUY a GOOD*
J Pocket Knife';
;? for *I2°' <
y~ You can't get a better
£•>. value for your money any-
» where. Has two or three
. I blades, comes in several
v ' Etylfa of handle, including
4 : pearl.
/ r, EZCHAUrOE TOTXB OLD
\ j ] RAZOii for a new one. I
j ' will make you a liberal al-
• c lowance for it. I've good
| j 5 Razor* hi low a* SI .OO
I* SCZSSOSS and other lines
£ of good Cutlery at my usual
'* low price*.
¦/¦% eazoe STSOPS, from
; 2JW? Up.
*£ Razors honod and ground.
tL*. Hontd for i£."i««,
Vr Two barn Williams' Shav-
inr Soap. 1 f»e.
Order by mail if you're
! out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
l 'r«V F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1003 MARKET STREET.
Above Powell,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IK A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1G0UA-
• tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodiEiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both s*xe*.
The Mexican Remedy for IHseates of the
Kidneys and lil&dder. Sells on its own merits.
NABEIt. ALF8 4t BRCNE, Agents.
«28 Market «.. 8. F — tSetnl lor Circulars.)THE SAN CALL, FRIDAY, .JULY 15, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JA PANE3E~an<J Chines* employment of3e»
supplies best help promptly; city cr country.
S. IMURA. HZ* Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — Of J PMCUM Employment Offlc*— Japane»«»-
Chlnf«<? help. 426 Powell «t.;je!. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlc-— Best help at
L*on Keung's. 411 'j O'Farrell; tel. East 42a.
JAI'ANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frit* Tam*gaki. mgr. ;tet. Bush 83».
nELl A BLfT Japa neseTch In *ss Employment Of.
lice; Mil klnfls help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
T>l. Main 1007. BRADLEY U CO.. 640 Clay.
FJII'LOVMEST WA.\TED— KEMAIK,
SCANDINAVIAN, young woman, flrst-clasa
cook; alro German cook; also Scandinavian
paslor maid and waitress; also French parlcr
nial'l and waitress; all nlc<» girls; wish situ-
ations. See J. F\ CROSETT St. CO.. 334
Putter st. .
; A — GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for mea.
country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
A — WAITF-ESS wants position, hotel or restaa-
rant. city or country. 324 Mason at: paona
Black 2C3«.
AMERICAN woman, has ch!!X good coe*.
wants work, country. 224 ilasoa; phon*
Black 238«.
HOUSEKEEPING by E-stera woman ; •ldsrly.
1 capable and r%li_bl«; neat, good cook, plain
laundress, experienced with children; refer-
ences; wage* $12. Box 2230. Call ors.es.
TOtTNO lady (German) would llk» a •itaatloa
aa companion or to tak* care of children tor
parties going to Europe or East tn «xcliaag4
for expenses. Box 2223. Call oJ_c«.
_3_DERL.T reliable woman wanta position;
general housework: good plain cook; first-
class laundress; best references. 914 Howard.
A WOMAN would Ilka washing and. ironing or
cleaning by th« day. Address Laundress,
968 Mission t.
TOUNG lady wouM like position at of3c» work:
understands stenography: position desired
more than salary. Bex 2223. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer. several
years' experience, desires position: refer-
ences: $12 a week. Box 1022. Call offlce.
¦WANTED — Position by flrst-class bookkeeper:
thoroughly competent: 7 years' experience;
flrs-t-class references. Box 2224. Call of3c».
COMTETENT young girl wishes position at
second work cr general housework In family.
2970 Twenty-sixth St.. near Bryant.
GIRL wishes position at light housework ta
small family of adults. Call 2330 Larkln gt.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants work by
the day. washing. Ironing or house-cleaning;
$1 50 and carfare; also cars for children
during parents' absence evenings BOc. S3
Valley St.. bet. San Joss and Dolores.
WANTED — By refined American lady, position
tn assist with housework and cooking or car*
for a child; sleep at homo. Address L. B.,
1042 Larkin «t.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation aa
housekeeper for widower that has children;
wages reasonable. 127 Second st.
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wlsi.ea position as working housekeeper; take
full charge; very fond of children; last placa
7 years, wages $25 up. Address box 31 17. Cail.
EXPERIENCED teacher wishes situation;
coache3 public school pupils in all studies:
day or evening; arithmetic; foreigners taught
English. MRS. M. K. SMITH, 813 Pine at.
DRESSMAKER— Good fitter, euttar and de-
signer: will so out by the day; $2. 1423
Pest st., near Octavia.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagement* by day;
will go cut. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 1480.
• A YOUNG Japanese g'.rl wante to work for a
small family in city. JEN NT IK3A, 9C3
Sacramento st.
JAPANESE honest girl wishes situation to d»
plain cooking, washing and housework In
small family. S. Y.. 879 Hkpw st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Dur.can & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
run nriir'iT n^iTrn malmi
A SITUATION wanted by a first-elan poultry
man: understands incubators, brooder*, etc
Atply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacra-
mento »t.
WANTED — Position In Alaska or Philippines:
surveying or mining. A. J. IN GA I. Ij6, 1017
Iigi.ih.im St.. Los Angeles. CaJ.
EXPERT mechanic, tool designer, etc; 10
years in charge; high-grade Eastern, refer-
ences. Box 1951, Call office.
AN experienced all around metal worker and
metal polisher and especially in soldering
metal, opeaks German and English, would
like position: will start at moderate w%gej;
can furnish bond If necessary. FTUTZ. 3
Carolina, place, nr. Powell and Pacific sts.
GARDENER, first class In all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's grounds, wishee position on private
place; references. Address W. N.. box 2217,
Call office.
NURSE (male) wishes case; eight years' hos-
pital experience; thoroughly understands
*ork a:»d can suDply firat-clasa references;
massage; willing to travel. Box 1763. Cail.
MECHANICAL engineer and draughtsman
wishes employment; experienced in designing
and operating engines, boilers and general
power plant work. Box 1920. Call.
GERMAN man and wife desire positions on a
ranch; competent to take charge of fruit or
ttock ranch; gocd workers and reference*.
Address box ir>o7. Call offloe.
A BARTENDER. German, sober and trust-
worthy. want3 position in city saloon or ho-
tel: go^d rwommendations. Address CHAR-
LEY HUFFMAN. 310 Jessie st.
POSITION as cashier or any oth-r ktnd of liyht
work wanted by married man. 29; steady,
sober; security. Box 1770. Call office.
CUTTER and tailor (3S) desires position; city
cr country; New York references; free triai.
Box 191rt. Call.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation In a grocery store and bar-room;
Krst-cla^s references. Box 32S4. Call offlce.
WANTED — Positions by two plain carpenter*.
Box 1767. Call offlce.
A COMPETENT shipping clerk desires a posi-
tion: 12 years' experience. Box 1953. Call.
Painter, paper-hanrer. sJgnwrtt»r. wants work:
tools Tar. 1272 Folsom st.; phone Mint 131.
CHINAMAN, flrst-class cook. *»#t reference,
wants position for family without t ihi-*
work. Address box 2231. Call offlce: tele-
phone between 1 to 3 p. m.. China 116,
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation tn .%-,
housework or plain conking: city or Oakland:
speaka English. -1C3 Dupont st.: t*l B!a"k
1»44.
JAPANESE couple want positions; man Is
cook and wife for wait at table: wages $30
'and up. F. FUJU. 533 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE good cook wants position In small
family as cook, general housework: wages >7
week. If. T.. 1617 Geary st. ; phone West 97.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do house-
work In family; small wages. U. TORI V DO
420 Powell j,t.
A YOUNO Japanese with references wanta a
position as schoolboy la country; permanent
Aptly S4? Bush St.
COMPETENT Japanese, first-class cook, desire*
a position in private family: wages $S week.
I. FRANK. 130J Post st.; phone Polk 2157.
YOUNO Japanese boy who speaks good Ensllaa
wants situation aa schoolboy in family In
city. S. K.. 507 Larkin st. Phone Larktn 1194
NEAT Japanese desires a position as schoolbov
In small family. Address S. KONDOH. 121
, Ilalght st.. Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE strong boy wants position aa store
boy or any kind work; time. a. m.; speaka
Ensllsh. M. KAWA. 121 Grant av«.
JAPANESE, honest boy. waiter or dishwasher;
good help. bet. 5:3O and S p. — 1. S. G.. CO
Larkin st. : phone Larkin 1758.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy in good place. 807 Polk St.. T. FUME.
YOUNO Japanes* boy wants position as school-
boy In good place. S07 Polk St.. T. FUME.
JAPANESE wants a position aa sen oolboy.
Address CM.. 811 Stockton St.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. H. TASAKA. 725 Geary st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Chorch sts.
FXTRXITURE FOE SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 80
down and $1 SO • per week. T. Brilliant' a
Furniture Co.. 340 Poet »t.. near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk nr. Market
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices!
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchangM.
Barser. 439 Valencla.nx.l6th.TeLCtinrca 3379.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR Sale — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
in the, Mission; a great bargain. Address
box 221S. Call offlce.
FOR rent — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 230
Lee a\e.. Ingleslde.
SUBURBAN COTTAGES FOB SALE.
FOR sale, cheap — 5-rootn cottage in Corte Ma.
dera; superb view. F.J.Reinhardt. 339 Kearny.
l.«>Oi;i>(J-H()lJSK.S KOll SALE.
A— CAMERON^CO^ FholiT~S^mh~lo5o
'A Kddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kind* of Business Chance*.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare cbance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of th* house; other busi-
nees interests demand immediate departure.
18 roonia: rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house: reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease>..clearn $400 to 5600 per
month; one ot the best buys in the city.
14 roonis; rent only $57: oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $330 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat: rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
S2 rooms; cheap rent; -2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything
In first-class condition; wood furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $->00 to $350 per month;
here is beet proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern fiat, clcss in,- well furnished;
cost $00u; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $.'500 per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California: must leave city.
17 rooms; rent oniy $70: fine little apart-
ment house; sickness ; must eell: snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long leaie; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing Moo to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; flue proposition ;
good lease. ,' -
ISO roonis: crand, new, modern apartment-
houne; eletantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per
month; close in; full nice people; bargain If
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; ft years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish.: this little gem at bar-
i gain on account of sickness.
'28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trad* for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of, real estate, rooming-houses j
and business for exchange or trade; always on :
hand. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
THIRTT rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500 ;
28 rooms; all men roomers, low rent. . 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient. 6000
81 rooms, rent only $55..... 500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient. 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouse and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged, t .
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
H. C. DECKER has ' 110-r 9o*m house. 2 blocks
north of Market; new, modern and up-to-
date: long lease at $5 75 room; owner open
for an offer. Full particulars from DECKER,
006 Market st.; phone John 531.:
MITCHELL t CO.. 1206 Market St.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms. large list to select from.
LODGING-HOUSE. 36 rooms, for sale; central
location; well furnished; light rooms. Box
3274. Call offlce.
SEVEN-ROOM transient house for eale.- 131
Taylor «=t. ¦ ¦ '
24-ROOM. housekeeping house; great bargain;
account sickness. 743 Eddy st.
FOR sale or exchange for real estate— 20 rooms,
rent $10; with lease, $450. M7 Howard st.
LODGING^HOUSES FOIt SALE— Col.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg . over- Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3b07.
Rooming houses and hotels for sale.
CO rooms: corner house; new; above ordinary
In modern conveniences; elegantly furnished in
mahogany and birdseye maple; clearing $260
mo.; 14000 cash required. MARION GRIFFIN.
130 rooms, new, modern hotel; if you want
a bargain, get particulars at once. M. Griffin.
4* rooms; guaranteed to clear $200 per mo.;
$2000 cash; get particulars. Marion Griffln.
14 rooms; corner house; an Ideal home and
money maker; owner sick in country: must be
sold at once. See MARION GRIFFIN.
70 rooms: 2. 3, and 4 rcom suites with baths;
beyond question the most magnificently furn. '
apartments in city: for price, terms etc.. see ;
my exclusive agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
$:;r.00 buys this week only 80-rocm house;
newly furnished; In splendid condition; every
room occupied by steady roomers; rent J250;
long lease: profit $250 mo. Marlcn Griffln.
24 rooms: all on 1 -floor; always full and easy
to take care of; for quick sale reduced from
$1500 to $1000; Vt cash for a bargain: see my
only agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500: 33 rooms; beautiful corner house; part
cash, balance to be paid out of earnings of
house, which Is over S.TOO per month. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
$1800: 22 rooms; corner house; rent $110; run
by present owner 3 years; Ideal home and al-
ways sure to clear more than $70 every mo.
MARION GRIFFIN.
5200 cash is all you need to buy IS rooms
with almost new furniture; where on earth can
you beat this offer for a business that Is clear-
ing over $65 per manth. MARION GRIFFIN.
If you are looking for a hotel", lodging-house
or apartment-bouse, it will pay you to see
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40*1, Examiner bids., S F.. Cal.
45-ROOM corner house: $125 rent: steady and
transient trade: my failing health only cause
of golUnc. Box 2^99. Call offlce.
CtOTglWC ZBWO7ATIWQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
KDUCATIO\AL.
A BIGGER .school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
irt., between Third ami Fourth; more acace;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and sec. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
Vtake active management. Combined course
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage- !
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, U02 Van Ness: finds employment;
day. ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
ua. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres. •
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGER 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, taych typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electficlty.24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school. of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
YOUNG man can secure a business or short-
' hand course in exchange for a little work 1
dally. S. F. Bus. College. 7SS Mission st.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs.; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln..mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. IStM. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
particulars. 53t! Parrott building.
ISAAC Pitman' Business College. 345 Halght';
individual instruc; all branches; day; eve.
WESTERN Business College. J107 Mkt.; com-
plete course, 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; private.
, CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-oase cataloz on reaueit
SPIRITUALISM.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, srand materializing se-
ance; Friday eve.; 5<V. ¦ 32S Ellis st.
Mrs. E. IS. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2043.
MRS J. J v WHITNEY, business medium anJ
life reader. 1200 Market Et.. Gait House.
CLAIIIVOYASTS.
AA — Call at ence and save $4.
My famous ?."> readinss this week for $1.
PAUL I>E?TINE.
Th? First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist/Ever in fc'an Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true cr false, whom and when
you, will marry: in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition «o ycu will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and boilily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business* mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in ycur nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one ycu
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
mairlage with one of choice. 10 a. m. tn S
p. ni.; closed Sunday. 326 OFarrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not be relief to know
liow you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better successT
Then f»r reliable reading go to Livingstone,
42b Eddy st. : three Separate reception par-
lors: lady attendants: hours 10 a. m.-8 p. rn.
CAGLIOSTRO. the mystic. Just arrived: this
famous ad?j>t teaches the ancient sciences
which give power; classes or private; sit-
tings |2; If sick or Jn trouble, call. 3CS
Geary st. /
MISS ZEiYDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I corre-.'tly treat your lov? affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. an<1 financial success: , names;
I... 50c: G.. $1. 71 1 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian sferess. The Vendome. 1101
Market St.. San Francisco. Offlce hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 3. Phone South 1141.
A— Hiss M. Wille. 3.'!0 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal sccr and llf» reader, will tsll you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
' tion; names given; special. __j hours It) to 8.
Mrs.A.H.Krofcenberg. palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader: when others fall try m?:good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel. Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advlcs;
names glven:2.")c up. S35 Howard. bet. 4thi5th.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age. 12C7 Market St.. room 11.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card r»ad-
«r: tea leaves; 25c up.' Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, date*
facts: readings daily. 017 Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
DEATISTS. ~~
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — CannoT^eaK?:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plate*. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24* Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 Market. nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar*
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grand building. 1093 Market. 2d floor; all
flrst-clas9"dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns.$2 up: flnings.25c.
AIiL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r. 14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.- O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. *2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSBS
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaltlng. Stew,
art's butt en & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
THE CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
johx 31cxat:ght. . .^^^jLi^SHgE
\Y. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A»k for THE CALL The Curator 011 "
nect Tcu With the Department lou W isn.
Publication Office Market ar.d Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per ]|>Ve*k. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies.- 5 £ts.
Terras by Mail Including Postage iCash Wltn
"Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year. .*S .m
DAILY CAIX nnc'.urt. Sunday). 6 mos.. vw
DAILY CALL— By Sir.gi« Month o <«^
FUND AT CALL. 1 Y^ar •¦*}?
FOREIGN I Sundav. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1 wr-ekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
>T.T. POSTMASTERS ABB AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Banjila Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
v»ii eubecrtber* In ordering change of ad-
£reu ahouia be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
¦prorapt a_4 correct compliance tcith their re-
«ue*t.
OAKLAND OFFICE*:
X01« Broadway Telephone Main 1093
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£148 CMsttf Street Telephone North 77
TTABHTNOTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAITUEX. VT. WALL Hotel Barton
XEWTOEK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
t:_Km Eqnare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel *rd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eheraan House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Treirort Hcuye; Auditorium
Hotel; Pairaer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marrj-jette Building
fLoag Distance Telcrbone. 'Central 2C13.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTTJFHEN B. SMITH 30 Tr.hure Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
EASINESS OFFICE of the San Francleco
Call, corner Market a=1 Third streets: open
nnril 12 o'clock every right !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?:
1095 Market street, opposite. Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Haves street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C3» McAllister street: Open until 9:3'» p. tn.
til*! L6.rt;!n street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market ftreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
lOfl Etevcatk street: open until !> p. m.
J096 Valencia street ; r.pen until 9 p. m.
ICorthesft corner Church and Duncan streets;
<^pen until 9 p. m.
?»orthweBt corner of Twenty-eerond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until Op. m.
520^ Fillmore street: open until ft p. m.
KEETIgG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. T. _£__*•
—No assembly THIS EVENING. ir*r
CHARLES M. PLUM. Com. IBgl
T. L. HENDERSON. F.cccrder. V W
1 ~ZH— »
PACIFIC L^-iFe No 130. F. and A. M-.^rSf
meets THIP EVENING. 7:.",0 o'clork. ~¥\
3 D GEORGE PEN'LINGTON. Per.
APOLLO Lod?# No, 12". I. O. O.
F. — Feccni fl>gr»e TUTS (FKI-._ShBSS*R
PAY) NIGHT. July 15. S o'clock ~?i^!fc£ii3
tharp. Visitors «oli<-1ted. -:-**&*?*•
ARTHt-R BEHREND. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSP. Ret.-. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. cf P.. <£X*
rreet? THIS FRIDAY at S p. m.. V^g>V
Pioneer building. 24 Fourth Ft. Es- TJ^fi?
<;-jire rank. Visitors Invited. _??Sc
F. O. MOLL. C. C. -*~"^-
R. N. McLENNAN. K of R. and S.
El'REKA Lodge N"o. !>. K. of P.. P09 -£X*
Mark«r ft.. m<"ts TH1? 1 FRIDAY)
EVENING. Knight rank (amplified -S3?
f?rm> A fraternal welcome to A>vSir
brother knieht<=. W. CRONIN. C. C. ' c -*^^
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R. and P.
GOLDEN CITY Ledge No. fi3. Knights
e.f Pythias, will confer th»> knight t?- "?& rf
rar.k «lon? fcmi> on FRIDAY. July iW>*
IS. 1JW4. Castle Hall. DOT' Market st. Jgt^ZxL
Members and visiting kniphts are *=-*^^
cord!fiily lnvitM.
T. H ELKIN'GTON. C. C.
ED M. COrTET. K. of R. and S.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. >^_S^^
K. O. T M.-RfWif THIS £g£-~!&ck
(FRIDAY) EVENING at f? £?33 *>' £3&
cvi-ck. Pioneer Hall. . 21 UT>j B*J «M
Fourth' st. tV'^wa!
D. E. RICHARDS. J&SvtSScV
Record Keeper. >^i2i££5'
CALEDONIAN Olnh— R'rular meet- "
lne and "iadie*:' night." Members rv Jj,^
and tbtlr fainil>« ar» re^u^sted to vJjYt;\j'
attend rpen meeting FRIDAY "^S*^
EVENING. July 15, at 8 o'clock, Scottish
Hall. 117 Larkin st.
A It. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DtrNCAN. Secretarj-.
SOITHERX PACIFIC COMPANY, offlce of
Fecreta rr. N"«w York. June 15. 19Oi. Notice
to stockholders.
To the ettckbclders of Southern Pacific
Ccrr.pany:
Notice is hereby riven that the board of
<tre<-toT6 of the Southern Pacific Company
Bt a rr,<-etinsr this day held called a Fper-iai
r^e^tirg of the Etockho!aers cf faid company
to" convene at the olflcc of the company in
Btechmont. J^fferfcn County, Kentucky on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July 1904.
Kt 11 o'clock a. m.. ttandard time, to con-der
end act upon rey/.utions to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the form
er<1 to the effect following, viz:
"Resolved <1>. that the capital stock of the
Fou-.t-ern Pacific Company be increased on«
hundred m-.m.n dollars by issuing one mi:iion
tdduionsl shares of the p^r value of one Inn
£rf<5 dollars each.' " "
•T.^rolved <2). that the fald Increased etock
rhill oe preferred nock; that the holders of
ruch preUrr.-J -tock shall- be entitled to divl-
<:e=os m each f.tcal year at neh rate not ex-
ceeding wven per cent per annum.' payable
?emi-irr.ualiy cut cf the net profits. s£. Uall
b« S rM ty ih^tord of directors. b^foVe
ecy dividend thai! be declared on the common
*lr,ck: that fucU .iivider.ds fch^ll be non-c^mu
iative; that the holder* of ruch preferred btotk
C&] npt toy virtue thereof be entitled to ary
OtbtT cr further share of the profits of the
rojupany; that. u;>on the dissolution o' )hl
rospaa7. voluntarily or otherwise, the hotderZ
rf preterred Etock shall be entitled to hav*
tb«",r ehareg redeemed at par before anv di«
iribuuon of any port of the assets of the com"
j:«r.y shall be made to the holders of the com
r.,on stock: that preferred stock *haM^
Issued and sola from time to time to such
HftCBEtl and in mch manner \g the board of
directors may amhorize and determine, but
at not less than the par value of the eha-«-
XY.it it *ha:i be comcrtible into common **£*
thare for there at the cptlcn of the bolderi
et sr.y time; et.d eha 11 be redeemable at the
cprjon or the company on or at any time after
the firrt <ay cf July, law.jaad belore the tim
Star's pe^ha^V 1 CDe tUn<Jre<1 and «^»
"Resolved <3). that the board o* dlrertnv.
•hall be and they .re hereby authoVd to'e^
Tsblish. from time to time, and enforce »m
•uch rule« ar.d rerulatlom respecting the u-
*u*.. eal». rwiemption and conversion of such
rtock. not lncomistent herewith, as In th«
Jucrnient of the board may bo necessary or
For the ptirpcse of such special meetinr the
neck transfer of the company will be
C_M_3 July 14 15)04. at 3 o'clock n m and
reopened Thursday. Juijr 21. laot. »tio o'clock
ALEX. MILLAR. F-crctary and Clerk.
EPRECKELS Eu^ar Company. KOa»tCT ny?-
ANNC AJ. # MEETING -"rh?' re^jlar a^nuM
rneetinz cf the stockholders of the Epreckels
Sojar Company will be held at the offlce
of the company. 327 Market 8 t., S?Z Fran-
rlwo. en -MONDAY, the 25th izyotJuW
'-&W. at tne hour of 11 a. m.. for th. pur-
loss of electing a board of director* to ¦ we
S 7 iSl^SffJJ?* * n<1 f °5 the tranEactUn
*>'. euch ctbr husinera as rfay cora e before
she meeting. The -tr*n*fer books will ro«
on Friday. July 22. 1IK4 at S p \a
W. H. HANNAM. SecreUry.
ilOXTEREY County Water Company. Notice
?«-"!Tf. U ?i ? t 2^r7I t * IT|fular a "nual meet!
trig of the rtockholder* of the Monfrey
«ounty Water Company will be held at the
of fire of the company. 327 Market st ein
J-raucieco. on MONDAY, the 23th dir Tf
July. 19C5. at the hour of 11:30 iT m f or
«.he purpose of elcctine a board of directors
:o; »*rve for the enculnr year and for the
transaction of euch other business s« may
rone befor* the meeting. The transfer book.
. - will ctoe on Friday, July 22. 19W, ot 3 p rn.
W. H. HANTCAM, Secretary.
THE annual tneetir.jr of the San Francisco 80-
ciety for tbe Prevention of Cruelty- to Anl-
rnals win b* held tn the Parrott building on
, MONDAY. July 18. 1904, at 4 o'clock p. m!.
when a board of trustee* will be elected
C. B. HOLBROOK, SecretaJT.
.BPSIKESS CHAyCBS— -CojatliinejU^
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddv «t.. cor. Market and Powell. ¦
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
FOR sate — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnisnea and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade^ — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED to exchange income property in Ala-
meda for stoc 1 * of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO..3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc-. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddyv
. -j
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
roomlog-houees and business chance*. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
FOR exchange^ — Lot. 25x128. with cottage.
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks, everything flrst-clasa: on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale— First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona. flds proposition; rood
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
FOR aale cheap to-day^— Saloon license; coma
early. 1007^ Market St.. room 1.
$350 WILL eectir« a llfMong position and ln-
oomo of £90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present fncome can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1OO7V4
Market «t.. room I.
$400 — PARTNER, also partner manVifac bus.
$3500^ — Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good barg.
$225-$30fK) — Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$850-$SOCO— Saloon with lease; good bargain.
$S50-$5000 — Grocery & bars; stand lnvestig.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny at.
FOR rale or rent cheap — A hotel which is
practically new; capacity 20 rooms; unfur-
nished: nil modern conveniences; located in
the village cf Freestone. For further infor-
mation apply to I. T. WARD. Freestone.
Sonoma County. Cal.
WELL-PAYING eld established art and curio
store, centrally located, beautifully equipped;
will exchange for country property; must
eell at once, account severe sickness; no
reasonable offer refused; Investigate this.
Addref>3 Box 3255 Call offlce.
$400— RESTAURANT; factory dist.; long lease]
Grocery and bar at Invoice; snap.
$1HH> and $500 — Swell flats; Van Ness ave.
$5i\> — Grocery and liquor store; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate co.. 1015 Market st.
BAKERY anJ lunch parlor; 2 wagons: fi years'
lease; baking over 10C0 loaves dally; cash
business $70 per day; $2000, half cash, bal-
ance in trade. Address box 1254, Call office,
Oakland.
FOR «?ale — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS rear*' standing: selling on account of re-
tiring from bu?lne?s. For particulars In-
quire at 1 1!> Front st.. between 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m.
$400 — OLD established cafe and restaurant;
gmirl trad"; seats 50; 4 private rooms; rent
$26; fixtures cost S^oO; good reasons for sell-
ing: pee owner. 8PO Valencia st.
FOR sale — A good paying saloon, lunchhouw*
and bowling alley; proprietor goe« to G?r-
many; no agent. Inquire at 36 Geary St.,
room 45.
fiOC— OYSTER and chop house: must be sold
account of ticknesa: nr. Examiner building;
private rooms; 2 entrances. McNULTY.
759 Market st.
$l"50 — BAKERY In prosperous mlnln? town;
3 horses. 2 wagons; receipts $35 per day:
rent 530; l^ase; no opposition; triai given;
everything complete. 87 Third St.. room 14.
FOR sale In a rood town In Alameda County
licfl o! 2'2 bedrooms, parlors, dining-rooms,
cariroomp. barroom,, etc.; rent 550; Income
$000 per month. Address box 32W. Call.
I WISH to pel] my half-Interest in grocery and
bar and family li'juors on a good corner In
tbe Mission; average daily sales $37 50; price
?1050. Address box 3137. Call offlce.
A— $2r>0; PARTNER wanted in light business:
must be Fatisfi°d with $15 to $35 a week.
231 Post st.. room 6.
SScOfl INTEREST in absolutely safe, profitable
business ; reference required: no agents; ad-
ditional capital for expansion. Box 1921, Call
WANTED — Steady man for steady place; will
pay $fK> a month; cash required $250. 632
Market Et.. room 6.
Established hardware and paint store In bu«y
location, San Francisco; small capital. Call
or address Owner, 971 Broadway. Oakland.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure parlors on
leading street; clears $.00 month; must be
srlr". on account of departure. Box 1773, Call.
GROCERY for sale; good trade In a gro». .ng
r.eighborho-jd: will sell reasonable; sickness
caut". Address Box 1446, Call offlce.
WOOD, coal and hay yard for sale In good
location in the Mission; established 14 year-
Address box 3261. Call offlce.
$2."i0— PASTRIES, notions & confectionery,
laundry agency; 3 furn rms and basement;
electricity; large stock: fine trade. 625 Taylor.
FIRST-CLASH delicatessen; fine location; will
sell at great sacrifice. See- owner, 403
O'Farrcll st.
FOR sale — A large tiakery In country; clears
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
fold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226.
Call effice. Oakland.
FOF sale — Chfap; saloon and 4 rooms, all fur-
nished, and kitchen; centrally located- city.
Call at 409 Sansomc st.
PARTNER, with small capital, for oyster
house: good stand; good locality. Addrssi
box 1243, Call offlce. Oakland.
FOR sale — Cigar store and laundry branch, slot
rr.achin*: ccod established trade. Box 1S32.
Call office.
CORNER grocery: bar; fin» fixtum; long
lease; low rent: doing good business; bar-
tain If sold in few days. D.. 3153 21th »t.
A CORNKIt saloon for sale, with 7 living
_ moms; a long lease: no agents. O.'IS Bryant.
SMALL, select stock millinery fixtures car-
pets, etc.; must be sold to-day. 234 Powell.
YOUNG man With $100 to buy half" Interest in
pcod paying business. 917 Market, room 1.
FOR tale — Corner saloon, with lease; best buni- :
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th. !
$350 — DAIRY and delicacy stores, with living
rooms. 3T9 Hayes et.
FOR sale — Lodrting-house and restaurant. In-
fiulre 310% Folsom st.
RESTAURANT for sale In* Western Addition;
good location. Box 1811, Call nfflce.
$450^ — ELEGANT candy anrt Ice cream store;
living rooms; tent $35. 210 Fourth.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard. Ad-
dress box 31:82. Call office.
FOR SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties
Rninjr East: corner Duncan and Guerrero.
FOR SALE— Saloon. Call at WesUra~Rubber
Stamp Works, 521 Mission 8t
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Opt until 11 p. m. ¦- - '
n nATi xg awd cleaning.'
COMPRESSED Air and""Tactru^~p7oc'e7r~now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are nlso
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. • S. F. . Compressed Air Cleaning
-Co.. 308 Market «t.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. . 'Sy -.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteentn~/t~^FIrst-claa3
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
AVKSTE RN Carpet Cleaning Works^lSOO Har-
rlton st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating. WoVks
333 Golden Gato ave. Telephone East 128. '
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating: mat-
• tresseg made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVA NCE Carpet Clean In g Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384.- GEO.WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO..«-arpet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
cojCjiJECTiOTT or ness.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; conectlons^rnadT;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. • Main 6580.
, CTTKES BUPTIiBB. . .
HUNTER'S positive Rupture Holders, $10; n©
discomfort. 1206 Market Et. ; send for circular.
MEET1XO XOTICES Continued.
AVNTJALi it leettne — The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
inoUve Works — The annual me«tlr.jr of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Lioco/no-
tjve Work*, for the election of trustees for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be .brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 293 Steuart street. San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 1st day of August.
3304, at 11 a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGE^S WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell our hiffh-grade nur-
*ery rtock; liberal corr 1 mission; cash advanced
on orders' oatflt free; experience and capital
not ntceerary If you have push and energy;
a few choice fields Ptlll open: write before
assigned. Chlco Nursery Gq.. Chlco. Cal.
ATTOItNE YS-AT-LATV.
R. W. KING. AUorn-y-at-Law, Exam, bldff..
Cth floor: entrance room 611 ; established 15
jvars; a!l cas'P, general court and offlce
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel Red 3«0l.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining companies organized :patents obtained;
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market »C; eatab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis »t.. 15
3— s. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE3 — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless buc-
ce*tful; cpen eveninps. 927 Market, room SOI.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fe«s or
costs in advance: all law business; offlce
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: all cases.
Room 485. Parrott bldg.. 855 Market wt.
L.. B. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
fr*e; no fees In advance; open eronlnrs.
PATENTS and pensions— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & PENSION AGCY.. 214 Pln^ 6th floor.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — Bargains In 1003 autocar. Plerca
motorette. two-cylinder Toledo with ton-
neau. White Stanhope; any reasonable cash
offer considered. WHITE GARAGE. Mar-
ket and Franklin mp.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand White
Stanhope automobile in good running order.
Address box 3290. Call cfflce :
FOR sale — A runabout automobile; nearly new;
first-class condition. Box 3190, Call offlce.
POPE Toledo car for sale; reasonable. Box
S26S. Call office.
FOR sale — A Rambler touring car. Box 32«S.
Call offlc-;.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: 10c. 25c We 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
llOAIiniMi FOR CHILDREN.
A TOUNG woman with fresh breast of milk
would like baby to nurse at her own home.
67C Noe Ft., between 19th and 20th.
A LADY vlsbe* to take care of children at
her home; reasonable. Call at S."C> Mission
Ft.. In basement.
BOOKS.
DALY & CUR RAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 2CG Powell st.. to S57 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 51S0O; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 Ftables, etc.;
a well-advertised and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 'M\i Kearr.y st.
A— JROOO; CORNER salocn, v.ith 4 years'
lease; about = 2 block from Market and Ellis
sts.; place do.ns a rushing business; value
in eight; owner must leave for the East.
_ Se° K. G. WILKE, '^V, Kearny st.
A— $450; BARBLR shop; 3 chairs; established
6 years: best location en Geary st ; che^p
rent. Particulars H. G. Wilke. -J6H) Keatny.
A— SS5Q, CORNET- saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
*t? ; a gcod business; owner engaged in
other business cauEe of rale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2»SVj Kearny at.
A— $2<i00; CORNER Ealcon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-dats paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
2Cij Kearor «t.
A-I10CO; HARE rhance. rare chanc-, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; daily re-
ceipts $25; rent $31; good business; value.
In sight; ratronlzed by best class of people.
Sec R. G. WILKE. 'M^ Kearny St.
A— Jiorxv SALOON In the Potrero. with 6
rooms; rent $ 50; place established many years;
good burners; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny E t.
A— JSOO; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent f.V); place doing a fine busineas; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. "WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A— $4500; SALOON, located In Watsonvllle;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only Ealoons allowed in the
tewn. - Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26>^
Kearny et.
A— $1:500; LEADING hotel In the best business
town SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-rcom; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R G.
WILKE. 20 Vj Kearny st.
A— $0500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trad»; rent $30; 6 years' lease; value In
figlit; one of the best offers In Santa Cru»
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. '26V4
Kearny st.
A— $2250: PARTNER wanted In one of the
bes-t paying corner ra loons In this city;
daily receipts about $40; place clears net
above SHOO per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. ZHft Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER i=aloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease: net rent $:«: location
first-class and a fine paying business; will
ttand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 la Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
. Stockton ets.; rent $150: lease: place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call' R. G.
WILKE. -MV, Kearny Et.
A— Jll.OOo: BARROOM; owner never clears
lets than $1(MM> per month: location and
buEiness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26>4 Kearny st.
A— flTf.O; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitcner. and '-Hi rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 28 H
Kearnj- ft.
A— $3000 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of in health of owner See R G.
WILKE. SeK Kearny st.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
r". A. BARR, Manager,
Suite 607-808 «'«I1 Building.
Buy, sell and exchange high-grade fur-
nished apartments and leases; also turnished
hotels; promote any proposition of actual
merit. We have special advantages in tms
i.ne and can certainly prove of service to
you. We deal only in desirable properties at
r.-asonable prices ar.d oUen can offer genuine
bargains. Call for particulars.
IMPORTANT to apartment or rooming house
owners — \\ e have a cash customer who wants
to buy the furniture and lease of a Wtll-
Jr.rated apartment or rooming house; wants
from 40 to 100 rorms. with modern conven-
$1000 to SfcOua Write full particulars or
«r"fr me 6oon as Possible to THE
ctn^^ XCHASQE co - 8Uite 8OT - 8 <*
1 ' .
44 i Rf i OiI w a l"» rtn "nt-house, with 12 private
baths; best lighted and most conveniently ar-
ranged !n the city; desirable location; well
furnished: rent only $210; lease; price only
f^ : r a i craee 0VPr '« 00 P*r month net
pror>t; keeps full during rummer seahon For
particulars call on REALTY EXCHANGE
CO.. f uite 807-S08 Call building.
$900— OYSTER and chop house; choice located;
average daily receipts $27 60 now; fine pay-
ing buwlness. Merchants' Agency. 100S',& Mkt.
*-S2?TH^ s I A^" RANa; ' C0ffee and lunch Toom *;
established 13 years; run by same party 4
llv ng rooms well furnished; rent $50: cause
ticKneag. Merchants' Agency. lOOSlj Market.
$900— BEST paying delicatessen store tn liveli-
est part of city; daily receipts $if>; will stay
r%, f^S.^. buslnpss : value In eight. MER-
CHANTg AGENCY, 1003% Market St.
$350 BUYS. a well-paying branch bakery anj
f.T.'^SS; en Btore: des 'rable location. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1008^ Market st.
HA i > ' DWARE and P alnt business, established
*6 years by present owner, will be sold at
Invoice, on account of failing health
HAWKS & MEHRTENS? Seventh and RaiU
road ave.. Alameda.
GOOD paying bakery; fine store trade; for
S?i? T " Ji.'F'? 1 s »crlflce. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
$100 WILL buy a good paying restaurant
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Sevlnth rt Md
.Railroad ave.. Alameda.
CANDY business; Powell B t.; within block of
HotelSt. Francis and theatera; valuable lo-
cation; eplerdid opportunity;' business estab-
• llehed; expensive fixtures; $3000; other inter-
em. Addrew Box 1744 Call office.
<tE> LITTLE "WANTS" OFTEN
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS FREE
-¦-- ' IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ,
BE SURE TO GET ONE OF
Walker's Self -Pulling^ Corkscrews
Se« I You don't have to ' , lll} » . , ,111.1. iHilLiyJIML'iliiiiy'i.Fi fT'in* - / " *— — -win-- 1
pulL A chili can do it* /Ji^HiT^lF^y^^ / • \
No agitation of contents. _j _R M ac *-* O I /
No overflow of twttic y, J jW^iSi W OCfc-SPv-f 1^
Removing Seals* j?j g$f k <*f N
_M^^^#/ FAT1HTO. /<3< tothcl^
WF^^&P$§^ REMOVES ALL KINDS OF STOPPERS AND / XrY^\
_fl|j CUTS THE WIRES. /
rfl **** TURN THE SCREW UNTIL CORK IS OUT. / • /
|'ff| • NO PULLING REQUIRED. /
8'! I SUPERIOR QUALITY. /^^
Removing Aluminum Stopper. ' TESTED AND WARRANTED. /
Premiumo can be obtained by presenting advertiaemants at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES:
I v 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. I
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:20 p. m.
j 300 Hayes str«*)t; open until 9:30 p. m. 1
JR 689 McAUister street; open until 9:30 p. m. I
ffl 815 Larkin street: open until 9:39 p. m. fll
k\ 1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. lk\
n\ 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open, until 9 p. m. /|\
fj=si 105 Eleventh -street; open until 9 p. m. 1-=-
[|yjj| 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. Nfc_J)
\,j Northeaet corner Church and Duncan street*; open until I p. m. \ii
\J/ Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open untH 9 p. m. \l/
\|/ „ J200 FiUmore street; open until 9 p. m. 11/
I OAKLAND OFFICE: }
1016 Broadway . — ...» «..--... Telephone Mala 1«83
I BERKELEY OFFICE: / . i
2148 Center Street.. .—-....Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: -
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,. JU£Y .15, 190J.
13
HKLl' \\ ' A > T Kn— MALK--Con.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 25c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
or advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half |
price. 5C3 MUslon st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. T»G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AJVD WAGOXS.
FOR sale— 9 head of horses from 1000 lbs. to
IKOw lbs.; all broke, single and double; Just
from country. 804 Devlsadero st. ¦
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
. Folsom st. ¦
BAY horse for sale; weight about 1150 lbs;
perfectly sound and gentle;. 7 years old. Box
32S1. Call office.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
VERY pretty little saddle mare; young, sound,
gentle, 2010 Mission st.; phone Capp 5593.
FOR sale — A very stylish saddle horse; single-
footer. Box 3221. Call.
BUSINESS buggy for sale. Box 3283. Call
office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1815 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys. bUKgios, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving hones. 15th-Valencla-
IIOL'SES TO LET. #
A— PRINTED list of houses to let:send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET FUKMSHED.
FURNISHED house to' let; 8 rooms and hath;
convenient to car lines; nice garden. 2963 i
Washington st. / ' ',
HOUSES KllKMSHED FOR SALE.
COZY flat: 5 room*, bath; completely furnish-
ed; cheap rent. 1204 Guerrero st.. flat A.
EIGHT-ROOM furnished house for sale; in
Western Addition. Box 3298. Call office.
i.\ viiyi'AmN'i's.
A-^6 PER CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 j*r cert and Participation in Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
EAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
70S Market st.. S. F., Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Ma«rulre, ex-U.S. Congressm'n
Kon. Eiiw. K. Taylor, ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock 4 Co.
Allen M. Clay, Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard, General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See clvldend notice In this Issue.
nrvAr.n> chaibs.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel.Park 775.
LOST AXD KOU.V1). "
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— Amethyst stickpin at Tlvoli or on Mc-
AIlister-Mrett car; keereake from departed
N parent; liberal reward. 801 Scott jt... corner
Fu!l«n. or phone Page 2346.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JACOB STEINER; No. 210,-198.
The finder will please return to bank. '
LOST — Lady's watch; "Emma" on face. Re-
turn HAMAN'S Pharmacy, corner Ninth and
Mission tts ; reward.
GOLD rimmed spectacles, en Larkln St.. be-
tween Kills and Golden Gate ave. Please re-
turn to C34 Polk st.
LOST — Knight Templar badge Finder return
to UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st., and
receive $5 reward.
JULY 9, on Washington st.. a gold watch.
Owner can have same by calling at 51 Jack-
son n.
LOST — Gold locket, email diamond, monogram
J. E..C. : liberal reward. 218ti Post st.
LOST — On Height -»t. car, July 9, eult case.
Reward at 111 Eighth St.
LOST — German daschhund, black and tan, mere
pup: liberal reward. 2355 Bush st.
LOST— July 10, lady's breastpin, dagger and
crown. 1005 K st.. So. S. F. ; reward.
LAPgcaEiTroB' htbe.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
Bt. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 531.
J. Mlehaelis Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursion-'. 5 Steuart st.;tel. John 2CS6.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKEI
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ! phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relref
from Irregularltlee consult me; my method»
are painlesa and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable, specialist for all fe.
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008Va Market et., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at BUA
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 13 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
M I XES AX tT~M I X I X G
WANTED — Parties to Join in placer and
quartz gold proposition; can be readily in-
vestigated. Call or write 225 Parrott bulld-
ing. city.
MISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOS1I & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
; Repair it tvith elatcrite. In rolls easy to lay-
needs no paintlns or coating; good Over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st,
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers pumps',
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
FOR sale— 10<x> cuckoo clocks, elegantly carved-
good time-keepers; nice for presents; tradi
•uppiled. J. B. WHITNEY. 120 Sutter St.,
room 12.
' A — FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig^
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.
near Bu»h; open to 9 p. rn., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water plpo, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly~or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery St., rocm 12, upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert ana Tuxedo
nults to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton Et. •
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. "*»
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental~parlors
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton s>t '
t'pstalrB. - '"
ALTERATION «alc— Best . 82 50 hats7*$rco" v
Popuiar Price Hatter, SCO Kearny st., near
.. Pine; open to 0 p.m.; Sundays to noon.
I'ERSCI>.M<« Cnntfnnert.
YOU can buy ?75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down anU $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT,
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
BEST white lead. 7c per pound;, special to
painters. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverso.lUO Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor,- cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafnes9 and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C0 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.', 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently !
from East. 510 Eddy st. ; phone Polk 4611.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market et.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOX9.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021*$ Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 V* Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four yearn at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at €67 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Lt Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
¦WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
Dr"wong HON. 319 Powell et.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
The secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from January 1, 1904, to July 1. 19O4:
Catherina Mendeza. 2 yrs.; Annetta Mendoza,
4 yrs.; Mary Koenlg, 11 yrs.; Alexander Con-
way, 9- yrs.; Addle Conway. 8 yrs.; Berdine
Conway, 5 yrs.: Willie JdcLaughlln. 7 yrs.;
Edward McLaughlln, 5 yrs.; Juanlta Rui3s, 11
yrs.; Flora Healey, 4 yrs.; Margaret Healey,
3 yrs.; Leona Healey, 2 yr». ; Addle Healey, 5
mos. ; George Nolan, 6 yrs. ; John Nolan, 5
yrs.; Mary Clark, 10 yrs. 6 mos.: Agnes
Clark, 9 yrs. 8 mos.; Annie Clark, 7 yrs. 5
moa ; Catherine Clark, 6 its. 5 mos. ; Madeline
Clark, 2 yrs. 5 mos. ; Margaret Clark. 11 mos. ;
John Arrausez, 8 yrs.; James Arrausez. 6 yrs.
4 mos.; Winifred Fay, S yrs.; Sherman Fay,
6 yrs. ; Eugene Phillips, 5 yrs. ; Reymond
Phillips, 4 yrs.; Gladys O. Pyles, 6 yrs. 9 mos.:
Lillian Ranken, 7 yrs.; Mary McClellan, 10
}T3 5 mo. : Glady M. Connolly. 1 yr. 7 moa. ;
Kdna Phillips, 8 yrs.; Kred Farry, 7 yrs. fl
mcB. ; Albert Farry, 6 years 11 mos.; Louise
Farry. 3 yrs.; David Farry. 1 yr. ; Annie
Wilson, 3 yrs. 9 mos.; Francis Wilson, 1 yr.
9 mos,; May Compton, 6 yrs. ; John Comp-
ton. 4 yrs. : Alice Zoe Gere, 7 yrs. ; Olive
Anderson. 12 yrs.; Leona Anderson. 11 yrs.:
Mystery- Anderson, 10 yre.; Basllne Anderson, 9
yrs. ; Louise Anderson, S yrs. : Monrlck Ander-
son, 7 yra; John Cherille, 8 yrs.; Louis Cherille,
5 yrs.; Eleanor O'Brien, 3 yrs.; Joseph Lewis,
6 yrs.; Antone Lewis, 5 yrs.; Annie Cosgrove,
7 yrs.: Joseph Cosgrove. 4 yrs.; Lena Elster.
9 yrs. ; Oliver Eleter, 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; John
Kelling. 6 yrs, 11 mos.; Violet Lejghton. 5
yrs. 9 mos. ; Irene Leighton. 4 yrs.r Raymond
Lelghton 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Ethel Johnson, 9 yrs.
« mos.; Ellen Gettenby, 11 yrs. ; Reta Get-
tenby, 1 yr. ; Mabel Delorey, 6 yra. ; Edna De-
lorey, 3 yrs.; Walter Delorey, 1 yr. ; Florence
Wall 5 yrs.; Edna Tead, 7 yrs.: Francis Mc-
Donald, 10 yrs.; Camella Mendoza. 11 yrs.:
William Mendoza. 6 yrs.; Patrick Murphy, 5
yrs. 6 mos.; Hazel Young, 4 yrs.; Lena Tara-
brlne, 2 yrs..; Laurence Peters, 7 yre.; Frank
Peters. 5 yrs. ; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs. ; Harold
Ferslon, 2 yn». ; Manuel de. Lemos, 5 yrs. (>
mop. ; Norman de Lemos, 4 yrs. : Viola Kelly, 11
yro;; Willie Kelly, 6 yrs.; Walter Brown, 8
yrs.: Antony Simon. 1 jr.: Llllie Gannon, 7
yrs.; Charley Gudierrez. 2 yrs.; Elizabeth
Woods. 2 yr3. 4 mos.: Alice McNesby. 5 yrs.;
Ellen McNesby. 2 yrs.: William Edwards, 6
yrs. 2 mos.; Carrie Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrude
Carlson. 9 yrs. ; Edward Will. 4 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Catherine Newman. 10 yrs.; .Elsie Murray, 11
yrs.; Roy Elster, 3 yn».
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1, 1004. to June SO. 1904. the following
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Samuel Jacobs, aged 7 years 11
months; Sarah Stein, aged 5 years 8 months;
Ida May Wolf, aged 8 years 11 months;
Rosa Levin, aged 5 years; Louis Menzinsky,
oged 10 years 3 months: Millie Goldstein,
aged 9 years 2 months- Lewis Freeman, aged
7 years; Abraham Freeman, aged 9 years.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The "Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address tn tha
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. »
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.: storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 4.1; tel. South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery'
»t.. tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest .rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Ifi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
. Typewriting Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 503 Market.
VIAVI.
MOTHERS' and daughters* home treatment;
booklet mailed free: correspondence invited.
VIAVI CO.. 2.*>0l Van Ness ave.
niVIDEXD XOTICES. '
clare1viont~oil~co^
1904, will pay a dividend (No. 2) of one (lc)
cent per Ehare On its Issued capital stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday, July 26
1904. at 1 o'clock p. m. "
On August 20. 1904. will pay an extra
dividend of one He) cent per share, on Its
issued capital stock. Transfer books close
Monday,' August 15, 1004. at 1 o'clock p m
Poyahlo at Its office, room 731 Mills build-
ing, San Francisco.
• GEO. J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
' DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National BanK
of San. Francisco, at a regular meetins
cf the board of directors of this bonk, held
July 5. 1904. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30," 19W. at the
rate of .seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able, on and after the 15th inst.; transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 10th
Inst.. botfe days Inclusive.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Ean Francisco, July 5. 1904.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, filth floor
Mutual Savings Bank building, 70S ilarket
»t.. opposite Third— For the half year end-
ing June SO. l!)04. a dividend has been de-
clared 'at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
? tlflcates. free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
| JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashtftr.
5 proposals!
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 12. 1904~^Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will he received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27, 1904. and then
opened, for construction of wharf at . Dis-
charge Camp. Angel Island, Cal., Including
coal- shed thereon; Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole or In part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S v PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General. Cblaf &uaxtarau£tM.
REAL ESTATK CITV FOR 8AIB.
GANCO. GUNZ & CO.,
634 MARKET ST.
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. -
A BIG SNAP. A BIO SNAP.
Nos. 112. 114. 116 Chrl Bt.. near Cole: take
either Halght cr Ellis st. carsi, transfer to
Masonic, which passes tha door; three elegant
flats; rents $63tt a year; lot 25x137:8 feet:
beautiful surroundings; agent on premises all
day: price $«250.
GANCO, GUNZ &. CO..
634 MARKET ST.
WHY NOT OWN A HOME?
Here is a chance to get a fine building lot in
San Francisco; splendid marine view; no
sand; city water; church and* school privi-
leges; 20 minutes to center of city; 6-mlnute
car service: only $125; $1 per week; no In-
terest. ALTADENA INVESTMENT SYN-
DICATE, room 312 Mutual Savings Bank
bldg.. 70S Market st., San Francisco. Cal.;
phone John C071.
FIRST time on the market. 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner 18th
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; Just the place fcr
houses or fiats; only $00 per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
ATTRACTIVE old English dwelling; Just com-
pleted; 9 rooms and bath; choice location;
beamed celling; wills paneled in natural
woods; open brick fireplace; window seats,
etc., a thoroughly swell home, complete in
every particular; terms to suit. 905 Ashbury
St.. take Halght or Ellis transfer to Ma-
sonic ave.
$1 25 PER week; no interest; lots In th« Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to buljd your llttls home-
on; close to electric cars and school.
Xt, J.. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
ON ELEVENTH ST.
FOUR FLATS— $4250.
Rent $42 50 per month; a snap.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$250 DOWN and $20 per month; cottage, 5
rooms and bath: 219 Twenty-seventh st.
$500 down and $30 per month; house of 8
rooms and bath; 5 rooms; rents for $25
per mo. D. COFFIN ft CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap— Neat cottage, 4 rooms and
bath: lanre basement; , terms same as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army and
Condon sts.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost ofiuild-
lngs and part lot. Manhattan Savlng/Bank,
107-8 Crocker building. T
THREE swell new flats for sale on SE. corner
ISth and Diamond sts.; builder on premises.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATe!
$950 — 3-ROOM cottage and 5 lots In Elmhurst
on easy terms. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
MEAL ESTATE Constry— For *»'*•
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues, sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANX
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE S07-SCS CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Dcn't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer in ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
euro an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property tn the Rus-
sian River sectiCD; Berkeley property con-
sists of 9-room residence, lot 45x134. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; In desirable residence seotlon;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dres* box 4927. Call office.
IF YOU HAVE PROPERTY FOR EX-
CHANGE. CITY OR COUNTRY. IT WILL
PAY YOU TO SEE P. C. LASSEN A CO..
466 TENTH ST.. OAKLAND, CAL.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONE block of, lots in the Harmon estate; 4
blocks west of Key route; two 6-room mod-
ern cottages; street work all done. C. R.
HARMON, agent. 3124 King St.. Lorin sta-
tion. South Berkeley.
2230 WARD et.— 2-story 6-room house; lot 40x
135; street work complete: must be\sold.
1903 Virginia St.— Lot 40x100; street work
complete Call and inspect.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AM1 RF.AI. EXTATB.
I HAVE Just completed two new houses, situ-
ated at 1063 and 1005 Market St.. near
Twelfth. Each house has 7 rooms, bath,
plate-glass 1 windows, open plumbing and
finished in llnwood, oak and mahogany; very
central to both local trains and schools and
business center. I MUST SELL ONE OF
THEM AT ONCE and will make price- very
low and terms easy. They are open for in-
spection daily and you will find the owner on
the property. IF YOU WANT A GOOD
HOME at a low price and on easy terms,
now is your chance.
FOR sale at a sacrifice — New. modern house of
9 rooms: everything first-class, including
- fence and lawn; lot 50x100 ft.; owner built
house; elegantly furnished; will sell all or
part; easy terms. 656 Brockhurst at., near
82d and Grove sts., Oakland.
FOR SALE— By the owner, a modern 8-room
house; close to Santa Fe station, between
San Pablo and Grove sts.; on sunny slda
of street: sun in every room; east and south
bay windows: a bargain. 823 Thirty-fourth
St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE , FOR SALH.
TO-MORROW tivT day for bar^alnT'ln~furiiN
ture. II. Schellhaas,llth st..cor.store,Oakiand.
San Francisco Advertisings.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKBEPIXa
FI-.LL, SOti — Suite of rooms; sun all day; grand
view; housekpg. privileg*8; upper fiat^ reas.
HAIGHT, 222— Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms for couple; phone; references.
Call^l to 4 and 7 to 0 p. m.
HARRISON, 749 — $11 and $12 suites complete
for hgkp.: gas, laundry; 1 front tunny na|&
HOWARD, 2381 — Furnished suite, or half cot-
tage; yard, bath, etc.; $12.
JESSIE. 333 — Bunny front room, furnished
housekeeping; gas range; $3 week; others.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Neas and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms: reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pln« —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suits; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKlN,1007.cor.Post— The Cragburn. H.Bur-
Hngame.prop. ;rms.. single & hkpg.apartments.
MCALLISTER. l»07 — 2 nicely furnished large
bay- window rooms and bath; gas and coal
stov«s; German family; $10. I
NINTH St.. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms*
running water: bath; reasonable.
OAK, 117. 538 McAllister— Rooms, complete*
I 45 t<» S12; sai range, hot b»th; adult*.
HKLI" WASTED MALE — Continued,
A— MURRAY *&~REA"DYr«4-«JB CLAY ST.
Phone Main 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We sneak the* German, Frunch, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1MB We Gave 193* We Hope to
&.'.000 Mei# Work. Increase C0.0O0.
6ANTA FE R. R.
ICoO Miles. FLORENCE. ?10 50.
ARIZONA.
Via Pit-scott. S P. M. dally.
Drillers. J3 to $3 50. Center
Tcarm-ters. fJ to $2 50. of
Laborers. $2 to $2 50. Great Minos.
COOKS.
Cook. mine. Fifklyou Co.. boss here. $35 fd.
3 cookz, b. ardlng liftr-ls, 540 ar.d $">5 found.
4 d:th and pot washers. $25 and $30 found.
IVAlTEhH.
Handy r.-.un. city hotel. $40 fd.
Waited arm woik, Vresno Co.. ?40 fd.
2 waiters, commercial hotel, eouth. $30 fd.
WaStf-rs. fare |2, same place. 845 fd.
o waiters, eitjr hotels, S. K., $.10 found.
o porters and bellboys
LAUNDRY HELP.
Rody Ironcr. country, fare §1 25. $10 week.
Ironex, i>ol!sher. country, fare $1 25 $15 wk.
Mangle hand. $10 week
MECHANICAL.
VI oodwerker. country shop
Wheelwright. $3 50 day.
Swamper and chain tender, woods $45 fd.
14 lnborers, lumber company. $C0 and $30 fd.
ro an w, saw > f r - edgerman. $40 and found.
18 sninjlers. different country Jobs.
MOLDERS. y
C iron moldere; boss here.
ci1v T>e $4 e d- 8 - nd cablnct * rnaker ' sUlr building.
Shingle Jointer. lumber company, Sonoma
county $30, $35 and found.
4 plumbers, $4 day. country.
_ . CARPENTERS.
W heelwright. carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 90c. $i day. '
LUMBER. ETC.
tianr eSgerman, lumber company.
Spool tender, lumber company, south. $50 fd.
12 cojpers. s'.ack work, steady. 10c barrel.
C sa&h and doer hands. $3 50 day.
2 lumber graders, boss here. $»O.
Lumber grader, bocs here. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $i0 and found.
Gang edgerman. lumber company, $75.
« men. make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boes here. $50 found: 'X screw turners;
2 carriage setters; hook tender; 5 shingle
packers; sticker hand.
Laborer, do litUe butchering, mine. $32 50 fd.
Uang charrial burners 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $.i0 and $:>5 and found.
12 farmers. $30 and found.
13 choremen. boys. $30 to $15 and found.
12 stablemen. $30 found. $C0. $75.
3 haytoak-rs, ISc ton.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
LOOK.
15 laborers, city, boarj ycarselves, $2 25 day,
:s brick wheelers, south. $C7 50. *
22 laborers and teamsters. $2 and $2 25 fd.
12 laborers for mines. y.>u'H suit. $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County,
$50 and found. t ¦
Ml£_RRATT & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES~$4 60
By «anta Fe R. R., S p. m. dailjr.
K>5 teamsters, $60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay st.
BIX carpenters, railroad and bridge work,
lumber company, north. $3 day.
Wheelwright, lumber company, *$3 50 day.
Experienced nallei*. city factory. $2 25 day.
4 painters, papf rhangers. 8 hours. $3 day.
2 laundrymen. hotel. Country $45 found.
MINERS.
IS miner*, gold mine, boss here. $75.
Rudder for a nursery. 10c fare.
Married man and wife, care of residence.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare $1, $C0 found.
£!augr.ter-hou?e butcher, fare $1, $10 found.
Bartender, city. $12 week; bowling alley
man.
FOR COUNTRY HOSPITAL.
Man and wife cook, country
MURRAY '& READY, O34-636 Clay st.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
25 laborers, $1 7o day.
AGAIN LOOK.
25 laborers, ppecial company work, office fee
only $1. $67150.
MURRAY" & READY. C34-C36 Clay fit.
TWO typewriters to fill in addresses; our cf-
flce. MURRAY & P.EADY. «34-<i3i* Clay et.
WANTED — Good opening for a man with
tome experience in Insurance; on salary. Ap-
ply at ii>o:n Ki Macdonough building. Oak-
land, 12 to 1 or 5 to 6 p. m. MR. LYON.
BARBER wanted lor Saturday and Sunday.
41 O'Farrell Ft.
BARBER wanted. 229 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted. 39'j Turk st.
BARBERS for Friday. 6 o'clock; Saturday and
Sunday; steady. 250 MlFsion st.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st.,
near Washington, Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted fcr Saturday and Sun-
day at 504 '4 Broadway.
GOOD barber wanted; call after 9 o'clock.
023 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; on account of
health. Box 2235. Call.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop; no reasonable offer
refused. 10tK> Valencia st.
TWO bra«s molders wanted at the J. ROY-
LAND Brass Works, 112 Main st.
MAN sell goods and collect; $18 per week.
HIS Market st.. room I.
WANTED — t first-class carpenters; finishers.
B. J. DUFFY. San Mateo. Cal.
BOY — Machinist trade. 256 Fremont st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1006 Mission s^
WOODWORKING machin= hand for furniture
factory. 2147 Folsom Bt.. near Eighteenth.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
bundle wrapper. Apply HALE BROS., be-
tween 0 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Young man who has had some ex-
perience In dress goods and sllka to accept
a position in Sacramento. Apply at HALE
BROS., between 9 and 11 a. m.
ALL
Men to learn tht BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required: positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
AN experienced, sober." industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department In a store
situated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1802, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $500 to take half in-
terest in vaudeville show under canvas:
ready for road. Call between 11 and 1 o'clock
Vi(i Ninth et.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade:" Coyne Bros Co. School of Practical
Plun'birg; send fcr catalogue. Address 49*3-5
?:«5ton ave.. St. Louir. Mo.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particular*. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RolWn, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new moms to the Denver- House,
217 Third Ft.; 2T»0 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
HANDY German, business bartending; expe-
rienced; references; no other need apply. Box
17(S», Call office.
WaNTEI> — Sttady man for office; light work;
$60 month; J15O required security. 1221 Mar.
_ ket St.. rocm I.
FOR Sa'.e— Country hotel barber ehop: near
city; so n-nt; price $S0. H. BERNARD. 104
Seventh i<t.
MEN and women to learn barber trade in five
weeks; r.nr method. HAIGHT. C47 Com-
merclal st. : paid while learning.
T *J Y . oUr men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 «0 pair; foot-form thoes at $200; we pay |
express cr mail charges. 11 8d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED—A flrfrt-dafs barber at Plaia~Bar~-
txT ghep, Oakland.
W A NTED— Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition in s. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
ABLE college men and high school graduates- i
apply mornings. 320 Post st.
GO °? Paring barber shop for eale; cheap.
3147 Twenty-fourth st. -
2-CHAIR fcarber shop for sale: price $123"S
takea in $ij a week. CtiO Folsom st.
FOR sale— 2-chnlr barber shop; living rooms
Ccr. Sixteenth and Mission sts. ™> om »-
BARRERS— For eale. good~liay|n^ ehop in
country; snap. Inquire 2yj2 Mission st.-
A profitable outing; pick hops in August Write
E.CLEMEXS HORST CO.. 122 Battery «t.,S K
LABOR dcbfl— collected: suits, attachments
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy. r . 415.'
SAILORS «nd young men (green hands) for
ship*. HALLBERT. C17 Jackson et. »
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r.40, Phelan bldg
Past Com. Gco. H. Tbomai Pest. G v A. R. 1
TELL OF GREAT -NEEDS <e>
M1SCKLL.\.\EOI'S FOR SALE Con.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ELASTIC stockings, $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
FINE Jersey cow for sale. 443 Sherman St.,
©ft Telegraph ave., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
FIREWOOD; large load; $2 delivered. E C.
PITCHER. 6th and Hooper; tel. South 375.
FOR sale — First- class new bricks. Apply DR.
_C._C O'JDONNELL. 1021% Market st.
2000 FEET patent chimney pipe; second-hand
lumber of all kinds at 8 Valencia st.
ANTIQUE mahogany furniture at 1517A San-
chez; always on hand ; cheapest place to buy.
SCHOOL book3 bouRht and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store, 61 McAllister st.
HOMERS. Runts, Runt crosses: Al squab rals.
ersistamp for cata. C.Wilgon.229F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers, new and tecond-
. hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market et.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
ealupt, moved to 7S6 Mission' «t.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B^BECK AjCO.. 122 Mkt.
8AFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO^ 307^Battery at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard_& Breck, 131 Post Bt.
8AFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_&. CO.. 122 Market et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
BIISCELLA.XKOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
mond.", gents' full dress suits, etc ; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
. A^MORRIS gives highest price* for ladles'
and gents' caatoff clothing ;postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing Tel.
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th si. ; tel. Jeasle 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S72 Mission; phone Bush 467.
~~~ jiosey to loan. -——
aTa^h1erm'an"murph y, ~~ "~
C01-60S-603 Examiner building.
Quick Eettlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests: assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
teresta In property purchased. •
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, I'd or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confidentlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg!
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
840 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 434.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 4«
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market at.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'g. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. •
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on. diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy St.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING, 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL, 600 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. >
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2E>0per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 500-C2-W Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckerlng, Vose
Eteinway. Steck. Sterling. Curtaz, Neuman.
Erard, Halnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIX CUKTAZ & SON. 16 O Farrcll st.
AFTER the summer is over you cannot get
such bargains And terms as you can get now;
uprlKhts from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary Et. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; 'as good as
new; $135., 237 Geary st.
SCO FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
_STATHAM, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthy pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.'
OFF1CKS AXD STORKS TO LET.
MARKET, 915 — Tp rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room; best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY, 300 Post rt.
PERSONALS.
I. EDWARD MURPHY, of the firm formerly
known as MURPHY & WARD, painters
have this day, July 14, sold my Interest in
Bald firm to JOSEPH WARD, said JOSEPH
WARD assuming all outstanding debts.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra "pants
. free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1137 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Kiro of Life, a sure euro for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st., 8. F*
THE 8tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scadp; no etaln or stickiness;
1 cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
I cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
I A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
oJf; correspendfrnca solicited; etrictly con-
fidential. Box 3234, Call Office.
Cancerous lumps, sorea, Impure blood (affecting;
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Giant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele
etc.: easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr. Burnard Co., 140 Geary,' 8.F.
MRS. DR. LOVELACE, please call at 3010
Mission st. for a box. of goods left on prem-
ises;- on account of removal.
AT, less than cost; uncalled for -suits overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 7^1 Market 6U o.^noon
O' FARRELLTTSw-isOS^New sunnjr corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced rates.
PEARL, 3. cor. Market— 2 furnished housa-
keeplng rooms; no children; phone.
THE VIRGINIA. 1006 Powel^t^-Partly fur^
nished bay-window suite: always sunny;
also complete housekeeping rooms.
APABTMEJiT HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Nes* av« —
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with privat*
baths, steam heat.elec. light. «lev..gas range.
A— ROSE WELL. 1360 Pine. nr. Hyde— Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
OCTAVIA. 1423 — Most select apartm't house la
city; 3-4 rooms; ele. furnished: reasonable.
•ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modem 3-4-8
rooms; furn. or unfura.: refs. Tel. East 1-150.
KOOJIS To l.fcIT — ram. find Inlara
A— BRUNSWICK Hoiis7rT4Tslx^tirsT^Roonia
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 p$r week and
light housekeeping rooms: op#n alt night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 Bo ntzht;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
C A LI FORNIA 1231— fhree~furntshed7~ sunnr
rooms with private family; no sign.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 432— Elegantly furnished, sunny par!©*
suite; bath; also single rooms.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; references.^
ELLIS, 750, Hart Apartments — Fine furnished
rooms: one on ground floor buslnesa purposes.
FELL. 456 — Furnished sunny front bay-window
room.
FILLMORE, 1007 — 2 nicely furn. front rim :
gents preferred; bath: modern: board opt.
FRANKLIN, 721. near G. C. ave^-Sunny fur^
nished front rooms; all conveniences: $11 &$IX
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also sir.rl* rooms; $2 to $8 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 25o
: to $1 25 night: $1 5(> to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at lotr
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HYD£?T 316 — Well-furnished rooms for gentle-
men: bath, gas; close in: $2 and $3 weekly.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Large front
room. 2 beds. $1U; single. $5 month.
MARKET. 104DA.The Falmouth— Sunny room*;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light*,
reading-room, smnklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bat In.
SACRAMENTO. 1365A— 3 rooms, separata en-
trance; rent $7.
SCOTT. 225 — A large sins'. » room; geqUemea
or two ladles: every convenience.
SIXTH. 240% — Furnished rooms, day. week or
month; location central and reasonable.
SEVENTH. 191— Sunny, front, bay-window,
housekeeping room.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Ntc«ly furnished sunny
suite; also 3lngle rooms: $1 SO to $8 week.
" THE ST. KATHRTN. ~I»
NE. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND *
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PER WEEK. .
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter, near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot an<l
cold water; baths free; $3 to $3 per week:
$1 to $1 50 per day ;electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offlces"~oa
the first floor to let: furnished rooms In suits
or single, by the day, week or month: tran-
sient solicited.
UXlTED~iTATES. 121 Eddy, near Market— »0»
reorrn. Z">c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no pas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggago.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4i~3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night: $2 to $5 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth »t. — Rooms from 13o
to $1 per night and from We to $5 per week.
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the receptioa
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0M Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
XOOilS A2TD BOAX9.
• HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAU-
TIFULLY SITUATED OX THE FINEST
CORNER OF VA-N NES3 AVE.. NOW
THOROUGHLY RENOVATED AND
EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE LATEST IM-
PROVEMENTS. 13 READY TO RECEIVa
GUESTS.
1013 VAN NE3S AVE.. COR. GEARY ST.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Nicely fur.
cunny rooms; table board; reas. ; new mans' t.
HOWARD. SI1A — First-class board and room.
rlns> or double. $5-$6 wk. : American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California^ — See rooms. learn prices. try tabla
sTITTERnO AKD STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. ; private: established 3
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2t>26 from 1 to 8 pnv
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issue*
yesterday :
F. Husro Zlmmermann. 37. Suiaun, and L.
Gertrude Wheaton. 24, 1104 Sacramento street.
Albert J. McCarthy, 21, city, and Mary A.
McCarron, 18, city.
LouH Frankenstein, 30. 224 Eleventh •tr«et.
and Ida Mamlock 15. 604 Polk street.
Charles E. Adam*. 63. Sacramento, and
Lydla F. Luse, «O, 13 Essex street.
Steve Rapovac. 22. city, and Mlnnto H.
B'ran. 19. 1122% Pacific «treet.
Aladlno Delmacro. 37. 33O Broadway, and
Amelia Raesrliaml, 22. 330 Broadway.
A. M. A. Joseph Schiftmajin, 35. 120 Svrentll
street, and Madeleine Atlener. 33. 1049 MU-
sinn street.
C Fredric Simpson. 31. 923A Dolores street,
and EUla Curas 2S. Battle Creek. Nsbr.
Charles F. Brandt. 35, Modesto, and Rachel
Allen. 40. Modesto.
George E. Boaworth. 40. New York City,
and Myrtle M. Bailey. 27. Denver. Colo.
Lester C. Harden, 23. Forest, and Bessl*
Eastman, 20. 375 San Carlos avenue.
William L. Howea. 26. Troy. N. T.. and
Jessie D. McCoy. 27. 849 Minna street.
Joseph Clavere. 23, 1300 Seventh avenu*.
South San Francisco, and Julia. D. Bala. 23.
1425 Seventh avenue. South San Francisco.
David Douclas. 25. 1S14 San Bruno avenue,
and Llllie Douglas, 20. 321 Preclta aveona.
BIRTHS— MARRIAuES—BEATfflL
Birth, marriar* and death notice* tent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b* handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with th« name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same pnbllsh«d.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
( of the event are published one* la this column
I free of charge.
~~ ""born!
FORTUNE— In this city. Jun« 14. 1904. to
the wife of James A. Fortune, a daughter.
HELOESSON— In this city. July 11. 1804. to
th~ wife of Albert Helrecaon. a son.
MOORE— In this city, July 0, 1904. to th«
wife of William II. Moors, & son.
ROSINSKI— In this city, June 80, 1904. to U>»
wife of O. Roslnsk! (nee Mpench). a son.
TOD— In this city. July 4. 1904, to U»« wife
- of A. Gray Tod. a son.
•MARRIED.
BARHAM— STOER— In Oakland, at th» horn*
of the brld«, July 12. 1004. by the Rev. E.
Graham. D. D.. of Berkeley. Courtney L.
Barham cf Fresno and Emma Reglna Stoer,
daughter of F. J. Stoer of Oakland.
HIRSCH— SAMTER— In this city. July 10.
1W>*. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Leon S.
Hirsch and Helen Samter.
JACOBS— OPP12NHE1MEB— In this city.
July 10. 1904. by the Rev. E. J. 8tark.
Harold W. Jacobs and Pearl Oppenhelmer.
MARYE— MARYE— In Berlin, Germany. Jiaa
28. 1004. In the American Church. Mota-
strasse, Nollendorf Plat*. Gecrxa T. Mary*.
Jr of San Francisco and Mario D. Mary*
of "Washington. D. C.
ROSENTHAL— L1EBES — In this eity, July 13.
]'..(>!. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Bosom ua
Rcaenthal and Lollta Liebe*.
For Death Notices See Pose Fourteen.
FLATS TO Mt-aVgj
• AA A;— BOCSE RENTEffa DEPARTMENT"!
Ail dcslrab'e racant hniiliK and Cst* are list.
t'<! In err fr?e renting department; over 1000
in number: a combined list from all agencies;
l«t u* give you a lift end help you to find
o jjlace: we never 'aJl; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— BOTSES rri f.ats to let: an ic-m*ns« list;
WHKt :'r-'l'.:'."!y free; take advantage of
this dt'-parcment ; it tviil *ave you time and
trouVle. Corde* Furniture Co.. -45-253
Geary st.. en the square.
Js*OE. 1088 — I>au!lful new fiat; suany corner;
5 rooms and bath: aH cirdern improvements:
.•oTivc::!ertt to Castro on.i 24th street car*.
SCASONIO sve.. 130-iA. r.car waller st.— A
r. •>.'.< :n f.at cf 7 suar^y rooms; rent $30.
BABJUSOX. *CF—F;ne. modern, new fiat of 6
rooms; reasonable. \o responsible party.
NKARLY r«-w upper Tflat: * roeir.s ar.d bath.
:;:;6Vk Vehaiia «t.
m.T.lTOUE. 1121. crrner— 7 large, light rooms
atid bath: racderr; rent 140.
?HOTVEI L *£ BBBBjr lower Cat, 4 rooms, '
bath and v'ard; $I?__^
FTLL. 382. nesr Octaxla— Modern *unny lower
fat. 5 rooms an>i Jtath-
!_.<>n<"r:S'T 'irt cf tocKs and fiats to let. Call
»n I. YON & UOAO. 116 Montgomery ft.
Flat* to let — FcitxmnEO.
HAIGHT. I29S Ruena VSrta. cor. Central ave.
— Eiepantly furnished fiats; also unfurnished:
! _'• 1 .-.«¦ all conveniences and is situated to
»e.ect neitrM»orhocd.
BELVEDERE* 141. off HaigM— Newly fur-
liisheti fist. 5 rooms, bath, garden : reascn-
«f'»: *r<Tn 10 to 4.
KI.'TS Foil WI.F 1 - ! KM^IIKD.
5d£HLT furnished 7-roctr. flat, used 5 months:
rocn'.Ts pay expenses. Phone Fell 1237; no
*gcr.ts. J
?4M) -- 7 aOOMS; newly furnished, coty flat;
rent $;:>; bargain. 1C15 Post st.
Fl'nXl?HED flat, « rooms, for sale; runny
and en car line. Box 32S7. Call office.
FIRNISHED modern flat. 6 rooms, for sale;
r^r.t-$a2 5t>. Box Slits. Call office.
FIVE-ROOM fiat, furnished, for sale. Address
H-x :j?*7. Cr.ll office.
FIKMTIRE WASTED.
ABE LEVY!
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't se!l your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
<!.»>- LKVY A- ro. ray highest price for fur-
• rvore.carrets.etc. ZXl Mission; tel. Buth 413.
IIELF WASTED FEMALE.
W A NTED — First-class German or French cook,
.'¦«": jrirl. general housework. 2 in family.
*2T>: fhaTr.b?rmald and waitress, country
hotel. $2?>; girl fcr housework, south. $'<.".
*«• lady here this a. m.; ycung experiencei
?luvsegirl for irfant. $25; grirl. general house-
tror*. .'J in family, city. $M; IS girls for gen-
< ral hcurewcrk, city and country. *25 ar.d
.*-;;0. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 03t
Sutler Ft.
A CASHIER fcr large restaurant. $30 and
board; 4 waitresses, mountain resort. $15
each: a cook for private family. $50; a
kitchen maid, same place. $XS); a nurse for
infant. $20. city place; a German cook for
Cexasaa family. $i0. miss PLUNKETT,
4»r< Gutter ft., near Powell.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; clean,
healtr.y place; fcigher wages paid than by any
c'her c»nn?r. Code-Portwood Canning Co.,
Bryant and Tenth sts.
A— WAS TED — Girls to learn haJrdressir.g.
manicuring, etc. : trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to £11 immediately; positions
guaranteed at $1» ptr week up; leading
¦wteoal in West. 2Xi Geary- 6 t.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to leam ml!!5nery now. for fall sca-
ro»: tcth seasrr.y taught frcm Ftart to finish
in oneTnorith for $15: positions as trimmers,
Faleelat'-ies. etc.. punrar.teed at $10 per wk.up;
day art evening elats. It? Stockton St.. r. 13.
HnirdrefFrr.?-. manicurlr.K. maesase. treat-
ni^Et. hafr work, removal superfluous hair:$5 2 I
wki.; day, eve. ¦.,-<=. positions secured, highest
v.-t,f.-«s. Rrmov-d from l£5t> Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WVNTED — Good woman for general house-
work, yourgest chlid 8; rood heme: $15 tr>
%2f>. UHS. DURETT. Woodside. Cal.. 5
- mile* CTOfB Redwood City.
A YOI'NG woman wi«#r experience in editorial
work wanted on weekly; Fhould be able to
citrate typewriter: state character of experi-
»-r>ce and salary expected. Box 1350, Call.
WANTED— Experienced aJteratlon hands on
etotka and suits. Cull at STRAUSS &
FROKMAN'S. 107-1O3 Poet et.
WANTED — A lady who thoroughly under-
stands baking for parties. Box 195«S. Call.
¦WANTED— Firet-clapf waitress for cafe; wages
• $'.<) per meek. 3^*4 Marcn ct.
A TROFITAHLE cutinj:; pick hops In August.
Write E. Ciemens Kjoret. 122 Battery »t..S.F.
WANTED — Mid<Jle-acr ; d woman for country;
plain cooking. Call 2512 Folsom. mornings.
fcMART girl as cashier; must understand
bookkeeping; $7 week. Box 1311. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ats.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the. reception
tit fcSvcrtistmer.t* and subscriptions has beea
«-pea*d at IOCS Market »t.. epposiu Fifth.
Cr-r i-rf.l 31 v . m
HELP WA.VTUD — MALE.
A- PACIFIC EMPUOTMENT AGENCTV
F. M. GUNN. «3S Commercial St..
Phone Main llfll. 5 doors off Kearny.
LABORERS- NORTH— $60.
10 labcrerf. railroad wsrk Tor large lumber
company: new- work in the woods- company
water £r.d climate O K; take this and make
mcr.cy; lt't good.
CARPENTERS..
5 briiJre carpenter*, company work, $90' 5
rcugh ca rpenten to build barns, round-
houars. «tc. $70 atd found- lonz lob
ARIZONA.
X€W W ° rk •£?*& Ix^ins $1 ° 5a
Laborers, $40 and found.
Iiougb carpenters, $70 ?rd found.
Teamsterr, $C2 and fiAind.
laborers, $53 and found.
StaHrman, large land company south $30
and found. '
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
G42 Commercial Bt.. r.ear Kearnr
Phone Bush S33. JOHN L. DRECHSLER"
19 carpertert. 2 lumber companies, $65 and
$70 and found; 4 bridge carpenter*, lumber
compar.y, $90; 4 rough carpenters lumber
<x«nj)«ny. $70 and found; 20 laborers, pipe
hne. $45 end found; S lumber pliers. $i fare,
$:;r> and found; 4 more laborers, lumber rail-
road, $40 and found; 6 laborers., logging rail-
road in wooiie. $B0: farmers and milkers-
choreman. ranch. $.*iO end found.
AT C. R. IIANPKN & CO.. Employment Aifts
42-j dull St., «42 Clay et.
Bal^r aru r^try cook fcr f.rst-clast hotel.
Lei-- TsJioe, s'o jiarty her*, free fare both
ways, ?T5; efcedcer, restaurant, city, $50;
fry cook. first-dBse hotel. $45; se"ond cook.
K. R. eating-house. fr«e fare. $35; waffl>-
inin. first-claFB country hotel, $45; bell and
• lovatr.r hoy». 51.'.. $20.
O. R- 1IANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents,
. 4J"J Bush £t., C42 Clay et.
AT HORD & BMITH'S.
Contract ora' acents, or. Third «t.
I>«b'ir*r» for railroad, company work $2
Iree fare, 25 rrjles out, board $4 £0.
Laborers for pipeline, Mor.terey County, $2 25.
Stableman, cli?-. $50 to $00.
Cook, small suburban hottl, $40.
Arizona, 1050 miles, fare $10 60, teamsters
and laborers. $2.
RED GROSS EMPLOYMENT AGEr.'CT,
C02 Clay Et.; phone James 2478.
15 teamsters $2 80 day
30 laborers $2 23 day
ft railroad l»br>rers $2 day
6 woodsmen ..$2 25 «lay
S tie men. II cents t>er tie.
3 woodchoppers. 2-foot wood (J cord
4 car;<rittrs' helper* $2 day
I cock, country Uctel, $S0 month and found.
PLAIN «arp«iter. $3 day; bJacksmith helper,
' f2 day; barker for r«Jwood. $40 and board:
:'armer and wife. $50 and found; fanners. $25
end found; f-ook*. Wttttttu. dlehwartier* and
rtl,-r*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacra-
merito Ft.
ANDRE'S office. .'517 Ptocktcn et. — Kitchen
ijsrvJ. rr?xrt. $25; potivarhcr.' S.'.O: vegetable
man. $30: fry cook. -$15 a week; waiter.
small place, country. S-0: candy_ maker, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Moatgomery~Ft~rI2
— H*itd waiter who is also a ctewartf $iO-
brllboy.
A FIRST-CLASS bo»' and childrea'g clothing
laVrrncn. 8. N. WOOD & CO. ,OAKLAND, July 14.— By stipulation
Mrs. Alma Thorn obtained a Judgment
to-day against Anspacher Bros, of
Llverraorc for 5500 damages for the
death of her husband, who was. killed
while in their employ. While doing
some dangerous work Thorn, was
struck by a falling plank. By agree
ment suit was only brought for J500
and this was not contested.
Widow Gels Judgment.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 14— Etmr Sierra,
tor Sydney.
PORT LUD1.OW— Arrived July 14— Br ship
Cleomene. from Port Blakeley.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived July 14— Br
stmr M ii Dollar, hence July 10.
ABERDKKN— Sailtd July H— Stmr> Grace
Dollar, for Port Harford; itmr Santa Barbara,
for San Francisco; Ptmr G C Lindauer, for
Knn Francisco. . ¦
ISLAND PORT.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Thursday, July 14,
Br ttmr Wyefield, Watson. Nanaimo.
Stmr Noyo, Johnfon. Humboldt Bay.
SAILED,
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 14.
Btrr.r Aurelia. Erlckson, 5" hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Macsie, Corning;. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Matthew J Mclaughlin to" Esther- E. Mc-
Laughlln. lot on XV line of Boyce street, 587 N
of l'olnt Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; also lot
on XV line of Head street, 40O N of Garfleld, N
HO by W 100. lots :il and 32. block 45, City
Ldind Association; $10.
Nellie A. Sullivan to Ella C. McIIenry. un
divided third of lot on N line of O'Farrell
*treet, 4:50:0 W of Stelncr. W 37 by N 82:6;
$10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Einilie
A. Vlslier, lot on SW line of Eleventh streo.t,
222:6 HE of Howard. SE 100:6. SW 00, NW
10«:C. NK 100; $23,000.
John and Ada M. lllnkcl to Jos W. Johnson,
THURSDAY, JULY 14.
Iietltia Beretta to Ansjelo Berctta. lot on S
line of Clay street. 103 E of Polk. E 77:10^ by
S 127 :8 V*; ?10.
Luman S. and Agnes Pease to Century Club,
lot on SW corner of Sutter and Franklin
streets, \V 40 by S 137:6; *10.
Henry C. Hyde (and as assignee of Frederick
Clay, bankrupt) (by Ambrose Watson, commis
sioner) to William T. Hooper, lot on W line of
Buchanan street. 75:6 H of Jackson. S 1 by W
80; $ .
Harriet F. Mallett (wife of John H.' Jr.) to
GeorBe XV. Smith, lot on N line of Vallejo
ftreet, 34:4 E of Steiner. E 51:2 by N 137 :«;
*10.
Frederick R. and Adona C. Townsend to
James C. Bourbln lot on N line of Eddy street,
77 W of Steiner, W 25 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Chris
tlnu Glrsch (Helbush). lot on S line of Clay
Ktreet. 20U::s n of Devisadero, E 25 by S
li!7:8Vi;$ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Charles Gow
ard pleaded guilty in the Police Court
to-day to charges of embezzlement and
defrauding an innkeeper. Fred Omo,
a collector, said Goward had Btolen
money from him, and F. A. Wright,
landlord of the Brunswick House,
complained that the prisoner had
failed to pay his bill there. Sentence
was deferred, as the police desire to
investigate a charge that Goward had
been twice dishonorably discharged
from the United States army for deser
tion.
Alleged Deserter Pleads Guilty.
Cal G&ECor. 47 50 X Cal P Co. JO 10%
Cal Powder.. — 145 Oak Bk Sar.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 2C Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — C5 Orpheum Co. — 16H
Chute* Co .. — 7 PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac S Tel... 100 102
Cyp L Imp.. — r.TfclPac Sur Co. 105 —
East Dynm.. — 270 | Faraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — flO IS F Drydock. 60 —
Do com .. — 50 ISF&SJ Coal. — £5
FX Ek. Oak. 120 — IS J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr 50c 90c I SO & MTkM.125 —
Frncb-A Rk.105 — |£u!&s-A nk..U5 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 i Truck .Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. — It |UR InC pfd. 47»i —
Lon& SF Bk — CO I Po com ... 9Vi —
Morning: Session.
Street —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 81 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Northern Cal Power Co..'. 1» 12V4
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. SO 75'
Ptreet —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— B!d. Asked.
Apollo 40 4ft
Associated Trust Certificate*. IS 19
Caribou 8 75 4 SO
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 73 ....
Four 64
Fulton 2 00
Hajiford 165 00 ISO 00
Home I'm ISO
Imperial 18 00
lndrrfnder.ee 24 27
K*-rn 4 6O 5 CO
Kern River 10 50 ....
Monarch iof Arizona) 31
Monte Cri$to 6B 67
Occidental of W Va 05 10
Oil City Petroleum CO
Peerless 14 00
rituburjj 04
R'fd Crud" 1(4
8 F A- McKlttrick 3 Ort
Sovereign 40 42
Sterling 260 S on
Superior 04 ....
.Thitty-thrf<» R 25
Ttventy-elpht 9 00
W>?t Fhore 2 25 ....
¦Wabash 25 40
At-soclated Bonds 79 00
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 7 37 '£
Fischer's Theater 50 69
Northern Cal Power 10 25
Sanitary Reduction Work* .. 1 00 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Sterling 2 70
900 Associated 18
Board —
Afternoon Session.
2<X> Monte Cristo 67
500 Four Oil C5
Street—
200 Wolverine 40
Mining Stocks.
SAN* FRANCTSCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran •
Cisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 16| 150 Ophir 2 60
100 Best & Belch. 1 10. "f<0 Overman 18
2C0 Bullion 17| 1<« Savage 21
2(>0 Con C & Va.l J5| 300 Keg Belcher .. OH
5<jO Julia 05! 30<t Silver Hill .. 4» '-
10O Justice 19| :t00 Union Con .. '.VI
200 Mexican m\ 1 0f> Yellow Jacket. 18
Afternoon Session. ' j
J 00 Andes 20! 400 Potosi 07 I
100 Best & Belch.l 00! 500 Savage 18
100 Best & Belch. 85| I'OO Sen Belcher .. 07
100 Caledonia 55; 4(4} Klerra Xev .. 2S
680 Con C & Va.l 101 100 Sierra Xev .. 29;
1O0 Exchequer .. ri'il «;oO Union Con ..
40O Mexican 95 i. "200 Union Con .. 26 1
1000 Mexican »<)| MX) Utah 14 1
100 Ophlr 2 &5|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
MorninB Session.
100 Andes 20; 100 Mexican 98
300 Chollar 1"| 100 Mexican »7
300 Crown Point. Ill 200 Sierra Nev .. 31
100 Gould & Cur. Ill 200 Union Con .. 31
200 Kentuck 03!
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha OS! 200 Mexican 83
BOO Andes 20, 200 Potosi # 07
r.00 Bullion 16| -J00 Savage 18!
200 Chollar l«l 100 Sierra Nev .. SO !
200 Con C & Va.1 lOi 500 Sierra Nev .. 28
SO© Con C & V.I O7Vjl 100 Union Con .. 27
COO Crown Point. Ill 100 Union Con .. 2«
100 Julia O0| 100 Union Con .. 25
100 Mexican 96| oOO Yellow Jacket. 18
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. j
Following were the rales on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
MornlnK Session.
300 Esperanza ... 03 1S00 Mont Ton ...2 65
1000 Gold Anchor. IH> 300 Mont Ton ...2 60
to) Gold Anchor. 27 1500 Paymaster ... 06
500 Gold Anchor. 2SJM00 Red Top 16
.'{00 Mule Ton ... <J0 Red Top 18
T.0O MacNamara . f>5 250 Ton Gold M. 19
650 MacNamara. . 56 1000 Ton Gold M. 18
100 Mont Ton..2 47HI 100 Ton N Star.. 39
200 Mont Ton . . .2 50| 1000 Ton N Star. . 35
•'.¦,.-• Afternoon Session.
100 Mont Ton ...2 50 400 Ton Belmont.. 80
100 Mont Ton ...2 55 2000 Ton Gold M. 17
400 Mont Ton.. 2 47% 200 Ton N Star.. 37
COO Paymaster . . 06 1000 Ton N 6tar. . 35
C000 Red Top 15 200 Ton N Star.. 36
6000 Red Top 181
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 14—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 09j Justice 18 20
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andea in 20 Ktyes Graes.. — 1 20 !
Belcher 1« 18|Lady Wash .. — 06!
Best & Belch. 95 1 001 Mexican 91 9*>
Bullion- 15 17 Occidental ... 7» fit
Caledonia ... 55 57 Ophlr 2 CO 2 55
Challenge Con 1!> 22 Overman 16 18
Chollar 16 17 Potosi ofl OR
Confidence ... 70 80 Scorpion j*» 14
Con C & Vn.l 05 1 10 Savage 17 m
Con Imperial. 01 02|Peg Belcher ..06 07
Con NY 03 04 S!#rra Nev ..27 "8
Crown Point. 11 12ISllver Hill ..4* 46
East Sierra N 06 — 1st Louis .... jo
Eureka Con.. — 601 Syndicate .... — 04
Exchequer . . C6 3S| Union Con . . 26 ">7
Gould & Cur. 12 141 Utah 14 J 8
Hale & Norc. tt» 72! Yellow Jacket. 16 18
Julia 05 00!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Colchan 05 10 Rar Tonopah.. 07
Eaperanza. ... 02 O3i Red Top 15 je
Glpry Queen. — 251 Rescue 11 12
Gold Anchor. — 27! Ton Belmont.. 79 80 '
Goldfield .. 99 I 02 >* I Ton «r Cal 11 «>o '
Gold M Con. 01 02| Ton Cash Boy 08 —
Hancapah M. 25 — I Ton Exten .. — 1 00
Jim Butler... — . 75iTon & G XV. . . 04 H
IJttle Ton 55 — |Ton Gold M. 20
I-urky Tom... Kt — I Ton Midway.. 50 58
MaeNamara . 56 571 Ton of Nev. 8 00 8 12'-4
Mlzpah Ex .. — 2D|Ton N Star.. 34 — .
Mont Ton.. 2 42 V. 2 45! Ton «.: Salt L. 60 —
N Y Ton .... (12 03|Ton Superior.. — 06
Paymaster .. 05 071 Ton Union ... 10 • —
Pine Grove .. 50 — lUnlu-d Ton .. — 09
Ray Exten .. — OS 1 Utopia 10 —
Ray & O'Brien 10 — I West End ... 15 25
ST. LOUIS, July 14. — By a vote of
8 to 5 the board of lady managers of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition,
which convened to-day in the
Woman's building, declared the oflice
of secretary vacant.
Miss Lavina Egan of Louisiana, who
was ousted from office by this action
and is also a member of the board,
protested and demands that the rea
son for the action be submitted in
writing. The board of lady manag
ers elected Miss Etta Lou- Carter of
Jefferson City, Mo., temporary secre
tary.
Place Temporarily.
Position Is Declared Vacant and Jef
ferson City Girl Appointed to '
LADY MANAGERS OUST
PROTESTING SECRETARY
WASHINGTON. July 14.— There
will be no change in the costumes of
Igorrotes at the St. Louis Exposition.
Statements concerning the proposed
change from Senator Carter, Presi
dent Francis and from Mrs. Manning,
Mrs. Montgomery and others of the
board of lady directors, were sent to
the President, and explanations were
made bv Colonel Edwards of the in
sular bureau, and as a result it waa
decided that no order would be is
sued requiring these people to wear
anything different from their native
dress.
President Roosevelt Settles a Dispute
Concerninff the Garb of the
Natives.
IGORROTES WIUj WEAR
THEIR NATIVE COSTUME
Postmasters appointed — California —
Helena, Trinity County, Helena J.
Meckel, vice Christian Meckel dead;
Sequoia, Tuolumne County, John H.
Crocker, vice Allen S. Crocker resigned;
Yolo, Yolo County, John Alden Nut
ting, vice Daniel W. Nutting dead.
Melvin Fellows to-day appointed ru
ral carrier at Spangle, Washington,
and John V. Maze substitute. ¦•.-•:
The Comptroller of the Treasury to
day approved the applications of Henry
J. Earcelou, H. D. Knight, S. W. Mur
dock and others to organize* the First
National Bank of Willows, Cal.. with a
capital of $75,000. Also approved the
applications of C. L. Walter, W. A.
Patton, W. M. Glffin and others to or
ganize the First National Bank of
Fowler, Cal., with a capital of $25,000.
Fourth-class postmasters commis
sioned—California—Latrobe, John Mc-
Carty. Washington— Port Orchard,
William Cline.
Male applicants •will be admitted to
this examination In order to provide
eligibles for vacancies that may occur
in the position of storekeeper gauger.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Wil
liam T. Davis, assistant surgeon. Is re
lieved of duty on the Logan and will
report to the dommanding general in
the Philippines for duty.
Navy orders— Major C. M. Perkins,
marines, detached from Yokohama, to
the Naval Hospital at Mare Island, for
treatment.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— The Civil
Service Commission announces an ex
amination at Sacramento on August 17
to secure eligibles to fill a vacancy in
the position of clerk (female) in the of
fice of the Collector of Internal Reve
nue at Sacramento at $600 per annum.
Many Orders Are Issued Directing
Departmental Changes in tho
Western States.
OF INTKREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Miss K. B. and Frances V. Elliott and Mary
B. Pontlng (owners) with Theo Lutge (con
tractor), architects Haynes & Cantln—Altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame buiM
ing on E line of Franklin street. — S of "Waah
lngton. 26 on Franklin. 1920 Franklin; $4000
on E line of Fair Oaks street. S N of Twenty,
fifth. N 25 by E 100; $.T500.
Harry N. Hall (owner) with McCullouch
Contracting Company (contractors), architect
James A.' McCullough — All work for a two
story frame building with concrete foundation
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Henry O.
M«-yer, lot on XV line of Twenty-ninth avenue,
175 S of C street. S 150 by XV 120; also lot
on S line of C strnet, 70 W of Twenty-ninth
aver.ue. XV SO by S 100; $10.
John II. nnd Rose Lynch to Oscar Edel
mann, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 75 N
of Hugo street. N 25 by W 05; $10.
William E. and Minnie L. Bouton to Anna
S. Puckhaber (wife of L. H.). lot on S line
of Eighteenth street, 783 W of Douglass. W
25 by S 121; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Charles C. and Aeiele Glllet. lots 25, 28 and
27. block 15, Lakevlew; $10.
Peter and Hannah Tamony to Joseph F.
D<Man lot on SE line of Mission street, 100
KB of Brazil avenue. NE 25 by SE 83:6,
block 2, Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to Henry Koehler.
lot 25. block D. Sunset Heights, quitclaim
deed; ?1.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to same, same;
$1200.
Nicholas and Kate McComas to Matthew
and Anna O'Gorman. lots 131 and 133, gift
map 1; $10.
Charles GebhariH and A. Nettan to Margaret
Skehan. lot on N line Of Turnbull street, 60
XV of Conprdon XV .10 by N 100. lot IS. block
0. College Homestead: $10.
Cordelia C. or Cornelia C. and Albert Cald
wtll to Anna D. Joost. lot on N line of Lewis
street. 4S0 E of Congdon. E fiO.by N 160. lots
17 and IS, block 10, College Homestead; $10.
Painter & Co. (by A. O. Colton. receiver) to
same, lots 1, 13 and 10. block 275. South San
Franclsro Homestead: $275.
Theodore P. Painter and as surviving part
ner of same to same, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Katherina A. and' Thomas W. Rivers to
John M. Dickman, lot on S line of Twenty
eighth street. 230 W of Castro "W 25 by S
114; $10.
Miranda E. Mills. Charles and Robert M.
Schofield and H. A Powell to Charles B.
Russell, lot on N line of Washington street,
195 E of Drumm. E 20 by N CO; $10.
Margaret C. Davis to I. P. Allen, lot on V?
line of Dupont street, 60:10 N of Washing
ton. N 29:0 by W 60; $100.
Mary II. Stangc to Jane Hamilton and Jan»
Terry, lot on, K corner of Sixth and Natoma
streets. SE 25 by NE 75; also lot on SW cor
ner of Marshall and Congdon streets. S 220
by W 100, lots 11 to 14. block 9. College Home.
etcad; also lot on S line of Ney street. 100
W of Craut. W 50 by S 110. lot 8. block 8.
same; also all interest in estate of Robert
Hamilton and property outside of county; $t.
Mary A. Uowen to l3ldor Lipman, lot on NE
line of Langton street, SO NW of Bryant, N
25 by E 75; $10.
Frederick W. and Alice M.. Thielmeyer to
Real Estate and Development Company, lot
on E line of Missouri street. 25 N of Nine
teenth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
James S. and Catherine T. Bunnell to
Thomas L Hill, tot on N line of Lake street.
35 XV of Third avenue, W 25 N 118, E 25, S
117; $10.
Thomas L. and Catherine F. Hill to Charles
T. and Amanda P. Mueller, fame; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Albert
Drucker lot on N line of Point Lobos avenu*.
45 E of Twentieth avenue, E 25 by N 120; $10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to John Burcoyne, lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 100 N of A street. N 125 by W 120;
grant.
George Hlmmelstoss to I. Newton Rose
k'rars, lot on W line of Third avenue, 250
S of B street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
John O'Connell to Annie O'Connell. lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street. 005 W of Noe,
W 25 by N 114; gift.
Anna S. and Louis H. Puckhaber to James
/ Symon, lot on N line of Eighteenth street.
62 E of Church. E 23 by N 114; $10.
John G. Wilkins to George F. Brachett, lot
on N line of Henry street 90 W of Noe. W
26 by N 115; $10.
John Center to Peter Anderson, lot on E
line of Bryant ptreet. 177 S of Twentieth, S
25 by E 100; $10.
Emile and Marie Quenel to Ernest and
Emllte Bouquet, lot on S line of Twenty-sixth
street. 65 W" of Bartlett. W 30 by S 75; Klft.
Joseph S. and Mary C. Brown to Charles J.
Gomes, lot on E line of Dolores street, 126:6
N of Thirtleth.N 25 by E 100: $10.
lot on E line of Stevenson street, 186 S of
Hermann. S 20 by E 77:6; $10.
Louis Feldmann to Grctchen Feldmann, lot
en NE corner of Twenty-flr«t and Shotwell
streets. N 125 by E 122:6; also lot on NE cor
ner of Madrid and Japan streets, E 100 by N
150; also lot en NW corner of Edinburgh and
Japan streelp, N 150 by W 10O, lot 5, block 3*.
Excelsior Homestead; gift.
WASHINGTON. July 14. — Another
chapter was added to-day to the long
controversy over the Las Vegas, N. M.,
postofiice when mandamus proceed
ings were instituted in the district Su
preme Court to compel the Postnjas
ter General to re-establish the former
postmaster in Las Vegas. The peti
tioners are Margerito Romero, Mayor;
Jesus M. Tafoya, Recorder, and Ig
nacio Esquibel, Martin Delagano, Fe
lipe Delagado and Bowman M. Wil
liams, Trustees, and Elmer E. Vt-ed»r
and John W. Veeder, residents and
citizens of the town of Las Veea3. \
It is alleged that, in violation of
law, the postoffice at the town of Las
Vegas, March 31 last, was abolished
and discontinued and consolidated
with the postofiice in the town of
East Las Vegas, now called the City
of Las Vegas.
Citizens of Las Vegas Protest at Abol
ishment of Office and Will
Go to Court.
ASK RE-ESTABLJSHMEXT
OF FORMER POSTMASTER
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
WASHINGTON, July 14.— It is ' ex
plained here that the excitement
among the business men of Panama
over the recent establishment of. ports
of entry at Ancon and Cristobal, in the
canal zone, is based on a misunder
standing of the intention of the Canal
Commission. The French company, in
constructing the canal, dredged a
deep-water channel to the mouth of
the Rio Grande River and erected
wharves at La Boca. This channel was
deep enough to enable sea-going craft
to discharge their cargoes at the La
Boca wharves. The waters of the har
bor adjacent to the city of Panama are
shallow, and it is necessary to lighter
goods which are landed at the wharf
in the city of Panama.
The merchants of Panama, it is be
lieved here, think the establishment of
the port of Ancon, which is the new
name given by the commission to La
Boca, will prevent the continued use
of the channel and the wharves at I«a
Boca for the landing of goods intended
for the city of Panama. These diffi
culties can be avoided by an amicable
arrangement in respect to transporta
tion of goods landed at La Boca for
Panama under bond.
The best anchorage for vessels in
tended to discharge goods to Panama
is in the vicinity of the islands ceded
to the United States by the canal zone
treaty, and the merchants at Panama
possibly fear that they will be deprived
of the privilege of utilizing such
anchorage, or, if their vessels are per
mitted to anchor in these waters, that
harbor fees, wharfage, etc., will be
charged. These, however, are matters
of detail, susceptible to adjustment
on terms expected to prove satisfactory
to all parties.
Assurances Are Given That
Uncle Sam Intends to Ar
range Satisfactory System
MOTIVE MISUNDERSTOOD
Mcrcliants Are Apprehensive
That Establishment of New
Port Will Be Detrimental
PANAMA'S FEAR
IS GROUNDLESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1004.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL. -,.^-
ySif ti\ Trains leare and are <1 ao
/O^TT7^e\ to arrive- at
L?piS^zl BAN FRANCISCO.
\4*s~yS&r~}ti) From J^lt 3. 1304.
X-rt^-tSSS^S/ FrasT Drrrr
\*C_1J^ {Toot of Msriset Street >
L«AT» - MAIN LINE.
7 C3a VnenTttle. \T!:itcr». Kuruaey f50»
7.00a Benlcla, Elmlrasr.'l 9-»cr»ment<> . 7.2C;»
7-30A Vsllejo. >.'»!>•. CaiUt^r*. Saats
¦ Rom. Marttnaa. San Ramon 820»
7-S0a N'.lerTraey. Lottiror. stocK-on 7.20»
B.COa SJs**f:i Exprea* — (VI* Darts),
Wtillsnat (tor HartleU Snrtnss),
WRiotra tFruio. i:e.l UixS,
rc;i»nJ, Taeoms, Seallle 7-53»
B-OOa PstIs. Wood'aml. Kn!~btt Ijtnd'.nc
Mfti7svllle. Chico, oroYllin 7.53»
••33a Port Covta. Martinez. Aattocb,
Brroa. Trscr. Sluektoo. New-
man. Los danoa. Me. a dot*.
Araaosa. Hanfoft, Visalla,
Perterrnie 4 i»~
•4I0A fort Cosia. Moseste, 11 n reed,
Fresno. Gosarn Jasct'.oa, Haa-
ford, Vlsails, ]:»*ersieia 4.50*
• •80a Klles, Sa» .Ion*. LlTern«re, Stnrtc-
toa, (tM1lt*n>. l>»ue. Sxrraninnto,
MarysrHle. Cbleo. IU.-J u:aff 4 20»
• 30a O»*<!»l«. <;.-.t7i<-«». Jtaetuiwi, So»
cor*. Tuoliimna urnl Angels 2fjj»
8 00a A thin tic Ex press — Oe<easn<i Ex«t. 5 23»
9-SOa Richmond, Martinez in I 7st
Statins ¦ 50>
104)0* Toe Orrrlaad Limited — (>xit«a.
Omaha. Chicago, Dearer. Kaataa
,„_- «»r. St. L»oi« 82C»
10.00a Yar.eJ»_ 12.23*
1040a Lot Asgnlea Pasacnger — Part
C»sta. Martinez. Brraa, Traey.
Latarofk Steel: ton. Merced,
lt*TBi«ad, Treifja, Qoshen J'i-.r.-
ttea. nanford, Letoeore, Visalla.
Bakerslel«t Los Anse!e« 7.20*
T?.00** Harward. If lies »sd tt«t Stations. 320»
11 .OOP BacrsraentaRlTer Steameri tti.OOv
JJOp BcBlcia. Vf later*. Sacramento.
Toc.1i»a4. W|:n»i, Kalfhts
Laa-Uan. Maryifirie. Ororille
«na w»y nations 13.50a
3-SC* Hayward. Xllesand TfaT Stattcas.. J 5Cp
4 COf Msrtlaci.Saa Rasioo. Va:uj«,Nipa,
Csllstoz*. tfauu Ilasa 120a
4 OOp JJlVea. Tracy. Stocfc:o». Lodt 4.20P
4 SO* Hif'^. Hn*a lrrragton. Saa) tS (Oa
Jose. LtT«rpa«re ) til Ma
BCSpTto Owl United— Newa»a. Les
9>iim, Meadota. Press*. Tulara,
Haker*ae1a'.L«aAagttes 8 50 a
1si.S0p Hay jrird, Xlies a*4 Han Joss 7.20a
8C0p Harvrsrs. Ntlesssrt San Jnja. • sOa
• .Oflp£»«tern Eipr«'S»— OiJiu. Oisaha,
C'Jlrtr->. DeaTsr. Kansas City.
bt. I.ou!«. Tla Marltnez. Stocktaa,
Eacrasieato. Caffax. Ren» 12.S3*
• .00p \'»unj». d»l!y. ex.-ef.i danday I T c ._
7 OOP V»llejo, Sunday only f /S0»
700^ Klcamoad, San Pabia. Port Casts,
Uartiaes aad Way Htatioas 1121a
7eO«*Rei r irin Casts. Snt-
¦na. £lrr.ir». DstIs. Sscraineata,
Truokee, Lake Tata«e. Reao,
m'mm m T»o«paB, Spares 7.B0a
S.SSp Pert Cestv >!»rth»«i. Byroa.
Tracy. Lat&rop. Modauo. ¦
U*ro«4. Ber»a,». FTesa* »n4
. Ws? 8t»tioni Beyoa* Part Costa 1 2-23*
8. Cop Tosemlt* vaUey, t:» Bcrcnda, and
Wawasa 8.50a
8.C5p Mirilssi. Tracy, Stnc'noa 19 20a
B06p Oregon ft Cdl!fors:a Bxvrett— Sa«-
rstasct*. Maryartlle, IteadlBf,
PorUasd. Puite: Soaad »d4 Cast. ».50a
I.IDst BayKrsrd. Klles and Saa J«*e(dna-
dsyoaly) 11-SOa
COAST LINE (<iarr«f Vaajt).
; (Foot of M*rlcet Stret.)
7.45a Santa CYmjEiowrsJoBtSTiBday only) 8.10»
••16a Newark. Ceai*»!;if, Saa Jess,
Felton. DouldcrCrsek. V : ,z Bmia,
' i - 'l tsata Cr»sau« Way Stations... B83»
t9 15a Alrsrsdo. XewarY Saa .lose. Los
6atos,C!eawo«d, F eltoo. Boulder
Creek. His Banlsj. flaata Craz 8 10»
t2.1Ss> Kewark. CentorTllIo, (»»a Jose,
New Alnadea. Los Gaiot.Faitoa.
Boolder Creek, Stata Cms aa4
Principal TTay Stations IO-SSa
4 IIf Newark. San Jese. Les Gate* t8 55a
4.15«»^ r rticflt, Bonlder Creek and 3an:s
Crsz. 8atnr;lay and Sunday only. »3 55a
COAST LINE <Kroa4 lami'. *
m CsT* (Third ami rowrneafl Streets.)
6.10a Ban Joae and W»y StaJons S iOm
t7 00a San Jo»e »n4 W»y Sessions 5 4Q»
7.1Sa Moatrrey an-l Santa. Cruz Excur-
•lon (Sunday only) 1930»
BUOa New AlsjsdeB fTues^ Trli., only). 4.1)]si
8 00a TS- Ces«trr— Sao Jose. SaMdss.
Ban Ardo. Pa*o Robles. Santa
MarcarlM. Sai< Lul» Oblspo.Santa
Barbara. Saa UitRBaventura.
MontnlTo, Oxn»rd, Burbaak. Los
Ar.j-i-'.e* 19-41*
|.00a Ollror. Ifolllsrer. CaatroTllle. Del
Monte, Pnctflc Orore, Surf, Lom-
JM><: 1043»
1.00a »aB Jose. Tres PIbos. Capltola,
BantaCraz.Paclllr Drove. Salinas.
Sub Lnls Obtapo aad rrlaclasl
...» W*/ Station. 4.t(!B»
10 JOa Sas J»m and Way Stations. V2G«»
11-3Ca S»»:a Clara. Situ Jo*«. Los Gum
tad Way St«tl«na 7.30a
lJ0» S«b Jok «od Way Stattona S 3Sa
t3 60pDel Monte Kxpre»»— S«nta Clara,
faa Jo»«. I>il Monte. Mun;r rsy.
Pacific Grove 12 I>#
S-30pBur!l3csme. San J»«e. (illroy. Ilot-
llster. Tres PItics. Pajaro. Capi-
tola. Santa Crsz. CastroTUle,
8al!aas. Pacfflc GroTe 10 45*
4.30»> Pan Jc«o aad Way Statlona 18.00a
tS OOP Santa c;%r%. **m Jose, Lo« Uatoa,
Wright »uit prtoetpal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t900A
{5.30? SaaJaieaadPrinclpaiWayStattaa* |S.4Ja
6 45p Sasiet Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jose. Gllroy.SaMBaa. Paso Uohles.
Eaa Lu!s Oblspo. Santa IWbars.
1.00 Aaj»>«. l">!n!nic. Kl Fa«o,
New Orieann. Sew York .. 7 i(j»
845^ Pajaro, Cspttoia. Santa Crn2. Cas-
trorllle. D»I Monte.Parlflc Orov*. IB 45 •
ti-IBP •>" M»ieo,B«resfOTil,K«4m««»,8a«
r»r:o*. l:ei!wooii. Fair OaXs,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t6-«8A
6 30p Can Jose and Way Stat'ona g 33*
8 OCpPala Alto and Way Stations in ifi»
11 .30p ««u:b SanFrasciseo. Mlllbrse. Bnr-
Hssame, ban Mateu. Belmon^
Saa Carlos. P. ~J w «*tt. Fair Oaks,
MeaJo Park, and faio Alto 9.4Sa>
ill 30pXayncld. MoantaSn View. Soaoy-
ra.'e, Lawreaee. Santa Clara a&4
Saa Jom I3.45>
A for Mornrae. p for Afternow*. ""
t Soaiaj exceatel t Svnday eoiy
*b*lurUay or.lv. * Moa4ay osty.
IS(oss at sTLiuUea* aa Saa^ »y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSGO AND NORTH PAC1F1S
RAILWAY COMPASnr.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Mariet Streeft.
SAIT FKASCZSCO TO SAIT EATAEi.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:0O v ll:0O a, ta. ;
12:S.\ 2:30, 3:40. 8:10. 0:50. 6:30 and ll:3O
p. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— T'.CO. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. nx: l:30»
2:30. 3: 10. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAIS- 6:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:4i>. 5:00. 6:2iX
U:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip «t 1:43 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:49.
3:40. 4:50. 5T00. 5:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. Ta.
tEixcept Saturdays.
L»>avs I In Effset I Arrlva
Fan Kran. I May 1, 1904. 1 8an Fran.
V.eek I Sun- j Destina- I Sun- ! Week'
Days. 1 days. | tion. ; days. | Dajrs.
> tTsoU TTisa T:45»
7:00 a 8:()0a 8:40a S:40a>
8:00 a »:H0a Irnaclo. 10:20 a 10:2<)»
2:3'>p 2:30 p 6:00 p! 6:20 p>
5:10pi5:10p «:2npl7:25>
I 7:25 pi
I 8: >5 p|
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 al 7:45 as
8:0Oa 8:0O a N'ovatO. IO:2O a!lO:2O »
2:30 p P:Wa Petaluma. 6:20 pi 6:-_'0p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 pf 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:4o p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 110:20 a! 10:2t> a
8:COa 8:(TOa Fulton. I 7:25 p 1 8:20 i>
2:o0p 2:aOp j 8:45 pj 7:25 9
j Windsor. | j "
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburgr. |10:20 a 10:20 a
Lyttun.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyderville. 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Clove rdale.
7:3rta 7:30 al Kopland |10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p 1 » nJ Uklah^ _ | 7:23 pi 7:23 p
I ! "wmits. t .-. |~~
7:30 a) 7:.:f*al Sherwood. | 7:23 pi 7:25 p
J»:0Oa| 8:COa! Guernevllle and 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:Wpj 2:30 p| Camp Vacation, j S:l5p| 6:20 p
"j»:C0a! 8:f.0a! 8:40a! S:tO*
5:10 pi l» :"•> a!- Scnom;v K:00r!6:20p
j 5:1!) pj Glen Elleo. 8:45 pj
7:.-0a! T:".0al "" ;io.2f> a:H>:20 *
2:3<>pl 2:.1<)p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 pi fi:2» p
STAGES connect at Santa Hosa for Whit*
Fulpliur Springs' and Mark Weat Sprlnffs; at
T-'ulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at I.ytton for
I.ytton hrirlnss; at Geyservillo for Skagss
S-pring?: at Cloverdalc for the Geyiwrs. Itoone-
ville anj Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnss. H:™r,!,in 1 Sprlnjcs. KelseyviMe. frarls-
bart Springs. Boda V.ay. I^ikepnrt an.l Bartlett
Sprinjrs; at Uklah for Vt<:hy Spring". SaratCK*
Srrinss, riluc Lak.^s. I^aurel Dell !..<[¦..¦. Witter
Sprinss. T'pper l..-W'\ Fomo. Fottrr Valley,
John Day'p. Rivem le, Llerlpy's, Rucknctt'd,
Sanheclrin IletKhts. llul!vi!le. Orr's Hot
Spring*. Halfway House. C'omptche. Camp
Stevens. II< rikir.a Ifendoclno t'ity. Fort Brass;.
Westpcrt. T'sal; at Willita for Port BraKK.
Westjvjrt. Shf-rworx1. Catlto, Co»»lo, I.ayton-
ville. Oimmins. Bell's Ilarrij. Of«.'n3.
Dyer. Garln;rvll!e, Peppcrwood, Srotla and Ku-
rcka.
Saturdny to Monday rcand-trln tickets at re-
duced rat??.
on Sun.laysv— Uounu-trip tickets to all points
beyond Saji Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Oftlce. C3O Market street. Chruntcl*
rjAsUlL FRAZICR. n. X. HV.XN.
Gen. Manager. G"en. I'asa. Ast.
WbbM? Gi $1.00 w Year
\ A1>V^RTIS]E3IENTS. J .- J^- ~
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
DHITED "FIREMEN'S
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1003, and for the year ending on
that day. a s made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Caoltal Stock, paid up
in Cash $300.000 00
Real Estate owned by Company. . $202,034 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 354.86100
Cash Market Valu<! of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 898,678 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 184.800 00
Cash in Company's Office 3,664 60
Ca*h in BanUa 64,067 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.343 65
Intfregt due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7,467 96
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 46.274 53
Rents duo and accrued 425 00
Perpetual Deposits In course of
collection 3,939 14
All other Assets 197 95
Total AsseU $1,758,757 84
LIABILITIES.
Loeses adjusted and unpaid $11,13154
LoEses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 15.085 29
Loeses resisted, including expenses 2.300 00
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks run-
ning cne year or less. $308.-
830 78; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 154,469 89
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $355,-
650 82; reinsurance pro rata 183,251 04
Amount reclatmable by the insured
on perpetual policies 878,105 07
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 193 43
Due and to become due for taxes
and assessments 8,368 86
Total Liabilities .$1.257.908 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $409,672 74
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19,129 57
Received for interest and dividends
<-n Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 46.617 91
Received for Rents 10,027 17
1,137 83
Total Income $436.585 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $20,313 0C losses of
previous years) $230.180 23
Dividends to Stockholders. 30,000 00
Paid "r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 102.755 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
chars«s for officers, clerks, etc. . 30,974 03
Paid for State. National and Local
tastes 11.07073
All other payments and expendi-
tures 85,545 79
Total Expenditures .$440,521 09
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . . $222,41*3 09
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $43,089,787 $516,857 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 40,690.356 486.033 11
Net amount In force
December SI, 1903| 61.777.S49 664.590 60
ROBT. B. BEATH, President.
DENNIS J. SWEENY, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of January, 1904. WM. M. McKEE Jr..
Notary Public.
STATEMENT
OF THE '¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF PEORIA. IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1903,
and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of tho State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioners
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up"
In cash i $200,000 00
ASSETS. ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company $7,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . . 276,658 19
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 180,295 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 71,088 99
Cash in Company's Office 3.863 10
Cash in Banks 96.289 27
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4. 759 97
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8,113 93
Premiums in dua Course of Collec-
tion : 63,721 92
Total assets $701.294 47
# LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $7,993 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense '. 10.000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $^b0,02S 53;
reinsurance 50 per cent 130,014 28
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $248,-
179 40; reinsurance pro rata 149,903 02
Total liabilities ...$29S.0O7 23
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums * $371, 8S5 76
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages IS. 072 01
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 8,166 00
Received for Rents 469 78
Total Incom» ..$396,593 65
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $11,783 47. losses of pre-
vious years) $126,373 09
Dividends to Stockholders 18,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 102,106 06
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 7,250 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 6,944 98
All other payments and expenditures 17,117 05
Total expenditures $276,830 13
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. ...$126,373 09
Risks and Premiums. Fir« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $32,556,476 $4S3,90« 60
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 16.396.511 223,127 63
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903.. 39.199.545 608.207 63
BERNARD CREMER. President.
CHAS. CREMER, Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 8th
day of January. 1904.
WILLIAM F. VOGEL. Notary Public.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ALUAHCE INSURANCE
CORPORATION, LIMITED,
year ending on that day, as made to tne (in-
surance Commissioner of the State or S-*""
fornia. pursuant to the provisions of »««"° n "
610 and till of the Political Code, condensea
aa per blank furnished by the Commta«ioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
k CO jt,**| "CJ
Real Estate owned by Company.. 4
Loans on Bonds said Mortises . . . 145. OW w
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company Bis, •O»»3
Cash In Company's Office 23,8.0 24
Cash in Banks 403,24159
Interest due and -accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,137 57
Duo from o*h«r Companies,
Amenta, etc B92.633 23
Total assets $2,200,232 79
LIABILITY. -
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense J352.T25 89
Loeses resisted, lndudlnu ex-
penses J
Gross sremlums on Fire Risks]
running one year or less. $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent \'
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 159,066 14
running more than one year,
$ : reinsurance pro rata....
Gross oremiums on Marine and'
Inland Navigation Risks.
$ ; reinsurance 100 per cent. I
Groea premiums on Marina Time f 202,700 11
Risks, X : reinsurance 50
cent
Liability under ether departments. 414.831 39
Cash dividend remaining unpaid.. ' 37 50
All other Liabilities S, 534 77
Total liabilities $1,393,055 80
INCOME. — — — —
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums • $408,906 K>
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 463.033 70
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,850 CO
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 35.50S 54
Received for Rents 13.642 35
Fees received for transfers 21,798 M
Received from all other sources.. 561.1S3 30
Total income $1,514,923 12
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losces
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) $253,055 89
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ losses of
previous years) 805.195 34
Dividends to Stockholders 53. 000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 412.028 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,
losses of other branches, etc.... 195 245 64
Paid for State, National ar.d Local
Taxes 8.2013*
All other payments aad expendi-
tures 89.45310
Total expenditures. $1 , 265.1 81 85
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written durins the !
year $212.e41,S90 ! $397,«8 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
'year 220.159.233 4C8.908 63
Net amount In force I
December 31. 19ft3 80.730.157| 159.036 14
Risks and PremlumslMarlne Rlsksl Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $230,140,650 $2,437,223 99
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 241.494.084 2.02«,313 14
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903. | 19.558.360 1S7.760 11
PAUL SZELINSKI, President.
MARCUS MAUEL. Secretary,
subscribed and «wom to before me. this
29th day ot April. 1904.
JAMES H. NOL'NAN.
U. S. Consul General.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 California St., tel - w *'« ***• San Francisco.
Boy* Fmmucl B. McMbaUJ George A. I
t.-i?. William 1'. UyucU. llary E.
t-n«n«ilcr. Margaret I,ynrh. Patrick
Oollx^r Bertha M. McCloud, Georce >\-
»:yt»» VUlliam McConnell. Frank
!>ikei- Helena D. Mctiuade. John
]yati5. Leonard M*.r> (Infant)
narrltr Hannah M. IVterstn. Jacob
«;r«\tir.' nalfy Rode. Cfaristtan O.
Jltnz. August C. Sclilcjrrl. Kllen Jaae
Kellcy Hubert W. Seola, Jennie
l^i(!ley. -Marj- Anne Somers. Burbank
1 -arson. Carl BtrubeL Clarence
I auiW Georce A. Thompson, tllen
ISSStfSSA^A Andrew
cf'john. Matilda and May Boyd. a naU^e
U t^an Francisco, aged Si years.
J^^^^^nrown. 2^^^
Mr^t Oakland. Intermer.t Mountain View
city July IX l»04. William P..
C Wox~c!i "hu*S. C nd S o( • s« M nP. Case, a native
if New Ycrk. HgeU 55 years. _,_.-?
."aturdav*. at 10 o'clock. Irom St. John s
ijis-cpa'l Church. Fifteenth ftreet and
.luiian" averue. Irrterrr.ent O"Pre»s Lawn
CHAKDLCn— In Fruitvale. Alamcda County
.!«fv 14. U»i. Margaret M. f*****"&»*™*
mMl'er rf Thornton and Harvard « handler.
Mr? l\ja B.kctt. Mrs. Frank Williams and
jlrs O. D. Bsrtha. and sitter of Mi» Ro*a
rUchards. Mrs. <:iara Valentine and -.irx. J.
M. llcbunfccr.. a native cf Essex coantj.
\":r£iu!a. * *
I»OI>BEER— In Ntw York City. July 9. 1904.
Bertha M Dc'.teer. daughter of the Ial«
Jotm Dolbeer. a native of 6an Francisco.
t7Kuncral nctice hereafter.
EVDS— In this city. July 14. 1304. at his resi-
atr.c-. .'.27 Franklin «trc*t. William, dearly
beloved husl*i:d of Scrhia Eybs, and father
r f L-.UIS a-iil Emma Eybs. and brother ot
Ueors* rr.d Henry Eyt*. a natlv« of H«n-
ovet. Otrmar.y, aged 52 years 4 months ana
11 dJij-a.
r'XKtlt-in East Oakland. July 14, 1904,
;:<>!? na !>.. beloved moU-.er el Grac« F. and
«ieorpt U. Felker.'a native of Main*, aged
CJ years and 1C days.
KVANS— in this city. July 14. 1904. Leonard
ny— a r.ati\e cf Liverpool/ EnglsJia, ag«o
'S> years 7 menthf and 17 da>"S.
tJT.crr.alns at the mortuary chapel of the
• ;<>idcn Gate Undertaking Company, 2175
JiiFEkn street, near Twenty-first.
CARBITT— In thU city. July 1*. l»04.
liMnnsh M . beloved wife cf the lat>e Petfr
Garrity. a native of Boston. Mass.. aged 57
jcarsi.
Cv'Friendu «i» re»*€ctfully Invited to at-
tend the funral to-morrow ifaturday), at
!• o'clock, from r.er late residence, 414 Locust
street, between CaMtcrnia and Sacramento,
thrnce to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-'
qukrn h'.ch masu will be celebrated for th«
r<K.*c cf her buu! at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemftery. by electric
funeial car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
t-lrrctf.
GRAVFS- In Oaklar.i. July 14. 1304. at 1357
Kirkbaa Ftreet. Daisy, beloved wife cf
Thomas Craves, and mother cf Julia. Alma
?nd Bvelfae Graves, a native of Louisiana,
agr-d 'Ui yase.
HIN'Z— In this city. July 12. 1904. August C.
Hinz of Miil Valley. b«;oved husband of
I>ora Hinz. father of Anita. Otto. Helena.
H>nry. E!»a and Gertrude Hinz, and brother
of A F. Hlr.z, a native of Kappeln. Schles-
wlg-Holstein. Germany, cecd di yean 5
months and 13 days.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t-> atund the funeral to-day
<Fridav>. at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
of hi* brother. Mr. A. F. Hinz. S55 Capp
street, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth: Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KKLLEY— Near Yopcmtte Valley, July 12,
K«(4. Hubert Wood Kelley. younpest son of
ttt Re\. D. O. K»ll«=y. aged 15 years and
S r-'mths.
{LTT.urial service at St. Pcter'si Church,
'¦orner of j-i^ckt<-n and Filbert street*. Sat-
urda\. July 16, at 1 o'clock.
LA I r» LEY— Entered Into rest, in this city,
July 13, 1W4. at 121C Jones 6treet. Mary
Ann<* I^zidley. widow of- the late James
LaJdlejr, a^i-t rofthcr of Mrs. W. O. Farns-
v.nrth. Mn. Louis Weinmann, Kate A.
I-aidley and Mn>. T. I.. Miller, a native of
Bavaria. Germany, aced 80 years 2 months
b^.-J J«> *!ays)
(ryThe funeral Fervi<~e.s tr>-d»y (Friday).
«t 1 :¦•>> o'dodt. at Trinity Church. Hush and
Uooaii streets!. Interment private.
LARS-'UN— In this city. July 10, 1904, Carl
Lerwon. s native of Sweden, aged 54 years.
ITT 1 Remains at the mortuary cl.apel of the
<;olo>n Gat* Undertaking Company, 2475
M:s--ion str«-t. near Twenty-first.
LA I'i'K- Entered into rest. July 13. 1904,
Georgf A. Laurk of fianta Clara, a native
cf California, ar'd 32 years.
C7"Funera! ajid interment t>rtva,te-
LEONARD— In this city. Edward, beloved
husband of Margaret I^eonard. a native of
County Kermanafih, Ireland, aged C5 years.
E^Tno funf-ral wi!l take place to-day
(Friday), at J0:30 a. m,, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Conner £ Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cro«s Cemeterj-. by 11:39
train from Third and Towneend streets.
LIUHT1IALL— In thiF city. July 12. 1904.
<J«-or«;<> Amel Lichthall. bHoved son of
t;«-<->rpe and Winnie Lighthall and brother
r>r Vlulet. I.lr.yd. Milton and Charles LJ?ht-
hs.IL a native of San Francicco, aged 1
>'ar and o Ant.
LYNCH- In thit» city. July 14. 1!KM. Mary E..
bfloved dauchter cf the late Patrick and
klarcaret Lrnrli and beloved Bister of Ed-
ward Lvn'-ii and Mrs. Helen f-»ilma.n, a
native of .San Francisco, aged 2S years 11
months and 2T» (Ja>s.
LYNCH- July 12. i:t04. Patrick, beloved hns-
1-aivJ of N'oraa J^ynch. father of James Tim-
othy. 1 horns*. Patrick. William and' Josi»
l.yn<-!i and Mrs M. Dcnohoe and brother
of Thomas Lyrch. Mrs. D. Sullivan. Mrs. J.
Do»d and the late James and Timothy
Lynch, a native of County Kerry. Ireland,
aped TO years.
C3 r Friend« axd acquaintances are respect-
fully invj'ed ta attend the funeral tj-day
( Friday t, at S:SO o'clock, from hi? late resi-
dtnee. o2 Chrjky street, thence to St. Jo-
»«'uh'e Church, where a requiem high mass
nill be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at y o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McCLOUD— In this city. July 14. 1904. G*orge
XV. MrOou<?. beloved sen of Ames and A.
A. McClcud, a native cf California, aged
•_*C }-ar«
CTRcn-.air.s at the mortuary chapel cf the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mlttiur. street, near Twenty-first, until 3
o'clock p. in. Friday. July 15. Interment
Ktockton. Cal.
McCOXXCLL — In this city, July 14, 1904. ,
Krank Mr«~or.nell, aeed 50 years. A mem-
l"-r of hteamshiD Painters' 1,'nlon. Local No.
aw. Rroth^rhood P. D. and P. of A.
C7H<- mains at the parlors of McFadd*ft, '
Mciiir-arty & Green, 1171 Mlwlon street, be- :
twees Seventh and Eighth.
M<<Ji:ADE— In this city. July 14. I>04. John
tlrarly beloved husband of Julia M. Quad-'
and devoted father of Mrs. H. Abels uid
.Tnhn and Julia McQuad*. ajid grandfather
of Bojcina, Herman and Viola AbcU. a
native of Armasrh. Ireland. (Virginia City
and Pennscola papers pleaxe copy.)
C7"Frlen<Js ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), m 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. S€5 Bryant street, between Sixth
and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where u. r>auiem hlsrh man will be cele-
brated for the repose of his so-ul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. July 8, 1804, beloved
infant <on of William H. and Alice E.
Moore.
PETERSEX— In this city. July 14 1804
Jacob Peterwn. beloved husband of Carri*
Petersen. a native of Denmark, ared 51
years 8 months and 16 days.
RODE— In Frultvale, July 13. 1904. at his
residence. 320 Nlccl avenue, Frultvale
Christian G. Rode, beloved husband of Marie
M. Hode. and beloved father of Otto F
' tara II. and Walter E. Rode and Mrs. Mae
Otroi^shausian. a native of Germany, aged
<:~ y^-ara 9 months and 5 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. July 15, at 2 o'clock, at the German
I^uth'rai Zicn Church corner Twelfth and
Myrtle streets, Oakland. Interment private.
Pleas? «<mlt flowers.
BCMLEGEL — In Ocean Vi»w July 13 1904
Ellen Jane, dearly beloved wife of Con
SchlerM. and mother ef Mr*. G. Autagne
ard MatU Thomas, Ells. Harry. G*or«tie
>»r.d Maud Grady, end eister of Thomaa
McGlow. Mrs. R. A. Roberts and Mrs. O.
J. Urad^n. a native of Boston, Mssn., ag*d
42 y*ars 11 month* and 29 day*.
CTTttends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend the funeral to-morrow
«t=atuid«y). July 19, at 9:30 o'clock, from
her law residence. 421 Plymouth street
«>cean View, thrnc* to Et. Michael's Church
rh*r* a requl»ni high mass will be cele-
brated for the ret>cse ef her bouI. commenc-
ing at 10 o clock. Interment Holy Croat
Ometrry. '
BCOLA— la this city. July 14, 1904. Jeanie.
rtearly beloved wife of Rocco Scola and
daughter of Mrs. Josephine Longo.' and
:nother of Joseph. Annie. Mar). Nlcholie.
FFNRY J. CA'.LACH^R CO.
< Successors to Flunnaj-an /: Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS
20 Kifth «.. or»po»lte Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
..^,, Kori n p rly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at K«J MISSION. Tel. Bcuth 167.
Between Fourti and Fifth, near Fifth et.
Klnett equipments at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. IJeliry'Hansen. I
jamks McGinn & co 1
Formerly With Mdiinn Bros. I
r ™«-raJlJirc-cU>rs «nd Embalmcrs I
214 Eddy tt.; Tel. South E7tt. I
Teresa, I-oretta. Nlchola.« and \ incent
Rcola and Mrs. Jo^r>Mr:< > Scaflre, a native
I of I'alernu. Italy, acod 52 years.
i EOMEns— In tills < ity. July M, 1904. Bur-
bank, tho dear son ut William James and
Kate Burl>arik Fomois, and beloved brother
of Dr. Gf-orse U. Somers and Mrs. Fred C.
Peterson.
C7"His friends ar«* Invited to attend the
funeral rcrvlces at his late reFidcncc. lO-'H
Mission street. Sunday. July 17, at 1:30
o'clock. Interment «rl\ate.
6TRUBEI.— In this city. July 12. 1904. Clar-
ence Frederick, dearly beloved son of Fred-
erick J. and Lizzie Strubel. loving brother
of Lydia, Maroella and Ethel Strubel, and
grandson of Mrs. Elizabeth Danz. a native
of San Francisco, nged 14 years and D
months.
E7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atund the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, Irom the residence
or his parents. 1400 Silver avenue, near San
LJruno avenue, thence to All Hallows Church.
Sixteenth avenue and P street South. South
San Francisco, where a requiem hish nun
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul.
commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
THOMPSON— In this city, July 14, 1304,
Eilen, beloved wife of George Thompson,
. end mother of Mrs. R. J. -Smith, Mrs. O.
Jenscn and Sophia, George and Bella
Thompson, a native of Ireland, ared 60
years.
i ICTFuneral «nd Interment at Rio Vista.
' WHITE— In this city. July 14. 1004. at his
I residence, 2708 Bush street. Andrew, beloved
husband U Emma F. White, ar.d father of
Drew, Stella V. ar.J Beatrix V. White, a
nathe of St. John, New Brunswick, aged
e.i> years. A member of Georf^ H. Thomas
Pest No. 2. G. A. R.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RAJIAVAY TRAVEIj.
Iff W^mI \*
& CALIFORNIA '
a LIMITED TO CHICAGO j
! i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSMTS !
Sat J):;tO a. m., through in i\ dayi, i
E| with diner and all trapping's. ;
Other Santa 7« Trains:
9-30 a' m 'l fOr Stockton - Ffesno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m'.J Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OF7ICSS — 641 Market St. and,
Perry Depot. S. P. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 87 South Pint St^
San JOse. ' ¦
¦ tosanrafael
ross valley;
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sauaallto Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45, 8:30 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 a' m
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20 1:45 3-15
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50, fi:C5, 7:15. 9:00 10:'J0.
11:85 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:ii. H:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 1140
a m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, .1:15 4:0O 4-:»
5-15. 5:50. «:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:C0. 10:20." 11:S5
p m.
Arrive at San Francisco week days 6-17
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20, ll:05'a. "m *
12:05. 1:25. 2:50. 3:.".5. 4:20. 5:05 5:40 Cl.V
«:o.">. 7:35. 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holiday* extra trains arrive at 12:45 «»C5
8:f.O p. tn. "¦¦."-¦"
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, S:::e 0-15 10-0O
11:00. 11:40a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45 230 715
and S:15 p. m. :.!-"-.•
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:15 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For tolnt Reyes'
etc.
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
drro, etc.
5:15 p. rn. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. :-:>¦'
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market st
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Xacsalito Ferrr Arrire "
San Krauclsco Y**l »f fltrtct St. San Fran Cisco _
Week 6«n- sun- 1 Weet
Days. days. /f^*«$/?5S< days^ _D».t.i.
~8:307 K^^S4^ 12:45 r* S:"<5";
....10:00a V^^2V?« 2:05 i- •« 1:05 \
10:00 a 11:00 a 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45r12;20r 6:40 r 6:15 i
B:tftr 1:45 r ySgBur B:15r 10:05 1
, 4:36r yfjr 8:50 r
•llaCrtTittCar. * Taatlssli U till T»K«y.
Tickxt (826 Markkt St. (N«rth nhore Railroad)
Omcu land Sacsalito Fxxst, Toot Market St.Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 14.— Clearings. $794,052;
balances, $102,465.
TACOMA. July 14.— Clearings, $371,504 •
balances, f 35, 095. '
PORTLAND. July 14.— Clearings, $554,903;
balances. $59,923.
SPOKANE, July 14.— Clearings, $392,088
balances, $40,044.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 14.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 66c; bluestem, 75c; valley. 78c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, but holders are asking full prices
and the tone is firm. Common are quoted at
4@5<4c: prime. 5%@6c; choice, 0@>6%c; fancy
at 7c.
PRUNES— Show no material change from
the conditions recently reported, with prices
still ranging from 2«4c to 8c. according to
grade. "
APRICOTS— Are quiet. Buyer* consider the
views of sellers too high and seem to be hold
ing off for a lower market later, while holders
show no disposition to stimulate business - by
concessions. Choice are quoted at 9>Val0e;
extra choice. lOmriOUe; fancy. 11©13c.
TEACHES — Are steady, with choice quoted
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK. July 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2.J.C0O barrels; exports, 1700" barrels. Dull,
but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. ' 11,000 bushels. Spot
steady; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 08>4
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth $1 OTM>
f. o. b. afloat. The early wheat market was
strong and higher, but turned weak and closed
Vi©Hc net lower. July. !>9ije<3$l 00^. closed
at 95«c; September. 90%©fliV. elbted I at
ftO^c: December, 89«»<S90)ic, closed at M>*4c
HOPS — Steady. '
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Rio. steady; mild, firm. Futures
opened steady at unchanged prices and closed
quiet, net unchanged to 5 point* higher with
sales of 7600 bags, including September. '6.00Q)
0.10c; December. 6.35c; March. fl.65c
SUGAR— R*w. nominal; refining, quiet
BUTTER— Firm: street prices, extra cream
ers. 17%®l*c: official prices, creams, common
to extra. 13<gl79ic; State dairy, common to
extra. 12®17c.
CHEESE — Easy; State, full creams, small
white, fair to fancy. 7%®8c; small colored,
fair to fancy. 7>^@S^c; large white, fancy,
7%c: large colored, fancy. 7%®7%c.
EGGS — Firm and unchanged.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
LONDON, July 14. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12.914
bales, including a superior selection of me
dium and greasy crosebreds which sold at an
advance of 5 per cent. Coarse croesbreds wero
In Rood demand and .settled 7^@10 per cent
hUher. Cape of Good Hope and Natal grades
were in good demand.
A sale of sheepskins was held In Mincing
Lane to-day. The offerings numbered 318»
balen. Competition was unsatisfactory, partic
ularly phort wopled skins. Coarse, full-wooled
crossbreds advanced 5 per cent. Fine cross
bred* were unchanged. Half-wooled pelta were
in poor demand and declined 10 per cent.
London Wool- Market.
Spot closed quiet. 10 points higher; middling
uplands. 11.25c; middling uplands gulf, 11.50c.
Sale3. 1900 balca.
NEW TORK. July I4._cotton futures
opened firm: July. 10.81c; August, 10.63c; Sep
tember. 9.90c; October, 9.62c; November, 9.55®
9.60c; December. 9.36c; January, 0.50c.
Futures closed firm; July, lie; August,
10.98c; September, 10.08c: October. 9 6Sc- No
vember. 9.63c: December. 9.63c; January. 9 64c-
February, 9.63c. -™-.
New York Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 6 6 6 7Vj 6714
Closing 6 6% 6 8 6 8%
PARIS. I
Wheat— July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday. /
Flour—
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The rate of discount In the open maket for
short hills Is 2H per cent and for three months'
bills 2U@2*i per cent.
Cons money S9 0-16! NT Y Central i">2
Do for acct.89 13-161 Nor & Western'" fill'.
Anaconda 3% I Do pfd ' rj>
Atchison 7S lOnt & Western*" n W.
,,I?OPM K% Pennsylvania ...'. ei%
Bait & Ohio 85 Rand Mines .. iou
Can Pacific 128% Reading .'" .»e%
Ches & Ohio 34»4 Do 1st pfd.. . ' 43*
Chi Great West.. 14 14 Do 2d pfd \r
Chi. Mil & St P..15H4ISO Railway ...V «]«;
De Beers 10 | Do pfd ' n 0 Rl
Den & Rio G 23U So Pacific 61%
Do pfd 84 v; Union Pacific ... fifliit
Erie 23V Do pfd . .' 00«4
Do 1st pfd r,2% IT S Steel 12V?
Do 2d pfd .18% Do pfd ' £k
III Central 138 Wabash ui;
LouN & Nash 112m Do pfd 37U
M. K & Texas 19 ( Spanish 4s , S6
Bar silver— Dull. -269;d per ounce.
Money — 2@2'.£ per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
The fottovtnf rr.axirr.um and minimum tem
perature? a'-* reported for the previous day
frcrn Etrtem »tatt'n*:
Eoston 7*<- T.*> New Orleans KS-76
Cir.'-ir.natl *£-Gi 'Philadelphia W>-«2
Jacksonville '.Hi-Ii \Vaf=hingron 76-54
Ct. LouiF 61-7uNew York sO-fc-J
S^r; Francisco 60-52
THE COAST RECORD.
b s 2 r 5 5
I nn^ n 1
FTATIONS. - '.- S5 =2 a-- 5
** " S ~ Cm ** *-
"• * * . t —
• •• — • o
'. c - • '. s
'. • • • '. '
T-aker 20. M 78 46 ~N Cloudy Too
< '*:r- r. ITO.tfl 7C 52 BW Clear .00
Euneka -jst.Ki ta 4<; s cloudy .a4
Fl f gnu ».74 Vi «6 NW Clear .00
t-'K. FJirallcu. .2».n2 S» 53 W Vt.Cldy .(«
Flagstaff 23. K2 Kl 40 F\V Clear ,O0
I'.K.attllj 'J0.i',2 S4 S2 SW Cloudy .<X)
lr.dcj-emienie .29.62 94 «(» W Clear .0-.»
I-oj- Ane>.'.ff. C9.«2 76 5t EW Clear .00
Mt.Tarr.falpiis a».»l OJ (X) NW Pt.Cldy .00
North Iieai..2a.LI o4 50 EE Rain .4t
rh.rfnix L1».<;4 ir>4 70 V/ Clear .<X>
J't. lleyet Lt..».«s r.9 M NW Cloudy .00
I'onian<J rj.«K» *A 52 PK Rain .16 j
R(d Mluff 'JS.CS vs tS HV/ Cloudy .Ot*
Huheburg 2a.«6 CO 4s FE Rain .10
hitraraeaw ,.23.S» 70 38 SW Ctoady .<)0
Halt Lake 2:».<^ 68 4$ S Pt.Clily .001
fur Francis'-o. 29.94 e.t) 52 W Clrar .00
S. L. Obis?o.. - _ > 9.R>l 70 4R NW Clear .00
Fan DK-go r*>.*4 CS <K> JiW Clear .00
Flattie rt.f-4 en So W Rain .02
FtxiJcurie 7S 4C S Cloudy .Ch>
Tatr.o»h 29.S4 52 40 E Rain .30
Vtl't Walla.. "-.it.. ".4 8'> 54 W Cloudy Tr
Wiimerrrucea .2S».3S M 54 SW Cloudy .00
"i uma 2».«6 104 80 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance overlies the northern
half (.' the Pacific Coast. The first southeaster
cf the reason has appeared and rain Is falling
et Ros«b'jrK, Portland. North Head, Befitle
•r.d Tatoof-i; Island. Good rain has fallen at
F.urrka and condition* ore favorable for rhow
*r» tn Nr-rthern CaJIfornia by Friday morning.
TI.e terr.perature has fall«^i from 10 to 20
tiegre*, in the Sacramento Valley and north
wit rd to Portland.
The foOowlas; h:?h winds are reported; North
Head. 4S r.iii's j*-r hour, from the fwulhcast;
Eacramento. 30, foutbeaEt; Wlnnemucca, 42,
southwest, arid San KiancUco. 36, weet.
• Fore-ns* mjide » t r^j, Francirco for thirty
hours ending mlfinigh;. July 13:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Friday, with rhowers In northern por
tion; brisk to high southerly winds; continued
cool.
. Southern Calif orcia— Fair Friday; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
probably thowers; high youthweft winds
Pan Francia<To and vicinity — Cloudy 'unset
tled weather Friday. p^sMbly eh'wers: light
•outherly winds. rt»HCin« to bris«k westerly.
A. G. Mr a DIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
K<-ir the t»-*«ty-four hours ending 5 p. m
120th nwrfdlan time. San Francisco, July 14.
S K - n> -
H- m m»
-- = a *» • E. 9
— — r 2 .- -- -*
Illl I °
STATIONS. • S. c * =5"
? ? * I 2-1
MM r
Cloverdale '...85 60 clear
Colusa 69 60 dear .00
Eureka 6* 4« B Cloudy m
Frerno »« «G NW Clear 00
Hanford 9» fiO .... Clear 'oo
Holllster hi 34 W Pt.Cldy 00
Indtpendence »4 V» W Clear 00
Kins City M 40 N Clear ,0<»
Uvermwre 86 50 .... Clear 00
Los Anffele* 7« 34 SW Clear "00
Naja 71 CS SW I>t.<Jldy [00
Newman »» M Cl?ar .00 '•
Palermo ,S7 «4 Pt.Cldy .«x>
Red Bluff RS C8 SW Cloudy w
Klverside SS M Clear .00'
t-acrammto 78 M SW Cloudy uo
tan Diego C8 60 BW Clear ioo '
SHKEP— Receipts. 500. Market 10c higher.
Mutton. $3@3 75; lambs, %l 25@1{ 25; fed ewes
»3@3 7S. • '
KANSAS CITY. July 14.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts 10.000. Strong to 10c higher. Native
steers, $4©S 25; native cows and heifers, $3<3>5;
stockers and feeder*. $2 75«M 75; calves. $2 6O?j>
6: bulls. ?2 50«*4; Western steers, $4@5 50;
Western cows, 521J4.
HOGS— Receipts. L'000. Market 15S25C higher.
Bulk of rales. $4g-5 23; heavy, $5 20®5 35;
packers, $5 10@5 25; pigs and lights, S4 2fMf
5 15. •
CHICAGO. July 14.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 50®
6 15; poor to medium, $4 5O<35; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@4; heifers. $1 50«l ,'.O; canners,
$1 COQ'2 80; bulls, $2@3; Texas fed steers, $4 85
@4 90.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 3000; to-morrow,
10,000. Unevenly higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 30£j5 65; good to choice heavy, $5 45@3 65;
rough heavy, $5 20515 45; light, $5 20@5 CO;
bulk of ealen, $5 35@5 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 25®5; fair
to choice mixed, |3 25<^4; native lambs, $3 50Q>
4 50.
Kansas City.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 14.— On the Produce Ex
rhange to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 13#17c; dairy. 12®15c; eggs, firm,
14%Ql5?ic: cheeee, steady. 8fiS%c.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
120th Meridian, Pacific Time.)
6 AN FRANCISCO. July 14—5 p. m
Weather Report.
Money— U 8 Steel pfd... 60%'
Call loans 2{i3'i Westing Common. 78 I
Time loans 3^4% Mining •
Bonds — Adventure ... 1'4 i
Atchison 4b 101%|AUouez Rtl I
Do adj 4s 93%|Amal Copper . . .'. 5:?^ :
Mex Central 4s... Gl%l Amer Zinc nqi ''
Railroads— I Atlantic s« '
Atchison 7!S%|Wngham 051*.
Do pfd S(5 «4 1 Calumet & Hecla 470 <
Boston & Albany. 24tf I Centennial O 4'i :
Boston & Maine.. 1<:R [Copper Range 5."Ji4 1
Boston Eltv 1M %| Daly West " "0»-
Fitchburg pfd 137 I Dom Coal .. 44
Mex Central «*i!Kranklln .-. 714
N Y, N H & H..192 iGrancy 9*!
Pere Marquette... 76 1 1<=1«; Rovale " 11
Union Pacific 93%iMas* Mining .." 4ii
Miscellaneous— (Michigan 4*i
Amer Arge Chem. 1.1% I Mohawk 44
Do pfd 75 1 Mont Coal & Coke 3U
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 |Old Dominion ... 13U
Amer Sugar 129 Ogceola «.•>
Do pfd 12*% I Parrot "*¦• sn&i
Amer Tel & Tel.l2«»iiQulncy .'."" 09
Amer Woolen ... 1 I'll Shannon "' k.v
Do pfd 7flU I Tamarack ' 01
Dom Iron & 8... 8i4!Trinlty ' «
Ed Elect Ilium.. 24S I TT S Mining'.""" 21 W,
Gen Klectric ....1O> ITT SOU.. fis?
Masa Electric... 2O*4Ji;tah
Do pfd 74 I Victoria ...'.'.'. 3 * :
Mass Gas HP (Wlnona <)»4 I
United Fruit 10«%l Wolverine . ' 7C
U S Steel 11*41
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK. Ju.y 14.— To-day's stock mar
ket was similar to yesterday's market to the
extent that strength an<3 weakness were dis
cernible in it. »ide by side, profit-taking" in one
quarter being offset by new advances in an
other. Hut the reactionary note was rather
more dominant than yesterday, and the later
market failed to reypend In the same way to
the t-fforts to effect a comprehensive rally.
This was partly because the traders who rought
the advance were more cautious than yesterday
in putting out fhort lines, the forced covering
of which was an important factor in the late
rally. The volume of dealings to-day was
much less than yesterday. The market was
fctill one of a great deal of animation and
breadth and good absorptive power for the
large offerings to take profits when they were
thrown upon It. Probably the most potent fac
tcr in the reaction was the absence of a de
cision on the Northern Securities distribution
case. The adjournment for another week of
the annual meeting of the Northern Pacific
stockholders indicates that their previous ad
journment until to-day was not with definite
knowledge of the decision, as was assumed yes
terday. Pome incongruity was recognized In
the simultaneous upward movement of Union
Pacific, and the Northern Securities which oc
curred yesterday on the rumor of this decision,
which must necessarily be to the advantage or
one party and at the cost of the ether. The
speculative nature of yesterday's movement In
those stocks thus strongly pointed ta ihe in
creased disposition to sell them and take profits.
A bluet pronouncement from the president of
the Northern Securities Company of skepticism
of the Oovemmenfe wheat crop as far too lib
eral and a frai.k admission from the president
of the Atchlson of the serious damage to the
crop wrought by the rain caused more serious
attention to be given to that question than
yesterday. The violent rise In the wheat mar
ket was an additional warning, and the Gov
ernment on the condition cf the foreign crops '
(Sid not reveal the amount of damage there
that has b*en held to account for the recent
strength in our wheat market. On the other
hand, the more favcrab'.e condition of the cot
ton crop and the renewed foreign demand for
that staple proved of some benefit to the cot
ton carrier*, notably Louisville and Nashville
and Southern Railway.
These stocks shared with Reading Amal
gamated Copper and People's Gas the role of
sustaining points in the market. The ajvances
were not accounted for by any specific news
and th?y were net strong enough to hold the
market, which sold to the lowest point of the
day in the final hour. The reported prospect
of a settlement of the meat packers' strike was
Snored as much as the initiation cf the strike
The market' closed irregular and slightly above
the lowest.
The bond market was firm. Total sales nar
value. $2,790,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sale*. High. Low. Close
AUhison 19,000 70U 75Vi 75«i
Atrhison pfd 1.000 H5aJ 65Vt 95
' Bait & Ohio 7,800 S3*, '83' '83%
P.alt /k Ohio pfd : ..:.¦¦ .... ».J^
j Canadian Pacific... 700 12314 125 125U
'Central of N J ... 100 1601-4 • 166U 163H
| Chesap & Ohio 2,400 Z3% ¦ 33'4 . 33V,
I Chi & Alton 800 40 40' 88
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 SOU 801J SO
Oil A. O Western.. 2.300 I4>4 14' 13T*
Chi & Northweetn. 900 175»i 175 175%
CM Mil &. Ft Paul. 23,800 147% > 149>4 14«%
Chi Mil & St P pfd 400 182 ISO 179%
Chi Term & Trans G
CM Term & T pfd 15
C C C & fit Louis. 1,000 7G 74% 75
Colo Southern 400 15»i 15^; 15%
Colo South 1st pM 49%
Colo S.juth 2d pfd. - 20O 21% 21% 21
Del & Hudson 2.000 1M>U 103 158%
Del Lack & West 2(J8%
IVnver /fc R O 200 22*, 22% 22%
Denver & R G pfd. 700 73 72«4 72%
Erie 11,100 26% 24% 25
Erie 1st pfd l.Roo til eo% «>*;
Erlf- M r« 300 :»S% 37% 37%
HcKklng Valley ... 400 H7% R7 «C%
Hoiking Val pfd... 100 £2% R2% 82
Illinois Central ... 1,700 135 134% 134%
Icwa Central COO 19% is 18
Iowa Central pfd 35%
1C C Southern 400 53 2*' 21%
K C Southern pfd. 500 43 43 42%
Louis A Nash .... 8.300 115% I13U 114«J
Manhattan L ..... 1.000 152ti 151% lBltf
Metropolitan Secu. 7.+00 88*4 87 .87%
Metropolitan ftt Ry 22.300 117% ll."> T i ll«»k
Mexican Central... 13.400 9% g*i flfi
Mlr.n & Kt Louis.. .... . * 42*
M fitP A Bit Ste M 2,400 70' 09*' 70*i
M gtP&SltKt M pfd 1.700 127U io 6 ii 12C *
Missouri Pacific .. 4,700 9314 02% WV,
Mo Kan & Texas.. ;{Q0 18% 17% i«
Hi Kan & Tex pfd 2.000 S9% MU s»
N R R of Mex pfd ., * flu.
N Y Central 1.800 linij lis% H814
Norfolk & We«tern 3,000 60U 5J»% m«?
Norfolk & W pfd ™ Zn 7 *
Ontario & Western. 7.000 29*4 28*; 29
Pennsylvania 2C.300 119 llsii HSU
Plus C C & St L ** 6?2
Reading 17.400 62*4 31% 52
Reading 1st pfd... 200 S3% 83% R3«
Reading 2d pfd ... J! T... '71*
Rork Island Co ... 18,100 22H 22Vi 2"«i
Rock Island Co pfd 1.900 67% wl 67«
St L U S F 2d Pfd. 1.700 48H 47U 47?
St Louis 8 W .... 200 13 13 Jotf
S t Louis S W pfd. 2.000 32 81 u$
Southern Pacific .. 36.800 &0% sou 60Vi
Southern Railway.. 24.100 24% 23% 24%
Southern Ry pfd... 2.400--R9 &% ||57
Texas &. Pacific... 1,600 25% 25 -25
Tol St L t West.. 700 25% 25% 25«.
Tol St L & XV pfd. 200 3714 37 36*i
Union Pacific. 47.900 04% 83V4 «3%
Union Pacific pfd ' .... 03%
Wabash 300 16ft ie'j ic-j
Nero York Stock Market.
CHICAftO. July 14— Flour was steady: No.
2 rprlny wheat. COc<SJ$l; No. S. 94c; No. 2
red, ft 10«Tl 12; No. 2 corn. 49»ic: No. 2 yel
low, 51<S31H<*: No. 2 oats. 37%: No. 3 white,
<mf}A%h*c: No. 2 rye, 68c; good feeding bar
ley. SBirKJSc; fair to cholee malting; "43@.')0c: No.
1 flaxseed. $1 14; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 19Vti ;
prime timothy seed, $2 95; mesa pork, per bbl,
(12 70JH2 75: lard, per 100 lbs, SO 82%®6 S3;
rtiort ribs eldes (loose), $7 25@7 40; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 -".".liT CO; whisky, basis of
hifrh wines. $1 2S; clover, contract grade. $10 73
©11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrel? 22,200 19,400
Wheat, bushels 6,000 .30.000
Corn bushels 190,300 359,400
Oats, bushels 111,600 156,900
Rye. bushels 1,000
Barley. bu»hel» 6,900 200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
WASHINGTON*. July 14.— To-day'9 state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the 5150,000.000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $155,514,744; gold.
$.%ti,15ti,029.
Condition of the Treasury.
Provisions.
NEW YORK. July 14— Close— Money on call
eto\ l®Hi per cent; closing bid, 1 per cent;
I'fTered, 1 \i p*r cent. Time money easy, elxty
days and ninety days. 2@2^ per cent; six
months. ;t^g^L] t>er cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3V«@"3»i per cent.
Sterling rxchange, easy, with actual busl
nf!« in bankers' bills* at $4.S71C.!g4.8715 for de
mand and at $4. 84^054.845*0 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates, ft 8fig4 SS; commercial bills,
?* 8470.
Bar silver. f>7-%c.
Mexican dollars. 45lic
Government bonds cirady; railroad bonds
flna. j. ;.
New York Money Market.
Business on all th» local exchanges was
somewhat quieter again yesterday. Krea the
Tonopah ¦ stocks were less active, thougb they
sold very well. On the Bond Exchange
Hawaiian Commercial got back to So3 and
California Wine sold at ISO 23689.
Late assessments are: Honolulu Plantation
Company. $3. delinquent July 2S; Last Chance
"Water Ditch Company. J5O. delinquent August
6: Lakeside Ditch Company. 10c. August 13:
Alliance Co-operative Mill and Exchange Com
pany, 10c, August «; Provident Oil Company,
lc. August 6.
Business on 'All the Exdtanges
Rather Quieter Again,
STOCK MAEKET.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7%O
9Hc: Peaches. 5>4©7Hc per lb. Old crop — ¦
Evaporated Apples. 6V40"Hc; sun-dried. 3®
4%c.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2®2Vic for the four
sizes
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1901
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 4-erown,
4c ptr lb; 8- crown, 4Hc; 2 -crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless 4c: seedless Sultanas. ZV,c; seedless
Muscatels. 3%c; do floated. 3V,c; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-o» carton*, fancy. 5V4c; choice. 6%c;
12-02 cartons, fancy. 4^c: choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy, 3Hc; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $2: London
LayerB 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS — V/alnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13H®14c:
No. 2 H 1 -i i ei2c; >'o. 1 hardshell, 13013«4c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. ll>4c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plu* Ultra
and 9 Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7e for
Kastern: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@S.
HONEY— Comb. lH<j012Hc for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. 5®
6c: light amber extracted. 4Va#5c; dark.
8U04&
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Flour. c.r ska .. S5,S32| Middlings, sk*.. fO
Wheat, ctla .... 810 Hay. toes ...... JST
Barley, ctls .... 1.770 Straw, tona .... 5
Oats, ctls 889 Wool, bale* .... 133
Corn, ctla 8 Tallow, ctla ... 24S
Rye. ctls. 65 Hide*. No. 1.C86.
Potatoes, ska .. 2.711 Pelts No. 43$
Shorts, ska .... 323 Leather, roll* .. 39
Hops, bales .... 4!LJme. bbla 368
Onions, sks ... BSf> Wine gals ..... 84.325
Bran, sks *,016J
FOR THURSDAT. JTTLT 14.
Receipts of Produce.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
J Kan Francisco 60 52 W Clear .00
lEan Jose 80 49 .... Clear .00
San Luis Obisno....76 48 NW Clear .00
Rosa 70 4S .... Clear .00
Stockton S3 «5 Clear .00
•WIIIotvs 90 <J3 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanford— Excellent crop of peaches; grain
good: grape prospects excellent.
Cclusa — Barley harvest continues; prunes
! and j;parp in good condition.
Riverside— Grain crop will be lleht.
HolllMT— Harley yielding above estimate in
I Pan .1 •aquin Valley.
Palermo — High south wind blowing off
| fruit : j^ars suffering most.
Stockton — Hay baling progressing; heavy
I shipment scuth.
Naps — Hay ready for market; medium crop.
Willows — Prunes dolnc well; fair crop.
L:\-ermore — New hay being hauled Into
, warehouses.
Newman— Conditions the same.
S»n Jose — Prunes coming In slowly.
Clovcrdale — Windy; premise of a large crop
j of prunes.
Fanta Ko*a — Hay baling continuing; favor
able for growing crops.
A. G. McADIE.
i ..
CHICAGO, July 14. — Weather and crop news
were of an almost sensational character and
short sellers concluded there was little mercy
for them in the conditions developed by the
renewed rains and were desperate buyers.
Old July wheat— the fancy deal— which closed
on Wednesday's advance at 95Vic, opened to
day at UTJaWT^e arid moved up to 98}«c, 3c
higher. New July sold at 'J5Vj®9ti%c to first
trtidera and went to 'J~*ie. For the new
September the big speculative position, the
price started at ST^fcS-Sc and the top was
SS'/sC a shade less than l^ic over the close
last night. Then followed a .period of heavy
tiroflt-takin;;, realizing sales by all classes of
longs. Prices had a quick backnet and the
break of the market in thirty minutes was
9S*4c to 97c for the old July and from 8SHc
to fcTVic for the new September. December's
price, after lc advance to S"c. reacted to
SCHc One of the principal factors in the.
advance was the official report of Secretary
Coliurn of the Kansas Bureau. It declares
that long-continued rains have made It Im
possible to save the Kansas wheat in mer
chantable condition. A Kansas City authority
pieced the damage to the winter wheat har
vests since July 1 at 50,000,000 bushels. From
Nebraska most serious claims were made of
rust and blight. The Ptate bulletin put the
yield at 30 per cent of average crop. Liver
pool was ?s®Wi higher. English country
markets were up »>d to Is and very strong.
Mills were reported as buying wheat at $1
a bushel in Tennpf3ee. July prices held pant
of the 3c advance, resting at 97c old ana
90 Vie new. New Septemlxr, after a rally from
Hb%c to 87%n In the lust hour, settled back
at the close at SC%@S«»ic, or *4c under last
ni^ht.
Strength in wheat brought out a good de
mand for corn. September starting with a
gain or #<c@Uc at -W%<i}W%c. With the
break in wheat corn declined to 48*ic. The
close showed a slight improvement, although
but a trifle above the bottom, at 48%c.
Oat* was firm at the outset, inspired by
the bullish action of wheat, with September
up U@%c. A steady decline was scored, final
trade being at the lowest point for the day,
82 U6.
¦Weakness In provisions was due to lack of
support. Interests that have been credited
with bulling the market sold generously In
prospects of a settlement of the stock yards
strikes. September pork closed 22 He oft at
$12 fi'Va. Lard was down 12V4c; ribs showed
a net loss of 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. , Low. Close.
Wheat. Xo. 2—
July, old 98 Smi 96?4 07
July, new 06^ !»7% 95^ 06^
September, old. S9 S9U 87*i 87%
September, nrw 88 SS^i 86% S6«I
Corn, No. 2—
July 40*; 49-% 48% 491J
Poptember 4!Hi 49»; 4S»« 48%
December 43% 45U, 44% 4i%
Oa.s, Xo. 2—
July .10^ 40 3!) 30 Vi
September •V.'-'S 32 % 32^ 32%
December 3!'i 33^i 32T» 33
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 70
September 1" or. 1.110 12 80 12 85
October 13 12»i 13 124 12 85 12 83
Lard, »er 100 lbs»—
July « 92»i 6 92^i 6 80 6 R2U,
September 7 W> 7 05 « s»2 4 rt 05
October " in 7 10 6 U7*4 7 02Va
Hhort nibe, Dcr ICO lbs—
July 7 42 Vj 7 45 7 42'i 7 424
September 7 «5 6 67 >£ 7 57^4 7 00
October 7 C7^ 7 67^ 7 62ft 7 65
Future Grain and Provisions.
IVali-strcct Stocks unsettled and irregular. Cotton higher.
Business qv.iclcr again on local stock exchanges.
Changes in Silver and Exchange narrow.
Wheat and Barley continue active and strong.
Nothing r.ezc in Oats. Corn or Rye.
Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds inactive, liitk lima Beans very firm.
Potatoes cnxd Onions in light receipt and -firm.
Poultry and Game in fair supply and unchanged.
Continued demand for Fresh Fruit for local and shipping use.
Tea market quoted active and very steady.
Excessive supplies break the Butter market.
Cheese quiet and unchanged. Eggs still advancing.
Provisions still affected b\ the strike.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Hops, potatoes and gardens are uneven:
¦mhTe rain hae fallen ibey are doing well;
»-h« re <Jroupht i*revai!i> they are from poor
to good- depending ui>or their cultivation and
the capacity of the #«!i for retaining moisture.
Pe&/-h<-s ire beginning to cet ripe and a fair
cm;, will be picked. The cherry season if
drawing to a *-lo*e. and the yieldi were much
bet'.»r than expected.
The report of Edward A. Reals, section di
rector. Vnited Sta;»s Wcathfr Hureau. for the
Oregon Crot> Bulletin for the week ended July
12. is as follows:
During the p&5t we»-k the rainfall in the
eastern f>ecncr.» of the .^tate has been ample,
and in some limits area* it na» l>een ex<-es
*l\-e and attended by h:ch w irvis and hail,
which have <1or.t- oonsiiierjiMe damage to th«?
crops lyJrs within the track? of these f=ti>nris.
In the KMt»rn f«e<-tion cf the Ftate drought
«-ontinu*-is and no rajn r»f rons^quenre has oc
curred since Juti" 2. «"xi-ept in some of the
coa>t e<->ur:iiee an<i in the high le~el t-ections of
Southern Oregon, where local rains have fallen
erxl creatly Improved late crops.
Fall wheat i* filling nicely and its harvest
»i!l become general this week. Fall barley
1* alf-o maturing and rrnmij»f to yield above
the average. Early F>>wn taring grain iy ri
r*-r.:ng arj-i a fair crop will be harvested. Ijite
i"»wn Fprir.g wheat in the Willamette Valley
Is very po<>r; some of it hap already b«-en cut
Jor hay and some will not j>ay to cut even for
this purpose. Good rains within the next f*w
days will help nctne fleMs of late sown spring
»heat. but most of it is t<x> far advanced to
tx> benefited, and this part of the wheat crop,
xi-hich. fortunately. com;irise»! but a small por
jxrtlon of the whole. I* confider*-! a failure.
rta.t* are heading and yields below the
average are expected. Corn is doing fairly
»e|l. Pastarage !» dryl^* up- Stock generally
keep In good condition, but there is a falling
off in the flow of rr.llk among the dairy herds.
Haying is nearly finished, ana the croj\ al
though light, was secured in excellent condi
tion.
Oregon Crop Bulletin
Mail r*rorts from New York say: While
th»- tUuauon here is unrhan^ed. CVast advices
Indicate h. L^ttc-r tone to Uic market for new
ercp £anta Clara 1 Prunes. OTsri::** on a 2c
S. <-.. h. hrs baric continue to tie made. l>ut the
?ol^rs ijo net «.f*-m to b? trying to fore* hupt-
T.f-ff-. Moreover flirt ball Ort->b^r sliil'TiTit is
new obtainable irom i>w sources on th-> 2c
tafir. t:.r,:, F h jt •« rr;iorttd that th.-re are a
cen«;';crabie nuail»»r of fellcre for lart half Of
October at thet j»rif*. There «re ur>rt-»r*tood to
t>* \cry t*w of ihf more prominent packers
• rr>- ng fu> h sellers, however. In fact local
Kprcsestatlvca of the leading Coast packers
e.*^ rt thct thpj have bo*»n unaMf to get any
t>!d* of 2c batiF ern»idere<J by thflr principals
at sr.y time V-ie ptarcn. the pest that the Iat
t»r -»ou!d <Jo U-ing 2'»c. There is no specu
lative Interest mariifcstrd liy buyers here in
rrur.ra or any other t'alifr.rnla Dried Fruits.
«jih orders as are placed being a?«inst actual
prospective wants. In Ai'iii^ts and P-eaches
ab^ut the only bufiness doirK for forward de
livery at j>re»ent is in Fj>eiial brands. The
cen«-rel deposition in the tra<3<? is to hold off
until xhf good* are r*-»idy to Fhip fri>m the
Coai-t. Th-re <ru nothing new in the Raisin
Situation yr««»rday, California remaining dull,
While lmi-ortetj kir.ds were in moderate <3e-
BiBi.d at jTevious rric»*.
Dried Fruits in Xciv York.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 34c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil. la cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' -AA. eaus, 91 10@t 12: Lucoi. 43o.
for bot!ed and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases.
e2%(SS0c per gallon; Cocoanut OH. In barrels.
68c for Ceylon and 53c for Australian; extr»
bleached winter 8p*rm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter What*
Oil. B7c; natural Whale Otl. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Otl. C3c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. cases. l»%c; Astral. 19 %e:
Star. 19%c; Ehttra Star. 24c; Elaine 20c;
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
balk, 16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine, m balk.
13c: In cases,. 19%c: 8S-degre« Gasoline la
bulk. 23c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In eaaea and
73c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T«»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%e. accord!**
to quantity.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Reflnm* Com
pany quotes as fotlows. per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Cnwhed. 6lC3c;
Powdered. 6,90c; Candy Granulated. tt.80c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.80c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c; Beet Granu
lated aOO-lb bags only). Confectioners'
.A. 6.80c: Magnolia A, 3.40c: Extra C. 3.30c;
Golden C. 3.20c; "T>." 5.10e; barrala 10c mort;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes 50e more; 5O-1&
bags. 10c rnore for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. <J.30c; boxeg. 8.33c; H. A E. Crystal
Dcmlnos. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than s«venty-flre barrels or Its equivalent.
TEA — Is reported active; the first crop of
Japan, which was 20 per cent short, has been
absorbed and the market has opened on the
second crop with a good demand for the bett«r
grades, which ar* very short.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Aili-ms Con SOjUuip Chief
A:ice 20|Ortari6
1: e«-e lOifuhlr
Bruns Con 101 Phoenix
<"«.rr. Tunnel .... OS! i\)losi
Con Ca: & Va... 1 OR] Ravage '.
Horr. Silver 1 40: Sierri. Nevada....
Iron Silver 1 «0 : S:nr,|; Hopes
L«*<lvllle Con ... 02| Sianlard
o ° 5
2 *i>
24
13
} H
18
2 00
U S ref 2s reg..l04%lL, & N unified 4s. 100
Do coupon lC4%|Man con gold 4s.lO5'.i
Do 3s reg 104%|M,-x Central 4s... til".;
Do coupon 105ft Do 1st inc 14 '„
Do new 4s reg.ia^ Minn & St L 4s. 9«U
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s... 09
Do old 4s reg.lO«»4j Do 2ds S0%
Do coupon lOOVilNU of Mex con 4s. 77'
Atch gen 4s 102% jj sr C gen 3>is.. 99%
Do adj 4s 94 V« N J C sen lis 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. i»SVj Xor Pac 4s 104%
Ualt & Ohio 4s..lO3i< 4 | Ijo «s .75
Do 3%» 94UI\'oi- & W con 4s.l0lt;
Central of Ga 5s.lll joSI. 4s & partlc. 97 '^
Do 1st inc 79 |fa conv 3%« OS?;
Ches & Ohio 4 %s. 106% | Heading gen 4s... 99M,
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7*%|S L & 1 M con 6s.ll«
C. B & Q new 4s. 97%|< L 4 S F ft 4s. Sl%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO7HI. ;; t Louis S\V lsts. 9«U
C & NW con 7n.l2J» I Seaboard A L 4s. 69
C. it I & Pac 4s. 71 I So Pacific 4s »:$%
Do ool 5s SI ISo Railway ."is 115
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%iTc\ & Pac 1st?.. 119
Chi Tfrm 4s 73Vi*i". St L & W 4s. 72
Cons Tobacco 4s. 64 l.fnlcn Pacific 4s.. 101*5
Colo & So 4s 84Vii Do conv 4s ....101%
C F & I con 5s. 70 (ID Steel 2d 6s.. 7S%
l"»en & Rio G 4.1. flfl%j\Vnfo3Fh lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98 7 i| D«> deb B 09%
Do gen 4s SSfelW & L Erie 4s... 01%
F W & D C lsts. 104% Wis Central 4s... 90
Hock Val 4%s..l07%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORE: BONDS
Common, bid 4\i. asked 4%; preferred, bid
40?i. asked 41%.
Wabash p£d 1.200 SG% 35*4 36
W & Lake Erie 15
Wisconsin Central.. 200 IRVs 1" 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 40 59% 40
Express Companies—
Adams • 225
American 200 202 202 200
United States 100 110 110 109
Wells-Fargo 201
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 1CS.40O 63% 51<li 63%
Am Car & Found.. 1,600 18% 17T4 18
Am Car & F pfd.. 1,100 78% 77 78^4
Am Cotton Oil 200 27 27 27
Am Cotton Oil pfd. .., $9
American Ice 100 6% 6% 6<4
American Ice pfd 20%
Am Unseed Oil 100 9^ 9»/4 9V*
Am Lincecd Oil pfd 27
Amer Locomotive. . 1.000 20% 20Va 20^
Amer Loco pfd 1.200 84»4 84 54^4
Am Smelt & Ref.. S.200 55% M\i 65V4
Am S & Ref pfd.. 2.20O 08% 97Vi 07%
Amer Sugar Ref... 7.C0O 129% 12*% ' 129^8
Anaconda Mln Co.. 2,400 7fi 73% 75
Brklyn Rap Trans. 1S.700 6OTs 49% 50%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 800 &1 31 31>£
Consolidated Gas... 2.100 1954 193% 1!KJ>4
Corn Products 600 117k 11$ 11%
Corn Products pfd. 70<) 7OV4 70 C9 .
Distillers' Sees.... 1.200 21 21 V4 21
General Electric... 1.10O 1CO% 100 ltiO
International Paper 2,200 l."5}» l-i\i.l 13%
Interntl Paper pfd. 30O 69 69 69
International Pump 31
Interntl Pump pfd 75
National Lead 1.500 24 2.1% 2-1%
North American... 1,300 87% 8. r »Vi 86
Pacific Mail 100 28Vi 2*Y t 2S%
People's Gas r.,«00 101 <i 99'i 100"H,
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,400 31% 32»J 32>i
Pressed S Car pM. 90O 75% 74% 75
Pullman Palace Car J00 221 U 221 U 221
Republic Steel GW) 7V- 7 1 * 7.
Republic Steel pfd. 1,700 43 Vi 42V4 421J
Rubber Goods 000 17% 17% 17%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 700 39 3S<ji 38
IT s Leather 200 7>4 7% 7%'
II S Leather pfd... 1.20O fwy t 82% 8.1
U S Realty 4.500 7^i «% 7tt
IT S Realty pfd 2.100 61 69% 60%
tT S Rubber 200 17% 17% 17'
U S Rubber pfd... 300 69% fiHH 6!U4
U S Steel 33,000 12 11% 11%
V S Steel pfd 54.«0O 61 M KOU C0%
WeMlnghouse Elec. 800 159>.i 158% 159
Western Union 500 SS 87% 87%
Total sales. 690.100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 14.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$24,000 at $80 28, $30,000 at $S0 50 and $3000
at {SO 73.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8S%
New York Exchange, sight ' — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 0"H
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars 46H 0 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216H
Berlin on London 20.41
Paris on London 25.20^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— It was a holiday at Paris. Fu
tures at Liverpool ' were higher.
Chicago advanced l%c, but fell' back again.
The Southwest- were large buyers and Wall
street was also buying.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell, Mulcahy &
Co. said: "Further unsettled weather
throughout the West and Northwest and a
rather encouraging advance I in foreign mar
kets caused an opening sharply higher here.
The advance met with heavy realizing sales
and a good part of the improvement in July
was lost and all of the Improvement in the
more distant futures. The incentive to the
selling was a better weather • map on pros
pective better weather being /generally pre»
dieted throughout the entire West. The Prlc«
Current as usual estimates less damage than j
other authorities, putting it at 20.000,000 to
25.COO.00O. There is no change in the cash
situation. It is all a question of amount of
movement from first hands In the Immediate
future. The July option in this market is
rapidly being liquidated, although the existing
Interest is still enough to make the local sit
uation uncertain. North western advices con- J
tinue on the whole favorable. We . are not
bearish on wheat, but with favorable weathtr |
in prospect we are Inclined to think we |
would look at it a minute and «ee If we
could not buy It cheaper."
This market continues firm, both here and
In the Interior, with futures higher, and the
shippers in the market. A good deal of Wheat
is now going from the San Joaquin Valley ,
to Los Angeles for milling and poultry feed. \
Country holders are not sellers at present, as
many of the farmers have light crope and j
are holding for more money, J
CASH WHEAT. ;
California Club, $1 30©l 35; California)
White Australian, $1 S2H$1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 30©l 35; Northern Bluestem, $1 50
@1 65 per ctl.
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clew.
December ...$1 32% $132% $182% $132%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 32% $132% $1 32V4 $132%'
BARLEY— Futures were higher again, on '
light receipts and the strength In. Wheat, with
active trading. The cash grain was also In
continued brisk demand, with sales of 3000
sacks spot Feed at 98%c and two schooners of I
River Feed at 9S%c. to arrive in ten days, i
There were also sales at $1 02H- A good.,
deal of Feed is moving from the San Joaquin
Valley to Los Angeles. The farmers are nrm
holders all over the State and are exacting
full figures. Many are not selling at all. The
shippers, brewers and millers continne active
buyers.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. 08%cg$l O2V4; new Brewing. $1 03%®
I 05; old Brewing, $1 05@l 10; Chevalier, nom
lnal. .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 90V4 99% 98% 09%
2 p. m. Session.
December— 09%c asked.
OATS — Continue firmly held, with light of
ferings. The demand, however, is light and
of a Jobbing character.
New crop — Red. $1 15<31 30; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Dealers continue to quote a very
dull market, at unchanged quotations. -
Western sacked, $1 45®1 47H for Yellow.
$1 45@1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 4Z<Ql 30; small
round do. $1 60©l 60; White $1 45@1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 30®l 35 for White and
$1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE — Quoted at $1 20<gl 23 for new and
$1 3W@1 3'JMi for old. with a quiet market.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at »1 75^^ per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $i 600
4 90, usual terms; Bakers'. Extras. $4 ,wgt so;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
; MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are aa
' follows: Graham Flour $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy,' $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. *4 50<@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 30; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $U 759
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 p«r>100 lbs. ...
Hay and Fceds'tuffs.
All descriptions of Hay and Feedstuffs re
main as before quoted. Receipts of both are
I moderate at the moment, and pass readily
Into consumption.
BRAN— $l'2S2a per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24g29 per ton.
SHORTS— $22®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 5Q<§22 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
32 50; Jobbing $.13; Cocoanut Cake, 922023;
! Corn Meal. $36 60<!831 60; Cracked Corn, $U@
32; Mixed Feed. $22®22 .10; Horse Beans. $30@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $10>gl3; Wheat and Oat $9®
II 50; Oat. $9@11 50; Barley and Oat! $xa
10 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $8i|10; stock. $7@S-
Clover. $7 5C@10; Alfalfa $7<S10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50®70c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is no further change in these de
scriptions, the market being quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40<£2 &5: Pea. *2 90©3;
Butters. $3; small White $2 85@3 10; large
White. $2 35@2 CO; Pink. $:i 40$3 50; Red.
$4 23<g4 60; Lima. $3 3(hp3 40; Red Kidneys,
$4 75@5; Blackeye. $2 OCigS 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2£2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. $1 00®2 25; Canary, »hiO
¦ 7c; Alfalfa, 15@159ic; Rape. l%@2Hc; Tlmo-
I thy. 6%c : Hemp, :j>.;<u:si,c per lb; Millet,
I 2HW3Vic; Broom Corn Seed. $20321 per ton.
i DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
| Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes from the river dis
tricts were still rather light, and with the de
, mand for local use active prices were well
i maintained, with a marked degree of firmness
] and the market was well cleaned up at the
i cloee. Garnet Chiles were In free supply and
I lower, as all shipping orders had been filled
on the preceding day. Onions were in light
receipt and firm at rising prices.
Changes in miscellaneous vegetables were
• slight and supplies of raw kind* still In
' excess of the demand. Receipts ot tSreen Corn
included much poor stock, which dragged badly
at the minimum quotations and. as usual large
lines of Summer Squash and ¦ Cucumbers had
i to be carried over. Tomatoes In large boxes
I from the river were steady under light receipt*.
i while small packages were weak at lower
| rates, with a heavy surplus still unsold at the
¦ close.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river,
$1 50@2 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks $2' per ctl;
Early Rose, $1 40@l CO; Garnet Chiles. $1 23®
1 40: old Potatoes. $1@1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. $1 20 per sack; Sllver
eklns, $1 5001 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. t\<31 50 rer
sack and $1 60^2 per crate; Asparagus sy^Sc
per lb; Rhubarb, S5@50c per box; Ga'rden
Peas. oVi^ic per lb: String and Wax Beans.
2@3c per lb; Lima Beans, 8c per lb; Tomatoes
1 In small boxes and crates, 40®65c; large open
boxes. $1 23(S1 60; Summer Squash, 23@'40c
per box; Cabbage, $1 per ctl: Carrots. $1 per
eack; Cucumbers, 25@40c per box; Garlic, 3© 4c
per lb; Egg Plant. $1 25{£1 50 per box; Dried
Peppers. 8®10c for sun-dried and 12 Vi ft 13c per
lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. lSLjiffl.V per lb;
Green Okra. 10®12^c per lb; Green Peppers,
$1 25(81 50 per box.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry from domestic shipping
points were liberal and consisted chiefly of
small and medium sized Broilers, which
dragged at ¦ unsteady rates. Large young
chickens cleaned up well at steady prices, but
' there was very little such stock received. A
car of 'Western Poultry was marketed late on
! Wednesday, making the. third for the current
week. Oame was In light but ample receipt
i and cleaned up well at the previously quoted
rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@13c per lb:
Geese, p*^- pair. $1 2501 50; Goslings, $1 25@
1 50; Ducks. $3 50@4 50 per dozen for old and
$l'jri5 for young; Hens. $4 S0@5 for Ufrge and
$4®4 60 for small; young Roosters. $7 6000;
old Roosters. $4@4 50; - Fryers.. $4 50(55 50;
Broilers. $3 5O@4 for large and $2 50®3 for
smail; Pigeons, 91 60 per dozen for old and
$1 2501 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 50@60c per dozen; Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. 92 per
dozen.- • r
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
¦ The ' excessive supplies of Butter have at
laat broken the market, which j was squarely
off lo yesterday, with postal cards offering
the best creameries at 21c scattered about in
all directions. Almost every house on the
street was overloaded and reported the market
extremely dull.
There was no change in Cheese, but the mar
ket was dull and lacked firmness.
Eggs rule firm for ranch, with receipts grad
ually decreasing. The demand la good and
absorbs the arrivals without difficulty.
Receipts were. 92.100 lbs Butter, 1383 cases
Eggs and 59,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 21c
for extras-and 20c for firsts; -dairy 17@2Oi3;
store Butter, 14@>16c; Eastern creamery, 19% @
20c; Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15Hc per lb.
CHEESE— 9©9%c for choice mild new and
S@$t£c for lower grades; Young Americas. 10©
lOHe: Eastern. lOfllSc: Utah, 12c per lb. <
1 EGGS— Ranch. 23©28c for fair to choice;
The fruit market was quite active during the
early trade, as in addition to the regular local
demand there was a steady call for top quality
stock for shipment on the Puget Sound steam
er. Nearly all kinds. of small tree fruits were
wanted for export, but Apricots in crate* and
fine well-colored Apples packed in 4-tler
boxes were the firmest descriptions. Occa
sional sales of Gravenstein Apples were re
ported at $1 75 per box. but for the general
run of shipping stock. $1 50 was about the top.
Plums and Prunes were abundant and only
fine shipping stock brought 75c per crate. 60o
being about tha highest figure paid by local
buyers. . Peaches, particularly the Hale's
Early variety, were still in excessive supply
and weak, although the low prices stimulated
trade. Figs continued to advance under lim
ited supplies and a fair demand. Part let t
il'ears sold at a wide range aa to quality and
the best offerings were readily disposed of at
full figures. All klnda of Melons were plenti
ful. A carload of Watermelons came in from
Bakersfield and sold at the same prices es
tablished for the Freeno article on the pre
ceding day. Cantaloupes appeared from the
river and were held' at $4 per crate. The pre-*
vious low prices seemed to have stimulated
the demand for Berries and prices were higher
all around. Currants "too. were higher under
a brisk demand and light arrivals. Huckle
berries from Sonoma were offering again and
met with prompt saJe at 15c per pound. Prices
of Citrus and Tropical fruits were without
quotable change.
STRAWBERRIES— *3@5 per chest for Long
worths and 92f?4 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— 93®4 per chest for r*d
and fjft'i 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®4 per chest.
• RASPBERRIES— $5<g7 per chest. . '¦
CURRANTS— «»S3c per drawer. *
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 50©90e;
In bulk. lH<£2c per lb to the trade and $20®
30 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— Fancy. $1 4001 63 per box; com
mon to choice. 75c©$l 25; Crab Apple«, BOc©
$1 per box.
PEARS— Bartlett. $1 10«l 23 for wrapped:
in open boxes. 2c per lb for No. 1 and 50®T5o
per box for No. 2: small green varieties, 50<^
60c per box and 60<g75c per basket.
PEACHES— 25<!?SOc per box; baskets. 35£50c;
open boxes. COS 83c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50075c p«r crat»
and 3.Vff5Oc per box; baskets, 20840c for Plumj
and 3&g60c for Prunes..
FIGS— $1(^1 73 per box.
MEI^ONS — Cantaloupes from CoacheHa. $1 25
©2 per crate; from Bakersfield. $1 50<82 per
crate: Nutmeg Melon*. $1 50 per box; Water
melons from Coachella, lV401%c per lb; from
Fresno $1 JW>@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— $1 23^1 60 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Orange*. $1 30^2 50 per
box for Valencias and $1 50-82 for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons. $2 25-92 75 for fancy.
$1 50®l 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard: Grape Fruit. $1 50@2 50; Mexican Limes.
$404 CO per case; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 3002 50 per dozen.
"'Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, July 14. — Tin continues to
show firmness. London was higher again to
day, closing at £119 17» Od for spot and
£120 5s for futures, and the local market
advanced also/in ppite of a light demand. Spot
is quoted at $26 40@26 60.
Copper i worked up a little In the English
market, with spot closing at £37 6s 3d and
futures at £57 3s Od. The local market for
copper shows a hardening tendency, with lake
quoted at $12 C2>4@12 87>4; electrolytic, $12 60
©12 75, and cantins at ?12 29!512 50.
Load and *pelter were unchanged In both
markets. Lead in London is at £11 12s 6d
and at ?4 25©4 35 in this market.
Spelter Is. held at ?4 85@4 05 in New Tork
and at £22 in London.
Iron closed at Bis «d in Glasgow and at 42s
Od in Middlepporo. Locally iron Is quiet.
Chicago Board of Trade.
¦New York Metal Market.
store. 19'822c: Eastern, 20<322^4c for firsts and
17@19c for seconds.
at 7ff7}4c; extra choice. 7%@8c; fancy, 9%
©10c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — 91 Rsy,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87&
The' only fluctuation worthy of note was a
fractional decline In' Silver.
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS;
The local market continues dull and un- 1
changed. Chicago was somewhat lower on the
day. Wires from there report that no scarcity
on account of the strike Is apprehended at
present, as there is quite an accumulation of
stock, the supply of Hog products at the five
leading packing centers of th« Went being
25, 000. COO lbs more than a year ago and 50.* |
000.000 lbs more than two years ago. This is
exclusive of Pork and Lard. In fact. th<%
packen say that the strike N a good thing In
one way, , as it enables them to work off
large holdings of old stock canned and cured
Meats. Thin may explain their action in an
nouncing that they would not make any stren- :
uous attempt to continue operations at once.
• The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. says: "Market heavy. There Is little '.
question that there has been liquidation on an .
extensive scale by those whose buying was ,
most instrumental in bringing about the ad
vance of the past month. Scattered outside
buying on the strike has probably absorbed j
most of the offerings. The prospect at the
moment seems favorable for an early settle- i
ment of the strike. There Is a fair demand for
meat?. We nee very little in these conditions
to maintain an advancing market."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per 1b for ,
heavy, IOVjc for light medium. 12%c for light. •
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13Hc; Cali
fornia Hams. 12*2c; Mess Beef. $10^ .
10 M> per bbl; extra Mess. $U#ll 50; Family, j
$12@12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50; «tra J
clear. $21; Mess, $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9V;c; ;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, j
14c per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at &©6%c per lb for I
common and 0c for pure; half- barrels, pure.
»Hc; 10-lb tins 9*ic; 5-lb tins, 9%c: 3-lb tins.
10a
COTTOLEXE— One half barrel. SSjc; threa
half barrels. 8V\c; one tierce. 6}»c; two tierces, j
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Hops.
At this time of the year figures and estimates I
of the Hop crop and market begin to appear. >
One of these. Just received. 1* to the effect |
that the crop in the State of Washington will
probably amount to something over 40,000
bales with favorable weather. In Oregon the
yield- has been cut down somewhat and the
100,000 bales formerly expected is considered
DO longer possible. 90.000 probably coming !
nearer to the mark. In California about 55,
000 bales will be produced. It Is estimated
that stocks In grower*' hands are not over 350 ,
balea, Washington growers being cleaned out.
In dealers' hands there are about 5500 bales. ,
while last year at this time there were 21.000
bales left on the coast.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell I
about V4@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted |
Steers, 9Uc: medium. S^QOc; light. S@S^c; :
Cow Hides. 8@8%c for heavy and I
SSS^c for light; Stags. 6c; Raited I
Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted '
Calf. lOm^llc; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. 13c; |
dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearling*. 25@40o ,
each; short Wool. 40e«5c each; medium. 75® ;
9Oc; long Wool. $181 50: Horse Hides, salt. >
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 25 t
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts. Horse ;
Hideo, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for •
medium. $1@1 25 for email and 50c for Colts. I
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted 1
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30iS32V»c. J
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra largs I
do. $1 25; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c; |
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4U<s per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL. — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo- ,
dno. 17@19o: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months* 10012c; do 7 months'. 0«llc per lb; '
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12@15o
for defective: Northern, IH^ISc for free and
14!@16c for defective; Nevada. 13316c. accord*
ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 20«®27Ho per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903 Contracts for 1901. crop are quoted
at l"H©20c. .
Meat Market.
Packers and butchers report plenty of Hogs :
coming in for the light demand. Other Meats ;
remain as before. 1
DRESSED" MEATS. I
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 507c for Steers and 466c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7$J3c; small. SQ9t^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S^c; Ewes. 7©So
per lb.
LAMB— 0@10c per lb.
' PORK— Dressed Hogs. BH^SWc per lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7li@7Vic: Cows and Heif
ers. 6%ff«5Hic: thin Cows. 485c per lb.
CALVES— 4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3>,&e37ic; Ewes. 3©3Hc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— ?2 3C<92 73 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4*ie:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4Hc;
over 250 lbs. 4V4c: soft Hogs, nominal; Sows,
20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, &%ic: San Quentln. $5 40-
Wool Bags. 8O@32c; Fleece Twine. 7Vic; Fruit
Bags, tiViS'^c for white and 7c for brown
Jute. •
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton $S: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Beaver
Hill. $3 50; Stanford. $7; Roalyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond. I
$7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in I
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump. ;
$11 60; Cannel. $S CO per ton: Ccke. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
912 80 per long ton, according to brand.
Recent bank dividends are: Donohoe-Kelly
Banking: Company, semi-annual, at the rate of
6 per cent per annum: Tolo County Savings
Bank. 3 per cent per annum* payable July 5:
First National of Covlna. * per cent per annum:
Corvlna. Valley Saving? Pank. 3 per cent per
annum: Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of
Healdsbunj. 6 per cent, payable July 13.
Th« following: miscellaneous dividends ar»
announced: The California Fruit dinners' As
sociation, a regular monthly dividend of 80c.
payable July 20; California Powder Works (new
corporation). t!ie usual monthly dividend of 50c.
July 20; Home Oil Company, regular monthly
of 2Ho per share, amounting to $2.V)O. payabla
July 20; Central Eureka Mining Company of.
California, regular monthly, 5c per share,
amounting: to J2O.0CO, payable July 14.
At the regrular annual meeting of the stock
holders of tha California-street Cabla Railroad
Company the eld board of directors was re
elected. James V. Stetson was re-elected presi
dent: Antotne Bore!, vice president; Antolns
Bore! & Co.. treasurers; W. E. Griffith, secre
tary; J. W. Harris, superintendent.
There are now eleven railroad carloads of
Ophir ore on the way or In process of tale.
The recently elected board of directors of
the Associated Stock Brokers of the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board have organized
by tlectlng William Edwards president. A. F.
Coffin treasurer and H. P. Landon secretary.
The Pactfic Ccast Company reports an In
crease of $54,362 in gross and a decrease of
JIMV'l in net earnings for May. The net earn
ings for eleven months were $1.01 1.102. Against
91.027.324 In 1003.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 14—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. A«k.
4s qr coup.-10« lOftVts qr cp new.l32i?133^
4s qr reg. ..106«.4106»i|3s qr coup. ..106% —
i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co Cs.llS —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s 110 — '
Cal C G 5s. — lW^i Do con 5s. — 105
Cal G & E g | Oceanic S 5s. 83 72«J
m & ct 5s. 84% W*i Om Cable Co. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. — m$il Pac G Itn 4«. 92% 9«
C C Wat 5s. — 10O IP E Ry 6s.lO3«4 —
EdL & P 0a. 124 & — |P A C H 6s.lttl — '
F & C H 6s.ll* — |P & O R 6S.112 113
Oeary-st 5».. — 80 . Powell-st «s. — 114
H C&S 5^3.100 — I Sac KG&RSs. — 98
Do 5s 09^ — I SP A SJV5s.ll7%tlS
Hon R T 6s.lC5Vi — I Sierra R 6a.. — US
L A Elec 5s. — 104H!8 P ©f A 6m
L A Ry 5s. 11314114 I (15)0») 10«%107t;
L A L Co 6s — — (1910> 107 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C t*
Do gtd 5s. — 105 <l005)Sr A. 103 103%
LAP lem 5s.l01t; — nWMSr B. 10314 —
Mkt-st C ts.ltSU — <190<J> 108 —
Do lem 5S.114J* — (1912) 115%116
MVft MtT5a.lO14 — ISPC 1 e* B«.110 —
NRR of C«s.l04\105V Do stmpd.. — —
Do 5s ll" 1 .* — |S P B R lis.irnUUU
N P C R 5S.104 VM IS V Wat fis.103% —
N C Ry Bn. — 112 Do 4s 2dm. 99% —
N C P C 5». — MO Do 4s 3dm. M^ —
N S R R 5a. — 1«H I Do g mtg4s 97^ —
O G L&H 5s.l07 10« IPtkn G&Et*. — 924
O W gtd 5s. — 100 JU G & E 5«. — 105 .
• "WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta 35% 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 13 V Wat Co. 38%i 3S*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3^ 3$4tS F O i B. 80 «u;
Mutual E L. 13MJ 13 istkn G & E. — 6
Pac L Co... 67>4 — IU O A E Co. — —
INSUP.ANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..ll5 ISO II, P A A — 153 "
Anglo-Cal ..S3 — |Mer Trust.... 2n« —
Bank of Cal.424 . — Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nattonl. — — ,
First Natlonl — - ¦ — (
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L.22S0 2350 ISav ft L So. - 1C0
Hum S ft L. — — I Sec Sav Bk.360 —
Mutual Sav.100 105 lUnlonTCo. •— — ¦•
S F Sav U.600 65O I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 2C0 | Presidio — 43 '
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant 60 61 (Vigorit — 3
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 15c IKllauea S C. — 4 '
Hawaiian C. 52V» 52!ilMakaweIl C. 23ti 24
Honokaa S C 12Vi 13 lOnomea 8 C. — 27V»
Hutch. S P C SVi » iPaauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 137 Oceanic S Co. — 4H
Cal F C A. 99 100 Pac Aux FA. — 8
Cal Wine A. — — Pac C Bon. — 130
MVft MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Wine Assn. cash.... 89 25
10 California Wine Assn. cash.... K> 00 •
43 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar...... 52 50
160 Paauhau S P Co 13 0t>
30 S F «a« ft Electric *> 25
$5.ifHi Cal Gas ft El G M & C T 5s,. S3 0i>
$2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 108 73
Street —
20 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Anglo- Californlan Bank S3 00
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 52 50
Si Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 33 •>> 1
33 Mutual Electric Light 12 75
5 S F Gaa ft Electric CO 23
$4,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 104 73
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 83 73
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC fts. — 99 UP* NT 3s. — 10»«4
B L Wat 6a. — 117 IS P C R 4s - 1C0
Cal NW 3s.. — 113 IS P Co 4H*.10O —
M C Wat 3s.lOO — I Sun Tel 5».. — 104
Ris I WksSs. — lf.5 iSutter-st R3s.lC3 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113HIUR of SF 4s. SOT. —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... 25Va — (Mat Nav Co. — BO
AmcrBlsCo— JH> lN»v NatBk.193 220
Cal Cot Mils — 87 IN S R R Co. 9*4 —
Continued on Page Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
SATURDAT. Jtjly la. 1904.
At 11 o'clock a. ra, at private residence,
153 CENTRAL AVE.. bet. Halght and Page.
I Shall Sell
The contents of a luxuriously furnished 8-room,
flat. The furniture has been In us* only four
months and is well . worthy the attention of
lovers of fine goods. (For full particulars see
Chronicle ad.)
Tel. Jessie 761.
ABE LEVY. Auctioneer.
TO-MORROW,
AUCTION SALESFirst clearance sale in 22 years. Crock
ery, glassware, lamp fixtures. H. O. .Wte
dero Co* ¦ 4th aad MUiion it* .;/ •;.
The Geographical Society of the Pa
cific has published, as a bulletin for
1304, a monogram by Professor George
Geographical Bulletin.
RED BLUFF. July 14.— White at , work
ewitchlnr In the lower end ! of tha railroad
yard la«t nljrht Stanley TeaM,. a brakeman,
lost hla footlnr and fell under a car. Ona cf
Um Uct vu broken and badly nanilad. _
The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued a license yesterday for , the
establishment of the Pomona Savings
Bank and Trust Company at Pomona.
The new institution Is capitalized at
$5.0,000 and will open Its doors for
business August 1. L. F. Gillett has
been elected president of the bank and
F.-. C. Kells , cashier. 1111111
Issues License for New Bank.
Lum Tie Loy, a merchant at 615^j
Jackson street, reported to the police
last night that his room had been
burglarized yesterday of $33 worth of
goods and $9 In cash. The thieve3
forced, an entrance through the front
door during the man's absence at'din
ner.
Robs Chinaman's Room.
Before United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday - Thomas Price,
chemist and metallurgist, made his
deposition in the case of the United
States I of America against the Moun
tain Copper Company, Limited, at Kes
wlck.
. The suit was brought to enloln the
company from allowing sulphurous
fumes to escape from its smelters and
thereby destroy the vegetation in the
vicinity. Mr. Price testified that all
vegetation within a radius of four
miles had been destroyed .and that
orchards within twenty miles had been
Injuriously affected. The. suit will
probably be dismissed, as the copper
company has purchased twenty-five
acres of land on the water front near
Martinez and will remove its works
there. A system for converting the
noxious fumes into sulphuric acid will
be installed so that no complaint may
arise. ' .
Kcswick Copper Company Will Soon
Remove Its Works to the Vicinity
of ' Martinez.
A lady who had brought an open
cloak and a baby to the play selzsd
the cloak and forgot the infant, who
claimed a total stranger as his father.
The stranger denied the charce and
started for. the aisle. The infant
caught his hair A and clung to it des
perately calling him "Dada." The in-
Jury to this man's dignity was the
chief • damage that resulted from the
panic '"'-\ - _
There was no blaze. White Whit
tlerey saturated the spluttering fuse
with cold cream and subdued it Ri
val presence-of-mlnd men rose in dif
ferent sections of the house and their
advice made most of the noise.
A spluttering fuse behind the scenes
at the Alcazar Theater almost started
a panic at yesterday's matinee. Much
unnecessary heroism was displayed.
At first alarm Hiss .Oza Waldrop
shook her diminutive fist at the uneasy
audience and told them to sit down.
They_ sat, all except a red-faced man,
who explained later that he /was as
sailed by an overwhelming thirst. "His
impatience to . reach the refreshment
booth spoiled six picture hats and
caused most of the alarm. ¦ . . /
Audience and Actors at Alcazar Dis
play Presence of Mind Where
None Is Needed.
THOMAS PRICE TESTIFIES
AS TO FUMES OF SMELTER
SPLL'TTKKIXG FUSE STARTS . .
MOCK PANIC AT THEATER
Wells, Fargo & Co. yesterday filed
a protest with the Board of Equaliza
tion against the assessment of $200,000
on the franchise of the corporation.
The company makes the claim that
the franchise assessment has no money
value and Is void and unconstitutional.
On that account the corporation asks
that the assessment be canceled.
i Wells, Fargo & Co. also petitnoned
that the assessment on real estate at
the corner of Mission and Second
streets be reduced from $417,000 to
$275,000. The company claims the
market value of the land is $420,000.
Other applications for reductions
were filed by the Shiels Estate Com
pany, Mission street, near Fourth, from
$275,000 to $222,150; Bush street," near
Trinity, from $89,375 to $72,120; Bush
street, near Montgomery, from $112,
800 to $103,125. Schroth Company,
Market slreet, near Sixth, from $60,890
to $55,000; Geary street, near Taylor,
from $43,640 to $30,000; Geary street,
near Mason, from $79,520 to $50,000;
Stockton street, near Post, from $42,
060: to $30,000. H. Levy, corner
Stevenson and Third streets, from
$106,400 to $75,000. Crocker Estate
Company, corner Bush and Sansome
streets, from $406,560 to $267,250.,^
Levy, O'FarrelL street, near Stockton,
from $116,740. to $90,000. Frederick
Baruch, corner of Sixth and Jessie
streets, from $116,250 to $100,000;
corner of Third and Stevenson streets,
from $97,760 to $84,000.
Wells, Farco & Co. Joins Those Who
Petition for Reduction In As
sessor's Valuations.
WANTS ASSESSMENT ON
ITS FRANCHISE CANCEIiED
While in the Orient Mr. Cucuel will
also contribute to the Illustrirte
Zeltung and Ueber Land und Meer
of Leipsic. Before leaving for Japan
be ; will exhibit some of his original
drawings in San Francisco. He ex
pects to remain here five or six weeks.
Prominent Artist Here.
Edward Cucuel, special artist for
the Illustrated London News, is in the
city on his way to the Orient. Mr.
Cucuel is a native Californian. • He
first took up his calling as a news
paper artist thirteen years ago on The
Call. After serving the usual course in
the art department of this newspaper
he went to Paris, where he studied art
lor six years. While In the French
metropolis he assisted W. C. Morrow
in publishing the Bohemian. After
completing his studies in Paris Mr.
Cucuel became a special artist for the
London Illustrated News and his work
lias proved so satisfactory that he was
selected by that paper to illustrate the
Far. East
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75, Improved
Order of Red Men, will celebrate its
eleventh anniversary by a picnic at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael, Sun
day, July 29. A feature of the games
will be a tug of war between a team
of White Eagle Tribe, captained by Mi
chael Casey, late of the Board of Public
Works, and one of Bald Eagle Tribe,
captained by O. Dalin, late captain of
the Irish and Danish teams at the in
ternational match in the Mechanics*
Pavilion. There will be a good pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
H. Dilges Is chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements, L. F. Guedet floor
manager and H. Enemark assistant.
Red Men Will Go on Outing.
A suit attacking the will of Mrs.
Sophie Luhrmann, who died on June
30 last, leaving an estate valued at
$40,000, will be filed to-day by Minnie
Luhrmann. the adopted daughter of
the deceased, who claims she was un
justly disinherited by her foster
mother. The action will develop some
interesting details of the dead woman's
career, for it appears that she had
been n^arried three times and that her
last matrimonial venture was with
Bernard Luhrmann, who, /although
joining in the suit with the adopted
daughter, is Indirectly accused of hav
ing married his wife for her money.
Mrs. Luhrmann was 70 years of age
when she married Luhrman, who^was
then only 35. Nearly eighteen years
ago the woman offered a home and her
protection to Minnie Batlomaer, then
only a year old, and continued to pro
vide for the child up to a few months
before her death. In 1893 Mrs. Luhr
mann, who was then the widow of a
man named Koster, from whom she
had inherited quite an estate, married
Bernard Luhrmann and shortly after
her marriage she conveyed to her hus
band half of her property. Four years
later the wife and her husband for
mally adopted Minnie Batlomaer and
the latter continued to live with them
as their child.
A few weeks before Mrs. Luhrmann
died the daughter went t» Sacramento
on a visit and during her absence, as
it afterward developed, the mother
visited a local legal firm and had her
will executed. In whlchshe bequeathed
her estate to her collateral kin, among
them a brother, Henry Louis Maas,
and several relatives in Germany, and
named Frederick C. Slebe her execu
tor. The attorney employed to draw
up the will received no Intimation from
his client that she had an adopted
daughter and the question Is yet to
be settled as to whether the mother
purposely concealed the truth, or, in
absent-mindedness," forgot the fact.
In the complaint to be filed to-day
by Thomas E. Curran, attorney for the
daughter, the omission of any refer
ence to the daughter in the will Is
chosen as the basis of the suit, in
which it is also alleged Henry
Louis .Maas, the brother of the de
ceased, exercised an undue influence
over his sister, when her mind was
weak, and continually tried to Impress
her with the Idea that Bernard Luhr
mann simply married her for her
money and that the adopted daughter
had left her for good and entertained
no filial spirit toward her protector.
NAPA. July 14. — Rudolph Hatt. a
well-known resident of Xapa County,
died on Tuesday last from an over
dose of strychnine. Hatt had been
in the habit of taking the poison aa
a medicine, and it is believed that he
accidentally took an overdose. He
was a native of Germany, 50 years
of a??.
Takes an Overdose of Strychnine.
Barnftt't Extract ot Vanilla tmpartt
a superior delicacy of flavor, try it. use It. •
The "Lady Algy" letter on the "Smart Set
c.r.4 the Stage Lion" should interest all woman
kind, while all politicians will read the politi
cal column by "Junius" with more than usual
Interest. • .
Afl ef these form Interesting topics, while the
editorial on the reorganization and reinforce
ment of the State National Guard is one
that should concern all employers of labor who
have the food of the State at heart, or all of
thoee who labor and are In favor of free gov
ernment and a just and impartial enforcement
of the laws of the commonwealth.
There are many other features that make
this week's lesue of the News Letter a remark
able cne. Among these are th» articles on the
row In the World's Kair Commission, the antl
racctrark eru«ade, the arbitrary dictation of
union labor and the decline of unionism.
The News Letter le oce of the brightest
weeklies In the West, and 1U occasional politi
cal cartoons have added to ita celebrity. The
JsLtnous weekly picture* of one of the late can
didates for nomination on the Democratic
ticket, under 'he guidance of the "dumb servl
»tor," Brisbane, eoingr "upward with the flood."
the flood called "Salt." It is a two-page car
toon er.d it has elicited hearty laughter wber
*ver it has been exhibited.
Tbe Cartoon of the Year.
Mrs. Lulirmann Neglects to
Provide for Her Adopted
Daughter, Who Will Sue
The girl dressed herself neatly 'and
spent some time arranging her wealth
of dark brown hair. She walked brisk
ly from the door of her brother's house,
turning back once to - jest with Mrs.
Gerson, who -had many misgivings
about letting her. go' out alone. Though
Miss Gerson seemed, merry, she had
Miss Gerson was a very pretty bru
nette. She was a German Jewess and
had lived In this city only two
years. About bIx weeks ago she be
came seriously ill and relatives sent
her to the German Hospital.
She returned to the residence of her
brother, Samuel Gerson, at 912 Steiner
street, last Tuesday, apparently cheer
ful 'and restored to health. She talk
ed like one in the best of spirits and
In reply to her brother's suggestion
that she go to the country she main
tained that she was entirely cured.
Yesterday morning she informed her
Elster-in-Iaw, Mrs. Samuel Gerson, that
she was going for a walk. Alarmed
at her Ions absence Mrs. Gerson tele
phoned to police headquarters In the
afternoon. She was told that the body
of a young woman who answered Miss
Gerson's descriDtion was at the
Morgue. Samuel Gerson went to the
Coroner's office and learned that his
wife's fears were only too well founded.
From a fragment of a label on the
bottle that contained the poison Cor
oner's Deputy Brown was certain that
the stun! was purchased at the drug
store of Charles J. Abraham, at Mc-
Allister and Fillmore streets. Abraham
denies that he has sold any carbolic
acid In five years. Late yesterday even
ing Mrs. Gerson remembered that she
had purchased the poison from Abra
ham about a week ago.
Indications are that Miss Gerson con
templated suicide for several days.
She set about it deliberately and en
deavored throughout to conceal her
identity.
Despondent because of a long illness,
Clara Gerson, aged 22 years, drained
the contents of a phial of carbolic acid
In Golden Gate Park yesterday morn-
Ing. She died five minutes later.
H. Wigger, a gardener, heard the
girl's dying cry and. saw her fall to
the ground. ¦ Policeman "Williams ar
rived in response to the shouts and
summoned the Park Hospital ambu
lance, but the girl was beyond any
help. Her fair face was distorted and
burned and her big brown eyes were
glassy in death.
"When Samuel Gerson arrived at the
Morguk and identified the body of the
suicideVas that of his pretty sister he
was overcome by grief. It was some
time before he or his wife could give
a lucid account of the girl or explain
motives that might have led to her
death.
Miss Gerson herself took all precau
tions to avoid publicity. She left no
letters, and before she quitted her
brother's house she destroyed all photo
graphs of herself that were in the place.
When the girl first came from Ger
many she worked a few weeks in her
brother's notion store, the firm name of
which Is . Gerson , & Baer. Dr.
Krotoszyner, who attended her while
she was at. the German Hospital, says
that she suffered intensely from ner
,vous trouble.
The morning was clear and all the
world seemed pleasant to this girl, who
was beautiful and had many friends
and loving relatives. But she shud
dered as she thought of the shadow of
life suffering that hung over her. She
could not live under it. After a last
look at the blue sky and the green
trees she closed her eyes and raised
the bottle of acid to her lips. She
sprang to her feet with a pitiful moan,
then fell to the ground writhing in
agony.
Out in the park she walked
to the wooded knoll opposite the
Cyclers' Rest. There she sat for a
short time on a bench, weighing the
problem between a life shattered by
illness and a aulck death. The doctor
had said that she might recover or
that she might become a chronic in
valid. The chances were equal, he
said.
concealed in her dress the bottle of
poison and was fully resolved to end
her life.
FORGETS CHILD
IN HER WILL
Herbert Doll, a machinist residing at
339 Ninth avenue, was reported last
night at the Morgue as missing by his
employer, F. Baker, of the Baker-
Chapman Machine "Works, S3 Clemen
tina - street. Doll has been missing
since Tuesday morning and his friends
fear that he may have taken his life.
Doll's wife had been insane for some
time and he worried himself 111. He
was 45 years of age and had a tattooed
star on his right arm. -
Machinist Reported Missing.
JTKCSVAZ.T.T PRETTY TOXJXG WOMAN WHO SOUGHT A SECLUDED SPOT IN
GOLDEN* GATE PARK AND DELIBERATELY PUT AN END TO LIFE THAT.
THROUGH SICKNESS, HAD BECOME UNBEARABLE.
Davidson. Ph. D.. entitled "Glaciers of
Alaska." This is the first complete
and accurate description of our glaciers
which has yet appeared. Including sev
eral which the excursion steamers
never reach. It contains eleven maps,
and Involved much laborious consulta
tion of Russian and other authorities.
The work is a useful addition to our
knowledge of the Icy north.
Rose Coghlan, the eminent Ameri
can actress, who made such a hit here
last year In "The Second Mrs. Tan
queray" and starred but a few months
ago in "The Greatest Thing In the
"World," "will make her first appear
ance in vaudeville In this city at the
Orpheum on Sunday afternoon. She
will present a one-act playlet entitled
"Between Matinee and Night." in
which she plays the part of the ac
tress. The action takes place in a
dressing-room of Wallack's Theater,
New York. She will be adequately
supported by Lynn Pratt, Agnes Ros
lyn and Helen Barton and will un
doubtedly receive a welcome well
worthy of her position on the stage.
Ethel Barrymore Is to give San
Francisco theatergoers an opportunity
to enjoy her versatility. The manage
ment of the Columbia Theater an
nounces that the charming actress is
to appear In a double bill commenc
ing with next Monday night She will
continue to appear in the delightful
three-act comedy, "Cousin Kate," and
will follow it with a one-act study of
human life entitled "Carrots." "Car
rots" is a study from the French of
Jules Renard and was one of the fam
ous "bits of life" produced at the The
ater Antoine in Paris. It tells the
story of a naturally affectionate but
impulsive boy, who is the butt of his
mother'-s scorn and ridicule. The role
is so sympathetic and natural to life
that Mr. Frohman obtained the play
for Miss Barrymore and surrounded
her with an excellent cast.
Ethel Barrymore Will Give Double
Bill of "Cousin Kate" and
French Playlet.
ROSE COGITLAX TO STAR
IX VAUDEVILLE SUNDAY
Ever since the death of her husband
and a daughter several years ago Mrs.
Garrlty had been demented and be
came addicted to the Inordinate use of
alcoholic drinks. It was feared by
her relatives that she would die In a
fainting spell brought on by a weak
heart.
She was last seen alive at a quarter
after 9 o'clock last night by Charles
Bayley Jr., a druggist, whose place of
business is at the junction of Eddy
and Scott streets. Bayley Informed
the police yesterday that at that hour
Mrs. Garrity gave him a promissory
note for $25, signed by Manuel M.
Stolz, as security for payment for a
bottle of liquor, which she took away
with her.
An autopsy was made yesterday by
Morgue Surgeon Bacigalupl upon the
body of Mrs. H. M. Garrlty, who was
found dying at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning by Special Officer Helbush on
the sidewalk at the intersection of Lo
cust and Clay streets. A fractured
skull was found to have been the
cause of death. The decedent was af
fected also with cirrhosis of the liver
and heart disease caused by alcohol
ism.
When the unconscious body of the
woman was found on the sidewalk it
was believed by the police that she
had been the victim of a footpad.
That her death was the result of an
accident her relatives later made clear
to .the colice.
She had been residing with her
married daughter, Mrs. Kane, at 414
LJocust street, and had been subject to
fainting spalls. In one of these fits
about four months ago the unfortun
ate woman fell off a couch to the floor
and broke her collar bone and three
ribs. ' "»
Judg© Graham, who is acting as Pre
siding Judge of the Superior Court,
yesterday ruled against W. A. Samuel,
& well-to-do butcher, who sued for
<ilv©rce against his wife, Catherine.
His Honor stated very plainly that he
believed Samuel's evidence regarding
their property rights and other things
was false. A cross-complaint filed by
the wife denied his allegations and ac
cused him of consorting with other
jmomtax.
Ths Judge took advantage of the op
portunity to render a pointed written
opinion in which he deplored the flood
of divorce suits now pouring* into the
courts and he said that the "interlocu
tory decree" measure, the constitu
tionality of which has been recently
maintained. Instead of decreasing the
divorces had served to increase them.
He suggested that the next Legislature
should pass laws which would further
restrict the grounds upon which a di
vorce may be obtained.
A divorce was granted yesterday to
!Ajdelaide W. Walden from Charles J.
Waiden on the ground of desertion.
The derelict husband is supposed to be
In Mexico or Central America. The
case recalls an old scandal at San
Quentin prison, where, for many years,
"Walden was bookkeeper. He disap
peared, leaving a large shortage In his
accounts.
Among yesterday's 6ults for divorce
that of Josephine Schneider against
Emile S. Schneider afforded interest In
that sh 1 ; charged him with "beating,
bruising and wounding her and threat
ening to kill her." On April 23 last be
is said to have "viciously held a- loaded
pistol to her breast."
Judge Graham granted a divorce to
Mao* Stange from Walter Stange on
the ground of extreme cruelty, some of
the specifications being that Stange
told her he loved another girl, threw
his wife against the door, injuring her
ehoulder and drew a revolver on her.
Suits for divorce were filed by Sam
uel O'Toole against Belle O'Toole, de
sertion; Gustave H. Beisel against
Catherine Beisel, desertion; G. G. Ken
nedy.against H. E. Kennedy, desertion,
and Anna E. Fleischer against Herman
Fleischer, neglect.
Judge Troutt granted a divorce to
Minnie L.. Roy from Charles G. Roy on
the N grounds of Intemperance and
neglect and to William H. Gibson from
Sarah K. Gibson for desertion. Judge
Graham granted divorces to Salome
Wagner from Eugene Wagner for ex
treme cruelty and to Julius Souza
from Violet Souza on a cross-complaint
alleging infidelity.
"Wilson's friends say there was no
reason why the man should have left
home, as his property would more than
cover hi3 indebtedness. He was a mem
ber of the Engineers' Union' in good
standing and that organization has
taken ur» the search since the matter
was reported to the police.
A week ago the property occupied by
Ringholm Brothers was on fire. The
matter was reported to Fire Marshal
Towe and an indirect charge made that
Mrs. Wilson had attempted to burn
the building. The story was Investi
gated by the Fire, Marshal and found
to be without foundation. The police
have found no trace of the missing
man.
Clarence "Wilson, whose home was at
1655 Forty-eighth avenue, has be"en
missing since June 1. Hla wife has
been compelled to break up housekeep
ing and take up her residence with a
sister. at 22 Moss street. In order that
she and her 2-year-old child may have
shelter. She is without means of sup
port.
For over six years "Wilson was the
engineer "at the Poodle Dog restaurant
and was known as a sober and saving
man. Some time ago he began invest
ing in Richmond property and erected
three houses, one of which he sold early
In* the year. In May^he sold the prop
erty adjoining his residence to Ring
holm\Brothers. the butchers. That
property included a butcher shop. The
payments were to be made from the
receipts of the shop each week. Ring
holm Brothers say they paid Wilson $40
In cash the day before he disappeared.
That statement Mrs. Wilson denies and
has asked to see the receipt. Mrs. Wil
son says her .husband had. only $15
or $20 ¦when he left home at 6 o'clock
in the morning of June 1, and she
can think of no reason for his failing
to return unless he has met with foul
play.
On May 9 he was to have given An
tonio B. Blanco, the proprietor of the
Poodle Dog, a mortgage signed by
Wilson and his wife, but the paper was
never signed. Wilson had borrowed
about $1600 from Blanco and had used
the money In building. The mortgage
was to have been security for that
amount.
In Written Opinion, Court
Says, Interlocutory De
cree Is a Total Failure
Loses Her Mind Because of
Grief for the Taking Off
of Husband and Daughter
His Wife Declares He Owned
Property More Than Suf
ficient to Pay All Debts
FAINTS XN T THE STEEET
ACTIONS OX INCREASE
FOUL PLAY IS FEAEED
Clarence Wilson Goes From
His Home at Dawn and
Does Not Keturn or "Write
Judge Graham Deplores the
Flood of Suits Brought
for Legal Separations
Her 'Death Is Found to Be
Due to Fracture of the
Skull and Heart Disease
DIVORCE LAWS
ARE NOT RIGHT
MRS. GARRITY
DIES DEMENTED
MAN IS MISSING
FOR SIX WEEKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 1904.
Miss Clara Gerson Tires of a Life Threatened by Chronic
Illness and Drains Bottle of Carbolic Acid— The Act Is
Deliberately Planned and Her Relatives Are Astonished
BEAUTIFUL YOUNG WOMAN
KILLS HERSELF IN PARK
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ Mrs. Elizabeth H. Thompson,!
of Lillydale, N.Y., Grand Worthy
Wise Templar, and Member of
W.C.T.U., tells how she recov-
ered by the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I am one
of the many of your grateful friends
who have been cured through the use
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and who can to-day
thank yoa for the fine health I cnioy.
When I was thirty-fire years old, I
suffered severe backache and frequent
bearing-down pains ; in fact, I had
womb trouble. I was very anxious to
get well, and reading of the cures your
Compound had made, I decided to try
it. I took only six bottles.but it built me
up andcured me entirely of my troubles.
"My family and relatives were
naturally as gratified as I was. My
niece had heart trouble and nervous
prostration, and was considered incur-
able.. She took your Vegetable Com-
pound and it cured her in a short time,
and she became well and strong, and
her home to her great joy and her hus-
band's delight was blessed with a baby.
I know of a number of others who
have been cured of different kinds of
female trouble, and am satisfied that
your Compound is the best medicine
for sick women."— Mrs. Elizabeth H.
Thompson, Box 105, Lillydale, N.Y.—
$5000 forfeit if original of abovt Utter proving
genuinentu cannot te produced. .
i' ; • . ADVERTISEMENTS*
&¦ ' " ' ' -•"TiTTrnn-miii«25MijiwR5U5j»iiira>»"i™". '- - \
tA Remarkable Offering for
Friday and Saturday
LADIES' SHIRT
WAIST SUITS
Made of black and white
shepherd plaid washable ma-
terial ; long shoulder effect ;
Windsor tie ; suit stylishly
tucked and trimmed with fancy
braid ; our own make ; sizes 32
to 40. Former price $5. Spe-
cial for to-day and C«^ CQ
to-morrow only
To Close Out Our Entire Line of
Children's White and
Colored Dresses
We have reduced the prices to less than the actual
cost of the material and the expense of making.
Former Sal* Former Sil*
Prices. Price*. Prices. Prices
$1.50— Sizes 2 to 7. Jfow.R .7.% $4.50— Sizes 8 to 14. Now S2.3O
$2.75 — Sizes 2 to 7. Now. «l.Sr» $5.50 — Sizes 8 to 14. N*ow.55;;.7.-.
$3.75 — Sizes S to 14. Now.S2.i:r» $<5.00 — Sizes 2 to 7. N<vtv.j«;:; TS
$4.00 — Sizes 2 to 7. Now.gJ».75 $7.50 — Sizes 4 to 14. Xow.Su.OO
Unusual Inducements in
Children's Woolen Coats
Former Sal© Former Sale
Prices. Prices. Prices. Prices.
$3.75— Apes 1 to « rears. $5.50— Ages 4 to 14
.-.¥ ow .' -• V V 82.50 years. Now S3.75
$6.50— Ages 1 to 6 years.- $10.50— Ages 1 to s* 90 ** 0
No* 85. OO years. Now 8S.OO
918*922 MARKET STREET
VTB HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
ADVERTISEmEJnSL
Nearseal Jackets
$25 to $45.
The best values we have ever
, offered — that means you cannot
do anywhere near as well with
your money elsewhere.
Our full Fne of Furs b now on
exhibition and sale. /
yff^ Dentistry I
H Painless FHIIngs 25c Bi
m Painless Crowns S3 50 K
|a Fu I Set of Teeth $4.00 I]
M U VANVROOM" g
y Sixth and Market p|
H. S. BRIDGE & CO., I
MERCHANT TAILORS, •
622 Market Street. !
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL -
SAN FRANCISCO. <
Novelties in Imported Wear.
LUNDSTROM MS. .;
The best value for the money. The
newest and smartest blocks at popu-
lar prices, 92.50 and 83.50- W«
rnaractee absolutely tbe color of out
black hats.
Pacific Coast Hat Works,
1458 MABKET STREET,
Opp. Central Theater.
A&d 605 XXABBnr STREET.
f