r .— \ j i~ * — ■ ■
Aft ST ATF \
.^V^E WITHER. *i»
thirty huurs iT^friu i | i'f[fciP r ''."**a>arcb>
7. 13C5: h^;
San Francisco and vicinity —
Tuesday, light north wind* with fog.
A. G. McADIB,
District Forecaster.
VII-VO. 9&
POISON IN CASCARA CAPSULES GIVEN MRS.
STANFORD BY MISS BERNER
Dr. C. B. Wood, who performed the autopsy on the body of Mrs. Stanford, testified at the inquest in Honolulu yesterday that he found the usual post
mortem appearances indicating strychnine poisoning. All the organs had been in a very healthful condition.
A startling development of the day was the announcement of the chemists that they had discovered strychnine in the cascarets, one of which was given
Mrs. Stanford by Miss Bertha Berner at the same time she gave her the bicarbonate of soda.
POISON IN THE
CAPSULES GIVEN
MRS. STANFORD
Startfino Discovery Is Hade by Chemists
Analysis Shows Existence of
Nux Vomica in Medicine
Taken by Victim,
HONOLULU, March — The reason for the failure of the chemists to make their report
last night of the analysis of Mrs. Stanford's stomach was the startling: discovery that the cas
caret capsules, one of which Mrs. Stanford took at the same time she took the bicarbonate of
soda before retiring the night of her death, also contained strychnine. , . .■• -V ;
The chemists had finished the analysis of all organs of the body, when they were unex
pectcdJy- called on to test the cascaret capsules, were kept by Miss Bcruer. &he #avc
one to Mrs. Stanford at the same time the dose of bicarbonate of soda was prepared. >'
On being analyzed the cascarets were found to contain mix vomica or strychnine. The
chemists were then confronted with the complication of the presence of the same poison in
both medicines administered to Mrs. Stanford. The apparent difficulty of determining which
blight have caused death placed them in a peculiar predicament.
They could not determine whether there was enough poison in the mix vomica alone or
in the bicarbonate alone or whether the quantity in both medicines was necessary to produce
death. This question will not be determined for a day or two.
Miss Berner was immediately questioned about the capsules, and brought forth a pre
scription given her many years ago by a San Francisco physician. This gave poison as one of
. the component parts of the capsule, the prescription calling for twenty-four capsules every
time, it was. filled. :vv
3Hss Berner had the prescription made np over and over again during the many years,
she explained, frequently using them herself and administering them to others, never with
evil effects. |
Chemist Duncan reported his new discovery Sunday night to the police authorities, and
was present when Miss Berner was questioned and produced the prescription.
Although strychnine was found mixed in the bicarbonate, the added portion in the cas
caret may have been the extra quantity required to. bring on death.
The latest discovery was a sensational surprise to the chemists, the police and High
Sheriff Henry, and because of it the announcement of the result of the analysis of the stomach
was withheld. ■ %'&s ■■•! % y Ji
The authorities held a consultation on the matter this morning with Judge Stanley,
who irprtanti the Stanford estate, and it was decided that the inquest should go forward to-
ADVANCE
OF JAPAN
STAYED
Brown Men Re
pulsed at Tu
pintai.
TOKIO. March 7. noon. — It is
ported that the Rnssian- arc preparing
to uomtdoii Mukden and Jhi«hun and
to retreat to Tie Pass.
.. I \ I H Al, lii:.VM:\KAMI'MS
I!IL\DQUAItTEKS. OUBKXEPUSA,
. March C, morning. — Tli«" Japanese
a^-ain attacked Tupintai and other
positions on the extreme left at 5:30
«»Vicxrk Sunday evening, but were re
liulsod. Alone the whole front there
lu»s lieen'a scattering, rifle fire, but at
this moment It appears to be slacken
ing. v? V
Ml KDFA. Marrh 6, evening. — To
itfjr"! artillery duel lasted until sunset.
Continued on Paca 4. Column 1.
The San Francisco Call.
BY SPECIAL CABLE TO THE CALL.
DOCTORS FIND
DEA TH CA USED
BY STRYCHNINE
Stanford Inquest Progresses
Rapidly at Honolulu.
Miss Berner Star Witness
BY SPECIAL CABLE TO THE CALL.
HONOLULU. March 6.—De
spite the declaration of Sheriff
Henry yesterday that the chemists
would not be ready with their re
port on the analysis of the stom
ach of the late Mrs. Stanford for
four or five days* an inquest upon
the body was l)egun to-day within
sight almost of the windows
of the room where the aged
woman died in awful agony and
within hearing of the waves that
!>eat upon the beach at Waikiki.
The inquest was held in the pri
vate dining-room of the Moano
Hotel. It is a small apartment,
opening into another adjoining it.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
In the wide doorway between the
two a long table was set, fill
ing the space for the accommo
dation of reporters. Deputy High
Sheriff Rawlins, who acts as Cor
oner under Hawaiian law. sat at
a small table in the inner room.
With a stenographer on each
side of him. Attorney General
Lorrin Andrews faced the Cor
oner, but apparently took no part
in the proceedings. Judge Stan
ley, local attorney for the Stan
ford estate, sat close to the Cor
oner and whispered questions to
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
CAPTAIN OF DETECTIVES JOSEPH J. BURNETT QUESTIONING MISS ELIZABETH RICHMOND YESTERDAY IN HIS OFFICE.
WILL IGNORES
SENATOR'S KIN
Jerome Stanford Dissatisfied,
but No Contest Likely.
Some feeling of dissatisfaction and
resentment is shown by Jerome Stan
ford, a nephew of the late Senator
Stanford, over the provisions of
Mrs. Stanford's will. He aptly ex
presses it in the remark, "She left
money to Chinese, bootblacks and all,
but remembered not one of the Stan
fords."
Regarding the probability of con
testing the will, Mr. Stanford was par
ticularly reticent and declined to af
firm or deny. He stoutly maintained
that he had arrived at no conclusion.
The future, he added, must be governed
by conditions.
Senator Stanford left this nephew, as
he did to others, the sum of $100,000.
But it seems that before paying Jer
ome Stanford his legacy, Mrs. Stan
ford settled his outstanding obligations
and after these were paid only $30,000
remained for him.
It is said that there was an under
standing between Senator Stanford and
his wife that the one who survived
should make provision in his or her
will for the blood relations of the orher.
If this fact could be established— a thing
that would be difficult to do — Jerome
Stanford might possibly gain some
thing from a contest. Otherwise he
would not, for if the will should be
made inoperative, the law, of succession
.would give him no shaxe in the estate,
he being no kin of the testatrix,
"The late Senator Stanford," said
Jerome Stanford yesterday, "in his will
remembered all his nephews and
nieces, and, in fact, all of his rela
tives. The Lathrop relations were
generously treated, and each nephew
and niece received $100,000. Now, al
though I have always had pleasant
and friendly relations with Mrs. Stan
ford, I think she showed great discour
tesy in refusing t° equal the Senator's
generosity and similarly remember the
Stanford branch in her will.
LEFT OUT JOSIAH STANFORD.
"There is Josiah Stanford Jr., for in
stance, who is a nephew of Mrs. Stan
ford and son of Senator Stanford's
brother. During the lifetime of Josiah
Stanford Sr. Mrs. Stanford was a con
stant visitor at his home and often met
her nephew. She appeared at all times
to be friendly to Josiah Stanford Jr..
and it was a great surprise to me that
he was not remembered.
"It is true Josiah received $100,000 at
his uncle's death, but for that matter
so did the Lathrop branch, and al
though I will not speak for my brother,
I must say that I do not think the
treatment accorded to the Stanford
side of the family in the will was at
all right. Josiah Stanford is now liv
ing at Warm Springs, Alameda Coun
ty."
Again Mr. Stanford was asked if he
would contest the will and again
evaded direct answer. Despite many
questions he refused to say more than
that the idea had not entered his head
before. On being pressed further on
the question he reiterated his former
statement regarding the treatment of
the Stanford branch.
"The Senator left his relatives $100.
000 each and I think that as a return
compliment Mrs. Stanford should have
left something to the Stanfords. I
think so; everybody thinks so. And if
she was all that Dr. Jordan paints her,
that is all the more reason why she
should have remembered the members
of the family into which she married.
"I have always had reasonably close
relations with Mrs. Stanford and at no
time have I ever had a quarrel with
her or become estranged from her. I
cannot tell you whether I expected a
bequest or not. The fact remains that
I didn't get it. She left money *to
Chinese, bootblacks and all, but re
membered not one of the Stanfords.
"I wish you would deny interviews
that have been printed about myself
or my wife, particularly with refer
ence to any statement concerning Ice
land Lathrop. Whether Jie intends to
make a contest or not is his own af
fair and we have at no time questioned
him upon the subject nor shall we. He
is Senator Stanford's nephew and the
Continued on Page 2, Column 5,
\\ \ryft t*i ffa *Tfi ita*. h
COI>CMHUK~-E»A*h taadOM,
CXXTRAI *% T«sjts wttt.^T
CHUTES— Vatf^BTtIdL
GRAND— -X CfSgZr.'jr
yr x T«mn->Miiiiy . .
it&aLA.xics' PAvnaorc— xorrii &
Ewe's Circa*. Matfiw in tmt
OKPHECM — Ttoderint.
TTVOLI— Comic Opera.
HER STATEMENTS
CONFLICTING.
POLICE ARE VERY BUSY
Miss Richmond Re-examined
"I do not know who opened the Poland water that Mrs. Stanford
drank on January 14." — Former statement made by Elizabeth Richmond.
"I had the butler open the Polnnd water that Mrs. Stanford drank
on January 14. It was my custom to carry mineral water to her room
every night. " — Statement made by Sliss Richmond yesterday In the pres
ence of Captain Burnett, Detective Wren, Detective Cleary, District Actor- ,
ney Byinjrton and Attorney Mountford Wilson.
Several stories told by Miss Richmond in regard to the poiaonimr on
January 14 differ in many essential particular*. Captain Burnett haa or
dered her to report to him again at 4 o'clock to-day, when she will be
questioned further.
At one time the former maid of Mrs. Stanford said that she had
brought an emetic to her mistress on the evening of January 14. Yester-
day she maintained that Mrs. Stanford vomited the poison before she
(the maid) entered the room.
One thing fixed to a certainty by Miss Richmond's testimony of yes
terday Is that the first attempt at poisoning was made by some one very
close to Mrs. Stanford.
The poisoned Poland water that
nearly ended the life of Mrs. Stanford
on January 14 was prepared some time
between 6:30 p. m. ot the 13th and
6:30 p. m. of the 14th. This fact
is fixed by the testimony given in Cap
tain Burnett's office yesterday by Eliz
abeth Richmond, the former maid of
the dead philanthropist.
The water was poisoned by some
member of the household — that point
is implied from her statement. At
10 a. m. of January 14 Miss Rich
mond saw on Mrs. Stanfords wash
stand a bottle of Poland water from
which a large quantity had been drunk.
At 6:30 p. m. Miss Richmond carried up
another bottle of Poland water. Then
she noticed that the bottle which had
been nearly empty in the morning was
almost full.
It was from this bottle — the one that
had stood in the room from 6:30 p. m
of the 13th to 6:30 p. m. of the
14th — that Mrs. Stanford drank.
It was a draught from this bottle that
poisoned her, as an analysis from
Wakelee's drug: store afterward proved.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
For eight and a half hours the bottla
had been in Mrs. Stanford's room.
Something had been placed in It be
tween the hours of 10 a. m. and 6:31
p. m. Mrs. Stanford, according to Mtsa
Richmond, was not In the room be
twetn those hours. Bu«picion rest* on
some member of th« household.
Mis« Richmond's statement dispels
the theory that Mrs. Stanford c«uld
have poisoned herself on January R
She fixes the hours during which
strychnine could have been placed In
the water and limits the number of
persons who can be held under suspi
cion.
The pale little woman was in th«
"sweat box " for over two hours. Sh<t
was questioned and cross-questiosjed
by Captain Burnett, Detective Wr»n <>f
the local Police Department. Detective
Cleary >>f Morse's agency and District
Attorney Byington. Attorney Mount
ford Wilson, representing «the Stanford
estate. wa>
After Miss R £ad been ex
amined. Arthur Beverly, the forme?
butler of Mrs. Stanford, was on the
Continued on Pa*e 9, Column S.2
POISON UNDOUBTEDLY CAUSE OF DEATH
POISON TRAGEDY
IN HONOLULU.
STANFORD INQUEST GOES ON
Doctors Find Strychnine Is
Sole Cause of Death.
Continued From Page 1, Column :\.
him as various witnesses told their
stories. The jurymen, in the
graceful neglige of the tropics, sat
about the inner room in attitudes
suggestive rather of personal de
sire for their comfort than of any
oecp sense of gravity of the <hny
that called them there.
The inquest began with the ex
amination of Miss Berner, who
had been the secretary, companion
and, it is whispered now, spir
itualistic medium of Mrs. Stan
ford, and who had prepared for
her the fatal dose of bicarbonate
of soda which, it has been said,
caused her death. There is, of
course, no suspicion that Miss
Berner knew there was poison in
the bottle. Her preparation of the
dose, from her own evidence and
from all attending circumstances,
was innocent enough. She told
her story in a level, even voice, be
traying no excitement beyond a
strained attention to detail which
caused her to weigh carefully
every answer that she made to
every question, even the most'
trivial. She listened with grave
attention to each question that was
pal to her and returned no answer
until she was very sure that the
Deputy Sheriff had completed his
query, and she volunteered noth
ing. If she had been schooled for
•he stand she could not have
done better, and there can be no
'iiiestion that she has schooled her-
self carefully during the time
that has elapsed since the death
of her patroness. Miss Berner had
not left her own room until to
day since the tragedy occurred.
She is well on to middle life—
who might have been called
to meet many grave crises before
one confronted her and who
old know how to prepare to
meet them. She wore a dress to
day all white, with openwork
t. the sleeves long and full,
the collar fitting closely. Her gray
hair was combed in a rather wide
pompadour, and she held her
somewhat long and thin white
hands, upon which shone several
rich rings, clasped closely together
in her lap while she talked."
Following Miss Berner. the
afternoon session closed with the
examination of Drs. Day and
Wood.
DOCTORS SAY DEATH
WAS BY STHY< H\ L \ E
AM) \OTHIVg ELSE
Autopsy and Analysis Confirm First
Report of Tragical Ending
of Noble Life.
(Bj Cable to A«»ociat«d Pr*m.)
HONOLULU, March 6.-The tmnml
Into the cause of the death of Mrs
Jane Lathrop Stanford, widow of the
late United Spates Senator inland
♦Stanford, who died here on the ni^ht of
February 28 under circumstances re
parded by the authorities ac pointing
•• ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ Shirts p
L,^ are suited to every figure !p||
?*-"| and every function. They
[-yl are made on modern tSI
fr*'| methods. In colored lap
I' I shirty the colors stay. foil
|c| $1.50 and more f|j|i
|«J CLUEVT. PEA3ODY *. co., W&
ItUUn «f Clucjt mud A rrijo Collars. j^aj
to a case of strychnine poisoning, was
bi-gun this afternoon at tlie Moano Ho
tel, where Mrs. Stanford died.
The evidence of the doctors was of
vital importance and was heard with
deep inte:
Dr. C. B. Wood, one of the physicians
who conducted the autopsy, testified
that the yymptoms found by him and:
the other physicians were indicative
of strychnine poisoning, which was the
cause of death. The bpdy had the ap
pearance of that of a woman of 65
years of age — one whp enjoyed good
health. No other cause of death eV
cept that indicated could be discovered
by the physicians.
The body, Dr. Wood said, was first
examined for external causes of death,
Lut without result, and then for exter
nal appearances, for the reason that
the physicians had been informed that
there was suspicion of poisoning by
the administration of strychnine.
I XL SI AL RIGIDITY FOUND.
One symptom of such poisoning, the
doctor said, is unusual rigidity. Mrs.
Stanford's mouth was rigid and the
u-eth were locked. The neck was not
rigid, and the muscles of the upper
arm were relaxed. This would not be
expected in a case resulting from
strychnine poisoning, but the doctors
were intormed that the undertaker had
broker, up the rigidity of the body so
as to put a gown on it.
Th*- firearms. Dr. Wood said, were
ripiu to a marked degree, and also the
thighs and legs. The appearance of
the feet, according to the witness,
would indicate strychnine poisoning.
Tht Inatep was arched, the feet turned
in and drawn up at the toes.
Mr?. Stanford's body. Dr. Wood said,
was the color of violet or purple. He
said that he had examined all the or
gans and had turned over to Dr. R. A.
Duncan, Food Commissioner and
Chemical Analyst of the Board of
Health, the contents of the stomach.
The left side of the heart was found to
be contracted, while the right side was
relaxed. On the left side he found one
and a half teaspoonfuls of dark blood,
while the rijht side of the heart was
nearly empty and without clots.
The post-mortem appearances in
known cases of strychnine poisoning,
the witness said, corresponded with
those found in the autopsy. The ex
amination of the different organs fail
ed to show any sufficient cause of
death due to disease.
STI;V(HMXE CAUSED DEATH.
In reply to a question by Deputy
High .Sheriff Rawlins, Dr. Wood said
that the post-mortem appearances, as
far as post-mortem signs go, indicated
strychnine poisoning.
Dr. F. R. Day, another of the phy
sicians who conducted the autopsy,
agreed with Dr. Wood that strychnine
poisoning was the only cause of death
indicated.
The first witness examined by the
Coroner's jury was Miss Bertha Ber
ner. who had been Mrs. Stanford's
secretary for the last twenty years,
and who came to Honolulu with her
on the Pacific Mail Company's steam
er Korea from San Francisco.
Miss Berner. who was examined by
Deputy High Sheriff Rawlins, after
she had made preliminary statements
regarding her relations with Mrs.
Stanford, testified that che latter had
left San Francisco on the advice of
her brother, her physician and her at
torney, who had told her it was not
advisable to remain in the latter city.
Miss Berner testified that Mrs. Stan
ford said to tier:
"If I am not to stay in my San
Francisco home, and as the wet sea
son is coming on, rendering it inad
visable for me to go to my country
residence, I prefer to go to Honolulu,
as it is warmer there."
Miss Berner continued:
"The occasion which compelled
Mrs. Stanford to seek advice on this
question val the occurrence of Janu
ary 14, when she drank mineral water
at her California residence and found
it bitter to the taste. This water was
afterward examined by a chemist
who reported that it contained strych
nine, I saw the written report made
by the chemist at the time.
MRS. STANFORD SAD.
"On the steamer coming to Hono
lulu Mrs. Stanford appeared to be sad
and troubled in her mind, but after
her arrival here she recovered her
spirits and took numerous drives,
which she appeared to greatly en-
Joy."
The witness here described a drive
taken by Mrs. Stanford to a picnic on
the day of her death, the facts of
which have been already referred to
in these dispatches. She said that
Mrs. Stanford seemed very bright,
that she sang a little song and told
the driver to proceed slowly so as to
make the drive last as long as pos
sible.
At this stage of the examination Misu
Berner showed signs of breaking down.
She recovered, however, and described
the luncheon of which Mrs. Stanford
partook at the picnic.
This luncheon lasted from 1 o'clock
until half-past 1, after which the lit
tle party started on its return to Hono
lulu. The carriage stopped at a store,
where orders were given regarding a
costume for Mrs. Stanford, and the
party arrived at the Moano Hotel at 4
o'clock. »
Mrs. Stanford, the witness Bald, went
directly to her room 00 as to rest be
fore dinner.
The next I saw of Mrs. Stanford."
paid the witness, "was at half-past 7
k. when she rame to my room
<<i for dinner. On the way to din
ner we stopped at the room of Mrs.
M. f?. OJrinbaum, to whom Mrs. Stan
ford spoke of how she enjoyed the
day's outing."
ATr SOl'P ONLY.
Mist* Berner repeated the statement
already made to the Associated Press
pondent and mentioned in these
dispatches that when the soup was
served Mrs. Stanford told the waiter it
would be sufficient, as she was not
hungry, having lunched heartily.
After retiring to her room Mrs. Stan
ford asked Miss Berner to prepare her
medicine, and the witness first placed
on the table a glass of the mineral
water desired by her employer and aft
rt placed half a teaspoonful of
bicarbonate of soda and" one laxative
tablet beside it. The witness then left
Mrs. Stanford for the night. This was
.'-■ o'clock.
"The last time Mrs. Stanford used
bicarbonate of soda from the same bot
tle, to my knowledge," said Miss Ber
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
FORMER MAID
IS ONCE MORE
ON THE GRILL
Miss "Richmond Relates
Conflicting Tales
to Police.
Butler Also Examined Again
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
grill for nearly an hour and subjected
to relentless questioning.
BEVERLY IS FLUSHED.
After the "sweating" the ex-butler
and the pale little maid hurried out of
the Hall of Justice and down Kearny
street. Beverly was flushed and
nervous, and Miss Richmond was pale
as death. The pair have promised to
report at police headquarters to-day,
when they will again be questioned.
The ex-butler and ex-maid were pho
tographed by the prison photographer.
When asked the reason of this action.
Captain Burnett said, "We may want
the photographs for reference."
Following is Miss Richmond's story
in full:
It has always been customary for Mrs. Stan
ford to have a bottle of Poland water or a
bottle of tome other still mineral water in her
room to drink at her pleasure. She generally
drank a class of water about an hour before
lunch and another about one hour before dln
n-er. It was alway* my duty and my custrwn
to see that a bottle of water waa In readiness
for her whenever she wanted It. Sometimes
ehe drank one kind of water and sometimes
she drank another. In this instance, for a
change, she wanted a case of Poland water
and It wag therefore ordered and placed in the
butler's pantry.
As I said before, I always attended to tak
ing^up the water to Mrs. Stanford's room. On
Friday night, January 13 — the night preceding
the poisonln; — I went to the butler's pantry
and the butler took two bottle? from the case
nnd pulled out the corks, putting each cork
partly back again. 1 then placed one bottle
nn the stairway for Xora to take up to Miss
Kerner's room and I carried the other bottle
Into Mrs. Stanford's room and put It in the
customary place on the washstand. I noticed
as I did bo that the bottle which I had pre
viously placed there had been partially emp
tied. Thta -was about 6:30 In the evening. The
next morning, which was Saturday, some
ner, "was the week after New Year's.
I used it at the same time. The bottle
was in a trunk which Mrs. Stanford
took to San Jose. This trunk was sent
to San Francisco on January 23. The
bottle was taken from the trunk at the
California-street residence. It was
kept in a room to which the servants
had access, but this room was locked
at night. The bottle was packed by
me in a telescope basket for the Hono
lulu trip, and this basket wag kept in
the stateroom. May Hunt, the maid,
was with Mrs. Stanford Dart of the
way, but as the maid was taken 111 I
changed places with her. The bicar
bonate of soda was not used on the
trip to my knowledge.
CAIJLED FOR HELP.
"After Mrs. Stanford retired on Feb
ruary 28 I was aroused from my sleep
by hearing my name called. I recog
nized Mr 6. Stanford's voice calling out:
"Bertha — May— l am so sick.'
"We rushed out and found her
clinging to the frame of her door. Mrs.
Stanford said:
" 'Bertha, run for a doctor.'
"Mrs. Stanford walked two steps
and then said:
" 'Bertha, I am so sick.'
"She placed her arm around my
shoulders, leaning on me, and I led
her back to her room and tried to in
duce her to sit down. She said: 'I
have got no control of my body. I
think I am poisoned.'
"I said to Mrs. Stanford: 'Do sit
down,' and then I got hot water and
filled a glass and held it to her lips.
She said:
" 'I cannot drink.'
"Her Jaws were set. She turned her
face to mine and I said, 'Now, try to
drink,' and then she drank the hot
water. May Hunt and I were rubbing
Mrs. Stanford's limbs when the doc
tor arrived. She had taken altogether
about six or seven glasses of the hot
water -when Dr. Humphris came. She
said to the doctor:
RECALLS FORMER ATTEMPT.
" 'Doctor, I think I am poisonedl
Won't you brings a stomach pump?'
Then turning to me she said: "Bertha,
tell the doctor what happened,' refer
ring to the San Francisco episode of
January 14.
'I explained this affair to Dr. Hum
ph ris and asked him for ipecac. He
said that ipecac might affect the heart,
and tried to comfort Mrs. Stanford,
saying to her, 'Don't be afraid.' She
said, 'Another spasm is coming,' and
then! 'My soul is prepared. I go to
meet my dear ones. O God, forgive
me my sins.'
"The muscles became rigid. Then
there came a profuse perspiration, fol
lowed by a violent spasm, and Mrs.
Stanford died."
Attorney General Andrews ques
tioned Miss Berner regarding the bot
tlo of bicarbonate of soda. The wit
ness said It was Mrs. Stanford's cus
tom to take the soda only occasionally,
aud added:
"No one knew of this custom, so far
a* I am aware, but myself, May Hunt
and Nora Hopkins, an employe at the
San Francisco residence of Mrs. Stan
ford."
Questioned by Deputy High Sheriff
Kawlins with regard tft the possibility
of Mrs. Stanford having committed
suicide, Miss Berner expressed pity for
any one who could be driven to such,
a conclusion. "I have not read the
newspaper reports of the case," said
she, "because they would distress me.
Mrs. Stanford," she said in conclusion,
"on a few occasions said she hoped
some day to rejoin her son and her
husband, to whose memory she was
always devoted, but this was not a
frequent toDic of conversation with
her."
Dr. Murray described the body as
more like that of a woman of 65 years
than 77. Every organ of the body was
normal on examination. No disease
existed, but the heart was a little fatty.
The left Bide of the heart was, contract
ed, the right side relaxed. The brain
was in perfect condition and she was
a wonderfully preserved woman. There
was nothing to indicate natural death.
When he first saw the body he at once
concluded that she had been poisoned
and his opinion was immediately form
ed that she had been poisoned by
strychnine.
Dr. H. V. Murray and Dr. F. H.
Humphris substantially the
rm(> as the other physicians. Dr.
Murray expressed an absolute opinion
that strychnin caused death, which
he was convinced was an unnatural
one. There was, he said, an absence
of food in the stomach.
Dr. Humphris said that Mrs. Stan- ,
where about 10 o'clock, I waa in Mrs. Stan
ford's room and 1 noticed that the partially
filled botile of the night before had been re
moved and that a quantity had been drunk
from the bottle I had placed there Friday
Mrs. Stanford spent nearly all Saturday
downstairs and I do not think drank any of
the .Poland water from that bottle during that
day. Saturday night at 0:80, as w»» my usual
custom, I took up a bottle from the buuer s
pantry and placed It beside the bottle t|iut I
had taken up the previous ovenlng. This '""«>"
bottle was, I think, nearly or partially filled
and it was from this bottle, which had been
standing In her room all day, tjiat airs.
Stanford drank that night and which nas
since, by "Wakelee's report, proved to hay»
had strychnine la It.
WATER WAS BITTER.
At 9 o'clock Saturday Mrs. Stanford came
rußhlng to -the sewing-room adjoining, where
I waa sitting, and called: "Richmond, Rich
mond, come and see what Is the matter with
the Poland water. I drank some and it nearly
choked me. It burned me so that I ran my
fingers down my throat and threw It all up.
Mrs. Stanford was greatly excited. I ran
across the room and poured some of the water
into the glasa, and as I was doing 90 Mrs.
Stanford cried out, "Taste It, Richmond,
taste it." I took a mouthful, and it was so
bitter I at once spat it out. I then ran up
to Mies Berner' s room. She was in bed. I
told her of what had happened, and she
Jumped out of bed and together we ran to
Mrs Stanford's room. Mrs. Stanford said:
"Taste the Poland water, Bertha; something
is the matter with It."
Misa Berner put it to her lips and said:
"Oh, It is bitter! What Is the matter with
it?" I then said, "Mrs. Stanford, you drank
some of the water out of the bottle this morn
ing, ac I noticed some was gone .when I
came in the room at. 10 o'clock." Mrs. Stan
ford replied: "No, I did not drink any Poland
water to-day. The first I drank was Just a
few minutes ago."
We all looked In amazement at one an
other. Tbat bottle of Poland water was in
■Mrs. Stanford's room wit hthe cork partially
removed ao any one could remove It, from
Friday night at ti:3o until 9 o'clock Satur
day nieht, when Mre. Stanford drank It.
Those are the facts of the case.
ford's mind was clear when he first
treated her. He confirmed Miss Ber
ner's statements regarding the final
scene and said that at the last ap
proaching spasm Mrs. Stanford said:
"What a horrible death to die!"
She never breathed again. Dr. Hum
nhris expressed his opinion on the spot
that death was caused by strychnine
and he said that he still held the same
view. He had no doubt that it was a
case of strychnine poisoning. He wit
nessed the autopsy and agreed with the
other physicians in their conclusion
that death was caused by strychnine.
May Hunt. Mrs. Stanford's maid,
testified practically the same as Miss
Berner. In addition, she said that
Mrs. Stanford had intended to go to
Japan. In one conversation with Mrs.
Stanford she discussed the subject of
the alleged attempt to poison her in
San Francisco. Mrs. Stanford said:
"How dreadful if I had died that
time. People might have thought I
committed suicide."
At to-morrow's session of the in
quest the chemists who made the an
alysis of Mrs. Stanford's stomach and
other organs will testify.
The inquest was adjourned at 7:80
p. m. It is expected that the chemists
will give their testimony to-morrow.
NEWSBOYS MOURN BENEFACTOR
Mrs. Stanford's Death Causes Grief
Among Street Gamins.
That Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stanford's
tragic death is mourned by people in
all walks of life is shown by the sor
row felt by the newsboys. Every
Christmas she guve a dinner to hun
dreds of little ragged gamins. The grief
of her friends in higher walks of life
and the sorrow of the students of the
Stanford University is sincere, but not
a bit more sincere than the grief of
these little proteges of the philan
thropic woman.
"She always thought of us. It
ain't losing: no dinner that makes us
sorry," said one of the boys who had
known of her bounty, "but she did
not forget us. That's a whole lot.
There's millionaires and millionaires,
but sho was an angel, she wa?."
The street gamins have no halls or
temples to hold memorial services in.
But among themselves they say, "She
did not forget us; we do not forget
her." This is as high a tribute as
they can pay.
Old Tricks Played Over Again.
The irresponsible youths who worry
the life out of their employers have
added another trick to their stock of
accomplishments for relieving the
tedium of toll by taking advantage of
the inherent curiosity which forms so
large a part of the average American's
makeup. In the downtown section
there are usually many large buildings
in course of erection. Before one of
these two or three of the aforesaid irre
sponsible youths will gather and silent
ly gaze skyward toward the workmen
on the top story. After a minute or
two of this, there has formed a small
crowd, none knowing just why the
others have stopped there, each watch
ing intently for some development at
the top of the building. And then,
after much solemnity, the ringleader
of the tro-üble makers will turn to his
accomplices asd ejaculate, "Stung
again!" A method more in favor when
time presses is to stop suddenly, gaze
upward and utter fervently a long
drawn "O-o-o!" Invariably half a
dozen 0? the passersby will stop,
us^uUly with one or two collisions, and
stare skyward, whereat the leader will
mutter "My — what rubbernecks!" to
the intense discomfiture of the men,
who realize that they ha*e been duped,
and hurry on with imprecations. — New
York Tribune.
Ship ( .vial »\Vith Lonff Tunnel. •
The Bhip canal intended to connect
the city of Marseilles directly with the
Rhone has not advanced beyond its
initial stages. It is now presumed that
work will actually begin before Jan
uary, 1906. The law puts the total cost
at $13,703,000. The difficult work in
connection with this enterprise will be
the piercing of the tunnel of Rove.
This tunnel will be 4.35 miles long and
is expected to cost $6,378,45". It is not
expected that the canal will be open to
navigation within ten years.— Consular
Report.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
si' Itch ins, i Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Ycur druggist will refund motrty If PAZO I OINT."
MENT falls ,to curt i you In « to 14 dava. due*
DIFFICULT
FOR SUIT
TO AVAIL
Law of Succession Would
Operate in Favor of Those
Whom Mrs. Stanford Made
Beneficiaries in the Will
SAID NOT TO HAVE
KEPT HER PEOMISE
Agreement With the Senator
Is Alleged to Have Existed
That Survivor Should Pro
vide for the Other's Kin
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
husband of our daughter and what he
sees fit to do will be of interest, but
will not directly concern us."
LELAND LATHROP CONTENT.
Quite different in expression is Le
j land Lathrop. He is the son of Charles
G. Lathrop and like all the nephews
and nieces shared in the will of Sen
ator Stanford, receiving $100,000. This,
he says, he is satisfied with and in re
sponse to the question whether he
would contest the will said, "I feel, and
our family feels, that Senator Stanford
.generously provided for us and we
have always understood that the
money left by him to Mrs. Stanford
was her own. We have regarded it as
hers to do with as she liked."
"I personally feel no chagrin nor dis
satisfaction over the fact that I w,as
not remembered. I have always been
very friendly with Mrs. Stanford, but
there were other members of the fam
ily who were even closer and were not
remembered.
"Senator Stanford had a brother in
Australia whom Mrs. Stanford visited
frequently and with whom she was on
friendly terms, and yet no mention is
made of him. She knew him better
than any other member of the Stan
ford branch of the family, with the
possible exception of Josiah Stanford,
to whose son, her nephew, she failed
to leave anything.
"That any one should be dissatisfied
with the will seems to me to be a trifle
ungrateful, as the Senator generously
remembered all his kin. As to Mrs.
Stanford, I suppose she thought — of
course, I don't know positively what
she thought — but I have reason to be
lieve that she thought the generous
provision made by Senator Stanford
for nephews ajnd nieces was ample.
"When Senator Stanford died he left
$1,000,000 to each of his three brothers
in-law, Charles G. Lathrop, Ariel La
throp and Daniel Lathrop, now de
ceased. The income of the million left
to Daniel Lathrop was evenly appor
tioned between his three daughters,
Mrs. George P. Lawton, Mrs. Amy
Hanson and Mrs. Christine Gunning,
now deceased. The two children of
Mrs. Gunning draw the income of one
third of the million left to their grand
father, Daniel Lathrop, by Senator
Stanford."
Mrs. E. R. Taylor, nee Stanford, a
daughter of Josiah Stanford and sister
of Josiah Stanford Jr., does not share
in the dissatisfaction expressed by her
cousin, Jerome Stanford. To her was
left $150,000 at the death of Senator
Stanford, and is perfectly satisfied with
that. She declared positively last night
that she would not contest the will.
Mrs. Taylor Is the wife of Dr. E. R.
Taylor, dean of the Hastings Law
School, and an eminent attorney.
SAY THEY BORE NO ILL WILL.
Ex-Butler and Former Maid Stoutly
Assert Their Innocence.
SAN MATEO. March 6.— According
to accounts, Miss Richmond, who was
Mrs. Stanford's maid at the time of the
first poisoning in San Francisco, and
who left her service shortly after, has
been connected with the best families
of both continents.
She came to California with excel
lent references, for Mrs. Stanford was
very particular as to whom she took
into her employ. For a long time Miss
Richmond lived in England and there
served the nobility. Then she came to
America, and not being of a very
rcbust nature she sought the mild
climate of California.
Albert Beverly, Mrs. Stanford's old
butler, first came to the coast with
Lily Langtry, having charge of her
private car. Mrs. Beverly was also
in the service of this famous actress.
Their last service was with Mrs. Stan
lord. The pretty little cottage of the
Beverlys on the outskirts of San
Mateo is a scene of great unrest and
anxiety. Mr. and Mrs. Beverly and
Miss Richmond, who is living with
them, have all the time plainly asserted
their innocence of even harboring any
ill will toward Mrs. Stanford, but the
knowledge that they are being con
stantly watched weighs heavily on
them. All show in their drawn faces
the loss of Bleep and the want of
appetite.
Down at the Berner house just back
of the Stanford stock farm Mrs. Ber
ner, the aged mother of Mrs. Stanford's
secretary, lies very ill with nervous
collapse. She is 75 years old, and the
thought of her daughter so far away
and in trouble has completely un
nerved her. She has a terrible fear
that Miss Berner herself may be the
victim of poisoning before she returns
to her Palo Alto home.
Adjourn Out of Respect.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adjourned out of respect to the mem
ory of the late Mrs. Jane L». Stanford
on motion of Supervisor Eggers, who
eulogized the deceased philanthropist.
The Mayor appointed Eggers, Booth,
Gallagher and D'Ancona to draw up
resolutions of respect to the memory
of Mrs. Stanford.
To Cure a Cold In One
Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails ta cure
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box.
Reciprocity In Trade
"What is your load of hay worth?"
asked the coal dealer.
"Come, now," said the honest agri
culturist. "When I buy a load of coal
frcm you I don't ask what it's worth.
I ask you what your price is and I pay
it. This load of hay will cost you $10."
Weak solutions may be all right in
chemistry, but they don't go in poli
tics.
DETECTIVES
TRY TO HIDE
EACH MOVE
Are Silent Concerning Strychnine
Found in Not] Hill Mansion,
Police Doing Their Utmost to Conceal Fact
That They Hold an Important Clew
to the Murder.
The detectives still refuse to give out
any information concerning the bottle
of strychnine they found in Mr 9. Stan
ford's residence. In fact, they are do
ing their utmost to discredit the story
that was published exclusively in The
Call as to the finding of the poison, the
purpose evidently being to conduct
this phase of their investigations in ab
solute secrecy.
The discovery of the strychnine bot
tle in Mrs. Stanford's own home may
have the greatest bearing on the mys
tery and for this reason, it Is asserted,
the utmost secrecy must be maintained
that the important clew might not be
spoiled. The finding of this poison
had much to do with the decision to
send Detectives Callundan and Rey
nolds to Honolulu.
It is understood, however, that no"
person has been connected with the
purchase of the poisonous crystals. If
so, the bottle is without a label show
ing from what store it came. This
would be very likely, for the poisoner
would at least take the precaution to
remove the label, even though bung
ling method was shown in trying to
hide It. Those who have been In Mrs.
Stanford's employ at the Nob Hill
mansion deny that she ever kept any
strychnine.
"There are no rats or mice there."
explained fqrmer Butler MacWhinney
yesterday, "and there was never any
occasion to use poison in the house.
XEAV SEAL FOR INDIANA
RADICAL CHANGE FROM OLD
Ladies Took Charge of. Matter and
Got Up Design to Harmonize
With Real Conditions.
Indiana has a new State seal. It is
a beautiful feminine affair with the
man on the original seal replaced by
female figures and with several other
improvements which bring it thorough
ly up to date. The State has not yet
accepted it, and it is said that it may
not until it goes in for woman suffrage,
but the seal will be ready .when that
times comes.
In the meantime It heads the fine let
ter paper on which the Daughters of
Indiana in New York write their epis
tles. The Daughters are members of
an organization which has just been
formed nnd which held its first social
meeting at the Hotel Astor recently.
It was ftiere that the de?lgn of
the seal made its appearance and was
regularly adopted by the Daughters as
the insignia of their organization.
A seal is one of the first essentials of
such a society, and Miss Susan Ketch
urn, an artist and second vice j resi
dent, was chosen to improve upon the
State design. She did this with such
success that the society gave the artist
a hearty vote of thanks.
The present Indiana seal has a group
of mountains outlined against a rising
sun with a buffalo at the foot of the
mountains on the left, with trees and
a wood chopper on the right. In the
new seal the mountains have been low
ered half their height, the buffalo has
disappeared, so has the wood chopper,
and three female figures appear in his
place. m „
"I have lived in Indiana all my life,
said Miss Ketchum, explaining her
changes, "and I have never seen any
mountains there, so in their place I
have put hills. The buffalo lying at
their feet I have left out entirely. There
are no buffaloes in Indiana, and the
buffalo is practically extinct, anyway,
and quite out of place. We do not even
have a woodman sparing a tree in our
seal, but a wood chopper. "We have
no trees to spare in Indiana, so I have
taken the man out altogether and in
his place I have put two ladies and a
little girl."— Exchange.
PLANS FOR EXPEDITING
CUSTOMS APPEALS CASES
Secretary Shaw Complains of Need
less Delay in Reaching Final
Decision In Importers' Cases.
Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of th
Treasury, who has been Interested i
a more expeditious disposal of cus
toms appeal to the Federal court
has succeeded hi reaching an under
standing with the Department of Jus
tice whereby Assistant Attorney Gen
era! Mcßeynolds will visit New Yor
and confer with United States Distric
Attorney Burnett with a view to clear
ing the court calendars here.
Mr. Shaw nan held the opinion eve
since he took his present office tha
appeals of importers from decisions o
the Board of General Appraisers wer
unduly delayed by attorneys for the
personal gain. It is claimed by th
Secretary that lawyers delay the pros
ecutlon of issues as long aa possib
in order that similar protests may ac
cumulate before the lower custom
tribunals.
In Instances where the test case
decided in favor of the importers' con
tentlon, the remuneration accruing t
lawyers is larger than when the \m\i
involves many cases on the board
suspended flies. When the importer!
win their cases it is necessary for the
Treasury Department to make refunds
on all the entries Involved in the test
litigation.
There are many who maintain that
the delays complained of by Mr. Shaw
are unavoidable. — New York Commer
cial.
World's Deepest Mine.
The deepest mining shaft has been
sunk to a little more than a mile in
Cape Colony, and the deepest bore hole
has reached the same depth In SUesia.
It is said that there should be no in
surmountable difficulties in carrying a
shaft down twelve miles. An approxi
mate estimate has shown that to reach
a depth of two miles the cost would be
$2,500,000. Ten years would be re
quired and a rock temperature of 122
degrees Fahrenheit would be found;
\vhi!c» to penetrate twelve miles would
cost $25,000,000 and wi-um take eighty
five years, the rock temperature ex
pected being? 2T2 degrees Fahrenheit.—
Pittsburg Press.
•None of us ever saw the strychnin*.
Of course, Mrs. Stanford might pos
sibly have kept the poison without my
knowing it."
The protfa-bmties favor the theory
that Mrs. Stanford had no strychnine
in her home, and that some servant
purchased it. It is further to b« as
sumed with good reason that th«
poison which caused death came from
this bottle.
The attitude of the detectives being
so strict as to silence, it is impossible
to gain any detailed information in re
gard to the bottle. They have the bot
tle In their possession and as they ar«
successfully guarding their secret
everything for the public at this timt
must be left to conjecture.
Captain Callundaji of th« Morse
agency is credited with the possession
of the strychnine bottle, and there is
remote possibility that he took it with
him to Honolulu to produce at the in
quest which he expected, would be de
layed until his arrival there. Mean
time the search of the drug stores goes
on quietly in the hope that the great
missing link in the mystery, that of the
Identity of the person who bought the
poison, can be discovered.
The stout denials of the detectives
that they have found a bottle of
strychnine la a reasonable course for
them to pursue, yet there is much
strange about the entire investigation.
Various people connected with them
are given to making denials in a man
ner tha^is absurd.
College Language.
"Now that the college vacations are
over." said the man who has several
sons in the universities, "I'm Just be
ginning to adjust myself to the real
English language again. Wbile my
children were home there was much
slang talked about the house and I
tried to keep pace with it. not to use
it, of course, but to understand what
it meant. The term the buys used the
most was the verb 'hop.' Jack would
"hop over to Brooklin' to see his aunt
Alice, or, it might be. he would only
hop upstairs.' But it- was always hop."
Then they were talking about the
chance of my oldest son, who Is a Jun
ior in college, being president of his
class In senior year. 'Xo, 1 said the
youngast. Tom can't »et that; he
doesn't throw out his chest enough.'
That meant bring himself prominently
before his classmates. Still another
term was to 'get pushed back for' so
much money, meaning to spend it. But
the most remarkable term of all was
that, of my daughter, 15 years old, who
is at boarding school. She speaks of
all her boy friends as 'gentle*.' "—New
York Tribune.
Germany exported 34,717 tons of
toya, valued at £2,736.274. in 1903,
says the London Board of Trade Jour
nal.
y r DOAys PELLS. ,
COMMOjTPpPERTY
Public Praise Is Pnblic Property, San
|- : : Francisco People May Profit ft
Local Experience. [
Grateful people will talk. . -
Tell their experience for the pub-
lic good.
San Francisco citizens praise Doan's
Kidney Pills.
Kidney sufferers appreciate this.
They find * relief for every kidney
ill. V '.
Read what this citizen says:
Mrs. Margaret Leech of 112 William
street, says : "I cannot begin to tell you
the different kinds of medicine I have
used nor the quantity I took during
the years I have been subject to at-
tacks of backache, like I had used
many a preparation in the past, when
I noticed . an advertisement about
Doan's Kidney Pills in one of our San
Francisco papers. I made up my mind
to try the remedy. It acted just as
represented, stopped the backache and
: pain in the side, and what is .. much :
more. important to me, during the last
six months I have not had the slight-
est indication of a return." • •• -
For sale by all dealers. * Price 50
cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.
N. V.. sole agents for the United-
States. . " • .-
Remember the, name. Doan's, /and
take no substitute. .
SORE AND BLEEDING GUMS
■-,"■■. : - .. ■ " ",' ■
Soft and spongy gums are made healthy
by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop-
erties of SO2ODONT. It Is th« most
fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifric*
known to the world.
SOZODONT
. TOOTH POWDER
the complement of SOZODONT LJqttM, has
abrasive ; properties, yet is absolutely free
h-om grit and acid. It will not tarnish gold
fillings or scratch the enamel. ■ '■
IFMV ' "> tyv^-T"--? PA3Tg._
Soothe the Throat* Ro»
I.'ovo the hacking Oougto ,
. of Consumption, ; * " ' SSUPREME COURT
ACTS QUICKLY
Confirms Decision of Appeal
Tribunal in Harriman vs.
Northern Securities Co.
DISSENTING OPINION
New .Jersey Judge Who
] vsuedluj unction Affecting
717.300 Shares Is Be versed
WASHINGTON, March 6— The Su
preme Court of the United States to
day affirmed the decision of the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Dis
trict In the case of Harriman vs. the
Northern Securities Company, involv
ing the distribution of the shares in
Northern Securities Company. The de
cisi' d 6 favorable to the company.
The decision of the court was an
nounced by Chief Justice Fuller. He
ered no written opinion, but said
that on« would be filed later. There
was no dissenting opinion. The de
cree of the Circuit Court of Appeals,
which was affirmed to-day, merely re
versed the decree of the Circuit Court
for the DißtrW of New Jersey. The
latter court issued an injunction re
straining the Securities <'<>mpany from
transferring or distributing 717.300
friare6 of common stock of the North
ern Pacific Railway Company acquired
by the Securities Company in the mer
ger of the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern roads. This decree
was overruled by the Circuit Court of
Appeals sitting in Philadelphia, and
todays verdict sustains the reversing
decision. The Court of Appeals held.
in effect, that the Securities Company
had become the absolute legal and
able owner of the stock of the
-'■ad company and that the ques
vnernhip had not been in
vr.ived or even incidentally passed
upon by the Supreme Court of the
United States in the Government case
for the dissolution of the merger.
CARLISLE MAY REMAIN
AT MANILA FOR REPAIRS
United States Government Gives Its
l»mt«Vtion to Disabled British.
Blockade Runner.
WASHINGTON. March 6. — Upon
th*> advice of the Secretary of State,
Bt ( retary Taft has cabled to Governor
ra] Wright at Manila permission
lie British steamship Carlisle to
In in Manila harbor until she has
• aaary repairs to her ma
ry, therefore the United States
rnment itself is responsible for
fety of the ship.
lisle i? a British ship. She
: tered by the Russian Gov
and loaded with arms, am
and food supplies for the
garrison at Port Arthur. She
. from Vladivostok November 20
i i-.a? unable either to make a
:t Port Arthur or return to
k. where Admiral Kami-
Mad established a blockade.
HftUoa east of Yokohama
Rle iost her propeller and lay
for many days. Under sail
I waa worked into the harbor
Miguel on the east coast of
Tho captain and the super
the latter a Russian, came to
<1 sought protection for their
'-'■ partment was con
cable and recommended
ng the request for the Carlisle
■ y
THKI i COLORADO MURDERERS
Ml >I PAY DEATH PENALTY
Supreme < omi i>. m< - New Trials and
lMclare< Capital Punishment
Law Constitutional.
DENVER. March 6.— The Supreme
Hay denied a rehearing in
th<^ chscs of Newton Andrews. Fred
Id and Charles O. Peters, con
d*rnn*Mi to death for the murder of
Amanda Youngblood. reaffirming
-•:tutionality of the capital
ent law. Unless the Governor
t the trio will be hanged next
th.
Army Order*.
WASHINGTON. March 6. — Army
ciders: Captain David M. King, ord
nance department, will make a visit
to Fort infield Scott, Presidio, on of
ficial business pertaining to the in-
Kjection of the work being done on
the armament. By direction of the
President Brigadier General Frederick
Funston, United States army, is re
lieved from the command of the De
partment of the Lakes on March 31
•and will proceed to San Francisco, re-
I leving Brigadier General Francis
. Moore, United States army, from the
command of the Department of Cali
fornia and from the temporary com
mand of the Pacific division on April 6.
ADVLHII-I.ME.XTS.
Notice to
Pile Sufferers
We Don't Ask You to Take Anyone's
Word for What Pyramid
Pile Cure Will 80.
TOr CAK BATE A TSIALPAOEAGS FEEE BT MAIL
We receive hundreds of letters like
the following: "I have been feeling so
good I could hardly believe it, after
Buffering; with piles for a year, to and
that I am once more feeling like my-
eelf. I wish you could have seen me
before I started using Pyramid Pile
Cure and look at me now, and you
would 6a*' I am not the same man. I
ha\f gained twenty pounds/and all on
account of Pyramid Pile OUre." Wal-
ter Sharkly, M Park street, Springfield,
Mass.
"I bought a 80-cent box of Pyramid
Cure and used as directed with
the most unexpected results, a com-
rure. I have been troubld with
for thirty years and was in much
distress and passed much blood, but at
nt am free from any kind of
F. McKay. Weaverville, Cal.
Pyramid Pile Cure has been worth
thousands of dollars to me; ft cured
mp afr»-r using numbers of other reme-
■ and taking medicines from doc-
tore. It also cured my son, although
h*- could hardly walk, eat or sleep: he
now all right." B. Strinjffellow
T^t master, Eiko, S. C.
Hy the use of Pyramid Pile Cure you !
•id an unnecessary, trying and
•<=nme examination by a physician
and will rid yourself of your trouble In
th^ pnrscy of your own home at tri-
fling expense.
Afr««r using the free treatment, which
we mail jn a perfectly plain wrapper, ;
yon '-an secure regular full-sire pack-
* > •• druggist* at 50 cents each, .
, c- we Tfiil mail direct in plain pack- ■
age upon receipt of price. Pyramid j
Drug Company, 368 Main rtreet, Mar-
shall. Mich. '
HER IRON NERVE
GOES TO PIECES
Mrs. Cassie Chadwick Col
lapses Completely and Has
to Leave the Courtroom
FIRST DAY OF TRIAL
Session Ends Abruptly When
Second Witness Takes the
Stand and Prisoner Faints
CLEVELAND, 0., March 6.— A
complete nervous collapse by Mrs.
Cassie L. Chadwick brought the first
day of her trial to an abrupt close this
afternoon.
F. H. Haller of Oberlin, the second
•witness called by the State, was on
the stand and had answered but two
questions when Mrs. Chadwick, who
was very pale, whispered to her attur
fjey that she would be compelled tcr
cave the room. She passed out quickly
and on reaching the anteroom sank
into a chair in a faint.
Two trained nurses who were in the
courtroom were hastily summoned and
in a few moments Mrs. I'hatiwick \v;is
revived. She was in no condition to
return to the courtroom, however, and
Judge Tayler adjourned tne trial until
to-morrov/ morning. It was an excit
ing day for Mrs. Chadwick and she
took the keenest interest in all the pro
ceedings. Seated close oeslde her at
torneys, she scanned the face of every
Juror summoned and frequently ex
pressed her opinion of them to her
lawyers. In the afternoon, when Dis
trict Attorney Sullivan outlined the
case he expected to prove against her,
Mrs. Chadwick's eyes did not leave his
face for a second. When her counsel.
J. P. Dawley, rose to state her side of
the case, her face brightened and she
followed him as eagerly as she had
listened to Mr. Sullivan, and apparently
with more pleasure.
The trial made rapid progress to-day.
The jury was accepted within two
hours and this afternoon the opposing
counsel outlined their cases and the
taking of testimony was commenced.
Twenty-eight witnesses have been sub
poenaed by the Government and as far
as can be ascertained none has been
summoned by the defense.
The attorneys for Mrs. Chadwick are
confident that the Government will be
unable to prove its case.
Shorn of its legal phraseology the
charge upon which Mrs. Chadwick is
arraigned is conspiracy against the
law? of the United States— the con
spiracy as defined by the Government
resting in the agreement between her
and the officials of the Citizens' Na
tional Bank of Oberlin. Ohio, to issue
and negotiate certified checks when she
had no money in the bank.
DEMENTED BOY
SLAYS MOTHER
-Mortally Wounds Father
at the Home of Parents
in a New Jersey Town
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 6. — Richard
Wakeman, twenty-one years old, the
demented son of John and Augusta
Wakeman of Bloomfield avenue, Glen
ridge. N. J., attacked his parents this
afternoon. His mother died in Moun
tainside Hospital, where his father
lies, probably mortally hurt.
The young man first attacked his
mother with a hatchet, cutting her
head, and then went into the base
ment, where he drew a revolver and
fired at his father. One bullet lodged
in the fathers head above the left
eye, the second close to the heart and
the third imbedded itself in the back
of his head. The boy was in the act
of firing a fourth bullet, when the
father, who is a cripple, raised his
< run h and struck his son on the wrist
In an attempt to knock the revolver
out of his hand, but in so doing broke
The crutch.
Prior to attacking his father the
young man. who had been in the rear
yard, entered the house and asked his
father where his mother was.
"She is up stairs," said the father.
"She is not feeling very well and is
resting."
Richard then went up the stairs
leading from the basement to the
<i flooi- and walking into the
room seized a hatchet which he had
hidden behind a door and struck his
mother two violent blows on the head.
Her cries attracted her husband, but
before he could get up the stairs the
maniac had met him and fired the
6hots.
Mr. Wakeman called for help and
his cries were responded to by Percy
Jacobus, a neighbor. When Jacobus
entered the house Wakeman stood at
the foot of the stairs. In the mean
time the son had left the house and
in a few minutes Wakeman, despite
his injuries, had crawled up the stairs
and was beside his dying wife.
At the approach of Jacobus the
maniac fired a shot from his revolver
at him, the bullet just missing his
head. Jacobus, fearing death, ran
down the street in search of a police
man.
Wakeman and his wife, who was
Augusta Wakeman before her marri
age, were cousins. The son was born
with brain trouble.
DEFENDANTS FILE ANSWER
IN SUIT BROUGHT BY MOODY
Trust Denies Being in Conspiracy to
Control Paper Trade of
United Slates.
FT. PAUL, March 6.— The General
Paper Company and the other defend
ants in a suit brought by Attorney
fieneial Moody in the United States
Circuit Court against the so-called pa
pf-r trust, to-day filed tbefr answer to
the bill, in which they enter a general
denial that they have conspired to con
trol the paper trade of the United
States.
DOWJE \VOri,D ESTABLISH
ZIOX NEAR CITY OF MEXICO
! nkissed Son of Chicago's Elijah
Makes Announcement of Father's
Plan for Expansion.
CHICAGO. March 6.— The mission of
A. Gladstone Dowle, who visited Zion
City as the embassador of his father,
Dr. John Alexander Dowie, has been
disclosed at a secret meeting: of elders
and members in high standing of the
Christian Catholic Church. The part
made public was the definite announce
ment that a new Zion is soon to be es
tablished near the City of Mexico,
where Dowle now Is.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7. 1905.
ROYAL DEBUTANTE
IS SEVENTEEN.
Princess Ena Soon
Will lake Her
Bow in Society
IS KING'S NIECE
Pretty and Clever,
She Is Famous
Yachtswoman
LONDON, March
6. — Among inter
esting debutantes
of the season
who will make
their formal entry
into society at the
first court held at
Buckingham Pal
ace is Princess
Victoria Eugenic
Julia Ena of Bat
tenberg, usually
styled Princess
Ena. Born on Oc
tober 24, 1887, she
is now seventeen
years old, and as
her photograph
shows is quite a
pretty girl, having
inherited her full
share oi the good
looks that are tra
ditional in the Bat
tenb er g family.
The Battenbergs
have not much
money, and most
of her girlhood has
been passed with
her mother, Prin
cess Henry of Bat
tenberg, at Os
borne Cottage, Isle
of Wight. Hereto
fore she has taken
no part in state or
f
PRETTY NIECE OF KING EDWARD, WHO WILL. MAKE
HER FORMAL, ENTRY INTO SOCIETY AT FIRST
COURT HELD AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE.
. . *
society functions, and surrounded
by good influences, free from the arti
ficialities of court life and spending
much of her time out of doors, she has
developed into a wholesc-me type of
budding womanhood, high-spirited, full
of fun and entirely rice from affec
tations. Her favorite pastime is yacht
ing, a taste which she shares with her
mother, and she can handle a tiller or,
trim sheets in a thorough sailor-like
fashion. It is a pity that because of
her royal blood she will be subjected
to such severe restrictions in the choice
of a husband. The chances are that
some petty German duchy will event
ually provide her with a mate, though
an alliance with one of the native
houses of nobility would be much more
BIERCE'S WIFE
GETS DIVORCE
Spouse of the Well-Known
Writer Granted Decree by
the Court in Los Angeles
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 6. — Mrs.
Ambrose Bierce, the wife of the well
known newspaper and magazine
wri|er, was granted a divorce in the
Superior Court late this afternoon on
the grounds of desertion and failure
to provide. There was no contest.
Service of the summons was admitted
and the defendant was represented by
counsel, but no evidence other than
that presented by the complainant was
adduced.
The Bierces were married in 1870
and separated in 1891. For nearly
fourteen years they have not lived to
gether and for several years there has
been no communication between them.
Mrs. Bierce has been living in Los An
geles with relatives and Bierce has
been following his newspaper work in
various cities.
The cause of the estrangement was
not brought out in the evidence, but
it is understood that after a son of
the- couple killed a woman and him
self several years ago in Chico no ef
fort to secure a reconciliation was
made. No property interests were con
sidered in the divorce proceedings.
HOMES PLANNED
FOR BACHELORS
Dr. Eastabrook of Massachu
setts Would Make Them
Comfortable in Old Age
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EVERETT, Mass., March 6.— Dr.
Charles E. Estabrook of this city has
evolved a plan for the establishment
of a chain of homes for old bachelors
stretching across the country and has
formed the "Hope Brotherhood" to
carry out his project. He will estab
lish in Everett, a quiot little suburb of
Boston, the initial bachelor's home in
the chain and will call it the "Center
of Rest," which title will be given to
each home as established.
Dr. Estabrook's plan looks to the
uniting of middle-aged and elderly
bachelors of intelligence and refine
ment into a great brotherhood, who,
by their contributions, will help to
provide comforts and even luxuries
for bachelors as they become aged
and more or less helpless, instead of
their having to lead the lonely lives
they do now.
"The plan is wholly humanitarian
in its aim," said Dr. Estabrook to-day,
"social in its acts, but providing
havens of rest for men who have be
come nervous wrecks through the use
of tobacco, morphine or liquor, or
through the hard work and loneliness
they have been compelled to endure."
As the "brotherhood" increases
other "Centers of Rest" will be estab
lished as fast as the growth warrants
It. Able bachelors will be sent to
establish colonies in various places.
A London pawnbroker testified that
one of his tests of the honesty of a per
son who offered him an article for
pawn was whether he was In a hurry
or not. Hurry was prima facie evi
dence of dishonesty.
popular here.
Princess Ena's mother is the young
est daughter of the late Queen Vic
toria, which makes King Edward her
uncle. It in 1885 that Princess
Beatrice married Prince Henry of Bat
tenberg. who died in 1896. Ena is the
only girl in the family and has three
brothers— Prince Alexander, who is
barely a year older than herself, and
Prince Leopold and Prince Maurice,
who are much younger. Queen Vic
toria, as is well known, was extremely
partial to the Battenbergs and brought
abc-ut a match between her favorite
granddaughter and a younger brother
of Prince Henry, Prince Louis, who is
soon to visit America in command of
a flying squadron.
ANCIENT CENTENNIAL
TO GO TO HONOLULU
Coaster With Long and Varied Past
to Bring Japanese From
Hawaiian Islands.
HONOLULU, March 6.— The Japan
ese newspapers here contain advertise
ments announcing that the steamer
Centennial, belonging to Charles Nel
son & Co. of San Francisco, will leave
here March 25, and the steamer Olym
pia, belonging to the Oriental Trading
Company, on April 18, to take Japanese
laborers from the Hawaiian Islands to
the Pacific Coast States. The Centen
nial, the advertisements say, will make
monthly trips between the coast and
Honolulu.
MANY IMMIGRANTS ARE
SCHEDULED TO ARRIVE SOON
NEW YORK, March 6.— Nearly 20,000
immigrants, forerunners of the spring
rush, are scheduled to arrive this week.
Last week 14,585 were brought in by
thirteen ships.
Of the eighteen ships scheduled to
arrive, seven will bring 7578 Italians.
Of the large number now coming from
Italy the majority will go West.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New Spring Suit, $ 1 | p^^j|
To Your Measure for Imm vw i A
The price is no indication of the value, because the suits ; ! < ;^^pg;Mt- ,:•, :• jj jlfli
are really underpriced. 4 *>'•• r^^^S^. v*llr
They could easily bring more money right here in our Wv % M
own store, and surely our customers always look to us for ft^^^^a
The following facts are what make it possible for us to ||^ : : ;" |§B
give you a good fitting, good wearing suit for only $12.^p: ~^|||ffl|
We buy the cloth direct from the mills at manufacturers' IIPI
prices— we purchase in immense quantities for three work- ¥^^I^Bh
shops in New York and three in San Francisco. We have a fllpi lif jl :
big volume of business and make a small margin of profit on feS- %M
Other tailors have small businesses and buy cloth from I^l
jobbers and not from the mills direct. Their cloth costs them Jliij jL-J
from 2% to 30 per cent more than the same quality costs us. Wt
You save this profit in ordering your suits here.
We can show you several bright spring: patterns for $12.)0 in all the checks, stripes, mixtures
and overplaids of the season. / . •■ - ;
You are as welcome to inspect the stock in the store as you would be to look in our show windows.
;We guarantee a satisfactory fit: Money back to those who want it without a question on our part.
If you live out of : town send --^^ '. -%| % A f^pi^^W'B^k !• ' f^T%. Our self-measuring system as-
for samples and : self-measuring # M^" W W 9*9 |\) ill sure s out-of-town customers of a
blank. I *** 1 1 i«i,y \mo^ satisfactory fit.
' . U iCL 11 1V # , -- ' --. •'■■.! '.''■-■•. ■'■'■■■•, •. '- ■ ■'■ ■ . " -- v ■- .■"•".; ' -.^^ - ■' ■ . "*>-£_- -%.- •* -- t ■ - - '' ' ~- 3d MOlOv lUI y. Urn
- 740 Market* St. and Cor. Powell Eddy
ASSUMES CHARGE
OF THE REMAINS
Lieutenant Chandler Will
Take Body of Wife, Who
Killed Herself, toßaltimore
KIRKMAN WOULD RESIGN
Army Captain Said to Be Re
sponsible for the Tragedy
Wants to Leave the Service
OMAHA, March 6. — Lieutenant
Chandler, who arrived in Omaha this
evening to look after his wife's re
mains, positively declined to make any
statement concerning the causes which
led to her tragic suicide. When told
that he was being severely criticised
for not having come to Omaha imme
diately upon being notified of the sad
affair. Chandler explained that he had
been ill and was not able to come
earlier.
Chandler appeared to be very deeply
affected by the circumstances leading
to the suicide and feels very bitter
toward Captain Kirkman, who is
charged with- being the cause of it.
Chandler will take the body of his wife
to Baltimore, the home of her parents,
for burial.
Captain Kirkman is reported from
Fort Niobrara to-night to have ten
dered his resignation from the army
and to have requested that it be ac
ceDted at once.
MONEY' FOR MERCHANTS
IF THEY KILL ROBBERS
St. Louis Chief of Police Will Pay
$100 to Man Who Slays
Safe-Cracker.
ST LOUIS, March 6.— 'l will give
$100 to any business man who kills a
safe-blower in the act of blowing open
a safe in his place of business."
Chief of Police George O. Purdy of
East St. Louis made this definite an
nouncement to-day to the members of
the East St. Louis Police Department,
and instructed them to notify busi
ness men that such reward was ready
for any one who could kill a safe
blower in action on his premises.
Mayor Cook said Monday that he
had discussed the situation with Chief
Purdy and approved of the announce
ment he had made. "We want safe
breakers .alive," he said, "if we can
get them that way, but dead or alive,
we want them."
W ILL DO THE RIGHT AS GOD
GIVES HIM GRACE TO SEE IT
President Roosevelt Sends Message in
Reply to Baptist Ministers As
sembled at Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, March 6. — At
the weekly meeting of the Baptist
ministers to-day, the following mes
sage from President Roosevelt was
read :
"God giving me grace and strength,
I will do the right as He gives me
grace to see it."
The message, which was an answer
to one forwarded to the President,
was received w-ith great enthusiasm
by the clergymen.
BOUNDARY LJNE DISPUTE
IS FINALLY ADJUSTED
Minister Barrett Says Ancient Quarrel
Between Costa Rica and Panama
Has Been Settled.
WASHINGTON, March 6. — A cable
gram was received at the State De
partment to-day from Minister Bar
rett at Panama, stating that a con
vention had been signed adjusting
filially the boundary line between
Costa Rica and Panama. This boun
dary was for a long time a source of
friction between Colombia and Costa
Rica, having been very loosely denned
in the old Spanish grants and the new
state of Panama naturally inherited
the Colombian claims and contentions.
Miss Constance Barbara Clarke, a
nurse at St. Bartholomew's Hospital.
London, is to be married to Admiral
Sir J. K. Erskine Band, K. C. B.
SOPHS CHOOSE
THEIR EDITOR
FOR THE QUAD
STANFORD STUDENT ELECTED
EDITOR IN CHIEF OF COLLEGE
ANNUAL FOR NEXT YEAR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
6. — K. A. Bickel was to-day elected
editor-in-chief and J. F. Brennan was
chosen business manager of the Quad,
which the present sophomore class will
publish next year. The Quad, the
Stanford annual, is issued every spring
by the junior class. To-day's election
was spirited. Over 200 votes were cat.t
and Bickel and Brennan won by a good
majority.
Bickel registers from Geneseo. 111.,
and is a student in the English de
partment. He is very popular in the
college world, being an associate editor
on the Sequoia and a member of the
English Club. He is the author of the
lyrics in the junior opera which will be
produced in the spring. Bickel also
won the second prize in the story con
test in this years Quad. He is a mem
ber of the Press Club and of the Phi
Gamma Delta fraternity.
Brennan is a law major, registering
from Santa Barbara, and is very prom
inent in Stanford athletics, being a
member of the cardinal football squad.
NEW YORK CLUBMAN LOSES
JEWELRY WORTH $5000
Thieves Loot Apartments of Dudley
Oleott While He and His Wife
Attend Theater.
NEW YORK, March 6.— Jewelry
worth $5000 has been stolen from the
apartments in Sherman square of
Dudley Oleott. a well-known clubman.
So far the police have obtained no clew
to the thief who entered the apart
ments while Mr. and Mrs. Oleott were
attending a theater.
I WOLfOTT'S BODY CREMATED
AT THE FRENCH CAPITAL
Funeral in Paris of Former United
States Senator Attended by
Embassador Porter.
PARIS. March 6. — The funeral of
former United States Senator Edward
O. Wolcott. who died at Monte Carlo
March 1. took place to-day at the mort
uary chapel of Pere la Chaise Ceme
tery, in the presence of Embassador
Porter, Henry Wolcott and some inti
mate friends. The body was cremated.
MORMON CHURCH
DISMISSES HIM
Former United States Sen
ator Cannon Is Disfellow
shipped by Brother Elders
HAS TEIAL AT OGDEX
Accused Denounces Presi
dent Smith m Wonirijpei
of the Idols of Mammon
SALT LAKE. March B.— Former
United States Senator Frank J. Cannon
has been disfellowshipped from the
Mormon church for "unchristianlik^
conduct and apostacy. " Cannon hns
been an elder- of the church. Th:
tlon of the church authorities. «
was announced to-day, follow »■>
hearing in the city of Ogden before the
local bishopric, with whom charges haii
been preferred against Elder Cannon,
who is editor of the Salt Lake Tribunt .
The charges were based on editorial
utterances of the Tribune, including
"An address to the earthly king of
the kingdom of Ciod." Cannon ad
mitted the authorship when called be
fore the court and reaffirmed his edi
torial utterances. The official report of
the proceedings states that Elder Can
non, in answer to the question "Do you
sustain Joseph F. Smith as head of the
church?" replied:
"No, as President Joseph F. Smith is
leaving the worship of God for th^
ship of the idols of mammon, and is
leading the people astray."
TELLS STK ANGK STORY
OF AUTOMOBILE JOURNEY
Woman Who Claims to Live Here
Charged With Vagrancy in Brook
lyn Police Court.
NEW YORK. March «.— Calling her
self Mrs. Mildred Wilson of 48 Cali
fornia street. San Francisco, a woman
who tells a marvelous 3tory of making
a trip across the continent in an auto
mobile and stopping incidentally at
Washington for a quiet visit to Roose
velt, was held to-day on a charge of
vagrancy in the Myrtle-avenue police
court. Brooklyn.
The complainant is James F. Larby,
who says Mrs. Wilson engaged a room
from him on Sunday and left to-day
without offering payment or leaving
word that she intended to return. Mis.
Wilson told Larby all about her au
tomobile trip and of a visit she and
her husband made at the White House.
She spoke familiarily of 'Miss A
and of "That mischievous little rascal
Kermit." A next door neighbor o:
in San Francisco, she said, had been
Mrs. Leland Stanford, and she ex
pressed much sorrow at her death.
Mrs. Wilson explained her husband's
absence as being due to the au
bile breaking down. He had taken N
off to be repaired, she said, after send
ing her in quest of a boarding place.
No such woman is known here and
no woman has ever left this city to
make the transcontinental trip in an
automobile.
NO BAIL FOR GAYNOR
AND GREEN IN MONTREAL
Fugitives From American Law Ap
pear Before Canadian Extradi
tion Commissioners.
MONTREAL. March S.— Messrs. Gay
nor and Green, who are wanted by the
United States Government on charges
of fraud in connection with the Savan
nah River improvement, were before
Magistrate LaFontaine. the extra
dition commissioner, to-day.
Counsel for the accused men fiV<l
an objection to the jurisdiction of th-?
magistrate. The latter thereupon
agreed to a postponement of th<=>
until March 14 to give an opportunity
to get witnesses here.
Commissioner LaFontaine announced
that in his opinion the Dominion stat
utes did not jfrant him power to accept
bail for the prisoners.
34
RUSSIANS STUBBORNLY RESISTING
FIERCE ATTACK OF THE JAPANESE
Desperate Assaults
Exhaust the Little (
Brown Men.
Issue of the Battle Still in Doubt
nued From Page I. Colnmn 1
The firing was fiercest at the village of
rantzlatun, which was set on lire by
shells. Shrapnel was responsible for
uearty all the wounded. To-day*
fighting probably was only preliminary^
6lielling. Night attacks on the center
and left flanks were repulsed. The
Japanese left 2000 dead in front of
Gau Pass.
\i YU HWANG. March 6. via Tien
—Traders arriving here rei>ort
tixat 30,000 Japanese gained an en
trtnehed position live miles west of
in gates of Mukden last night. Hand
t<»-hand fighting until daylight fol
lowed without any advantage to either
fide. The traders further report that
Hie Russians, becoming alarmed,
burned the Government buildings,
preparatory to retreating.
.AL KKNNKNKAMPFF'S
. AKTERS, Night, via Muk
den, March 6.— Attack^, by the Japa
nese 10-day near Tupintai and on the
■ of General LJubavin were re-
i vlth heavy losses to the Jap
anese. The Russian left has been ad
vanced slightly and several of the Jap-
anese trenches have been taken after
fighte with the bayonet. Saturday aft
ernoon and night were comparatively
yuiet. there Lieing only an occasional
•-ring artillery firing in progress.
Ihe rest ie very welcome to the sol
- of this division, who have re
l.ulsed 120 attack? within the fortnight
and who have been engaged in con
tinual fighting during that length of
time. The Russian artillery forces and
the Japanese guns have been changing
;nd continuously.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL
REKNENKAMPFF, NEAR OI'BEX
EPUSA. Saturday. March 4,8 a. m., via
MUKDEN. March 6.— The road north
ward ie crowded as far as the eye can
reach by a continuous file of two
wheeled Chinese carts full of Russian
•wounded, the best testimony of the
with which the army of the East,
fighting continuously for a fortnight,
has defended every inch of the ground
ever which it has been compelled by
superior numbers to retire. Each cart
bears from three to five wounded men
whose exhaustion Is almost too utter
lor them to feel pain.
HJUPIiM EVERYWHERE.
Scarcely a groan or cry is heard —
yen the moans of the dying — only
the dismal creak of the rude wheels
and the thud of the ponies' hoofs are
audible. Most of the wounded have
their heads covered with Chinese blan
kets or dirty coats stiff with coagu
lated blood, hiding wan and dirty
facesi distorted with pain,' sunken eyes
and expanded nostrils. Here and there
n a cart with two wounded men
een whom is a corpse, which with
every jolt pounds against the hapless
living comrades of the man on whose
face death had sealed the distortion of
unbearable agony.
The valley in front of the Russian
tion has become a valley of death.
sea strew the debatable ground.
which neither side can remove its
Again and again the Japanese
charged down the slope and up the hill.
Apain and again the Russians counter
attacked, trying to gain possession of
th>' "hill with the tower." No quarter
■was asked for or given by either side.
The enmity ceased only in death. Here
■ Japanese upon a stone, a mo
ments pause for rest having stretched
him out into < ternity. There lie two
foe= v.ith bayonets sheathed in each
other"? hreapts.
Everywhere corpses — corpses —
two days the Russians
had been concentrating a heavy artil
lery On on "the hill with the tower,"
:ng the Japanese sapper work. At
•< k in the morning yesterday the
Russian skirmishers heard a noise at
' the hill with the tower."
g forward they discovered '
thht the Japanese were heaping up I
ADVERTISEMENTS. j .
• . ■ ■
ROSENTHAL'S
New Departure
C^ €T/\ Beginning March st we re-
*3*^^J . duced all of our Ladies' and
—^, Gentlemen's $3.50 'Shoes to
OnOCS $3.15 per pair.
===== Bear in mind that these are
R.edllC€(l our regular $3.50 Shoes —
, the best quality and assort-
A^*. ment offered in the city.
*"^ Every pair warranted first-
<r #% 1 m class and to be as represented.
I J Money back if not entirely
. satisfactory.
2| t -^ c °^ er every facility to
= make shopping pleasant, and
Crtconthai'c W welcome your investiga-
j^obcntnai 5 tion whethcf you buy or not
&jx3L\!i>L. kSj Ectsj fSt^wEJiS JIB. I £P|
1 % The Best SKocStorc^lr
1 07- XX 3 Kearny Street Near Post
corpses ac defenses. The Russian field
batteries immediately opened fire and
forced a cessation of the work.
At dawn yesterday the Japanese at
t.i'ked the Russian positions near
nepusa. The attackers were
scarcely recognizable as valiant Jap
anese, so mechanically did they move
forward and with undying persistence
attack only to be thrown back. They
repeated this at 10 o'clock in the mqrn
ing after a preparatory artillery bom
bH-dment, and reached the Russian
trenches, where a bayonet fight en
sued. At the crucial moment General
Alieff, commanding the vanguard,
arrived on the scene with two com
panies and turned the scale against the
me**. Among the wounded was
Lieutenant Colonel Hrostitsky of the
peneral staff, who nevertheless re
mained at the front. Toward evening
the fight slackened.
The Japanese employed an ingenious
scheme to deceive the Russian artil
lery, whose shells, though having the
ranges, appeared to be exploding
in the wrong. The officers were about
to resnrt to experimental firing when
skirmishers reported that the Japanese
were exploding small mines and even
throwing dirt In the air with spades to
effect a deception.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 6.— lt
has Just been learned that General
Kuropatkin has launched a blow at
Field Marshal Oyama's left center, Just
east of the railroad. The fighting is
desperate along almost the entire line.
Kuropatkin's losses in killed and
wounded up to last night are placed
at 23.500. Oyama is thought to have
almost 30.000. The Japanese, accord
ing to the prisoners, are greatly ex
hausted. They repeat the statement
that some of General No-gi's men have
nnt had any food for two days.
The result of the greatest battle of
modern times is expected to be deter
mined to-day or to-morrow. Two of
ihe largest armies of recent times,
both in men and guns, are now locked
in a death struggle, and although Gen
eral Kuropatkin has evidently made
every preparation to cover his retreat
by removing his accumulated stores
and munitions northward, it is now the
opinion of military men here that one
side or the other cannot escape an
overwhelming disaster. With both
wings bent backward Kuropatkin's
position appears to be desperate, but
the issue is still in the balance. News.
of a victory for him is only regarded
as possible by his breaking through
the enveloping lines and news of a con
centrated offensive is hourly awaited.
Unless Kuropatkin can strike and
strike hard It is realized that he must
lose.
OYAMA'S STRATEGY.
Field Marshal Oyama's strategy in
this bittle is now clear. He startled
and amazed the War Office by the
marvelous daring of General Kuroki's
advance against the extreme Russian
left and the series of blows delivered
a* the center, wher< no less than thir
teen separate attacks have been
launched by the Imperial Guards ten
miles east of Poutiloff Hill. But it is
now realized that the heavy blows
at the left were intended to mask the
real turning movement, which came
like a bolt from a clear sky out of
the we?t. Kuropatkin fell into the
trap. The situation seemed an exact
duplicate of that at Llaoyang and the
Russian commander in chief hastened
to mass forces at meet Kuroki. Fri
day the whole situation was suddenly
reversed, when with lightning rapidity
the Japanese turning operation began
on the plain between the Hun and
Liao rivers.
In order to succeed Oyama threw
tho neutrality of China to the winds.
General Nogi, with his Port Arthur
veterans, moved up the right bank of
the Hun River and fell like an aval
anche upon the weakened Russian
right, doubling it back in confusion^
the Japanese advance being co-ordi
nated with the advance straight from
the west of a Japanese column of
40.000 men, which circled around or
through Chinese neutral territory. Al
though rumors of the presence of the
latter column westward of Mukden
were circulated as long ago as Tues-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MARCH 7. 1905.
Battle Is Raging in
Spite of Heavy
Snowstorm.
BAYONET IS USED
Number Killed in
Engagement Ex
ceeds 2000.
WITH THE JAPANESE LEFT
ARMIES, Thursday. March 2, via
Tientsin, March 6.— The Japanese Jsft
armies are still continuing their ad
vance, despite a heavy snowstorm, and
are attacking Kujp.tsz and Ertaitaz.
The Russian second line of defenses
was captured during the night of
March 1. The attacking and bombard
ing are of a furious nature and the Rus
sians are defending their positions
stubbornly. It is the evident intention
of the Japanese to crush the Russian
right flank along the main line, forc
ing a general withdrawal acroßS the
Hun River. Now that a foothold has
been secured in the Russian defenses,
it is believed the Japanese can accom
plish their object in a few days.
In the meantime the bombardment
of the center is continued with in
creased vigor. The capture of Huande
this morning wa^ the sensational event
of the battle. So far small detach
ments of Japanese troops sent to
reco-nnoiter the Russian positions ap
proached them under cover of a heavy
snowstorm and suddenly charged, driv
ing a superior force from the trenches
at the point of the bayonet and oc
cupying them.
The village of Chintan, captured on
the night of March 1, is important, as
the piace is the end of the main defen
sive works on the Russian right wing
and gives the Japanese the best pos
sible pivot to swing northward the
army now west of the Hun with the
object of entirely enveloping the Rus
sian right. The Japanese operations
during the night of March I were ex
tremely difficult. The Russian works
were very strongly defended by en
tanglements and many machine guns
and the Russians used searchlights
and star shells, but in spite of these
the Japanese, under cover of a heavy
bombardment, rushed the works at the
point of the bayonet, killing many of
the Russians and imprisoning some in
the trenches.
At Potietz the Japanese captured a
strong redoubt at the foot of a small
hill. Unofficially the Japanese casual
ties are placed at 2000. The Russian
losses are believed to be greater. Dur
ing the operations on the left the Jap
anese center has been heavily bom
barding the Russian positions with
heavy guns, destroying villages and
defensive works.
MACARTHVR AT FRONT.
American General Preparing for Trip
to Battlefield.
TOKIO, March 6.— Major General
Mac Arthur of the United States army,
accompanied by his aid, Captain Par
ker W. West of the Eleventh Cavalry,
and by Captain John J. Pershing of
the Fifteenth Cavalry will leave Tokio
for the front March 9 as military ob
servers with the Japanese armies.
United States Minister Lloyd C. Gris
com is making arrangements for their
departure.
* — ■ — : ■ — — ■-+■
day, Kuropatkin evidently j was taken
by surprise, possibly refusing to be
lieve that the Japanese would thus
openly fling Chinese neutrality to the
winds. At any rate, it was not until
Saturday night that he 'was able to
shift sufficient reinforcements west to
stem the tide when the Japanese were
within sight of Mukden. '\;<
JAPANESE EXHAUSTED.
The latest advices are to the effect
that the Japanese, exhausted by their
tremendou > efforts, had everywhere
stopped, and now if ever Kuropatkin's
hcur has come. The Japanese lines
are extended over-several miles, while
Kuropatkin's are constantly contract
ing. Besides he has the advantage for
the offensive of operating in the in
terior of his lines.
Military critics declare Oyama has
not got enough superiority to take
ri. c ,ks. According to the "War Office,
Oyama bas not over 70,000 men In ex
cess of Kuropatkin, whose forces total
about 340,000. Should Oyama suc
ceed the critics declare that he will
prove himself to be a master of mili
tary science and establish a reputa
tion for military genius of the first
magnitude. But unless he can com
pletely crush Kuropatkin's right they
say Oyama is in imminent danger of
having hla own left cut off and de
stroyed. Kuropatkin's chance, the
War Office says, is to take the offen
sive, as passive resistance would be
fatal.
NEWCHWANG, March 6.— There is
every Indication that the great Jap
anese movement for the envelopment
of Mukden has so far met with over
whelming success and that the strong
hold of the Russians will prove an
other Sedan.
In the past few days little haa been
heard from the fighting along the
strongly fortified central positions, and
it is believed that the Japanese center
is only required to hold its ground
while the wings stretch far to the
northward for the purpose of encircling
the Russian flanks and threatening the
railway.
General Nogi's Third Army from
Port Arthur has advanced Mar on the
left wing and swept all before It. No
gl's men are reveling in the field work,
which they consider child's play' after
the siege of Port Arthur.
London's Street Cars.
There are in London about 115% miles
of tramways, of which eighty-eight
miles have been purchased by the Lon
don County Council under the pro
visions of the tramway act of 1870.
The remainder, about twenty-seven
and a half miles, are still In the hands
of various tramway companies.
The tramways owned by the Council
on the north side of the Thames (for
ty-eighty miles) are leased to the North
Metropolitan Tramways Company for
a period of fourteen years, expiring in
1910; thoße on the south Bide of the
Thames (forty miles) are operated by
the Council itself.
The tramways act of 1870 provides
that the local authority concerned may
purchase compulsorily, after a period
of twenty-one years from the date of
the authorization by Parliament, any
tramways constructed and operated by
private companies. — Consular Reports.
AfV for Log: Cabin Bread at grocers" an< j
branch bakeries; wholesale. 900 Dolores at.*
/
Dead and Dying Sons of Nippon
Piled Up and Used as
Breastworks.
Siberian Sharpshooters
Make Brilliant Defense
MUKDEN, Sunday, March 5.— A cor
respondent has just returned from
spending the entire day, March 4, with
the Russian vanguard on the right
flank, where General Nogi is attacking
desperately and especially at Niach
piau, where there is a crossing of the
Hun River, four miles below the rail
road. He says all the Japanese attacks
on March 4 were repulsed, but only
owing to the most heroic fighting,
which was renewed this morning. Tha
vast plain of the Liao and Hun River
valleys presented a brilliant panor
amic scene. The day being clear and
sunny the movement on both sides was
distinctly visible except when clouds of
yellow dust raised by the west wind
swirled down and hid the shifting lines
of infantry.
Charge followed charge, attack, re
pulse and counter-attack, Russians and
Japanese fighting viciously for every
foot of ground and clinging like grim
death itself to every Chinese cottage
and mud wall, the only covers in the
rich bottom land. Every village was
the scene of struggles rivaling the fa
mous La Haye Sainte at Waterloo.
One regiment of Siberian sharpshooters
was led to the attack by Colonel Kou
korin, who was wounded in the foot
February 28, and directed the opera
tions from a litter.
The villages of Sahouda, Yapu and
Lanshanpu were taken and retaken
several times, Lanshanpu finally pass
ing into the hands of the Japanese
March 4. The Japanese used hand
grenades emitting a suffocating gas.
From the front and leffflank the re
ports are of an encouraging nature. A
desperate attack of the Japanese to
day on Poutiloff Hill resulted moat
tragically to them, the Russian artil
lery turning lines of Japanese into
heaps of bleeding bodies, which the
survivors quickly converted into
breastworks, from which they were
driven by a bayonet charge and the
murderous fire of the artillery. The
attack of the Japanese Imperial
Guards' division, according to reports
from General Zassalitch, crumbled be
fore the brilliant defense of the Siber
ian sharpshooters.
On the left General Linevitch holds
the hills stubbornly. It is even said
that he has made a counter-attack and
has retaken some redoubts and has
advanced a few miles.
FAITH IN OYAMA.
Japanose Believe Marshal Will Defeat
Kuropatkin.
TOKIO, March 7, 10 a. m.— All Japan
is eagerly watching developments at
the great theater of war in Manchuria.
The people are confident that Field
Marshal Oyama will defeat General
Kuropatkin. The only Question consid
ered is the extent and severity of the
blow that he will inflict and its effect
upon the course of the war.
It is believed that the possession of
Mukden and a line on the Hun River
are already assured and many predict
even a fcrreater disaster for the Rus
sians. General Kuropatkin seems to
be devoting his greatest energy to the
protection of Fushun in order to pre
serve a line of retreat. He has sent
masses of reserves there. The posi
tions east and south of Fushun have
already been the scenes of the most
bloody fighting. The operations of the
Japanese left and part of the center
continue to be successful.
It is believed that the Japanese will
succeed in cutting the railway north
of Mukden.
Various estimates of the losses al
ready sustained by the opposing forces
are being made. One Tokio newspaper
places the Russian loss at 25,000 and
the Japanese at 10,000. The estimates
are unreliable on account of the mea
gerness of the information at hand.
The Japanese spoils of war promise
to be heavy.
MEN IN FINE SPIRITS.
Russians Undaunted by Death and
Suffering.
MUKDEN, Sunday, March 5. — An
official report in the Army Messenger
Bays:
"The southern position is unchanged
so far as Shakhe."
After acknowledging that the cen
tra! army has fallen back from Sinch
inpu, in order to contract the length of
the line of battle connecting the inner
positions, the Messenger says:
"The spirit 3of the men are excel
lent. Marvelous composure is being
displayed, considering the approaching
crisis."
The paper admits the Russian losses
pre heavy, but says the battle is going
on successfully. All the roads leading
from Manchiapu and the western plain
which has suddenly been Invaded by
the battle are crowded with Chinese
refugees.
Opposite Poutllofl Hill the Russians
arr reported to have captured two ma
chine guns. r
CAPTURE JAPANESE.
Russians Make Prisoners of 100
Brown Men.
MUKDEN, March 6, 4:45 a. m.— The
Russians in their attack March 6, east
ward of Poutiloff Hill, captured about
100 Japanese prisoners. Eastward the
Japanese have continued their at
tacks on the Kandolisan* positions, but
the forces previously attacking Gaotu
Pass have withdrawn southward. The
Japanese attacks March 5 were every
where repulsed. The fiercest fighting
was on the right wing, extending from
Machiapu to Nueslntun. The artillery
duel continued all day throughout the
zone, stretching: from Salingpu to Lu
guantaln.
RUSBIAXS SANGUINE.
Ku r opal kin Satisfied With Conditions
at Mukden.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 6.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin, in a dispatch from
the front, dated March 5, says:
"The situation at the Mukden front
remains Quiet. On the left flank, on
the right bank of the Hun River, near
Machiapu, the Japanese have resumed
the offensive energetically. Two at
tacks were repulsed.
"The battle continues successfully
northward of Machiapu. All are show
ing the greatest bravery. In the cen
ter our positions on the Shakhe River,
so far as Shahpao, are retained. Night
attacks on Poutiloff and Novgorod
hills were beaten off. We counter
attacked this morning and captured
two machine guns. In the Erdagon re
gion the enemy is also bombarding our
positions.
"The Japanese during the night at
tacked Kandolizan. All the assaults
were repulsed. An attack on Gaotu
Pass at 11 o'clock last night was beat
en off. The night was quiet in the ex
treme left flank."
JAPANESE DRIVEN BACK.
Russians Effectually Block the Mik-
ado's Men.
MUKDEN, March 6, noon.— Fighting
began this morning as soon as the fog
cleared and up to the present time
has been increasing in intensity. The
Russians are gradually forcing the
Japanese north and west and have
taken the villages of Tzuanvanche,
F'antziatun, Tinvinchin and two others.
General Kaulbars and his staff are on
advanced positions, directing opera
tions. The Japanese artillery is pound
ing away fiercely in the region of
Ulinpa. Some shells from ?ight-lnch
field guns, charged with Chinese pow
der, are also exploding not far away
and shrapnel is roaring.
Japanese prisoners are filing past
toward the rear. They are ravenous
with hunger. They say they started
with provisions for three days and were
then ordered to make them last for sfx
days. They had not eaten since Sun
day morning.
General Kuropatkin has ordered that
they be fed and they are eating as they
march in. In the operation on Sunday
in the district of Madzapu and Miuch
iatun the Japanese were repulsed. The
attack by the Japanese division west
of Hushitai was at first successful, but
Russian reserves arrived and checked
the Japanese.
In the villages of Sandepas and
Shakhe the Japanese seized the oppor
tunity, while the Russian corps were
changing front, to furiously endeavor
to break the line. The Japanese suc
ceeded In thrusting a wedge in the in
terval, but Russian artillery concen
trated a terrible fire of 8-lnch guns
upon the attacking force and the Jap
anese were finally driven out with
heavy loss.
The Japanese made several night at
tacks, especially at Madzyapu, which
were unsuccessful.
THOUSANDS WOUNDED.
Russian War Office Places Figure at
12,000.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 7, 3:15 a.
m.— The War Office estimates the num
ber wounded in the battle of Mukden
at 12,000, including 234 officers, but
makes no statement regarding the
number of dead. This undoubtedly is
a conservative statement. The Japan
ese losses, according to the same source
of information, are estimated at 30,000.
The optimistic tone of the war •cor
respondence is reflected in military cir
cles here. It is considered that, even
if General Kuropatkin has not suc
ceeded in delivering a crushing blow at
the Japanese, he has at least insured
the possibility of wlthdrawal.which was
greatly jeopardized by the operations
of General Nogi and General Kuroki.
The result of General Kuropatkin's
reported counter attack west of the
railroad, which if successful, would
drive a wedge between the western
army and the Japanese forces on the
Shakhe River, is awaited with keen
anxiety. It is felt that this is the op
portunity which he misused at Liao
yang and which deprived the Russians
of victory when it had almost been
won.
READY TO ATTACK.
Japanese Are Preparing for Decisive
Battle.
SAKHETUN, March 6, 2:45 p. m.—
According to reports just received the
Japanese have advanced to attack
along the whole line. Fighting has
been in progress on the right flank of
the Russian army near the imperial
tombs since morning, but at this hour
It appears to be lessening, and the
roar of artillery indicates that the
fighting is gradually sweeping farther
and farther from Mukden.
Several regiments stationed near
Poutiloff and Novgorod Hilla Sunday
night attacked and captured Japanese
trenches, approaching under cover of
darkness.
The fighting was sharp and the Jap
anese used hand grenades, but finally
were expelled at dawn. The weather
to-day Is superb.
WILL, INCREASE FORCE.
Reinforcement* of 400,000 Russians
for the Far East.
LiONT>ON, March 7. — The correspond
ent at St. Petersburg of the Times,
telegraphing March 6, says:
"Reassuring dispatches to-night
claim that the Japanese already have
used all their reserves. If he receives
positive Information on this point Gen
eral Kuropatkin will hurl his entire
force to-morrow south and southwest
of Mukden and try to break Oyama 's
army.
"At a preliminary meeting of the
War Council to-day (Monday) General
Dragomiroff presiding, General Gripen
berg was present. It was proposed to
send an additional 400,000 men to the
Far Bast."
Council of War Postponed.
ST. PETERSBURG, March «.— The
extraordinary council of war which
was to have been held to-day has been
postponed until to-morrow.
Gump's Exhibit.
A fre* exhibition of paintings now being
given by the 8. & O. Gamp Co. at Native Sons*
Hail. The works comprise splendid examples
ot much, men as Julien Dupre. Caesar Deiti,
Professor Max Gaisser, Enrique Serra. In the
landscape portion of th« whibit there are
thr« «up«rb examples of Francois Maary.
two of Japy and three Qharming spring scenes
ot Jacomln, and "On the Banks of the Loire,"
by. Jlminea. George Lsugree is represented by
three v«ry remarkable canvases. There is a
large painting of cattle in Normandy by
Debat Ponsan. Among the old masters repre
sented is a strong picture by Louts Jacques
David and a remarkable canvas by Paul Ver
onese.
Pears'
Why is Pears' Soap— the
best in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it-
sold for 15 cents a: cake?
It was made ( for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality.
Sold all over the world. _£
DISEASES OF MEN I
** V■ * . . -^ ■ "*"
. Oar modern mid ap-ta-date methods
for the certain and speedy cure <•( Stricture
Rapture, Piles. Blood . Poison, Nerv-
ous Debility and Contracted Disorders
■ have won for us thousands of testimo-
nials from patients who have been cured. _
Vnrtcocele. we treat by our improved
medical vibratory method; where others use
the knife. We issue a bond as a guaran-
tee to cure all cases we undertake. Our Im-
proved French Cones for the treatment of
the injured Prostate never fail. Any man
suffering from Weakness and wno la Unde-
▼eloped can obtain from us (free by mall)
our 10 day's special treatment and illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect of Lo«t
Vitality and W>alint.«a. Recent cases
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrigating Method.
Correspondence private. Consoltstioft FREE.
the DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Qpp. Hale's Ware rrancisco^Cal^
No. 1. So. 2.
Cut No. 2 shows an Improvement that
we actually make by our up-to-date
methods. . . ■ - . - • -
"OBDOBTUaDEB"
Is our local anaesthetic (or extracting
teeth painlessly. . - • •
EXTRACTING, sOc.
Bridge Work and Irregularities of the
teeth given special attention.
Prices within the range of all. t
DR. R. L. WALSH
301 SUTTEB STREET.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanses and beautifies tha
teeth and purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
fox over a quarter of a century.
Very convenient for tourists.
PREPARED BY
I The thousands of . people who
write to me, saying that
Shiloh's
Consumption
Cure TSii"*
cured them of chronic coughs,
cannot all be mistaken. There
must be some truth in it.
_ Try • bottle for that cough of yours.
Prices: S. C. Wells & Co. 10
25c. 50c. #1. Leßoy. X.V.. Toronto. Can.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great
iHUSEUM of anatomy
A Ckft 105iniEKET8T.l)et.6th*;Ui.S.P.C*L
X y&T Th» Largest Aatttmlesl Kmcob ia ths
A tL>. World. »>alne»»si or any oontneted
¥ Mm disfM* S)o»HI»elyc«r«4 !>T tb« oldc»
• fgffl SpecittliloutlicCout. JUt. 16 jean.
A jJ§E?I OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ V (CB^B Coumttisloa tree and ttr!c«y prirats.
m 1 W| Tretttneut p«r»»ii*U; or bj letter. a
T ■ W .-TJI ■ poaiti w curt ia ever? cue ander*akra.
aril Iff v *""••> for Book, pmi.ossp<T •*
\" 1 11 M,mni.»cK. uailju> rau. f a
A *• '--'Jg" : T»lo»M« book tot mea->... . '
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1031 Market St., S.P.
I H. S. BRIDGE & CO.,
8 MERCHANT TAILORS. '\'
<> ' "' REMOVED TO ' <;■!
if 112 SuVtet Street,. ill
'4 •-^ : BAH CXBOO. v • :;':: ;' :
1 1 Novelties ;in Imported Wear. :V<:
■iffc-Jr FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRSPTION
l _ __
[carters! cijre sick B£ADAClie -
■■ittie Genuine Must Bear
i VER I Fac-Simile Signature.
■ PILLS. _0 — *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Buy One
of these
• } Up-to-date .In shape and Jl
I workmanship. A splendid value. II
I bare other high-grade a
l ! Knives as low as iRt.OO I
' ' WANT A GOOD RAZOR? I j-
have excellent ones of nn« fl
make, from $1.00 up /I
STAR SAPETT X&AZOS. afl
fine value. 1 Regular price $2.00. [/
V My price *1.2.» II
l> Razors honed and ground v
\\ Ron ins :--. T|
II Mail orders promptly ailed.
// THAT IKAXT PITTS. I
// F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer. /
// 1008 ISABXXT ST.. ODD. PlftH. //
II SAN FRANCI3CO. l>
STATEMENT
- .. • .
OK THTB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the —
Northwestern Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THB STATE OF
Wisconsin, on the 3Ut day o* December.
A. D. 1904. and for the year ending on that
day, made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to th« re-
quirements of Section 613 of the Political Cod*
of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate- Owned J"
by th» Company $■,■?•>•• OS
I Amount of Loans secured by
t Bond and Mortaraca on Real
I Estate 83.580,0T8 20
Loans made to policy holders on
. Company'! policies assigned as
collateral .77. 16.M6.4M 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of
premiums on policies now In
force U3.T40 48
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com- •
pany n.»U.34» 98
Amount of Cash on hand In Com-
pany's Office 271.435 79
Amount of Cash deposited ia
Banks 8,318.881 07
Interest due the Company and
unpaid 154,135 31
Interest accrued but not due.... 2.729.568 80
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums X 009.959 93
Rant due and accrued 26.337 IS
Total Assets $193,777,433 29
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~~
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and
unpaid $134,039 19
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but
not due 307.924 M
CUims for death losses, re-
ported, no proofs received 139.339 18
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording: to tha Combined ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with 4 per cent Interest, and
American Table. 3 per cent.. 138.828.834 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 8,328.118 15
Tontine surplus payable to policy
holders 22.859.307 97
All other liabilities 904.481 43
Total Liabilities $138,800,634 33
General Surplus  ..'...i..'. • 7.17«,7TS 79
IXCOME.
Cash received for premiums oa
new policies during the year. . $3,933,363 83
Cash received for renewal of
premiums during the year.... 24,083,374 00
Consideration for supplementary
contracts not Involving Life
Contingencies 295.309 00
Cash received for Interest « 7,942.033 ?S
Cash received for rents 387.442 77
Cash received from all other
sources 83,332 37
Total Income $38,711,149 57
EXPENDITURES. -
Cash paid for losses and ma-
tured endowments $8,274,403 S3
Cash paid to annuitants 50.9 M 83
Cash paid for surrendered pol-
icies a,013.288 18
Cash paid for dividends to policy
.holders 5.340. 33
Commissions paid to agents ... 3,094,040 19
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, ex-
cept agents and medical ex-
aminers 813.277 73
Traveling expenses of managers
of agencies 12,248 33
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 157.4&4 21
Cash paid for taxes 700.654 04
Cash said for rents .. . 41.042 30
Cash paid for commuting com-
missions ......'....... 873, 53
Total Expenditures during
the year $21,903,183 01
Premium Note Account—
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year $312,311 M
Premium notes and other ,
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. 152.112 M
Total 9404.439 «•
Deductions during the
year as follows:
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga- *
tion* : used in payment
of losses and claims. . $10,313 M
Amount .of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions us«d in purchase
of surrendered policies. 9.963 80-
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment,
of dividend* to policy
holders • • 44,392 23
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse
of policies ............ 9,191 79
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions by
maker In cash .'. 78.831 83
• —^ — — — •
Total reduction of .
Premium Not* ' Ac-
count. :. $150,883 OS
Balance not* assets
at end of th» year. $313,740 44
H. U PALMER. President.
J. W. SKINNER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thta
27 th day of January. 1905.
W. J. HOLBROOKE. Notary Public
-Ten Years' Brawih of California Business.
Date— Business.
January 1. — Insurance in force. $8,596,000
: January 1. 1807— Insurance In force. 8,013.000
1 January 1. — Insurance In fore*. 7,055 OX)
' January 1, 1899 — Insurance in fore*. 8.042.000
January 1. 19C0 — Insurance in force.' 9.359, (X0
January 1. 1901 — Insurance In force. 10,720.000
January 1. 1902 — Insurance in force. 11.380.000
' January 1. 1903 — Insurance in force. 13.891:000
January. 1. 1904— Insurance in force. 18.242 000
January 1. — Insurance m force. 13.398.000
CLARENCE M. SMITH, General Agmt.
J. B. THOMAS, Assistant 6eml Agent.
Pitt la 1 Building, San Francisco, Cal.
" ,' " " " — ' "" " ' ' ~ ■
jS^Mß^m MENANBWOMEft.
<^SM^ITtE^^H Cm Big €l lor an natural
jKJStr iiiMtiuV •*'—*! --fit tTiflnrmitinae.
BBSS QumiHi 1 I Irritation* or alcaratlesja
o*! mi t» ttriat«ra. ~ ofmuooas m«mbr»a*c
H_ f T'**f'' I ** I *V Painless, sad aot aacrts/
ffTXfTHEEnXSCHEMICAICO. «ent or aoisoaova
Mi 31MimUTI.».M I told ar Hi ■»«■■>■,
O.S. * A T »r seat i« alatt wnkvpa*
ff^ t <frTn by ezar«v prepaid. to*
VSBORI »i.<».« t bottles la.rV.
■ Cirz3i%* ssat oa n«-M«t>
WEIEY uALIj, ran IJiAKREVEALS SECRET
OF A LONG LIFE
( >hio Preacher Tells Chicago
Audience That Man Should
Bo Able to Live 150 Years
IV HE OXLT KNOWS HOW
]>r. Lyman Beecher Sperry
Declares His Conclusions
to Have a Scientific Basis
•CAW, March 6.— Man may live
happiiy and usefully for 150 years, ac
cording to Dr. Lyman Boecher Sperry
of Oberlin, Ohio, who has expressed
this belief in an addrese delivered be
fore the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation of Chicago.
"After a third of a century of scien
tific study such is Uie conclusion," said
i^erry. "The destructive forces
which bring about the present low av
uf longevity are manifold, bnt I
c It is possible to enjoy good
b and activity up to a century
and a half by & proper understanding
c human possibilities and the ex
ercise of this knowledge."
Dr. Sperry's topic was the "Science
f LJving ' his main object ap-parenl
\f being to point out the influences
■ retard longevity, with stress on
the theory that imnioraiity has a di
bearing <m th«* physical being.
MAY YOHE AND HI IK
HUSBAND RECONCILED
Acnr»»«* and Captain Strong Once More
Adjust Thojr >fan> Matri
monial Differences.
XTKEAL. March 6. — Captain
Putnam I -:rong and his wife,
Yohe. the vaudeville actress, af
. .other reconciliation this
Attendant upon the excite
iny after her reunion
. • g. May Yohe broke
:ne middle of her act at the
to-night and was
ed from the wings to her dressing
• nsoious.
She was to have sung four 'or five
songs, but after the second song.
. sung: to the upper right-hand stage
box. in which Captain Strong was
seated, she became dizzy and signaled
* the stage manager to ring down the
curtain.
1! KIM) TO AGED
<-'(PLF. IN DES MOINES
Calls Wife of \ et«van a F«w Hour?
After Summoning Her
S{x>use.
9 MOINES. March 6. — United
tf-thrm year? the union of Mr.
kftl James HaJl of Palo was
r Jtxtt hours and
ran end wife were reunited in
Mr. and Mrs. Hall were mar-
M the outbreak of the Civil
Husband enlisted as a private
- ■ as a nurse. They were in
se until peace was declared,
which they settled in this State.
rday at noon the husband died at
I E sixty-eight. This morning
passed away.
KB PS VOW TO RIJMAIN
I \>HAYi;\ VMIL DEATH
thil War Veteran With Whiskers
BSMBI I -<T Long Dies in
Kentucky.
LEXINGTON. Ky., March 6.—An
. ?hirid<=>!! died at his
c to-day, aged seventy-two years.
I ttte Civil War Shiddell "made
nleai Southern Con
waa recognised he would
i his whiskers and as a result
the time of his death
Bkere seven feet long, which he
>d up and pinned under his
THEATRIC* !. TKOITE LOSES
\\ ARDROBi: IN SHIPWRECK
•n«-lnp Cairo Goes Ashore at the
m<r t<> th«- Port of
Al<*xandria.
ALEX;. ' h 6. — The
I - : I •of the Xavigazione
-no has been wrecked at
f this port. All the pas-
D ashore.
hem were Actor Ermete No
• il.any, who were
•our in Egypt. They have
• ;r scenery and clothes. The
~riec\ mails and it is hoped
V be recovered.
PBJMA DOVXAI HUSBAND
WOUNDED UV DUEL
Sifinor Walter Mocchi. Whose Wife Is
Emma Carrelli, Fights With
Milanese Editor.
MIL.A2C, March 6. — A duel has been
fought between Socialist Leader Sig-
COr Walter Mocchi. husband of Prima
Donna Emma CarrelH. and Signor
F.anchi, who had published in the
H'Sera an article offending Mme. Car-
hi wa« wounded, re
t ng; a severe rut on the head.
I M < KITTARY FOR
IRELAND QITTS HIS POST
Premier Balfour Announce* in the
■MM of Commons That Wynd
hara Has Resigned.
NDOK, March 6. — Premier Bal
• meed in the House of Com
- to-day that Wvndham, thp Chief
Ireland, has resigned. '
WASHEtGTOST. March — Joseph L Jones
has been appointed fourth class postmaster at
Orv^lan*. S=an Benito County, CaJ., vice An
nie y lit r.cncks.
J ADVEKTIgKMEyTS. .......
' Profit "
Sharing Sale
c . Makes Large Saving : mm
3ale to & Come
Now On Housekeepers Early
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You
. . CITY STOKES: •■■'• ■■
861 Market St. 3006 16th St. 146 IClnth St. 206 Third St.
213 Butter St. 2516 Mission St. 469 Fourth St. 3285 Mission St.
Ml 9 Polk St. 8008 Pillmore St. 705 iarkln St. 52 Market St.
356 Hayes St. 476 Hairht St. 2732 24th St. 366 Third St.
140 Sixth St. 1819 Devlaadero St. 531 Montgomery. At*.
OAELAHD, AIAMEDA AND BEEIELET STORES: '
1063 Washl&rton St. . 1810 Seventh St. Berkeley, 8141 Center St.
1185 33d Are, . • 616 E. 12th St. : Alamed- 1356 Park St.
YOUTH OF THIRTEEN STIRS
ENGLISH MUSICAL WORLD
Percu Hughes Is a Marvefous Pianist
LONDON. March
6. — Percy Hughes
is a lad who will
bear Matching. If
he fulfills the
promise of his boy
hood the world will
hear of him some
day. Only thirteen
years old — the age
at which the aver
age boy regards
games as the chief
object of his exist
ence — he has just
won the John
Thomas scholar
ship at the Royal
Academy of Music.
The fact that it is
open to any one
under twenty-one,
and was keenly
contested by many
aspiring musicians,
affords some meas
ure, of his precoc
ity. He was the
youngest competi
tor entered. Prior
to this achieve
ment he had gain
ed more than 200
prises at piano
forte competitions
in Wales, including
two first prizes at
Welsh musical fes
tivals against all
comers.
Percy was born
with a passion for
music and that ca
pacity for over
coming obstacles
which is the surest •
indication of gen
iU6. He is a poor
boy. His father is
a clerk in a Welsh
colliery, and out of
a salary which has
never exceeded $10
a week haß had to
maintain a family
of peven children.
Under the circum
stance* he could
not afford to pay
anything to have
WEL£H BOY. WHO HAS JUST WON, AGAINST MA-NY
COMPETITORS, THE JOHN THOMAS SCHOLARSHIP
AT THE. ROYAL, ACADKMV OF MUSIC. IjONDON.
the boy taught music. The little fel
low just picked it up for himself and
found opportunity to practice nobody
knows hnw until his skill attracted so
much attention that some neighbors
■who werf comparatively well off placed
their pianos at his dipp^al After that
there was no stopping his playing. His
NORTON SUES
HIS SON-IN-LAW
Former Vice President
Seeks a Reconveyance of
Tart of Daughter's Dowry
Specta.l Dispatch to Th« CaJl.
NEW YORK. March 6 — Levi P. Mor
ton, former Vice President of the
United States, has begun a suit
against his son-in-law. Count Boson de
Talleyrand-Perigord, now Duke de Val
lencay, to set aside a transfer to the
Duke and his bride, who was Helen
Morton, of the property in Nassau
street, known as the Morton building.
This property is supposed to be worth
not less than 1,000,000.
The matter came "before Justice
Dowling In the Supreme Court to-day
on an application made by Morton for
the service by publication of a supple
mental summons upon his son-in-law.
This was granated.
True marriage of Miss Morton took
place October 4. 1901. Subsequent to
the marriage the Count and Countess
led in Paris.' In July last the
OoonteM obtained a divorce and by
Up tf-rms all gifts made by her in favor
of her husband were declared void.
At the time of the marriage Morton,
being desirous that his daughter and
her husband should have an income
commensurate with their position in
French society, made in September.
I'X'l. just i.rior to the marriage, a deed
placing the Morton building In the
hands of the Morton Trust Company,
the income to be paid to the couple.
He now declares that by reason of the
dissolution of the marriage in French
courts the interest of the Duke in the
property here terminates. Morton
asks that the property be reconveyed
to him.
MURDER AND SUICIDE
MAY INVOLVE OTHERS
Doyle Will Contest in Ran Bernardino
May Bring: Forward New
Names.
SAN BERJfARDINO. March 6. —
The Coroner to-day found a package
of arsenic sewed in the underclothes
of M. F. Thomas, who committed sui
cide shortly after he was accused of
the murder of John X. Doyle, a her
mit. Doyle had made a will in which
all his property was left to Thomas.
The latter was a determined man and
killed a dangerous Mexican years ago
when a Deputy Sheriff, the Mexican
restating arrest and shooting Thomas'
companion.
His death may not be the last chap
ter in the tragedy, for interesting de
velopments are expected from the con
tfst over the will, which may involve
n number of men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 7, 1905.
fingers just itched to be at the keys.
His scholarship entitles him to a course
of study lasting three years under
Oscar Beringer, and that he may profit
to the full by it a subscription has
been opened among thr Welsh folk to
raise % fund for his support mean
while.
STRIKE BEGINS
IT EARLY HOUR
Employes of Elevated and
Subway Uoads in New
York Leave Their Cars
NEW YORK, Majch 7, 4 a. m.— At
five minutes to 4 o'clock this morning
the strike on the elevated and subway
lines of the Interborough Rapid Tran
sit Company began. A train which
reached the One Hundred and Fifty
fifth-street terminal of the West Side
elevated line at that hour was desert
ed by its entire crew.
Ticket choppers, agents and other
employes at the One Hundred and
Fifty-fifth-street station also went out.
Four a. m. was the hour set for of
ficially beginning the strike, and word
was passed to the men that work was
to be suspended as near as possible to
that time.
The men demand shorter hours.
ELLIOTT ANSW T ERS SUIT
CONCERNING OIL FIELDS
Kansas Attorney Files Document in
Action Brought by Commis
sioner Garfleld.
NEW YORK, March 6.— M. F. Elli
ott, attorney for the Prairie Oil and
Gas Company of Kansas, has presented
to Commissioner of Corporations James
R. Garfleld, at Washington, the first
answer of that company in regard to
the Kansas and Indian Territory oil
fields. The company asks of Commis
sioner Garfield the most full and
prompt investigation "possible at his
hands, feeling entirely sure, as Elliott
Eays, that "when their relations to the
oil producers of Kansas are fully laid
bare it will be seen that the latter have
been treated with the utmost fairness."
VETERAN THEATRICAL MAN
VICTIM OF APOPLEXY
A. M. Palmer la Stricken and It Is
Feared He Will Not
■ Recover.
NEW YORK, March 6.— A. M. Palm
er, the widely known theatrical man
ager, was unconscious in the J. Hood
Wright Hospital to-night and surgeons
fear he will not survive many hours.
He had been stricken by apoplexy while
on a train on the "L" road.
His identity was learned from his pa
pers and a message was sent to Mrs.
Palmer. She was soon in the hospital
accompanied by her son and Dr
George S. Knickerbocker, the family
physician. Palmer was unable to rec
ognize his relatives.
Accepts Call to Kansas.
SAN JOSE, March 6.— Rev. Thomas
S. Young, pastor of the Baptist Taber
nacle here for eight years tendered his
resignation, to accept a call to Topeka,
Kan. He has been for two years
president of the General Baptist con
vention of Northern and Central Cali
fornia.
Little Child Run Over.
Merritt Scbudardt, 3 years old, 1068
Howard street, was run down and seri
ously injured by a Howard-street car
about 5 o'clock last evening. The child
ran in front of the car near Sixth
street and was knocked down before
tlio motorrrian could apply the brakes.
Fortunately the wheels did not pass
over the baby. Dr. Stevens treated
the child for severe contusions and
possibly internal injuries.
Insurance Man Drops Dead.
John Craig, an insurance solicitor for
the Germania Life Insurance Com
pany, dropped dead at Taylor and
Market streets last night. Craig was
presumably a victim of heart failure.
He was 52 years of w age and leaves a
widow and family in Vancouver, B. C.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
Musical notes were used first in 1335;
printed, In 1602.
SULTAN CANNOT
ROB MISSIONS
Hay Tells Missionaries to
Refuse to Pay Tribute to
the Ruler or His Agents
ORDER IS FORWARDED
Church Workers Now Feel
That Government Is Keep
ing an Eye on the Turk
Bpeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
BOSTON, March 6.— lnstructions
have been sent to the American mis
sionaries in Turkey by Secretary Hay,
through the American Board of Mis
sions and other controlling bodies, not
to pay one cent in taxes or tribute to
the Sultan or his emissaries.
These instructions have been cabled
to every college and school maintained
by any missionary association, as well
as direction to resist any attempt at
extortion or oppression. Furthermore
they are to report at once to the Amer
ican Legation in Constantinople any
move by the Sultan's agents to apply
force to sequester missionary people
or close the institutions.
In the Presidents demands for more
ships and more men, the missionaries
feel that he has his eye on the out
rages upon the missionaries in Turkey.
Now that the official order has been
received from their headquarters here
and at the American Legation there
they are certain of it.
BUT LITTLE NOW LEFT
OF LARGE INHERITANCE
Preacher Accused of Obtaining Money
From Girl by Means of
Hypnotism.
ALBANY. Ore., March 6. — That
Rev. A. B. Hood and his wife em
ployed hypnotism and other undue
mental influences in inducing Miss
Mary B. Hardman to sell her property
and provide them with money so that
they were raised from poverty to com
parative luxury is the charge made
against the ex-Baptist preacher. The
case is now being tried in the Circuit
Court, the guardian of Miss Hardman
trying to recover the property.
When Miss Hardman's wealthy
father died she went to live with the
Hoods. Hood left his ministerial
labors and. it is alleged. Miss Hard
man settled all the bills. Finally she
sold and mortgaged her valuable
farming and timber land. Portland
friends brought about a medical ex
amination. She was pronounced
mentally weak and then taken away
from the Hoods. All that is left of
her large inheritance is one farm with
a $1200 mortgage on it.
"PAPER TRUST" DENIES
GOVERNMENTS CHARGES
Files an Answer to Suit Brought to
Determine If Trade Is Be
ing Stifled.
ST. PAUL, March 6.— Answers were
filed to-day by the defendants in the
case of the United States against the
General Paper Company et al., the
case being generally known as that
against the Paper Trust.
The General Paper Company and
twenty-three of the other defendants
filed a general answer; the Rhinelan
der Paper (Company filed a separate
answer and the Manufacturers' Paper
Company of New York filed a general
demurrer, denying that the complaint
showed that the United States was»en
titled to any relief from or against
this company. The general answer
made by the General Paper Company
and itq twenty-three co-defendants de
nies most of the allegations made by
the United States.
DAUGHTER OF CAPITALIST
MARRIED IN SAN JOSE
Miss Marie Fischer Becomes the Bride
of Walter J. West, a
Pharmacist.
SAN JOSE. March 6. — Miss Marie
Fischer and Walter J. West, both
popular young people of this city,
were married at noon to-day at St.
Joseph's Catholic Church. Rev.
Father Gleeson performed the cere
mony. Only immediate relatives were
present. A wedding breakfast fol
lowed.
The bride is the daughter of C. W.
Fischer, the well-known druggist and
capitalist. She is pretty, accom
plished and a general favorite in
social circles. Mr. West is a phar
macist and well known about the city.
Mr. and Mrs. West left this afternoon
to spend their honeymoon at various
California resorts.
HUGE GRAY RAT GNAWS
THE WRIST OF A BABY
Parents Arrive in Time to Drive the
Rodent From the
Cradle.
PORTLAND, March 6. — Screams
from their two-year-old babe last
night brought Mr. and Mrs. James J.
Burton, who live on East Taylor
street, to the child's cradle, and as
they entered the room they saw a
great gray rat leap from th§ child's
body and scurry away under the fam
ily bed. The infant's wrist had been
gnawed by the gaunt creature. The
arm and hand of the child, poisoned
by the rodent's teeth, soon swelled
and the services of a physician were
required. For a while it was feared
the wound would prove fatal, but to
day the baby is believed to be out of
danger.
COUNCIL BLUFFS FIRE
CAUSES LOSS OF $200,000
Union Elevator and 400,000 Bushels of
Corn Are Destroyed by
Fierce Flames.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, March 6.
The Union Elevator, belonging to
Whitely, about thirteen miles from
the Union Elevator Company, was
totally destroyed by fire to-night, to
gether with 400.000 bushels of grain,
mostly corn. Loss $200,000.
MOTHER AND THREE LITTLE
ONES ARE MURDERED
Husband of Woman Is Arrested and
Charged With Committing
Awful Deed.
DANVILLE, Ark., March 6. — A
quadruple murder was committed at
Danville, last night, the victims be
ing the wife and three children of
James Ince, a farmer in that locality.
Ince is suspected of the crime and is
in jail.
RAN GAMBLING MACHINES— Oscar
Br«ttzllle. who conducts a cigar stand at 75
Fifth street, was arrested last night for keep
ing a gambling place. Brettzllle Is accused
of operating a slot machine in the rear of hi*
place which pays money. John Cullen com
plained to the police of having lost |18 00
■without winning anything.
MR. ROOSEVELT
NAMES CABINET
Sends to Senate List of Men
Whose Aid in Directing
Government He Desires
MAKES FEW CHANGES
Cortelyou Is Made Post
master General in Place
of Eobert J. Wynne
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The spe
cial session of the Senate was opened
to-day by loud applause for Vice Pres
ident Fairbanks when he appeared in
the chamber to preside. He at once
rapped the Senate to order and prayer
was offered by Chaplain Hale.
The new Senators, Piles of Washing
ton, Bulkeley of Connecticut, Flint of
California, Nixon of Nevada, Burkett
of Nebiaska, Rayner of Maryland,
Carter of ■ Montana, Sutherland of
Utah and Hemenway of Indiana, were
warmly greeted by their colleagues in
the Senate.
In response to a resolution, Mr. Alli
son and Mr. Gorman were named as a
committee to notify the President that
the Senate was in session. and ready to
receive any communication he had to
offer.
A recess was taken until 1 p. m. At
the expiration of the recess the com
mittee reported ' that the President
would at once send a message.
At 1:05 p. m. Assistant Secretary
Barnes arrived from the White House
and at 1:06. on motion of 'Mr. Lodge,
the Senate went into executive session.
At 2:33 the Senate adjourned.
The President sent a' large number of
nominations' "to the Senate, including
all the members of the present Cabi
net except Postmaster G^eral Wynne.
George B. Corteljfou was nominated
for that office. *The nominations in
clude the names heretofore announced
as Embassadors and Senator Cockrell
as Interstate Commerce Commissioner.
They are as follows:
Members of the Cabinet— Jonn n«y. Dis
trict of Columbia, Secretary of State; Leslie
M. Shaw Jona. Secretary of the Treasury;
"William H. Taft. Ohio. Secretary of War;
"William H. Moody. .Massachusetts. Attorney
General: George B. Cortelyou, New York,
Postmaster General; Paul Morton. Illinois, Sec
retary of the Nayy 1 . Ethan A. Hitchcock. Mis
souri, Secretary of the Interior; James Wilson,
lowa, Secretary of Agriculture; Victor H. Met
calf. California. Secretary of Commerce and
Labor.
Embaseadors Extraordinary and Plenipo
tentiary— Whitelaw Reid. New York, to Great
Britain; Robert S. McCormick, Illinois, t(j
France; George V. L. Meypr, Massachusetts,
to Russia; Edwin H. Conger, lowa, to Mex
ico; Henry White. Rhode Island, to Italy.
Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Pleni
potentiary — William Woodville Rockhill, Dis
trict of Columbia, to China; David J. Hill,
New York, to The Netherlands; Henry Lane
Wilson, Washington. to Belgium; William
Miller Collier, New York, to Spain: Brutus J.
Clay. Kentucky, to Switzerland; Thomas J.
O'Brien. Michigan, to Denmark; Charles H.
Graves. Minnesota, to Sweden and Norway;
Edward C. O'Brien, New York, to Paraguay
and Uruguay; John K. Jackson. New Jersey,
to Greece and Montenegro, and diplomatic
agent in Bulgaria; John W. Riddle. Minne
sota, to Roumanla and Servla: Samuel R.
Gummere. New Jersey, to Morocco.
Solicitor of the Department of Commerce
and Labor — Edward Walter Sims, Illinois.
Attorney for the Northern District of, Cali
fornia — Robert T. Devlin, California.
District Judges — Joseph V. Quarles. eastern
district of Wisconsin; James "Wlckersham,
Alaska, division No. 3, district of Alaska.
< onsul Generals — Robert J. Wynne, Penn
sylvania, at Lundnn England; Frank H.
Mason, Ohio. at Paris, France; Alex H.
Thackara. Pennsylvania, at Berlin, Germany;
Hoffmann Phlllipe, at Tangier, Morocco;
Thomas Sammons, Washington, at Neu
chwang, China; Stanley Stoner, Missouri, at
Calcutta. India; Henry B. Miller, Oregon, at
Yokohama, Japan,: J. L. Inbroden. Ohio, at
Shanghai, China; George W. Roosevelt. Penn
sylvania, at Brussels. Belgium.
MAY HAVE BEEN KILLED
AND THROWN INTO SEA
Light Thrown on Mysterious Case of
Mrs. N. J. .Mil burn of
Los Anjreles.
LOS ANGELES. March 6.— The body
of the woman who was found upon
the beach at Ocean Park on February
26, and which was buried several days
later without identification, was ex
humed to-day and identified as that
of Mrs. N. J. Milburn of Los Angeles.
An autopsy to-night disclosed the fact
that the woman's neck was broken, and
it is the opinion of the authorities that
she was murdered and her body thrown
into the sea.
Mrs. Milburr was a real estate dealer
in this city. She went to Ocean Park
on February 23 to look at some real
estate she contemplated buying. It is
said by her relatives in this city that
she carried a considerable sum of
money, and they believe that to gain
possession of the money was the pur
pose of the supposed murder. It is
supposed that she was lured into a
vacant house and murdered, the body
being taken out and thrown into the
sea after nightfall. The fact that no
water was found In the lungs is proof,
it is claimed, that she was dead before
the body was cast into the sea. A
thorough investigation is being made
by the authorities.
SPOT ON SUN EXTENDS
HUNDRED THOUSAND MILES
Measurements Made by the Scientists
at Santa Clara Collesre
Observatory-
SAN JOSE, March 6.— The Santa
Clara College Observatory scientists
have taken the dimensions of the new
sun spot. Ud to date, figured on a
projection twenty-three centimeters in
diameter, the result shows a near ap
proach to 100,000 miles in length and
60.000 miles in breadth. Another mon
ster 60,000 by 40,000 is now past the
central meridian, finishing its third or
fourth rotation.
WILL APPOINT DELEGATES
FOR SEPTEMBER CONFERENCE
Interparliamentary Union for Promo-
tion of International Arbitration
to Meet at Brussels.
WASHINGTON, March 6. — At a
meeting of the members of Congress
belonging to the American group of
the Interparliamentary Union for the
promotion of international arbitration
to-day. Chairman Bartholdt was au
thorized to select and appoint dele
gates to the Burßßels conference of the
union to be held in September.
KILLS TWO MEXICANS
AND THEN SLAYS SELF
Former Sheep Ranch Employe Crazed
by Rage Runs Amuck in
El Paso.
EL PASO, March 6. — Harry Cor
son, a former employe on a sheep ranch
near Phoenix, A. T., shot two Mexi
cans while in a frenzy of anger to-day
and then killed himself.
Railroad Man Dies.
POTTSVIL.L.E, Pa., March 6.—Ro
land C. Luther, second vice president
of the Philadelphia and Reading road,
who as a mining engineer developed
silver mines in Nevada from 1875 to
IS B2, died to-night aged, 59 years.
Devlin Succeeds
Woodworth in
Federal Office
ROBERT DEVLIX WHO SUCCEEDS ]
MARSHALL, B WOODWORTH AS I
V. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento has
been anpointed by the President as
United States District 1 Attorney fer the
Northern District of California, vice
Marshall B. Woodworth, term expired.
Mr. Woodworth received the news of
his successor's appointment yesterday
afternoon with philosophical resigna
tion.
"I have been told by my friends," he
said, "that it is the best thing that
could have happened to me. I hope
that is so. I have made arrangements
to enter the practice of law on my
own account with Congressman Dun
can E. McKinlay. My long experience
in the Federal law and procedure will
stand me in good stead. I have re
ceived no advices as to when my suc
cessor will qualify, but I believe it will
be soon."
Roberta T. Devlin is a well-known
lawyer of Sacramento, whose practice
throughout the central and northern
regions of the State is prominent and
lucrative. The anti-Debris Association
and the Southern Pacific Company are
among his clients. He was born in
Sacramento, June 13,- 1859, and educat
ed in the public schools of that city.
He was appointed a member of the
State Board of Prison Directors in 1884.
and has since been reappointed: His
term of office as director expires Jan
uary 12, 1912.
It is gossip in political circles that
! he will resign from the Prison Board
and that Governor Pardee will be re
quested to name his successor at an
early day. The impression that Mr.
.Devlin cannot hold a State office and
a Federal office at the same time is not
clear. The constitution of California,
article 4, section 20. reads: "No person
holding any lucrative office under the
United States or any other power shall
be eligible to any civil office of profit
under this State."
The office of State Prison Director is
not an office of profit. The constitu
tion, article 10, section 4. declares that
"the members of the board shall re
ceive no compensation other than rea
sonable traveling and other expenses
incurred while engaged in the perfor
mance of official duties, to be audited
as the Legislature may direct."
Mr. Devlin was elected to the State
Senate from the Thirteenth Senatorial
District in 1900 and served for four
>ears in a manner highly acceptable to
his constituents. He is a member of
executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee and was
chosen chairman of the Republican
State C -nvention which met in Santa
Cruz on August 25, 1904, and nomi
nated Presidential electors and Con
gressmen.
Gossip says that Senator Perkins
was advised by his lieutenants in Cali
fornia that a man who keenly appre
ciated the force of political organiza
tion and who had displayed ability as
an organizer should be appointed to
the office of United States District At
torney. It is common opinion that the
Senator is looking after his own
fences. The report that Senator Flint
urged the appointment of Luther
Brown to succeed Mr. Woodworth
in not credited by the politi
cians of the inside circle. There is an
Impression that the junior Senator
yielded gracefully at the beginning to
the importunities of the senior on be
half of Mr. Devlin's appointment, but
this does not signify to the politicians
that Senator Flint has adopted a yield
ing policy. On the contrary it is as
serted that the Senator from Los An
geles will insist on a fair division of
the patronage.
Liquor Causes Insane Act.
Lillian Borgstron. a pretty 20-year
old stenographer, living at 918 Powell
street, ran amuck last night and at
tempted to kill her sister. The young
woman was removed by Policemen
Flynn and Amend to the Insane ward
at the Central Emergency Hospital.
The doctors think delirium tremens
would be a better diagnosis of Miss
Borgstron's case than insanity.
Boy's Skull Is Injured.
Morton Keyt, 6 yean old, living at
915 Jessie street, waa kicked by a horse
yesterday afternoon, at Tenth and
Market streets. He was coasting on a
wagon and ran into a horse standing
on the corner. He was treated by Dr.
Stevens for a lacerated scalp and pos
sible fracture of skull.
Think Mans Back Is Broken.
Autii Tursiarnes. a painter living at
322 Fremont street, fell from a scaf
folding yesterday while painting a
building at Golden Gate avenue and
Scott street. He sustained a severe
laceration of the back. The surgeons
at the Park Hospital believe that his
back is broken.
Young Girl Takes I.ysnl.
Mabel Herman, 20 years old. living
with her parents at 3618 Broderiek
street, took lyaol last night with sui
cidal intent. The Park ambulance was
summoned and Dr. "Wilson saved the
girl's life. Her parents can ascribe 119
cause for the rash dc.cd.
RUSSIAN STRIKE
AGAIN RESUMED
Men at the Putiloff, Oubouk
hoff and Several Other
Big Works Leave Shops
DISORDERS R ENEWE D
Excited Foreman Wounds a
Workman and Genen]
Riot Follows the Assault
ST. PETERSBURG. March 7. 3:40
a. m.— The strike was resumed this
morning at the Putiloff. Ouboukhoff
and several other works, and is new
extensive, though not general. At the
Ouboukhoff works, which are engaged
on naval contracts, the management
had warned the men of its Intention to
close entirely if they struck.
At Putiloff works Monday morning
one of the under foremen became ex
cited and drew a revolver, with n
he wounded one of the workmen. The
incident formed the basis of startlin*
stories of a general riot at the work 5 .
There have be»n renewals of the dis
orders in the Caucasus and especial'.y
at Kutals and Batoum. where there
has been rioting in which a number at
persona were killed or wounded. There
are 125,000 persons on strike in this re
gion.
POLICE CHIEF SLAIN.
District Official Killed While Dispenu
ing a Mob.
BYELOATOAK, Poland. March 6. —
District Chief of Police Jeletschin was
shot and killed to-day while attempt
ing to disperse a crowd of workman
who had met outside the town.
CAR DASHES INTO CAB
WITHOUT ANY WARNING
Harry Bowman, the Driver, Is Badly
Injured in Collision in Western
Addition.
A fatal collision was narrowly
averted early yesterday morning when
car No. 1320, of the Ellis street elec
tric line, dashed into a cab driven by
Harry Bowman. The collision
curred at the corner of Ellis and
Steiner streets, and the car, which
was going- at a high rate of speed,
ran into the vehicle without sounding
a warning bell. Bowman was knock
ed to the ground and suffered a frac
ture of the right forearm, besides in
ternal Injuries that may prove se
rious.
Bowman, one of the best known
cabbies Jn the city, started out with
John Lachman and Emil Pohli. Lach
man alighted at Larkin street, but
Pohli was going farther out. Both
Bowman and Pohli say they received
no warning from the gripman as the
car approached the cab. Pohli was
thrown to the ground, but luckily
escaped injury-. The horse ran away
in the mixup and no trace of it
had been discovered since. Frank
Blue, the motorman was arrested and
charged with battery. Bowman
treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital and later removed to the
German Hospital.
Boating Men Return Home.
Herbert Swetland of the Dolphin
Boating Club left the boathouae with
a friend on Sunday to take a row on
the bay. They failed to return that
night for their clothes, which they had
left at the boathouse, and causeii
their relatives and friends mu<?h
worry. They returned home yester
day. The two men had rowed across
to Sausalito. where they met a party
of friends and retired to a near by re
sort. As darkness set in the men con
cluded to spend the night at Sausalito
and return the next day.
Is a Happy Lunatic.
Stephen Magas is the happiest
lunatic that ever wandered into the
detention ward at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. He imagines that th*
city owes him $25,000 and he thinks
he will be paid. Probably it is the
belief that he can cash on this rtf*nt
that causes the authorities to hold him
Stephen saya he Is certain to get tlv>
money in a few days and will go back
to Venice and spend the rest of hia life
on a gondola.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3Trederiri)o
March Sale
Presents an opportunity ,
; to procure the finest ;
quality of \
Lace Curtains
From the heavy Not-
tingham makes at $1.50
a pair to the finest hand- =
made Arabians at $(50 ;'
per pair.
For the next five days :
every curtain in the
house will be sold \at
' 25% Redaction
■ ./' ■
Curtaias bought during the * sal*
hung free
' Purchasers selecting now from
our sample line of Imported
Hand-made . Arabian Point
Curtains will be accorded 25
.""- per cent reduction when Cur-
/. tains arrive . ./• • •• ♦.♦ j
""•|_l__J" ' ' " '
Sale Ends March 10th
' Jos^edericks & (| •
3*:SOELUSST.^KSSt
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OAKLAND REVIVAL CROWDS MANY CHURCHES
Great Meetings Listen to Severaf Eloquent Evangefists
OAKLAND, March 6:— The first of j
the week-day meetings of ' the great
evangelistic revival that ha 3 begun in |
Oakland took place to-night. In every |
case the churches were full, but few!
seats -being unoccupied, and while: th- j
attendance -was not so large as on
Sunday evening, It was far larger than
many believed that a Monday night i
meeting could b*» made in this" city. 1
Much enthusiasm is shown- by the i
■workers and it is expected that - th- >
attendance will grow as the week be- t
come* older, until the success that j
has followed thfese evangelists west- .
ward from London, England, will at- ;
tend them in Oakland. In every case
it has bf en found that the interest j
increased as the meetings continued. ,
As on Sunday, meetings were held in
five sxeat c«?nters,'and so they will con
tinue throughout the weeK. Central j
Oakland has two big " tings every ,
evening, one in the First Congrega- j
tional Church and the other at the ;
First Presbyterian Church. The West ,
Oakland meetings take place at the J
Chester Street ilethodist Church, and j
there are two meetings in East Oak- )
land, one at the Eighth Avenue Metho- i
di£t Church and the other at the Twen
ty-third Avenue Baptist Church. All
through the week these- meetings will !
be in charge of thpse named below:
Firvt Congregational — Jl "Wilbur ,
Chapman; evan gel i.«t;- Fred Butler, so- j
ioifi; Charles Allen, chorister.
!i- -Henry Ostroni.
John P. Hillis, soloist and
Twenty-third Avenue Baptist, East
Oakl&nd — H. W. Stough, evangelist;
W. H. Collisson. soloist and chorißter.
llefHodißf — R. A.
I ' F. Pugh, soloist
Chester Slreet Methodist Episcopal
— John H. Elliott, evangelist; Charles
E. Rykert. soloist and. chorister.
H. \V. Stough. who is to conduct the
services at the Twenty-third Avenue
Baptist Church, has not yet arrived in
Oakland, but is expected to-morrow.
J. A. Thompson, one of the evangelists,
took his place this evening and
preached to an excellent congrega
tion.
At the First Congregationaal
Church to-night Rev. J. Wilbur Chap
man addressed a large audience. Fr"eQ
Butler, soloist, sang; In the course of
his remarks Dr. Chapman said:
As was the leppr who met Christ when he
came down from the mountain*, so are those
of you who have not joined the church. BM
the barrier imposed by law that he must keep
his moath covered restrain the leper from
making his appeal for help and 1 salvation?
No' He asked tor help ana received it. Come,
all of you, before it It* too late; come to Christ
and receive his blessing?. Let no barrier keep
you back now the time is fit.
Do not put eff repentance too Ions: come
row. We. the ministers of Christ, are here to
h*lj. you. I »re men in this rath-ring with
j tears in their eyes. -That is not enough. Oth
ers are down on their knees In prayer. That
is not enough. To mm and to pray are the
l:rst steps; hasten to that last and glorious
of all, to embrace the faith of Christ.
OSTKOMS ADDRESS.
Rev. Henry Ostrom had charge of the
services at the First Presbyterian
<"hurch, assisted by John P. Hillis as
the soloist. Mr. Ostrom chose for his
The Broad Religion," and in the
course of his sermon said:
Xot broader but higher is the watchword Of
tb* twentieth century. Why not a liberaliet
In religion* Everywhere In the Bible man is
represented as great except when in contrast
■with Jesus. Then he Is meaner than a pigmy.
Man is a great creature. So great is man that
h£ can become as pure as driven mow or low
«• than a beast. So great is man. that the
possibility of his greatness is not always man
ifest and when it becomes manifest it is as
tonishing. So great is man that he is called
not the cabin, not the adobe hut, but the
temple of th* Holy Ghent. Man is no trifling
commodity. lie is Ilk* unto a continent with
tall peaks and soft valleys with rivers and
lakes, with harbors and coast line*. One man
Is worth the whole world.
Do away with the contrast" with God and
man and man goes so high up that he is al
xnoft a god. Yet man is a great sinner as
well. I believe in the depravity of man. The
•scriptures tell us we are born in Bin. Even
the little child needs constant watching and
frrea* cautioning. Take the babe from the
be« family in California, put him by himself
and he will become lower than a heathen
Man is an alien from God. He will walk
the streets for twelve hours and will not think
of his Creator. 1 don like to assail the*
'■Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of
Man theory." but it is an overdrawn expres
sion. The fatherhood of God only comes to
him who joins God's great family and himself
becomes a son or a daughter. The brotherhood
of man exists only when man accepts Jesus
Christ, the son of God. Man knows that he
is gu.ity. Who would not rather be a guilty
man than an innocent idiot? If they tell you
there is good In evpry man, that you sin In
Ignorance and that because you d..' not know
any better you will be forgiven, they tell you
John H. Elliott has been conducting
the services for the West Oakland
district at the Chester Street Methodist
Episcopal Church, with' Charles E.
Rvkert as his singing companion. He
rpoke this evening from the topic
Sympathy for Sours," saying: in part:
How little sympathy there la In the world.
11, , L ' row ' cynical sour or peMl
inistic When they Bee the common custom
o' forgettulnesF and the habit of ijrnori»« th*
VI of otl "7 - Thr- tnflrnv man' at the pool
in the time of -<>' Illustrates how ea?? His
to d«palr of help or sympathy from the world
The man In the text said "I looked nn ~t
light hand and no man regards «f n ° ml£
cared for my soul." Alas! That My in This
community should point the finger « you and
hv that. •
Rut why not care for your own soul' God
cares. Je*u, Chr.st caws. Good men and
women care. Why not car* yourself? v™
care for. health, wealth and other tbinW— »£S
not this? Tou care for property but "How
much better is a man than a sheep?" "aid
WALTON IN' FAST OAKLAND.
Rev. R. A. Walton has the services
in East Oakland at the Eighth Avenue
Methodist Episcopal Church, with O
F. Pugh as his singing companion He
spoke to-night upon the topic, "The
m SCOTTE EMULSION.
SCOTT'S EMULSION
We don't put Scott's Emul-
sioo in the class of advertised
'cure-alls ; *it doesn't belong
there. We hardly Hfce to use
the word "cure" at all, but' we
are bound to say tkat it can be
used for a great many troubles
with great satisfaction. Its
special function is to repair
the waste of the body when
the ordinary food does not
notirish, and this means that
it is useful in many cases
which are indicated by wast-
ing.
Wr'll send jo* m aas»fde free.
KOTT 4 BQWXipip taxi am*. 8« ¥«*.
ELOQUENT EASTERN' EVANGELIST WHO WAS ONE OF" THE SPEAKERS AT
THE OREAT REVIVAL MKKTING HELD LAST NIGHT AT THE CHES
TER-STREET METHODIST BPIS< OPAL CHL'HCH IN OAKLAND
blood of Jesus Christ, his Son, cleans
eth us from all sin."
The general theme of the discourse
was, "Does salvation destroy the ap
petites and passions for gambling, for
drink, for swearing, as well as the
many intellectual ■ difficulties with
which a great many men are
swamped?" In answering this he told
a story about Mr. Moody:
"Whllt Moody was preaching in an Illinois
town during the earlier days of his career a
man drove up In his carriage and listened be
tween the puffs of his cigar to the exhortation
of the young evangelist. Mr. Moody Inquired
who he was. He was told that his name wa*
Palmer, that he was the wealthiest man in
the county, owning almost one-third of the
real estate In the town, besides large tracts of
county land, but a man so given to the habit
of swearing that his wife and daughters were
aahamed to go out with him. Mr. Moody said.
"I will go out and see him." and. notwith
standing the warning that ho would get noth
ing but a volume of oaths, the next morning
quite early found him at the front door of
the rich man's houte.
Mr. Palmer, seated on h!s porch, greeted Mr.
Moody with the question. "What do you
want?" "I wieh to see Mr. PaJmer," he re
plied. "Thafß my name; what have you
com* for?" Mr. Moody repßed that he had
heard that Mr. Palmer was the richest man
In th« county, that God had given him friends
and Inftuence. had given him a wife and two
lovely daughters, but that all he had ever re
turned to God for his goodness had been- oaths
and curses, "Is it »o?" he asked.
It was not Ion; before Mr. Moody was tn
rlted in to pray with th« swearer. In the
afternoon service of that day Mr. Palmer made,
an open confession ot his faith In Christ and
begßwi his fellow-ctttzens to forgive him for
the life he had led. Six years after thla time
Mr. Moody met Mr. Palmer In California. His
first question waa, "Palmer how about the
swearing?" "I haven't swore since, sir; God
filled me with something better," he replied.
There will be a special meeting in
the West Oakland railroad yards at
noon time to-morrow, to be addressed
by Rev. Dwlght E. Potter, Rev. H. H.
Gribben and Rev. J. C. Bolster.
WILL PERFECT PLAXS
FOR MAT DAY FETE
Delegates From Interested Organiza-
tions to Meet In Kbell Hall
This Evening.
OAKLAND, March 6. — The dele
gates appointed by the charitable and
civic organizations of Oakland to ar
range for a May fete and floral
parade will meet at Ebell Hall to-mor
row evening, when the temporary
committee in charge of preliminary
work will make a report of what ha*
already been done, and will present a
plan for the formation " of a perma
nent organization to manage the fete.
Th«re is some opiKraition to the use
of the race track for the review of
the floral parade. At the meeting of
the Board of Trade last night the Rev.
C. T. Walkley protested against thtfl
plan. He was advised that the board
was not in control of the plan, and
that protests should be made at the
meeting to-morrow night.
A nueer WiU Case.
OAKLAND, March 6.—Notwithstand
that she was disinherited by her hus
band's will. Elizabeth Williams was
granted apa month allowance from
the estate until Us final close, and it
is expected that this will very nearly
eat up all of the property. Aaron died
and left $4750 worth of property to the
Rev. James Campbell "to spend for
the Lord." His wife and two sons, he
said, did not need it. as they were well
provided for. By the law the widow,
however, has a right to a family allow
ance, and as the estate is involved and
Mill take a long time to close the at
torneys say "the Lord's share will be
Slftftll."
ARBOR DAT IN. ALAMEDA ._ Aiaineda,
March 6— Arbor day will be observed In this
city by th« public school children to-morrow,
the birthday of Luther Burbank, the horticul
tural wizard. Ladies rom ' the civic section
of the AdHphlan Club will assist In the pro
grammes at the several school grounds. -At
the Alameda High School ground* the address
will be delivered by : the Rev. Charles • R.
Brown of Oakland. A mountain ash ■ and ■ a
bed of Shasta daisies. th« latter a creation of
Burbaak, will t* planted at each of the school
PHhE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 7. 1905.
OAKLAND'S ART
EXHIBIT OPENS
AS A SUCCESS
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND. March t>. — As a social function
the opening reception of the Starr King art
exhibit Saturday night was a great success.
Maple Hall wa* even uncomfortably crowded
and artists and art lovers were unanimous In
praiee of the display. As usual the monotony
of picture gazing was varied by music. Miss
Ruth Waterman, contralto, and Miss Winifred
June Xc*C« U, violinist, contributing several
delightful numbers.
The large number of canvases and the lack
of apace in which to hang them have necessi
tated placing many of the pictures too low to
receive meriwxl recognition, but on the whole
the exhibit Is well arranged. But the need of
a properly arranged hall, large enough for
the«e annual art exhibits, is more evident
than ever. I hear that F. C. Havens has al
ready given a lot and will buiM a gallery for
the city, but as the lot is in Piedmont it would
probably share the fate of the Home Club,
which is too afar away from business centers
ever to be popular as an auditorium.
Notwithstanding the fact that the display
of work by San Francisco artists Is conspicu
ous, exhibitor*; from this side the bay are hold-
Ing thrir own very well. The one beautiful
canvas stnt in by Keith has already been
sold, the Harmon Bells being the purchasers,
I believe. C. P. NeiUon Is showing some ex
cellent work and some fine bits by Miss Annie
Frances Brings. John M. Gamble, H. D.
Gremke, Oscar Kunath, Sidney Yard De Neale
Morgan, Mrs. D. W. Gelwlcks, Mrs. Fancher
Pettis, EJa St. John Smitten, Augusta Label,
Mary Herrick Ross, Louise Carpenter and
Stella Trask have attracted much favorable
comment. A recent acquisition to California
art circles Is Gordon Coutta. The half dosen
or more canvass that h" Is showing certainly
entitle him to rank with the best.
Harry W. Seawell's work has also been the
subject of favorable criticism and Willis E
Daris is .exhibiting several delightful land
scapes. Other exhibitors whose work is at
tracting attention are: Kugen Neuhaus
G. Cadena*so, Joseph Greenbauna, Chapel Jud
son, MutK'o Sandona, H^nry Raschen and
Mary Curtl* Richardson.
The photographic display \g unusually artis
tic, the studios by Mrs. Brlgman and Mrs.
ArmtK being especially so. The art exhibit
will continue all this week, closing Friday
evening.
Mrs. William E. Mllwain Is presld-ent of
the board of troatees for the Oakland Art
Fund of the Starr King Fraternity and the
other officers are: Secretary, Miss Addle
Gorriil; trfaxurer. Mm. E. A. Khieg^l; Mrs.
W. E. Hharon, Mt«s Elizabeth Gray and Miss
B«e B. Clawson.
The marriage of Miss Sophie Engelhardt and
J.ihn Melville Willard was solemnizod yester
day afternoon at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. K. W. Engelhardt, In
l>inda VlFta. The- wedding was 4 quiet af
fair. Mis* Mary Engrelhardt being her sister's
maid o' honor, and Dorothy Willard and Adele
Engelhardt flower girls. Fred BJ. Bixby was
the grc-om's b*-st man and R*v. J. K. McLean
read the nurtial service.
Mr. and Mrs. Wtllard will reside In Los
Angeles, where he is In business.
I nhappily Wetfded.
OAKLAND, March 6. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Agnes
Schluter against Henry Schluter, an
employe of the Union machine shop,
on a charge of cruelty. She says that
he has transferred his affections to
Marie Fox and caused her much suf
fer! n£. A final decree of divorce was
granted ftliza Burns from H. R. Burns
on the ground of desertion, and one
to Phebe W. Clay from Herbert H.
Clay for the same reason, interlocu
tory decrees were granted to Saman
tha E. Dusenbury from Frank Dusen
bury for neglect and intemperance,
and to Charlotte E. Robinson from
Peter J. Robinson for cruelty.
Llvcrmore Rancher Killed.
OAKI*AND. March «. — J. G. Calla
han, a well-to-do sheep rancher, ts
dead at hfa home near Livermore. the
result of Injuries sustained yesterday
afternoon when he was crushed be
neath his overturned wagoir. Calla*
nan's team was upset on the Tesia
road while he was driving from Liver
more with a load of supplies. Calla
han was 72 years old, a native of Ire
land. He had been in the Livermore
Valley for thirty-eight years. Hla
wife and five children «urvlve.
WHEELER HOUSE
AS A HOSPITAL
President Seems to Approve
Plan to Make Mansion
a Kesort for the Sick
SENDS WALSH A LETTEE
Communication of Health
Officer of Berkeley Is
Sent to the Legislature
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, March 6.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler has
informally approved of the plan to
make a university hospital of the un
finished mansion built for his use by
the regents, but never occupied by
him. The president has forwarded to
Assemblyman "Philip M. Walsh of Oak
land, now at Sacramento, a letter sent
to Wheeler by Dr. Reinhardt, univer
sity physician and aLfo health officer
of Berkeley, in which Dr. Reinhardt
shows how the mansion that was to
be President Wheeler's could be fitted
up for hospital purposes and made self
supporting.
Dr. Reinhardt takes into considera
tion the fact th»t the Legislature has
agreed to appropriate $1&,000 with
which to complete the big stone house
on the hill. The money could well
be spent, Dr. Reinhardt says, in mak
ing the building a first-class hospital.
There are 3000 persons in and about the
university, the physician argues, Who
would be eligible to admission to the
place when ill, and an annual fee from
them of $2 each would provide $6000,
or sufficient to support the institution,
with private contributions that might
be made. There is now in the regents'
hands, it is said, several thousands of
dollars that might be used for this
hospital project. The money referred
to reDresents property once owned by
the Berkeley Hospital Association, a
university adjunct that sought to es
tablish a hospital in Berkeley.
The project failed because of the op
position of property owners who ob
jected to locating the proposed hos
pital near their residences. The prop
erty of the association was then sold
and the proceeds were given, to the
regents with the understanding that
they would be applied to the securing
of beds in hospital for sick students .
It is said that President Wheeler
would favor using the uncompleted
mansion on the hill as his own resi
dence instead of for a hospital if the
regents would agree to give him, in his
new mansion, the money now paid for
the rental of his nresent home. This,
however, the regents have shown no
signs of • desiring to do, and accord
ingly the hospital project is expected to
prove the final solution of the problem
presented by the "white elephant" in
the shape of the big stone house.
DESPONDENT WIDOW
ENDS HER OWN" LIFE
While Seated In a Chair She Slowly
Suffocates to Death by the
Use of Gas.
OAKLAND, March 6.— Mrs. Mary
E. Putney, 54 years old, a widow,
committed suicide to-day at 551
Franklin street, where for eighteen
years she had resided as housekeeper
for James Vignier, a hotel man at
that place. Her body was found rest
ing in a chair in her room. From a
gas stove Mrs. Putney had run a rub
ber to her mouth, inhaling the deadly
iluid until death ensued. The odor of
the escaping gas attracted attention.
No explanation was made by any of
the woman's friends as to the cause
of suicide, except that she had been
despondent of late. She left no mes
sage.
Mrs. Putney was a native of San
Jose. She leaves a brother named
O'Brien, a resident of that city. The
Coroner took charge of the case.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
STEALS WARDROBE.— March 6.
KJna Bennett, residing at 715 Clay street, has
complained to the - police that a thief stole
$30 worth of clothing from her room la*t night.
BOY'S LEG BROKEN.— March «.
.J. Ash. ! a boy, residing 'at 418 Fifth ' street,
suffered a fracture of his leg this afternoon
by b'injr run over by a laundry wagon. He
was taken home. 3gOS&StZ§&
'■'* BAKERS GIVE SUCCESSFUL BALL.—
Oakland, March 6.— Bakers' Union No. 11&,
gave a ball Saturday night at Loring Hall.
There was a good at tendance and ■ during the
evening addresses were made by a number of.
candidates for municipal offices. Among: the
speakers were . Frank K. Mott and Abe P.
■ Leach. ■;,.: j. . _, v ' ■ --.y.' ■■. '■■ '. ■ . " '
, THEATRICAL MANAGER DlES— Oakland,
March 8. — Joseph M. .J. « Kane, a well-known '
theatrical manager of this ' city, ■ died 'on March
8, at Si. Mary's Hospital in Tuscan, Arizona.
He was taken sick while on his i way to San
Francisco. His mother and sister live In Oak-,
land. The body will be forwarded here for
Interment. . . ;. .-.". V f ,
REV. A. MITCHELL LAID AT REST.—
Oakland. March 0. — The funeral of the late
Rev. Alexander Mitchell was held yesterday
afternoon from the residence of his daughter,
Mrs. Raymond, M 5 Sixteenth street. The fu
neral setvlces were conducted by J. M<-In
tyre and D. Cameron. The body was interred
in Mountain View Cemetery.
FORM ALUMNAE ASSOCIATION.—Oak
land, March C. — The graduates of Snell Sem
nlary last Saturday afternoon formed the Snell
Seminary Alumnae Association and elected the
following officers for the first year: President,
Mrs. Walter Henry; vice presidents, Mrs. N.
H. Bullock and Mrs. E. F. Gerald; secretary,
Miss Margaret 3; Smith; treasurer, Mrs. S.
Livingstone.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. — Oakland, March 8.
The following marriage Ucen««* were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Brail E. McCartney,
22, and Edith Knox. IS), both of Ban Franclßco;
Antonio Spanacmanty, 24, and Mary Rossi, 24,
both of Crockett; Harry V. Johnston, over 21,
and Marietta Pananiore, over 18, both of
Berkeley; Joseph Panel la. 29, and Susie Pao-
Uno, over 21, both of Oakland.
KOEHN CASE CONTINUED. — Oakland,
March 0. — Mrs. Lena Koehn, charged with the
murder of her husband, Edward Koehn, con
sented this morrine to a continuance of her
preliminary examination before Polioe Judg-e
George Samuels. The hearing was postponed
to March 17. at request of Attorney A. L.
Frick, who repn-sents Mrs. Koehn. Mrs. Kooha
Insists the shootinc was In self-defense.
APPOINTS DEPUTIES.— OakIand, March 6.
The | following: field: deputies ! were appointed by
Assessor Henry >. P. *Da I ton * to-day to ; begin . the
outside assessments: H. E. .' Harwood, Henry
C. Dexter, H. H. Miller, T. E. Stoddarfl, A.
J. Blalkle. D. i D. McLaren, William P. . Rigney
W. J. McDoi.ald. - George H. Westlake, T. D. ;
Wllherly, John. W. McCoy, T. F. Murphy, F.
M. ' Shay. " Martin : McDonald, i P. J. Nicholas;
Harry , Nolan. iN. (1. ; Stuftevant, W. N. Van
de Mark, Andrew ■N. Al'tken. . - .
Teeth Pictures.
The growing fad of having tne teetb
to show Jh photographs is destructive
to art and a spoliation of whatever of
beauty may be in a woman's face.
The smile that won't come off is ex
ceedingly tiresome. Pretty teeth are
pitifully rare, and sweet smiles are
rarer. Even men are having their pic
tures taken with grins on. They look
like ninnies. Shut your mouths before
the camera, you simpletons of both
sexes, and don't give yourselves away.
—New York Globe.
FACTORY SHE
IS PURCHASED
Magnesite Company Closes
Deal for Thirty Acres of
Best Water Front Property
BIG PLANS .PROJECTED
Three Plants to Be Erecte»i
in East Oakland, Giving
Employment to Many Men
Oakland Ofliee San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, March 6.
The American Magnesite Company,
which owns the famous Red Mountain
mines south of Livermore, has closed
its deal for a large aeciion of water
front in Oakland and will at once be
gin constructing its manufacturing
plants. The company has bought
nearly thirty acres of water front in
East Oakland on what is known as
Sessions Basin. This water front prop
erty was owned by J. L. da Fremery,
who is In the East, and the deal was
concluded through E. P. Vandercook,
his agent on this coast.
The property has a long frontage
upon the East Oakland basin, and is
directly on the line of the new work
that is being outlined by the Federal
Government and for which the last
Congress has appropriated $250,000.
There is ample area for the different
plants that will be erected by the
Magnesite Company for the handling
of their ore. One plant will be for
the manufacture of fire brick, an
other for the manufacture of a patent
building material, a third for the
manufacture of carbonic acid gas, and
in addition there will be wharves and
bunkers for the shipping of their ore
to Eastern and foreign ports in bulk.
The deal will mean the employment
of many men in Oakland, and many
more In the Livermore district, from
which point ttys ore will be shipped to
Oakland.
The Board of Supervisors haa
undertaken to build a good rottd from
Livermore to the mines, and a con
tract for the work was let some
months ago. Harry N. Morse con
tested the legality of the award be
fore Judge Sloss of San Francisco and
the Supervisors were to-day notified
that the proceedings were illegal. The
board has already started nefr work,
and Road Overseer Dave McDonald of
Livermore has now the petitions in
proper shape and at the next meeting
of the board bids will be advertised
for.
ARREST CHARGED
TO SPITE WORK
Woman Sues Neighbor for
Causing Her to Be Tried
for Mental Ud soundness
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, March 6.
As a result of a neighborhood quar
rel at Melrose Mrs. Laura Stickney to
day began suit for $10,000 damages
against J. P. Brevoort for causing her
arrest on a charge of insanity. She
says she was subjected to the humilia
tion of arrest and kept in confinement
for twenty-four hours at the Receiv
ing Hospital.
The arrest took place Just a year ago,
but since then the ill feeling has been
kept alive, according to her. by neigh
borhood gossip and attempts to poison
her chickens. Now she intends to take
steps that she believes will gain her a
hearing. At the time her examination
took place Judge Melvtn commented
strongly on Brevoort's action ha caus
ing her arrest upon such a charge.
EARLIEST APPEARANCE
OF RAILROAD TIME TABLES
The Guides of Early Days Now Re-
garded as Rare and
Costly Relics.
It is Just sixty-five years ago since
George Bradshaw, the Quaker engraver
mapmaker of* Manchester, England,
was first inspired to publish his "Time
Table." It was a tiny pamphlet bound
in green cloth, and was nothing more
than a collection of the monthly time
tables issued by the seven railway
companies then in existence in Eng
land. Of thiß volume there are now
only four copies in existence, but they
are worth their weight in gold.
So- encouraged was Bradshaw by the
success of this time table that in 1840
he published his "Railway Companion,"
a volume of thirty-eight pages with
maps which sold at a shilling. These
early guides were published rather Ir
regularly because of the difficulty of
learning the change? in times from the
railway authorities. They resented
Bradshaw's interference and put every
obstacle in the way of his obtaining in
formation. At last, through the
Quaker's perseverance, they finally
agreed to adjust their time tables by
the beginning of the month. There
after it was smooth sailing. The guide
continued to grow and prosper and to
make itself a necessity.
These early railway guides make in
teresting reading. The trains are de
scribed as first-class, second-class,
mixed, fast and mail. Third-cliss
travelers had the choice of sitting on
the roofs or in open wagons resembling
cattle trucks. Gentlemen riding in
thejr own carriages were charged
second-class fare. Baggage was car
ried on the roof, and passengers who
sat there were cautioned to wear their
overcoats #nd provide themselves with
gauze spectacles. Pirst-«lass fare be
tween London aad Birmingham was
r.early double what it is to-day, and an
annual subscription ticket from London
to Brighton and back coat $500.—Chi
cago Chronicle.
Force of Great Waves.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— Recent exper
iments made at the Bell Rock and
Skerryvore lighthouses on the Scottish
Coast have shown that while the force
of breakers in the German Ocean may
be taken as about a ton and a half on
every square foot of surface, Atlantic
breakers fall with a weight of about
three tons to the square foot. In No
vember, IS2+, during a heavy gale,
huge blocks of granite and limestone
were washed about like pebbles at the
Plymouth breakwater, carried 306 fee*
up its inclined plane and scattered be
yond it in all directions. One of the
| blocks weighed nearly two tons.
INDORSES BILL
AGAINST TRACK
City Council Commends the
Endeavors of Espey to
Stop Gambling on Kaces
SWEEPING BESOLUTIOXS
One Member Declares That
the Influence of
Sport Demoralises Boys
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, March «.
By a vote of 9 to 2, the City Council
to-night adopted a resolution com
mending Assemblyman Esp*ys ami
race track gambling bill, and urging
the Senate to pass the measure, the
bill having already passed the. Assem
bly. The resolution, which was intro
duced by Councilman Pendleton. fol
lows:
"Whereas, Assembly bill 280, intro
duced by R. H. E. Espey of this city,
the purpose of which is to prohibit pool
selling, bookmaking and other forms of
gambling on horse racinsr is now be
fore the State Senate, and
'Whereas, we, the City Council of the
city of Oakland, do recognize the per
nicious influence of the race track and
its attendant evils, and
"Whereas, we believe that much of
the crime committed within our bor
ders is directly attributable to the in
ftuence of the race track. Therefore
be it
"Resolved, That we do highly com
mend the act of Mr. R. H. E. E»p?y
in introducing and successfully promot
ing the said bill in the Assembly and
we u*ge the Senators representing this
county and all the members of the Sen
ate to do everything possible to secure
the passage of this bill at the present
session of the Legislature."
Councilmen Fitzgerald and Baccus
voted against the resolution. Fitzger
ald declared it uncalled for and out of
place. Councilman Elliott declared he
faVored the resolution, not because he
opposed* racing as a sport for
men, but he added, "The race track is
stuck under our noses, and it is a place
where boys from 14 to 21 years of age
can swagger about with a cigarette in
their mouths and gamble away the %2
it has taken some of them a week to
earn."
ADOPTS OLD
WATER RATES
Oakland's Council of the
Opinion That Conditions
Do Not Warrant Change
OAKLAND, March 6.— The City
Council to-night re-enacted the water
rates of lar-t year for the coming fiscal
year. This schedule is from 25 to 30
per cent under the rates that are be
ing collected by the Contra Costa
Water Company at present, an injunc
tion bein« in force against the 1904
schedule. President Dornia, in pre
senting- the report on the rates sched
ule from the committee of the whole,
said:
"The company's statements show a
material increase during the year on
all the revenue-Droctucing fixtures ex
cept the sale of water by meter. It ia
therefore apparent that the application
of the rates fixed by the Council last
year would result, in a large measure,
in a large Increase in the company's
revenue over that contemplated by the
schedule.
"The committee therefore discussed
carefully the propriety of reducing the
hydrant rate, but finally concluded that
it would be ill-advised to complicate
the last injunction case by having an
other schedule introduced this year.
However, your committee firmly be
lieves and reiterates its views of last
year, that the values and rates estab
lished last year are liberal and more
than fair and just to the company."
Dornin, for the committee, submitted
a comparison of Oalcrand and San
Francisco rates and concluded:
"All these show plainly that the
rates fixed by this Council in 1904, al
though some 30 per cent below the
rates under which the water company
is now operating, are still far in ex
cess of the San Francisco rates."
ELOPING WIFE
GETS HIS CASH
9
Mrs. John Deniz Deserts Hus
band for Another, Taking
Bankbook. and One Child
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, March 9.
With his wife gone with . another
man, ; taking with her her infant child
and $600 of her husband's money,
John M. Deniz of Atvarado asked the
courts for an injunction to-day against
the Union Savings Bank to prevent its
paying:, out $619 Si ;he has on deposit
th ere :in case : his wife presents the
bankbook : for payment. The husband
and wife had money deposited ' both in
the Union Savings Bank and in the Al
varado Bank : to their joint account.
When the wife left ■ she j went to the
Alyarado Bank '„ and drew out the de
posit. Fearing she might do the same
▼r'Uh'the account hi the bank here; he
baa stopped the payment of the
money. .
Denia says that a few days 'ago his
wife went away with Manuel Machado
and took x with her their 17-month
oul baby, and . the , bankbook; They
have : three children. Th« : two older
ones . she left ; with him. He . does not
know where ' his 1 wife*- has gone,' but to
meke sure she' will get no more of his
. money Ihe * will enjoin the bank « from
paying;; it until he can withdraw it
himself.
An Irish-American who returned to
Dublin lately after an absence of
twenty-five years settled for two
months' rent he owed when he emi
grated to America. He also paid sev
eral tradesmen's bills that he had left
unpaid on that occasion.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE TALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OATtEANI>.
101 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
Berkeley;
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11. .
ALAMEDA.
. 1433 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
MONDAY MARCH 9. .
\ L C. and Clara B. Lewis and M. 5* « - •■»
Emm» G. Alb«e to Lewis C. Morebous«. E
168.70 feet of block 16, plat of North Alameda
Tract, formerly Valtlex & Glascodc Tract re
corded March 4. 10«5>. Brooklyn Township r •*>•
A. F. ana J. Hendry (huat»UMl> to Kat»
Abel, lot en E. lino of Kennedy street. >• a
of Frederick. .-: SO by. B ISS lots 42' and *U,
Camclen Twenty- third Avenue Tract. East
Oakland; also lot on BE corni** of Twenty
. first and Filbert street. S- K>. E 75. N to •■*
lin^ of Twenty- flrst *treet. VT to beginning,
being all property owned- by grantors tnblocic
514.. John* Tract, recorded Mareti i, 1805), Oak
land. HO.
John L. Jensen (single) to H. F. CUrraj?*
(.single), lot on 9 line of Thirty-second street.
78:;* B of Magnolia. 2 90 by 3 ion. portion ot
lot 6, block F. land* of I'eral ta Homestead As
sociation. Oakland; $11).
Richard J. Montgomery (alngle> to Richard
E. Queen, undivided half of lot on X line of
Forty-»«e©nd street. 34*33 E of 'J»©v«. E 4O
to point dUtant .UK W from B line or lot 12.
N, 106. W *t>. 3 106 to beginning; portion of
lota 12 and 11. block ;wi. Central Oakland
Tract. Oakland; ?10.
Heinrlch Topper to Hauia L. Topfar (wife),
lot on E Una of S:hlller street. 57:S 3 of Rail
road avenue. 3 jo by B 10S. block 31, Stewart
Tract, ' etc.. Alaraetla: gift.
C. O. O. and Janet W. Miller to Edward 3.
Fowler ife« simple), lot on S Una of Minna
street, 479:1 £1 of Telegraph avenue, ■ X by
S 100. lot 21. lands of Linden Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland; also lot on A line of - Minna,
street, 331 I E of TWesraph »r«nu» ■ 32 by
9 100, lot 20 same, Oakland; ale© lot on S«W
corner of Elijhtaenth and. Cypr«s* 9tre*ts. W
30 by N 104 ;», block OU6B. Oakland; *I'>
John and Alma Johnson to Ellen Kano
(widow), lot on S line of West Tenth street.
12S:»»4 E of Center. B 33 by M 75. portion
of lots I and i. block 558 Eighth-street Tract.
Oakland; $10
Hs.rlow P. Bancroft to Mark A. Thomas.
lot on NW corner of Fifty- or PTarna* and
Genoa streets. W 5». I V2, N 135, B 67.82, 9
125. lot 15, block O. map of Santa. 9* Tract No.
4 (desd and agreement) Oakland; $10.
Jennie P. Robson (wife- of B. VV ) to Wllllara
Christiansen lot 13. map of Austin Park. Oak
land: $1&. x '
D. E. Farry to- G. M. Perry, all Interest In
deed of trust — D. — , recorded March 1. 100&.
made by John and Harmie 5". Irwin February
27 1005. lot 17. block H. subdivision of block
H of .-efTised map of Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $1.
Cynthia. C. S. Walter i widow > to Harriet
L. Sampson (.wife of William S.). lot on M
line of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street. 469:8^
B of Grove, 3- SO by 10.53. betas W 3O feet
of lot 16. Collins Tract. Oakland; $10.
Margaret B. and C. W. Bowen to £*. J. Rus
sell, lot on 3 line of Merrlmac street, 163.22
B Of Grova, B ■♦*>. 3 B&7S, W 40, N 61.11 to
beginning, lot 26. Austin Park. Oakland: $10.
Arvllla Can- (widow) to George ■H. Hah n.
lot on N'E corner of West. Slghlb and
Myrtle streets, E 65 by N 104 blockv H. Majr
ket-street Tract. Oakland: $10.
George T. and Emma Hellyer to Tbomaa V.
Badgrer, lot on. .\'W line of Rose avenue, 253.81
ire of Echo avenue. JIB SO by NW 136.73. be
ing- lots 7 and 8. in subdivision 1«. map 3.
Glen Echo- Tract, etc.. deed given to correct
error In 'Inscription in deed between same
parties dated April' 4. 190 C. recorded April 13.
1903, Oakland Township; $10.
Thomas X. and Emily Bailor to D. T. Mac-
Arthur, same, iJakland Township; $li>.
The- Realty Syndicate (corporation) to James
A. Ballentlne (married), lot M and S 10 feet
of lot 9. . block 1, Central Piedmont Tract, deed
and. agreement. Oakland Township; ■ #10.
Same to Oakland Traction Consolidated, lot
at Intersection- of- &■ boundary- Hue of Plat E
with E line of Vernal avenue thence alosg
vision .of Plat E. STE lrtli>. N"W . SO.^S
dW L'.:i7. >ti. thence -on curve To feet radius of
tange-nt to said last course and deflecting to
right or N 10a» to point tangent, line paral
lel to and distant at right angle 4.65 E from
E line of Vernal avenue, thence S\V 4.65. SB
117.28, portion of Plat E. map partition of
Blair Ranch, etc.. Oaklnd Township; $10.
Hark- Development Company to Kat» L.
Ens low. lots 4 and 3. block F. Hopkins Ter
race, map A. etc.. Berkeley: fTO. . - ■■
G«oin<i Middelatorb (widow)* to . Christine
Zioke (wife- of Joseph), lot on 3 line of Six
tieth, or Benton street, 196 TV* of Adeline. W
3T:6br 9 133. portion of lot 6. block: K. Para
dise Park-. Oakland: £10.
Ellen _ Plunkett (wtdow)- to James A. and*
Frances J. PlunkPtt. lot on N line of Thir
teenth (Walker) avenue^ K5 NE of Ea9t Six
teenth Otonree* street. XX 35. NW 120, S W
20, SK an. S\V 15. SE Ml to beginnlns; of block
m. Clinton. East Oakland; *10.
P. Frank Whippl^ to- Ella. E. Van Court
et al.. lot on E line of Tenth avenue. ' IT." 3
of East Eleventh street, S *1 by E 130; Sast
Oakland: $5. .—
Charles L. Keens* to Christina Hf«we. • lot
26, Laymanc* Tract. de«ilsnated as lot 29. map
of Laymance Tract; Oakland sTtywnship; gift.
C. A. and LUlle AL Orr ta«F. S. Page, lot
on N line of Parker street. 150:2% E of Shat
tuck avenue, E. 34 by V 115.. portion of lot
15. block 14i;T Ste*to Tract. B«rU- *tO.
James I>. and Mary C. Barker to Thomas
IV. Stevenson, let en NE eorn*r of Prlnrc and
Harper streets. E. 50. N 1.. W CO. S US.7S. to
beglnnlnir of tot ft and portion of lot 5. block
7. map •:/ subdivision of block- T. Central Park
Tm-t. B*rk«>l«y: *100:
Harry H. and. Virginia M. "Webb, fby A I fr«.i
ron der Repp, their attorney) to Thomas J.
Hayes and Ellen L. Hayes, lot 1% blocfe 1~.
amended map of Central Par*. A!catna ami
Vewbury stations, Berfeeley:. $10; . ■
Georga H. and. Francos M. Young 1 to Frank.
P. ■ and Mary J. JCane. lot on W tine ! of Har
per strwt. 320 S of Ashby avenue 'i M.'t!*r>m. S
55. W 122. X «J. B 122. portion of. block *.
Central Park Tract, warranty deed,. Berkeley:
*10.
Walter- R. and Lena L. Cowan to Kate and
Samuel Hawey. lot- on- X line of Wh<»»>|. ave
nue.. 1.53- S of Putnam street. S 35 by E 130. lot
20. In subdivision C. Frulfcrale? Terminal Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $lUi ?W&m&fßS*
The Bruguiere Company (corporation) to
Mary and William H. *»wt«ll. lot en V line
of Fremont avenue. . IST S of WawMns.l n
street. S. 30 by W 125, portion of lot 13.
block 8, map of subdivision of NIB portion of
Anther Tract. Fruitvale, Brooklyn- Township;
$10L - • -
Geonrn H. and Nancy E. Lee to William
Herbetrt. tots 20. 21. SO and 31. block. C. Fruit
vale Boulevard Tract, Brooklyn Township: Jia
Same to Charles J. • Eric* son. Iot»= io,to • 13,
block E* same. Brooklyn. Township: *K>.
Mary A. Merchant (wMow> to Martha J.
Shaw (single), lot on W Una <\t Stanford
street. SO 9 of Clement arenne. W !:«:« b»
9 33, portion of tors 10. 11 and IS. block 2.
map of resubdlvlsion. of blocks 1.; 2 ami 3.
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
' Theodore H and. Theodosta. Hatch " to. Vellte
B. Hatch Cslnjrle> lot on .SB comer of Pacific
avenue and Chestnut street. . S 50 .by 3 150,
Alameda; irlft.
Alamada Savings Bank to- M.iehil-t« Xorber
(wife of Joseph), all Interest In lot on SW
corner of Van Buren and Fountain streets. SW
233 by SW 120. lots/ 3 and 4 block. 91. ofAclal
mas of city of AMSMda, Alameda: also con
vey all Interest acqjxtced. under ewrtltffcate of
sale on foreclosure m action 21.20*1: $10.
James A. and France* B. Baltenlin* to The
Realty Syndicate', tot 1. Mock B. Huntoon
Tract Pledmotit. Oakland Township; $10.
[ UOIUN GETS, FLACK— OaJtUnd. March «
I Miss Mal>el Walth, «ist-r of Assemblyman
fWaiali. ha« been hired as stenographer 'In the
District Attorney's atfien. Th» ponition was
' formerly filled by Frank Hornet, now Sheriff.
ADVERTISEMENTS '',
SICK HEADACHE
~~~~ ._ - ' = — i Positive 1 r cured \n
rABTTDC thm — Little plils -
WHIM Ll\Q - it*? rclleVe Da-
, HBQI i^pwm ■■ 5 ,"" tress from Dyspepala»lsi-
•^M* iTTLE dlsrescoa and Too Hearty
I lyrß Eating. A perfect rem-
fs Ly.T^r* hTj tor flu H iiwi. Nausea.
U PILLS. Dro^sliie33. Bad Taste
Jsm ■'■ >- 1' - * «w *wife» Coated
JaßtSfSfcla Tonjrue. Psda ta t&e Side,
v '^^^T^^ - ■ 'TOKPn> IJVBat. TJktg
regulate tfie Boweßs. Purely Vegetable.
SHALL FILL SMJUIDCSE..SmaPBICi.
gjyjjgffl ttBE SW BEAIMfiBfi.
MtrrTLE Giwiim Must Boar
|IVER r»Sanila Stgnatur* MS
SSSL-J rfft£**i&£ooi4E"TANNHAUSER"
IS NOBLY SUNG
EiigiM' Opera Company
d 5 Noteworthy Triumph
in Wagneriaii Masterpiece
>< HEMK LEADS FINELY
Soloists and Chorus Warmly
Applauded l\v a Crowded
Hou<o at the Columbia
A "Tannhauser" that would have set
caps flying at the Tivoli was given at
the Columbia last night by the Savage
<;rand Opera Company. Being at the
Columbia, the enthusiasm was less
picturesque, though the audience re
mained for a curtain call or two even
after the last act, in spite of the lack of
Latin ferment. But a box party or two
from Broadway- would have helped
things amazingly. They would have
Been, for example, after the truly splen
did climax of the second act, that Con
ductor Schenck came on stage. They
■would have remembered him even
through the entr'acte and given him
a hand" on his return.
For it was a. good deal Mr. Scheock's
night.
The conductor's work of last night
would seem to show that the condi
tions of conducting th» Columbia
orchestra — with half of It under your
toes were perhaps wholly responsible
for the lack of grip In Mr. Schenck's
first "Carmen" and 'Lohengrin" per
formances. Crispness, spirit, a firm
pulse were as agreeably in evidence in
the conducting last night as the dig
nity and breadth that distinguished
both the •'Lohengrin" and "Tannhaus
er." And Mr. Schenck'a people met
him more than half way. It was good,
thoroughly good, Wagner they gave,
and ever- the Bayreuther may be rec
ommended to the next performance.
They c:d not begin well, that is,
after the prelude, that prcved popular
a* always. But the Venusberg, with
* e^rißh lighting, was even a more
ihan usual hopelessly unseductive
habitation. Then Mr. Wegener, to re
further of the Metropolitan
» production, decided to begin fiat
just as Mr. Van Dvck used to. It
t be said that Kate Sherwood
Dim here. Hiss Sherwood kept
<m the pitch, and though her
did not stretch to the full dra
d^mand of the part, she came
n the whole a surprisingly good
-Mr. Savage does not give ub
• he gives so much that some-
M expected it — and the scene
ndp it for the illusion. It is just
id here as later that the set
barring that of the Venu.°berg,
'•. nasome and sufficient.
In " •. and Mr. W>gener
mpany can certainly
competent Wagnerian sing
&fisi Sennason did far and away
jrk hm up to now ap Eliza
f the self-con-
M that marred seriously her
■a, and showed an even more
sincere and sympathetic ap
of the r^ie than she did of
\\\-a\ of Elsa. which was noteworthy
>th qualities. She sang the part
much more confidence, and
much sweetn-?Fs. Mr. Wegener,
tike Van Dyck. warmed up to
• teh after the first scene, and
apain proved himself most agreeably
: In voice, though It was not In
•d trim as for his Lohengrin. His
too. by the
same human note that was struck
~h th<^ whole performance — al
exceptlng that Venusberg scene.
And. as in the L#ohengrln. Mr. Wegener
a particularly handsome knight.
Arthur Deane. as the minstrel knight
that rK'friends the naughty Tannhaus
- r xcpptionally effective. His
Wolfram was virile and sweet of voice,
with T\arm humanness, and in
romantic vein. Mr. Deane's
•Kv^rJng: Star" song was perhaps less
effective vocally than the rest of
his work, and he, too, flatted consid
erably at the beginning. The Land
grave was well done by Francis J.
Boyle and the lesser parts welFlooked
after. But the chef d'oeuvre of the
evening was the splendidly sung finale
of the second act. It was a truly noble
Viit of ensemble work, and If for noth
ing else the "Tannhauser" Is excellent
ly worth hearing. They thought so
last night.
"La Boheme" is to-night's offering:.
BLANCHE PARTTNGTON.
The Chutes.
"Over the Garden Wall," the three-act
musical comedy so popular some years
ago. was presented in condensed form
at the Chutes yesterday by John T.
Chick and his company. Boiled down
Into a little more than half an hour. It
kept two audiences In roars of laugh
ter. The Kingsburyi, clever black-face
singers, dancers and comedians, made
a hit, as did also Gaston and Harvey
In their oddity, "The Human Scare
crows." Mile. Vida, a dainty young
wire artiste, presented an act similar
to that done by Charmion at the Or
pheum last season. Mabel Lamaon,
the popular singer of Illustrated songs,
and the animatoscope, showing: many
modern and amusing moving pictures,
completed a capital programme. Th»
amateurs promise many surprises for
Thursday night, Including a sack race
for fat ladies.
• _ - *
»n the meek and lowly woman
r»'« strenuous when she sees a chance
ke i bargain.
APVERTTSEStEXTS.
**""' "'^
On
Arising '
v drink half a class of
the Natural Laxative
"Water '
Hunyadi Janos
to Insure a free move- .
ment of 'the bowels
and relief from •
CONSTIPATION
Ai«k for it by the full
; name t -
\ Hunyadl Janos
[ji — — — 1 ;
■
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Bamiana Bitters
*8 A'GRBAT RESTORATIVE. I X VIGOR A -
lor and Nervine. ' •,•,.-.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Toaic for the Sexual Organs, for both - sexes.
. The Mexican . Remedy for Diseases of the
KldDfre ant) Bladder. « Sells on its own merits
KAEER. ALFS & BKUKK. : A«ent«.
•28 Ma.rii«t ft., 6. F.— lEend for Circulars.)
BUILDING AND LOAN
MEASURE VOTED DOWN
AFTER SHARP DEBATE
Strong Opposition
Develops in As
sembly. •
Cromwell Leads the
Fight in Heated
Session.
Specla; Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— The Ab
eembly to-night denied passage to the
building and loan bill presented by the
select cc-mmittee of five from the joint
building and loan committee and
known variously as the Curtin, the
Hahn and the Grange bill, also as Sen
ate bill 723. Cromwell of Petaluma led
the fight and was ably assisted by
Beardslee, Amerige and others, all of
whom stood for the small home or
local associations as against the na
tionals.
Cromwell, after denouncing the bill
as it stood aa a measure that would
cause loss lo small Investors and to the
honest small companies that were help
ing them to save their earnings, sub
mitted forty-one amendment*, making
radical changes, and moved their adop
tic-n. There was a long and exciting
debate and amid a great hubbub the
amendments were defeated by a vote
of M to 33. afiei they had first been
carried. 37-22, some of the San Fran
cisco members changing their votes.
BATTLE *XJR DELAY.
This morning the measure was called
up for final passage by Transue of Los
Angeles, chairman of the Assembly
Buiiding and Loan Associations Com
mittee.
"I have' some amendments to that
bill, which I wish to prepare," said
Cromwell, "and I ask that it go over
until 4 o'clock that I may have time
to get them Into shape."
Transue at once opposed d*laj.
He gave Cromwell the credit of hav
ing good intentions in the matter and
made the declaration that interested
parties were trying to defeat all build
ing and loan legislation attempted at
this session. He offered as an amend
ment to Cromwell's motion that the
bill be taken up immediately upon
reconvening in the afternoon. He
gave as a reason for thl» that
the Senate file would be taken ud at
that time and he wanted to see no
delay.
" We can take up this measure last
on the Senate file as well as first." in
sisted Cromwell. "This Senate bill
was framed hastily and if the other
house had time to put in its amend
ments, we should have time to put in
ours."
"While I know nothing of the
amendments to be offered by Mr.
Cromwell," eaid Chandler, "I do know
that thie building and loan bill
is one of the most important before
this Legislature and I shall oppose
any effort to push it through with un
due haste."
"It depends altogether on the de
bate which way my vote on this bill
will go." said Anthony. "I know lit
tle about the subject and want to be
Informed."
"Tf this matter goes over till 4
o'clock it will give time to those who
wish it to prepare amendments," said
Bueick. "If there is not time left
then to d'scuss It we can take it up
to-morrow morning and no Just in
terest will suffer."
Transue receded from his position
and it was agreed that it should go
over until 4 o'clock.
LONG LIST OF OBJECTIONS.
At the afternoon session Transue
resumed his argument and talked for
an hour. The wrangle that followed
lasted until 6 o'clock.
Cromwell at the night session sub
mitted his amendments. They .prac
tically tore the bill to pieces, doing
away with the sale of "investment cer
tificates." cutting out the savings
bank features of loans to members
"and others." striking out the provision
for the deposit of securities with the
Secretary of State or banks, cutting
out entrance and withdrawal fees,
eliminating the clause prescribing a li
cense fee for solicitors and cutting out
the definition of "deposits" In the sec
tion of the bill referring to minors
holding stocks or making deposits.
Cromwell said that what was re
ferred to fourteen times In the bill as
"investment certificates" was not de
fined anywhere in the bill, but had
been explained as being the same as
bonds, and no concern doing business
on the building and loan plan has »a
right to Issue bonds. He asserted that
lending to members and "others'" cre
ated hydra-headed organizations upon
wtiieh there were not sufficient restric
tions; that depositing securities with
banks was unnecessary under another
part of the bill providing that the notes
must hear on their face the word*
"non-negotiable." and would also gfv*
banks an insight into an association's
private business and enable them to
take away Its business; that the
"wherever*." "whenevers" and "how
*vers" would let in every kind
of a corporation that lends money
on realty, even tontines and get
rich-quick concerns; that In smail
towns the secretaries of the mutuala
went out and secured business and the
imposing of a license fee for solicit
ing would Injure them; that the smaller
concerns do not now have a paid-up
capital, and that the portion referring
to minors holding stocks was purely
a savings bank feature.
"If the amendments are not adopted,"
said Amerige, "I must vote against the
whole bill."
Cromwell read a letter from Secre
tary Corbin of the Continental, ln
■ dorsing the Hahn-Curtin-Grange bill.
Anthony said the letter was a "das
tardly political trick."
Severance said Grange and the na
] tionals were trying to freeze out the
locate, which had built him a hJtne.
Eepey said h* 1 hed many telegrams
j from his constituents urging the defeat
: of the bill, which, he said, had been
| framed by the Corbina and Granges.
The votp was H7 to 32 against the bill.
PROTEST PROM THE SOUTH.
LOS ANGELES.. March — The
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
to-day* adopted a resolution, .which
was mailed to - Governor; Pardee, pro
testing against the enactment into, law
of the Assembly bill raising the wages
of unskilled laborers employed ■. on
public works from $2. to $3 a
day. The objections i to the i bill .-ire
chiefly that the proposed pay is above
the average- wage . rate. •; and . further
that a large amount of skilled labor
does not. receive as much 'as jit,.i t ,. Is
proposed' to 1 pay" unskilled labor, thus
creating a condition. which:' it is stated;
is sure to be productive* of much:dis
satisfaetlon and * disagreement. Gov
ernor Pardee' was asked to veto the
bill/ • :';.:•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, MARCH 7. 1905.
BILLS SIGNED
BY GOVERNOR
One Measure Provides That
School Teachers Shall Be
Paid at Least $550 a Year
LAWS ON LITIGATION
Provision for Cases Which
May Grow Out of the
Reclamation Assessments
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— Seven
Senate bills received the. approval of
Governor Pardee to-day. Three of the
measures, Nos. 193, 196 and 190, intro
duced by Sanford of Mendocino, sim
plify the px-ocess and lessen the possi
bilities of litigation in the assessment
of reclamation districts.
Anderson's bill. No. 246, which was
signed by the Governor, provides that
all school teachers must be paid a sal
ary of at least $650 a year.
Other bills approved were:
By Hahn, No. 98, permitting either
side in a law case to require the court
to instruct the jury to bring in a spe
cial verdict.
By Rowell, No. 266, providing that
pupils residing in a district where there
are no high schools may attend high
schools in other districts by paying a
reasonable tuition fee.
By Savage, No. 529, authorizing city
governments to order the construction
of curbs and gutters.
FOR A STATE BRIDGE.
Resolution Calls for Inquiry Into Car-
quinez Situation.
SACRAMENTO, March o.— The fol
lowing concurrent resolution relative
to the bridging of Carquinez Straits
was introduced in the Assembly this
morning by Moore of San Joaquln: I
Resolved by the Assembly of the State of
California, the Senate concurring, that a Joint
committee of the Senate and Assembly, con
sisting of four members, be appointed, two by
the President of the Senate and two by the
Speaker of the Assembly, to examine Into and
report upon the advisability and co«t of the
designing and of the construction by the State
of California of a State toll combination sus
pension bridge across Carquinez Straits at a
point which would be the most convenient to
all traffic, such as steam and electric railroad,
wagon and foot traffic.
That the said Joint committee be and is
hereby authorized and empowered to do any
and all necessary things to make a full and
complete lnvestiKatlon of all matters In con
nection therewith In order that a full and
complete report may be made, and to that
end the said committee Is hereby authorized
and empowered to employ all necessary clerical
and expert assistance and also to call Into con
sultation any and all persons deemed necessary
by said committee to make a full and complete
report in accordance with this resolution.
"I have introduced the resolution at
the request of my constituents in the
reclamation districts," said its author.
"They wish to* take such steps as will
preclude the construction of a pile
bridge. In sruch structure the piles
would have to be placed so close that
they would collect the debris and
practically form a dam that would
prevent the free flow of the water and
cause a greater strain on the levees
above."
On motion of Moore the resolution
was adopted and sent to the Senate.
At the afternoon session Stanton
moved for a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution had been
adopted, saying that under its pro
visions an unlimited sum might be
spent by the commission. The recon
sideration was granted and the reso
lution made a special order for to
morrow.
AFFECTS WATEat SUPPLY.
Bill Passed by Which City Could Lose i
Mountain Source.
SACRAMENTO, March 6. — Duryea '
brought up In the Assembly this after
neon Pendleton's Senate bill, Identical j £
with his own, relating to eminent do
main and dealing among other things i
v Ith water stored in reservoirs or flow- \
ing in pipes. 1
Treadwell opposed the bill, saying: 1
"Under this provision the water stored
in reservoirs in one county and used l
for supplying water to the inhabitants t
of another county could be condemned ]
and taken for Irrigation or other pur
poses in the county where It is stored. ]
Under such a law the water of the '
Spring Valley Water Company stored
in the counties of San Mateo and Ala
meda for the inhabitants of San Fran
cisco could be condemned for the pur
pose of irrigation by the inhabitants
of the counties of San Mateo and Ala
meda,
. "The city and county of San Fran- i
cisco Intends to at some time have Its i
own water supply, which will require
reservoir sites in some mountain coun
ty, and representatives of that city ,
have Just returned from Washington
for the purpose of obtaining the con
sent of the Government to carry out
such a project; but under this law a
rival company could instigate • con
demnation proceedings of the water ,
after lr was obtained and stored at
grea*t expense by the city, and. ac
cording to this act, the only damage
they would have to pay to the city
would be the value per one thousand
gallons of water taken. In other words,
the city would lose the entire expense
of the construction of reservoirs and
pipes, and would simply get the value ;
of the water.
"This bill is followed up by a com
panion measure known as Senate bill J
872, which provides that any twenty
householders of the county where the
water is stored can compel the Board
of Supervisors of the county where It j
is stored to condemn the water. If i
these two bills should become a law it j
would be absolutely Impossible for any
city to ever obtain a water supply from
the mountain counties.
'It Is elementary and always has
been the law of this State that where
property was already applied to one |
public use it cannot be condemned for
another public use, unless it is a public j
use of a higher character and one more .
necessary to the public, but by this I
act water applied to the highest public I
j use known to the law. that is, the I
I supplying of water for the inhabitants I
•' of cities for human consumption, could ]
|be condemned for irrigation or any i
; other purpose?. "
. Devlin also spoke against the bill,
i which came up on reconsideration after
having been defeated Saturday morn
ing, but it was passed this time byja
vote of 47 to 24 and is now up to the j
Governor.
■♦ ■ —
All ailments arising from a disordered |
stomach, torpid liver and constipated !
bowels' are yulckly cured by using Lash's I
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
BOYCOTT BILL
MEETS DEFEAT
Senator Ralston's Measure
Lost by the Decisive Vote
of Twenty-Seven to Four
FIGHT GROWS BRISK
Argument Prevails That the
3lain Points It Contains
Are Covered Elsewhere
Special D'.cpatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— The clos
ing week of the Legislature opened in
the Senate this morning with a hot
debate on Ralston's bill declaring that
those guilty of boycotting, blacklisting
or similar offenses shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor. The bill waa
defeated by a vote of 27 to I.
Kane, Markey and Shortridge led the
fight against the bill. They advanced
the contention that the bill could serve
no purpose, as its principles are al
ready sustained by decisions of all of
the courts of the land. Wolfe, Welch
and Ward also attacked the bill on
similar grounds.
Lukens, Irish and Ralston suoke In j
favor of the measure. They said that ;
if the principles in the bill were al- ,
ready affirmed by the higher courts of ,
the land they could not see what ob- j
Jectlon the representatives of union la- j
bor could have to the measure. It ,
would be a guide, they said in con- j
elusion, that would save the courts the
trouble of interpreting the various de- i
cislons and would also provide for the
punishment of those that violated the
principles known to exist.
The bill was defeated, however, and
as no motion for reconsideration was
made it is dead, at least so far as the
present session is concerned.
PASSED BY THE SENATE.
I. out; IJst of Appropriations During
Busy Session.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— Ralston's
Senate constitutional amendment pro
posing to extend the life of corpora
tions from fifty years to an indefinite
period was adopted by the upper house
to-night by a vote of 27 to 5. Senator
Lukens was practically alone in debate
opposing the bill. Senators Curtin and
Pendelton led the debate In favor of
the bill.
Beardslee's Assembly bill providing
that the separate property of the wife
is liable for debts incurred for house
hold expenses was passed by the Sen
ate to-day. Other bills passed by the
Senate were:
By Irish, providing for the issuance
of certificates of registration to nurses
by the State university regentW.
By Busick, imposing a license tax on
itinerant vendors, peddlers and can
vassers of agricultural Implements,
wagons, buggies and other articles.
By Branstetter, to prevent decep
tion in the sale of renovated butter.
By Johnstone, appropriating J2OOO for
a reservoir at the Whittler State
School.
By Johnstone, appropriating $250 for
new books at the Whltier School.
By Waste, appropriating $4000 to es
tablish and maintain a bacteriological
laboratory for the use of the State
Board of Health at the University of
California.
By the Committee on Swamp and
Overflooded Lands, creating the Sacra
mento drainage district.
By Emmons, appropriating $60,000 for
constructing levees along the Kern
River.
By Ivukens, appropriating $35,000 for
a dormitory on the grounds of the In
dustrial Home of Mechanical Trades
for the Adult Blind at Oakland.
By Selvage, appropriating $1000 to
pay the claim of Albert G. Lafferty
against the State.
By Committee on Roads and High
ways, appropriating $2000 for the sur
vey and location and erection of the
remaining milestones on the Lake Ta
hoe wagon road.
By Emmons. appropriating $20,000
for the construction, repair and main
tenance of a public highway between
Kern and Los Angeles.
By Ralston, appropriating $6000 for
permanent bridge work on the Lake
Tahoe wagon road.
TO REGUIjATE WFRING.
Atkinson's Bill Given the Right of
Way.
SACRAMENTO, March 6. — During
the early part of the session three bills
affecting electrical Interests were in
troduced by members of the San Fran
cisco delegation — one by Strohl pro
viding for an electrical Inspector, one
by Cullen regulating the erection of
poles and the stringing of electric
wires, and the third by \ Mindham,
regulating the installation cjf electrical
apparatus in buildings. Tb/ey were all
referred to the Committee on Corpor
ations. To-day Atkinson moved that
they all be reported back from the
committee and their authors be al
lowed to withdraw them. This re
quest was complied with.
Atkinson then asked that his own
bill, designated "An act to regulate the
placing, installing and maintaining of
electric light and power work, wirings
and appliances in buildings and other
structures," be withdrawn from the
Committee on Corporations and placed
on the special file without recommen
dation. He said he had the permis
sion of the committee to have this
done nnd the request was accordingly
complied with. His bill is a union
labor measure.
RAISES JURORS' FEES.
Senate Also Favors University Chair
in Music.
SACRAMENTO. March 6. — San
Francisco's delegation made a futile
fight in the Senate to-night against
Irish's bill, raising Jurors' fees from
$2 to S3 a day. The San Franciscans
pointed to the great burden the in
crease would mean to San Francisco,
but San Francisco's wealth to the
mind of the interior Senator, is limit
less. The result was that the bill
went through, and as no motion for
reconsideration was made, the action
was final so far as the upper house
Is concerned.
Paeffles bill, appropriating $6000
for the establishment of a school of
music at the University of California,
also passed the Senate to-night.
Ualston's proposed constitutional
amendment to make unlawful the
dealing In stocks on margins was de
YOUTH PROUD
OF HIS CRIMES
Lorenzo Steffanini Arrives
From Sunny Italy to Ply
Vocation of Highwayman
IDENTIFIED AS ROBBER
Daniel Sullivan and George
Earl Are Arrested as Ac
complices of Daring Lad
Lorenzo Steffanini, 19 years of age,
turned highwayman^ two months ago
and the police claim he is responsible
for several desperate crimes commit
ted within that space of time. He Is
now in the City Prison charged with
robbery and two other men, Daniel
Sullivan and George Earl, have been
arrested and will be charged with hav
ing been implicated with him In the
holdups. Steffanini maintains an air
of bravado and seems to glory In his
deeds. The police think he will make
a complete confession to-day and that
he and his companions will be landed
behind prison bars with little difficulty.
Steffanini came to this city from Italy
a short time ago with relatives and has
done but little work since he arrived
here. Sullivan is a prize fighter and
Earl is a well-known crook from Kan
sas City. The trio occupied a room at
521 Pacific street.
Steffanini and his companions have
been positively Identified by Giovanni
Tischorina, an Italian fisherman at
35 Prospect place, as being the men
who held him up and robbed him of
$17 about one week ago. The crime
was committed at the corner of Vallejo
and Sansome streets and the men car
ried revolvers. Steffanini was un
masked, but the other two men had
their features concealed on this occa
sion. In the other robberies attributed
to the men, all three wore masks. It
was due to the fact that Steffanini
wore nothing on his face when the
fisherman was robbed that Detectives
Bunner and Matherson secured a clew
that led to his identity
Many other crimes are attributed to
the men and a number of people will
be called to Identify them to-day.
George Carlyle, 1621 Dupont street was
held up and robbed in Jasper place on
February 13 and his gold watch and
diamond stud taken from him. The
detectives assert Sullivan pawned the
pin and Earl disposed of the watch in
a pawnshop. Both articles have been
recovered. Joseph Spousi, 618 Front
street, waß held up in the railroad
yards of the Belt line last Friday
and robbed of $31 by three men
answering the description of
the accused. Bido Rlvol was robbed
at the corner of Franklin and Lombard
streets on March 1 and lost $7. The
police will probably charge Sullivan
and Earl to-day.
feated after an extended debate.
Shortridge opposed the bill, saying he
believed the people should be permit
ted to decide for themselves whether
or not they want to eramble.
COIX FOR THK CLERKS.
Bill In the Assembly for After Session
Payments.
SACRAMENTO, March 6. — A reso
lution was introduced In the Assem
bly this morning by Bliss, authorizing
the payment from the contingent fund
of sums running from $50 to $250 and
aggregating $1825 to various clerks
for services they are supposed to per
form after the session. There was a
demand that the resolution be read In
full and a motion was made and car
ried that It, go to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
Stanton, chairman of that commit
tee, introduced a humorous resolution
that any money that happened to be
left in the contingent fund after ad
journment be distributed among the
attaches, whether they had been
present during the session or not.
Druggist BUI Withdrawn.
SACRAMENTO, March 6. — Cleve
land of Santa Cruz to-day withdrew
his Assembly bill providing that no
druggist shall prescribe for" a patient.
It was introduced at the suggestion of
physicians and though amended to
partly suit the druggists they were
prepared to fight it.
LICENSE NEW BANK.— The Board of
Bank Commissioners issued a license yester
day for the establishment of the Salinas City
Bank of Savings at the county seat of Mon
terey County. The new Institution has a cap
ital of 530.000. and will open its doors for
business immediately. J. H. McDougall has
been elected president of the bank. W. J. Ir
vine vice president and F. 8. Clark secretary
and cashier.
t^^_^____ / J . ADVERTISEMENTS. __^^.
' ' ' ' ' ~ ' • • ' - ■ ~ - ' *- ■ ■ ~ ■ ' - - »
Personal!y=Conducted Tours
Eastward via the Rockies
-I Each is in charge of .a y thoroughly-informed and long-experienced con-
ductor; each moves thro* the Rockies via Salt Lake, Glenwood Springs,
Colorado -Springs and : Denver; .-. each provides a thro' service either to
-. Omaha and Chicago, or to St. Joseph and St. Louis — at which
splendid connection may be made with ; thro' trains to the farther East
or South.
i *'•..■■": .-« ;"' ' fall details of this unrivaled arrangement sent
: : >. ■; _ . to any inquirer. Call, writ*, or use this coupon.
II ' l^H IIimMllH W. D. SANBO2UT. General Asrent. 631 Market St.. SAH CISCO.
|Blllj|||||£Jlll| Send details of personally-conducted tours SFS
IB 1 11 1 1 1 1 nit ' ' ' •■* -"' * *
UXlA^yiw|^B Name " I«! » ♦ ♦ ♦ ILf » »r1
Address
Pi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Home Study and Success
llll^li&ill-d&jl^jfHiMJ,^^- { Eduction neither I,**. nor «d. witH
gJEsiHßyi^saiafca^Jfcr^y s=jj^ '■ ■ the college. ■ It depends, first or la.it. |
/ 111- I/Si SI I h/c?i// // ihlltlpz^i '■ upon one's own efforts; upon one's »l>ilitT
S^ifP l&kW- M?-- l=UM\& { to learn needful fact* and put tnem uuo
...a^yyaDKttS^f-aiSa^feS^^S— 1 practice.
//// (liill US, Ti ft if-Jip^l- , Home study is tha secret of success, j
i3fe h S^ShmiTF^-ft^^ Many cf our (Treat men have been self-
f^TajyY>wW^rtriraf| c "'' v I t*u«rht. Lincoln is a. «trlktaur example.
till I Still 11% ill •'! ''"7* — I The most complete homo training
350 - 3£& it: ' -^^l^ 1 [LJiuki^^i school ever organized Is now open to
Vi^^iV^Va^rWi ~ -\ every earnest man and woman, boy ana
(111 1 12 Oil 'I II II ![, Hi lE™ I rirL It is within the oaires of the JTEW
l ßK(pßiip Encyclopaedia Britannica
((/(■*■ I (•*■(( lilfliM^ ( It provides no less than 73 COUBSJ3S
Q&c£gßB&^3S§^ tt [j gßfcU'X-s^ OP STUDY, coverinjr every phase of hti-
JW^U^^S mm 17SlllT m jnfr^^^' man research and endeavor. To mill this
tilt* gflif-tf-Hgt'hJHf— fffm-l^' \ work distinctly practical, a StTPPI.E-
I^^Rlgi^^ltr^^^Sß^^g^ HBKTAXY VOXaTTBCX was prepared
lII} TSian U^T ii U?rr^^i which outline* these courses anil aids the
I 111-eMßilll \m*A\\*h\\ ■ iHlll >rSS I student In home work. Systematic read-
RiPMrfclg^^^S^E^^^^l^^gr^ *°- i« provided in such subjects as iat-
/7^/«^3^^/7ffT7^'//7//«7?^^^' erature. Astronomy, Blolo«ry. ■oolosnr,
1 llli^ilbljli AUm/ii t.ll lllli-ltSSi I Botany, Oeoarraphy, Mathematics. Theol-
I>H 1 IKB^i^^K ftSo j^Ss^T ory, Law, Medicine. Ensflaeerinar and
I 111 *fi*tllll-*-iHl'' *'' /iwL-fIP V Wo matter what your education or pre-
' ■*■ ™1 ■ *4ty?mSilJSi»Jlifliii^gs=*gJ rlou* train In sr, this unrivaled work • will
J}ft V 'Hmfflin>Tli JifuTi^^i point out some course which you have
ulL*./fcTii(i.-< l\ li\* II ' Iftfif l^& [• lons* wanted to follow — and furnish the
tj^gMKUy^ffiggg|jULJfl|J^^^ft material within its 25.000 teemia*
(-111 (II Jill ♦ fdwr^l I illt \\^^' Si M you have no aid or incentive to borne
' J^^MtsdKy^Wll^M^\nyiip§i^rT study, you are losing arround. Questions
nl^lllTsfriJ^l^ii uiUU^i V ILr ' constantly cominar up which require)
111 ts \mi Mil m Imtrrmtii nim-vF^'* definite* answers. You, need the best En-
ctT'ii iiißHJ!Bir^iiiMmilf?ii3sWJ^sM^i cyclopaedia you can ret. and that la
Uttlmwwulmii^l^iUnnt^^ ( easily the Hew Werner Twentieth Cen-
M [i^iMnsfi j^(t§jt:Lj' > M f illlh if -A tury Encyclopaedia Brltannlca.
BmLM^^^. An Unusual Short-Time Offer
n^^m/n^f^n/i^Mie??'^ This latest edition, revised up to 1903,
Kutii.SKfif'lM'ii^ulS'll ff/rfrit '■ already in grreat demand. On account
■ ifllJUMJaiiJJaEJcgdi^Bi)^^^^^^' of our extensive advertising' and diatrib-
W IlilW' Us II -7 "^^*"^ I utinsr facilities- we are *upplyin«r this
(lll^-ftflS|i^lis(l(3W— iimi^-^s^ rreat reference library of 31 MASSIVE
: ißE§j g^^^i^^^l^tUyrl^^^T VOIUJtES direct from the factory to
fly TO^fr nKr '" rff^ ( readers, thus cutttnsr out all middlemen's
((((♦lHlJlll <frll_fll Xif ((fill if^' ■&£ profits and effecting' a saving: of nearly
tjj^jH^^C^Mtf^n^ljrTjiTOffi--^^^ 50 per cent of former price. or Is this
Hi" II- r'^liiiit t^. \ all. We have arranged, terms so easy a3
Hit [iff -V '1 tuff j: ft- ||«|(hP^ -rg? to place it within the reach of every man
§i3&»BJsiliftsJLHii!ii SiyK^tg^^/ and woman who can spare TEJf CENTS
njf^ftjTTTnZjFli * \ A DAY! And ONE DOLLAR brinsrs th*
( (li it it»JJ/Ljr,/jKf||^f/ if 'lili^^^-^-^? books rifrht into your home to be used
Yjyr^jJ£itjAT^^j^a^^a\ ' \ ■EB*a»fcLtt : i3£sgs^?^' vrhile paying for them !
fif^^ll^^fei^tF^^^fc^ " SEND THE INQUIRY
mi^KSSm^mSss^tr^^^^ Our special offer at SO per cent discount
]IL±lMli d fill +II tfulhW^ -a is XiXasXTZZD.' You must be prompt to be
IB|J|l^^ sure of a set of the new Werner Twenti-
itH^llUSlLntllsllttkll [\[[\\W& -^ before the inevita- DnnlfMCO FreB
liLnßtfe - %Z&*^ hie advance in price. DUUFtuJOC
W"WM\ ZtJ^t^.^ Jli^/^. ment°plan e you" *an We have on hand
VMYW P. Mi\, -H V5lt ftFSkt^l secure a set on the a small number
W^iamWfMm^ilX^MT^ I PAYMEITT OP OR of attractive
iff fr I f l3BiiTO*¥fcl«s*flPP'P»LjfT a? POliTi ft » and there- bookcases, made
BHliWfP^l' a^Se^ra^o? T IH .^ecially to hold
ffl&P^i^MWJJ^Jf^^^i^S. a short time. for Britannic*. this
JtejrrtUtf^KEiif /pf^^^i-i^S. a short time. -Cut Britannica. These
rf^y^MJW^'-JB^rjfer j£~jj;- out tHe Inquiry bookcases will be
I "^,}' "rtven free of
11 !? charge to read-
fflßf&&&ll?im .^lli—and let us teU you ers who respond
y^SSiS^^'&i>i^^^^^~ more about this re- promptly to tills
Vtim^iiHS^^^^^" markable book bar- ad v ertlsement.
$tsM;Wsyl JSS^^rgP^-' sraln. Tlie coupon Mail toB coupon
— }~_^^^^^ f[lujE =^' crJ '-"'^ * lielow brinjrs atli'fcc- _^ ones*
.-...-! ■ . . — _ and full particulars. —— — *—^ >■— —
31 Massive Volumes. ty Cut out and mall this Coupon to-day for
Weight about aoo pounds. particulars of our great offer to Call Readers.
as VOLUMES, NINTH [| 3-7-05
edition. The American Newspaper - Association
With New American v Parrott Building, San Francisco. Cat.
r-" Articles. Please «end me free of charge sample pages and
5 volumes;- AMERI- f ? 11 P* rt!cul * " 9t your EnCTCIop * di * offer (B^ kca>e
CAN ADDITIONS. ;
New Edition, Revised Mamm
to 1905.
1 VOLUME. GUIDE str "* - • ■
TO SYSTEMATIC Town _ , stat9
STUDY* lN ° AN ° J SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
FORTY-EIGHT
AS TAX RATE
Figure Named in the Bill
Presented in Assembly by
Stanton of the Committee
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. March 6.— Chairman
Stanton of the Ways and Means Com
mittee presented a bill In the Assembly
to-night fixing the State tax rate for
the ensuing year at 48 cents.
Provision is made for the Incarcera
tion of prisoners in separate cells at
San Quentln and Folsom through bills
by Senators Coggins and McKee,
passed in the Assembly this morning.
The bills carry appropriations of near
ly $500,000, to be paid in a period of alx
years, and provide for the erection of
additional cells and other improve
ments at the penitentiaries*.
The Assembly also passed Olmstead's
bill fixing salaries of prison guards at
$50 for the first six months. $55 for th»*
next six months and finally reaching a
maximum of $65. The measure is a
compromise for the Lynch bill, which
sought to fix the salaries of the prison
guards at $75 and which the Governor
refused to sign.
McCartney's bill providing that all
the county offices In all the smaller
counties must be kept open all day wm
defeated. Weyand gave notice of r»
conslderation.
Catalogues and general commercial print ut*.
Gabriel Print. Co. prints anything. *1» 3acta -
BREAKS DOCTORS JAW.— Camp
bell was arrested last night on * warrant
sworn out for his arrest by Dr. B. A. Bohm
of 1551 Hyde street charging 1 him with bat
tery. ' Bobm says that while passing along
Hyde street last Sunday he was assaulted by
Campbell, who. struck him on the jaw. frac
firing It. Re says that Campbell was Intoxi
cated at the time.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECXELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXAFGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
TTESDAY MARCH 7, 1905
THE RIVER BILL.
THERE are gratifying evidences of a modus vivendi between the
committee and the land owners in regard to the bill which will
focus the action of the Legislature upon river rectification. It
is recognized by the land owners that the initiative and the bill prop
erly originated with the committee, and it is* also doubtless recog
nized by the committee that its work is greatly strengthened by the
appearance in the matter of the land owners.
The relation is as natural as it is necessary. Suppose this con
fluent action had not been taken in perfecting the bill ! Then Con
gress, when asked to give Federal aid, would at once query, "Why
do not the land owners come forward and offer something?" Just
what answer our members of Congress would make to this may be
imagined. They would have to say that they do not know why. This
would throw the burden back upon the land owners, who would nat
urally answer that they were not asked, or were not permitted by the
committee to take part. Then we would have all furnished and
ready one of those situations so dear to the Congressional heart
when it beats high for the use of money elsewhere, and the whole
matter would fade from the files by the opposition or the passive
attitude of friends, saying, "There seems to be something wrong. It
is a disagreement between the local committee and the land owners.
Let them get together and then come here."
Ry that time what was in the beginning merely a negative sit
uation, caused by the failure of parties to co-ordinate their efforts,
would develop here into active antagonism, and getting together
would be very difficult. No close observer of the situation doubts
the utility of co-operation. The land owners admit it by the action
they have taken, and the committee by assenting to the inclusion of
their ideas in the original bill. It is a matter in which there is no
room for the pride of paternity of the bill itself, nor for the prepara
tion of a claim of the credit for what is finally accomplished.
The work concerns many people and a variety of interests, run
ning all the way from the producer to the consumer, and from the
land owners to the river boatmen. Before success is reached it will
be found that there is work enough for all to have a hand in, and an
impact of influence will be required, from which the force of none
should be missing. All the wisdom required is not with one man,
ror with one interest, but with all. The consensus of opinion puts
popular force behind the great project. The Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association perhaps represents a greater number of the
many interests involved than any other organization, and appears
to be investing all of its energies wisely, to secure results. With it
in active co-operation with the land owners, and the executive com
mittee of the River and Drainage Association, there is every evidence
that no energy will be lost or unwisely directed.
In the unfolding of the reclamation plan opposition will appear
that is not now in sight. It will be found around the shores of
Suisun Bay. and it will be so powerful and portentous as to ad
monish the friends of river rectification that to succeed they must
stand together and stand close. Getting into the habit will be
helpful in that day when the real opposition is encountered and the
real work is to be done.
It is a mistake to suppose that every difference of opinion is
indicative of opposition to the work itself, for it is not. Xor may it
be considered wisdom to permit any difference of opinion between
the friends of the general purpose, to degenerate into opposition.
There is great promise that what all hope for may be accomplished,
and the day of accomplishment may be advanced by avoiding mis
understandir.
THE INAUGURAL.
r pHK stately inauguration ceremony at Washington on Saturday
satisfied the love of a free people for pageantry, because it
brought together in the marching column a half century of his
tory and a century of expectation. Sections and sectionalism were
obliterated, and the whole people came together in hearty brother
hood and patriotic accord.
The President was moved upon by the spirit of the day and In
hi? brief inaugural presented all of our genius as a people, and our
purpose and aspiration as a nation. The note in it most prominent
was its sense of common citizenship, equal rights, common privileges,
the dignity of individual character transferred to the Government
itself, and the enforcement of universal justice in the world, by bein£
just ourselves as a nation. There was no trace of partisanship in it.
The President of all the people heartily greeted the representatives
of all the people.
It was a spectacle to impress the people of the world. It taught
rulers the safety of a reliance upon an intelligent and free people
who make their own government and order and direct it. And it
ght the people the value of relying upon themselves.
President Roosevelt has now entered upon a full term in the
Presidency, which he voluntarily makes his last. It may be said
truthfully, and without reflection upon his predecessors in the great
office, that he begins his term freer than any before him. No strings
lead to the White House, and no path to the back stairs. Men musi
meet him face to face and publicly, and no matter who they are or to
what party they belong, if they bring ideas in government they will
stand or fall by the merit of what they bring. His election was ac
iplished without incurring side obligations. It was the verdict of
the people upon his personality, and expressed their judgment upon
the importance of bis relations to his countrymen. There is neither
veil nor wall between him and the people. The country is pros
perous; what evils exist are corrigible by the employment of wisdom
tnd patience, and we will go on. giving new evidence of the vitality
and of the corrective power of free institutions.
FILIPINO PROGRESS ASSOCIATION.
A NOTEWORTHY feature of the world's work is 'the recent
formation of the Filipino Progress Association, with a long
list of men of national prominence as its officers, and the
purpose to procure and disseminate information concerning- indus
trial, commercial and political conditions in the Philippine Islands;
to promote legislation in Congress favorable to the Filipinos ; : ; to
promote the fulfillment of the hope expressed by President Roose
velt in his inaugural message, that the Philippine "islands shall event
ually stand "in some such relation to the United States as Cuba now
stands." '.-..■
The names of the men who officer the association are a suffi
cient guarantee that its work will be wisely planned and wisely exe
cuted. Jacob Gould Schurman is its president, and among its
forty-six vice presidents are such well known men as Andrew Car
negie, President Charles. W. Eliot, Marshall Field; Cardinal James
Gibbons, Rev. Edward Everett Hale, President David Starr Jor
dan, and the Hon. Hoke Smith. On the executive committee are
Dr. Felix Adler and Rev. Charles H. Parkhurst.
The association has presented a petition to Congress to confer
on the Philippine Commission, or on the Philippine Legislature, soon
to be organized, the power to enact a law for the restriction or pro
hibition of the sale of opium in the islands. Although from the be
ginning of our relations with China it has been the policy of our
Government to insist that no American should take part in the
opium trade, it is a fact that opium is admitted to the Philippines on
payment of duties fixed by Congress, and freely bought and sold
there.
The Philippine Government has had" a committee, on which
serves an American officer, a Filipino physician, and an American
Bishop, investigating the methods of regulating the trade in other
Asiatic countries. This committee recommends as a model tiit
regulations which the Japanese law provides for Formosa.
It will be observed that from this method of procedure the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUhSDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
MARCH ROSES
Campbell MacLeod
THE French Opera House was
ablaze with light. Cutside an
eager crowd drank in the beau
ties that alighted from carriages
and ran lightly up the stairway
to a gorgeous palace of light within.
Suddenly there was a stir. Madam
Lafayette drove up. Her gray-haired
coachman climbed ponderously down
and threw open the door for Madam
to alight. In her ancient black silk
dress, with its voluminous train and
decorations of rare old lace, she might
have passed for a dowager duchess.
She was followed by a slim slip of a
girl in a white dress that bespoke
Madam's ante-bellum ideas of style.
"Ah, there ees Lucien now," Madam
breathed In an agitated tone of relief,
as an old man quickly pushed his way
through the crowd to her side. The
three passed up the broad stairs and
disappeared within.
None of the carnival balls is more
gorgeous than Proteus. ' And to the
girl who was seeing it for the first
time the scene was of Arabian Night
splendor. She was leaning on her el
bow, drinking in all the tropical
beauty in the ballroom below. The
maskers flitted to and fro, bestowing
favors on expectant maidens, waiting
to be "called out."
A very gorgeous young Romeo
leaned against a friendly column near
the throne on the stage below and
surveyed the crowd with indifferent
eyes. It was such an old thing to
him — he was tired of it all. "Buds,
buds, buds!" he muttered to himself.
"The years come; the years go — "
Suddenly his eyes rested on stately
Madam Lafayette. It was the first
time in ten years that she had attended
a carnival ball. What did It mean?
Since the death of Gerald, her youngest
son, ten years before, she had not crossed
her threshold to go out into the world.
Gerald had been his dearest friend.
He must hasten to pay his respects to
Madam. And then his eyes fell on the
girl beside her. It was a face like a
wild rose — a face that told its own
story. This was her first carnival ball,
and she was living only in seeing the
others enjoy it. She leaned far over
the railing of the box and kept time
unconsciously with the music of the
waltz. Madam's old place had been
usurped. Ten years ago her box would
have been crowded. Now it was empty,
except for the three — herself, her an
cient brother and the young girl.
Romeo saw at a glance that Madam
regretted having come.
He forgot his ennui In the sudden
scheme that presented itself to his
mind. He would make the little wild
rose enjoy herself. He beckoned to
an usher who knew Madam and con
fided in him. A whispered consulta
tion provided for a possible disap
pointment. Then the sympathetic old
man who had "called out" so many
belles wended his way upstairs to
bring the little wild rose down.
Madam remembered him. Had he
not been on the committee for years?
She presented him to her niece, Eu
genic del Fete. He delivered his mes
sage! He had been commanded by
Romeo of the most noble house of
Montague to come for the young lady
who accompanied Madam. Surely she
would not disappoint so noble a youth
whose evening's pleasure lay in the
prospect of being allowed to honor
her with his attentions. Madam was
Mirror of Dame Fashion
Shown here is a girl's chic frock of bottle green louisine silk,
with inlet front of bodice in xi'hHc, embroidered silk net
over foundation of white si Ik. The crush girdle is of green
panne, fastened with a gilt b uckle. The lower sleetses are of
white embroidered net over silk to match the vest.
association shows that it has the wisdom not to attempt a too in
natural graft of western law abruptly upon Oriental habit in ways
so untried as to be likely to prove impractical. Their plan to model
the control substantially vpon the regulations which T«'P an nas P ut ' n
force in Formosa is a good one. Japan has shown a remarkable
genius for adapting western civilization in ways of which Oriental
ism can be receptive. Her experience wisdom in dealing with
the opium vice will help our authorities in solving the problem before
them. »
•'Ah, Madam, may I not sere
nade my love in your garden
to-night?"
all smiles. The girl rose, half timidly,
playfully tapped by Madam's fan, and
encouraged by Madam's sudden rise
of spirits, to accompany him.
"But this is Buch an unexpected
honor," she murmured to the friendly
old guide, as they descended the steps.
"Believe me, I came only as a specta
tor."
"It is flattering to be singled out in
so much beauty," he replied. "And
Romeo is considered a connoisseur,
mam'selle. The Queen herself would
be gratified at his admiration."
Romeo bowed low before her, and
more than one turned to smile in
dulgently on the contrast they made,
he splendid in lavender velvet and
pink satin, and she so unconscious of
her quaint beauty in her simple white
frock.
"You will dance?" he asked in an
eager voice, that he might have recog
nized ?.s his own ten years ago, but
which now sounded strangely unfa
miliar. "A person with your eyes
couldn't resist that music."
She hesitated, toying with her fan.
He understood her momentary con
fusion.
"It is the privilege of a masker." he
explained quickly, "to pay as many
eomnliments as he wishes so long as
they are true, Juliet. I may call you
Juilet, may I not?"
Between the dances Tom McGrath,
blase bachelor that he wa«j had not
time to realize what was happening to
his heart. Somehow, this girl, with
her soft gray eyes, affected him in a
way he had not been touched for a
long time. An hour ago he was tired
of the world. He was voting the uni
verse a bore and carnival balls In par
ticular a nuisance. Now he was listen
ing — and interested — while the girl
told him about Madam's yellow roses
that were trying to bloom themselves
ARE THE BLONDES
TO DISAPPEAR?
The somewhat startling statement
has been made that the blue-eyed,
golden-haired and light-complexioned
variety of the human race is In the
course of extinction and that within a
few more generations blondes are like
ly to become so rare in the world's
population that they may be looked
upon as curiosities, somewhat as
Albinos are to-day. The blonde type
has been so often chosen by artists
and poets to represent their noblest
conceptions of human beauty that no
one can regard even the bare sugges
tion of its extinction without dismay.
Moreover, some of the world's great
est races and many of its most master
ful personalities have belonged to this
type, and its admirers have sometimes
gone so far as to aver that light com
plexions, and in particularly light
colered eyes, are the favored livery of
the highest genius. v
This is undoubtedly an extreme and
untenable claim, yet it cannot be d«
nied that history shows an extraordi
nary number of men and women of
the first rank in all the higher fields
of intellect who possessed the char
acteristic marks of the blonde, and
this not only In coutnries where the
light type prevails, but also in lands
like Italy, where the general complex
ion of the population is dark. — Suo
cess.
MRS. KENDAL ON KISSING
Mrs. Kendal, the London actress, has
favored a Leeds audience with an
amusing disquisition on kissing. Some
of her dicta on the subject run:
To steal a kiss — Natural.
To buy a kiss— Stupid.
To kiss one's sister — Proper.
To kiss one's wife — An obligation.
To kiss ugly people — An act of gal
lantry.
To kiss an ugly widow — Shows de
votedness.
To kiss a blushing young widow-
Quite another thing.
To kiss your mother-in-law — A sacri
fice. — Chicago News.
WOMEN'S CRUELTY
Mrs. Reginald DeKoven at a dinner
In Washington adverted to cruelty.
"Women can be very cruel," she
said. "Some of them can be very cun
ning, too. Some of them can wound
you so dextrously that before you
know you have been wounded their es
cape is made.
"Once I saw a young woman wound
a slightly older one in that way. She
approached the older one at a ball. She
greeted her with a radiant smile. She
inflicted her wound, and while her vic
tim still thought the wound a compli
ment she walked away. This is what,
in a very loud, clear voice, she said:
" 'Oh, Helen, dear, that perfect gown!
I think it looks lovelier every year.' "—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
to death in the garden in the middle
of March.
"Oh, yes, I remember," he inter
rupted eagerly. "It has been a long
time since I have been to see Madam,
but I remember that garden. The wall
— is it there yet? And is it as steep
as over? Steve and I have sacrificed
many a knee-cap trying to climb over
it."
"It is under the wall that the roses
grow," she began impulsively. "Don't
you remember that little corner where
the wall is grayest with age — "
"There used to be a marble seat
there," he interrupted boyishly. "And
a Cupid with a quiver and a bow."
"Such an old, old Cupid," the girl
laughed softly. "The years have
made him gray."
"That Cupid!" he said. "I should
like to see the old fellow again." He
was looking down into the face beside
him. "You are from Madam's old
home up the river, aren't you?" he
hazarded. "You are going to be here
some time, are you not?" The bach
elor had fled; a little boy was begging
a little girl not to go home for a
while.
"Possibly a month." she replied.
"She is so lonely," with a glance up
toward the balcony, where Madam sat.
"We must show her a better time,"
he whispered. "You and I."
The house was almost deserted.
Far above, in the highest gallery, the
last notes of "Home, Sweet Home,"
were dying away. Romeo, still in his
mask and domino, stooped to kiss
Madam's hand.
"Ah, Madam," he sighed happily.
"May I not serenade my love In your
garden to-night?" Eugenic blushed
and tried to hurry Madam into her
cloak.
"That depends." Madam smiled
jubilantly, fathoming the secret. "That
depends altogether on who you are,
Bir."
"Romeo of the most noble house of
Montague," bowing low, "and much
tormented with love for this maid.
To-morrow night I shall crave ad
mittance at your gate, dear lady."
Madam tapped him with her fan.
"Well — well — well," she laughed, her
old rich melodious laugh. "And I
suppose I shall have to see that you
are admitted, Sir Impudence."
A month later the gray wall was
fairly gilded with yellow roses. Cupid,
with a new washed face, pointed his
bow directly at two persons on the
marble seat. *
"Eugenic," the man whispered, "see
the miracle. My life was that dull,
gray wall. You are the roses that
have glorified It."
"You really love me so much.
Tom?" half wistfully. "You will never
be ttred— "
Cupid, being marble, made no com
ment on the answer that interrupted
her sDeech before it was half finished.
But Madam, from her vantage point
behind the lace curtains in the back
parlor, confided to her knitting
needles:
"He ees th' vairy best catch in Nauw
'Leens."— (Copyright, 1905, by D. C.
McLeod.)
Veteran Sunday School Head.
Harvey Jenkins, who was probably
the oldest Sunday school superinten
dent In New Jersey, has Just resigned
as superintendent of the Middletown
(Monmouth County) Baptist Sunday
school. Jenkins resides at New Mon
mouth, and though he lives two miles
away from the Sunday school he was
one of the moat regular attendants of
the Sunday school services. He has
been the superintendent of the school
for the past fifty years. He is 80 years
old and his resignation was due to
his advanced years.
Townsend'a Cala. ' Glace Fruits, in ar
tistic lire-etched boxes. 10 Kearny st. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042 •
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp
To-day is truly one of fetes, lunch
eons and dinners, which will precede
the Mardi Gras ball. The elaborate
affair of the day is the luncheon to be
given at the St. Francis by Mrs. John
T. Porter and Mrs. Porter Pflngst.
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller will preside at a
dinner to a number of guests. Mrs.
Edward Silburn Eyre will be hostess
at a tea in honor of Mrs. Gertrude
Atherton. -
• • •
An enjoyable bridge party, the last
of a series, was given yesterday by
Mrs. Cullen F. Welty and Mrs. Wil
liam Wood. They have been among
the enthusiastic bridge hostesses of
the year, having offered hospitality In
this line many times.
• • •
Mr*. James Kent and Mrs. Walter
Hale were entertained at a tea yes
terday, given In their honor by Miss
Katherine Hall.
• • •
Miss Cecile Rodgers entertained at
a tea yesterday in honor of Miss
Louise Whitney, of Santa Barbara. In
the receiving party were Miss Whit
ney, Miss Margaret Postlethwaite,
Miss Aileen O'Brien, Miss Blake and
Miss Jessie Moore.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. James Singleton Spil
man gave a dinner last Jhursday
evening at their home on Union street.
The guest of honor was Miss Susie Le
Count, whose engagement to Rev.
David Evans has recently been an
nounced. The table, in daffodils and
orchids, was most artistic in appear
ance. Among the guests were Miss
Susie Le Count, Rev. David Evans,
Lieutenant and Mrs. Slocum, Mr. Hib
bard.
• * •
Mrs. T. B. Brown and Miss Ade
laide Brown are making an Eastern
trip. Mrs. Brown has gone to At
lantic City, while her daughter will
spend part of the time in Washington,
D. C. They will return in a month.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Gerstle were
among the guests at a house party
given over Sunday by Richard Hotal
lng at San Anselmo.
• * •
Mrs. Squire Varrick Mooney i» con
valescing from a severe illness.
A tea will be given this afternoon
from 3 o'clock until 6 in St. Paul's
guildroom, St. Paul's Church, Califor
nia street, near Fillmore, admission 50
cents, the proceeds to be devoted to
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
THE CORCORAN— L. X., Novato,
Cal. The bay and river steamer H. J.
Corcoran is a stern wheeler.
FORK AND SPOON — Subscriber,
Oakland; Cal. It is not considered eti
quette to convey icecream to the
mcuth with a fork, although there is
no law against it.
DIMES— E. W. J., San Jose. Cal. The
only United States dimes that are
worth more than face value are those
coined In 1796. 1797, 1798. 1800, 1801-2-3
4-5-7-9-11-22 and 1848, also for twenty
four coined In the San Francisco Mint
in 1894.
INVENTION— E. R.. City. If you
have invented something, wish to have
it patented, but before doing so wish
to know whether a patent has been
issued for a like invention you can as
oercain that fact by consulting the
patent office reports in the Free Public
Library.
MECHANISM— X. Y. Z.. City. How
a certain stage effect is carried out
could be explained to you by the ma
chinist of the particular theater
The Sunny Side of Life
JOKE WOVT DOWN.
v Bessie — Has your new tailor got a
good business? \ ,
Clarence — Yes, his business is very
pressing. '*
THE GENTLER SEX.
Misa Uglimugge— Beauty is only skin
deep.
Miss Caustique— Why don't you con
sult a taxidermist?
• the "Decoration fund." Besides other
features there will be music by the
Hawaiian Quartet. The committee
is: Mrs. Marmaduke Kellogg,
Roberta Thompson. Mis Borel.
Miss Jessie Fillmore, Mis* Jeanette
Deal, Miss Edith Booker. Mrs. John I.
Sabin. MrV Lawrence Foster, Miss
Sophie Borel. Miss May Foulkes. Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Anna Newlands,
Mrs. :E. D. Bullard, Miss Beatrice Fife,
Miss Elizabeth Cole. Miss Florence
Cole, Mrs. Maxwell Reilly.
Among the Sunday tea hostesses was
Miss Elsie S perry, who invited a few
friends Informally.
Miss Alyce Sullivan entertained at
tea yesterday.
The wedding of Miss" Edith M. Mack
and Charles Brandenstein will be
quietly solemnized on Thursday.
Mrs. M. H. Mlall entertained a large
number of guests in her attractive
studio in the Lionhead building. Sat
urday evening. Music, vocal, piano
and violin, was the leading feature
of the evening. Among the guests were
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Neilsen, Mr. and
Mrs. George Carr, Mr. and Mrs. Regi
nald Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. Marsch.
Dr. and Mrs. Bryant, Mr. and NVa
John Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. Jules
Mersfelder, Miss Eleanor Conneil, Misa
Gertrude Gates. Miss Nnyes. Miss
Florence Ives, Robert Altken. Harry
Mestayer, Philip Paschel, Charles H.
Lombard, Sherrill Schell.
The California Club will lay the cor
nerstone to-day for its new edifice on
Clay street.
The St. Francis was the scene of a
brilliant reception yesterday afternoon
given by Miss Helen Hecht. Two hun
dred and fifty guests were delightfully
entertained by members of the Savage
Opera Company, two of whom were
Miss Gertrude Rennyson and Miss Rita
Newman.
The marriage of Miss Mary Josephine
Nolan and Joseph B. Duggan took
place last evening in St. Mary's Cathe
dral.
This evening sees the marriage of
Miss Miriam Meyerfeld and Eugene
Elkua. the ceremony to take place at
6:30 in Century Hall, Rabbi Voorsanger
officiating.
named. This department has not the
space to give in detail how the effect
asked about Is produced.
FORESTALL — Inquirer. Oakland.
Cal. The word "forestall " is derived
from an old-time practice of waylay
ing a dealer and buying his goods be
fore he could place them on a stall in
the market place.
POSTOFFICE— SeveraI readers. Cttv
Fourth class postofflees are those at
which the receipts are less than
$1900 a year or where the com
pensation of the postmaster does not
amount to $250 per quarter for four
consecutive quarters. Such nost
masters are allowed as compensation
the whole of the box rents collected at
their offices and commissions on can
cellations of matter actually mailed at
their offices and on amounts received
from waste paper, etc., sold as fol
lows: On the first $50 or less per auar
ter, 100 per cent; on the next $100 or
less per quarter, 80 per cent; on the
next $200 or less per quarter. 50 Der
cent; and on all the balance 40 ocr
cent, the same to be ascertained and
allowed by the auditor for the Post
office Department in the settlement of
accounts.
AIX SIZES.
Prospective Employer — Are you
very thoughtful about the little
things?
Applicant (absently) — Well, I'm the
father oX ten kids.
TOOK ANTTHTVG.
Hix— Old man Koyne says he got rich
by saving w\t other people thr«w
away.
Dix— Yes: hut he considers •very
thing not nailed down as thrown away.MARDI GRAS
BALL TO BE A
SPLENDID EVENT
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Light, music, laughter— this foretells
the story <3t the Mardi Gras ball to
right. Gay as never before is the Pal
ace of Art in its gala garb, and when
from out the .thousands of colored
bulbs a flood of light bursts forth, in
all truth will the transition to the pic
turesque pages of the past be com
plete.
To-day the decorators will put their
last deft touches upon the great hall.
where already the pungent odor of pine
fills the air. Ferns and palms are
massed in many effective" places, nota
bly about the beautiful statuary at the
head of the main staircase. Bunting
in all the colors that marked the stir
ring times of Joan of Arc is draped
about the galleries, both in the great
hail and in the Mary Searles gallery.
Here will be the spectacular perfor
mances. Here the famous throne of
the Maid of. Do mre my is erected a
sumptuous affair of velvet drapings
abloom with fleur-de-lis and other pic
turesque appurtenances of the dashing
maid of battle. As yet the identity
of the pink-cheeked, flaxen-haired maid
who is to lose her- identity and become
for the hour the adored of the French
people has not been disclosed by the
astute artist-folk in charge, of whom
P-=rham Nahl is majordomo.
H. J. Breuer, the clever chap who
has evolved the splendid scheme of
decorative art, is to be congratulated
upon the results, for it was only by
dint of thought, study and high ar
tistic conception that so unique and
consistent a result was obtained.
What a brilliant— yet fit— oetting for
retainers of the Maid of Orleans
and her devoted people, who will range
■ich auwns to Mexican beg
gars! It would stem from the vigor
■Ble of tickets that everybody in
nearly in— the mart set is going.
But everybody is to shy. so reticent as
I ails.
That, however, is as it should be,
.se whore's the fun if there are to
or thrills or wee little
nces resulting from ignorance of
Identity?
That's the fun!
WILL PROVIDE
MEMORIAL HOME
Crocker Heirs Make Known
* Wish to Raise Memorial
to Do Honor to Parents
The heirs of Colonel C. F. Crocker
have decided to provide the money to
erect an orphanage at San Mateo on
the grounds of the Bishop Armitage
Orphanage as a memorial to their par
ents. They are orphans and natives
of San Mateo. This makes their ac
tion peculiarly appropriate. No plans
for buildings have been made yet, nor
has any estimate of cost been sub
mitted. The offer was made to the
Armitage ■ Orphanage Corporation.
v.hich is one of the agencies for good
of this Protestant EpißCopal diocese.
A meeting was recently held where the ;
fart was made known, but with the i
pledge that nothing should be made
public at that immediate time.
Bishop Nichols said yesterday that
the present buildings of the Armitage
Orphanage are inadequate for use.
They were formerly occupied as school '
structures. George W. Gibbs gave an
estate of twenty acres with the old
school buildings at San Mateo there
on. Two hundred orphan boys now
rind shelter and education at the Orph
anage.
C. E. Green, co-trustee with Henry
T. Scott of the estate -of Colonel C. F.
Crocker, said that no plan has yet
been submitted. The Crocker heirs
made the suggestion entirely on their
own motion. What the cost of the
proposed memorial would be Mr. Green
had no idea.
The Armitage Orphanage is adminis
tered by a board of trustees and by a
l>nard of lady managers. Of the latter
Mrs. A. Tubbs is the president. Some
< ommunlcations have passed concern
ing the structure to be erected, and
Mrs. TibtM has been very much inter
ested in the plan, which will be of ma
terial benefit to many orphans. Last
evening Mrs. Tubbs said that possibly
v. ithin a week something definite might
be known. In the meantime It is as
certained that a handsome memorial
will be erected as soon as the plans
ere ready and all the considerations in
volved have been settled satisfactorily.
Millinery Opening.
=prin»? yl«« of Imported HaU and "nxiaes
at M" M. 3. Turner's. 221 Pom et., Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday. - •
fvurnrd by a Back Flaeh.
• 'lsus Texan, a fireman employed
et the chemVal works on Ninth and
P.rannan streets, warn severely burned
about the face and forearms yesterday.
T.-xan when applying a light to the
Uek feed* the fu<»l to the engine
■track 1n the facf by what is
term "a back flash." The draught
JnFtead of drawing the fire out of the
'nt it backward. He was treated
rty Dr. Stevens at the Central Emer-
Hospital and afterward removed
- home at 1222 Vi Folsom street.
------Tl« ■««•■■» T«l««»»«. »»».«»««« »»«....».....■
"Once Used Always Used"
Is the verdict of those who have become acquainted
with the virtues and beauties of Lablache Face Pow-
der. It so completely protects the skin against the
unkind attacks of sun and wind- and then repairs and
makes better than new any defects in the complexion,
that every woman of taste considers it her friend for
life.
Lablache Face Powder
Is scientifically prepared. Its peculiar perfume is ex-
tracted from flowers and plants which possess sooth-
ing and healing properties and are also powerfully
antiseptic in their nature. Beware of dangerous coun-
terfeits or substitutes. The genuine bears the sig-
nature of "Ben Levy" in red across the label of the
box. There is none "just as good." If unable to ob-
tain it from your druggist, we will mail you a box on
receipt of 50c. Flesh, white, pink or cream. Addresi
BEN. LEVY Cfb CO., rrench Perfumers,
125 KINGSTON ST., BOSTON, MASS.
TROUBLE A JEALOUS
WIFE CAN
MAKE.
CLEVER GIRL WHO WILL APPEAR
IX 'PINK DOMINOES" TO-NIGHT
AT THE ALHAMBRA.
"Pink Dominoes" will be produced
this evening at the Alhambra Theater
for the benefit of St. John's Church,
Rev. P. D. Brady pastor, and under
the personal supervision and direction
of the Caldwell College of Oratory and
Acting:. "Pink Dominoes" was written
for laughing purposes ana the theme
of the story is along the line of "Are
You a Mason?", •Brown's in Town,"
"The Wrong Mr. Wright," and Hoyt's
pla>;s. The synopsis of the story goes j
to shc-w that what a married man
promises to do and what he actually
does are two different things, espe
cially when he has a Jealous wife to
contend with. 'Pink Dominoes" ia
purely and simply a screaming farce,
composed of many ludicrous and com
plicated situations. It will drive dull
care away.
The cast is composed or the follow
ing well known persona: Homer
Beadle, Arthur Douglass, Frank Mc-
CuJinugh, Paul Atherton. Miss Edna
IfoCluM, Miss Vivian Baldwin, Miss
Pocabontas Cockrell, Miss Talma-Zetta
Henry. MJm Philomene Detweller Miss
Mary Brammall.
Alcazar.
The attraction at the Alcazar The
ater last night was the powerful play,
"The Middleman." by Henry Arthur
Jones. The cozy house was filled with
a delighted audience, which showed its
appreciation of the efforts of the cap
able stock company by repeated calls
before *the curtain after the close of
each act. John Craig, as Cyrus Blen
karn, inventor of the Tetlow pottery
were, holds the center of the stage
throughout. He gave a finished and
artistic characterization of the dreamer
who is suddenly awaked to tfce stern
realities of life and the cry for re
venge by the discovery of the shame
of his beloved daughter. Mary, brought
upon her by the son of the man who
had grown wealthy through his inven
tion. His prayer for revenge and the
discovery of the lost art were bits of
realism that stamped him as a true
artist. Luke Conness, as Joseph
Chandler, the capitalist and owner of
the porcelain works, was effective.
Harry S. Hilliard, as Julian Chandler,
was manly and convincing, and John
B. Maher made a hit as Jesse Pegg,
the lovesick workman. John Davies
was excellent as Batty Todd. Miss Lil
lian Lawrence, as Mary Blenkarn,
played the part with her usual charm,
and Miss Elizabeth Woodson, as her
sister. Xancy, was clever and scored a
success. The other parts were well
sustained. The piece is well staged.
Appeal Court Decisions.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals handed down opinions yes
terday in three cases as follows:
La Conner Trading and Trnasporta
tion Company vs. J. M. Widmer,
Washington — Decree of District Court
affirmed. Tyee Consolidated Mining
Company vs. Ernest Langstedt, Alas
ka — Judgment reversed, and judgment
ordered for plaintiff. German Savings
and Loan Society vs. William L. Tull.
Lucius B. Xash, Lucius G. Nash and
Ernest B. Tull, Washington--Judg
ment modified and affirmed, Judge
Morrow dissenting.
The court adjourned until May 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MARCH 7, 1905.
SEAMEN HONOR
BIRTH OF ONION
Members of International
Organ ization Celebrate
Twentieth Anniversary
3IAXY MARCH IN PARADE
Hold Exercises in Lyric
Hall and Most Well Known
Labor Leaders Are Present
The twentieth anniversary of the or
ganization of the Sailors' Union of the
Pacific was celebrated in a befitting
manner last ni&ht by the members of
the International Seamen's Union of
America. Twenty years ago the union
was organized by a few men on Fol
som street dock, and now it has grown
to be one of the foremost organizations
in the labor field.
The event was observed by a parade
and exercises at Lyric Hall. The pa
rade was made up of the different
branches of the Seamen's Union, which
included the Pacific Coast Marine Fire
men's Union, Cooks' and Stewards' As
sociation of the Pacific Coast. Fisher
men's Protective Union, "Bay and
River Men of California and the mem
bers of th» Sailors' Union.
More than a thousand men assem
bled at the headquarters of the Sallor3'
Union at Mission and East streets,
formed into line and marched down
East street to the Folsom-street dock
—the place where the fathers of the or
ganization assembled and formed the
Sailors' Union. There three cheers
were given, whereupon the line coun
termarched and went out Market street
to Lvrlc Hall, where the exercises were
held.
The parade, as it marched along
Market street, nresented a striking ap
pearance. Stalwart men of the sea,
dressed in blue uniforms, with white
jackets, carried torches. Colored fire
works were sent into the air as the
line moved along.
At Lyric Hal! Walter Macarthur, ed- i
itor of the Coast Seamen's Journal,
acted as president of the evening and
made the opening address. He told in- ■
terestingly of the history of the organ
ization and its growth during the last
twenty years, predicting a bright fu
ture. Music was discoursed by a band,
and the Knickerbocker Quartet ren
dered several selections.
Other speakers who addressed the
gathering were: W. J. French, presi- j
dent of the Labor Council: A. O. Tveit- j
moe; R. Wisler, . secretary of the San :
Francisco Labor Council; H. W. Hut- '
ton; C. J. Harrington, vice president of
the International Seamen's Union of :
America; Thomas E. Zant and D. Me- |
Lennon.
All labor organizations are now mov- !
ing forward on the Japanese question.
It is the unanimous expression of all
that something should be done by the
Federal Government to include the Jap
in the exclusion act. At the last meet- I
ing of Machinists' Lodge No. 68 a
strong resolution was unanimously
passed urging the measure prohibiting
a genera! influx of the little brown men
into this country. After spending a
few weeks in this city studying the in- ;
tercets of tho International Brother- I
hood of Blacksmiths, Third Vice I
President James J. McDade has left
for the south. He was last heard from j
in Arizona looking after the interests i
of his association in that place.
President P. H. McCarthy, who has
returned from an extended Eastern
trip, is now on an official visit to Peta
luma, where his counsel is desired in
connection with matters appertaining
to members of the Building Trades
Council, which is affiliated with the
central body in this city.
A^ Mountain View on last Saturday '■
night a new local union was started i
with a good membership, and more ap- j
plications were left with the secretary
for action. The new local was set in i
motion by District Organizer John P. I
Horgan of this city. After the election !
and installation of newly made officers /;
8 banquet followed in honor of the
event.
A pleasant time was spent by the
local Journeymen Tailors' Union in So- i
cial Hall, Alcazar building, last night
upon which occasion the second annual
ball was held.
■♦ » .
MAY FESTIVAL \VTLIi
BE A GREAT SUCCESS
Elaborate Arrangements Are Being j
Made for the Grand Vocal
Concert.
Preparations for the May festival to i
be held in the Mechanics' Pavilion are
reported as advancing in a most satis
factory manner. The committee \in
charge met yesterday and decided to
change the original seating arrange
ments jso that more space may be af
forded the singers. It was announced
that a few more voices would be added
to the chorus ; provided their owners
enrolled their names by Friday night.
Manager William H.Cllne of the
Innes band, which is to furnish instru
mental music for the festival, arrived
from the East yesterday and con- j
ferred with the executive committee, ;
with whom he agreed that the out- j
look for the success of the event ■ is
most favorable. : \
■■ « ♦ » :: — .■':■■ -■-■ .
MARRIAGE FOLIX)WS FEW
MONTHS' HAPPY COURTSHIP
Miss Emma Stouter of San Lieandro
Becomes Bride of O. Benja
min Wihr.
A courtship of several months ter
minated happily several nights ago,
when Miss Emma G. Stouter, a belle
of San Leandro, was claimed In mar
riage by C. Benjamin Wihr of this city, j
The wedding ceremony was celebrated \
at the home of the groom, Rev. Dr.
E. Nelander officiating, and was.fol
lowed by a supper, at which a host of
friends of the young couple bestowed
their congratulations.
Mr. and Mrs. Wihr are soon to leave '
on their honeymoon trip, which will
end In the East, where they will per
manently reside. C. Benjamin Wihr is
widely known in this city, where he has
been connected with The Call for sev
eral years.
J C. STUBBS IS STllili
WITH HARRIMAN LINES
Liocal railroad circles were greatly
agitated yesterday over a report,
emanating from some mysterious
6ource, that J. C. Stubbs, director of j
traffic of the Harriman lines, had
signified his intention to retire at an
early date from his present respons
ible position.
The fact that a similar report was
in circulation when Director Stubbs
was here recently caused many yes
terday to believe that there might be
some truth In the story. Last night,
however, in an interview in Chicago,
Director Stubbs emphatically denied
the report and added that he had
made no statement that would give
rise to the idea that he had ever con
templated retiring.
CHEAT TALKS
OF REVIVALS
Eminent Clergy at Y. M. C. A.
Discuss Religious Fervor
Throughout the Country
PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY
Divines to Speak at Four
Separate Places in City
Beginning This Morning
There was an immense gathering of
clergymen yesterday at the Young
Men's Christian Association when the
eminent divines who are conducting
the evangelistic revival in Oakland de
livered addresses on the work accom
plished in various cities.
The Rev. H. H. Bell, D. D., of the
United Presbyterian Church presided,
and with him on the platform were
the Rev. George W. White, pastor of
Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
and the Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor of
Howard Presbyterian Church. Dr.
John Samuel Macintosh, president of
the San Francisco Theological Semin
ary, was first called upon to speak.
He gave a vivid description of the
recent revival in Los Angeles, which
was the greatest religious movement
he had ever witnessed.
Dr. Macintosh described it as a
whole hearted union of the Christian
forces of the city.
The results that followed were rriar
velous, for hundreds of men — men of
affairs, clerks and workingmen — truly
yielded themselves up to the Saviour.
The Rev. Charles Stelzle followed
with a few words in connection with
his special work among the working
men, he himself being a member of
the Machinists' Association, having
worked in the shops in New York
prior to becoming a clergyman.
Dr. Robert F. Coyle told of the re
markable revival in Denver, of the
presence of the Mayor of the city and
other prominent men at the meetings.
There the largest auditorium had been
crowded, theaters had to be hired,
and even then the meetings were
overflowed until the people, disap
pointed at not being able to obtain
admission, marched through the
streets. All grades of society and all
denominations, he said, were moved.
Strong men came to the platform,
throwing themselves on their knees,
some on their faces, calling on God
for mercy.
Dr. Coyle said it was not emotion
but a response of soul to the truth of
the Gospel. He described the march
of over 2000 people through the ten
derloin district singing hymns and
winning converts.
Dr. J. Wilbur Chapman, Rev. John
H. Elliott and Rev. Henry Ostrom also
spoke on revival and showed its power
for good in all the cities they had
visited.
There are to be meetings to-day in
San Francisco at which the evangelists
will speak. At 10 o'clock this morn
ing the first meeting will be held at
the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh; at noon a mass meeting
at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, for "Busy Men and Women"; at
2:30 at Calvary Presbyterian Church,
Fillmore street, corner of Jackson,
and at 7:30 to-night at the First Pres
byterian Church, Post and Mason
streets.
The convention committee of the
Christian church met yesterday and
received glowing reports from the
East, showing that San Francisco may
prepare for a large assemblage of
delegates next August. The special
trains thus far have been named as
follows: The Chicago special will be
named: "The Christian Century"; the
St. Louis special, "The Christian
Evangelist," and the Pittsburg, "The
Christian Worker."
POLICE CAPTURE CHINESE
GAMBLING PARAPHERNALIA
Sergeant Cook Raids House Where
Mongolians Were Preparing to
Open for Business.
The police believe they upset the
plans of a Chinese gambling club as it
was about to open for business. Ser
geant Cook, with his squad of men,
raided the rooms on the top floor of a
building at 637 Jackson street and
c.iptured a gambling outfit. The pa
trol wagon was backed up against the
door and the outfit was carried away
to the Hall of Justice, where it will be
held as evidence.
The outfit contained packages of
blank lottery tickets which are used
In playing Chinese lottery. It is not
thought that any games had been run
ning at this place from the appear
ance of the rooms. It is thought that
the Mongolians were getting ready to
open for business in a few days.
Grocery Man Loses Sugar.
Henry Walking, the proprietor of a
grocery at 566 Fourth street, is minus
four sacks of sugar, which he had
just purchased yesterday and brought
to the front of his store in his de
livery wagon. Walking left his horse
standing in the street while he stepped
into his store. When he returned the
hrrse and wagon were gone. Thinking
that the animal had moved off on its
own account he searched about the
neighborhood without finding it. In
an hour or so two boys living in the
vicinity who found the horse and
wagon standing on Golden Gate ave
nue and Laguna street returned to
the store and gave an account of their
find. The sugar had disappeared from
its place. The supposition is that a
sneakthief saw a chance and drove
off with the wagon.
One trouble with many a self-made
man is that the part he talks with is
out of proportion to the part he
thinks with.
NEW ADVIiKTISJEMJENTS;
Dandruff Is a contagious disease caused by a microbe.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kills the Dandraff derm." -
■ lift? TUT DADKnM' comes while life »illl remains In the follicles, the
t»B ffVb I fit WWII hair is treed from disease and begins Its natural
Newtro's Herplclde can come too late. If the growth a?aln. Don't neglect dandruff or falling
dandruff microbe has destroyed the * hair follicles •. hair. Wonderful results follow the use of Herpl*
and left the scalp bald and shining all remedies ire | ' clde. It Is an exquisite ) hair dressing. Stops
worthless.' But,; Ilk* the pardoa. If Herplclde- s Itching of the scalp instantly. ; : . 
CJOIN&l GOINGS! GONE Ml
BESPicioc wNi un It. lOPICIBE mi uvi it. " too Un raa IWWCIDL
Oru« Stores, $1 00. Send 10c.. maps, to MEMHC(O€ CO., Sept R. Detroit, Kiel)., for a saapia.
" APPI.ICATIOirS AT PROM XVfJlvrr BABBEB S»OP8.
ITALIAN PICKS
WRONG WOMAN
Obeys Countryman's Direc
tion to Choose Wife and
Selects Latter's Spouse
FIGHT IS THE RESULT
Wpuld-Be Benedict Loses
an Ear in His Efforts to !
Get Away From Assailants
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JERSEY CITY, N. J. Mar. 6— Nicolo
Palino, twenty-six years of age, was
taken to the home of Joseph Tavino
and introduced to the two women of
the household in the following fashion:
"Palino, these are my wives."
"I'll buy one," Palino replies.
Tavino assented. The money was
put on the table and Tavino left the
room feeling confident that Palino
would select the younger woman. Up
on his return he found Palino with his
arms around the elder woman's neck
while the latter was struggling to es
cape. "Here, let go," cried Tavino,
"That's my wife."
"So is th« other," cried Palino.
"No, she's my sister-in-law, Just ar
rived from Italy, and I thought you
would choose her." answered the wife
broker.
"A bargain is a bargain," replied Pa
lino, "and I'll just take this one."
He attempted to drag Mrs. Tavino by
force. The husband interfered and a
general fight ensued. Mrs. Tavino
grabbed an ax, the husband a razor
and the sister-in-law a broom. Palino
took a flying leap through a window
on a third story, but lost part of his
ear, Tavino managing to make a skill
ful cut with the razor. Mr. and Mrs.
Tavino were arrested.
TETRAZZINI ACHIEVES
SUCCESS AT THE PALACE
Thrills a Vast Assemblage With the I
Sweet Notes of Her Voice in
Operatic Selections.
Madame Tetrazzini received a wel- |
come at the Palace Hotel last evening !
that will probably be cherished by her
as one of the most notable events in
her career as an operatic singer. ♦
It is estimated that at least 2500
people, among whom were many of
San Francisco's most fashionable so
ciety folks, attended the concert in the
court of the big hostelry last night to
listen to the sweet voice of the popu
lar singer, whose marvelous vocal i
power was put to a severe test. Al- j
though the Palace court was not con- !
structed thirty years ago with any j
particular regard for acoustics, it was
demonstrated last evening that It is I
well adapted for concert purposes, for
Madame Tetrazzini's voice seemed to
reach the outermost parts of the palm
garden with a clearness that fairly
surprised many critics who were
among the auditors.
Her first rendition was Verdi's
"Caro Nome," from "Rigoletto," and
resulted in a demonstration of en
thusiasm that only ceased when she
reappeared on the balcony of the first
floor and sang an encore. Tosti's
"Serenata" was received in a similar
manner and an encore was demanded
before the vast audience would permit
I Madame Tetrazzini to retire. The pro
j gramme of the evening was given
under the direction of Louis E. Schoe
niger and was a great success through- '
out. At its conclusion Madame Tetraz
zini was the guest of Colonel J. C. i
| Kirkpatrick, manager of the hotel,
i who, in recognition of her generous j
.offer to sing, presented her with 'a j
handsome diamond necklace as a
token of appreciation.
LOW RATES TO DENVER.
Santa Fe Makes Reduction In Fares.
The Santa Fe has arranged for a se
ries of excursions to Denver and return
at rate of one fare for the round trip.
These will take place in July, AugTi'st
and September. During these months
meetings of the Epworth League. Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, American Osteo
pathic Association and Grand Army of
the Republic will be held in Denver. Del
egates to these meetings can go by the
Santa Fe and see the Grand Canyon of
Arizona — easily the greatest sight in
America, and only reached by Santa Fe.
Ask for dates of sale and particulars
at 663 Market street, Santa Fe Office,
San Francisco. •
"THE LIGHT ETERNAL,"
IS SPLENDIDLY GIVEN
Members of Senior Dramatic Club of
Santa Clara College Present Play
at Alhambra Theater.
"The Light Eternal" was splendidly
given last night at the Alhambra The
ater by the members of the Senior Dra
matic Club of Santa Clara College. A
large audience greeted the players and
much appreciation was shown for the
able manner in which they handled
their parts, as their acting displayed
all the indications of veterans.
Gerald P. Beaumont in the role of
Pancratius shows that he possesses
much dramatic talent, as his inter
pretation of the character was admir
able. John J. Ivancovich as Diocle
tian, Emperor of Rome, was very good
and his work was recognized by the
audience. George A. Casey and Wil
liam John did themselves justice in
their parts.
Try the United States Laundry. 1OO«
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
TO WAR UPON PEST
SAN JOSE, March 6. — The Super
visors this morning made an appropri
ation of $500 to be used by the County
Entomologist in conducting experi
ments to discover, if possible, the best
methods of fighting and exterminat
ing the orchard V>est, thrlps.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
I A piano of su- 1 |
I I perior tone qual- | |
- I ity. rere^dura- | |
I A piano general 1 . |
perior tone qual-
; ity, re re dura-
bility and general
■ merit.
I N Praised alike | |
II by the master | |
I player and his 1 |
1 audience. I 1
j| We are Vose U
agents
BwICURTAZWon
I6.OT«iTeIISt.SJ? |
sanJo><-fllnm«da;fVtiDg H
TO REDUCE STOCK
WE OFFER OUK
ENTIBE XaXSCE OP
SECTIONAL FILEGASES
jflpj jjSSF pp @j[o||| on niyo
iV [mi itf rjilrii' l.s^fc— H ML. *W f\J
9il 9 II ■• I«* |LO I
" JvJr ~ ■ discount
|ifltr ? | W* *f ■ and
(_ ■^■- — — FLAT
[rcff^wjj j—^i^j fLfcjtaaJ 9sq Ll 1 1 Cn
®I^]B CABINETS
GEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.
646-650 MISSION STREET.
P«l« r a DON'T FAIL TO
lalatV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fin room, the EMPIRE
auu PaRLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR.
uiuiiu LOR, and the LA
D j. A I M DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room -
yffiVDEWEr,STROHG&CO,>gV
ODEWEY.STRONG &Co. it^??V
patents! J
J^a^33o MARKET ST.Sf.^^
j AMUSEMENTS;
MECHANICS' PAVU.IOIT. \
•To-day at 3:15. To- night at 8: 18.
NORRIS & HOWE'S
NEW BIQ SHOWS
CIRCUS, MENAGERIE
MUSEUM, HIPPODROME
Just Twice Larger than Ever Before
:2-BING8 cL EE T VV A TEEINGS-2T E EINGS-2
A NEW CIRCUS THROUGHOUT -
igEWIC ARTISTS AND ANIMAL ACTORS
Admission — Adults.. 25c; Children. 13c Re-
served Seats Now Selling at Pavilion.
HMD! A LEADING WiiS
vULUIfIPIA LEADING MAidi
SECOND WEEK.
GRAND OPERA
Henry W. Savage's Famous . .
ENGLISH GRAND OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT ............. LA BOHEICB
WetlneEflar ....'. T»O"VATORE
Thursday TAHHSATTSSS
Friday .'. ..:"....... 1^- BOHEM3B
Saturday Matinee . . .... TASKHAUSEB
I Saturday Hi*ht ..:. . . . TBOVATOBJB
Sunday (by request) ...... LOSEHGRIIT
PRICKS to 50c.
NEXT WEEK- Cavallerla Rustlcana,
Pajrllaccl, etc. . •=' - . .
'-'■ TONT LUBELBKI. General Manager.
PEOPLE'S
OFUJLMR
RICES...
' During ' the " week - ■ beginning . MONDAY,
March 6, OUR DAILY MATINEES to 111 1 |p.
any part of th« house ...... ... ..... . ■ \J\*
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE
! Our Performances ' are" the Talk of the Town.
. , ' Refined, ■. Moral ; and Select Attractions. .'
KATXJTES * EVERT ATTEKHOOU. 2 30.
** Evening, 7:30 and 9:CO.
*■'*-•'■ '". Evenings. 10c and 20c. --
» This Week's Attractions^ — Tom Mack Roseoe
& . Sims, Edwards ' Duo. * Rose & Ellis. NeS . A
Miller and other Eastern artist*.* ♦ ■■ ■ ■
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
' Season Sale Opens TO-MOEROW.
M^k EUGEN d'ALBERT
&m( amr'Jm The Greatest 1 111 *
fJR^ Ptantst.
V;-.' -<\.Jis Tuesday and Thursday
2 ' JkSKImL- Evenings, March 14
wjgf^f^tl J^^'^SlL. Saturday Afternoon.
>«£*§|l|&lHifP^ B«a.«on Tickets, 36.00,
$4 50. 83.75, $8.35
Sinsrle : Seats, $2.50, $3.00. $1«O, '; $1.00
' . READY SATURDAY t»
r^ Box Office. Sherman. Clay :& * Co.'s. -' where
' complete : ; programmes -may be ' obtained. "
AMUSE3IESTS.
GRAND °hhoh p ooo e u r s£
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
' TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
KOLBapDILL
AND THEIR OWN COMPANY.
In a New and Uo-to-Pate Edition of I
Judeon C. Rrusie'-* Musical Absurdity.
I-O-U
SEE THE FAMOUS MAORI DANCE.
POPULAR PRICES. 25e. 50c, Tsc
GRAND OPERA
At the GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, under th« di-
rection of MR. KEINRICH CONRIED and by
his entire company : of 250 artists from th«
METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE. New York.
9 EVENUraS A2TD 3 MATUTEES
BEGI^r^INO THURSDAY ETG, APS. 9
CONCLUDING SAT'BD'TEVa, APS. 14
The Repertoire will Include:
parsifal. KIGOLirrTO. CAVALLERIA
RUSTICAXA and I'PAGLIACCI. UES HUG-
UENOTS. LUCIA. LA GIOCONDA. DIB
FLEDERMAUS and DIE MEISTERSINGER.
SCHEDULE or PRICES
FOR THE SERIES OF 12 PERFORMANCES:
Proscenium Boxes, seating; 6 .#750.00 •
Palco Boxes, seating 8 »7'>0.00
Top Proscenium Boxes, seating 6....5330.00
Orchestra Floor Boxes, seating 9 $U50.00
ORCHESTRA AND DRESS CIRCLE.
183. 00, 134.00. $76.50, $67.00.
FAMILY CIRCLE, first threw rows. $31.00;
other rows. $42.00.
TOP FLOOR first two rows. $30.00: otaer
rows. $27.00.
.'Applications for boxes and Mats for - th«
entire season, with lnclcwure of check or money
order, will now be received by Charles W.
trine, care of Grand Opera-house. These ap-
plications will be filed STRICTLY In the order
' of ttnlr receipt, and allotment of seats will b«
made as near the desired location as possible.
All subscription orders and other ' commu-
nications should be addressed to Charles W.
Strln*. Grand Opera-house, San Francisco.
T>le phon» Main 6930. Weber Piano Used.
Ii OHXT KATZBTBi: SATURDAY.
LAST rrVE WIGHTS.
Of Franz Yon Suppe's Sparkling Comlo
Opera,
I BOCCACCIO
J WE XT SXTETOAT NI3HT
I Pixley and Luder*s Merriest Musical
Comedy.
J THE BURGOMASTER
Seats Vow Sellinsr.
■I f«fAL Tl\ !A PRICES
MABEL McKINLEYj
Peach* off Company; Willy »mmerr-.ann;
Mallory Brothers. Brooks and Kalli-
day; Panl Powell's Electric 'Marion-
ettes; Piwltt; Brothers Xossi; Alpine
Family, and Orpheuai Motion Pictures,
Shewing- Scuta* Around 21 ew York.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
. day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25c
; and 50c.
> CALIFORNIA
I Edward Ackerman, Lessee & Manager, S
ALL Tlilif WEEK j
DAVID HARUM!
§ THE HORSE-TRADE COMEDY. |]
I \VM. H. TURNER as David jj
fl Next Sunday— Creston Clarke in the I
v|3 Richard Mansfield stage version of I
J.t " Booth Tarklngtcn's splendid romance, I,
N "Mons. Beauoaire.'" H
H. I Coming-MAKQABJET AITQ&Xg I (!
m
\ ALCAZAR M «r
ALCAZAK E p D p Pi£
General Manager.
I TO-HIOKT — MATS. SAT. * STJITDAT
The Tremendously Powerful Play.
THE MIDDLEMAN
\7lllard's Chief Triumph — The Art Pottery.
/ The. Furnace Seene — Th« Labor Question. 4
Evgs./25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 330 to 300
i I NEXT MONDAY — First Time, In San Fran.
Cisco of Virginia Harned's Success <
ALICE OF OLD VINCENNES
Founded upon th« Popular Romance.
SOOK — The Seal "OLD HZSmSXBBXO"
CENTRAL'^
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— THIS "WEEK WITH MATI-
NEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
The greatest laugh producer of th» age,
Hoyfs merry comedy,
A TEXAS
STEER
I The rreat political satire. ; An unceaats*)
amount of wholesome fun. The play
that has set the world Aglmtle.
1 ! PRICES— Eve., 10c to 50c. ; Mats.. 10c. ISo, 23«
!l - . NEXT— "FAUST." - ' ;•
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
Evening 1 in the Theater.
SEETHE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
CHARLES BIONST. World's Champion Hick
" Diver.
R.HDH3 ON"
THE CIRCLE SWING.
. Amateur Hlarht Thursday.
ADMISSION ...... 10c i CHILDREN. 5c
fiacii! *&& Baclig!
New >*TyT Jockey
California P^ Club
OAXULNS TSAOZ.
> $1000 HABTDICAP. to be run Wednesday,
March 8.. BELL STAKES, 32 C00 add-
ed, to be> run Saturday, Maxell 11.
| Racing 1 j Every "Weekday, Kain or Shia*.
Kacss start at 2:15 p. m sharp..
. For* special trains stopping .at the; track
take S. P. Ferry, foot or Market street, at'
12:001 2:3«, 1:00. '.1:30 or ":CO. Returning
trains I»av<t.the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. tn.
• and Immediately after th-» laat race.
.-■- THOMAS H. WIIiUAMS. President.
I -: PEHCY W. TBBAT. Secretary.
1 WEEKLY CAUL; f 1.00 FES YEAa,
910
SUNNY SHORE, WITH WRIGHT UP, WINS AT LENGTHY ODDS
FIVE CHOICES MEET DEFEAT
Glendenniii£ Finishes in
Front of Sir Preston and
Bell Keed.
CELEBES SHOWS SPEED
Downpatriek Leads a Good
Field Past Wire at Re
munerative Odds.
FRED E. MULLHOLAND
funny Shore, from the stable of
Jere Dunn, quoted at the mellow price
of SO to 1, came through at a bargain
•ale held In the mile and a furlong
selling event at Oakland yesterday.
The little Halma gelding begins. like
a summer zephyr and finishes like a
cyclone, and at the distance and in
the company looked to possess an un
u'niable chance. When the early in
vestors got through a thorough search
of the ring failed to disclose anything
better than 15 to 1. "Puss" Wright
had the mount on the outsider and he
■-•rtainly made no mistakes. Meister
f r.ger showed the way for a mile, then
unostentatiously retired. The Fretter
then looked a winner for a moment.
But he quit and it resolved down to a
be;wpv-n Flaunt and Sunny
, in which the latter came out
victorious by nearly a length in
. Sunny Slope, the dam of the
winner, was a famous race mare and
»Tte of her son appeared to be a
popular one.
Favorite players did not spend a
very pleasant afternoon. Of the six
public t hoices Glcndenning alone
earned brackets. Fine weather drew
-• crowd.
'Big Bill" Knapj', on Mary F, favor
it for the t\vo-y< j ar-old dash at three
•. half furlong?, succeeded in get
.way from the barrier very poorly
and finished third. Mcßride. with his
i ustomary alertness, shot out in the
l«*ad with .wonalis. an s to 1 chance,
winning all the way. Isabeau. the
mount of Ltmn, ran second, less than
a length ahead of the favorite.
i/eleres with E. Walsh in the saddle
raj'tured the five-furlong scramble for
,^n three and four year olds. The
Alaxir. colt ruled a 6econd choice in the
snd won easing up from the T to
rorite Phalanx. Ethel Barrymore
i, red perceptibly after displaying aj
- turn of speed, running a good
third.
Everything seemed to favor Glen
denning. and the chestnut sprinter
d up a clever winner of the flve
\g selling run. Bell Reed was
rt turned sideways at the start by
FMmborough. and Sir Preston ran
ted f>n the rail for nearly a quar
a mile. All this time Glenden
had clear sailing and in front and
finished nearly three lenpths in ad
vance of Sir Preston at the wire. Bon
r.nally managed to land in the
•vith Bell Reed.
Well played at 3^ to 1, the mile and
yard selling affair turned out to
.y a pipe opener for Harry Beck.
Mcßride hustled the old gelding into
the leading position early in the game,
and he breezed home ahead of Redwald
and Silurian. Rey Dare, ridden by
Bonner. was almost backed off the
boards, but failed to show any alarm
ing amount of speed.
Probably Downpatrick has been un
der estimated. In the betting on the
concluding mile purse run the three
year old's odds were hammered down
at the last from 10 to 414, and he was
ik < headed at any stage of the race.
-'.way defeated Toledo for place
honors. The latter home had first call
In the betting once, but later there
was a decided slump In his stock, 2^
to 1 going beggin. Squire Johnson,
the post favorite, ran well for six fur
longs, when he was done.
TRACK NOTFTS
Mcßride piloted three winner*.
The reinstatement of Buchanan by
the Western Jockey Club yesterday
wajs a gratifying pk-ce of news to the
California rider's many friends.
Smith a Clever Golfer.
SAN DIEGO. March 6. — In the open
golf championship tournament for
Southern California to-day at Coro
nado, Alexander Smith of Glen Cove.
L. 1., made the best score, both for
and eighteen holes, scoring 72.
Walter Fairbanks of Denver, who won
the amateur championship for South
ern California at Los Angeles, Feb
ruary 22. made a score of 83. but was
tied by Jim Maiden of Youngstown.
Ohio, and Arthur Rigby of Lo? An
geles, both of whom are professionals.
A Book Full of Facts About j
Dr, Mclaughlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men
I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A WEAKLING : BECAUSE" HE WANTS vi
TO. lam sure ttiat you want to overcome every indication of early decay that ba«
(■hewr, itself on you. I don't think the man lives who would not like to feel a* big ;
an<J strong as .1 Ssandow. and I know that If you , have a reasonable foundation to
build upon I can make you a^blgger man than you tver hoped to be I want you to •
know that. you, who cant believe it, and I want you to have mv book, in which I
describe how I learned that manly rtrength.was cnly electricity and how I learned to
restore. It; also I want to tell you the namee of 5; me men who will tell you that '!
when they came to me they ttere physical wrecks and are. now among the finest' spe-
cimens of physical manhood. V ■
A HAPPY MAN.;:
- DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I have now been wearing you^ijeK'about '•
« month and I wish you to report that the Belt nan benefited me in every wav so '
that to-day 1 feel like a new man. My back does not trouble any more my nerves' are '•
etronger and my sleep Is better than It has been before in years. I want to thank you '
for the benefits I have derived from your method of treatment, and with kindest re- ' i
rards I remain, yours very truly, jMimg;- ED HAYSING.
I want you to read this. book and learn , the trutn about my arguments. If you !
are not as vigorous as you would like to be, ; if you .have rheumatic pains, week kid- '
n»ye. loss cf vitslitv. prostatlc torublen,' nervous spells,; varicocele or any ailment of "■
that kind that unmans you. It would assure you .future happiness if you > would 'look '
Into this method of mini- Don't delay It. r your best days are "lipping. by. -If you want I '■■''■
thU book I »end it closely, sealed, free. if you send th£ ad. Call* for free consultation.
DR. M. C. McL AIC HI IN *> c MARKET ST., Above suit, :
• Office Hours— B a. m. to 8 p. .m.: Sunday*.'. 10 to I. ■' < ■■'.',
V
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
(iMvI.AM), Monday, March 6. — Weather fine. * Track fast. ' ■
7077. FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; purse; maidens; 2-y. -a fillies; first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. % . 4. %• Str. , Fin.. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7965 Avonalis ,nei Rio Stable) ...|IOB 1 . ." 77. 1241 241 3 !m<.' Bride .. 8 6
7!«5 Isabeau (Pattcißcn it Co.) ... IC9 2 .:. ... " n 2 l'-.'J % Larsen'.... 3, '--3
7965 Mary F. (W. B. Jennings) .. 1»S'1O S % , r i 1• 8 1 \V. Knapp.. 7-0 9-5
7941 April's Pride (V. Gilbert) ...|tO8(B s*» 0l"4 h iAlarie .... 10 10
7917 I. Catherine (D. Zeiinsky) .. 108 6 3 ii •'.! 1 5 24:P.onner .... 15 16
Kitten iHa-»* * Co.) 108 11 ... ...: 01716 1 (Bell ....... 30 100
7&K5 ladoia (Mr». L. Harris) .... 108 9 7 n 527 3 ';Traver» ... 60 100
7881 Dora Gentry <Stanfield) .. . jIOS 3 ... ... 0»i 4 4 81 1 .T. Clark .. 20 " 25
<■'! . F'rrt UTk* (P. McAullffe) . .Mrs 7 10 2 10 9 J.Jones... 20 40
7»41 Canopa (H. Stover) .... l<i? S 11 11 10 Huffman .. 20 75
7965 jSemllune (W. Roche) JIGS] 4 ... ... 4 1 4!) 211 |Birkenruth 10 15
Time. :234. :«2. At post 8 minute*. Off at 2:17. Avonalis, place, 5-2; show,* 1. Isabeau,
piace, 1, Ehow, 1-2. Mary, s-how. 2-5.' Winner, blk. f. , by St. Avonicus-Phypalis.
Trained by O. A. Blanchi. Scratched— Soledad. Start poor. Won easily. Balance driv
ing. Winner enjoyed excellent racing luck. Away better Mary F. would have won.
Lady. Catherine quit. Kitten closed strong and Is fast. - I, . . > .. :,
««7K. SECOND — Five furlongs; purse; maidens; 3 and 4 year olds: value first, »325.
Index! Horse and Owner. ' IWt|St. 54 . H- %• Str. Fin. j ; Jockey. :. j Op. " Cl.
70C0 .Celere?, 3 (Martin & Co.) ..10*' 6 ... 4 h 2 3 1 n 11% E. Walsh... 5-2 11-5
7960 IPhalanx. 3 (.Molero & Joerph) 105 9 ... 0 1%8 %(32 .2 8 ißlrkenruth ) 7-5 7-5
7857 K. Barrymore, 3 (J. Dunn) .. '06 8 ... 2 142 142 'i 311 : Wright .... 10 10
7960 Neva Lee. 3. (Nevada Stable) 05 7 ... C 4 4 2 4 Vi 4 4 IT. Clark ... 15 16
7867 San Jose, 3 (G. W. Wilson).. ' 105 3 ... 5 n 74 72 5n Bonner .... 25 25
7887 Norinne. 3 (Napa Stock Farm) 05 4 ... 3 h 6% 5 h 6 % G. Bullman 100 100
7U52 Duplex. 3 (J. Touhey) .. 90 1 ... 11 Iri 3 1 7 6 W. Knapp.. 6^ •..-■6
. . Budget. 4 (C. E. Farnum) . . 104 10 ... 10 510 5 91 84 Jones . 10 60
7682 Pousse Cafe, 3 (V.'. Roche) 962 ... 8h 9210 4 »3 lEarnshaw .. 100 100
. ... ißubiquet. 3 (Van Gordon) ....104 11 ... 11 11 11 10 4 8e11....... 30 60
7938 Harlem Sailor, 4 (Eckert) ,108! 6... 7n 6n 82 11 Alarle 50 100
Time, :2A., :4SJ«i. 1:01. At post l\i minutes. Off at 2:40. Celerea. place, 7-10; »how, 2-6.
Phalanx, place, 1-2; show, out. Ethel, show, ."2. Winner, . eh. ;c. by Maxlo-Vestlna.
Trained by J. Martin. Scratched — Komoko. Lnmpenia, Angelica. Rossbourne. • Start
pood. Won ea6iins.up. Balance driving. Celeres well ridden and probably beet. - .' Pha
lanx away poorly. Ethel Barrymore tired toward th» end. Neva Lee ran a fair race.
Duplex quit. Budget was green.
7971>. THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; ; value to first, $825. "
Index' Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. * . %. •*. Str. Fin. Jockey.. Op. C!.'
7654 ;ien<i«>nning, 6 (Hammond)..' 90 3 ... 13 14 18 1 2V6 Mcßrid© . . 7-5 6-6
7940 'Sir Preston, 5 (Scharetg) 100 4 ... 5 2^4 %3 1 2 % T. Clark... 6 7
7SOO Bell Reed. 5 (Fitißrld & Co.). 108 7 ... 4 1 5 2 5 2 8 4 Bonner .... 8 14-5
7916 Alta G. 5 (\V. Adams) I 93 6 ... 6 l^C 1%6 3 4 % Graham ... 10 25
7037 Ponapa, 4 (R. A. Smith), a.. 99 I ... 2Vi 2 n 214 5 5 Greenfield . 15 15
7159 Rollick, a ißaird & Co.) 108) 2 ... 3^34 4 h 6>4 Blake ..... 80 100
I Paramount. 6 (Dayton & Co.). 106 9 ... 11 0 3 81' 7 n !C. Miller... -50 100
6561 EBishee. 6 (A. D. Harrison).. 105 10 ... S 2 8 n 9 2 8 2 T. Stewart. 20 200
6254 Annie Marie. 4 (Newell* ,'i Co.) 96 8 ... 74 74 7492 Wright .... 80 " 800
6813 Geisha Girl. 5 (A. Beebe).. .. 101 5 ... 9210h10 110 1 H. Smith.. 100 200
7937 ißdlnborough. a (H. Stover). . 104 11 ... 10 411 11 11 E. Walsh.. 10. CslO
Time— :22%. :47H. 1:00%. At poet 3 minutes. Off at 3:07. Glendenntng, place, 8-5:
chow, 7-20. Preston, place. 5-2; show. 6-5. Reed, show, 2-5. Winner, eh. g. by St.
Carlo-Glenllvet. Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched— F. E. Shaw % Bucollo.
Tejlo-W6tcne. Start good. Won cleverly. Balance driving. Glendenning ' was ready
this trip and played in luck. Sir Preston showed vast improvement' and only for being
pocketed a quarter on the rail . might have won. Bell Reed interfered with at start by
Bdinborough. Rollick did well. Too fast for AJta G and Ponapa. -,:r, .
7»8O. FOURTH RACE — 1 mile and 50 yards; selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Inflex] Horse and Owner. IWt|St. M. %. %. Btr. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7067 Harry Beck. 0 (J. A. Lynch). 104 5 4 mi % 12 1413 IMcßride . . 7-2 IS-6
795 C Redwald. a (W. P. Magrane). 101 7 5% 3 1 2 I^2 1%2 8 [j. Jones.... ■ 8 10
7»62 Silurian, a (Lamasney Bros.). 961 112h8h82 8% Taylor .... 15 25
76M "lausuft. 5 (T. H. Ryan & Co.) 105 2 3 h '6-IHS 2^6 5 4 x«, Birkenruth 2 13-5
7W6 |Rey Dare, a (J. C. Nealon).. 105 4 6 B^4 »i 4 I^4 8 5 6 Bonner .... 8-6 6-5
7MQ Badly Used. 6 (Multnomh St.) 104 3 2n6\7 6V466 Bell . . 6 10
7970 M Daughter, 3 (Z. Abrams).. 966 7 7 6 % 7 7 Wright .... 8 25
Time— 24 V :49%. 1:15*4, 1:40%, 1:43%. At post % minute. Oft at 8:29%. Beck, place!
11-10;. show, 1-2. Redwald, place. 4: show, 6-5. Silurian, show. 8. Winner, b. g. by
Jim Gore- Melody. . Trained by J. A. Lynch. Scratched — Profitable, The. Gadfly, Pefer
J. Hugh McGnwan. Serenity. Frank Pearce. Jack Uttle. Start good. Won In "a gallop.
Second easily. Third stopping. Winner nicely handled. Redwald .swerved at th* start
losing considerable ground. Silurian ran well. Birkenruth took Clausus back first part
■ of race. R»-y Dare a disappointment.
«.^—^^. ------- ... — -~--j---i-n.ri_iTj%r>rv/Tjvirvvvnr>rKort/\/vvru%^
7981. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-y-o and up; value to first $328.
Index} Horse and Owner. iWtJSt. %. ft. ■ %,■ Str. Fin. j Jockey. i Op. Cl.
7056 Sunny Shore. 5 (J. Dunn).... 101 j 4 7U, 8 614 1%1 % Wright .... ~~30 15
> 7962 1 Flaunt, a (T. H. Ryan) 11l 8 42 3% 3 n 8n 23 Blrkenruth 9-5 16-5
7972 The Fretter. a (O"Rourke) 114 3 6 2V45 1>52 IH2 h 3 2% Travers ... 7 6
TKiS 'Hellas. 5 (W. E. C0tt0n)...... 106; 1 lh 4 h 4 14 6 2U4 V, Bell ....... .15 20
<795P);Expcdlent. a <G. H. Thomas). 11l 7 8 7 n 7 2 s*i 5 n Bonner ' 7-2 0-°
7838 Me!*tfrsingrer. 6 (Healey) 114 2 3 1%1 %1% 1 h 64J. Jones... 5-2 9-5
7956 The Lieutenant. 4 (Stover) 107 r> 8%6h «147%7 1U Hoffman .. I 10 30
79t52 Sub Queen. 8 (J. F. Winters). 1(H 6 2 1142 1X&8 8 8 [L. Fountain IB 30
Time— -.MH. 1:16%. 1:42%, 1:54%. At pest V, minute,.' Off at B: s7^:l '.Shore, ,plao«,
6; show. 2. Flaunt, place, 13-10; show. 11-20 Fretter. show, . 1: . Winner eh r by
Halma-Sunny Slope. Trained by J. Dunn. Start good. Won handily. ' Balance driving
Sunny Shore came from the clouds. Flaunt pocketed on stretch turn or he might have
been harder to beat. The Fretter received .. backing. Expedient could not ret ud
M<»!*terslnger quit. ■. ■ ' . .-...■ ';.  . .. . . , "'
7083. SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; three-year-olds and up; value to first $325.
irTdex) Horse and Owner. |Wt|Bt. %-% ■%. Str. Fin. j Jockey. - Op. ClI
(7l»64)lDownpatrlck, 3 (Ryan & Co.). 97 '~i Ihl h 1 lftl 2^l 3 IJ. Jones., ' R ~H
:<"»< Rockaway. 4 (Jennings)..... 108 a 8 5 A B^,B -1%3 3 2y, |\V Knanr>"! * is.
78C9 Toledo. 4 (Gaylord & C 0.).... 108 5 8 4% 5 .*4 1%3 Blrkenruth 2 11-5
(7970) Johnson, 3 (Mrs. Miller).. 97 1 2 2 2^2 I*2 l'^2 n4 2 Mcßrld- ' 8-R fl ?
7970 Handy Bill, 3 (G.W. Wilson). 94 [ 44 % 5 ~4 3; o- 5 Taylor ..'.'. j -IB.' 12
Time— 2s. :49. 1:18, 1:40>4. 'At post % minute! Off at 4:2314. Downpatrick r>iaee ?
show. 7-10. Ro4kt "i:; pUce, 13-10: show. 11-20. Toledo show £5" "winner^b* I'
by Maxlo-Cliquot. Trained by T. H. Ryan. Start good. ' Won easily. . Balance driv-
Ing. 'Winner heavily played, ran an excellent race. Rockaway ran a "fair race Toledo
bothered at start, received only moderate handling, i Squire Johnson quit. Handy Bin
dfdn t rut in at all. - - .
FIGHTER AND SECONDS
FINISH IN COUNTY JAIL.
Walter Robinson Knocks Out Joe
Kelly and Is Locked Up for
Turning Trick.
VISALIA. March 6. — A prize fierht
j was held here last night between Wal
i ter Robinson of Fresno and Joe Kelly
of Visalia. Robinson won in the
fourth round. At the conclusion of
the fight Robinson, McKay and Jimmy
Quinn were arrested and charged with
; felony. They were taken before Judge
• Holder at midnight and held to an
swer on $1000 bonds each, turned
: over to the Sheriff and locked up.
i The trial was set for to-morrow morn
! Ing at .10 o'clock. The fight was held
under the auspices of the Visalia Ath
letic Club, an incorporated organiza
j tion. A license to hold the fight had
; been Issued by-the city of Visalia. W.
;M. Pennebaker and S. A. Hogan
mused the arrest of the men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MARCH 7, 19CC.
POWELL. AND CHOYNSKI
MATCHED TO BOX AGAIN
Hayes Valley Athletic Club Presents
an Attractive Card for Next
Friday Night.
Lew Powell, ex-lightweight amateur
champion of the coast, will strive to
regain his lost laurels next Friday
night when he meets Young Choynski,
the holder of the title. The pair are to
fight i n Woodward's Pavilion under
the auspices of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club. This will be their second
meeting. When they fought two
months ago Choyiski gained a well
earned decision over Powell. The boys
jvent four desperate rounds and
t-noynski was awarded the verdict.
There are six other good battles on
the programme, the most notable be
ing that between Teddy Wolff and
Frank Mayfield, two well-known
welters, who have fought their way to
the top of the amateur rank*. Abe
Label and South Side Jack O'Brien
•were specially matched and should
put up a fast light. Jim Ford will
meet Joe Mdßride at 110 pounds and
Pierpont Ordway and Tanglefoot Mc-
Govern axe to meet in a return
match. These boys had a warm time
last month and Ordway lost the deci
sion by a close margin. Nobby Otts,
brother of Billy Otts, is to go ainst
Mike Synfy, the only Greek fighter be
fore the public to-day.
Jimmy McDevitt will referee the
bouts and J. Arthur Johnson, colored
and Joe Gans, also colored, will be the
judges.
CRICKETERS GATHER
AT AN-XUAIi SESSION
Henry Ward of Alamoda Club Is
Chosen President . of California
Association.;
At the annual meeting of : the ' Cali
fornia Cricket Association > held last
night •In this • city" delegates were pre
sent from the Alameda, Pacific, San
Francisco County, Sacramento and
Santa Cru Cricket clubs. ; The annual
report ;of the secretary-treasurer was
read and showed "the affairs of -the
association to be in a satisfactory con
dition. The following officers I' were
chosen, to servefbr-thecomingitwelve
months... Henry. ■ Ward, president-
Captain : John Metcalfe. T. W Beak'
bane, L. W. Robitaille, E. f' Hilton :
and T. ;J. A. Tiedemann, vice presi
dents: Arthur Inkersley, secretary and
treasurer. ; E. H. rM. Lannowe 'of - the
Pacific Cricket Club, F. J. Croll of the
AlamedaV Cricket Club and Henry
Roberts : of > the ; San ' Francisco : County
Cricket j Club were appointed a com
mittee -to prepare a schedule of
matches to ?be played for the cham
pionship of 1905. ;■; ■' ••; : ,
Sbeehan Signs With Fisher.
FRESNO. March 6. — Mike Fisher
to-day signed up Tommy Sheehan to
play third base for Tacoma during
the coming baseball season. Sheclv/n
has been holding out. To-day a com
promise on terms was effected. Mike
now has all last year's team exempt
Ovie Overall and Truck Egan. Ta
coma will begin active practice to
morrow morning on the Recreation
Park grounds.
HORSES SELECTED
ON BEST FORM
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race — F. W. Barr. At
kins, Canopian.
Second race — Toupee, The
Volt, Olympian.
Third race — Sunny Shore,
Gienrice, Theodora L.
Fourth race— Mindanao, Ma
jor Tenny, Ethel Abbott.
Fifth race— Letola, Andrew
B. Cook. Arabo.
Sixth race— True Wing, Ruby,
A. Muskoday.
HANDICAP IS
THE FEATURE
A six-furlong handicap with the fast
eprlnters Letola, Arabo and Andrew B.
Cook named among the starters, will
be the feature event at Oakland to-day.
The entries are as follows:
First race — Four furlongs, two- year-olds,
purse, maiden colts' and geldings.
.... Canopian (Stover) 107
J <*anopus — Illuminating.
. 7911 Legal Form <McLaughlin) 110
705 a Atkins (Jennings & Co.) 110
795S F. W. l?arr (Stanfield) 110
7965 James L. M. (De la Montanya) 110
7041 Novi (Gar.len City Stable) 110
T»63 Carrick (Carrick Stock Farm) 110
7U63 Pal (Jennings) ' JlO
Uncle Dudley (Zellnskl) 110
Rablccn-Lachine
7941 Bakersnold (Murray & Co.) 110
706.} Alma Boy (Qulnlan) 110
79."9 Ethel Thatcher (Green) 110
Second race— Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling.
79fi« I'rbano (Boyle) 10S
7(Kil Bard Burns (ORourke) 11l
(7»66)Olympian (Schorr) 11l
79CS Rene (Lamasney Bros.) 106
79t& Berendos (Scharetg) 108
79(i3 Toupee (Clark) 106
7071 Maxtrees iKronlck & Co.) 103
(7t>47)'rhe Volt (Fisher) 106
7871 Toto Qratiot (Multnomah Stable) lit
7073 •Trapsttter (E«eU) 103
3908 Oakingron (Gaylord & Co.) 11l
79fW Moltn (Shannon) 10S
793.X Haven Run (Harris) 106
(78ul)Myrtle H (Hertiell) 108
Third raoe — One and a half miles, four-year
olds and up, selling.
7948 Theodora L (Smith) 101
7651 'Mania (Ezell) 96
i79Sl)*Sunny Shore (Dunn) 102
(79«S)GIenrlce (Fits&erald & Co.) 108
705S 'Mordente (McClary & Co.) 100
79<>8 »Cinnabar (Fountain) 98
7906 *Ir.Bpector Munro (Fox) 105
7973 "Play Ball (Davidson) 103
Fourth raoe — One and a sixteenth miles,
four-year-olds and up, selling:
7935 Mindanao (Smith) 100
7H62 *Langford James (Cotton) 82
7891 Major Tenny (Multnomah Stable) 97
7!»75 Esherin (Ryan) 105
7U«7 'Ethel Abbott (Nell) 90
7933 Matt Hogan (Romigh) 97
Fifth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. handicap:
7034 Rector (EJckert) 93
79.M Letola (Jennings) 101
7D76 Arabo (Price) 109
7939 Christine A (Lamasney Brothers) 90
(7976) Andrew B. Cook (Stanfield & Ellis).. 106
7969 AJbula (Lamaaney Brothers) 100
778S David Boland (Balrd & Co.) 90
Sixth race — Futurity course, three-year-olds,
purse:
7969 True Wing (Ryan) 107
(7»6o)Ruby (Jennings & Co.) 104
7940 Royal Red (Touhty) 106
7969 St. Denis (Zellnsky) 102
7961 Andvari (Hooper) 112
7952 A Muekoday (Dodge) 112
7964 Big Beach (Wilson) 109
•Apprentice allowance.
BASKETBAXL TEAMS
WILL MEET TO-NIGHT
Lick and Y. M. H. A. Players to Line
Up at Gymnasium Near
Park.
The basketball team of the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts and the
Corinthian team of the , Y. M. H. A.
will meet to-night in a game of
basketball. There will also be an ex
hibition of the sport as played by the
fair sex by the expert women teams
from San Mateo and Redwood City.
Sam Berger will appear as an addi
tion to the basketball contests.
Lick will be represented by the fol
lowing players: Doane, Rogers.
Straus. Cooper, Stone. DeWolf and
Bromley. Those to play on the Co
rinthians are: Shoor, Welfleld, Joseph,
Jacobs, Campe and Llpman. The con
tests will be held at the gymnasium
of the young Men's Hebrew Associa
tion on Page and Stanyan streets.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 6— Oaklawn
results:
First race, four furlongs — Charlatan won,
Mazzlna second. Dr. Ellsworth third. Time.
:52 2-5.
Second ra.ee, *lx furlongs — lole won, Golden
Age second, Nlnna Squaw third. Time,
1:18 2-5.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Critical won. Glisten second Falernlam third
Time. 1:512-9.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Landsdowns won.
Jigger second. Ingolthrift third. Tim«. 1:17.
Fifth race, three furlongs — Ramus won.
Marvel P second, O. G. Park* third. Time,
:87.
Sixth raoe, one mile — Bravery won. Black
Cat second. Applaud third. Time, 1 :46.
City Park Results.
NEW ORLEANS, March 6.— City Park re
sults:
Finit rtx«, seven furlongs— High Wind won.
Armorer second. Brand New third. Time
1:27 8-5.
Second raca, four furlongs — Tichlmlngo won,
Dirk Brown second. Gray Dal third. Time,
:48 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Sharp Boy won.
Lid Wlna e*cond, Billy Hands«l third. Time,
It 14 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Six Shooter won,
Klorize! second. Rlan third. Time, 1:40 1-5.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles — Judge
6aufley won, Ben Heywood second, Llddon
third. Time. 1:53 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Kernel won, Trogron
second, Red Thistle third. Time. 1:418-5.
Crescent City Results.
: NEW ORLEANS." March B.— Crescent 'I City
results: 1 /':\r v."v ." :•:'-",'. ■:•:■■■ ■ ■■■■.:.
First race, six furlong* — Inspector Halpin
won. Pance Music second, Darius third. Tlm«
1:14 4-5.
Second race, flve and a half furlongs — I. I.
Dottore won. Prestige second, Diamond Betty
third. Time, 1:07 3-5. •
Third race, one mile — Kltti* Platt won.
Captain Arnold second. Hands Across third
Time. 1 :41 1-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Trapl^er won Terns Rod second, Spencerlan
third. Time.' 1:47 1-5.
Fifth race, one mile — 8t- Daniel won.
Huckleberry Finn second, Keogh third. Time
1:48 1-5.
Rixtli race, one. mile and seventy yards,
selling — Ponca won. Bishop Weed second, Mc-
Williams third. Time, 1:47.
Lotig Term for Japanese.
FRESNO, March 6. — A. Imura, who
killed a Japanese at Mendota on Jan
uary 1, to-day pleaded guilty to mur
der in the second degree and was sen
tenced to sixteen years in Folsom by
Superior Judge G. E. Church.
Burglar Gets Fifteen Years.
SUISUN, March 6. — George Deem,
who wag convicted of bunarlary last
Wednesday, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Buckles to fifteen years in Fol
som Prison. Deem was a bootblack
and rifled several store* in Vallejo
about six weeks ago.
FAVORITES FALL
DOWN AT ASCOT
Five Outsiders Get Into
the Going and Outfoot
Well Played Good Things
TEMPTING PRICES LAID
Jingler, Orchan, Mart Gen
try, Bronze Wing and Our
Pride All Slip Through
LOS AXGELES, March «. — Long
priced horses had an inning at Ascot
to-day, one favorite out of six finish
ing first This was Lord of the Heath,
which closed at even money and won
handily after being slow to begin.
The other winners were Jingler at 5
to 1. Orchan at 7 to 1, Mart Gentry- at
10 to 1, Bronze Wing at 2% to 1 and
Our Pride at IS to 1.
Weather clear, track fast Sum
mary.
First race, one mile and a sixteenth— Jingler.
96 (McDanlel), 0 to 1, won; Rose of Hilo. 9«
(Hesbert), 8 to 1, second; Prue Wood. 97 (Mbri
arlty), 3 to 1. third. Tim-, 1:49^. Head
strong, Flora Bright, Tomhawk. Evermore,
May Holla Jay. Ed Ouinzburg and Frank Mayo
also ran.
Second race, one mile — Orchan, 111 (W. Dv-
Kan>, 6 to 1. won; Ralph Young, 106 IMO-
Imniel). 8 to 5, second; Borghe3i, 105 (J. Kel
ly), sto 2. third. Time, I:l4V*. Paniquf, At
lantico. Leonado and Montoya also ran.
Third race, six furlongs — Liord of the Heath,
108 (J. Kelly). 9 to 1. won; Smithy Kane. 105
(Kunz), 8 to 1, sweond; Forerunner, 111 (Ren
nenkamp), 10 to 1, third. Time, 1:15. Bailey.
Henry Ach, Sinlcado, Del Cbronado and Linda
Rose also ran.
Fourth race, six and a half urlonga — Mart
Gentry, 9» (Morlarity). 9 to 1. won; Ktng
thorpe. 102 (H«rbert>, 20 to 1, second; Frank
L. Perley.' 110 (Lynch). 6 to 1. third. Time.
1.21%. El Chihuahua. Dorice, Luren*. My
Gem, Laura F. hi.. Bandillo and Komombo
aiso ran.
Fifth ra.c«, mile and a sixteenth — Bronze
"Wing, 101 (Moriarlty), 5 to 2, won; Potrero
Grande, 100 (McDaniel). 7 to 5, Second; Gentle
Harry. 97 (Herbert). 8 to 1. third. Time, 1:48.
Ripper. Anirad, Bluerldge also ran.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Our
Pride, 107 (Sullivan). 13 to 1. won: Palmist.
112 (w. Dugan) even, second; Joe Kelly, 107
(Fuller). 7 to 1. third. Time, 1:22. Chief
Aloha, Homebred. Xanon, King Promise and
Game Hen also ran.
EXPOSED MEDIUM
FIGHTS FIERCELY
New York Woman Spiritual
ist Shown I T p to Her Dupes
by Angry Virginia Man
NEW YORK, March 6.— Calvert Ber
wick, a native of Virginia, has caused
a sensational exposure of a "material
izing medium." in the latter's Lexing
ton avenue apartments. In the midst
of a seance in a crowded room, the
medium, a woman weighing 300 pounds,
was dragged shrieking from her cabi
net and tossed into the center of the
circle of dupea.
She fought like a trapped tigress.
Furniture was smashed, mfti knocked
down and glass broken before the
woman and her husband were finally
subdued. Then three gaa jets were
lighted and the medium was found
gasping in the center of the room, clad
in a mass of gauze, coated with phos
phorescent paint. Half her spiritual
garb and her head-piece were In the
possession of Berwick.
According to the Virginian, his
mother, a resident of this city, has
lost thousands of dollars in Investments
made through the advice of the spirits,
and Berwick stated that he intended
to prosecute, criminally and civilly, the
mediums responsible for the loss.
A tinkling music box, which had been
wound up just before, played "Peace
Abide With Thee" during the fight.
PAID DAMAGES ON OLD
CLAIM AGAINST MEXICO
Dr. Edward I/yean of Washington
Receives Eight Thonsand Dollars
After Thirteen Years.
TACOMA, March 6.— The Mexican
Government has paid $8000 to Dr. Ed-,
ward Lycan, formerly of Aberdeen and
now a resident of North Beach, Che
halls County. The payment was made
in settlement of Dr. Lycan'c damages,
which date back thirteen years. At
that time he was operating a sugar
plantation near Topolobampo, Mexico.
When the schooner Dora Bluhm, car
rying lumber, was wrecked and aban
doned, Dr. Lycan bought the wreck for
?100. After raising and repairing the
schooner he loaded her for another
Mexican port. His right of purchase
was contested by insurance companies.
Lycan was arresteG by the Mexican of
ficials and imprisoned until the United
States obtained his release.
He immediately brought suit to re
cover the vessel, but finally concluded
the litigation by agreeing to accept
$8000 in settlement. The schooner Dora
Bluhm is still in the lumber trade.
WORK BEGUN ON NEW
KLONDIKE RAILROAD
Wne Will Run From Dawson to
Various Creeks of the
Region.
TACOMA, March 6. — After five
years of talk, actual work has com
menced on the Klondike mines rail
way, which Is to connect Dawson with
the various Klondike creeks. Many
men are getting out ties and other
material, which are being cut from
the timber on the Klondike rivers.
The railway company has awarded a
contract for 37.000 ties besides tele
graph poles and piles.
This railroad was projected by for
mer Chief Engineer Hawkins of the
White Pass Railroad, who secured the
necessary franchises from the Yukon
Government. Several efforts to finance
the project were unsuccessful, though
considerable railroad iron and other
materials have been paid for and
shipped to Dawson. Control of the
proposition was recently transferred
in London to a syndicate, which is
represented at Dawson by Jerome
Chute. The syndicate announces that
the line will be finished this year.»
Ladies Play Against Bogey.
The ladies of the San Francisco Golf
and Country Club will play the first
round of an eighteen-hole handicap
against bogey, match score, on the,
links on the United States Military
Reservation this afternoon. The later
rounds will be played during the week.
The population of the Sudan is num
bered at 3,000,000, nearly all savages.
STAR ATHLETES
WILL APPEAR
Benefit for Women's Club at
Mechanics' Pavilion At
tracts Numerous Entries
GOOD SPORT PROMISED
All Sorts of Pastimes From
Boxing to Dancing Will
Be Listed on Programme
Star athletes from rariou* club« and
associations will be seen in action next
Tuesday afternoon and evening at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, when the biff ben
efit for the newly formed San Francis
co Woman's Athletic Association will
be given. The programme is a varied
one and consists of all kinds of pas
times, from boxing down to dancing.
The affair will terminate with a grand
ball.
Among the most prominent clubs to
donate their services for the good
cause are the Olympic Culb, St. Igna
tius Gymnasium, Reliance Club, Occi
dental Club, San Mateo Athletic Club,
San Francisco Turn Vereln axid the
San Francisco Woman's Athletic Asso
ciation.
Bothwell Browne, and his dancers
will appear as will other well-known |
amateur and professional entertainers.
1 The members of the "Woman's Athletic'
Association promise to ' furnish some
interesting stunts in the athletic line.
A game of indoor baseball is also on
the programme. Following is a com
plete list of the athletic event* that
are planned:
Gymnastic— Prof esaor Robert Leando, di
rector.
Pyramids— H. Manor, P. Lord. R. Ellis, M.
Anderron.,W. Allen, J. Scott. E. Scott. Ed.
Hause. C. Van Court, tf. Wise. A. Hlrsh and
Professor Robert Lear.Co.
Acrobats — H. Manor, P. Lord and J. EC.
Scott.
Fancy clubs — J. Sch«ulin.
Fencing — Professor Victor do Lambertlng, j di
rector. N. Ashley v«. X. Couwett. M. Vecki vs.
William Berg, Alfred Splndar vs. George Koe
ler. ' Miss Nellie Conner vs. Miss Sophie d«
Lainbertlng. 'isf3jS&
Broad sabers — H. Harkcess vs. E. C. Stew
art, Alex, de Lambertlng vs. Professor Lam
bertlng, ■ Miss Gertrude Shane vs. Miss Sophia
de Laxnbertlrur. ■ - •
Boxing — Professor d« W. Van Court, direc
tor. W. J. Leonard vs. R. Stone. R. Lundl*
vs. J. Lundle. M. Stanfleld vs. J. Mcßride. W.
Dwy?r vs. J. Gallagher and others. - , .
* ' Wrestling — G*ortc« S. - Mlehlrng. di
rector. Jen« Phillips vs. -R.- B. - Cornell, W.
Gindorff vs. J. A. Gindorff, Ed. Berrtdy vi.
James B. Parker, George S. Krc%er vs. I George
Miller. D. Crowl-y vs. X. McKerett. E. Mo-
Kerett vs. John Simpson, A. Pockrltz vs. M.
Veckl, Claud Augonnett vs. Chauncey Carr,
i Herbert Duncan vs. T. Reardon. C. £>. Pentony i
v«. Willie Rapp.
The programme furnished by Professor
Charles 'F. Graeber will be as follows; Miss
Balena Davis. Anna Dorman. Lula Dorman,
J«nnie Eccleson, Alice . Elder. Ruth Elder,
Pearl Elklns, Stacla Featherstone, Kitty Fow
ler. Flossie Gamer. Hazel Gulon. Alice Hurd.
A. E. Holland, Pauline Hlndner, Sadie Harris,
1 Agnes Kearnes. Anna Larnlgan, Tina Lln
burger, Violet Lapachet. Anna Leemaa, Tillle
Leeman. M. Loomis, Elrlca Pasedlo. Marie
Palasem, Gertrude Peters, Cella PasUnilll. M.
I. Powers, Mai i Rutley, Mable E. Ordway. L.
Rohs - Emily Radlns. Emma Schmidt. Katie
Straub, Mai. Cora and Bertha Smith, R.
Smltz," R. Schmltz, LJzzl* Smith. Eth»l Stlpp,
Alice Stetner. Nanette Webb. George Day.
Emma Everett. F. Glemser, Grace Burmeister.
Jennie Rlckford. C. Borthen. Crete Carlson.
Mac Cook A: Oarosla. ■ Mrs. J. Jacobs, • Mrs.
H. S. Mlltzner, Mrs. R. C. Scott, Mrs. W.
Bodle.
ARRESTED FOR CRIME
OF THREE YEARS AGO
Irfist of fThinese Gang Which Looted
Store in San Francisco Taken
in Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD. March 6. — The
police of this city have arrested the
last of the four Chinese, who. In the
spring of 1902. entered the store of
Hop Sing, at 629 Dupont street, San
Fiancisco, and after beating the pro
prietor into unconsciousness looted
the place. The Chinese Is known 'by
the name of Louie Sing, and a re
ward of $200 has been offered, for his
capture by the Chinese Six Com
panies of San Francisco. His three
companions are now serving time In
San Quentln.
The arrest of Louie Sing was made
in the hall of the Bing Kong
Society of New Chinatown of this
city. Immediately following the ar
rest came the word from the San
Francisco authorities that he is the
man wanted for the outrage of 1902.
REJECTS SUITOR WITH
LICENSE TO WED ANOTHER
Girl in State of Washington Mar-
ried to Man She Has Known
but a Short Time.
TACOMA, March 6.— An interesting
sequel in the matrimonial affairs of
Miss Charlotte Scott, a young woman
of Cheney, who several weeks , ago re
fused to marry D. J. Edwards after the
latter had secured the marriage license,
came on Saturday night, when she
married Warren Davis, a young ranch
er, living near her home. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. J. E. Ed
wards, a brother of the rejected suitor,
in the presence of relatives and inti
mate friends.
Davis and his bride have been ac
quainted only a short time. They first
met at about the time Edward? se
cured the license to marry Miss Scott.
KILLED WHILE DESCENDING
MINK SHAFT AT JACKSON
Edward Hal lam Loses His Hold and
Falls. Breaking His
Neck.
JACKSONT. March 6.— Edward Hal
lam, about 22 years of age. was killed
at th« Kennedy mine to-day. He was
descending the shaft from a 2400
level when he lost hia hold and fell,
breaking his neck. He had worked
only flve days. He leaves relatives In
Saginaw. Mich.
Fair Strikers to Resume Work.
PORTLAND. March 6. — The back
bone of the strike inaugurated at the
Lewis and Clark exposition grounds
last week was apparently broken to
d£"y. when over 500 men appli = 3 for
work, including a large number o?
those who joined the strike movement
la.s. week.
Dragged to Death by Team.
FRESNO. March 6. — The dead body
of Jesse C. Caskaden. a livery stable
driver, was found beside the road near
Toll House this morning. Appear
ances point to the conclusion that he
was dragged to death by his team,
which has not been found.
Valuable Colt Lost in Fire.
MONTAGUE. March* «.— A large
barn owned by H. Meiss and an ad
joining barn belonging to Mrs. Deter
were destroyed by lire last night. One
horse and a valuable colt perished in
the flames.
MANY TURFMEN
LOSE LICENSES
Stewards of Western Jockey
Club Rule Off Prominent
Riders and Horse Owners
BUCHANAN RE[NSTATLI>
Popular California Boy Is
Among the Lucky Ones to
Be Restored to Standing
Pj>«ci«l Dispatch to Th* On.
• CHICAGO, March «.— No radical
change in the present turf alto**
tion In, the West resulted from
the meeting of the Western Jockey
Club steward*. which was h«ld
according to schedule in their lo
cal office* here to-day. The question
of revising dates at Memphis* New Or
leans and Hot Springs did not com* up
for discussion. If it did, nothing is
given out about it in the report handed
out by Secretary Woodruff.
As was expected, the licenses of all
jockeys and trainers now taking part
at Corrigan's track In New Orleans
were revoked, but no mention Is mad*
of Corrigan, Captain Brown and
Thomas C. McDowell, although Brown
has been running his horses steadily at
Corrigan's track. McDowell, too, ran
a horse in his name and colors on th*
opening day. None of Corrigan s
horses, however, have started at his
new course. The most prominent among
Jockeys whose licenses were revoked
are Nicol, D. Austin, Troxler, Young.
Gannon, Dean, Roma^alll, D. Miller,
Morrison, Jenkins and J. Hennessey.
Of the well-known trainers whose li
censes were revoked are found th«
names of Pat Dunne. Pat CItIH, John
Fay, T. P. Hayes, James Griffin, Rob
ert T. Tucker. J. 8. Ward. J. H. Mc-
Coulsky. J. A. Kyle, Hugh McCarren.
Willie Martin. Dr. Riddle, Harry Rob
inson. Presa West. J. H. Young and a
score of others of the West's best
known trainers.
The Foster Brothers, Fred and Matt,
and J. Gray & Co. and Charles Gray,
who were ruled off at Hawthorne last
spring In connection with the famous
Poseur case, were reinstated, as was
also Jockey Willie Buchanan, who was
ruled off at Harlem in the summer of
1903. for the alleged mishandling of his
mount. Incubator.
Many other applications for the re
instatement of jockeys and trainers
were passed to the next meeting, in
April. The meeting was an unusually
quiet one and the stewards, who went
into session at noon, transacted a!l
business at hand before T o'clock in the
evening. Aside from the rulings men
tioned the rest of the work accom
plished was merely routine.
CONVICTED OF MURDER
OVER A CHEAP HALTER
First Degree Verdict in Case, of Jotoa
MeClure, Who Killed Two
Men In Log Angeles
LOS AXGELES. March «. — Tn«
jury In the John MeClure murder case
this afternoon returned a verdict of
guiky of murder in the first degret
without recommendation. The court
will pronounce sentence next Monday.
MeClure, who is an old miner, killed
Liveryman P. Tsodicoff and Hostler
Jerry O'Shea a few months ago by
brutally shooting and stabbing them
to death, following a quarrel over a
halter, worth fifteen cents. He was
placed on trial in Judge Smith's court
last week.
BANK SEEKS TO RECOVER
STOLEN COIN FROM WEBER
Haa the Criminal Case Put Aside and
Will Prosecute Ctrll
Salt.
AUBURN". March «. — The cam of
Adclph Weber, charged with the rob
bery of the Placer County Bank, wu
continued indefinitely this afternoon
by Judge Prewett. The civtl case of
the Placer County Bank against
Adolph Weber, as heir to th« Weber
estate, for the recovery of the money
stolen from the bank, was set for April
18. The bnnk seeks to recover the
money without the expense to th«
county of a criminal case?
GRANTS AMATEUR PERMITS.— Tif Boar*
of Supervisors yesterday granted tmttnr
boxing permits to the Hayes Valley Club for
March 10, the San Francisco Club for Marc*
1 5 and the Hawthorne Club for March 21.
ADVKKTISTCVnsyT3>
Fn THE SYSTEM
- Holly Springs, Miss., March 24, 1905.
While building railroads in Tensesseo
" some twelve years ago a number of hands
contracted fever and various forma of
blood and skin diseases. I carried S. S. S.
in my commissary and gave it to my hands
■ with moat gratifying results. I can recom-
; mend S. S. S. as the finest preparation for
-Malaria, chills and fever, "as , well as all
blood and skin diseases. W. I. McGowan .
I suffered greatly from Boils, which
would break out on different parts of my
body. I saw S. S. S. advertised and after
* using about three bottles I was cured,
and Tor the last three years have had no
trouble whatever. * A. W. Zebsjl
317 Read St. , Evansville, Ind-
I began using your S. S. S. probably ten
years ago for Malaria and blood troubles,
and it , proved so . good that I have con-
tinued ever since using it as a . family
remedy. It is a pleasure for me to recom-
mend S. S. S. for the - benefit of others
s who are needing a first rate blood purifier,
tonic and cure for Malaria. !"
Arkansas City, Ark. C. C. H*nnwwA.y.
Boils, abscesses, sores, dark or yellow
splotches and debility are some of the
symptoms of this miserable disease.
S. S. S. counteracts and removes from the
jrf&* ""S^ blood all impuri-
jjg^i HT^l fty^ ties and poisons
|*|. ' X *t\ ' an d builds _up the
STL iH^. w^L entire system. It is
BL 1^ guaranteed a pure-
iy vegetable reme-
W m m dy. Write for mcd-
L I i Ik. ■ icai or any
special iniorma.
tion about case.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta. 6aFOG BANK BARS HARBOR ENTRANCE
Sierra, Acapulco and
Nevadan Detained
Outside.
All Three Expected
to Get in This -
Morning.
A wall of fog blocked the Golden
Gate yesterday and as far as con
cerned three big steamers, homeward
bound, proved a bar to their entrance
as absolute as if its substance had
been solid concrete instead of a flimsy
but (BMW collection of atmosphere.
The Oceanic Steamship Conrpany's
liner Sierra., from Australia, New Zea
land and the Antipodes; the Pacific
Mai] liner Acapulco from Panama and
vcay ports, and the freighter Xevadan
fj-oin Puset Sound, were due here yes
terday morning. Daylight found the
world wrapped in fog. Tiae sun clear
ed, a big hole in the mist .and the city
and most of the harbor were soon
Imthed in bright sunshine with a clear
Ww sky overhead.
Early in tHe day a tow boat brought
word that the Sierra, Aseapuleo and
X«vadan were ail lying: at their an
chors just outside the heads. As th«
atmosphere cleared quarantine, cus
toms and immigration officials gath
ered at the barge office and prepara
tions were made at three wharves for
the reception of the fog-bound trio.
The clearing operation ceased be
fore the sunshine reached the three
liners, and in a comparatively narrow
attrip of fog. with blue sky and clear
air a. few ship's lengths away, the
three vessels passed the day., regard
for the lives of passengers keeping
pilots and commanders from taking
the risk of duplicating the Rio disv
aster..
Th« Sierra has on board, the Aus
tralian-British mails and they should
have l«ft here last night on the 6
o'clock train in order to catch the
Saturday steamer across the Atlantic.
They will be here to-day, however, and
in spite of the delay will be in Lon
don sooner than if they had been, sent
by way of the Suez CanaL
In the postal world the service
across trie Pacific contributed by the
Oceanic Steamship Company's three
liners is considered the standard of
perfection by which all other malt
routes are Judged. The record of
these three boats and of the Alameda.
and Mariposa before them, for strict'
adherence to schedule is said to hsfc-/_
no parallel in any other part of tb"?
world. " '•
The Sierra is fighting: the elements
:me, howover, and for once v.'ill
be late in landing her mail.
It is expected that the three vessels
will be in port early this mornings
Changes of Captains.
Captain Martin Kalnin has succeeded r?aptai:\
J. D. Jacobs in command of the- shi?* Xavar
ro; Captain O. Johnson has succeeded the late
Ctptain A. W. HolniEtrom on. The scha*.ner For
tune: Captain Henry Hanson replaces Captain
Har.s : : <; sen on the schooner Golden Fleece;
Captain Arthur G. Smith has beertf succeeded
oa th» schooner Winslow by W. ;;. Hutton
and R. Merriam is. now in command at the
steamer F. A. Kilburn, relieving "Japtain A.
Thosijson.
THe Overdue U5&.
The steamship Skidby was ta*j;n oft* the re
insurance board y«*teniaj-, woytf having been
rvc»ived of her total lose. sJh ? was quoted at
St> scr ceat. The overdues ai/t> quoted Icr re
insurance as follows: Jane bullion. 15 per
otr.t; ; Freshfleld. CO per cent:: JTrancola. 45 per
cent;' Brodick Bay, 12 per <ie-nt; Chill. 8 pec
cent and Mara, 40 per cent.
lo \Sreok Scliocn^r Onward.
The steamer Xavarro U£X here yesterday for
the OxjuJlle River with, wrecking apparatus
T'ith which it 1c hoped xo save something of
■the schooner Onward wr^rh went ashore a fete
cays ago ar.U is report M a total wreck.
Hrr Machinei;-} Breaks Down.
The rteasaer .: >-i^.y. which left here Sat
urday for Cresoent City, returned to port yes
terday on., account of her machinery having
fc».ke:i cuu-n. '
Waterfront Notes
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Jtarlposa, Captain 'Lawless, is due here to-day
iron: Taiiti.
The American, ship Homeward Bonnd for
merly the Otto • ;.idt-meister of Flying Dutch
man fame, boUnd from this port for Hull
I- 1 -"*' Prawl& Pcint yesterday. Captain
"Thonipjion has nis wife and stster-ln-law with
him on this, vonure.
Captain Ja.ti>-E Carroll, one of the boat
known saiOonuen on thla coaet, now living ""n
Eea-ttle but more at home la San Francisco
la here on a short visit, feasting his eyes jm
ecme real biddings and doing the PuoK
Sound rale cut of bis system.
The Pad* Mall Company's liner SExsia.
Captain J. Tr%maln« Smith, will sail to-iaor
n>» for the. Orient.
Ci|«Lin >»'• H. Milestone leaves to-night
vita bis »rtte to vl*it hla eighty-year-old fa
ther la Hufl, England. It la thirty-three jtears
siace u>«ii) Milestone left England for this
pr*rt. He a*« b«ee here ever since. Hfe for
many mil was captain of the State Qitaran
tlne e*,o«r Oovemor Perkins and l* r the
IRFt. five -«r» has -been la command of One of
lie Sour fire boa.ti=.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest t o Mariners and
r: ; Shipping Merchants.
Tlje British steamer Ellertc, which arrived
on Pug«t Sound from Moji on Sunday was
ch^j-tered prior to arrival for grain thence to
V«koliama. . I
Valuable Cargo for Japan.
me urnira., steamer Inverness was cleared
yesterday for Yokohama and Kofce with 10 511
535.' at lo &X«f m MIS and ."*! -** ««•»•
The «t««ner Alcoa cleared for Yokohama
imJ Kobe " yesterday with a general cargo
" Ul *?«%, 1 ? 8 ? 1981 * nd includi *« the follow!
™*\ 16 - 3£ { bale " ""ton. 575 pkgs machinery.
*"1 balev leather. 253 * sewing machines 265
nXn K f * l1 ' TL 08 she-tings. I~s cotton duck
+v* tubes, 21 bdlg v , 4 - cs
hibTio:-xing oil. 10 bxs electrical goods 3 cs
ru»>b*t goods. 1 crt bicycles. '
Kxports for Mexico.
The barkentine Robert Sudden sailed yes
terday for Santa Rosalia with cargo valued
at »aa,2BS -.'. Including the following:
2450 ***■*■••■• 270 C* l " 10 c» wrtne. 40 000
lbs sugar. 25.000 lbs bran. 900 bxs paste t v id
lb» chocolate, 31.U50 lbs rice. 1075 lbs beans
«23 lbs ientile. 55.100 lbs coffee. ICO7 Ibe bread'
1055 lbp spices. T, cs baking powder, 11 cs table
preparation*. 23^6 bales nay, 144 lbs tea, 102
iralß vtneear, 2!i,115 ft lumber. 13 Mis doors. ;hj
<:.- i-'" lk> 17.000 lbs cement. KJOO cs lubri
cattas- oil, £1© cs coal oil, 23 pk«?s paints. x
bdls -pipe. « pcs steel. 12 bdls Iron. 35 colls
rope. 11 bdls t)room», 100 c powder. 7 cs
f««*. : «i 4<rmgr, 676 lbs rosin, 2 bbls tar 14
cs dry goods.
Mem-handlae for Hiio.
The steamer Enterprise, which sailed on Sat
urday for Hllo. can it d an assorted merchan
dise carpo. valued at f 49.946 and including
the following:
50 bbls Hour. 4654 ctl« bariey, 176 otl wheat,
«3 ctls com. tSM bales hay. 30 ;,« lbs mid
dlings. 41,150 lbs bran. 2»00 lbs short* 6220
lbs beans, 4115 gals ■••In*. 22 c* whisky 60
cask* beer. 507, cm canned goods. 18 pkgs
pickled salmon. 159,0. lbs rice, 10,560 lbs
salt. «> pkgs paste, 7170 lbs lard. 373 pkgs
j.otato*-s. .TO pkgs onion*. 276 pk.*m fresh fruits..
538» lbs 58 pkgs bread, IMS lbs sugar. 3224
lbs fresh meat, 13 cs dressed poultry, 1641 lbs
11 cs farinaceous eoods. 14« j.lcr* jrrocerles
and prevision*, 1398 lbs dried fish,- 2342 lbs
ham and bacon. 4970 lbs codfish, 1610 lbs but
tw, 2619 lbs cheese, COO lbs coffee, 6 cs olives
8277 Ib* tobacco. 4 cs cigars and cigarette*. 34
pkg» dry goods. 29 cb boots and shoes, 8 cs
electrical roods, 75 bx* candles. C 7 cs soap,
411 pec 3 pk£« tank material, 6 cs paints, 700
cs coal oil. 35 pkgs ' machinery. 153.300 lbs
fertiliser. 15 cs drugs. 14 pkgs wagon material.
■Hi em matches. €8 pkps paper,; 16 bales paper
bags, 217 gals gasoline. 8 cs nails. ,70 coils
rope. M bbls lime. 41 tons coal. IS mules, 2
cows. HBW'^NMMHHBPvKmBsH
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Celled Stales Coast and - &eo6etlO Survey—
Time and Height of Hig]«and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance 'to San Fraaclico
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. " ■ •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MARCH 7.
, Sum rises 6:33 a. m. |
j "S'»rn acts :10 p. m. i
' Moos, rises 7:30 p. m. |
£ iTfmei ,'Time " " tTlme Time! !
IS k. 1 Ft. I Ft. ! ! Ft. Ft.
? fll W| |L W |H W L Wl
7 ' 0:«| 4.9! 6:07! 2.0|12:18| 4.81 6:22 1.1
•8, I 1:04! 4.9 8:451 1.0!l2:6G 4-5 6:62 1.5;
f I :tt 4.8) 7:M! 1.7! 1:32 4..il 7:24 l.*i i
Vi 4 1:4': 4.9[ 8:C2! 1.5! 2:19 4.1| 7:5S 2.1 !
7.1 2:11 4.8 8:46! 14- 3:lC| 3.0! 8:39 2.5!
*12 2:46 48 9:43 1.3 4:25 .';.», 9:30 2.8 j
il3 3:32 4.3110:44 1.1 6:4 Si 3.s*|lo:B.m 2.8
14 ( 4:£» 4.8J11 MS O.Si_7_^os;_3£ill:soJ_2.U j
NOTE — In the above exposition of the . tides j
j the early morning tides are given in the left 1
hand column and' the successive tides of the ;
! day in .he order of occurrence as to time; the ,
fourth time column gives the last tide of the 1
j day. except when there are but three tides, as j
j sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
' addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—( —
j siim precedes -the height, and then the number I
: given Is .subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the "lower low waters. • i. •
Time Tabl<\
Branch Hydrographic Offlce, U. S. N.. Mer
charti'' Exitiangi, San Francisco, Cal.,
Maich T. IMS.
The- time ball Mi the tow-er of the Ferry
building vu drorped exactly nt noon to-day —
i. «. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
P. m.. Greenwich tune. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
>lo\ eiuents of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
f Steamer. Prom. ' Dim.
I F. Leggett... Humboldt Mar. 7
Sequoia j Willapa Harbor [Mar. 7
| Ten Mi- I Peatto A Tacoma ....|Mar. 7
W. Kruger...l Portland A Astoria.... Mar. 7
Edith ' Nanalmo ...Mar. 7
£ureka Humboldt i Mar. 7
• Corona ] Humboldt Mar. 7 :
JS. Monica. . . . Grays Harbor Mar. 7
Porno Point Arena A Albion. ; Mar. 7
Marlposa Tahiti direct Mar. 7
"City Puebla. . Pucet Sound Ports Mar. 7
I Norwood ; Seattle . . .„ Mar. 7
i <■;;>■ Par*.... New York via Ancon.. Mar. 8
1 Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 8
j San Pedro... ; Humboldt Mar. 9
i Denderah.... Seattle Mar. 9
PC Arena.... Mendocino & Pt. Arena Mar. 9
tQueen San Diego & Way Pts.JMar. 9
6. Barbara... Harbor ....Mar. 9
Vanguard.... j San Pedro Mar. 9
Cascade ' San Pedro Mar. 9
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 10
Roanoke ' Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Columbia.... ' Portland & Astoria 'Mar. 10
*BretXwater. . i Coos Bay Mar. 11
(Vntralia San Pedro Mar. 11
M. F. Plant.. ' Coos Bay A Pt. OrrordjMar. 12'
Santa Cruz..' Ban Pedro & Way Pts. | Mar. 12
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... 'Mar. U
Newburg Grays Harbor ....I Mar. 12
Arctic Humboldt -. ,Mar. 12
Ncbratk&n... Honolulu & Kahulul... Mar. IS
State of Cal.. . San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 13
G. D011ar.... Grays Harbor ........ Mar. 14
F. Kilburn... Portland A Way Ports Mar. 15
City Panama. New York via Ancon.. Mar. 15
St. Paul Portland & Astoria [Mar. 15
North Fork. ..; Humboldt Mar, 15
Centennial... Seattle A Tacoma Mar. 16
China China and Japan ....Mar. 17
Senator Puget Sound Ports .... ; Mar. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier. <
March 7. I [ ~
M. F. Plant 1 Coos Bay direct. .Jl2 m Pier 13
F. Legget. ' Log Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ....I spm Pier 20
Aurelia.... Portland & Way. .l 4pm Pl«r 27 •
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghm] 4 pm|Pler It.
Breakwater; Coos Bay direct | 5 pmjPler 8
S. Cruz ; San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
March 8. |
Homer : drays Harbor 5 pmjiier 16
Arctic . Humboldt ......... 9am Pier 2
Siberia China & Japan 1 Pier 40
Et. P«ul. .. Astoria & Portland 11 amiPler 24
Curacao... : Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11'
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports.. 1 pmiPier 2
March 9. - :
Eureka Humboldt 1 » ami Pier 13
Vanguard. . Humboldt 8 ami Pier 27
Corona j Humboldt 1:30 pi Pier »
Porno ....... | p t . Arena & Albion Cpm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sequoia ' Wiliapa Harbor ... 12 mi Pier 20
Nevadan... Hono. A Kahulul. 8 pm Pier 23
Cascade... Grays Harbor Pier 2
March 10.
N. Fork... Humboldt 9am Pier 20 '
Jeanie.. ...J Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
■) March 11. - , - j
Point Arena Point Arena  ! 4 pm Pier 2
Roanoke... Los Angeles Ports. 1 1 Pier 13
Coos Bay. - i Newport A Way . . 9am [Pier 11
City Puebla" Puget Sound. Ports. 11 am ' Pier 9
Acapulco.. N. Y. ■ via Ancon..l2 , m Pier 40
Dcnderah:.« Hamburg & Way.. 12 m 'Pier 19
San Pedro. Humb01dt.....:... 4 Pier 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor .... 2pm Pier 10
March 12. ]
Pomona..-.- Humboldt 11:80 p!Pier 9
Queen San Diego & Way,' 9 am Pier 11
March 13. . ' . ,; ■r,
Columbia.. Astoria ' & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S. Barbara Grave Harbor ....' 4pm Pier 10
March 15. I |
Maripoea.. Tahiti direct .. It am Pier 7
March 16.
Sierra..... Sydney & Way Pts ! 2pm Pier 7!
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am ! Pier 9
March 17. •■ | > ;. I
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor ..... | 4 pm|Pler 10
" ~~ 7 FROM SEATTLE. '. ~"
Steamer. Destination. * | Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Portland. . . . . Beld(*'ia A Way Ports. Mar. 10
Dolphin Skagway Ac Way Ports. Mar. 11
Santa Ana... Valdee &■ Way > Ports. Mar. 1C
Ramona ...... Skagway. & Way Ports. Mar. IS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March 6.
Btmr Coronado, L.u*dquist 37 hours from
I Redondo. :
1 ~Btmr Shasta. Hansen, 36 ' hours from San
■ Pedro. ••-.■.-.■...
; Stinr State of California, Thomas, -41 hour*
i from San Dif^o. - - ■> ■■.'._• .
Stmr Jame*. S.'Hlgginv Hlggins, 15 hour*
from . Port Brigs, bound south, called In to
land passengers. .
Stmr Acme. Reed, 72 hour* from Columbia
River.' " - . '■ ' - ' ; '
Stmr Czarina. Duggap, 48 hour* from Coos
Bay. •■■_•-•• .-■-.'".- ■ •'•'r -•■■.-■■■•-■■■■■•
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 44 hours from Ban
don. / •■' / . '■■- ' •- »
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. 3 hours from
Bolinae . v-&a**Jsai*zr.ftu /Jam/to i VkM *tm*r«
CLEARED.
Monday. March 6. '
Br stmr Algoa, Zeeder, Yokohama and Kobe;
p MS S Co. >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
.STEAMSHIPS SIERRA. ACAPULCO
AND NEVADAN, WHICH ARE
FOGBOUND OUTSIDE HEADS.
Br stmr Inverness, Clarkson, Yokohama and
Kobe: O * O S S Co. »
Stmr "Whittier. ' Diekson, Portland; Union
Oil Co. -
Stmr Senator, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Towrretnd; P C 8 S Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts, San Diego; P C
S 8 Co. •
Btmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; P C 8 8
Co.
Stmr Rosecrani", Johnson, Portland, via : Mon
terey: Mat nun Nay Co.
Bktn Robert Sudden, Jansen, Santa Rosalia;
Co!i:;>ania de Billo, ■
•;>.> SAILED
Monday. • March 6.
Br etmr Inverness, Clarkson, Yokohama and
, Kobe. . r>
t-tn-.r F. A. Kilburn, Merriam, Eureka, Coos
■ Bay and Portland.
Stmr Premiss. Ahlstrom. Astoria.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Portland via
Monterey. 1
Stmr KeW6boy. L*e." Crescent ■ City. ' l
Stmr Northland. Jarnleson, San Pedro.
Stmr Senator. Wallace, Victoria,. B. C, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Swangon, Eureka. • .
Stmr James B. Higgina. Hlgglne, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Navarro. Kalntn, Coquille River. .
Stmr Coronado, Lundqulst, Gray* Harbor.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing. •'• <sj
Fr bark General Foy, Arnandteon, Sydney
Head*.
Bktn Robert Sudden, Jansen, Santa Rosalia.
Schr Eva. BJornstrom, San Pedro.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega.
Echr Fortuna, Anderson. ' Coqullle River.
RETURNED TO PORT. ".-<" • ".' - ' ...
-■ Mar — Stmr Mandalay, Smith, hence Mar
4, for Crescent City, on account of machinery
being disabled. ' '
SPOKEN.
Feb 17— In lat 32 N, lon 45 W, Ger ship
Peru, from Tacoma. for UK. -
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— l2 MIDNIGHT.
Stmrs Sierra, Nevadan and Acapulco.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LOBOS, Mar. 6. 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind NW; . velocity 0 miles per hour.
. . DOMESTIC PORTS. .
UMPQUA RlVEß— Sailed Mar 3— Schr Uly,
for San Francleco.
Arrived Mar Stmr San Gabriel, from San
Pedro. . ■ . ■■".-■
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Mar 6— Schr Jas. H.
Bruce, lor San • Pedro. "
Arrived Mar s— Schr Mildred, hence Feb 20.
Sailed Mar C— Schr Alpha, for San Pedro.
REDONDO— SaiIed Mar <$— Stmr Coronado,
for San Francisco; schr R. W. Baulett, for
Grays Harbor; stmrs Vanguard and National
City, for San Pedro. . , t
Sailed liar B—Stmr8 — Stmr Cascade, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed out Mar 6 — Schr Colum
bia, from Ballard, for San Pedro.
Passed Mar o Stmr Asuncion, hence Mar 3,
for Seattle. ■•,- - / ,
Pawed Inward Mar 6— Etmr Centennial,
hence Mar ;t, for Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA— Mar 6— gtmr
Queen, hence Mar 5, and sailed for San Diego;
stmr Coos Bay. hence. Mar 3."
BALLARD— SaiIed .'Mar 6 — Schr Columbia
for San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Mar 6, 7 a m—
Stmr National City, from Redondo - - '■-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Mar 5— Stmr
Chehalis. hence Mar 2; stmr Olympic, hence
Mar a. . ." ■"".- -  " ■ . ':
Balled Mar — Schr Fearless, for Guaymas
schrs Dauntless, and Dora Bluhm, . for Bah
Pedro; schrs Falcon and Santa Barbara, for
San Francisco. • ■ ■ /■ ■ ■
ABERDEEN— Arrvied Mar s— Stmr Che
halls, hence Mar 2.
BANDON— Arrived Mar 6— Schr Ruby, hence
Feb 2L
Sailed Mar 6 — Schr Advance, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Mar Stmr Pasadena
hence Mar 4. • ' • .
Arrived Mar 6 Stmr Noyo, hence Mar 6
Sailed Mar o— Stmrs Conora. Eureka. North
Fork and Phoenix for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar Stmr Kamona. for
Skafcway. . • :■: ■
ASTORIA— BaiIed " Mar Stmr W. H.
Kruger, for San Francisco. ■
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Mar 6—
Stmr Centralia, hence Mar 4. and tailed for
San Pedro. • • '
SAN — Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Samoa,
hence Mar 4; stmr Vanguard, from 'Redondo •
Btmr Coos Bay, hence Mar 3; gtmr I Cascade,
from Redondo.
Sailed. Mar — Stmr Coos Bay, for San Fran
cisco. • '--■■■■ •:-.■■ ■■_•■■- ' ■ ■ ■--■'.-.■
COOS BAY— Sailed Mar : 6— Stmr Chlco for
Bandon.- ' . \ - r
ABERDEEN— Mar 6— Stmr Santa
Barbara, for San Francisco; etmr i Santa . Mon
ica, for Santa Barbara; schr ' Caroline, for
San Pedro. ■ . • • ' '•■ . >•
Arrived Stmr Chehalls. hence Mar 2; stmr
Newbure, hence Mar 2. .
1 ISLAND PORTS." '.'' -/
" MANlLA— Arrived Mar 2— US' Btmr Sher
man, Jien6eFeb 1. '-.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar — Bktn Coro
nado, hence Feb 12.
ELEELE— SaiIed Mar C— Schr Rosamond,
for S*.n Francisco. *: ;. ' ~,, -. ..
KAHULUI — Arrived, Mar 3 — Stmr Argyll,
with bktn JTullerton in tow. hence Feb 20.
Sailed Mar s—Stmr5 — Stmr Nebraskan.for San Fran-'
cisco. :•' v ' ■ ■ •'- ■-"■ ■■■■ '■ ' ■ .'- ■ '
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE SPARTEl^— Arrived Feb 25— Br stmr
Ras Bera. from Manila, for New York.
GENOA — Arrived Mar I—Fr1 — Fr ship Vauban
hence Sept 24.
BEACHY HEAD— Pasßea Mar 4— Br chip
Sardomene, from Rotterdam, for San Fran
cisco.
ACAPULCO— BaIIed Mar 6— Stmr City of
Pars, for Ban Francisco.
PORT SAID — Arrived Mar 6 — Br stmr In
drsniayo from New York.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Mar o— Bk Home,
ward Bound, hence Oct 18, for Hull.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Mar (J— Btmr Melville
Dollar, from Hakodate.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 6 — Ger ship Peru
from Tacoma. ' '
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Mar 6— Ger ship E.
Emllle. from Oregon.
ST. VlNCENT— Arrived prior Mar 6 — Ger
stmr Abydes, hence Oct 7, for Hamburg-.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Mar 4— Ft ship Bureouf,
for San Francisco.
FREMANTLE— SaiIed Mar 6— Bark Mary L.
CudhtnK. for Newcastle Au». f
VICTORIA— SaiIed Mar 6— Br ship Nelson
for U X; gtmr Ramona. for Skagway.
Memoranda.
Br stmr Algoa, bound out to Kobe, anchored
down the bay this p. m. on account of heavy
fog.
The tea cigarette has taken the place
of the morphine tablet with many
women of the smart set in London. It
is extremely injurious; within a fort
night last month twenty victims of the
habit were taken to private eanatorl
ums.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Paciflr Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 6—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 32-3CTNew York 82-80
Chicago 38-S2 Philadelphia 40-28
Cincinnati 6C-34 Plttsburg 44-90
Honolulu .H, 1..74-60 St. Louis 62-96
Jacksonville 68-52 Washington 40-28
New Orleans 78-54 1
SAN FRANCISCO 74-50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dato as compared with those of the same date
I last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eufeka 0.00 23.12 43.02
Red Bluff 0.00 25.35 20.86
Sacramento 0.00 14.H0 ly 76
San Francisco .... 0.00 15.82 13.23
Fresno 0.00 8.02 3.fttf
Independence 0.00 1.68 l.<* 2
San Luis Oblspo. .. 0.00 16.33 8.80
Los Angeles 0.00 12.16 3 25'
Ban Diego 0.00 10.6» 1.96
THE COAST RECORD.
§ 28 S? *3 ** I
1 13113= X «
STATIONS. | 11*3 ■ -,|R j?
• :'■ V'% : ' '■': • §
;•••'■ :'■•'. ',
Baker : .30.28 58 84 NW ; Cloudy .00
<*r?on 30.06 60 30 NE ! Clear .00
Eureka 30. 68 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno ...'. . ,2a-.92 70 54 NW Pt.Cldy .00
8. B. Fara110n.29.95 55 53 NW Foggy . 00
Flagstaff ....28.W! 54 30 N Cloudy .02
Independence .29.02 72 48 .NB Clear 00
Los Angeles.. 29. 68 52' W Clear 00
Mt Tamalpais.2o.97 68 59 N- Clear 00
North Head 44 .......
Phoenix 29.78 70 68 W • Pt.Cldy T
Point Reyes.. 2B.Bl 67 60 ■N . Foggy OO
i Pocatello 80.04 58 34 '8 W Clear .00
Portland "..-... 30. 22 64 46 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.96 82 58 - N Clear ' .00
R06ebur5;\\7.30.16.'62 58 W Pt.Cldy 00
Sacramento ..28.90 76 64 NW Clear 00
Salt Lake.... 30. 02 60 40 NW Clear .00
! San Francisco. 06 74 60 W Clear 00
S. L. 0bi5p0..29.88 78 56 N Clear 00
San Diego..V. 29. 86 .64 60 NW Cloudy 00
Seattle 30.88 56 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.32 58 36 NW Cloudy 00
Tatoosh 30.36 50. 42 E , Clear 00
Walla Walla. 3o. 30 66 44 \S - Pt.Cldy'CO
Winnemucca .30.12 64 28 N ,• Pt.ady .00
Yuma .....:. 29. 82 80 02 NB Pt.Cldy 02
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Light showers continue In Ariiona and a
thunderstorm is reported at Yuma.
The temperature continues warm In the In
terior of California, with afternoon tempera
tures ranging from 75 to 80 degrees
Fo « Prevails at Point R«yes, Farallones and
in the Qolden Gate.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending mlflnlg-ht, Marfh 7:
California, north of Tehachapl — Fair Tues
day; light north winds, with fog on cdast In
morning.
California. nouth of Tfihachapl— Cloudy Tues
day; llnht north wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday
lUht north winds, with tog.
Lou Angreles and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday
ligrht east winds.
Sacramento— Fair Tuesday; cooler; light
smnh winds.
Fresno— Fair Tuesday; light north winds
A. G. McADIE, District. Forecaster.
%EE TAYLOR UPSETS
DIGNITY OF COURT
In Reply to Superior Jndge Troutt's
Question She Says, "It's None of
Your Business."
Mias Bee Taylor, the former clerk
in the War Department at Washing
ton who was ousted for an attack on
the Philippine policy, again comes to
the front in* an attack on the authori
ties. This time the outburst occurred
in the court of Superior Judge Troutt.
The Judge asked Miss Taylor a ques
tion yesterday regarding a suit in
w*iich she is a litigant. She snappily
responded "None of your business "
The judicial dignity was visibiy
shocked.
The remark gave Bailiff Denny Sul
livan an opportunity for quelling an
incipient riot, and he responded with
alacrity. After a few words of cau
tion and reproof the case was set for
trial on next Thursday, stress being
laid on the time of hearing when the
information was conveyed to the
irascible Miss Taylor. She is suing
for a share In the estate of her uncle
Joseph D. Taylor.
Mrs. Squires' Fate Postponed.
Judge Cook has not yet allowed Mrs.
GrAce Squires, the woman burylar, to
go on" probation. The Judge had re
ceived an anonymous letter giving
four addresses where it was alleged
Mrs. Squires had lived and had borne
a bad reputation. A detective wag em
ployed to make an investigation and
found at two of the addresses that
the woman's reputation was good and
at the other two Mrs. Squires was
not known. That disposed of the
anonymous writer. As a few articles
stolen by the woman have not yet
bten returned to the owners, the
Judge continued the^case till to-day.
If these articles are returned the pro
bation order will probably be signed.
Knocked Down and Run Over.
Charleß IJower, twelve years of age.
living at 224 Fremont avenue, ran in
front of a cable car at Haigrht and
Stelner street* on Sunday afternoon.
He stopped to whistle for three other
boys, not observing a horse and buggy
that was being driven in the opposite
direction. He wan Btruck by the
horse, knocked down and the wheels
of the buggy passed over him. The
horse was driven by A. J. Johnson of
the cruiser Boston. The boy was car
ried to Dr. J. M. Stowell's offlce, 696
Haight street, for treatment. His
right ear was torn off and he was
.otherwise injured.
ALAMEDA SEEKS
SPACE AT SHOW
Commissioners Argue With
the State's Representatives
to the Portland Exposition
DISCUSSION PROLONGED
Proposition Is Made That
California Building May
Be Enlarged to Get Room
Alameda County wants space for a
county display in the California build- '
ing at the Lewis and Clark Exposition.
In a conference yesterday at the Com- I
migsiontr'B headquarters in the Palace j
Hotel, at which the Alameda County
Commissioners were present, the Call- ,
fornia Commissioners to the exposition ;
set forth that the commission saw no '
way, in view of the limited space the |
State building supplies for exhibition i
purposes, to -provide for anything but
a' collective State display with sec
tiorial representation therein.
The Alameda Commissoiners are ;
Wilber Walker, Theodore Gier and W.
H. Weilbye. They were also Commis
sioners for Alameda County at the St.
Louis Exposition. They met the state
ment of the California Commissioners
with tho propositic-n that Alameda
County would gladly provide sufficient
money for an addition to the California
building. Commissioner Weilbye said
that the California building has a yard.
It would be possible, in his opinion, to
fence in and roof over some of the
outside apace and make It an integral
part of the California building without
interfering with the Mission type of
architecture that has been adopWd.
The California Commissioners did not
wish, the State building having finally
been approved by the Governor, to
make any alterations in the building
plans.
Then the Alameda County Commis
sioners urged that no representation
was provided for the section imme
diately about San Francisco and Ala
meda County. The sectional subdivis
ions include the Sacramento Valley,
the San Joaquln Valley, the Sauthern
counties, the North Coast counties and
the Central Coast counties as indi
vidual units. San Francisco is not
doing anything to be represented. The
Alameda County Commissioners, so
said Mr. Weilbye, would be willing to
combine with San Francisco in the ex
hibition line. The California and Ala
meda County Commissioners talked
some hours and the ground was laid
fat a full understanding of the wishes
of Alameda County.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
INSOLVENT CLRRK.— J. P. Rice, clerk.
San Francisco, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the U. S. District Court. Ho
owes t&.'67 and hns no assets.
TO DISTRIBUTE ESTATE.— James J. Gore
van, executor of the. will of Mary Ann Gore
van, his wife, filed a final report of settle
ment yesterday *n<J a petition for the distri
bution of . the property valued at $40,358.
SWEDISH COMPANY TO PRESENT COM- !
EDY. — Brandstedt's dramatic company com- !
pofed of ; Swedish talent will give a Swedish
comedy in two acts next .Saturday evening at
Turn Ver»ln Hall, .253 Turk street. After the
performance there Will be dancing.
-' GARBAGE . LAW ASSAILED.— The Su
preme Court heard arguments yesterday In the
contest instituted to test. the validity of the
Oakland . garbage ordinance. The case was
ordered submitted on briefs and a decision
In the matter will be rendered within a few
months. i
WILL GIVE BENEFIT CONCERT.— A con
cert 'to be followed by a' musical sketch will
b» given at S3 Steuart street this evening for
the benefit of the Seamen's Institute. Those
In charge of the affair promise that the enter
tainment shall be of unusual merit. ' j
UNLAWFUL USE OF MAIL. —M. H.
Meadows, alias Dr. R. H. Weston, R. Brook
Lee, alias Dr. R. Brooke Sterling and H. Syl
vester, were arrested yesterday by the IT. S.
Marshal for disseminating through the malls
circulars advertising appliances and drugs to
be used for unlawful purposes.
VERDICT AGAINST MARBLE COMPANY.
Chris Bodes who has been suing tb* Vermont
Marble Company for $50,000 damages as the
result of an accident in the company's works,
,«!« awarded $2250 by the Jury yesterday in
Judge Hunt's court. Bodes fell tw*nty feet
and Injured his spine.
BURGLAR IS SENTENCED.— CharIe* Jef
ferson, convicted on two eharires of burglary,
was sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday to
perve two years in San Quentln on each
charge. Jefferson on December tt entered the
rooms of Joseph Boland and J. W. Orewiler
at 24 Tiffany avenue and etole articles from
each.
SAYS DRIVER IS DEFAI'LTER.-E. P.
Van Pelt of the River Express Company. 1 1
Druram street, obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Cabanlss yesterday for the arrest
of Charles Buchanan, a driver, on a charge
of felony embezzlement. It is alleged that
Buchanan collected $52.65 on Saturday and
failed to account for it.
WANTS AN INJUNCTION.— Judge Sea
well yesterday took under advisement the suit
for an injunction by the Petaluma and Santa
Rosa Railway Company to restrain the Cali
fornia and Northwestern Railroad Company
from preventing them from crossing the tracks
of the latter at Santa Rosa.
AUDITOR BROOKS TESTIFIES.— WiIIiam
Brooks, auditor, land and purchasing agent
of the Sprinr Valley Water Works, was un
der cross-examination yesterday in U. 8. Com
missioner Heacoek's court by Assistant City
Attorney John 9. Partridge. Nothing new
was developed, the testimony being confined to
the values of the pieces of r«»! estate owned
by the company.
MUST SUPPORT HIS MOTHER.— John F.
■Whelm, assistant manager of Moore. Hunt tt
Co., was ordered yesterday by Judge Truott to
pay $15 a month toward the support of his
mother. Another brother contributes $15 and
it is said that family difficulties led John
Wh«lin to refute to contribute. Besides hold
ing a good position, he has valuable prop
erty on Masonic avenue.
ROBBER ARRESTED IN BAKERSFIELD.
Louie Sing Is under arrest in Bakernfield and
Detective Ed Gibson will leave to-day with
a warrant to bring htm back. Louie is the
last of ths four highbinders who broke Into
tht etore of the Wah Sing Company, 72-4 T>u
pont street, on the nfght of May 30, 1902, and
assaulted and robbed on* of the clerics. The
other three are now serving terms — Wong Kee,
twenty years; Gee Gum, fourteen years; and
Woo Shuck, twelve years.
WANTS A RECEIVER.— Victoria Hathaway
brought suit yesterday against the Queen Oil
Company, Charter Oil Company. Bun;et Oil
and Refinery Company. Crown Oil Company
and the California Consolidated Oil Fields Com
pany for the appointment of a receiver and an
accounting of fund*. She claims ownership of
stock In the- Queen Oil Company and alleges
that the management has spent money In the
purchase of lands, thus Jeopardizing the Inter
ests of the stockholders.
ARMY IMPROVEMENTS PLANNED.— !
Word was receded at the departtt»#ht quarter
master's offlce yesterday that contracts had
been awarded for the construction of twenty
one new buildings at Point Bonlta. The work
will coat a trifle more than $2im>,iKX> according
to the termn of the military appropriation bill.
The contractors must have the ta»k com
pleted within sixteen month». Bids will be
opened to-morrow for the construction of a
barracks building at Fort Baker. A oor.tract ;
was let yesterday for repairing a road dam- I
aged recently by a washoot at Fort Rose- (
crans.
C«rtlcn Will Lecture.
An illustrated lecture on "The
American Invasion of Europe" will be
delivered at Steinway Hall to-night by
Lietenant Lynet Carden, U. 9. R. C. S.
The lecture is given under the auspices
of Troop A, Cavalry, National Guard
of California, and the proceeds will be
used to pay the transportation of the
troop to the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion. Lieutenant Carden has made an
extensive study of the subject for the
Federal Government. The following
committee has arranged the lectur/e:
Lieutenant E. Carr. Martin C. Bolts,
Fred Bartheli, J. Steinman and R. L.j
Eamondon.
GRAND JURORS
ARE EXAMINED
Eppingers Challenge Panel
and Individual Members
for Bias and Prejudice
EFFORTS UNPROMISING
Motion Is Made to Set Aside
the Indictments on That
and Many Other Grounds
When Herman, Jacob and Joaua
Epplmjer and James Darnings ap
peared in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day to plead to the indictment charg
ing them with obtaining money by
false pretenses, motions to set aside
the Indictment were filed by Attorneys
Budd and Murphy on behalf of Her
man and Jacob Eppinger and by At
torney Pelxotto on behalf of Josua
Eppinger. No motion was made for
Demings, but it was agreed that his
case would stand on the same footing
ac the others.
The motions were made on the
grounds that the Indictment had not
boen found, indorsed and presented as
prescribed by Use Penal Code; that
the names of witnesses examined be
fore the Grand Jury or whose deposi
tions may have been read before it
wore not inserted at the foot of the
indictment nor indorsed thereon; that
a copy of the testimony given before
the Grand Jury was not delivered to
the defendants; that person or persons
were unlawfully permitted to be pres
ent during the sessions of the Grand
Jury when the charge was under con
sideration, and that there did exist and
now exists good grounds for a chal
lenge of the panel of the Grand Jury
and individual members of it.
The following members of the
Grand Jury were examined: T. P. An
drews, foreman: William V. Bryan,
Pfcretary; George A. New hall, P. F.
McCarthy, John H. Speck. H. J.
Cordes, John Porcher, William B.
Bundschu. Andrew M. Darts. D. H.
I.ohsen. John T. Sullivan, G. A. Hare,
K. J. Boires and Jamesa. Smith. The
attorneys for the defendants sought
to prove-that bias and prejudice exist
ed in thte mirrds of the grand Jurors
in filing the indictment, but they were
not successful. Newhall admitted that
at the time of the failure of the firm
he had expressed an opinion, but that
did not prevent him from acting fairly
and impartially.
Further evidence will be taken this
morning. Attorney J. C. Campbell was
present on behalf of the prosecution.
YOELI/S OLDEST DAUGHTER
HAS A BUSY DAY ON STAND
Attorney Hoefler, for the Contestant*.
Exhaustively Cross- Examines
Mrs. Evelyn A. L«vy.
Mrs. Evelyn Amelia Levy spent all of
yesterday in Judge Kerrigan^ court
■ under the grilling cross-examination of
! Attorney Hoefler, counsel for the con
: testants. She was made to repeat in
detail the testimony given by her last
: Thursday, in which she told the his
tory of her father's business and social
relations. Many time* the attorney
sharply questioned Mrs. Levy with a
i view o! causing her to contradict her
self, but failed.
One thing Hoefler did establish, how
ever, was the fact that a feeling of
bitter animosity existed in the heart
; of Mrs. Lew toward heY sister-in-law.
She said also that her sister O«nevieve
had attempted to estrange her father
and herself and that only by persistent
efforts could the witness prevent a sep
aration.
In describing her father's business
relations, Mrs. Levy said he felt
' ashamed of the dishonor attached to a
family whose debts were not paid. She
said her father declared that creditors
were cheated and that Mrs. Yoell kept
the names of creditors off the court
. list.
She then went on to describe how she
stepped between her father and her
sifter-in-law. Mrs. Dunn, at a time
when she was certain Mrs. Dunn was
going to strike her father. She also
told of her own impertinence to her
father, which, in his kindness, he later
forgave and forgot. When asked by
Attorney Hoefler why she was for
given, she said that her father found
j out that she was provoked to it by the
1 influence brought against her, and he
saw the circumstances In their true
light.
BENEFIT FOR ST. JAMES
CHTOCH PROVES SUCCESS
T.arpe and Fashionable Amltence
Gatli^rs at Richmond Hall and
Result Is Substantial.
A substantial benefit was given last
night at Richmond Hall. Clement
street, for St. James Church, of which
the Rev. S. J. Lee is rector.
The hall was crowded with a fash
ionable audience and the entertain
ment waa hugely enjoyed. It consisted
o/ instrumental and vocal numbers,
the laughable antics of a versatile
ventriloquist, recitation specialties and
a farce.
At the close of the entertainment
the Rev. Mr. Lee was congratulated
on the artistic and pecuniary success
which attended the benefit. The pro
gramme was as follows: L. A. Lar
sen. bass soloist; G. M. Marks, at the
Cecilian piano player; Professor But
terfleld, ventriloquist; Mi»s E. Be«k
man Rawles. soprano soloist: W. J.
Hynes. specialties; Professor D. M.
Lawrence, tenor aoloiat (Cecilian
piano player, accompanist): Professor
A. F. Worbes, violinist (Cecilian piano
player, accompanist); Miss Florence
Fletcher, recitations (selected); D.
Ward, barytone soloist; farce, "The
Minister's Wife."
Too manj' men waste time arguing
about the religion they haven't got.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Free Gas Range Offer
Would catch your eye, wouldn't it now? Well, com-
pared with the time, trouble, worry and dirt you
now have, a gas range actually costs you nothing at
all-r-that is %
A Good Gas Range
such as should be in every home and which ydu
can buy cheap for cash or on installments from
THE GAS CO.
SENDS APPEAL
TO WASHINGTON
Citizens' Alliance Think*
Marine Engineers' Union
Does Not Obey the Laws
KILLNG IS REQUESTED
Organization of Mechanic*
Is Snid to Have a Power
Superior to Government
The Citisens' Alliance believes the
Marine Engineers' Union is exercising
an authority beyond that allowed by
law. Accordingly Herbert George has
dispatched the following communica
tion tf> the Secretary of Commerce and
Labor:
Your memorialist ha» the honor to present
I th* following facts respecting a potential re-
I straint and hindrance of commerce in coast
' and <Je«p water shipping. The la* requires
that all marine engineers shall, after exam
; ination by the Federal Inspectors, receive the
! license of th« Unite*! States to pursue their
! calling. Th* law requires that an applicant
for examination am * licensee shall present tb«
| signatures of two Licensed engineers I* in-
I dorsement of his application.
. This proper and necessary law. restricting
[ marine engineering to the licensees of the Gov
| ernm«nt.' li Intended to facilitate commerce,
and to enchance th- safety of Ufa and property
on the high seas and In other trade In ' which
' registered vessel* and boats are . employed.
* The license of th« engineer confers an exclu-
I sive privilege upon Its holder. No one else, no
i matter what his skill and experience, lacking
: the Federal license, la permitted- to enter th»
{ vocation of a marine engineer. MM the Hc«»n.->«
. confer* an exclusive privilege; It also Impose*
i an obligation upon the licensee.. He Is, in a
direct sense, the benetieiary and repres«sitativt
;of his Government. His license Is in the na
1 ture of an enlistment in • service, from which
, others are excluded, ana in which he is to
: consider his obligation to hit employer and his
Government as paramount to all other obliga
tions whatsoever. As his license commands
respect, he must respect it when held by other
license*:.
RESTRICTS MEMBERSHIP.
Tour memorialist has the honor to repre
: sent that, by reason of a combination between
' j numerous licensed marine engineers in the sea-
I ports of the Pacific Coast, in the nature of an
\ exclusive union, other licensees are forbidden
i and deprived of the right to work at their
caning under their said licenses; that the said
union of licensed engineers, oy refusing to ad
mit <o Its membership other skillful and ll
wwed engineers, mill-lies the license of th»
Federal Government, destroys its efficacy as ■
permit to follow the vocation of the marine
' : engineer, and asserts the superiority of the
permit of the Marine Engfneers* Union to th«
license of the United States.
And your memorialist has the honor to
represent that the Said Marine Engineers'
Union. •by affiliation and federation with,
unions of firemen, stevedores, marine cookj and
waiters and sailors, is able to completely deny
employment to skillful and duly licensed ma
rine engineers not of its membership^ If such,
licensed engineer, being a non- member of this
union, secure employment on a ship, sailers,
firemen, tooks. waiters and sailors refuse their
duty, ana stevedores and longshoremen's unions
refuse to handle her cargo. Under this system
of affiliated - unions, ■ the licensed engineer
refuses duty when enjoined to do so by hit
union's rules respecting a sympathetic strike.
By such means and such violation and mis
use of th» rights acquired by th* license of
the United States, ships are subjected to Ones
by unions and combinations, their discharge
of cargo Is delayed, and commerce is re
strained and hindered.
CITES PRECEDENT.
Your memorialist asks that your department
take such steps as will protect commerce by
making- the Federal license of a marine engi
neer paramount, and what the law intended
it to be. his sole permit and warrant of right
to employment in his licensed vocation. and
that tie assertion or authority in a Marine
Engineers' . Union, superior to that of the
United States, shall be prevented by revoca
tion of ' the licenses of all engineers who asso
ciate - themselves) in such, union.
As a precedes* or the guidance at your .de
partment In considering this case, your memo
rialist has the honor to refer to synopsis of de
cisions of the Tsiasury Department for th.»
year ISyS. from No. 13.621 to 14,366, page
017. synopsis 14.205.
In that case the river pilots and the rapid*
pilots on the Upper Mississippi River, being
Federal licensees, formed federated unions. The
rapids pilots refused to take over the rapids
of the river any steamboat not . piloted by a
member of the River Pilots' Union. The mat
ter being referred to the Solicitor of the
Treasury, that efflcer decided that the fed
eration of these two unions, and the purpose
of each union separately, constituted In taw
a conspiracy to the hindrance of commerce,
"rendering' the officers who were parties to th«
same justly liable to suspension, or dismissed
by revocation of their licenses, under section
4450. Revised Statutes, without any further
act of misconduct on their part."
■ Your memorialist begs to represent the
analogy between the two cases.- and prays that
you will take such coarse as will end the
assertion by th-» Marine Engineers' Union t.>
power and authority superior to that of tho
Government itself. ...
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBIA ARE
PREPARING FOR PILGRIM A<.K
Plan to Attend the National Conven-
tion, Which Opens in Los An
geles on June 4.
A joint committee meeting of the
Knights of Columbus was held at the
headquarters. Columbian building, last
night. Richard Doolan in the chair.
The object of the gathering was to ar
range plans for the pilgrimage to th^
national convention at Los Angel ■«
beginning Jine 4. It was decide. i
that after the week's deliberations th--
Kastern visitors to the convention
shall be invited to pay a Tistt to
Francisco, where a special entertain
ment will be arranged.
At the meeting were the Rev. Fath
er McQuaide, Jp.mes Oilmartln, Frank
M. Cerini. T. J. Savage, D. E. O'Con
nell, T. H. Fallon. W. H. Langdou.
Sidney P. Robertson. Philip Fay, J.
W. Finn end D. F Supple.
Another Juror Needed.
When Judge Cook took his seat
the bench yesterday morning it re
quired two juror* to complete the
panel to try Allen Goucher, charg"*!
with the murder of Policeman Eugene
C. Robinson. By three o'clock only
one had been accepted and a new
venire was issued, returnable this
morning. The juror accepted was L.
Arnstein. 585 Market street. Th
fense has exhausted all its challenges.
L. Wagner, coppersmith. s«> Mission
street, who had been summoned as i
juror, was fined $10 for contempt of
court. He got his father to appear
for him on "Friday and the father bad
to admit that it was the son that h t I
been summoned.
1112
THE^CALL
JOIIX D. SPRECRELS Proprietor
Add. ess Communications to
JOHN McX AUGHT. . . . . . . . . >tanagcr
V. J. MARTIX Business Manager
TELEPRONE.
Ask for THE CALI^ The Operator Will Con-
nect Few With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
EditcriaJ Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 O«-
Ter-r.6. by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
' DAILY CALL (inciud. Sunday), 1 year. . . .SS.OO
"DAILY CALL (mclud. Sunday), 6 mos. . 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month fv_*s2
SUNDAY CALL, .1 Year « -£•
WEEKLY Call. 1 Year • • 10 °
■vmriCV 1 Daily... sB Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ■]■ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, j weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering; change of ad-
dress Bhouid be particular to give both NEW
' AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re«
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE;
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
"WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAJTUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, SI
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treinont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
fORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .. 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BtTEINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
•06 Montgomery ay*.; open until 9 p. m.
MO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C3J> McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
3006 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Dunoan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmcre street; open until 9 p. —
U--TZX7Q irOTZCES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A, _
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) W
EVENING. March 7, at 7:30 o'clock. /^fS
Stated meeting. P. M. and M. E.
M. degrees. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sea
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and _!
A. M. — Stated meeting THIS (TUES- YY
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
EDWIN L METER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUBS-
DAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock /V\
R. C. JEWELL, W. M.
A. S. HL'BBARD. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. •
• an<J A. Stated meeting THTSVY
<TUESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. /VS
A. A ANDERSON. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. -12, _
F. - c A. M. — Officers and members *y^^
are hereby notified to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. FRED-
ERICK LOUIS WILLIAMS, from Masonic
building. Railroad and Fourteenth avenues,
at 1 o'clock p. m., TUESDAY, the 7th lnst.
By order cf t^e W. Master.
WILLIAM J. B. WARNER. Secretary.
NOTICE OF MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS.
To the Shareholders of THE NEVADA NA-
TIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO —
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to a
resolution of the Board oX directors of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco ;
unanimously adopted at a special meeting !
cf ■M Board of Directors duly and regularly
held on the _4th day of v December, 1904, a
meeting of the shareholders of The Nevada
National Bank of San Francisco will be held
at the offlce and principal place of business
cf The Nevada National Bank of San Fran- \
cisco, to wit: In the President's room and j
office of The Nevada National Bank of Ban j
Francisco in the building known as the Ne-
vada Bar.k Building, situate on the north-
west corner of Pine street and Montgomery '
street in the City and County of San Fran-
. "Cisco, and also known as number 301 Mont-
gomery street, In said City and County of
Bai Francisco, on Monday, the 3d day of
April, 1905, at the hour of 1:30 o'clock In
the afternoon, for the object and purpose of
then and there considering and voting upon
the following propositions:
I.
To change the name and title of "The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco" to
"•Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco."
11. .»"
To increase the capital of The Nevada Na-
tional Bask ' of San Francisco from three
million dollars ($3,000,000), divided into
thirty thousand (30,000) shares of the par
valut of one hundred dollars ($lOO 00) each
share, to six million dollars ($6,000,000).
divided Into sixty thousand (60,000) shares
of the par value of one hundred dollars
($lOO 00) each chare.
111.
(a) To sell, transfer" and deliver to Wells
Fargo and Company, a corporation, twenty
tnousand (20,000) shares of such Increase of
capital upon payment of three million dol-
lars ($3,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, or its equivalent, and the transfer by
wells Fargo and Company Bank of its good
• will, trade name and banking business in
the State of California to The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of Saa Francisco.
<b) To sell to such persons as the directors
deem advisable, ten thousand (10,000) shares
of euch Increase of capital for not less than
two hundred dollars ($2OO 00) per share.
payable in gold coin of the United States
<c) To increase the surplus of The Nevada
rational Back of San Francisco after said '
Increase of chares li disposed of as herein-
above provided, from one million five hun-
dred thcusand dollars ($1,500,000) to three
■ million flve hundred thousand dollars ($3.-
KO.000) in the manner following, vis: By
adding one million dollars ($1,000,000) out
cf -fie sum of three million dollars ($3 -
000.000) to be obtained from the sale and
transfer cf twenty thousand (20 000) shares
of said increase of capital to Wells Fargo
«nd Company, a corporation, to the present
surplus of one million five hundred thousand
dollars ($1,500,000). and by also adding one
xcilliin dollars ($1,000,000) out of the cash
to be obtained from the sale of ten thousand
(10.000) shares of salt! increase of capital
to the present surplus of one million five
bunCred thousand dollars '$1,500,000). thus
aggregating three million flve hundred thou-
■ sand dollars ($3,500,000).
IV.
To increase the number of directors from
eleven to fifteen.
V
, To amend the articles of association of
this association in such manner as to said
meeting <■ shareholders, or any adjourned
. meeting of ■ A shareholders, shall seem
proper and for the best interests of the
(.hareholders of the association
VI.
To do every and any oth-r act or thine
necessary, proper or convenient to accomplish
the fcrt-iroinir objects and purposes.
By order of the Board of Directors
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
By GEO. GRANT. Its Cashier.
Dated December 24. 1904.
NOTICE TO BTOCK HOLDERS OF THH
BANK OF CALIFORNIA — NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that In pursuance of a
' resolution of the Board of Directors of The
Back of California, a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of
California, passed an. adopted on Tuesday
the SIM day of January. 19Q5, at a regular
meeting of said Board duly held at No 400
California street. In the City and County of
Can Francisco, In the State of California
'toe tame being the banking-house and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation.
and being the building where the Board of
Directors of said corporation usually roeetik
a meeting of the stockholders of said cor-
poration is hereby called for and will be held
et No 400 California street, in said City
and County of San Francisco (the tame be
Jog the banking-house and principal place
- of business of said corporation, and bein_
the building where the Board of Directors
of said corporation usually meets), on TUES-
DAY, the 4th day of April. 1905. . at three!
. o'clock In the afternoon of said day, for the
purpose of considering, deciding and acting
upon the proposition to Increase the capital
nock of said corporation. The Bank of Call-
fornia from three million (3.000.000) dollars
divided into thirty thousand (30.000) chares
cf the par value of one hundred (100) dol
lars <ach. to four million (4,000,000* dollars"
to be divided into forty thousand' (40.000)
«fc»res of the far value of one hundred (100)
? dollars each. By order of the Board of Di-
. rectors. Dated Jan. 31st. 1906 . ALLEN
.'.-> M. CLAY. Secretary of The Bank of Call-
J fornia. . . ; . ,  ; ,
A WEEK'S new* for 8 cents — The Weekly Call
it pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MEETING V OTICE^-C^ntlniaeaj^
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180. A. O. U. x^tt>.
W. — Officers and members, you are i4Essf§
notified to attend.the funeral l of ™£«_^
late brother. Octavla TUESDAY. March
re-Idence. 265 Octavla St.. TUESDAY, March
7. at S:3O a. m. McCOSKER M w .
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
BTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— annual
meeting of tV stockholders of the Union
Iron Works will be held at the office of the
Company. 222 Market street. Pan Francisco.
State of California, on TUESDAY. March
7 1905, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
sack other business as may come before the
meeting. •
CHARLES N. CHAMPION. Secretary- .
Office 222 Market st., San Francisco. Cal..
February 20. 1905.
attobneys-at-i;a.w.
ADVICE free; private, confidential; business
legally and promptly transacted; attachments,
collections', probate, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy; deeds, mortgages, • home-
steads, partnership papers.contracts.wills.etc.
drawn. W. MATTHEWS, ''.."2 "Market, rm. 23.
Open evenings. 7:30 to 8:30. Tel. Black 2332.
Advice free in all legal matt*>rs;prlvate divorces
a specialty; quick: quiet: no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
Bale, Will*. deeds etc.. <ira\\n. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G. W.
HOWE. 1122 Market st., bet. Mason & Taylor.
R. W. KING, Attorney (it-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor entrance room 611; established 20
year«; all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings, by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12: all law
cases handled: no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday envenings: other evenings by appoint-
ment"; call and save money. 619 Market, r. 33.
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 827 Market, room 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304: consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance^ open evenings.
AGENTS WASTED.
SOLICITORS of good address, men and ' wo-
men; only those who can rtfer to success-
ful work; liberal salary. 342 Crossly Bldg.
AUTOMOBILES.
BEAUTIFUL mahogany grand piano In ex-
change for 1904 runabout auto; autocar pre-
ferred. Address Box 827. Call.
CADILLAC automobile. 1903. In good condition,
for sale; will carry 4 people. Box 9251. Call.
OLDSMOBILE for ("ale; run very little; In
best condition. Box 8050. Call office. t
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c, 25c. 60c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas, also
Wlshart. Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
BOARDIKQ rOK CHILDEEN.
WOULD like the care of one or more children
from birth up: large sunny yard; near school.
Box S3BS. Call y
GOOD borne for 1 or 2 children; room for
parents. 85 Rausch. near Folsom.
BUSINESS CHANCES"
A—sBoA — $800 — CORNER grocery on Union St.; rent
$20; 3 living rooms; a place doing a good
business; clean, fresh stock; sickness com-
pels owner to sell. See R. G. WILKE, 26*4
Kearny et.
A $1250 finely fitted up coffee, tea and crockery
store; well established with 3 nice living
rooms; lease If wanted; value in sight; a
bargain. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
RARE — Rare chance — Rare chance —
must be sold to-day; $350 will buy one of
the best located cigar stands, Kearny st.,
close to Market; a bargain; Investigate;
buy. buy and buy at once. If you wish to
make money. See R. G. WILKE, 25%
Kearny st.
A—$1000;A — $1000; restaurant and coffee saloon in
Oakland, long lease, rent $40, a good paying
place and the location the very best. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ssooo;- DELICATESSEN, dairy produce and
tamale kitchen; dally sales about $70; place
established years; easili-.clearing $400 above
expenses; call for particular*. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st,
A— s2ooo: SALOON In wholesale district, place
established 80 years, choicest etock of liquors,
the best class of patronage and a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 28*4
Kearny.
A 11 60; GENERAL merchandise store, the lo-
cation first-class In the Mission. 3 rooms,
rent $16, choice stock of dry goods, notions,
crockery, cigars, tobacco, butter and eggs,
etc.; this Is a flne chance for active man
and wife. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2(>H
Kearny.
A—s6so;A — $650; PARTNER wanted In good paying
saloon on Kearny St.; German preferred. For
particular. R. Q. WILKE. 26 Kearny st.
A—s22so:A — $2250: CORNER saloon, with 7-year lease;
beet location in the Mission; place extab.
years; has large stock and is elegantly fitted
up; rent $55; a place known to be always
paying well. Call XL G. WILKE. 2»V_
Kearny st.
A— $1000; ALL steam laundry; estab. 2
years, but doing now already a business to
clear net $150 per month; Richmond Dis-
trict- Call R. G. WILKB. 2CK Kearny st.
A $1100 UP-TO-DATE machine shoe repairing
plant acres* the bay, complete line of ma-
chinery, business well established, right
place for live -man; owner going East. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A $1000 BAKERY In the Mission, living rooms,
all store trade, dally receipts about $25.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A $1200 COAL, wood, bay and grain yard,
established 17 years. 3 wagons, 2 ' horses,
must be sold at once on account of death
of owner; a good business. . See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $800; LODGING-HOUSE for sale or to ex-
change for chicken ranch; 13 rooms; rent
$35; clears $50 per month. Call for par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny St.
A— s376o; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
corner In the Mission; 4 yeare 1 lease; rent
$76: place doing a first- class cash business
and is known as one of the best paying cor-
ners In that location. I Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. '■
A—s3oo;A — $300; MILK store and branch bakery with
living rooms; beet location In the Mission;
cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Ellis st,; place doing a first-class paying
business; must be sold at once on account of
. sickness of owner. Call R. G. WILKB). 26%
S Kearny st.
A— s3so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis st.; 4 living rooms; rent $17-
a bargain. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s22oo; COFFEE saloon la best location;
rent $50; place taking In above $70 per day;
10 years' lease; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large business; owner has an-
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
sell either one; take your choice: location the
best. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; CORNER fa loon on Sixth st.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first- class business proposition For
partlclular- see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s22oo: CORNER saloon on California st.;
rent $75 : old established business and good
paying place; flne fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery; estab-
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day:
6 horses, wagons and buggy: one of the beet
in this city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar with 3
living rooms; on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
-!•■£ 55It*£: the yer >' best location. Sec
R. O. \WLKE, 20% Kearny st,
A— s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent NO; store doing large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat: value in sight.
See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
WANTED— Partner with capital to take up
and work good placer ground in Peru; must
be experienced placer and hydraulic miner.
Address H. G. HALKETT. Alderbrook. As-
toria. Oregon. ■ • t
FOR sale— A first-class patent for a summer
resort; suitable for the Golden Gate Park;
something new. For full information ad-
dress oVe STAVA PAYER - Engineer, Grants
Pass, Ore.
12-ROOM rooming-house; newly furnished- all
rooms .rented- near U. C. entrance; suitably
arranged for boarding also; rant' $45 per
month: a bargain: price $625 n r.
JUNGCK, 2111 Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
SALOON and grotto for sale. Redding, Shasta
Co., the liveliest mining town in State; must
be fold account of sickness; best fitted and
paying place in town; good location. Inquire
816 Market St.. Ean Francisco, : Calif. •• \ ':■
FOR sale — A fine hotel with bar in one of the
. best Interior towns; .■ nicely furnished and
good stock of liquors and supplies on hand
Address box .£450, Call office. ,
BROOKBANK-BRATTAIN CO.. ■
San Francisco's Leading Agents,
917 Market st., between Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED — Party'"- with small capital; can
- make $14 a day; positive proof. Hours 11:30
to Ip. m.. 219 Kearny et., room 4. •-■-.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued-
A— CAMERON & *CO.——— Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell. . ■ •
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
$900 — Fine little downtown saloon; rent only.
$50; one block north of Market, and ' doing
nice -business; snap for first-class saloon
man. See CAMERON & CO.
1100 — Al grocery ' and liquor store; long es-
tablished fine location; owner guarantees to
I clear $300 per month; ( the fixtures are worth
price asked; retiring rom - business. See
CAMERON & CO.
$1000 — First-class hardware store; well located;
3 blocks from Market st. ; established 6
years; well stocked and doing good business,
but on account of sickness must be sold;
more then value in sight. CAMERON & CO.
O'DONNELL. JEPSON & CO., 1130 Market St.
Heal Estate and Business Brokers.. '
.Rare chances in business at low prices.
Hotel and bar on Sixth st.,-Al; trial given;,
acclceut cause for selling; $2250.
' SI — Bakery and restaurant on Fourth st.,
near Market: average business; $70 per day.
$1000 — Saloon and Improvements In Mission;
one of the best locations; a snap.
Saloon license wanted.
1 • 'zzmz
ONE of the best livery and ' boarding stablee
In the city; large brick stable with 3 floors:
'• 150 stalls; 1 block from Market -st,: has 75
boarding horses, 75 livery horses. 20 hacks,
CO buggies, harness, robes, etc, with lease for
6 years to run. with privilege of 5 more, for
sale in whole or any part of -same; will sell
lease and good will. Address box 7*56, Call
office. '■**-•'■. ' i
HENRY SCHMIDT & CO.. OAKLAND.
856 Broadway, cor. 7th St., room 11.
Real Estate, Insurance, Business Chances,
Collections.
OUR MOTTO:
HONEST REPRESENTATIONS.
FAIR DEALINGS.
JUSTICE TO THE OWNER.
SATISFACTION TO THE BUYER.
DRUG store; doing large and* profitable busi-
. ness; best location In town; Investigate .at
once :v: v no reasonable offer used. > Address
P. O. box 519. San Jose. Cal. .Ty
LEASE for sale of store on Post St., bet. '
Grant aye. and Stockton; fashionable shop-
' ping district. Box 8450, Call ■ office. :
BUTCHER shop clearing $30 to $35 per
week ; first-class locality; In Mission; horsA
and cart; refrigerator; price $600. Cor. Sev-
enteenth and Howard.
GROCERY and bar' for sale In a fine business
location; good Etock on hand; price $1050.
Address box 8751, Call office.
! $76 MONTHLY — man with $300 wanted
as partner; genteel business: must , drive
horse and bugijy. Apply 235 Kearny St., r. 4.
NEWSPAPER route fo.- sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
' at Call business office for particulars.
GROCERY and bar for sale on O'Farrell St.,
close in. Box 8752. Call.
! FOR sale — Grocery and bar: good stock oa
hand: lease; must -ell. Box 8650. Call.
, FOR sale — and billiard parlors In bay
town; good business. Box 8052, Call office.
FOR sale — Account departure; cheap; paint
shop complete. 288 O'Farrell st.. fruit store.
CORNER grocery ana bar for sale; no agents
828 H Twelfth st.
DENTAL office and practice for sale in city.
Box 8540, Call. \
GROCERY and delicacy; have two 'stores;
must sell one; want offer. 1298 Jackson st.
$2000— -FOR sale: livery stable; good stand. In-
quire Landirraf stable. Mill Valley, Cal.
FOR sale — grocery and b_>r. Northeast
comer Filbert and Ftllmore sta.
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly Call.
1C page*. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
! Business Chance Protective anA __efer»
ence Bureau.
I WE are not brokers.
We do not sell properties; we Investigate
and analyze business propositions and give
you the advantages of expert business opin-
ion and advice. - •
We help you to avoid mistakes and .to
make the safest and most profitable Invest-
ment. . -
S. F. BUSINESS CHANCE
PROTECTIVE AND REFERENCE BUREAU.
1101-1103 New Flood Building.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. ■■••S.- F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ■ ■ ■
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for BPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
' ing Works, 335-357 Tehama st, Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, Be. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
TEL. Butter 1981, Star Renovating Co., 680 G.
G. five.; carpet clean., fit, lay.; upholstering.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. First-class
carpet cleaning. 3o yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 800. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263
CREDIT CIiOT— TE—
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CIiOTH RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring ana
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phono Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell, i
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
58 rooms; well located on NE. corner, where
the rent Is less than $4 per room; well : fur-
nished apartment-house; near Larkin st. ; al-
! ways full and clearing over $200 per month;
, owner retiring from business; first-class In-
vestment for $4200; with us exclusively.
7 rooms; flne block; Post st.; rent/ only
$37 50; water free; well furnished; price $250.
TO rooms: modern: downtown house* aheap
'■ rent; well furnished and up to date; has flne
: out of town transient trade; never clears less
I than $300 per month; dissolution of partners
cause of sale; exclusively with us. :
An elegant 88-room family hotel, catering to
■ Ban Francisco's best people; furniture, carpets
I and draperies of the best; everything up to
I date; nothing better In city; guaranteed to clear
' $1000 per month above every expense;. will sac-
rifice for half oost to furnish; price $24,000;
exclusively with us.. • .
16 rooms; rent only $75; oak furniture: good
carpets; all housekeeping; only 2 rooms to
look after and clears a nice little Income;
price only $800. _ ;.*
28 rooms; flne downtown location;, well fur-
nished and doing good business; clearing over
■ $160 per month; will sacrifice; If sold within
a few days.
60 rooms; fine new building arid elegantly
I furnished In weathered oak, mahogany . ; and
! blrdseye maple; Axmtnster and velvet carpets;
: long lease; will guarantee to clear ■ $300 per
i month; never been on 1 market;, sickness cause
I of 'sale; only with us. ,
87-room. new, modern" apartment-house; '• ele-
I gantly furnished " In mahogany, oak and blrds-
j eye maple; vefvet carpets; 2 and 3 room apart -
I ments; 5 years' lease; all , full; obliged to go
; East; only with us. .. . • ■ ■
80 rooms: new and elegantly furnished; fine
: central location; 8 years' lease; here Is chance
for experienced -business woman to make some
, money; on account of sickness can be got for
1-3 cost to furnish; price $1000.
'20 rooms; fine location; rent only $76; oak
. furniture; ■ good carpets; mostly housekeeping;
all full will take $800 to get In; balance
i can be paid out of house; price $1200. •
80 rooms: first class; new* transient house-
i well . furnished and doing flne business; owners
are getting old and wish to retire from busi-
ness; price $2500. .. , , . / ..'..W ■
14- rooms; cheap. rent; 'good furniture and
carpets' all housekeeping; close In on good
street; fine little home; . price $750. :
A. - CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
>-,;-.:..' . FISHER & CO., .-...; ' -,:■■.■'..
Successors to : Mitchell ; 4 Co., !• In » rooming-
house*, hotels and flats. James " Flood' bldg v
Powell and Market, rm. 436; phone Main 3354,
FOR sale— Manila house, 737% Howard St., be-;
tween Third and Fourth; to be sold at a sac- 1
■ rifice; parties have Ito leave town; any ■ rea-
sonable offer not refused. ;
A — Furnished 10-room '; rooming-house;
party must ; leave; call ; bet. 1 and >2. 613
Ellis st. v '■.-.•<,.•.>,■ .1 ;..- ;:';';-7».-v '.:;;, ..,',.- ;-,;:..
LODGING-HOUSE;' 20 furnished j rooms; "very
-cheap; owner has to leave city. 629 Clay st.
FOR sale— Swell ; . 21-room •■ lodging I house. 7 Call
it Round Corner Saloon. Fremont & Mission.
T.ODQI-fQ-HOTTSES WA-fTEP. -', ;
WANTED— A ' > rooming-house fof? 23 ~ato '. 35
". rooms ; ; state ' price : and x money » cleared. f- 280
Stevenson ' et,, ? tailor chop; "no agents. -t? ■■■-.■-.
Boomlng-Honße- and. Hotels for Sale.
UP-TO-DATE OFFICES. "» - > - ;
MODERN BUSINESS METHODS.
--. ALL TITLES : GUARANTEED;
. Our Services Free to Buyers. <
Money to Loan. Telephone Main 33-4-3.
■■■•-■-*:• MARION GRIFFIN. . D
Bth floor. Room 801.
Llj,: New James Flood' Building:, a
• BTO Market. Opposite "The Emporium."
- Offices Near, the Elevators. : - v .
ROOMING-HOUSES and HOTELS. FOR SALE
No. 1. No. 2. ' ■.;..:-■■
FIRST - CLASS Bargain — 2!
family hotel; cost ' rooms: extra' fine;
$40,000; Al bus!- . new; 6-year lease;
ness; price ' . fine dining room;
825,000.: very swell.
! Investigate It. " . — — =
I- — ■ — — ■- ■ -'•■No.'4.- ■'. i
»'•'- • "r." r . • . /• ■ Transient - house;
No.. 8. >' - -" 40 rooms; rent
APARTMENT- $200; income $500
house of 46 rooms. monthly; located 2 j
Price $2000. Rent ' ' blocks of Market; |
$150; profit $175. " Al business. .
N;ear Post & Hyde. ' •
; » No. 6. ' -
■•.: "' '• ■ •. SNAP; 24 rooms; 1
'-'■ No. 5. $1200: third cash; j
$150 down and : rent $60; profit $60; '
$10 monthly; 10 ' in . good condition.
rooms; on Geary ' ■ '
st. ; quiet, respect- .> : No. 8. ' ■
able. • 42 rooms— s2ooo;
- — — ■ _. - ' corner house;
, '■■('. * ; clears $160 month- I
No. T.'-;- - Iy; will exchange j
72 rooms; new; ■-.' • for smaller . house.
beautiful; clears ~ .' ■: ■
$260 monthly; It's 'i ■■ > No. 10.
a" splendid, apart- ■ ■ - 68 rooms; $5700;
ment house. ... '.' % ■ cash or . ex- J
— — — — __ - change for smaller ■
"i"j- '" V . house; income $430
No. 9.^V . overrent. ,
$6000—82 rboms; • rrr~: —
¥t cash or will ex- No. 12. '
change for real es- To lease, fur-
tats, . . nlshed. 150 rooms;
-' _______ '. should clear $350
• . ... '-.v.,- t monthly ..
No. 11. ri :—-: — - - — :—: —
'■-. 20 rooms— ssso: ' No. 14. /
rent $40; clears $1600 — rooms : 1
$52; electric lights - -*- 1 boarding house; I
. '. profit $85 monthly
and living for 3
No. 13. people.
' "THE FINEST" , — ■
90 rooms; near - ■ No. 18. -
NOB HILL New house; new
Clears $500 month- fumtlure; 87 rms. ; !
ly. • iwell entrance;
■ — — ______ clears $175;- re-
spectable.
No. 15. "^^-^
CORNER. . No. 18.
EXTRA SUNNY. Swell— rooms;
24 rooms full of ' makes $350 month-
flrst-claas roomers. ly; only $1500
——. — , • . down and easy
terms. ,"_,'■-'
- No. 17. -
'81 - room apart- No. 20. .
ment house; 9 un- " ■ Transient"— 21
furnished; $1500; . rooms; $1000: near
clean; north of 1 Ellis and Powell;
Market. v , it's a snap; make
> — j — — offer. .
Not It. . No. 22.
85 rooms; rent $4000 — 48 rooms;
$35; price $1500; profit $200; rent
no dark rooms; $200; corner; 'easy |
newly papered; terms; apartment-
profit $140 month. house.
No. 21. I No. 24. •
$300—8 rooms, 2 124 rooms— s4ooo;
unfurnished; -on ■,- rent $360; roomers
Post .st. ; owner are all business
sick In hospital. ;■ men.
No. 23, V-•■""V '-•'■"" No. 26.
200- room house; 41 . rooms— slooo-
only % furnished; 20 unfurnished; in-
great opening for come $183 over
right person. rent; have you
— • — furniture for 20
No. 25. rooms?
$1400—24 rooms;
rent $36; all house- : No. 28.
keeping; near Van . $600—12 rooms;
Ness and Market. fine furnishings;
"r . near Eddy and
No. 27. Van Ness; $850
$250 in cash and - cash , and $10 1n-
5250 In $10 Install- stallments.
merits; \ 16* rooms; 1
corner (north) No. 30.
——- . WE HAVE! large
1 No. 29. new houses for
$5000 — rooms; lease, or will build
profit $000 month; to suit your own
owner guarantees plans. • •• ■
It. This Is a de- . '.
pendable house. ' . No 82,
—. — —-—r: — -■ — IF you WANT
—^il?- 31 - - t0 °uy a house on
EXCHANGE. . Installment plan,
We have 23 come and see us.
houses to exchange ■ .
for other houses. V" ; '; - ' No 84
■ : B EAUTIFULLY
- ' • No. 33. . \ ■• , furnished; •24
82- room corner . rooms; very swell;
house for $2000; price $2000; $500
net Income $129 60 . down ; we back you
over all expenses; for $1500; Income
terms $1000 down; $112 ' over rent-
we back you for landlady occupies
$1000- . 4 rooms.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
_^y__ _ _ CLAIRVOYANTS. .- _ '. - ■ '
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Assured 5ucce55. ... ....... . . .Assured Success
Succeed when others fall. " ;
R-I-C-H-A-R-D M-A-Y-O.
421 A Ellis st. 421 A Ellis St.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
A clairvoyant known', from ocean' to ooean
as the marvel of the century with a reputa-
tion no unjust criticism can - disturb. ■
-The name MAYO a double guarantee.
Ma
-' - . A - .■■■. . ,I 1 '
'I 80— COMPLETE— _Oo ' : •
READING. . . •.'.-*.
60c.
This includes everything.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter, one word, he will r tell ' you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupation.
Love, Courtship and Marriage. : : » -:>■
Gives truthful revelations of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost - affections*
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
Tells you wheta and *
Whom you will marry. :
s> How to attain success. ; . ■ ■'
Whether your present I business Investments
will- be successful. No - matter what may be
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted
man and. find relief. • His descriptions 'of your !
friends and enemies are as > real las though ,
they stood before you. , He tells you every- I
thing, good or bad; you. hear the truth and i
nothing but the truth. |If you are discon-
tented, unhappy, discouraged, unsuccessful or.
In : ill health, call on Professor. Mayo and he
will aid you In life's greatest blessings,
health, wealth i and happiness. -> > .
All " business strictly - confidential. .'■:;■; : ''-.
,-'•-, 421 A Ellis st... private flat.
.No ; display of signs; Just .the , name.
Hours lo a. m. to 8 d. m. ''..:■ , ,i '.-
Sunday — a, m. to 4 p. m. ,■ .
MME. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
- Clairvoyant and business V medium, . reads !
: your 1 life correctly, . gives accurate > descrip-
t ion :of ; past; '-. reveals . present - happenings;
portrays events to occur In the future; valu- I
able advice on all affairs In life; satisfaction
: guaranteed: 25c. up. 17, Third St., nr. Market.
LIVINGSTONE, / . . ' :.;-' ' : --- ; ". ,■
For reliable clairvoyant ; reading consult
LIVINGSTONE, , -
♦ 26% Kearny. St. . •■■ - -, . ..
FREE TEST— FREE J TEST. ':* ' . .
', Bring this ad this week to Mme. Lynn, the
• greatest ' clairvoyant and ' advisor of 1 the age,
. and get free synopsis of your life. 239 Powl.
ISMAR,' Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St.. San : Francisco.'! Office hours lo
. a m. to sp. m. ; Sundays,: 10 to 12: Wednes-
, . . day evening, . 6 to 8. ' Phone South ; 1141. , ■ : . • ; •
'
MISS IM. . WILLE, 310 ; Bills , St.; ; clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells, you. exactly
-. what you called; for without asking a ques-
j ;.: tion; names given; $1; hours 10 to 8. ■ : .... V
•MISS ZTCMDAR. young gifted Mair. and palm. ■
- has . second 'sight; , a wonderful % prophetess;
, L. 50c, G. v $1 ; names. .' 533 ' Golden Gate aye.
MME. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
. er and palmist: when others fail, try me: good
,read., 25c; no sign;. 102% 6th St., nr. Mission.
MADAM LI KORMAND. clairvoyant and
- trance medium. 126 Turk st. Hours 10-8.
MME. AUGUST, ' great clairvoyant, ■ card read-
: er and palmist; 26c. 50c. JJ 1149 Mission st." -; 1 ;.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, .card-reader, has
\ r returned: sittings dally. 108 6th st.;, rooms 1-2
- ■ /^ SPIRITUALISM. ;:.
DR. RAJ AH,* the Hindoo; most powerful healer
; • In tha world; ; performs ■ miracles daily;; hope-
I - less I cases I cured j quickly ;i diseases ! diagnosed
,: .without asking .a. question. <; 147 Ninth st.
MRS. v KONOLD, '• 148 ' 6th .r Meeting ' every
- night; - all - tests 10c; ladies' dr. Wed., 2:30,
„.: 10c; r read ;dally.V.';,-^.-. ■::>■
MME."- EILKRSFICKEN, 5 spiritual V life •• read-
. : Ings daily; ".25c;: hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
J. 1035 Market st. r '-;':•"-'*:.■ '■*.- '■' '-\. '■'".-'',"■ : ':'■ ?'■
A— MRS. J. J. *' WHITNEY, ,bus. ? medium • and '
?V life reader. 1206 s Market, ■; r. • 14, Gait House.
MME. -.YOUNG' marvelous spirit messages I to-
; night, 619 McAllister st. ; 10c ; ! come j skeptics.
W. ■? G. '- KEEGAN holds -a ?■ test ': seance ev«ry
V night \ except 1 Saturday; \ 10c. 148 \ Sixth « wXi\4
OOX-LECTXOV OrriOES. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
-: city ■or country. ; • Pacific ■ Collection Co., . 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. - Tel. Main 5550.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — Whalebone— Cannot break :
warranted 20 yrs.;; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates,- $5. full set; all ; work : painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
Ci No i charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. |
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush. !
. . Set teeth, $1 50 up;crowns.s2 up; fillings, _sc.
FILLINGS, 25c and sOe; crowns, $2. NEW i
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission, SE. cor. Ctli.
GOLD fillings, 75c;. silver, 30c; crowns, $2; no j
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lOlH Grant ay. j
DR. :R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Slitter st. and Grant aye. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — '
- Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
1
Accordion, and knife pleating. Stew- I
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor. j
;r; r ;;;■■; ■ EDUCATIONAL
KRISTER'S LADIES' TAILORING COLLEGER
■ As announced, we -»re now open at the ■ *\
Majestic Bldg., 1281 Market st., rooms 508"-510."
«' .j Ladles, bring your material and make your ,
' own suits under first-class Instructions.
, . Pattern drafting, designing, tailoring and
. dressmaking taught. ■ -. . .-• , f
'. ."- We ■ also ■* do custom - work at reasonable i
prices, guaranteeing perfect satisfaction. -
MR. end MRS. JOSEPH BTACH, Principals.
— THE LYCEUM, an . accredited preparatory
.'• . school for university, law and medical col-
lege; rets., Professor Jordan' or any Stanford ,
profejsor; day, eveng. session. Phelan bldg.
E.R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand typing; $5 month; life scholarship
. $50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest !
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo |
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining/electrical, steam
and gas engineering. j Send for prospectus.'
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur- !
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van I
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. I
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math..- etc.. day and !
- eve. : individual . Instr. 305 Larkln st. Prof. |
T. A. Robinson, former pre.s. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.. 24 Post St.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
PARTIES wishing to learn to read and write*
English, ' lessons private; foreigners taken.
8542 Seventeenth st. . .
IRVING' Institute School for Girls, 2126 Call- j
fornla st. ; Easter term begins Tuesday, Jan-
uary 3, 1005. j
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COL- '•
- LEGE. 1382 Market St. _■ Send for catalogue. ,
METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness j
aye. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres. i
SPANISH — method, easy learning; dally '
lessons. 4t09 p. m. Room 42. Parrott bldg. )
FRENCH.Spanlsh.German.Eng.Mlss HEMPEL.
formerly pupil of Prof. De Fillppe, 951 Sutter. |
Arlth. .gram. .bookpg., shorthand, ss mo. :day,eve.; j
indlv.lnstruc. Western Bus. Col.. 1281 Mkt.n.9th |
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per- !
sonally. . Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and |
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine Night class.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception 1
of advertisements and subscriptions has been !
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth, j
Open until 11 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Weekly Call. 1
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. I
■— — — ■■ — — — — ■ -————■ —————————— ——-—-1 1
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce Japanese-
I Chinese help. 426 Powell St., tel. Main 575-.
JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSH Y. 415 Stockton at. ; te 1. Bush 880.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay.
CHINESE Employment Offloe — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411*4 O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 816 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — PEiIAXiE.
— BOOKKEEPER-cashier; young lady; ex-
pert accountant; all modern systems; quick,
accurate ; highest references 4 j years last |
position: could take full charge. Box 8559, j
, Call offlos. ' . ■ I
WANTED — By I competent ■woman, position as j
working housekeeper for ■' ladles who are j
away during day or first-class summer resort .
or country home; highest of -references. Box >
8444. Call office. . ■ i
REFINED lady wishes position of trust; work- |
ins housekeeping; full charge; no incum- |
ranee; no objection to children or old peo-
ple. Inquire Vendome, 1104 Market st.
WANTED— a neat young woman, a situa-
j tion to do general housework; is a first-class
cook; best of references. Address M. P.,
828 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good ■ 'plain cook;
handy all-round; reference. Call 402 O'Far-
rell St.- , '. ' . '
DESIRE situation for housework; good plain
cook. Call 29 Williams st., bet. Jones and
Taylor. •
A FINNISH girl wants housework. Address
1118 Fifth aye., South San Francisco; phone
' Ohio 14. -..-•■. . - ;■■■'■
TWO Spanish and French ladles wish work,
cook and housework; first-class | cook; pri-
vate family. Address 703 Stockton st.
A GIRL wishes situation In American family;
general housework. Address 206*4 Rltch st.,
' off Bryant. . • . - .
TRUSTWORTHY wor-.an, i good cook and
v : housekeeper, • wishes position; best of refer-
ence. 495 Geary st.
A STRONG young woman .wants cooking for j
men; ranch or mining camp; thoroughly ex- .
perienced. 462 Geary . St. -■ - . ■
A SITUATION wanted by a strong, elderly
woman, cook or housework; ■ wages $15 to- j
- $20; city or country. 1100 Powell st.
COMPETENT, , . reliable '. and • refined woman '
.would like position as caretaker; highest of
references,' ~. Box . 8446, Call office. .-■
AN experienced - dressmaker to take sewing |
home; fancy shirt waists a specialty.- Box j
8228.- Call office. .
GIRL wants place to do general housework. ln i
small private family; home cooking. Please :
call 2222 Post st. ■•.-.* .• |
A COMPETENT, young woman 'wants genera! :
housework; ref. ■ Phone > John 3266.
A YOUNG woman wants situation at upstairs
work or as lady's maid. Call at 1148 Larkln.
A FIRST-CLASS : laundress would like to take j
washing home. Call or address 217 Tehama. 1
A > COMPETENT, educated '-. woman as com- j
• panion or invalid's nurse.:,; Box 8490. ■ Call. ,
■ ELDERLY' American ;■ woman , for -\ housework
and cooking; good home and moderate wages;
no mail answered. MRS. : SMITH, 1065' Mar-
,- ket st. .' ; ■-.; ; - ■-.: .•„'-> ■.;;'. ' . -'. : '/'
YOUNG ' woman J wants position as I housekeep-
er to take care of children; good references.
Apply 1759% ; Howard st. > ,;.;.
A WOMAN wants place, ? general housework
;- and cooking. 1779 Halght st. j -
YOUNG woman [ wants | position f as . housekeeper |
a* or light work. v Apply 1769 & Howard st. , <
YOUNG lady wishes position as upstairs girl
- ' ; or lady's maid: f 8 years' experience: refer-
' ence; speaks' German and English.; Box
: 8406. Call office. \\ -V ■--■"' ; - -:}-' > . ■■' j
A ' RELIABLE girl ) wishes i position to do up- ,
■* stairs : work and plain sewing; make herself
.; generally : useful ;> best city ; references. . Box I
7974. : Call office. :.-- ;■ "I
YOUNG : lady -wants position ; In ; doctor's ■ office
-or as assistant In office work ■or 1 saleslady;
' experienced ; best -of . references. : Box 7550,
■;o Call. •-•■.■•.-.■,.:'■;■,',• ,'i":,V-%i/ ; v^.-.V. :.- : . ■'• . 1
EXPERIENCED stenographer and general of- I
• ; flee v assistant ', desires i position. •' Box "r ' 7lTl, '
'-;;-- Call office. '■-:•-. ■•:■:- ■:.^':\ .>■■ :: ~ -_s:; . !
A PRACTICAL nurse ' with • good .••' reference
: . would like to -nurse and; care for an invalid
.' lady. ;t Call 'at 1410% Geary , st. ,• ;r; r *
YOUNG woman wishes ; position *In country ,to I
v, do I plain : cooking and ; light housework; Lake '
.-;•: County preferred. '; 477 McAllister st. !
11 ■ 1
MIDDLE-AGED f ; woman V; wants to care for ;
■'■-■ home 3in owner's ? absence; -; references. v ; 402 I
■ O'Farrell st. i .:..i.it"--.^.''':.v'-' '•?->?. '":,:■- '-'-'-- -\- :
YOUNG lady wants position as bookkeeper and
: j typewriter: ' two , years' ' experience; can "give
- ..- good ,' reference. ■-.«, Box r 8360, Call ', of flee.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation in, small
-'■•<, private ■ family. 149 First st. s v '■..'' ■'. ' \- ■
SHIRTWAIST I suits ? from $3 up; plain sew-
' ing. 3340 Twenty-first 5t. :..;,-.
GOOD • business woman wishes - situation; ' cap-
in able- of taking full charge. Box 8544,' Call. - .
1 EMPLOYMENT "WAU'l'd)— MAl_t .
A YOUNG man of good appearance 1 and habits
desires a position as collector. Inside, outside
salesman or stock clerk in any mercantile
line; his appearance makes him fit a so as
floor walker; hus been employed a* ledger
man in flrstArlass house for 2 years and can
furnish best references. Box Tool, can.
WANTED— A position of j trust, or as sales-
man by a young married man of pleas ' n «
personality and good appearance who can
furnish a cash bond and references: must be
. with a first-class house doing a strictly le-
gitimate business. For personal interview
. address box 8565. Call office. ■
YOUNG roan and wife (Danish) would like to
get work in the country, or charge of place,
man understands care of horses, cows 1 and
ranch work of all kinds: handy with tool.-.
Apply WILLIAM WESTERGARD. 724 Golden
Gate aye., basement^ •■» - ■ .
A HANDY man. CO. slr-gUv use tools^irepalring
around buildings, has knowledge ,0* .parting
and shipping, wants position in wholesale
house; will accept small "ages to ; start
with; no liquor job wanted. ; Box 8561. can.
YOUNG married man. with five years' 'expe-
rience as stenographer and ■ bookkeeper
■wishes to make change to like position with
. large mercantile house. Box 6569. Lali.
A YOUNG man of 20, with I years' experience
in the hardware business, wishes position
filling orders or Belling goods; best of refer-
." ence.. Box 7749. Call office. *
V A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery and barroom,
good references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
COLORED caterer and chef, first class In each.
best of references. wife assistant, likes place;
resort or city. Box 8563. Call office.
COMPETENT barber (German, lately arrived)
desires work. Address MAX BOCHOW. 635
Btevenson st. . '.■■ ■ '
WANTED — as a machine blacksmith or
work In railroad shop; any place In city or
country. Be* 7962. Call office. >
GOOD baker (Easterner) wishes work as eoc-
5 ond hand; bread or. cakes; city or country.
Box 8254, Call office,
GROCERY and bar clerk, with city experi-
ence, wishes position. Address Clerk. 038
Larkln st. ' . - .. -■ ".
FIRST-CLASS barber would like apposition;
city or country. J. FERGUSON. 222 Qough.
SITUATION— flttsr wishes work.
Box 8-68, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted as foreman in machine
shop, factory, toolroom or any large plant
where services of a strictly flrst-clas% ma-
chinist and toolmaker can be profitably em-
ployed at $100 and found: will go an* place
in the world; am an extra good designer on
special tools where work Is wanted in large
quantities. Box 7818. Call office.
DAIRY foreman to take charge of dairy of
250 cows; must board men and give refer-
ences; • state nationality and experience.
Box 8441. Call offloe.
PAINTER and paper hanger; has all tools;
all work guaranteed and reasonable. Paint-
er, 1638 Eddy, phone West 2383.
RESPONSIBLE young man about to. travel
East desires representation of local concern
on Atlantic Coast. - Address box 7963. Call.
ELDERLY, active man wants work as chore-
man around ■ resort or care ■ for horse and
garden; wages $12 per mon. Box 8268. Calk
GERMAN, speaks English, experienced metal
polisher and tinner, seeks position. 794
Mission st. • .v .*'}
CEMENT finisher wants work by day or con-
tract. Box 7913. Call office. _.- ■-
YOUNG man with horse and buggy wishes to
collect or other work. Box 7797, Call office.
GARDENER, first-class (single), of long expe-
rience In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situa-
tion on private place; references. Box 8387.
Call offlce. . * .; •
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wants permanent
position: 20 years' experience in landscaping
and greenhouse work; best of references.
Box 8343. Call office.
MIDDLI9-AQED man desires occasional odd
jobs of any kind, having a few hours a day
to spare; more or less for physical exercise.
Box 8484, Call office. . .■ V
YOUNG man '(German), honest, reliable,
strong, willing worker, desires a position In
the gold fields; understands cooking. R.
KROPS. 925 A Jackson st.
A - FIRST-CLASS lunch and short-order cook
wants steady position; moderate wages. Call
or write 739 Folsom st.
PRINTER — rapid Job compositor and
stoneman wishes steady position. Box 8413,
Call office. - . ■ .■ .
CARPENTER First-class carpenter
wants work; city or ' country; best refer-
ences. Box 7726. Call office.
SHORT-ORDER cook; young man; steady, re-
liable: not afraid of work. WADE, 31 Bth.
YOUNG man wants any kind of work; day or
night. Box 8231, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German barber wants steady
.work. Address box 8230. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Icecream maker desires posi-
tion; best references. Box 8423. Call.
STABLEMAN, small stable, or watchman;
day or night. Box 8275, Call office.
HONEST Japanese couple want a position:
man plain cook, wife general housework; in
family. K. MUTSUMURA, 451 Jessie St.;
phone Folsom 2742. '. ''
A YOUNG, faithful Japanese boy wants situ-
' ation as waiter at table and housework in
good family In city. C. KAKI, 3389 Sacra-
mento st.;. phone Reiner 2771.
A A — JAPANESE couple wishes position: man
to cock, wife* t-> wait at table and do house-
work. G. H., 417 Jones St.; phone Hyde 1675.
A JAPANESE, nice boy. wants position at any
kind work, from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m. FRANK.
1771 Pine St.; tel. Sutter 3296.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants place in private
family as ccok; good references. 1 1215 v
Pest st. j '
A YOUNG, faithful Japanese boy wants etlua-
tion as waiter at table or do housework in
good family in city. C. KASA, 3380 Sacra-
B>;nto St.: tel. Stelner 2771. - y
— Experienced waiter (wages $30
month) wants position in good family.
HFNRY. care Japanese Mission, . 2318 Cali-
fornia it. •■','"' ' ' ' '
A A JAPANESE couple wish • positions, man
to cook, wife to wait at table and do house-
work. G. H.. 417 Jones; phone Hyde 1675.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position to do
work. TAYA. 54« Haight; tel. Page 3028.
A JAPANESE competent first-class cook I de-
sires a position In private family: has. refer-
ence FRANK T.. 2118 Devlsadero St.; tel.
, Scott 518. . --. '_."',. . .
A JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants posi-
tion In small hotel or family boarding-house.
:• H. A.. 708 Taylor st.. city. -.- _.
A FIRST-CLASS cook. Chinese, wants position
i In hotel or restaurant: city or country. Ad-
! dress 734 Sacramento st. ■
! CHINESE, good cook, wants place In family;
$35 -to $40. GEE DUCK. 815 Dupont st.
CHINESE, ■ first-class ccok, family and hotel.
917 Dupont st. • • . ' .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yr.
J __CHA3TO~. '
TO exchange for a good road horse, suitable
■ also for light ranch work. 200 shares of the
stock of the United Crude Oil Company:
tion-aEsessable: company now has _ large
producing wells: horse must be gentle, sound
and well broke. Address W. J. WHITE. _«
Montgomery St.. room 8. •■■ _'.:_i.._.
FX-fANCIA--
! REALTY Syndicate ' Continental B. and L,
Pacific States B. and L. and all building and
loan certificates purchased at top price 512
Call bldg.. or 107 Crocker bldg.. 9. T.. Cat.
REALTY SYNDICATE CERTIFICATES.
' ■ PRIVATE party will pay S5 cents on dollar
i - If sent at once: can use for real estate.
1 Box 7135. this office.
' WILL, pay t'Oc for Realty syndicate certificates.
.W. E. BARNARD, 476 10th St.. Oakland. '
FURNITURE WAICT_D.
i "WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS" — We ' pay
' the most money for furniture, carpets, office
linings."- merchandise and houses. MARK J.
" LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st., be-
tween 9th and ICth. • Phone South 179.
I Vv vV ..- .■ • ; ..,'.. ,;r ABE I.F.VV. .* — -~ "
■Salesroom 1135 Market st. Tel. ; Jessie 761.
! Don' t sell your furniture, ; carpets, office - fur-
. liltutv. etc.. until you get his estimate.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tet. Bush 813.
i CALL on Alf red, Wollpert. 773» Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red -4462.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
rtr*HiTtm_ ~08 sale
A couch $2. bedlounge $_ furniture bought,
sold. exchanged. ■ Anderson" s,lf)Turk;telSouth 883
FOR - — Furniture of 3-room 7 flat cheap.
- 353 ■> Minna st. - • . ■
fTi*TB TO _ST.
HOUSES and Cats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-58 Geary
St.. on the square^
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacaat place In San Francisco 0-1
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
IfCO Market st.. opp. McAllister.
SUNSET— Ninth aye.. 200 feet from park en-
trance. 6 minutes' walk from park musio
stand, museum and other attractions: - *•
" room $23 upper flats; Nos. 1230. 1230 A;
take blue car, foot of Ellis at. direct. »
AN exceptional offer to permanent tenant wit*
good references: new. elegant flat of 9 large
sunny rooms; owner on premises, _-3 p. m.
1161 'Turk St.. near Laguna.
I NOE. 156-158— and cheapest flats in city,
yard, sunny. 5 rooms and bath. UilU&E^*
I yard sunny. 5 rooms and bath. L_.iJ»E-N
A CO.
! NOVELTY In flats — 4-rooms. with all «aodenj
Improvements to make home comfortable. *!■
and $20. at Twenty-second and Church sts.
NICE sunny middle flat of 5 large rooms and
bath; 2 nice mantels; rent reasonable. -UI
Post st. ___________»_.
' NEW upper flat to let. rent reduced to $37 80,
7 rooms with. salon parlor. 1439 FL.mor*,
near Ellis. -
I TWO modern Cats. • and T rootM •*<*:
adults: rent reasonable. 3847 BeT_iteen_i
St., near , Dolores.
FURNISHED upper sunny fiat. » room- and
bath. for 6 months;- adults, --1 Capp st.
TO let — $28; sunny lower flat, 5 rooms — —
bath. 200 Trsmont aye.
MASONIC ay«., 1823— _ annaylo— «
flat. 9 rooms and bath; opea from If f 4
GREEN 18148. near L_r__ — sues?
flat, 5" rooms, bath: low rent.
BUSH. 1868— 9 elegant Urge sunny *■•«_»« •
rooms If rented will pay entire rent; $_L
BRODERIC-, 1312. near O*ary--«u_xr 10-ws_>
flat 4 rooms, bath, cellar, yard: nasocishla.
, 1
PIERCE. 247— « sunny rooms and bath* mod-
ern lmpTov«n-P— : $26-
UPPER flat. 4 sunny rooms; rent $14. Tl4
Natoma st.
ALL bright upper Cat. 8 rooms, bath. ICCSJ
Mason St., near Sacramento.
NICE sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1123*4
Filbert et., near Hyde. '
OAK, 946. near Pierce — Sunny upper flat •_ I
rooms and bath; modern: rent reduoed.
MODERN lower flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent
$22: will be tinted. 3344 Sixteenth st.
MODERN sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and _•_-;
rent $23 50. 3»48 l«th St.. near Dolores.
POLK 2510—2 new flats. 6 rooms and batS:
rent $30 and $32 SO; grand bay view.
CENTRAL are.. 400. NE. corn e-r Fell —
8-room sunny flat: key 1583 Fell st.
TO let — Flat of 2 rooms. 308 Fillnaors, corner
Halght St.; rent $10. -
NEW. sunny flats, 8 rooms, bath: rant $23.
300 Clement it., Richmond District.
DEJVISADKRO. 1810-1814. nr. Bush T rms.,
bath, reception and flne laundry; low rent.
STEINER, 1327, cor. — Flat, furnished: 8
rooms; all sunny; $35 a month.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms; entirely separated.
901 Eddy st : *
! LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 118 Montgomery at.
I CHEAPEST and best in America, — Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
fLATS TO let _*xr__fisaxz>.
ELEGANTLY furnished- 12- room flat; clears
$50; sanny; centrally located; bargain. Box
836« Call. -.
MCALLISTER, 38 — _ or 3 sunny connecting
rooms. Ist floor; gas, bath, yard: 8 rooms
for sals. " ' '
SUNNY »-room flat, furnished, rent $40. 1123
Turk st., near Jefferson Square.
SUNNY flat, 7 rooms and bath, gas range:
adults. 4.*i_» Fourteenth st.
FLATS FOB SA.__— PTJ__fl__t__>.
N_W~DOWNTOWN CORNER FLAT "~
On " Eddy it for .. sale:- Axminster <^UT>e«s
throughout, mahogany and maple furaitur*.
everything complete, dishes, range, etc. ; In
use only one month; rooms rented pay $40
over rent: 2 best rooms reserved; rare
chance; occupants to take larger house; must
sell; credit If desired.
Apply .' STERLING FURNITURE COM-
PANY. 1039 MARTCET ST.. opp. McAllister.
FIVE rooms, furnlsfied complete, must sell:
make offer: rent $__!. Call at 108 V, Fourth
street. '
A SUNNY flat .of 8 rooms. . nicely furnished:
cheap. 1162 Scott St., corner Eddy.
MODERN flat of • room? and bath. oak for* •
llture. 1127 O'Farrell at., near Franklin.
____> WAJTTKP—
A — DOMESTIC Exchange— Private and Select.
MRS. C. F. CHRISTIANSEN. 482 Geary st.
Man. wife. Menlo Park, .most time alone. ss©
Cook and second girl, -same family. .$25-130
Girl, housework. 8e1vedere. ........ 523 to 130
Nurse, assist baby $20
First-class cook. 8 adults $30
Competent person, care for Invalid, hotel.
Girl. pen. housework. San Aaselmo. 8 .$23
Cook. 3 adults. 2d girl kept $30
Second girl, would take Inexperienced.... slS
GIRLS to learn hatrdreestng. manicuring, mas-
sage. etc.. from A to Z in two weeks; tuition
0 $5 to those entering now; 5 positions to fill
Immediately; guaranteed $12 week up; day
and eve. class. College 233 Geasy St., room. 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn miUlnc— r trade for
spring; 2 seasons from start to Qntslktn on*
mo. for $7 50; positions guaranteed #15-- wk.
up; 8 positions to bo filled at oni*e; day and
e?e. class. School 143 Stockton vt.. room O.
LEARN at Paclflo Halrdresslngi School*
whole trade, halrdreaslns. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc. : positions waiting. $10 a week apt
day and evening classes." 133 Pow_l st. |
LADIES — Every afternoon this week from 1
to *. MADAM BOREIN will gfre fres>
demonstrations and free sample* . of tit* fa-
mous iln cleanser and purifier "HOKARA"
at HOLERS HAIRDRESSTNO OOLL_OIO,
640 Sacramento St.: halrdresalng, manicur-
ing and facial massage -free; trade taught
In 4 weeks; call or write.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON O~S"R-
ALLS. .JUMPERS AND COATS; XT> _X-
PERIBNCB N_CEBBART: ST-OADT Wt3R*Ct
GOOD PAY. LEV I STRAUSS _ CO. C*4
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN O> KLAND, COR. 10TH ANI> C3-AT STSL.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS o**
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADT WORK; GOOD PAT. %
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GO UGH
AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED HAND IRONER9 ON FLAT*
WORK. STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER
GOUGH and GROVE STS..
— _— 1 — — _— _——_»» * -
. WANTED— A neat refined girl to assist with
girl baby of 3 years: flne home: car far*
paid. Call 2730 Vallejo- St., near DevtsadeJ**.
"YOUNG woman to go on road In vaudeville
sketch; must possess good face and figure;
not over 22 years old nor 5 feet 4 Inches.tall;
. experience not necessary- ] Box 8300. Call.
WANTED — Experienced ribbon bow maker.
Apply Superintendent's offlce, PRAGEK
' COMPANY. Market and ' Jones sts.
YOUNG * girl < for general housework: no win-
dows, ,no washing: wages $25: call morn-
• Ings.' 1522 Broadway.
WANTED — A girl for general housework, as-
sist plain cooking: $15; reference. - UUSVi
Golden Gate aye. > . ,■>■ '
A LADY'S maid. $25; » cooks. $.10: 6" house-
girls. ■ $30: 4 second girls. $25;. nurse, child
3 years old. $20. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason.
CASH girls from 14 to 1« years, of age wanted,
. Applr between 9 and 11- a. m. at HALE
BROS.* . • .'■ - '
WANTED— Housekeeper for' machanle's fam-
ily;, permanent home Tcr ristht party: $lo
t month. Box SMI, Call offlce. . . -
LADIES' millinery in 1 mo. for $5; position*
guaranteed: eve.' school only. 233 Geary/ r.15.
WANTED — Experienced pants finisher*. Ap-
ply 49 Geary st, -.JMB____Hl ■s_Mßß__HELP WiHTBD- »EaULiE~Oon«nned. !
4 COOKS. German families $30. $40
Cook, scice washing, city $30 i
Housework. 3 in family, Ross Valley $30 '■
2 maids and seamstresses $25
2 cooks, mall hotels, city.... $25, $30
Infant nurse, city, reference 5 ...... ......530 ,
'J. nurse girls, bujhu children $20. $25 j
Laundress, for hotel, country, far* paid.. s2s ,
Chambermaid and waiting, country $25 ,
Housework 5n country $25
Waitress for hotel, city .V.....523 j
Parlor maid and ■waitress $23
Mjlii and wife, country hotel, $75, and 40 i
housework girls, city, at $20. $25, $30. Call '
J. F. CROSCTT & CO.. 834 Butter.
WANTED — Alteration hands on skirts Apply
R. D. DAVIS & CO.
NEAT sir! for • aeral housework; good bom*; j
references. 1716 Octavla, corner Pine.
WANTED — Girl for light housework: no cook-
ing, no washing: $15. 41S Folsom st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $18.
2122 Leavenwcrth st
WORKING housekeeper, young, no lncum-
brance; email wages; good home. 8445, Call.
MILLINER for city; permanent position. Box i
ST.SS. Cull office.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
cooking. MIS Bush st.
GOOD rirl; light housework: good home; email
family. C 23 Halght i»t.
GlF.L— General housework, small family; rood
v.osf:t: rf-'prc-nces; 9-12 a. m. 2022 Broderick.
COMPETENT second girl; plain sewing. S2O
Walnut st; apply morning.
GOOT> restaurant waitress; wages $•.; one day i
a wefk K. 7 Taylor st
WANTED — Maker to sew straw. FREEMAN,
mi'llnery, 435 Geary. . !
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework. j
7W McAllister. * ■
J -I
GIRL to assist In housework; oar fare, 719 ,
Cole Et, above Raight
A STEADY manicurist wanted at 21 Eddy st.i
barber Fhcp.
GIRL for housework; four In family: $20. Ap-
ply li»88 Bush st. ■
ENERGETIC young- woman for opportunity
with business house where there is rood
chance for advancement. Box S24S. Call.
ITRST-class operator on custom pants: also
finishers; steady work. 411 H Kearny St.
APPRENTICES and first-class makers wanted
In millinery store. 692 McAllister st.
YOUNG rlrl to attend door from 1 to 5:30 In
exchange for musical education. 301 Eddy.
WAITED — Ladles to !«>arn the barber trade;
fin to $19 w«»-K?y MOLER, 644 Clay St.
BABBEKS Employment end Supplies.
BARBERS' supplies to satisfy every barber on
the Pacifft Coast are now being slaughtered
by STOLTZ, 723 Market st. who has pur-
chased TV!il & Finck's barber supply dept.
BARBERS, Attention! Barbers, Attention!
First-class 4- chair outfit; French plate mir-
rors; complete; up-to-date bargain. 21 6th. j
FOR cale — Two-chair barber shop; $75. Ad- |
cress A. L. HANSEN. Broderick, Tolo
County. Pal.
BARBERS— Hoy Feathers Is wanted at th*
Golden Gate Shaving Parlors. 1838 Union st.
BARBER wanted. Address W. G. TURNER,
Black Diamond, Cal.
TO let — A barber shop. 236 East st.
FURNISHED barber shop to let. »51
Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER shop fur sale cheap. 319 Grant aye.
FOR sale or rent — A 2-chair barber shop.
GG7\<i San Jose aye.
♦ CHAIR barber shop; cheap; owner going
East. 21 S Montgomery aye.
HELP WATTED — ICALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
Experienced hotel room clerk and cashier,
first-class hole!, south $50. room, board
Janitor. $45; janitor, institution, $20 found,
bookkeeper, $60; coachman. $30 found.
First -class chef, hotel $80 found
CO Greeks, also Interpreter, track work,
noith, $1 DO-J2 jay.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A OAMP cook. $s©-S6O C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 4£3 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for country, $35. see i
boss this morning: asejf tant - foreman for I
"railroad. $.".0 and board; farmer and wife,
$50 to $55 and found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; 3 laborers or muckers for a mine,
J2 tO day: 2 miners, $3 day; 2 carpenters. JS
day: handy yard man for hotel, $20 and
found; reman and attend machinery for
hotel. $20 to $25 and found; cook and wife,
country hotel, $75 and found; bellboy, $15
and four*'". ranch cook $35 and found; and
other*. .1 F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento et.
AT HORD A SMITH'S. 05 Third st
Doughnut baker, $2 to $2 50, city.
German cook, $11 week and found, fare $1 25.
Milker. $30 and found. 20 to 25 cows, fare
51 30.
Driver and collector, German or Scandina-
vian. $15 week, must deposit $200.
Cabinetmaker, bench hand. $3 50, fare $1.
Tfarr.sters, bay chore, $2.
Elderly man, light chores, So and found.
Carver, furniture factory, $.'{ 50.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, 50 per cent com-
--ion.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st.
Second cook, first-class hotel. $80;' French
cook, £!«■. waiter, family hotel, $30; waiter.
$l(t a week; waiter, small country place,
$20; potwasher, $30; kitchen hands, $10 to
$30; laundry washer, $25; helper, $20; as-
sistant waiter, bus, $25; gardener's helper,
private £lace. $30; etc.
A — WE ere getting positions every day; can
get you one. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, ■■■■■■ st.
A THOROUGHLY competent grocery man as
manager cf department, also 2 all-around
clerks, for gen. merchandise "tore In country.
Address, with references, box 8562, Call.
WANTED— Bright boy, 14 to 15 years old, a*
err*- boy; good chance for right boy.
KIRK. GEARY & CO., 112 Geary st., S. F.
WANTED A young man to help wait at table
sr.d open oyeters; steady work and good
wages. 418 Pine st. ;
A MAN to work In a fruit and vegetable store;
must know the business. A.' TAVANO, 323
San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED Cash boys from 14 to 16 years of
«cc Apply between % and 13 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .
WANTED Young men for steam whalers.
Apply Hnmboldt House, 78 Jackson st.
POY about 14 years of air*. Box «567, Call.
■WANTED — Young man to act as salesman and
Tight work. 529 Fifth st.
A GOOD shoemaker on repairing; steady work,
2*ol Mission st
A YOUNG man handy with carpenter tools.
341% Turk st.. between 7 and 8 a. m.
YOCNO man; butcher. Sonoma Market 1830
Polk Bt
WANTED — Two men to learn a trade; must
have jlO security. 212 Flr»t st. ,
WANTED — First-class floor walker; must
have first-class local reference and local ex-
perience; state age. experience, where previ-
ously employed and salary expected. Apply
_ box 7C29 - Ca » office.
MEN to learn barber trade at a special rate
for next 5 students; 8 weeks completes: po-
sitions guaranteed; only college in San Fran-
cisco with expert Instructors. Call or write
GILLMAN*S Barber College. 827 Clay st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; con-
stant practice; expert instruction; situations
secured. Call or write MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 644 Pay it.
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plurcbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973.
75 Easton aye.. St. Louis, Mo.
W ANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall, '.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions; j
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant '■'■ -,r . 1095 Market; open evngs.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolk!n. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 n«w room* to the Denver House,
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 800 per Bight.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: 8 weeks
complete: position guaranteed: tuition earned
while learning. Call or write MOLBR COL-
LEGE. C 49 Sacramento st
WAJfTED A sash and door mechanic; on*
capable of taking charge; $4 per day. Ad-
dregg box S4OB. Call office. '.- . ...
A BOY wanted, 17 to 18. In a furnishing goods
etore; one who will make himself generally
• useful. 206 East st. south.
WANTED— boy, 14 to 16 years; Amer-
ican; livl£« with parents. ' Write P. O. box
2146. giving references.
GREEN hands, blacksmiths,: carpenters. f for
*t**jn whalers, north for •ummer, at HER-
MAN'S. 26 Bteoart st ' '
ITANTED-Aa experienced drummer for
skirts on commission. Box 9300. Oil offlo*.
SELP ANTED— — Continued^ j
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st j
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE-; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment ana Labor Agents.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
64,000 men work. Increase «4,000.
MILKERS AND FARMERS.
30 farrrlhands. milkers, choremen, choreboya,
$18. $20. $25 to $36 and found. '
Man to run National bolt -header machine,
city factory, $3 a day.
Dairyman, Plumas County, good Job, $40 and
found.
. 4 buttermakera, $85 and $45 and found; 18
milkers, $30 to $40 and found; 4 chore-
men. $15 to $30 and found.
Stablemen, stage stable, country.
MARRIED HELP.
Married butcher, near city, $40 and found.
Farmer and wife, Merced County, good place.
$55 and found.
NEW ONE.
ITS good— long JOB,
10 bridge carpenters, $3 day.
20 teamsters, 2 horses, $. .2 50.
CITY WORK.
9 raft men or men handy with cant hook,
good Job, $3 50 day.
THIS IS A
GOOD MINK.
6 hand miners, gold quartz mine. $78.
3 machine miners, tame mine, $90. ■
Hotel accommodations
On this Job: no blankets needed.
BOME GOOD ONES HERB.
Bench hand and machine hand, planing
mill.
10 tlemakers, redwood, 10c to 180 each.
OTHERS.
10 milkers, good steady jobs, $36 and found.
Lunch cook, city saloon, $40 and found.
8 young men for painting, city Job, $10 wk.
WOODS. - .
Head lineman for woods* $110 month.
Hooktender, lumber company, $75.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
LOOK. NEVADA. LOOK.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
20 laborers. Government work, $2 60 day, no
experience needed.
25 teamsters. Government work, $2 50 day.
CARPENTERS.
GOVERNMENT — ROUGH WORK — GOV-
ERNMENT— NEVADA.
10 carpenters, rough work. Government Job, ;
$3 day, men with .few tools can fill the bill.
CONCRETE MEN.
10 concrete mixers, country, $2 50 day.
ROUGH CARPENTERS. ]
10 men, handy with tools, hammer, hatchet i
and saw, for rough carpenter work, coun-
try. $3 50 day.
MILKERS.
8 milkers, same dairy, fare paid, $35 found.
CAMP COOKS.
2 camp cooks, small gang, 14 men, lumber
company, $83 and found.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE.
10 coal miners to go to Oregon, good mine
and good wages; inquire about it.
SPECIALS, i
CARPENTERS' HELPERS. /
10 men to help carpenters, country, $2 50 '
day.
HOUSE CARPENTERS.
2 young men, handy with tools, $2 day.
10 carpenters, housework, country, south,
$3 day.
Paperhanger, country Job, near city, $3 10
day. J
.2 carpenters, city $3 day; plasterer, city
Job,
2 carpenters, ranch, fare $1 10, . $40 and f d.
FOREMEN.
Grading to-emun. understand powder work,
near city; gjt boss here, $3 day.
Foreman m gang teams and general work,
company Job, near oity: good place, $."? day. i
SALESMAN AND BOOKKEEPER.
Young man to keep books and salesman, |
city Ilduor store, $50.
CONCRETE FOREMEN.
2 concrete foremen, country job, see boss
here, $4 day. ■ • .
STEWARD. ,■
Steward for company boarding-house, coun-
try: references needed. $75 to $100 and found.
S?e boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents, dealers, store-
keepers, start in business for yourself on our
capital. We make men's fine clothing to
measure. You can ' sell our perfect fitting,
highest class tailoring at good profit for as
little money others > retail ready-made goods.
You can control entire local trade with our
line. Spring line, 400 up to date styles of .
woolens, fashion displays, etc.. now ready
and furnished free. A great opportunity.
Write to-day for full particulars and exclu-
sive territory; experience not absolutely neces-
sary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept. A,
Washington blvd. and Union St., Chicago.
THOROUGHLY experienced floor walker; must
have local experience and local reference. Ap-
- ply between » and 11 a. m, at HALE BRO&'
WANTED— to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
! TRY our rr.en's shces. union made: $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 00- we pay express
charge*. 11 33 St., Exam, bid.; open till 9 pm
BOY about 15 years to learn blacksmith trade.
J. H. DUTCHER. Livermore. Alameda Co.
YOUNG men to go north for the summer at
HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart st.
CANVASSERS for flavoring extracta PURITY
. CO.. 1315 Market st
WANTED — Students to learn the barber trade. [
GILLETTE SCHOOL. 611 Commercial st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to Cite. 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuition ■
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullts. r. 40, Phelan bid.
Pa?t Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law A Adjustment Co., 2d st, r. 022. <
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid -
while learning. 997 Market st., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,75c.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisement* and subscriptions has j
been opened at 100S Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half '
price. s*l Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts. -
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE— SADDLE HORSES.
To be sold because of owner's contemplated
Indefinite absence from California. •
A high-class, prize winning bay mare 16
hands; a recent Importation from New York.
A Raited and educated Arabian mare, fa-
mous In Kentucky for her paces.
Two admirably bred five-year-old geldings,
broken to ride or drive.
Six ponies that have been used for polo;
strong and up to any amount of weight
All the above perfectly broken saddle ani-
mals, sound and accustomed to automobiles.
An exceptional opportunity for obtaining
park backs, or saddle horses for country use.
CROSSWAYS FARM. BURLINGAME.
B. P. trains and San Mateo electric cars on
the premises.
ONE gocd road horse, suitable for light ranch
work, wanted in exchange for 200 shares of
stock of United Crude Oil Co.; the company
has 2 producing .wells and stock Is non-as-
sessable; horse must be gentle, sound and
well broke. Address W. J. WHITE. 26
Montgomery st., room . 8. ..
. RETIRING from business; , they have raised
our rent; : harness, saddles, robe*, , blankets,
whips, buggies, wagons; everything at cost;
now is your time. San Francisco Saddlery
Co.. entrance 517 Market st .
AT 834 Devlsadero— For sale, two Shetland
ponies: very gentle and kind; splendid trav-
elers; 8 and 4 years old; weight about 200
pounds each;, also trap and harness. '-'
FOR sale — Draught' horse: perfectly sound;
weight about 1500 lbs.; price $50. 2410
Harrison st, bet 20th and 21at
A LARGE assortment of horses, wagon* and
harness. Auction * sale every Tuesday at 11
a. m. at 1140 Folsom st.
A FINS little driving mare, buggy and har- |
ness for sale. Box 8051. Call office. .
\ FOR — A pair of draught horses; 5 years
old. Box 0250. Call office. : ■ . -._
GOOD, second-hand wagons, - all kinds; also
buggies and mjrrles. 100 Golden. Gate aye.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and I harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
CARLOAD gentle business, , buggy and livery \
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. jgO Valencia.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons sold cheap. : 1680
Mission St., near. Thirteenth. . -
CHEAPEST and best In America — Weekly
. Call. 16 pares. - sent to any . address In the
United Statew or Canada one year for $1. ■'■
- HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
, cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery, i
$22 60 — MODERN house,.6 rooms and, bath/
/ near Cliff. House; grand marine view- 2 car
. Unt-s. 410 Forty-fifth aye. : .;.■.. .'
"^ HOUSES TO LET— FINISHED.
2803 : CLAY st. near Fillmore — 7 •.rooms,- bath
and piano; sunny side. - Open '11 until 4. --'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905.
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOB ) SALE.
A BARGAIN — 11-room house; nloely furnished;
cheap rent; must sell at once; leaving 'city;
make offer. 643 ; Geary st. . '. ; '
14-ROOM house, furnished, for. sale; good pay-
ing house; reasonable; account of sickness.
491 Fourth st , - 
WILL sell at a sacrifice. 10- room house; no
trlflera.. 7CO Post st. .:■ :■ •
LOFTS TO BET.
LOFT, 25x160; rent reduced. BACIGALUPI,"
rm Mission st. ' - ;■ ■ - .
KXMORRHOXDZ3TB.
— Thousands radloally ■• cured : by this
method without knife or hindrance to busi-
ness; you can be . cured; no salve proposi-
tion; Investigate. THOS. J. KISNER, M.
P.. Columbian bldg., 016 Market st; city.
INVESTMENTS, ; \;
SOUTH SEA Island Co. ; sure fortune-maker;
800 share. P. O. box 2046. San Franelsoo.
nrvAucp OHAraa.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Ea-mes tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel Park 775.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan I Society of San Francisco I In the
name of RAY V. BO YENS, No. 244-1572;
the finder will please return to bank.
— From Alcazar Theater, . black cocker
spaniel bitch; has on narrow collar fastened
with copper wire; liberal reward. Return
to 115 Height st. -
LOST — On Valencia st car S/mday- evening,
between Twenty-sixth and Lcrkin sts, lady's
gold watoh and fob. Return to 2045 Bills st;
reward. . ■ . ■■ .
LOST — Saturday, on McAllister or Broderick
sis., lady's cun metal watch ; "Rose" en-
graved on back. Return 700 Broderick st;
reward.
LOST — Sunday, gold-rim eyeglasses with
chain; vicinity Guerrero and Fifteenth sts.;
reward. 182& Fifteenth st.
LOST- Cocker spaniel male dog; license .tag
No. 4391. Return to 803 Halght st and re-
ceive liberal reward. , ,
LOST Friday afternoon, a stub book. Return
to K. JOHNSON, 1115 York st
LIBERAL reward will be paid for the return
of a scarf ring, with one large emerald and
two diamonds, at Palace of Art, 16 Post st. j
no questions asked.
LOST — Skye terrier, male dog; lloens* tag
. 4U56. . Return to 1034 Masonic aye. and re-
ceive liberal reward. . .---. :
CLEVELAND bicycle No. 144,321 found, Feb-
niary 8, 1900.
LAUNCHES FOB HTBB.
FASTEST, beet boats on the bay; pleasure
parties and towing. S. F. LAUNCH CO., 5
Stewart st. :
C. A. MCNEQ.L LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
FASTEST, best boats on bay; pleasure parties,
towing. S. F. Launch Co., 5 Steuart st
THE Marllla Launch Co.— For pleasure or
business. Phone Geary 2812. .
MEDICAL. i .
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can ! find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief cr no
pay. ■ ! -.■-■ ' ■ ?:*.-•.•' : '■ : . -
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble confide In me. Irregulartles relieved; the
unfortunate helped; I premise best • attention
and no danger; I guarantee prompt results
or no charge; sanatorium If desired; advice
free; call or write. Hours, 9-9. Kst. 14 years.
DR. R. H. WESTON, office 305 Kearny st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief: no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market »t .--.-.'
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist . for all. female
. complaints and irregularities;, Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market St.. opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablet?; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OBGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale drug-gists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
LADIES suffering from irregularities consult
reliable specialist; graduate, 19 years' ex-
perience: relief guaranteed from any cause:
strictly private. Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny.
A — DR. and Mrs. Goodwin, 850 Market opp.
4th. r. 37 — Est. 26 yrs. In S. F. ; instant re-
lief for all female complaints guaranteed.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
IC2IV; Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases ' o.' women.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs:
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 611 A Leaven worth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 097.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
lrom 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, nr. 4th.
DR.- ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, . relief or no fee; $10.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions las been
opened at 1008 Market St., , opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
MISCXLLANEOTJS— FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, . engines,, boilers, pumps,
■pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, .sold
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers. 1
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — 140-ton swift steamer complete, $10,-
0C0; 5760 "acres bunch grass, wheat land,
fenced , In one body, pasture and water for
2000 cattlt, $15,000; see me for big farms and
ranches, cr Seattle realty. U. C. MEE, 114
Main St., Seattle.
FOR sale — One carpet beating machine, togeth-
er with : belting, pulleys,, brushes; all com-
• plete for use; will sell cheap. Apply C.
MEYSCHOFF, 1010 Franklin* st, Oakland.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, 7 shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear at.
I HAVE a new cross of fancy white leghorns;
selected eggs from great layers for hatching.
F. C. JOHNSON, 2000 San Bruno road.
REPUTABLE place ' to '. rent gents' full dress. !
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits.' J. COOPER,
21 Stockton »t. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and : $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at : $2 50; -we pay express
. charges. 11 3d at.. Exam. bid. catalog free.
FOR sale— New Singer sewing ; machine; oak
case, drop ■ head $85. Mauvals . Muslo : Co.,
933 Market at. ■"..-' ;■;:■>. -^\- ■-.. ' - ■■:..-,;:
27 - ROOMS, I partly furnished ; also store; good
team and fixtures. Call 12 to 3 a. m., 853 6th.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN.. 195-197 Fremont st. ■.■■"
SAFES — New ' and second-hand." THE r* HER-
MANN SAFE ; CO. , ■ 417-27 ; Sacramento st. ;
FOR *ale Mediu m; slxe ' safe; ' also : oak > roller
top desk; cheap. : 62: Duboce aye. . . ..■-..'
MILES of pipe and - fittings, all sizes.: EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st ;
YOUNG Jersey cow; fresh; gentle: > good milk-
. er. : 33 Richland ; are., west of Mission" st. .
2D-HAND building I material." 1 cheap; ■ tel, Capp
8905. J. B. FRENCH, NE. oor. Valencia, j
SAFES and desks at -nearly cost; * must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash ■ registers ; ■- new ' and a second-
, hand. I. FREEMAN. 1825 Market , st. . .
A ; VERY, fine sealskin i coat - for - sale lat * a bar-
- gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton :st
2D-HAND bldg. material; 5 lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material.- The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mark t
MOVING pictures,' magic lanterns, sal*, rental;
bargains. BULLARD "& «. BRECK. 181 Post.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,: :
all Elzes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont > st. r ., ;
ROOMS papered. i- $4 i up; V tinting, painting. ':
■ Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413 !
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ;..
Highest prices paid • for ladles' and gents' cast- j
off clothing. Tllton. 154 ■ 9th; s tel: Jessie ! 3916.
Lai!les*& gents,' don't 1 sell your old: clothes un-
: til you seejStUBser,\3lB 3d, tel. Black 4727.
WANTED— Live exhibits of 5 birds or animals, i
: California ; specimens < preferred; ■ fair price ; for
. . those ;, accepted. -] >? Address ' secretary ; Forest '
I Ish an I Game ' Association,' 37 Pheian bldg.
:-' San ' Francisco." -;'■.-. .-',: '. ■; ~:: v^ --. ■;,- ■■*■:,:•,;". .
. DIAMONDS >i and '■■. precious * Atones -: bought i for
;.-■ carh. KARL t EBER & . CO., rooms i 400-401.
Adams bid.. 206 Kearny; » phone Black c 3038. ♦
J___ MONET TO J^AH^J^^^__
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ; , /:■
v ."-■-: 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements ;> no disappointments. -
'■■ ' "•-■ Save expenses rby ; dealing directly. ■ : , !
Estate, second-m ortgages, undivided > Inter- '
■ ests, assignments of rents, property in trust, ■
r etc. ; legacies, •■ life estates' and undivided in-
terests In property purchased. . ■;■-•■■■■
'■■ Courteous treatment. Strictly '-. confidential.
/~r When You Need Money " ■
gee HERMAN MURPHY.  |
WILL LOAN ;
A reasonable amount ,' on :
" Ist. 2d or ;3d r
- Mortgages ; on real estate, ; '
■ In city, town or country.:.'"
Low rate of interest
- Give full partciulars
-V., '•'".. _ of property, ,l"-
"•-.'" Location, etc. \V
; ■ .: Box 223. Call office. / '
HIGHLY ; respectable private place to ■ obtain
liberal advances on diamonds.; Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
J7B Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch, 1192
Market and 27 Third st. .<;,;.■
SALARY LOANS— •- , ~~~ "^ " ~"
■ Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer, or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
" call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
• removal: no publicity; ' also on real • estate; .
. Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; I any
| amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
■ chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, : without
■ security easy, payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly 'on furniture 'or piano
■ without removal or ether security; lowest
: rates; no commission; confidential, 506-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor st, cor. Market. ■ ■
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., 107 Crocker Bldg.;
■ loans at a lower rate of Interest on any se-
curity advertised In this column. ; " ,
SALARIED people, without security; also on
furn., estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co., 612 Parrott. bid.
1 P*ER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
uo commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
I private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, r. 21.
MONEY to loan at 2 per, cent a month; gold, -
■ silver diamonds pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'B, 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security • diamonds or chattels : no fee ; no
com. cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0. ,523 Parrott bid. ■
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan St Trust
Co., 21 Stockton St., second floor.:
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
vus. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
2 PER cent per month on valuables. Port-
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st. 
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st, rooms 14 and -15. r
SALARIED people on note. ,S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds St Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 838 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $18 up; no removal*
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH. loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner . bldg.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE • are closing out the famous old Gabler,
Mason & Hamlln and Behr Bros, agencies'.
Will give away one piano player with each
of these Instruments sold. Prices on these
pianos exactly the same as you J would have
to pay If you bought directly from the fac-
tory. * Price on piano player has been $275,
but will be given away absolutely free.
This Is done to clear out the agencies.
HEINH PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St., 1252
Broadway. Oakland. :
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright; good for practice $55 ,
1 Weber; in good order $75
1 Steinway; In good order $110
Also one Checkering, Vose. Sterling, Curtaz,
Weber Gabler, Fischer, others; easy pay-
. ments.' BEN.T. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
BEST Inducements; best selection ' of stock.
Over 10 -years' experience renting pianos.
Good uprights. $2 and , $2 50 per month. i
One year rental allowed. ' . }
The best instruments in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A MAHOGANY finish, large Stelnway upright,
cost $750; great reduction; cash or easy pay-
ments.. .237 Geary st , " .
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur-
, niture. Whitehead , Storage, - 1636 - Market st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost* $600; $185
takes It. \ 287 Geary st. .. ',' * -. ", ~ : ; :.;.'■-.; i;
ELEGANT uprlghts.new I A 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
, Pierces Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright j pianos cold on $5 monthly . pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Kpeffe's,-285 O'Farrell.
MATTSF.3BES AND PILLOWS. .
TO order — Renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) : excellent carpet' cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st; phone South 216.
OrPTCEB AN3> STOKES TO XET.
THE offices of the Pacific Coast Savings So-
ciety consisting of , large front of flee, 3 ■ large
windows <on Market ; st., on . second floor : of
fipreekeis Annex, and adjoining rooms • are
for rent or lease; location and size of offices
are among the best In the city; fixtures and
safes may be had if desired j? for particu-
lars apply at once to W. H. KENT, secre-
tary. 713 Market 5t. ..; ■'•■.■_■; ;,.,.. - ,
STORE, with fixtures and kitchen; $10. , 819
Diamond st.
TO let— Store. 8 living rooms; $28. 310 Flll-
more st, cor of Halght. :■"" " .
FEJBSONAXS.
"~™ r^ v% T* VN ?~ v '
"R-E-M-O-V-E-D."
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O'S" wonderful R-A-D-X-
U-M treatment has cured . multitudes of , al-
leged I-N-C-U-R-A-B-L-E-S; removed to larger
offices : Union Square building. 233 Geary,
suites 34 and 36. .
THIS is to notify the public that my wife,
: MARIA MACHADO DENIZ, having left my
bed and board, I will not stand responsible
for any debts incurred . by her. JOHN MA-
CHADO DENIZ, Alvarado, Cal. - , .
MRS. LEWIS, i sister .'i of I MRS. DAVID 'H.
JONES,. kindly communicate with DUNLOP,
Fifth aye.. New York, N. Y. . .: ;
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
, DR. Q. B. MOORE. 832 O'Farrell st.
MRS. JOHNSON, trained nurse and ! electrical
. masseur. - ; formerly 'of - Oakland - Sanitarium:
: massage a specialty. ;^ 903. Powell st - : '
PROFESSIONAL | nurse ; I massage a ; specialty;
v 1.0 ' years' ' experience. 317%. O'Farrell st;
" phone Howard 2708. ;</■';> ■■■. ■■:•-, ■' - >;\z ;;- ; l
AT less 'than cost; uncalled for suits, over-
: coats ; and ' trousers at : CHARLES LYONS',
v.-s London Tailor. 721 ; Market st. ; - ;.- : ; :.y , y
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. : . T. t BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st, near Powell.
MISS WALLACE.' electrolysis, scalp treatment,
shampooing; ' all applt. ■ sterilised. : 658 > Geary.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores | gray
hair to Its natural color; $1, at all druggist.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
- Mrs. ; Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
; 1127, Market St., ; between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps = you In ! fine clothing. '
Art Tailoring. ' 1044 Mkt. under St.; Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50
V Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE": costumes, play i books, wigs;
'-•*■■ country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. S- F. \P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PATENTS : sold ■ ' and " exhibited wat .- Portland
Fair. V- WESTERN MFRS." Agency. 916 Mkt.
':?'■ :y.?7: y.?7 ■■■-',; PAHTNEK3 WANTED. / ' -.•'■- ; ; .'. £■ •
ENERGETIC r - young- man or I lady I for* rising !
rj, town, Nevada. In sound business; capital re- j
■ quired. ' about «1000. Box 8560.': Call office. /
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS ; v_^ ;
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS ; '
positively cured; new methods; one week's "
. treatment free. i, Dr. Cottingham. 9 Powell st : ■
REMOVED— DR.Iv WONG \ HIM, herb doctor, ■
H treats , all i diseases fi of I the I human I body; I for i :
1 -, past : foui i years at 116-117 Mason st, now lo-
■ cated at v 66 7; Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis- ]
■j eases cured by Chinese herbs.; 746-8 Clay; st. '■■
--;.--;:.y,;; .--;:.y,;. • '•' ; : v ' ,;' ■ v.; VXATX. I: t\- -^. S"/;; : ;
A WAY to '» health; ;' mothers' t and I daughters' ■
m home ] treatment | for j backache, headache, dis- •
... placements, j bearing down" pains, *i leucorrhoea, I
I despondency, nervousness; booklet free; write I
hi for It. VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness aye., ;S. F. I
BE AX. ESTATE — — FOB J SALB.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, I
:,: ■""•-:.':: ■ :■,■;' "-.- ■■■ \ • , 25 Poet st. -
. Real Estate Agents and ' Auctioneers.
- Rents , collected. ." Loans -' negotiated.
City .Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
■; Publishers .of the - ; "Buyer and . Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate " owners ■ and : those •■ Intending to I Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application. . • . ; . *
$4,750 — Pine residence 'of 7 rooms and bath,
on Fair Oaks st, with stable, contain-
ing gas and running water; lot 31x117:6
to . rear alley; comfortable home and a
. bargain. :■■-'.
$7.500 — 3 splendid ' flats on the north side of
Page St., In one of the best blocks in |
' the - Panhandle ; district: rents . low at
$702 per annum ; lot 25x88. .
$s.2oo— New Mission residence; vicinity 24th '
• and Guerrero; 8 rooms, bath: : electrlo j
lights; dance hall; sunny side: key lot,
25x110: fine view; owner leaving State;
, must sell. ' .
$6,2so— Stanyan-sf business property: facing
• ■ the Park entrance; frame building, con-
taining store and flats above of 5 rooms
and bath; leased fer 4 years at $50 per
- - month; lot 23x106:3; make offer.
$22,000— Jackson St.". Pacific Heights district:
three . elegant - modern flats of 8 rooms
and bath each renting for $215 p«f
month; lot 27:6x127:8^4.
$15,500— Jack«m-st. residence; elegant hon.'* of
15 rooms and 2 baths; 8 toilets, 4 ser-
vants' rooms; "fine lot, 27:6x128.
$B,ooo— Octavla St.. Pacific Heights districts
lot 25x137:6; fine . 2-story and attio
residence .of { 10 rooms and bath, fur- ■
nace, etc; rents $60 per. month-
s4,7so— Reduced from $5000 for a quick sale;
2 new modern flat* In the vicinity of
25th and Bryant: lot 25x100; fine neigh-
.. borhood; mortgage of $3000 can remain: j
owner must leave city; see this for a j
bargain.
$18,500— Prominent transfer corner In the Mis-/
■ slon: Improvements consist of stores and |
flats: almost new and steadily rented j
at, $1170 per annum: lot 85-foot front- j
.'.- age.;;-,-.. . -.. .< y ;-•» ' .
$10,500 Hyde St., near California: transfer j
corner; 8-story building, consisting of 1
store and 2 flats', renting for $72 60
•■ ■ • per month; fine renting location. ; <t
$4,900 — must sell on accoynt of depart- ,
ure. : artistic, shingled 2-story residence,
containing 8 rooms : and bath; ■-, high,
sightly location, commanding fine view;
on Lotta *■ st". near the Park, and con-
venient to the cars: only $1400 cash. re-
quired;, balance -can be obtained on 1
. mortgage; see this for a bargain.
$3,300 — Sacramento, ; near East; equity In good
piece of business property close water
front : 80-f eet front; leases will expire
In about one year; needs new buildlntr,
V : . which will pay good Interest: bank
mortgage $7200 can remain; make offer.
$7,ooo Paclfle-st. ~ corner: 2-story frame and |
I brick building of 2 stores and 2 flats of
6 rooms and bath; lot 38:6x77; rent per ■
month $50. " - :. ■ /
$9,Boo— Baker St.. -near Fell: fine lot. 55x122;
street work done: ready for building;
fine locality for residence or. flat*.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY. ■
Ready for huildlnar: only a few of these choice
marine-view lots left: in block bounded
by Vallejo. Green, Broderick and Baker
sts. : property on official grade: streets
and • crop sin sewered: low price on
terms to suit.
MECHANICS' HOMK LOTS.
?15O— AND UP— slso.
.- Near Union nnd . Rl«<".nn Iron Works
: And Supir Refinery. :
Take cars to Twenty-third arid Kentucky sts.
See our large signs.
ONLY ?30 CASP"
Balance $.•> per montn.
BALDWIN * TTOWF.LL.' Agents,
• 25 Post St.
PARNASSUS
HEIGITT?.
THREE NEW BLOCKS.
*13W> to $15»».
125 Parkview lots facing 4th. sth, 6th and
7th ayes.. bet. I st. and Parnassus aye.; with-
in 600 feet of two entrances to Golden Gate ;
Park and overlooking this world-famous gar- I
den. v •
Over 1 100, 000 "worth 'of new buildings start-
ed on Parnassus Heights ■ during last month. •
All lots on official grade; streets sewered: j
paved with bituminous rock: eranlte curbs and ;
artificial^ stone sidewalks laid. • - . . ■
Absolutely the cheapest and ; best lots In the i
city.
Go to our Branch office, cor. Seventh aye. ;
and H ft., to-day and our agent will show :
you -the .lots.
We have : others for sale In the Sunset Dis-
trict. Free conveyance always at. your dis- '
posal. .
BALDWIN A: HOWELL,
. • 25 Post st. •
Branch Office
. Seventh aye. and H st.
__ _—
StTTRO HEIGHTS ADDITION.
Surierb Lots - Marine View. "
Official Grade, - Level.
Sewered. ■:'•'. ■ Macadamized Streets.
Gas Mains, Water Mains. . .
All Lots, Thirty ' Feet, Frontage. I
Prices Reasonable. Terms Easy.
Fronts the Park, ' Faces the Ocean. :
Near Cliff House. Adjoins Sutro Heights. j
47th. 48th ayes., B. C and Fulton Sts. .
Branch Office. Fulton St. * 40th Ay» !
Opposite Life Saving • Station.
Open i Sundays, : Open • Every . Day.
SEVERAL CAR LINT'S— EVERT FEW MIN-
.--TJXES.
BALDWIN At HOWELL,
SOLE AGENTS,
28 POST ST. SAN FRANCISCO.
•MECHANICS' HOME LOTS.
50— AND W—
Near '■■ Union and . Rlsdon Iron Works and
Buear Refinery. •:•■•- . I
■;'. Take : cars to 23d and Kentucky sts. See
our large signs.
ONLY $50 CASH.
. ONLY $50 CASH.
BALDWIN St HOWF.LL, Agents,
25 Post' st':
. > : ' AUCTION. ' '
■■ . : AUCTION. .V-V,--.
AUCTION.
L, QROTHWELL & CO. offer the following !
choice and special catalogue of very desirable ;
real estate in the best and most favorable lo-
calities In the city. This property will be of-
fered -at their ■ salesroom. .23 Butter st , on
Tuesday. • March 7, ' 1906. • at 12 o'clock -noon.
WASHINGTON ST. HOME.
Washington st, ' 1610. near > Larkln st. —
story s dwelling, . 14 v, rooms, 1 bath, : conserva-
tory, beautiful lawn and flowers and other Ira- •
provements; lot 62:6x100. \~/~
BUTTER ST. "- RESIDENCE.
' Butter ' St.. 1811,' near • Buchanan st, 9-story
dwelling, 8 rooms. bath and basement; house
thoroughly renovated;. lot 25x137:6. y
Franklin and Pine, 8. W. corner and two j
adjoining i lots, W. line :,- of « Franklin, 30x78
each ; adjoining .' lot 8 line of Pine St., 25x90
splendid location for flats, residence or apart- '
ment : house. ' ..' . I' !' " ; , '
HAVES ST. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS. V
Hayes st, 220 ft .west of Laguna, 2 modern i
flats of 5 and - 6 rooms - and : bath, fronting on
Linden aye. ; rent $44 60 per month; Hayes st
end of ■ lot ready . for building. • :
PANHANDLE NEW FLATS.V,
- Page st, 1312-15-17, near on; 3 new flats
of 7 rooms ' and bath, beautiful . location; . total
rents pet month $107 50. ,
GREENWICH ST. LOT.
'-■■ Greenwich* 1 St., 1 : south side. 100 ft. west of
Pierce; size 37:6x62:6;; street work and sewers
complete; ■ suitable ; for : small -. 4 and -8 ' room
apartments. ■
: \ VALLBJO ST. BUILDING LOT.
'-;R.' Vallejo st. south line. 37:6 west of Brod-
erifk: size 25x137:6. 
SUTTER ST. 5 SMALL* INVESTMENT.
J-. 1 ; Sutter st, ; 2509-11; '% containing s store ■ and 3
rooms ' and ' upper " flat, 6 rooms \ and bath; lot
28x82:8; rent $480 yearly. '
SOUTH . SAN : FRANCISCO ! SPECULATION." i
S.E. half -of block 791 : of : the tide lands, :
being : 200x300 and divided Into 6 , lots : 100x100 !
'each. \. : -.-■• ... ■-.' .: ' ■ ■■
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at - our ' office. M'Hii | ii«tVwi%iiil»j2ifMWMi"i>'j l .'x.' ' ■ j j * ".
r-L. GROTHWELL A. CO., 22 Sutter St.
FOR sale — A new 6-room cottage; all the latest
:% Improvements; % built < by  day . work; r % - block
from t the ? new ■• school : house ion Douglass { st. :
S Apply i grocery f store; ; 24th * and , Douglass tst !
TWO \ swell new I flats ' for ' sale ; ' Nos. 73 and '75 '
.: Diamond "-V. St., V- between : f.' ; Seventeenth «'- and
0! Eighteenth: s rent ; $600 .v a year; ,* price , $5750.
;:*D.'ss CONDON, i builder, on premises. " . ,
WE will 'I sell > you i a - lot, ! cottage ior flats on i '
i easy terms; por will build 1 for you on your, j ■
' :;•: own '-. lot. ■ " DO LAN CO., ;24 : Montgomery st. " ' 1
_ REAL ESTATE— — SAXB.
SPECK A CO.
200 Montgomery st. ,y •
Leasing, Rents Collected.
Selling. ,  " :-. Insurance. •
INCOME AND OTHER PROPERTIES. -
$75,000— Montgomery St.. corner, nr. California;
large let; good buildings; an 8 per cent
■ net - investment; propositions like this
■-"• :-• -' are tew. ■ .
$75,000 — Apartment-house; location and ap-
pointments Ideal and elegant; large lot:
2 frontages; right off Van Ness "aye. ; a j
12 per .« cent net Investment; secured
lease; sacrificed for quick sale; an al-
most unparalleled Investment, eonsld- '
. - ering Its quality and Income; we solicit '
' Investigation by ' seekers of high-class
permanent investments; reasonable offer
-entertained.
$36,500— Prominent 6th-st. corner, nr. Mar-
s '.; ket; 35x120 to rear "street; 3 frontages;
v stores . and - fiats; ■ substantial Improve-
ments: $300 month rental. .
— Exceptional bargain account partner-
ship dissolution; we offer for limited
period only plot on Howard at: 50x165
ft., nr. 3d St.; 2 frontages; reduced :
from $50,000; . old Improvements now '•
rent for $100 a month; actually cheapest
property downtown.
$38,000— Corner. : 70 ft frontage: In live sec- !
tion; .Western Addition stores, with fiats ;
above; Income $2900 yearly.
$27,800— Ellis St., nr. - Gough; modern flats:
large lot through to rear street: rent
$2500. ■ ■ ■ ■- "■--.
$17,600 — Harrlson-st - corner, close In; large \
lot; substantial Improvements; all rent- {
ed; never idle; Income $1900; scores and I
flats.
$11,000— Sacrificed account .leaving State; ele-
gant new flats on key lot; nr McAUls- '
■ :» i. : ter st; all rented for $1400: $7000 mort-
gage can remain, thus paying IS per
cent net on Investment; a snap not to
be missed.
RESIDENCES.
— California st., north side. nr. Laguna;
splendidly built; large, modern, double
15-roora dwelling; lot 85x137:6; decided
bargain, worth $30,000; must be seen to
be appreciated; . offered low for quick
sale./ ■ .
$14,500— Fine residence, north side Clay st, nr.
Van Ness: 14 rooms and baths; In first-
class condition; or would rent to de-
■ ■ sirable tenant. ... -
Tremont aye.: fine, modern dwelling:
- 10-rcoms and bath; 25 ft. lot; certainly ;
' cheap.
Have select and varied residence Hat |
LOTS.
— Clay st, north line, near Cherry; 29
xl2B feet. ' ■'•-
' $2,6oo— Fulton nt.. near lstave.; »sIIT:6 ft.
California st. and 2d aye.; 26x100.
Richmond lots: close In and near :
Golden Gate Park; on four car lines;
cheapest lots In vicinity. -
$1,400— C st.; nr. 3d aye.: 25x100.
Lots in all parts of the city. Get list
SPECK A CO..
200 Mongcmery st. .;:, ■
OCEAN HEIGHTS,
Nineteenth Avenue Boulevard and O Street.
LOTS ON .EASY PAYMENTS.
Grand residence* location. _
View of the grand old Pacific. Cliff House.
Seal Rocks. Farallones. Mt. Tamalpala, San
Francisco Bay and Golden Gate Park; carriages
free at 10th aye. and H street to show th*
property; short walk of 7 blocks from H
street to branch office at 19th aye. and O st.
MABRY McMAHAN, 207 Sansom* st.
" i
ONLY THREE LEFT.
■ $1 25 PER ' WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead |
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade: ,
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric 1
cars: bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes. One lots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st, r. 8. Phone Main 8704. ,
OUR phone number Is South 1083. AHLBACH
& MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
BEAL — COUICTBT— For Sale.
CHOICE ORCHARD LAND.
■ Located In gutter County, within three miles
of three large fruit canneries, two dried
fruit packing establishments and a large
winery.
Best market center for all kinds of fruit
ONLY $69 PER ACRE.
One of (he best bargains in the State.
' The Butte County irrigation ditch will soon
pass this tract. Surveys are now being made ,
for two electric lines to traverse this section, j
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing ■ through here Is certain . to cause a ,
large increase In values. Four passenger trains 1
to and from San Francisco every day.
, Owner about to . leave the Coast. ■
Address M. .J. NEWKOM/ Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second st. Marysvllle. Cal. ;"■ -
TO Timbermen — For sale, patented claim for ;
Vi section of good timber land In • Modoo 1
County. Address JAMES GUNSOLLEY, Eu-
reka, Cal. . -
$50 DOWN and 10 years* time buys tract in !
our colony No. 31, in Flame Tokay belt; best
poultry location. H. J. GOETHE CO.. 411
J st., Sacramento.
CO-OPERATIVE HOME BUILDERS.
720 HAYWARD BUILDING.
Headquarters for chicken ranches. Sonoma Co.. I
and fruit and berry ranches. Santa Crus Co.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER
CO.. 648 Market st. >
BARGAIN — In a small home, near town: '
good house; bearing fruit; easy terms. JOHN
, A. WILLIAMS. Sebastcpol. Sonoma Co.. Cal. !
SAH MATEO BEAK ESTATE. I
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK. j
' LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric can; 43
minutes from Fifth and - Market : sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water. .
Lots $400 and us.
Outside the fog belt
$10 to $50 down ' and . $10 month.
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application. "
BELBY. RODGER3 A CO..
Main 673. , . .' ■ 116 California st. ,
Also at Lomlta Park.
i
JUST a little better than the rest; San Mateo ;
Park am! the Hay-ward Addition at San ■
Mateo; villa sites. and building lots; terms,
of course. BALDWIN & HOWELL. agents, ,
25 Post st, S. F. : FRANK S. GRUMMON, |
310 2d aye., San Mateo.
MEHIiO PABX SEAL ESTATE.
. MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
. Large villa < sites "and tract* of from on* to ■■
five acres, beautifully " wooded and ready - for
building; convenient to station and In best part
of Fair Oaks and Menlr> Park; road work free
of expense to buyers: exceptionally easy terms;
finest ■■ climate .In vicinity ; of city; unexcelled
educational . facilities. ; For particulars writ*
SEX BY. RODGERS St CO.,
Main 673. 116 California st.
POINT ; RICHMOND BBAL estate.
FOR sale— 3 acres located on electric car line, 1
between Richmond and Berkeley. FRED C. '
SCHRAM. 638 Market. 8. F. -^ i
STOBAGJ3 AND WASEHOOSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved., shipped. 723- ;
731 Howard st. nr. , Third; phone Grant 181. I
CAPITAL Van and Storage C 0.." 10 Drumm it:
- phone Main ■ 31 ; JOHN F. , COOPER, pres. ;
- . furniture moved. [ packed." shipped . and stored.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com i
\ pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 231. ;
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and I Moving Co.
Main office, Eddy and Fillmore; tel. West 823
BEKIN3 Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery !
it.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates. (
BERKELEY ADVERTS'STS
, ; BBBSEIiBT \ BEAL ESTATE.
BUY a lot In beautiful Humphrey Tract before
prices raise; heart of Berkeley; build a horn*
- J. P. HALE A CO..
1511 - Shattuck aye.. North Berkeley; "phone
.•-•-•• Mason "2192. . '„ . " .
2515 Shattuck aye., Dwlght way: phone Derby '
--'". 1022. , - ,--. .>. •■ ■- . :<■■-.. ■ ;
FRUITVALE APYT'SMNTS j
- : FBUrrVALE beai^ estate. _
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.' • *
i •"• $750 — Fine ' corner, lot on Fruitvale ay*.,
50x125. '..•"-.,.* . ■". .
-■* ■ $ 100 ' per . — 28 acres .In - Frultvale ; . splen- ]
didly ."located. .; ,
- $650 — A snap;. on easy terms; lot 6<%£7o;'just j
off s Fniltvale aye.; > not . far out; , all" In . fruit
' and " surrounded .- by - choice - homes.'^MnMHn
BELDEN, .REAL ESTATE,
.--.■■■ XI I 2 j Broadway. Oakland. ■;
OAKLAND ADVEKT'STfTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAILAJTD BBAXi ESTATE.
FORCED SALS . (SSI*
TO SATISFY MORTaAOaC
$750 — la a chance of a lifetime; swell
•-room colonial dwelling, almost new and pos-
itively must be sold at once, and it only take*
$750 cash, above mortgage of $2800, as this
amount of mortgage . can stand indefinitely I
located on sunny corner of main thoroughfare;
on car line and only 2 blocks from Kay rout*
station: modern In every detail; open plumb-
ing: open lawn; porcelain bath, etc.; dintn*>
room has paneled wainscoting and beame<s
celling; this proposition will stand the most
rigid invest Ion; don't fail to see It. - •
A pretty, cosy, shingled bungalow oottag«|.'
good location: only 7 minutes' walk to Key .
rout* station; lot 87:6x120; pretty side entrance
and porch; cottage contains 6 large rooms; In-*'
terlor woodwork natural finish; porcelain bath:
modern plumbing. This Is a snap at $2500.
MARINE VTBTW.
Don't miss this: must be sold at one*: •!*•
gant Queen Anne 6-room modern house, sunny
side of street: paneled dining-room, pillared
arch from reception hall to parlor; Quaker
fireplace; open plumbing; sunny porch, witl»
turned posts; open lawn; cement walk around
house and only three short*blocks from electric
train; located In swell neighborhood on High-
land Terrace, which commands elegant marine)
view and a view of the foothills; in fact a
modern up-to-date dwelling and only $3500!
small cash payment required.
KREISS A HOR3WILL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WILL buy a fine lot 30x123; near T»l»-»
graph aye.
$525— Will buy a choice lot; 35x115; on Alca-
traz aye.. near Telegraph ay*.
$2900— Will buy a nearly new 2-story house of
7 rooms, bath, etc.: lot 36x130; nea»
Broadway and 26th st
$1300— Will buy an elegant lot. 40x120; on high
ground; near Piedmont Key Route; street
work done.
$4280 — Will buy elegant new. home of 8 rooms
and every convenience; lot 80X120 ; built
for owner: to be scld on account of own-
er's departure from city.
J. H. MACDONALD * CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland.
$300 CASH. $10 monthly: cottage of 3. rooms,
shed. barn, good well of water. 2 lots 86:4 x
100 all fenced, sandy loam soil, away from
fogs and wlnda. adjoining East Oakland,
near Broad aye. electric car line, school and
churches, Improvement Hall close by; price
all told $550. Call or send for circular. »5»
Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
BDLDEN*S BARGAINS.
$500 — Lot on Campbell st, near 13th.
1075— Lot 37^x156, en Bth St.; near station,
$350— 84xlCO, on Magnolia St., neat
Key Route, or 100 feet for $650.
$400 — Lot 30x11)0, near B st. station, Key,
Route depot and new car shops and Santa
Ft R. R. terminal
See "Frultvale R. E." column for some
special bargains there.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE, -■
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
■ GOOD HOME AND BUSINESS
IN NEARBY SUBURB.
$2800— Store, with living rooms; stable; cor-
ner lot. 62x80; fixtures; horse and wa«on; fln«
stock of groceries; good trad* already estab-
lished- exclusive territory; no competition:
poor health reason for selling. SNOW, 1013
Washington st _________^___
AN INVESTOR IS WANTED who will ptrti
$20,000 Into a proposition which will par
1 per cent per month on the Investment for
ten years; locality In line of Increasing
valuation. Address box 1707, Call office,
Oakland.
REMOVAL notice— J. STEWART A CO.
have removed their real estate office from
ICOB Broadway to 878 Broadway. SB. corner
Eighth st. -
WILLIAMS A PARSONS. Real Esate. hay«»
removed to »18 Broadway; city and country
property.
OAXXiA2n> HOX7SES TO LET.
FOR rent — Handsome residence. 10 rooms;
large conservatory, stable and lawns: rent
low; 589 Twenty-fourth at., near Grove. In-
quire R. FRANKE. 637 Sycamore st. Oak-
land.
OAXLAITD FLATS TO LET
A FLAT of a modern light housekeeping rooms.
1425 Franklin st. Oakland.
OAKLAND STOSSS TO LIT.
TWO large stores for rent on Broadway: rea-
sonable rent to right parties. Call at 1003
Broadway. Oakland.
oakxahs Fmurrrtrßß fob SAIiE.
OUR phone number Is South 1088. AHLBA
St MAYER, plumpers. 836 Howard st
.
San Francisco Ad vert Vents
BOOMS 70S HOTTSETCEBgiarO.
EDDY 523 — Two fine furnished front rooms;
connected: running water; gas range.
EIGHTH, — 3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bay-window front room; rent cheap.
FOURTH. 491 — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; gas or coal stove.
GEARY. 1225 — 3 targe sunny hkpg. rm*. ; bath,
running water, etc.; all complete; also lar?*
parlor, suitable for man and. wife; reasonable.
HARRISON. — Two rooms, connecting, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15, bath.
MATBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness 3»
room furn. and unfurn. suites; $21 and $26.
HOWARD. — Furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; gas; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1113% — Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
2363 HOWARD, near Twentieth . st. — 2 or 3
hkps. rms. from $10 to $17; turn., gas, bath.
JESSIB.323 — Large front parlor, furnished; gas
rang*; $3 50 week; another room. $2 75.
JONES, 118 — 3 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, basement: also single rooms.
LARKIN. 817% — Nicely furnished sunny cor-
ner room; ga» stove, folding bed; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1422— 3 connecting room*; partly
furnished; bath;, two car line*; references.
LARKIN. " 1557— 3 sunny rooms, handsomely
furnished: 2 folding beds; $16.
MCALLISTER. — Two newly furnished
rooms for housekeeping: strictly modern
flat; $20. ' - <
METCALF place. »4. off Geary, near Masoa—
2 or 3 light housekeeping rooms; bath; $13.
MINNA, 514. near Housekeeojtas •" and
j: furnished rooms. . !____
MISSION, 1917— Lars* sunny suite for hkpg. ;
-gas range, grate, running water: other rms.
FURN. cor. sunny "suite; all oomplete fo»
housekeeping; rent reasonable; other sunny
suites $1* st James. McAllister A- Laguna.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OAK. 384 Bunny furnished alcove suit* and
kitchen; running water, bath, " laundry; also
large room; housekeeping or etngle.jUgg*9NSl
OAK. 40T— Large, timnjr rooms, furnished. $4
r month. ■ _^_________________
OAK 2037. opp. Park — completely furnished
rooms for housekeeping: also large single rm.
O'FARRELL. — Two sunny basement house-
keeping rooms; $10.
BUTTER. 717 — Parlor suite; closet, running
water;. 10 minutes* walk to town; Tory rea-
" sonable. ; ______^^^^^^^^______
SEVENTH : 191— Ntoely ' furnished front bay-
window rooms; housekeeping. • '
STAN V AN. 810. op. G. O. Park— Two sunny,
furnished rooms for light housekeeping.
THIRD ' — Two sunny ■ front .rooms • fo#
■ housekeeping ; . cheap. ' _.','- ■
WALLER. . 71 — Sunny suite: fur or unfor.t
winning water; also smaller suite r 112. .
WEBSTER. 1854 — Three sunny connecting ua-
furn. hoTi*elt**plng rooms; modern.* adulta.
APABTMOrarT BOTT3-BS.
GRAND View Apartments, 3101 California--
Sunny cor.; nicely far. 4-room suite, f wit*
bath; laundry: prices $26 up. Tet Oeary4o47.
BOOMS .TO UTT — and trafnra.
ATKINS corner Third st and Park lan*— N««
brick building: all sunny room*; hot and col*
. water; electric lights: only nrst-claa» houa*
m locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth Room*
25c to $1 P« night, $1 28 to $5 per week and
; light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN, 836 Sutter — Suites and single^
all front rooms, sun all day; reasonable.
For Additional > Classified Advert!*©-.
menta See Pace ' Fourteen. \~.
1314
ROOMS TO LET — and TTnfttin. |
A', ST. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND i
LEAVENWOKTK BTP THREE HUN-
DRED rooms MODERN and UP-TO- !
DATE LIGHT SUNNY AIRT. HAIR
MATTHnSSEfc." *TIEE baths, hot;::.
ACCOMMODATIONS. SINGLE ROOMS .
WITH BATH. ROOMS FROM THREB |
• DOLLARS 'TO EIGHT DOLLARS PER j
WEEK. _ j/
AT "The Almonte." 573 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— llooms 25c to .'.Oc. $1. $1 50 night;
fl 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BELMOND Mouse over Owl dreg store: 2 en- |
trances 1126 Marktt and 21 Turk— Electric
lights running water In every room: 200
rooms": 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to S3 week. j
BV'CHANAN, Slo— Nicely furnished double
parlcr and bedroom; phone. _
CLAY. 833. near Powell— Furnished double
parlors; suitable for 2. piano: private.
CLAT. IC2B— Well furnished rooms for gentle-
men.
CRAGBURN (The). 10f>7 Lsrkln st , corner ;
Post— NJcely furnished sunny rooms; single, j
. r-n suite and housekeeping. j
EX»DT, S. ccr. Powell — WeU furnished single ;
room* : "also offices^ j
EDDT. VIA Leurls:cn, cpp. T.voli— Finest |
transient rrns. In city; _ve r y rcas. *■ central. 1
ELLIS. 77 — Beautifully rurnlsfced rooms at) !
your price; cor.itnle-nces: new. N- I
GEARY, 1381— Modern. newly furnished j
rooms; phone. j
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1411 A —Elegant rooms. ;
sirgl- or in suites, $10. $20; housekeeping it ;
deslreil. :
GRAND Southern. 7th and — Rooms 830
to ft 25 night- »1 50 to $5 wk.; reading-room.
GUERRERO, 214— Nioely furnished room, •
suitable for one or two. I
| HATES. 635 — Two nicely furnished rooms to !
Jet In a private family. .__ j
HOWARD. — Furnished rooms, single or ;
double: central location. j
HOWARD. 73" V* (Manila House) —Rooms for j
rent from $1 60 per wk. up; light: sunny. :
HTDE 845. n- Putter Elegantly furn. rms.
for gent; with or without private bath.
LEAVE.VXVOP.TH. lOCf— Furniehed and partly '.
furnished rooms: running water and phone, j
MARKET 304* <th»» Fa:mouth) — rms..
$2: suites. $4-$8 week; bath, elevator; hskpg.
MASON, — Handsomely furn. oon. rooms;
desirable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
EETROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third 8t.— 400 !
•ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to tS week; the osdy new and modern j
hotel and roomir.s-hcti?e in San Francisco .
that has office en ground floor: hot and cold !
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat j
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests.
MISSION, 1742—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms for
rent; new flat; reasonable.
NATOMA. I43A— Furnished room to let.
NATOMA, 4r.0%. near Slxi/i— 2 or 3 sunny j
rooms with board or without; private family. ]
; , 1
NINTH. 453 — Rooms to let. single and house- '
keeping. '.
FARRELL, 504 — Newly furnished sunny
suites; single, f 2 50 week up. Bath, phone.
O'FARRELL 616— Two connecting parlors,
furniehed or unfurnished; bath and gas.
O'FARRELL. 504— Newly furnished sunny
front rooms; $2 50 week up; phone Polk .'5697.
POLK. 1143 — Handsomely furnished rooms; all
sunny; front; bath ;_ phone; very reasonable.
POST. 30— Sunny rooms; electric lights.
POWELL. 1220—2 nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping for family. ' ;
POWELL. 1*555 — Sunny bay-window room, top '
flat, suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen. ;
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights; f
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- i
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to *6; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground .
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1714 — Nicely furnished rooms
In private family.
EAHLEIN (The), cor. Bush and Polk — Now
open; new fireproof building; fine sunny !
rooms, with private bath; breakfast served; j
reasonable. . .
SUTTER. 9«7— Nice furnished rooms to let; I
single or en euite. i
THIRD, SOS — Nice furnished rooms; transient !
at 2?. 50c, 75c per night: other rooms.
TURK. 816 — Suite, single rooms for gentlemen, I
with or without board; private house.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo \
rooms 3Ro to *1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- .
trie lights (no gas), running water In every ■
room;elevator.read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS. 11 — Sunny furnished rooms for j
gentlemen. $10. $15; gas. phone; references. ;
VAN NESS, 813 — Sunny front parlors, golden ]
oak furn., gas range, sideboard, bath, etc.
VAN NESS aye.. Nicely furnished front !
rocom for rent.
VENDOME. 1104 Market— Fur. rooms, suite ',
or single; rulte $5 week up. 15 Turk st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d ct.. nr. Market— j
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
SSc to $1 50 nightly; $2 to SS week; elevator; 1
•lee. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage. j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at I
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts. \
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
©f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100* Market st . opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOKS AMD BOARS.
GROVE. SI 7. near Fillmore— Elegantly fur- I'
rllshed rooms; modern, sunny. new private '.
house exceptional for gentleman seeking a '
handsome home and fine table; board op-
tional. Phone Fell C 546.
DEVISADERO. 451, two blocks from G. G. I
Park — Well furnished sunny room; running
water, good board, single. $25; couple. $40 i
per month
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell— Excellent
cookery and quiet service of rood home; •
seek only best class.
LARGE, sunny room, with board for two. in I
cottage half-block from Castro cars. Phone
Capp 66. -y\ -
BOARD and room lor 2 gentlemen; home oook-
tng, reasonable. 1837 Oak st
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Best rooms, table and ser-
vice In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. Choicest furnished rooms, with |
excellent French table board. MME. TENCE. :
ELLIS. 124S — Sunny front room with board; '
terms reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 1109 Sunny suite; . also s'.ngl*
rooms with excellent table.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Furnished room;
bath; good board; fit; two, $32 month.
ROOM* with board 1163 Turk st.
THE HENTON. 712 Butter— Excellent table' '
sunny suites; table boarders solicited.
A WEEK' news for 8 — The Weekly Call
16 pages, lr. wrapper, for mailing, II per year.
T PEWaiTESS ASD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No 1 '
Smith Premier, $25; other Typewriters at I
hirfcer and lower prices- rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 531) California st.
2l>-HAND typewriters ■old, rented, repaired. 1
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 503 Market
*— "" *" *" *" ■" ™^^— __ m^ m ,^_ _„ , »»»— —^
DIVIDEND HOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— The "Giant" owder Com- ;
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 75, of fifty cents
(50c) per chare on the issued capita: stock of i
the Compsry has been declared payable at
the San Francisco office of the Company,
room* 202. 204 and 20C, Kchl building, on I
March 10. ICCV Transfer books elo«ed '
March 3. 1603. at noon. C. C. QUINX. Sec. i
PBOFOSAX.B. ~
PROPOSALS for Clothing an.: Equipage— Of- j
fie« Depot Quartermaster. 3G New Montgom-
ery et.. San Francisco. Cal.. Mm-ch 3. 1905 —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received l.ere until
ifr o'clock a. m.. Pacific Standard Time,
Monday. March 13. 1005. and then opened
for furnishing Rubber Boots, Leggins ami i
I Cotton Uniform Cloth, ss per specifications
to be «'tn *t this office. Further informa-
tion ar.d b!ar.k proposals will be furnished
on application. Envelopes containing pro- i
posals to be marked: • 'Proposals for. Cloth- !
ing and Equipage, No. 1802, ". to be opened
Mar«-h 13, lftOS,' and addressed to Major C '
A. DEVOL. Q. at. U.S. A., Depot Quarter-
master. - I
WANTED — The Forent, Fish and Gazr.e isjsn '
r-iation desires hid* on concessions In- the '
i-portsman's exhlbiiion in Mechanics' Pavl'.- ■
Ion." from April 1 to 15 Inclusive. - ■ Cor.ces- !
flcns »-Jll be let as follows: Restaurant and j
Caf#t:an<ly. Icecream. Soft Drinks Popcorn"
Xcvlng Pictures. Photograph Gallery, Card
Writing. Card Silhouettes/ Souvenir Badge*,
Optical GooCt. Flori»t, ■- Novelties, Illusion*.
♦te. Apply for Information, secretary'i • of- '
tern 37 . Fhelan b:dg . ban Francisco. 1
' SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. i
i RENTERS— have 500 drop-head Whites
I fci rent at *2 a month; beat swing machlnfis
on earth. Telephone .Tpssle 4401. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO., 015 Market st. ,
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
I !« cheapest: second-band all makes at any
price- all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
AUTOMATIC <\V. & G.) $20; second-hand $5
to JS; slightly used ?15-$2O. You know where
the dolls swing in the window. 1051 Mkt. St.
1 ALL kind* bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
STUTTERING STAMMEBIBTO.
MELBOURNE system; 2 echools; 810 Diamond,
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. Ito 4.
f^ l—— — — -.^ — — — - — ;
- MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following- marriage licenses were Issued i
yesterday : I
Stephen Evans, 81. Moffat. Canada, and I
1 Winifred de Voney, 22. 353 Alvarado street-
Samuel Barren, 2.">. 74 Harriet street, and
Addle Gamba. 20, 315 Ellis street.
James P. Lee, 2.'.. 301? Sacramento street,
and M. Ethclwyn Speakman. 21, 851 Buchanan. |
Bert Waugh. 30, 597 Fourth street, and
Bertha Pruett. 50. C 97 Fourth street.
Joseph I. Richards, 21, city, and Lyda A.
Jordan. 21, city. : ■
Samurl E. Carpenter, 44. Petaluma. and
Lucy M. Rocers, 46, Petaluma.
James l'ora->. 21. 4 Klssllng street, and
Agnes Shea, 18, 404 Frederick street.
Alexander C. Gault. 35, Nevada City, and
Sara J. James. 29. Nevada City. ;
■William R. Darrell. 31. 819 A Jones street, |
and Inez P. Holtog, 25, 'JIOA Jones street.
James J. Hall, 23, 107 Turk street, and Alice :
Meecliair.. 19. 11.19 Florida street. V*
Thcmss J. Sweeney, 40, city, and Florence
Stanley. 40. MB Hyde street.
John P. Cassldy. 23, 1023 Hampshire street, |
and Marguerite Gilbert, 18. 1023 Hampshire et. 1
Michael J. Kclley, 21, 43 Sixth street, and
Edith B. Jacke. 21 655 Sutler street. ;
John B. Reynolds, 23, Waco, Texas, and :
Esther Carlson, 22. Templeton. Cal. I
Joseph E. Vanstenberg, 30, city, and Eliza- !
beth Jenkins. 30. city. ; i j
Joseph B. Duggan. 21, 2027 Pacific avenue, j
and Man" -1 • Nolan. 18. 1540 Eddy street.
Thomas S. Foley. 22. 310 Clipper street, j
and Mary Hogarty. 20. 1332 Church street.
Rufs E. Schad, 21, 623 Montgomery avenue, :
and Jean C. Whit»", IS. 902 Powell street.
Maraichi Otsuki, 27. Los Angelep. and 1
Todome Takaya. 21, Osaka. Japan. _^
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed ' !
in at either of the publication offices and be !
indorsed with the name and residence of per- |
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column |
free of charze. '■"-.• .-';;•. j ■
- ' .. , ,1 ;
BORX.
MA RLE In this city, March 4. 1905. to the \
wife of E. J. Marley, a son.
TATES— In Oakland, Cal.. March 4, 1905, to
the wife of William C Tates, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BROCHARD— In Hankow, China. j
Dr. Victor Brochard and Ella Grant Thomas. ;
DUNDON— this city, March 4, 1905, ,
by the Rev. E. L. Walz, pastor Fourth Con- |
gregational Church, Patrick E. Dupdon of i
' San Francisco and Lillian E. Hoyt of San
Jose, Cal.
LINDE— RANSDALL— In this city. March 5, •
1005, by the. Rev. R. F. Stelnbach Gustave !
T. C. Linde and Leva D. Ransdall. both of
San Francisco.
WIHR— STOUTER— In this city, March 5, I
1905. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, C. Ben- :
.jamin Wihr of . this city and Emma G. :
Stouter of San Leandro. Cal.
DIED.
Bersch, Henry — 52 iLux, Augusta —
Boyce, Samuel — 86 Maher, Jos.. W. —
Boyle, Cha*. A.— Morse, Hon. G. H.
Bradley. John— Obram, Vilera B. — 32 j
Callaghan, 66 Rlley, Mary— 76
Canavan, Thos. J. — Schreiner. F. H. —
Clifford Edna C. — Blmmonds, H. D. — 69 I
Coffin Mrs. .Sarah— 6k ltch. Elizabeth —
Cole, Lewis lS jßohn. William— 69
Donahue, Job. J. — 17 iSHaniord, Jane L
Doran, Edward T. — 24 Stewart, George— 2o
Fentou, Agnes J.— 3 i Thomas, Roberta 6l
Gallagher, W. P.— « 2 nbbetts, Grace L. —
Gleaeon. Jas. W.— Tread well." H. E. — 39 !
Guilfoyle, Anna— ■ Van Ee?beck. Louis — 13 j
Holmes. Eleanor — 25 Werz, Josephine
Humphreys. James Williams, F. L. — 64
Kelly, Ellen C— 29
BERSCH— In this city. March 6, 1905, Henry
Bersch, beloved husband of Alvlna Bersch, ;
a native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany,
- aged 52 years 9 months and 15 days.
BOTCE— In this city. March 5. 1905, Samuel
Boyce, uncle of H. G., W. TV, R. A. and
Miss If. E. Boyce and Mrs. J. W. Brown,
aged Sli year*.
ICTThe funeral services will take place .
Wednesday. March 8, at 2 p. m.. at 429
Golden Gate avenue. Interment private. i
BOTLE— In this city, March 6, 1905. Charter :
A. Boyle, beloved eon of Henry and the ;
late Elizabeth Boyle, and brother of Mrs.
W. F. Reed, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 3 months and 4 days.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, j
March 7. at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. j
BRADLEY— In thie city. March 5, 1905, John
Bradley, beloved brother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Dempsey, a native of Portland. Oregon, aged
25 years. /
C7Remains at the parlors of McFadden, I
Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be- j
tween Seventh and Eighth. ;
CALLAGHAN— In Tesla, Cal., March 6. 1905, ;
Callaghan, dearly beloved husband of |
Margaret Callaghan. and loving father of !
John J.. Henry J . Edward, Margaret and i
Susan Callaghan, a native of County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 66 years.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are rprr<*"t-
fully invited to attend the furi'.'t.il to-morrow
(Wednesday), from hi* late residence in
Llvermore. thence to St. Michael's Church, !
- v.-here a requiem mass will be offered for i
the retjose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. ;
CANAVAN— In this city, March 5. 1005.
Thomas J.. dearly beloved husband of Annie
Canavan, ami loving father of Frank, Alma!
and Cyril Canavan. and loving eon of Mrs. '
Jane Canavan, a native of San Francisco, i
aged 39 years.
D7Friends and acquaintances are respect- [
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day •
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- I
dence. 1029 Leavenworth street, near Call- j
fornia, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van '
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem' mass ■
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, '
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy I
Cross Cemetery. !
CLIFFORD— In this city. March 6, 1905. Edna I
C. beloved wife of Thomas C. Clifford, a '
native of France, aged SI years 11 months
and 20 dajts.
(ETThe .funeral will take place to-day 1
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of Carew & English . 29 Van Ness
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and !
Guerrero streets.
COFFIN — In Pacific Grove. Cal. March 2, .
1905.' Mrs. Sarah Elizabeth Coffin, mother
of Mrs. Charles A. Bailey and Mrs. Kate
Coffin, and grandmother of Cora W. Ray- >
mond H. and Bryant B. Bailey, a native of
LeeEburch, Va.. aged S6 years and 6 months, i
(Indianapolis. Ind.. and Greensburg, Ind., :
papers please copy.)
COLE — In the City and County Hospital.
March 6, 1905, Lewis Cole, a native of Mary-
land. aeed 4S years.
DONAHUE— In this city. March 4. 1905, Jo-
•eph J.. beloved eon of John and Margaret
Donahue, a native of San Miguel. Cal.. aged
17 years and 11 months. ' (Santa Cruz pa-
pers please copy.).
The funeral will take place Tuesday,
March 7, 'at 9:SO a. m., from the family
residence In San Mateo City, thence to St.
Matthew's Church, where a requiem mats I
will be celebrated for the repose . of his
«oul. at 10 a. m. Interment St. John'e (San
Mateo) Cemetery. ': , ' -
DORAN— this city. March B. 1905. Edward
T., beloved son of Joseph and Catherine
Doran. and brother of Joseph Doran Jr. and
Mrs. W. Gould, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 9 months and 20 days.
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 8:46 1
. o clock a. m., from the parents' residence, .
2924 Twenty-third street, near Alabama, |
thence to fit. Charles Borromeo's Church. '
where a solemn requiem high mass, will be j
celebrated for the repoae of his soul, at 9:30 I
a. ni. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FENTON— In this city. "March 5. 1905. ; Agnes !
Josephine. : dearly beloved daughter of John
and Mary Fenton. and sister ; of William.
John. Lawrence. James, Thomas ■ Alfred,
Mary. Sarah and Mervin Fenton and Brand-
daughter of Mrs. ; Comerford and the late
! William ICaln, : a native of San Francisco,
aged S years 2 months and 13 days. ,"'-—. ;
CTFrlentf* and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the , funeral to-day '
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from the >. residence I
1 of her parents. 235 Crescent avenue. Inter- i
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this \ city. March 6 1905 i
. William ' P., husband of ; Mary c , GalWher 1
. father -of William .1. and Joseph V. Galls '
gher. Mr*. : G. L. Blair,. Mrs. J. D. Roan- I
j tree. Mrs.- 1). .1 . Manning of Chicago and
I. Mrs. R. B. Kells' of Los 'Angeles, and
I brother of Mrs.- M. J. Furlong,, a native- of i
■ Roscomroon; Ireland, aged' «2 years.-- - '
, r Thc funeral will take place - to-morrow
! (Wednesday), at 9:30 a.-m... -m.. from his -late :
I reside me. M 7 Van : Ness : avenue, , thence to
! St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem maws
I r.ill be celebrated 'for.: the' repose of his soul I
at 10 a. m. ', Interrcent Holy? Cross Ccme- I
.' fry, by electric car from Eighteenth -and
t Guerrero street*. v
GLEASON— In this city, March 4. 1905,
James V.'., dearly beloved husband -of Cath-!
. eriae Glea*on. and dearly beloved father of I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1905
I Edward J.. William J.. Grace A. and Lloyd
F. Gleason. a native of Boston.. Mass., aged
.54 yeaie 8 months and 10 days. A member
'of Golden Gate ■ Council • No. -.34, Y. M. . I.:
Triumph Lodge : No. ' ISO, A. O. U. W..
and Golden West Camp, W. O. W. (Boston I
papers please copy.) '■ ' j
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Tuesday), at S:3O a. m.. from his late resi- ;
dence, ".'CS Octavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, - corner - Fell and : Fillmore |
streets, where a requiem ' high mass will be
celebrated for. the ; repose of . his soul, com-
mencing at o.'a.'-m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.,:: .'-.-; "■/.; ' \
Golden Gate Council No. 34, Y. M. I.— You
are hereby notified to attend the , funeral of
our late brother. James W. - Gleason. ' 265 Oc-
tavia street, to-day (Tuesday),' at 9 o'clock
a. m. Fines for non-attendance. ;
J. J. ' ROWE, President. =
E. L. HARRINGTON'. Secretary.
! GUILFOTLE— In this - city, ■ March 4. 1905,
Anna, dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick
Guilfoyle. , and mother of Margaret. v William ,
and John Gullfoyle. a,- native of Ireland, j
aged 53 years. (Portland. Ore., and Paw- I
tucket. R. 1., papers please copy.) '
in7"Frlends and acquaintances , are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, |
March 7. at y a. m.. : from the parlors of •
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue, |
thence to Sacred Heart Church. where a re- i
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
HOLMES— In Oakland. Cal., '. March 6, 1905,
at 1003 Webster street. Eleanor, beloved wife ■
of George P. . Holmes mother of Eleanor j
Holmes, daughter of Mrs. G. Bradford, and
- sister iof Thomas and Charles Bradford, a ,
native of California, aged 25 years 2 months !
and 8 da.**. . . ,;
i HUMPHREYS— In this ; city. March 6, 1905, j
Janus Humphreys, a native of Ireland. -
' C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KELLY— In Douglas, , Alaska, February 23, J
1&05, Ellen Cecelia Kelly, • beloved wife of 1
William H. Kelly, mother of Raymond, Ma- '
rian and Honora daughter of the late I
Michael C. and the late Margaret M. Cough - |
i lin. and sister of Timothy C.,' William C.
and Robert E. Coughlin and Mrs. J. C.
Johnston, a native of > Springfield, Mass.,
aicd 29 years.,
LUX— In this city, March 6. 1905. Augusta,
beloved wife of the late Francois ► Lux, dearly ;
devoted mother of Frank A., Walter L. and j
Zelma A. Lux, and , sister of Mrs. Anna j
Schuster and Mrs. Amelia .Voss. " a", native
of Saxony, Germany, 55 years C months I
and 23 days. A member of Golden Gate
Charter No. 1. O. E. S.
ITT" Notice of funeral hereafter. ...
MAHER— In this city, March 5, .1905. Joseph
VV., beloved husband of Rose Mahe?, and
father of Edward J., William P., Thomas J
F., John W.. Frank H., Vincent P., Charles j
A.. Arthur and Ernest Maher and the late '
Joseph W. Maher Jr., a native of St. John, |
N. 8., aged til years and 6 months. ;• (New (
Tork, Chicago, Boston and St. John, N. 8.,
papers please copy.) . - ■
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the 1
parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will -be celebrated ! for the 1
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. |
Interment Holy Cross -Cemetery. •
MORSE— In' New York, March 4, 1906, " Hon.
George H. Morse, late Mayor of Burlington,
Vermont, brother of Edward A. : Morse of
this city.
OBRAM— this city, at her residence. 718
Eighth avenue, March 4, 1905. Vilera 8., be-
loved wife of T. G. Obram, and ' mother of
Olive V. Obram. and stepmother of Edith
Mabel Obram, and daughter of the late Al-
bert and Martha Wristen. and sister of Syl-
vester C. and Levl Wristen of Fresno. Cal.,
a native of Contra Costa County. Cat., aged
32 years 4 months and -■ 10 days, f (Fresno
papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
|j Tuesday, March 7, at 3 p. m.. at the chapel j
at Mount Olivet Cemetery. Electric funeral :
car. at disposal of friends, will leave ;
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at -2:15 I
p. m. ' • "... - .
RILET— In Oakland, Cal.. March 5, 1905, Mary I
Rlley. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years:
SCHREINER— In Stockton. Cal.. March 4, j
< 1905, Frederick Hubert, beloved husband of ■
Hattie K. Schrelner, father of Gertrude and j
Katie Schrelner. son of Mrs. ' Sophie ;
Schrelner and the late Hubert .Schrelner, '
and brother of Hubert. - Lena and Minnie j
Schreiner and the late Mrs. Katie F. Beck- \
er, a native of San Francisco, aged 37 years |
2 months and 17 days. A member of the \
Musicians' Mutual Protective Union of San j
Francisco.
E3Triends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ;
(Tuesday), at 1 p.' m.. from his mother's ;
residence, ; 566 Chestnut street, between ['
Powell and Mason. Interment New Odd |
Fellows' Cemetery, Colma, • San Mateo
County, by carriage.
SIMMON In Oakland, Cal., March 6. 1905, 1
Hernando D., beloved husband of Katherin j
J.. and father of Mrs. Joseph A. Spangler, 1
a native of Ohio, axed -. 59 •■ years and 6 !
months. ' ' _ ; - .
lE?" Funeral from his late residence, 575
Twenty-fifth street, I Wednesday, March 8,
19C5, at 2 p. m. Interment strictly private.
SKITCH— In Oakland. March 16, 1905. Eliza-
; beth SJtitch, mother of Mrs. C. E. Ford,
Mrs. Sarah Whitman. Mrs. > H. T. Hemp-
etead, Mr». Edith Olen and Rosie, Mabel,
William and Humphrey Skltch. a native of
Dundee. Scotland, aged 57 years.
ET'Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the - funeral service* J
Thursday, March 9. at 2 o'clocK .p. m.. at the i
residence of her daughter. Mr*. C. E. Ford,
660 Fourth street, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate.
SOHN— In this city. March 6. 1905, William
Sohn. beloved father of Fred W. and William
F. Sohn, a native of Germany, aged 69 i
years 1 month and 21 days. (St. Paul, Min-
nesota, papers please copy.) .
(E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday). 2:30 p. m.. from the par- 1
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. .1137 -Mission 1
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, . by 3:30 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
STANFORD— Passed away at Honolulu. H. T., I
February 28. 1905. Jane Lathrop Stanford. - I'
(E7"Notice of funeral services hereafter. ".:
STEWART— In this city, March 5. 1905, George j
Stewart, beloved son of the Henry and Mar- |
tha Stewart, and brother of • Harry, John :
and Martha Stewart and Mrs. J. P. Tay- '
lor, a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
Friend? and' acquaintances are respect -
fitly Invited to attend the f uaenl to-morrow i
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
residence of his sister, Mrs. J. P. Taylor,
82SVi Pacific etreet. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. . ,
THOMAS— In <,his city, March 0 1905, Rob-
erta Thomas, wife of Stephen -. Thomas and
beloved mother of David Rankln, • a native
of Virginia, aged 61 years 6 months and 10
day?. Sg|pMßffgf^*^jeg|gaSit
TIBBETTS — In Alameda, Cal., March 6, 1005,
Grace Lazell, Infant daughter of Grace Cil ley
. and Walter G. Tibbetts. a native of Ala-
meila. aged 1 year 11 months and 17 days. '
C Interment private in Mountain View
' Cemetery. . ;
TREADWELL — In this city. March 6, 1905,
Herbert E., beloved husband of Jennie
<Treadwell.- a native of California, . aged 39 I
years; 11 months and 26 days.
VAN EESBECK— In this city, March 6. f 1906,
Louis Van Eesbeck, beloved husband of
Emily Van Eesbeck, a native of England,
aged 43 years 6 months and 6 days. (Chey-
enne, Wye, and Chicago papers pleas*
copy.) ■ ■■ ■ t '-'.•■■ ; . ■-.-■ . . ■. ,: -, ■ ..
- (C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from
the funeral parlors of Joseph < Hagan, ' 1707
Sacramento street. near Polk. Interment
■private. Please omit flowers. '■■ .* ■■ . ■ ■-. ■
WERZ — In this city. March 5, 1906, Josephine
• dearly beloved mother ;of' J. C. ■ and L, ' a.
Werz. and aunt of Mrs. J. J. Luchsinger, a '
native of New Orleans. (HoUiater papers
please copy.) '-'. ; v :•  - .. // '
(DTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, • noon,
at her late residence, 1627 Ellis street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery, by funeral
' car from Eighteenth end ; Guerrero - steete. ' :
WILLIAMS — into i rest. -In this city,
March 6. 1905, Frederick L.. dearly I beloved
husband of Catherlna Williams. ■ and devoted
father of Geneva ' B. ■ and Margaret ' L. Wil- I
liams, a native of Brfort. - Germany," r aged j
64 years 7 months and 17 days. , A member '
of Journeymen Butchers 1 = Protective and Be- '
nevolent Association No. 1. •*:. ,"
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are : respect- • '
fully invited to .attend- the' funeral to-day '
(Tuesday), March 7.:- at 1* p. m.. from - his j
late r residence.- 300 , Railroad J avenue . near
Fifth.' South San . Francisco, thence to* : Ma-
sonic Hall. Fourteenth: and .'Railroad avenues
South, where services will be held. under the '
auspices of . South > San ; Francisco . Lodge i No. i
212. :F. 'and A. ■-'. M.. : ; commencing at l - 30 !
p. m. Interment . New v Masonic -Cemetery ■
San Mateo County, by ( carriage, 'v •■-' •■>i-'-- ]
Members ;of ; ; Beulah Chapter No. 99 O
E. S., * are requested tto ' attend the funeral i
of F. L. Williams (father of our W/M.).v-
, - ; MARY .TODD.;. Secretary
REAL ESTATE TRANSAOTIOItS.
MONDAY, MARCH 9.
H. B. and Laura A. Pinney to Arthur W
.Tohnson, lot on E line of Buchanan street
82:5% S of Green, P 2S:I-% by E 7r >; $io.
Kmily A. Wickman to Edward T. and Mar
garet E. Murray, lot on P line of Fell street
164 :« Eof Webster, E2sby S 120; 110.
Josephine Werz to Joseph C. and Louis A.
Werz. lot on S line of Kill* street, 71 E of
Fllimore, E 3o:0 by S 137:8; gift.
C. M. and Miriam E. Belshaw to James
Donahue, lot or W line of Brorlerick street 75
N of Oak. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Lucy W. or Lucy Taibert CHoadley) (War
ren) Rnd James M. Taibert to Hyman and
Anna Elchen. lot on S line of Bush" street 4'{
W of Lyon. XV 25-» by S 107:6; $20.
M. li. and Kate I. de Young to Elgin and
Julia D. S'o<idard. lot on E line nf Shrader
street, IC2:<5 N of Hayes. N 25 by c Iln- $io
Alice M. llaydwell to Hattie G.*Deahl, lot ori
S line of Washington street, 165 E of Maple E
27:6 by S 127:M 4 ; $10. '
Arthur O. Potter to Walter A. Radlu= lot
en N line of «'Uy street. l2fi:S4 E of First
avenue. E 25.5- 4 by X 127:S'»: $10.
Pope Estate Company to Rounlree Home
Building Company lot on NW corner of Grat- |
tan and Cole streets, N 60 by W 107:834; *10. j
Congregation Emanu-El (Raphael Peixotto,
| trustee). Eureka Benevolent Association and |
; Simon Newman (trustee) to City and County ;
1 of San Frar.ciaco, lot on SW corner of Eight- \
1 eenth and Dolores streets, S 520 by W 560;
' $151,350.
Raphael and M. J. Peixotto to same, same,
! quitclaim deed, $5.
; Congregation Sherith Israel to same, lot on
; SW corner of Nineteenth and Dolores streets,
5 to Twentieth. W to Church, N to Nineteenth, !
E to beginning; $140,000.
Jennie and William H. Baker to Bina Bello,
lot on E line of Castro street, 100 S of Six
teenth, S 30 by E 115; $10.
John D. and Anita B. McKee to Luvigi
Gendotti. lot on W line of Mission street,
147:8 or thereabouts N of Twenty-fourth, N
S6. W 125, S 18:31-4. E 7:6, S 16:10. E 117:6;
Elien Ellard to Hannah Ellard, lot on W
DM of Hampshire street, 125 S of Twenty- \
fourth, S 26 by W 100, and lands adjacent; ,
Anna M. Hobart (wife of John R) to Ed
] ward and Mary B. Whoriskey. lot on S line
of Twenty- third street, 202:6 W of Diamond,
I W 25:10 by S 114; $10.
I G. Howard Thompson to May Mott-Smlth
i Bird, lot on S line of Lombard street, 100 E
I of Kearny. W .17:6 by S 7i>; .$lO.
George W. and Mercedes L. Call to Ida O.
; Hodgdon (wife of Herbert F.), lot on N line
Of Sacramento street, 50 E ot Keamy, E 44:2 !
by N r.0:6; $io.
Washington Nevin to Mar}' A. Nevin. lot on. I
■ E line of Powell street. 49:6 N of Sacramento,
; N 22 by E 56; also NE corner of 50-vara lot
122. S 44 by W 56; gift.
Emilie C. and Arthur E- Banks to Daniel
] M. Hanlou, lot on NW line of Clara street,
1 375 SW of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
Henrietta I. Selby to James Crichton, lot '
I on SW line of Boardman place, 225 SE of
I Bryant street. SE 50 by SW 122:6, NW 75, NE
I 40. SE 2C. NE 76:6; $10.
Bridget Johnson to John F. Hennig, lot on
■ NE line of Dora street, 275 NW of Harrison.
I SB 22:6 by NE 75; $10.
Albert and Florence D. Schrocpper to John
! Walton, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
j 125 N of Lake street, N 26 by W 120; $10.
Eugenia I. Cole to Mercedes Company, lot !
on S line of Lake street. 107:6 E of Nine
teenth avenue, X 75 bj S 100; $10.
Elizabeth E. Weniger et al. to Jacob Hey
, man Company, lot on SW corner of Thirty
| first avenue and Clement street, S 600 by W
1 120; $10.
Josephine "Werz to Joseph C. and Louis A. i
Werz, lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue,
57:6 W of Eighth avenue, S 100 by W 50;
«lft.
Bay District Land Company to Mortt» W.
Levy, lot on E line of Second avenue, 200 N ■
; of A street, N 25 by E 12O: $10.
Henry S. Bridge and F. W. Fuller to Annie ;
' Hendry, lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue.
I 375 N of C street, N 38:10, NE 120:0H, S
, 37:6' i. TV 120. quitclaim deed; $1.
Annie and J. F. Hendry to Solomon Geti,
same ; $10.
Sadie and Thomas R. Tllley to J. W. Wright I
6 Sons' Investment Company, lot on E line of '
I Twenty-third avenue, 100 S of B street, S 60
by E 120; $10.
Bay District Land Company to United States
j Building, Realty and Investment Society, lot :
I on W line of Third avenue, 250 S of B street,
| S 25 by W 120; $10.
Joseph Sattler to William Koenlg. lot on
SW corner of Fourth and Huso streets, S 35 !
by W 95; $10.
Clara K. J=utro or Clara Kluge to William
Koenlg. lot on N line of Hugo street, 95 E of
Fourth avenue, E 25 by N 100; *10.
William and Margaretha J. Koenlg to A. j
Aaron, lot r>n N line of Hugo Ftre&t, 95 E of i
Fourth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
City "Realty Company to James E. Burke, |
lot on W line of First "avenue. 125 N of Hugr>
■treat. N 25 by TV 120: sio.
Thomas G. and Gertrude Garstang to George
E. Moreton. lot on S line of I street. 82:6 E
of Forty-seventh avenue, B 2o by S 100; $10.
Wendell and Carrie Easton to L. M. Hoefier. '■
J lot on W Iln? of Fifteenth avenue. 134:6 N of
L street. TV 225, NW 145, E 238:2. S 178:3;
: also lot on NW corner of Fourteenth avenue
I and X street. N 110, W 12S. S 110:3. E 119:9:
| ?io.
Estate of Ellen Kiernan (incorporated) (by
I Thomas Penllngton. guardian) to Thomas .1.
I Stanton, lots 7 to 8, block 0, Flint Tract; '
; $1050.
Thomas .1. and Elizabeth Stanton to Eliza-
I belli S. Joi-y, lots 7 and 8. block 9, same; $10. i
Mllvla. Chappellet to West Shore Lend Com-
I pany. lot on NE line of Russia avenue, 75 SE
! of London street. SE 25 by NE 100, block 11, ,
| Excelsior Homestead; $10
Baldwin & Howell to Isabella B. Tuohey. lot ,
I 1. block 9, subdivision 1, Castro street addi
1 tion: $10.
Frederick L Williams to Catherine Wil
liams, lot on SW line of Servia street, 150 SE
' of Susquehanna. SE 25 by SW 100, block 266.
: ON. & H. Tract; sift.
Same to same, lot on NE line of Paraguay
street. 75 NW of Yazoo, NE 100, NW to Rail-
I road avenue. S 103:11, SE to beginning of
i block 260. South San Francisco Homestead
.' and Railroad Association; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Servia street. ]
I 176 E of Susquehanna. S 60 by E 100, N to
! Servia. thenoe to beginning; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Servia
street. 125 SE of Susquehanna. SE 25 by SW
100. blonk 266, ON. & H. Tract; gift.
Außust W. and Herman C. Kaufmann to
Augusta D. Eckenroth, undivided half of
the estate of Louise C. Kaufmann; $10.
Peter and Martha Peterson to Frank H. Den
man, lot on SW line of St. Mary's avenue, 2ft
SW of Marsilly *treet. NW 5 by SW 95, lot 1,
block 2, De Boom Tract; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company to
Mariane Waring. Int on SE line of London
i street 225 SW of Brazil. SW B0 by SE 100,
block 'l2, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
James L. Butcher to Hanorn Butcher, lot on ]
S lln» of Seventh avenue. 160 E of N street, .
E 25 by S 100. lot 81. block 139. Central Park
Homestead Association; gift.
Reliance Realty and Trust Company to Mary
McNamara, estate of Patrick McNamara, quit
claim deed: fl.
P. Emll ami Christina Forsstrom to Caroline
0 Minx lot on NF, line of China street, 50 NW
i of Naples. NW 2. r > l.y NE 100, block 48, Ex- i
cc-lslor Homestead; SIO.
Harry E. Preston to Frederick C. Jaeger, !
lot on S line of Ca.«selli avenue. 925:.TU W j
of Douslass street and 303:6% S of Eighteenth. 1
SE 100:4Ts, SW 26:n5;,, NW 99:11%. NE j
•2!):0Vi: $10.
Julius C. Reis to Louis M. Alexander, lots
1 and 2. block 35, Reis Tract: grant.
Builders* Contracts.
Mary M. Fostarty (owner) with Thoma*
Healey (contractor), plans by ow,ner — All work
excepting grading for a three-story frame
building (three flats) on S line of Frederick
street. 475 E of Stanyan. 25x137:6: $5050.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Black Butte.. 44 45|Nev Goldfleld. 28 31
Black Rock.. d+ OttlOakes 09 —
Blue Bell 05 — Oro — 08,
Blue Bull ... .'{o — jPotlatch — 25 1
Brooklyn 05 06|Red Lion — 07 |
Columbia Mt. 54 551 Red Top 3f> 40
Dixie Mm ... 21 29 St Ives 4fi 47;
Frisco 10 — ISandstorm ... 78 —
Qldfid Exploit 15 — [Sandstorm ESx. — IS j
Ooldfleld Nev. 76 "Sißllver Pick ... 16 17
Jumbo M Co. 80 —Verde — 07 1
Kendall - SSlVernal 1« —
Lone Star ... 17 2l|
Tonopah District.
Ton Belmont.. 09 1 00 Mont Ton . . .2 »5 3 00
California ... 18 — X V Ton Con. — 15
Cash Boy ... — 16 North Star — 57
Gold Anchor. . 60 — Paymaster ... 05 0B
Home 22 23 Rescue 13 15
Ind Tonop&h. — 06 Ton Exten ... — X 2S
Jim Butler .. «0 —Ton Nev.. 11 62t-i 11 75
MaeNamira. . 51 53|Tomahawk ... *14 15
Ton Mdway.l 10 1 12W.|West End ... 49 63
Other Districts.
Anglo-Nev ..2 70 — (Gold Mt Con.. — 02
Bsj>eranza ... 01 01 «i ßay & O'Brien 04 —
Free Gold .. — lo^Rothwell — 28
Florence Ex.. 15 16ITon Gold Mt.. — 18
SAIL.OR TAKES HIS LIFE
IN ASYLUM IX STOCKTON
Victim of Many Shipwrecks Plans the
Deed With Remarkable
Cunning.
STOCKTON, March 6.— Alfredo
Mantovani, a sailor', sent to the Stock
ton Asylum last September from the
Marine Hospital in San Francisco,
committed suicide Saturday night by
hanging himself in his bedroom. He
planned and executed the deed with
remarkable cunning. Between rounds
of the attendants he put his shirt over
the grating of the door, and then tied
about his waist a sack of sand used in
polishing the oiled floors. The rope
used to drag: the sand about, he then
tied to tho window bars, stood upon
the sill, pulled the shade down be
hind his back and jumned off.
Mantovani was thirty-eight years of
age and leaves a wife and child in
Italy. The many shipwrecks which he
experienced brought about his con
dition.
NEVADA SENATE OPPOSES
MIDNIGHT CLOSING LAW
Measure Removing the Present Re-
strietions From Saloons Will
Go to the Governor.
RENO, March 6. — By a majority of
one vote to-day the Senate repealed
the midnight saloon closing law, a
statute that has been on the books for
meny years. The act has already
passed the Assembly and now goes to
the Governor. Its approval will mean
the entire State will be practically
wide open so far as saloons are con
cerned.
SAYS BRIBERS
ARE AT WORK
Colorado Senator Claims
He Was Given Money to
Vote for Alva Adams
SPKINGS A SENSATION
♦
Postmaster of Denver and
Railroad Official Said to
Have Handled the Cash
DENVER, March 6. — A committee
was appointed to-day by the General
Assembly of Colorado to investigate
charges of bribery in the contest for
the Governorship. Charges have been
made and published in the local news
papers to the effect that a fund had
been raised by corporations and was
being used to purchase votes for James
H. Peabody, who seeks the office held
by Alva Adams, but no notice of them
was taken by the General Assembly.
To-day immediately after the Joint
convention, which is hearing argu
ments in the contest, was called to
order, Senator R. W. Morgan (Re
publican) of Boulder strode down the
aisle, holding aloft a paper, which he
handed to the presiding officer and
which was read to the Assembly by a
clerk at the request of the writer. The
communication was as follows:
To Jesse T. McDonald, President of the Sen
ate and Presiding Officer of the Joint Conven
tion of the Fifteenth General Assembly — Sir:
1 have to Inform you that on the 2d day of
March, 1906, one James M. Herbert and Dan
iel Sulllvon offered and promised to pay the
undersigned tho sum ol one thousand five hun
dred dollars to vote for the Hon. Alva Adams
for Governor In the contest now pending- be
fore this joint convention. Of the sum said
James M. Herbert paid the aum of seven hun
dred and fifty dollars. This money I have
given to George Stldger, District Attorney lor
the city and county uf Denver, for his official
use. 1 have also grtven to him such informa
tion as he requires in his official capacity. . I
also destre to lay the matter before the people
of the State, the Senate and the Joint con
vention, as It affects the question now pend
ing before this convention.
R. W. MORGAN.
Silence fell upon the joint conven
tion for several minutes after the
reading of Senator Morgan's state
ment. Then Representative J. B.
O'Connell, a Democrat, expressed sur
prise that the members of the Re
publican majority apparently did not
propose to take any action on the
charges and he moved that a com
mittee of five be appointed by the
chair to make a thorough investiga
tion of the whole matter and report
before a vote is taken in the contest.
After brief debate, in which several
Republicans joined in the demand for
an investigation, the motion was
unanimously carried.
James M. Herbert, whom Senator
Morgan charged with having given
him $750 as a bribe, is vice president
and general manager of the Colorado
and Southern Railroad and stands in
the foremost ranks of railroad officials
ir. the United States. Daniel Sulli
van, who is accused by the Senator of
having offered the alleged bribe, is
postmaster of Cripple Creek and one
of the most prominent Republican
workers in the State.
Eight informations charging bribery
and conspiracy were filed against Her
bert and Sullivan in the criminal court
by District Attorney George M. Stid
ger almost simultaneously with the
springing of the sensation in the joint
convention by Senator Morgan. Bonds
of $5000 each were furnished by the
accused.
This afternoon Postmaster Sullivan
assaulted Richard Broad, a Peabody
worker, on the street, striking him in
the face with his fist. Several by
standers interfered, preventing further
hostilities. Sullivan says that Broad
and other lobbyists instigated Morgan
to make the charges for the purpose
of influencing legislators in favor of
Peabody and denies that there is any
truth in Morgan's statement.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A STATESMAN
OF BELGIUM
BRUSSELS, March 6.— Baron Lam
bermont, secretary-general of the For
eign Office, died to-day, following a
stroke of paralysis on Saturday. For
half a century the Baron had much to
ao with directing the foreign policy of
Belgium.
Baron Lambermont's aged sister,
who was living in the country, dropped
dead this morning when informed that
her brother was dead.
»;';■— : — •" — — * "
PASSES AWAY IN TEXAS.
HOUSTON. Tex.. March 6. — Judge
John 11. Reagan, sole surviving mem
ber of the Confederate Cabinet, died
to-day at Palestine, Texas, of pneu
monia.
Judge Reagan, who was 86 years of
age, has been in failing health for a
year or more.
William C. Clark Passes Away.
The passing of William C. Clark a
few days ago took another son of Cal
ifornia, who was descended from an
early settler. A grandson of Governor
Clark of Kentucky, after whom Clark
County was named, and a son of Judge
Robert Clark of Sacramento, the de
deceased acquired also an excellent
standing for himself. His business
career was well known In Pittsburg,
Pa., San Francisco and Sacramento.
He married Miss Sallie Russell of
Sacramento. She and two daughters,
Lora and Elsie, survive him; also "two
sisters, Mrs. Charles McCreary and
Miss Minnie Clark.
Death Calls Presbyterian Elder.
MIDDLETOWN, N. V., March 6.—
George Wickham, an elder in the First
Presbyterian Church for twenty-four
years, offered prayer in the church, re
turned home and had just greeted his
wife when he was stricken with apop
lexy and died. He was the father of
Harvey L. Wickham, a San Francisco
newspaper man, and a member of one
of the oldest families in this section.
Forestville Loses Pioneer.
SANTA ROSA, March 6. — Lev!
Davis, a well known Forestville pion
eer, died at his home there yesterday.
He came to California in 1852 and
was the first man to introduce carp
in this State, importing the fish from
the JSast about thirty years ago.
STEAMSHIP ASHORE
AT BEMJNGHAM BAY
City of Seattle Grounds in the For
and Passengers Are
Removed.
BELLIXGHAM, Wash., March 6.—
The steamship City of Seattle ran
ashore in the fog to-day on the north
beach of flfelllngham Bay. The pas
sengers were landed in small boats.
The officers hope to float the vessel on
the hisrh tide.
OrrrrAV TRAyEL.
-1 -' . steamers leave Piers 0 and
; "/^t^^^' ; v IFo3r**ketchikan?-!1 Fo 3 r**ketchikan?- ! Wrangel.
W^M J&J this company's steamer at
XMSjJjIJ' " Se FF ort r e ' Victoria, Vancouver.
Sta e te n of S Californla. f hursdayti. 8 a. »•
lor Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Kan Pedro> Santa Barbara, Santa Cru». Men-
fe'rey^Sin^* Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme. t,. »
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., March 3, 11. 19. ?J.
AD Santk Cru» (freight only). 9 a. m.. Mar. 7.
15 2 rEnsenada. Magdalena Bay/. San Jose del
Cabo. Macallan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Bo-
BllaTTopolobampo. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m..
7t ALASKA EXCURSIONS (season 19(»)— The
palatial excursion steamship Spokane will leave
5-acoma. Seattle and Victoria June 8. 22. July
C, *>. August S. 17. - •
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — New Montgom-
i cry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
| way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market at.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
■-■■-• 10 Market gt..' San . Francisco.
. • AMERICAN I.IITE.
Plymouth— Cherbourg Sonthampton.
New Tork Mar. IS [Philadelphia ..Apr. 1
St. Louis ...:. Mar. 25 1 St. Paul Apr. 8
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIKE.
Hew York — Direct.
i Minnehaha Mar. 18 ! ManItou Apr. 1
• Minnetonka ...Mar. 25IMesaba Apr. 8
HOLLAKD-AJIEBICA I,IK^.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGNE
:. Sailing- Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
i Noordam Mar. 22|Ryndam Apr. ft
; Statendam ....Mar. 29 Rotterdam ....Apr. 12
RED STAB LINE.
New Tork — Antwerp— Xiondon Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
Finland .......Mar. lß^Kroonland ....Apr. 1
Vaderland . Mar. Iceland ' Apr. 8
WHITE STAB X.I2CE. .
ITew York — — Liverpool.
1 Cedric Mar 22.6:30 am [Teutonic. Apr. 5. 10 am
! Baltic. 29. 1 pmlCiltlc Apr. 7. 7 am
Boston — Oueenstown — Liverpool.
brie. Apr. S.May 11 1 Arabic Apr. 27
NEW YORK AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa,
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC... Apr ITROMANIC July 6
CRETIC Mar. IS. Apr. 29, June 13
FROM BOSTON.
i ROMANIC April 22. June 3
' CANOPIC April 1. May IS. June 24
C D. TAYLOR. Paseniref Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Hamburg-American.
\ Plymouth— Cherbourg-Hamburg
S. S. Deutsehland
Sails Apr. 27. May 25. June 22. etc.
' SPatrlcia . . Mar 25 t'Moltke. ..Apr. 20
; JPretoria ......Apr. 1 Itßelgravia Apr. 22
! IWaldersee Apr. ■» tDeutschland ..Apr. 27
t*Bluecher Apr. 12 JPennsylvanla .Apr. 20
fGrill room. *Gymnsstum on board. JVla
i Dover for London & Paris to Hamburg. tDlrect.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE, 35-37 Broadway, N.T.
■;.i '. .JIERZOG & CO.. 401 California st.
> Aj*Aatila%ff V sT'A «""'"». mho*. «m
• B. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Mar. 15, 11 a.m.
8. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurdar, March 16. 2 p. m.
, SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Mar. 25, 11 a.m. j
! ].D.SPHICKELSacBHOiCa,i«B.,IICiKOBC-JW3llir-
, teL FrBi£lit dee 327 Market sl. Pisr 7, Pacti; st |
; COKFASMIB GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-Paril.^OM ■,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of fl%X+
■ Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.^^^^^^
North River. foot Morton st. , ,
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See- I
ond class ' to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN- !
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
I CANADA, -82 Broadway (Hudson building).
; New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
' Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
. .Tickets sold by all Railroad . Ticket Agents.
For 17. 8. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Strs. General Frtsble, Monticello and Arrow,
! 0:48 a, m., 12:30 p. m., 3:15 p. m.. 8 p. m..
; 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 9:45 a. m., 13:30 noon, 8
p. m-, 6:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a. m., 9
■a. m.. 12:30 p. m., 3:20 p. m.. 8 p. m. week
days. Sundays. 7 a. m.. 9 a. m.. 3:20 p m.,
op. m. Pier 2. foot Mission St.: phone Main
1508. HATCH BROS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABNT ST. Established
In 1954 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo*t Manhood. Debility or
disease rrearlnson body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Ciirrtgnarnntrnl. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. QIBBOX, San Francisco. CaL
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
• Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed j
on Application.
on.
! LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLI3,
! 418 Front St.. S F. Phone Main 1719.
FSIHTUfO.
LCHUGHES, tus^mJ^a-v.
C. IItUULJ, Cll Sansome st.. a P.
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
■ CAUroRwTuMITEDI
■CHICAGo'iN 3 DAYS
H : LEAVES DAILY AT9:3OA M. I
1§ WITH OINE.RSA.HD3I.£eP£_R3j
Other Santa Pc Trains: :
! 7 :30 a. m. - / -!
j 9:30 a.m. \ For Stockton. Fresno, BakersfUld.
8:00 p. fa. J > Merced, Hanford • and Vlsalla.
I 4:00 p. m. For Stockton.' ' •
8:00 p. m. For * Kansas City. . Grand Canyoa
and Chicago. ...
' Ticket Offices — 653 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
■ -. San < Francisco: . also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
: . land. 'Cal.:. also 27 South First. San Joes.
g^^^H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HI MILL VALLEY,
ROSS VALLEY.
HILL VALLEY,
I CAZADERO, Etc
l2|is|*aStStW&«S|! Via Sauaallto Perry
SUBURBAN 'SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGB.
<: Depart r from : San ' Francisco ; dally at - tr:Oflk i
! 7-45 1 8:25, 9:10. 9:50 11:00 a. m.; 12:20, I.« I
3:16/ 4 :35. 1 5:10, 5:50. 6:30. 7:15. 10:15 . and
f ii-35 p. m.
i Arrive at San" Francisco dally at t6:40 ,7:35
1 «.i6 8-50 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30" 2:55!
4:25/ 6:05., 6:43 - 6:22 6:57 7:4 »Sum
I tDatly except Sunday. ■■BBWSB
For Fairfax dally at 5:45 a. m.: also Satur-
'■ days at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Saturday
: and Sunday at , 5:15 p. : mZW&mh&S&
; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a.' at. — Cazadero and way statlooa '
:. 3:16 p. m. Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
etc. '■' «£rtpHpv<KMßfl^pMwnHnEMH|M{
5:15 p. n>. dally, except Saturday and Sun*
day- for Tomales. etc. : ■ ; • - - .: '■ .
TICKET } OFFICE— Market ' st.
.: FERRY— Depot, foot of . Market st.
Mt Tamalpais Railway
I It. 9aa fnndtco j \ **. San 7naia'scs J
fntTpays Snadayi '^ffl^^flß^ ~3nnd»ysTwitr Day» '•
»:35a Ite^SJlflSfl l:3Opj«lO:5Oi
> 9:50 a 9:50 a »»^HB 3:65p a:s3p
1:45p1 11:OOa VMJHf . 4:25p isTgip* !
1:45p I:4sp< «;31p 6 2 3p
.'TBatariiji 4:35p _" . ----- * 3»turdaj* ll:12p -
I '; -Sfr-'nt 6r*Tity Car Y. Ml, to Mill Tiils| ' '
j | ncm I j 660 Markzt ST.,(North Shore Railroad} J
, - V FICB ) and S auto Fuutv. Foot Market Si,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
. - >i«sffr3*\ Train* !••▼• and ■*?» 1 •».
rdsMsbr) SAN FRANCI9C °-
I I "O^TSy 7 r«OM FIBSCAST 1. 1905
Wi^li^O/ Fsr.-T Ds?>t
(Toot at Market Street.)
•l»at« - ■ MAIN" LINE. - Aim*!
7 00a UlchHion'l. Port Costs. Vull^Jo. ~
VHc*ville. Winters. Bumsey.Sui-
iua. BoniclH. Eimlrf ami »»cr»-
mento (via N'ltpaJucctloa) 7 Vlt>
7 00a DaTlg.-Woodl.tnd. Knights LaoUlnaj,
Mary^Tl'le. orovllle ........ 7 50»
' 7.30 a N!!e*. Ples«antoa. Llvermore.
Tracy. L»throp. Stockton ....... 11.CC*
7.30 a Sh»«t» Ripres*— 1 Via N.'.e*. Sacra-
mento and Darlt), will! »ras.
Willows, Fr'ito. lied Bluff, Port-
land. T»com«, Seattle 11 00*
7.30 a Atlantic Express— (Vis Port Costs,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacra-
- '.' : men. Ogdea and Shsi 50*
• OOA W.iejo. Naps, L»ilstogn. SanU
Ross. Martinez. San Ramon.... S.2o*
830 a (C^-ae Ti* Martinez letamlnirTl*
Nl.es), Tr»cv. Stockton. New-
man. ijt% F.flno#, Mendoto. Ar-
. most, Haoford. Vlsalta, Porter-
Ttlle «20»
B.3Ca Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Lathrop, Modesto, Mer-
ced. Fresno, Goshen Junction.
Hanford. Vlaall«. BskersAeld ... 4.509
• 30 A H»'e». Ban .lose. P>a#»nton. Lire*-
more. Stockton, (t Milton). Lodt.
Valley Spring. lone.B«cr»mento..
■ MnrysTllle. Chlco. Ued Bluff 4.23*
8 30a OnkiiHio. Chinese. Jamestown. Bo>
nor«. Tnolumne »n<l Angels ..... 4.205>
• 00a The Overland Limited — <>«<len.
Omabs, Chicago. Dearer. Kaasas)
City t-50<»
• .30a Richmond. Msrtlne: sad Way
Stations • 50»
; 10 00a Vail? Jo. datlr; Saps. Sunday * 50p
' 1 10.00 a Los Ansrele* PMienger — Port
Costa. Martinet. Byron. Tr»ey.
Lathrop, Merced. litymond.
. Fresno. Goshen .lane tlon. Haa-
ford. Lemoore, Vtsalla, Bakers-
field. Los Angeles 750»
10 00 A El Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis
and Chicago 7.60*
1?.0Om Hsyward, Mies and War Stations. 3-20»
tl-00PB*cran>entoRlTer Steamers. tll ()0">
250 Port Costa. Yal'.ejo. Nspa. Sntsnn.
Renicla, Elmira. Winters. Sacra-
mento. Woodland. Knights
Lauding. MarysTtllesnd OroTlll* 13 50*
5 COp Hay ward. Klles. Pleaaanton, Llrer-
more and Way Stations 7 28s>
3 30p Port Costs, M»rtl»ez, 2yron,Traey.
/ Lathrop. Modesto. Merced.
". Bercnda snd Fresw» 12.20*
4 COPM»r;lnez,S*nn»mon.VaileJo,Mapa,
Callstoga. Santa Bos:. - 9 20*
4 80s. Barward, Klles, LXTermore ] riltoA
6-COp TS« Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Bacos. Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.53*
sVOOp Golden State Limited — £1 Paso,
Kansas City. St. Louis and
Chicago t-OA
S-COp Beno Passenger— (Irvtogtoa,
3an Jose). Llrermore, Stockton,
Loll, Gait. Sacramento. Sparks,
Tonopab. Goldaeld and Keeler.. 3 20*
30p Bay ward. Xllei anil San Jose ..... 7 20*
1* 30p Vallejo. Port Costa. Martinez ..... 1 1-20*
6. OOp Hay ward. NUes and San Jose. 9. 50*
6. 00p Eastern press — Omaha. Chicago.
"Denrer, Kansas City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Secramenlo.
Colfax. Reno, Sparks. Montello,
. Oeden ...#.... 12.60**
t/.00 Richmond. Vallejo. San Pablo. Port
Costa. Martinez and War Stations 11.20*
7. 00p Oregon A California Express — ( Via
Martinez aad Stockton) Sac-
rsmeato, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 10-204
1 }8.06p Bayward, NTle» and San Joie (Saiv
day only) and Way Stations 1 11-60*
COAST LINE (Marrow Uxu^t).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15 a Newark. Cen:erv7!leT~San Joss,
Felton. Bcnlder Creek, &ant»
Cruz and Way Stations 5 55#
t2-15P Newark. Cenc«rvll!e. San Jose,
- - New Almaden. Los 6ato*,Fe!toa,
Boulder Creek. Santa eras and.
Principal Way Stations f 10-53*
4.16? Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos...] :I|'||^: 1|'||^
30p Ranters' Trs!a ( Saturday only) —
; San Jose and Way Stations .. :7 25»
I COAST LINE <Uro».» «a« «e>. .-.,-
XV (I'hlrd and Tu>rnsead Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and Way Stations , 8-30»
OCa San Joae tad Way Stations . 5.40*
• 00a New Almadea (Tim., Prld.. only). 4,109
• 00*Tne Coaster— San Joae. Salinas,
San Ardo. Paso Rnbles. Santa
JUargarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalnpe. Gsvlota. Santa Bar-
Bars. San BaenaTentara.Ozßar^.
Burbank. Los Ansr«!e» 19.30*
•.OO*Gi:r»y, Hoillster. CattroTille. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore. Surf, Lom-
poc 10.30*
9.00 a San Jose, Tret Plaos.WatsonTllle.
Capitols. Santa Cms. Paclflc
Grove. Saltnaa. San Lais Oblspo .
and Prlnclpn. Way Station*. ... 4.10»
- 10.30 a 6an Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 1.20»
11 -Ma San Jose and Way Stations 7.3Qp
2 16p San Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
3 OOP Del Monte Kzprent— Santa Clara, ;
-*. San Jose, Watson tie. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe.... 12.15*
'S-OOp Lot Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge ............... flQ.4s*
5 30p Valencia St., Booth S*n Francisco,
Bui-.:.'!fc»iue. ban Jose, Gliroy. ■
Hoi litter. Tret Pinos 10 45a
430 San Jose and Way Stations '800*
'5-OOp Ban.* Clara, Baa Jots. Los Ga;os,
and principal Way Stations t3-00*
i6-30p SanJoteandPrinclpalWayStatloat 19.40 a
6 4fP Baiiset Express. — Redwood, Saa
' ' Jose. Salinas, Paso lioblea.
San Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans 9 10*
8.45P Si Pato, Kansas City, St. Louts,
Chicago 10.30*
6.4spP*Jaro, WatsonTllle. Cap! tola,
Santa Cruz. CastroTllle. - Del
Monte. Pacific GroTe 10.30*
18-ISp »aii .Maceo.Beresfor<l.l3elmont,San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka
' alcnloPark, Palo Alto „ IS 44*
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. S 39*
8. 00p Psio Alto and Way Stations 10. IS*
11 .30p South San Francisco, Mlllbrac, Bur-
lingame. Sao Mateo, Belmont,
can Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, and paid Alto.. ■.. t9 4S*
oIISOp Msyfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
- vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara sad
1 • San Jose.. ; . ....... f.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.) '
r7.li A. m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- 1.00 p. m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 p. m,
A for Morning. V for A tier noon.
1 tanday exceptett - Sanday only.
oBaturd»jonlf. * Monday cm!*.
laiop* a; all statioas oa Saada&
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
Tlbuxon Ferry, Toot of Market Stxoot.
SAir rs aw Cisco TO SAX tATaXL.
WEEK — 7:30, 9 :0«>. ll:0O a. m. 12:38.
3:.J0. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursday* — trl»
at 11:30 D. m. . . ■
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3 39*
5:00 6:20, 11:30 p. in.
SAN *A7 AXXi TO BAJK TMAMOXMCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:O6. 7:33, 7:50, »:20. 11:U
a. m.: 12:50, 3:10, f :00, 5:20 p. m. -
Saturdays — trip at 2:05 and 38 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:40 11:18 a. m.; 1:10. 3:iO.
4:05, 5:03. «:2S p. m. ■
Leave I la Effect I Arrrv*
San Fran. | Oct. 1. 1904. I Baa Fran.
-Week I Sun- 1 Destlna- 1 Sun- I W««k :
Days. I days. | tlon. I days, I Pay*- ■• -.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~^~~ 9JOi S:4oa
9:30 a . Ignaetsv 10?40 a 10:20 • .
8:30 p 8:30 p «■<» 9 8:20*
1:10 p 8.00 p 7:38 p
-tdOtl ~ "~" 0:10 a! 8:*0»
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10» a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petalum» B:CS » tva> •
i:10p 3:30 p and 7 34 »
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
80 a ' 10:4Oa 10-.CO a
8:00 a ralton. 7:38 p 8:20 a
1:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor. - I
T.SOa 8:00 a Healdsburff. 10:40 a 10: 3* a
-Lytton,
8:30 8:30 p Geyserville. 7:38 p «:J0»
■ Cloverdale. _____
7:30 a! 8:00 a| Hopland 110:40 altO:» a
8:30 p! 3:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:38 p( «:«>»»
"" ~~j - I Wlllita and j -I '
7:30 a] 8:00 al Sherwood. ! 7:33 pf 8:20
7:30 at 8:00 al ■ 110:40 : &*
8:30 pi 3:30 p| Gnerne^rlllo. I 7:33 p| 6.30 a
7:30 al 8:00 Sonoma. I »:10 aj 8:40 a
:10 p| 00 pi Olen Ellen. | 6:03 pi 6:20 »
7:30 a 8:00 a! • 110:40 ajl0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi - - SebastopoL f 7:33 p| 8:20 p
. STAGES connect at Green . Brae •■ tor Saa
Quentin; -at Santa Rossi, (or White Sulphur
Springs and Mark .West Springs-, at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: »at ■ G«TservtH» for Skangs)
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booaev
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland • tor Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KelaeyvUle. Carls,
bad Springs. Soda • Bay. - Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake ■ County Hot Springs; at
UXlah - tor - Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter. Springs,
Upper -Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day-»'
Riverside. . Lierly's, Buckn-l'.'a, Sanhedrbi
Heights. Hullvlll*; Orr's Hot Sprlngs.'Halfway
House/ Comptche. Hopkin«. Mcndoclno City
Kort Bragg. West port and U>al ; at.Wllllta tor
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for - Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle, ' "ings,
BtU's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
t>yf. Garberville. Camp 6. Pepperxvood. v Scotia
and ■ Eureka. ' ■ :
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
/ On . Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt > rates. iommhQJ
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. >- -.■..
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN, ■
..-.- 'Gen. Manager. - Qen. r Pi« Art, ?
WeeHyGi $1.00 m fearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
and Exchange rates lower.
New York Stock market closes dull and heavy. Cotton firm.
Local Stocks and Bonds open the Ttvefe very qiuetly.
Wheat, Barley and other Grains about as before.
Brcm steady. Hay easy again. Lima Bemis no higher.
Potatoes as before quoted. Onions firmer.
Three cars of Western Poultry sold off zvell Game dull.
Oranges tn large supply and dull again. Apples unchanged.
Butter easy. Cheese firm. Eggs in good demand and steady.
Proz>isions and Live and Dressed Meats as before quoted.
llrtod FTniU In New York.
Mall advices from N*w York say:
•?Brokers report an Increased demand for
?pot prunes, but the gain Is In th* number
natter t&aa the site of orders, Jobbers show
lag do disposition to speculate In th« article
notwithstanding the extreme low range of
prcoss and the undoubted strength of the sta-
ÜBtUml situation. But while ctocks are email
they are not concentrated and holders seem to
be too anxious to get rid of what they have
to try to get any advantage in the way of
better prices out of the enlarged requirements
of ooosuaaptton. Tt» demand, which hereto
fore ran t&jUfUy to the -email sizes, now ex
%ao4s to 40a, 60s and 60s. Sales reported are
at 6%e£Ho for 40* and 2%^2\0 for 90s, the
laXtisr la 60-: l boxes, while the intermediate
sises a«ll «b a l%c i. ©. b. bag basis. The in
quiry 4a*» not seem to extend to forward ship
ments tram the coast, at least we hear of no
•*)*« of such. There continues to be a good
Cwnang for small lots of spot apricots, and as
th* lcrww grades are ecpeclallr scaroe and rel
s-Unir Lift buxsrs are more disposed to take
bold mi fancy stock sod we hear of sales of
400 boss* cra&nc fancy at ll%a A quiet
<Wn>n<l for peaobe* is steadily depleting the
?mall stock and keep* prices or. a firm basis.
Tfca tnUrsst In raisins Is oonflned to small lots
Of (nitir seeded stock and city seeders get
meat ef (M orders. Prloes on spot coast seed
ed goods as* nominal and nothing further has
beaa beard eC the proposed advance on the
?took oootroU.ee by the peckers. Currants are
BMttlns; with a limited demand, but the tone
of Cos market Is steady and pYlc-ea are un
casaced. Figs are very firm, particularly lay
«rs» th* dstaaad tor which Is good and ln-
WIWBI. Some holders are limiting quantities
ot ortfi and ax* inclined to sell to their reg
clcy osiiuLKei only."
Internal Revenue Collection*.
IB ITvbrsarr th* collections of Internal R«t.
«sn« Is tli* First District of California, which
MM nu fist Baa FrsJi Cisco, were as follows:
Oik— Amount.
LrtstS $2.090 25
Be«r 53.934 50
Orals «p*r» 80,433 98
rrnlt eplrlt* 55.802 «7
experts 13 40
Cl^rtrs an! cigarettes 19.63S 72
Soul! 26 75
Tobacco 1.220 40
Special taxes 2,646 25
Playing cards 30 20
Total $218,837 12 '
The eoilectlons last month were $5751 less
than In February. 1904, the total collections
for that month being $221. 58S- For the first
two months cf the year they were $437,920.
ipsinst $457,423 for the same period in 1904.
' ISTERX MARKETS.
Eoril Money Mnrket.
NEW YORK. March 6»-Money on call,
steady at l^ig'2% per cont; cioains; bid, 1%©2
per c*"nt: offered at 2 per cent.
Tim's loans, etfady; 60 and ©0 days. 308%
per cent; Els months, C 1^5?3% per cent.
Prirr.e mercantile paper, 5%@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, easy, with actual business
. in bankers' bills ot $4.8665^4.667 for demand
and at *4.5iT.i54.M55 for sixty day bills.
Posted rate?, $1 83% <QA 87%.
Commercial bills, $4 84%.
Der silver. 683t&
Mexican dollars, 46c.
<Jov«-rnment bond?, et*a<!y; railroad bonds,
heavy. ?
. rk siotqi Market.
NEW TORS. March 6. — Wall street main-
JalneJ to-day ilie more conservative attitude
toward speculation which •a at assumed last
w^ek as th*! result of Eliarp -reactions in prices
ar.d the mariifeft diypofiition of holders to un
load on the hi«h*r Sights which prices took
before the reaction. The handing down of a
decision by the Supreme Court on the In
junction against the distribution of Northern
Securities assets stirred the market, but even
that potent subject -as of moderate effect
«-ompar«yi the frenzied movements -which
have followed the suggestion and - expectation
of a decision in the past. There was come
revival of activity ac&in In the stocks imme
diately effected -a-hen the definite character of
the deeiflon became better understood. . The
bfarir.g of the deciEion of the respective Inter
ests of the parties to the contest has been
lß.rge!y modified by the progress of events in
the stock market. Ths Union Pacific conten
tion against the receipt of portions of both th«
Great Northern and Northern Pacific stocks in
place of the Northern Pacific holdings flrst
' contributed to the merrer was on the ground
that this plan would represent a large discrep
ancy la the valuation of assets a* compared
with lv original holdings. The great enhance
ment In market valuations which has since oc
curred has gone far to settle this contention.
The action of the market reflected the feeling
that the potentiality of the subject as a mar
ket Utotor was largely exhausted.
Foreign markets again took the view that
Russian reverses tended to bring peace near
er; and a strengthening effect on securities
w»a the result. Our own market started off
with a considerable show of strength, but the
?weigM of oHerings to be absorbed on the ad
vance became effectively manifest at onoe.
Sues points of strength a-« developed after
ward were flue to special causes. Railroad
trafflo officials reported their only embarrass
ment to be the finding of sufficient cars to
take oar* of offered traffic. Money on call
• fell to a, lower quotation notwithstanding the
* poor haak ttat«»m*rt of Saturday, and foreign
' exchange declined In response to relaxing for
eign niOMT markets. The languid temper nt
the ?peculation reasserted itself in the late
tr.arket and prices yielded easily, making a
fc«*vy cicalas. '- - r.
Ths bond market was duller and rather
heavy- Total sale*, per valve. M 300.000.
TTKlted States bonds were %II unchanged on
call.
New York Stock TJst. .
E. T. ? Hutton ft Co.. 490 California street.
Sab FYancteco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
' quotations of that Exchange:
sai«s' Stocks! lHlghiLow.lßld.lAsk.
....... , Adams Express. '245 250
JB.000;An»alg Copper 1 . j 78% 78 * 78% 78%
Am Can .Co : 11% 11%
...;... Do pfd 67% «8%
1.400 Am Car AKy Co 85% 55% 35% 35%
ZOO Do pfd 94% »4% »4% 94"%
1.600 Am Cotton OH.. 35% 35% 35% 36
Do pfd *. 95 »7
Ara I >i*t Te1...! I 82 38
200 Am Express .... 236% 236 233 238
000 Am Or Twine Co 8% 8% 8 8%
400 Am Hide AL. 10% 10% 10% 10%
2.200 Do Pfd 68% 53 63 53%
&00 American Ice ... 5% 5% 6% 5%
ROO. Do pfd 38% 3»% 3914 "ft*
2.3001A18 Unseed .... 19% 19% 18% 1»%
1.700' Do pfd 46% 44% 4.'. 40%
• 5.500: Am Locomotive. 43% ( 43% 43% 43%
800 Do pfd 112 lA21 A 2 111 112%
1 400JAIB Malt 8% 8 . 7%| 8%
CpO -Do pfd : 27%! 215% 27% 27%
9.3r»Am Em ARfCo 92%! !»1 4 81% l ttl^
arm Do Pf4 :n>>» 4 iis>.. 116%j118%
8,300 Am Sugar 148% 147 147 147%
....... Dp pf 4 139 ! 140
JAm Tel &T Co . 140 149
15,000; Am Tob •" ... W 97% 97% 98
"Am Woolen .... 27%| 26 27Vi 27%
200 Do ]ifd 100 99% 98% 100
- Anaconda ...... 110% .o©Vloß% 4
[Ann Arbor 1..'...! 35 411
1 :.0 ,fd ........] 68 - 75
14,200 AT ft 8 F..... 90*1 88%| JX>%' ftOli
900} Do pfd 102%, 102% 102%
l*,*«Oßslt * Ohio. 110% 105»/4 l>r.*u, ior.%
! Do pfd ; 86% 97
.......!Bay Btate Gas.-i M %
9,55008 R T :...- 67 66% 6«% 86%
Inrook tTn Gas.. 212 '219
ißrunsD I 1.. - 13% l 13%
...ißuttPrick Cf> : S8 «0
!C&naAa SWutbern! 70 70%
14 .vnadian Paciacil43% 141 142T4 143
7.2V)(C &'0 151 50% 00% 5r
5001 Cft A... 40% 40% 4ft;4l 4f%
.1 Do frfd .-• .:•.. W- I Rl%
IC A E 1 pf<i. . 130 1143
iCI ft L pfd ' ..... 70 I 71
. 1,900- &G W ... t23 22% 22% 23
j Do prd A .f C 5 67U
? I Do pfd 8... 1..-.- ..... 34 35%
j Do debs ... t.X. 86. 67
I.WO'C ft H W. !242%!240 241 M 142u
14.200' CM A St.P . 117«%117714!17814i17ft%
300 VDo Pfd ....... 15W% 18S lIKSUtIRTu
K,*On!C n.IAP(n«W) 35%' 34% 35%« !»vj
, 1.200! Do pfd 80%] 80- W» •1 M^
/ I Co 4s 1..'-..' P2. 82%
.: Chicago Term .. *:..[:...: 16Ui! 17%
WH>! Do pffl 31%! 31%' 30T4! 91
OOOiOicaffo Ub Trac 12 t 11U' 11UI 11%
} IV> pfd .-. ' . J..-..1 4*%j 49.
«X><C CCA St L... 09 { 08%? »6 J 88%
I Do Pfd I tii9 faoe
iClevs Lor ft W..1 ] j 80 1 83
700 Do pfd 101 • 100 100 101
700.C010 Fuel & Iron 52% 61%! 61H 319«
f Do pfd 1 100
Colum H C A 1..) I ICJ4 17
dorado 80 .... 26 '25% 25% 26
cool Do Ist pfd ... 60% 60V» covi! 81^4
60W Do 2d pfd .... 37V 36% 37 1 37%
? Consol Gas 213% 211% 212 212« i
600 Corn Products .... 20 lU%! 10% 20
1,200 Do pfd 70% 76% 76 1 76 H
400- Del & Hudson ... IPOVIW^ .l»0Vi;l»l -
DL & W 1 355 359
D & b g •. ; , 32% ;«% !
ftoo Do pfd SS% SS^b 83 ,SO ]
1001Dea M& Ft D.. 28& I 25i 4 24H 25^
7lt»iD«jtroit Un Ry .. 80 1 Ty%, 78% 80 14
400 Detroit Bo 0% 6% i>'M . «
, Do'pfd " SI 133
Diamond Match I |1384i138% !
100 Distil Secur 38 j3B | 37% 88 |
! Do bonds I i 79% *0 i
2.ooo,Duluth S S AA. 10% 1 16*4 l«Si 16',
2,600 Do pfd 33 S2 , 32% 33
42.100 Erie 4814 ! 47% 47% 48
4.800J Do Ist pfd ... 83 52«4 82% 82% i
8.900 Do2dpfd.... 71% 70% 70% 71
E& T H ( , IKS 70
Do pfd 85 90
Gen Chem 55 59%
; Do pfd 103 105
Gen Electric 187% 188
Great No pfd 285 300 !
Green Cons Cop , 28% 28% |
Havana Tob Co 36 i 36
i Do pfd 42 46
.: .Hocking Val »0 92
' Do pfd 02 82%
1.100 Illinois Central. 159 15SV4 155% 159
100 Inter Paper ' 22% 22^ 22 22%
1.000 Do rfd 78% 78% 78% 7» .
400 Inter Power ... 02% «2 92 03
Inter Pump ] 139 40
I Do ma '88 87
200 lowa Central .... 29 29 I 29 29%
... ' Do pfd ! i 56 j 66
Kan&wha & Mchj ;30 38%'
XC FtS & M pfd ; 82% S3
1.000 Kans City So. ... 31 >* 80% 30% 30%
3.700 ; Do pfd i 67% 03%; 66% 66%
Keokuk & D M 13 ! 16
Laclede Gas pfd ! ?05 105
[Lake E & West 1 | |38 39%
! Do pfd : : I 90% 102
100 Long Island .... 60 ! 60 j 68 I 62
1.400 L & N 143% 142% 142*i;i42H
2,000 Manhattan 171 170% 170% 170%
Manhat Beach 12% 13%
81.600 Met Securities .. 85% * 84% 84% 83
19.300 Met Street Ry... 124 •» 123% 123% 123%
23.50" Hex Central ..'.. 25 24% 24% 24%
200! Minn & St L 00 j 68 59 C 2
- I Do pfd ' ! 89 «3
2.»00,M St P * S S M 117% 115% 116% 117
700 Do pfd 160 16»% 159 160
«M Mo Kan ft Tex. 32 jB2 j32 33
SOOj Do pfd o*s 05% 166 66%
14.61* Mo Pacific 110% 109$ 109% 109%
Nash C & St L.. 147 : 147 " 146% 147%
2, BOO. National Lead... 35%; 34% 35 35%
300; Do pfd 104% 104% 104 105%
lOOiNRR of M pfd.. 1 42 42 42% 42%
National Biscuit 55% 58%
Do pfd j. 117 118
N J Central 190 200
N V Air Brake 150 154
14.600 N V Central 158 156% 156% 157%
MONT.C&StL.. 47 47 4«% 47
i Do Ist pfd i ! 115 120
200 Do M pfd ; 78% 78% 78 j7O
>; V Dock ' J 23 ; 25
200 VY N II & H. . 200 "206 206 207
1,500 N T Ont A W.. 55% : 54% 54% 55
4,400 Norfolk 4: West.! 84% 83% 83% 83%
; Do pfd ( 102 »4
800 North American. 103% 103 101 104
Northern Secur.. i ..... . 160 ieo%
Omaha 1 200 204
! Do pfjj ; 105 204
O 8 L 4s 07% 07%
600 Pacific Coast . . 03% 93 93 194
Do Ist pfd ; 103 108
! Do 2d Pfd 83 I 85
300 Pacific Mall .... 46% 46 40% 47
46.900!Penn R R C 0... 143% 142% 143% 14.'.%
6,^00 People's Gas ... 110% 110% 110% 110%
Pere Mariuette i 98 103
! Do pfd ! 64 65
200 P C C St L... 80% 80 80 80%
: Do pW ' 105 108
20-, Prised Steel C. 37%! 37% 38 | 38% |
; Do pfd 87%' 87 87% S«
2001 Pullman Car Co. 246 244 243 246
I.4oo'ny Steel Spr Co. 36% 30 36 " ! 36%
100) Do pfd ! 9«% 96%! 9« I »7
Reading .. 197 95% 05% 96
1.2001 Do Ist pfd..... 92 ! ©1% 91% 92
Do 24 pfd I 59%; 90
Republic 6 & 1.. 19% 19% 19% 19%
2.700 Do pfd 76% ! 76% 76% 77
1,000 Rubber Goods .. 26 25% 25%! 26
3,000 Do pfd 85 i 94 ; 93% 04 '
200 Sloes Sh S&I Co. 81% 83% 91% 92
1 Do pfd ;. 118 125
St JAii I [15 16%
i Do Ist pfd 50 57
1 Do 2d pfd 20% 2SV4
200 SL &S F Ist pf 81% 81 80% ! 81% I
3.500 Do 2d»pfd ... 73% 72% 72% 73
4WSt L & S W .... 2rt% 20 ! 25 I 25%
800 Do ptd ! 62 til 60% 61
39,400. South Pac 70% 1 «»% 70% 70%
80 Pac pfd ... 119 118% 118% 118%
11,300 Southern Ry .... 36 ! 35% 36 | 88%
40OJ Do Pfd 1 98% 93% 98% 0!)
- v [Standard Oil ... ' 615 623
Stand Rp A T..1 1% 1%
15.RO0Tenn C A 1....i90% 87 89% 80
200 Tex 9 L T Co.. 40%, 40% 40 41
22,500' Texas Pac 40 30% 39% . 80%
, Third Aye 131% 132
SCO Tot Ry ft Tr Co 28% 25% 25% 26%
1.900 Tol St LAW .37 '36 30% 37%
Do pfd I i R3% I 64
2,«ooTwln City R T. 110 103% 109«ill0
2,700 Union Bg & Pr 11% 11 , 10% 10%
700] Do v pfd i 7<» 75% 75% 76
206.400 Union Pacific . . 1M 132% 134% 131%
800 Do rfd 100 99% •• ICO
U P cotiv 4'« ! 136 136%
United Copper 6 8
400 Uted Rds of S F 38% :»% 38 38%
400 Do Pfd I 79% 79% 79% 80
1 Do 4's ..-...' J 83% 90%
1.000 D S. Cast I P . 32% 31 31 32
600 Do pfd ....... St 81% 81% 82
.. . U S Express ..-! 130 138
2,700 US Leather ... 12% 11% 11%! 11%
400 Do pfd'.. 104% 104% 104 104%
U 6 Rlty & Cons 94% i*4%
300 US Rn & Hfg Co 26 25 25% 26%
2,500 Do pfd 47U 47 46% 47
20CXU 8 Rubber .... 42% 41% 41% 42%
2500^ Do pfd 112% 112 111% 112% 1
47,400 U S Steel Cor .. 36% 30% 36% 36%
28.R00 Do pfd ....... 96% 95% »5% 96
14001 Va-Car Ch Co.. 37 i 30 ; M I 37
1 Do pfd 1"7 100 =
2,000 Wahash .. 23%; 22U 22% 22%
2000' DO Pfd ....... 47% 46% 40% 47%
,\Vaba*h deb B*s 70. 70%
Wells Fargo Ex.. 250 ,200
7 000 Western Union .94 93% 93% 94
, Westlnghouse .. ! 180 1190
' J>, pfd i ...190 139
200W&LE ...... 10% 10% 19 ; 19U
500 Do Ist pfd ... 45% 45% I 45% 45%
800 Do 2d pfd ... 27%; 27 !27 j 27%
Wisconsin Ctrl . 24% .24% 21% 24%
IC*O Do pfd 53-52 52% 53-
TOOMackay .: .... ' 42%' 41- 41 % 42 (
, Do pfd 75 i 74 74% 75
Jap first -. I 101% 102
/ 'Do second ... .; ; ? 9«<'1OO .
Lehlgh .. .. ..... ..... 67% 68 j
Leather Ct.:... \ 12% 11% 11% 1 11%
Do pfd ....... |104«|104 104f. 10494
1,146,850 total shares sold.-":. .-..
* New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s .104% I Japan 6». cert.... 102
Do coupon 104% L A N unified 45. 103
Do 3s reg 104 % Man ron gold 45.106%
Do c0up0n...... 104% Mcx Central ... .76
Do new 4s r<*.132% Do Ist 1nc.... 25%
Do c0up0n...... 182 »4 Minn A St L 4b.. 98 -
Do old 4m reg..104% M. X A Texas 4a. 101
Do coupon ..105% Do 2<Js ......... SS%
Amer Tob 45.... 75% NR of M*x con 45. 82%
Do 6s 116% NYC gen 3%5..100%
Atch gen 4* 104% N J C gen U5.... 135%
Do adj 4s 97 Nor Pacific 45.... 105%
Atlantic C L 48. 102%! Do 3» ....;.... 77
Bait A Ohio 45.. 104% Nor AW con 45.103
Do 3%s 83% O S L refdg»4s... 87%
Central of Ga 5».1U Pa cony 3%5.....105%
Do .Ist mc 91 'Reading gen .101%
Do M Inc..*:. 67% S L ft I M con 55.11!«%
Cbes'ft Ohio 4%5.106% 8 L & S F fg 4s. »l«
Chi A Alton 3H«, S2U Pt:L S W con 4». 82%
C n A Q new 45.1C0% Seaboard A L 4s. -01 .*
CHI* Pac 4s. ttVlfe Pacific 45..... 05%
Do col 55...... 94% So Railway C«....U9%
C.C.C ft SLgn 4s.lO2%tTex ft Pac 15t*. 122%
Chi Term 45..... 97 |Tol. St L *• W 4s. W5%
Colo Midland 4s. ? 75 i Union : Pacific 45.. 105%
Colo ft 504 5.... 92%! Do'conv 45.... .130%
Cuba 5». cert... . , 105% U 8 Steel 2d 5».. 05
Dm ft Rio- O 4s.ioi W&bsuh.lsts .;...IJB%
nist Securities 5s 79%' Do deb B ..... 70%
?Erie prior Hen Western' Md 45...'t>2«
' Do gen 4s ..... 02% W A L Erie 45... »2%
F W" A D lsts. llo !Wis Central 45... 94%
Hock Wai 7.111 I *
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con ..... 20!mtle Chief ..... 08
Atlce 75iOntarlo 8.75
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 7, 1905.
Breece ........... 25|Ophlr ..." ....6 75
Bruns Con ...... 07 Phoenix .......... 08
Com Tunnel .... jDB Potoel ............ 16
Con Ca! & . Va. . . 1 80 Savasre 26,
Horn Silver 1 70 Sierra Nevada. . . . 43 ,
Iron Silver ...... 200 Small Hopes ..... 26 '
Leadvllle C0n .... 03 Standard ...;;..... 1 70 ,
Boston Stocks and Bonds. .v '
Money— . |U S 5tee1...:..... SS - |
Call loans 3@3% Do pfd ........ 96%
Time 10an5.... 8%@4% Westing "Common. 90
Bonds . ?'.' ..' I Mining—
Atchison U ..*..102'4 Adventum' ..'...... «
Do attj 4s. $6% Allbuez .......... 22% '
Mcx Central 45... 76 Amal Copper .... 78 I
Railroads — : Amer Zinc 11
Atchison 90 j Atlantic ..V 16% '
Do pfd 102% Bingham 31
Boston & Albany. 2s7H Calumet ft - Hecla.676
Boston & Maine.. l 77 Centennial 18%
Boston Elev ....165 Copper Range ... 72 r.
Fltchburg pfd.... 194 Daly. West ........16 -
Meat Central 24% Dom Coal ....... 71
N Y. N H * H..206 [Franklin 10%
Union Pacific... 134% Granby 5H
Miscellaneous — lisle Royals ... 24% ;
Amer Arg« Chem. 20% Mass. Mining .... 12% '
Do pfd 91 /'Michigan 14%
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mohawk ......'... 65 !
Amer Sugar ....147% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd 139 Old Dominion ... 2«% j
Amer Tel A Tel. 148 Oiiceola .......... 93%
Amer Woolen ... Parrot ?......"....'. 28
Do pfd 100 Quincy ....' .10S«i
Dom Iron & 8... 1 (Shannon 7% !
Ed Elect 11ium.. 260 (Tamarack 128
Gen Electric ... .187- ITrinitr :....;ir
Mass . Electric. ... 16% US Mining . 24t4
Do rfd .. .. 62 US 0i1... 9%
Mass Gas 43 Utah ...:.... 40V,
United Fruit 112% Victoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach... R7 Wlnona 14
Do pM (Wolverine ..... .'..118
• London • Closing Stocks. '
I Cons m0ney... 90 15-16 IN V Central.... .161%
. Do acct ....01 H-ieTNor & Western... 86%
I Anaconda ... 5?6| Do. pfd 04
I Atchiuon 02mOnt*'& Western... 56%
i Do pfd 105% I Pennsylvania ..... 73
Bait & Ohio 112*i'Rand Mines .....10%
Can Pacific Reading - ;, *P^
dies & Ohio 52>4 Do Ist pfd .. 47
Chi Gr*>at West.. 23H . Do 2d pfd. '46
! Chi. Mil & St P.l.«t.!i;iSo Railway -...'. 37% ?
De Beers 18U Doipfd-.... lnn-^
Den & Rio G 34V4 So Paciflc 72
Do pfd fll Union Pacific ....137%
Erie.. 48% Doofd ........102% I
Do Ist Pfd 84% U Steel 37tA
Do 2d pfd 73^1 Do Dfd 08%
[Til Central 16S |W»bash ........... 24
I T»uln & fCash 147 V ;! Do ofd 47T4
I M. X * Texas... 32T4fSpanlsh 4,. ....... 01%
Bar silver— Quiet; 27 1-I6d per ounce. \
Money— 2-%«T,1 per cent. ? - I
The rate of discount in the open • market '
for short bills Is 2.7-16©2% per cent and for
three months' bills 2% per cent.
Bar silver closed firm. 27% d per ounce.
Condition of the Tre.asnry. \
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The statement of
the Treasury balances In the general fund
shows: Available cash balances, $143,079,
472; gold, 100.326. .
New York Cotton Market.
! NEW YORK, - March — Cotton futures
opened steady. March 7.37 c; April 7.420;
May, 7.47 c; June, 7.41 c; July, 7.42 c; August, I
7.45 c; September, 7.48 c. -. .
Cotton futures closed steady. April. 7.40 c;
March, 7.44 c; June. 7.41 c; July, 7.40 c; August.
7,42e; ember. 7.66 c. ? .
Spot closed steady. Middling Uplands, 7,55 c;
middling jculf. 8.10 c; sales, 1300 bales. I
Cotton futures closed quiet, final prices,
showing practically no change as compared
with Saturday. .
NEW ORLEANS. March Cotton, steady.
Middling, 7%c.
New York Grain and Produce. J
NEW YORK. March o— Receipts. .
27.300: exports. 3300. Dull and unchanged. ',
"WHEAT— Receipt*, 4900. Spot Irregular. I
No. 2 red. nominal elevator; No. 2 red, $121 '
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 25%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. $1 10 f. o.
b. afloat. Options irregular. May showed
comparative steadiness all day. while July:
was depressed by favorable crop and weather i
news. Final prices showed %c decline and j
%C otherwise. May closed « 02%, September
cLosed 03% c. •
HOPS— Steady.
• HlDES— Quiet. ? ?
PETROLEUM— Quiet. ;.-,•.>-
SUGAR— steady; fair refinmg, 4%e; !
centrifugal, 96 test, 6%c. Molasses sugar, 4*c. |
Refined, steady.- - j
COFFEE— The market " for > coffee futures'
ruled generally steady, closing quiet at un- !
changed prices to a decline of 5 points. Sales, ]
77.000 bans. Including: April, «.05»|6.10c;
May, 6.200 8.30 c; June. 6.30 c; July, O.OOc; Au-
Kust. C.Ofc; September, a.65©«.75c: October, 1
6.75e; Xovembt-r, 6,55 c December, 6.90 c; Jan- I
nary. 6.5WVj}7.05c. Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 In
voice, "%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10#13c.
DRIED FRUITS. . ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— market is i
quieter, but the desirable fruit Is firmly held. i
Common is quoted 4<js%c; prime, 6%®5%c; |
choice, Ost«*,4c, and. fancy at 7c. •
PRUNES— Continued In Jobbing demand,
with prices ranging from 203%e, according to
grade. . . : - ? :
APRICOTS— WouId probably sell more freely .
wera ofrcrlngs liberal at inside prices. Outvide '
trade is firm. Choice, 10%@llc; extra choice.
U%©ia%c; fancy 11 Q: 15c.
PEACHES— Also rule firm. Choice, 10@14c;>
extra choice, 30%©10% c; fancy. ll%®»l2c.J>#
RAISINS— Are without notable chsnfe.
Loose Muscatels, 444#<iHc; London layers,
$1 03»jl 23, and seeded raisins. 5 J ,556%c.
Xeiv.York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 6.— There was a big
advance in the London tin market, which wan
I reported excited by -covering of the- speculative
shorts and some buying for American account.
Spot closed'OSl32 IDs and future £181 16». Lo
cally the market was quiet, but higher, in sym
pathy with the foreign advance, and spot was
quoted at $28 7. ' ?
Copper was easier abroad, closing £07 15s
for spot and £68 2s «d for futures. Locally
the market is unchanged, with Lake held at
$15 37%©15 50, electrolytic at $15 25@-16 37%
and casting at $14 87%©15 25.
Lead ' unchanged, $4 45®4 tO, in the local
market, 'but higher abroad at £11 1S» »d.
Spelter unchanged at $6 15@« 25 In the local ?
market and £2.1 15» abroad. '
Iron closed. f>in in Glasgow and 60s In Mid- !
dlesboro. Locally the market Is firm. I
Visible . Supply of Grain. I
NEW YORK. March C— The visible supply
of grain March 4, as ; compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat
; 35,565,000 bushels, decrease < 963,000; corn
9,109.000 bushels, increase 645 000: cats 15,
637.000 bushels, decrease 848,000; rye 1,647 000
bushels, decrease 40.0)0; barley 4,317,000, de
crease 47,000. .•
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
'? CHICAGO, March ' 0. — Influenced by lower
wheat prices •at Liverpool. initial quotations
here ehowed losses', ; May being off U®U C to !
j V4«r%c.«at $1 15Vi@l 15%.; July was' down % I
j (g!%c at ?oßH©oß%o.v- The decline at Liverpool!
was mainly due to weekly irtKtlHtlcs, which
were decidedly favorable to the bears. ?» During
the first hour Belling was "led- by common
nouses, greatest pressure 1 being, upon the July
delivery. Prices weakened under the offerings.
Later ? the market -had a , temporary rally on 1
covering, by shorts.- One cause of thin buying
was a report from India that the crop of the 1
leading wheat growing ; provinces - had been "
damaged 45 ' per cent ', by - unfavorable weather. I
An influence. «hat tended to Increase specula. '
tive demand was a decrease of 963.000 bushels
In the visible supply, j a larger reduction I than
had been anticipated. The market weakened
again on fairly • liberal • selling !of July I by pit I
traders. Final quotations on May were \WS\ic
j down at $1 15%, July closing' at %c down at i
»^3C. ? -.- '<>? V .V-. ,".../. ?? : I
Despite an extremely ? liberal - movement the 9
corn market was comparatively " firm. May i
t-pened a shade to'^e lower at 48^*c to 4SHc. :
and closed at 48'>ie'lSHc. •: - , ??--.- I.
. Oats developed fair strength, - May closing |
up.%8.: ?.-.: - . -\ ? ? - -'•.'.•? .-i..-. V- ?>. - ?•'.: .:..'
Provisions were easy at the outset, but later '
firmed up. May pork closed 12V4c higher? lard '
was up ?Hc and ribs were 7H^loc. higher. * • 1
Th* leading futures : ranged as follows: . 1
Articles— . Open. High. Low. . Close.:
Wheat No. 2— % . !
May ........... 116% 1 16 1 15U 116% '
Ju1y..;...'; ?.:-?? 9ST4 • 08K;. J8» 98%
September; . 81% •'?? 91^ «0% / 8114 1
Corn No. — i ?.- .•:.". v ' ??--?? !
j March ......... -...-. .... 48
I May .......;.•..' 484 48% 4814 48%' !
Ju1y,.,........" -4854 V 40% -?,; 48H 48T4
September .....; 4&% . 49% 45% 49^4 '
Oats No. — • : »
March ......... ...". ..;;: 31%
May ............ 81% *2% -91% 32« -i
Ju1y............. 31% 32% ,31%- 32 * }
September;. '....; . 30 ...v, 30% ,^.30 ?. V 30^ |
Mess pork, per bbl. — • '. - - -•-:-- .
I May '.'....-...'...12 62%' 12 80 - .12 62% 12 80
July ...........12 80 : 12 92% 12 77% 12 82%
Lard, par 100 lbs.— : - : - : '• -':??. .
I Kay ........... 700 •; 710 ""- -700ir 710
i July ........ ...;1 15>i-7 23% 716 7 22,4 !
Short ribs. »er 100 lbs.— ' , ' /. .'- ,
May ........... 0 82% C 02% 6 82% 6 98%
July ?v.. ..;. 07%.:7 06 :. 6 97% 708 ?-?
Cash Grain and Provisions. 1
- CHICAGO, March " — Cash quotations were I
si follows: :-'" ..- ?"?•>?-?" ~^*:._ ---\-,\i-i;*i:;- ?? .'. ???: :?..-.
Flour ; steady. ; No. 2 spring • wheat. %l . 10®
1 15; No. 3,,51 06©l 16; No. 2 rsd. $1 ISVi®
1 17: No. 2 corn, 4«% c; No. 2 yellow, 4ti%c;
I ,No. 2 o*ts. 31 %c; No. 2 white.' S2%^33%*;;3o.'::
8 1 white.: 32i533c: • No. ' 2 ; rye. 78% c ;; s^od feed- '
ing barky. 39641 c; fair to choloe malting, 44® I
47c; No. 1 fUxs*«d. $1 27%; No. 1-N\jrth.>'
western. Lsl 30; mess pork, per " bbL. ?- $12 703 v
12 TO; lard, per 100 lbs.. $6 ofl@e 97%; short 5
ribs sides (loose), $6 75®6 S7Vi; short clear
sides (boxed), $6 TB®6 87 hi; whisky, basis o(
high wines, $1 20; clover, contract grada.
$12 75. j
Art:cleB — Receipts. Shipments. :
Flour, barrels 17,100 6.900 ,
Wheat bushels 2-1,000 42,400
Com, bushels 521.300 C 7.800 ;
Oau bushels 291,500 41. .".00 1
Rye, bushels 10,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 102,300 1.000
Batter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 6— On the Produce Ex- j
change to-day, the butter market steady. I .
Creameries. 2S@3oc; dairies. 22©«0c.
EGGS — Weak at mark, cases Included at 10
CHEESE— Firm at 12<S>12*ic.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET, j
' . ' Chicago. I !
CHICAGO, March 6. — CATTLE — Receipts. j:
7000; strong. Western, $5 60@C 30; good 'to ' !
prime steers, $4#5; /poor f to medium,. $2 48® j
4 48- Btockers and feeders, $siS's'2o; cows, $2 40 1
I ©4 75; heifers, $1 25@2 75; canners, $2 2504;
buiis, $s<s7. .-' ~. «„«. ' -*cr
Receipts to-day. 37,000; to-morrow, j
e«lmated. 32.000; 6c higher. Mixed and butch- >
ers. $4 MOW 16; good to choice heavy. $4 90®
5 20- rough heavy. $4 80«i5 06; I light, $4 80-S> '
6 05: bulk of sales, $4 9005 10. - • •
5 SHEEP— Receipts, 28,000. . Sheep and lambs
steady.- Good to choice wethers, $5 28@6;. fair,
to choice mixed, 1 »5 50®5 75; Western . sheep,
$5 50@6- ' native lambs, $707 30; Western
lambs, $7 50@7 80. ; ' ; r " ""* -
Omaha. ' . -
" OMAHA. Nebr., .. March ; CATTLE—
1 ceipts. 0300; market strong. .- Cows and heifers, j
'? $3<g>4 25; earners, $24( 3 ; stockers and feeders. ;
i $2 5004 40; calves, 9306; bulls and stags. $2 j
?«J4. ?• ' ? '..'.:? ?'? '?" '?' ''". • "'• '- '•'-? "
HOGS— Receipts/ 4500; market ' 5c lower. |
Heavy $4 85® 5; mixed, ss4 82%@4 85; ; light, ;
$4 7<X{?4 85; pigs, $3 75@4 50; bulk of sales, ;
$4 S2VitH'BTVi. . ' '
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,600; market 10c lower.
Western yearlings, $5 75©G 60; wethers, $s@.
6 75: ewes. $4 76® 5 60; lambs. $6 50©7 40.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, March O.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts 7000; steady. Native steers, $4@5 80; ?
native cows and heifers, $2<&H CO; stockers and:
feeders $.'lO4 50: bulls, $2 50®4; Western fed,
steers, >S7s€. > 25; Western fed cows $2®4 25. j
HOGS— Receipts. 7000; market 6c n higher. |
Bulk of sales. $4 Sr»(g-5; . heavy, $4 9365 05;
plga and lishts, $4 15(f14 05. 7i ??? :f ? -. \.v-
SHEEP— Receipts. 0000; steady to 5c lower.
Muttons, «4 75^r5 75; lambs, $6 50@7 60; range
wethers, $50-6 65; fed ewes. $4 75©5 60.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign : Futures. * ;
LIVERPOOL. !
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening Nominal 6 10% .6 10%
Closing .610 .6 10%
PARIS. ? . i
Holiday. ?'". ' _j ?:?...- •.-;,? ?? .?•..?.?•:'
I - Northern Wheat Market.
j WASHINGTON. . *
' TACOMA, March — Unchanged.
! Bluestem, 04c; club, SC%c. '." . V;
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 85c; blueatem. l)2c: valley, 87c. ,
Northern Business. |
SEATTLE. March 6.— Clearings, $749,789; •
; balances, $147,204. 6.— Clearings. , $628,101 ; ;
TACOMA, March 6. — Clearings, $628,101;
PORTLAND, March 6. — Clearings, $206,475;
balances, BjßtT,o6|L , ..,,„., •
' SPOKANE, March Clearings, $414,814;
1 balances. $51,700. ? "';? • '- , j
MARKETS.
j Exchange, and Bullion. j
1 Silver. Domestic and Sterling Exchange are '
all lower. •
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. 84««H 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... 4 56%#4 8 7
, Sterling Exchange, cables....;. 4 wj'/4w4 87%
•New York- Exchange, sight 10 0 — » .
I New York Exchange, telegraphic • 12' ? <9 — j
Silver, per ounc« _b&%@ —
Mexican Dollar* ................ Nominal 50 (
I INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.18 T £
New York on Mexico 2"2
Paris on London ........................252i)% .
Berlin on London . . . .? -"••* ..
, Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— was no especial change in
1 the foreign markets. The world's shipments ;
! for the week were as follows. in quarters:
I Russian 320. 000; lJanublan, 80,000; Argentine,
i 640.000;' Indian, • 71.000; Australian,. 255,000.
Chicago was unchanged. In this market the
cash grain continued firmly held, while futures
: were fractionally lower. .?;•.-.- , . .
I CASH WHEAT. • ->-.-^.;. ? I
i California I Club..' $16O©1 65; » California '
Whits Australian. $1 r 62 ] ,*<3l 65: Northern
Club $1 52^'.©1 65; Northern Bluestem,
$1 66V4®1 *i 7%; Northern Red, $1 60 per ctl. ;
FUTURES. , :
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ? / ;
Open. High. Low. Clo»e.
May ........SI4S $1 48 $1 47V4 $1 47«4
December ... 128% 1241% 1 28% 1 28% ?
? . . . 2 p. m. Session..
! ' Open. ' High. . Low. Close. I
? May— sl 47% bid", 41 47% asked. '• '
December . . .$1 25% $1 ' 28% $1 28% $1 28% |
BARLEY — Saturday's • quotations ' ruled for j
the cash grain, while future* showed no . par- 'j
' tlcular change. . • : . • . i
i CASH . BARLEY. V.' " j
Feejlr'll 20@l t'3% ; Brewing - and Shipping, '
$1^*8; Chevalier. $1 22%®1 •!() per ctl. i r T
S . _ FUTURES. '„ ? I
Session 9to 11; JO a. m. i
Open. High. Low. Close.' -
May ........ $1 22% $1 23 $1 22% $122%
; December— Bßc bid, B»%c asked. 1
? • " 2 V- m. . Session. ?
May— sl 22% asked. \ - |
— Local handlers continue to report a ,
firmly held market at unchanged prices. !,
White. -51 4."><bJ >'"? ' Surprise *1 .',s®l 60;
Red for feed. *1 47'.i>3 : l 02% for. No. 1 and
$1 4061 45 for No. «'; choice, for »e*d. $1 80 1
©1 55- Black, $ias@l 46 for feed and $1 507?;
1 65 for seed;- Eastern White. $1 42^®1 60
! Der ctl, . ?? .' ' : -? . '?..?-.
— Conditions remain unchanged. Th«
market is quiet and steady, with light stocks.
Western sacked, $1 35<&1 37% fur Yellow '
and White and $1 35 for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 35©1 37%; small round do,
nominal- White, nominal; • Egyptian. $1 35 JJ
1 40 for White and $1 25i»l 30 for Brown.
? RYE— sl G&<£jl 60 per ctl. " . , .;
j BUCKWHEAT— <I 75@1 85 per ctl. !
Flour and ("arhiaceous Goods. . .
— California Family Extras, $4 SO®
'5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, -. $4 70@&;..
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4<&4 50
per bbl. V"-" «;:-".'??'-.-" '??'?( ??'.?..'?..'., '..-;.?-. ± .-" :
FAIIINACKOUS GOODS— Prices In packages ?
are a* follows: Graham Flour, $3 28 per 100 7
lbs; Rye Flour $3 75 (In "barrels $4 76); Uye
Meal. $3 50 (In barrels $4 60); Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal. $3 50; : extra cream 40. M 75;
Oat Meal $4 i>:>4ti 50; Oat s Groats., $4 50;
' Hominy $.°. 78«J!4: Buckwheat Flour, $4 50©
, 4 75- Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Farina, $4 BO;, 1 .
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; • Rolled Oats, . bbls, I
I $« 00®""6O; in sacks, $6©T; Pearl ' Barley,' s6f 1
Split Peas, boxes. $5 60; Green Peas. $5 60 per t
100 lbs. ".;>?»-::;•-:•;?-..*:. "".;.. "•''".-? 1
Hay and ? FDedstnffs. -I
! Millers are reporting rather more steadiness
to Bran, with, quotations unchanged..: The Hay -
market.. which showed steadier indications last
"week, was easier - again . yesterday, receipts •
being larger. r •. •: - t . • . ?
Bit AN — *21 50©22 60 per ton. . v-V.
i :• MIDDLINGS— S26®29 50 per ton. '
I ? SHORTS— S2I 601322 00 per ton. •
1 FEEDSTUFFS i— - Rolled Barley, $«Big 2«
p*r ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $32 608
83 50: Jobbing $34; Cocoanut Cake at mill,
; $23®23 60; Jobbing. $24; Cocoanut . Meal ,at
mill : $23023 50; jobbing. ' $24; Corn Meal.
$20 '60®30 .'.O; Cracked Corn. $30 00031 ;' Mixed
Feed, $24©20; Horse Beans, $30^40 per ton;
1 Broom Corn : Feed, 90c 'per ctl; CaJtalfa Meal,
carload lots $21; jobbing, $22 60 per ton. .
i HAY — Wheat, $104*14; Wheat ana Oat, .
I $10@13; Oat $9<gl2; Barley and Oat, $80 -
10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable $S&1>; .
I stock. - $897 60: . Clover. .? $7©10; Alfalfa. $&©l3 .
i per ton, •-- < '?.-'--.. ?.'.? .'•:.".' ' •-.- . • •-'
STRAW— SBgeOc per bale.
» .'.'Beans and Seeds.
As far as can be learned, 'S there have been no
eales of Llmas ; In r this - market i over -$8 26,
' though ' some' houses ; have 'been asking more.
! In r fact, there were sales yesterday at $5 20® ~
i's 22%. ?•The usual -margin of 20c . advance rat ?"
this market over southern points has not been •
In force of ' late for some reason or other and I
the goods bring about as much down there as .:
! they 'do- hare. ;..,."'?-">''?'? ?.;?..,..?.?;-_-... --:-;'
BEANS— Bayos. $2 000315; Pea; $3 250
!8 50- Butter. $3©* 28: small White, $.1«3 50;
large White] $2 75®2 95: Pink. $3 40« i.« 75;
Red $5 5O<8» 75: Lima, $6 16©5 i«; Red Kld
noys «4 WX»4 75; Black Kyes, $2.70^2 86 per*
; ctl; Horse Beans, $1 S3®2 40. :..;>" -.' ? .
r — Brown J . Mustard;. ~ nominal; . Yellow
i Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 16<02 25; 1 Canary,
ti'ic; Alfalfa. .8010 c, for : California and 129
: 12% c: for i Utah; .Rapt.il%®2%c; Timothy,
5%c; ; Hemp '. 3%03r»c >- per - lb; , Millet. .2%i»
Broom Corn Seed;; $20021 per ton. -••<:?
-. DRIED PEAS— ' $1 75©2 60; ' Green. j;
I Peas $1 '.7602 60 per etl. :;.j ?--• : y: .:' '•?? •'?•?•_..•!;?
-
iy. Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables. ; ,
. Receipts of Potatoes were moderate and i the \
market continued "= firm •?-. for the best offerings
' of s table • Burbanks. while 6 the > cheaper s sorts. .
1 particularly those a from the ?>. river -r. districts, .
I were still very dull. Seed potatoes were pretty
: well " cleaned : up , and •• all •-??. ktndsruled . firm * at •
,; previous 'prices..-".- Ontons were firm, with very ?•
? little stock " offering from ' first i hands. •.-> A}. car- 1
. load - was hourly . expected yesterday ? imd ' bcv- ;
s eral : sales ;to arrive .: were . reported : . at higher .*
prices.
. Asoaragus ? was lower • under 1 Increased*, re
*celptt '? over : 1200 boxes ' being ; receive*. Trade ??
Z was i stimuli 1200 boxes lower.; prices. however,-^
as stimulated by ths lower prices, however,
:": and ' the ' market . was pretty well cleaned up at
the close. Rhubarb" was plentiful and moved
off freely at good prices. Receipts of, other
vegetables were light and choice offerings of -
all kinds •• wore firm:;; < Most* of : the Tomatoes
received from Southern California were of poor :
quality. " • ;.'. ' ' .' ' .{
POTATOES — from > the river, 75c<9 !
$1 per ctl; AVatsonville Burbariks, Sl@l 20 per
etl ; . Oregon I Burbanks, 5101 35 per ctl ; River
Reds, ? 63@75c per ctl: Early Rose, $1 50@l 60 ,
per ' ctl: i Garnet~"C»iles. $1 75 per ctl; small
seed Burbanks. $1 per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes. .-;•. -;•- -.:- :.--.•"....•?
ONIONS—At first hands, $3 35©3 40 per ctl.
. VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 6®loc per lb:
Rhubarb. $1 60@l .75 per box: Green Peas, 6®
10c per lb; String Beans. 12%@15c per lb; Wax
Beans ;; Tomatoes 76c®|l 50 per box or j
crate for domestic and $1 25@1,75 per box for
Mexican; Summer : Squash,- per box; '
Hothouse Cucumber*. $1 254*1 76 per dozen; J
Cabbage 50c per ctl: Carrots. 30@40c per sack: !
Garlic, 10@llc per lb; Egg Plant. 16®17%c per f,
lb; Dried Peppers 10@12%c for sun-dried and
13©14 c per for evaporated; Green Peppers,,
8@12%c per lb; Mushrooms. ? 20@25c * per lb; |
Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $30 per ton. i
"- '% 0i? Poultry and Game. • •
Three cars of Western Poultry, mostly Hens,
were on sale and moved off well at good prices. i
Receipts from State points were only six coops
and there : was continued firmness in all kinds ;
of young chickens, while Hena had a weaker
tendency owing to the heavy receipts from the
West. There were no regular prices for Gam* !
and a portion of the receipts had to be thrown
away. - The quotations were generally ob
tained for sound ? offerings when sales wer«
made. * ' ? ' •? ? ' ? ?'- ' v ? -' • :
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 18020 c per lb;
Geese per pair. $2@2 25V Goslings. ;
Ducks $5636 per dozen for old and $6 BOOT 50
for young;" Hens, 85?/ 5 50 for small and $6® :
6 50 for large; young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old
Roosters, $5 50@6; Fryers. $5 50®6; • Broilers, :
S4(j?&: Pigeons $1 25; . Squabs. $2 25©2 50. .
GAME— Gray . Geese. - $2@2 50 per dosen; ;
White Geese, 50ci3fl : Brant. 75c@$l 50; Honk
ers, S3tf4;iSnlpe.s3 for English and $1 60 for
common; Hare. $l<i?l 60; Rabbits. $1 Co@l 76 ,
for Cottontails and $I#l 25 for Brush.
T- ;; Butter. Cheese and Eggs. ;
The Butter market was easier yesterday. !
but quotations showed no change. The recent ??
advance hae served to check northern orders to
some, extent and the trade fear that they will
be discontinued altogether. This factor in itself
Is ' sufficient to : give the market an easier as
pect, At the same time, though receipts were
free, the floors did not show any surplus stock. ,
Cheese 1 remained firm at previous prices. .
The Egg 'market showed rather more tone. i
Th» demand for store and ordinary ranch con- :
tinued large and, as most houses wer£ storing .
their surplus, the feeling was better. t Some
sales of choice ranch at 17c were reported, but ;
the figure was not sufficiently general for a
quotation/. -' . - •
Receipts were '55.000 lbs Butter. 998 cases \
Eggs and 12.200 lbs' Cheese. a- -- I
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 28«2:>c
for extras and 20@27%c for lower and medium .
grades; dairy. 22 t riQ'26c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. '15<320c per lb. ? ;' • I
.' CHEESE — 12i31.">0 for fair to choice ? mild
new and '11 %<fU2c for old; ; Toting Americas,
ia«il3Vi,c; Eastern ISWloc per lb.
?EGGS— Ranch. 15«31C%c for fair to choice;
store Eggs, 15<& 15',-jc; cold storage, nominal;
Eastern, nominal. "*
—————
Deciduous md Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Oranges '. were heavy over Sun
day, aggregating It! cars. an# the bulk of the
arrivals • were of | poor quality, being more or
less decayed a 3 a result of the recent rains In
the growing districts. Twelve carloads of this
poor stock came in to the auction company and
were sold at low. prices, fancy selling at *!''}
1 50 choice at 75c®$l 8S and standards at 50U
80c. ' Th« abundance of poor fruit lessened the
demand for sound stock and trade in the open
market was very quiet, but holders of strictly
fancy were still asking high prices. The other
Citrus fruits stood as previously quoted, with
a fair amount of business reported In all de
scriptions. -Apples and Tropical fruits were,
unchanged. ; , f j
APPLES— SI<F2 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navels. $1 oO?2
per box for fancy. $1«?1 40 for choice
and 75c«$l for standard : Tangerines,
$I@l 25- Lemons, $2-52 50 for fancy. *1 ;!s<&l 7j
for choice and 75c«$l for standards; Grape
Fruit *125@2 50; Mexican -Limes. $* 50 per |
case;' Banana* $1 60-Ii- 00 per bunch for Cen- |
tral ' American' and 7.V*2sl 50 for Hawaiian; i
Pineapples. $3@5 per dozen. ' r j
Dried Fruit- v r.ts, Raisins. Honey.
— Apricots. S'-i^llf for Royals and
liy.4Jl2V>c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 7 %©,
6V4c- for" White and 7%c for -R«d; Peaches.
bii\)\ic > per lb: ? Pears. 7@l2c; Plums, pitted,'
44<5c for black. s>i«7c for > red and 4<>>@6c ;
for yellow: Figs . 2-crown bricks. 40c: 3-crown. ;
5(!c; .4-crown tiOc; rt-crown. (!sc: bulk white. '
2^i@Sc; black. 2%®3%c; Evaporated Apples.
4i&7c per lb. • .' • '
PRUNES— I%(ei V 'C per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c bast* for the large size*. j
RAISINS — 10C4 crop • f .- o. b, Fresno— lmpe- j
rial clusters $2 2502 SW; Dehesa.'sl u'CVfi 1 111; \
London Layers, Soc(gsl: Loose Muscat«?ia, 4
crown 4 : >i'asc: "-crown 4 •1c; 2-crown. :t@
314 c Seeded 4 7 4@*'>c; Thompson's •" Seedless,
4*4®4Vsc: Seedless Sultanas. -3® sc p«r lb. ""
NUTS— Wa:.iut.«. No. 1 softshell. 12«i13c;
No 2 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell.; 12c: No. 2.
10c- Almonds, lfai'c for Nonpariel*. -14®l-l%c
for IX L.I3MHV.C 'or Ne Plus Ultra 1
and lie ' for Unm«d«<; Peanuts.' CS£7c for ?
Eastern: Ptcan? ? lliJi:Jc : Cocoanuta. $4.5003;
Chestnuts TS»c per lb for Italian. ,
HONEY— Comb. 1f)«312c for white and o@lOc
for amber; waur white extracted, 6%«?ti%c;
light ' amber extracted. s@s>4c: dark, 3'B4 1
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Provisions!
There is nothing new to report. Trade Is
dull. ? ?
CURED MEATS— 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% - for liKht medium. 12% c for light.
We for extra light and 14%©15« for sugar- ;
cured; dry Salt Hides. 9':.«?l<><*: Bellies, lie; !
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12% c: California
Hums, liy^c: Mess Beef $10<glO 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 60011; 'Family. $12® 12 60;
prime Mess Pork $14 50: extra clear. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs'. Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb. . 1
LARD — Tierces 1 quoted nt s?ic per lb for
California compound 7c for Eastern compound !
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. OV4c: 10-lo i
tins. ? 0%;e: .--lb tins !)%c- :s-lb tins. 10c. .•
-COTTOLENE— One half barrel.' 7%c; three
half barrels 7*iC: one tierce. ~%c: two tierces. .
"Uc; five tierces. "c per lb. •
• Hides, Tallow, Wool , and Hops.
> HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell I
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted I
Steers. ll@ll%c; medium. ,10% c; light, 9%c; ',
Cow Hides, 10c for heavy and 9%c for llßht; 1
Stags. 7%c; Salted Kip. , 10%"©llc;- Salted I
Veal ll®ll%c; Salted Calf. 12©12% c: dry '
Hides. 13c; dry . Kip, 13c; dry Calf. 20# !
22c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2."^40c each;
short Wool So<r7sc each ; medium.' 75ct> !
$1 10; Long Wool, .$116^176; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $2 50 for me- i
dium, $1 50®2 for small and 50c' for Colts; 1
Horn*. Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 250
1 60 for medium. $1 for ; small. 50c for Colts. !
Buck Skins — Dry. Mexican. 30c; dry salted j
Mexican. 25c: 'dry Central American. 30c; 1
Goat f«kfns — Prim* Angoras, 76c; extra large ,
do. $1 25: large.. 50c; .medium, 35c; small, -20c
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4«4Hc per ib;
No. 2. n@3%'c;' Grease. 2©2 I 4c. -
WOOL— Nominal: none here. ?
HOPS— I9O4 crop -24®27e per lb; 1905 crop,
17©18 c. -'\ -7-: V.-; -??'- -r *; . :?.-??
. Meat Market. .
The week opened with .no change in prices.
' - , \ DRESSED I MEATS. ,;
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ' - . .
•'.BEEF— s^®6^4c for Steers and 408e per lb
for Cowb. •.:.- .
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small, 50 7 c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Be; Ewes. C<s7c per j
pound. •' " :.•?- ??-.??•-- ??• ; .- «
LAMB— l2%©l4c for. Spring.: ;, \ . :--
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6% ©9c per lb.
, LIVESTOCK i MARKET. ?
-The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered -in Ban Francisco' less 400
45 per . cent , shrinkage < for Cattle : •? .-' - ? ' 1
. CATTLE— Steers.. 7 %©7% c: Cows and Heif- 1
ers. 8%@6%c; thin, Cows. 4@50 per lb.
CALVES — per lb (.gross weight) ,
SHEEP— Wethers. a%®3%c: Ewes? 3«3U0
per lb (gross weight). , ... -. .' • .~.
LAMBS— BOUjaje.per head. , • . :
HOGS— Hogs 200 to 250 lbs 6*4®5%c
130 to 200 lbs. ? 5%,e5%c: 80 to .130 lbs. fill©
6%c; Feeders. l sc; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars !
BO per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations. . , ?- .-... . . .„
?,. General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5% ©6 c spot and 6@0%0
for June and July: Wool Bags 30@32c- Fleece
Twine.' 7%c.-- :-'-:? - ••?--. ? ?-.-.. ?- .. -? - - ,•
- COAL— Wellington. : $3 per ton- N«w Vel
llngton. $8: Seattle. $8 50: : Bryant, $0 50;
Reaver Hill. $3 60: Roalyn. $7; Coo* Bay 13 50
Richmond, $8; : . Cumberland. $13 in bulk and "
,114 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Erir
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump
$11 60: Cannel. $9.p*T *on; Coke, $11 so@i3 per
ton lit bulk and $15 in Backs; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. '$S 50 per short ton " •
. j OlLS— Quotations ._! are i s for barrels ; for
cast* add sc: '; Linseed, ; 60c ; per . gallon for
boiled .: and : 680 for raw; s Castor •?. Oil } In
cases. No. 1, : • 70c; <y Bakers 1 ?A A ? cases?
$1 14@1 16: Lncol, 51c for boiled and 40c for
raw; China Nut, cases, 66®80c per gallon Co
coanut Oil In barrels, 38c for C«ylon an-1 55?
for I Australian; j extra -. bleached . winter Sperm
. OH. 880; natural winter Sperm Oil. B3c ; > extra
bleached winter Whale Oil; 57c; natural Whale
'?0i1.',' 62c; extra winter, strained Lard Oil, 7.Tc;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c: puro Neatsfoot Oil 73c
; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c ; light Herring Oil.
42c; s dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c;
boiled Fish Oil.'. 37c: raw Pish ': OH ' 35c : boiled
Paint Oil. 38c: raw Paint OH 31e.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE, ETC.— Waief White
Coal OH. rln i bulk. 12% c; • Pearl Oil. tln cases,
19c- Astral. : 19c; Star, - 19c; > Extra 1 Star, • 22c;
Elaine. ~\ 2B%c; i Eocene = 21c; Stove : Gasoline ;in
bulk 16c; In cases,* 22% c; Motor Gasoline' In
bulk '? 16c; 'In cases. 22%e; . No. 1 Engine ,Dis
tillate : - Iron bbls or drums. Sc: ; No." 2 • do, 6%c;
cases, * «%o I more: ? B«n*ln*. *- in '•'- bulk. 13c; in
cases. 10% c; • 86-degree : Gasoline. In bulk 28c;
-In cases. "-•=*?<'*? - .•:?" ??:•'-'. ".:?"••••'• ??" •? ?? • . *? ...
' TURPENTINE— 7Bc per gallon In casts and
• 7"c 'In drurrfs and 'iron: barrels. ;'::: - ?
KUD AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. ,7%a
So per.' Ib: ; White Lead. 7 %©Be, ? according t»
quantity. -v;..-*- -? ?". .?-' . : .-. ?- ----?
:?,. \ SUGAR — Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* as follows per Id, In 100
:lb bags: .Cubes. .A- Cr»h«d and Fine
Crushed 6.15e : Powdered. 0c; Candy Granu
lated 60: Dry : Granulated. *ne. 3»0c; Dry
: Granulated coarse/ 5. 80 c r Fruit Granulated.
5.00 c; Beet Granulated . (100-lD bags' only).
! 5 70c; Confectioner*' .A. - 5.90 c; Magnolia .A.
Vsoc: Extra C. 8.40e: Golden C, 0.30 c; "D.'
5.20 c; barrels 10c ;. more: half barrels. %Me
more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags. 10c more
for all - kinds. Tablets— Half v barrel*, ? 6.40 c;
boxes. 6.65 c: H. ft E. ; Crystal Domlnoe. 3.900
per ' Jb. - No ? order taken - for »' less than sev
enty-flve barrets or Us equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. MARCH 9.
Flour qr sks. . .13. 30«: Leather roUa ... 730
Wheat, ctls l,B2C!Lime. bbls 455
Barley, ctls s.4l2|Raisins. bxs SOO
Corn (West), ctls 458, Hay. tons 7W
Rye. ctls 255iStraw, Hons
Sugar ctls 880 I . Wool, balea 10
Shorts sks 28' Wine, gals 5,«60
Screenings, sks. . '2001 Paper, rolls «81
Potatoes, ska ... 1.462 Quicksilver, flsks. 255
Beans, sks 3,Bl2' Lemons and or-
Ontons. sks 681 anses. bxs 3.000
Bran sks 375; Syrup, cases ... 10
Middlings, ska . . 66 Coal tons
Hides. No 430i Livestock, head.. 452
Pelts, bdls 210|Apples, bxs 50*
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 7.259iW001. bale* 3
Potatoes, sks . . . 590|
STOCK MARKET.
The Week Opens Very Quietly on AH
. thQ Exchanges. '.
The week opened very quietly on Urn Stock
! and Bond Exchange. Sales of bends were only I
: ? 18, 000, a sharp - falling; oft* from the recent ]
I activity in th class of securities. The feel- j
ing in shares was firm, In spit* of the general '
I dullness, and Gas and Electric was higher, i
i rising: to $54 25, while Hutchtnaon Sugar, sold
up to $18 50 and Paauhau .to ' $2", the oth :r j
sugars ruling firm, with fractional advances.
The mining shares were also quieter, with no ,
fluctuations calling, for comment. Th« oil j
! shares were lightly traded In, as usual.
Yellow Jacket and Savage Mining companies
? hare each levied an assessment of 10c.
Dividends - were paid yesterday as follows:
The Pacific Lighting Company, a regular
monthly of 35 cents; the Hawaiian Commer- |
cial and Sugar . Company, a regular monthly j
of- 50 cents; the Onouiea Sugar Company, a
. regular monthly of SO cents; Imperial Oil, 20
: cents. $20,000; Thirty-Three Oil, 10 . cents.
5 $10,000; Oil City Petroleum, \ cent, £300;
; Twenty-eight Oil. 15 cents, $8000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. v March 6—6 — p. m.
UNIT ED STATES , BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) - Bid. Ask. |
4» qr c0up.. 1054106 4s qr cp new.m 132%
4s qr reg... 104^105 " (3a qr c0up.. .104 104%
i ;"* MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AAYO. — — O GL&H 63.108% — i
Asso Oil ss. 87 — O W gtd s*. — 100 - | ,
Bay CPC 55.105% — I Oceanic 3 ss. 87 <S&
Cal C G 56.108 — lOrn Cable 65.122 — |
Cal G& E g Pac Glm 4s. M 88 < <
m& ct ss. — 91% PE Ry 55..109Vi109% ,
i Cal-st C 65.113 — |P AC H 6a. — — I .
C C Wat ss. — 89 IP ft O R 6s. 113 — j
EdL &P C 5.123% — (Powell-st «s. — — ; ?
F & C H 6*112% — I Sao EGARSs.IOS% —
G€ary-st 55.. — .FlO !SF ft SJVSs.I2OHI2HS ,
H CAS 6%5.106H — Sierra R 6s. — — ;
Do 5s 106 — IS P of A Os
Hon R T 63.107 110 ' (1909) 108% — .
L A Etec sa. — — U9lo> 109% —
LAG &E1 5«.101 — [S P of C 6*
LA Ry 8e.. 118 — I (190C)8r A. — —
LAL gtd 55.104 :; — | (18O5)Sr 8.102 — ;
LAP lem 53.102% — ' 0906) . — . — •
Mkt-st C «s. — 116 I (1912) ...:.llfi — ;
Do lcm ss.lU% — ISPC 1 eg ss. — —
MV& MtTss.lOO ? 110 1 Do stampd.lOOH — |
» XRR of C6s. — 105 sIS P B R 89.13314 —
i- Do 5s 12114 — S V Wat «s- — —
INP C R 58.105 — I Do4s Mm.IOOM —
XC Ry 55.. — 112 I D 4s 3dm. 99% — I ,
NC P C 5«. 99 102 ! Do g mtsr4s 98V* — 1
NS R R 6s.l<X> lOO^lStkn f»*E«s. 98 —
Oak TCo t0.12014 — tr O& E ss. — —
Do 5s 112 VI — UR of SF 4«. S9«s 59?4 '
; Do con ss.l<W*',
1 WATER STOCKS.
. Contra Costa 43 — . (Pert Costa... — • — I
I Marln C 0.... SB ? f»%il« V -"••: Col 37% 38 j
I . GAS AND ELECTRIC.
: Cent L & P. 3% 3*i S F G & E. 83% 8414 '
' Martel Powr. 1 — Ml G&E. — 5% ,
Mutual E L. 12 13UIU 6& E Co. — — •
Pac L Co. . «oi-- 6H4J •
INSUJtANCE.
, Flrem's Fnd.3lo — -I .
i BANK STOCKS. '
Am Ntl 8k..130 1.17%iL P ft A.... 152 —
Amrlo-Cal .. R»% 9»*> 4 M<-r Trust... :22©- 200
, Bank of Ca1. 430 — IMerch Ex.... 57 76
«'al Safe Dp.132- — IS F National.lso —
; First Natlonl — 4CO '
SAVINGS BANKS. * . *
1 Ger S & 1,2330 — !Sav & L So.. — ICO I
Hum S&L. — — |Se<rSav Bk.. — 41©
Mutual Sav.lO2V%lC3 ? Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300 1
S F Say r.W-i — ; ! --••?;-•:?-•?.'??:..???- - '•• ;'
ii"' STREET RAILROADS.
<-n]:fornla ..205 : — I Presidio .'.;.. 40 41%
Geary ....... — 40 m ..
POWDER. '?'/;?:
Giant 66 • IViKOiit ...... * B i
BUGAR. ! -
HawdUan C. 88 DO Makawell C. — 38% '
Honokaa 8 C 22% 2J >Onorn<»a S C. 37 — j
| Hutch S P C 18*« 19 iPaauhau S C 26*4 27%
Kllauea S C. 4% ,V..
i : MISCELLANEOUS.
! Alaska PA. 88 SS H [Oceanic S Co. 6 5%
Cal F C A.07 98%!Pac Aux FA. — 5
Cal Wine A. 77% 73 |Pac C 80rx.152% —
, M V& MtTm. 97% — |Pae S Tel Co — —
SALES. -
' Morning Session.
Board— v • - ' '
25 Alaska Packers* Association... 87 50
100 Honokaa S Co 22 78
150 Hutehinson 8 P Co IS 25
50 Paauhau S P C 0..... 27 25
I 20 Paauhau S P Co 27 00
I 50 Paauhau S P Co.* 28 75
{:• 20 Pac States Tel & Tel Co. b 3.110 CO
:. 10 Spring Valley Water Co ...... 88 00 i
i' 50 Spring Valley Water C 0...... 37 75
I $3.C00 Cal Gas &E1GM&CT5»..9150
Sl/'X) Oceanic S S Co 55.... ...:.... 66 00
; $1,000 Spring Valley Water Co 65.... 102 78
i $S,CI!O United R R of S F 4s 89 75
? - - ? Street -. — "
12 Bank of California .440 00
! $4,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 55. . 91 50
* Afternoon Session. ?
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* 'Association. . . 87 50 i
30 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 00
..' ? 30 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 12%
i 15 California Wine Association, . . 7S 00
i , SO Contra Costa Water 43 00
ICO Hutohln?on 8 P Co .:.;. 18 37%
160 Hutchlneon S P. C0....... 18 50 i
50 Or.omea Sugar Co ... . .... 37 00
20 Paauhau S P Co btt.. ..-;... 2T 00
j 80 Paauhau 3 P C 0............... 27 00
; 1* S T Gas & Electric... ..54 no
25 S, F Gas .*. Electric, s 80. . . . 64 29 *
50 Spring Valley. Water Co 37-75
; $1,000 S P of Arizona. (1909)..... 108 75 J
Unlisted - Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
*• ? "'?' Bid. Ask. I i Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.104 — ISF £NP 55.112' i —
B L Wat 6s. — 114% 3 P Co '4%«.100V— •
Cal NW. 65.. — 114 Sun Tal 6«...112« —
M C Wat Os. — 114 I Dad 107% —
SF Drdk'<ss.U2 — |Suttr-st R5».104 —
. MISCELLANEOUS '? STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... ' — 26 ? |Xcv Nat " 8k.217% —
Amer Bis Co— .90- IN SR R Co. — 12% j
Cal Cot Mils 82 — IN Cal P Co. 10 I©2
! Cffi G&ECor. 60 62% Oak •Bk Sav. l2s — .
I C Jockey Cl.llO 120 Oak T Con.. 78 - —
I Cal Powder.. l3o 148 HOOF Hall A 6% —
I Cal Tl* T — 186 Orpheum Co." — NTU
J Cen Bk. Oak — 75 PaeC Ca» C 0.124 127%
i Chutes Co .. 8 6 Pae Bur C 0. .108 —
! City & C Bk — 120 Paraf' Paint.. 50 —
Cyn L Imp.. — •5% S F Dryd«ck — 66
. DptPwd pfd. 74% 80 * SF ft SJ Coal 17% 20
Do com .. 6r — IS Jose Wat.. 103% —
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — SO & MTVbt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — . -1% Bwis»-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. — 39V4 Truck Elect.. 12% IB
Do pool .. — 39 Union S Co.. 28 — .
Lon&SFBk«7 75 UR InC pfd. 79 — ?
' Mat Nay Co 70 ? — Do com ... 30 _
Mils Nat 8k.300... -V-|. - -. ?
\ — — — —
i California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou 7 00 7 25
I Claremont ......."....'.:..... '73 ' 77% •
Forty ...:.;.. .;..... 48 .. 49 I
Hanford ..:,......:......... .... 200 0O .
'Kern ..'.... 700 " 780 ;
! Monte Crlsto .............. 80 ' 85
Oil City Petr01eum.......... - 84
Reed Crudßr:.*rr."T..rmr;^rr 2 00
Sterling ......;..;;.......'.. .... 240
Union 91 80
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
? 1000 Monte Crlsto •............;....... .",82%
. 600 Claremont .'.TV.;;.. ;.;........... 72
800 Occidental ~.'-~.~.r.lt:ri.iT'.'... .'..'< - .05
'?? "X"- •"...'-' Afternoon Session. •"
' - .:.." Board — - ' *• . ???•? •
100 Caribou :.'..;.. \..V.....:...V.. ... 7 00
. r . Mining Stock*. . . - -
SAN FRANCISCO j STOCK ; EXCHANOB.
' ' Following ] were ? th« sales on th* San Fraa»
j cisco Stock and -Exchange Board yesterday:
; •".'." Morning Session— Comatocks.
500 Alta :....:•.:". 05! 200 Ophtr ........7 00 ?
j 150 Best & ? B«lch.l Csf 300 Ophir , 8 87 %
400 Con Cal * V.I »0! 209 Seg Belcher... 10
; 200 Gould & Cur. 28! 600 Sierra Nev 50
?' 600 Justice .?.?.;;.".• -071 200 Union, C0n... . 75
: ? 200 Mexican :".183» * : •- .;. ...:: ." . ? i
i; " Afternoon . Session Coirutocks.
i 20© Challenge".?.. 18i 30 Ophir ..'.;.•.;. 00
I IPO Chollar 19 1 200 P0t05i. ........ 13
! 400 Con 'Cal A V.I 95 400 Savage ... 2»
; 1000 Gould * Cur. 29 500 Scorpion ...... 25
f 100 Hale & Norc.l 35 100 Sierra Ner;.';.-" 61 I
1 2CO Justice < ;. .-.-. . 07! 200 Union I Con... 75
POO Mexican ....;l»5l 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
450 0pWr c.:...7 12%| ,-^: " ;" '.*
-. CLOSING ) QUOTATIONS.
- ' -? ..". Bid. Ask.! ? Bid. Ask.
Alpha :..^...* 13; 14! Julia ......... 03 04
A1ta......... 04 06|Ju*tk» 07- OS
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale!
250 HEAD
DRAUGHT HORSES.
THIRD CONSIGNMENT.
. 50 HEAD, from MM to 1700. - -;
20 DRIVING and BUSINESS HORSES will
be sold TUESDAY. March 7, 7:43 -p. m.
WESTERN HOaSE MARKET
220 VALENCIA STREET.
E. STEWART A CO. .
All will be guaranteed and shown to har-
ness before final payment is made; no outside
horses will be offered. •
J^ fe £»
AUCTION SALE
Rn~HORSES-'BQ
WEDNESDAY, March 8. 1008. at 11 a. m, at
J. B. KORAN'S SALESYARD.
COR. TENTH AND BRYANT STS.. 3. F.
We will sell 80 horses, ranging frcm 1200 to
1900 pounds: from 4 to 6 years old; sound, .11
good order and nearly all broken to harness.
This stock Is consigned by the Modoc Land
and Livestock Company, California., and is *?
splendid lot of smooth, blacky, heavy-boned
horses, being sired by their best Percheron and
Shirs stallions. Contractors and all using a,
good grade of heavy-horses will do well to at-
tend this sale, as no better stock comes to this
market. . ES2S&
Horses now at yard.
HORD & SMITH. Auctioneers. ?
i» Third at.. San Francisco. .
#» There will be a bis: sale of HORSSS.
>-•* WAGONS. SURREYS. BUGGIES.
CARTS and HARNESS, single and double. 1
SPAN PONIES. 1 fine JERSEY COW. at 1140
FOLSOM'ST.. TUESDAY. March 7. 11 a. m.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer..
AUCTION SALE 60 HORSES—WED- *v^
NEBDAY. March 8, at 11 a. m.. AR- *5^
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. I
will sell 60 good young horses . just from tha
country; also wagons. 2 surreys, buggies, har-
ness. JOHN J. DOYLE. ? Auctioneer.: - •
;
'
•
;
1
!
Andes ....... 28 29! Kentuck 01 '.' C 3
Belcher ...:.. 17 13; Lady Wash ..' 02 ' 0-k
Best ft BeJch.l 05 1 10) M.-xi.-an .. 1 M 2 M
Bullion ' 30 32!Occldental ... SO 195
Caledonia .... 62 64 Ophir T 12% 725
Challenge ... 19. 21fOvermaa 21 23
Choilar 19 20 Potosi 18 19
Con Cal ft V.l 95 2 """Savage 28 , 2!»
Confidence ... 76 801 Scorpion „.... 24 2«»
Con Imperial. 01 C2;Se« Belcher... C 9 '1»
Crown Point.. 15 16' Sierra Nev.... 51 53
Con NT .... 02 031Sllver Hi 11.... 65 8f
Exchequer ... 49 S2!St Loots 10 —
E Sierra N*r. 03 05| Syndicate 10 20
Eureka Con.. — 60 Union Con 74 7ft
Gould ft Cur. 28 30Utah 12 IS.
Hale ft Norc.l 38 140 Yellow Jacket. 20 :21
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIBLD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Adams ...... 18J.100O North Star.... '. 57 ,
3800 Black Butt*.. 44 i3OOO Oakland 19
TOO Blk Butte Ex IIIICOO Origr Bullfrog. 41
BCOO Black Rock.. 04J1200 rig Bullfrog. 45
2000 Black Rock.. 0011000 rig Bullfrog. " -I*
2000 Blue Bull ... 30(1000 Paymaster,,.. 07
62,600 Brooklyn .. 061 500 Paymaster ... C 8
6000 Brooklyn .... 07(3300 1 vmastsr ... 05
100 Dlamondfleld. 71 10CO Red. Lion OH
WOO Great Westrn. CHIIOCO Red Lion 07
5000 Gold*eld B Bl 06|2200 Red Top 4r
1000 Goldfleld Dmd 12.3000 Red Top 43
100 Goldfleld Mia. 8«l 500 Red Top 49
40«) Home ....... »22:20OO Red Top 39
2000 Indiana 0311500 Rescue 13
SCO Jim Butler .. - BtllOOO Sandstorm Ex. 18
300 Jumbo M Co. 77 3000 Sandstorm ' Ex. 19
200 Jumbo M Co. 78 4000 Silver Pick ... M
1000 Jumbo M Co.. 81 ICOO St Ives 43
500 Jumbo Ex .. 23 2100 St Ives 4«
1600 Kendall ast 500 St Ivea 47
7100 Lone Star ... ISI2OOO St Ives ...... 49
3000 Lone Star ... 21 "<>*> Sylvanla ..... ji
1000 Lone Star ... 2211500 Ton Relmont..l 00
100 Little Ton ..1 05,'17C0 Ton Midway..l 10
1000 MacNamara.. 521 200 Ton Mdway.l 12*4
IOCO Mont Bullfrog 1311000 Ton Mdway.X 17*4
1M» Mont Ton ...3 COI2OOO VeMe M
50© North Star .. SUf 500 Wonder 07
ICO North Star .. 5811000 "Wonder '08
Afternoon , Session.
500 Amargo«a ... 131 100 Mohawk 21
4CCO Black Butt*.. 44 300 Mont Ton ...S CO
800 Blue Bull ... 30J2000 Nevada ...... SO*
2000 Dlamondfleld. 76U500 North SUr.... 55
1000 Diamondfleld. 7512C00 Oakland 19
4000 Dlamondfleld. -70flOOO ? Catch ".".:t."*25
1100 Ooldfleld Mia. 79 ' 500 Red Top ..... 39
500 Great Westrn. 04' 500 Red Top .-..: ..3S
,2000 Homo ....... (000 Sandstorm 19
15CO Jim Butler .. 6312000 Silver Pick ... 17
1000 Jumbo M Co.. S2IICOO St Ives 45
SSOO Jumbo M Co. 83; '."» Sylvania "28
100 Jumbo M Co. 94j 200 Ton Belmont.. 93
4500 Jumbo Ex .. 2611CC0 Ton Midwayl 10
0000 Jumbo Ex .. , 1000 Ton Midway..l 19
5500 Jumbo Ex .. 2J»| 100 Treasure/ . . r:
"C** Lone Star ... HIM West End ... 40
100 MacNamara.. 5013000 Verde C 6
500 MacNamara.. 511 500 Vernal ....... IS
1500 MacNamara.. 321
CLOBINO QUOTATIONS. v
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask MBH Bid.Ask.
Ton Belmont.. 98 luO MacNamara. . 31 52
California ... 22 —Ton Midway. .1 06 1V)
Cash Boy ... — 12!Mlzpah>Ex .. 13
Colehan — It) Mont Ton ...3 93 3 of>
Gold Anchor.. 67 60JN V Ton Con, '— ? 19
Gold Mt .... 18 lTrNorth Star.... .55 56
Gold Mt Coo. — 02|Ohlo Ton .... 84 3S
Great Westm. 03 Rescue 12 -in
Ind Tonopah. 02 .04 Ton Exten ..450 « 0O
Home 22 2* T.-m ot Nerr.lX 50 11 71
Jim Butler .. 62 63 United Ton .; — • Oft%
Little Ton .. -9O —1 West End ... 40 ?? 41
Lucky Tom... 03 081 .
Goldfleld District.
Adams 17 2i>! Jumbo Ex ... 27 '—
Black Ants .. 07 Id Kendall 37 aa
Black Butte.. 44 46 Kendall Ex... 15
Blk Butte Ex — 10 Lone Star ... IS in ?
Black Rook.. OS '*'May Queen ..SO —
Blue Bell .... 05 (W. Mohawk 21* Tl
Blue Bull ... 30 311 Nevada Boy .. — 35
Brooklyn .... 06 OK'Nsv Goldfleld. ' 50
Bull ft Bear. 07 0* Oakes 10
Booth M Co.. — 12lOro — • o»
Columbia ... '0« osr tvnns;'-rvania. — or
Columbia Mt. 55 SS'Potlateh . . ' 23 -°tt
Conqueror ... 17 —[Red Uoa 05 Cft
Diamond .... 11 12! Red Top SH 3O
Diamondfleld. 70 71 !pan<J storm ... TB gfj
Exploitation.. — Sandstorm Eat. 15 '.
Dixie Mln ... 23 ,55!Sllver Pick ... 17 11
Frisco- 21 22 1 «!t Ives _ 4«
Goldfleld Mln. 7S 7»iTreasnr« 12 _
Ooldfleld Ton. HB WVerd* 05 <iT
Hlbernla .... IS 2f>; Vernal 18 '1* >
Jumbo M Co. 82 SifWonder ?— , 07 .
. Bullfrog District. :
Amargosa ... 13 —fßullfrog Ex... — «5 ,
Bullfrog Mir. — SOjßullfrwr NBk 23 31
Bullfroir Annx 0* Mont Bullfrog. 12 14
Bnttfrou Cons — ORlOrtg Bullfrog. 40 -41
Bullfrog Com 08 —I .
v • ? Other Districts.
**peran*a- ... 01 02[Southwestern. • <»• '70
Paymaster .. .05- 06!Sylvaala 28 —. •
S ula ?'^;^i:-- 11 —'Timber Hill .. 30 —
Ray ft CBrfen 05 —t
TONOPAH MINTVO EXCHAXQS:
Following were th* sales on the San Frar
enco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
? . 9:30 a. m. Session.
8000 Black B«tte.. 40(2000 Near Goldfleld. 31
1000 MacNamara.. SlllOOO Ton N Star... OS.
11 a. m. Session.' ?• .••
1000 Black Butte.. 44 SCO St Ives .. 44
1000 Gldfld L. 07 12.000 Ton Home...- Zl
500 Orlir Bullfrog.' 44: 5000 Ton Home ... .25
3000 Orlr Bullfrog. 43 s©O Tt*a MdTray-1' 07 v;
TWO Paymaster . .08% 50 Ton of Nsv-,11 T5
20CO Paymaster .. 06 60 Ton NeT ..it 87%
1000 Red Top .... 40f • -^.~v.. ™
4 p. m. Session.
600 Blue Bull '..'. SOIIOOO Ort . Bullfrog 42
500 Columbia Mt. C4|1200 Potlatch .... 25
l!V)o Florence Ex.. .1511000 Rothwell 25
1000 Gldfld ExDlott 15 IPO Ton Belmont "l 0O
1000 Gldfld Red L. 0717100 Ton H0m0... -23
1000 Jim' Butler .. 6311000 Tomahawk -' 14
ICO Mont T0n..2 97Vi!30C0 Ton N Star '' 57
2000 Ori* Bulltto*. 43J . -IT -'?
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BuUfroc District,
Bld.Aslc.j • Bid. Ask.
Amargww ... * 13- 15'Orig Bullfrog. 42 4.1
Bullfroc An&X — 12' Winder is
Mont Bullfrog 11 — \
'-" ?-*'>- Goldfleld District. ' - .. ? .
Adams ...... 17 1* Mohawk 19 — -
Continued on Page Fourteen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V TONOPAH ASD GOLOFIELD
"Wo have some special inducements to
offer'you in these stocks. If you will
call or write to us w.» will furnish you
Information concerning these districts.
CaXrrORJTXa. BBOXZXACn CO, V
CHAS. X. HTJDSO3T. Man a* or.
•?**??'?. 313 PX3TE STBEST.
Taleplioaa Main 960.
Tonopah Goldfields
Call at jmy .of flee for information about
these stocks. . There ; are many -of them • that.
will [ pay : good . dividends . later. Now Is the
time to buy ," these good stocks. . > Have som»
special offerings of great merit. ' " •
D. O. DOTJBZ.SDAT. Baaiar-Brokax.
I«L SUa 044. 339 Pin* St.
1516
COWBELL'S DIN DRIVES
MAN TO DESPERATION
HE TRIES TO RAZE HIS
NEIGHBOR'S HOME.
♦
Wielding of Ax Leads to Court
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
W: x. heavily bearded and
of stolid mien, declared that he did
not bring hie ax Iftto play until he
had exhausted both suasion and
thr»fi:«. Instead of giving him court
eous turning; However, Mrs. Jane
Dodge, hw next-door neighbor on
Twenty-set ond avenu*. between X and
L atreetß. Sunset district, scoffed at
him. and the bell attached to her
COWa neck jangled more loudly and
•'grly than ever. His slum
ber was murdered by the interminable
and maybe the insanity born
of insomnia had something to do with
his desperate resolve to chop down
the Dodge dwelling. At any rate,
when he began to hack at the humble
abode h~ felt that his act was justified.
The Misses Annie* and Teenle Faix.
sister? of AVilliam, corroborated his
statements as to the dementia-pro
ducing effect of the cowbell. On the
night of the chopping. Miss Annie
nverred. "Brother Bill" dropped on his
knees and with clasped hands raised
supplicatingly requested Mrs. Dodge
r to muffle the bell or to remove
it from the cow during the nocturnal
hours. Miss Teenie appreciated the
ulterior motive of the bell-ringing at
unseemly hours. The plain truth of
the matter was that the Dodges
• oveted the lot upon which the Faix
home stood and were systematically '
endeavoring to force the Falxs to va
tt. Miss Annie added that the
bell -ringing was only one feature of
the annoyance visited on her and hers
by t£e Dodges, as while she was plant
ing vegetables in her garden Mrs.
Dodge 6at upon the dividing fence and
made hideous faces at her. It was
Miss Teenies opinion that the cow
had been trained to walk around the
Faix cottage all night long and to
shake its head so as to keep the
braxen clamor going. Nor was Mis?
Annie surprised that "Bill" committed
the chopping for which he was ar
rested. Indeed she wbuld not have
been Rstonished if he had truried his
ax in the brain of the cow, which,
by the by. was a very elusive animal.
Unlike good little children, it would
be heard, but not seen.
John Dodge, son of the complaining
witness, denied that the noise made
by the bell was as harsh or as loud
f.s the defense alleged. Furthermore,
8o frightened were the Dodges by the
threats of "Bill" Faix that he (John)
had loaded his shotgun and awaited
the personal attack which he believed
■was inevitable.
Mrs. Foux. also residing in the dis
turbed district, heard the thuds of Mr.
Faix's ax ac he swung it against the
Dodge abode, and also saw splinters
f..\. She begged "Bill" to abstain
from killing Mrs. Dodge.
Then to Police Judge Fritz was Im
ps rted the information that Mr. Faix
had recently appeared a* complain
ant against Mrs. Dodge in the court
of Judge Cabaniss. the lady being ac
cu»e*l of disturbing the peace, and
that one outcome of that squabble
»as the erection of a very tall fence
between the two homes by the owner
of the one occupied by the Faixes.
Pn His Honor continued the case of
podpe v=. Faix till next Friday, by
which time he will probably have
ascertained whether the defendant Is
deserving of Imprisonment or mere
reprimand.
• • •
"X^r." George Hiree, with hair and '
hat and frock coat a la Buffalo Bill, |
and Alfred Bell, devoid of plctures
quenees, were arrested for vociferously
berating each other and thereby dis
turbing th« peace at Kearny and Pine
streets, to the huge entertainment of a
rrowd that blocked traffic. "Dr.**
Hlrze was expounding the virtues of
his "Celebrated Magic Gipsy Remedy,"
while Mr. Bell was extolling the utility
of certain household articles which he
ADVERTISEMEyTg.
GHIRARDELLI S
FLICKS
Little chocolates
for dainty tastes
it eonfoctionert' and getters'.
offered for sale, and it was the vituper
ative effort of each gentleman to dis
credit the other's declarations that
constituted the peace disturbance.
•Dr." Hirze testified that ten years
ago he began selling his cure-all at
Kearny and Pine streets, popularly
known ac "Fakirs' Corner," and that
he nightly held forth there for eight
consecutive years, when he left the
city in response to the clamor of ailing
rurallsts in all parts of California.
Several days ago, when he returned
from a tour that conveyed relief to in
numerable sufferers, he found his old
stand in pessession of Mr. Bell. Noth
ing daunted, however, the "doctor"
erected his portable pharmacy and re
sumed the harangue that had never
failed to win an auditory. Nor did it
then fall. So magnetic- was it that
the throng surrounding Mr. Bell quick
ly nocked to the "doctor." whereupon
Mr. Bell indulged in uncomplimentary,
rot to say libeloue, allusions to the
"Gipsy Remedy." Retaliation in kind
led to the arrests.
Judge Cabaniss cautioned berth de
fendants and then dismissed them.
Police Captain Duke was attired in
off-duty parb Sunday afternoon when
Fred Lathe accosted him at Kearny
and Bush streets with these words:
"Say, you're a spry-looking mug;
let's have a quarter."
Instead of complying with Mr.
Lathe's modest demand the captain
took him car riding to the Hall of Jus
tice and to-day Judge Mogan will
sentence him for begging.
• • •
Bruno Hock borrowed C. Schumas
ser's ?4 watch on pretext that he had
obtained a situation as timekeeper, but
his real motive was to pawn the ticker
and appropriate the cash proceeds to
his own use, for doing which he was
arrested and charged with petty lar
ceny.
"So you wanted to keep time, hey?"
said Judge Conlan, with fine sarcasm,
to Mr. Hock.
"Well. I did keep time, didn't I?"
was the smiling response.
"Thirty days for perpetrating such
an awful joke." was the court's decree.
Charlie Chung, queueless and radi
ant In an emerald sweater, told Judge
Megan that "dlinkee no good," by
which he intended to convey the im
pression that he regretted the slip into
inebriety which resulted in his arrest
for disturbing the peace. It was the
first time he had ever imbibed to ex
cess, he said, for he was a Christian,
as was his better half, who was Miss
Fannie Watson when he led her to the
altar twenty-eight years ago. Their
esght children are also of the Christian
faith and the two that died in In
fancy were formally baptized by a
Christian clergyman. The family
home, at 726 Washington street, is
noted for its Christian orderliness, and
he. as the head of the family, would
require all his Christian charity to for
give the heathen who had shamed his
face by tempting him to drink deeply
of spirituous liquor.
"Didn't you drink intoxicants at all
prior to the overloading in question?"
asked the Judge.
"No muchee — dlinkee 11*1, like him
an' you," replied Charlie Chung, nod
ding rapidly toward Patrolman Mills
and then toward the bench.
Several members of the Chinatown
squad testified that the defendant was
"a decent Chink" and three of his
half-breed sons were good citizens and
regular voters. The first born, Willie
operates an express wagon, in which
vocation his sire Is also engaged. Case
dismissed.
For intimidating Angelo Bartonfs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, MARCH 7. 1905.
BOARD DESIRES
TO BUY LANDS
Supervisors Seek Offers of
Sites for Improvements
and Will Sell More Bonds
POUXDMASTER RESIGNS
Irwin Gives Up Fight and
Society Is to Eun Institu
tion for Impounding Dogs
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
authorized the City Attorney to solicit
offers for the sale of all lands required
for school purposes and for the new
County Jail and addition to the Hall
of Justice under the bond issue. In
the event of failure to receive offers'
to sell within the appraised valuation
fixed by the City Engineer, then con
demnation proceedings to acquire the
lands will be commenced.
An ordinance was passed to print,
fixing May 1, 1905, as the date for
the filing of bids for sewer bonds to
the amount of $443,600, and school
bonds amounting to $427,000.
The offer of Henry Mulvlhill to sell
a lot on B street, near Fourteenth
avenue, for the Golden Gate Park and
Presidio Extension for $900 was ac
cepted and a demand for the amount
was drawn in his favor. .
The board confirmed the purchase
by tne Board of Education of block
No. 3 in the Mission and Thirtieth
Streets Extension for $5600, the cost
to b? paid out of the proceeds of the
sales of school bonds.
It was decided to dispense with the
inspection of elevators in the City
Hall and Hall of Justice and devote
the funds to repair work.
The board ordered demands filed by
ex-Poundmaster Irwin, aggregating
$4608 85, and those of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
for $1239 60 to be paid. The society
was employed a year ago by the board
to conduct the pound and Irwin, the
Mayor's appointee, was dispossessed
of his office. The Superior Court con
firmed the action of the board and the
society will proceed at once to im
pound stray animals, Irwin having
agreed to resign as Poundmaster. The
Mayor said he will approve the bond
of the society.
The Mayor was authorized to sell at
auction ten horses condemned by the
Fire Department.
The southerly half of Fifteenth
street, opposite the termination of
Sharon street, was ordered to be paved
with bitumen.
The following ordinances were
finally passed:
Fixing the width of sidewalks on
California street, between Presidio
and Thirty-third avenues at fifteen
feet.
Ordering the construction of a con
crete parapet from the beach to the
Cliff House at a cost of $4500.
DEMANDS PARK
BE RESTORED
City Sues Ejectment of Many
Residents From Franklin
Square and for Damages
City Attorney Long yesterday began
suit for ejectment and damages on be
half of the city against the Spring Val
ley Water Company, the Union Trust
Company and several other co-defend
ants. The complaint alleges that the
defendants are unlawfully occupying
Franklin Square, bounded by Bryant,
Hampshire, Sixteenth and Seventeenth
streets, which, it is alleged, is city
ground. The damages are placed at
$50,006 for withholding property and
$24,000 additional for value of rents that
have accrued. The defendants have
occupied the land since March 11. iBSB.
Recently the Park Commissioners de
cided that they had funds enough to
proceed with the improvement of the
square and discovered that it was al
ready occupied. They immediately re
quested the City Attorney to institute
proceedings of ejectment preparatory
to beginning work.
The Spring Valley Water Company's
claim, it is said, is based on its pur
chase of a reservoir from John Bens
ley, who conducted a waterworks,
which he later sold to the .city. It is
alleged by the city that Bensley merely
had "squatter's rights" to the land and
that his sale to the water company
does not affect the city's rights. The
reservoir has been abandoned and the
land has since been used by the Spring
Valley for the purpose of rental.
The others included in the suit who
are occupying and renting on the dis
puted square are Winifred Bergen and
Catherine Halmar. John Hass and
Michael O'Donnell. The land was set
aside for a park under trie Van Ness
ordinance of 1858.
son by "exhibiting a deadly weapon in
a rude and threatening manner,"
Arthur Newman was before Judge Mo
gan. The weapon in question was an
antiquated military firearm, alleged to
have been in active service against
Senta Anna, and the prosecution de
clared that it was aimed by Mr. New
man at Master Bartoni while the lat
ter was loitering in propinquity to the
Newman chicken-house on Delaware
avenue, between San Jose and Ocean
avenues, Ingleside district. The de
fense protested that the weapon was
not deadly, inasmuch as it was incap
able of being fired, and that therefore
the complaint was defective. The relic
of a turbulent past will be produced
In court to-day and on its serviceable
ness depends to some extent the court's
finding.
A. L. Nesbitt alleged he was drunk
when William H. Wheeler robbed him
of $30 in a Fifth-street barroom, and
A. L. Nesbit was drunk when he ap
peared before Judge Mogan to testify.
His manner was rude and he insisted
on interrupting the witnesses under
examination, each interruption being
prefaced with "Now, lookee here,
kid." When the court sternly admon
ished him to maintain silence he said
"Now, lookee here, Judge, be a good
fellow," and to his undisguised aston
ishment he was promptly ordered into
custody, with instructions that he be
kept there until he is sober.
When the energetic Bailiff Hickey
summoned Tim Sullivan to step forth
from the cage and confront Judge Mo
gan on the charge of drunkenness
three men in various stages of un
kemptness promptly responded. After
considerable difficulty the particular
Timothy Sullivan wanted was picked
out and quickly disposed of and then
the other two were taken one at a
time and treated as their respective
cases demanded. Inquiry, by the bailiff
developed the fact that the incarcera
tion of the three namesakes was not
in the nature of a family reunion, as
they met for the first time in the cage.
CITY NOW OWNS
MISSION PARK
Purchase Price for Two
Blocks Paid, to Sellers
and Deeds Are Recorded
YOR£E GETS SOME CASH
Supervisors Pay Portion
of Claim and Suit Will
Be Brought for Balance
The deeds conveying the transfer to
the city of Mission blocks 86 and 87,
purchased under the bond issue for the
proposed Mission Park from two re
ligious societies for $291,350, were re
corded yesterday, the money for the
same having been paid over to the
sellers.
The recommendation of the Finance
Committee that F. M. Yorke & Co.
be paid $5813 on its August and
September demands for repairing bitu
minous pavements was adopted by che
board. The demand called for $5870 68
and had been previously refused pay
ment because the committee held that
the capacity of the plant was not large
enough to do the work charged for.
Neither the city nor the company
prejudices any rights In par
tially settling the claim, it being
understood that court proceeding* will
be instituted to settle the dispute. The
company wants $4200 more.
The Century Club of California pe
titioned the board to modify the the
ater ordinance so as to permit of the
erection of an auditorium seating 275
people in Its building at Sutter and
Franklin streets. The Board of Work 3
has ordered operations to cease be
cause the ordinance will be violated.
The petition was referred to the joint
Fire and Judiciary Committee, which
meets Friday at 1:30 p. m.
Acting Chief of Police Spillane re
quested the board to re-enact an old
ordinance, making it unlawful for any
person to stand, walk or sleep upon
any grass plat in public parks, the
object being to arrest tramps who lie
on the grass principally In Washing
ton and Union squares. The matter
was referred to the Police Committee.
The roadways of Fifth avenue be
tween Lake street and the Presidio
reservation, Cherry street between
Washington and Clay, Fourth avenue
between Point Lobos avenue and
Clement street, and Pacific avenue be
tween Gough and Octavia were fully
accepted.
The Board of Works was authorized
to expend $225 to set back the hydrants
on Fourth street between Market and
Howard, which is to be widened and
Daved.
Jake Raver was granted permission
to explode blasts for grading purposes
on the north side of Ellis street, be
tween Gough and Octavia.
The Board of Works recommended
the repeal of the ordinance ordering
the improvement of Mission street be
tween Onondaga avenue and Porter
avenue and the passage of a new ordi
nance which shall properly describe the
different classes of works to be per
formed on the street. The recommen
dation was referred to" the Street Co-m
mittee.
Edward Graney, through his attor
ney, made formal demand on the
board for the payment of his warrants
for the shoeing of horses of the Fire
Department, which have been held up
for two months.
Bids for official advertising were
filed by the Daily Journal of Com
merce at 8k; cents per half Inch and
Evening Post Publishing Company at
25 cents and were referred to the Print
ing Committee.
PERSONAL.
Charles W. Coe. a San Jose cattle
man, is at the Palace.
R. B. Spence, a Monterey capitalist,
is registered at the Occidental.
Walter L. Vail and hlB daughter, of
Los Angeles, are at the Palace.
. C. H. Jones, a wealthy lumberman
of Tacoma, Is staying: at the Palace.
T. B. Henderson, an oilman of
Bakersfleld, is a guest at the Palace.
J. H. Roberts, one of Sacramento's
well known citizens, is at the Occi
dental.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe lines, and wife are at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. John G. Mott, prom
inent members of Los Angeles society,
are at the Palace.
F. M. Bechter, immigration com
missioner of Hawaii, is at the Cali
fornia, on his way East.
Thomas J. Lynch, who recently
made a rich strike In Tonopah, is
registered at the Palace.
Charles Rolla Peters, the well
known artist, is up from Monterey
and is staying at the St. Francis.
J. D. Callery. a Pittsburg street
railway magnate, and his wife ar
rived at the St. Francis yesterday.
General Manager Calvin of the
Southern Pacific Company has re
turned from a tour of inspection of
the company's system In the south.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace were Attorney F. S. Short of
Fresno and John S. Eastwood, a civil
engineer of the same town, who are
here In connection with a reclamation
project.
George W. Vallery, general man
ager of the Colorado Midland road,
and a party composed of Colonel D. C.
Dodge, former president of the Den^
ver and Rio Grande road, and his son,
George Dodge, and their wives, ar
rived here yesterday in a private car
and are staying at the St. Francis.
They are making a pleasure tour- of
the Coast.
R. D. Davis has returned from New
York after an absence of sixty days.
Mr. Daviß is delighted to get home, as
the present weather conditions in New
York suffer badly by contrast with
those of San Francisco. Nine inches
of snow and ice on Broadway was a
portion of his experience that he is
e!ad to exchange for California cli
mate and a temperature of 86 degrees.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, March 6. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived in New
York:
From San Francisco — A. R. Harris,
at the Seville; Mrs. M. Rosenthal, at
the Holland; C. H. Taft, at the Grand
Union; F. White and R. D. White, at
the Herald Square; W. S. Woodruff, at
the Ashland; Miss M. Best, at the
Bristol, and G. S. Dyer and wife, at
the Normandie.
From San Jose — A. R. Denike, at
the Empire.
From Los Angeles — N. Cole Jr., at
the Normandie; N. G. Douglas, at the
Astor House; E. Caldicott and P.
Hazard, at the Grand Union; E. L.
Hine, at the Wellington; B. C. Hutch
inson and wife, at the New Am9ter
dnm; C. S. Johnson, at the Victoria,
and Miss L. Russell, at the Welling
ton.
Plao'a Care for Consumption cures
Coughs and Colds. By all druggists. 25c. *
While the average man isn't bad
enough to need reforming:, he Tb not
good enough sometimes to make a <fe
sirable husband.
SELECTS PUBLIC
LIBRARY SITE
Board Adopts a Resolution
Ordering the Purchase of
Western Addition Block 73
MAYOR MAKES PROMISE
Saye He Will Give Supervis
ors Notice if He Decides
to Suspend the Auditor
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution providing for the
selection of Western Addition block 73
as a site for the new Public Library
to be erected under the bond Issue.
The resolution follows:
Whereas, Proceeds of the sal* of library
bonds to the amount of $739,800 ar* now avail
able for the purchase of a site for the Now
Publlo Library and the commencement of the
construction of the building thereon: and
Whereas, The Board of Publio LJbrary
Trustees recommends the selection of "Weat«rn
Addition block No. 73, bounded by Van Ness
avenue, Hayes, Franklin and Fell •treeU, as
tie most desirable site ther»for
Resolved, That said Western Addition block
No. 73 be and th« same is hereby selected as
the lite whereon to erect the New Publlo
Library authorised by tha bond issue for pub
llo Improvement*
Further resolved. That the City Attornay b«
and ha is hereby authorised and instructed to
solicit offers for the sale to tbe city and coun
ty of San Francisco of said block and to re
port the result thereof to tha Board of Super
visor*.
Remarks In opposition to block 73
were made by A. G. Magulre, Dr.
Charles Maguire and P. A. Breen, who
argued that the business interests of
Hayes street would suffer if a public
library Is erected on the street. R.
Aubrey Jones, agent for some of tha
owners of block 67, thought "that site
is preferable to block 73.
SITE IS FAVORED.
Rev. Father Allen of St. Ignatius
Church urged the selection of block
73, saying that his congregation of 5000
favored the site.
"We are certainly entitled to some
consideration." said Father Allen. "We
have been here for fifty years and have
paid taxes during all that time. We
do not think that this board should
refuse to select the site because for
sooth a few butchers and saloon
keepers are opposed to it."
Thomas Magee was asked if sur
rounding property would be Increased
in value by the erection of a libraryi
but the question waa withdrawn when
A. G. Maguire asked Magee what com
mission he was receiving for the sale
of block 73 to the city.
Mrs. Edward C. Wright, president of
the Century Club, and Mrs. Sorbier of
the Outdoor Art League spoke In favor
of block 73. Public Library Trustee
Taylor said that from the vigorous ob
jection manifested to the site It would
look as if a pesthouse were to be
erected instead of a fine library, which,
he said, would appreciate instead of de
preciate values of surrounding prop
erty." J. D. Phelan told of the plans
drawn by Architect D. H. Burnham for
a civic center on behalf of the Adorn
ment Association. The vote on' the
resolution was:
Ayes — Bent, Booth, Braunhaft,
Comte, Connor, D'Ancona, Gallagher,
Hocks, McClellan, Payot, Rea, Rock,
Sanderson — 13.
■ Noes— Alpers, Boxton, Eggers. Lun
stedt—4.
Excused — B ran dens tetn — 1.
The site has been offered for $659,
000, but it is estimated that it can be
had for $647,000, the amount of the
appraisement.
TO PREVENT DEFICITS.
The board adopted a resolution di
recting heads of city departments to
file monthly statements of expendi
tures in order that they may be con
fined to the provisions of the one
twelfth clause of the charter and pre
vent deficits In the fund before the
end of the fiscal year. D'Ancona
said that it is the habit of some de
partments to incur bills in one month
which, however, are not presented for
payment until two or three months
later, and that the credit of the city
is liable to become impaired owing to
an accumulation of such bills.
The Committee on Artificial Lights
was requested to prepare an ordinance
requiring all persons, companies and
corporations furnishing gas and elec
tric light to the city and county of
San Francisco, or the inhabitants
thereof, in the future, to erect poles
for gas and electric street lamps of a
kind and character to be designated
in the proposed ordinance, in order
that the street lamps of this city may
be of a uniform and artistic char
acter.
ANTICIPATE SUSPENSION.
An attempt was made to force the
hand of Mayor Schmitz, who gave
Auditor Baehr one week in which to
reimburse the city for the amounts
covered by audited demands for
Grand Jury expenses, under pain ot
suspension. Supervisor d'Ancona said
that the board should meet in special
session to indorse or override the
Mayor's threatened suspension ot
Baehr. D'Ancona suggested 10 o'clock
this morning as the time for the meet
ing, but this was opposed by Super
visor Gallagher, who said It would be
undignified to meet before the Mayor
had taken action.
"This board has no right to antici
pate my action," said Mayor Schmitz,
"I intended to have . a consultation
with Mr. Baehr this afternoon, but
the meeting of the board prevented it.
I will say that if the Auditor refuses
to comply with my demand I will
follow the provisions of the charter
in any proceedings looking to his
suspension. I will say that if I de
cide to take such action I will give
the board twenty-four hours' notice
in order that a meeting may be called
at once."
This was - satisfactory to the mem
bers of the board, which thereupon
adjourned to the call of the chair.
Sues to Break Sister's Will
Louise Bee yesterday filed a peti
tion against George S. Hoover to have
the will. of her sister, Marie E. Hoover,
set aside on the grounds of mental
ir.competency and undue influence.
The testatrix left $17,000 and valuable
real estate to her husband and friends
and cut off her sister and her sister's
child with $1 each. The plaintiff al
leges that Mrs. Hoover sold a valu
able piece of property at the corner of
Stockton and O'Farrell streets to Matt
I. Sullivan for a consideration of .$lO
and bases her claims of mental in
competency on the transaction.
If you are going down East be sure and se
lect the moat comfortable route. Ask your
agent for particulars about Wabash tourist oar
service. •
STEAMBOAT COLLISION INVESTIGATED.
U 8 Local Inspectors Bolles and Bulger held
ati investigation yesterday into a collision
which occurred between, the steam tug Alert
and the Key Route ferry steamer San Jose at
8:45 on the morninsr of ■ March 2. The testi
mony of Captains S. W. Parker of the San
Jose and Michael R. J. Downey of the Alert
coincided that a heavy fog prevailed, that the
proper signals were given by both vessels and
that' both were going at full speed at the time
of the collision. The damage was slight.
Tbe case was taken under advisement.
Bee Edward Knowles Co.. when you want a
jwell booklet printed. 24 Second at. *
WITTMAN'S FATE
STILL IN DOUBT
Commissioners Examine More
Witnesses and Continue
Case Till This Evening
GAMBLING HAS STOPPED
Special Policeman Says He
Heard Chinaman Give Sig
nal of Warning to Ellis
The case of Chief of Police Wlttman.
charged with neglect o* duty and ln
competency, was resumed before the
Board of Police Commissioners yester
day afternoon. The testimony intro
duced during the session had little
bearing: on the charges preferred
against tha accused official and the
bulk of the witnesses emphasized only
th« well known fact that since Ser
geant Cook took charge of affairs in
the heathen quarter, gambling has been
suppressed and the clubs closed. The
prosecution will require about two
more sessions to complete Its testi
mony. These sessions will be held this
evening and to-morrow night. On
Thursday night the defense will pre
sent its case.
Oaptain of Police Thomas F. Duke,
whose district comprises Chinatown,
testified he had received no orders rela
tive to the surpression of gambling In
that stction. He has charge only of
uniformed policemen and he claimed
that inasmuch as a special squad is
detailed for that particular purpose the
Interference of outsiders would do more
harm than good. Duke served In
Chinatown on several occasions and
admitted it was a difficult matter to
stamp out gaming.
James Downey, a special policeman,
delivered a hard blow to Sergeant El
lis, who confessed before the Grand
Jury to having taken bribes. Downey
Stated about the middle of November
he was standing on a corner with Ellis.
when a Chinese came up and informed
the latter that Chief Wittman was In
Chinatown. Ellis immediately asked
his informer if he had told the other
Chinese and when told that only a few
of the heathens had been warned, El
lis became excited immediately and
went away hurriedly, rubbing his
hands.
Sergeant Jesse B. Cook, who has suc
ceeded in suppressing gambling, and
to whom tht- Chinese attribute super
natural powers, was the next witness
called. He said his method was to
clean all the gambling houses out as
quickly as he found them occupied.
Cook admitted that two years ago,
when he was detailed to Chinatown, he
requested Chief Wlttman to remove
him. but his superior refused to do so
until ill health made It necessary.
The remainder of the witnesses.
Sergeants Brophy and Trayer, Detec
tive George McMahon, Watchmen
James Lambert and J. W. Alsot and
Guides Tim O'Neill, Henry Jacobson,
George F. Hemings, John W. Lemmon,
Charles Burnstein, John W. Hinch and
William Gallagher, all testified to the
fact that since Cook has been In the
district gambling has ceased. The case
was put over until this evening at 7:30
o'clock and the cases of Sergeant
Frayer and Brophy were set for Friday
night.
PATROL WAGON DRIVERS
MAY LOSE POSITIONS
Police Board Is Said to Be Oontem-
plntinff the Dismissal of Eight
Rein Holders.
The Board of Police Commissioners
is reported as about to lop off the
heads of eight of the present patrol
wagon drivers to make room for some
of the Schmitz administration friends.
Much concern is felt by those who now
hold the reins on the police wagons.
The present head-lopping bee is sched
uled to take place soon after the trial
of Wittman is finished.
As far as it can the Police Board !
Intends fo exercise its power in dis- !
missing present employes of the de- ;
partment and appointing friends of the
administration to the vacated posi- |
tions. The patrol drivers under the
charter are civil service employes, but ]
these men have so far successfully
evaded the taking of the Civil Service '
Board's examinations through the pro
curing of an injunction against the !
board. Twice in the last two years j
has the Civil Service Commission at- ■
tempted to hold these examination and ;
each time a restraining order has been :
obtained by the patrol drivers from j
the courts. The job is a fat one. pay
ing $90 a month. No money is spent
on uniforms, so that the salary. In con
trast to the policeman's, is clear
money. ,
TRAINING FAITHFULLY
FOR THE BENEFIT GAME
Fire Laddies and "Coppers" (Setting
Into Form for Sunday's
Great Contest.
Who will win? That is the ques
tion that is worrying the fire and
police departments these days. The
baseball game to be played next Sun
day at Recreation Park between the
teams of the two departments is as
suming the proportions of a cham
pionship affair and to pick the win
ner will be no easy task as the teams
will be In as good shape as hard daily
practice can make them.
Lieutenant Michael Joseph Conboy
will lead the rooters of the Police De
partment again this year. The fire
men will have a strong batting team
this time and with Levy, Buckley.
Murphy, Cuneo, Gallatln and Donna
dieu they promise to straighten out
Blrdsall's benders to the four corners
of the park. Seats will be placed on
sale Wednesday at Harris' cigar store,
5 Stockton street, and those desiring
choice places had better apply early
as the grandstand seats are nearly all
sold.
Booked on Two Charges.
Donald McFadden and Walter Ay
hens were booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Graham and
Harrison on charges of burglary and
grand larceny. They are accused of
stealing sixty hides valued at $400
from Krenz Brothers' tannery on Six
teenth avenue on March 1. They stole
a horse and wagon to carry the hides
to a barn on Osage alley, where the
hides were later recovered. The horse
belonged to Florian Andreas, a
rancher, but the police have been
unable to find an owner for the
wagon.
XEW CHIEF OF POLICE
SELECTED IX FRESNO
Former Deputy Sheriff White to Suc
ceed J. D. Morgan, Who
Resigned.
FRESNO, March 6. — J. J. White,
former Deputy Sheriff. was to-day
made Chief of Police of Fresno to
succeed J- D. Morgan, recently re
signed.
Diplomacy ia often a knife in the
hands of the underhanded,
STEPHEN LIKES
NOT THE PRESS
Surgeon, Mayor and Health
Board's President 3leet
Secretly at the City Hall
WOULD EXCLUDE PAPERS
Three Pensioners of the
Schmitz Administration
Plan to Stop "Roasts"
Dr. James W. Ward, president of the
Board of Health, Mayor Schmita and
Dr. J. L Stephen, Chief Surgeon of th«
Emergency Hospitals, held a consulta
tion Saturday night with a view to
placing restrictions on the newsgath
erers of the city dailies. Smarting un
der the sting of the many exposures of
misconduct in office, these three city
Officers considered the advisability of
excluding the press from the hospitals
run under the municipal government,
and thus preventing reports of alleged
grafting methods from gaining publi
city in the pape rg
Dr. Stephen has been for some tlm«
complaining of the distressing article*
published regarding the lax and Im
proper methods employed by him and
some of his associates in the hospital
service. At Ward's suggestion a meet-
Ing was arranged with the Mayor.
The three aspirants for long life In
the money-getting municipal posts
quietly sought out the rooms of the
Board of Health last Saturday night,
and under the lowered gas lights tried
to adopt a plan whereby the nuisance
of newspaper "roasts" could be done
away with without incurring too much
the displeasure of the press. When the
Issue came up for discussion Stephen,
who has at divers times and places
said that as soon as the newspapers
exposed bis methods he would throw
them from the hospitals, showed the
white feather and weakened on te final
vote. Schmitz and Ward favored ex
cluding the newspaper men, but Ste
phen, fearing the publication of more
of his peculiar methods in office. »aid
that he "guessed that the press had
better have one more chance." It waa
decided to let matter* rest as they
are for the time being.
KERWIX PREFERS MOTHER'S
SOCIETY TO THAT OF WTFB
! Judge Graham Awards Plaintiff Di
vorce on Ground of Failure
to Provide.
Frances Kerwin obtained a dfvore*
| yesterday from James Kerwin for fail
ure to provide. The plaintiff, who is
; 50 years old, married Kerwin when
he was 30 and alleges that aft«r the
first year of marriage her husband pre
ferred the society of his mother to that
of his wife.
A divorce was granted by Judfre
Troutt to H. J. F. Berkeley from Jen
nie Berkeley on the ground of willful
desertion. Pending the suit by Bat-
tista Richetti against his wife, Rosa
Kiehetti, for divorce, Judgre Muraaky
ordered him to pay her fls a we*k
alimony and $25 costs of the motion.
Complaints were filed by Clara
Aubrey against Frank M. Aubrey for
divorce for cruelty and Sallie Belle
Merchant from Fred R. Merchant for
willful neglect.
The overworked Eye. faded Eye. r«d
and Inflamed Eye. Eye that needs care,
relieved by Murlne Eye Remedy. •
PEDDLERS ASSAILANT ARRESTED.—
Joseph . Qulnl&n was arrested yesterday morn
ing' by Detectives Reagan and O'Connfll and
locked up at the city prison. He was with,
Joseph Leddy on March 3 when Zlden Jacobs,
an- orange . peddler, was attacked, knocked
down and his skull fractured Th« officers
say It was Qutti'.an who struck Jacobs. Jacobs
13 at the French hospital In a. critical condi
tion Leddy was arrested on March 3by De
tective T. B. Gibson. . . . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y" . . . -
GUMP
COLLECTION
... OF ~.
PAINTINGS
AUCTION
Native Sons' Hall
■414 MASON STREET
...NOW ON EXHIBITION...
Day and Svenlajr Until Cloa*
of Sale. March 15 .....
SALE COMMENCES
THURSDAY EVENING, MARCH 9
C. H. LUENGENE J
Of the National. Art Association.' |
AUCTIONEER. 6 .. I
: Hotel SI Francis :J
_ A FAVORITE LUNCHING PI*AC». • f
_ •-: Fashionable set gathers bars tor . m
■ ■ ■■. . afternoon', tea. '**"r;" r ; .- — >| J
— Moat unique -lining place In San — W
__'•' ■ • • Francisco. ' . j
Convenient for after-theater 'supper
I : America's Model Hotel ~
'i' : t--r'-'i I I V't-r'i I ■■■y- ttf j \
CARTERS! CURE SICK h^acbe- ;
■ittu Genuine Must Bear
- I PILL* ' - Simils Sigpatu^