VI^^VVE A.THEE.
VxV "^* \ »>'| '\u25a0) ft,
Forecast E^^^ftNSa3**Tr:rrCj^t£fc
thirty hours endiJl^^BSjjjjjmi^l
ICCS:
'Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fogg
Thursday morning, becoming fair dur
ir.g the u2.y; fresh tvest wind.
G. H. WILLSOX.
Locol Forecaster,
Temporarily in Charge.
VOLUME XC\ lII— XO 57.
CARDINAL GIBBONS POINTS OUT NATIONAL EVILS
Cardinal Gibbons, in an interview with a representative of The Gall, has frankly dicussed what he regards as the great evils confronting the American nation. Foremost among. these he places
the lax regard given the marriage tie, the results of the increasing rate of divorce being, he says, horrible to contemplate. The prelate is outspoken in his condemnation of corporation corrup
tion, but sees a hopeful sign in the recent frequent exposures of powerful culprits: He believes the prevalent business dishonesty is a wrong which will right itself.
CARLTON'S
WIVES NOW
ONE DOZEN
Bigamist's Victims
All Well-to-Do
Women.
At Least Two of Them
Believed to Have
Been Poisoned.
Prisoner Is Found to Have
Twice Entered the Army
and Twice Deserted.
f l'tcial Dlrratch to Th« C*lt
NEW YORK, July 26^-A letter receiv
ed from the Cincinnati police by Inspec
tor Cross to-day, raises the number of
women Frederick E. Carlton .a officially
known to have married to Plx, and the
number of wives he is believed to have
had to twelve. The letter was written
Ij>^ Chief of Police Milllken and contains
th<J record of th« man now under arrest,
it; Brooklyn, as collected by the police
of Cincinnati since ISSS. Inspector Cross
*'£?\u25a0 f»tto*i win n. h<?_ rpa4. the. document.
a« It riot only confirmed much of the
\u2666 vidence he had gathered in the case, but
threw come new sidelights on the career
of the remarkable "Blue Beard."
According to Milllken, Carlton's real
name Is James E. McCandless. who first
tame to criminal notice when he was
errested in ISSB in St. Louis for loitering
«,n the etreets. Since that time McCand
loss has assumed several names. He
twice ;6ined and twice deserted the
wmy. Apparently he married well-to-do
women as frequently as he found it ad
vantageous, and on one occasion turned
check forger.
After reading the letter, Inspector Crops
t-aid he had no doubt the man now In
custody In jail under the name of Carl
ton was really McCandless. He said that
in the army with McCandless was a man
«.if the name of Frederick E. Carlton, a
soldier with an honorable record, and
that he had no doubt that McCandless
assumed hie comrade's name.
Here is the list of Carlton's twelve sup
posed wives:
No. I—Helen1 — Helen Murray. Lincoln, Neb.,
ir.arried to Carlton as John E. Candless.;
deserted.
, No. 3— Jennie Andrews, Yankton, South
Dakota, married to him as Frederick E.
Carlton; deserted.
No. 3— Oullletta Bird. Brooklyn; deserted
by Carlton after he had spent her
money.
No. *— Alabama widow, deserted by
Carlton after her money had nearly all
been spent.
No. s—Mrs.5 — Mrs. Lucia Mitchell, Covington,
Ky.. married to Carlton under the name
of James Martinez; robbed and deserted.
No. 6 — Mrs. Lulu Ketterlng. Rochester,
"*£ V.. married to Carlton under the name
of De Rodrique; left Carlton after ten
days of married life.
No. 7— Rose Cerrier, St. Louis, married
to Caxlton under name of Carl Masters;
deserted.
No. S-Mn. Etta Kingrey. of Gordon,
Ala., now living in Birmingham, married
to Carlton under the name of E. J.
Martinez; robbed and deserted.
No. 9— Millie Person, Jersey City, lived
as common law wife with Carlton under
the alias Edward Cartler; robbed and
deserted.
No. 10— Jennie Smyth, of Cypress Hills,
Brooklyn, married to him as Frederick E.
Carlton and died mj-sterlously of alleged
tetanus Eix months after marriage. In
surance of $2000 collected by Carlton.
No. 11.— Mary* T. Gorman. Brooklyn,
married to him as Frederick E. Carlton
within two months of the death of Jennie
Smyth; died seven months after mar
- liage, of alleged tetanus, displaying every
symptom of poisoning. Insurance of $3003
collected by Carlton.
No. 12— Elinor Vandeventer, lived with
Carlton as his wife one month after the
rfiath of Mary Gorman Carlton; believed
by the police to have been actually mar
ried to him. now in Raymond-street jail
as Carltou's accomplice in a photographic
blackmailing scheme : attempt made by ;
Carlton to insure her life for 51000. i
KEFUSES TO PERMIT
BILL'S INTRODUCTION
House of Commons Votes
Down Measure to Limit
Life of Parliament.
LONDON. July 26.— The House of
Commons to-day refused to permit
Winston Spencer ChurchJll to introduce
a bill limiting the life of Parliament to
five Ir.Ktcad of seven years. Churchill
expected that the bill would give fuller
public control of the executive. Jie saw
the diminishing Parliamentary au
thority uver the -Government .tnd by
this mechanical arrangement that full
V>pp<;als to the country would be of na
tional advantage. The proposal was de
fe&tcd by 259 to 167 votes. J
The San Francisco Call.
ARE RACING
FOR ARCTIC
GOLD MINES
Secret G-oal of Two
"Exploring 11 Ex
peditions.
Mrs.HubbardandDillon
Wallace Seek New
El Dorado.
Rich Mineral District Dis
covered by Woman's Hus
band Before His Death.
. tpecial Dispatch to Th» CalL
BROOKLYX, July 26. — The separate
expeditions in Labrador of Mrs. i<eonl
<ias Hubbard Jr., wife of the explorer
who lost his life in the barren regions,
and Dillon Wallace, who accompanied
Hubbard on his fatal tour, are racing
for g-old. Information obtained to-day
from friends of Mrs. Uubbard indicates
that, the Hubbard and Wallace parties
are not In earch of unexplored lauds,
but of mines which Hubbard. is said to
have discovered before^, bis-death/^ "...^j
"Before her 'departure for thY north""
Mrs. Hubbard told several of her con
fidantes in this city that she had In her
possession letters from her husband
telling: of his unexpected find, and also
giving the exact location of the mines. |
In the letters Hubbard intimated that, :
In view of his good fortune, he would!
probably discontinue his exploration
work and return to the United States to
interest capitalists in the development
of his gold mines. Hubbard told his
wife that the mines were worth several
pillion dollars.
When Mrs. Hubbard and George El
sen, the Indian guide, left for the north
several weeks ago, they maintained
significant reticence as to their trip. It
is now learned that Mrs. Hubbard re
fused to divulge any details regarding
the expedition because Wallace un
doubtedly would have learned of them
and hastened his start for the goal for
which the Hubbard-Elsen • party was
bound.
Friends of Mrs. Hubbard say she ex
pects to reach the gold mines in less
than four weeks. They say she does not
contemplate taking up the work of ex
ploring where her husband left off, as
they hardly believe she is hardy enough
to undergo the privations and suffering
to which her husband was subjected for
many weeks before his death. They
also aver that when Mrs. Hubbard re
turns here she will give out a formal
statement vindicating Wallace entirely
of the charge of desertion in connection
with her husband's death.
WHITES LOVE XOTES
TO MISS EOOSEVELT
Soldier in Prison Also Sends
Letter to President's
Wife.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEU YORK, July 26.— The mysterious
quest of^a secret service detective sent
by President Roosevelt to Governors
Island was explained to-day when
Private James G. Jones, who has been
serving a term of Imprisonment in Castle
William for desertion, was removed on a
special order and examined by. the Board
of Lunacy. o ; "' ? '--
Although great secrecy was maintained,
it was learned that Jones had been send
ing love letters to Miss Alice Rotfsevelt
from the prison. He sent more than a
score. In each of them he implored her
to marry him, asserting that she could
be happy with no one else.
The climax came when Jones sent a
6harp note to Mrs. Roosevelt, in which
he said that she was standing, between
.her stepdaughter and. himself. He de
clared that if Mrs. Roosevelt would only
give her consent he would crown. tne life
of tho President's daughter with the
happiness she craved.
This letter was received at Oyster Bay
last week and President Roosevelt im
mediately ; dispatched one of his «\u25a0 guard,
of secret service men to investigate, gjv-
Ing him authority . to act as he thought
best. He had , the soldier?" removed from
the fort prison by special order and
transferred to the military hospital.
Jones was under observation for se\-eral
day*, but the doctors could not tell
whether nr not he was sane. A fu« re
tKjrt of the investigation was sent to
President Roosevelt, and it is believed
he advised the appointment -of a lunacy
board, for one was appointed a~> few days
after he had been acquainted with the
facts. The lunacy board took no action
to-day. Some of its members think that
Jones is feigning insanity r»nd "t'^crs be
lle\c he Is of an unbalanced mind.
W'oiuan Gets Postoftice.
WASHINGTON.; July 26.— Edith E.
Trood has been* appointed fourth-class
postmaster at North San Juan. Nevada
County, Cal.. vice Patrick H. Butler.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1905.
Prelate Deplores of Divorce, Which Causes Children
to Bear -the Brunt of the Parents 9 Sinning.
It In my opinion that the great evil of the day in the lax regard
given to the marriage tie.. The increasing; and prevalent misfortune
and evil of divorce are horrible to contemplate. It is «uch an awful
upsetting of fcinfty ties that, If allowed to continue," society will be in
a condition that should never exist In a civilized nation.-— CARDINAL
GIBBONS. \u0084
Thieving Operations of High Financie]
Being Checked by Exposures in
"The possession of vrealth ' \m an Isolation. Great wealth brings it*
s privations and its sufferings. ' The retribution that trails in the wake
,of money madness is the poverty of riches. I can think of nothing; more
lonesome than the man frith an immense fortune."— CARDINAL GIB
BONS.
Curse of Mammon Worship - Offset^ hy
the Extravagance of the Ameri-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Cardinal Gibbons is spending the
summer away down at the further %nd of Long Island, in the
modest rectory of Father O l Hara,\wHo is pastor of the local
church. . . x . :
It was in the rectory of Father O'Hara's church that Car
dinal Gibbons explained to The Call correspondent whatthe fear
ed morally and financially from the present condition of
the country. The; Cardinal does not waste words on fancy ex
pressions of .-sentiment nor beat about the bush with fine phrases.
._-\u25a0 -TheGardinal does not look his seventy-one vears. -^he vi«pf
of youth is still his fortunate blessing. .^^tv :
Wears Somber Garb of a Priest;
The only marks of distinction visible to the layman's eye
was a bit of scarlet barette, which is only a sku^l cap, and a trace
of scarlet, which showed around his neck. In other respects he
was dressed in the conventional somber clothes of a priest. On a
finger of his right hand, however, gleamed the enormous ring of
his office — a big amethyst stone, set around with diamonds.
As he talked in an amiable, conversational, informal way,
there were occasional interruptions. A young priest or a visiting
churchman would be ushered in, drop to his knees and kiss the
significant ring. In a few terse and satisfying, words Cardinal
Gibbons dismissed one after another.
Corruption as Old as History.
*\u25a0 .... «^
"Corporation corruption is a fixed evil that we must reckon
•with just as long as the present condition 'of society exists in this
country," said Cardinal Gibbons. "Whenever there is an amalga
mation of great capital or a large collection of men interested in
a money-making concern, there is sure to be corruption. It is a
story as old as the world's history.
"The bright spot in the whole swamp "of the present moral
degradation is the fact that the degradation is made known. Cor
ruption cannot exist nowadays without being discovered.
/"Dread of exposure is a counterbalancing element, and that
fear— that horror of having a name, once respected, dragged
down — is due to the efforts of the metropolitan press.
" 'A collection of men,' said Mr. Blame. 'will permit a wrong
which no one of. these men -individually would ever think of doing.' '
Money the Great Trouble- Maker.
"That is undoubtedly true of the conditions that have been
exposed in this recent insurance scandal. In this scandal and
various other unfortunate business wrongs that have been exposed
lately it is very much to be doubted if any one particular, man
would do of his own accord what he did as director or stockholder.
"The great trouble-maker to this country is money. ,The ; great
offset to that evil is the American inclination to spend it rapidly."'
"You, consider, then, that American extravagance is some
thing of a blessing?" the Cardinal was asked. •
"I do, indeed. Americans are not misers, thank God ! Oth
erwise we woulcl be in a most deplorable condition. When great
fortunes are made they are almost as rapidly expended, and the
constant circulation"of money is one of^he hopeful' signs of 4 ' the
, future."
Prelate's View on Tainted Money.
"Do you; believe there is such a thftig as tainted money ?"
"Indeed I do. There is no* doubt whatever that there are
larger accumulations; of; -money in this country that are yery,much
tainted. However, I never had an opportunity yet of personaliy de
ciding whether money was tainted or not. No money! was ever of
fered me that even had the shadow of suspicion connected with it
in that resect ; but that money has been obtained in a way, which
churchmen could (not sanction in this country 'is a matter of com
mon knowledge." v > \ i,
'"What do you consider tlie \u25a0 greatest 'danger threateniri^- the
; United; States "at the present time?" : - y \u25a0"''
* . "That is rather a difficult question. But. in a general way.: it
Continued on Page 2, Column. 1 anil S,
COURT'S ORDER
REUNITES WIFE
AND HUSBAND
By Compelling Them to
ffiss Each Day He
Ends Strife.
6p«clal Dispatch to Th» Call.
BROOKLYN, N. V.. July 26.— Fred
Lindsay has obeyed the mandate of
Magistrate Hlgginbotham and | the Judge
announced to-day _ that Lindsay haa
kissed his -.wife after their long estrange
ment.
"Well, Judge," the husband said when
he. appeared in court," "we have come in'
to tell you that we have kissed and made
up. We are going down on Long Island
to spend our second honeymoon and we
will not be able to appear before you
again."
"Well, that is splendid," said the mag
istrate, beaming on the pair. "And you
have really kissed your wife, have you,
Lindsay— and was it good?"
/Unblushingly Lindsay turned to his
wife, caught her in his arms and .in the
presence of the entire courtroom gave
her a resounding kiss on the lips. His
response satisfied the magistrate. -..
\u25a0 Lindsay was arraigned before Magis
trate Higginbotham a month ago, charged
\u25a0with' non-support. Magistrate Higgin
botham gave the following order: -v, >
"I sentence you, Lindsay,, to spend one
day each week with your wife and baby
at Prospect Park or at Coney
You need not speak to each' other. 'All
you have to do is : watch the baby.
"And I further sentence you to kiss
your wife each day once," „ charged the
Judge. "You are also to pay her J8 a
week for four weeks. You and your wife
are to come back here one : month "from
to-day and let me know how . the sen-*
tence of this court is being carried out.
Also, all ; mothers-in-law niust^tay away
from your home."
IS LOST IN DENVER
AXD NEARLY STARVES
Laurel Schroyer, From This
City; Is yictim of 6do
\Ex|)erience/
DENVER, Colo., July 2t>.— Laurel
Schroyer. I", yearsold, was found by Po
liceman Wilson near Zang's; Brewery; last
niffht : and- sent to, the city. Jail for shelter.
According.to Schroyer.he arrived in Den
ver from | San Francisco in'com
pany-\u25a0"-. with his mother, ';';; Mrs:- Nancy
SchroVer. ' The mother a. room
and then r sent » the lad -out with,instruc
tions ' to. visit ' the Union -depot^and gei
their .*• t r unks. -* Yo u ng roy er 1 os t S his
v.-ay'and he states.;, that he wandered
about the": city "all day Monday and : all
nigh i: and' all .day/ yesterday. ,He • had no
food: during ; this i time f. and i consequently
was ; very {hungry .when found . last night."
The f police are trying to ; lind his . mother.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Heart of a Geisha."
CENTRAL— "BIue J«aas."
CHUTES — "Princes* Faa Tma." Mati
aes.
GRANT)— "Jewish Vice King."
ORPHEUM— Viad«TIIIe. Matlnea.
TTVOLI— "Rob Roy.'*
CATHOLIC PRELATE WHO. IN AN* INTERVIEW GRANTED THE CALL HAS
NOT MINCED WORDS IN SPEAKING OK THE DANGERS THAT AT
PRESENT CONFRONT THE - AMERICAN NATION.
DISPENSARY
SYSTEM FAILS
AS A REFORM
Senator Tillman Ad
mits That It Is Not
a Success.
BpeclaT DUsatcb to Tt» CaJL
UNION, S. C, July 26.— "1 went Into the
dispensary in Spartansburg to get some
beer and that -place was as near as I
want to come. to being In hell. Men were
mixing beer with whisky," tlst Is what Sen
ator B.P-. Tillman ;• is quoted-as having
said when on his" way to make a speech
in favor of his "pet" dispensary system
In. South Carolina.
r-'r -' The occasion on . which the above re
mark wap. made was when Senator Till
man went to Tiffany to make a speech,
in the hope/of turning the : tide against
the prohibition /sentiment; but the elec
tion,"'which catne. off a few 'days later,
showed that the Senator evidently / had
lost . his grip -there- or the dispensary's
rottenness wastoo much for the people,
for they voted * It ', down : by a four to one
majority.; .: X'
''Senator, Tillman . now recognizes \u25a0 that
the dispensary' system as now "conducted
Is a', failure. • Public "sentiment In : " favor
of prohibition Is getting" stronger every
day, and thi3 ; county \u25a0is getting in' line to
vote?out the : dispensary. Heretofore this
was one of the strongest dispensary coun
ties In 'the; State:*.- -,\u25a0*.
Shonts \u25a0 Arrives ' at - Colon.
-COLON. July 26.— The steamship
Mexico, ; with ;. . President . Theodore P.
Shonts of .-.the,' Panama" Canal Commis
sion and-Chief 'Engineer Stevens, ar
rived- here to-day. Governor "Magoon
and other high canalomcials came from
Panama \ on ? a special ° train this morn
ing; to: welcome President Shonts" and
his ! ; party.' all T of : whom are In good
health, v .'i - '
PRICE .FIVE CENTS.
GATES PARTT
ATTEMPTS NEW
WHEAT CORNER
Trying to Recoup Its
Losses in. Spring
Fiasco.
I Hill II I ilH^milMl \u25a0 | MHlllillltll
Sc»clal Dlepatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Has John W. GatSS
and his following again loaded us witb
wheat in an effort to get back some of
the money, they lost on the Board of
Trade. last spring?
This Is a question which, *jB-day was
dls_cussed in La 3al!e street. The ruma^
that the Gates party was heavily inter
ested on the long side of the market win
heard in all obscure dispatches from New
York. i
John W. Lambert and Isaac Elwoj»d,
who were with the Gates 'narty ?h a
fishing. trip down the St. Lawrew c \Kiv«r.
have returned to New York and Gates. It
Is said, will '. follow. Meanwhite Orson
Wells, local manager for Charles W.
Gates. & Co.. was summoned to
New- York and curious ones were asking
whether ,hls trio might not have some*
Connection with the wheat deal. It Is
well known that Wall street interests
had a hand In the recent upward flight
of , the cereal, brought about by the black
rust "scare." The volume of trading
which accompanied the advance was so
large, as -to indicate the presence of big
speculators in' the market. Much of the
business came by way of Minneapolis,
but traders have every reason tcr*bellev>
that a large part of It did not originate
thereMßflflßßHß
Bishop Joyce Ii Xenr. Death.
MINNEAPOLIS, July -6. — Bishop
Isaac Joyce, who has been lying ill as
the result of a cerebral hemorrhage
and paralytic attack sustained whi2u
preaching at. the ReU Rock (Minn.>
camp meeting on Sundiiy, July :, Is no:
f% Dec ted to live through the ni*at.2
CJfRDW^L- GIBBOffI
JAYS CiREAX WEALTH
IS "A MISFOKJUME
Retribution .Wllows Money M^mss and
No ; Man; ls -More I^nesome^fran,
iCon} inurd from Page 1, Columns 3 add 4._.
is 'my. opinion. Ihat-tke -great- cvi I ~Qf-- r -tbc '\u25a0- day- isUhe ; la^*-f egard
giyen^io jA\c VTJiaFnage; iie ;^<jt=:jncrea[sing aiiß Vprej^ient mis
fortune'and evil of rdivorce>re.:lvorribJe v fto^ntemplate.'SK is such
£n "a.wlul upsetting of :fanj'tf y, ities^that-rif -allowed .to continue, so- ' :
- ciety.Avili be iiva^cdaditioii:tliaTshould'-ne\ r ej^xist in a civilized na-
I- tioti.^The evil is^one of lid*itage;, r .-Its : con jf using" and embarrassing
;<toEd3jJan4 ana'it^_degradattons fall* upon <^ii<3ren-. father ;than upon the parents.
\u25a0ft'the. parents- have. the. cihi!d^eil-'"musf.^pei > foribe,' > bear the"bruht of .
• «Jie r <3rtrtiQtflfy." 'That nTeans'tTie dJei^'ptron^pf '.me. fiomclana the disintegration
; or th<^ : fatally/.;- Now, £eVery gcear^&o.dfetj;.|ev^r> rtne soelal condition, depends \u25a0
ah'eo^telyTapbri jrie;nioraa integrity ofThev pairenfcsiaj»d the home -SW4ien that ,
is brojj£ht"./a a'ltfitf, standard' society-'ifself Vmust' £6m£ jto an equally low or
lower pJaijje.?;i r*'/^r *' /^ '\u25a0 "••\u25a0;\u25a0'.. ! -/:>.'\u25a0 i ;.".;-.*'" '*'.:[\u25a0 ..-- . "" - *
"Xxju, liiuk-rhp evil of~d4vorce, t-hettrls-Tt-gT^'ter evil than the evil, of cor
porate corruption?" x ; "V* •'*- : '-'-'-" . . . •
"Yes, because corporate corruption rights' itself, by its own wrong.'?' • .'[.
x Favors a Uniform Divprc^lbaw^
' \j ".'^'ould a uniform divorce law] thoughouttbe country help matters?"
' h "Unquestionably, fiouth Dakota, 'in its divoTCe laws, is now a- blot on the
\u0084- .United States. If aU. the Stales .could have slririgrerit divorce laws, uhdoabt
.' cdly the evil would be minimized. , <3f course, I do' not believe in divorce'at
ail atifl* I.<Jo-"ndt believfe In- divorce laws.' but I believe in. anything that.wlir v
.aesKen a great *vil. The church sanctions Reparation'.^r.6m,.bed, ahd.* board,'
but it doos not divorce." • .\u25a0 • ' '..". \\ '..'..''. ".', .'; . o 
r : •••'Do you approve of the.agitation by women In the -Catholic church in:^
.Yew York, who propo.se to ostracize 4^l divorcees from good society?""- ' ...;" •-
".I thick the idea and the spirit of -the movement are 'all right, but how .
far it caai be carricjd out in ;v practical way Is a question. -Suppose, for in
stance, that Mrs. A. gives a reception and Invites Mrs. B; Ariibng the other
guests at" the reception is Mrs. C. and Mrs. C. is a divorcee. Now,' Mrs. B. a
could hardly know that she would meet Mrs. C.- there/and It will :be : <iulte
impossible for her'to draw the line agalns^the divorcee under those "eireum-"'
stances. Of course, any woman can refuse 'to accept an Invitation from a
divorcee and can refrain from asking a divorcee to her house. . All that is •
• simple enough, but when it comes to so conducting herself in society as to '
keep entirely out of touch with a divorcee, the situation becomes almost
impracticable." .;;•;•.;_ .£•/•\u25a0" \u25a0 . t, "l" l
'Do you think the accumuation of great fortunes has been an incentive
to divorce?" : ' v ' ' -
. . "Undoubtedly, the accumulation of great wealth has been the incentive of all
.kinds of "wrong-doing, divorce among the rest." - ,
' "Do you think that a rich man can be a happy man?" "''\u25a0' ' * '\u25a0 ' ' •\u25a0'' ' '
."It would be a very hard. task. The possession of wealth is an l«olation " ;
Andrew Carnegie once to!d me that the only really' happy days of his life- were
. when he. wat» learning, money .by the sweat of his brow, when his yearly income
only amounted to dollars and not to thousands. • Great wealth brings its oriva
lions and its sufferings. The retribution that trails in. the wake of money mad
ness is the poverty of riches. I can think of nothing more lonesome than a man S
with an immense fortune." " • -, ". . '.. -V r . - \u25a0
RESIGNATIONS
ARE ACCEPTED
Former President Alexander
and Director X. B. Strana
lian Leave Equitable Board
NEW YORK, July 26.— At ir two hours
session of the directors of the Equitable
Life Assurajlce Society to-day the resig
nations of former President James W.
Alexander and Nevada B. Stranahan as
directors was aecepu-d. Paul Morton was
elected president- of the society, retaining,
it is unfierstood, the. chairmanship as
well.- - •• \u0084 - .. .
A special meeting of the directors will
l>e\h«2l<l to-morrow, at whjch additional di
rector? will be tlected and amendments'to
the charter of the society will be adopted.
At to-day's meeting of the directors
; George Victor, of this city, and Ernest
B. Kruttschnitt, of New Orleans; ' welfe
nominated as directors and will be elected
at to-morrow's special meeting. • \u25a0
Victor is a prominent "drygood^ and
' commission ~ merchant of this city and
Kruttfcthnitt is one of the leaders of the
bar in the Southwest. Chalrinan Morton
reported to the directors that in pursu
ance of his policy of retrenchment the
society would effect a savins of $500,000
a year. He submitted a financial report
fos the first six months which was"pro
nnunced very satisfactory by the direct
ors. At to-morrow's meeting tue position
•if chairman may be abolished.' The mat
ttr'of pension* to the widow of H. B.
Hyde 'and others was referred 'to a com
mittee consisting of Directors McCbok,
Whitman anu Zehnder, who will prob
ably rtport thereon 'to-morrow. It is also
understood that ' Mr. Morton's salary as
l>iesidtnt cf the -society will be $80,000.
K. "Ls. ThcrnaLS was elected a .member of
the executive committee, \u25a0 which has not
been fully organized. <• '..
KEADV TO OKGAMZG.
\u25a0 \u25a0
- .Vf« York Lecri»lHtor« Will Investigate
lAfe Innuraucr Buninrati of
\u2666 ROCHESTER. N. Y^ July 26.— State
'Beniitor William Armstrong has' sent
out announcements to his Senatorial
Ifend As-sembly associates, who are to
. serve on the joint legislative coramit
•,iee which la tr> Invesugate'the life in
surance business In this State, that the
I committee will "meet at Albany for or
ganization next Tuesday. If Senator
* "Armstrong's associates agree the com
mittee will organize at once and im
mediately proceed *to New York, where 1
, headquarters will be established -and
counsel elected. He .has already writ
, ten letters to Governor Higgins, State
Superintendent of Insurance Hendricks,
.Attorney . General , Mayer aqd District
Attorney Jerome. asßing tliat they nfeet
with the commitee at an early date.'"?."
Speaking of the~ 'investigation, the
I Senator said:r..« vi , . .
, AH our procetdlntg will be public and -the
, iny^tlsaUon .w!H he- pursued -without any"
other consideration than the discto very of such
tacts as are necessary — or «uch amendments to
j the ones, : ti> t>« eubmi"(tod to the L*r
. lslaturft. as will ineure to tbe policy hold-rn
-^JiHl. ercrj- cert *J)rt' pay .in.- in rnwi-jms over
£Bd atovc what Js -.- needed In careful and
tjruOent m^^aijernent ajj<} the creation and pro-
*-bl . ' necffssar^i mortuat}''. and reserve
fund*, including s^fe and proper investment
-,cf such funds- , shall cc toUbetr credit, alto
*io recommend.* if; the facts Justify, such a
reduction. in premiums as ma^ be found proper
\u25a0 .-.We #hall imp Joy fhe very beet leeal counsel
procurable.
MO.VTWA SHEEP MA.V MUST
PAY HIGH FOR PASTURAGE!
Allows FlockK to 1 . Feed* ''.Icrom*' the
\u0084. Cnnttdian I4nc nod In. Churned
laiOO Duty"
.' 'HELENA, Motit.; July 26. — T\yothou
\u25a0 sand five hundred head of sheep bejong-
Aug to. John McLaren of ,H"a.Vre; :Mont..
have been seized by the Canadian
mounted police and held for double
duty. The duty amounts to $3100. Ow
,lr«g to better range conditions across
•Jj«* i!ne.'ithe sheep men. It Is pfe*um«d, :
r havc Jet stock stray beyond'the'lnter
national ..border.
Lomai ?3.r.(» Unarantroa Mitifn.T
The. quality shoe.' High KrmS»-ahoesnakii3g.*
L'>n.nx J2 50 and $3 50 ehoee for men.' :i6'
Fourth 6tretL gi ifiMiin' i
ONE OF NINETY
DEFENDANTS
Trial of E. LCobbaiL In
. .dieted Tor /Mohtana,;Land
;:Fraud. Is bearing aii End
Eprdal Dispatch to Th« C*il.
I • HELENA, Mont./ July 26.-Good progl"
iress was made to-day in the trial .of
R..M. Cobban, one of about ?0 defendants'
ndicted by the Federal Grand. Jury on
| the charge of perjury and subornation
of perjury in what are known a s the
Western -timber cases. It is
alleged by the Government j that these
persons secured land from the Govern
ment under the Timber and Stone a"t
.under a prearranged plan and turned
; them over to Cobban, who in turn deedi
jed them to Senator W. A. Clark. Son
, ator Clark, however, was awarded - a
[clear .title by Judge Knowles and this
| was affirmed by. the Court of Appeals at
San Francisco, thus absolving the Sen
i ator from collusion. Tlhj lands are very
[valuable for timber purposes. The trial
{ began yesterday and included among the
j defendants are persons in all walks of
r Ufe. The Government is represented by
; Special Counsel F. E. Maynard of Michl
1 gan. ' . . . .
! .When the Cobban trial was resumedln
!the Federal Court this morning Judge
Hunt announced his ruling oh the objec
tion raised by the defense yesterday to
permitting C, U Qriswold. ."the Govern
ments star witness, testifying as to his
location of others upon public land be 1
rides- Lenet Bryan (now Mrs.' Blanchard)'
Bell Bryan. Thomas. Bfyan and Ed Leh
man, four parties mentioned in one
transaction- In the -indictment' The
court overruled the objection, holding
the- questions competent. " "
In order to accommodate a number of
Bitter Root farmers who wished to tes
tify and return to attend to. their -crops)
the further examination of.GriswoJd was
deferred and -tRe-'erttrymen in"
: were called to the stand, after former,
i Registrar iGeorge D. Greene" of 'the: HeU
| ena Land Office, who was -brought ''from
I Burlington. Wash/; testified:' He recalled
I that Leliet Bryan, or Mrs. Blanchard
j made a declaratory statement before, htm
i in June. 1599, under the Stone and Timber
act, to file on land in Deer Lodge County.
Witness, picked /put the Blahchard • wo-
I man in- the court-room. The defense
j objected to the/ Introduction of the de
claratory s^tatetne'rit, .but'th'e 1 court
ruled the objection, reserving the-Vight
to change his ruling if later the defense
Is able tp cite, authorities. : \u25a0
Mrs.- Blanchard, was then called to
..the stand. 'Before she coqjd: reply to the
first question, asked ;by Maynard the dc'
fense : objected^ on the ground" that-- she
is* und'er.lnaictment And any answers she
rnade.mSght'tend.tti'incriminate her! The
«6urt \u25a0 t<jld tfer -she might answer ;ques
tlonaj orjrnot.'.as ghev desired, advising her
o/fjhv rig hla." '«.-.*>. t- • . : ; '-
.. -Asked r:I/j-.her-,r :I/j-. her-, signature was on the'
declaratory^ statement, - she refused 'to
answer.:- •\u0084V/ . v..-V; \\ \u25a0'
Lccina'ra' •* Bacre'tt of /ilissoula -was- then
called,.. "JAb he: is. also under Indictment
for perjury, , Maynard asked " that the iij
dictment against him benolled. Witness,
was then asked about making* a de*clara
tcry statement and filing, upon the?land.
He identified his signature on. the de
claratory statement, an. MUoKl'Of .filing up"
oh the' land ; and *of disposing* bf.lft "to
Griswoia after acquiring a patent. >;' . *- x "
Thomas McConnell ' of Clearwater also*
testified after the Indictment against' h Jm.
had j be^en # noHed. ; He Identified • the de
claratory statement, told of filing on' the
land and that Wallace, Smitn' had
natd him:slso forhls claim.v"; r '
In CharsTP of Wnbanh Synteni.
, -.DECATUR, 111., July^e.-r^Stephen'E.'
Cotter of. this city has been appointed
general superintendent of the Wabash"
system, succeeding " S. T. Ma'g'ee." • who'
will resign August 1 on account 'of ill
health.,. . ; , ; * -•• \it r.
CHICAGO.. July 2G.— The Chicago Cltjl. Ralf.
i&ay Company to-day filed a btllin the United
,Si a te« ; Circuit Court for ' an injurrctlon x'to -iv_
,strMn t*e,city, of Chicago from lnterferine
.with "anjr of : the company's lines. The < mv.'
•nlcjpal owrtrt-rhip ordlnance'pasped by'the city'
Council last March is attacked ' as beln« an.
THE SAN( FRANGISGO/iGALL-^HURSDAY^yiJLY 27, 1005.
COLLINS FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
Disgraced Attorney Is ; Ac
i .tciised of -Haying Tampered
: With Prosecuting Witness
DENIES THE ALLEGATION
Court Will Investigate the
Matter and Lawyer May
Be Punished for Contempt
VICTORIA, ;B.C, July 26.— Frank Hig
glns, representative of the State of Cali
fornia in "the extradition proceedings
against George.D. Collins,: wanted at San
Francisco for perjury, stated to Judge
Lampraan this afternoon that Collins had
used the liberty given him by the police
to -.' tamper with the witnesses for the
prosecution, and the matter had been
bw>u&hti,to, the attention of Justice Duff,
who might proceed agairst him for con
tiempt of court- The statement was made
in reply to an application for further
;!iber.ty for Collins by his coynsel, H. D.
Helineken, at the conclusion- of to-day's
proeeedirgs. ' " / •
.Jrlelmcken stated that Collins had been
at liberty with, a special officer detailed
to' watch him until 10 p. m. daily. when
the witnesses' came" from San Francisco,
and- yesterday "tie was ordered -to return
to. the city jail at 6 p. m. 'Application then
to Judge fLampman- secured him .further
liberty, .until to p. -m... It was. necessary
for consultation i regarding . the .. case at
this stage. that liberty, be .given Collins
in the evening. ' *
As'"iri v the Oaynor-Greene case the "fugi
tives were allowed to remain at their hotel
at night accompanied ;by officers, Collins
belng ; willing to pay the expense of addi
tional qmcere. Since the.' officer/?.. 0f the
'courts came from" San .Francisco" at
tempts' had", i made to. unnerve and
irritate Collins by-, the^ police" and* more
o\'er /the'room in which he was confined
at' tlie jail was not well ventilated and
allowed undesirables incarcerated there
to .roam about his place of confinement.,
; ' r t^vmpicrs wii'h witness.
• Higgins replying said Collins had been
given «very latitude, but had last night
taken, advantage of the liberty given him
to tamper .with one of the- witnesses of
the prosecution. . 1 ue- matter, had been
.brought .to.- the attention of Justice Duff
and he . might proceed fifgainst the ac
qused, for .cont'emnjt . of juourt. \u0084 .. '\u25a0
Collins- Interpellafed, "There's hardly a
word ot tiU't'h- Jn.that'.'account." . ."'.
. -Higgins replied,. '"Will .you produce the
statement you. got from Mr. Henry, the
notaiy?" ", .. ... - -
Collins, said he had been given a
statement by Henry voluntarily, Judge-
Lampman said he 'could not g^ive. lati
tude to anyjone to, interfere with wit
nesses, as had seemingly been done," and
apparently, the liberty' he had ordered
for -.Collins the previous evening had
been taken advantage of. , He refused
.the : . application.. 'Since then an extra
officer, lias been,. detailed: to assist in
guarding. Collins.. \u25a0' ' ' , . \u0084 • '•
The .afternoon session ' of the "court
was a. brief one,. being spiel y devoted; to
fuvthe'r. f . testimony by. R.. V. Whiting,
Assistant District, Attorney, of San
Francisco, who stated, that the affidavit
made by Collins in- falsely swearing to
the -marftegti Wftft' Collins:
coil s*t i tut ecf 'per j v ry^ u n def•*t h e ' la w . o£ .
•California!.'' CoTliii's "objected "and, said)
he would argne the'-law-* on that.spointj
later.-- \u25a0!,.:.-_ ..-, ?.;r . ,i»;.,V c. -.1?
DKXIES THE; CHARGE.
* With". reference, tothe^hecusation that
he tampered with Notarjr'Public Henry,
• a witrress -sent from-.-San- Francisco to
give, evidence against him on the per
jury charge for which- his extradition
Is "sought; Collins said to-night he
wouia 'demand in Judge Lampman'3
court to-morrow' that an investigation
be made into the charge. He f aid he
asked Henry to give him a statement
embodying a report of the evidence
Henry had given regarding the-affidavit
sworn to before him, which was the af
fidavit upon which the charge.;is based,.
Ttie accused had dictated the statement
to a stenographer and Henry signed it
and gaye 1 it to the accused. -• •\u25a0.
Henry had ( demurred about giving it
after he' Rigned instating his- commission
might'ibe taken from him at San Fran
cisco, and" the accused had told him h^;
had an appointment; at the library to
look up 'authorities ; to cite.befpre Justice
Duff. • This morning he was asked by his
counsel' If he- secured a' statement from'
Hehry by telling him Justice Duff wanted
it^ and he' had replied that he had not,
but was given the statement by Henry
voluntarily^ He had. got: this statement
so that in the event of being before a
coiirt in San' Francisco- he. could produce
it to hold- Henrys \u25a0' to' the. evidence he had
given now. The prosecution. Collins said,
has charged that he secured the. stater
merit from Henry by telling the witness
Justice Duff wanted It. . Henry had not
asked for its return, but Thomas CurranJ
an attorney, who came as a 'witness from'
San Francisco, had 'asked -him" to return
it to Henry and he had refused. • r '
* SACRAMENTO, .< July 26.— Private Sec*
retiary -to "Governor Par'de^ \u25a0A. B. Nye
to-day • received -a letter- from the Acting
Secretary of State ,at Washington in
forming .him that at. the request of the
California authorities the President has
issued his- warrant and recluesf for the
surrender of George D. Collins at Vie*
toria'lothe California agent, and that the
documents have been sent to the Cana
dian -' Governmtnt through the proper
niinlsterial channels. •: : \u25a0 \u25a0>
HoldW One of Collins' Notes.
MARYSVIL.LK, July26.— G. A. White,
admirlistrator of the estate of the lata
Janette '. W. Dunn,' has,: petitioned the
Superior Court- of Butte County for p,er
mlsslon to sell a" note for $500, alleged
to have been given Mrs. Dunn by.tJeorge
D. Collins) .the: San Krancisqo attorney,
who Ul fighting -extradition for perjury
in Victoria, B.C. •-''. \u25a0'.
ARMY' ORDERS.
-;•;\u25a0 ! WASHINGTON*,"; JuIy \u25a0 26.— Army or,
ders: Sergeant, first-class,., John R.
\u25a0Sands, Hospital- Corps, Jeff erson > Bar 7
•racks,- to'jbe "sent to .the, depot.-, of ' re
\u25a0Cruits and ; casuals;.-" Fort.' McDowell,
•report to 'the.- commanding, officer, to be
*«ent ; to ,the-. Philippine^ lslands , on ;the
transport leaving Sani,Francis.c6 about
August. 6 i 'upon arrival at Manila % to re
port- to« the commanding peneral'of the
Philippines Division fqr jissignment to
! duty." '. Sergeant ; William. v"J.,- ; Costelio;
Company A. F.icst: Battalion Engineers!
now -fl.t^ Armj':an,d.-NavyvGeneEar.Hospi
; tal,.Hot Springs.; Ark., to be! sent to the
Presidio of- San ,PrancJsco, ; reporting. tq !
the commahdi ng'ofncer,'. who; will : send
him by , the .first; available transport^.to
the Philippine. Islands; -upon arrival at
Manila ;.wlll report to ',the commanding
.oflicer.or hi-%company for duty. First
lieutenant", John? E.-v Herrtphill. : Signal
Corps,- will; proceed from Nome tb'Falr
.banks. Alaska;; on! temporary •\u25a0duty" per-
Jlaining.. to ' supervising/ general 3 repairs'
.of j the ; telegraph system ; '\u25a0 he will ; return'
'•.t,O;NomeJ.whenev'er\hls ; eery fees can 'bo
spared/'* : " ';*';'/:• .'':'.' :.I:V*: .1 : V* .:""' c'.?}f-
Drummer* '-Elects Officers.
\u25a00 PUT.-IN-BA,V, "Ohlo.-i JulyA2€u^At.- the'
final session of the International:Feder
ation{of: Commercial. Travelers'. Organi
zations £o- dajv thc/>fol)owingl:- -officers
,were,«vlected:.vPresident,!{Carey.'McPher
.son;*.lndianapbljß; A-lce president." George-
S,;i Dana. ,!Ut lea : i secietary-ireasurer. A:
LA FOLLETTE WANTS TO SEE
STUYVESANT FISH HANG.
Poor Trai n Se rvrce
\u25a0 Wisconsin 1 ;
S ;:GoveririGr^^^^ ;
Rockefeller Scored
|;in^ ? :Le<iture-^ito : \u25a0* .
Bpecial . Dispatch to Tb» Call.
i :-GALESB URG, . 111.. July 26.— "1 believe
thp t truly>representative character of our
Government is in greater peril than at
any-time in the history of this coun
try.^, r said Governor La \u25a0 Follette - of -Wis
consin, this evening, in speaking at the
Chautauqua. upon the subject '.'Railrpads
and'; Machine Politics." >, : - '-,:
"\u25a0\"Xf6'u have a' pretty' fair. "law in 111!-"
rfoisjon freight rates', but it is not being
enforced. \u25a0You; should bring your rail
road commissioners to time." ". -:'
"'Speaking /of Rockefeller, 1 , he said:
• '^Rockefeller • giv«&Me-ts -of money. - but
he.-.is^n.: all kinds.q£, business,- strangling
and. throttling;;one after" another,';, arid if
h§ 'could" :"Hve - a T million .years lie' could
nor!/; expiate %he. ?- crimes • committed '/ in
robbing his competitors." •:- - -V- \u25a0'•
'Spfjakjngr.of the accommodations he;had
on a strain in lowa, he said:'
GOVERNOR OF -WISCONSIN- AND THE RAILROAD MAGNATE IN HANGING
: .WHOM. HE \VOUI,D LIKE TO ASSIST BECAUSE .OF THE POOR TRAIN
SERVICE ON THE ILLINOIS CENTRAL SYSTEM.
' ;: "I" should like t6 have the job of hang
ing' Stuyvesant; Fish, president 'of the
'.Illinois Central! '^for obliging people to
\u25a0 rtd-e' in such 'a- manner." •••\u25a0 '' •'' '-' \u25a0'
A*ALI>EJO YE '> SONS HOLD- j
H ." IXSTALIiATibX "AJib :.. BASrQ,UET
Members of the 'Parlor Are Making Ex
: tensive ' Preparations for the Ad- .
... niliKloii "bay Celebration. ;
'\u25a0 VALLEJ'O.;Juiy.26.— The new officers
of'Vallejo Parlor No. 77,,- Native Sons
of the Golden West, were installed last
evening in San Pablo Hall by District
Deputy Grand President Robert EV
Flynn of St Helena.;, .Following the
ceremonies . there ; was a" banquet, at'
which H. T. Stevens .acted as .toast
mastter. The Natives are : making
preparations to : : charter a .. special train
to\ carry them to. the .Admission day
celebration at Sacramento. '
V Tlie officers are: Past president, W.J.
Tormey; presideht, H..G. Frey; first vice
president, Thomas yiice Jr.; second vice
president. A. S. Halliday; third vice
president. G.'E. 1 Daniels; financial - sec
retary, T. J.O'Hara; treasurer, W. J.
Tormey; marshal, Joseph Clavo; trus
tee, G. G. Hulllday; surgeon, F.*T. Bond.
SWRARS C HANGES WERE MADE
IN THE DALLES LAND OFFICE
Witness for Prosecution Gives Impor
r lant Testimony lv the Vyilllanison- ..
\u25a0" " "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 GcMnncr-BigriEM Casel
../PORTLAND,. July . 26.— 1n 'the .Wll
•lianison-Gessncr-Biggs case -to-day
Witness: JeiT D. Evans for the prose
ciitlpn;stated, that he had.never re
quested or authorized a change in the
numbers on hisoriglnal' entry, applica-,
\u25a0tioti. The- changes .were made in the
Land Office at The.: Dalles at the insti
gation of Biggs, who stated that Evans
had made,' the request. -A
note for $436 in favor of Gessner, bear T
ing. Evans" signature, was introduced.
Witness said the signature was his. but
Uhat he had never ; knowingly .signed a
promissory note in; favor of Gessner. ;?
! . Beard was another witness and
admitted that : wheh" he made" his. filing
'h'e.intervded to let Dr.Gessner: have the
, land when he acquired title thereto.-
FILES: SUIT, FOR 1*600,000 ; ;
- AGAINST HARVESTER TRUST
Attorney General of ; Arkansas Wants
v • Heavy Daniaee* for Alleged \ lola-
tibna of ; Ne vr j Low*
LIME ROCK, Ark., : July 26.—Attor
ney General Rodgers has filed suit 'ln
the Pulaski \ County -Circuit, Court
against". "the : 'lnternational ".Harvester
Company-, for I penalties - aggregating
$600,000 for.' alleged infringement of the
anti-trust' law -passed at^th'e" last ses
sl9n , of V the .General •\u25a0Assembly. :; ;i Th<s
.complaint , recites -tlrkt" the company: Is
a monopoly:withln the intent and mean
ing: of the act. for the. purpose, of regu
lating the prices of harvesters and fix - v
ing their output. '.. ; . -•
DIRECTORS REFUSE TO
* ' ; . ."' GRANT-'THEIH PETITION
Chicago' Brokers Wnnt Board of Trade
to' Permit' Speculation , In Puts
'..:'.' V;-, /land,' Call*. ':'-, ' '.- ''-.:. ' \u25a0-
CHICAGO, July*; 26.— The ; directors of
the' Board" oosf s Trade; have -refused to
grant ; a petition ; to; abolish , the; penalty
for- violating : the rule -go verningi' trad-^
Irigitn' puts and 'calls.*;-: The^penalty^is
eq.uivalent \ to. r exjiulsion -^om ? ihe '; ex
change. " ,The petition- was: signed < by:
rnany.-^ brokers: -.iThose ' whoi-sotight to
hav^e ,the : rule.: changed held'that'Minne
ap~Qlis;and.\MHwaukeej;'.whereUhP\tra'd-":
lng^iniput^ and; calls iSjlegal,^ are taking
too tnuch* : .speculative , business : from \ the"
Chicago exchange. , " « , .'. '\ \[] , .. v
\u25a0( hicaßO Han, Xew Police Chief.
i-^CHICAGO , ; July. 26— Mayo^vDuntie^
to : day.' appointed John : M.'j Collins. Chief J
of jPolice vice F.'M.-^ O'Nelll.l resigned^ a.
few^days ago.; "The new Chief >has risen \u25a0
f rpm ;c the \ ranks.\ : . He J.wasi'ai patrol man "f
Jiu tJieJ front; line fofr police; at; the! time *
tliejahiu-chistybombv was'^thrown^ in -•
:H: H ay market sauare ; , many years, ago! - 1.1
SK¥NK: ON THE E0A1) :
AN ACCIDENT
Frightens, Team Attached to
Stage and; Passenger
Is Injured.
Epeclal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
: FRESNO. July 26.— A' skunk in the
road caused, the overturning c-f a stage
on ' its .'way to Deer" Creek Hot Springs.
The .passengers were thrown out, and
one of them, Frank Zallad, sustainecl.a
frac-ture of the collarbone. The stage
went down/ the grade and was only
prevented 'from rolling down a 100-~
foot precipice, by' a clump of brush,
against which it lodged luckily. Word
of the .accident was received .here to
day. : The mountain trail was narro\y
and. the -precipice steep. At- a sharp
turn' the skunk "jumped' from 'a bush
at.'tho very nose of. the near leader and
the . team became unmanageable.
lk^ § iREGULAR PRICES PLAINI^^ADK^
\ y I TROUSERS <^§)tO^^^2^^
rVße^ _ For Fail: trade we want all new styles and patterns—hence
tfo'p mnl V f B' : Every garment (except evening clothes) marked down one-
ine most :Styusn BB •"' • "' '\u25a0 \u25a0 ° - •, . • ,-
patterns, and : de-_ w third . to make them go quickly.
Hit L< Llt Iv. (S2i r KAIN lV
SAYS OLD VOLCANO
WILL 1 BREAK FOETH
Itinerant Evangelist Predicts
Destruction of Hood
Eiver Valley.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PORTLAND. July 25.— "Between tha
27th of July and the 10th day of Au
gust the smoldering- volcano 'of Mount
Hood will break forth •in eruption,
lending showers of molten lava broad
cast over the land; there shall also be
floods of such magnitude- that the
whole- of the Hood River valley will be
Inundated, and every man, woman and
child who remains therein shall be
drowned." -.. ' v-:.'v -:.' ..' \u25a0•*<?\u25a0"
--Such is the prophecy uttered at Hood"
River the other evening by an itinerant
evangelist' calling himself the "Second
Daniel* and claiming to come from the
Wiliamette^Vflll,*x,. I ;,T,he < ,o4d man,, has,
.made. a. (number; ;of;r. converts c_ta,- his
"\u25a0weird rreligion. and many, others,- fear».
Ing -thatc- the prppheey,. will .come -true,'!
have already} made.;j.t. an to- ab-'
sjpnt.t hem selves^^.f^orn.theto^rnandvaiy
•ley, .-fearing -, the \u25a0- dire, "catastrophe
prophesied may. actually come, true." ''
SUSAN B. ANTHONY MAKES iv A^r
; A BRIEF STOP AT SAN JOSE
Delivers Addrrss Urging: Her Hearers
\u25a0 to Keep Up Work of Acitntlon
for Equal Suffrage.
" SAN JOSE. July 26. — Susan B. An
thony, on her way to Los Angeles,
stayed a brief time in this city this
.morning and was welcomed at tbe depot
by large delegations from the Woman's
Club and the Equality Club. In a brief
address of thanks Miss Anthony urged
her hearers to keep up the. work of
agitation for equal suffragoe.
LONDON", July 2ti.— U«orge . Meredith. Sir
George Newnes. Sir Gilbert Parker. Sic Arthur"
Conan Doyle and other prominent personages
in- the literary we»t<i have formed a committee
to ra!se a fund In behalf of the late Bret
Harte'e. daughter.^Ethet, , whose health has be
come seriously undermined.
TRAILS INDIANS
AND FINDS MINE
Former Coloradan Locates
a .Rich District in the
Wilds of Old Mexico
OUTWITS THE NATIVES
American Succeeds in Fol
lowing Them After Many
Had Tried and Failed
Special Dlspatcb to Til* Call.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. July 26.-Ono
of the richest mines ever discovered in
Mexico has been located by E J. Klm
ball, formerly well known as a miner
here.
Klmball was one of the pioneers In tho
Cripple Creek district and staked some
of the best claims on Bull Hill, but, afte£^
; the big fire. he. went to Mexico and set- i
tied in Guanajuato. i
For .years several native Indians havd
sold rich are to Guanajuato
and although Americans attempted to fol
low them to the place where they secured
it. no one bad ever been successful.
Kimball. however, with hired Mozos,
tracked the Indians, following the ' trail
after nightfall and resting cfuietly out oC
sight in the daytime. He tracked them,
to the rich ore body, -watched them gath
er up several hundred pounds of the pre
cious metal, and. when they had gone,
he placed In position his monuments ami
took np the claim. Two • weeks ago ha
returned, carrying with him 5W pounds of
ore that will average a little more than
$1000' to the ton. "• - " -V
According to the tatter, the ore bofly i* .
several hundred • feet wide and forty -feet
detp and there is already thousands of
tons in sight. ,: * "
MAKES EAPID TIME
WITH WOUNDED MAN
Fresno Train Covers Ninety,
Miles in Seventy-Five
Minutes. . - '
Special Dispatch to Tbo Call.
FRESNO. July 2S.— An accident \u25a0 fol
lowed by a tedious wait for extrication
from machinery which was crushing hiar
bones, a painful trip of ten miles in a jolt
ing-wagon, then, a hurricane night rld»
on a special train to town, fell to the lot
o? James Rodgera of Coallnga, within the
past twenty-four hours. \u0084 .. .
Rodgers was a driller at one- of tha
Tavern Oil Company's wells and Tuesday
evening was caught in the belting and
drawn into the pumping wheel. He re
mained there for three hours, while his
partner waiked ten miles to Coallnga for
assistance. When Rodgers was taken out,
it was found that one of his' legs" and
three ribs were broken. Fellow ' work
men raised a purse of $130 and sent for
a special train, which made the return
trip of ninety miles to Fresno in 75 min
utes. Arriving here. Rodgera was oper
ated on and it is expected th<U he will
recover. .... \ r . ,'.'. 5 '
• \u25a0 • --~ - - • "•\u25a0ivi
FRESIUE>T A.\b. Hh.SOSJ' ]
- • \u25a0-.-: .: :-'.: -'. C.in P. « lS' ; TIUR, .WOO OS
* t •-•\u25a0-. -. - - ... 4 ' \u25a0* -\u25a0• \u25a0 T"*
Partnke of a .- Breakrnut uf.TheirlOvm
\u25a0i . Cooklnc ,\lt*r a .Mght ioi^'f /
- - tbe Open. ; \u25a0\u25a0• •« . -•• .
OYSTER BAY. July 2S. — It developed
late this afternoon that * President
Roojsevelt, accompanied by Ills sons — •
Theodore Jr., Kermlt | and Archie— and
some of their cousins, went la^t.'nighc
on' another camping expedition. Just
before dusk last evening the;l>arty- left
| Sagamore Hill, and, entering, boats at
| the bathing beach, rowed to.a segues
\u25a0 tered spot a few. miles from 'the -Presi
dent's home. The party had a delight
ful outing, not differing materially
'•\u25a0 from that which they enjoyed a. few
nights ago. - . ,- ».: . ;. ,
The President and his. yomvg:-. com
panions returned to Sagamore Hill
early this morning after, a breakfast of
their own cooking in the open. \ lt. was
reported this afternoon thai. Mrs
Roosevelt and several othei^ ladles ac-^
companied the. party, but this state
ment was without foundation. '.'..". ,JAPAN'S PEACE TERMS ARE MADE
KNOWN IN WASHINGTON.
Indemnity to Cover
the Full Cost of
the War.
Manchuria Will Be
Given Back to
China.
"Yes 'or "No" Must
Be the Answer
of Russia.
"WASHINGTON. July 25.— Whether there
* to be peace in the Far East or a con
tinuance of the war will be practically
decided at the first 'ausiness meeting of
the Washington conference, which will
convene at the navy yard. Portsmouth.
N. H., about August 5. Baron Komura
will on that occasion communicate to M.
de Witte »he essentials of Japan's peace
terms, for further negotiations.
This, it is declared, will not be done
in a spirit of defiance. Indeed, there are
many evidences in the possession of the
neutral governments that Japan is com
ing to the Washington conference, not
Jmbued with a desire to humiliate Rus
sia, but only to exact terms which will
Insure a lasting peace in the Far East,
and which will, in a measure, compensate
Japan for the financial losses in the
present conflict.
Throughout the preliminary negotia
tions, however, Japan has made it clear
at Washington that she wishes to avoid
unnecessary, tedious negotiations.
"We are not going to the conference to
write into the law of nations a new chap
ter," said a high Japanese official re
cently. "For this reason the Japanese
plenipotentiaries will adopt the pro
gramme of at once laying on the confer
ence table those terms, the acceptance of
which, without modification, they are In
structed to insist^_upon as a basis for
further negotiations."
THKSE ARE JAPAN'S DEMANDS.
Although guarding with great care the
official statement of her terms, Japan
has not kept from several friendly gov
ernments the character of these terms.
Official "Washington has been enabled to
form •within certain limits a general idea
ot their character.
It is known that Japan will demand an
indemnity that will approximately cover
the cost of the war to date. This was
communicated to Russia early in the pre
liminary negotiations. The amount is still
a secret, but it. is >ased upon the most
careful estimates of the cost of the
war and will be accompanied by a more
detailed statement shewing the method
by which the actual figures were com
puted. It will not fall far short of one
billion dollars, according to advices reach-
Ing here from well-informed sources.
Besides the Indemnity. It is believed
Japan's other essentials to the contlnu-
Bnce of the negotiations are the cession
to Japan of Saghallen and the transfer
of the Russian lease of the Liaotung Pen
tneula and of the railway, as far as
Harbin; the recognition of Japan's pre
dominating Influence in Korea and the
return cf Manchuria to China.
If the Russian plenipotentiaries are pre
pared to accept these essentials, the of
ticials here are confident that the basis
uill be laid for negotiations cure to lead
to the signing of the treaty of Washing
ton, bringing peace in the Far East.
. RESTORATION OF MANCHURIA.
As for the subjects remaining to be
aiscussed, a tedious one, it is believed,
»nd one on which Russia will be dis
posed to negotiate with the greatest cau
tion, is the programme for the restora
!ion of Manchuria to Chinese control.
Because of the confusion and the gen
eral disorder likely to ensue in the. prov
ince on the withdrawal of the foreign
urmies. Japan believes that a certain
time will be required in which to restore
public order and the establishment of a
regular system of Chinese police admin
istration. During this period, 'Japan will
Insist that she remain in control of the
administration of the province, at the
Fame time giving a definite pledge finally
to evacuate as soon as China shall be
in a position to take up the reins of the
government there and maintain ' order.
The policy to be suggested by Japan in
this matter will not be unlike the Wash
ington Government in reference to Cuba,
troops being withdrawn from the Island
rs soon as a stable government was in
control of the situation.
A second subject for the plenipoten
tiaries to settle will be the surrender of
all the Russian ships now interned In
neutral ports. Some are Inclined to be
lieve that this demand will form one of
the "essentials." while others claim
ground for believing that Russia may in
duce Japan to take these In part pay
ment of the indemnity.
STATUS OF VLADIVOSTOK.
Europe believes Japan will demand the
neutralization of Vladivostok. The Wash
ington Government does not chare in this
belief. Indeed, in official circles here the
statement is made without hesitation that
euch a demand would not be "moderate"
or "reasonable" and it Is known that
Russia will not permit the subject of
Vladivostok to come before the confer
ence. Rather than submit to Japan's dic
tation on this point, Russia has let It be
known that she would certainly continue
the war.
Little progress has been made in the
direction ol an armistice. London has
not seen its wav clear to aid the Presi
dent in his efforts to this end, and Japan
has in the most determined manner indi
cated her unwillingness to consent to an
armistice until her plenipotentiaries have
met the Russians In conference. The
object of this, it Is explained in an
authoritative quarter, is that Japan
wishes to be assured that Russia, is pre
pared to negotiate In seriousness for
peace before the Japan commanders yield
any of their ground in the field or. give
the Russians time to increase their forces
at the front.
HO3IURA TO VISIT OYSTER BAY.
Will Ue Informally Received by the
President To-Day.
NEW YORK, Ju,y 26. — Baron Ku
mura and Minister Takahira. the Jap
anese peace plenipotentiaries, will
make an informal visit, to President
Roosevelt to-morrow. This announce
ment was made this afternoon when
Minister Takahira arrived from a trip
to Oyster Bay to offlctally notify the
President of the arrival of his colleague
in the negotiations with ' Russia for
peace. Only the two principals of the
delegation will go to Oyster Bay. to
morrow, the other members of the suite
remaining in this city to transact the
business of the commission,- of which
there is a great volume.
The two plenipotentiaries .will, leave
this city at 11 o'clock and it Is under
stood they will return late at night.
• Upon his return from Orster Bay to
cay i*xlnistcr Takahira went directly to
th« .^Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, . where ihe
remlaned In conference with Baron Ko
mura for several hours. After the .de
parture of Minister Takahira, Baron
Komura spent the evening In his apart
ments.
During the day there was a number
of callers and many cards were left for
the Baron, but he is accessible only to
hig suite and a few personal friends.
A report that Crown Prince Yoshl
hito of Japan died last May, the news
of his demise having been withheld for
state reasons, reached Baron Komura
to-night, and the Baron asked the press
to declare the rumor to be without
foundation in fact. The following note
was sent to the Associated Press:
"The report has absolutely no foun
dation. I wwisth t you would be good
enough to deny it on the strength of
my authority. -"
"BARON J. KOMURA."
» —
INFLAMES MASSES AGAINST JEWS.
Extraordinary Proclamation Issued by
Odessa's Governor.
ODESSA, July 26. — The Governor of
Odessa has issued an extraordinary
proclamation, which may have the ef
fect of increasing the already bitter
feeling against the Jews among the
tioops and more ignorant classes of the
population. The Governor says he has
received a number of anonymous let
ters from persons designating them
selves as socialists, which he has ig
nored, believing that in many cases
these communications were Inspired by
motives of personal vengeance. The
proclamation continues:
"Letters have also come from the
Jews charging the police with prepar
ing for a Jewish massacre.".
The Governor then declares that such
action I? not possible, but he adds:
"The Governor is astonished at the
Jews addressing such letters to him,
knowing that It is the Jews themselves
who caused all the disorders. The po
lice invariably found revolvers and
prohibited literature in Jewish houses.
But for the Jews there would have
been no disturbances and' no Knlaz
Potemkine affair. Now the Jews have
the impertinence to bring charges
against the police." '/'\u25a0"-':
PLEASED WITH SATO'S TALK.
Russians Believe It Indicates Modera
tion in Japan's Terms.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26. — The in
terview of Aimar Sato, spokesman for
Baron Komura, in New York on Tues
day was published here to-day and was
received with pleasure in many quar
ters as indicating that the Japanese are
not disposed to insist upon terms which
Russia will be unable to accept.
Mild surprise was expressed at the
Foreign Oflice and several of the em
bassies, however, at the frank intima
tion that Japan would demand an in
demnity and there was even a disposi
tion to criticise the Japanese dele
gate for mentioning the subject, though
that this would be one of the Japanese
conditions has-been taken for granted
and the special dispatches from Berlin
and Paris connected M. de Witte's con
ference with German and French finan
ciers as being for the purpose of sound
ing the markets on the prospects of is
suing an indemnity loan.
TAFT RECEIVED BY MIKADO.
Japanese Court Presents Brilliant Spec-
tacle During; the Ceremonies.
TOKIO, July 26. — The Emperor and
Crown Princess of Japan to-day received
in audience and entertained at luncheon
the official members of the party of
Secretary of War Taft, Shortly before
noon Secretary Taft was driven to the
Imperial Palace ¥in the state carriage.
Lloyd C. Griscom, the American Minis
ter to Japan, escorted Miss Alice Roose
velt to the palace. Crowds of people
line d the walks during the passage of
the distinguished visitors along the
streets to the palace.
At the palace the Imperial Princes
and Princesses, attended by: the royal
personages of the Emperor's household,'
the military and naval staffs, members
of the Cabinet and the Council of
Statesmen, assisted in the reception of
Secretary Taft and his party. .
"'Minister Griscom made the presenta
tions to the Emperor, while Madam
Griscom performed a like office when
! the visitors appeared before the Crown,
Princess, • who represented the Empress,
the visitors appeared before the Em
press.
• -The court presented a brilliant spec
tacle during the ceremonies.
After, the presentations, all proceeded to
the banquet hail, where the Emperor sat
at the head. of the large table In the cen
ter, with the Crown Princess on his right,
and Princess Kanln on *\u25a0 his left, : The
Princes Fushimi ' and Kanln were seated
o neither side of Secretary Taft and Miss
Roosevelt. ; Minister Griscom and Mrs.
Griscom were seated directly • oppo
site'the Emperor. The other members of
the .party were seated on the ] right i and
left, according to order of precedence. J
A garden party succeeded the luncheon.
The Emperor ordered his private park
opened ; and the,. Americans • were driven
through the grounds. The pans was com
pleted 30 1 years ago and no foreigners
were ever before admitted to it.
< Premier Katsura banquetted Secre
tary Taft and the members , of his party
at the ; Imperial ; Hotel to-night, 1 Madame
Takahira, the k wife ; of the \u25a0 Japanese "Em
bassador in .Washington, acting *as % hos-"
tcss.';' ; The dining hall was: decorated^ with
the : national colors of "Japan' and "America. :
Premier Katsura\ accompanied Miss
THE SAN FRANCISGO; GALL, yTHURSDAY, 1 : JULY 27, 1.905:
HOTEL WEXTWORTH, PORTS
MOUTH, WHERE THE PEACE
ENVOYS WILL, BE HOUSEb.
Roosevelt to the banquet and . Secretary
Taft accompanied Madame Takahira.
Premier Katsura proposed, in a toast,
the health of , President Roosevelt, and
Minister Griscom proposed the health of
the EmDeror, amidst the cheers of the
Americans.. , ' •• . • : ;
Premier Katsura, in proposing the
health of Miss Roosevelt and- Secretary
Taft Jointly, said that the reception given
Secretary Taft and the members of his
party was a tribute of Japan's respect
for President Roosevelt. ReferringHo the
visit of Commodore Perry to Japan he
said that America was Japan's sponsor.
Secretary Taft, in responding, congratu
lated Japan on It 3 marvelous progress
during the Dast'^half century and ex
pressed the hope that the friendly rela
tions between the two countries would
always exist.
JAPANESE LAND IN SIBEHIA.
Cat Off the Escape of Russians From
Saghallen t Island.
ST. PETERSBURG." July 27.—Dis
patches from Manchuria report the
landing of a Japanese battalion and
the capture of a lighthouse on the Si
berian coast near Dekastries, a port
formerly called Alexandrovsk, 700 miles
north of Vladivostok, after a prelimi
nary shelling by torpedo-boat destroy
ers. *
Military officials here attach import
ance to the episode -only in connection
with the Saghalien; campaign and say
that as the landing was effected at a
place, where the Straits of Tartary, be
tween Shaglien and the mainland, are
the' narrowest, it apparently is part of
the strategy of the Japanese to prevent
the escape of the Russian garrison in
Saghallen across the straits. They add
that ' the landing, is too far north to
have any bearing on the Manchurian
campaign or operations against Vladi
vostok.
LONDON, .July. 27.— The Japanese land
ing at Dekastries, which is the terminus of
the only cable line /connecting the main
land with the island of Saghalien, is re
garded by the London morning news
papers as an attempt, to seize the mouth
of the Amur River in order to enable the
Japanese 1 to dispatch an "army up that
great waterway for the purpose of threat
ening; the Russian communication. Jap
anese gunboats .and torpedo boats could
thus reach Harbin and? give effective as
sistance to any attack on the Russian
fortifications. i x '
FIGHTING OSTHB TUMEN.
Japanese -Are.' Vigorously Attacking
. the Russian Positions. A
LONDON, July 26.— A dispatch to the
Telegraph , from >Qsaka- says it Is re
ported that a Japanese army number
ing: many thousands is now vigorously
attacking the. Russian positions on the
Turaen Rivef. \u25a0; ; •
The Japanese troops at the front are
in good spirits. ; All Japanese civilians
except; canteen; attendants have been
sentito tho rear. ; General' Teasel has
arrived at Newchwaner; and will leave
for the north shortly. ; \u25a0' V \u25a0
General,' Mistchenko's cavalry . con
tinually menaces ;.the Japanese left
flank. There i was : serious ; fighting ; on
July 21 twenty miles north of Faku
men.
WORKMEN BATTLE WITH ROUGHS.
Dally Clashes Between Armed Camps
at \ Ni Jnl . Novgorod.
ST. PETERSBURG; July! 26.— The dis
orders at Nljni Novgorod'have now con
tinued " four i days, > with dally 'collisions
between -the rival camps..- into, which
the ! workmen and \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0: the roughs
have divided, but there has f been tno
general riot since Sunday's five-hour
fray. \ \u25a0 '-\u0084 . .: I. .V. >' •\u25a0 ,:- :^.:-.f -\u25a0:
According to the Government advices,"
twelve' men -were* killed; and three were'
fatallylwoundedfom Monday^ and.Tuesd
ay, nights. y : : On jSundayjJnlght *a< bomb
was i*\thrown -fagainstf aTschoolhouse? in'
the "suburbs i of , : Sormoyo, ~ where 'L; a " de
tachment ti of ;; was .1 quartered.'
The^bomb.throwerjwasjkilled. : ; ;r ,-,•:
•4 No . advices have <been;;receiyed,"of j to-"
day's i events.)/ A?blood % feud fappears '\ to
exist between thft Socialistic workmen
GERMAN PRINCE
MAY GET CROWN
Kaiser Wants to Place a
Hohenzollern on Throne
Taken From Kiiur' Oscar
Special Dispatch-. to The Call
LONDON, f July 26 A Stockholm dls
pntch'.'to the Daily Moll says the secret
of the iiieetlng*of Emperor William nnd
Cznr NU'lioliin In Finninsh -waters Is oat
at la.st. The fierninu Emperor is desir
ous that a (lermnn I'rlnee should ascend
the throne of Norway, nnd requested
the conference with the Czar In order to
obtnln.the lalter's consent to the propo
sition. The Emperor Is also sound ing;
other Interested powers. '
COPENHAGEN. July 26. — A formal
intimation whs received by. the court to
day of Emperor William's intention to
visit King Christian at an early date.
STOCKHOLM. Sweden, July 26.— 80 th
houses- of the Riksdag- have held secret
sesslonsuo discuss the report (present
ed yesterday) of , the special committee
appointed, by the Riksdag, to dear with
the crisis betweenrNorway and Sweden.
It is. understood that the report was ap
proved in prlnc-iple. <
Some regret Is expressed at the resig
nation of the Swedish Government be
fore the Riksdag had noted on the re
port, as it is feared it might impede a
solution of the difficulties between Swe
den and Norway.
."WOULD FIGHT FOR THE UNION.
Count Douglas Says Sweden Shonld Not
Permit Norway's "Withdrawal.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, July 26.—
Count L. Douglas/former Minister for
Foreign Affairs for Sweden and Nor
way, now Governor General. of the pro
vince of Ostergoetland and leader, of
the Storsvenska, or patriotic .party,
whoscname has been mentioned as the
next Premier of Sweden, said to-day of
the crisis between Sweden and Norway:
In the. first excitement after the Norwegian
revolution, and after the Swedish people had
recovered from the (stunning insult to it and
its King, many persons came to the' conclu
sion that. If the Norwegians are. unwilling
to live in peace with us and share the ap
parent blessings of this union of more than
ninety yeara' duration, let them go their
own way and we will go ours, but they could,
have chosen a. more honorable way to break
off - this union. That, at least, we might
have good . reason . to . expect. Now, when I tht
first excitement has passed, Sweden ought to
exert herself to the utmost- not to give up
the union, because. In reality, tho differences
are co Insignificant that they could -easily be
overcome. A new union must be offered by
us to the Norwegians, founded on full liberty,
equality and interior Independence of both
countries, but in which the principle that the
Scandinavian peninsula, as against the world.
Is ooe, must be consequently carried through
Thus we must, besides a common king, have
a common department " of foreign affairs, of
commerce and navigation, of war and of
the navy. And the peninsula . must be Joined
in ; a - commercial union, . co rar as the corj
mercial policy Is concerned. All the places
In "these four departments, from the highest
to the loweot, should be open to either Swede«
or Norwegians. A union parliament."' meet
ing * alternately In Stockholm and Chrlstlanla, j
6hould have control . over, the ; common . Inter
ests, and 'to this parliament the cabinet mem
bers for the common departments should be
responsible. : , :'
:-: Let me express the : hope> that the Swedos
and Norwegians .who have taken up their
abode .In the United . States * will be able \u25a0\u25a0 • o
see ; things - here 'at V home : in , that clear way
which distance sometimes : enables vus to do.
In their unbiased opinions - 1: think they will
see that' such a; settlement of the crisis .as
here outlined Is \u25a0 not ? only.' feasible but. the
most favorable - and honorable for - both
parties. .
Pottery Trust ' Is the Latest.
EAST LIVERPOOL, Ohio, July 26.—
A . combination "that.; will ' practically
control ;thc 'tableware', and china trade
of ;this coun try, has. virtually ; been "ef
fected, and ' a" pottery .trust, with $40,-
OOO.OOO'capital. is regarded by Interest
ed manufacturers in this city as an ac
complished;fact. \u25a0".This city is to be the
headquarters of the new . combination.'
Raised /Bills Being; Circulated.
PORTLAND,-," July ;26.-^-Stephen A.
Connelly operative .in^charge of ' the
United :\u25a0 States , Secret. Service Bureau,
says : raised "bills, -which 'even .. the"de
partment officials; have^dlfficultj-; in de
tectingf,:;are7;being; circulated ;rf in V the
West. Tho ; bills are the " product f of » an'
Eastern .crook.? who, to Con
nell.'ls an artist in the bill-raising line.
and the ' stevedores, brickmakers and
cab Tdri vers. v The X factions lin vade each
other's J territory; and fight ..on > sight.' /.
Strikers Dispersed by Cossacks.
' U LODZ, Russian Poland,' July ; 26.^-Two
thousand 'five' hundred? men ; ln|the^Geys
Cotton :M111 'struck^ to-day because" their,
foreman \was- discharged. ;,The strikers
are threatening,; to r'destroy- ; the? mill.
They; made Ja\ demonstration: this aft
ernoon.-butwere dispersed by Cossacks,
who : arrcstedj2oo. '-, ,-.'•_. 1 \u25a0 ; - •
Mountaineers Commit Murder.
;,;KIZLEAR, •' Northern V Caucasia,' July
26.rfA"band ;of j mountaineers.) disguised
as militia," murdered, several persons to
night.-.;" \u25a0"•':?'•/"'.": - ' " •
DEATH LIST
NOW TOTALS
FORTY-FIVE
Yellow Fever Appears in
Nineteen Parts of New
Orleans and Number of
Cases Reported Beaches 165
CITIZENS ORGANIZE
TO FIGHT DISEASE
Business ''\u25a0•Men Provide Funds
for Sanitary Campaign and
Board of Health Adopts
Stringent Regulations
' NEW ORLEANS, July 26.-*-Six deaths
from yellow fever were recorded to-day
up to' 6 p. m., making a total to date of
forty-five. The number of new cases re
ported yesterday, but. compiled to-day, Is
eleven, making all told to date 165. There
are now nineteen foci of infection.
The organization of forces for fighting
the spread of the infection and for a
campaign of education and practical ap
plication of the mosquito extermination
plans, has been completed and besides
100 men put on as extras to clean the
gutters by the city, 350 men are working
as part of the system of sanitation. Citi
zens are- being organized •in wards, and
these ward clubs will form precincts and
a canvass will be made to insure the
screening of every cistern and the clos
ing of cesspools and water ponds. The
business men have provided the funds for
this 'work, and as the people are now
aroused to the necessity of action, there
will be no let up. Yielding to, the senti
ment of the community, the State_Board
of Health Monday adopted new. regula
tions for the fruit ships, providing that
they should remain six days at quaran
tine between the last. port and New Or
leans and providing for fumigation here
after the discharge of the cargo, j
The Board of Health desired to give
these/ ships an opportunity to; come in
and -then; put the new regulations into
effect. Dr. Scouchon, after the confer
ence, decided to put the regulation Into
immediate effect and so instructed • the
quarantine officer. Later he summoned
the fruit Importers to his offlc* and ex
plained; the matter to them. Naturally
they objectea, but they realized that tht
sentiment of the community was such
that personal feeling would not be al
lowed to interfere in the present emer
gency. The people are convlncd that the
infection was brought here by the fruit
steamers, and if it ; became necessary to
make the regulations so stringent as to
drive them away, in the present feeling,
auch regulations would be enforced.'
DOCTORS IN CONFERENCE.
In view of the many quarantine compli
cations which have arisen, Dr. Scouchon
has called a conference here next Sun
day, of the -health officers of Texas,
Mississippi and . Alabama to . discuss
quarantine regulations and devise a sys
tem by which ..travelers can be admitted
with certificates of the Marine Hospital
Service. Surgeon White, v/ho is in charge
of all the Government work, will be pres
ent and participate. The work of locating
the detention camps, is progressing,
though that has been slower than at first
anticipated. The residents of Kenner ob
jected to-' the camp and it was located at
Hanran, near the railroad yards. The
locations of the other camps have been
filled and supplies are now being sent to
them. .The infection of the original focus
seems to'be dying out, as fewer new cases
are being reported there, which . is. a
hopeful sign, indicating that the modern
methods have- been effective.
The work now is to locate the new
foci and treat them in the same manner.
Physicians are. now reporting all cases
of fever, and wherever there is the
slightest suspicion, rigid sanitary j rules
are applied with the result that up to
now there has been no spread of any
case from any of these new foci. Thos«»
which are developing are all traceable
directly to the original focus in the ca
nal quarter.
The emergency hospital was opened
to-day and patients removed to itjn a
screened ambulance. Dr. John Guiteras,
now president of pathology in the Uni
versity of Havana, .but formerly of the
Marine Hospital Service, and who rep
resented .that service here during the
fever of 1897, has been ordered here by
the" Cuban Government and. will arrive
to-morrow..
" NisJW. iORK. July 26. — Health Officer
Doty : gave out the following j statement
this afternoon regarding the yellow fe
ver situation at Colon and New Orleans:
CASES FROM ISTHMUS. r
'"I have received no official notice that
one or more . cases of yellow fever were
removed from \u25a0 the j steamship Suguanca
before her departure from Colon on
July 22. ;If this disease is . found on
board when the vessel referred to
reaches the New York quarantine sta
tion the patient) or patients will be re
moved to the Swinburne Island Hospital
and all persons on board whosi temper
atures : are; above the normal register
will ibe; removed to' Hoffman Island ) for
observation.' The present regulations
here are'BufHcient to furnish full pfoec
tlon. • All vessels arriving from New Or
leans are "now subject to} inspection at
this station ' and will be for the ; present
treated 'in; the, same manner as vessels
arriving from "Colon.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The officials
of the main hospital service are inves
tigating v aT( reported suspicious , case of
fever .which; is said to have developed
on the? Texas 'Pacific; Railroad about
seventy-five "miles from New : Orleans.
No' report from the iphyslcian sent to
examine; the ;case I has been received.
} Surgeon General .Walter A. Wyman.
who has been Ito Honolulu; on business
connected i"with jthe ; service,' will return
to ..Washington "to-morrow and | take" acf
tive charge of the measures; undertaken
by his bureauito cope with the* fever.
HOUSTON^ Texas/ July:- 26,-r-As j a
quarantine has been declared -against
,the : State Louisiana,^because- of; he?r
slowness in quarantining.^ New Orleans,
physicians "and guards havelbeen idls
patched to theLouisianaborder.Dr.VW.'
L. | Cook" of ; San : Morcos being in ' charge
of the Sabine.Riyerleamp.' ; :j
Inquiry ; Into Wrecking of Bank.
; Ind.. ; July, 26.-— Judge
Fox'iTof ithe";,Wayne Circuit Court, to-day
Instructed 1 the '_. Grind \ Jury •- to \ make ".a
complete : investigation.; of the .wrecking
of % the ,; Commercial f Bank - f of ' ' Hagers
"town.v.whose", cashier. John Bowman?
killed himself V:_. v. . ".'\u25a0\u25a0
Tangier Contract for German Firm.
,' .TANGIER, {Julyi 26— The ; Sultan (on
July|22;slgned: : a*contraict forjthe";con
struction Vbyi a > German T firm Jof ' a ''\u25a0 stone
pier at Tangier: ; CThe ; Foreign Office
will -pay, for; it , within -.three"years,\whea
th"e:(»oyern'm€ntTwill become 0 the sole
proprietor. ,• ' V"— '" -
THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME.
Are Never Without Pe-rii-na in the Home
For Catarrhal Diseases.'
Under date of January 10. 1597. Dr. Atkinson -says, after five years* expei
Hartman received the following: letter: ence with Peruna : \
"My , wife. has been a sufTerer from a "/ w .n mwmlt ennf/nun to sneak v
complication of diseases for the past ' *"' o¥9r COMMUO 10 spea* v
twenty-flve years. Her case has baffled good word for . Peruna. I am silh
the skill of some of the most noted phy- ;;j # --*---* '• /«A- /J i*l,m-
sicians. One of her worst troubles was Cured Ot catarrh. JOIM U. MtM/n"
chronic constipation of several years' iOn Independence. Uo. m Box 272.
standing. Shu was also passing: through „„ \u0084r -„,,,„'.,. c »«k>.^. x.f»«~
the most critical period in the life of a w i!i 1 "". Schwandt. Sanborn. Minn.,
woman— change of life. ", f L . , . .. .
"In June. 13 93. I wrote to you about "I hare been troubled with rheumatism
her case. You advised a course of Pc- and catarrh for twenty-fire years. Could
runa and Manalin, which we at once not sleep day or night. After haring used
commenced and have to say it com- p 9rU n* lean sleep and nothing bothers me
P-'AboutP -'About U the same time I wrote you «'"•. If I erer am affected with any kind
about my own case of catarrh, which o/ sic ness. Peruna wilt be Vie meoicwe I
had been of twenty-flve years standing. I shaJ use. My son was cured of catarrh
At times I was almost past going:. of ibc larynx by pp e runa."—Mrs. Mill
I commenced to use Peruna accord- Schwandt.
.ngtoyour instructions and contin- e ™™ o °l\»** cSSS«ict>SSsi«dl!;c SSS«ic t> SS5i« dl !;
ued rfs use for about a year, ana it almost universal in old people.
A/r« c-mnlafpfv cured me " — John Address Dr. S. B. Hartman. President
nas completely cureo me. uunn of The Hartman Sanltarlum> Columbus.
0. AkfSOn. Ohio, who will be pleased to give you
In a letter dated January 1. 1900. Mr. the beneflt of his medical advice gratis.
PEARY IS HOPEFUL
OF FINDING POLE
Steamship Roosevelt Sails
From North Sydney on
Long Voyage.
NORTH SYDNEY. C. 8., July 28.— The
Arctic steamship Roosevelt, bearing
Commander Robert E. Peary's latest ex
pedition, swung clear of Terminal wharf
and headed northward on her voyage ot
discovery toward the north pole at 2
o'clock this afternoon. As the steam
ship left the wharf an immense crowd,
-which had gathered to witness her de
parture, burst into cheers, which were
mingled with the whistling of the'steam
ers, and the demonstration lasted as the
Roosevelt proceeded down the harbor.
The city had been gaily decorated for the
occasion.
Lieutenant Commander Peary, in speak
ing of the -expedition shortly before his
departure, showed firm confidence yiat
the outcome would be successful. In
which case he intends to return in Sep
tember. 1906.
Mrs. Peary and her daughter, who have
been with Lieutenant Commander Peary
in this city pending his departure, left
for New York to-day.
PROMINENT HAVANA LAWYER
IS PLACED UNDER ARREST
Colonel Orent Ferrara Charged With
ComollHtj- In the Burning of Mu
nicipal Bulldlns at Velta*.
HAVANA, July X. — Colonel Orent
Ferrara. a prominent attorney of Ha
vana and a lieutenant of General
Gomez, the fusion candidate for Pres
ident, was arre3ted ut Cienfuegos last
night and taken to Remedios by the
Rural Guards on the complaint of tho
Remedios court, alleging his implica
tion In the burning of the municipal
building at Veltas. | Several fusion Con
gressmen are. reported to be implicated,
but they have not been arrested. Con
gressmen enjoy immunity from arrest.
Chilean Navy to Re Rebuilt.
VALPARAISO. Chile, July 26.— 1t is
rumored that the Naval Court has re
solved to recommend to Congress the
reconstruction cf the Chilean navy, to
begin with the building In Great" Brit
ain of*four ironclads -of 12.000 tons
each.
$2.50 Pajamas for $1.65
f&&M^ t . We.want to close out
\u25a0^te^; these pajamas to make
room lor the incoming
""^P^^^KlW^ stock. They were
Mlll|^ all bought since the
%U\^u^^*Vvv^ opening of our new
store an£ i necessarily arc
: fresh from the makcrs -
I^^S^Zfe^^^R ; n Pajamas made from
' --mm^^^^^fpM^^ madias cloth, striped
" : '' '^^V'y^f^llw'^'^ c^ ects * n suc^ shades as
blue, green, tan, red
•\l"lll 111 1 yMfr! an^ S ra y» P^ 1"^1 "^ DUtt on^;
\u25a0•\u25a0"" * *' s - -'M-P'f' silk braid trimmed;"cut
%hr'%'i; V. full size, sizes to fit the
large, medium sized or small man; former price $2.50,
: closing out price $165 a sviL v
0 Howery 3 pair for 50c . . "
Hosiery in black with small neat colored figures,
also in the solid shades of gray, blue, tan and black;
• sizes 9. to 1 2; former price 2>c a pair, closing out
: price now 3 pair for 50c
Above goods -on sale at Foweil and E/tis Streets store on//.'
Twn Iqrtrp « »-— — »' — . Corner Powell and
1 \vo Large -TA Etai-and
Stores 3^\yUUiJ^tM' 740 Market St. (
MORGAN PURCHASES
TWELVE ERAGONARDS
Hundreds of Thousands of
Pounds Sterling Paid
f or-JPaintings.
LONDON. July 26.— During hi« ab
sence from America. J. Pierpont Mor
gan has added a whole Fragonard room
to his London residence, the Intrinsic
value of which Is estimated in hun
dreds of thousands of pounds sterling,
besides of being of infinite historical
importance.
Some appreciation of the value of the
collection may be gathered from the
fact that while a Fragonard one foot
square is worth $5000. the largest room
in Morgan's house is walled with the
great artists* pictures. In all there
are twelve of these paintings, each
measuring three yards high and two
yards wide*
In order to embrace the whole.col
lection in a single room. It was nec
essary to remove the wall separating;
the drawing-rooms of Morgan's adja
cent houses at Princes Gate.
RUSSO- AMERICAN TARIFF
RELATIONS MAY IMPROVE
Progress Made In the Negotiations Con
' ducted by Embassador
Meyer.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 26.—Nego
tiations for the Improvement of Ru3so-
American tariff relations are now pro
ceeding under better auguries of suc
cess. Embassador Meyer has suc
ceeded in brushing aside the custom
ary barriers, taking up the matter of
discriminating duties on American Im
ports levied in retaliation for the impo
sition of a countervailing duty by the
United States on Russian sugars, direct
with the department interested, toe
Ministry of Finance.
The Embassador had an interview
yesterday with Chief Finance Minister
Kokmosovoft and discussed the sub
ject In its general outlines. This* will
be followed by frequent conferences.
The progress of the negotiations for
a French commercial treaty makes a
speedy arrangement desirable.
I'a.«f« Equal Suffrage BUI.
MELBOURNE, Victoria. July 26. — The
Victorian Assembly to-day passed a, bill
granting the elective franchise 'to
34
SAYS IRELAND'S JOAN OF ARC
IS NO DAUGHTER OF ERIN.
Major Mcßride Is
Weary of Maud
Wife of Former Of
ficer Seeking,
Divorce.
PARIS. July 26.— The hearing of the
suit for divorce brought by Maud Gonne,
known as the Irish Joan of Arc. against
Major Mcßride, formerly of the Boer
army, was opened before the civil trib
unal of the Seine, llaitre Troupe repre
senting: the wife and Maitre Labori the
husband. Maitre Troupe severely de-.
nounced Major Mcßrlde's alleged unfaith
fulness and denied the husband's charge
tlrat his wife was not of genuine Irish
birth." The case attracts much attention,
oump to the prominence of the parties
In connection with Irish agitation.
WOULD PREVENT
THEIR FLIGHT
Member of British Parlia
ment Fears Iron King's
Sons Will Not Face Trial
LONDON, July 26. — The shooting case
involving J. S. and H. C. Phipps. sons
of Henry Phipps of Pittsburgh, Pa., was
again mentioned in the House of Com
mons this afternoon. J. Galloway- Weir,
representing Ross and Cromanty Coun
ty. Scotland, wanting the Lord Ad
vocate for Scotland to take steps to
prevent the defendants from fleeing
from justice. The Lord Advocate, how
ever, said he had every reason to be
lieve that the Phippses would be ready
to meet any charges brought against
them. One of the young men, he under-
Etood, was now in Paris.
The two sons of Phipps were recently
charged at Inverness with the reckless
discharge of firearms on the Beaufort
estate in the highlands of Scotland,
leased by Phipps from Lord Lovett. by
which the young men wounded three
persons. On July 22 they were com
mitted for trial and were released on
$2500 bail each. Mr. Galloway-Weir
called the attention of the House of
Commons to the case on July 23, when
he asked the Lord Advocate of Scotland
whether the defendants were still in
the United Kingdom.
ATTE3IPTS TO SWDI
CHANNEL BOTH FAIL
3lan Stops Half Way Across
and Seasickness Makes
Woman Quit.
DOVER, England. July 26.— Edward
Heaton cf Liverpool started from here
to-day In an attempt to swim the chan
nel, his intention being to land near
Calais. The conditions were favorable to
the accomplishment of his task, but he
failed. He became ill after six hours'
swimming and covered only about half
the distance.
Annette Kellerman also made the at
tempt, but after being in the water five
hours was overcome by seasickness. She
had outdistanced Heaton by a mile when
compelled to abandon the attempt. No
less than nine aspirants are now in train
ing for channel swimming honors, in
cluding Miss Annette Kellerman, who is
an Australian.
BEEF "EMBALMED"
BY SECEET METHOD
General Miles Interested
in the Peimsylavnia
Inquiry.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1005. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. \u0084 ,"
LONDON. July 26.— General Nelson A.
Miles, who is at the Carlton Hoiei, is
greatly interested in the embalmed beef
inquiry In Pennsylvania.
\\ nen I saw the general to-day he
would jaot L 4lB£uss the subject, except to
say thar*B. wen-known firm of beef pack
ers owned a secret -of treating beef in
the way indicated and that he had at
home trunks full of letters and reports
obtained on th*? subject when he made
his famous accusation about the beef
supplied to the army during the Spanish-
American war. *-\u25a0-:
PREI»AIU.\G TO OBSERVE
OOMIJVG TOTAL ECLIPSE
Germany Will Send Astronomers to Al
srfera In Hope of DiKCOT-erlngr
a -Yctt Planet.
BERLIN, July 26. — German astron
oraers are making- unusual preparations
for the observation of the coming total
eclipse cf the sun. The Hamburg Ob
servatory vrili send -an expedition to
Algiers, which will take an extensive
scries of observations, giving special
attention to olectrical phenomena. Pho
tographs of the sky adjacent to the
sun will be taken In the hope of discov
ering a planet within the orbit of Mer
cury. The observatories at Potsdam
and Gottlniren will send astronomers to
tspalii and Algiers for observations.
, The Prussian Meteorological Observ
ictory at PotPdam Is sending an expedl
tioSTtp Burgos, Spain, to study atmos
pheric-^nd rlectrical phenomena the
we«k befor** and the week after the
cclfp*c.
PANAMA'S WAR SECRETARY
QUELLS POLICE MUTI.W
Sfv«fly ChsMlnrs the Leaders and
Quickly nrtnffa Them to
„ SabmiaMion. - ...
PANMAA, July 26.— A mutiny took
place among the police force, here to
day, but it was quelled almost at the
beginning by Santiago de la Guardia,
Secretary of War. who faced the mu
tineers with drawn revolver, and, back
ed by the officers of the force, brought
them to submission.
The principal leaders were severely
chastised by the Secretary and the
other mutineers . were placed in irons.
Politics had nothing to do with the
mutiny. The Chlff of Police. Leonidai
Pretelt. is. In Augrua Dulce. Inspecting
the police force there. .
To the hypocrite cmc n»n'« religion is
(mother man's revenu*
RUSH OF WATER
AT SALTON SINK
Bail road Officials ; Admit
Seriousness- of Situation
in the Section Involved
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— The Express
says: Water is playing havoc at Salton
Sink", and the statement of the increasing
seriousness of the situation made several
days ago is being' borne out. r - For the first
time to-day it was admitted that condi
tions are perilous in the section involved.
Southern Pacflc headquarters has been
advised that passenger trains had to be
held up nearly an hour this morning, the
result of a new rush of water, that first
made itself felt late yesterday afternoon.
The flood was entirely unexpected and
the waves for a time were high, present
ing a spectacle .that is. said to have been
remarkable. ' Such a scene 'never before
has appeared . anywhere inland.
Soon the Southern Pacific company's
tracks and roadbed were submerged, re
sulting in an emergency call to Los Anr
geles for assistance. To-day order was
partially restored, although, it is said,
it will require the hardest kind of work
to save the hundreds of thousands of dol
lars' worth of property that, is, in danger.
Epcs - Randolph, president and general
manager cf the California Development
Company;. R. H. Ingram, district "super
intendent; and H. V. Platt, division su
perintendent of the Southern "Pacific," ac
companied by minor officials of the two
corporations/, have returned 'to .the Im
perial section, having^ left 7 Los Angeles
last night by special 'train. They were
summoned to meet- . the extraordinary
emerg-ency. ~ Hundreds of men are being
rushed to the ' scene, and a shoe-fly,'
twelve miles long, has been decided on as
a means for heading "off the " rush of
waters that are a danger to the railway
company's tracks. • . :" . v
By the. construction of a jetty 3000 feet
long, extending, into, .the Colorado river
at a point a mile above the intake of the
Colorado Development Company's Irri
gation canaL Southern' Pacific .engineers
will attempt to divert the flow of. the
river to the east side of :'the • channel.
away from the canal intake on the west
side. This will be about a mile above
the intake.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 26.— Reports
id .this., city confirm the reports of 'the
serious difficulties under which the South
ern Pacific Railway Company is labor
ing In the Salton' Sea situation. Tele?
graph poles 'along three miles of track
are beginning to sag and a number of
men were cent out to-day to brace them
up. Indians from Yuma, -Arizona, have'
been secured to work in , the water. ' The
sea continues to rise.* Stone from quar
ries near this city is being .shii|>ed, to
the scene to be used by the Southern Pa
cific Company in building dykes against
the flood.
WOMAN IS EXPELLED
*FROM THE CHURCH
Jury Finds Her Guilty of
Having Calumniated
the Pastor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 26— Lying and bear
ing false witness were the principal
charges brought against Mrs. H. L. .T.
Hidden, which resulted .^.o-day. In, her
expulsion from tne Methodist ' church at
\ T ancouver. Wash. .. -Trouble , has been
brewing in ~- the "church ever' since -.the
arrival of Rev. Thomas E. Elliott some
months since. „ Mrs. Hidden,' who Js well
known in Portland,- is said , to \ have tried
to destroy the new pastor's usefulness.
A jury ..of five heard the charges and Dr.
Cline pti Portland, a prominent^ Methodist
minister, npneared; as, counsel for .'Mrs.
Hidden." She did not deny "the' acts
charged, but relied on, justification as her
defense. The trial lasted air day." and
many witnesses "were examined.. vThe ver
dict was " unanimous.' : The; charges i In-;
c'uded defamlnp the pastor in saying that'
he perverted the truth.^calling his prayer .
inoetfn^r. rircupeiv nn(\ in saying' the.pas-i
tor "'led from ihr> ptijnlt and knew he
was lying." , . ' \u0084 : ', '
.— — . \u2666 . • . — _\u25a0-\u25a0 :
The people' who have leas\- religion. on
rcsen'e always seem to - "have tn'ost" on
tan. ' \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0;• ';.'V^;
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JULY, 27, 1905.
SOLDIER WHO HELPED JBOERS
• AND VTTHiei WHO: SEEKS": DI
VORCE FROM HIM.
EAGLES FINISH
THEIR SESSION
California Grand Aerie De
cides Upon Petaluma as
the Next Place of Meeting
NAPA, July 26.— California Grand Aerie
of Eagles resumed Its sessions at the
opera, house this/morning with a large
attendance of, delegates. State President
C. P.. Rendon of Stockton presided over
the gathering. .
.The . committee on the .formation of
laws for the State Aerie presented a par
tial ' report and .was continued in power
to present. a final report at the conven
tion of. 1906. , ; , . :
.The election of officers then took place
and resulted. as follows: ..State president,
J. W.Doreey,. of Bakersfield Aerie No.
93; -State, vice president, Jerome Bassity,
of San Francisco Aerie No. 6; State seer
retary, Gustave .Pohlman Sr., of San
Francisco , Aerie No. 5: State treasurer,
R. B. Goodcell, of San Bernardino Aerie
No. 506; State conductor, Leo Grigsby, of
Napa" Aerie No. 161: inside sentinel, Jerry
Lucy, of San Francisco Aerie No. 5; out
side Sentinel William Connor, of San Ra
fael Aerie N0. .256. .As a new law of the
Grand Aerie -provides that there shall be
three State trustees instead ot 'five; as
heretofore, g D. E. . Andlum of San Fran
cisco. Aerie; No. 5, J. F. Heanny of Oak
land .Aerie No. T, and Karl Sweeney of
Sacramento Aerie No. 9, after a. spirited
contest were elected to the office of. trus
tees. ,•-\u25a0..:.•.;;.\u25a0..•'';\u25a0- \u25a0: \u25a0:- \u25a0- \u25a0 -'.. ' -\u25a0\u25a0.'.
-After . some discussion - the convention
decided to meet, next. May at Petaluma.
The of 1905 then adjourned
with'. thanks, to Napa Aerie and the people
of; the city, for the hospitality, shown : the
delegates. , To-nisht - there f was a grand
ball at East Napa 'Pavilion in 'honor of
the visiting, delegates. ". : ..
jDiVKiVPIA^ CAPTAIN
IS STILL IN PRISON
Great Britain May Send Ward
ship to the Coast ;of
;:/; . w-Uruguay.w -Uruguay. -
V.' WASHINGTON, July 26.— Official ?ad
vlces'reachinß^Washington'failto show
I any relief in the acute situation -which
! has been developing for some j time be
j tween!the' British I ' arid Uruguayan^Gov
l erntnents ; over * the > v imprisonment" ";\u25a0 in
; Uruguay "of jthe captain and crew, of the
I Canadian flshlngivessel- Agnes Donahoe
: for >' alleged ;! poaching. '* Despite^ strong
1 representations j the- Canadian;- fcaptafn
, remains 'in prison i arid j London ; is /now
; : considering the advisability of I sending,
f a warship down ' the" South ' Atnerican
; coast. , V
! • -\u25a0 '- •\u25a0 "i " : \u25a0\u2666 \u25a0 • ~ ' — — •\u25a0 \u25a0
'\u25a0- -'. Hunt Ii» Playlns Rood Tennis.
.-; MINNEAPOLIS,- July 26.— The third
round of the Northwestern ' tennis' tour
hariient wjis' played off at La ke | Mi nne-.
tonka ; to-day/ : •'; In the \u25a0 doubles Hunt » of
California'? and 'Burton, of "Minneapolis
beat T. Thompson and ; Greer fof Minne
apolis, -6 : ir 6'-0.""6-4.'7* Hunt and- Burton !
beat Graves andi-Adains of St. Paul,6-3 j
6-3,. C-S.--. .i.0..^ : .-;;.s -;?j; ...-..;, ; .; -.- ,
\u25a0" X~ fln« Uellvery. wagon is a good advertise
mc-nt. We . hay« them | panel .top f and .
plate, class side. They are beauties. We also
carry expitss wagons. <~ Leibold ; Harness Cora
sauy. 211'Larklh street *;'-r^-r V • • :
LIST OF DEAD
STILL GROWING
Two T More \u25a0 " Victims of the
Disasterlf o Me Benhihgton
Succumb; to Their Injuries
DIVEBS EXAMINE HULL
Interest Geiiters on Question
:pf % the? Steam Pressure
:at & Time of Explosion;
- SAN DIEGO, July 26.— The list of the
Berinington dead' now numbers sixty- two
At ; 4. o^clock ' this morning S. Tacate, • a
Japanese mess attendant, expired; and at
9:30 to-night H: A... Metius, pay clerk,
passed away. The* case .of Metius is
peculiar. He .was able 'to walk, up, town
af t^r the jj accident and was ' thought not
to have';' been; badly ; injured. ; After ; his
woimdsi'had : been .dressed he 'was put j
on ; the' streets; -Suddenly, he .collapsed
and hadVto be ' taken ; to the liosplital ' on
a stretcher.'. "It "is supposed V that 'the
shock and ; a;weak heart were; the cause
of his death. : ,-' . . -" "'•' ' "
The . Bennlngtoh .is now \u25a0 ready >to go
north. * But should: .Admiral' Goodrich,
who is due" here .in: a' few hours, decide
to hold an inQuiry.here, the presumption
is that the Berinington • will not be taken
north until • investigation is com
pleted., ,-. '\u25a0 ,
The Bennlngton will be taken to Mare
Island riavy yard by the Iris, escorted
by ' the powerful' naval tug Fortune, but
it is doubtful if; she will get away before
the arrival of the Chicago. Divers made
an. examination of her hull to-day.- Ad
miral Goodrich is expected to arrive on
his flagship late to-night or early to-mor
row, when- an investigation , of . the dis
aster will be begun. • ',-
Much-interest, centers on .the question
of what was the steam pressure on boiler
B at the 'time^of the.exploslon. it being
understood that, the safety valve had
been set to blow" off at 140 pounds. Ten
minutes before Ythe explosion the pressure
was only 118 pounds and was rising.
I The boiler had been cleaned only a
short time before and filled with . fresh
water from ashore. -Only one boiler ex
ploded. An examination of the -inside of
the -ship shows that the hull has been
damaged but' little, If any. The water
which poured irr and caused the, listing
came through the- blow hole and pipes,
broken by the force of the explosion,
the entry of water is now under control
and no difficulty Is expected In making
the vessel sufficiently seaworthy to stand
the trip to Mare Island.'
A private dispatch from Oakland says
that the mother of E. B. Robinson, one
of the Bennington victims, has lost her
mind, through grief.
Surgeon' Lewis,' of the flagship "Chicago,
wholeft the squadron at Bellingham har
bor, arrived here by train this after
noon. ' , 7 ". . .
INQUIRY TO. BE THOROUGH.
Admiral' Goodrich Instructed 'to Con
duct a Searching Investigation.
WASHINGTON, July 26. — Rear Ad
miral Goodrich, commander in chief of
the Pacific , station, is expected to ar
rive at San Diego to-morrow on his
flagship, the Chicago, and the Navy
Department expects him to convene a
court of inquiry and begin an investi
gation into; the Bennlngton disaster
without delay. v..;; « \u25a0\u0084.:\u25a0 .•' -:
It was stated at the department to
day ** - that a. • telegram from Captain
Drake, in which he makes reference to
a telegram from Admiral Goodrich, in
dicated that the admiral fully under
stands that the department desires him
to institute a searching investigation.
Precautions have been taken by the de
partment to preserve existing condl T
tions on the Bennington until, after the
arrival of Admiral Goodrich. It was
explained in this connection that or
ders had been sent ;not to disturb the
boilers and to have them .remain , Just
as they were after the explosion., :
The steam log of the Bennlngton
covering the quarter ending. June 30,
which came to the department yester
day, was carefully scanned by depart
ment officials, to-day, but no ; state
ment was forthcoming as to what light
it might shed. Secretary Bonaparte,
who has been advised in a general way
of its substance, is having a memo
randum of the facts shown by the log
prepared for him so that he may. more
carefully consider them.
It was stated at the. Navy Depart
ment to-day that the transfers • of
bodies of, those . who perished on the
Bennington to the nomes of relatives
will be made as rapidly^as possible, but
that j some delays must j necessarily be
expected, since there are certain health
regulations to-be complied with in the
cases of bodies already buried. The
Kureau of Medicine and : Surgery, to
which all requests for transportation
of bodies Is referred, Is using every ef
fort to expedite the work. An'appro
priation is available: for such trans
portation. . . . • -:•- ..'.;'-\u25a0..;\u25a0-. ,
A dispatch of sympathy was received
at the Navy Department to-day 'from
Lieutenant Commander. de : 'Faramond.
naval \ attache of the ; French embassy
now at; Manchester. Ma 63., to which a
reply, was made by ; Secretary Bona
parte. \u25a0'. ' : '" '\u25a0: - ' it. ; \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-. '.".- _./ : .
Captain Drake at San Diego has re
ported to the Navy, ' Departmen t ". the
death to-day of S. Takata, wardroom
cook of, the Bennington'. His father is
C. Takata, at Toklo.V
TOWN OF COVELO -
VISITED^ BY FIRE
Flames Spread Rapidly and
t- Business Section Is
Destroyed. '
COVELO, July 26.— Early : this '• morn
ing a fire destroyed half of the business
portionof the town. It caught in. the
tank ; house i.,in'. the rear t of ;;th'e-Covelo
Hotel and \ in . at few \ mlnuteß \ the' hotel
was ' on fire and beyond ' control."-^, Dave
Rudee's general merchandise- store was
the next to go, arid theti* the fire cpntin-;
ued down' the street; for two blocks, \ de-,
stroylrig everything In the wayAlThere
was no .wind blowing,' at the ttime.- The
loss will amount -; to? nearly 137,000; the
insurance ' lsi about * $10,000. ; ' The princi
pal losers are Ed Pursell,' hotel and con
tents, los 3 $11,500; Dave Rudee, stock ot
merchandise, $15,000; -John Bohrbough,
five; buildings,- valued at $8000; William
•Grist/ dwelling .and -contents, i" $1500;
Harry jShutler, houseTandf goodSj $500;-
C. H. Goldberg, safe and bilice'furrilture,'
\u25a0$300."'" :\u25a0 -;'••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- •;;;;•• :.'r; rW'^r.W:. ••"\u25a0"-?• "\u25a0 '^\
Lake .Steaumblp Burned.
; ESCANABAi Mich:;' .July" 26.— The
steamer j George- Presly.t owned I ' by. the
United ; States : Transportatlbn '; Com
pany of i Cleveland, .was I- burned to 'i the
water's edge. to-day. : ;oft;f .Washington
Island. /The: crew escaped " in"-- boats,
which ashore.Yon :.the x island."-
En rtliqunke ' '.larx V Calumet.
CALUMET, Mich.'. Ju1y. 26.-^feat ex
citement was caused ; here : shortly .' "after
6 o'clock ; tb-riight' by .a 5 shoek 1 resuming
an -"'earthauake.!;.;, Buildings:- -rocked,
plaster? was: knocked! from \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 the walls
and; dishea ffellffrom" ahelvea,. - \u25a0• .-' -
LOST COLLIER
STILL INTACT
111-Fated Tricolor Lies Hard
and Fast on the Kocfcy
Coast at Cape \sleridocino
DEFIES THE BBEAKEBS
Shipping Men Unanimous
in the Opinion That the
; Vessel Cannot Be Saved
EUREKA, July 26.— With a fair chance
of holdinz together for many days yet
despite the fact that the breakers are
pou . ndin S over her; the Norwegian
steamer Tricolor; which went ashore in
the foe at Cape Mendocino - early yester
day morning, still lies hard and fast on
the rocks. From all appearances Bhe is
still Intact and in as good condition as
she was within half an hour, after she
struck the , rocky coast, punctured her
bottom and partly sank. Such"* is the
report that came to-day from, the Ocean
House at Mendocino and closest to the
point of the wreck.
At 11 o'clock the position of the doomed
steamer had not changed and she was
still lying broadside on the beach, de
fying the • heavy- seas which continually
wash her up on J the cruel and Jagged
rocKs. A heavy fog still overhangs the
coast at the, cape,, but \u25a0\u25a0 the vessel Is
plainly discernible from -the lighthouse.
The beach is remarkably free from
wreckage, clearly indicating that the sea
has had but small damaging effect on
the steamer up to the present.. . The
beach is- lined -\ with ..wreckers, : people
flocking .to the scene with . the hope of
securing relics, or, other valuables. Con
spicuous among these are Indians, who
are gathered in- largei numbers and' pa
tiently awaiting the disintegration . of the
hull of iron," which will release every
thing that will float. Owing to the na
ture of the ; coast, however, It is very
Improbable- that anything will be of
much value after it strikes the shore.
There is comparatively little beach, and
what there Is, is strewn . with rocks, up
on which -anything which might : come
ashore .would be broken, to pieces. In
fact Captain Wold figures that so little
can be saved from the ship that he will
not even' go down the coast. He is now
in communication with the owners in
Norway and has also wired the Western
Fuel .Company at i San Francisco, to
whom the vessel was chartered, appris
ing them of the loss •of . their cargo of
6500 tons of coal. ;.
' Captain Wold states that the steamer
was fully \u25a0 Insured. He is very bitter in
his comments . of \u25a0 the " lightship sta
tioned on the Mendocino coast and to
whose failure to give good service he
attributes the loss of his ship. He stated
this morning that the lightship was'in
active when' he passed her and that no
sound was heard from her until 4:30 in
the morning, when she started blowing.
This was after the steamer had gone
ashore. ;;
Captain Wold and his men are being
accommodated at the hotels about town.
The Norwegian consul at Sari Fran
cisco will probably be called' upon
and provision, made -for the. men., who
lost everything In the -wreck with the
exception' of a small' quantity of • bag
gage. K6 a,ttemipt will be made to save
the steamer or pull : her ' off the rocks.
Not only Captain Wold but the other ship
ping men- here consider any 'such move
impractical and no such proposition ! ha«
been entertained since the tug; arrived
last night with the crew- and reported the
condition of the wreck.
Additional information J confirming the
reports that the steamer Tricolor was
still intact on the Mendocino 'beach was
received upon the arrival of the : Corona
to-day. ; Captain " Gielow stated that
shortly after . docking his steamer
he passed the Tricolor at 9 o'clock this
morning. -He drew in close enough to
get a good view of the stranded steamer.
When seen by him the Tricolor was ly
ing parallel with the coast. It was high
water at the- time. . but .the Tricolor
seemed to be well out of the water. She
appeared as If her : bulwarks were * afloat
and rested so gently, iri an almost up
right oosjition that it did not appear
as if she was on the rocks at all. There
was not a very heavy sea on, but spray
could be seen ' near the stern. In the
opinion of Captain Gielow If the present
weather continues : the Tricolor will not
go to pieces for a' month or more, i With
other shipping men, however, he says it
is impossible 1 to save the vessel.
I, The United States revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch. left Humboldt Bay this even-
Ing with the officers and crew of the
ill-fated Tricolor aboard. The cutter
will arrive in the city -at noon to-mor
row.
"The McCulloch arrived at the scene
of the wreck early this morningr, and,
finding that the crew had deserted the
ship and' that 'no ; assistance could be
rendered; came to Eureka this after
noon. It Is stated to-night that the
Tricolor is still in the same position,
close in 'on the 1 - beach, and the waves
seem to have little effect. Some of the
stanchions are, torn away.
ATTEMPT IS MADE
TO BBIBE A JUROB
Money Offered Him to Hang
the Jury in a Ticket
Scalping Case.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
PORTLAND, "July. ;26.-^-A. sensation
was sprung this afternoon when Joseph
Hayes,' a Juror " In ' the Caspary ticket
scalping/case, 'reported >to ; " Municipal
Judge Cameron r; and * other .officials ' of
the court that he -was approached by
an unknown- man-and- offered $20 if he
would agree : to " secure an "\u25a0 acquittal ,; or
hang, the - jury. i.'.The- case went on. { as
scheduled, and after a brief deliberation
the Jury broughtlna verdict of guilty,
i Hayes was approached by the man, who
asked concerning" the '> progress i of .the
case. '.' ;'\u25a0 as \u25a0he was a stranger to . Hayes the
latter aaked to what case he referred and
received \u25a0; a \ reply indicating.: the Caspary
scalping -i case. IrThe1 r The ; strangers then : said
that he had ' been asked I by . a 1 prominent
business | man' of Portland to | offer Hayes
920 .: to secure an ? acquittal tor hang * the
jury. : Hayes told the man \he would . take
the matter under - advisement \ and r : meet
him,' later '; to : make \u25a0;. an* answer. \ To , this
:the fman ; reolled • that he > must - have a
reply then: and there or j call, off ; the offer.
Hayes th en i said -he .would not accept.
Arrive* With "Japanese Coolies.
, - VICTORIA, 'B. C. July^ 26.TrThe
•team ex ,i Stanley/ Dollar, arrived at the
quarantine} station ; this ; afternoon from
Honolulu -• with 1 400 ?\u25a0 \u25a0: Japanese ; coolies/
Theyii are -' en ; route "to ,; Missoula. Mont.,
to" work on the Northern Pacific Rail
way.-:: . ; ;-.•;""': \u25a0 ,"V ; : '\u25a0 \u25a0" ' \u25a0 -
.No Hope* Held Out ' for Recovery. \u25a0\u25a0
SAN JOSE/- July^26.— The .condition
Of "Mrs." Mary,,'- Hayes-Chynoweth t .was
.slightly' improved J this ?evening,";but no j
•hopes are, held j out f or^ her. recovery." Dr." j
O. j H> Dogge.twho lis • attending .' her, at- j
tributes ;. her ' continuance "of ; lif e to " her |
remarkably strong constitution. •
THINK MISSING
MAN PERISHED
Searchers Find Clothing of
Harry W. Freudenthal on
the Banks of Kern Biver
GOLD COIN IN POCKETS
Theory Is Advanced That He j
Wa^ Accidentally Drowned [
Wliile Bathing in "Stream
....... O 1.
BAKERSFIELD, July 25.— Word reach
ed here this evening: that searchers for
Harry W. Freudenthal, chief electrician,
who disappeared from the Kern •» River
Company's - powerhouse at Borel on July
7, . had lecated the missing man's cloth-
Ing at a point near the Hot Springs where
Clear. Creek runs into Kern River. '
When the clothing was searched some
private papers and $150 in gold were
found in the pockets. From j the condi
tion and position of the clothing it is evi
dent that Freud^pthal had disrobed to
take a bath in the river and was drowned
in a deep hole at. that point.:
Freudenthal was unable to swim, and
probably walked out on a little sandbar
which covers the rocks at that point to
where the water was about two feet deep.
From the. edge of the rock there is a
sheer drop off Into a hole .varying with
the height of the river of from eight to
twelve feet. There is a whirlpool in the
hole and the" water is .very awlft. Being
unable to swim, and there being no one
at hand to . assist him, the unfortunate
young. man 'undoubtedly lost bis life at
that place. .
He had been sick for some time previ
ous \u25a0to his disappearance, and when his
absence was" first; discovered it was
thought that . his mind was temporarily
deranged and that he had wandered away
into the hills.
r Two men in the employ of the com
pany are making a search of the river
bed from Clear Creek down. Freudenthal
was the sole support of a mother and two
sisters, who live In San Francisco.
FORMER CALIFORNIA!* TRIES .
TO COMMIT SUICIDE AT REJfO
J. H. Sturgeon Shoots Himself In the
,llead While Despondent Because
of Continued Illness.
RENO, Nev., July 26.— Worrying over
his business affairs and suffering from
illness, J. H. Sturgeon, a native of Fol
som, Cal., and until three months ago a
resident of that place, left _\u2666 his two
daughters . at noon to-day and three
hours later sent a bullet through his
brain. He was found at 7 o'clock to
night almost dead. There is no chance
of his recovery. Sturgeon left a note
bidding- his two daughters farewell and
willing all his property to them. He
stated that he intended to plunge into
the river. The authorities were notified
of this fact, and while the man lay dy
ing 1 on the banks of the stream search
ing- parties were engaged in dragging
the river. \u25a0. \u25a0 ,
-Sturgeon since his arrival here was
engaged in the wholesale fruit and pro
duce business and so far as known was
doing well. Sickness is the only cause
that can be ascribed for his act.
Child Is Fatally Bccrned.
: SAN JOSE, July 26. — Rosie Arnone,
the three-year-old child of Mr. and Mrs.
Pletro Arnone, who died yesterday
morning from injuries received^in a fire,
was buried this' afternoon. Last Mon
day while playing about a fire in the
back yard of her home with a sister the
little girl's dress caught fire and she
was fatally burned.
Cornerstone of Library Laid.
MARYSVILLE, July 26.— The corner
stone of the John Q. Packard Library
was laid to-day. Although the struc
ture, which will cost $75,000, will be
given to the city after, its completion
no ceremony was permitted by Packard.
Nothing about the building will indicate
who caused its construction. The libra
ry occupies a site on r which Packard
conducted a store fifty years ago.
[THAT RUN IN THE SIDE j
I {&&&&$ There's" nothing that will give soch speedy g
\u25a0 C^^^^N relief and cure and at the same time strengthen JB
I _3 *^ c s^ e restore energy as an Allcock's Q
I f\ [# \ en usc^ ty th^icning of the bib which 1
1 / I V \ may lead to gallstones. TJbi best tridt- 1
Wf \ \ \ ***** "k *° K ear \u25a0 ZSi siltex&'s Plaster ts M
ml f\ j\ \ shown in the illustration, until axndL Hi
I^->J JV\ You'll be surprised to fid' how soon v
U /y ;^ "^ /*// -^^VN withoot qn«tio« the mot raccewfal «». \u25a0
\u25a0 (IJSfc^ / / H\ » ternal remedy in th« world to-day^ and \u25a0
\u25a0VT ' / >W\ **« Mfest. for they eooufa no bdlla- -- 1
\u25a0V- ' . \^^' Si-'S \u25a0 ]/• y)d « ooaa « «pta» o*«ay poiaoa wbatavvc. . I
p Al Icock's piaster 1
NOW JS YOUR .CHANCE TO BRING YOUR
I FRIENDS OR RELATIVES FROM EUROPE 1
Throagh Rates to California From
QUEENSTOWN .......... $71125
DVERP00L....... 71.25
L0ND0N....;..-;.... 74.25
GLASGOW ...... .....:.. 74 25
DUBLIN:^ .... .^vXL: .... 74.25
COPENHAGEN:^ 7500
MALMO ; . . ........ ... 75.00
/GOTHENBURG ..,..;......: 75.00
.;-; Proportionately low rates from all other points by'
the Old "Reliable Gunafd Line. Safest and quick- s
: , vest line across the Atlantic. : ' ' 1
'These^-ratesgood only for limited time. Purchase E
tickets 'at once. If j-ou can't call, send the money 1
and we \u25a0 will \u25a0 furnish you with : the tickets. • 6
S. F. BOOTH, \u0084 1 Mont2com;ry St . I
- Gen. Agt., U. P. R. R. Co.. San Francisco, R
Canard S. S. Co. California. X
RAILWAYS ASK
FOR REDUCTIONS
Representatives of Interior
Corporations Appear Be
fore the State Equalizers
VALUATIONS DISCUSSED
-Keports Are Filed to Show
That Operating Expenses
About Equal Gross Income
. --. - - . .
SACRAMENTO. July 26.-F. G. Beany,
i representing the Nevada County Narrow
J Gauge Railroad, appeared before the
I State Board of Equalization to-day for
j the purpose of discussing valuations and
j assessments.
I Tha corporation has twenty-seven miles
lof roadbed. Its gross earnings for the
I year were " $128,134 63. Its operating ex
j penses were J30.137 93, leaving a gross in
come of $37,996 75. Deductions for Interest
'on the bonds amounted to $16,131 and
j $30,816 SO was expended in redeeming five
I per cent bonds, so the balance sheet
shows a deficit, of $5950 id as the result of
the road's operation.
Beatty stated that the outlook for th«
' future was not encouraging, as the pro
; jected electric road running out of that
I" section to Auburn would materially re
duce their income. In consequence he re
quested a reduction of his assessment.
E. W. Clark, representing the Pacific
Coast Railway, was also in attendance on
the board.
This company has 76 miles of road,
but the valuation of rails and roadbed are
not given in his report. "The gross earn
ings for the year were $143,164 97 and th©
operating expenses $113,154 55, leaving a
gross Income of $32,010 42. From this is
deducted $5003 58 for taxe3 and $23,242 69
was expended in betterments and addi
tions, leaving a net surplus of $1764 15.
ACCUSED MURDERER MAKES
« SOMS INJURIOUS DENIALS
Grill* Statement* Will Be U«ed Asaiaat
Him Wben He J* Brodxht Up
. for Examination.
SANTA ROSA. July 26.— A, J. Grill,
who is in Jail here charged with the
murder of W. S. Pearce in Alexander
Valley Sunday night. 13 making: dentals
that are damaging his case. The coins
which he gave the dead man's , littl*
daughter and which he is supposed to
have stolen from her father are identi
cal with the coins Pearce is known to
have had just prior to his death. This
is one strong point against him. Grill's
examination will take place in Healds
burs next Friday.
YOUXG FARMER IS BADLY
MAIMED IN HARVEST FIELD
Hand I* Caught In Rnnnlnsr Belt of a
Threshing Machine and Ls
Torn OS.
SANTA ROSA. July 26.— An accident
occurred near this city this morning in
which James Thornton, a young farmer,
had his right hand torn off from his
arm and his body painfully bruised. He
was one of a threshing machine outfit
and was putting the belt on the revolv
ing drive wheel of the engine when his
arm got caught between the belt ana
the -wbeel rim. In an instant he was
jerked from the ground and drawn over
the wheeL The engine was quickly
stopped, but not before the unfortunate
man's hand had been torn off. *' '
Held for Trial on Forgery Charge, g
SAN JOSE. July 26. — Frank L. Mor
rill, who was arrested on June 23 for
attempting to pass checks to which he
had forged the name of J. O. Hayes, was
held to-day for trial in the Superior
Court. Morrill attempted to obtain IS
on a $50 check from Dominic Ferrant. a
saloonkeeper. When arrested a similar
check drawn on the First National
Bank for (75 and bearing the f orgea
signature of Hayes was found in his
possession.
Most of us would be contented with
what we have if only our neighbors
would be. satisfied with a little less.REPUBLICAN FORCES
ARE VIGILANT
Will Check Fraud at Polls
Prospects of Success Growing Brighter
A Remarkable chase of the present
political campaign is the proposition of
the Ruefltes to elect as delegates to the
Republican nominating convention men
who nave not the slightest intention of
supporting the nominees of the Republi
can narty at the election in November.
It is known in advance that it Is their
intention to support the Ruef-Schmitz
ticket. When the work of the Republican
convention is finished they will walk up
to Ruef headquarters and openly oppose
the nominees on the Republican ticket.
Take the Thirty-second Assembly Dis
trict Ruef ticket, for example, on which
ten of the proposed delegates hold posi
tions under the Uuef-Schmitz adminis
tration- It is reported at Republican
league headquarters that E. P. Boyle is
employed at the Corporation Yard. F. J.
Zimmermen and Charles Oodsil work Tor
the Board of Education, B. Kendrick
!:• 3ds a position under the Board of Pub
lic Works, B. E. Healy works at the Fire
Department Corporation Yard, "William
- "nvanagn drives the Potrero Hospital
ambulance, John J. Lairrove went to a
place under the Board of Publio Works
last Monday. It is asserted that all the
\u25a0^legates proposed by the Ruefltes in the
\u25a0 nitty-third intend to vote for Schmitz.
The absurdity of askir.gr Republicans to
ttrte for men who have resolved in ad
vance to fight the nominees of the party
js obvious. The Thirty-second District
case is not exceptional. Similar condi
tions prevail in the Thirtieth, Forty
fourth. Forty-fifth and other districts.
In the Forty-second Assembly District
the supporters of the McGowan ticket
claim that the delegates In opposition to
the ticket of the San Francisco Republi
can League will support the nominees of
tiie Republican convention, but the fact
exists, r.erertheless, that Ruef and Koine
2re their support t/> the McGowan
ticket. The Ruef-Keane ticket has b*en
v-Itl drawn, hence the fight is straight
between the forces of the league and the
McGowan following. The opponents of
j;.e league filed the following ticket yes
terday?
leorgj A, HeGowan, 420 Efldy street, at
torney At law; John A. Clover, Bt. Nicholas
Hotel, maaaeer New Home Sewing- Machine
t-rmpary; George R- Wells. 1004 Geary street.
Attorney at lawj Don R. 'Dunbar. 91* Geary
>tr*>«t president California Liauor Dealers'
Associations David Rinalfio TbO Van Ness
avenue, merchant, H. Rlnalflo & Co.; Jesse
D. Hump, 653 Ellis street, contractor and
builder; Samuel Barman, 820 Eddy street, re
tail ciffar and liquor dealer; Fred Bahlnorn.
Hyc> aod O'Famll etre*t, merchant; Henry
J. Angelo 167 Ash avenue, clerk; George D.
Coetlean, JOGS Post «treet, "physician and sur-
P"rc; Hubert GsJey. 1600 Folk street, whqle
*a:« end retail liquor dealer; Robert A. Grler,
I^2l Clay street, contractor and builder; Wll
liaxn M» Cooklls. 833 Golden Gate avenue.
Cor.kl'.n J&roa. ctorasre and deanine; H- D.
lij-me. 606 ETJIs street* salesman; W. A-
McQu'.tty, C 34 Eddy Ftreet, dentist: Thomafl
G. Ktfigm, 154 Golden Gate avenue, real e«tat«:
Frank Bell 84 Austin avenue, rripmani Henry
A. Duffleld, 1913 Lartdn, street, watchman;
Charles H. Bfte-ehorn. 1570 Jacfcsoa street re
tired merchant; Robert Graham. 1123 Eattei
pireet. carpenteri Harry B. Pratt, 834 Ellis
str<»et. aocouotant; Thomas Mansfield. 2054
Polk street, plumber) Milton M. Darts, 371
Jones street, attorney at Jaw; Thomai M.
Gennon. 16M Sacramento street, attorney at
law; Alfred Gerdes. 618 Lerkin street sale»
ir,zn; Louis Caeaten 615 "Pura; street, account
ant. Treasurer^ oflicej E. J. TaJbot 429 L«r
k'.n street, law clerk; Qeom B. Hanna. 404
Kddy ttreet. tookke«r>er.
Republican voters in th* Forty-Beoond
district ehould b«ar in xnlnd that th©
ticket of the ©an Francisco Republican
I^eapue i« anti-Ruef from top to bot
tom. • Moreover, it la the only regular
Republican ticket, as the county com
mutee. the governing body of the party,
has openly proclaimed its indorsement
of the league's work. It is a source of
regret to many Republicans that dissen
sions exist in the Forty-second, but the
straight-out Republicans cannot get into,
the Ruef camp to please Assemblyman '
McGowan.
The Republican League of the Thirty
fourth assembly district held a meeting
at Improvement Hall, Z>€9 Market street,
last night.
F. V. Meyers, the president, was in the
chair, and William Adams acted as sec
retary.
The list of delegates which had been
previously selected by the executive
committee cf seventeen was indorsed by
the cJub as a whole.
Short Fjweches were the order of the
evening. F. V. Meyers said he was sure
that the Republicans would have a vic
tr.ry provided they would all get out and
Tvork.- He said It was no use for each
<:'f> to depend upon his neighbor to do
the work. Each individual must get out
and do the work for himself. The elec
tion cf the primaries was close at hand,
and it was right here at this Juncture
i hat the Republican party wanted to get
::; its work.
E. M. Ritter spoke at length on the
betterment of San Francisco, and stated
Oat no improvement could exist until
there was a change in administration.
He concluded his talk by saying, "that
the present administration is rotten to
thr core."
The San Francisco Republican League
<s in possession of information that R.
TJurfeind. who is on the precinct elec
tion board, Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict, Eighty-first Primary Precinct, as a^
Democrat, served in the same capacltj'
as a Republican at the August primary.
1904. Notorious frauds were commit
ted In this precinct. There is also in
formation at League headquarters that
F. McMahon. Republican precinct elec
tion officer Seventy-third . Primary Pre
cinct, made two applications to serve
as a Democrat. The applications are in
the possession of the Grand Jury.
The system adopted by the Republican
League for watching the vote and the
tallying of returns will expose perjury
wherever It is practiced. The gang
strrs-- count on throwing the entire Alms- 1
house vote for the Maestretti ticket of '
the Thirty-ninth District- There is gossip |
in the tamp of politicians .to .the effect
that tho pauper vote will determine the
character of the delegation to the Re
publican convention. Special precaution
T.-il! bp taken to prevent the consumma
tion of fradulcnt votes in this district.
The. name of every Democratic inmate
who ".vote? a Republican ticket may be !
;>ubi!shed. r i
The prompt declination of Colonel John
t '. Kirkpatrick To run on the Peter. Kelly
tjckfct of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District leaves the ticket in* a sorry
;>!iglit.
WILL ALLOW TIME FOR VOTING.
Merchants' Aoaoplatlon Plan to Be
Adopted by Mnny Firm*.
Interest is being shown in the move
ment Inaugurated by the Merchants'
Association for business houses to re
main closed on August 8. primary elec
tion day. until 10 a.m. to give employes
time to vote. Big bunches of replies
are being received at the office of the
association approving the idea. In some
lines of business it is impracticable
to keep closed until 10 a. m., and firms
are making special arrangements for
closing at other times during the day
to give their employes time to vote.
The commission houses, dealing In
fruit and produce, are obliged to open
very early in the morning, and a move
ment is on foot for houses in this line
to rlose at 2 o'clock In the afternoon.
Some houses have only a few. voters
among their employes, most of them
being » women and girls? or men who
l!vc acroi-s the bay. Such houses have
notified! the association that those of
their employes who ajft voters will be
notified that ther will be excused until
10 a. m. One firm has ordered its em
ployes not to report until they have
all voted. Several large houses will
not open their places of business until
9 a. m.. and some have agreed to re
main closed all day. .
The following- firms notified the Mer
chants' Association yesterday that they
would remain closed until 10 a. m. on
primary election day: '•;;:
Shrevw & Co.. California Glue AVorki. In
ternational Mercantile Marine Company, C.
W. R. Ford & Co. Continental Bulldlnsr and
Loan Association; McCann Belcher & Alien:
TV. E. Dean, Golden West Plating "Works,
Bancroft-WhltaeJ- Company, Renters' Loan and
Trust Company, w; Clark* & Sons, Burnell &
Co., Autographic Register Company of San
Francisco Galloway Lithojraphlnf Company,
Caec&r Bertbeau. James Graham Manufactur
ing Company, K. Van Bergen & Co.. Par
rott & Co.. E. C Murray Alexander H. Keyes
Taylor A Bpot»woo4 Company. W* B. GltcMeni
Cunningham Distilleries Company Walter E
Martin. A. Gadner, Ga» Consumers' Assocla
tloa, Th« Insecticide Company. Levenson Com
peer. Union Wood and Timber Company O.
w. Reynolds Company, Charle* C. Moore &
Co.. Xprthera Coamercltl Company. Tawman
apd Erb« Maaufacturlnj Company. Shields
Eeti.t« Company, Dempster & Son B«lfa«t
Giar«r Ale Company. A. H. GreanbVrg; Hen
ihaw, Bulkley A Co. : K. A. Lundstrom. Meyer
stein Company. WaUrhouse & lister, Harry
Johaeon Company. Rhelnstrom Brothers. Simp
son Lumber Company. California Hydraulic
Enplneertn? and Supply Company; Eddy Fait
end American Tradlnr Company) Blebs Shoe
Company California, Rug Company. Interna
tional B,anklcr Corporation. J. P. Prater.
V ri £. e S_? Ut * 8 ai **» Company; Ahrent. Peln
& BullMnile; H. M. I>tt. Mendeleon Brothers.
Patto*len Company. Pioneer Automobile Com-
£ ft !S': ?.°SP ley Mm aaa Lumber Company.
Corfllnell-t ifccent Company.- Kullman. Sals &
Co.; A. Flelshhacker & Co.. W\ T. Beck &
Sons. Charlea M. Plum A-Co. Upholstery Com
pany. California Iron Tart. Buckingham &
FMfDS FRAUDULENT VOTER.
Election Board Learns T. w. Harring-
ton Gar* Registrar False Address.
Th« Board of Election Commission
ers last night found evidence of what
they take to be a false registration by
Thomas William Harrington, wlio gave
his address in his sworn affidavit as
the Hotel Hlggins. 233 O'Farrell street.
The Commissioners learned from the
proprietor and the servants of the hotel
that Harrington never has lived at
that address and that the room desig
nated is oocupled by E. F. Gray. The
man will be cited before the board and
if he cannot properly show ,a reason
Xor tha apparent giving of a false ad
dress it is likely that he will be turned
over to the officers of the law for prose
cution.
The board is having a hard time to
get a sufficient force of election of
ficers to serve on the day of the pri
mary election. . There are at present
nearly 100 vacancies which must be
filled. Many citizens have not answer
ed their summons and if they do not
obey the next one sent them they may
be prosecuted. Last night A. Kreig;
Henry Miller, the cattle king; M. Gavin,
Thomas Chandler, M. W. Hogan and M.
J. Fontana were excused for cause from
serving. Patrick J. Sheehy, 554 Folsom
street, and John C. Kirkpatrick, both
named as candidates to be voted on at
the primary, asked that their names be
Etrloken from" the ballot. The request
was allowed. . .
William Lyon, 653% Bryant street,
was cited to appear and show why his
name should not be stricken from the
register and on his failure to come be
fore the board the action was taken.
Judge Lawlor will sit in his court on
Thursday, July 27, and on Tuesday, Au
gust 2, for the purpose of hearing mat
ters concerning naturalization.
F. E. Preble, E. R. Faucompre and W.
W. Baueman were appointed deputies
in the Registrar's office for thirty days,
beginning August 1, at a salary of $100
per -month.
XO WORD FROM DEVICE COMPANY.
The Commissioners have not yet re
ceived a reply from the Standard Vot
ing Machine Company in answer to
their telegram that they would accept
the offer made to lend the city of San
Francisco 100 voting machines only on
condition that the members of the board
were not made individually or collec
tively responsible for their return and
safe condition.
S Members of the. Thirty-ninth District
Improvement Club appeared before the
Commissioners and asked that certain
voting booths in that district be moved.
As a result of their appeal, the booth
in the Sixth and Eleventh precincts at
Eighth and Point Lobos avenues was
moved to Sixth and Point Lobos ave
nues; the booth at Sixth avenue and
Clement street was moved to Ninth ave
nue and Clement street; the booth at
428 Twenty-fourth avenue was ordered
moved to 355 Twentieth avenue; the
booth in the Seventy-ninth Precinct
was unchanged. There was reason to
believe that the board had been duped
at its last meeting when It ordered the
booth In the Seventy-ninth Precinct
changed. It was learned last night that
the two men who appeared and-advo
cated the change, William F. Marls and
E. F. McMurray. were not living in that
precinct, as they represented them
selves to be.
The following printed Instructions
were ordered sent to the inspectors:
To the Inspector: During th» day of elec
tion you will direct the clerks to examine the
tally sheet and see that all the candidates'/
names are printed correctly therein, and if
not. have the clerks write the names 'that are
omitted. ~r
The attention of the Inspector is called to
; section 1141 of the Political Code, which reads
as follows : \u25a0 "If the Board of Election Com
missioners fall to appoint th# Board of Elec
tion, or the members appointed do not attend
at the opening of the polls on the morning of
the election. : the electors . of the precinct pres
ent at that hour may appoint the board or
supply the place of an absent member thereof.
By order of the Board of Election Commlssion
; ers. GEO. P. ADAMS, Registrar of Voters.
DRIVES OUT JIO.VEY LENDERS.
Commissioner L«fflngwell Introduced
the following resolution, which was
i unanimously carried:
Whereas, It has been the custom heretofore
of money broken to fill the hallways attached
to the Registrar's office on the night of elec
tion and to rent back rooms of saloons In the
neighborhood of the Registrar's office for the
purpose of advancing money to the election
officers; and - I \u25a0-
Whereas. It has interfered with the conduct
of the office and-has had a demoralising effect
upon the election officers who reach this office
with official returns of the votes polled at the
precincts: therefore be it !
Resolved. .That the Chief of Police be re
quested to detail an officer at the Registrar's
office at 6 p.m., August 8. 1905. for the pur
pose of keeping such persons from plying their
business in the hallways of the City Hail; and
b« It further
Resolved. That th* Chief of Police be re
quested to Investigate and forbid the use of
back rooms of saloons In proximity to the
Registrar's office Xor such use.
Certificate Must Be Issued.
City Attorney Long, yesterday ren
dered an opinion that ordinances Nos
267. 787 and 353 impose a duty on par
ties generating and supplying: electri
cal power to refuse to turn on the cur
rent in such installations until a cer
tificate of proper inspection has been
Issued by* the Department of Elec
tricity. The violation of this ; duty is
a misdemeanor which may be punished
as the"ordinances provide. The.oplnion
was desired In connection with supply,
ing of current to electric sfens.
\u25a0f. Don't jump at the conclusion that you
"can't" afford^to buy ' some -particular
thing Just yet — read the ads. and - find
out.
THE , .,S AN FRANCISCO CALL,: ; THURSD AY,S JULY 27, 1905;
SHORTAGE WILL
BE MADE GOOD
Treasurer McDougald Issues
Statement in Response to
Demand From the Mayor
LAEGE PABT PAID .-IN
Says He Hopes to \ Settle by
Tuesday and Explains the
Inheritance Tax Matter
City Treasurer John E. McDougald said
yesterday that he hopes to turn over to
the city treasury by next Tuesday the
money paid by Deputy Devoto to ex-
Tax Collector Smith on the latter's per
sonal check. McDougald has already
raised $10,575 among his friends and .by
contributions from labor organizations.
This leaves $5015 OS yet to be raised to
make good the shortage.
The Treasurer has been expecting that
tho surety company which was on De
voto's bond for $7500 would consent to
make some of the money good, notwith
standing its claim that" it is not respon
sible for any losses through the "error
of judgment" of the persons insured.
McDougald says that the company. would
only have about $5000 to pay and he will
endeavor to induce it to come to his as
sistance, now that the Mayor has notified
him to put the money back in the city
treasury.
McDougald Bays the $9935 70 paid out as
attorneys' fees for the collection- of col
lateral Inheritance taxes is a legal charge
under an amendment to an act which em
powers the Treasurer to employ special
attorneys to secure the payment of taxes
on collateral inheritances. McDougald
says that the entire amount did not go to
Arthur Flsk for fees, some of it having
been paid to John Partridge and one
Goodlng,
AWAITIX© DECISION.
As to the $3273 15 which the , Mayor
wants returned to the city treasury as
being commissions held out by McDoug
ald pending a court decision as .to
whether he Is entitled to commissions for
the collection of inheritance taxes, Mc-
Dougald says the money is now in the
treasury. The Mayor holds that Mc-
Dougald has no right to the money_in
view of the court decision compelling ex-
Treasurer Brooks to release his claim oh
several thousands of dollars similarly
held out by Brooks.
The Treasurer Issued the following
statement yesterday: • .
I received the letter from Mayor Schmltx this
morning and will reply to it forthwith. Con
cerning the charges therein made I will state
that of the shortage caused by the unfortunate
and Innocent cashing by former Deputy Treas
urer Devoto of the check for $15,65K), presented
by Tax Collector E. J. Smith, I have repaid
into the city treasury ithe sum of $10,675. Of
thU amount $10,000 was deposited by me In
tha treasury over a month ago. To meet the
ehortage r have turned over to the city every
dollar I Doesess and the balance has been
generously contributed by friends and \u25a0 labor
organizations. I desire to state. In this con
nection, that the city and county of San
Francisco haa not, and never will, loee one
dollar through any act of mine or of my
deputies.
NEVER TOOK FEES.
A* regards the collateral Inheritance tax
fees, I have never taken one dollar of the fees
allowed County Treasurers \u25a0 under the general
law. The attorneys' fees disbursed by me are
in accordance with an act of the Legislature
and I thoroughly satisfied myself as to tho
legality of these payments before making them-
In view of the Mayor's declarations, however,
I shall Immediately ask the City Attorney for
a written .opinion on the eubject and will
transmit it to the Mayor so that he too may
be satisfied in this regardJ
Incidentally' the necessity, for the employ
ment of attorneys to collect this tax is shown
by reference to recent proceedings In Judge
Coffey's court over the estate of J. M. Douglas,
where over $30,000 would have been lost to the
State If I had not secured attorneys to act.
This' is but one *of many similar Instances.
Over $780,000 of this tax has been . collected
and turned Into the State school fund during
my incumbency.' Tho balance of fees allowed
the Treasurer after the payment of attorneys
is on deposit In the vaults of the city treasury
and always has been there. Thta balance can
not be turned into the general fund until the
case of Brooks v«. the City and County of
San Francisco Is finally decided by the Su
; preme Court. That the city should be pro
tected I filed with the Board of Supervisors a'
stipulation waiving the etatute of limitations.
In conclusion I will state that I have violated
no provision of the charter or of the statutes
of this State and have always conducted- my
office In accordance therewith.
FOUE TH-STEEET SEWER
CONTEAGT AWARDED
Board of Works Takes Steps
to Carry Out Many
Improvements.
The Board of Works yesterday award
ed the contract for a sewer In Fourth
street from Howard to Channel to the
City Street Improvement Company for
$73,987 66. ..
The United Railroads sent, a communi
cation that it" will be unable to Join In
the proposition to use salt water of
fered to the city by the Merchants' Ice
Company, because it has not the neces
sary equipment.
Four bids were opened for the paving
of Valencia street from Eighteenth to
Army streets, the City Street Improve
ment Company being the lowest; two
bids for Improving H street from Fortv
fifth avenue to the Great Highway, the
lowest bidder being Owen McHugh, and
two- bids for oiling Fulton street from 1
street to Twelfth avenue, 'the lowest
being from C. S. Harney. The awards of
contract were taken under advisement
The contract awarded to J. G. Har
ney to restore bitumen pavements over
side sewer trenches at- 10. cents a square
foot was rescinded, there being, a ques
tion of its legality, and new bids were in
vited for next Wednesday.
Bids will be received on August 16 for
the construction of the, Washington
Grammar School at an estimated cost
of $119,000.
Bids will be received on August 2 for
repairs to bituminous pavements for
which $24,000 Is available.
The City Engineer was directed to pre
pare plans for .paving Van Ness avenue
from Gearv to Eddy and from McAl
lister to Fulton streets with. bitumen.
The board received plans from the City
Engineer for the new Sixth street main
sewer and tributaries at#a cost of -$60,
000 and the plans for a sewer in Persia
avenue and Mission street, to cost ; $30,
000. The board asked the Supervisors for
authority to contract for the work, and
the Street Committee : later took favor
able action on the; request." ;\u25a0! —
' The board also asked .7 the 'Supervisors
for $2000 to pay. the | engineering expenses
for a sewer running from McAllister and
Jones across Market and | along { Seventh
streets to . Howard* and f or . a \u25a0 sewer in
California street, ".between- "Twenty
fourth and Twenty-ninth avenues,' the es
timated I cost of \u25a0: each sewer being $20,000.
The board notified : the United Railroads
to put Berry street and Kentucky > street
from Fourth to Twenty-third in passable
condition. •
Serious Forest Fire* In Idaho.
SPOKANE. .Wash.. July .26.— Forest
fires are. reported ;/ along the . St. * Joe
River in : Idaho/between ; the towns '-\u25a0- of
St. Marys; and-; St. : Joe.:; Owing^ to ithe
extreme dryness of the timber, the fires
are ' reported * to £. be | spreading '« rapidly,
and serious (damage r may result)
CAPTAIN GEORGE F. BROWN OF ENGINE NO, 2. "WHO SAVED THREE PER
SONS FROM DROWNING AT CAMP MEBKERI -NELLIE ROHLFS WAS THE
ONLY OXE OF THE IMPERILED PARTY WHOSE LIFE WAS LOST.
SEEK SUPPLIES
IN THIS CITY
Agents of the Eirm Which
Is to Build . Lagiina Dairi
Are Here From* the East
San" Francisco merchants will be af
forded ian. opportunity^to furnish .the
material to^be. used' in the construction
of the Laguna dam near 'Yiima,! Ariz.,
work upon-which the Government"ex
pects'to.have under way,.very_ soon. • ; .
Among the arrivals at the ; Palace
yesterday were several representatives
of J. G. White & Co. of New York, one
of the largest contracting, firms -in, the
world, to whom has been awarded the
contract' for constructing, the -Immense
dam ten. miles north of . . Yurqji. . f or
which the Government has appropri
ated $800,000. . -,',- ;
In the party that arrived \u25a0 yesterday
are H. J. Slifer. business, manager! of
the firm; A. S. Crane," its.hydraullc en
gineer; C. G. Young, manager of the
firm's construction department, and
George Seymour,' who will superintend
the work on the dam." \u25a0.•... :_\-
The representatives of the. firm have
corrie to San Francisco to get bids for
material. They also want men'to per
form the labor. The dam' is one of two
that the Government proposes- tot-build
on the Colorado River* in the carrying
out of it£. gigantic reclamation project.
That. the contract awarded to White &
Co." is. an Important matter- can
be imagined when it Is said that It calls
for the excavation of 305,000 -cubic
yards of solid rock, 252, 000 -cubic yards
of earth and will require the laying .of
27,150 yards of cement, 80,000 square
yards of paving and the placing in po
sition of 53,000 sheet-piling. The dam
proper will be about 200 "feet in length.
The contract calls for the completion
of the work within. two seasons.but the
contracting l firm has announced; its .'in-,
tentlon to complete the work in one
season. Upon / this- point Manager
,Slifer said yesterday:
The reason we are desirous of completing
the .work in one . season is . to , avoid the , flood '
waters. \u25a0 which .woul-i. necessitate a 'complete
reorganization of .our . working force . at .the
beginning of the new, season and naturally the
expenditure of more \u25a0; money Our firm has
established temporary ; quarters ; here while we
are • securing -our material and laborers.- .It
rests with the merchants of San : Francisco
and Los Angeles -as to which will sell us
supplies, " for both cities will -. be permitted to
bid. Among the main: supplies we -.will have
to ' purchase \u25a0 here \u25a0 will : be . drills.- , pumps ' and
dredgers." Our firm Intends to purchase all it 3
supplies on • the coast, .it having v been. decided
that . we would be one - of- you as -, long as we
are- with you. It is estimated , that • 500 men
will be needed to perform the work, on the big
dam, and these; are now being gathered'to
gether here.
White & Company have only re
cently completed the construction of the
electric railway: system' in the city of
Manila, which they .are; now operating,
and they are alsorextensively engaged
lnsteel structural work- in London and
other parts of 'the world. ,-;..-.\u25a0 \u25a0
ENGINEERS DISCUSS COLORADO.
River : Is Overflowing . on to the ' Desert
and Canaliic Serlou* Concern. .
Plan s ; for the control of "the ' coiirs'e
of the Colorado; River Ho"; prevent its
leaving, its present -bed and wasting
its waters in -an almost; unapproachable
desert, \ or j destroying, portions of irri
gated ; land; J within its reach, are being
discussed r by . the iboard ; '. of .->' engineers'
that are part of theVUnlted States recla
mationservice: The first; meeting, of the
board ywas \ held i yesterday, morning, and
thesesslonvwas confined: } to a discus
sion of the C methods , of -procedure':" for
the construction ofj the ; Laguna dam ; on
the' Colorado River above iYumai Ariz.
!': \u25a0. The ; contractors ; for r theYconstructidn
of the'rdam 'v were \bef ore^the ; board,' and
the I entire % day?; was \u25a0, spent ; Iri> the -dis
cussion * of l the -.construction; /which J in
volves I the^consideration ' and 'overcom
ing 1 \u0084.-o f. various^ grave/^engineering
probl ems. : .The plan s have already . been
prepared^ for the .work, \u25a0 and: they .-i have
been • carefully/ examined f by j the - engi -"
neersi prior ; to; the 'discussion 7 of -them
> yesterday. >;• The ; result^ of £-; ; the inquiry
.will -be ;reported?to lthe ; Government." >o
: ".The f ! members :'of 5. the I board 'comprise
J.VB.:Llpplncbtt; of ithisV district,^ W.^H/
WILL REVIVE
TRAFFIC ROW
Salt lake Officials Still
Insist on Interchange
< AgreeinehtWith Harriman
General Manager R. E. Wells and Gen
eral Freight and Passenger Agent E. W.
Glllett of the- San Pedro. Los Angeles
and.Salt.Lake road are coming here from
Los, Angeles at the end of the week for
the^purpose of reopening the discussion
with Freight Traffic Manager Sproule of
the Southern Pacific Company regarding
the interchange of traffic between the two
roads : at; their Southern California ter
minals.
\u0084w he ,? Uestion has » rov oked considerable
Hl-feeling between the officials of the two
roads. Sproule, about two months ago
declined to concede any privileges in this
direction to the Clark road, and the of
ficials of the latter later carded the mat
ter to a conference between Senator Clark
and E..H. Harriman in. New York, when
Harriman sustained- his Southern Pacific
freight authority and the traffic repre
sentatives of the Clark road returned
home In anything but the best of spirits
Now It is proposed to take the matter up
again. Local ' railroad men. who have
been studying the situation, believe that
some understanding will be ' arrived at
between' the two reads, but they doubt
whether the concessions that" will prob
ably be made by Freight Traffic Manager
Sproule will come within, a reasonable
distance of the hopes of the officials of
the, Clark road.
Despite the denials from the officials of
'the: Clark, road that the Montana Sena
tor'and Harriman are not getting along
well in regard to their railroad interests
in- the West, it is common talk "through
out the railroad world that they are at"
outs and that Harriman is carrying out
a plan, long ago devised, to eventually
freeze Senator Clark out of the "San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake road,
in which they each now hold an equal
interest. According to the gossip in this
city, Los Angeles and. Salt Lake, Presi
dent Harriman Is looking forward to an
early date when he will have secured the
Clark interest in the s Salt Lake road, re-"
duced its present dignified position in the
railroad world as a Western competing
line to that of 'an ordinary division of
the Oregon Short Line, and -placed his
operating. and traffic officials in absolute
control of : Its destinies.
, lt.ls generally understood that Harri
man, when he has realized this ambition,
will make :W. •H. Bancroft its manager,
or rather attach it to the Oregon Short
Line, of which Bancroft la vice president
and general manager, and give the direc
tion of its traffic business to T./M. Schu
macher, traffic manager of the.' Oregon
Short Line, who has of late been taking
a' great deal of interest in the affairs- of
the , new road.
.To his most intimate friends Senator
Clerk has 1 admitted that he is well aware
of the plans of-|£arriman toget control
of the Salt ( Lake road. > Only | recently he
remarked Hhat he .would rather turn his
interests in the road over, to the Goulds
than be tricked iby his railroad rival.and
thus I afford '„ the strongest j opponent- of
Harriman in the West an excellent means
of, reaching Los, Angeles, while the West
ern Pacific is" paralleling the Southern Pa
cific by-way ; of * Salt ' Lake. >A : bitter flgh t
between. Harriman and; Clark was 'ex
pected; after? their : meeting In . New York,'
but- Senator; Clark's recent serious Illness
Is supposed to 'have caused a' cessation of
hostilities. ; ' ;- ' - .
Sanders, consulting, engineer of* the
Arizona" district; . L. H. .Taylor, who Is in
charge' in ; ' Nevada; - and D. C.:" Henry.'
The" deliberations; will last three' .or,
four days, ; and a report of " the 1 ; inquiry
and finding will be forwarded to .Wash
lhfftoh'fe" The -consensus of : opin ion l . is
that* there 5 are " several : grave problems
along'.the driver, to -be overcome, and ia
day will be devoted to the discussion of
"each; '.; -_'.'.' '. ''- \ \u25a0 -. "' C £ ''" ' .
-.One of, the largest pictures ever painted
has :, been < completed .by; a ; ; French .artist f
after reight'yearsViabor.V- '.The; subject r ;ia I
theT' funeral. of M. Carnot, and the canvas I
measures : 150 ; sauare yards. % . >\
FIRE CAPTAIN
PROVES A HERO
George F. Brown of Engine
dumber Two Saves Three
From Death by jDrowning
SWBIS.THKIGE TO SHOKE
Pulled FrbmWater Exhaust
ed\After Carrying Helpless
Women^ to Landing Place
Friends of Captain George F. Brown of
Engine Company.. No. 2. who is -urnmer
lng at Camp Meeker, have been sending
him I congratulatory messages upon the
bravery he displayed recently In attempt-
In*; the rescue of Mlsa Nellie Rohlfs from
drowning and. saving three other victims
from death.
Miss Rohlf s, who is a . San \u25a0 Francisco
girl, was one of a merry party that em
barked .on : Laki ' Sylvania at Camp
Meeker and met death* in the waters of
t"ne lake -by the overturning of the boat.
.At- the ; time, of the accident Captain
Brown,' who i_ was : staying at hls« Wash
ington, lodge,' heard their cries for help
and : ran Aat \u25a0 top speed to the' rescue.
Hardly . stopping to divest himself of
superfluous clothing he plunged into the
lake and; struck out for. the excursionists,
who were floundering in the water.
The.captaiii is. a strong swimmer, and
twice he made, the trip from the scene
of the disaster to the" shore, each time
bearing one- of the unfortunates. For a
third time he essayed the trip, and again
be brought a. helpless woman to the land.
At the end of his third trip, "however, he
had \ to be.l ifted" from the water,' being
exhausted. . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 " ' .;
' Other swimmers and boats "wer* on 'the
scene, but " r too later to save Miss" Rohlfs.
who sank' for a third time, and repeated
diving: failed to find her. After- being
taken from the water the captain was
very weak, but with a few hours' rest
was able to 'be. up," and around to receive
the praises of -his admirers at the sum
mer resort.
HALLOCK LEAVES PACIFIC. .,
f COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
Will Be Snccc-eded as City Ticket
Agent by Present Chief Clerk
Harry Jarobnon.
The local transportation world was
considerably, surprised yesterday when
the announcement was made that G. /W.
Hallock, for. the last five -years city pas
senger agent of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, : had resigned. Hal
lock will retire from his position on
August 1 and* will engage in a more
lucrative and private business. It is
announced by General I Passenger
Agent C. ."• D. Dunann- that Hal
lock's successor Is to be Henry Ja
cobson, who has been chief clerk at
the uptown ticket office of the com
pany for ten years. Jacobson's appoint
ment Is a popular one on the street,
for he has a. host of frlends-among the
railroad men. who, while regretting to
lose the association of Hallock, are
pleased to hear of Jacobson's advance
ment.
It Is also given out that the company
has decided -to create the position of
district passenger agent, but Dunann
declined to- make public his 'choice for
the place, explaining -that negotiations
between himself and the desired -party
have not been satisfactorily completed.
He. however, stated that -the man he
has in mind is at present engaged In
railroad business outside of San Fran
cisco. "•" •\u25a0 ;i^-\ ;\u25a0 • \u25a0:_,.. ".vV-ri-V-f:-^
Surveyor General of j Utah.
OYSTER BAT/L. 1.. July 28.— Thomas
Hull of "Utah \u25a0 has been appointed by
President- Roosevelt, as • Surveyor Gen
eral of Utah", an office 5 under the Gen;
eral Land Office. "- . - . ;
OuyMow
Come to this Piano isale
At this Clearance- Sale every piano in the
store is reduced in price--many instrumdnts as
much as SS 1 00.
Any piano can be purchased on easy terms.
We will sell you a : reliable, guaranteed make for
$6 down and $6 a month.
; If you had bought one of these pianos on
easy • terms at its jregular price over a year ago
you would now, only, have as much paid, on
, it as you save all at once, in" buying at this sale.
v Just think! Pay - $6, have the piano .deliv-
ered .and it is j_us£^ -as if you .had made 16 pay- .
ments. The -$ioo ; you save equals almost a year
and "a- half's payments.
-Where else could you get a reliable . piano
for S6 a month at $icx> less than the regular
-\u25a0*\u25a0'-- ' ' ' ' ' \u25a0
mw Vf o y\i± v Cor. Post and Kearny
ivonler & Chase u^^^^u^.
HAS NOT SEEN
HER SINCE 1863
Colorado Man Is on His Way
to Join Woman He Married
During the Civil War
WEBS ON HIS FURLOUGH
Leaves After Three Days and
Until Now Has Lacked the
.Funds to Pay Fare Home
\u25a0pedal Dispatch to Toe Call.
DURANGO. Cola, July 26. — Henry dv
Cann. who has not ' seen his wif a in
forty- two years, left this evening for
Detroit. Mich., where ehe is living. Dv
Cann married in 18«$ while home from
the war on a furlough, having: enlisted
in the First Michigan' Cavalry. Aft»r
beinsr with his bride tljree days ha
rejoined his regiment and at the cloa»
of the war* started out to find work.
In his search for ' employment ha
drifted We« until he reached Salt Laks
City, where he remained several ye~ar*.
He followed mining and various oc
cupations and has been all over th«
West. During all the^e years hlsr wlf •
waited for him to return and he con
tinually hoped and expected to either
send for his wife or go back to her.
but the fates seemed always against
him aiyi he never prospered.
During their forty-two years of sep
aration they kept up a regular corra
spondftnee. Dv Cann saya she i 3 one of
the best women in the world to wait so
long for him and that their separation
was caused by a disagreement. H<»
has been working on a sheep ranch
near Durango for several months and a
few days ago received $1500 back pen
sion money.
With this he hopes to establish .him
self In some business by which he can
keep himself and wife the remainder
of tneir days. Dv Cann Is 63 years old
and his wife is about the same as*.
GHANEY'S SUIT AGAINST \u25a0.'-;'• - J
THE CITY IS SUBMITTED
The Board of Supervisors mada ap
pearance, through Assistant City Attor
ney Brobeck. before Judge Sloss yes
terday on an order to show cause why
It has refused to audit the bllU of E.
M. Graney against the Fire Commis
sioners for. shoeing the horses of tha
department. The demand involved in
the suit amounts to $2171 75 and covers
services from August to Decembar.
1904. A » Graney has continued to shoe
the horses of the department, however,
his total claim is In tha neighborhood
of $6000.
Secretary o* the. Board of Fire Com
missioners McCarthy testified as to the
accuracy of the bills. Then tha City At
torney raised the point that. bids for
shoeing were so advertised as to pre
clude every one except Graney from
accepting the contract. This Attorney
Choynski, representing Graney. denied,
"then It was asserted that Graney had
used machine-made shoes when hand
made shoes were called for in tht* speci
fications. John F." Kennedy, an employe
of Graney, testified that a majority of
the shoes were hand-made, and ha was
corroborated by William J. Tobin, act
ing superintendent of horses, who said
the work was satisfactorily done. After
argument tha case was submitted for
decision..
Xtw Bank for Rrdondo.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The Comp
troller of the Currency has approve*!
the First National Bank of Redondo.
California, capitalized at $200,000. Di
rectors: Herman W. Hellman. W. H.
Holliday. M. H. Hellman. L. C Brand
and L. F. Wells.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
CHASES BOYS AND FALLS
IN A FATAL FIT.
David Hirschfeld, a
Pioneer, Victim
of. Apoplexy.
Anger Over Acts o
Hoodlums Brings
ALAMEDA, July 26.— While verbally
chastising and chasir.e some boys who
had storied his Japanese gardener, Jiro
iloko'to, - last evening at eight o'clock,
David Hirschfeld, a prominent pioneer
resident, fell senseless to the sidewalk, a
victim of apoplexy. He passed away this
morning at three o'clock at his residence,
ifcOO Central avenue, without having re
gained consciousness. That his loss of
tcinper at the malicious acts of the boys
in hurling rocks at the little brown man
brought on the apoplectic stroke is the
opinion of Dr. A. A. Stafford, who at
tended the patient. -
Acording to members of the Hirschfeld
household, a gang of youn^ hoodlums
had for several nights previous to last
night annoyed the Japanese gardener by
\u25a0throwing' rocks at him while he was em
ployed in sprinklinp the lawn. When
-the youths begen their usual assault
last night Mokoto called for help and
Hirschfeld hurried from the interior of
the house and thoroughly angered at
their brutality scored them severely and
began a pursuit of the boys. He had fol
lowed the hoodlums but a short distance
when he sank helpless upon the pave
ment, where he was found by George
Grieg and carried back to his residence.
H'rschfeld was a native of Berlin, Ger
many, aged €2 years, and for thirty years
bad lived here. He was formerly a man
of wealth and owned a large tract of
land at the East End. He always took
an active part in matters appertaining to
the city'B welfare. Hirechfeld was en
paged In the real estate business in San
Francisco and maintained offices in the
"Mills building. He is survived by a wife,
Emma Hirschfeld. Louis Saroni of San
Francisco and Henry Saroni of New
York are brothers-in-law of the deceased.
An inquest will be held by Coroner H.
B. Mehrmann at the undertaking parlors
of Smiley & Gallagher.
BOY TELLS STRANGE
TALE OF ROBBERY
Berkeley Youth Says He Was
Chloroformed on the
Campus.
i BERKELEY. July 26.— A 6trange tale
of robbery and melodramatic administra
tion of chloroform in broad daylight was
reported to the Berkeley police this af
lernoon by Rock ward Flint, the fourteen
!jear-old son of Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Flint
of 1911 Henry street. According to Flint's
Ktory he was accosted by a tramp in a
lonely and thickly wooded . part of the
University of California campus about 11
..oVlock to-day, chloroformed and robbed
'of a gold ring, which was the only thing
of value he had on his person. When
the lad recovered from the effects of the
drup it was* past 1 o'clock and he "was
lying in the bottom of a ravine about
twenty feet from where the original as
sault took Dlace.
The assault was reported to the Berke
ley .police this afternoon and Deputy
Marshal Moran was at once detailed on
the case. One susjject was arrested to
night, but was released, as young Flint
was unable to identify him as his as
sailant. Flint is employed by J. D. Jay,
a Shattuck-avenue grocer. He was re
turning through the university grounds
after having performed an errand.
""I was passing through the woods just
beiow the university orchard," said Flint
In telling his story to the police, "when
I noticed a tall man with black hair and
a Van Dyke beard sitting on the bank of
a ravine. He had a roll of blankets lying
on the ground beside him. He called to
me and asked me where I was working.
I told him and then he said. 'Sit down a
while and talk to me.* I walked over to
him and as I was about to filt down be
side him he clapped a handkerchief un
der my nose. That's all I remembered
until I came to and found myself lying at
Jhe bottom of the ravine. My pockets
were turned inside out and -my gold ring
was gone. I did not feel hurt. except that
my lips and nose felt swollen and; pained.
I hurried a^ fast as I could back io the
store and tftld Mr. Jay what had.hap
pened." ;';..-
Trades Council El«ct. Officer*.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Officers for , th©
ensuing term were elected last night by
the Building Trades Council of Ala
meda County. The. only close,, contest
•uas that for the... office, of business
agent, in which D. C Crawford was de
feated by J. 8.-. Bo wen, . . JJhe.. newly,
elected officers are:
President. R. M. Hamb; vice president. J.
TV. Bibby: corresrpendinr and recording.secre
tary. F. H. Pratt: financial secretary. R. P.
Gale: treasurer.. C. R. , Elder; sergeant .at
arms. W. E. Berry; buslnesur ase^i^ dr. .$.
Bowen: trustees — J. Scott,' Rv WesC W. 'C.
Kruger. C. M. Phllbrtck.yJ. G. Stout: organ
izing committee — E. . Thompson. \C . JL- Coni
wall. C. R. McGurn. C. J. Williams. A. Bor
den: law and legislative committee— W. • Rol re,
R. TVland, W. E. IVrreau. I*. E: i Humphrey.
W. J. Parr; executive comnjltt** — D. K^oghV
L. Mittson. N. S. Clark. H. Fisher, - I R. . P.
Gale, Morris Soanlon, W. Van Haltren,' ' C.
Chrlst^nsfn. R. P. Poorman. J. T. Kerns, J.
Kcott, C. Camp. U C. Milhr, J. J. Byrne. A.
Prather. C. M. Philbrlck. E. Thompson. A.
Arnold. L. E. Humphrey. A. B. I^ewis, C. R.
! McGurn nnd F. C. Gartner.
plans for the celebration of Labor
iiay In Oakland are now well under
way, and it has been decided to hold a
joint picnic of Ihe local and San Fran
cisco unions after the parade. The
members of the committee in charge of {
this feature are: :
W. J. Baccus. T. M. Latimer. Louis Matt- )
son. W. Elder. G. W. Scadden, C. O'Neill,' '
William Hendershot. Morris Scanlon. J. p. <
Burke, F- H. Pratt. V. .Berry. J. Bryne, M. J
Moarijrues, L. A. Miller. H. Prather. C. M. I
Phllbrlck. A. Wilson. L. E. Humphrey, B. 1
D. . Unclpber. E. F. Kelley, C. H. McGurn I
and A. B. Lewis. ' j
The local Retail Clerks* Union In-,
stalled the following officers last, night
for the ensuing term:
J. C. Tretheway, president: Lawrence
Hyde, first vice president: Richard Noble, sec
ond vice president; H. W. Roessner, treas
urer; C. J. Curran. secretary; Al Ehemway,
guide; R. King, puardian.
Many to Visit Portland.
OAKLAND, July 26. — Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley will be well repre
sented on the Board of Trade excursion
to the Lewis and Clark Exposition that
leaves this city on Monday,' August \u25a0' 7.
Many tickets for the trip have already
been reserved, and it Is expected that
the special train will be* taxed to Its
full 'capacity.
DAVID JHRSCHFELD. A PIONEER RESIDENT: OF •' ALAMEDA. WHO. 1 WAS"
. . SEIZED WITH APOPLEXY WHILE CHASING A GANG OF YOUNG HOOD-"
LITMS. HE DIED AT HIS HOME IN THE EXCINAL CITY YESTERDAY
AFTERNOON. -•\u25a0• '
ASK REDUCTION
ON VALUATIONS
OAKLAND, July 26.— The matter of the
reduction of assessments on a number of
pieces of property was brought up for the
consideration of the Board of Equaliza
tion to-day, and . that . the old Merrill
mansion on Telegraph avenue was not
what it used to be was demonstrated by
the fact that John Conant asked fora re
duction on its assessment from $7500 to
$500. Once.it was the light and life of a
gay and happy throng, out it has gone
sadly to decay, but not to the extent that
Conant claims, according to the opinion
of the equalizers. When they found that
it was insured for $5000 they agreed to
lower it to that figure.-.,
L. J. Hardy was . granted a reduction
from $1100 to $750 on the Hardy home
stead on Castro street. Al • Wood was
granted a reduction from $2100 to $10 on
his Ji^se at Thirtieth and Grove streets,
as it was virtually assessed before it was
built. R. S. Farally got' a mortgage as
sessed for $5000 reduced to $4000, the cor
rect amount. ' Marilla P. Howard was
granted a reduction from $1200 to $900 on
a piece of property on East Twelfth
street. The petition of Julius -Quinchard
for the reduction of property valued at
$4500 to $3000 in Alameda was, denied.- He
took the denial with a very. bad grace
and wished to know if there was not an
other board before . whom., he could ap
pear. '.„• , - '-'"\u25a0 .
County Assessor . Dalton has completed
his revised figures! on i the total assess
ment . of • the county In which he shows
that the" total' assessed value of property
in 'this county amounts ' to $114,649,718.
UNHAPEt;SPOUSES^
IN'DIYOKCE COURT
Rodney v J"; .Sinclair Cliarges
' Cruelty^Sadie.Downing
Wa'iity a Separation.
OAKLAND. July 26.-Charging his
wife -with cruelty, Rodney F. Sinclair of
308 East Sixteenth street, who is a sales
man for his brother, F. Sinclair of ; the
Oakland Produce Company, has begun
suit for divorce against-Arameda Sinclair.
Sadie Downing has brought suit, for di
vorce against Charles Downing on the
ground of failure "to ' provide; . She asks
for the custody of their, child.
An interlocutory decree of divorce was
granted Frank D. Cruesa to-day from
Elnorah LI Cruess on the ground of \ her
cruelty. She stole' his money that he had
intrusted to her, amounting . to $120, "and
left him a few months after 1 they . were
married, after making life" miserable 7 ; for
him by neglecting to -prepare meals, for
him or to show him any of the ordinary
acts of courtfesy. _- " • '"
Interlocutory decrees were also granted
Annie Rae from Frederick . Rae .. > t for
cruelty and Flora E. Howard from Frank
K.* Howard on the ground of desertion^/.
' Final decrees were granted -Ida Fiest
from Clay H. Flest for cruelty and Eliza
beth- Meek from Daniel T.\ Meek for de
sertion. ..
INCENDIARY . FIRES STABLE.— Alameda,
July 20. — S. A. Hagy'R barn, at- the. south
end of Walnut street, . wag discovered to be on
fire ycßterday, and an Investigation made ' by
Chief - Fred Krauth .of the '% flre department
dleclosed that a quantity of rubbish and - In
flammable material had - been •'\u25a0 piled beneath
the structure and Ignited.* The blaze .was ex
tlnKUi»hed- by Alfred . Wyber and Vr. ;J, M."
Young, with damage nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO \u25a0 CALL, THURSDAY; JULY 27, 1905.
DR. MEHRMANN
THE HERO OF
SCOTT CAMP
OAKLAND. July 26.— 1t la not often that
one Coroner has an opportunity to rob. an
other of a case and at the 'same time win
grlory for himself, but that is what' Df-H. B.
Mehrmann. Oakland's morgue official, succeed
ed In doing a few days ago. The genial doctor
and his wif« have been enjoylne a etay at
the J. Walter Scott camp on Russian' River,
and recently their host and v hostess planned
a trip by steamer to ; Bohemia. Grove. As Dr.
Mehrmann was about to Impose. bis "200 pounds
of stalwart manhood upon the steamer's deck
a scream, drew his attention to the fact that
same woman In a rowboat had carelessly
fallen overboard. - In all the glory of. his out
ing clothes. Dr. Mehrmann sprang to the rce
cue, regardless of the fact- that he was prob
ably depriving hie Sonoma County confrere
of a perquisite. He and the careless lady
were soon ashore, none the worse for the im
promptu bath, and now the doctor is buby
dodgfng the assortment .of halos that his friends
insist on fitting about hie head.
Another visitor to the Scott camp who is
gaining laurels and a reputation for unveraclty
Is W. A. Schrock. He claims — and some of his
friends stand in— that he landed a fine eight
pound bass In about ten minutes last Monday
morntri.
Eagle's Nest, the name, by the way, of
this camp of many happenings. Is one of the
finest on the Russian River, and • the Scotls
have spent, every summer there for years.
The Oscar Lunlngs also have a beautiful
camping-place on the Russian River, a swim
ming pool, electric lights. and every other con
venience,, making, it a rarely. comfortable and
up-to-date summer home. Usually a large
party enjoys the summer at Lurilng- .camp,
but this" year Mr. and Mrs. L.uning,are taking
their pleasures very quietly alone.
..One of Oakland's popular officials, Street In
spector W. W. Blair, became a benedict this
evening, his bride being Miss- Emma- Wells.
Mr. Blair has guarded the secret of his little
romance very carefully, so that the news of
his marriage. Is rather a surprise. The wed
ding .took Dlac« at the home of the bride's
father. Captain Wells, at 52 Hamilton 'place
The honeymoon Itinerary will Include - Port
land, and when Mr. and Mrs. Blair return they
will continue to reside In Oakland.
Distinguished visitors, like angels, are some
times entertained unawares. Mrs. Minnie Mad
dern Flske has been spending & few quiet days
at the home of her cousin, Mrs. Jack London,
wtio was a Mlrfs Maddern before* her marriage
some yeare ago with the well-known j novelist.
Mr. and Mrs. John- Hlnkel of Berkeley Joined
the northbound procession last Saturday night
and are now In Portland. : They will probably
visit Seattle and other cities of the. north be
fore returning. - '
: BERKELEY. July 26.-^One of the prettiest
\u25a0weddings-- of ' the season took ; place in * St
Mark's Church to-nfEht when Miss. Ellse Wel
don • became the bride of George Oxley. The
nuptials were '.solemnized at 1 8:30 . o'clock in
the presence of over a hundred friends. Rev-
Robert Renlson, \u25a0 rectoiV' of < St. Matthew's
Church, performed '- the ceremony. lie . was
assisted .by . Rev. W. R. Hodgkln. curate of
St. Mark's. \u25a0
Miss Marie ' Weldon, a' sister of the bride,
wag maid of honor, while Walter i Gompertz
supported the groom. .The six. bridesmaids
were Miss. Bessie -Forse. \u25a0 Miss Ethel- Oxley
Miss MattleLowden. Miss Minnie Hussey and
Miss Rena- Johnson. Little -Miss'- Gweneth
Tamage acted as ring girl. The ; bridal party
made almost; beautiful .picture , In the- prettllj
decorated church. ; . . ..
- After the . honeymoon.' • trip Mr. and . Mrs
Oxley will reside in Berkeley."---
v In«lor»e« .Mayor's Plan.
OAKLAND. July.;- 26.— Resolutions
.have been adopted by .the; Merchants'
'Exchange' specially/ indorsing u the | por
tion of Mayor Frank K. Mott's 'recent
message' to the City CounciL suggesting 1
the ' passage of an ordinance^ requiring 1
contractors \u25a0 and "others J who . have ; occa-'
;slon ; .to ;tear; ud"; the streets- to .put:: them
back in good condition; and . a'commit
tee h^si been appointed :to cohfer;.with
the Mayor, on ithe subject .•;*,. -\u25a0>:. : -
The : directors; of •' the) exchahgre? have
also \u25a0"\u25a0 •: appointed .-- a .'; committee ", to " t look
for new. quarters^ for ithia. : organization*
FIREMAN REMOVED.— Oaklan<j;-July 26.—
F. . B. Schmidt, i extraman of . Engine < Company
{.v-wm .removed - : : to-day "by, the ?. Police ™ and
Klrc Commlsnloners.- ' Albert. Taylor was: ap-
Doiated to tba vacancy. •>.--,- •-. ' >
DEATH TAKES
AGED RECLUSE
Widow Lemon Passes On
After Many Years of Seclu
sion in Her Husband's Shop
LEAVES STORE INTACT
For Nearly Four Decades Jthe
Dust and Cobwebs Gathered
Undisturbed by a^Hermit
OAKLAND, July 26. — After living for
thirty-five years among the dusty, cow
webbed relics of her dead * husband's
apothecary shop, Mrs. Mary Ann Lemon,
84 years old, was found dead to-day in
her room.
When. her spouse, Dr. Lemon, one of
Oakland's early day characters, , died
his wife immediately barred and Shut
tered the drug store at 706 Broadway
and from "the day , of Lemon's death to
the. hour of her' own passing- , 'Mrs.
Lemon -did not disturb an article, that
the old-time shop contained.
Soon after Dr. Lemon's* demise Mrs.
[Lemon developed a monomania for at
i tending funerals. It was her only de
parture from the hermit-like existence
the grieving woman set herself to fol
| low the remainder of her- days. But
after a time Mrs. Lemon abandoned her
morbid pursuit of somber scenes and
retired .to the dingy, place in lower
Broadway. .
• For years the aging recluse buried
herself amid the! bottles and drugs
without-a companion. It was her be
lief that she. could wander in the dust
laden shop and commune with. the, spirit
Of her departed spouse. Here the be
reaved wife found much consolation,
satisfied, evidently, in her loneliness to
take; comfort from the memories of the
past. About -the place there was an
uncanny atmosphere. . The children in
the neighborhood 'shunned it and the
strange little woman in black. She
seldom appeared Jn view to satisfy the
\u25a0curious gaze of the older and less'fear
some residents thereabouts. . .
But the weight of years, bo wed' down
the widow and she slowly faded away.
Of late Mrs. J. E. Ware had been stop
ping at the" Lemon rooms us a nurse
for the dying woman. Mrs. Ware found
her charge lifeless in bed this morning
at" 10 o'clock. Mrs. Lemon was born
in England.' Coroner- Mehrmann-took
charge.-- - - '. ' V; : ;
BERKELEY EDUCATOR
PASSES LIE DIRECT
Director, KnWles Says A. Pi
Hess, Private Citizen,
Acted in Bad Faith.
< BERKELEY, "July. 26.— tA -lively tilt
occurred"at,last night's meeting of the
Board. of,V-Educajfi6n over^ the , protest
filed by the Ashby Improvement Club,
in which the bo|ird was charged with
gross carelessness in the ; matter of
selecting plans and awarding contracts
for th-i erection' of li $40,000* addition
to the Le Conte School in the Fourth
Ward. 7;'. "^'/
" Director W. A. L...Krtowles resented
the charges of * the protestants and
passed the lie direct, to A.- F. Hess,
spokesman for the. improvers. Hot
words flew thick and fast and it was
not until President .W. K. Wier put an
end to the discussion by ordering the
protest placed on ttle that peace was
restored. \u25a0 .
.In the protest filed by Hess and others
of the Ashby Club.lt is said that , if
the construction of the building pro
ceeds under the, present .plans and
specifications the completed school will
be a flimsy affair, unsafe and not up to
modern standards. Fire escapes are not
provided foriaccording to-Hoss. v . s :. ;
In reply Knowles used strong language
and • accused .the members .of the im
provement club, of Insincerity. He said
that; Hess had 'deliberately lied when
he told the board that he did not know
where the plans for the. school could
be seen. . He Called upon Town Clerk
Merrill to substantiate the. charge.
Hess said that he did know where
the. plans were, but that he was seek
ing information on behalf of his club.
He demanded that the board place the
plans at some designated place so that
they. would be accessible at airtimes to
citizens who desired to inspect thorn.
Judging from the temper of the edu
cators last. night it Is not lik«ly. that
the protest will, avail much. .
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BOT RUNAWAYS ARRESTED.— OakIand,
July 26.— Henry Cardwell. 17 years old; frOm
Los Aneeles. and , Curtie Meeks.< 16 years of
age, of Ban Jose, and Grover Schmidt, L years
old, of Santa Rosa, were arrested this morn-
Ing as runaways. -
HOLY JUMPERS LEAVE OAKLAND.—
Oakland,- July 20. — The members of the relig
ious sect known as the "Holy Jumpers." who
have for the last three months had. their head
quarters in this city, have left for Little
Rock, Ark., where they propose to establish
a permanent settlement. . • ,-.,.•
BROTHER NICHOLAS PASSES AWAY.—
Berkeley, July 2tt. — Brother \u25a0 Nicholas. . known
In"' secular life as William- Cunningham, a
member of the Christian Brothers and one of
the Instructors at St. Joseph's Academy : at
PeraVta Park, died early thlo morning, at that
Institution, aged 58, years. The deceased was
a native of Ireland. \u25a0
BIDS RECEIVED.— OakIand. July 2G.— The
Board of Public .Works received x bids to-day
for building the new Golden Gate fire engine
house as follow 8: Charles Roeth, $11,212; Ben
O. Johnson, .'sll,4oo. : L . Bids for street sweeping
by • machine were received as follows : Joseph
Martin, $6 80 a mile; G. W. : Shull, $6 90 a
mile; All of the bids were referred to the City
Attorney. -
REMILLARD'S ESTATE.— Oakland. July
26. — An : accountinr filed ti>-day |by • Mrs. Cor
dule RomlUard, <he executrix .of -. the. will of
the late Peter .N. Remillard, her . husband,
shows • that " the income from 'the ' estate \u25a0 since
last > Auaust amount* to $20,100, * most of It
being derived from the Interest 'in Uheßemll
lard Brick Company. .She has spent $11,024 7«.
leavlnK a balance on hand of ;|UO7S 21. ' Of
the amount expended $0330 : was for the com
pletion ; of-, a. mausoleum over, her ; husband's
grave.. '. \u25a0:'.-! % ; - .-'.\u25a0"•\u25a0\u25a0'.;: ; . ' '. v ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0''
"DETECTIVE: LYNCH TO WED.— Oakland.
July 20. — Detective; J.vF. Lynch, one of the
most popular members of the: Oakland -Pol Ice
Department,* who 1 ; was:' recently : promoted ; from
the- rank * of,: sergeant." Is to .be}marrled: on
Wednesday evening, August 9,' ! to \u25a0 Miss Cecilia
O'Brien, the daughter of ' Mr." and Mrs- Patrick
O'Brien iot '210 -Sixth- street. /The r ceremony
will be performed at" the Church of the >Im-'
maculate Conception at ,8:30 o'clock, and I will
be followed by a. reception at. the. home of the
bride's oarenta .;.-•;"\u25a0 \u25a0';\u25a0;\u25a0 -y •-. •
' MARRIAGE ' LICENSES.— OakIand," .July
26.— The -following \u25a0 marriage ; licenses were \u25a0 Is
sued by the : County,; Clerk to-day : : Lester R /
Green,'^ 25, - Oakland, : and • Ida ;M. Blake, 25, '
Fruitvale; Frank ,S. .Wennlns. 28, ;, and - Rose
M. \u25a0\u25a0 Rled, •; 23,".- both \u25a0\u25a0 of ; San - Francisco ; William
E. 'Klefer, \u25a0 \u25a0 2O,V : Oakland; v and t Florence - M
Boucher, 20, Haywards; Nathan" Wlchersham,
•19,' San \u25a0 Francisco.7 and ; Agnes / Trammell, j 44,
Oakland : ; Frank A. - Merrill, • 21, 1 and Laura ; G.
Jones, 22. both of ' Oakland ; 'Austin I F. - Barnett,
3<5, :and Martha' 3.~ Parsons, 1 22, 'both of JSan
Francisc6; «Dwlght V.' Her, 28. : and s Clara .l;,. I;,
; Ureenlen. ; 23, i both -of San \u25a0 Fponclsco : 5 Andrew
C. --. Anderson,. -; 26,,:. 'Oakland, • and > Rebecca
Thomas,' lB, Saa Francieco.
SAYS HATCHET
CUT THE PIPE
Expert Decides Implement
in Schneiders Room Was
Used t& Make Bludgeons
COOK CASE CLEARING
Sheriff Discredits by In
vestigation Blaker's' Ex
planation as to His Coin
OAKLAND, July 26.— Sheriff Frank
Barnet has enmeshed John Schneider and
George W. Blaker in a web of, circum
stantial evidence, which the Sheriff be
lieves warrants him in making the direct
accusation that they are guilty, of the
murderous assault upon and robbery of
Thomas W. Cook, whose skull was
crushed last Saturday night at Fruitvale,
when $250 was taken from him. .
Cook's chances ofv recovery become
slighter as the days pass. Dr. Dudley
Tait of San Francisco was called into the
case to-day in consuttation . with • Dr.
J. -H. Callen. After a critical examin
ation, meningitis having developed, \an
operation was performed as a last resort.
At the Alameda Sanitarium to-night
Cook, was reported to be • very . low.
Two- important matters of evidence
were- uncovered to-day -by the Sheriff..
The two lead pipe bludgeons found, at
the scene^ of the robbery and a. lather's
or shingler's hatchet found in Schneider's
room were submitted to an expert ma
chinist for his examination. The expert
gave Barnet an unqualified opinion that
the pieces of pipe .were originally in one
section, about four feet «ix inches long,
that, this length was cut, and that the
hatchet Barnet found was the utensil
which was used. The expert's identity
will not be revealed at present. Con
cerning this opinion, the .. Sheriff said.: ,
"While a most- cursory examination of.
the bludgeons would disclose to a lay
man's eyes the correspondence of the
cuts and dents in the hacked ends. with
the ragged edges of. .the hatchet, I was
not satisfied to let the matter rest there.
I took the pipe and the hatchet , to an
expert, and his decision is that . .the
hatchet was used to cut the. pipe into
the .. two pieces with which the robbers
felled Cook. His. opinion was not given
until I had acquainted him with the facts
of the case. ' He knew just how much
there is at 'stake, .and in that way the
suspected men might be affected by his
statements.
"The hatchet, therefore, becomes a
very important item of evidence against
Schneider, for it was- found in his room
the day after the -robbery."
Investigation cf young Blaker's explan
ations as to where^ he got- the money he
spent last Sunday, .the 'day after the
crime, has discredited his statements to
Sheriff Barnet. In that particular the
Sheriff said:
"Blaker has told , a .story about the
money, that does not stand, the test..of
close "inquiry. This is also important, for
Blaker. it- is known, did not have money
in' any" considerable »aniount just pjibr to
the/robbery." \u0084 —. ~ : •-
3IOTJE "\VOIiK IX SIGHT
: FOR THE NAVY YARD
Training Ship Buffalo .Will
Undergo Repairs at
Mare Island.
Special Dispatch to The CfcU.
VALL.EJO, July 26.— Mare Island navy
yard' will perform about $100,000 "worth
of work on the United States training
ship Buffalo if the present surveys
which . have, just been submitted to the
department are approved. From infor
mation received here it is known that at
least $50,000 worth of work- will be ap
proved and ordered 'started in the near
future. -' * >-t.
\u25a0It has been learned that the Lawton
will not return to Mare Island, but will
come, home from the Orient by way of
the Suez Canal, with New York as her
home. port.
A strong recommendation will -soon be
made to the Navy Department to have
included j in the next naval appropri
ation bill an item for the erection of two
new buildings at the : Mare Island navy
yard for the steam engineering depart
ment to cost . $400.000. " A - new steam en
gineering building was finished at the
yard last year, but it is not likely that
it will ever -be used for more- than: a
storehouse. It- is too far away from the
old steam engineering . building and its
location is not suitable for. rapid and
economical operation in conjunction with
the other shops. The present buildings
have about outlived their usefulness and
new ones are urgently "needed. \u25a0
JAPAN'S TEA CEOP
SHOWS FALLING OFF
Shortage Is Attributed to
the Exceedingly Heavy V;
Downpour of Eain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA,, Wash., July 26.— There will
be a shortage of 1 7,000,000 pounds in the
tea crop of. Japan for 1905 as compared to
that of last year, according to T. Furuya
of New York, who returned on the
steamship Jyo Maru from .the Orient.
Furuya says:. . . .
. "The tea crop is '\ much 'smaller ' this
year,^ but the': quality ; is away 'aheacl of
last. year. : The shortage is attributed to
the heavy rains that fell just about the
time the second crop * was reaching ma
turity. Fully :,43,000,000 pounds were im
ported into the YUnited States'. this year,
from Japan" and '17.000,000 pounds from
Formosa" out of a. total of : about 90.000, -*
000 i pounds '. c6nsumed in thls^ country.*';^:
Twin I.nken Baptist Assembly.
SANTA;CRUZ. July 25,-^J. Q.>. Hen
ry of I London was : the speaker at .' : the
TwinUkes Baptist Assembly, to T night,
his subject being "The Red Dragon."
To-morrow /will ; be missionary day, and
a -special programme has been ; ar
ranged..,- . /\u25a0 •; : \u25a0 . -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED."
•>'"'" Wednesday, July 26.
: : - Bchr^ Alpcna, Blrkholm, \u25a0 C dayß from B«l-
J? n f^ m - PORT:" ''
EUREKA— SaiIed July " 2d— Schr Bertie
Minor, ,. for Honolulu: \u25a0 - --
:.;\u25a0- :> -'ISLAND PORT. v ' ~
. "HONOLULU — Sailed ; July > 20— Stmr Texan,
for New- York. v - *.-
, -\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 , ~ CFOREUGN PORT.
• VICTORIA — Arrived ; July \u25a0 2t5 — Stmr City of
Pucbla, .bence'July 24.£3Kfe|HMHHHKRttpflM
; -'.: \u25a0:-\u25a0:-. ~ OCEAN STEAMER.
> QUEENSTOWN — Arrived \u0084 July / -6-^-Stmr
Cedrlc, ' from i Liverpool, ;-- for : ' New York, - and
orocecded.
PRIVATE SCHOOL
TO DEFY LAW
Berkeley Parents Opposed to
Vaccination Organize to
Educate Their Children
FUNDS ARE SUBSCRIBED
Compulsory Statute and the
Health Officer Can Now
Be Ignored With Impunity
BERKELEY, July 26.— A r- P^ate
school is to be established in Berkeley
by the opponents of the law compelling
the vaccination of all children attend
ing- the .public schools of the State.
I This radical step was decided upon at
a meeting of the anti-vacclnationiats
held last night in Golden Sheaf Hall.
A subscription Hat was opened at the
meeting and in a short time various
amounts aggregating a monthly Income
of over $100 were pledged.
J. G. Wright, a merchant of the coir
lege town, presided at the mass-meet
ing. He placed Golden Sheaf Hall, the
largest building of its kind in the city,
at the disposal of those who have de
cided to oppose the enforcement of the
new law compelling the vaccination, of
school children. In this building the
school will be opened a weejk from next
Monday.
PRINCIPAL SELECTED..
Miss May T. Wilson will be the prirr
cipal of this unique, institution. She
was selected at last night's meeting.
Formerly Miss Wilson was a teacher
in the Lincoln School, but was recently I
retired from the regular School De
partment. It was claimed at the time
that her enforced resignation was due
to the fact that she had openly, ex
pressed her disapproval of the enforce
ment of the vaccination law by the
Board of Education.
The new school is to have a board of
directors to control its destinies and see
that its finances are kept in good con
dition. J. G. Wright has been elected
president of this board and Dr. H. L.
Frazer secretary and treasurer. The
other members are Samuel Taylor. Mrs.
E." C. Campbell, Mrs. Alice Holloway.
Mrs. A. H." McDonald and Mrs. G. Moler.
The directors have been ' given full
power to make all arrangements re
garding the selection of teachers, i
courses of "Instruction and necessary
school equipment! At' .present eighty
children are on the rolls, but by the
time the school opens it is expected
that the attendance will be much
larger.
The situation in Berkeley is unique
in the history of education In Califor
nia, and is the., result of the flght
against compulsory vaccination inaug
urated over a year ago. The leaders
of the fight secured the passage of a
bill at the last Legislature, but the bill
was vetoed by-.Governor Pardee,,who is
a firm believer, injthe^SUftc^- of ..vaccin
ation.. - : v' •-• .\u25a0;•••*• :'-..• :•
\u25a0\u25a0HEALTH OFFICER OBDURATE. /
' 'Anticipating, an 'attempt' to evade' the
law at the opening "Of the 'fall school
term, Town Health 1 Officer Dr. George
F/' Reinhart announced that -the law
would be rigidly' enforced and that no
"disability" excuses would be accepted.
He claims that a child "strong enough
to go to school is strong enough to
be vaccinated. '\u25a0
"No vaccination, no school," was the
Health Officer's ultimatum. The anti
vaccinationists have answered by es
tablishing a school of their own and
they defy either the State Board of
Health or Health Officer Reinhart to
compel the children attending this
school to bear their arms to the vac
cination scalpel.
. Meanwhile the members of the Anti
compulsory Vaccination League .will
carry on, their campaign against the
present law, and when another Legis
lature convenes they will renew their
efforts to have the present law re
pealed.
Another mass-meeting will be held
in Golden Sheaf Hall Tuesday night
of next week, when the directors of
the new school will report. v
MAXAGER IS PROMOTED.
SAN RAFAEL, July 26.— F. E. Fitz
patrick. who has been manager of the
C.ilifo'rnJa Gas and Electric Corpora
tion in this district, with headquarters
in~ this city, for nearly three years, has
been appointed manager of the Sacra
mento G.is, Electric. and Railway Com
pany., which is under the -control of
the former corporation, with headquar
ters in Sacramento city. He will be
succeeded by Wallace Foster, who ha.3
had charge of the S.olano district, with
headquarters at -Vailfjo. - Foster will
be succeeded by Joseph! Stevens of
Chico.
UOI.IXAS CITIZEN'S JUBILANT.
BOLINAS, July 26. — The citizens of
this famous bathing resort are jubilant
over, the completion of an up-tq-date
sewer system. The sewer system has
been accepted by the sanitary board.
STEAMED COLUMBIA i
' KU^S INTO A BARGE
Coaster Narrowly Escapes
Foundering in the Co
lumbia River.
PORTLAND, July 26.— Dispatches from
Astoria state that the steamer Columbia,
which sailed from this city last night
for San Francisco with several hundred
passengers, had a narrow escape from
foundering. As she swung into the - Co
lumbia River a huge wood barge lay In
her channel. ! Every effort was made to
avoid a collision, but without success.
The collision resulted in damage to the
steamer that required several hours' de
lay, at' Astoria. It is expected" that the
Columbia will have to go in drydock at
San Francisco.
MITCHELL IS PREPARIXG.
-APPEAL TO SUPREME COURT
Convicted Senator : ."Will Carry His Cmsc
to the 'Hlsbent Tribunal
: ~, In tlie ' Land. .
PORTLAND, Or., July .26. — Senator
Mitchell's appeal to the United States
Supreme Court is in the hands of Judge
de Haven and will be perfected to
morrow. ' The appeal raises constitu
tional Questions, but these are princi
pally to ' Tenable the Supreme Court to
obtain jurisdiction .in the : case. .With
jurisdiction 'obtained and the Droceed
ings'of :the trial court in Its hands, the
Supreme Court * can , pass upon and rde
cide the. issue on all the questions
raised *in Uhe.trial. of . the case. \u25a0 -
There may be backbone without . bis
otry.'{".: : ; \-.'. ::";-; V*:" ;-• \u25a0 ' .*
RAILROAD MUST
KEEP PROMISE
City • .Trustees of San 3iateo
Intend *to Go After the
Southern Pacific Company
SLIGHTS STEEET WOEK
Corporation Will Be Com
pelled to Assist in the Im
proving of Thoroughfares
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
SAX MATEO. July 25.— The city Board*
of Trustees will endeavor to compeT the
Southern Pacific Company to keep its
promise to perform necessary street work
on railroad property. When the . local
municipal authorities undertook, to repave
and beautify the thoroughfares in., the
business district the railroad people
agreed to do their share of the work.
This agreement, however, has not been
kept and measures will be taken to en
force its fulfillment. I. ...
D. Bromfleld, the City Engineer, lias
submitted a report to the Board of Trus
tees showing that on the subways the
Southern Pacific Company will be- ex
pected to provide for the adequate dis
posal of the surface drainage. To -do tht*
the subways must be graded ami macad
amized, gutters must be placed, man
holes must be provided and- sumps in- .
stalled. The trustees have • announced
their intention to insist upon a full and
immediate compliance with the provisions
of the agreement entered Into -by -the
Southern Pacific Company.
HEWARDS FAITHFUL' SERVANT.
SAN MATEO, July 26.— As, a .reward
for long and faithful service DennU
Reardon of this city has been presented
with a handsome home and commodious
grounds by Mrs. Rose, the daughter of
the late Mr. and Mrs. Alvlnza Hay ward.
Reardon. was for many years jth^ coach
man for Hay ward and .later was .the
sole caretaker of the splendid! Hay ward
property In this city. So well did 'he
perform hi 3 service that the heiress
to. the Hayward millions has provided
him against want in his declining years.
The property is valued at several thou
sand dollars.
AUTOMOBILIST DISMISSED.
SAN' RAFAEL. July 26.— The case of
Harry F. Smith, the Petaluroa. autoiat
charged with running an automobile
over a road prohibited by an ordinance
of the Supervisors, came up before Jus
tice of the Peace Magee Tuesday and
was dismissed. District Attorney Boyd
raised the Dolnt that the, - automo
bile law passed by the last Leslsla.luTe
was unconstitutional. Justice Magae
decided that he could not pass upon the
Constitutionality of the law.
LOOKI.VG FOR LIBRARY SITE.
SAX MATEO. July 2<s.— The long'dis
cussed question of an adequate sit* for
the Carnegie Library 'n this city seenra
about to be settled. The Board" of
Trustees has taken the matter in hand
and has In view a site 'that will j ndt
only provide for the library, bat 'will
give to the city a new public park. The
board is now negotiating with the own
em of the property and until the matter
of values is.' settled the location will not
be announced.
PREPARIXG >EW DIRECTORY.
SAN MATEO. July 25.— "Preparations
are. being made here for the Issuance
of a new business and residence direc
tory of San Mateo County. The new
volume, which owins to the growth oC
San Mateo has long been a necessity,
will include a classified business direc
tory of San Francisco. The book; will
be issued in two months.
DRUIDS WILL GIVE A BALL*
XICASIO, July 26.— A grand ball wfl'J
be griven by Xicasio Grove Xo. 43. Unll P
ed Ancient OnTer of Druids. in'NlcasVa"
Hall on next Saturday evening. 'The
committee of arrangements is com
posed of A. Garzoli. H. X. Andefuren, E.
A. Cotta, C. G. Resplni. F- E. Rodger*.
The following honorary committee has
been appointed: San Rafael — Judge
Thomas J. Irfnnon. F. H. Miller.Thdroa*
P. r»oyd. E. B. Martinelll. T. J.' gallon.
Robert E. Graham, E. S. Rake; Olefna—
Joseph Codont. J. Bloom, S. Martlnelll.
A. Martella. Q. Codoni; NovatoJ-H% C.
Rohrs, Frank Sweetser. • E. ;R.* Sam
uels, J. Rocrers, A. Scowni Nicasfo — tL
F. Taft. V.'. J. Andefuren. A. BollaY P.
Ranzoni, A. Fiori. • 4.,- .••.•:•
DAMAGED THE E.VGI2VE.
SAN. RAFAEL. July 2s.— Harrj? ;J^L
ilaynard of Petaluma swore' to a "cojn
plaint to-day before ' Judse £<Maßee
charging Albert' Tobln. ...-"&; F. Orffiin.
John Doe Anderson and Frank Coe'H'ar
ris with misdemeanor — injuring: a. .ves
sel. *They are nccused of stealing" : n is
lumen Fay for a midnight cruise, on
the bay He claims they damaged the
engine to the extent of $C3o..''--' -^ -'
Prespiration proves inspiration.
GOOD EATiN*
Is always better enjoyed arid, j more
relished when the appetite N krru'aml
the. stomach and bowels strong 1
to properly digest the food. To" brlns
about this condition Is an easy 'matter
if you will only take a fewdoses of"
|M:-' Hosteftcf^s - -
/raw i „— >««:rs..>.^sj\ Your food will
TUB? \ STQ>IACH th " n be .-properly
ral% <^tl"tiPn^ assimilated bo that
ijS««»vO*-*' J "'jJiS.v y°« need nor "fear
fc WJ^^^^S? al *° SreaU n r e beno-
\u25a0 BjgMg^^ff*^ft'^ month". Tryabot-
; *^^/ti«' and sco for
' -..\u25a0 yourself.
CARiERSl cIrRE SICK H^ AD - C^" -
Genuine Must; Bear ~->
; 1«J 1 /vfc&u>£^tt£SPORTS
BROWN'S BALK
TOSSES IT OFF
Charley Graham Disturbs
Tiger Pitcher When -the
Seals Have a Full House
CHAttPS ARE BLANKED
Pearl Casey Jumps Into the
Air and Hooks twin's
Liner With One Mitt
nnsuLTS op games.
San FraneUeo, 1 j Tacoma, 0.
Oakland, 4| Los Ansrelea, 2.
Seattle, 4; Portland, 0.
GAMES TO-DAY.
Tacoma, at San Frnncisco.
Oakland, at Lob Anseles.
Seattle, at Portland.
STA.\DIXG OF THE CLUBS.
Pacific Coast League.
W. L-Pct. W. L.Pet.
Pieoma. €2 41 .602 Portland 46 50.479
8. Francisco. .6o 48 .556 Oakland 45 5S .437
Lea Angeles .51 52 .400 Seattle 40 55 .421
Charley Graham forgot yesterday that
balks go In this league. Charley must
have been dreaming of the old days in
the bushes "during a blissful moment in
the fifth spasm, for he began to office up
to Brown wnen the latter was about to
deliver the ball. There was a full house
of Seals on the sacks at the time and
Kealon. the man on third, came home.
That was the only run and it won for the
Seals.
It was a bad piece of work on the part
of the leader of the Champions. He should
have known better than to cut in on a
pitcher when he is about to deliver the
ball, but he did. Had it not been for
that break, they might still be playing
at the Eighth-streit lot.
The round opened with a sensation. Ir
wln dispatched a hot one that looked like
a double to the score board, but Casey
rose on his haunches and speared the
leather with his bare mitt; Nealon fol
lowed with a bingle and quickly stole sec
ond. Wilson tore one at Brown and while
the busher was booting the ball Cousin
Parke was safe at first and Nealon pulled
up at third.
Bi<m-n then passed Gochnauer, figuring
on a double play with the bases all full.
He pitched one ball at Whalen, and was
\u25a0winding up for the second when Graham
suddenly gave the office for a brief delay.
But the sign came too late, for Brown
was in position and made a palpable
balk, which let Nealon in.
The Tigers came mighty near scoring
a couple of times. In the sixth. Casey
ewung through to center and was ad
vanced to second on an out. Doyle un
loaded one to right field, but Spencer
handled the ball so fast that Casey did
net care take a < nance in sprinting for
the plate. Again in the eighth, Doyle
Eii;gled over 'second with Casey at the
keystone sack, but again the ball was
handled too rapidly for the Tiger to reach
the pan.
Both teams played nice baseball in the
field, while the work of Brown and Wha
lea on ti.'e slab Wiis about an even break.
Mohkr had nine chances at second and
ate them all up. Wilson's wing was
working right and after he threw out
three men trying to steal second the
champions cut that stunt out for the rest
of the day. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
6[*ncer. r. f 4 0 10 110
Waldrcn c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
iKhler 2b 3 0 0 0-540
Hildebrand. 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Irwln, 3b 3 0 1 0 0 1 0
Nenlon, lb 8 1 1 1 10 0 0
Wileoa. c "3 0 0 15 2 0
Gcchnauer. es 2 0 1 0 2 1 0
Wliaien. P 3 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals 2S 1 4 2 27 13 1
TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle r. f 3 0 2 2 2 0 0
Pheehan. 3b 3 0 O 0 2 0 0
Vordyk* lb 4 0 0 0 7 10
Kagan. es 4 0 10 3 2 0
•McLaughlln, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lynch, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Casey. 2b 2010250
Graham c .....2 0 0 0 5 1 1
iSrown. p 2 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals 26 0 4 2 24 11 - 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoin* 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0^ — 0
Bh.se Wts 0 0 0 0 1 2 0 1 0^ — i
tar. Francisco ...000 01000 x— l
Ba»e hits 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 x — 4
SUMMART.
Sacrifice hits — Graham. Brown. First base
en errors — San Francisco 1. Tacoma 1. First
fcue on called balls — Off WhaJen 3. off Brown
1. tittt on bases — San Francisco 4, Tacoma 5.
Struck out — By Whalen 4. by Brown 2. Wild
p".tch — Brown. Time of game — 1 hour and 35
tslnutes. Umpire — Perlne.
Many a man will wear wings who
cannot tie an Ascot tie.
MALARIA
UNDERMINES THE HEALTH
When the germs of malaria enter the
blood the entire health is affected, and if
the blood is not purified of these germs
and microbes. Chronic Sores and Ulcers,
Liver Splotches, Chills and Fever, Boils,
Aches and Pains, and a great variety of
troubles manifest themselves, and soon
\u25a0 the entire system is undermined, leaving
the sufferer a prey to a most miserable,
weak and nervous condition.
013 W. Market St., Louisville, Ky.
For several years Z suffered with Chills
and Fever, caused' by malaria in my
eyetem, and each summer for several
. yearslvrculd nave a relapse. Finally
my physician prescribed S. S. S. I took
a few bottles; this was about six
rears ago. It entirely cured me, and
I have never been troubled sinoe. lam
sure no other xnedioine could have given
zne so- complete and immediate relief,
and I cannot speak too highly of S. S. S.
3Cy partner in business is now taking
S. S. S. for an eruption of the skin, and
a general run-down condition of the sys-
tem, and although be has taken but one
bottle, already commences to feel better.
. I. SHAPOFF.
S. S. S. counteracts and drives all the
poison from the blood and builds up the
system by its fine purifying qual-
ities and tonic effects. It strengthens
every part, increases the appetite, | helps
the stomach and digestion, and by sup-
plying the body with rich, pure blood,
cures Malaria and all its disagreeable ail-
ments. Unlike
tx^tj? «^gpr ts^jgr contain a'par-
PURELY VEGETABLE, tide of mineral
of any kind to
disagreeably affect the stomach, diges-
. tion and bowels, but by cleansing and
strengthening the blood, puts every part
•w of the body in healthy condition. Book
on the blood and any medical advice de-
sired without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, 61.'
THREE PUNCHES PUT BIG HILLARD TO SLEEP
GRAHAM FOOLS
ANGEL BATSMEN
When He Overcomes Wild
ness, Oakland Pitcher Keeps
Southerners From Scoring
GETS PERFECT SUPPORT
Brashear Lines Out a Homer,
While Jimmy Byrnes Is
There With Two Bingles
LOS ANGELES. July 26.— Aside from
Graham's wlldness to-day he pitched good
ball, and, with his team playing an
errorless game behind him, he was able
to win from Los Angeles by a score of
4 to 2. Tozer pitched well for the locals,
but allowed hits when they meant runs
for the visitors.
Brashear knocked the ball over the left
field fence for a home run in the second
Inning, with no one on bases. Byrnes
got a single and a double out of two
times up, and Smith secured two singles
and two passes to first out of four times
up. Eager replaced Spies behind the bat
In the sixth inning. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, o. I 4 0 O O 0 0 0
Flood. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 8 0
Smith 3b 2 12 12 2 0
Dillon", lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Brashear. ss 3 1 2 0 4 4 1
Roes. 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Cravath r. f 2 0 1 0 2 0 0
Eager, c 10 0 0 0 10
Spies c 2 0 0 0 4 10
Tozer. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals S8 2 5 1 27 18 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f... 8 O O 0 0 0 0
Francks. ss 3 0 10 4 10
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Kruger. r. f 4 110 2 0 0
Strelb. lb 4 0 1 O 9 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 1 0 3 2 0
Byrnes, c 2 2 2 0 3 4 0
Kelly. 2b 3 1 1 0 8 2 0
Graham, p 4 0 1 0 0 3 0
Stanley, c 0 0 0 0 10 0
Totals \u008431 4 8 0 27 12 0
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 01000100 o—2
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 2 1 0 o—s
Oakland O 0 1 0 2 0 0 1.0 — t
Base hits 0 0 1 0 3 1 12 o—B
SUMMARY.
Home run — Brachear. Two-base . hits —
Byrnes. Kxuger. Sacrifice hit — Kelly. First
base on error — Oakland 1. Left on bases —
Loe Angeles 4, Oakland 5. Bases on balls —
Off Graham 5. off Tozer 2. Struck out— By
Tozer 4, by Graham 4. Double play — Tozer
to Spies to Brashear. Passed ball — Eager.
Hit by pitched ball— Van Haltren. Time of
game — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — Bray.
FIRKMAX FITZ RIGHT AGAIN.
Mike Fialier's Caatoff Blanks the Giants
on Their Own Lot.
PORTLAND, July 26.— Fitzpatrlck,
the San Francisco ex-fireman, shut out
the Portland Giants to-day with only
four hits and won the first victory for
Seattle this year on the Portland
grounds. Only at one time did Portland
have a chance to score. That was in
the, eighth, when the bases were filled
without a man out. The Siwash pitcher !
settled down, however, and no runs re
sulted. Jones was found an even dozen
times by the men from Puget Sound and
his supoprt in the field was rather rag
ged. Hart did some good work in cen
ter field. Frick arrived in town to-day
and will play second for the visitors to
morrow. The score: .
x PORTLAND.
N AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz ss 4 0 0 5 2 2
McCredie. r. f 3 0 12 0 0
Fleming. 1. f 4 0 12 0 0
Householder, c. f 4 0 0 3 0 0
Van Buren. lb 3 0 0 11 0 0
McLean, c 4 0 0 2 3 1
Cutes. 3b 3 0 12 10
Runkle, 2b - 4 0 0 0 4 0
Jones, p 3 0 1 0 3 0
Totals 32 0 4 27 13 3
SEATTLE. ,
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. t 4 1 2 0 0 0
Kan* 3b 4 0 3 1 3 0
Blankenehlp c 5 0 13 10
Hart, c I.: 6 0 0,3 0 0
Frary. lb 4 0 0 15 0 1
Houtz. 1. f 4 0 12 0 0
McHale 2b 4 2 112 0
R. Hall, w 4 13 17 1
.Fitzpatrlck, p 4 0 116 0
Totals 38 4 12 27 19 2
RUNS AMD HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 110000200—4
Base hits 22001140 2—12
Portland ;.O 0 O O 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 00100002 I—4
SUMMART.
Struck out — By Fitzpatrick 1. Bases on balls
— Off Fltzpatrick 2. .Two-base hits— McHale.
Cates." Left on bases — Portland 8. Seattle 9.
Sacrifice hit — Walters. Stolen bases — Van
Buren Cates McHale. Hit by pitched ball —
Kane. McCredie. Wild pitch— Fltzpatrick.
First base on errors — Seattle 2, Portland 2.
Time of game — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Um
pire — Davis.
CLEVELAND BREAKS EVEN
WITH TRAILING SENATORS
Author Htllebrand, the Old - Time
Princeton Star, Pitches rutsburjr
to Victory Over Boston.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
National League— American League —
W. I*Pct. W. L,.Pct.
New York ..63 25 .716 Cleveland ...53 31 .031
Pltuburg ....50 33. 82 i) Chicago .....49 32.605
Chicago .52 37 .581 Philadelphia .48 34 .585
Philadelphia .60 37 .57S|Detroit' 43 40.518
Cincinnati ...46 43 .517 Boston 38 42.475
St. Louts 32 58.355|New York ..37 41.473
Boston 29 60 .32U,St. Louis ....31 52.374
Brooklyn 26 61 .290 1 Washington ..2S 54 .341
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, July 26. — Cleveland and
Washington broke even to-day. -Anderson's
two-bagger wen the first for Washington in
the ninth Inning, while in the second game,
the visitors could not hit Bernhard and never
had a chance. Attendance, ,7100. Scores:
Firet Game — R. H. E.
Cleveland .* 2 6 2
Washington 3 7 2
Batteries— Hess and Buelow; Patten anl
Second Game — R. H. E.-
Cleveland 7 11 0
Washington 1 6 3
Batteries — Bernhard and Bemls: Wolfe and
Kittredge.
CHICAGO. July 26.— Chicago defeated Phlla
' delphia to-day 5 to 2. A home run by H.
, Davis . was a feature of the game. Atten
; dance, . 2300. - Score :
I R. H. E.
' Chicago 5 8 0
; Philadelphia 2 » 3
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Coakley, Hen
ley. Schreck and Barton. • ...
DETROIT. July 26.— Detroit and Boston
shared honors in the double-header, this after
noon. : Donovan was hit opportunely in tlw*
first game.' Killian shut the visitors out in
the second game. Attendance, 4500. . : Score :
First Game — r; H. E.
Detroit 3 10 3
Boston 1.... 8 12 1
Batteries — Donovan, Doran and Drill; Young, .
Tannehlll and ; Crlger.
Second Game — R. ! H. E.
Detroit 4 6 0
Bostsn : : 0 5 ' 1
Batteries — Killian and Drill; Olmstead and
Armbruster.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN, July 26.— Scanlon's fine pitch
ing won to-day's game for' Hanlon's team, as
the local boxman J>eld the St. Louis visitors
to four hits. Attendance, 800. Score: '
R. H. E.
Brooklyn. • 6 11 4
St. I»uis ...".. ..;...:...... ."....... .1. 4 3
Batteries— Scanlon and Bergen;' Egan' and
Grady. . Umpire. O'Day.
BOSTON, July . 20. —Af ter Boston had tied
the bcore In tbe seventh to-day, - ' Pittsbursr
solved* Willis" delivery and : batted , out t-lx
nine, which gave them the game, 8 to 2.
ihESAN FRANCISCO " CALL. THURSDAY;: JUI^Y 27^ INOS.
OUTSIDER IS FOULED AND STEWARDS
PLACE HIM BEFORE FAVORITE.
Muffins Is Winning
When .Arklirta
Bumps Him.
Bookmakers Lay 30
\u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 ' . -. .
to * 1 . Against
the Victor. '
Special Dispatch to Th* CalL
' NEW YORK, July 26.— T0-day's racing
card was about the average and the at
tendance was fair. The track was fast. ;
| The undergraduate stakes, which was the
principal event, was won by ArkUrta, the
favorite, who raced home in front, but
; the race was taiten away from' him on :
a foul and given to Muffins, a 30 to 1
I shot, as the latter was interfered with
' In the last hundred yards.
| Muffins was off well and, going out in
front, opened up a lead of two lengths,
which he held until well into the stretch,
when Arkftrta came through and beat
\ him by three parts of a length. In the
last hundred yards, W. Knapp went to
the whip and ArkUrta swerved and inter
i fered with Muffins. The stewards placed
Muffins the winner. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; all
ages :
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I— Aeronaut. 69 (Miller).. 6 2 3 1 3\i
Even — Ldy AmeHa, 126 (Kedfn) 4 1 1 2 n
4to I—Tsacress.1 — Tsacress. 96 (McDanlels) 6 2 h 3 h
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. Johnson's eh. c. by Ayrshire-Miss
Ellle. Ascension, Ancestor, Lucy Young, Sly
Bride. Colonel Ruppert, Platoon, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— About 2 miles; handicap;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
11 to 6— Nitrate, 154 (G. Brooks) 2 12-16
7to I— D Roberts, 144 (Grntld) 5 5 2 215
4to I— Paulaker, 135- (E Helder) 3 3^32
Time. 4:24. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. W. Colt's b. h. by Tea Tray-Nlne
vap.. Xeponset, George Keene, j Cardigan. The
Deposed, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; sel
ling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4to I— Rubric, 104 (W. Knapp) 8 S3 11%
10 to I— Jetsam. &i (Digglns) 1 1 h 2 5
10 to I— Novena. 88 (Miller) 4 4 % 3 Hi
Time 1:461-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, A. L. Aste's eh. c. by Mlrthful-Her
bric. Jerry Lynch, Caronal, Ocean Tide. King
Cole. Flammula, Salt and Pepper, Line of Life,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds: _
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
•11 to 10— Arklirta. 102 (Knapp). 1 3ti 1» 4
30 to I— Muffins. 97 (Balrd) 4 12 24
2to I— Quorum, 110 (Lyne)... 6 6 3 3
sto I— Listless, 00 (Miller)... 0 0 4 .
Time, 1:07 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. F. Farrell's b. c. by Plaudit-Astarte.
Wilfred and Capias finished as named. •Ark
lirta disqualified for fouling and placed last.
FIFTH RACE— One and and eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % . Fin.
\u25a06tol— Alwin 111 (Lyne)... 1 11 11
15 to I— St. Bellane, 108 (Davis).. 4 5h 2h
12 to 5— E. Burch. 112 (Martin).. 5 6-38
Time 1:52 3-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner A. L. Aste's. b. c. by Hondsel-
Alvarcta. Kehanlan, Bad News and Blucher
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: two-year-olds;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin...
Ito 4— Phidias, 119 (Miller) 3 111 3
4to I— Red Eye. 104 (Knapp)... 2 2^25
30 to I—Veronese.1 — Veronese. 110 (O'Connor) V 320 3 8
Time 1:15. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. G*. Degumeous' b. g. by Bathampton.
Phlda. Hawthorne finished fourth.
NEW YORK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 26. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Brighton
Beach:
First race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up— Highborn 100, Colossal 107, Cannon Ball
110 John Fay 105, Ida Stack 100, Blessings
Last 95, Lang Dolan 110. Strephon 105, Quad
rille 107 Tweedie 95, Tlppetoes 95, Thistle
dale IC5* Maid of Timbucktoo 100. Graylad
110 Long Shot 110, Coeur de Leon 105. Bella
trix 100. Simalas 97, Nan de Plume 97, Lady
Henrietta 100.
S«cond race, six furlongs, —
Casslni 104, La France 94. Masterson 102,
Meddling Daisy 99, Confederate 107, Kurokl
102. Hector 109. Holloway 102.
Third race mile and one-sixteenth, selling,
three-year-olds and up— Ken 95, Huntlngton
108 Janeta 96. Line of Life 106. Miss Rlllie
101* Jennie McCabe 99. Mart Gentry 91 Belle
of Eetauket 84. Bellatrix 80, Maid of Tim-
U Fourth race, mile, the Test Handicap, $3000
added, three-year-olds and up— Amberjack 90,
Ivan the Terrible 107, Wild Mint 109. Alan-a
dalc 110 Buttling 104. Hamburg Belle 123. Her
mls 132* Cedarstrome 90. Buckleya 90, Race
K FUth°race. mile and a quarter, selling, three
v«ar-olds and up— The Southerner Palm
Tree OS Masaniello 99, Excentral 101, Invader
99. Ismalllan 84, Chimney Sweep 100. . Bella
trI Slxtr<" race, five and a 1a 1 half furlongs, fillies,
two-year-old maidens-La France 107 Hester
W 107, Pantouffle 107. lolanda 107. Miss
Keventy-seven 107. Little Blue 107. Golden
Fern 107, Argentine 107. Ballotta 107, Curiosity
107, Honeywell 107. Cat's Eye 107. Descend 107.
Pamela 107.
Weather clear, track fast.
NEW YORK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telepraph.
Flmt race— Colossal, Lady Henrietta,
Quadrille.
Second race— Caaslnl, Mastcnon,
Confederate. .
Third race — Miss Rillle, Bellatrix,
Jennie McCabe. .'.. \u25a0
' Fourth race— Hermis, Hamburg Belle,
Wild Mint.
Fifth race— Chimney Sweep, Invader,
The Southerner.
Sixth race— Argentine, Ballotta, Pa
mela.
Detroit Trottlnff Results.
DETROIT, July 26.— Grand Circuit re
sults: -
\u25a0 >2:18 pace, purse $1500, three-heat \u25a0 plan —
Maud Kcswlck won the " first and third heats
in 2:CS$i 2:C9; Bollver won the second heat
' in 2:09Vi." Black Patchen, Charlie ; Patch, Ma
jor \u25a0 Wilson Inter Ocean, Rejeana. Tommy
; Burns. Red Nightingale and Billy A also
2:04 pace, purse $1500, •; three-heat plan—Lo
canda won the first and second heats In 2:05,
I 2:08U: King Direct won the third heat in
: 2 - 06. Nathan Strauss 1 also started.
: • . 2 :12 trot, purso $1500,'; three-heat plan — Lady
1 Mac won \u25a0 the three straight - : heats," 2 :o6^i,'
2 - OS%. 2:11 Mack Mack. Major Greer,'- Gold
I Dust Maid." John Caldwell, Flash LlKhtninß
and Go.d Standard also, started.
; Arthur Hlllebrand, the former. Princeton star,
i Ditched superbly. . Attendance, ' 1300. Score: ,
- \u25a0-•'.•\u25a0'-•. " - •. \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0• \u25a0 -,•«.?\u25a0; R. H. E.
I Pittsburg .... . . . .....".'• ... ....... . . . 8 12 2
'Boston ..:;...'....\u25a0............ 2 7 a:
: Batteries — Hlllebrand; and. Peltz;- Willis and
! Mcran. Umpire. Emslle. . V ~
I PHILADELPHIA, July 28.— Philadelphia de
feated Chicago to-day ; in ' an 5 interesting and .
I well-played eleven-Inning game.*- - The pitching
on • both sides was - steady . and eftective. • At
tendance, 2500. 'Score: - - {
1 ' . ' \ R. H. E.
! Chicago . .......::............... 2 9 1
Philadelphia v;. ;."..% . n~. . .": : :... ... .-3 13 0
; Batteries— Brlggs. \u25a0 Reulbach - and Kllng;
Nichols and Abbott. :V- Umpire — Johnstone. .
I NEW-YORK.. July 1 26.— Although) Cincinnati'
outbatted the locals - to-day , R Ewing"s ; bases :on
balls and ; poor fielding ? gave ; the New : Yorks I
a . victory - by \u25a0 a ? score- -• of 0 \u25a0to :5. V Ames was "
batted out • of. the s box in the eighth . inning, ;
McGlnhlty taking his place.:: Attendance, 5000.
Score: I : . 1, •"
R. H. E.
Cincinnati .......................... 5 - 12*. 4
New : Y0rk ........:.. . .r.T.T.-?™. '. ::*.'. : 6 ' 6 - 2
- Batteries — Ewlng \u25a0' and Schlei; : Ames,; McGln-"
nity_ and „': Bresnahan.; , Umpires^-Klem and
. Bausewlne. > r 3S£!Smttßa
POLICE SCARE
THE GAMBLERS
Only a Small Crowd Turns
Out to See the Ponies Go
Over the Jumps at Delmar
MAGNATES LOSING COIN
Although Running Behind a
Thousand Dollars a Day,
They. Will Fight to the End
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July 28.— The police again
had charge of the Delmar betting ring
this afternoon, but although the battle
ground belonged to the officers ; the
speculators continued doing business as
ordinarily. Five more men were arrest
ed, but this time by the county officials
under county warrants. The men were
immediately released on bond. Betting
continued in a quiet way all afternoon,
but the continued raids are having an
effect and the attendance was not over
400 to-day.
The management of the Delmar Jockey
Club is losing at least $1000 each day the
track operates, but no signs. of weaken
ing have yet been, manifested by the
magnates. The owners state they will
stick to the game just as % long as the
horses will run, regardless of the inter
ference with the betting end of the
game. As Delmar is making the last
stand of the Western Jockey Club mag
nates to maintain a track throughout the
summer for their followers, it is consid
ered likely that the game will go on in
definitely.
• Taby Tosa won the feature event of
the afternoon in a desperate drive from
Bavarian and Marlin. Two favorite* won
for the form players. Summary:
FIRST RACE^ — Four arid a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling: " _
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % \u25a0 Fin.
3to I— Suzanne. 101 (Brlnegar) 4 2 1%1 1
20 to I— Pirate's Dream, 101 (Rley) 5 12 2 1
10 to I— Bonita, 91 (Spears)..... 2 3 h 32/
Time, :57 Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, J. S. Bratton's b. f. by Bitter Root-
Caress. Carrie Francis 101, Mac Lynch 106,
Sibylla 86, Peafowl 101, Katherine L 101 and
Sadia Martin 101 flniehed as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling: .: .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to 2— Jake Ward. 10S (Battlste) 3 2 h 1 tt
Bto I— Lucian. 104 (Harris) .... 6 61 21
6to I— Frank Bell, 106 (Rice)... 11l 3 }i
Time, 1:16 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. T. Lee & Sons' eh. g. (7) by
Principal-Minerva. Allista 102, Dr. Scharff
110. Fair Calypso 100, Pity 105. Mail Box 102
and Plater 104 finished aB named. . :
THIRD RACE— Five arid la half furlong*;
two-year-olds; handicap: !
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6to 6— T. I Robinson, 105 (McOee) 3 12 11ft
3to I— Charlatan, 105 (Battiste).. 1 41.21
sto 2— Kiss, 07 (Sewell) ......... 4 2n 36
. Times. 1:10. Start good, . Won easily. Win
ner, Oots Bros\* br. f . by Sempronlus-Spider.
R. Brown 94 also ran. . / ... • • . ''. '\u25a0
FOURTH RACE — Handicap ! for three-year
olds and up; mile and seventy yards:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %.* Fin.
8 to.s— Taby Tosa, 104 (Harris).. 4 2 1 Ink
7to I— Bavarian, 85 (Walker).... 11l 2 h
Btos— Marlln, 97 (Rice) ... 2 81%32
Time, 1 :47 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, H. B. Burnett's b. g. (6), by- Le
Premier-Grey Bess. Wedgewood 04, Miss Mac
Day 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up:
seven furlongs; selling: ' ,-
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4to I— Dr. Hart, 108 (Battlste).. 4 4 I>4l nk"
3to I— Last Faustus. 94 (Schade) 6 1 'j23
3 to I— Jade, j92 (Harri5). ........ 33 Ift3 1
Time. 1:30. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. F. E. Ryan's b. g. (6), by Hart Wallace-
Florence Shank. Miladl Love 100, Onyx II 103,
Tom Manklns 102, Fred Prlesmeyer 94, Bon
nalle 106, finished as named.
SIXTH f RACE^ — Three-year-olds and up;
one and. an eighth miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
6to s— Eclectic, OS (Sewell) 4 3 1 lft.
Even— Bullfinch.' 94 (J_ Russel). 5 lh 23
10 to I— Lady F Kgt, 92 (Schade) 8 2 1 3 2
Time, j 1 :68 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, P. H. Jones' b. g. (4), by Henry of
Navarre-Enchantress. Blrdwood 101, Flora
Levy 94, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
, ST. LOUIS, July 26. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Delmar:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, purse,
maidens — Angelic 107, Caroline W 107, Tavora
107, Nettie Me 97, Pennle Mitchell 102, Sain
tolat 107. Nettle Roth 102, ; Buxom 107.
Second I race, »lx furlongs, three-year-olds,
celling— George T. 97, Happy Chap 97, Katie
Crews 92, Fred Prlesmeyer 94; Henry Ach 1 102,'
Ethel's Pride 92. : •
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing—Plnta 101. Bitter Hand 105, Tom McGrath
112, Fairview 104, Conde 104. St. Columb 108,
Dick Redd 107, George Schell 106.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Lone Wolf 99, / Athena 105, Light Opera
102. Dave Sommers 102.' . r
Fifth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing—Tennybee 100. Sweet Kittle Bellairs 102,
Mail Box . 105, Investor 97, Fortune Teller 100,
Margery Gaffney 97. Comic Opera 105. -
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds, selling
— Sandalwood'9B, Delusion 97, Jade 104, Atoga
91, Rhoderick ' Dhu 98. Ollle Burnett 91.
.Weather cloudy. Track fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
\u0084• First race— Angelic, Caroline XV,
Nettle Roth.
Second, race — Henry Ach, Ethel's
Pride, Fred Prlesmeyer.
Third race— Conde, Bitter Hand,
Plnta. >
Fourth r race — Lone Wolf, Light
Opera, Dave "Sommera.
Fifth race— Comic Opera, Tenny Bee,
Investor. '
Sixth race— Ollle Burnett, Jade, De
lusion.'
MILLER BEATEX AT GOLP^
'WHEN HE LOOKS A WINNER
H. Chandler Ecran and: His Cousin
Walter SuMtaln. the Family Repu
- . : tutlon.
CHICAGO,; July 26.— 0n1y-five golfers
from out';of town \ remain in. the West- i
em ; championship as the
result of the j first round of match \ play,
ut the Glenview Clublinkslto-day. Guy
A. Miller: of gold medalist: -in
,the , qualifying - round/ furnished : I the
only real "surprise of \u25a0_ the track • by; suc
cumbing 'to * Charles f Baker," a ; Chicago
Board of .Trade manj" by the overwhelm
ing* score * of ; 7 'do wn and 5 ; to play. : ;*'ir|
Champion :H.;Chanaler;; EganKre
moved H. -T. \u25a0 Cole . of ; Detroit, from : the
tournament : by/s;UPv4tto. play, land his
cousin.^Walter.Egan, upheld the family
reputation' r by ': eliminating. /former!
•Western ; Champion i Phel ps •B. Hoy t \ by
a score of 3;up 2'to play. \ .Walter, Fai
rbanks \ off Denver ? turned I the • tables : on
the 1 man who 'j defeated ; him ?in ;the I On-,
wentsla .. tournament/; and > removed '\u25a0: X. 1
L^Ames by;3lup ; 2?to'play.o P.*R;«.Tal
bot.'\u25a0}the kwichita*- (Kans. ) * expert,-* dis
posed of .W. A.' : Lawhead' of Minneapolis
after: the. closest ; kind "of '. a match- by
r one:-up'.";"'\ ."'\u25a0:'-. ':.:/"\u25a0'. '\u25a0-\u25a0: - \u25a0; ; ,vv'-'-. "\u25a0\u25a0 \ • : -
%h The ' draw = for • to-morrow; in ; the^: sec
ond ] round ; includes: .:. Wai terj Fairbanks
versus * Ralpht^Hoagland, -i IL'j'H C^j Egan
versus R." E. Hun ter,' P.- R; Tal bo t jversus
Ned Sawyer, [J. ;\u25a0 M. . Greer versus :.W.* B.*
Egan.^: -\u25a0;\u25a0 .--.....-,- ..- ....
FORM PLAYERS
HAVE AN INNING
Favorites and Second Choice
-Horses Have Everything
Their Way at Cincinnati
TWO BILLS IS BEATEN
Shakelf ord Easily Outruns
Varner and Lights Out
in Steeplechase Event
Special Dispatch to Tn« Call.
CINCINNATI. July 26.— Favorites and
second choices captured the card at La
! tonla to-day. The third event for 2-year
1 old colts and upward and, the fifth race,
i a steeplechase, were the | features of a
I poor card run, slow over a poor track
before a small crowd/
Mandator won the third race from Two
Bills, the odds-on favorite, in a hard
drive. Bhackelf ord easily won the stee
plechase from Varner, the favorite, with'
Lights Out; third. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up : selling: sy
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % • Fin.
7 to 2— Pontotac, 61 (Radtke).. 4 12 13
30 to I— Phlora 104 (McLaughn) 7 3 2 3 3
9to 2— H 'Lybns.lo2 (Robnson) 5 4 5/8 1
Time, 1:22. • Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. O. and G. H. Keen's : b. g. (3) by Ju
venal-Prosalc. Mary Eleanor 09, Florl 108,
Anna Beall 97, \ Llzetta S 102, Feby Blua 97,
Danube 102, Black Dutch 99. Sandburr 102.
Nicholas R 97. Harlequin 101. finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— FIva furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; selling:
Betting Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Yazd. 106 (Treubel) . 7-4416
Even — Goldmate 110 (Walsh).. 3 6 12 2
20 to I— Pinaud, 102 (Davis) 8 7 2 8 2
Time, 1:02 2-5. Start good.' Won easily.
Winner, W. F. Schultc's b. c. by Falsetto-
Gilding Boy. Flagstone 102, Doc Thompson
99, Voltmeter 102 Bourbon News 106, Dams
Durden 103. finished as named.
THIRD RACTE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse: . . .
Betting Horse. "Weight Jockey. St. % Flo.
6 to I— Mandator, 111 (Treubel). 1 . 1 2)£l n
4 to 6— Two Bills 114 (Walsh).. 4 6 4 2 4
6 to I— Marvin Neal, 102 (Nlcol) 2 2 <i 3 U
Time. 1:01. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. K. Hughes' b. c. by Madlson-Flamln—
go. Agnolo 111. Neodesha 107. Dr. Windell
104. Toastmaster 100, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— six and a half furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % - Fin.
• 9to 10— Eldonoso, 110 (Walsh).. 1 2 I^l 4
20 to I— MJr Cpter, 102 (Cheatm) 9 4 1 2 h
30to.l— Erla Lee, 105 (Booker) 8 9 3 2
Time. 1 :21 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. A. L. Austin's eh. m. (4) by Boan
erges-Crennan. Rossessa 100. Jlmalong 104,
Bernlca 105. Miss Manners 102. Blytheness 107,
Belltoone, 106. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Bntting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
oto 5— Sbackfclford, 130 (Patton) 2 1 I^l 4 .
2to I— Varner. 160 (McClain) . . . 1 2 I^2 5 -
Bto I— Lgts Out, 12S (McAultffe) 3 3 15 3 25
Time. :l:00 1-5» Start good. Won easily.
Winner. ' G. CocHran & Co.'s eh. c. (aged) by
Dcnavarro-Tee-Ky-Tee. New Amsterdam 129,
finished fourth. \u25a0
SIXTH RACE— On«* : and three-eixteentha
miles; selling: four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4to I—St1 — St Paris. 105 (Vand«rbt) 2 12 11
lOtol— Hot. 100 (Kooner) 3 3h 2 H
10 to I— Crdl Wolsey, 105 (Nlcol) 5 5 1 3 h
Time, 2:01. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner A L. Klrby & Co.c br. c (6) by Hlndoo-
Sapho. Axares 104, Swlftwlng 109. GUfaln
104, Animosity 105, Helgerson 97, finished as
named. "' -
CINXINNATI ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI, July 28.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latpnla:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Algonquin
96, Ivernla 101, Sister Lillian 101. Pirate 103,
Safety Light 103, Dunmore 103. Shogun 103,
Hardcastle 107, Sam Craig 106, Two Penny
106, Cre»certon 106.
' Second race, five furlongs, selling — Jlllette
107, \u25a0 'Anna Smith - 90, -Inspector Girl 92, 1 Pro
gression 05, Queen Caroline 95, -Rosl Nl Nl 95,
Roxena 97. Society 97, Floss 8 99. Vie Kin
ney 101, Hostility 104, Grace Wagner 110.
Third race, fllx furlongs, purse — Goodtlme
100, Ethel Barry 100, Glided Lady 100, Ma
ceona \u25a0 102, Jim Collins 102, Harlequin 102,
Bird of Passage 101, Gleeman 105, Wlnton 105,
Retort 105. Frank Bill 107, Twenty Shot 107,
Maran 107, Nominee 101/.
.^-Fourth race, | one mile I and I seventy yards,
selling— Siss Lee 87, Denlce 90, Chief Bush 00,
Florizel 100. Hortensla 102, San Remo ,103,
Western Duke 111.' ". \u25a0:
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Sherrill 104.
Prince Glenn 104, Stoner Hill 104, Creel 109,
Trenola 109, Hogan \u25a0 109, - Speechmaker 109,
Tbeo. Cas« IC9.
» Sixth race, seven furlongs. Belling — Federal
98, Mint Bed 100, The Laurel 100. Robin Hood
103, Woods Perry 103, Lord Haven 103, Rlan
103. Van. Hope 103. Ike 103, Jigger 103.
, Weather , clear. Track faat.
CINCINNATI SELECTIONS.
i By the New ..Jork Morning-. Telegraph.
First race— Two Penny, Sam Craig,
Pirate. , ,
\u25a0 Second race— Vie Kfnney, Hostility,
Grace /Wagner.
.Third race— Retort, Maran, Nominee.
Fourth race— Western Duke, San
Remo, Hortensla.
Fifth " race— Hogan, The© Case, Tre
nola. ; " \u25a0
: Sixth race— Van Hope, Wood* Perry,
Robin Hood. . t -'y
FAIR RACKET WIE LDERS
STRUGGLING FOR TROPHY
Mlm Van Vl let, .Two-Time. Winner of
' Cup, Hm Chance to Annex
. It for Keeps.
\u25a0The handicap. singles tournament for
the Van Vliet cup, played on the park
tennis ; courts yesterday, furnished some
exciting matches. It was the fifth com
petition'for: the -trophy,, and the handi
caps in most cases were about right.
Five players survived the day's play
and will meet in the concluding rounds
to-day. \u25a0 V.f?y . '\u25a0;i; i r -Viw : ,
Miss Vodden and Miss Weed, qualified
for the semi-flnals in" the upper, half
and Miss Cully >* obtained rto the semi
finals : in ; the lower. She will ; meet the
winner of the unfinished match between
Miss Van Vliet and Mrs. Watson. The
last named match was called when Miss
VanVVliethad a good lead. She won the
first set by a small margin and the score
stood games ' all in the ; second set. Thi3
match was the best jof the day and Miss
.Van ! VHet,iJ who * 13 fgiving * tremendous
odds to: the, other entrants, will have to
play ; her. best to \ win; -> She has won the
cup twice already, and if she \u25a0 is; success
ful to-day, it will go to her permanently:
Miss LVani Vliet ; and Mrs. .Watson will
complete',, their matchi at '9:3o this morn
ing. The winner.Vwill * meet Miss Cully
at?l:3oarid v the, finals are Vet for - 3
o'clock. V The : scores i follow:
-\u25a0" Preliminary :, round— Miss >\Veed . (15) beat
Miss Crocker (owe 1-6), 6-8,, 6-2. ;7-5: MtwVan
Vleet (owe 15 5-6) boat Miss Sea" (15) 6-4, i 7-5;
Mrs. % Watson* (owe .1-6) j beat Miss , Greenberg
(15)/;6-2,- 6-3.^ .y ' v> v : - -
v • First' \u25a0 round — Miss .Vodden ; (owe \u25a0 3-6) beat
Miss ' Mearns \u25a0 (owe 1-6), 10-8. 6-4;- ; Miss Weed
beat : Miss >D. Unger (13). ; 6-0. 6-0; . Miss .Van
Vleet 1 . vs. * Mrs. -. Watson," \u25a0 8-6, \ 5-5 \u25a0In favor "-of
Miss Van Vleet:>Mlßß- Cully.' (3-6) beat ;Mlgs
M. Unger . (ls).-, 6-1. > ; 6-o.V'.'.s
i- SPOKANTi- July , 26.— Harry Brandt.v for five
years city : passenger agent' of the j Great North-"
ern.t has resigned 1 to' become, district ] passenger
agent of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company
TRACK OWNERS
AFTER BOOKIES
Judge Frazer of Circuit
Court Orders Them Be
fore Him in the Morning
BETTING STILL BRISK
Ivy Powell Bides Poor Eace
-on Peter J and Spoils
His Chance of Winning
8p«clal Dltpatch to Th* Call.
PORTLAND, July 28.— Good races and
a good card were the features to-day on
the Irvington "track.. Ivy Powell rode a
mighty, poor race on Peter J, an odds on
favorite in the fourth event.; and destroy
ed all chances of winning -a • race that
looked In at the start. There was a
heavy play on the horse at 3 to E. Sterling
Towers was bid up from $400 to 1700 after
he had won the race and, was retained by
the owners. Crigll," the favorite, . was
driven hard to win the last^event on the
card, one mile' and one hundred yards.
Decisive, action "intended to. force the
pool selling issue was taken in the Cir
cuit Court this morning. by Captain E.
W. Spencer, agent and attorney for Mrs.
Elizabeth Ryan, owner of the track. Suit
was begun by Mrs. Ryan against the les
sees of her property and an order issued
by Judge Frazer requiring the defen
dants to appear in court at 9:30 o'clock to
morrow morning, at which time the writ
issued is made returnable, and show cause
»'hy a permanent injunction should not be
granted, stopping them from allowing
gambling at the track in any form dur
ing the progress of the racing meet.
, The order was served this afternoon
by Sheriff Word on the following defen
dants: The Multnomah Fair Association,
A. R. Diamond, president of the associa
tion; Sanford Hlrsch, August Erlckson.
Eugene and Edward Blazler, directors.
Pool selling at the track this afternoon
was not affected by the writ, and will
continue until such. time as the court may
decree that it Is illegal. The summary:
Firs* race six furlongs — Annie Burke, 4 to
1 8 to 5 7 to 10, won; Ere Yesterday, tt to 1.
3* to 1. second; Indlna. «yen. third. Time,
Second race, six furlongs — Lady Kispar,,
even. 2 to 6, out. won; Mabel Bates 5 to 2.
out. second: Light of Day. 2 to 5. third. Time.
'Third race, five and a half furlongs— Hlrtle,
8 to 6 3 to B, 8 to 10, won; Nullah. 6 to 6.
1 to 2. second: Dr. Sherman, 1 to 2, third.
Fourth ra*ce. six furlongs— Sterling Towers,
2 to 1. 1 to 2. out. won; Peter J. 1 to 4, out.
second; Bountiful. 3 to 1. third. Time, 1:16%.
Fifth race, mile— Bessie Welfly. 6 to 5, 1
to 2. 1 to 4. won; Fllle d'Or. S to 4. 1 to 4.
second; Hogarth. 3 to 1 «"«*-,, ™??- .}'•<£*•
Sixth race, mile and ICO yards— Crlgll. 3 to
4, 2 to 6 out. won; Isabellita. * to 5. 1 to 2.
second; The Pride. 5 to 2. third. Time. 1:4..
FIRE TEAMS SPLIT EVEN
IX RACE FOR A TROPHY
BIGGS. July 26.— The first two races
of a series of four arranged between the
hose companies of Biggs and Orovllle.
the . best three In four to decide the
award of a $100 prize, were pulled off at
Biggs this evening. • The Biggs team
beat the county record In a run of 100
yards, connecting with the hydrant,
running off 150 feet of hose, attaching
the nozzle and securing water in Just
28% seconds.
Oroville lacked one turn' of the nozzle
and lost three . seconds, making the
company's time 34% seconds.
• The second race was won by Oroville,
time 31% seconds, against 32 made by
Biggs. The - other two events will be
pulled off at Oroville next "Wednesday.
Tennis -at Portland.
PORTLAND. July; 26.— 1n the Oregon
State tennis championship games . to
day the results were:
Men's singles— Bush of San Francisco beat
Fenton, 6-2- 6-0; Van Ness of . Wlnlock beat
Rosenfeld *6-2. 7-3; Shiver of Wlnlock won
from Smith by default; ' Andrews beat Ladd,
8-1 6-2* Takaki of Toklo beat Scott. 6-1. ft-1:
Bellinger beat Nunn. 6-1. 6-2; Forbes beat
Sargent, 7-5 6—3. • - ~.
Men' » doubles — Rosenfeld and "West beat
Ledbetter and Kerr. 6-0. 6-1.
fARE you Weak?]
Do you want to be strong? Do you want to feel
the vim: the -snap and fire of vigor? Do you 'want!
courage, energy and ambition . to support you in your
cares and troubles? *
' . I havedevoted my. life to , the. development of manly and womanly
vigor. I've made a great success. My methods are now being approved
by. the greatest scientists and doctors and copied.
I've proven: that electricity is the basis of all animal life, and that
."weak men,", dyspeptics, rheumatics, sufferers from lost energy, weak
: kidneys, pains in. the back, head, chest and shoulders, from varicocele >
-and its allied weaknesses, etc., are weak in electricity.
My Electric Belt restores this life In a few lrreks and cures every time.
' M/IKFQ ft/IFftl ni/FP It beats the world for building: up men broken
l "**'* L **'. n ;! 1 -V l vVLIV, down from dissipation and neglect of the
laws of nature/ No' matter what your; trouble is you can be made better
and stronger by using this wonderful Belt. It pours grlowinjr vitality into
the body, and that does wonders. Try.it and save doctor Bills and use-
iless suffering. It cures Rheumatism, Back Pains and all organic weakness.
RFin MY RnYIK J have a book which every man should read (one
L IXI -H>': ITI \u25a0 OU V I V for women also) .It tells facts that are of in-
terest to every man who wants to remain youns in vitality at any age.
;Send for this book 'to-day if you 'can't call.* I mail it. sealed, free. If you ;
call I' will give you a free test. Remember, my Belt does not burn, though
you feel the current aTid can regulate -It. I warrant it to give a strong
"current for years, though- no man who uses it right needs it over three ;
; months." Cut: this out- and act to-day. ;\u25a0\u25a0;
i\l\ C Mr\ silia*hlin Street,!
\u25a0kJTi a"» V? i' r At'L«"«-*^niin, . Abars Ellis. Su FnnaiMa
\u25a0 Office Hours— S'a. m.' to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.
SPORTS
TEXAS GIANT
A HUGE JOKE
Kaufmann Brings His Eight
Over to the Jaw and the
Contest Comes to an End
XEVEB- STRIKES A BLOW
Massive Tramp Stays on the
Floor While the Spectators
Voice Their Disapproval
Another stiff rot his last night at th»
Hawthorn* Club's boxing tournament at
Woodward's Pavilion, when Al Kaufmans
of the Olympics handed Charles Hlllard.
the "Texa* Tiger," a sleeper in the first
part of the Initial round. Hardly had the
men unllmbered their mitts be/ore a
blow, which looked slight to the deluded
patrons, shot out from the coast cham
pion's right and the "pride of the South"
Imagined himself to be tn th* vicinity of
Mount Hamilton. The stars he didn't
see were many and If ever a man laid
down without even trying to giv* the
patrons their moneys worth that man
was Hillard.
He was as slow on his feet as th*
proverbial cow and not half a* c!sr*r.
Kaufmann pranced about him as taouxh
he were circling a May-pole looking for
a Itad. which was not lony In comlnjr.
The biff man stalled from th* start. H*
could not block a swing, nor did he thaw
the slightest thing about th* game.
Kaufmann was first In th* ring; bat
the crowd saved their enthusiasm to
greet tbe mystery from the Lone Star
State. Only a glance was needed to
demonstrate that Hlllard was not cut
out for the game. Neither muscles nor
evidence of training showed through tfi*
pink tikin and the galleries cried in de
rision at the flabby monster. Hoots
greeted him as soon as his gaudy calico
bath robe was taken off.
Kaufmann was the first to get down
to work and landed a straight right on
the chest, to which the alleged South
erner was unable to reciprocate. The
wearer of the "O" had the goods with
him and after several passes handed out
a pretty blow that sent the untrained
Hlllard to the canvas.
Under a waller that no ons thought
rood for more than a three-second count
Hlllard took to the mat and with, one
arm on his elbow looked across the ring
for several seconds as If contemplating
the seriousness of the scrap. Slowly he
Bank to the floor, and abandoned the
mill. He closed h!s eyes, to open them
only after being dragged from the ring
amid the hisses of derision of the
patrons. Referee Ed Smith gave the go
to.Kaufmann because of Hillard'a In
competence.
The- best mill amonir the preliminaries
was the Christie-Knock go. each flshter
tearing around In the greatest rough
house scrap of the evening. Both weigh
ed in at 145 pounds. The decision was
given to the former after both had be
come groggy from the rain of blows that
filled the air. ; :^;
John Rodney scored the only knockout
of the night by felling Fawcett of th»
Hawthorne Club In the 130-pound match
during the fourth round. Fawcett was
clever, but his opponent proved the
stronger. V -,V--~
The bantam-weight match between
Roach and Carroll was won by the
former on points, it going the full four
rounds. Kane's old-time cleverness help
ed him win the bo with Brown of th©
Hawthorne Club. After being all but
knocked out several times In his fight
with Flores, Sullivan was awarded the
honors over the Olympic Club man. Jack
Hampton made such a poor showing
when he faced Jack McLaughlln that
Smith declared him incompetent. He was
knocked down three times in as many
seconds.
MISS FLORENCE SCTTOS
Wl>'S FROM MRS. HULL
SAN DIEGO, 'JuIy 28. — A feature of
the tennis tournament at Coronador to
day was the match in the morning be
tween Miss Florence Sutton and Mrs.
Clement Hull. It resulted in a riotory
for Miss Sutton. Following are the re
sults of the day's play:
. Hala beat Scott, 4-0; 6-0, 8-0; Mlsa J"lorenc»
Sutton beat Mrs. Hull. 8-3. 8-3; Townsend
beat MacKinnon. 8-1. 8-3. 8-0; Angler beat
Gay. 7-5, 6-0. 6-2.
Slnaabaugh and BraJy b«a.t Aadanon end
Jewett. 6-4. 6-3. 6-3.
BraJy b«at Halo. 6-4. 8-1, 6-8: M!ra V. But
ton beat Miss Fenton. 6-3. 8-3; Orerton beat
Sln»abau»b. &-7. 4-6. 6-3. 6-4.
Morgan and Elliott beat Ensign and Rum.
8-6. 6-3. 6-0: Wala and WaU beat Kellon
and'Mathewson. 8-2 6-2. 4-6, 6-4: Auxin and
Miss Byan beat Mlsa Gay and Qiy, 7-3. 6-3.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN* D. SPKECKELS •• • • • .Proprietor
- -~ DKESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOU.V McXAUGHT - • Ma j^gj^
PV BLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
THURSDAtT T. .JULY 27, 1905
THE GRAND JURY'S REPORT.
rpHE Grand Jury, after what was evidently a painstaking exam
1 ination, assisted by experts, has massed in a report the record
* facts about the municipal administration. The report shows
maladministration and worse. In several matters it leads up to the
door that shuts in the personal conduct of members of the ruling
junta, where their official power protects .the filthy and lucrative
pursuits of their favorites, who pay for protection by ballot-box
stuffing and other crimes and offenses. Behind these closed doors,
the immoral business of a convict is kindly carried on by a city
officer, while his friend serves his time in the penitentiary. The rent
of another immoral resort is declared by the Grand Jury to be guar
anteed by the Mayor himself. The report shows some of these things
that connect the politics of the city administration with the vices
of the city.
This system is inseparable from government by graft. Im
moral politicians quickly learn the profit that is in the vices of
large cities. When they gain control of municipal administration
every rattle of the dice, every turn of a card and every sacrifice of
a poor soul in its degradation pays to them tribute. This system
is in as full swing here as it ever was in Xew York under Tammany
or in Philadelphia under Billy Mann's "Pilgrim Band." No one ex
pects to purge large cities of their vices, but it *is hoped that San
Francisco may secure a municipal government that is not an active
partner in vice as a business and a means of profit.
Where the activities of such a partnership are regarded as the
principal business and function of city officers, it is natural that
their legitimate duties should be regarded as a remote and inconse
quential side issue, deserving attention only when there is opportu
nity to make a little money on the side. So the report shows a
multitude of violations of the charter, amounting to impeachable
offenses. Moneys are not paid over, but are held out of the treasury
for personal benefit. The interests of the city are* sacrificed to fa
vorites of the government in the matter of contracts. Rents due
the city are permitted to run at the risk of loss, or when collected
are held out The duty of the Mayor to see that all the officers are
faithful and that the taxpayers are protected from loss is left un
done, and leaks, large and little, are dripping cash into dishonest
hands, throughout the whole city sytem.
The reception given this report of the Grand Jury by the offi
cials concerned, and their organs, is as amazing as the facts it( dis
closes. The organs and the literary syndicate which the administra
tion maintains immediately denounced the channel through which
the report became public, as irregular. They discovered that the
report was not authorized. They were frantic because the particu
lar Judge of the Superior Court having jurisdiction of the Grand
Jury had not issued a permit for the publication of the report. When
all of their comments were put in a composite it appeared as their
opinion that the Grand Jury was guilty of a heinous offense by the
alleged irregular publication of its report. The organs did not take
the trouble to explain why it was, irregular, nor to answer any of
the charges it contained. They were noisy about the regularity of
the proceeding in order to divert public attention from facts to a
matter of form. *
Now it makes no difference whether that report came vised
from the desk of a Superior Judge; or whether it was blown out of
the window by a vagrant breeze. Interest in it goes to its sub
stance and material, and not to the channel through which it became
public. The only inquiry made by the people is, are the sixty
charges and specifications in that report true? If true, it is no
answer to them to palter and jackdaw 'about the body, that made
the report, or its regularity. In these matters the truth is always
regular, though it spring from the ground or fall from the sky. Thr
organs of the municipal administration have not disproved a single
charge. They have not tried to disprove any count iri the indict
ment. They have moved to quash only because it did not ' reach
the public under the sacred seal of the Superior Court. If under
the seal of the truth it needs no other. Are the sixty specific charges
against the Mayor and members of the city. government true? If not
all true, which are true and which false? Let the organs or the
Mayor's Cabinet pick out any that are not true, and prove them
false.
The primary election is near. It will determine the character
of the city government for the next term. The charges against the
present government are published on the authority of the Grand
Jury. Do the people of San Francisco want to indorse an adminis
tration that is guilty of the offenses charged? If they snub the
primary and fail to do their duty, the administration and its red
handed offenses will be indorsed by default. ; What' that will mean
may be judged by looking at Philadelphia, New York, Chicago and
other large cities where graft has become fixed as a part of the duties
of administration. What is revealed by the Grand Jury has hap
pened in the green stick. If it is overlooked what will happen in the
dry?
NEW YORK'S HOT WAVE.
4
T"\ ANTHEISM, if it were a true, philosophy, could convict July
|~^ weather in the East of such horrible crimes that the spirit
* of the hot wave would appear one of the greatestfcnonsters of
iniquity. The history of one hot day in New York, namely July
igf is something at once for shuddering sympathy toward the peo
ple of the metropolis, and for strong gratitude that we escape that
horror. It would be a most happy consummation if these two feel
ings could combine to stimulate the invention of a remedy.
Even to briefly summarize the awfulness 5 of the heat's effect
is enough to fully awaken sympathy. It takes a column of space to
give name and address of the dead and prostrated. A woman goes
• mad under the torment of the weather. That is only the beginning
of horrors in that one house, for the crazed woman stabs her nine
teen-month-old baby with a carving knife. Another woman car
ries her baby, Helen, five months old, to the hospital- tp be treated
for prostration; the child had been dead .two hours before she
started, but in the madness of her mother grief she refused to realize
it and took the corpse to the doctorsto 4 beg. them to help it. A
woman, finding the close air of her apartment intolerable, goes out
to sleep on a fire escape. She falls thirty feet arid sustains" serious,
possibly fatal injuries. Another, with mind affected by the heat,
commits suicide by turning on the gas.
Much of help has been given. The parks are thrown open to
the privilege of sleeping under guard of special police there. ; The
.people seek the travel of the subways for the sake of just four, de
gfcees of relief. Fancy that! A heat so oppressive that four degrees
\u25a0of release from it is accounted a mercy and the sufferers hunt the
underground tubes to obtain it. The bathhouses are allowed to
be used longer hours. As for the horses, the ever ready firemen
turn the hose on the overcome ones. Thus also is helped the Si
berian tiger at the Zoo. He is one of the greatest;'sufferers in New
York; never experienced such weather before, and- wishes he was
The thought that comes to overtop all this is that such suffer
ing, should' not be beyond the remedy of modern science.. Living iii
the age of Hertzian waves, of artificial ice, of electricity vastly gen
erated and easily brought from afar, of rapid transit, and of groat
general mastery of mind over physical conditions, it would .seem
that inventive thought should be responsive enough. to bring. forth
the remedy from where it hides. _
"It is always cool in the Boston subway,".' superflously' boasts a Hub
contemporary, as if it could be anything else in- Boston over or under
ground. — New Haven Palladium. v
News item says that' Sag Harbor is -seeing warships these days.* In the
good old whaling days, 1 when rum flowed freely, it used to see snakes.—
Hew York Herald - : ;
THE .SAN FRANCISCO \GAIi; THURSDAY,;; JULY 27, 1805.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse
W. E stood together long ago and
\u25a0-'- talked of what should be
When all our ships went sailing
forth upon the misty-sea;
White ships of hope, or gray of doubt, or
gilded barks of bliss— v; .'-'\u25a0 " :
"Ah, we will eatr them far,*' I said,
" 'neath bluer skies than this,: . ;
And whereryjever I may go, o'er unknown
seas to glide.
There shall you be, my bounie one, still
. faithful at my side." ; ' \u25a0\u25a0
Ah, time and tides have ' passed - since
then, yet still her whisper low-
Steals back' to ,me • through \u25a0 phantom
years: "Where'er you go I go."
I know Slot well on what fair bark at
first we sailed away,' \u25a0. - "'\u25a0
But sunny, .were our . skies of : hope;and
cheery was the day; \u25a0 ' ' . -*
And so we sailed straight on and on, hand
clasped in loyal hand.
Through walls of mist to walls. of mist,
to find our Aidennland,
But evermore 'twas just ahead, and ever
we would cry:
"To-morrow all the mists- will fade and
we our land shall spy,'* . > -
And still her white, hand steered my
bark, by waves tossed to and fro,
And . still I heard her j promise sweet.
"Where'er you go I go."
Still drifts my ship upon the sea through
mists of sullen gray,
But she who sailed a time with me, she
"is away — away.
A craft came sailing down the wind from
. some yet hidden shore:
The' captain was both gaunt and grim,
and cerements he wore.
He beckoned to my bonnie lass: "Come,
call away with me,
And you shall reach your Aidennland be
yond this restless sea,
And lie shall meet you there." Ah me!
the years are long, 1 know, -,'\u25a0•.-
Since last I heard her whispered word,
"Where'er you go I go." \ '.
My bark drifts in, my bark drifts out; it
lacks her- watchful care. ;
I sail o'er seas of gloom and doubt, nor
' land is anywhere.
Yet ftlll I trust that captain grim who
bore my lass . away,
Nor uotiSt : ..ile" loimtl her Aidennland be
yond the mist of gray.
So drift, my craft, and lift, my craft, on
billows mistward tossed:
She knows the bliss that now I miss, nor
is forever lost.
And some bright day— l know not when —
I'll hear her whisper low:
"Dear love, we in Aidennland—
where'er you go I go."
TROUBLE with life es I've {found it
Isthet the hull drammer's in one act,
an' I'd like ter know what's goin'
ter be on in the next, act. They needn't
ring down the curtain on my 'count
though— l ain't that anxious.
The man that'll kill himself fer a.wom
an is es big a fool es any 'cept one. That
one is the woman that'll kill herself fer
a man.
Some folks b'lleves in 'flnities in love,
but I take more stock in proximities in
it. I've noticed that the 'finlty gen'ly
lives purty nigh nex' door to the feller
thet finds her.
Course I'm 'bleeged to the: doctors, fer
flndin' vaccine virus fer smallpox an" in
sistin' thet a feller hes ter take it wheth
er he wants to er not. but I 'low they'd
do more good ef they'd d'scover a virus
fer laziness an' dishonesty. Them dis
eases Is more gen'Tal. ; ;
A feller kin. fall in love at firs' sight,
an" =he kih~ fall' ih-.-a river at firs' si^ht,
but be won't do either ef he don'r want
ter take some dvm 1 long chances.-'* ;'
It's a middlln' safe bet thet the Teller
thet says miscellanyus charity is" per
nlshus is the feller thet ain't needin' any
himself. \u25a0
4(— T O." said the Sweet Young Kitty
j\ Cat. with a look, of determlna
tlon, \u25a0"I shall never marry
Thomas." ' \u25a0
"Why not?" the other Sweet Young
Kitty Cat ; inquired. "He is a. cat of
excellent character and is held in the
very highest esteem in the community.
Why. only night before last he was
presented with a bootjack, a clothes
brush, a paper weight and two hair
brushes by some of the most prominent
citizens of tliis city." . . , \u0084,
"I know it, but I shall never marry
him. My mind is made up."
"But why not?" '
"He has no tact. Last night he sat
on our back fence and called me 'Ma
rier' at the top of his 'voice for fully
half an hour."
"Well, what of it?" \
"Why, he knows perfectly well," said
the Sweet Young^Kltty Cat, with a bit
ter Bob, "that I both spell and
nounce my name, 'Marya.' " . .-'\u25a0\u25a0. *
So it is all off with Thomas.
GIRL who signed' her name 'Alyce"
fi\ Was haughty and .as cold as yce.
Her sister ;Mae
Was sweet and gae,
Which shows that Mac was twyce as
" nyce. - ' \u25a0
There Is one man, .and but one, who
does not necd'to fear a fall. . But nobody
need envy him for his fortune very much.
He is the man who is at the bottom and
expects to stay 'there. \u0084 v •• - :
WHAT I ASK. . . . \u0084..
IT doesn't take much' for happiness:
A little bit more or a little bit less;
A dollar or two for a -time of .need—
A very small sum I would ask,. indeed —
A corner somewhere with a welcome for
me,. \u25a0 •'.'\u25a0 '-
An urchin or two to play at iriy knee.
I ask not for splendor that others may
view;.-'.'
I ask not for gold— silver dollars will do.
No more would I ask, save, to sweeten
my lot.
A little bit more than my neighbor has
"- '-gOt. jr.' •- ' : -- -. \u25a0-.'- ' ; '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'; '•"
No lordly ambition Is mine, it is true.
I ask not for diamonds— Just rubles: will
I do— '• \u25a0 .";;\u25a0:•\u25a0. -' /'.;'.\u25a0/•. . -fr% ." ,: :
A , plain little, home, and a plain. .little
'..'+:\u25a0. spouse ; , \u25a0..-;"\u25a0.'.\u25a0 /.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ><.; . .. .-• .;;..:'. - :
(Of course, not too plain) to brighten the
house. . ...>.;\u25a0.-.•.;. \u25a0«,.•::
I ask not for millions, deem thousands
';. enough—,.- \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'/ ,'.,..,.',.\u25a0. \u25a0
That is,, if the thousands are mine quan
. -,\u25a0 turn -sun!. ; \u25a0 - ; •<.;-•\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0• ; '-" \u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0-. "
"Nq/more.dq I ask; no more have I wi..ed;,'
My humble-ambition -is easily stilled. . ,
The.glamour of entices -me not— V.
,That*is/if I've> more than my neighbor
s^has ; got. «;.\u25a0\u25a0••:',.". \u25a0 \u25a0..; . \u0084 .\u25a0 . '.\".;
Ah, better, far better, contentment and
,-. . peace . .- _ . . :
Than promptings of avarice , never to
\u0084: - cease,,, .;"..... > ;. \u25a0. , \ : .,:-';,
Arid better, far better, with comfort your
, ./• guest ', --, .-',.,•'„\u25a0 :<:: <: \u25a0\u0084--. \u25a0 .. \u25a0/.;\u25a0/ .;\u25a0
; Thah , aye by the specter of envy pos-
, ; y'aessed.- _-\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0. \u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0•- -, --;V.''
The nian who toils on till, his millions are
]\u25a0:\u25a0[\u25a0 WOn, ', - ":'\u25a0 '. , . ...'",';.. .'\u25a0*.; '{',
How. much has he gained when his toiling
•-.;\u25a0 '. -' is. done? .:. - .. .:.'.'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 J.»
J&o •I; say, and -I mean, that it's little ,1
,':\u25a0)\u25a0\u25a0 crave, ;'....' "•• v .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,v>'--.- '\u25a0. ' -,-. \u25a0
A little to spend arid a little to save, ,
-And .-.having this much I'll contentedly
\u25a0 '\u25a0"\u25a0trot—-; .: •' ••• .• ;". '•'..'.;-.' : ''-• : ;,--
Thatr.'is, if I've riiore than my • neighbor
'i- has got. . . . . ...'.-...
* Townserid'SfCala: Glace, Fruits," iri^ar-'
tiBtlc*nre"-etche"d"box ! es.*".< New. store: now
open, T67 Market. 'street.. ;; ,> •: \u25a0',': ':.-'. * • .
•^•Spocial 'informatioh' supplied, dally ? to
business houses 'and* public' men?by;th6
Press'CHppinsr; Bureau (Allen's): ?a.CalI-
Xornia"6treet, : Telcohone Main 1042. \u25a0•••zz i >
RURAL FRANCE
HOME OF LOVE
Dorothy Fenimore
PARIS, July 10. .
IT would be difficult; to find a more
suitable background for love mak
'ingr. than the "rural landscape of
' central • prance affords. Earth and
sky combine their beauties to form a
rustic paradise."; In June nature wan
' ders down the fertile river valleys'llke
a: lovely 'princess ''who is crowned with
flowers and goes her way carelessly
yet nobly, veiled softly in a rosy mist.
,• Whether you follow the: high road or
the meadow? path, ; presently you find
yourself Joet in a veritable tanglewood
of sound and sense. Above the other,
bird notes Iwhich thrill the air the
cuckoo's call sounds; clear, the cricket
chirps a home song at your, feet, and
in the neighboring clump, of trees a
woodpecker whistles for rain. , '
„ To. the i right; the river, at this point
in its course no more' than a creek,
winds gracefully between sweet mead
ows, or under willow branches; farther
down, where it widens out, just beyond
the small arched' .bridge," there is an
old mill and a washhouse standing in
the stream. To .the right, at a —dis
tance, the hill tops: are outlined against
a summer sky, and. ahead are uplands
which, seem to- touch the lightly float
ing clouds. . ,- .V-
Yet youth is absent from every cor
ner of the scene, and without youth
you .cannot have romance. In \u25a0 the wide
fields .where poppies flame in the wav
ing grassland where bluets nod lightly
mid the ripening grain, you see only
old people working, bending their backs
wearily beneath a double weight of toll
and years. For all the young men are
serving in the army.
And the girls have gone to Paris, or
to some lesser city. nearer by, not to
earn a living merely, but also, if pos
sible, to earn a dot. \u25a0 '
You cannot help feeling^ that, it If
a pity that strangers only, who are
rarely in . a picturesquely sentimental
mood, have a chance to enjoy the at
tractive- lovers' nooks, that : 'i th s
neighborhood abound, the while the
rightful owners are far. away, plodding
through the prose of. life.
In the village customs hereabout,
however, a trace of the poety of the
country life of former days remains in
the crowning of the . Rosiere, which
takes place in early June. This is the
occasion when. \u25a0 the most virtuous
maiden of the parish receives a. rose In
acknowledgment of her goodness, and
receives likewise a dowry, which has
been provided either by the cure or by
some, kindhearted aristocrat of the
countryside. .
The- crowning of the Rosiere Is. always
a charming festival, even though the
rustic queen of virtue who has been
chosen Is homely, and utterly without
grace of, manner— which is usually true,
ofcourse, else she would not be, so sur
passingly good. Dressed all In white,
she goes through the streets . on the
Mayor's arm, followed by a procession
of white-robed maidens bearing gar
lands of : flowers. . ... "._. , '%
With appropriate ceremony, the
Mayor presents to. her the/ crown of
roses, the dowry which. has been pro
vided, and possibly a little gift of his
own, as a souvenir of the occasion.
. Sometimes the festival ends in a wed
ding, and / the ..Roslero becomes the
happy bride. of some rustic' suitor, who
appreciated her virtues even before
they won her a dot,.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
tfl BURROWS — J. \W. D.. City. United
"States Senator J. C. Burrows of.Michi
gan, whose term expired March of the
current year, was,re-elected as a Sen
ator from' that State.. •
SENATOR PERKINS— J. F. 8., Santa
Rosa, Cal.' The home address of United
States Senator George C. Perkins is Oak
land, Cal., and his Washington, D. C/,
address is StoneJeigh Court: >
BLEACHING— D., City. Yes, a per-
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
f A*s PARISIAN IPEIGNOIR.
% * /HILE; the, lingerie style is.the one most, frequently. , followed for .the
1 , YV P«Jgnolr j and • other: negligee gow ns, th< re are." others . that . while I they.ex
, press \u25a0 this ; style ? do V not \ .make : v se of the lingerie materials, y Such is the
illustration,Vwhertin?a^gowri of 'SaxeT;blu«* ; hen'rletta ; ;haB -a. revere-shaped
r ( collar .and;a!fanciful ? cun*,ln heavy;^ white Hnen.'dafhtlly worked In a combina
\u25a0':' tion f of .i French*; and JEngllsh f embroid eries- v ? There ; is \&l shallow yoke <o£ '\u25a0'; the
r<henriettai overt the* shoulders,-^ and Ho' this theTgown :1s applied. In. some what
pyffy rowsof shirring^ the? fitted 1 lining; of fa sheer ? silk .aervlng : to hold the
• full*, folds 'of a t he" matetial jto '\u25a0'„ the figure.!- ", The * sleeve \is I simply ,-av full -; and
, --loose ..puff| caught iintojthe^cuff.'j an embroidered frill being carried up ; the:
iV.bacKi seam ; for/ a,\ short 1 distance. -\u0084 The throat is * cut in a V. shape,' and the
t;fastenfng ; effected toward 1 : the, left; side.
THE MAKING OF A BENEDICT
y-«k [VERS is one of those fortunate
;M -fellows iwho knows the Mortons
A \/weHenou«h to. run out for a visit
to "their country home without a spe
cial invitation on the pccaslon' of each
call. When he boarded the train across
the bay- last Sunday, morning he ex
perienced never a fear lest the Mortons
should by a chance be away from home.
A ; dreamy Sunday in the country, filled
with brilliant sunshine and. perfumed
with air the fragrance of the summer
flowers, was sufficient attraction to
keep any one at home, if that home
was an ideal one of shaded verandas,
cool rooms and magnificent vistas of
country. \u25a0
It was a long walk .from the station
up to the Mortons' home, but Rivers
took it leisurely,
chuckling at a- lit^
tie surprise that
he was planning on
the Morton girls.
Fate, however, took
a hand in the game,
taking • the jok<
from Rivers. He
wondered idly why,
there was no one
on the verandas.j
"At church," he de
cided, as he saun
tered up the walk.
He tried the screen 1
door and found it
locked. Then he
rang the , bell. - It
was a Wng time be
fore there was any
answer. Rivers had
ensconced : himself
in one of the easy
chairs when the
butler opened the
door.
The Mortans have
a regular story
book butler. on«
who assumes all
the dignity that thi
family put asid<
when they . leavt
town. The comical
expression of dis
may on his "coun
tenance amused
Rivers.
"Girls home?" he
asked.' '
"No, sir." said the
butler, "they have
gone' into town. A
sister of Mr. Mor
ton is going to New
York and the entire
f ami 1 y has go me
over to the city and
will dine at one ot
the hotels."
, "And there is no
one at home?"
asked Rivers.
"No One, sir."
"When : does tlu
next train go?"
"Not until 3:45,
sir."
•Rivers whi s tl cd.
The butler hurrieo
oh • to ." say, "I know
that they will be
very sorry .that you
have found them all
away. And I must
ask you if\you will
not consent to stay here for luncheon.
We will arrange it for you. Mr. Morton
would not allow anything else. I am
KIITF" -
He was lonely..
N Rivers laughed. "I certainly shall stay
to luncheon,", he announced. "And let
son of rosy ' complexion can become?
bleached . inside of two months by re
maining for that length: of time in a
room into which the sun' does not -pen
etrate.* .•'.•'••' '\u25a0-< : ' \u25a0.-.:\u25a0:)-.•\u25a0'-•\u25a0
A PANAMA.
"Ma, what is a Panama man called?"
"A Panaman, Johnny.**
"Then what is a Panama woman?'"^
"If she's, married and obeys Preslde"ht
Roosevelt she's just a plain Panama.'—
Portland Oregohian.
me t*l» you that lam hungry. I've saved
t thls country "appetite since yesterday
'noon." . • - * " . .
' When the butler had departed. Rivers
lolled back in mirthful enjoyment of the
situation. For the time being he was
monarch. of all that he surveyed. And
\u25a0here he was trespassing on the property
of another, the recipient of hospitality a
little out of the ordinary. He found. the
pleasure of his. own reflections more de
lightful than the novels and magazines'
on the table before him.
"Luncheon is served." announced the
butler, as if a score of people were await
ing his summons. Rivers took the place
at the head of . the table. As he peopled
in his fancy the three Morton «irls seat
ed around the table, he decided that he
was. lonely. There \ was Elizabeth, gray
eyed, and black-haired, the, artist of the
family; there was Marcia. the .laughter
.loving. : a jolly good ' fellow : and there
\u25a0was demure Polly, of the-flnffy organdies
and coquettish glances. The butler won
dered why. Rivers, the loquacious, had
\u25a0 grown so silent. - • :
"Will you bring me a pencil, some pa
per and an envelope?" the young man
asked him a», he, poured out a glass ot
wine. "And lam going In on the 3:40.
'When Rivers had gone the butler stared
quizzically at the envelope that was In
scribed "To the Girls." He d elivered U
to the Morton girls that evening, and as
he left thfe veranda; he heard, the shrieks
of laughter with which they read It. But
when, they finished they/ were aa (puz
zled as was he. for this Is what Rivers
had written: - <- "
"THE MAKING OF A BENEDICT.
"Preamble. CThe writer Is a bathelor
of 34, who. it is said, has refrained from
, matrimony heretofore because of his fear
that it has been his money and not him
self that waa being sought. One hour
ol reverie has converted him from the
cynicism of his previous opinion.)
"In the hotels, in the clubs, In the res
taurants. It has been my lot to eat
alone. I have never seemed tos miss
companionship at those times dr in
those places. But here it is different-
Something is lacking here— a face, a
voice to make the setting complete. It
must be the domestic atmosphere.
"Whose face, whose voice should it
.c° Whom would I rather see across
Jrom'me twice a day every day of the
/ear, year In and year out? I shall con
ure up pictures of every girl I have
ifked — there have been several of them.
What a collection it is !
"No, I shall not name them. That
r.-ould satisfy your curiosity, and, be
sides, I can keep a secret. Each and
every one of them has been sitting In j
the chair opposite since I wrote that
ast sentence. And I have decided that
one of them is going to sit across from
ne like that through all the years.
Hang it; it's the only kind of a life for j
.i chap. Those tales of the single life]
must have all originated with some fel- j
low who had been turned down proper- :
ly. Served him right. If he was such a
grouch. '
"Not another year shall be gone be
fore I shall enjoy the dreams In real
ity. My Lady of the Dream, I drink
to you !"
"Well!" said Elizabeth.
"Well!" said Marcia.
"Well!" said Polly.
"Who is she?" asked Elizabeth.
"Wonder if we know her?" soliloquized
Marcia.
"Perhaps It's a proposal," suggested
Polly.
"But for whom?" asked all three.
None can answer. Will Rivers? Or
can you?
LIFE.
(With Acknowledgments to George M. Cohan.)
As squalling infants we start out In life
And have the measles and the croup,.
We learn to whittle with a little knife
Or play with, dolls or roll the hoop;
We play with tiny pistols, harmless toys.
And eat green apples by the peck,
And that is why ao . many little boys
Are doomed to. get it in the neck, -
For life's a funny proposition, after all.
We hike to school and learn a lot, no
doubt.
If we will study hard enough;
And by and by our teachers turn us out
To face the world so hard and rough.
And then we find how little that we
, '\u25a0 know,
How .small the part we have to play.
For we are not the whole thing in the
show, '
But just a greenhorn and a Jay,
For life's 4a4 a funny proposition, after all.
And after while we fall In love, of course,
\u25a0And think the one we love divine;
We marry,. then we ask for a divorce.
For that now seems. to be in line;
Our dream of love is shattered and we
sigh '
And mope around a year . or two,
And maybe wed ..another by and, by,
The way a lot of others do.
For life's a funny proposition, after all.
Old age comes on and we are bent and
gray.
We totter sadly to the grave,
And we are not so bright and blithe and
gay : ,
Nor yet so keen or quick or brave;
We have no teeth with which to chew the
rag..
Our legs are bent with rheumatiz;
We .have no breath with which to blow or
brag,
We talk of was and not of Is,
And life's a funny proposition, after all.
¥&'';" -Chicago Chronicle.
THE TOUGH STEAK.
Richard Harding Davis, when he was
a reporter in Philadelphia, delighted to
disguise himself as a "tough" young
nian and to mingle with the odd char
acters of the Ninth street district of the
Quaker city. w '
"'" ' Mr. Davis got to know this district
with, peculiar Intimacy., Its prize fight
ers he knew especially well. Not sel
dom, in the gathering of some odd news
item, he would accompany a third-rate
pugilist to , his cheap* boarding-house
and dine with him on the most unpala
table fare. .
"I used to know one fighter," said Mr.
Davis recently, "who was a character,
wit, a man of- no mean Intellect.
| "Ono day I \ dined . with him at his
boarding-house, a- typical boarding
house — one. of those where the*land
lady sits at . the head of the table arid
serves the .dishes to the submissive
pensioners ranged in two lines below
her. '
. "My friend got a piece of steak that
was'full^of gristle. 'Finding the steak
intolerably tough, he began to amuse
us , all .. with burlesque attempts at carv
ing 'it. ;' He turned : back his cuffs and
carved. " Then he took" off his coat. Then
he held: his knife like a chisel and pre
tended to hammer. the handle with a bis
cuit.
-' "The .landlady, up to this moment,
had been too busy, serving ; to notice
the. pugilist's antics. Now she spoke
J "/Is, there anything the matter with
your, steak?' she said in a stern voice.
5 "The pugilist smiled politely and-an
swered:
".'lt is a .trifle" overtrained, perhaps,
madam; but really I^ never saw a harder
muscle.'."—^San Antonio Express.
Something : New- in Candy.
_Milk~v Chocolate;. .Creams— r another
original candy creation at Haas" Candy
Stores, Phelan bailding and James
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp
General and Mrs. Frederick Funston en
tertained a few ruests at dinner last
evening at their home in the Presidio.
Yellow was the prevailing shade used
in table decoration, flowers and candel
abra being used with tasteful effect.
General axd Mrs. Funaton entertained
Captain and Mrs. Perkins of the Pensa
cola. Colonel R. K. Evans of Vancouver
Barracks, Major Paxton. U. S. A., and
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Culien.
•• • •
Captain and Mrs. Perkins, who were
guests last evening at a dinner given by
General and Mrs. Frederick Funstcn.
will to-day entertain aboard the captain's
ship Ihe Pensacola.
The affair, an elaborate luncheon, is in
honor of the officers of the Umbria. in
harbor.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Ursula Stone and
Lieutenant r-iniel c. Shean will take
place in me Philippines in the early fall.
Mrs. Charles B. Stone sailing from this
port with her daughter the last of Sep
tember.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Horatio F. Stoll have
taken a Mat at 2414 Van Ness avenue nea.-
Green street. - •
i Mr. and Mrs. Stoll have recently re
turned from Yosemlte, where they spent
a fortnight.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Denis O" Sullivan arrived
in Boston Tuesday evening from London,
and a very cordial reception awaited
them from many friends of the well
known . singer.
Mr., and Mrs. O'Sulllvan left last eve
ning for San Francisco, where a warm
welcome also will greet them, for, asido
from the favor socially bestowed, th©
musical public is anxiously awaiting Mr.
O'Sullivan's appearance. ,
•• . •
Lieutenant . Joseph L. Tophazn. Thir
teenth Infantry, eoes East to-day. H«
will take r>art in the division rifle and
pistol competition to be held la Chicago in
August.
• • •
Miss Mitchell of lola, Kansas, Is visit
ing her brother. Lieutenant Burton J.
Mitchell.
Lieutenant Mitchell is still at Monterey
in the home of Captain ana Mrs. Brldg
man, where he is convalescing from the
Injuries recently received while driving
with General Funston, their army vehi
cle colliding with a trolley car.
• • •
Mrs. George Riddell Is entertalnlnsr her
sister. Mrs. Orlando Bird Bldwell of Nor
folk, Virginia. '
Mrs. Bldwell was well known as Miss
Leslie Tilden In San Francisco, and
many old friends are welcoming her re
turn.
• • •
Edward M. Greenway leaves this week
for an outins at Lake Tahoe.
' • • • • ' ! ;w7v
Among the recent visitors at Hotel
Rowardennan are William Greer Har
rison and Samuel I>. Mayer.
•- • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. Campbell Shorb spent
the last week at Hotel Vendome.
E. W. Runyon i a visitor at the same
resort.
• » •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fickert have re
turned from their outing In Central Cali
fornia and are the suests of Mrs. Fick
ert's parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Herbert
Wallace, on Gough street.
• • •
Judge and Mrs. Thomas J. Lennon of
San Rafael are away on their summer
A'acatlon.
JUST SMILES
A BAD BREAK.
He— Have you bathed this sea
son?
Sir! r"""S;-*> '
He— Aw, er; have you been !a
bathing?
AXD TAKES HIS NAME.
Howell— That girl has made a
big name for herself.
Powell— How is that?
Howell— She has married the
Russian she has been after so long.
A HAPPY HOME.
r Papa— What were; you and your
sister Quarreling about? •
"; Bobby — We wasn't quarreling; we
was playing that we were married.SEASON TO OPEN
WITH KENDALL
"Weatlier-Beaten Benson" to
Be First of Attractions
the Columbia Has Booked
CAST EXCELLENT ONE
Comedian Comes With Play,
Success of Which Is As
sured by Its Past Record
An important theatrical event of the
present month will be the reopening for
the regular season of the Columbia Thea
ter next Monday night. The management
has arranged for the appearance of some
of the most attractive bookings organ
ized for the season and theatergoers will
have plenty of opportunity to enjoy fine
performances.
The opening attraction on Monday
right is one of unusual popularity, as
the well-known comedian, Ezra Kendall,
is to make his appearance and will bring
out for the first time In San Francisco
his latest success, "Weather-Beaten
Benson." a play staged all last season by
the comedian with unqualified satisfac
tion. In the ca*t besides Kendall will
\u25a0will be John D. Garrick, Philip Bishop,
Thurlow Bergen. Harold Russell, Kath
ryr.e Browne, Ethel Brandon. Edith
Taliafero. Polly Stockwell, Elizabeth
King and Reda O'Neill.
The advance sale of seats for the Ken
dall engagement opens this morning.
MISSING OFFICER
RETURNS T0 4 POST
Lieutenant Loop May Be
Called Before Court-
Martial.
\u25a0 Lieutenant Chester Henning Loop, U. S.
A., who mysteriously disappeared from
view, and from the army ranks at the
same time, has turned up.
He left Alcatraz Island, where he is
stationed, on Saturday, July 15, on one
day's leave. The one day's leave, how
ever, he stretched into nearly a week's
leave. In the interim, he was looked
after high and low, but could not be
found. He, howevtr # has now turned up
at Alcatraz, and is endeavoring to ex
plain to Major A. R. Paxton, the com
mander of that post, why he exceeded the
leave eranied him. If he escapes court
martial he will be in great luck.
Major Paxton Is indulgent to young offi
cers who have just entered the service,
but be is a strict disciplinarian at the
iimf time. Lieutenant Loop entered the
army April U, 10)5, from, civilian life. He
was appointed to the Fourth Infantry at
that time, and on June 21 he was trans
ferred to the Thirteenth Infantry. Loop
comes from Tennessee. The Thirteenth
Jr.fantry is scheduled to saij for .Manila
Ociober 5 of this year. Loop's trans
gressions may, however, keep him from
tailing with his regiment.
Lieutenant Burton J. Mitchell, aid to
General Fur.ston, returned from Monterey
yesterday and is at the General Hospital
fat i he Preiidio. It will be some time be
fore he recovers from the shaklng'up he
gcrt 'when hir- Jumped (rota the Govern
ment' fiougherty which was run into by
the electric car and in which he was rid
ing.
Captain and .airs. E. P. Jervey Jr. have
returned from Monterey, where they
have been witnessing the small arms
competition of the Pacific Division.
Captain Hudson T. Patten will leave on
Saturday for Fort Monroe. Va. He goes
there as a student officer of the Artillery
Corps.
Leave of absence for one month, to taker
effect about August 10. 1905, Is granted
Captain William M. Fassett, commissary,
Thirteenth Infantry. Fort McDowell,
California.
Lieutenant L» A. McClure, Fifteenth In
fantry, registered at headquarters yes
terday. He is staying at «.he Palace.
COMMITS CRIME WHILE
HE IS OUT ON BONDS
Edward Vi tzpa t rick, With One Charge
Pending Is Rearrested for
Burglary.
Edward Fitzpatrick, who has a
charge of burglary hanging over his
head in Judge Cook's court and who
was out on ball, was rearrested last
night by Detectives Braig and Taylor
for robbing the safe in the coal yard
of A. Devoto & Co., at 2407 California
street, on June 24. The prisoner will be
charged with the second crime this
morning.
Mrs. Devoto conducts a lodging-house
Immediately above the office of the coal
yard. On the morning the burglary
was committed she called her husband
to eject an intoxicated tenant and De
voto responded, leaving the two outer
doors of the safe open. It Is alleged
that Fitzpatrick then entered the of
fice and with a hammer broke open the
money box in the safe, taking about
$146. When Devoto returned he dis
covered the theft and made a report of
It. The burglary for which Fitzpat
rick Is now being held in Judge Cook's
court was committed on Fell street last
October.
POLICE MAKE ANOTHER RAID
ON INFAMOUS ETELDEN PLACE
Vanload of Inmates of Disorderly
Houses Are Taken to the Hall
V*_' . of Justice.
Acting under the instructions of Po
lice Captain Duke of the Central Eta
tion. Sergeant Phil Fraher, twelve pa
trolmen and six plain clothes police
men raided the houses in Belden place
and bagged a vanload of women in
mates. The raid is a continuance of an
organized programme to bring about
the closing of the infamous dives.
The police van at the Central sta
tion made one trip from the thorough
fare to the Hall of Justice and many
of the women were brought In sepa
rately by the patrolmen by way . of
Montgomery street. On their arrival at
the Hall of Justice they were booked
and placed in cells in the City Prison,
but were bailed out within a few min
utes of their arrival.
GRAPE-XUTS.
Active
Brains
Must have proper FOOD
or nervrus prostration
surely follows. Us?
6rape=Nuts
There's a Reason.
POPULAR CHARACTER ACTOR
WHO COMES TO THE COLUM
BIA THEATER NEXT WEEK.
PERSONAL.
Mayor R. F. Johnson of Monterey is at
the Palace.
Walter Hill, a merchant of Prescott. is
staying at the Lick.
G. H. Hester, a business man of Vir
gina City, Nev.. is at the Grand.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Russ
was V. A. Tapscott, a Red Bluff mer
chant.
R. R. Spencer, vice president of the
National Bank of Commerce of Seattle,
is at the Palace.
W. F. Snyder of Salt Lake City and his
brother. Grant Snyder of Kennet, well
known miring men, are at the Palace.
Clarence McCormick, a prominent
young banker and mining man of Salt
Lake, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
' J. F. O'Brien, proprietor and editor of
the Goldfleld News, is spending a few
days in this city and is registered at the
Palace.
Officer E. E. Lloyd left for the East
last night to visit his mother in West
Virginia, whom he has not seen for
eighteen years.
Among the prominent people of Los
Angeles at the St. Francis are the fol
lowing: J. H. Mendoza, H. P. Usher,
Robert M. Allen and wife, A. W. Elling
ton and Mr. and Mrs. F. A. McAllister.
Callfornlaus In »vr York.
NEW YORK, July 26. — The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — N. Bauer, at the
Savoy; A. Feldenheimer, at the Welling
ton; 1L Getz and 1 wife, at the Nether
land; W. S. Logue, at the Grand Hotel;
P.» C. Mills, at the Hotel Albert; M. S.
Simons, at the Herald Square; A. B. Cor
bett, at the Rossmore; E. Rudman, at
the Hotel Imperial; A. L. Beltelsen, at
the Broadway Central; W. C. Clayton,
at the Hotel Vendome; N. E. Harris, at
the Hotel Cadillac; C. H. Madison, at the
Hotel Wolcott; T. C. Nielsen, at the
Broadway Central; G. R. Tremblay, at
the Wolcott; L. Zockewltz, at the Hotel
Astor.
From Santa Rosa — Mrs. M. Elliott, at
the Astor.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. Solano, at
the Buckingham; A. A. Sturges, at the
Broadway Central; W. Lieknow, at the
Churchill; T. R. Wheeler, at the St.
Denis. i
CALIFORNIA PEOPLE AT
EASTERN SUMMER RESORTS
Tourists From This City and Los An*
geles Are Testing the Atlantic
Climate.
BOSTON, July 26. — Among the Golden
State people just arrived at the leading
Eastern summer resorts are:
Manchester-by-the-Sea, Mass.— S. F.
Walter, San Francisco.
Poland Springs, Maine — C. Holbrook,
Mrs. D. Holbrook. Hare.
Summit House, Mount Washington,
New Hampshire — Mr. and Mrs. Mackey,
Los Angeles.
Conimicut, R. I. — Mrs. George Mc-
Lellan, Los Angeles.
San Franciscan In Paris.
PARIS, July 26.— W. K. Parks of San
Francisco registered at the Herald of
fice to-day.
RECIPROCITY WITH^ CANADA
WILL BE FULLY DISCUSSED
Chamber of Commerce Committee In
rites Representatives of Business
Lines to Express Views.
An Important meeting of a commit
tee of the trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce will be held this afternoon;
at which representatives of the lumber,
fish, grain and coal interests of Cali
fornia will be present to express their
opinions regarding a proposed reci
procity treaty with Canada. The com
mittee of the chamber consists of W.
R. Wheeler, George D. Gray and
Thomas Rickard. The proceedings will
be open to all who wish to be heard.
Invitations i have been sent out by Sec
retary Burks of^ the chamber to lead-
Ing concerns In the lines mentioned to
send representatives to the meeting to
give their views.
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. "
Ask for, Protection.
At a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners held at' the Hall of Justice last
evening the charges made by the man
ager of the Bulletin that policemen
failed to do their duty during the news
boys' strike were laid over and will be
made the subject of a special investiga
tion.
Attorney Arthur Mack, representing
the Newsboys' Union, told the Commis
sioners that he had information , that a
number of hired thugs would be present
to break up a meeting of the newsboys
at the : Alhambra Theater to-nlghtand
requested that, his clients be afforded
proper police protection.' Chief Dinah
was ordered to detail a squad of police
sufficiently large to preserve order _ at
the meeting.
"Pink Ere" Becoming Epidemic.
V Thomas Finn, president of the. Fire
Commission, stated , yesterday that
"pink eye" is becoming epidemic among
horses in this city. .Forty- animals; in
the Fire Department are afflicted with
the disease and Finn fears ; it. will
6pread.\ Llver^ stable owners are Tcom
plalnlng"that, their horses *, are con
tracting.the disease, which causes their
leg's and heads to swelL
THE SAN r FRANGISCO GALL, THURSDAY^ JUI;Y- 27, 1905.
PRISON CELL
FORESTALLS
THE ALTAR
E. J. Quillinan, Solicitor and
Erstwhile Actor, Arrested
on a Charge of Larceny
Committed in Los Angeles
MAY CAUSE WEDDING
TO BE POSTPONED
Pawn Ticket f or Sweetheart's
Watch and a Very Loving
Note From Bride-to-Be Are
Found on His Person
It was the habit of borrowing goods
from other* and then | pawning them,
\u25a0pending the money thus raised for scor
geuuH raiment, with which to clothe his
athletic figure, that caused the arrest of
Kdivuni J. <tuil!liiiiD, erstwhile actor
and sometime collector,, last night on a
warrant from Los Angeles charging him
with theft. ' Qullliiuiu left the southern
city some | time ago and came to San
Francisco to find • new friends from
nliiim be could conveniently borrow
anything on ' which he could raise
real money. Pretty Miss Va-
Hne Fisher fell victim to bU
charms and In the evident intensity of
genulue love she promised to marry
him. Promptly Q,uilllnan borrowed her
gold -match, her very proudest posses
sion. Without losing any time Quilll
nan took the golden' timepiece to a
pawnbroker and realized S5 50 on it.
With this money in his' pocket he was
about to enter the home of his fiancee,
at 34&9 Jackson street, when he was ar
rested by Detectives Braig and Taylor.
They took him to the Hall of Justice and
it was there that his newly found sweet
heart discovered him. Great was her
surprise when she was told that her
watch was among the long list of pawned 1
articles disposed of by her imprisoned
lover. She was Indignant and it follows
that the wedding scheduled to take place
August 16 may not be celebrated. In the
coat pocket of Quillinan was. the follow
ing letter, which Miss Fisher admits hav
ing written:
'1 My Darling: If you have won your. wager
then you are asleep because It .is exactly 9
o'clock. Are you dreaming of me? Ah, my
husband, I know that you love me as I love
you. I am so cross sometimes. For Instance,
to-day. Never at you, though. I keep the
little notes you wrote in my own private box.
They are from you; from you, love. Here
at my desk I sit and . dream, dream of you,
of our meeting, of our pleasures together, of
our love, of your kisses, of mine, of every
thing touching upon our lives since first we
met. of our life together after the 16th of
August. Up hill and down. Cares, sorrows,
Joys. Ah. love, will you ever wish we did
not meet? I hope not, trust not. \u25a0 Love
drives away all petty things. The great, love
surges in my heart and my heart beats
faster as I dream here alene of the one man
of my love, asleep, perhaps, under San Fran
cisco skies. My poor darling tired for my
sake. But love, I will repay you, with kisses
and love. The tired head In my arms. My
lips on yours. Ah, love. • dear love. My
husband. I, am your wife and always I shall
remember while the light lives and in the
darkness I shall not forget. Good night, love.
YOUR WIFE.
S "When the detectives received word to
arrest Quillinan they learned that he
was employed as a solicitor in this city.
Upon making inquiry they ascertained
that he had not been at the office where
he was supposed to work for two . days
and they planned to arrest him at the
home of • his fiancee. Just as he was
about, to ring the door bell he was de
tained and taken to prison. Miss Fisher
was anxious to learn all about the charge
and asked permission to visit the prisoner
to-day.' Quillinan, who gives . his resi
dence as 647 Fell street, says he; has been
an actor for about ten years. He claims
to have played : leading parts with Flor
ence Stone at the Grand Opera House in
this city and asserts that he played an
engagement at the Burbank Theater in
Los Angeles about one year ago, .He dis
claims all knowledge of the charge made
against him In 1 Los Angeles and says that
he has not been in that city since he
closed at the Burbank. He immediately
sent word to his cousin,' Attorney James
,B. Feehan, whose offices are in the Par
rott building. . '
Many Yachts Compete.
PUT-IN-BAY. Ohio, July 26.— The
course of the International yacht race
to-day was two miles northeast by
west and return. There were thirty en
tries. The boats ; got. away with all
canvas spread and lee rails awash. On
the run home the wind freshened and
the winners were as follows: .
40- foot class Sultana.: of Detroit; 30-foot
class, Echota of Cleveland; 23-foot class, Elsie
of Toledo; 21-foot class, St. Clalr, of Detroit:
20-foot" class Mermaid -of \u25a0' Detroit; 18-foot
class Wrinkle of Toledo; 16-foot class, Shake
of Detroit. >. v ;
Traffic Agents Plan Outing.
The members of District No. 2 of the
Pacific Coast Association of Traffic
Agents and their lady ; friends : will
epend next Saturday and Sunday Vat
Mount Tamalpais, .leaving San Fran
cisco at 1:45 p. m. Saturday and return
ing to San Francisco at 5 p. m. Sun
day. The officers have arranged for. a
dance to take place Saturday night, to
be followed by a banauef The offi
cers of the district are:.: E. E. Wade,
chairman; W. R. Alberger, vice chair
man; CJeorge G. '\u25a0\u25a0;'. Farser, secretary
treasurer; W. H. Davenport, George
W. Hallock. Carlton C. Crane, F. W.
Prince, E. S. Harrison, E. M.Pomeroy
and C. D. Taylor, board of control. ' [
SAN JOSE, July 26.— The body of Ivon Den
nis, the young Stanford student who was
drowned recently In ; the Colorado - River, near
the Needles,, arrived In this ' city this even
lnp, and will be burled here.- - The deceased
was the son of - Mr. ; and Mrs. ,J. M. Dennis
of .this city.- Toune Dennis had just com
pleted his first year as a student jat Stanford
University. \u25a0 .- : : /„ - -
\u25a0 *'--.. .. \u0084: ;'\u25a0\u25a0 v^-;^-: .^i
Many of your neighbors : . have * used
Mellin's Food for their children. Ask
them what they think of t it ; : ; look -'at
their., children and see the .: result Vpf
using a proper ; food. ;•. Mellin's ' Food
will T give f- the ; same good fresults if
you will use it withyyour baby. '
Send • for : a sample, we will \u25a0 send ; it
free of charge. *
M tDtaVFMI li, tfct i> »l T \u25a0 lafkata*
Feed, which received tb* Grand Priu,
the hUbe.t.wara of the Uviiiaaa Pmr-
ckMt Em««itlon, St. Uois, 1904. UUV-
•t*™****,™** 1-^1 -^ : --:\u25a0"\u25a0
*f£LLIN*S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
RETURNS MONEY
HE HAD STOLEN
Alec Wates, thfy Absconding
Ticket Agent, Makes Good
His Foolish Peculations
ATONES FOE HIS PAST
Old Friends Keceiye Good
News -From Man They
Had So Long \u25a0 Kespected
A pleasant bit of news was' furnished
the railroad "traffic men along the \ street:
yesterday in the announcement' that Alec
Waters, the former clty.;ticket agent of
the Pacific Coast Steamship .Company,
who absconded -four years ago after a'
reckless night career^ln'- the tenderloin,
had settled in full his shortage with,. the
steamship company, and: had' properly
atoned for a number of breaches of trust
among the railroad men, who had re
garded him as a friend. . .
Waters' sudden, disappearance from
this city was a great surprise " to his
many friends, who had welcomed him
as an associate and worthy of every
confidence that one man could repose
in another. The fact that he had stolen
his employer's money, and then, on the
eve of his flight, borrowed money from
his most Intimate friends upon {misrep
resentations, for a time caused the
erring young fellow" to be bitterly con?
demned, but later, when it was learned
that he had gone to a secluded place
in the East and was trying to , repay
the money he had misappropriated and
live down the past, the sympathy of his
former associates in this city, where he
was extremely popular, was extended
to him. ''-.-:\u25a0
That this sympathy was not misplaced
is now evidenced in Waters' act of reim
bursing those who suffered by his pecu
lations- It is not the practice of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company to. revive
the past failings of its employees who
have gone wrong, but In Waters' case
it was deemed just to him that his latest
act should be made public in order that
It should redound to his credit. Waterß
is now in New York, enjoying lucrative
employment In a big instltijton, where he
has been quietly struggling for several
months to save the necessary money with
which to erase from memory the sad
termination of what four years ' ago ap
peared to be a most promising career for
one of the brightest young traffic men in
this city. • '.. \u25a0
THREE GOOD STAKES ARE
OX UNION'S "PROGRAMME
Class Reserve, Special and Reserve
Events Attract a Large Entry ;
List of Fleet Coursers.
The c6ursing at Union Park on Sat
urday will consist of three stakes — the
reserve with forty-eight entries, the
class reserve with sixteen entries and
the special with eight ' entries. All
three stakes contain a number of likely
dogs and the sport promises to; be
worth going miles to see. Coursing
will begin promptly upon the arrival of
the 9 o'clock special electric car from
this city and will be concluded by 6
o'clock. Following is the result of
last night's draw:
Special stake, eight . entries — La: Rosa vs.
Gambit; Flower Girl" vs. Me.:. Zlgnego; The
Referee vs. Hudson;- Panoche vs. Barge. .
Class • reeerve stake. • sixteen' ""entries— Mi
Amlgo 'vs. Gold. Chain; Muggsy vs • L L C:
Barney Rey vs. Mavis Clalr; : Red Pepper vs.
Carlow Boy; Fiery Rock vs..Amandan; Bon
Ami vs. Aeolus; Renegade Apache vs.-North
ern Flyer; False Alarm vs. Tralee's Best." . '
Reserve stake,- forty-eight entries — Matchless
Beauty vs. Ennis- Pagllacci vs. Rock Roller;
Forest Fire vs. Tralee Girl; Rustic Rocker vs.
Peerless Polly; Jack Short vs.' \u25a0 Terra .- Cot ta;
Blue Craig vs. Angus Clssus; The Old -Peach
ye. Fiery Cross; Our Motto vs. \u25a0 La -Garcia;
The Roman vs. < Bartagls; Wild Gus-.vs. Ro
wena Belle; . Domestic Lad vs. Milk Maid;
Frisco Lad vs. .The Flight; Golden Idol vs.
Jim Lamb; Texas Mamie vs. 'Fetterless; In
truder vs. Mount Rose; Sunnybrook. vs. Miss
Domestic* Luxury vs;. Crawford Belle; Glaucus
vs. Race King; Blaze; vs. War King; Trinity
Girl vs. Black Tralee;- Four Paw vs. Hidden
Hatred: Texas Jill vs. Ina Clssus; Whoa Bill
vs ,Cleon- Maid of the Glen ye. Sweet .Vir
ginia. \u25a0•• • , '-:.-> -
No policy of Burglary Insurance pro
tects you against the venerable opera
tor, "Procrastination." If you take his
advice about when to advertise that
house for rent you must "pocket your
loss." .
SORROW COMES TO FITZGERALD FAM
ILY. — Oakland, July 26.— Robert Crellln Fitz
gerald, the infant eon of Robert M. ! Fitz
gerald, former president of the Board of State
Prison Directors, died to-day at the Fitzgerald
home, 548 Albion street, aged 5 months. Death
was caused by acute stomach trouble. : ,
THE WHOLESOME
Baking Powder
Ig|p M .^^' %3 \M *
/^f MJT W MT^ XL mmT^ 4m\T^\
A\t\ I V/VIJiJA
U^* AND RETURN Yl
mm Round-trip tickets on sale on certain dates via \u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0I theXhicago, Union Pacific and North-Western IB
\u25a0I line from oan. Francisco. Los Angeles and other II
\u25a0I Galifornia points. Two fast trains daily, includ- II
U ing the famous electric-Kghted Overland Limited, Mm
MM solid through train, less than three days to .ll
wL Chicago, over the only double-track railway .mm.
lJLfrom the Missouri River to Chicago. MM
t^J^ CHOICE OF^ROUTES GOING AND RETURNING. -MM-
y^k^ WITH LIBERA L STOP OVER PRIVILEGES. MM
Th» »•*# of EVtrytMng. MM
Free information, booklets, maps, time schedules, sleeping ear ,'MZmW—^m*.
_ reser*atlons, tickets, etc., on application. jm^mMfH^m^^
'Jmmßfry^ft "• «• iwrcHie, e«n*i Aot Pwite costt. c. 4 «.-w. *i;MZMuHLj)mr
"^ '' "'"' * 17 *•*?* •BUf" fttoe* Hrtel,
\u25a0. . .\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0,-"''\u25a0''\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 #• \u25a0
Wear for Girls Boys' Clothing
and Infants for School Opening
(Second Floor) • • (Second Floor)
Dress— -Made of percale; French -style, y/ith a long Youths' Suits — 30 different pattern; coats come sin-
;blbuset effect waist; trimmed with three rows of gle or^ double breasted styles. They are all this
white tape; full sleeve and standing collar; all season's productions and are manufactured by the
•small polka dots; sizes "from 3 to s'\u25a0 F'fi l? best tailors in the country. Every /£ »JP J4IT
years. 7 Regular price 75c. Special...... <j\JCt s " il is marked to Sfdl-for $10.00. Spe- £ | # *y J
Dress-— Made of .fine gingham; Buster Brown style; Two-Piece and Regular Norfolk Suits, — For ages
the ; waist. is, full blouse front with -gather- "T - from 7to 16 years. These suits are (T T li JT
ed skirt, full sleeve and deep cuff; sizes f.^L made of fine quality all pure wool.
Bto 12 -year's. ,\ Regularly ?i^S- v Special , Always sold at $5.0 a Sale price.... *r*" 9
Sun Bonnet— Made of white percale, has a wide Sailor Suits^ln 40 different patterns. Usually sold at
head piece jand small curtain back; trimmed ; all" $5.00. and some as. high as $7.50. As we only have
•around with a narrow ruffle. All sizes. >% «f - . sizes' from 3to 6 years of age left, /f >9 F| IT-
Colors white and pink. /Regular price, /-Ir , w e; will reduce these suits to the i«/
25c. 5pecia1. . . . . . .................. ... . . . * :^V special price of r >
Veiling and Collar Embroidery and Hosiery and Knit
Sets Laces Wear
-OlaluFloorV L Swiss Cainbric^nd'Tffidnsook Em- (Mate Aisle)
;Chiffon Veiling— lB inches wide, in broidery— 3 to-ia inches wide Hose— Made of Sea Island cotton;
'•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"'•\u25a0\u25a0 --j- \u25a0• ••*«\u25a0 r t~.~ »« with insertion to r match Ito 2# m *A\« m w «.;«yht Thpv arr full
•: a very good quality. Colors are j nches wide - Regular medium weight. They are ful
black, white and cream; also 25c yard. Sale price, yard «f O- finished and have double heel
Tuxedo in a; large variety of pat- • \u25a0*^^ and toe. Color is guaranteed
terns arid colors. All worth reg- Point de : Paris Wash Laces— ln fast black- B^j to 10. ifjf
ularly 2«; c to isc' a yard. A f\+ rose, tulip, drawn work, duchess Worth 15c. Sale price:. \u25a0* Vt
_ 1 • a I l/C and ( fancy embroidered Valen-
aale price, yard. ........... ciennes patterns. Widths from Vests — They are Swiss ribbed cot-
Collar and Cuff Sets— Made of 2 to 4 inches with insertion to too, low neck, sleeveless, and are
1:., ~;~.w, i0,.,U ™a i^^» n ,f match from iJ4 to 2 inches trimmed around neck and arm-
linen, pique, lawn and lace pat- W ide. Suitable for trimmings, lin- holes xvith a wide mercerized
terns. Reduced from 25c and gerie, tea- gowns; kimonas, etc. crocheted lace. Color white
50c to the sale price of 4O- value-up, to 15c. Sale price, C^, Worth 35c. Sale "fQ/*
each .... . .... m ROSt yard .....'; I *^t price I• C
Writing Paper v \j Sewing Machines
Lalne Papeterle— Put up in \u25a0 LM \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 TM. , at a very small price. They
neat box and contains 2o linen Jm^kW' \u25bc C^^ have ball bearings, prettily
envelopes and a tablet con- fB y^ . finished wood and an auto-
taining 50 sheets of fine linen 1\u25a0 % Al>\saCV»s RELIABLE matic lift and drop cover. A
paper .to match. Regularly VM / r^Mrrmm^-* »\irf>4t mmwm llfe guarantee piven with
sold at 35cSale price *|r- M' AfAJfKET*Z&CfOAf£S S/S ever ? macht "c. Cf OCA
'-, ' while quantity lasts.. £jC W r MfM^Wa\MtM,^-^f\njMm%^sgJS9 Special price. .. jKj Q
BIG ENTRY LIST OP DOGS
FOR RACES AT INGLESIDB
One Hnndreil and Thirty-Six Hound*
Are Carded to Compete in Four
Separate Stakes.
Next Saturday and Sund_ay will be
i?ala days at Inelesldo Coursing Park.
Four stakes are on the card.- compris
ing the open event with sixty-four en
tries, the class race with - twenty-four
entries, the reserve stake with thirty
two entries and the champion contest
with sixteen entries. The management
promises "the best sport In the history
of the park. Coursing will commence
at 11 o'clock on Saturday morning and
at JO o'clock on Sunday. The entire
open stake will be run down. on Satur
day. Following is the result of last
night's draw:
Open stake, sixty-four entries — Cavolette va.
Fomenoy; Alice Dunn vs. Vina; > Black Jack
vs. King V; Alcatraz vs. Limerick Boy; Gal
lant Friend vs. Master Garrison; Golden Wand
vs. Hermit; Davy Crockett vs. Vallejo Star;
The Mist vs. Salinas Girl; Red Cross Nurse
vs. Odd Eyes;, Icellus vs. Wedgewood; Run
away Actress vs. Judge; FenM vs. Young Mol
lle R; Beacon Water vs. Fire Maid; Lady
Leeds vs. Black Lady; Potrero Grande vs.
Cassle -W-, Pure Pearl vs. . Lampre Eel; Bril
liancy vs. Peerless Pattl; John L. Sullivan
vs. Gloomy 'Gus; Eva G -vs." Russian River;
Annie Gill vs. Siren; • Jlmmie Lyons vs.
Queen's • Beauty: \u25a0 Irma Hotfoot • vs. Fiddler;
Our Darky vs. Union's Prtde; Siroc vs. Lady
Kelp; Bright Pearl vs. Fannie Hughle; Reck*
less Rose vs.. Mies Emily; Commercial Trav
eler vs. Hot Shot; Lady Honesty vs. Golden
Rose: My Surprise vs. Tom Fltz; Sunny Shore
vs. The Sheriff; Royal Friend vs. Lupin; Mary
Palton vb. Little Claude. .
Reserve stake, thlrty-tw o entries— Blue Eyes
vs. Real Pasha; RJchochet vs. Galveston;
Little Dainty vs. Butte City; Dear Gaston vs.
Pursuer; Wild Belle vs. Sir Wlnton; lone Hill
vs Loretta; Falrmount Lass vs.- Maid *of
Dyne; Helen Hayes vs. Real Duchess: Frank
Dunn vs. Aurella; Pony Capital vs Imperious;
Annie Ryan vs. Lulu Girl; Bright Columbia
vs. Tar Baby; Young; Tommle R vs. Oulda;
Young Johnnie Rex vs. Doc Burns; Doretta
vs. j R; Crazy ! Jane vs. Colored .Lady.
Class stake, twenty-four entries — Protnethlus
vs The Rival; Shot Gun -vs. Little Plungrer:
Choo Choo vsi Edenvale; Black Coon vs. Fair
FlylnK*. Intlme vs. D R; Locd Brazen v«. Sil
ver Heels: Miss Brummel vs. Daisy Rocket:
Ante iTralee vs. Young Fearless: Belle. Free
vs Capital Lady; Cubanola vs. May Tunison:
Belle Marie vs. Pasha Pleasant;' Sea Lion vs.
Princess Savoy.
Champion stake, sixteen entries — Lancashire
Lad vs - Reckless Acrobat;- Free Port vs. Agile
Spurt; Sampler vs. Pocatelli; Fox Hunter ts.
Pomona; Conroy vs. Valley Pride; Tlllle R
v« Rocked Asleep: Richard Anton va. lodine;
Tom King vs. Friendless \ Boy.
FELL. TWO STORIES.— E. Kosta of 216
Sixth street fell two stories with the elevator
at ,838 ! Eighth street . yesterday. '-., He was
treated .- at the Central Emergency" Hospital.
The alevator was out of order. .
A VAUDEVILLE FESTIVAL !
Mr. S. Miller Kent and Compann Wil-
ton Brother*; - Messenger Boys" Trio;
La Belle Estellitu, and Orpheam Mo-
tion Pictures.
" - x 1 . .- LAST TIMES OF
BERTIE FOWLER;
De Koe Trloi Talbot and Rosen and
Henriette De Serrls'
Bronze and Marble Statuary.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c and 50c.
GRAND : SlHi
GLICKMAJTS
Yiddish Players
To-Night and To-Morrow Higbt
" JEWISH \ VICE \ KING "
(Better than 'TCOL NIDREY.")
Saturday and Simday Mats.. "Jewish Priest"
.. SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT^ OF
...BERTHA TANZMAN...
Saturdai Night, "Sulainltli 1 ' :
SDDday High?, "Joseph In- Egip: f r^;
Coming- DENIS O'SULLIVAN
Only Matinee Saturday at 2 O'clock.
SECOND WEEK.
Per'ormanci Be^s aU u'Glock Sharp
De Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera.
ROB ROY
GREAT SUCCESS OP
KATE CONDON
ANNA LICHTER.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM.
„\u25a0 i TEDDY WEBB,
FRANK R. HAVES
AN-D BARRON BERTHALD.
PRODUCTION STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN
First Time at Popular Prtcea — 23c.- 80c. 73a
IT -n A rj '* TV Be>«»«o * Mayer.
ALLAZAK E Pro D prtt pV o^
\u25a0 ;;. . . - ' . General Manager.
i TO-NIGHT' - 3
A REAL DRAMATIC SENSATIOX.
Colgate. Baker's Japanese Romance.
™ Heart of a Geisha
JULIET CROSBY AS KOHAMMA SAN.
."If you have a chord of sympathy It will
thrill or you are not human." — News Letter.
Evgi., 25c to 75c; Mats. Bat. & 6un., 23c to 50c.
NEXT, MONDAY— The FavortU Actor.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Hackett's FORTUNES OF THE KING.
HARRY MESTAYER IV GHOSTS
At the Calif nrata SntnrdnT Next.
SEATS SELLING TO-DAY.
CENTRAL^ife
Market Street, Near Eighth. ..Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT-i-ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
t ". Reappearance of the Favorite Actor.
; HERSCHEL MAYALL
In Joseph Arthur's Great Rural Comedy Drama
BLUE JEANS
A Tale of Sweetness That Will Never be For-
\u25a0 -^-. .._-\u25a0...'.:'. '\u25a0•Otten.-.- \u0084....--- .:;. -.\u25a0
Elaborate Scenic Investiture and the Greatest
Buixsaw Effect Ever Seen on Any Stage. \u25a0"•
Special Engagement of the Winsome Ingenue.
\u25a0. AGNES RANKEN. •to - Play \u25a0 the * Poor- •
:-.\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 / house, Girl. JUNE. .
PRICES— Eve.. 10c to 50c.; Mats..' 10c. 15c. 23c
NEXT— THE CATTLE KINO.
Every Afternoon and Eventna: In the
Theater. .
ragPpv Last Wtek of , . .-:. -^
Bothwell Browne' s Japanese Musical • E? t rava-
\u25a0 -\u25a0 ..\u25a0,.= :\u25a0\u25a0"- : gania.'.. ••*\u25a0\u25a0'.: : '-:•:«.-.
PRINCESS VF AN TAN
A-BIG^SHOWiBY- UTTLB PEOPLE!
.:> ;--\u25a0,, • TO-NIGHTI
Gala Amateur Performance
I Conclndinsr With a Handicap Glove
| l - ,v \u25a0 .-.-;: \u25a0• •- .Contest. , - ' . '"* • .:
ADMISSION....:. .IOc | CHILDREN. .;.:...Sc
' See CHIQUITA, "The-Llvlng Doll." ANNIE
I • REDUSfi," the ; Plump • Lady. : and the : BA-
;. >BIES:;ln the INFANT INCUBATORS. \
Weekly Cal
ONE DOLLAB PER YEAR.
aas^^^^^^^^^^s^mtmm^smß
: . AMUSEMENTS. 0
COLUMBIA SS^S
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY |
Different f* TH M' The c omediaa
From All I" /X U VY ° U AU
the Rest LajLllil Know
KENDALL
In i His Newest Creation.
"Weatlier Beaten Benson"!
'With an Ideal Llebler & Co. Cast.
* SEATS NOW READY.
Prices— 25c to gl 50. • '
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS. ,'
BASEBALL, j
TAGOMA is. S AH FRANCISCO
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3-^0 p. a.
SATURDAY 3 p. m,
SUNDAY 2:30 p. a.
MISCELLANEOUS. t.
\ me- (
Developinrf ;
eN on- Curling Films
My fllma are th« best you can get and
my prices are the lowest to b« found any--
where. Here are a few figures: •
2fcx2«. 15c: 2Ux3U. 20c: S%x4i;. 25c; !
3Hx3%. 30c; 3^x4V;. 33c; 4x5. ox 4. t
3V*xsft. 45c.
Try a «ainDle of CYKO Developing
Paper. - 5 styles. Sample dozen, any size
up to 4x5. 15c. sent prepaid. Her* ar« .
some prices for printing: 2*4x3%* 4cr
2Hxt*i, 3Hx3^ and 3Hx4H. sc; 4x3 and!
3Uxsi£. 6c: sxl, 10c; 10 per cent discount:
on orders of more than 6 prints from each.
negative of not less than six negatives. \u25a0
Full line of photo supplies.
Order* by mall promptly filled. Postage
extra on films or printing order*.
That Man JPitts
F. W. PITTS. th« Stationer.
1008 Market St., opposite Fifth,
San Francisco.
1< n n . 'Jt-
\u25a0 ' ...» A MM Mm * . \u25a0 .
Los Angeles Times
Saa> Francisco Offle*
la located la
ROOM 19. CHRONICLE BUILD INQ
ARTHUR L. PISH. Representative.
If you would do effective advertlalnf
In the. Southwest, drop a Una to th»
above address or telephone Mala 1473
; and. our representative will b« pleaaed
to call oa you wltb full Information a*
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMEa with 3s-p&*«
I magazine. $2.50. a year by malL
; . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 .': - : \u25a0 ' - --''- ,jr
THE
PALACE
J4OTEL'
Compi»s—a Air cleaning plaat
Room : telephone*
Steam ' beat " and oo«b Mtm
Perfect ventilation '
Pip* organ and orchestra
Perfect service '• -
Unexc«ll»d eoUln*
E-rery luxury attainable
f DB.PIERCE« $
GOLDEN
- . MEDICAL. _ .IS
DISCOVERY I
- TORTHE tX
BLOOP.LIVER.LUNGS, '\u25a0
- '^
w^ Tj^
P '.^patents!
910
KING STRIVING
TO SAVE CROWN
teorge II of Tonga Would
Persuade Edward of Engr
land to Keep Hands Off
VESSEL'S SLOW TRIP
Schooner William Olsen Ar
rives From the South Seas
After a Tedious Passage
~ The schooner William Olsen, which ar
rived yesterday from the Friendly Isl
inde, made a long passage home, light
.Kinds having prevailed throughout the
run. She was sixty-five days coming
trom Nukuloffa. She brought 460 tons
it copra. .
The king of Tonga, chief of the Friend
ly Islands, is at present in New Zealand
trying to save his throne, says Captain
Rovrik, from the machinations of a few
British politicians who are engaged in
business on the Friendly islands. King
George II Is probably the largest mon
arch in the world. He is 32 years old.
stands more than 6 feet high and
weighs over SOO pounds.
The Friendly Islands are under the pro
tection of Great Britain and the English
residents want the British Government to
take full charge. At their request King
Edward's high commissioner of the South
Seas visited Nukuloffa and tried to per
suade King George to accept a pension
and allow Kins: Edward to do the rul
ing. Georjre refused. The high commis
sioner then virtually deposed the king
and banished the prime minister and sec
retary of state. British Vice "Consul
Hamilton Hunter was placed in charge
of the government.
. George has been a peaceful monarch
and has neither army nor navy with
which to keep King Edward's grasp off
his . poor little kingdom. So he packed
his Saratoga and dress suit case, placed
his crown in the safety deposit vault,
and with his constitution in his pocket
took steamer for New Zealand, where he
hopes to find friends to plead his cause
at the court of his less bulky but fairer
complexioned and more powerful brother
monarch.
% George II has found the king busi
ness little but trial and tribulation.
Shortly after he ascended the throne the
keeper of the royal treasury skipped out
with most of the movable assets of the
kingdom. VThat would have been bad
enough, but the defaulter took with him ;
the royal navy, which was found later |
wrecked on a nearby coral reef.
Captain Rovrtk of the William Olsen
found a peculiar state of affairs. Ameri
can canned goods and other products of:
the United States are in big demand, but j
the merchants are doing all in their j
power to discourage trade - with this
country. Great Britain exercises super
vision over the islands and the British j
traders have every possible advantage, j
but it is the German traders who ara j
doing most business and making most
money. The land is fruitful, the climate
perfect and the trade worth going after.
"But if Americans do not go after it,'
said Captain Rovrik. "it will never
come to them as long as the men now in
real control have anything to say.' -
Tornado Will Go Pearl Flahlngf.
The «chcx>ner Tornado, ence the Baranoff.
later the Rover, sometime trader and once-ln
a^while pleasure yacht. Is being fitted out at
Howard-street bulkhead for the pearl fishing
trade. She will sail Sunday for La Paz in
the Gulf of California, which hereafter will be
her home port. She was built for the Alaska
Commercial Cciaapny. who named her Bara
noft and used her in northern waters in con
nection with some concessions from the Rus-
Bian Government. When these concessions
were withdrawn the BarancS was sold to Cap
tain Tithian of Santa Barbara, who used her
at i a yacht and on board her made several
cmiees" to the South Seas. The Baranoß was
famous as a fleet caller and once winged her
way from Santa Barbara to Tahiti in fifteen
dare. Commodore Gutte bought the Baranoff
fend renamed her Rover. Under that name she
made several trips to Mexico, but lived, on the
whdle. a life of comparative leisure. The
Compania Pcrllfera of La Paz now owns the
schooner. The name has been chanced to
Tornado, the better to harmonize with Cyclone.
another schooner of the Mexican company's
fleet. The Tornado has been fitted with a new
mainmast and her internal arrangements have
been completely changed to suit the trade in
which *he is to engage. She will sail on Sun
day and it is more than likely that she will
leave port in company with the General Ban
ning, a schooner in the Tornado's class. As
far as Maratlan the schooners travel the same
road and - the caotaln of each is determined
that his boat will be first around Cape San
Luces. Captain Green will command the
Tornado.
Chancri Color With tbe Foe
In response to freauent requests from the
pilots of th« ferry steamers the Harbor Com
missioners a few days ago painted white the
end of the shed on Mission-street wharf. At
sight and in thick weather it Is sometimes
a little difficult for the ferryboat pilot com
ing from the Oakland eide to get his bearings
and. locate the slip assigned to his boat. The
big white patch on the end of the wharf was
Juet what they wanted and it was with feel
ings of gratitude that the pilots watched the
painters at work. For a few days the paint
retained its original whiteness. Tbe first heavy
fog. howe t ci . clianged the color to a neutral
tint, which was net visible as far as the
former * red paint had been. When the sun
comes out the whiteness returns, but in foggy
weather, when the whiteness Is wanted, there
Is no whiteness there. It will not bother the
pilots long, however, as already the white
coat Is peeling off and in a few days the red
paint underneath will all be visible again.
Germanlcua to Replace . Tricolor.
The Grerman steamship Germanicus, which
arrived here June 23 from Singapore and since
has been waiting in Idleness for something to
turn up. has been chartered . by \u25a0 the Western
Fuel Company to take the place of the
etraxided Norwegian collier Tricolor. - The Ger
manicus Is a vessel of 2575 tons register and
can carry 6500 tons of coal. She sailed yester
day for i Ladynnlth.
Will Be Here Auruit 3.
"The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's lit
•tl« , white liner Curacao. Captain. R. J. Paul
\u25a0en. Is on her way back from Guaymas. She
was late leaving here and found so much
buelnete on the Gulf of California that it was
impoMibls to catch up with her schedule. She
will not «rrlve here until the afternoon of
August 8.
Tbe Overdue Mst.
jThe vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for- • reinsurance as follows: Honolulu- and
Chlpperkyle. ©0 per cent: Marathon. 20 per
cent; Lafayette. 60 per cent; Red Rock, 10
per cent, and Port Stanley. 8 per cent.
Wnter Front Notes.
..The revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch arrived
yeateraay at Eureka.
w The 'oil barge Santiago arrived .yesterday
from » Monterey In tow, of . tbe Epreckels \u25a0 tug
Dauntless with 9278 barrels of oil on board
The Santiago was towed to Napa Junction.
Where she will discharge her cargo.
\u25a0 Th« liner Coptic will commence loading
cargo to-day at the Pacific Mall wharf.
The Barracouta was released from quaran
tine yesterday and ls__docked at the Pacific
Mall wharf. • • , -
• ~"Tbe : schooner " Sacramento, which left here
eleven days ago for Siuslaw. returned to port
yesterday oa account ct the condition of her
foremast, which is said to be partly rotten.
ITEWS OP THE OCEAX.
Pr* of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
schooner " Wn. " H. , Smith, (on Puget
rmiinu^ Is chartered for poles thence to
Mexico. &miammaKo*BmmWM
Shipment. of Refined. Oil.
Ths • British • . task eteamer '\u25a0 ' Dakotah was
cleared yoeterday for Shanghai with 32. 656 bar
rels of refined oil m bulk, valued at fXi. 114.
Exports for Honolulu.
Tbe bark Mohican tailed yesterday for Hono-
lulu with an assorted cargo valued at $26,150.
and the following: 163 bbls flour.
4OU ctls barley. 7 ctls wneat, 241 ctls corn.
2168 bales hay. ' 22.407. 1bs middlings. 3371 gals
wine. 10 cs baking ponder, 27 pkgs paste.
£60 gals vinegar. 20O»«s canned goods. 55.000
It. lumber. 204 bdls 'paper. 3 pkgs acid, 52
bdls doors. CO cs matches, 130 cs gasoline, \u25a0 M
bbls lubricating oil, 10 cs benzine. 8125 gals
distillate, 30,000 bricks. 12 cc boots and shoes,
30 oars. 3eO cs dynamite. 200 kegs 175 c»
blasting powder. 20 cs blasting caps. 6 bales
hose. 340 bxs soap, 26# pcs pipe. 56 pkge
machinery. 42 pkgs tewing machines, 11.000
lbs starch, 23 bdls brooms, 120 colls rope.
37 pkgs nails. 206 pkgs painte, 2 pkgs wagon
material ...
Movements ot Steamers.
\u25a0 TO ARRIVE. "
Steamer. From. I D" c -
Arlzonan N. T. via San Diego... [July 27
Tneben Seattle • • •jJ u . l > r '1
laqua. San Pedro IY«'J U K 2!
M. F. Plant... Cooe Bay & Pt. Orford.lJu y li-
Pt. Arena Mendocino & Pt. Arena July -U_
Porno Point Arena & Alblon|July -«
Santa Rosa. . , San Diego & Way Ports, July j|<
Phoenix - Crescent City .....|July-f
Chehalib oari Pedro ) July. 28
Chas. Xeibon. Stattle &. Taccma... ./ . July 18
Xorth Fork. . . Humboldt -- - -J" \Y '£
Enterpriee.... Hilo •• J , uy £ > .
Columbia . Portland & Astoria [July 2S
F.Lcggett Portland & Astoria .».. I July 2S
Del Norte Crescent City ;Ju|>' -\u25a0>
Coronado San Pedro ..>\u25a0 .July
Valencia Seattle via Portland [July -J
Corona Humboldt " Ju ! y H?
Elizabeth Coquille River. July </O
Eureka........ fiumboldt ........... ..July 30
Cobs Bay San Pedro & Way PortSjJuly 30
Queen Pupet Sound Ports. ... [July 30
breakwater. . . Coos Bay j Ju.y 30
StaFoam Mtndocino & Pt. Arena i July 30
Arctic Humboldt | July 30
Homer San Pedro July 61
Northland Portland & Astoria July dl
Mariposa Tahiti ....: ....(July 31
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Ports July 31
R. Dollar Seattle -July 31
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... July dl
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor July 31
Baroda. C. Iquique ••• Aug. 1
Amman . . Hamburg "\u25a0 & Way Ports Aug. , 1
P0m0na...... Humboldt |Aug. 1
S.Monica Grays Harbor I Aug. 1
Argo Eel River Ports I Aug. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports ....|Aug. .2
Roanoke Portland & Way Ports Au?. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.. . Aug. 2
St. Paul Portland & Astoria. .. Aug. 2
Bonita.... Newport & Way Ports. | Aug. 3'
Siberia China & Japan ...(Aug. 4
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. ...| Aug. 4
Cascade Portland & Astoria Auk. 4
Sa.n Juan . . . New York via Ancon . . Aug. 7
Nevada n . . . . . Honolulu and Kahulu.. Aug. 7
TO SAIL. ,\u25a0 \u25a0 -'"
Steamer i" Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
1 ;
July. 27. !
Cascade Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pm|Pler 2
1aqua...... Humboldt 10 am|Pier «2
Eureka Humboldt 10 ami Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am! Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & Bellingm 2 pm; Pier 10
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm \u25a0.Pier... 2
July 28. H \u25a0 . V
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland! 5 pm|Pier 2
Chchalls Grays Harbor.:. .. .1 3'pmjHk-r 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ .11:30 pfPier 9
F. KHburn. Portland & Way: . 2 .pnifPler 27
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 2 pmiPierlO
F. Leggett . . Los Angeles Ports 4 , pm | Pier \u25a0 2
"July '£0i '"" I
J. Higglns. Lcs Angeles -Ports. 11 amlPier .2
Argo Eel River Ports... 3 pm Pier 2
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .... 2 pm|Pler lo
Porno. Pt Arena & Albion) 0 pm]Pler 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay. . J 4 pm Pier —
Pt. Arena... Point Arena [ 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita San Pedro .&' Way. 8 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Pugct Sound Ports. 11 anvPler-9
Theben Hamburg & Way.|l2 m Pier 10
Alameda H0n01u1u....... 111 am Pier 7
Acapulco... N Y. via Ancon..; 12 m Piir 4'J
. . July 3U. }
Santa Rosa". San Diego & Way.| 3 am Pier 11
July 31. ;I • j\u25a0 ~
Corona Humboldt il:30 pJPier ; 0
N. Fork Humboldt .........(.9 amlPier 20
Columbia... Astoria &.Portland.lll.am;Pier 21
AIIEUKt 1. II
Breakwater. 1 Coos Bay ........ 5 pm Pier 8
Elizabeth...! Coquille -River. *. ... 5 pm Pier. 20
Chas. NeUor' Seattle & Tacoma. .....'. Pier , 2
•\u25a0 August 2. | \u25a0•".."
Sea Foam. .' Point Arena . : 4pm Pier . 2
Arctic....- • Humboldt ....:.... .9 am Pier 2
Coo* Bay San Pedro & Way: tt amlPler 11
Coptic.....- China & Japan. l .. . lpm| Pier 40
Roanoke;... Los Angeles : Ports/ 7 pm.Picr 5
Vanguard.. Humboldt'.:.'...... 5 pmiPler 27
. - " Ansust \u25a0 3. ' | I
Sequoia. .'. \u25a0 - Willapa Harbor. . v.ll*2 miP'.er. 20
Queen...... Puget^Strond . Portslll amlPier 9
Nebraskan.. Hono. ' & ; Kahulul .-. i 3 pmP.tr 23
,: Auffufit ,4. = ' . \u25a0
R. Dollar. .. Seattle ............ ...... . .".'. ...
Northland.. Astoria &. Portland ft am Pier, 27
, ' \u25a0""' Aujcust " 5. * I
City" Panam N ."VTrrvia ' Ancon :* 12 'mjPifr 40
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 5 pmiPler.27
St. Paul....' Aftbrla & Porttand.ill am!Pler 2i
..\u25a0 . . • -Aiigunt'c. ],:\u25a0 |v
Mariposa... Tahiti- ..../.;.... fllam|Pier 7
-.•.:>. .FROM- SEATTLE.
Steamer.; •' jIF :: ' Destination. -- I Sails.
Cottage City., gkagway &. Way Ports. July, 2o
Santa Clara... Valdez & Seward ..... July 30
Jefferson . | Skagwayi &:Way:Ports. July 30
Humboldt. .. . I Skagway &\ Way Ports; July 31
Excelsior...:. Reward:& Way Ports. . I Aug. - 1
0hi0.......... Nome & St. Michael. ... Aug. ; 1
Farallon Pkagway & Way .Ports. Aug.'> 2
D01phin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
City Seattle.. . Skagway &. Way Ports. Aug. 4
Portland. Cooks \u25a0 Inlet \u25a0 & Way Pts Aug. 10
Senator. . . . . : . Nome I & '-\u25a0 St.* Michael. . Aug. 10
Time Rail.
Branch , Hydrographlc Office. US.- N., Mer
chants' Exchange, : San Francisco, Cal.,
Wednesday. July 26. 1905.
The Time . Ball :• on - the tower *of - the : Ferry
building was dropped exactly- at noon, to-day —
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th .meridian, or at .B
p.m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. ; N:. In • charge.-.
Sun, , Moon nnd Tide.
United. States Coast , and ; Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, . entrance " to San Francisco
\u25a0 Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. <
NOTE — The " \u25a0 high * and • low waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about. 25
minutes later, than. at; Fort Point;* the height
of : tide is : the . same ; at ; bath \u25a0 places. :
THURSDAY.' JULY.; 27.
Sun rises . . .".'. * ....;........:......:... ."r. 5 :09
Sun- sets . . ....... . . ......... .;..'.. ...7:23
Moon rises 'XZ'. :.'...'......... V.'. ':'.'.'. 1 :08 ' a.', m.-
O r ITlmel iTlm'el iTlmel Time v"
er j 1 Ft. Ft . Ft. Ft.
? |L W| -- |H W| v -\u25a0[LvWf -.':\u25a0 HW
27 4 1:53! 0.91 0:00' 8.71-1 :14| 2.8 ,7:30 /18.5
28 I 2:381 : 0.41 9:511 .' 3.9] 2:09 2.S 8:14 .;6.6
29 3:221—0.110:38 4.2 3:00 2.8 ,8:57 5.8
30' 4:02-^43.4 11:18 *4.5 3UB '2.8 9:42 "5.9
31 4 :43!-^-O.g 11 :r.U 4.7 4:34 ;2.«,10:29 ;;0.0
NOTE— In- the above exposition! of Jtheltides
the ' early : morning . tides • are' erl ven • In : the 1 left
hand * column and > the '\u25a0 successive . tides ; of s the
day : in the order of occurrence as to time;', the
fourth '.time ; column gives I the < last { tide \ of. the
day, except. I . wjicn.yicre;are,butithree- tides'," as
sometimes •. occurs. The heights given >- are ' in
THE^SAN 'FRANCIS^
-SCHOONER TORNADO. WHICH. IS .
BEING FITTED OUT FOR THE
PEARL FISHING TRADE. ,
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <—)
sign .precedes the height, and then the number
gt ven \u25a0is subtracted from \ the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower \u25a0 low waters. "•\u25a0.,.." .
SHIPPING 1 - IXTELLIGENCB.
ARRIVED.'
' \u25a0 .. .:. Wednesday, July 26. : v
Stm r Pomona. Swanson, IS hours from Eu
reka, i- - : . t-\u25a0 ~ - *\u25a0- "": J f ' •\u25a0-
Strcr National: City. Hamrpar.-16 hours from
Cleno«, bound for San -Pedro, called in to land
paFpengers and lumber. , •
Stmr F. A- Kllburnj -Thompson. 3 days from
Portland. - via Ccoa Bay., via Eureka 18 hours.
Stmr Nome City, 'Haneen; 94 hours from.Ta
coma, via Seattle -90 hours. - ; • : ' '/\u25a0\u25a0:"
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom. 24 hours from Eu
reka. - •\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0, :\u25a0: \u25a0 .«r
Stmr Greenwood,, Walvig, 20 hours from
Shelter Cove.- :'\u25a0'•\u25a0;"'\u25a0"• ' V. ,. V
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. \u25a0\u25a0.-- • • \u25a0' ". : ' \u25a0
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettm«r», 16- hours from
Hardy Creek, ud river. ' '\u25a0 -"'
Stmr Norwood. Martin. »6 hours from Se
attle, bound south. pu,t In to land passengers.
. Schr Ccxiuelle, Spring, 4% days from Co
quille River. -.••'•• \u25a0\u0084 \u25a0---"• \u25a0-\u25a0!.
Schr John A.v O!«en," 3 days from Eureka. *
Schr Mary E. . Foster, Johnson, . 28 days f rona
. Sciir Transit, Kllntbom, 36 i days from Hllo.
Schr William Olsen. i Rovrik, 67 days from
Friendly Islands.- " . \u25a0 ' " ' •
Schr Andy Mahoney. Nygren, 8 days from
Mukllteo. ; •;> ; > \u25a0 - . • • \u25a0.:•-- r ?C
•Schr Charles E. Falke,- Henningsen, 6. days
from Grays Harbor. \u25a0'. -"•\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0 '•"
Schr Ruby. " Korts, 4 days from Coquille
River. - ' . •
Schr F. S. Redfleld. Smith, 6 days from
Everett.
Schr Sequoia, Hutman, 4 days from Astoria.
Schr Wins and' Wing.' Gruggel, -24 hours
from Fish Rook. - .
Tug Dauntless. Shea," 10 Vj hoiirs '\u25a0 from Mon-_
terey, with barge Santiago : In to w. . -• - '
Barge Santiaeo. Larsen.*.-10%' hours from
Monterey, Napa Junction direct. : '.
CLEARED.
: Wednesday. July 26.
Br stmr -Dakotab,- Ross, Shanghai: Pacific
Coast -Oil Co. ' ' \u25a0
Bark Mohican, Kelly., Honolulu; Welch & Co.
>. sailed.;:
"..Wednesday, 'July .; 26. . •'
Ger stmr Germanicus. Berndt, Lady smith,
b.-c: - - . .•\u25a0\u25a0• " : \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ; -"\u25a0;.;-'.\u25a0
Stmr Maggie. .Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr St. Paul, Randall. Astoria. ;
Stmr ' National City.-; Hammar." San Pedro.
Stmr ' Grace Dollar." Olsen, Eureka.' •
Stmr • Maggie, . Cornim. i Halfmoon i Bay.
Stmr- Newsboy, ; Johnson;, Westp^rt.
Stmr Brunswick.- Ellef6en. \Fort Bragg.
Stmr Areyll. Monroe, ' Port Harford. *
Stttir Chlco,- Norberg,.-Uni6n- Landing.
• Stmr Point. Arena," Hansen, Mendocino". .
T Stmr Cella.-Hansen,' Albion. . '\u25a0'.'-"
Stmr Norwood.- Martin.. San ;Pedro.
SUnr. Aberdeen, .Kelly.; Grays Harbor. . 1
S£mr W€«tr*rt.-Anf!ndß9n, :' Westport; .
Stmr-Georce 'Loomis. Seddon. Astoria. \u25a0
- StniT ; 'Sea"Fc«rTr,-- Miller, *\u25a0 Point : Arena \u25a0 and
Albion. " . .. -
Stmr Arctic.^ Nelson.'. Eureka. . •
Bark "Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Schr ' Mary ;'C. Campbell,, liodesa.
• Schr,- Alumna. ' Genberg. Grays Harbor.. .'.%',
Schr Omega,. Nyman, Coos; Bay.. \u25a0. ., ' y
RETURNED JULY w 2o.'
Schr Sacramento. Lareen.- hence. July: 12 for
Siuslaw, on account of. discovering on Jun« 22
in'lat 39 N, long 120 W; that foremast head
was weak: nut back ; for reDairs. . •
SPOKEN.
July S— ln lat 14 N, : . long r, 2o ~,,W. <Br : ship
Celtic Monarch, from Swansea.- for. San. Fran
.cisco. •\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0'.'.'\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0" ' v .\u25a0•''\u25a0-'"\u25a0: '\u25a0•\u25a0".\u25a0 ; ;, '\u25a0•\u25a0.-." \u25a0
! Per : schr. Mary \u25a0 E. '•' Fester ' (no • day. • position,':
etc.)— Hark •. R.':P. • nithet,- from' Honolulu, • for
San Francisco.' - ~- . ,'• \u25a0 '• \u25a0' , • \u25a0
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS/ July 26. ; 10 p. m— Weather
cloudy;: wind NW; : velocity.: 12 miles per ' hour.'
DOMESTIC ; PORTS.
PORT, HARFORD— Arrived 'July- 25— Bktn
Fullerton. -from Honolulu.".- \u25a0; • ; .• \u25a0 . ,
Arrived July 25— Stmr Bonita. from San Pe
dro;rtus; Sea :Kcv«r, --hence - July 24, with
barge Santa Paul*, hi" tow: -•\u25a0- ..» ' \u25a0 N ; VT'-"V T'-" "\u25a0 >'
Sillied July- 25— Tug -Sea> Rover." with barge
Santa Paula in* tow, f or ; San > Francisco.' 1 July
2CA2 a m— Stmr: Bonita, tor San Francisco; &,'•
TATOOSH— Passed July , 2C— Stmr Olympic,
hence July 23, for BelllnEham:-;.;; Vi \u0084 ,
"Passed -in July ;2C— Stmr City of.' Puebla.
hence "Julr 24; --.-•\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0•• \u25a0\u25a0 • --• -.-.•
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 2S — Schr Advent,
for Grays ' Harbor. '-,>\u25a0 . . - — \u25a0 - .--.
'Arrived July 2t— Stmr. Samoa,. hence July 24..
Sailed: July, 20^-Stmrs' laqua,\ Coronado, ;Sco^'
tla and US stmr Madronai", for. San • Francisco;*
schr Caroline, ".\u25a0 for Umpquaf4 schr i Muriel,' 1 ; for.
Willera ; Harborf •:'\u25a0 , *.' -. - >
- . FOl\T ' BRAGG— Arrived \u25a0 •.- July V 26— Stmr
James'S. Hlsclne, i hence 'Ju1y. 23. -i , f h
- vUMPQUA— Arrived July "24-^S;mr San Ga
briel, from San -Pedro. .'. ••- \u25a0 . •.
-SEATTLE— SaiIed :July^ 25— Stmr Victoria,"
for 'Nome.'" '\u25a0"-'. '- : ' \u25a0 :-=^'-.r*".v- " '•'' '\u25a0 ; --.'-?- -.. t
- Sailed July 20-^Stmr Charles Nelson, 1 for. San
Francisco.*-"' ••-.' '.. " • \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0;-'-'•\u25a0/"\u25a0 ' -\u25a0:"-..
EVERETT— Arrived July 26^-Schr Polaris,
from SonsPefiro. ; ' •'\u25a0* ".-.', ; \u25a0"-'..'•• '-\u25a0\u25a0;...'• .\u25a0 •
EUREKA— SaiIed July - 26— Schr .-; '» Ottilie
Fjord, ijfor'-ToDolobamDO." \u25a0 . „*-. • "; . "
'Arrived July 2tt— Stmr Corona,'. hence July 25/!
• ; Arrived , July '.O— U • S «tmr Hugh ; McCuUoch, i
hence. Jul;- ; 20. \u25a0 • : v v. >/ ••':\u25a0?. -v.r;*-'.'" '\u25a0•\u25a0' ?,'\u25a0'*\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ASTORIA — Sailed :.'; July ,-j 26— Stmrs /Valencia
and Czarina, for > San Francisco. \u25a0•-\u25a0*\u25a0*••..- \u25a0\u25a0. ..- • :,-.r
. Sailed "July; 26-^-Stmr. Columbia,^ for > San
Francisco. \u25a0'.'-" .-\u25a0 "- -I; ',;' :; . ."'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•=• > •""\u25a0\u25a0.?• " \u25a0•' .'\u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0 ,
- 'Arrived July 20^-Stmr Aurelia, \u25a0 hence July 23.
> SOUTH : BEND-^-Arrived r July 26^-Stmr * Se-;
quota; ; hence f Julyj22rcßNV l C&^P4Hnoß> | 4
-COOS BAY— Arrived July ; 26— Stmr AlU
ance.Tfrom-Kureka". :.-;•'.*- .?,: r \u25a0' . \u25a0:' \u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0:
\u25a0 ' Sailed July 26 — Stmr r Alliance, i for ; Portland.
; Arrived - July^ 2tt— Stmr , Roanoke, \u25a0- hence July.
24."' via Eureka. ": 'i-;: -*"\u25a0:-";. 'V: \ f ,"\u25a0-'>\u25a0 : --.:,_i- -
"\u25a0 Sailed July 2«i — Stmr * Roanoke, , for : Portland/
: -PORTj GAMßLE— Sailed! July ' 26— Schr Spo-
Uane,* 1 for San -Francisco. :>" \u25a0\u25a0-.'; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0. \u25a0-•\u25a0••.*.\u25a0
•PORTATOWNSEND— Arrived July 26— Bktn
BenlciarifromSEleele; .:-,-; , ; ;. :' . \u25a0 •.- \u25a0.•-.;.
• ' Sailed July 20— Schr \u25a0 Spokane, for San 1 Fran
cisco ; techr * W;; f.V Jewett,^ t or^ San : Pedro ; ; ship
Reuce;--- for 'Sydney; Br/ship Sprlngburn, for
'Llverpooir:^---- \u25a0 ;. V-iv;-<:..- "i...-^;---: >'>:.;:
CAPE J MENDOCINO— Passed July, 26— Stmr
Francis ;H;v Leggett, \u25a0 from --'Astoria. I for '\u25a0 San !
Francisco,", with log raft in \ tow.- (Weather fln«. )
SANTA k BARBARA— Arrived July : 26— Stmr
Homer, from' Eureka. .. - : ' ''Bff*^ltW?riffitanj|6M
'-''' Sailed !{ July ; 26-^-Stmr ; Santa v Roea.V for . Ban
: Francisco ;v'<- ; .-.-; .;-\u25a0 : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.> y .. „"\u25a0\u25a0-• •\u25a0...'_:.\u25a0 ••\u25a0 ..-_ \u25a0\u25a0 ; . ; \u25a0•
•« PORT^s LOS tr ANGELES^-Salled * July", 26—
Stmr '• Chehalls, a for ; Ban t Francisco. ., •• \u25a0 : » >":
k July.: 26— Stmr Robert
Dollar.' 1 - for \u25a0 San > Francteco: ss^SM^gww-i^jaMBHBI
t . .WESTPORT— Arrived July - 26^Stmr \u25a0 Newe
, \u25a0•\u25a0 GRaVs.^ HARBOR— Arrived : July *26— Btmr
; Santa' Monica,*! hen«c July: 22.
Weather: Report.
(120th>. Meridian— Pacific' Time.) . "
£ : -i-Xy BA -' FRANCISCO; July; 26 —6 p: m.
.The following -maximum,' and I minimum tem
peratures are reported ;f or previous .day: I ; -
Cincinnati ......178-58 Philadelphia "..: ..80-66
Boston ... . .... . .SO-dO New-York .... i". .78-62
Jacksonville ... .'.90-76 Washington *; . . . .78-62
St. Louis : . . . .". . .80-6« Plttpburg . . . .'. . ."".74-eO
Chicago V. ....... 72-00 Honolulu, ; H.: T.". 82-70
New Orleans ....80-76 '\u25a0- ;— \u25a0
. SjVN FRANCISCO.... 6B-52 . .
THE COAST f RECORD;
! STATIONS. % •ISc-'gS -o,". && \u25a0 ..\u25a0 g
\u25a0 ' . •.'\u25a0"- ' "«• > S=3 3 I• "S \u25a0' z
... V . ':' .' r* r. r . ... .;. - O
*• ' C ' C. " \u25a0\u25a0 • ' •, * '. • \u25a0\u25a0 B
: \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0; .:-• •••; . a-'-S--- •: -\u25a0 :- : ; .-/\u25a0:-:
Baker ........29.78 86.-SS-NW Clear \u0084r.OO
Carson ......29.78-86 66 .W r .."Clear .00
Fresno .'.29.80 -98' 64 'NW -Clear .00
S E;Farallon.29.9B 56- 52' .NW. Cloudy -.00
Flagstaff .....28.82 ;82' 50 ,-NW CToudy .10
Independence 29.66: 100 "68 NE 'Clear .00
Lo? Angeles .29. 56 78 58" W Clear. .00
Mt'Tamalaplß.29.92 -71- 60- W"-- Clear . .00
North Head '.29.06 08' 64 S - Cloudy .00
Phoenix ..::. 23 «4 104 78 . W : Pt Cldy T
Pt. Reyes Lt.29.04 54 48 NW ' Foggj- ".00
Pocatallo ....29.72 -00 "68 ~SW Pt Cldy T
Portland .....29. 82.; 84 68 NW Clear \u25a0 .00
Red Bluff... .29.78 04 64 SW . Clear , .
Roseburg ... .29:80 »0 60.N Oear • .00
Sacramento V.29. 84/ 7« -52 S. , Clear.. .00,
gait Lake ...29.72 04 C 8 N Cteudy ' , T
San Francisco. 29. oB. 58 B2 W ' Cloudy .00
S.L. Oblspo .29.90 GB -. 50' W . Foggy: .00
San Diego ;.. .29.88 70 62 W , Cloudy .00
Seattle ......29.88 .74 50 NW Clear 1 :. 00
Spokane . . : ".". 29 . 76 *88" CO N Clear ' . 00
Tatoosh V.v.: .20.02 58 .56 SW • Cloudy •• r.OO
Wa11a iWa11a..29. 72 94 70- W Clear.- .00
W I nnemucca . 20 . 76 .94 .60v W \ . Clear .- . 00
Yuma . ; .-;: \u25a0'. .29.70 104 180 ~ SW . Clear; j;.CO
WEATHER ' CONDITIONS ' AND • GENERAL
gSilJg&llljEr f '.forecast.
\u25a0' Foggy weather ' prevails; along the coast and
generally."; cloudy -.weather.:, over \u25a0 .the : - Rocky
Mountain rerlon; elsewhere, on : the. Pacific
slope It 13 fair. .\u25a0 Light showers- are -reported
from*-- Idaho, \u25a0 Utah; -and. Arizona. • "Thunder-:
etenns . occurred.at Pocatello, Salt \u25a0" Lake : City,'
Flagstaff and.El Paso.' _•>-•':>* - \u25a0'.:-.
1 The - pressure \u25a0 changes have been slight in : all
districts:,: 1 \u25a0-.\u25a0.\u25a0"\u25a0?:\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0;\u25a0 -'-•.-.:., ' t,\ \u25a0 •'\u25a0? - • ,"-.-.
' The . temperature •\u25a0 has fallen ; ' in the \u25a0-. great
valley of California and remained " about -sta
tionary. In other districts. "\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 ,-\u25a0\u25a0•' •- ;.
" Forecast made at San Francisco" for thirty \u25a0
hours ending midnight July 27, v 1005: f : -,
• San .Francisco and ; vicinity— Foggy 'Thurs
day-morning,- becoming -fair-, during the day;
fresh we» t "> wind.' '-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0 • • ''\u25a0'\u25a0-'\u25a0;:\u25a0 ':-. - ;: ;
\u25a0 L6e" Angeles and .vicinity — Foggy ' Thursday
morning, becoming - fair during the "day; light
west w!nd. : . ' . '• .' ;.-':; .-': ";-•\u25a0'- ;. : . ! -.;\u25a0'.
•sSacranlento Valley— Fair " light
south wind. , \ ' -.;-.
,' 'San -Joaquin Valley— Fair Thursday; light
north wind. - . ' . ~ .
:\ Coast— Foggy Thursday morning,: becoming
fair -during the' day; fresh west wind.
-, Nevada— Fair Thursday. . ' \u25a0 ..
;'T'*: . ••:>\u25a0' ;G. HAWILLSON.
Local ' Forecaster. .Temporarily. In, Charge."
Fruit ' and Wheat. Bulletin.
• \u25a0 For the twenty-four^ hours /ending 5 p.. m.,
120 th meridian time, San [ Francisco. July 20:
\u25a0 • \u25a0 g ;' - ss%*"3 ' 2 '\u25a0"\u25a0 ' c \u25a0 <
STATIONS. »gi£ ffs° a 2
S3S 3 2 a? '. ?•" \u25a0 :\u25a0;.'
Cloverdale ....... 78 50 .: Clear
/.'olusa .: ..-. m~oS ..Clear " '"
Jre5ti0:... ........ OS <i 4 ... Clear -NW-'io
HanfDrd .........lot r>:» . Clear
Hvlllstfr-... '.- 73,. 52 .'.:-.. :Lt Fog* VSV l ;!
Icdeiiendfnce ICO t(S .. Clear :SE R
King City ....... SO, M .. cifar " N "
Uivermore ..:.... 7.{ s:> ; . clear
I>o.« Angeles . . . . 78 60 . .' clear . W io
Merced ...: 05 48 .. Clear ..
Napa ...;....... 72 5(5 •.. Clear ,"\u25a0, "\u25a0 SW -V.
Newcastle ....... 83 «2.v;- Clear; E
•Newman " ': .'. . ,v; . 101 :.' 51 . . " near
Palermo \u25a0\u25a0-. ......... 91 - r,<! . . '• Clear \u25a0 s'- " ! >
Pcrterville ...... 100 - c:j \u0084 . < clear W -
Red Bluff . . .... . \u25a0 f)4 , «_t ", :.:\u25a0\u25a0 CJear SW "*8
Riverside V........ 89 :00: 00 ; ; f Clear
Sacramento. ...... 7t3 52 '\u25a0.;-'" Clear ' -fi' ifi
San,' Diego ...... 70 62 :. cloudy.' W :%e: %e
. San :; Francisco :-:. 7 58 C 2' . . c Cloudy W j 8
San Luis Oblspo. 6S ;52; 52 . . », Clear W- 10
Stockton .'.'......' 82 58 :-..'- Clear?
-\u25a0 WEATHER fAND: CROP CONDITIONS •
-Colum;— Weather favorable Sfor' all -crops; !
, "anftrd— Peach: crop, good; grapes ripening
fa«;. grain [crop j good., "\u25a0. '-• •- - - \u25a0•\u25a0•ij "\u25a0:;-•• ;-. ;
. Holllster— Hay^ coming In .'fast ;> large crop;
poor-quality. ...;. v .-. : . \u0084 . " » .-,,'. v
-.;. Palermo— Very choice ' peaches being picked
and.sent»tOicannerl*s^^--J- '* %• : , .
iNapa— Pcsgy mornings ' still .continue. :•" Hay
rendy for the market ;seood r crop. V- .\u25a0 * -
5, -• Riverside— Peaches \u25a0 ripen Ina;:* crop, light' \
— Grain yield estimated 40 per' cent
beTow; normal. \u0084-_;/--,: f , , •\u25a0• U:j--
'-^Stockton—Peach'" shipments ? qulte so
heayi.lPast-ltew 'days.-. owing..to :the~ cool
wep.ther. ----- r. ... ' . . \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084 . :-\u25a0-..•-:
-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Cloyerdale — First.: crop •of 'grapes estimated
about -two-thlras'averap-e yield.- \u25a0' : :
georgk;.- ha.wil.lson.
, Assistant Section Director. '.-•\u25a0
•ABERDEEN— SaiIed July 26— Bktn Gardlnor
City, bktn : Amelia and bktn Encore. . for ' San
Francisco; schr King: Cyrus. I for -San; Pedro -
ISLAND 3 PORTS. r
-^HONOLULU— Arrived July s26-^Stmr Sierra!
hence' July.: 2o; \u25a0;.'-.,-«\u25a0;-..*/••/
.: MANILA— Sailed \u25a0 July 22— Stmr J. . L. Luck
enbach,'for Philadelphia! •:. •\u25a0\u25a0.•••\u25a0* -.
\u25a0J%;. ; -r-iFOREIGNPORTS:- / %
; HAMBURG— SaiIed July ? 22— Br ship \Eu
dora."? for •. San \u25a0 Dlesro.' 1 v3y..-l \u25a0".. >.. \u0084: \u25a0
•- :.< CA LLAO— A rrived ' June 1 7— Br » bark • Doris,
hence y >.Drll 21. . -, .'.. ,\u25a0,:,\u25a0- - ; /• \y i .--••\u25a0••.
«s? HONGKONG— Arrived "July, 22— Ship • Kenll
worth.?from Manila. ;: July ; 2Ty— Br 'stmr 5 - Em
prepfiiof -'Chlna.i from .Vancouver: • -• \u25a0\u25a0 :y\,-.
j; LONDON— Arrived ? July * 2D— Fr ' bark ; Gue'r
veur.™from*.Victoria: *"t •_*>"- ' t - .
: - - YOKOHAMA— Arrived : July • 24— Br stmr
"Sontt Chow, ~t from ?Tacomar : '
;x VICTORIA— Arrived \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 July » 26— Br stmr Stan
ley i Dollar. ' from ' • ~ ' - • , '
CORONEL— Arrived \u25a0 July* 2ft^Stmr > Hawa
iian.: from i >Tew s.York.i to ] sail 'July 27 for ; San
Franclsco,;vla»San,iDle»ro.-'ts;: . =-, , '- ;
' , :;; r ocean \ steamers :\u25a0 .•.;. \u25a0
PLYMOUTH —"Arrived July , -26 '— Stmr
Deutschland."' from I ". New « York: , ' •-:'..' ..-*-\u25a0\u25a0; -
» QUEENSTOWN— Arrived > ;- July . - 2f^-Stmr
Noor«lland,*< frotn; Philadelphia. ''^ \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 v -
j NEWJi YORK— Arrived 5 July J 26-istmr . Lom
bardlaP:for \u25a0 Naoles."- .:-"\u25a0:• • , •;: '. '.\u25a0 \u25a0 . '
t Passed t Nantucket -i lightship '<' Julyi 26^-Stmr
Patricia, ? from | HamburgaDover and' Boulogne;
Btmr '!\u25a0 Main, ~'U from -Bremen.',. '\u25a0\u25a0-.- '• • . .- \u25a0 .
f Sailed .July. 26— 8tmr. Baltic; from : Liverpool.
5 July fa 26^-Stmr ?. Phlla
delphlan,'.for.'Portland;istmr, Bylvanla,' for Bos-
Illll, ' Tin flTirrnntiiTiiii Hrmfiiiioilisi yii»|j|iji|fcLiiiii|r|
Si QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed f July : 26^Stmr Caro-"^
nla.f,for.: New - York. \u25a0 t'razray+jAqggjijtptf ? \u25a0
- ..Arrived i July ti 2ts— Stmr* Saxonia; frotni Boston,
for : Liverpool r? and i proceeded TtSßBf**)g®&< \u25a0 \u25a0 ::
!f?s GENOA— Sailed f July 1 25— Stmr 'Liguria," for
; New-..York junTrvr.^ui^ji isiijfia^ff'^iiiMjUif— >ii - . . - ,
«r, NAPLES-^ Sal led f July j 28^Stnir|Prlna : Os^
; kaT.-= for f New^ YoMc Smmi^ga^pmißsgee.^ \u25a0', •; ; -- r
• » BERMUDA— SaiIed . July ? 26--Stmr *P Bermu
dl»Rr i -f0« r ; New; York.; = -''<, ,^— — r \u25a0 :-v .'J
-SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 26-^-Stmf Kal
BATTEL ABBEY
CANNOT UNLOAD
British Ship Takes On More
Lumber WhenfPretense Is
; TKat .Load i Is . Too Great
HffiLTO£iJEMINS HEX
Bepreseiiitat ion That Vessel
Was Unsea^orthy^Brushed
Mde^ by Official Beport
b The: strange action of ] the ' British ship
Battle ' : c Abbey in- taking ; a cargo of ; red
wood \ lumber .'on • board from Eureka and
unloading it at Long^ whiff ; Oakland; has
called forth" a storm of protests f rom cus
to^s" .brokers \u25a0 f epresentlng- : the shipping
interelts of this ; State", and , several /of
these '• protests fwere filed yes terday \u25a0 morn
ingU-ithf Acting. Customs .Collector-WH
llam';.'B.*"Haniilton^- It .appears . that .the
Battle Abbey took oii'a; load of green red
wood r at' "Eureka for Australian consum
ers, j v When ; ; the ; ship " put ; Into this \u25a0' port
her. master j reported -, to, the ; collector : that
his 'vessel i was unsea worthy! and i topheavy,
by. reason <>f the great weight of the lum
ber stowed between - decks, : and asked per
mission to * unload? the; excess ; redwood.
Mr. Hamilton reported the facts to Wash
ington/and permission Iwas ," givenVto-un
load; sufficient ;br the lumber to : lighten
the !• ship; 80; as .to be seaworthy. \y \'C
{;. But, It appears , that . the" master of - the
ship, > a f ter placing the redwood ! on ,dick
preparatory ; to unloading," filled 'the" space
left between -decks with pine lum
ber ': taken on at? Oakland " for.: expot t >,' to
Australia."' .This -of "c6urse ' was" allowable
under, the departmentar,regulatiohs,^but
when Deputy^ Customs Surveyor. Sii "John
examined "the" 'vessel he" found that [she
was: seaworthy with all the redwood and
the new load of pine on board. He there
upon ' reported '] the \ facts : yesterday * morn
ing to Mr. Hamilton^ and upon his report,
refused : to ' permit; the '. ship to unload any
of "the; red wood. ';. J ." ,' C t .
A statement Jof \ the facts at the ; same
time -was "transmitted '\u25a0...' to' \u25a0". Washington.
This is the first time in ,tHe history of the
port , that;, permission had been 'given 1" a
foreign vessel 10 / unload, "at one .port'of
the" United -States cargo "taken i on, board
from "; another .' port } of ,-, the ..United ' Stales,
arid " the 'affair "has 'caused
comment 5 among j interested x parties^ . Un
lesa the master of the 'Battle Abbey shall
controvert the report *of the ; Deputy". Sur
veyor" he will: be obliged : to ' put - to •'\u25a0\u25a0 sea
with -the" full ;cargo ; of; pine and redwood.
POLICE HOLD WAnnANT P&ii '
. ARRKST'Or rDRIr DRl : .T. jV : BETIERO
Proprietor of "ttmplc of Occult Science
to Be Prosecuted for ] Practicing
. ..Medicine' Without Certificate, j
: Accompatiled by_Wllllam' Magulre; at
torney/ for" this; State 'Board of Medical
Exaiplners^ Mr& jB. M." Mo well, > 328 Ellis
streets cailfed at; the Bond and Warrant
Clerk's Ctßci! day; and swore 1 to a
compldlnt W before r Police.". Judge ' Fritz
charging, if dr.'.'T.i J.: Betlero ";,of /the
TemplejofrOccUltC Science, "1418 Geary
street,". with;. praqtlclng medicine with
out a" certificate. ; The ./.warrant • ':' was
placed in : ;therhands of;Detectlve Silvey,
whOifound -that'Betlero "was .out of .the
city:,";*— :L ''\u25a0•' '-•>- ~*'] ',J, J
, : Mrs".', Ho well all eges ' that she has paid
Betiero altogether $250 In medical-fees
and;all*that.he did for her was to dose
her with; hashhish; "He -would have,
killed* me'," "she ;said.;'.'lf ' I had taken
all that ' heVgave ' me. - He told me that
I ! ,was'a l ve^y\u25a0 sensitive women."- It is, to
save-i hutxianUy - from "' the diabolical
scTiiemes" of ,-j that man that I have de
cid'ed'f to r - Have him '<-' arrested \u25a0 and \ ex
pdsed.*' li'a'mVpnly, one 'of ; his numerous
vlctlms, ; arriohgf them f being Dr. Elvira
Lee 6f 510» Mason-street."".- • >
pECiSlOSr.lffryEk-A'GAIXST \u25a0;• ; ,
EX-CITV' TREASURER BROOKS
Money Retained »» Commissions on
. Collateral. Inheritance Tax Mu«t Be
\u25a0.. Paid 'into Treasury.
The. controversy without action- be
tween Samuel; ; H. -; Brooks." ex-City
Treasurer, and the : city and' county. In
connection , with . [the disposal -of
$6297 .36- collected:- by. Brooks during
his tenure of- office as commissions :on
collateral; inheritance : ; tax; was decided
by Judge ;Cook yesterday, in favor of the
city.andcpunty.; The money, .which i had
been deposited In court,' ; was ordered^to
be patd,to_the.Citjv,Treasurer.
Brboks claimed that. under the act of
1593 he was'entitled to .a.'commlssion
on all collateral inheritance "tax col
lected bv'him.'but the City and County,
Attorney contended, that Brooks', salary
of $4000: was, all that: he could; legally
claim. 'The'; matter was .submitted on
briefs/ Brooks "may appeal to the ; Su
prem'e--Couiti ;\u25a0
- "Almost^ coincident with 'this decision
came" the ?'\u25a0 demand ,-. by - Mayor*
Schmitz! upon -City -Treasurer John :E.
McDougald ; to ' pa>\ into .the .treasury,
tlie<sumsr' retained by him asreommis
sion's on • collateral inher 1 tance ' tax.
Will Give Children's Festival.
.' -St. Joseph's' .:Falr ; 5 will -give i a -(chil
dren's festival "this afternoon,
the children.w ill.be entertained.:. with
various > garriosi and' amusements.t In
the- eveningithcre will ;be a festival for
the friends of lthe-ladies. of :St; An
thony's 5 booth ? and .the people I of, St.
Joseph's' parish. : v Following; is .the cojn
mitteeiof {arrangements: X. Mrs. >.j Frank
Smith;. Mrs/: F.tKennedyh Mrs. E. Bwee- :
hey.^Mrs. McGinerty.' Mrs.: J.J., '.Smith.
Mrs. Thoma3;F. -Wren.Mrs.T Fred Rich-,
ardson, Mrs.: J. l Devine." Mrs.' Nlhlll, Mrs.
Hugh Smith,", Mrs. •; B. ; Lynch.;; Mrs; : '-: B.
Roberts, Mrs.M. : O'Malley, Mrs.: M.} Wal
lace.. Miss * M. ' Cdrey. , Mrs. Hogan. Mrs<
P. •;: Kilkenny. ? Mrs . Mrs. ;j. ? V.
Rooney. . - "— ; .:
Mnrdor ,: Cawes '-; Set ~ for .Trial.
When s thecasesi of Angelo' Napoli and
Salvatore Stfano. charged with mur
der, .were ; call ed in ; Judge r Cook's court
yesterdayito? ; besset';foritrlalZatdemurf:
rer" wan "interposed', tot the* indictment
and promptly^ overruled.;. ..The : »:ases
W cre?coritinuedUill|pctober;9'fortrial, J
andefichfdefendanUdemanded a separf
ate.'tl*lal. -They*; are? accused f of :partlcipatihgslnUhe|nTiurderJof/Joseph:;Brogardo:partl
cipatihg5lnUhe|nTiurderJof/Joseph:;Bro-
gardo orilVandewater. street on January,
22 ,lasts'f Ahclno;Bf izzile ' Is ; trial
onUhe 7 ' same" charge!'. V:. *•' "
Seek«\ to Reopen ', Lerlnnon Ca»e.
A ; p4tltibn^was jflled jinftthe Supreme
Court % yesterday sto t Jvacate . . the'-iy Jud g- s
men «:-• iettl In g[the of " John I Levin
son: . -The^deceased:* was |a"! partner 'of
Newmanf&!?Levinsoh:FrA's decision -. "\u25a0\u25a0 ad
verse: to \ the' heirs iwas rendered \ by.^the
State's "highest Tjtribunal years
ago.'-but ; alrehearlng ; is. requested as ; a
matterbf : justice. V \u25a0:
ser LWllhelm"deriGr6sseT"for New York.-
:; 1^:-.
f
:
-^'-:-:•'\u25a0•; Memoranda:,':;;
- \u25a0Per'sthr^Maryl E*. Foster.i'at? San; Francisco.-
July i 2C. 1 from; Hllo—Had light .variable: wind*
and /weather» to 1 lat\ 38,20 sN» long 1136 25 .w.
on, JulyJ 21 5 i thence | moderate, to | fresh. N; to NW,
breet*,'; then'clou"dy, L and k overcast'sky..'and more
of Ue*ii ;toK*to port.-. \u25a0 . •' '\u25a0-,-• -
:-»Per,"schr;Traniilt— Had,light!wind the entire
passage'.^ .f' •%*\u25a0<;--^"-*- .-.-\u25a0" *\u25a0>-"-• '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'jj-' \u25a0 "• -. - -.;-'--• -:
\u25a0'\u25a0i EUREKA?; July 28. —Ui S! stmr > Hugh Mc-
Culloch ; sails J at «7£ o'clock I this ? evening
catotaln Jan« -crew •»of«- wrecked * Nor-" stmr - Tri
color ; for; Bani: Francisco.'.." '\u25a0 \u25a0" -
CITY PURCHASES
FIFTEEN WAGONS
Supervisors' Committee * Ob
tains Nucleus for Munici
pal Street-Sweeping Plant
DIET WILL BE KEMOVED
Board of Works Authorized
to Contract for Many lih :
provements in the Budget
The Supervisors Joint Street and Fi
nance Committee yesterday received a
communication from ' the 1 Board of "Works
stating j that TAlva -B: Clute is" not prop
erly. * carrying J out - his contract:, to fur
nish "wagons, to remove street sweepings.
The letter says: :"
A» It. is evident that ths contractor furnish
ing wagons to ', remove ;\u25a0 sweepings -trora . our
streets. .. under > a • contract entered into : with
him by. your ' board, cannot . perform 1 properly
such * work -. and i refuse ; is accumulating to -an
offensive extent 0.1 a 'great number of streets,
our s weepers ' are retarded *. thereby and such
streets \ are . becoming > more : offensive \u25a0* for the
need, of^ the -removal; of this refuse: therefore
this; board would ; request of your board, as
this contract Is -of : your l making, that you
.' take • the > necessary steps T to compel your con
tractor , to properly, perform his > work bo: that
we may be able to properly sweep our streets.
: The „ committee received an offer from
C. S. -Harney to sell the city, nine wagons
of a' larger capacity than Clute furnishes
for 11350, which offer Braunhart and Con
nor " fa vo red and agreed to pay for the
wagons out of .the fund for expenses
of .'acquiring.-, public; utilities. The com
mittee accepted the offer and the wagons
will r pressed Into, service at once, the
requisition for the -necessary teams to
be made by Superintendent Cowden, who
thinks that/all refuse will be removed
from now* on. . -~.T^'.'
.The Board, of Works was authorized to
enter into a contract with the, Spring
: Valley i Company -to furnish water for
; sprinkling . at $500 per month. .»* V
The • committee (agreed to purchase out
of thfe 'urgent \u25a0 necessity fund six street
sprinkling machines for $1250 : from C. S.
Harney.. \u25a0vHsßßEyji
j The', committee accepted the offer of
the Tftllabt- Banking. Company. to sell for
$11,000/ land at the ; southwest corner" of
Chestnut and Montgomery streets for the
preservation of Telegraph Hill and re
; quested the City Attorney to solicit offers
for 'other lands required for the pur
chase^fiJJgHP ...-,» -. • :
The £ Street Committee considered the
, petition -of the Sari; Francisco Electric
j. Protective' Company., for a ftfty-year
. franchise ;- for a district telegraph and.
messenger service. : ;• H." N. Goodall. presi
dent. 1 of »the company, stated that the
Cit>\ Attorney \u25a0 had that a fran
chise" s >nlust :" be '^Obtained r under the
. "Broughton- act" ; after a sale thereof to
the highest bidder. Braunhart said he
was .'opposed: to granting . the franchise
because :'it would drive the ; established
Calif ornia -• and . American District Mes
senger companies "out of business, they
having been' granted the privilege by
oruinances previous [ tc> the . passage of
the° Broughton • act- and the adoption of
the : charter." The company's attorney ar-^
gued - that - to grant " another franchise
would not. interfere^" with; tfte existing
messengerj companies, .whose privileges
are ' Irrevocable. , .The ; committee appeared
to be Impressed with.. this argument ."and
Instructed the company, to prepare a pro
posal notice ' for ? the ; sale of _^tbe fran
chise,^ which, 'however, j will --not "be j" re
garded " as being ;an exclusive privilege.
The: committee .then took the petition un
der, advisement for; five weeks, as - the
Supervisors -,wlll. take a vacation begin
ning ; next . Monday. . * :
The committee authorized the Board of
Works to \u25a0 construct a 'driveway. -from
Ocean avenue. near. Corbett avenue to the
County line; to repair San . Bruno, San
Jose, View, .Corbett.v Point Lobos and
Ocean avenues: to.ollroads and. streets;
to build four safety stations on Market
street at*:. Taylor, Battery. Montgomery
and Grant avenue, > and to build •a • con-_
venience station on Fifth street near the
Lincoln : school. The funds for the Im
provements have been set asJSe in the
budget. - -V
BUSINESS .MEN* INFORMED
-•CHINESE BOYCOTT HAS BEGUN"
Cablegram Reported to i Hare Been Re
, celved by, Local Firm; bat Verlflca-/ "
tlon Is Lai-king. '
A rumor, was current; yesterday that
the Del Monte Millingr Company, of. this
city had been notified that a boycott of
'American?, goods by the, Chinese ...had
actually begun^ Inquiry at the .offices
of r the 'company .developed that. 'Chi^
nese.' : bad* told a . representative of .the
company, that such was the fact, but no
information had been^ received of adeS
nife' nature that confirmed -the rumor.
It was noticed by . theVcompany that no
order; -was • received;; by 'the llast steam
ship from China ifor-breakfast foods,
which- was; something/unusual, as or
dersrhave;come;forward "regularly by
other steamships* during a period of
years. ; \u25a0" ."• """- :""
*: Representatives I of i the • company^ de
nied;thatithey,hcd iseen a cablegram
directing. certain purchasing agents hot
to buy anything iirthe Unted States,un
til: further .orders. ;":_ All knowledge . con
cerning^ the , actual ; existence ' of. such a
cablegram" was also ; denied.' Foods are
the principal' articles? of exports , from
this porf to' China!
- . ... ..^'.,T-T.-.->-- —
Al«l» 111-Treated Animal*.
.\u25a0• Stephen \u25a0 Elliott ;wa3 'arrested'yester-.
day "; by I officers of "the \u0084 Society, for \u25a0 the
Prevention of f Cruelty : to Animals .-\u25a0•for
drivinga horseiwith a'sore back. . The
society lias just issued a now badge to
its district .ofiie'ers*; to : take the place of
the "bid* one.'w/hlch; .too "closely re
sembled 'others of different Interests.
The ; annual r report; has \ just been re-
' turned^ from,; the, printer, .showing that
the .work *of i the " year, has been \u25a0 unusu
ally "stood. \
Sny« Information Is Defective!
_A. petition • for "a writ of habeas cor
pus "was. .filed iilnl'.t he _ Supreme .Court
yesterday,; in : : behalf , of .; Herbert' J.
Thornburgh,'; who is'accusedj of. passing
a'- forged checks for] $1 0 on the T Crocker-^
AVoolworth^Bank.'j He 'alleges that ;^.the
information" is "defective.' *,The court
has '{ taken no action ; in"; the case ; pend^-*
ing a "consideration: of" the prisoner's
arguments.' !
Loses 1 Money, In Restaurant Deal.
\u25a0_ :J. A.' Muhroe obtained a warrant from
Police Judge ; Frltz yesterday. for_the ar
rest ,'ot F. 0., MelsterTonsa -charge"; of
obtaining money.- by, -false : pretenses.
Munroe \u25a0 alleees ;tliat ; he -4 paid Meister
$200 ' foria .half -interest . in a restaurant
at . 1 714* Post ";'streetj;6n>. the'; representa
tion^ thatltbe I business fsho wed [a.~, profit
of *$200 peri month 'and , was • free . from
debt, which r ; Munroe* declares was not
:true.; ;\u25a0' \u25a0::.C,vil i '. : ; : 'liu- '~J.V*. '\:<~:~- \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 '
Beaten and Robbed by Hoodlum*.
,":: Morris" Rosenberg,* a fruit 1 peddler/ 963
FolsonV2Street,">: reported to v, the * police
yesterday^ that • while Jat^Flfth] and" Fol-'
sornl streets [on j-T'uesday , n i ght '" se ven : or
eight ?, youn g ', hoodlums - attacked * hlm
and his a Samuel.. ; ')They, .were
knockedrdown^and'.their 'assailants, ran
r away, with a* box! of /grapes. 11 ', which! they
fromUhejwagon.^He^was advised
to 'f swear out ' .warrants / for.: their : ar-"
1T"1 T" * 55 J1Bi!Tlgli'li I li^illlllsfillllllTlTlrirriF
Back East Excursions
round l Trip i Tickets >
.Memphis » 67 '50
New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City 60 00 -
Omaha • 60 OO
St. Paul j 7O 00
Minneapolis 1 ' 70 OO
Duluth *'J 72 SO
Fort Worth; 60 oo
New York / 108 SO
Boston 100 50 v
Philadelphia 107 50
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. D. C 107 OO
August 15-16-24-25.
; September 7-8-9-10-11-lft-IT.
Gord for OO days.
* DZHVSE AND BSTCXS 135.03
05 81LC
August 10-11-12-30-81.
Gocd for 40 days.
These tickets ara all hoaorsd ea
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE,
653 Kukit BtrMt
Uricsol
Rheumatic
Specific
Kidney and Liver Stimulant. The"
most successful remedy before the
public. ": Does not injure the stom-
ach. Drop postal for Free Booklet
on Treatment and Diet for Rheu-
matism to URICSOL CHEMICAL
f CO., 23d and Grand Aye., Los An-
geles, Cal.
For Sale by AH Druggists.
Ipadtcd'^l CURB SICK HEADACHE.
uArUtno ;m; m
\u25a0ittie Genuma Must Bur
I IVER Fac-Simih Signatart
\u25a0 PILLS. s? >
y^mk^j MEMANDWOME*
Mk^mYVVUX^KI Cwßlf Of« «an»ttir».
mMv OwuiT] Irritktloai «r «le«r»Uo*;
HJ mi w mutmn. " of b««»«i a«mbr»a«s
m 4 Trmm* Cmlmilw. PUalM*. •»< Itt utrl»
BgSITHtETMSCHWUmCt. g»»« *t *»1m««m.
1 mm ciiiouiati,iJßSß •»i# tr i>r«««*rt*
ca. a, 31a •* »* Bt la » UJo WT S W J*
A^^^ftßaKi^H il 00. r. * (NrtUM »A
CtnrslM Hat Ml mnA
' octi.%y travix.
J< <r3r^s i «>. » Eteamers leave Piers 8 and
y<WS-5Q5v 11. San Francisco:
Ajf/^ For- Ketchlltan. 'Wrangel.
IQJ wH^te v*\ Juneau. Treadwell. Halae*.
I ( VC*J*A 1 I Skagway. etc.. AUika — 11
I \ \?bS^/ / a m - Jlll y 5 - 9 - 14 - i: - 19>
Wv \\ '" 24. 29, Aug. 3. . Change ta ,
' vSSviL^^*^/ ' thfs company's steamers ai
xit>J«SSV^/ Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle., Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes South Belllngham. Belltngham — 11 a.
m. July 5. 9. 14. 17. 19. 24. 29. Aug. 3. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eurefca <Humbo»dt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 5. 10 18. 22. 2S, Aug. 3. Corona
1:30 p m.. July 1. 7. 13. 19 25. 31 Aug. 9.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angrles (via San Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
tuts Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme — . .
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 1. 9. 17. 23. Aug. 2.
Bonita; 9 a. m.. July S. 13. 21. 29. Aug. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maza tlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1905— The
palatial steamship SPOKANE will leave Ta-
coma. Seattle and Victoria June 22. July 0. 20.
August 3. 17. *3BP>QKP i "WflpiM
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
i TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgomery st
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market «t.
C. D-DUNANN .General Passenger Agent. -
• ' , \u25a0 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
ameeicas inrs.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Soutfcamptom.
ATXJUffTXC TSaKBPOBT LOS.
New York — London Direct.
HQI t I t A2TP-AMT!TtTCA J.TWB.
NE"W TORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOgNE
KID STAS T.X2TB.
Antwert? — Dover — liondcm-— Parli.
WUITII STAS ImIJTE.
Kew York— Queenstcwn— lilverpooL
T . Boston— Qneeartewn— tlr«rpooL
To the Medlterrtmean.
FROM NEW TORK.
CRETIC..;...' .September 28. Nov. 4
republic. :..':.' ~:/rrr;vr^ . .Oct. 19. Nov. ."»
_ \u25a0--! FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Aug. 5. Oct. 7. Nov. 1»
R0MAN1C......-- Sept. 1A Oct. 2». Dec 2
CD. TATLOR. Passenger Ageht Pacific Coast.
.. .21 Post st.. San Francisco. '-
Jfamlwrg-Jlmerican.
I Plymouth— Cherbourg — Hamburg:.
fPatricia - ; Aug. EiHambarg. .....Aug. '31
•j«Moltke ....:. Aug. 17 TP»nnsylvan!a..Sept. 2
?Waldersee ."..Aug. 1» \u2666•Blu*cher.....Sept. 7 .
tD»utschland. .Aug. 24 IBismarck Sept. 9
+Grill room. •Gymnasium on board. fCalllng
at Dover for London and -Paris. '
HAIXBUS9- AMERICAN LIH2. 39-3? Br«l-»»y. H.T.
. \u25a0. HERZOG * CO.. 401 California st.
AAA^nlAt C fA «»«n am, in
9CCaBICS.S.CO. SKxss*
S S " ALAMEDA, for Honolulu»July 29. 11 All.
S* S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti; Aug. «. 11 A. M.
B S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.. Thursday. August 10. 2 P. M. .
J D-SPEICmS k BIOS. CaUzlS-.TicKSt 0QC8843 MiT-
Ibl rreign Office 327 Marat st. t Pier 7, • Paciflc sl
Compnanle Genernle Tranxntlantlaae.
DIP.ECT ? LINE TO HAVRK— Parts.' i^icM*
Eallins every ThumUay Instead of tfrHSJ^
Eaturday.'.ltf ••'.».. from Pier 42.
North Kiver. loot of Morton st. .
First cUss to Havre. <70 and upward. : s*e»
end class to v Havre. $43 and upward. G&X-
EBAL AGENCT FOR rJNITED STATES ASl>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson boUdlagV
New Torkl J. F. FCGAZI A CO.. Pacific CoLi
A cents. 5 Montgomery . avenue. Saa Fraacuco.
Tickets .old by an Railroad Tlckst Agentav
* BAV.AXD ISTBRBRBAS ROCTKS.
NAPA mLEY ROUTE.
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPAXT—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLET INTKR-
URBAN ELECTRIC R.R. CO. 1 Close conneo-'
tlons at VaUeJo ; with J roundjrips daily, for
Vallejo. Mara Island Navy. Yard. Napa. >£apa
AMlumaud all way points, i' Boats leav* Sa a
Francisco TiOOji. m..« 9:4a < a.m.. 12:3O .ooa.
3-IS p. m..'O:CO a. m..5:30 p. m. \u0084
"Cars leave Napa «: 13 a.', m.. 6:33 a. m.
local. 8:30 a. m.. 11:30 a. m.. 2:30 p. m.; 4:30
p.- m.. ; 7:30 p. m.. 9:30 p. m. local. San
Francisco • landing and ; office. Pier 2. - foot of
Mission *' st. Meals « a la carte. Phone Mala
1303. . \u25a0HATCH »BROS.; General Agents.
\u25a0^•Lands' Navy Yard direct.
For Yallejo as j Mare island iaij Yanf. ;
Couinirnclnjc Thnradnr. July 2Ota.
Steamer H. J. \u25a0 Corcoran leaves wharf.", north
end of Ferry building, week days ««xcept;Sai-
urday).> 11 " a. m:. -3:13 .p. - m.: , Saturdays i 11"
a."i m.:, Sundays." 9:30 a.- m.. 8:13 p. \ m.-;. Leaves '
..Vallejo. <\u25a0 w*ek 1 days ," (except.; Saturdays), : 7 -45
a.:m..r5:30 p. m.: Saturdays,^ 7:30- a.. m.' «
p. m.: Sundays. i:M p. m. . Meals a la carte
Phone U Ml. . ?. » BARNESON-HIBBXRD -c CO.
Managert. ; 436 Montgomery at.WAGE EARNERS
ARE LEARNING
Small Savings Combined Are
Being Administered With
Very Satisfactory Results
LAST YEAR SUCCESSFUL
United Building and Loan
Association Holds Annual
Convention in New York
NEW YORK. July 26.-The news that
nearly two million email wage earners of
America are learning to save out of their
liule incomes and to administer these
savings in large collective amounts as
•veil as any trust company with great
capitalistic backing could do the same
\u25a0work was contained in the address of
President A. D. Guthiel before the an
nual convention of the United Building
and Loan Associations to-day.. The
league is an association of more than five
thotaanfl local building and loan associa
tions. President Guthiel I*. from-Shelby
ville, Ind. He said in part:
"Thfe ideality of .the local system of
building and roan associations lies in the
fact that they are -, operated in the im
mediate vicinity wherein dwell the share
holders and officers. "Nine-tenths of the
officers cf'such institutions 6erve with
out pay. The shareholders and officers
are all personally known to each other
and each shareholder can know, from
month to month exactly how his money
Js invested. They have no paid agents to
drum uj> business and only Email* sal
aries sufficient to keep the machinery
in running order." "•-<.'
R. F. Celtarius of Cincinnati, Ohio, sec
retary of the league. In his annual re
port says: ; . -; . -
"Ti-.e la&t.year. oas been successful {or
the local building and loan associations
cf'tbe" United States. The. total assets
cf the Dullding and loan associations ' in
the-pnited States Is $600,342,568, which is
& net Increase for the year of J23.756,
474. The total membership is 1,631,046, a
net Increase of 64,548. The number of
separate associations is now E265." ;
BURGLARS -MAKE BIG
HAULS OF JEWELRY
Thieves and Plunder Are
iMng Sought liy Police
j of Eastern Cities.
?CsTir. v YORK, July 26'— A ' daring •'bxir-
Fliry was brought -to the Ugh't .^ues.dayi
\u25a0ntren circulars describing- J15,60d worth or
stolen jewelry were sent, out td' all 'the'
pawnbrokers in New York. ; «A wealthy;
N<fw".Torß ".business man who has a
country- home, in Connecticut . and who
en iled "for Europe with his family last
w*£*c*is said to have been the victim. .
The Connecticut police have been un
able to get any trace of the burglars
or. their plunder, and lists of the missing
property have t>een scattered throughout
the.,C»itcd States, with offers of a lib
eral reward. The most highly valued
article stolen ! was a necklace, of tur
'Uiof^jfL s ,:shic^i riarj been a family .'hejr^
leem and which was also of great Intrin
sic value.
A'njjtn^'.clrcujar^serjt ppt by; a/ det«v
live .agency 'inakes'-* public ;anolner *rob
beryr amounting to $25^C0, which by a
queer 'coincidence -occurred in a New
York residence on the same day that the
rebbery was committed in Connecticut.
The name of the loser has been wi'th
lield.' ' Included in the loot was a neck
lace of 61 pearls "with a cross suspended
from it made of .11 pearls. Another neck
lace" consists- of 55 opals, graduated- in
Kze," with.. crystals" intervening.
FORMER SECRETARY OF
WAR IS". LAID. AT REST
Mrtt UJph laPnbllc Life Attrnrf Ibe
: \u0084 . Funeral of Daniel S.
Lamnnl. /"'V.;
MILLBROOK. N. Y-. July 261— In the
presence- of his family- and many- men
high in public and private life, simple
funeral services were conducted over
the body of former Secretary of War
Daniel S. Lamont to-day. Immediately
after the ceremonies the body was
transferred to a special funeral train
to JCew York. Interment '- will be in
W'oodlawn Cemetery. . .;-.>.\u25a0'- &}*.
The" funeral service at Altamont, the
Lamont Jiome* was conducted by. Rev.
Dr. "Wilton M. Smith, pastor of the Cen
tral Presbyterian Church of New York,
assisted' by Dr. A. E. Freeman, pastor
of St. Andrew's Memorial' .Protestant
Episcopal Church of Yonkers. ;
Among the promfnent persons present
were: Former President Cleveland and
Mrs.' Cleveland, Postmaster General
George B. Cortelyou. Major General W.
Davis, -Judge Alton B. Parker, David B.
HilU Former Comptroller of the Currency
James H. Eckels, J.J. Hill and a num
ber of business associates of Colonel
Lamont, including Howard Elliott,
president of the Northern Pacific Rail
road-Company.- ' ; :j<* * \u25a0 ;-
NEGRO MMIDKIiKH IS
. ; St'RROt'XDED IX SWA3IP
Giant -Blnck- In Xew Jersey Dodge*
' ' nullrtM of Hffi" Pursuer* r for
« . . 2--..'.: - .— TwoD«y«. •\u25a0- - -.j
NEW YORK. July 26. — After having:
for two day 3 dodged the bullets of de
tectives and -farmers. Charles Lonjr.- a
griant ?O>txb, t who is charged with . hav.
lrig ' killed Matthew Cunningham. In
Trenton', "Jf., J.. throug"h Jealousy over a
wemaJi,, w rjii) tp earth last night In
a swamp near -New^Market. Though
they- bad their prey surrounded nono
of his pursuers had. the temerity du.'ngr
thfl nijefht -to risk a hand to hand en
counter with the negro in tho dark
ress* or the possibility of Doing mired
ln.tk\if!|cksand. . Even If the police and
tiatSSti rer.i*in satisfied . to-day . only
to ijuard against the escape of the. ne
gTOjfrcijii' the swamp, which is about h
mile, in circumference, he must suritn
der.orfitan'e. 1
TOLitT ASXILS ORDERS ; . , ;
\u25a0*:..- OP ST. LOUIS' MAYOR
Circuit Court .*andg IJ<Mvn Decision by
Wblcb tli« Chief MajciKtratc'fl
';<> * '\u25a0\u25a0 . ILnnda Arc Tied.
ST. LOUIS. July 26. — An order was is-
Biyed. by Circuit Judge Kinsey to-day
vaoatingr all orders made by Mayor
W«HS in -the cuse.of City Health Com
missioner Simons, who was removed
from oiSce by the Mayor last Saturday,
after a trial by the Mayor on charges
of inattention' to duty .arid incomne-.
tency. The. order of the 'court holds
the . Mayor's orders for naught until
the certiorari proceedings instituted
in the Circuit Court by Dr. Simons' at
torneys shall have been certiiled into
Judge Kirvsey's division of the Circuit
Court thw first Monday In October.
KiXGSTOX. Jamaica, . July 26.— Th* United
Ci&cfec ' craltsrr Olympia, r!i£.!-!iiji of the fifth
division. -«r the thirO - etiuaJron oi the North
Atlantic nt*u wJU» •. Roar Admiral IJradforJ. "
(•osurv.&;:ui£K. \u25a0on ' board.' arrived h«r«" to-day
frorn'Outtatanaroo. Cuba:, Tiw object of. the"
vl»l t -.Ie .'la' srant lfc« ercw ehcre Irave. The
rtiwopla wUI resieln lutrt a week. •\u25a0"\u25a0,-. - •
LOWER THAN
FACTS WARRANT
Crop Estimating . Board
Makes Report on > Acreage
of Cotton in tlie, South
1904 ESTIMATE WRONG
Assistant Secrettiiy Hays De
clares That Holmes Was
Responsible for the. Error
WASHINGTON, July 28.— Assistant
Secretary Hays to-day made the" follow
ing report to Secretary Wilson on acreage
of cotton in the Southern States hi 1905
as compared wjth that planted in 1604: .
The crop e»timating' "board of the" Depart
ment of Agrlculxure baa considered ,ths .report
issued by the bureau of staujttps on" .June. 2.
relative to- the acreage planted- in cotton In
the Southern States in lkK>s, as-compared with
:).at planted in 1904, and hao concluded:
F"iret. that a new \u2666stlm&te ' should be made
on' acr«aye planted, and that the fig-uros in
Hr. Hydes .hands when making hit estimate
should be used as the "basis. ' .-. \u0084
iSec'ond, that Mr. Iljde. with Mr. Holmes
aj. his eibi.w prcmutinK him. .made, the esti
mate, lov«r than the .facts .at .hjs hjp.nd.ftqm
the report* from the seven classes of. reporters
employed by the bur€au warraiited. . . I
Third, the board finds upon . careful con :
«ia«ratlon of the reports of all classes of corre
«pond<nts and agents that the acreage* planted
In cotton this y*ar. Including the" entire sea
son, should have been estimated -at- 53.1 per
c*nt..of that planted last year, equivalent to
a .reduction in planted acreage as compared
with last year of 14.9 P«r cent (Instead ot 11.4
per cent) or 4.731.000 acres— the estimate or
the total acreage planted this year being 26,
94*9,000 acnes. . \u0084...,; • .
The estimated percentage decrease In cotton
grcwiinr States la as follows: ' '"
Virginia 18. North Carolina 16. South Caro=
lini 14. Georgia 14. Florida 12, Alabama 11^
MlBsls*!ppi 16. Louisiana 17, Texas 18, Arkan
sas 19. Tennessee' 13, Missouri 18, Oklahoma
16, Indian" Territory 11." "-' " " '"• -*\u25a0
"The avtrases were made for each-State-by
each ol the Xour members of the board in. the.
comparatively small dlsagreem?nts har- •
monlzed almost wholly by averaging,- and the
above results are fully, agretd to by each and •
every member of the -beard. •.. •-; \u25a0
PROPERTIES OF BANKRUPT ,"
\u25a0 COTTOX COMBHVE ARE SOLD
Assets) of Southern Textile Compauy
BrtnK $110,500 at Auction Sale' :
" In Xew VorK,"' ]' '-~:-.r. \
NEW TOHIC July 26.— Properties of;
the Southern Textile Company, organ-,
ized two years ago.-with a capital rtock>
of J14.000.000 as- a holding company/
to combine cotton goods mills in the-
South, were sold- at auction by orler
of Walter C. Abell. trustee in bank-|
ruritcy. • '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0:• ' * \u25a0'- "'•
The Windsor Mill at Burlington N l
C, sold for $25,000 to Robert JxHoK;
the Chicora Mills at Rock 'Hil.«. >S. C"
for- 534,000, to N. M. Smith;-, and the 1
Moorhead Mills, for J36.000. to Hole "
The autioneer,- then put up all the'
property in one. lot and coM it for;
$110,500 to the International Trti.st'
Company of Baltimore. As tno bulk',
sale realized J15.800 more than the s«ri- :
arate lot sale, the bulk sala was ac-;
cepted- by the trustee and will be sub
mitted to the United Status District'
Court for confirmation. '
FREE DELIVER V WIDENS _ . \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0'
\u0084 FIELD FOR RURAL PRESS
fatty <lovrh } ' \V«#kiy jCoaatry Papers
' 'will Shortly^ Be i ConvVrte'd Into';
-\u0084' A : \u0084 Dally Pabllca'tlan*,...^ ";.,
WASHINGTON, July. 26.— Fourth Agr:
sistant Postmaster General de Qraw
ha-s made public a communication "from
his department which "states that fifty;
weekly papers in various towns and:
cities in lowa are to be transformed
into daily "papers through' an organiza
tion of capitalists whereby two pagfes
of the papers are "to be" printed -at one
central place and distribute*, to the
towns where the remaining 1 two' paged
are to be printed with the local nowsl
The plan is declared to have been made
feasible through" the greater demand
for dailies on the part: of the rural
residents, whose mall is now delivered
daily through the rural free delivery
service. : ' ' "'" " "•'
LONDON. July 26. — The British Medical
Association has^ accepted the invitation- to
meet at .Toronto, inJOOS. .. '
SICK .HEADACHE
. «« — I Positively cured by
\u25a0^ A DTCDC these Little pills «
wMlvl Ll\O They also rcUava Dls-
WWm tres3 from Dyspepsia, In-
S&IP ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
gS[ 1 1/ p D Eating, a pertect rera ;
Phl I VtR edj for Dizziness, K&usea,
S3 PILLSa Dr0 175111 * 8^ Bad Taste
|H j^g . In tho Mouth, Coated
W&!g&&m ' Tongue. Pain In tlie Slrle,
I TORPID LIVKR. They
regulate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.' \u25a0
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PRICL
\u25a0CaRTERSI cdre sick HEA ? ACI I B '
lOittle Genuine Must Bear
IfIVER Fac-Simile Signafjro
DISEfISES OF BEN
Oar modern and up-to-date m»tliocis
for the certain and speedy cure of stricture
.Rupture. Piles. Ulood Polion, X*rv.
eus Oebtlitjr and Contracted Disorders
have won lor us thousands «f tcttlmo-
dials from patients who bare been cured.
Vmi-1coc«>I«>. we treat by our improved
medical vibratory method, where others u«e
tbe kuife. U> Issue a bond a* a guaran-
tee to cure all cases we undertake. - Our im-
proved Krrncli Conns for the treatment of
the injured Prostate neverfall. Any man
tuf/crixigfrom Weakness end wtioisUnde-
vf lo|>ni can obtain from us (free by mall)
our lv day '« special treatment and Illustrated
churl describing the cause and effect of Lest
Vitality and Weakness. Kecentcases
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrljraling hletlivd. ' -
Cprrespondence private. Comultillon FREE.
the DR. TALCOTT co.
l!4O MARRZTST. .
Opp. Hale'a San Francisco, Cal.
. .oirect'ort of respohsi'ble houses.
Catalogue mid I'rlce Lists Malted on
• < Anplicntion." \u25a0 : \u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0• •
\u25a0*./\u25a0\u25a0 ±:C--'i oils. '\u25a0\u25a0 v.'.' -: - . \u25a0.: \u25a0\u25a0"
LCBRICATINO OILS: tIiONARD &' KLLJ3. '
,- .418 Front «t.. S. F." Phone Main lTia. 1 . i \u25a0
.PRINTINti. ,'\u25a0 \u25a0'•"\u25a0."-'
t;C. HUGHES. .xisaHo^s;*. ;
THE; SAN; FRANCISCO CALI^ : -THURSDAY; .* JULY : 27, 1 905;
" ;ifs least virtue ris j that j
itilasts^sb. *.1...,::.. 1 . ..,::. i
Soap is for comfort and
Pears' soap cleanliness—
perfect ; cleanliness ' 'and
1 comfort; '*\u25a0» ' 'i
Sold all over the world. <
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
f CS lMlilMnW.ttt.6tk*7tli,B.F.C»L
Vi'if* ' ' TheL»fj«t An»tomi"»l Mutenm in th*
A> .-HE*. --'" WotM. We»kBe«»«« dr »ny" o«ntr«it»d
X SeSsSi il'tut pwtltl-roly carod by the oldut
!&Wj[l DR. 'JORDAN-DISEASES 0? MEN
f dSso»i| Cot"n>':iticn tree acd etrletly prir»i»
I YSfif II Tr»*tn*tßt p*rion»llj or by letlw. A
a W_ «Sl If potitive cure iteitr/ cMt ual^i-jJtßn.
ii r -P» 'lift Writ* tat Boot, PHILOSOPHY af
9 j . 11 \u25a0 m*nui *<;•;. :;iilku : .fusb. ca .
, j(J _JJ. »»lo»b!e hoclt for JBea.)
\u25a0T>B.jr«Kl>A!f«3t«:O., 1051 Market St., B. F.
.T "* RAILWAY TRAVEL.
\u25a0 v^t'iU^n. " Tralnß leave and are due
to arrive at
v(!S^y\ san franc isco.
yJ^Jmtep I From JrKB 25 - 1905 -
\iQ^^^\y " " Fmrt Dxpot
. (Foot of Market Street) .
ijat»-- MAIN LINE. -.-AiSqJTT
7.ooa Elmira, Vacavllle, Winter*. Kumsey 7.48P
7.ooa ßichmond, Benlcla, Sacramento, ' -
"**\u25a0: Bui»ua and Way Stations ........ 7-28p
7-40A Vallojo, Naps, Calintoga, panU \u25a0 \u25a0!\u25a0;
.- . •\u25a0 --. IJosa, Martinez, jSau Bamoa , 6.08P
7.40aN11c«, Pleasanton, Llvcrniore,
Tracy; Eatn'rop, 5t0ckt0n ........ " 7.28p
B.ooA«hasta-Expre«s — (Via - Davis-), -,=:
- -Williams, }Villows, fFruto, Red -
Bluff, Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7-48P
B.ooaDhvl», Woodland, KnlgUls Landing, -
Marysvllle, 0r0v111e.. :.....-..... 7-48p
B.2oa Maritaez,, Antloch, Byron, Tracy, •
Stockton, Newman, Los. Bano3, ('\u25a0 \u25a0
"' * Mendota, Armona, ? llarif ord," i A n « n
.'Vls«liairporterville;...v.i. A Y&Z
;820APort Coata. Lathrop. Merced, Me- ' * 4ap ,
... deeto,, JUymcmd,. > Fre»no,..Han-
- . ford.Vlsaila, Bakersfield..... ... 4.48P
8-40 A Nlles, San Jose. Lirertnore, Stock-
* -. ton • (tMllton), Valley Spring, "\u25a0":..
\u25a0•-\u25a0..'• lone k .Sacramento, Placerville, .- \u25a0 - \u25a0
. . Colfax, Mary«vllle,i?ed 81uff.... '.. 4.08P
B.4oa Onkdale, Cbfncse. Jamestown,
'• •Sotora.Tuolumne and Angel*.:. 4.08p
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogden and Easti 4.28P
9.40 a Richmond, Port Cq.ru, Martinez,.
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... §-48p
1020 a Vallejo, Daily. Napa, Sunday only - 7.48p
10.20ALOS Angeles" Passenger— "Port
'..'••,. Costa, Martinez, Byron, Trac y,-
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced, ". . K-'-'Wi
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen June- •'
»-^ " tion, Hanford. Lemoore;-Visaila, '. " \u25a0
\u25a0 Bakersdeld, Los Angeles . ........ 7.08P
10.20AE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>,
'\u25a0\u25a0 • Chicag0....'....................:.. 7.08P
IT.OOAThe Orerland Limited^— Omaha, . \u25a0
\u25a0i - \u25a0 Chicago. Denvcr.Kanssg Cliy... - 8.48P
H-40ANl!es, San Jei>e and "Way Stations. 2-48p
t1 -00p Sacramento River Steamers 1 11. OOP
3 40p Benlcla, -Winters, Sacramento,'
• :-.:\u25a0 \u25a0;« Woodland, - 1 Knights Landing, -
Marysvllle and Qrovllle 10.48 a'
3.4opHaywsrd, Nllca, and Way Stntlons 7.48p
4.oop Vallejo, 'Martinez, San Ramon,"
- • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 Xapa. Callstoga, Sdnta Rosa ...... - 9.28 a
4.oopXllcs. Tracy, Stockton, Lodl 10 28a
4.4oPHayward, Kiles, Irvlngton, Pan 1 18.48 a ,
\u2666 • .. '- \u25a0• Jose, L1verm0re... ..:'.. \..".'i..^ I ;J11.48A; J11.48A I
S.OOpThe Owl Limited— XewTnan, -Los-. . -
.':•:.• . Banos, Mendota, Fresno,. Tulare, -
I Bakersdeld. Los Ange1e5....'....." ' 8.48 a
B-OOp Chicago and St. Louis Special— El.
. Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
• Cnlcago 848 a '
tB-20P Hay ward, Kllesand San Jose 7.08 a .
5.20p Vallejo, Port Cotta, Benlcla, Sui- :
i ' sun, Sacramento 1128 a,
COOp Eastern Express — Omaha, Cnlcapo,
..." Denver, Kansas City, St. Louts,
-Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
. Reno, Sparks, Monteljo. Ogden .. 12.48p •
6.2opHaywsrd, Ktlesand San J050...... 9.48 A
7<ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
- r \u25a0\u25a0• ntcla, Snlsun. Elmlrn, Dlxon, •
1 ..." . .D.ivis.Sacrntnento. Sparlc6, Touo- .
'2 " pah, Goldfteld andKeeler.^V^,.'* 7. 08 a "
7.4opPort : Costa,Martfnez,Byrbn,TrecyV
rt Modesto, Merced, Fresno.. 12-08P
7.4CPT.osemlte and Marlpo.ra Big Trees.r
-." "." ' (vlaßaymond-WaTfbpa'Route)..* 8.48 a
7;4opVallefd, Sunday only .....:.;..;;.•; 11.28 a
' 8-20 p Oregon i California" Eipresfi— -Sac- \u25a0 -
'. . ramento. Maryst-llle. Redding;.:
, Portland. Puget Sound and East. . 8.48 a
S.DOpHaywßTd, NHes and San Jose (Sun*
day 0n1y).... ........-....?... 111.48 a :
COAST LINE (Narrow «au B e).
._ \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 (Foot of Market Street.) . \u25a0 '
7>4sASanta Cruz Excursion (Sunday
.- \u25a0. i 0n1y) .....i.. .; .#..„.. 9-16P-
S.lSAdewark, Centervtlle, San Jose, . ;;
" \u0084 Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
•' - ; " CruzandWmy Stations B-BBp
t9.lßANewark, San Jose-. Felton; Boulder •• -^
Creek, Santa Cruz.. t7.89p
t2.lßpNewark, Centervlllc, Ban Jose,
New Almnden; Lob Gatos", Felton, ;"" '
':'\u25a0.\u25a0: \u25a0-.-.- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.65 a
4.lspXpwarlc, San Jose, Los Gatos,
. • .---Wrljtnt.iv.:.'.. +B.BBA
4.1 6p Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz 68 Bsa
COAST LINE («r0i..l ».»..» e).
t3y~(Tblrd and Tawnsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and lV«y Stations 8.30P
t7.00A San Jose and Way 8 tat ton » 6 40p
.7.1 6a Monterey, Santa Cruz .Excursion.
(Sunday only) : 10.10P
BJ)OAKew Almaden (Tues., Frl.J only).. ' 4-lOp^
8-OOATbe Coaster— Ban Jose. Salinas,' - ,
\u25a0^ t \u25a0- .-San- ArdQ)' Paso . Robles, \u25a0 Santa .
" ;. ;Mar gar Ita. San. Luis Obispo,
' • '\u25a0 Gnadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar- -
'.-\u25a0; i"." bara, San Buenaventura. Oxnard, ' ,
- - . - Burbank, Loa Angeles 10-30P
" B.ooa Gllroy, Uollleter, CastroTllle, Del .
Monte,- Paclßc Grove/ Surf,-
L0mp0c..:.....;: — ............. ' 10-30p
9.ooa San Jose. Tres Finos. Watsonvllle,
Capitola, Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo
• and Principal Way Stations . : . . . 4.1 OP
tBooALoi Gatos; Wright. Boulder Creek.
. Tla Santa • Clara and Narrow
Gauge t7-40p
10.30ASan Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 1 .20p
11.30 a San Jose and Way Stations. .'. .."...'. 7.40P
2.1 Bp San Jose and Way Stations 8.36 a
tS-OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara, /
San Jose, Watsonvllle, Santa
'*\u25a0"--\u25a0• Cru*, Del Monte, Monterey-
I . Pacific Grore :.:..-....:...-.:. t12.18P
t3.OOPLos Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek,
_ \u25a0 Santa Cruz, Tla Santa Clara and *
' "• ' Narrow Gauge.. ....:..'. '1045 a
8-30pSouth : San ' Francisco," San .Jose,
Gllroy. Holllster, .Tres - Plnos,
"Watsonrllle, Capitola.SantaCruz,
"Salinas, Monterey, Pacific Grove. 10.46 a
4.3opSan Jose and Way Stations... T7.66A
tBOOPSanta Clara, San Jose, Lus Gatos,
. • ." \u25a0 Wright +9.00 A
{5.30P San Jo»e and Principal Way Stations - 19.40 a
6-4&P Sunset Express— R edwo o d, • San
\u25a0 - -. Jose;- G l l roj; Salinas, Paso - -
Robles, San Lull • Oblspo, Santa \u25a0
Barbara," Los Angeles, Demlng, ••\u25a0- :i
: El Paso, New 0r1ean5. ..;;....;.. 9.10 a
8.48pE1 Paso, Kansas "City, St. Louts, . .
Chicag0................ 10-30P
s.4spPajnro, Watsonvllle; Capltota, -
Santa Cruz. C»strovlne, DeH JTO.IOP
'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 . Monte, Pacific Grove f t10.30p
fB.IBpSan Mateo,- Beresford, Belmont,'- ,
Ban Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo A1U>.. ........ +G.4BA
6.3opSan Joao and Way 5tati0n5......... 6.36 a
B.OOPPaIo Alto and Way btstlons ....... 10.15 a
1 1.30PSouth San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
Ilngame, San Mateo, Belmont, '\u25a0 •
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,*. - - >
Menlo Park and Palo Alto ....... 9.45p
11.50pSaturday» only for Mayneld, Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jose ........ 19.45 p
OAKLAND HARBOR C¥RRY
. - (Foot of Market St.) • ;
t7.18 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
\u25a0 . , \u25a0-.: \u25a0 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5. 18 p.m.
- A for Morning. -•• P -for Afternoon.
. - tSunday excepted. tSunday only. •
iMondayonly. - -. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0 • <;ji
• <Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday. • \u25a0
MIL JIM. mWIJLJWIJI^*^^^ '
HCIiICAGO^iN 3 DAYSi
1 " Leaves Mondays " and - Thursdays at H
Mj 0:30 a. m. with Dlncr3.a.nd -Slccperf. El
Other Santa FelTralnaiv^
6 : W P*. Nt 1 Fo . r r Stockton. " ffrwrno. : - Bakersfleld.
U-SOa. pi.J ; ; Merced.; Hanford and Vlsalia. \u25a0•
4 :oa p. m." For ' Stockton. \t ;V," :•\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0•-.. ;
7:30 a." m. J Direct ;,: connection for Yosemite
9:80 aJ:ni: 111 1 "'Valley and the 3lg Trees. -,- •
U:aO tu-ta: (i( i For "*- Kar.saa \u25a0- City, :; Grand Canyon
8:00 D.m.;;. and .Chicago. : . \u25a0 -^ :'\u25a0-
8:33 a. m. !l For Oaidal* and point* on Blerra
\u25a0 \u25a0-.-;. : \u25a0.-.--* I" Railway. 1 ;.'; .' :\u25a0.>.-<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. --r -• -...- \u25a0-.-;, -.
Ticket Offices — 653 Market "st." and Ferry Depot,
..--\u25a0• San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, ."Oak-"
"land: rCaf.:'. alio j^T^South^Flrst.''" Ban ? Jose.i
Prints .daily^-not orUy. more *npws lbut'mpr^r^^bK.and^ • . . .'1 i .
Dv ". n S e .( se s so n-»tvwil^tiavettpr'tt^ its conternporariea. It will be.
therefore, the most valuable^medium . for advertising^ Summer Resort attraction's.- It will be found on file at the resorts and will be sent by mail to
any addressfpr: 20 cents per week < cr > 75' : cehts ;per ..month." \u25a0 : . ' . - "'\u25a0>.- \u25a0 .
:^: Don't forget. to order The Call before leaving for.your summer outing. ------ - -^ •-- r.,^-^;
Health and 'pleasure', resort' ls r now open ito ;
guests, und«r same management which made*
this famous resort 'so. popular "last year. \u25a0\u25a0 The
hotel, cottages. - bathhouses i and grounds '" are ;
lighted by electricity; a new dancing' pavilion
has been erected and good music. will be fur-
nished for dancing. Several new cottages have
been erected to accommodate the Increased
demand for rooms; also a tennis court has
been built for lovera of thatsrort.
Our best advertisement Is our table, which
cannot be surpassed. We have our own dairy,
hence we have plenty of. fresh milk and cream.
Rates are $12,. 514 and $16 pcr \u25a0 week; bath
free to regular weekly guests. . i \u0084. i( \u0084.
; Postof flee and lone distance telephone in
hotel. For further "particulars and booklet ad-
dres?g R. H. CURRY, proprietor, or PECK'S
BUREAU, lrhfontgomery .Bil ' , "-' ,'*";.'""; ;
' TUB ORIGIXAL ; • . :
WHITE: SULPHUR SPRINGS,
ST. HELENA, NAPA CO.
renovated and refurnished. Mod-
erate rates. Reduction for families.
IVew Bath Houses .
Finest sulphur water in the State. Table
and service the best. Under the management
of MR. and MP.9. JOHN SANDFORD.
LAURECDELL. ,;
kinds of Mineral : 'Water '» and 'Baths';";
Bowling- Alleys, Croquet;' Marine Toboggan.-
Livery; -the best of Orchestras, ander the man-
agement of Dr. Monroe^ Cailender; first-cfass'
rable; Dining-room • seating -800.--'--v— i!
EDGAR DURNAN, Proprietor. Lau-'
rel Dell. r>ake County, Cal. ialsb. proprietor Lai
Trianon Hotel), or Peck's. 11 Montgomery st,;
IJOWEtL MT M WaODWORTFS SftaeJ
Nti fog. Purest spring water. Climate. naturaif
tonic and" lnvlgorator. Residence 30 years. - $"j
per week. \u25a0 Woodworth" & •Muller.St.Helena.Cal.i
"\u25a0• RAILWAY TRATOL.^ \u25a0 ' J"' \
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESf ERNiRY.;eO-|
Tlburon Ferry. Foot «f Market Street* ")
,-SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN IFIAFAEL. I
WEEK DAYS— T'.3a,j B:OO, 9:00, 11:00 a.i=ln.j
12:35, 2:30, 4:00, 6:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
\u25a0p.-.m/ -.-' : < \u25a0:•'-\u25a0•";\u25a0'.: . ' ; ;. ; . -:~*~i'
Saturdays — Ertra trip at. 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00,. G:00, : 9:80. 11:00 a. m.;
•l:30; 2:30. 3:40. 8U0L'B:30. : 7:25,11:30; rC m-
SAN. RAFAEL, TO" SAN FRANCISCO. <
W.EKK..DAY&^-6:05,» 6:50.. 7:35.:. 7^50, 8:20..
fl:?0, 11:15 a. nu: 12:50, t2:0O, 3:40, 6:00^
6:20. 8:25, , • 6:2%,-p^-m. Saturdaye^ — Extra
' trip at 1:45 p. m. " -;,^ .- \u25a0 -". t: :"(
SUNDAYS^6:&O, 7i«5.- 5if10, .0:20. -11:15 a. ; m.;
1:45, 3:40, 4:50, 6:00, 6:20, 6:25.- 6:26; 7cfiO, v
: 7^58 p. m. tExceot Saturdaya. \u25a0\u25a0;-\u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0 ;.•""*\u25a0 |
' L*ave " I "In Effect I \u25a0 Arrive .. .
San Fran. | May 1. .1905. | , San Fran.- \u25a0
Week I Sun-J,'' Destina-' ,"J SUn-J Week'
Days, f days.' I \u25a0'\u25a0'' V'tlon. \u25a0" ' ,| days.il Days. .
"7:3o'a ' ' 7:45 a 7i4&a
7:30 a 8:00 a -. -. . 8:40 a a:4oa
. ' - .',' •• \u25a0 ' 9:10 a -9:10 a
8:00 a a:3o.a £ Ixnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:3Qp ;; ,"< 6:00 p. 6:20 p
4:00 p ... .... .
5:10p 5:10p ,} . 6:20p'7:20p
7:20 p • ,
_^ .... 8:50 p \u0084. -
7:3oa| 7rfSoa| \u25a0 Napa. "• ; I 9:10-al-9:10 a
,4:oop| 6:lop| \u25a0\u25a0>>\u25a0\u25a0 |6:20p|6:20p
7:B0a 7:SOa .... 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a B.ooa . Novato. ~. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
; 5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
. 5:10 p-'. Eanta Rosa. "B:6o*p ' -
7:30 a 7:30 a •• - 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a -Fulton. 7:20 p 6:20 p
2:30 p -2:30 p -\u25a0 ' \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 8:50 p 7:20 p
. . - .Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
. • -Lyttbn.. ;
2 :30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:20 p 7:20 p
\u25a0 Cloverdale, ; .
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| " and Uklah. | 7:20 pj -7:20 p
~~1 \u25a0 \ Willlts, • I I •.•\u25a0\u25a0'"
.7:30 a|. 7:30 a| Sherwood. [7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a;
2:30 pi 2:3O»pJ Cam;. Vacation. | 8:50 p] 6:20 p
S-OOai 6:00 a ! 8:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 pj O-SOa Bor.cma,' 6:00 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8 : 50 p\u25a0 v •
7:SOa 7:30 a ' 10:20al0:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p Sebastopol. 7:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p \u25a0-.-\u25a0\u25a0•• \u25a0 ,
STAGES connect at: Santa. Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark , West Springs: at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs:, at Geyaeryille for Sfcaggs
Spring*; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. .Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for, Duncan
Springs. Highland Springß. Kelßeyvllle. Carla-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprings; at Uknah for _ Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, . Blue Lakes. Laurel . Dell . Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. . Porno. Potter Valle";
John Day's. Lierley's, Hullviiie, . Orr-s Hot
Springs. Hal£way_Hou Se Comptche. Hopkm*.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. H eatport, . Usal •
at Willlts for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
tor Westport/Cahto. Covelo. Laytonviiie, Cum-
mins. 1 Beir«' Springe, Harris, Olseris. Dyer
Garberville. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia and
Eureka .'-'\u25a0'"*. ' .' - . '- - \u25a0
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at; re^-
fluced rates.. ". \u25a0 , \u0084" " "" •
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •. •
- Ticket office, 650 . Market street. Chronicle
biiildiroj. . :; . ', . " ' '"\u25a0 ' ' -:
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pasa Agt.
aTo SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY, '
MILL VALLEY; >
aZADERO, Etc.
.Via Sausallto Ferry
suburbakTservice. standard gauge.
Depart week daya'at 7:00. 7:45, 8:25, 9:10,
9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20,^1*45, -.3:16.'^4:35;'. 6:15.
6:50 6:30, 7:15. 9:00, 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. : \u25a0
Depart Sundays and holiday* at 7:15,^7:45,
8 15 B^s. 0:15. 9:45, 10:15, 10:45,111:15 11 :«
a m- 12:15, 12:45.' 1:15. 1:41 V; 2:15. 2:45, 1 3:15.
3:45, 4:15, 4:46,. 6:10, 5:45. 6:15. 6:45, .7.-15.
(7:45, S:l5 for- Sausalito only), -9:00. 10:15.
For Fairfax week days— 7:4s- a. : tn.» »:ia
d. m., 5:13 p. m. Sundays and holidays —
7-45 8:45. 8:13.; 10:15.: 11; 45 a..m...1:15 p.- m."
..... THROUGH > TRAINS. V 1V 1 \u25a0-•";.'
,7:45 a. m. daUy-rCaaadero'aiid'way- st'atlona.
9:15 v a., -m.- Sundays *nd - HoUdaya—Polnt.
8* 15 ip. "m. daily (except Sunday)— Fo r' Ciia-
dtro, etc. - v •':\u25a0< • •"-' " V ' ' -*•"">-' . -
1 \u25a0 5 : 15 , p. m. \u25a0 dally (except Sunday) — For ; Point
Reyes, etc. . ' - -\u25a0".•\u25a0\u25a0'••\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 .;-,..
I 8:15 'p. m. Sundaya. and. Holidays: for Casa-
> TICKET OFFICE— -650JHarket •ti*:'«--Vv?
• FERRY — Union-Depot, foot of." Market. st.'.
IVIT.TAMALPAiS ; f?AIi.WAY
Lt. Sin fraacisco j rfdjj&jjklf^ * r - S»ri Francisco
Vic.l)tjBi'Btfldtyi ffij(3SES-^ 'SaadtTs Wk. P*y»
7:4SaKS§9HH§ 11:32 a 10:45a-
9:50a 8:45 a IS^SißtSy l:02p 2:55p .
1:45p 1015 a *:3«P 6:2«p
,SaturdJij* 12:4 sp^--''^BE^" 5:02p Utaxdij"
Oaly »:15p US»I-^r»oM««|e:B3p '*: Only v-f
4:35p -3:4Bp| M'BuniU| Ti«l 8;32p TtiSSp
TIOUST I 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad!) j
| o»nc£3 1 and Sausauto FERav.Foot Market S* %
u*;,"/ I'v.jTpjicn^/is' a "goodly;
<f ; . sized concrete swim-
'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0mflig tank at
AETNA SPRINGS
— full of warm* mineral
. water. \u25a0 v; .^ ; - ??\u25a0
Send for booklet. Aetna
Springs' Co.," Napa Co., Cal. '-'
HOTEL VENDOME
IT'B *S EASY TO CO TO SAN JOSE
AS TO TAKE A TWIP ACROSS THE BAY *
One hour," *5 minutes by S. P.
Summer days are delightful at the Hotel Ven-
dome. .. .The official report of average daily .
•temperature is as follows: June, 70 0 ; July,
-77 1 *i.'August, : '69 o ;'Se.pteml>er,7i o . . ; !'
.--,.- Famous Vendome Swimming Baths.. • . s ,
Indoor and Outdoor Games. '\u25a0'-.. \u25a0
Linda Vista Golf Links \u25a0\u25a0
. \Vorl4-known Lick'Obaerratory ." ,
You can tee California at her best by Visit-
Ing the Hotel Vendome, San Jose. ;
• J. T. BROOKS, Man.ocii
OW M f*nCl HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
,\if Ml7iliNM 17 il iN COUNTY; only 41^ hours
UllnvVV from* San Francisco and
\u25a0 n 1 — — — m but. nine miles staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot' mineral water bath In State: boa.ting and
6Wimming in Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally, mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers:- FIRST-CLASS HOTEL, . AJND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only ( 5 60. Take
Tiburcm- ferry daily at 7:30 a. m.-or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or (12 a week.' References, any
guest of the past nine' years. Patronage of
1904 unprecedented . Information at PECK'S
INFORMATION BUREAU/- 11 Montgomery et.,
Bryan's Bureau, 30 Montgomery et.. or of J. F:
MULOREWr Bkiggi..tM;-r'i..: f?.:s--; >
ElGaimelo^Sea
'{* LITTLE DEL MONTE ** ) - .'. ,
t% the place to take yoHr family for a quiet vacation
autlng." Flshlttr, swimming, Rplf and- all sports.
lajw rates. Address: GEORGE H. CORD"\ , Man-
ager : Hotel El Carmelo, Pacltto Grove, California.
THE LOCATION AND CLIMATE 'AT :<j
QEIGLED
springsla
Are so beautiful- that SO guests are now sleep-
ing, out in the. open. ; Natural hot baths and
wonderful' stomach waters. Swimming pond.
Rates $10 . and 512 per we«k. Baths free.
Booklets at PECK'S. H Montgomery, or H. H.
HcGOWAN. Seigler.. Lake Co.. Cal. .
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
. lake: county, : ..
The new management has made . many \u25a0 Im-
provements; .new swimming tank, porcelain
bathtub* patent sanitary plumbing; Installed
new features for the amusement and comfort of
guests; billiards, bowling, tennis, croquet, - llv- ,
cry, hunting, fishing, golf links and excursions
to Clsar Lake: and other resorts. \u25a0 • • \u25a0
Information at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery St.,
or W. V.. BRTAN. 30 Montgomery St.. or ad-
dress R. ROBERTSON, lessee and manager.
Boating," Bathing and all other amujK^nti
free. Hot and cold «ulphur baths. White sul-
phur springs, . ' Send for pamphlet. " 0. WEIS-
MAN. .Mtdlake' P. O..Lake County. Cal.; or
call on DR. HAPPKRSBERGER, 1104 Market
et.. S. F. < , ,
;- L>- A ICE S \u25a0; ; -
BYRON -
AJtfEniCA'S GREATEST SPA — Any one
ca.n afford to go to Byron Hot Springs. Sump-
tuous hotel; wonderful waters.- Booklet, week-
. end excursions." everything paid. $7 50. Byron
Hot Springs P. O. \u25a0 . " ." ' /
H.'a R. R. ?i TOCALpMA-'; Ifwin Co.
Bert rand Hotel; * first-class accommodations;
special rates for-famlHes and parties; fishing,
hunting, boating, tmthing; beautiful drives to
Bear, -Valley; •- telephone." JOSEPH F. -BER-
TRAND. or: North Shore Ry. office. "6so: Mar-
\u25a0 kct-st.. every Thursday. 2:to 4p. m. .-. .
SARATOGA SPRINGS
• - 15 .different' mineral springs; cure for" all.
Information. at Peck's Bureau. \u25a0 11 Montgomery
et., or,atJ. .MARTEN'S, Bachelor P. 0., Lake
\u25a0Co.unty .'..'\u25a0 Cal. , \u25a0-\u25a0. ..'-' \u0084.- '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0' . '
app»\ And Cottaces.- Extensive grounds
UvLHIi overlooking bathing beach. Perfeat
Vis'i "• '* sanitation.".-. " New dlning-hall and
VILLA other Improvements. <•--. High-class
'«-..-. eervlce. New efficient managemenL
HrtTFI OCEAN VILLA CO.; :
nUILt. > . - \u25a0• Santa Cruz.. Cal.
ROWaRDEIMINAN
SANTA CRUZ; MOUNTAINS. .
Reservations.. may be made upon application to
'\u25a0WM.'-O.' DODGE, - Lessee, ' Ben Lomond. :Cal.
' j \/ichiy srr iiNGS > ": •
: Three miles from Uklah, - Mendoclno County.
Natural -electric , champagne baths;
i lovely grounds; -fishing • and hunting; crystal
spring*; accommodations -and -table, erst class.
J.-A. REDEMEYER. proprietor.- '-\u25a0•-. ..
.-'.- : - GLENRBOOK RESORT^: .'-.
'8000 ft. above "sea level. ; Trout n»hln». No
upstairs. - T«nt«j-«n .board \u25a0 floors. .Good bed*:
t§ per.- week, board and r lodging. Rates for "
rooms SlO and $l 2 per .week. ; TREDWAY &
BASSETT. - -Proprietors. * Glenbrook., Cal. -\u0084 ..,.
.\KlariiatH Hot Springs.
.." Flehlrig'-^ hunting "and "health resort. Lea re
train atAger.VApply.to Peck's TourUt Bureau.
1.1 "'.- Montgomery r St.; S. > F.; ;.or . to/: EDSON
8R05... Bes wick. , Stskjyou, County, for booklet.
HOTEL BELVEDERE.; v- V
C . Thirty .^ minutes*.- fide -. (Tlburon » ferry)/'" NO
FOG." NO WINDS." 'NEW ANNEX of 25 room*.'
For i particulars address \u25a0 J." W. - ALLEN.". iIgr..
or Peck' s Tourists!. 'Bureau-' Co..t 11 ; Montgomery
• st. *> Write! for r ne\» : booklet. .' ; . ,- Z : : y.;.; ..." , :
\u25a0; : '4 OKANGE > CITY ? STABLKS— Special
" rates i to -Irummers, - hotel - in "connection.- -Stag*
:to G«ysers. JOHN' JUNE. " Pr.; ClOT«rdal«. Cat
CALiENip
SPRINGS
For rest, health and pleasure, scenery and
climate. The nearest hot. sulphur springs, to
Ean Francisco; sure cure for asthma, rheuma-
tism, malaria, kidney, liver and stomach com-
plaints. Hot plunges, tub baths and .the
largest, mineral water swimming tank. In the
State: all baths free to guests:, trained mas-
seurs and ., swimming teacher, iNo staging.
Rates. $12 to $14 per week: special to fam-
ilies.. THEO- RICHARDS. Aqua Caliante. So-
noma County, Cal.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11
Montgomery -st. . '.\u25a0 • r - \u25a0 \u25a0. -. . . . ; .
PARAISO SPRINGS;
»lO?fTERKY COUXTY.
Hot ' Soda and Sulphur Tub and Plunge
Baths. Pronounced the best mineral
springs In the State. Expert Masseurs.
AH Amusements. Fine Hunting and Fish-
ing.. Excellent table and service. Alti-
tude 1400 .'feet. Invigorating climate.
Stage rceets train from San Francisco at
- Soledad. Information and booklets from
Bryan's Information Bureau, 30 Montgom-
ery st.; Peck's.. 11 Montgomery st.. or ot
F. E. ROMIE. MANAGER.
\u25a0 ...NEW...
SEA BEACH HOTEL
SANTA CkUZ
CALIFORNIA'S FINEST SEASIDE RESORT.
Larsreat and Bent Equipped Bathing; Pa-
\u25a0\u25a0'. vlllon on the Pacific Slope.
Best Beach on the Coast.
New Dining-room: Steam Heat; Elevator
Service; attractive new lobby. \' -.""-
Fine Tennis Court; good Boating, Bathing
and Fishing: beautiful Drives; said Orchestra.
.HOTEL ST. GEORGE under the same man-
agement. J. J. C LEONARD, Prop.
OLEMA 'I I
; HOTEL
'Write for Booklet. Nelson Hotel Co.,
Inci 'Proprietors. Olema, Marln Co., CaL
The : New Swimming Tank, the Largest and
\u25a0 Best in Lake County, is Finished..
ADAMS
SFRiNGS
Have cured more people of stomach, liver and
kidney diseases than all the springs in- Cali-
fornia combined. Why experiment? Excellent
trout fishing. Send for Book of Testimonials.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor. :
HOITTS MENLO PABK
A quiet summer resting place amid charming
surroundings, with perfect clrmate. The table
lt first class: CO acres playground. Comfort,
recreation, society. As a preparatory, school
Hoitt'a cannot be surpassed. Circular on re-
gue>t. W. J. MEREDITH. Menlo Park.
Napa Soda Springs
"Now open." The most' beautiful mountain
health and pleasure resort... Call Peck' a, 11
Montgomery st.. or. address John Jacobs. Prop.
.1 , ;WILSON'S INN
\u25a0In the mountains, 12 miles from Napa, ele-
vetion 1900 feet: home, place: pure air and
water: - own-, milk, cream, fruit, vegetables;
SS to $11 per week. Folders at Peck's. 11 Mont-
ARNO. H. WILSON. Atlas. Napa Co.. CaL
OWN -SUMMER HOME IN CAMP MEEKER
MOUNTAINS OF SONOMA CO.
Equable climate; lots $10 up: cottages built
$50 up; stores, hotels, poet and phone: 1200 lots
sold; 400 cottages built; San Francisco Agents.
ROWLEY A PACKARD, -323 Montgomery sf.
or M. C. MEEKER, Sonoma County.
Vsv'/w. V««. r nfl • The Ideal spot for
KeeP I OUr fcye summer outins. Fur-
* ..* nished houses to rent
a na in ii ta *>y the j. j. • mor-
On PALO ALTOgg gg^ngp.
TAHOE TAVERN, LAKE TAHOE.
FRANK' W. RICHARDSON. Manager.
-American' plan only. * Rates |3 per day up.-
Stopoven allowed at' Truckee on all overland
railroad and Pullman tickets. • • \u25a0-';••:
/LAKE TAHOR; \u25a0
Tenting ' on the beach ' at Lakeside Park.
Furnished tents on platforms for camping. In
rrove near Str. pier; boats. " livery, groceries
and supplies. 'Address E.B. SMITH & CO..
Statellne. CaL .-\u25a0\u25a0••- .?-.••\u25a0\u25a0
" '• THE OROVB.
Lake .Tahoe.' -half mil* east of Tallac. on lake
shore.- Excellent table board, with nice outside
rooms. Rates $2 per day or $10 per week, with
good livery and saddle horses.' Boats free to
all guests. J. .E., PARMETER. proprietor.
Tallac P. P.. . Cal. ....--\u25a0
. DEER PARK VIXX and cottages, six
miles from Lake Tahoe. Ideal place (oz rest.
Elevation 6507. Mineral springs. •- loformatlon
at office Bryan's Inf. Bureau.. SO Montgomery
st., or booklet. J.B.BCOTT.' Deer Park Ina.
Lake Tahoe. . Cal. -",..'•\u25a0---\u25a0 \u0084
' WUITJiKY. HOUSE,! "?.
Trucke*. Cal. Tha leading hotel. : Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. . Summer
and winter resort. Meal station for passengers.'
Stags for Lakes Independence and Webber.
Campbell Hot Springs and SlerravlUe. -" .-\u25a0- - \u25a0.
, - " STEWART M'KAY, Proprietor.
REDWOOD RETREAT- Built among
beautiful groves.^ The flneat location tnSanta.
Crux Mil. • Cream ' and fruit in -- abundance.'
Home cooking. Swimming tank- . and' other t
amusements. Rates ST and 9S per week." Book-
let at Peck's Bureau or mailed. Phone cr ad-
dreas " R. F. - W ARH AM. GUroy. . CaL <R. V.
Di.;2B.)" ' .-\u25a0:. ' ---' : :\u25a0'-:\u25a0\u25a0,-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 '• \u25a0\u25a0 - >.-. \u25a0• -
RIVERSIDE HOTEL AND COTTAGES
—Near beach; 30 acres ; beautiful grounds; ape.
cial ratea -to families; write for booklet. T. • |
BARSON." Proprietor, - Santa Crua. " x \u25a0>\u25a0 • \u25a0>. I
CAPITOLA
Opened
Under Management of
, Albert Bettens
Capitola ts now connected with Santa
Crux by electric R. R. For hotet> accom-
rcodat ioas address California j Hotel. Saa
Francisco: Hotel St. Jamex San Jose, or
Capitola. For cottaxes or tent grouada
address FRANK READIER. Capltola.
The Tucker Portable Cottege.;
•Horn* eamforta, sanitary, hygienic, cheap.
Take your outins; in one. Lasts lifetime. Book-
let free. ;A. C. RCLOFSON CO.. 83 New :
Montgomery et. \u25a0 >
TENTS^s : ;
ALL KINDS AND SIZES
MANUFACTURED
W.A.PLUMMER, 1 1 lQaySt.
Telephone .Main 349
WILLIAMS & BARTLETT SPRINGS^
-. - STAGE LINE
Leaves William's dally on arrival of northbound
train for Bartlett. Allen's. Hougb'a and Cook's -
Springs.. Dally except Sunday for. Wilbur
Springs and Sulphur Creek.
".. .WILLIAM QUIGLEY. Proprietor. ',
I.ArvKPOUTA.\I> BARTLETT SPRINGS
STACK . LI.VC — Hopland to Bartlett
Springs, via Lakeport, carrying passenger* for .
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect -
with trains at- Hopland. Leav« Hopland at.'-
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive a:
BarUett Springs at 7:ao. New tf-horse 11-pai- ,
scnger . tourist wagons, with all the most mort-
em improvements. Passengers for Lakeport or -
Bartlett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett ,
Eprings Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased .
at office of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Market .
at., or at Tiburon ferry. t
MILLER A HOWARD. Propa '*
DR. C. C. O*DO?TVELL'S RANCH, at-
pretty Glen Ellen; 70 furnished and*,
partially furnished cottages, cabins.*
tents and outfits to rent, from $10 up.
Round-trip tickets by the California-
Northwestern and Southern Pacific R.*
R.s, 51. 50; Catholic and Congrega**
tional churches. Riverside Hotel. min-~
eral springs on the ranch.. fishing. cli-V
mate unsurpassed. Apply to DR. C C: *
O"LX)NNELX. 1021% Market St.. bet.:
6th and 7th Sts. Phone South 622. *
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS. VaUeJo.-
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Franclt:o; •;
round trip. 75c; telephone connection: only S»j
hours' ride; 5 mile* from Vallejo; hot. call
and plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures oC
rheumatism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver
and stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and
lake for boating and bathing. Dancing pavil. ,,
ion. bawling alley and shuffieboard. Rates.
$10 a week including baths. Address MAN
UEL MADRID. VaUeJo. CaL -.3
SOLID COMFORT HOME. '- *
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no'
fog; climate delightful; telephone connection; ;
view unsurpassed: hot and- cold baths; spring '
water; cement swimming tank. 40xS0. Rates *\u25a0
$7 weele up; staga- meets train;. SCHULER & -
SCHEBEX. Xapa. Cal.- ..naiic. til ' - *
JIT. VIEW KA.\CH HOTEL
And cottages in th* mountains . near Santa
Cruz. Flret-clasa table; gaa; bath; phona; club- '
room; dancing pavilion; swimming. . tank:.,
bowling; croquet; rates Id up. Round trip.,
tickets to Glenwood (4 25. including carriage.
" TONY PHILLIPS. Santa Crua. •
CAMP TAYLOR .RESORT —In tha"
Redwoods Of Marln Co.. 1H hours from Saa
Francisco. • Good accommodations. Cottaga*
and camp grounds. Boating, .swimmlnz ana
bowling. Rates, $10 to Jl4 per week; 12 to J
$2 SO per day. For particulars writ* ADAM
BREHM. Prop.. Camp Taylor. CaL - \u25a0\u25a0;
RICHARDSON SPRINGS — In the fott-^
hills of tne Sierras. 10 miles from Chico. No
grade no dust." Famous for the cur* of rheu."",
matistn. gout, scrofula, stomach, liver and;:,
kidney diseases. >**w bath bouses, porcelain
tub?; trout fishing; telephone: stage from Chico
dally. J.H. RICHARDSON. Chico. Cal.
SIENDEXHALL SPRINGS— -Elevation, j.
1730 ft. : nearest springs to San Francisco; wa. a
ter unsurpassed for kidney and liver troubles;*
plenty of milk, cream, butter and eggs; $10 per-.
wk.; furnished houaekp?. cottages to let; camp- .
ins and pasture; sta<? leaves Llvermor* Tues.. .
Thur..Sat..ll a.m. THOS.F.iCELLY.Lrvermore.*
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas la the redwoods: boat-
ing bathing fishing and other amusements;,
good table: tents. Only 3Vi hours from-Sa.i;
Francisco via the California Northwestern Ry.
Eecura accommodations. Address C B. Cnopius.'
Camp Vacation, Vacation P. P.. Sonoma Co-.C**.. 7
WILLOW RANCH— Delightfully lo-
cated* in 'redwoods 5 miles from Santa Crua.
Spring water, fruit, milk. " excellent ' table;^
dally meal; tree conveyance: $7 week; ghona "
Suburban 87. MRS. 'W.' CRANDELL. ' Sanfc* ,
Crua. CaL • '\u25a0 '\u25a0' '\u25a0 \u25a0 ~
UNION HOTEL, Sonoma, CaL — Xcw 4
management: th« .le»dlng . hotel: flrst-class:
electric lights; rates for. cummer boarders. $7 ->
per week;, special to families: bua to Hoc
Springs. H. W. GOTTENBERO. Prop. % -*.. r
WEEKLY CALL
! — . H
16 Pages. $1 per Year
1112
IMPERSONAL PUBLICITY IS SOMETIMES DESIRABLE. YOU CAN
THB^CfrbL
JOHN* D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXACGIIT Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
~~~~ TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You isn.
Publication Office Market ana Third, S. F.
Editorial R00m5... .217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 CU. Per 7C
Cta, Per Month. Single Copies B
Terms by Mali. Including Postage (Cash witn
Ordert : <c nn
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 IW-'J'S
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 m 05.... « ; w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „'£.
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Yea; TXX
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Yes*r V.Wxtra
FOREIGN f D^ly .^S .6o Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. l^wS > .xiolST SS _g«
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHOBIZfc"
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Casple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Mall subscribers la ordering Chan** «*«^
ires* ehould be particular to S lve . bo^.u r T a
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to » n * u ™ *
prompt end correct compliance with ««ir r=
«ucst.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XCI 6 Broadway * Telephone Main ivoo
ALAMEDA OFFICE » .„„.
USA Park Street. Near Santa CUr* Avenue.
Phone Alameda 859.
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
tliS Center Street Telephone Nortn ««
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JAMES S. TYLER Post Bulldln*
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bre lll^. o '.™^,
Ction touare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fllth-a^eaue
Betel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Gre"
Kcrtfaern Hotel: Trcmont House; Auditorium
Eoul; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE!
C GEORGE KROGNEES. Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2t>l». I
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
•STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildls*
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CalL
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
£06 Montgomery aye.- open until 9 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63:« McAllister etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
tls Larkin etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
IWI Mission etreet: open until 10 p. xn.
}i>6 Eleventh etreet; open until 8 p. xn.
1C96 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. xn.
tVcrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cren until 9 D. m.
S2OO Fillmore street; open until 8 p. xn.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOAVN
FOR THE SU3I3IER.
CALL subscribers contemplating: a
change of residence during; the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify-
ing THE CALL Bcslness Office. This
paper trill ..lso be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is tepresented by a local
\u25a0cent In all town* on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
SiOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACD7IC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting of the stockholders
cf the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will be held at the office or .the company, in
room 1216. In the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of San
Francisco, in the State cf California, the
came being the principal place of business
of eaid corporation, and being the building
where the board of directors of eald corpora- ,
tltm usually meet, on the 2Sth day of August.
I&US, at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
cider ana act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital etock of said
corporation to one hundred and Elxty million
collars <$ieO,CO0.OO0), and Tor that purpose to
amend article VI of the articles of incorpora-
uon and consolidation of the company to
lead as follows:
"The amount of the capital stock of said
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
million dollars ($160,000,000), divided into
cne million six hundred thousand (1.600,000)
thares of the par value or one hundred dol-
lars (sloo> each, which said amount of capi-
tal etock does not exceed the amount actually
required for the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and U the amount actually required
end ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, end is co estimated by
competent engineers, as will appear by the
written estimate of such engineers, duly
signed by them, and filed in the office and
X-rincipal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of article
XII of the eaid articles to. read as follows:
"The number of dli<ectorE of said con-
solidated corporation thall be eleven (11)
and the amount of the capital stock of said
corporation shall be one hundred and eixty
million dollars <$1CO,000.000). which eaid
amount of capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, and ia the amount actually re-
«.ulre^J and ascertained t 0 be necessary for
obstructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its road, and is co
estimated by competent engineers, as will
appear by the aforesaid written estimate of
tald engineers, duly signed by them and on
file as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation shall be divided Into one million
cix hundred thousand (1.600.000/ ehare=
cj the par value of one hundred dollars
<$100) each, of which eaid shares of said
capital ttock the following have been sub-
scribed by_;and allotted to the stockholders
«f eaTO tc^siltuent corporations, as herein-
after «et forth, to wit:"
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated, organized and existins-
I Ufi<ier the laws of the State of California;
and to Its shareholders, one million and
fourteen thousand two hundred and forty-one
and eixty oce-hundredths (1,014,211 60-100)
"To the. Southern Tacific Railroad Com-
r»ny. Incorporated, organized and existing
(under the law, of the Territory of Artlona!
and to its Ftockholders, one hundred anj
%£s£*s££??* «*»*«*«« and' nSy
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of New Mexico, incorporated, organized
ar,d existing under th* laws o f the Tirrttory
cf .New Mexico and to its stockholders
eixty-elght thousand eight hundred ami
eighty-eight (C6..SSS) shares." nunarM an a
"The several stockholders of each of mm
ccr.stituer.t corporations shall havelj«u,d »
them by the said consolidated corporation
j;ald up shares of the capital stock nfh.
consolidated corporation out of tne shares
thereof F ubscrlbcd by and allotted to »h»
stockholders of their respective constituent
corporations to the like amount dollar for
dollar, at their par value with the par value
\u0084f the Eharee held by such stockholders in
thnr respective constituent corpo-atlnnn ••
Thereafter and secondly, to create h. bond
ti indebtedness of said corporation to the
amount in the aggregate of one hundred »nH
sixty minion dollars <$1CO,000,000) to ?%%
coin of the United States (a portion 'or which
Is to be used In retiring existing bonded In
debtednes*). and to increase the bonrt^t iS
debtednet-s of Eald corporation up ,„ - .?!
amount in the aggregate or one hundred »rM
fixty million dollars mco.000,000) T [„ fift
coin of the United States, and tcTsecuV. ?l
said proposed bonded indebtedness hv»
.mortgage upon the railroads, franchises i arS
property of the compaay now oonw nt -d or he 7*
after acquired, and the Income thereof or
mch part thereof as may be prescribed in
the racrtgage: and to determine the form an!!
terms of paid bonds and mortgage an* .
authorize the Board of Directors totiv* .V?
euch action as they may deem necea««rt «
eipedie nt in the premises. "pessary or
Dated the 28th day of June, i»O5.
By order of the Board of Dfrector*
J. L. WILLCUTT
Secretary of the Southern Pacific R»iiV n .*
Company. «»uroaa
N. T. SMITH.
E. E. CALVix
WILLIAM HOOD
Directors of eald Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. v
ANNUAL MEETING— The Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works^ — The annual meeting o t
the rtockboldTE of the Rlsdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and . the transaction of
tuch o'her business as may be brought before
th* meeting will be held at the office of the
foropany. 298 Steuart Bt., San Francisco, oa
MONDAY, the 7th day of August, 1905, at
•1 tfclock a. m. AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
kixjtisn:
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge of Perfection .«i»
No. L and Chapter of Rose Crolx No. »
1. A. and A. 8. R.. Masonic TVmple— fA
Regular meeting THK'j'THCRSDAY) eggj*
EVENING. July 27. Ki>~. at S o'clock. >—" T
Visiting brethren cordially invited;
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Cihwter No. 79, R. A. M. jj
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 8 o'clock. Royal Arch /V\
Degree. By order of the H. P. -
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L F. and A. ,ffi^
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VY
EVENING. July 27. at 7:SO o'clock. f^r\
Third Degree.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. ro
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Vv
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second />r\
Degree. Fellow Craft Masons cordlaly
Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344, F. and c
A. M.. 321 Devisadero Ft.— Special *VY
meeting for Third Degree THIS /V\
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30
o'clock. Vieltlng brethren cordially Invited.
GEO. C. WOLFENDEN, W. M.
H. F. WRIGHT, Secretary.
GOLDEN West Lodge. No. 322, I.
O. O. F. Initiation THIS
<THURSDAY) EVENING, Julys|gsggSp
27, 1905. S o'clock. Four candi- "^WtfW^
dates. JOHN HAZLETT, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 3,-K. P. -^£
— Grand Chancellor Hon. D. Clark, tj^y
Eeq. will pay an official visit on 7*3 K.
THURSDAY EVENING, July 27, J»S»£
at Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden
Gate avenue. Members and visiting Knights
are fraternally invited to be present.
M. A. CUNNINTJ, C. C.
F. A. MECREDY, K. R. jnd S
UNITY Lodge No. 61. K. of P. meets -35*5
BVT.RY THURSDAY NIGHT at
220 Golden Gate avenue. All broth- T&3&
ers are Invited. J&E>C
JOHN ROBERTSON, C. C.
S. W. GALES. K. of R. and S.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v C 7 >~1.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- A &W2
ING In Fraternity Hall, 32 O' Ear- >^COs:
rell et., at 8 o'clock. Smoker fol- "*=x9^
lowf. GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
• A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE committee of arrangements of j—
the Riggers' and Stevedores' picnic, at*
to be held at Schuetzen Park. San Jfs&
Rafael, have completed their pro- _5?Wj3
gra:nnie. This ir their fifty-second '\fZs&
annual outins and promises to be r *\j2J?£,
one of the largest gatherings of the K22
season. Their list of games will be
the largest in the history of the organization.
It is conceded by pleasure seekers that their
liEt of gate prlres is the largest ever pre-
e-nted to the sporting public. The associa-
tion headed the gate-prize list with several
cash prizes with the intention of giving
every patron an equal chance. By order of
THE COMMITTEE.
A MEETING of the Board of Jseaical Exam-
iners of th*> State of California will be held
TUESDAY, the Ist day of August. 1905, at
the City Hall, In the city .and county of
- San Francisco, State cf California, at the
hour of 10 a. m. of said day, for the con-
Elderation of applications ror certificates and
for such other business as may properly
come before It. Dated San Francisco, July
34, 1905. Board of Medical Examiners of the
State of California. CHARLES L. TtSDALE,
M. D., Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission. Having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from Uneda Mlnlnc Co.. in Uneda
mine, near Beckwlth. Plumas County, Cal..
« draining into Little Grizzly Creek, which
reaches Feather RivVr; from Richard Day,
In Continental mine/ near Johnsville, Plu-
mas County. Cal., draining into Nelson
Creek, which reaches Feather \u25a0 River; and
from H. H. Bates and H. B. Arnold, in
Badger mine, near New Mohawk. Plumas
County. Cal.. draining Into ravine draining
Into Feather River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room CS, Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal.. Aug. 7. 1905. at 1:30 p. m.
MONTEREY County Water Company — Notice of
annual meeting: The regular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Monterey County
Water Company will be held at tke office cf
the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal.. en Monday, the 31st day of July. 1905,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. in., for the put-
pose of electing a board or directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of tuch other business as may come before
the meeting. The transfer books will be
closed Friday. July 28. 1905, at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
AA — DIVORCE; costs, $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless euccessful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared: bankruptcy, collectlone, and probating
of estates. 927 Market et.. room 301.
AA— DIVORCE costs $12.
Quick, quiet: legal advice free.
No charce unless successful.
All law business. Open evenings.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, 632 Market St.. room 23; 21 years' expe-
rience; Tril courts; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance: open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Market, r. 33.
ADVICE free; costs $2 to $6; no fee unless suc-
cessful; collections everywhere; any case In
any court. Law Inv. Co., 44 Parrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304, consulta-
tlon free; no fee in advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
A bargain — 1905 White touring car, practically
new. 606 Van Nesb aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS to take hold of a useful and attrac-
tive article; a quick seller; good commis-
slon. W. B. CURTIS & CO.. 017 Mission st.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1602 Market st..
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 50c package.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children under 10 years; kind
German family; reasonable. Box 8217, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st. t cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A— WANTED — Two flrst-class drug stores lor
clients; one to be right downtown, the other
one out a little ways, but muet be good busi-
ness section and cheap for cash. CAMERON
& CO.
A— s3ooo BUYS first-clase coal, wood and Ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fine bay town; equipped - with
horees and wagone; doing good business,
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
yeare; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to It. See CAMERON & CO.
A — WANTED — Two or three good business men
with from $500 to $1000 to invest . in flrst-
class manufacturing business, city; well es-
tablished and doing fine trade, but wishes, to
lncreaee Its output; will bear strictest Inves-
tigation; good salary goes with Investment.
CAMERON & CO. . .
DELICATESSEN stands, with and without
bakeries, from $300 to* $1000. Call on
OAL. INVESTMENT CO., 7771, Market it.
GROCERY and bar; prices $1200. $1500. $1750,
$2OUO. $2300 and $30u0; some very desirable.
CAL. . INVESTMENT CO.. 7771J Market st.
STATIONERY, and notions; good stand; $325.
Restaurants at $175, $350, $700 and $1100.
Offices, houses, apartments, flats & transient.
Oyster and chophouee, with 15, rooms. .
Popcorn route; good payer: email cost.'
Millinery; flrst-class stand and trade.
Candy, soda-water and ice cream parlor.'
Cigar stands, s all kinds and Slices.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777% : Market st.
GROCERY and bar license for sale. 230
Kearny st.,'-room 1. -, . • • . • I .
$500— SALOON, etock $300. cash reg. $225, 4
r. fur., new. cost $IUO, fixtures worth $300;
license; owner sick; must sell. 230 Kearny.r.l.
CANDY factory, Ice cream business, . large
place, good - location, low . rent, chance \u25a0 for
Improvement, price less than Invoice; owner
has otherlurge business. 2573 Sixteenth st,'
near Howard.
WANTED — A gentleman, of good , address ": to
represent a high-class financial- proposition;
reference ' requested. Box 7928, Call.
FOR . sale— Coffee . and '\u25a0 spice route; 10 years'
standing; on . account of leaving, town f and
retiring from : business^: 119 , Front et., : 11-1."
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route , In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office ' for particulars.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, . JULY 27, 1905.
BUSINESS • CHANCE s— Continued.
A— s6so; FRUIT and vegetable store, , with
rcute; wagon -2 horses; very best. locatlon^ln
the Mission: a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in- the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^6 Kearny Bt. . ." \u25a0
A— s22oo; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. . . '
A— slSoo; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
years' lease; on Halght St.: rent $55; 4 liv-
ing rooms; full value In sight; trouble In
family , cause of sale. See R. G. <\VILI\.B.
2614 Kearny st. . - v
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st., with
7 rooms ;• rent $S5 ; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third et.;. full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. :
A— s2ooo: CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez St.. with ti living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33; dally sales about $25; place kept by
owner 8 years: a rare chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2<\tii Kearny st.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon In Monterey,
with 5 years' lease; rent $00; stock will in-
voice about 520OO; this is a bonanza; full
value in sight; owner Is compelled by other
investments to cell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. -264 Kearny st. . \u25a0 . .
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25: full value In sltflit; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— SI3OO;,PArER route; morning paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26,4 Kearny st. ' . ''r.Y\
A— f 1100; DELICATESSEN store, with "dairy
produce- living rooms; very best location on
Third et.. near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20 hi Kearny st. - \u25a0
A $500- CAFE and restaurant, with elegant
' furnished rooms; a small Delmonlco; private
dining-room; location the very best; West;
crn Addition: running on Delmonlco style.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ . Kearny st.
A— slsoo; CORNER saloon In whotes^ale dis-
trict: place established years; choicest cor-
ner on Clay st. For particulars call R. G.
WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st.
A— s7so; BAKERY In the Mission; rent $25; 4
rooms: must be sold at once; owner bought
hotel In Haywards. Call R. G. WILKE, 2ttVi
Kearny st.
A—sl."Co:A — $l."C0: CORNER saloon, opposite large
brewery and surrounded by factories; trouble
in family only caus; of sale; lease; a good
and well established corner. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny ft. --.- ';-:.'-
A— s4so; • CIGAR store with 3 fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $32;
most, prominent location on Larkin st. . Call
R G. WILKE 20Vi Kearny st.
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bldg.; leas*; many for-
tunes made In this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A— s(£.o; CIGAR; tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above SllO per month; loca-
tion the best: close to Examiner office. Call
P.. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny st.
A— sl7so; SAUSAGE factory and pork store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of sal?. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^2 Kearny st. r .--':V '-•\u25a0-^v-'i-i
A— sl3oo; CORNER salocn north of Market St.;
close .to Keerny: rent $S0; lease; owner
wishes to quit city life and so In the coun-
try; investigate; this Is a rare chance. Cali
R. G. WILKE, 26!-i Kearny st.
A—sl3so;A — $1350; CORNER saloon on Folsom St., with
2 living rooms: rent $35: place located close
to Sixth St.; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—s2SoO;A — $2S0O; THE most prominent corner - saloon
on Sixth St., with lease, and cigar stand In
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
gale; not all cash necessary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»6 Kearny st. /...»:•
A— s3ooo; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
8 furnished rooms; the most prominent loca-
tion north of Market street; rent $125; a
very rare chance; place a money-maker. R.
G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— s3ooo; CORNER saloon with Cat 'of 6
rooms; lease; no better location In this city;
owner kept place 10 years; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling alley,
dance pavilion, etc.; rent $30; the place is
located on the most . prominent county road
to San Mateo. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'^
Kearny st
A— s6so; CIGAR and tobacco stand. In a most
prominent location; also laundry office; place
kept by owner for years; never clears less
than $100 per month to your bank account.
See R. G. WILKE, 20& Kearny st.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; CORNER saloon, with 'lease and 'liv-
ing-room; about 3 barrels cholce6t*whlsky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
St.; Investigate; this Is a rare chance. R.-
G. WILKE, 26i,$ Kearny. St. Vj
A— s9so; OYSTER and chop house with 3-year
lease; most prominent location in Western
Addition; this business is a good one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Gi,4 Kearny st.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery and . delicatessen
Etore on Sacramento at., Western Addition:
rent $30; 3 years' lease; full value In sight:
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; SALOON with mercantile lunch In
wholesale dlEtrlct; N of Market St.; place
established yeare; business first-class; owner
to go to the country. See •R. G. 1 WIDKE,
28^! Kearny st. :.
A—s7ooo;A — $7000; CORNER ' saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month: 7
years' lease. Call •R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st. .'-. -,' i
A $1800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; kept by owner 8 years: must be sold at
once; owner to retire from business: a flrst-
class paying place. Call on R. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kearny st. .. -. '. .
TO lease — A brick plant; 40.000 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making first-class brick: unlimited quantities
of clay. Aoply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021 ».4 Market st.; tel. South 622.
BARGAIN — Grocery, saloon; make offer: owner
must leave city; no agents. Box 7329. Call.
GOOD oyster house, opposite new P. O. ; 3-
year lease: no agents. 50 Seventh, Bt.
WILL Invest $300 and whole time In business
that will stand investigation. Box 8067. Call.
WANTED— Man with some money: partner In
chicken business: no rent. . 390 Fourth st.
FOR sale cheap: a small, equipped and up-to-
date planing mill. Box 8114. Call office.
HAY- grain, -wood and coal yard; nccount of
sickness; must sell. W,. Wright. 435 Natoma.
OLD-ESTABLISHED boarding-house for sale;
42 rooms: sunny corner. 1122 Larkln st. i.:
FOR sale— Delicatessen and restaurant: good
place for man and wife. Box 8200. Call. -
FOR sale— Fine fruit store. 309 Fourth et.
FOR sale — Good paying milk route, with milk.
Box 8224, Call.
GOOD Call route for tale. Apply at Call
office. . ; .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement? and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 • Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p., m. \u25a0 , . -
CARPET-BEATING A3VD CLEANING.
CO^pllEis"£D^nr^a^d^Vaxminr~p7oc7sB~uscd
for cleaning carpets on floor .without removal:
carpets and rugs also' cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices . moderate. S. F. : Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Market
st.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479..
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
lng Works, 300-357 Tehama St.- Tel. South 40.
WESTERN 'Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st. : Al cleaning. < 3c.\ FRED HAGE-
DORN&- CO.: phone Mission 225.
CARPETS clean., .fit.', lay. s 530 G.G.ave. ;phone
. East 19C5. Star Ren. Co.. W.W agner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard. KLE IN-
ERT. 1 520 . Polk st. ; phone East- 725. y
CONKLIN'S Superior S Carpet i Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkin: phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning C 0.. '402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. G EO. -.WAI.COM & CO. , Props."
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth - St.— Flrst-class
carpefcleaning,'3cyard.v Tel. Mission 74. . -
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. \ 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CHEAPEST and best In America— -The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, sent .to any -address! in *he
United: States or. Canada one r year i for $1 ;'v. '\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0 '-.\u25a0
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New -'York t Curtain \u25a0 House; I mo3t
. complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
• blankets. \u25a0 1324 Fillmore ; \u25a0> phone i Pine '2622. • <
CURE FOR ; RUPTirRE.
DR. \u25a0 PIERCES Magnetic '\u25a0 Elastic ; Truss; i per-
j> feet iretalner; positive cure;, book' free.'-; Re-"
~ : moved . to : 206 ; Kearny .; St.; < room : 307. "-; • \u25a0
I . DO nbt \u25a0 cure ' rupture ': but t can \u25a0 hold : them ' in
place.: WEDEKIND.-5 440 Geary st. ' ,
COLLECTION; OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected * for $4 ; "collections made;
\u25a0 city » or country. .- Pacific \u25a0 Collection * Co., 415
Montgomery st_ rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5550.
\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 :•;; \ '\u25a0: l :,* \u25a0 ' . \u25a0 -\u25a0^aass^
Rootnlnsi-Hounen and Hotels fo*
MARION GRIFFIN, -
970 — Market — St. — room — SOl, Eighth
floor — James — Flood— Building — opposite
i "The Emporium." — Phone — Main— - 3^^3.
Modern — Business — Methods. — ROOMING
and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed.
7— Our — Ellis — St. "— Entrance — 13
— THE — GOLDEN I '— WEST — HOTEL —
'—.TAKE — THE —ELEVATOR. —
Dear Sir or Madam—
— READ THESE ADS. —
— BETWEEN THE \u25a0 LINES — .
-Zt 'i — Or - « e t some friend - who is —
— A Captain of Finance —
— to do so for you —
— and 1 promise you on the —
— word of a scientific writer of ads —
* — that you will — •'
DISCOVER HIDDEN TREASURES.
Respectfully,
'. — MARION GRIFFIN. — f
11 rooms — '\u25a0 for — $130;.
extra good furnishings.
— cost $1200 —
Landlady has 3 large ropms
. and $25 surplus each
month over : the expenses.
Lady desires to leave the
cily at once on ImDortant
business, hence has authorized
us to Bell at a sacrifice. ',
The house Is conveniently
arranged; nice location, near
street car crossing and
;on sunny side of the street.
MARION i GRIFFIN.
' ' U7O Market st..
Opposite The Emporium.
An 18-room lodging-house for sale
at a great sacrifice; price only
$500; terms $250 down and $10 \u25a0'
monthly; it is a sunny corner house
in good repair; profit now $54 monthly
"in the good old summer time." On
account ; of severe sickness owner wftl
sacrifice. It is 4 blocks N. of Market st.
— MARION GRIFFIN —
970 Market St., opposite "Emporium."
This 42-room house on a
tunny corner. N. of Market
street. \u25a0if renovated ehould
average $10 per room or $400
per. month, the rent being .
only $140, ; there should be
• about $200 profit monthly
If properly managed.
Price $2800. Make us
- .... an offer of $1400 before
. MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st. jj
$300 — _ ONLY — ; $300
."*\u25a0"". :.J Will 'NOW.buy^.a" 12-room
house full of GENTLEMEN ROOMERS.
Same owner for .' lo years last past.
Income $47 over rent each month.
$30 RENT — — — — $30
— This — house .' — Is — not —
Elegantly furnished, but It is an
HONEST, RESPECTABLE house and
QUITE — CENTRALLY — LOCATED.
See MARION GRIFFIN — The Agent.
970 Market st., opposite '"Emporium."
80 rooms ' \ ' $4000.
On a sunny corner.
WELL FURNISHED in 1004.
LONG LEASE at a rental
— less than; $5 per room. —
IJrice $7300; reduced to $4000.'
$1500 down and
WE BACK YOU FOR $2500.
payable as made in the business.
• With sober manasement* should
clear, $2€o monthly year round.
MARION ..GRIFFIN.
970 Market st. ,
50 rooms. 50 \u25a0 rooms.
GUARANTEED profit $19S monthly; .**
n-e-w building, most elegantly furnished;
until 1910 at $200 monthly;
electric elevator- :—: — : — — electric elevator;
electric elevator — electric elevator;
4 — MODERN —
everything strictly A ' No. 1 and
?'\u25a0'\u25a0 at"—-' flrst-class — business.
If you want a flrst-class new
proposition at a surprisingly low
price come in and talk It over with us. •
You'll be surprised at, price and terms.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.. opposite. "Emporium."
: \u25a0
f 2OO down .
and $450 in. $10 — Installments
'\u25a0':.. — takes —
20-room highly ; respectable house;"
— QUITE CENTRAL; — t
$72 Income monthly over the rent.'
. 'MARION GRIFFIN, t —'
970 Market : st., opposite \u25a0
$200 p-r-o-f-l-t m-o-n-t-h-l-y :v
\u25a0 \- g-u-a-r r a-n-t-e— e-d. •
60 rooms. '60 rooms ;
— WELL 7 FURNISHED;.—
— QUITE CENTRAL; —
. : — . ELECTRIC ELEVATOR —
-.V EVERYTHING UP TO DATE;
f :.:j; High class of .permanent roomers., v. \u25a0;\u25a0
: v .. — Price 'was $6000. '—',;:. .' ."••\u25a0
'.' \u25a0' -.We are authorized" to-, cut it In- two.'
-'.. — $3000 takes It: —
j \u25a0"— Terms —if — -,YOU>— • say — - so. —
* This house :is favorably ; ; known
. From - Sisklyou fto \u25a0 San ; Diego -
\u25a0 ' ••: \u25ba:»."":-\u25a0 and. . ..; . '
.-. ' From -the: mountains -.to > the sea. •'-';
High . class » country s patronage. :
' : MARION GRIFFIN.
.-''\u25a0\u25a0.' -970 .Markets st.,* ;' . •
~- . :.', Opposite .The, Emporium.' \u25a0\u25a0
Ellls-st. entrance opposite i Golden : West Hotel.
Roonilntr-Honses and Hotels— Continued
j FAILING EYESIGHT \u25a0-
: . causes sacrifice of a splendid
} MILLINERY STORE; . -
! $30 dally sales:' \u25a0\u25a0
Stock invoices for Sl5OO.
! * Will sell for much lees.
i would take small rooming-house in part trade.
V MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. —Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters . for Rooming-houses. <\u25a0. Hotels and
A II Kinds *of Business Chances.
10S rooms; new. modern building: most ele-
gantly furnished; everything of the best; of-
fice and.cafe on ground floor; there is nothing
better -,iv San Francisco either as money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
very reasonable , on account of sickness; will
take ranch or house and lot In exchange.
14 rooms, fine block on Ellis St.; rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
30 rooms, new and' modern: fine location;
.well furnished and paying well, but owner-is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500.
1 65 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, long leare: well turnlshed: first-
class condition; choice location and clears .over
$250 per month ; to be sold at big bargain.
37 rooms, fine corner downtown: cheap rent;
flrst-class furniture and carpets; one of the
best little' transient houses -in city and can be
got a big bargain; $2250.
35 .rooms; grand corner; cheap rent: very
centrally located: good oak furniture: fine car-
pets, cart offices, big money-maker; part
Uown, balance time; crice $1800.
10-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, gocd carpets, everything flrst-class con-
dition: all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.- -V-/V.-
63 rooms; fine new brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished In best oak
furniture, - Axminster and velvet carpets, elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ence?, beautiful light and airy halls; In fact,
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than half cost, to furnish;, part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000.
15 room?; finely located; pood furnitur* and
carpets: is paying well: will exchange for 10
or 12 room house In good condition.
• 6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
.Sutter st.: all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with fine upright piano; bargain; $6vA).
23' rooms; downtown; rent $100: good furni-
ture- and carpets, and If run right can make
a mint of money out of It and will only take
$200 to get in; balance can be paid out of
house; price $1000.
32 rooms: elegant location for high class
bourdinjf-house; beautifully furnished: will
either pell the' furniture and equipments or
lease same to responsible party. Fine oppor-
tunity for some one. JSr
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
FAWCETT & JOHNSON, 811 James Flood bW.,
970 Market st.. opp. the Emporium.
We have a large list of rooming and apart -
ment houses, from $450 to $COOO.
FISHER & CO ..Phone Main 333t
Room 43S James Flood /budding.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
A SACRIFICE— 22 rooms, elegant furniture,
all full; well paying house; owner is sick; no
reasonable offer retused;- no agents. 18 Ellis.
S-ROOM house for sale; reasonable. 313 Edfly.
' street. ' . ' :
\ A BRANCH office of The Call for the rrcep-
\ tlon of advertisements ana subscriptions ha?
U-en opened at 1008 Market 6t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ' .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
'. 411 A ELLIS ST. NEAR JONES.
' ASTRO DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME, AGE. OCCUPA-
TION, YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME
AND WHOM AND WHEN YOU WILL MAR-
RY,, and what you called for, without asking a
question ; will tell name of your /sweetheart . or
anything you want to know. -He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can \u25a0 I have cood luck ? : ; \u25a0 . \• \u25a0 i
How .'can I" succeed in business?
.How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How goon can I marry?:"
How can I conquer my rival?
. How can I make any one love me?
How can I get a letter?
• How can ; 'l get a good position?
POURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
4 11 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located in his -own home.
' A— — .
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER .DELMAR.
. The Greatest - Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi - Mediator
Of Secret Influence In America.
Without asking a single question- he': calls
-you by. name., tells your mother's maiden
name, tells you the names of friends, enemies
or rivals, tells you what you. came .for.' tells
whom and when you marry; in fact. ',
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g. . •' r
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desire may be, \u25a0 Professor Delmar will help :
you; kind, honorable and -confidential treat-
ment' to all. .Full life,' $1. No pay In ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny.. Daily from 10 a. m.
to 5 p.m.; Saturdays to 8 p. m. ; Sundays,
1 to 4 p. m. 412 Post street.
PRINCESS EUGENIA,
The Veiled Prophetess.
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
• Born with a Double Veil/
Educated In Occult In Egypt and India.
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $1.
Permanently located in her own home.
•'.'-•\u25a0 Private — No sign— Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
A— MISS M. WILLB. 310 Ellis St.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer: can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
' an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading: re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future: advises you on important affairs,
whether financial; domestic, love or. business;
Siv-es thp secret how to control,'- charm, fas-
cinate the. ono you love; reading. $1; hours
|]0-8 p. m. : French. German. English spoken.
ISMAR.- Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 110*
Market tt., San Francisco. Office hours— lo
. a. in. to 5 p.- m.; Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
. day evening, bto 8. Phom South 1141. -
MISS ZCMDAR, young plfted clair. and palm.;
! . -.--.. reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc. :
names: ;L.; L. 50c. G. .51. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. JOSEPH, palmist and life reader, of
Chicago, business. ; speculations, love: full
readings: ladios 25c: gents 50c. 1221 Market.
MME. -KUONENBERG.- clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me: good
.reading 25c - r no sign. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. -BERNARD \u25a0 reads your, life correctly:
advice. given on all' affairs of life; satlsfac-
. ton .«ruar. ; 25c up.. 17 3d, next , Examiner bid.
MME. .RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
i Ogives names, advice In all affairs. 5 4th st.
i MISS WARD, clairvoyant, card reader: gives
• names,: dates and' facts. 1228 Market,' rm. 2.
I MADAM 'MAY, 'palmist and card reader: hours
1 to 6. |8832 Eighteenth St.. - near Sanchez.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
• removed from 108 Sixth st. ; to 954 Mission.
. SPIRITUALISM. ':
JOHN SLATER, • extra circle 'this afteYnoon at
:*. sharp; sittings dally. 10 to 4. 616H Lor-
n' bard st.. 'bet. Powell- and 'Mason. _
A— MRS. J. J. -WHITNEY, bus.'- medium- and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
.MME. .YOUNG'S marvelous nplrlt .messages to-
night; 10c: readings.-.> v lS>ol Post, cor. Fillmore.
EARLE'S seancerSun.'.. Wed.; 219. Eddy St.;
'. readings. : Hotel' Higglns.'O'FarreH st.-- .-..\u25a0,- \
v.V-V'.:' : "pALMISTiiY.*- - '•:.•. .
A— RETURNED, : ,H.Y Jerome. Fosselll. scientific
palmist" 6l2 Mason.. nr. Sutter: tel Black 5608
:-• • ;'--V : DEWTISTS.; : -.\ . '
DREXLER PAINLEsia DENTAL^OOMPANY^
.- Perfect* painless vat -lowest prices.
\u25a0 Fullset'of teeth;, $2; silver fillings,* 25c; gold
'.' fillings. . $1 ; gold crowns,' $3 : bridge work, \u25a0 $3.
'/ 1104 (Market, st.,! corner .Turk.-^ <: , . *
' A ", NEW plate— The ; Whalebone — Cannot break ;
v warranted ' 20, yrs.;: crowns,'. $3 50; fillings 50c;
-:'• \u25a0'\u25a0 plates. " $5, < full . set; ' all v work " painless * and \u25a0
:\u25a0 'warranted:. Chicago t Dental :Parlora,: 24 Sixth.',
DR.* LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market." nr. 11th—
• No * charge . for " extracting- when ; plates - are
' made; oM plates made; over; like new: teeth'
-.from. $8 per set; extracting , 50c ; gas given." --.-v
FILLINGS,* 2Sc and 50c; crowns," $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 909 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.;
GOLD | fillings. ; I silver/; 33c; 'crowns.'; $2. , no
\u25a0:"-: pain; op.:Sun.";Dr.A.C.Hewltt.Mol^4 Grant ay.l
CHEAPEST,; and best In "America— The Weekly
v Call.r 16 i pages, <\u25a0\u25a0 sent ':. to j any address \u25a0In ; the
/United States or Canada one "year, for $1. - •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL . Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve. class: patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
EASTERN dressmaker: first class; tailored
suits a specialty. 212 Second st.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
I art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
WESTERN BUSINESS COI-LEGE. 1281 Mar-
ket -ft. — Terms- $S per month; $40 6 months;
thorough course: In order to demonstrate our
superior method of teaching will give one
month's tuition free; success assure^
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law, medical colleges;
' refs., Pres. Jordan or any Stanford > prof. ;
summer session begins June 5. Phelan bldg.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 738 Mission st. '
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. : Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us: stenographers trained; posi-
tions secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster & CO.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
\u25a0Market st ; best location In city; catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st., B. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas . engineering. Send for prospectus.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng.. math., etc., day and
eve.: individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T.A. Robln3on. formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863: largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; . send for circular.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est. 1564. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ORAL or written Instruction given. English
and mathematics; special -advantages for
foreigners. Box 8034. Call office. '
HINMAK'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; all branches. 1412 Polk St.. nr. Cal.
ZITHER lessons given by. Max Maler. teacher
of zither. .304 A Turk st., near Leavenworth.
IRVING Institute , School for Girls, 2120 Cal.
St. ; fall term begins Monday. August 7, 1005.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE M. SAKAUYE— Successor to George
Aoki. oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment of flee. 421 Post et.; phone Bush
135; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese- help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 400 Powell St.: tel. Main 1731.
A — ORPHFUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. : tel. Main SIZ2.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese ' help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bu9h 859.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office: best help. Tel. East 426.
F!ne3t Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Gco. R. Kunlabe. 317 Mason; tel. James 5251.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. ERADLEY & CO.. 840 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished; house cleaning. 70S Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 31S Stockton. Main 8138.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A REFINED nurse wishes to cara for elderly,
lady or Invalid; best references; hours 9-12
a. m. Phcne Fell 3134. ' ... \u25a0
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
for general housework; city or country; Kocd
cook. .207 Minna st.. near Fourth.
SEAMSTRESS would like position in private
family. Phcne . East 463.
A COMPETENT person wishesi work by the
day cleaning or washing. Phone East 4357.
JAPANESE schoolgirl wishes situation in a
small family. L. N., box 8039. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY, competent woman duslres
position as housekeeper or take charge of
rooming-house. 2416 Bush st. ; no objections
to leaving city.
AN Eastern. lady of ability, speaking French
: and -German,- would-pay commission .to-re-
liable party \u25a0 procuring her a good position;
references exchanged. Box 8155, Call office.
vJHDDLE-AGED American woman wants posl-
•': lion as working "housekeeper or as ~ cook; $ir«
to $20 and carfare: city or nearby. Call or
address Housekeeper. 150 Seventh st. : -'X '\u25a0?
COMPETENT nurse- wishes engagements; con-
finements, invalids, massage: cheerful; ser-
. vices faithfully rendered; references. MRS.
KING. 1139 Turk st.
, A LADY wishes a position as housekeeper:
good ccok; strictly reliable. Address 11
Leavenwortb st., near McAllister. Tel. Mint
J44S. i
WANTED — By a neat capable young woman,
a position to do light housework; salary $2->.
Box , S2CB, . Call office.
A LADY, who is a very fine sewer, would Ilk?
room and board In exchange, for work; best
of references. Address A. A., box 7334.- Call.
COLORED woman wants work by the day;
$i 50 pr day and care fare. Phone Mont-
gomery 611; 1013 Clay st. •
«lOOD cook with boy. 15 years old want* po-
sition in. country: good wages; best refer-
ences. 3C5 Polk st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes more work.
51 75 per day. 1852 Ellis St., bet. Pierce
' and Scott.
COMPETENT German woman wants situation
to" do cooking and assist with .housework.
Box EO7O. Call. '- .
WANTED— By a first-class dressmaker, late of
the City of Paris, engagements by the day.
Address MRS. W.. CO5 Sutter st.
COLORED woman waits day's work: $1 50
' and car fare. 163 Tehama St., flat 6.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants general house-
work: wages from $20 to $25. 1223 Rhode
-Island «t. ; .
WANTED — Position as housekeeper : and cook.
255 Shipley st. . *
A COMPETENT cook desires a situation: will-
ins to do downstairs work. 7C6>£ Birch ay*>.
GOOD cook -and housekeeper wants position;
city preferred* .271 Stevenson st., •
AN expert dressmaker, by . the day; rapid;
- street and house suits. Box 36. 305 Larkln.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN and gardener wants position on
gentleman's country place; thoroughly com-
petent: first-class references. Box 8041,! Call.
BAKER. German, strong, 17. wants to learn
the business; Oakland preferred. 1216
Twenty-third. aye.. East Oakland.
MAN. handy around ' machinery, wishes posi-
tion. Address : box SO4O. Call." .
HOUSE painter, flrst-class, wants work: prop-
erty owners: city or country. Box 7957. Call.
WANTED— Situation as engineer; can run any
kind of plant; No. 1 mechanic; sober: would
like to ;o in lumber region. J. RENO. 843
Mission *tsf£S£B)B&fif&Ssk£&t
HANDY man around place wants position In
country;- hotel or » private residence; under-
stands horses: best of : references. P. 8.,
401 .Sutter \u25a0t-.,^38M88M s IBK&BanHM
COACHMAN; thoroughly experienced man, re-
liable, flrst-class . horseman. . wishes position
-In private : : place; good \u25a0 references; city or
country. Box SO4S. ; Call office
STABLEMAN wants: Place; a- middle-aged
; single man. expert in care, of horses, car-
riages" and harness; country preferred. Box
: 8100. Call office. .
MALE > : nurse, six years', experience with \u25a0 all
\u25a0 kinds oi , cases, \u25a0. private and In Institutions;
competent at both i massage and manicuring.
Box 7521. Call.-.. . - .;;
BOOKKEEPER of , 3»£ , years' experience de-
sires .: flrst-class \u25a0 position with machinery or
' manufacturing firm: will leave city. Box
820tf, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS; all-round man . wishes position
-by day or week as house and window clean-
er. Address box 7918. Call. . ' •
YOUNG man wants - position ;as hoist or sta-
': tionary .' engineer; : do : repair work, city or
country. "5" 5 Address . Engineer,' 1119 Sutter'st.
A PHOTOGRAPHER wants a position In any
line of photography; has extensive experi-
ence.- Address AKAGAWA. dOVi Stockton
RELIABLE, sober man .wants position as day
\u25a0or night watchman; small wages. Box 7517
Call : of fIce.ieBaBBMfBaRBHBBHMBHHMSabH
FIRST-CLASS coachman and wife wish posl-
: - tlons In - city • or country ; \u25a0 good • references.
Box : 81C0. Call , office.
YOUNG, man,? sober, i, wants position where he
can ; learn \ waiting ;at i table. \u25a0 Box 7027. , Call.
AN all-round butcher *wants' position In coun-
;"'try. "Box 8154.- Cal» office; ••\u25a0
SOBER,: reliable ; man ' wants » position ; knowl-
:-.', edge; of .bookkeeping. Box SIS 9- Call.
ENGINEEUiiand: machinist would like posl-
'•jtion'ln country :ref.*:yAddress box 8296. Call.
GOOD > Japanese \u25a0 schoolboy wishes pcsitlon
waiting. T. JAMES, 20C5 Lyon *c
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE— Cob
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert, where the highest skill and
th* greatest ingenuity is required: in any
line of machinery: or position aa foreman in
flrst-class machine shop. Address box IVZi.
Call office.
JAPANESE good cook wants position In small
famiiy $6 up per week: references. Address
GEOUGE MUUNO, 1543 Webster st. ; phone
Jack»on 36-tl. '
YOUNG, honest Japanese wants position us
elevator boy or night watch: understands
private exchange switch board. Box iCSo.
Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation who Is learr.tas
American cooking: little experience; apply by
mall. C. I. TAX AKA. 1410 Pine Bt.
A JAPANESE wishes to do cooking in pri-
vate family in city or country: understand
cooking and waiting. I. 1.. 1329 Pine st.
GOOD Japanese wants a position, housework
and cook help: understands English. 1003
Guerrero St.; telephone Bine 2331.
YOUNG Japanese boy want 3 situation as a
elevator or of flee boy; speaks English.
YAMA. 417 Jones St.; phone East 3613.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation to do
housework; speaks English well. SATO. 417
Jones St.; nhone East 3613.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do family
laundry work or besides the hours work in
this city. T. SUGIYAMA. 622 Pine at.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wishes position In
family In city; best references. JEO. 810
Stockton at. ':'.' .. J '..'\u25a0
JAPANESE wants position as plain cook and
housework: has good reference; wages $3 a
week. WYEM3TO. 467 Hayes st.
YOUNG Japanese, gentle and honest, wishes
position to do plain cooking or housework,
box 7904. Cal'. '
FIN'ANCIAX.
A BLOCK of stock in old manufaoturins con-
cern recently incorporated may b« pur-
chased at reasonable rate: a *ood chanc*
to secure- profitable and saTa Investment;
business to be projected to Include the for-
elgn trade. Box 8222. Call.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased:
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker bids;.
FLATS TO UET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department Is free to all; we can
find you a home In any part or the city;
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy or even loo*
at the goods; uee this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-2S& Gsary
st. (on the square).
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT.
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed la
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble. .T •' v? \u2666,;?.:-.
„ Services Is absolutely fre«.
You are not asked to buy or even look at
furniture. Welcome I '
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
LANGTON. 39 and 43 — \u2666 rooms and bath, $20.
41 Langton — 5 rms. and bath. $22 50. nr. 7th
and Howard. 14 and 16 Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to stilt tenant. 713 Harrison,
nr. 3d — 4 rms.. $13; ashes and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner flat, nearly new. t»
rooms, basement, etc: every room sunny;
rent reasonable: half block from Market st.
3947 17th St.; take Castro or 13th st. car.
TO 1et— 2904-2910 Sixteenth St.. near Howard
— 7 room 3 and bath: newly rrr.ovated; con-
venient to all line of cars; see them; rent
reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.
FULTON. 703. corner Buchanan — Elegant,
sunny, modern middle flat of 7 rooms and ;
bath; rent reduced. .
BUCHANAN. 353. near Fulton — Elegant, new.
sunny, modern flat of 7 rooms and bath: rent
reduced.
MINNA. 906, ,oft Tenth — Upper flat, 5 rooms
and bath: key at 125% Tenth st.
$16 — APPRECIATED if seen: modern, nunnv.
4-room flat: bath, washstand, tubs. 1171 Oak.
MCALLISTER, IS6B-6S— Up-to-date sunny flat-.
7-S rooms; rent low to responsible parties.
NOE. 1056 — New flats; modern Improvements;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro cars.
REED. 24 — Four sunny rooms and bath. . 'Ap-
ply 1323 Washington st.. near Jones.
SUNNY middle and upper -flats. .4-5 room.-.
bath, yard; $20-$22 50. 32 Shotwell. nr.' Htb.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms, hath. yard. 173-t
Folsom St.. near Thirteenth.
POST. 2C07B — Flat: 3 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements: rent $15 50; no children.
CENTRALLY located flat. 5 rooms, bath; mod-
erate. 1020 Sacramento st.. above Powell.
TWENTY-FD7TH, 4145. near Castro— N»w.
upper Cat, 5 rooms, bath, cellar, yard; $20.
WALLER. 220VJ. near Buchanan — Fine flat. «
rooms, bath; fine order; rent $23. - - \u25a0 -
LOWER flat, 3 rooms and yard. 16328 How-
ard st.. bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$160— FURNITURE for sale, including piano,
$30; axminster carpet. $S; gas range, $3, etc.
917 Minna »t.
$2,000 CO WORTH \u25a0 of furniture and carpets.
practically new. at a great sacrifice. Ad-
dress Box 8249. Call.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage, pl-
anoa & Furn. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 MXt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION" C 0713217 1321 Market
st., bet. 3th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bash B£l.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St., phone Jessie
761. pays cash and buys everything.
HELP WANTED — FOULC
FIRST-CLASS cook, city . ... 71717. . ?S4O
3 cooks, little washing *:;i>
Maid and seamstress ................. ..$3O
Second girls ....$2O and $25
Laundress for hotel, country ........... f"O
Housework, club house .........$23
Housework. Ross Valley, no washing *33
3 waitresses for sanitarium .....$25
Dtnlng-rocra'girl for a home ..$'J5
Housekeeper, man 3 children .......... ..$23
4 waitresses fcr hotels.
3 men and wives for ranch work ........ S.V»
Cook and waitress hotel, country ..... ...$6O
German nurse girl. 2 children '.. $25
Chambermaid, hotel, country, fare her»..s2'>
4 cooks for ranches $20^?U5
A large number of general housework girl?.
city and country, first-class places and best
of wages. Call early to-day.
, J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage. ' etc., from A to Z In 1 mo. for $3 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
class. College. 234 Post St.. room 17. 2d floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $13;
positions guaranteed $12 per wk. up: learn
now for Aug. positions. School. 234 Post. r. 16.
PACIFIC Hairdresslng School whole trade.
manicuring, massage; positions 510 a week.
up; day. and eve-tins; classes. 133 Powell at.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; learn. now
for Aug. positions; sits, guaranteed; eve.
school only. 231 Post st.. roony 16.
WOMEN and girls wanted; also expertenceii
cannery on fruit: steady work from abgu?
August 1. Apply California Canneries Com-
" pany, 423 Brannan st.
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops l:j
August: special rate > tickets now ready j
\u25a0* come earli^as only a limited number can
be sold. cL CLEMENS HORST CO V'f-
Battery at.
WANTED— Cash girls. Apply between 9 an*
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Younsr lady who is an experience!
dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply between :i
and lla. m. at HALE BROS.' •
YOUNG girl for general housework; sma*
family: apply from 0 until 12; carfare DakE
2427 Washington st. . -
YOUNG girl to do cookln* and general house-
work. two in family; wages $20." Call b«-.
tween 10 and 3. 20«5 Washington ' st. '-'
WANTED-^Good German or French " girl ta
take care of two children and wait on table*
reference. Apply 'JThjb Jackson st.
WANTED—A girl for general housework: f-5.
Apply 233 Third aye., Richmond District:
take Sutter-st. car.
WANTED bright girl accurate at figures Ai>-
ply MARKS BROS. 1220 Market ft.
GIRL for general housework; German pre-
f erred. 72*J Aahbury st.
WANTED— Competent sirl for cooking an<'
housework. Call 543 Baker st. from 1) to 12,
SEWING macbfne operators on- overalls; \u25a0ni
experience jecessary. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO-.'. >»-^a Fremont »t. MR. DA VIS.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic a nd dramat-
ic work. 1225 Geary st.; phono East *>~HAVE ANSWERS TO YOUR AD ADDRESSED TO A "GALL" BOX
lIELP WASTED — FESIALE--Conllnued
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant IS3
S extra waitresses, country, free fare. .$1 50
3 waitresses.. Saeraniemo, ;>arty here Mo
3 waitreLse*. Santa Crur $-5
Chambermaid and waitress, beach resort,
fare f.25
SO waitresses, city. Country, hotels »^3 ,
20 waitresses resort, springs hotels ?-5
Oiarr.bermaids, city, country , 5-0
Starch Irocers mangle har.ds.- country.s.«>-sw>
Cooks, bcuseftrjs, second eirls. nurs^gir's.
Invalid's Dam **°
C. U. HANSKN & CO. ...4C9 Bush rt
WANTED — Ycur.s women 'o learn telephone
r pt-ratlr.K : references rvqulreJ: salary wlill.-
Iparnir.r. Apply 2HJ Bush st.. .third floor,
after tt a. m. •
A SELECT practical mUtiaery <-»tai>-
lished 17 year?: p«_-s:tU>ns> st-ourtii: course this
wcekotily $I». ' M 0 (TKarr-li M
WANTED— GirIs on f.-wSr* maehin. s ; rur, by
power- light work; tr-CKi pay. NEVILLE &
CO.. S3O Davis st.
HOP pickers wsr.ted: lists open July 24. Call
i:nA arrant*- fi r transi.urlatKn.iorns. etc.
American Hop and I'arl.'y 00.. 227 all ornU.
MAKE money working fit home spare lime 01
ftMtdr; «-aey fancy work; call a to 5. 1?44
Market st.. opp. Seventh: about 10c per hour.
lIXPEKIENOED buttenbele operator on Singer
MWIAC machine. LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
- Mr. Uavls. .'i'JVi Fremont st.
lIAUBERS — Employment and Suppllr*.
shop, cigar and tobacco business ; 3
norr.s furnished for housekeeping; corner lo-
\u25a0 cation: $350 buys everything. B3SA Eighth.
r.ABHER shops: city and country; have quite
a r.umber of them for sale; some with r*al
good merits. Apply to STOLTZ, 723 Market.
BARBER to buy half Interest in downtown
fhop; can Ftart to work next week and try
'The shop. STOLTZ, 723 Market St.
BARBER wanted. €06 Clay st.
BARBER wanted evenings ai.d Sunday. 1062
McAllister ft.
$22^ BARBER chop; good trade; 2 nice living
rooms; Tent $12. 1007 S Market st.
A GOOD 2-chair paying barber shop for sala
cheap. Inquire at 23S OFarrell st.
$226— 5-CHaik carber shop for s ale; north of
Market; bargain. Coleman. 311 J. Flood bid.
J76O — 5-CHAIR barber s-hop for 6ale: good lo-
cation: No. 1 fixt. Colerr.an. 311 J. Flood bid.
$100 — BARBER shrp; fine chair and fixtures;
larjr*. trE.fi-- owner sick. 1007 U Market st.
1-CHAIR barber shop finest in vicinity, and
furnished room, cheap. 27Sa Foisom st.
lIELP WAXTED — MALE..
AT KORD & SMITH'S. 741 Mission, near 3d.
and €26 Washington, near Kearny.
Free Fare— To-Day— Fr»e Fare.
Nevada.
Railroad Work.
Come and See Us About It.
Teamsters, $2 25.
No Discount. Good Outfit.
Ship To- Day.
1 Ml'.lfetter, used to fractional blocks, $2 50.
Carr.p horseshoer, Sevada. $50 and found.
f Laborers. ccmi>any,"Kork, $2.
Bricklayers. S4 tq *f4 50; year's work.
Plsin work for company.
Laborers, near city. $2 25.
Foreign sawmill hands. $30 to $35.
Big Job South.
Teamsters. $2 25.
Laborers. $2.
Boy !seli>er, city. $1.
Cook, roadhouse, $30.
Elevator boy. $20 and found.
Remember We Ship
To Nevada To-day.
Free Fare.
To New Railroad.
Central Pacific to
— Tonopah Line. —
AT C. R. HANSEN & COS.. 429 Bush et.
Fry-cock, -retort. Santa Cruz, $50.
Fry-cook and broiler. Lake Tahot, free fare,
party here, $50 to $CO.
Helper en cakes, city, $30 and board.
Lunchman who fj>eaks German. city k $50.
Dishwashers, potwathcrs, city and country.
, $30-$35 fd.
Waiters, city and country. $30-$4O fd.
/ tiu* boys, country holel*. $20-525 fd.
i\,rters, housemen. yardmeii. city and
country. 525-*:«) fd.
2 Ftarcb troners. tianta Cruz, $2 day.
All-around lau^dryrr.iij} for Alaska, free fare,
' party ' here. $40 f d.
2 farmers, near city, rarty here. $30 fd.
2 ranch teamsters, near the city, party here.
$:JO f<J.
New R. R. Work — Fare only 40 cents.
10 scrai'er teamsters, $2 25 day.
5 s .-;-:.-:\u25a0 loaders, $2 25 day.
Sh'.p to-day. Call early. Good job.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A—lA — I SINGLE or double hand quartz miners,
$2 day found; party here 10 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush et.
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642— COMMERCIAL ST.— €42.
PHONE BUSH 533. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
COOK— FARE PADD— PLUM AS CO..SRO fd.
COOK— SOUTH— Se« boss here f65 fd.
COOK — Santa Cruz Co. Boss here $60 fd.
3 COOKS — Ranches $25 and $35 fd.
NORTH— NEW TORK.
FARE REFUNDED— COMPANY WORK.
-J5 laborers. You"!! do $2 16 to $2 25 flay
Jk There's no DISCOUNT—
**\ ELECTRIC POWER CO.
6 LABORERS — Help carpenters $50 fd.
10 CARPENTERS— Long J0b.. 597 50 to $105
• 1835 sawmill, yard and woods men, miners,
laborers, teamsters, rockmen, farmers, milk-
ers, fruit pickers, etc TOP WAGES.
FREE FARE— I 2 laborers; It's steady.. s6o
DRY GOODS salesman, $75; 4 farm-era and
wive*. $50 and $60 and found; assistant
*?ard*ner. $25 and found; ranch blacksmith,
«S0 and board; Jobbing- blacksmith, $3 CO a
cay; blacksmith helper and Soorman, $3 day;
miners, $3 day; muckers, $2 60 day; laborers
• and woodchoppers for mine, $2 50 day; farm-
ers and milkers; carpenters. $3 50 to $4
day, and others.
J. r. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento et.
COOK awl wife. $G0 and found; cook and
helper, country hotel. $110; restaurant rooks,
$13 week and $60 month: hotel cook. $50: 2
bakers, country shops, $40 month and $14
week and found; porters. $25 and found;
\u25a0•"alters. $40; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento st.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMP. AGCY.
635 Washington street. Phone James 330 L
FREE FARE. NEVADA.
Carson and Tonopaii Railroad.
$2 25 a day. $2 25 a day. $2 25.
Lumber pliers. $2 50. Boys, box factory, $1 "5
' Lumber graders, $3 30. Log scalerr. $2 60.
Rockmen for new railroad work. $2 50. .
Machinist, caw mill, south. $3 50.
Machine miner* $3 day. S hours. -\
Hand miner* $2 50 and $3. Muckers. $2 50.
Alaska, $2 75 a day for laborers.
' The enly office bookine to ALASKA.
Steamer chartered, sails July 31st, 3 P. M.
\u25a0 PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP AGENCY.
CSS Washington Et. Phone James 3301
AT RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
CO2 Clay St.. cor. Montg.; Phone James 2476.
NEW ELECTRIC RAILROAD.
B0 teamFters $2 25 a day
Camp blacksmith $60 month and found
YUBA COUNTY.
40 laborers » $2 50 day
10 SammfrnK'n J2 75 day
FREE FARE— NAP A COUNTY.
T* 2f» laborer* $2 day
ALASKA CENTRAL RAILWAY.
Seward, Alaska.
Social steermr chartered; fare advanced.
ALASKA. ALASKA. ALASKA.^ ALASKA.
$2 '.'.. *2 75. $2 75. $2 75. $2 75.
FARE ADVANCED. FARE ADVi*CCED.
$2 75. $2 75. Laborers, $2 75. $2 75.
, The- only ofnee in the city shipping to
ALASKA. ALASKA. ALASKA.
Str-amer FAILS JLLT 31st. 3 P. M.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGENCY,
<--35 Wat-hington etr^et. Phone James 3-'tol.
ANDRES OFFICE. :<l7 Stockton Ft.
Third ccok. springs. Lake Co., $W>; second
ccok. hospital, $45; vegetablemtin, country
resort. $30-$35: waiter, city. $35: assistant
waiter. $7 week: porter. Uinlnß-room. $25;
diF.hwa'fher. Santa Crur, $23; bellboy for
club, $22: pardener. $40; bedmaker and valet
for club. $.10; etc.
AN orjoyab'e. profitable outing: pick hops in
August: special rate tickets now ready:
com* cnrly as cr.ly a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st.
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
petes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learnlr.ir: call or write. Gillman's Bar-
ber College, 027 Clay «.. near Montgomery, j
* 10 BRIDGE carprmers, cribbing work on i
wharves. $'i 50. Call «-ar!y ; s hours. COSTI-
GAN'S. C 24 Clay. ' •
WANTED — Husliclnian and presser for renova- '
»ory; p<-«><3 j.ay; steady. Box 0003, Call ct- I
flee. Oakland. j
V VAN! ED— Hypnotic sublets to travel: pay I
*25 per we»-k with commission and expenses"
Box 8177. Call. j
WANTED — A foreman on cakes, etc.: good J
men on bread; dishwasher; two lunch wait- !
era. £18 James Flood bldg. '
HKI.P WANTED — MALE — Continued.
MURRAY ft READY. PHONE
<i54-<J3« O.iy st. MAIN 584 ii.
Lcadtitg limpioyment and Labcr Agents.
%V« in ll<o4 1903 we hope to
i.-!,otu n-.en work. Increase 04,000.
FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
180 sinsie and doub.e hand drillers. $90,
$S2 50, $75.
8« muckers, carmen, etc., $75.
5 93 laborers, no experience, for mines. $60.
12 laborers to learn mining-. $60.
ISU drillers. Quarries, tunnels, etc., $75.
2(J laborers, large country factory $00.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
3G5 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs.
seme in San Francisco. $2. S2 25. $2 50 a
(Jay. Come see us.
DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
64 drillers and quarrymen. different places,
$C 7 50 to $75.
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC.
65 general ranch hands $:JO. $33. $40 and fd.
HARVEST AND HAY BALING HELP.
3<J men. different positions, $1 50 $2 and
?2 50 day and found.
12 hay balers, different places. 15c, IGc. 25c
ton.
CHOREMEN AND BOYS.
37 men ar.d boys for chores. $15, $20. $23, $30
and found. v
3 coachmen. 2 garflpnerF. $40 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$."55 $\u25a0!<> and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
3<T> Jahr.rrrs. fare paid, you'll suit. $;J3. $40,
$45 an<3 found.
120 exrwrienrpii woodsmen, mlllmen. from
piling lumber to manager of mills and
n-oods $rsr>. $40. S5O. $W, $70. $SO. $00. $125
month and fouVri. Orrp ope us.
STABLEMEN.
26 etab!em<>n. different jobs. $35 and found
to SRO and $73.
MFCHANTCAL.
18 BRICKLAYERS
For Seattle: your f"*re usual wages.
CORNICE-MAKERS
For Seattle : fare paid: 50c an hour.
Cement flnleber on plaster work, walks, fare
50c. $4 day.
Cement mason for mine $3 SO day.
Woodturner, city good lob. $3 day.
Chipper, foundry, fare $3. mine. $67 50.
Engineer, washer, country laundry. $76.
12 aepfcaltum rakers, city ?2 50 to $4 day.
Blarkfmlth structural work No. 1 Job.
Brick kiln setter. $75: 12 coorers, 12c each.
Floortnan. blacksmith. San Mafo. $3 day up.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, fare $1 25. $.w fd.
Blacksmith or a woodworker fare $2 50.
$3 50 day.
26 blacksmiths horseshoers. etc, $4. $3 50,
$3. $2 50' day.
18 bridge carpenters lumber company. $90.
0 carpenters, build barne. etc.. $3 50 day.
15 carpenter* factory, fare 50c. $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, different Jobs. $4. $3 50, $')
day.
Blacksmith, machinist Government job. $75
and found.
CAR BUILDERS.
16 car builders. $S>o a month.
25 slack coopers, $40 and found.
Tallyman, lumber company.
Bcaler, lumber company, $75; off- bearer.
?P2 50.
Cemertf worker, railroad company's own
work, f3 25 day.
CARPENTERS.
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
S6 bench carpenters or cabinet-makers, spe-
cial city corporation Job; "not contract
work." $105 month.
ALSO
12 carpenters, gold Quartz mine, $90.
14 carpenters, factory work, fare $1 50. $103
a month.
26 carpenters, different city and country
Jobs. $4, $3 50. $3 a day.
Foreman, planiag mill, country. $4 a day.
Storekeeper, lumber company. ?50 and found.
6 cornice-makers. Seattle. 8 hours, $4 a day.
Plasterer. $1 fare. $5 a day.
3 carriage woodworkers, $3 50 a day.
Hoist engineer for mine, $75.
Blacksmith, country club, boss here. $40 fd.
Varnisher and finisher, city factory. $2 to
$2 50 a day.
Mill bench hand, country. $3 60 a day.
PRUNERS. \u25a0
26 men. prune apricot trees. $32 50 found.
COLUSA COUNTY.
26 laborers and teamsters, 567 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et
COOKS COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places,, $90. $75, $50. $40
WAITERS. 13 ' WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different places. $45. $40. $30.
$25 and found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
S6 dishwashers, different Jobs. $35. $30, $25,
$20 and found.
LAUDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
S? launilrymen. all classes. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
12 t>ell and elevator boys, different Jobs, $15,
$20 and found. ' . .
Plousemen. porter, city hotel. $30 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
20 boys learn trades, etc.. $4, $5. $6 week.
2 young men candy stores. $6 week found.
Al teamsters. $70 and found.
MARRIED.
14 men and wives, different positions, $50,
$60, $70 and found.
LAUNDRY.
Washer, understands starching. $6 50 week.
2 starch lroners, Santa Cruz, $2 25 day.
BAKERS.
Baker, fare $2, $55 and found.
Boy learn coppersmith trade, $3 week.
LOOK. 1
Young man, work around machinery, city.
$1 75 day.
Man work around duck preserve, $25 and fd.,
fare paid.
Man take charge of bootblack stand, $30 fd.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fare 30c. $15 week.
Butcher. Northern California, $60.
Butcher hotel, country. $40 and found.
MURT.'.Y & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
IES COAL miners. New Mexico.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— NEW WORK— FREE FARE. .
155 Italians
155 Portuguese.
155 Austrians.
155 Spaniards or Mexicans.
155 Poles. Hungarians or Russians.
$2 day. Steady Jobs. See us.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
POWDER rockman. R R. company. $75.
LOOK.
Boy. fire boiler, city, $1 day.
2 young men. paper house, city, $7 week.
Boy to deliver rigs, city stable, $7 week.
LOOK.
Cook and wife country hotel kitchen, near
city, $60 and found.
Turner and band sawyer, fare $1.
MACHINISTS.
9 machinists, factory, fare $1. $3 60 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
" FREE FARE BOTH WAYS.
ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY.
25 LABORERS. $67 50.
ARE YOU GOING? fl FEE. THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay wt.
FREE FARE TO-DAY.
IN CENTER OF GREAT FRUIT DISTS.
42 MILES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
25 laborers you'll suit. $60 month.
MURRAY & READY. C34-63C Clay rt.
FREE FARE.
B P. S. P. 8. ,P.
TO TONOPAH R. R.— NEVADA STATE.
C 5 teamMerF, $«57 80. Are you eoln*?
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay t»t.
' HE WILL ARRIVE AT OUR OFFICE .
7 am. to-day. Who? General represen-
tative of
AMERICAN FACTORY.
25 laborers, you'll suit. $60. FEE $1.
THAT'S ALL. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «*\u25a0
ROOF painter, city Job. $2 50 day.
LOOK.
Screw turner, bis- carriaee. north. *^f> found.
Swamper for woods, fare $1. $50 found.
Band sawyer, fare $1. $3 SO day.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
HAY BALERS.
,0 j, ByB v h».i*r» far? *1 40. 20c ton.
12 carpenters, city Job. $4 day. •
1- r company. $3 50 day.
Machinist great lumber company. $3 50 day.
LOOK.
:i Ijovp. learn trade, city. f4 50 week.
Teamster travel with piano wagon, $35 fd.
NURSES.
3 nurses, institution $25 and found. . .
YOU CAN DO IT.
19 lumber pliers fare $2 50. $35 to $40 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay gt.
\u25a0WANTED— An experienced and competent of.-
flre man;- must be able to manage others;
•department store experience preferred: good
opening with good salary for the right man.
Box 8161. Call.
STENOGRAPHER: single, quick* accurate:
(rood position; advancement assured. 1612
Washington st.
CARDWRITER wanted. Apply by letter, with
full details, to box 78S8, Call. *
I WANTED — Experienced brakeman: must have
good references. Box 7fls6. Call.
BEDMAKER. Hunter House. 6SI Howard st
WANTED — A boy to l*arn a trade. Box 8042,
• Call. .-••.:\u25a0 \u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 ' -.- \u25a0-\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 -
LFTTERERS wanted In our designing depart-
ment. VARNEY & GREEN. 7 Tenth trt.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 550 Valencia St. -
DISHWASHER wanted. 400 Hayes St.
GOOD carpenter finUhers. Clay fit., between
Fierce and Scott. - .
TROUSERS makers wanted. - Apply CHAS.
LYONS. -Linden Tailor. 721 Market nt.
FIRST-CLASS merchant • tailor's cutter want-
ed. ADPIy box 8044. Call.
- - - - * , j~ \u25a0\u25a0 ' - . •\u25a0\u25a0 — ' ---..\u25a0- \u25a0 •-\u25a0•\u25a0•-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JULY 27, 1905;
C 6 G©©@©9oe©fr«©e©<*««9«©« •••••••^••••••••••••••^^•••^•••••••^•«O«««
C 0 : ; — — — — — . \u0084,..: : ; — — : — — O9
© \u25a0 - '\u25a0 .•'•\u25a0-- ; : . \u25a0 \u25a0 - - '-.;\u25a0.\u25a0 q
® • •' " ' \u25a0 " \u25a0-' " ' " ,"-..;\u25a0 - ft
I To Our Small Ad Patrons v |
I A Cabarette or Fruit Plate !
© . ".'.... r _ - .: . ... . s _ \u25a0•"-- :. :. -. ..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,'. i •- \u25a0 •
0 I ..... . . 1, o
• " \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0 "\u25a0' ''" \u25a0' \u25a0 ' ' ; ' "• ' i
• •\u25a0•\u25a0..•... . -. i . j
• . •- .;\u25a0 ' ' ' ' .' . ;-: . "y-\~ .:- ' '. •- . ' '\u25a0- \u25a0 %
I \u0084 These-plates are^lOjnches in diameter,. made of crystal clear glass and are •
c very attractive in pattern." They are' particularly adapted for cake or fruit. As J
• the fruit season is just at hand their usefulness now is particularly apparent. %
I : \u25a0\u25a0 ' '.""'. ,V '\u25a0 . "'['\u25a0"\u25a0 ' ' • :\u25a0 v •
3 FREE to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad %
I "" ; ' ':\u25a0. ; , : : '" - : ' ..- I
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday J
1 ...FOR..;. S
s • , , - 1
j vibe Sun6a\> Call j
2 • • • • : ' •
S . . \u25a0 \u25a0 8
• . * NO ADS FOR THS SUNDAY CALL RECEIVED O
• LATER THAN 9 O'CLOCK, SATURDAY NIGHT 2
o •;. \u25a0 . — — . • . ... ... .. . . . I
• CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE •
O Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway. ©
HELP XV ANTED— MALE — Continued. HOUSES. TO LET.
WANTED — Foreman, blacksmith, $6 per diem; A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
an examination will be held at the- navy cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.,20. ,20 Montgomery
yard. Mare Island. Cal.. August S. 1905, to •— —
fill the above position. For application and TWO houses on -Broadway, near Gough st.;
further information address COMMANDANT. 1787 of 10 rooms, $55; 1769 of 8 rooms, $45;
Navy Yard. Mar* Island, Cal. choice location and marine view.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80 $18— REAR house; 4 nicely furnished room*,
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates: Inquire 1412 Polk sL, near California.
- our six schools Indorsed by all railroads: day m . _ •
and evening session; apply for catalogue. Ttnrrsmo trtniL-ieni,^ r.«r. -I.^~
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st. HOUSES FURMSHED-FOR SALE.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for FURNITURE of 0 rooms for sale: will sell at
postoffice. Internal revenue, bookkeeper, de- a great sacrifice: cash only. 760 Post st
partment clerk and other Government post- m
tions: particulars free; open day and ' eve. ~ " : " . g
Pacific Correspondence Institute. 1098 Market. __ | __ : COTTAGES TO LET.
WANTED— Job compositors, cylinder prees men $\u2666« — PRETTY cottage; NW. cor. Eureka* and
and feeders platen press men and feeders; 20th. If desired with carpets and stove; 5
non-union". Apply PAYOT, UPHAM & CO., rooms, * attic and large basement.
100 Battery Et. ' -\u25a0 ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know INVESTMENTS.
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 *.: — ,—, — -\u25a0 \u25a0 . .. u_
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House. A — 4% TO 6% ON DEPOSIT CERTIFICATES
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night. • - Withdrawal at Pleasure.
WANTED-Young man who is an .experienced
dry jroods bundle wrapper _ Apply between s th Floon 708 Market sL.SF.. Cal.
0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. Guarantee Capital $600,000. All subscribed.
WANTED — Young man to run elevator; wages OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS. v
$30 per month. Address W. J.. box 7908, Hon. Jas. G. Magruire. .Ex-U. S. Congressman
Call office. Hon. E. K. Taylor -Ex-State. Senator
" Chas. A. Murdock.Pres. C A. Murdock & Co
HOP pickers wanted; lists open July 24. Call J. M. Duke Assoc. Chas. Webb Howard
•and arrange for transportation, tents, etc. A ller. M. Clay Secy. Bank of California
American Hop and Barley Co.. 227 California. Joseph A. Leonard.. General Manager
WANTED — Pupils to learn cutting and design- \u25a0————»— ————\u25a0\u25a0^ ———»—»
Jng of men's garments. School of Practical INVALID CHAIRS.
Cutting-. 810 Market st., room 09. . \u25a0 ; \u25a0 — ~
1 SOLD, rented, exchanged: -manufacturer of the
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; situa- Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 775.
tions guaranteed: wages while learning. Call 111 , — —
or address Moler's Barber College. 644 Clay. " ' LOST AND " FOUND.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per — - — \u25a0 ; — ~ ; ~~ — — ,-—
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec- LOST — Sacramento St., between Scott and
trie light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d. Steiner. pocketbook containing cash, rall-
__ v _„_•_ .>,„«= „„\u25a0„ -_.j. «i __j t< ka road tickets and checks; payment: of checks
TRY our men s shoes, union made. $1 and $1 50 stormed- liberal rpward 2786 Sacramento at
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 50:. we pay express stoppea. liberal rewara. bacramento st.
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bldg.: open till 9 pm. LOST— In Golden Gate Park or oh cars, a
"S^HA&SSEx "n jIfSS. st ndB) f ° r o a f d c^ Ol IuSe h: re t wa n ra ft turned" tot?
ships. HACLBERT. 517 Jackson st. J. HAGGERTY. care Call office. :v .
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade free. ,ta, t _. pm R»t» Knnna key with mv name
San Francisco Barber College, 741 A Howard. L^^it pleise^eturn To H. T SUS-
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullln.-r. 40. Phelan bid. pard. The Buckingham, and receive reward-
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. G. A. R. LOST— Mtnk neckfur, Monday, vicinity Geary
MEN to go on ships to Australian and other st. and Grant! aye.; reward. Room 337,
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. .Phelan building.
MEN wanted at 105 3d St.. where shoes are re- LOST— Sunday. July 23. ladles' breastpin set
paired by machinery: sewed coles 10 mm.. 70c. ; with diamond chips, one stone missing; re-
— ; ward. 11 San Carlos aye. city. , ' v
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments. \u0084 ;—; —
Law and Adjustment Co. 49 2d St.. r. 522/ • LOST — Saturday afternoon, gold sunburst pin,
! with large diamond in center: liberal reward.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Bc 2237 Union St., near^Flllmore. \u25a0 . .
to 60c 11 Third St.. Examiner building.. . • \u25a0 — — ; _ . . \u25a0
— LOST— Small dragon 1 pin. Sunday evening, be-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar- tween Church and Valencia sts. on 23d. Re-
ket — 700 rooms;, 35c night; reading rooms; turn to 115fi Church st.; liberal- reward. \u25a0
' free bus and bagpage to and from ferry. > i — \u25a0 — — — — rrrrr — — — r —
. CHF.APEST and best In America — The Weekly
A BRANCH office of The. Call for the.; recap- Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions, has United States or Canada one year for $1,
been opened at -1008 Market at., opposite -poetatre paid. . \u25a0' " „
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. iV 1 '' _ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0—
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at V \u0084: ] LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
Call ranch office, cor. Duncan' and Church sts. ~ — '*—\u25a0-*\u25a0 : : \u25a0 — '\u25a0 — >-~-
<f'< <• ' ' ' \u25a0'\u25a0! C. A. " McNEILL LAUNCH CO., E foot of j Clay
• SALESMEN WANTED. " Bt.. for pleasureand business; tel. s Bush: 534.
WANTED— Salesmen ,to sell KINLOCH MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF & ;___ . "'- \u25a0'--- ' '- '" "--'-•-'--- ' — _ — _
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces- BEST renting stock in the city; good uprights
sary; excellent side lines; no samples. Pa- at « 2 per mo.: some at $2 50; our own make.
; cine Distributing C 0.., 316 Sacramento St., " 13. 'one- year's rental 'off purchaat»
San Francisco Cal. :.. ,-\u25a0 • price. • SCOTT-CURTAZr 560 Hayes ;st.-, .- •
~~^tS^-AN^ WAGONS. / A J^RGE^^ . of . jjUngrtrpta, -^U^re
w7Sc^i^rrgain S ,for everybody In wagons. fURTAZ : & SON. 16; O'Farrell st. ; Ch.cker-
rubber-tire runabouts; all kinds of new and ing agem-y.., .-..--..- - . /. .,
2d-hd busineES buggies doctor's buggy.«cart», WILL sell. $475 standard make upright cabinet
harness, robes at Kleiner's, 1503-5 \u25a0 Folsom. Grand piano at a sacrifice. Call from 8 a.
A-FOR s-le^lO good young horses " Jusf ar- n,..t0'9 o. :m. :-584,Valencla it.;; v-^ ; •
rived- must be sold by August 1.'..: y : ALMOST- given 'away: s unredeemed storage pl-
. J. D. FORRESTER. ' 411 i Sixth , st. anos.sfurn. Whitehead's , storage. 1636 Mkt.
SECOND-HAND Fraxer cart, Victoria, wagon- FOHMER, Byron Mauzy planon. Ceclllan piano
ette, coupe, pony cart and harness of all de- player. BYRON MAUZY.* 308-312; Post st; ,4
scrlptlon at 500 Golden Gate aye. — \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 — —
\u25a0 — : . NEW upright. pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
NEW and secona-hand wagons, buggies, sur- ments. - SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st. I*l
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. — . . ,—;, — ; r—
211 Larkln st. San Francisco. ,;; 3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickerlng^baby grand.
" ll ' ' Shonlnger little use>l .K»effe's.:2S3 O'Farrell.
WANTED — A: delivery r- horse; ..^medium.- size, — — — — — — — — — — \u25a0\u25a0— \u25a0 — «
young and gentle.- 2347 Lombard St.; ,;,,;, MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
AU v C Tv O U>dne\d O aV^n S> a W m °"«7 a SlrthTt"" ToTn^sicians-Advertißer deM^ services "of
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. Mt Sixth st . « aWe - musician.:' capable. of .wrlUngr music cor-
WILL*- sell ' cheap, -\u25a0 fine V business 1 buggy,' top i\ rectly : from f dictation \or ocular \u25a0 demonstra-
buggy or phaeton^:: 823 Fulton st. ,. \u25a0 . r^.-.; \u25a0v. tlon. ~. Address Composer.^box 5045, Call. \
FINE rubber-tire leather r top I doctor's . buggy ~~~ ~ •\u25a0 • ; -. ..tispitmk •-'\u25a0-."' r. v -
and .Victoria: cheap... 1503-05 Folaom et. - ,^ \u25a0••', /,./\u25a0'_ ;.;.:! jz~?^^~!j ; : I^l.-- ; : j_^_" ; - ; '
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and DR.iLIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
*ocart for, sale, cheap. -532 , Mission at. i vmoved to 1023 Market St.; near Sixth. ?
.•:-\u25a0' • . -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0' . \u0084.-.-• - : --.. r -": \ \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0:'-,
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
WANTED — Foreman, blacksmith, $6 per diem;
an examination will be held at the navy
yard. Mare Island. CaL. August S. 1905, to
fill the above position. For application and
further information address COMMANDANT.
Navy Yard, Mare. Island, Cal. . \
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates:
- our six schools indorsed by all railroads: day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st
WANTED — Men. {and women to prepare for
postoffice. Internal revenue, bookkeeper, de-
partment clerk and other Government posi-
tions; particulars free; open day and ' eve.
Pacific Correspondence Institute. 1095 Market.
WANTED — Job compositors, cylinder press men
and feeders platen press men and -feeders;
non-union". Apply PAYOT, UPHAM & CO.,
100 Battery Et. ! - '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — Young man who Is an, experienced
dry «roods bundle wrapper. Apply between
0 and 11 a_ m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man to run elevator; wages
$30 per month. Address W. J., box 7908,
Call office. . -
HOP pickers wanted; lists open July 24. Call
•and arrange for transportation, tents, etc.
American Hop and Barley Co., 227 California.
WANTED — Pupils to learn cutting and design-
Ing or men's garments.' School of Practical
Cutting. 916 Market St., room 69. .
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks; situa-
tions guaranteed: wages while learning. Call
or address Moler s Barber College. 644 Clay.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50:. we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bldg.; open till 9 pm.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
chips. HAgLBERT. 517 Jackson st
WANTED — Men to learn ! barber trade free.
San Francisco Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullln.-r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
MEN to go on ships to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 105 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles* 10 mm., 78c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d St.. r. 622.' •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Bc
to 60c 11 Third st. Examiner building..
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 \u25a0 rooms; , 35c night: reading rooms;
' free bus and bagpape to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the.; recap-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions, has
been opened at -1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call ranch office, cor. Duncan' and Church sts.
t SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED— Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF . &
IRON PAINT, to stores; experience unneces-
sary; excellent side lines; no samples. ' Pa-
cific Distributing C 0.,, 316 Sacramento st,
Ban Francisco Cal. . ' •\u0084:;'•
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WAGONS — Bargains, for everybody In' wagons,
rubber-tire runabouts; all kinds of new and
2d-hd business buggies, doctor's buggy,«cart9,
harness, robes at -Kleiner's, 1503-5 • Folsom.
A FOR eale-^-10 good . young . horses ' Just' ar-
rived- must be sold by August 1.:.:
. J. D. FORRESTER. : 411 i Sixth , st '
SECOND-HAND Fraxer cart, Victoria,' wagon-
ette, coupe,< pony cart and harness of all de-
scription at 500: Golden Gate aye.
NEW and second-hand wagons.' buggies, sur-
reysand harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
211 Larkln st. San Francisco. , i ; : \u0084
WANTED — A. delivery:- horse; '..medium.- size,
young and gentle.'- 2347 Lombard st.'j ;''.,?•\u25a0;
AUCTION sale of horses", wagons . and harness
every Wed nesday at 1 1 a. ' m.~ 327 Sixth st
WILL" sell : cheap. '. flne business buggry, top
buggy or phaeton. 523 Fulton st. ...,.; v-
FINE rubber-tire : leather " top i doctor's .- buggy
\u25a0 and .Victoria;' cheap. : -IWI3-O5:Fol«3m et. -
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND water piper that will stand
pressure In lengths of from 12 to 20 feet.
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paraffins paint, ready to use.
1 in.. 3%c ft; 1% in.. 6c ft; 2 In., 8c ft
2% In.; 10c ft; 8 In., 12Ho ft;3H In.; 15c ft
4 in.; 10c per ft; 6 in.. 24c ft; c In., 800 ft
To avoid unnecessary correspondence we
will say . that this Is all - right and guaran-
teed; send money by Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
Express or mall order. -: . <
H. a WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office, 130 Beale st. 8. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WQLPMAN. 185-107 Fremont st
FOR sale— New and second-hand ' billiard and
pool tables; easy \u25a0 payments: we rent tables
with privilege, of buying modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKJE-
COLLENDER.^62S Mission st. S. F. .;
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
and electrical' machinery. JOHNSON &
\u25a0 HORA-N, 602 Third st. \u25a0-.. . ..
ALL kinds of: second-hand machinery, boilers
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG 4 CO., 905 Market st;
phone South 87. : . • - \u25a0 •
TRY our men's - shoes -at $1 and $1 80 pair-
foot-form shoes at -$2 50; we pay express
charges 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free*.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery en-
gines. \u25a0 boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st. \u0084 •
A— GENT'S full dress suits to rent. j"
COOPER. 21 Stockton it., second floor. \u25a0
MILES of -pipe and fittings, all sizes cheap
- EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st
FOR sale — 2 nice fresh cows. S. SISAK. 217
Isabel St.. near San Bruno. \u25a0'
A. VERY flne 23-stone lady's diamond studded
- locket at a bargain. 10 Sixb st.
AL K, kl ? d ,? , camp "furniture -rented.- ROSS-
McMAHON CO.. 35 . Market st.
A S MY _ «hoes. \u25a0. $1 55- U. S. N. flannel ihlrts.
$1 20;: open eve. Mechanics'. Store. 574 4th.
TWO merry -go- rounds; one miniature rall-
way. BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny st
:HIOH' grade 2d-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
IMANN SAFE CO..' 417-27 Sacramento st
2D-HAND \u25a0 bldg. material; lAnber. door. ; sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.; 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, "magic lanterns, sale rental-
bargains. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 Post st.
' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
OLD picture* of George .Washington; also hls-
toncal pictures; send name of engraver/ and
publisher on' picture.; Collector, 2180 Sutter.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
.\u25a0 off clothing. Tel. Davis 823. -650 Sacramento.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
&'• C 0. ., 400-401 .Adams, bldg.. 20« Kearny st
BUILDINGS and building material bought The '
Dolan Co.. 1607 Market St.; phone Jessie 2021
\u25a0.;';' :'\u25a0<\u25a0 :.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0^medical. \u25a0 :-. . v '.\u25a0:
DR. G.W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
.' S 6lck:or In trouble, .consult this specialist on
\u25a0female complaints; : positively corrected; the
H unfortunate helped : 'the most | difficult cases
treated : ; every case . taken ; • immediate relief ;
no poisoning drugs; low. fees;; my methods
will cure all leases; of Irregularity ;v; v consult
.' me: save time and money; advice free. Office
! 101S Market Bt.; hours o*a. : m. JtlHO p. m.'
MRS. DR.-.WYETH. ; specialist . for all female
g complaints and'/lrregularitles: .Instant -relief
guaranteed; 30 years', experience. -. t>44 IPost1 Post st.
MRS.'DR. 7 KOHL.. reliable specialist Tor all fe-
.:: male ' troubles. > and irregularities; instant re-
v : lief guaranteed. Office. hours 0 to 5.' Sunday
J 10 to 2. 100814 Market st. opposite Fifth.-
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence
r jlO2l*£ Market «.", bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
.. lar 'attention paid *:to diseases of. women... •_•--
DRS.'. GOODWIN'S ' herb ;; treatment: \u25a0" reliable,
• safe.' prompt. - for female , Irregularities: I relief
...; or no fee:. slo;. hr«. 9-8, 850 Mkt st. suite 37
A— MRS. DR.'! GWYER." 611 A Leavenworth st.
;; bet.- ; Geary ; and : O' Farrell. :.* Phone . East ! 607."*;
DR.' and "MRS. rDA VIES: and«:Hlndo Herbs;
TK original > method of : treatment. ' 1126 Market;
DR., ROSEJN, ! residence 2095 Folsom st. corner
f: Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10."
! MEDICAL r -Contlngj?d : __
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold- price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. \u25a0 > • .
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
24 hours; 19 years' • experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling: strictly private: elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market
• MONEY TO LC\N. ' . "'
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.) —
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
.".:. INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
...:..... PROPERTY
Second mortgages. life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bond?.
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.-
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.... -
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. : phone Main 5924.
R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building.
Third . floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense,
. Ixians any amount at 5Vi and « per cent
On first, second and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided Interests In estate and property.
. Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY. .
Phone. Main 5516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any kind, without removal: we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN In the
WORLD: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; in case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
- This Is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON Is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
16. 739 Market st. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
.. 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; . no disappointments.
• Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc.: legacies, lif&estaUS and undivided ln-
. teresta In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Se» HERMAN MURPHY.
. . . WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
_ . Ist 2d or 3d \u25a0
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location,' etc.
Box 223. Call office. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
878 Market st. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1182
; Market st and 27 Third st. .
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terma. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
. removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
Ist or 2nd mortgages or oa any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 533 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without ' removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohue bldg., 8 Taylor St.. corner Market.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of Interest and square deal. - »Old Flood
bid.. 809 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1; est. 1368.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security: good terms and easy pay-
ments: also on other security. 307 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest, gold.
• silver, diamonds pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
LOANS on diamonds, watches and Jewelry:
private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 206
Kearny st. Glebe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn.. estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg
MONEY. Money. Money.
Any proposition, 49 2d st., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 23 Stockton st
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 519.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 13.
ALL Hoans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
' mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
; ' '" ' - ' NURSES. ''_•_ '
AN experienced nurse would like the cars of
one or two patients at her home; large
sunny grounds. ' 1400 Irving st.. cor. of
Baker. South Berkeley. -
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL discount of 50 per cent off.
My usual reasonable prices for balance of
this month In order to reach the tourists: I
positively guarantee to restore the beautiful
contour of the fact; remove flabby and un-
sightly double chins by my own original, scl-
. entitle method: imiestlgate Immediately; con-
sultation and beauty booklet free.
• M. ELLA HARRIS.
. . ,'.->-V 1 128 Geary st.
Remember. 00 per cent off this month only.
"REXRADIO" (Instantly) made my totally
DEAF ear begin to hear; I know several
cured by him of CANCER, total DEAF-
NESS. GASTRITIS. DEAF-MUTEI3M. etc.
"Broker," 206 Kearny st., suite 609.
"REXRADIO'S" phenomenal "H'D RADIUM"
'-treatment for -ALL supposed INCURABLE;
diseases: NONE NEED DESPAIR. Free
consultation. Terms moderate. Hours. 2 to
6. 509 Kearny st.. suite 2.
STOUT LADIES, attention — Two competent la-
dles, pupils of . Delsarte and Madam Priest.
\u25a0 will take a limited number of ladles, wish-
ing to reduce their superfluous flesh; full In-
formation. Call 1225 Geary st. first floor, or
\u25a0 ' phone East 4461. ... ~
RAG carpets wove to order and for sals; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer In
\u25a0 carpet twine. In hank or . chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AT less . than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. .721 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, halrdress-
ers. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st.
NOTHING down, $1 a week to keep well
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co., 231 Post st
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$23.* for $0 75.-440 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards - prepaid
50c. BACIGALUPI. 756 Mission st .
$IVA 'WF.EK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
!•'. '1127 Market, st. between Seventh & Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes. \u25a0 play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
\u0084V \u25a0 ~ PILES CURED.
PILES. FISTULA, etc. — Cured to stay cured;
«,nly humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business; 7000 cured:why not you?
' no salve proposition: Investigate.- THOMAS
J> KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bldg.. S. F.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
WONG -WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
•\u25a0; eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign;
law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st
—————— —^———
LAUNDRY of kinds ' only union help: prices"
\u25a0• rooming-houses,; sheets - and slips, 20c do*. •
towels. Mo each. Tel. SMITH. Howard 4011.
1 LEGAL ,'} NOTICES. \u25a0 .
THE undersigned beg to inform the public at
- large ' and : whomever It may concern that
they have purchased : the , "Washington Ho-
•tel,".'l4 Washington st, from Frank Roaales
' - and ' Mrs. * Maria Pena - Rosalesr free from \u25a0 all
debits or; credits " The actual prODrietors,
therefore. : inform . the public that from Mon-
day, ; July 31, they will not be responsible
for any unsaid account B. GALLO. \u25a0N.
' GORI. •: -\u0084---'.:\u25a0. . \u25a0 ...
HAVING ' bought r the candy -; business of •J.
\u25a0 Lang.- -' I i will Jnot be- responsible for any
debU- contracted r by him.' MRS. FAYNE. • '
j. - \u25a0_ - . - - -. \u25a0 . \u25a0 • \u25a0---.\u25a0 \u25a0'•'-\u25a0_ '-'\u25a0 . -. - \u0084 \u25a0' -
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
W. D. BROWN & CO.,
203 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. COLLECTINO,
INSURANCE.
$130.000— $STCO per year net rent: lot has 90
feet frontage, downtown, splendid Im-
provements.
sSs.oCO— Elegant «-story .building, right down-
town; fine condition; rented low at $500
per month.
$4C,5G0 — Splendid large Chinatown corner oa
Dupcnt st., 3-* tory brick Improvements;
leased for $3CO per month net; ten-
ant pays water, taxes. Insurance, etc:
section going up.
$23,000— *2CS p*r month; corn«r. close In; fair
Improvements; lot 5tix137:6 feet.
MUST BE SOLD.
$17,000— Polk and California sts.: renta $120
per month; lot 36x120 feet; fine Im-
provements.
$17.000— 515C0 a year net rent; leased for 5
years; splendid location; Western Ad-
dition: t«nant pays water and makes
repairs.
$11.250 — Key lot', near Ellis and Jonas sta.;
2 fronts; nominal improvements; rent-
ing: for $50; a speculation.
RESIDENCES.
$12.000 — Leaving- city for Los Angeles: sacrl-
-fice; elegant corner facing Golden Gat*
Park; lot 32x100 feet; gas and electric
— lights, billiard hall. S rooms and baths;
this is a bargain.
$11,000 — A Broadway home: swell section; 10
rooms and bath; lot la 43 feet front by
IID feet deep and la alone worth price.
BUILDING LOT.
-$17.500— Van Ncsa and Pacific 'ayes. : lot 48x
137:6 feet, graded, sewered, etc
W. D.- BROWN ft CO.,
203 Montgomery st.
PARNASSUS HBIOHTS.
LOTS IK THIS BEAUTIFUL. DI3TRICT
GOING RAPIDLY.
Adjoining Golden Gate Park aad «»• Affil-
iated Colleges and extending from First to 3«r-
enth ayes. Level stretch of fine lots. ' Street
work all completed, including CM and vaUr
mains, sidewalks, sewers and . blturnlnlied sta.
• "\u25a0' " • \u25a0 ' '
Th« prices ar* all right — from $1900 npr tb« -
values are Increasing every day.
Terms are easy: ene-flfth down and bsUrw
In one, two or three year* at 8 per c«aS.
zzzm
Inquire at Branch Office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Seventh aye. and H St.,
E. M. LONG. Manager.
Open Sundays aad every day In the ytax,
$500 DOWN and $35 per month will moot* m
new residence of 0 rooms and bath: Tenth
aye., near the park. Sunset District; large
lot; on the sunny side of street. Apply
branch office of BALDWIN A HOWELL,
Seventh aye. and H st.
FOR SALE BY GEORGE K. FRINK.
Rooms 708-6, Union Trust bldg.. 14 Montgom'y.
NE. corner Perry and Third sta.; 45x153 and
Improvements, $60,000.
SW. corner Devisadero and Jackson st*. :
67:6x137:6 and Improvements, $50,000.
Lot on north side of North Point st.. BOx
137:6, near Jones; $4500.
Lot on north side of Fulton st., 100 east of
Polk; 120x120 to Austin St.: $45,000.
SE. corner Perry and Third sts.; 23x92.
with L; Improvements; U3.000.
NE. corner Fifteenth and SShow*t w* 11 sts.; 33x
110, with L; half improvements; $12,500.
• ' INSTALLMENTS.
Two lots, 11 and 13. on Waltham st.. near
Columbia place. Bernat Heights, $350 each.
Lot on east - line of Wisconsin St.. near
Twentieth, Potrero; 25x100; 1300.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO PROPERTY.
Lot on 11th aye.. near F St.; 73x100; $300.
Lot on north side of Thirteenth aye.. near L
St., South San Francisco. 150x100; $1300; will
subdivide.
Fifteenth aye. South, near S st.; 23x100;
ON. & H. Tract; $350.
Bayvlew Park lot, 20x130; 35th aT«.: $330.
Lot 50x100. SW. cor. 20th aye. and I st. : $800.
Lot 73x100. N. side of 22d aye. South, nr.
K. $1000; will subdivide. .
BUY ONB BEFORE '^
THEY ADVANCE IS PRICK.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$223 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; one grade;
close to school and Mlsslon-st. electric cars;
bound to double In value
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes- fine lots; near Ocean boulevard; beat
residence location south of Golden Gate Park:
these are the cheapest lota In this district;
advancing In price rapidly.
• W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st-. r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
$5730 — NEARLY completed and rented; ser--
eral two-story swell Rats; close to main en-
trance to the Park and at other locations;
, no objectionable light wells or inside rooms "
In these flats and every room Is and will be
sunny; every known latest improvement; IS
minutes from City Hall; 5 car Uses; one
runs all nlzht. Apply new buildings. Fifth
aye., bet. Fulton and C sta.. from 2:30 to
5 p. ro.
BEAUTIFUL home; 7 rooms, bath, garden,
\u25a0yard, very level; % block Guerrero-st. cars;
lot 23x100; title perfect: rented for $13 50;
can be put In flats; worth $2S0O; will sacri-
fice for $ISSO to make quick sale; first come,
first served: location 807 Faxton avenue.
Owner. 51-53 McAllister st.. mear Market.
FOR sala: a bargain; $4000; was offered $4300
2 years ago— Property, 7 large sunny room*,
bath, gardes; lot 30x120; with little change*
It could be made Into two 5- room flats;
rented $43 a month: no trouble renting It; to-
be seen this week only. Owner, 412 Forty-
fonrth aye.. near Sutro Heights. ' \u25a0
COLE st.. 4 blocks south of Halgat— A look
at this block of artistic 7 and 8 room homes
will convince you that you must have one:
every one a bargain. ROUNTREE HOM3
BUILDINO CO.. 317 Montgomery st.
$15 MONTHLY; small cash payment; 4-room
corner cottage: lot 36x03 ft.: directly la
front of the Mlsslon-st. car line. OSCAR
HEYMAN A BROTHER. 113 Sutter St.
$6000 — LEAVEN WORTH-st. corner; store and,
flat. S room*, bath: rents $32 30 mo. ; high
basement. Perm Realty Co.. 2815 Mission
St.. bet. 22d and 23d; phone Capp 8592.
$6000 — 3 NEW flats, one new cottage, on Oner.
rero st. car line; make an offer; owner leav-
Ing city. Apply 3297 > Mission it.
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall *
t Steams' patent fixtures for apartment* Aad
cottages. Aronson bldg., 84 Third st.
$2SCO— $2OO DOWN. $25 month; new modern
cottage: warm belt. 3616 22d, Pr- Church. . .
REAL ESTATE-COmrniT-Fw Smlm.
FOR hotel, sanitarium or beautiful hornet . My
home reserve and Chittenden Sulphur Springs
at Chittenden. Santa Crux Co.. CaL Only
great group of J medicinal sulphur spring* -
easily accessible from S. F. Trains stop at'
Chittenden station within 300 feet of springs.'
Fine climate, beautiful . scenery, best part of
Bute. $8000 worth of Improvements, all new..
Great water right, fine water system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 38 acres choicest soil; a grand place
and a great opportunity to maim money.
Price $16,000. very eas7 terms. Owner, T.
CHITTENDEN. Chlttenden. CaL
' $2200 23 ACRES good valley land, one . mile)
from large town. Alameda County; publla
and high schools; some Improvements; .fine
climate;- an Ideal general farm; no better
location for poultry raising. H. H. CRANE.
BOS California st. ', -
$6000 — COUNTRY hotel and resort. 3« miles
from this city, clcse to railroad depot, Ala-
meda County; perfect climate, beautiful
scenery and surroundings: a ' rare oppor-
tunity; easy terms If desired. See photos
at this office." H. H. CRANE. 508 California
street. . ___i_ -
FAWCETT A JOHNSON. 811 James Flood Bid*
9TO Market st.. opp. The Emporium. . .
Real Estate
Business and
Personal Property.
We sell on commission or by registration.
Our registration method brings buyer * and
seller in direct communication without com-
mission.
We Invite Investigation.
We want your patronage.
WONDERFUL pAJARO VALLET .
$1300—26 acres near Watsonville, Santa Crua
\u25a0 County; 6>acre» full bearing orchard, ap-
ples apricots, cherries, walnuts: new 4-
room house, cost $400; barn, wagon sheds,
granary, chicken houses; Insured $600; all
farming Implements; this nrtc« is only
for immediate sate.
BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery . St.
• San Francisco. CaL
$430 TO $1500— Beautiful » <«ldlng Mtea; T cot-
tages. $l«iw and up; acreages a specialty;
new &-ruom Hat: new entases and other
. property to rent. J. E. LEWIS. KentflelJ.
Marin County. . \u25a0 --
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES BURR-PADDON CO. 40 Mont-
,. gomery st . San Francisco. Cal.
WE lead them all for poultry, ranches.
BATCHELOR * STARKE. Penajrore. 3o-
noma County. Cat. • . .: : .5 \
FULLER :& . " DINWIDDIE; Petaluma. Cal. ..
chicken ranches specialty: write .Information.
Con l l nurd on t Pace 14.
1314
REAL ESTATE — COUNTttV— For Sale.
ALFALFA— IRRIGATED LANDS.
1 25 Per Acre. $5 Down,
Balance 5n four >-«-ars. Write or call for cjr-
eulare. INDEX LAND AND BOND CO.. ninth
floor Kohl building. San FrancUea.
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
OS a cold, foggy day take a ride to Burlln-
irame and note the difference in climate.
You will enjoy the outing. A delightful
place dote to the city. Beyond question the
lots we are offering for eale directly at tut
t-tation are the best 'bargain in the market:
big lots. 50x150 and larger, for ?45n : terras
»3« rash, $10 monthly. Only a few iot«
left at those low prices. Office on grounds.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
BULL I'ALLEV REAL ESTATE.
ONE of San Francisco's most charming eub-
urbe is Mill Valley; it is growing so fast:
.we have a few lots left in our tract richt
st the station, commanding grand view of
bay and mountains: some are covered with
trees; all the streets are sewered; water
mains laid; prices range from $SOO to $650;
terms 10 per cent caeh, $10 monthly. Agents
on tract Sunday. LYON &. HOAG, 110
Montgomery st.
SAN BIATEO REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a few choice building lots for «ale at
Mlllbrse; $200; ?25 cash, $5 month: no Inter-
est; maps, circular* or further information.
Inquire F. A. DCNBAR, room 30, old Flood
building. 609 Market st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — Good income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.. Investment Bankers. <9
New Montgomery st.
WANTED— SO to 100 ft. frontaße bet. I and
W sts.. 27th and 47th ayes. Box 5166 Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
DO you want to cell your real estate or ex-
change your property?
If so. list It with us at once: we have a
large clientage not enly In California but In
" Eastern cities as well. Quick sales and
satisfied clients.
W. 3. MORGAN & CO.,
Investment Bankers,
78 New Montgomery St..
Croasley Building. San Francisco.
LETT us submit your property to our clients:
•we have buyers for city real estate ranging
from $2500 to $250,000. Call at our offices
or drop us a line stating where our repre-
sentatives can see you.
S. W. CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker Bldg. Phone Main 654.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'ITTS
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
PARK. 836. Alameda — Furnished cottage; 8
room* and bath; gas and electricity.
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
TWO nicely furnished rooms for light house-
keeping 8028 Taylor aye.. near Ninth eC.
Alameda. "*\u25a0 .
BERKELEY ADYERT ? S'XTB
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MILLS. THE REAL ESTATE MAN.
(ti's0 — 12-room house: large lot; near cars; on
Dwight way; a lovely home.
$5500— New 2-story 9-room house: building
guaranteed to be first-class in every re-
ep«ct; beautiful location.
$6200 — House, 11 room*, a barn, fruit trees,
etc.; lot 75x130;- near Key Route; very
fine.
$3000 — Bungalow, 5 romos: lot 50x123; on
Grove St., near R. R. «ation; a Jewel.
$3150 — Cottage. 6 rooms: on Dana, near R. R.
M2uo — House, 7 rooms; new and complete in
all parts; you Ehould see it.
11700 — Lot In La Loma Park, 65x250; a para-
dise for a little money.
$1575 — Lot adjoining Hopkins Terrace on the
south; 50X145; cheap, but a beauty.
2 lots in Wheeler Tract to be sacrificed.
PHILO MILLS. 2141 Shattuck aye.
Phone Main 2182.
VALUES GOOD AND PRICES RIGHT.
53(100 — New 6-room house- ; near Fulton and
Asbby: lot 33:6x100.
f^Oo_Same. with lot 67x100.
$1150 — Lot 50xl«0. in the Berry-Bangs Tract.
$5250 — Fine new 6-room house on Etna St.; lot
50x155.
A choice, large building site In La Loma Park
at a bargain.
A splendid view lot on Reservoir Hill, on Gar-
ber st.
A number cf fine houses for rent.
Call at our office and we will show the prop-
erty.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
Postoffice Block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? 3rTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NOTHING LIKE THEM IN OAKLAND.
CHEAP LOTS'.!
LoJ« $75 and upward; $5 cash. $5 monthly;
the Boulevard Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
©0-foot speed road and scenic boulevard to
Haywards front and sides this home site; Hay-
warde and San Leandro electric cars to it; 8.
F. 38-minute service to it: Key Route connec-
tions to it; the California electric Road 2000
feet through this tract; all lines of cars to it;
fr-cent fare; it le now established that this Is
the best building home site to be found; sandy
loam soil; no fogs, no cola winds; overlooks
the bay and Alameda. Call or send for cir-
cular, CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale aye., or
455 7th St.. opp. Broadway elation, Oakland.
Carriage free. GEO. H. LEE, Owner. - '
*500 CASH. $10 monthly; 8 large rooms, nearly
new; eire 12x14. 12x14 and 14x16; beautifully
finished Inside; with large basement; com-
mands an unobstructed view of the valley
ana San Francisco, which can never be cut
off; city water: fenced: good location; lot
100x100; not far from electric cars and large
schools; adjoining East Oakland; price in all
$1150: call or send for circular, 455 7th st.,
opp. Broadway station, Oakland. HENRY Z.
JONES. Owner. \u25a0
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture,
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
. ROO^IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHENERY, 141 — 1 or 2 eunny. famished rooms
for housekeeping; cars pass door.
JEDDY. 179tt — Sunny rooms, completely fur-
nished; bath, gas, yard: no children. ,
HAIGHT. 3 — Sunny front rooms with kitchen,
furn. ; light housekeeping: gas; gas range.
HAIGHT. 232 — 4 unfurnished rooms, first floor;
very desirable; convenient. Tel. Fell 2372.
JACKSON. 18S0 — Front parlor, kitchen con-
necting: also front alcove and kitchen, gas
range, bath and laundry. /\u25a0
JACKSON. 2311 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms: bath and gas. • -•-
JESSIE. 323 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, gac range, $3 50. $2 50, $2 each, week.
JONES. 507. corner O'Farrell — Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 817% — Nicely furnished sunny corner
room, with gas stove: reasonable.
MARTHA place. 6. off Geary, near Mason —
Floor 4 unfurnished rooms; no children.
MISSION. 2022 — 2 eunny furnished front rooms
for hoosekeeplng: gas range; single rooms.
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gas
range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-s:{ 50 wk.
SACRAMENTO. Sol&— New and elegantly fur-
nlehed parlor suite and kitchen; phone
Geary 2408.
SIXTEENTH. 2336 — 2 or 3 sunny front con-
nectirg housekeeping rooms; eas: bath. |
TAYLOR, nil — Sunny room? folding-bed, gas
range; $7: attic room, gas range. $7 60.
THP.EE furnished housekeeping rooms, with
bath. Apply 3432 Seventeenth st.
WILLOW aye.. 8. off Larkln. near Eddy — Two
rooms. Turn. gecl. h;kpng. : no chlMren; $]!.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER. 1419 Leaven worth, near Washington
— Open to-day, 10 to *:3O; greatest novelty
ever got up for housekeeping; the conveni-
e»Ct of 5 rooms in 2; secUhls without fail;
you can't afford to miss It; rents $30 to $15;
first house of its, kind In this city; call to-
oay..
THE Vera Apartments, 1007 Bush St.. near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
tiUltes furn. or unfurn. for hskpg. ; also beau-
tifully furn. elnjle rms. for gents; reas.
A _ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT— New.
modern building; furn/ or unfurn. apartments
cf 2 .1 4 rooms; private baths: from $15 t>
$35."* Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason st.
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush. Powell; 3- room
sunny aprts.; single rooms: modern: reas.
ARIEL flats. Ml Turk— l-2-3-room housekeep-
ing apartments: furn. or unfurn.: reasonable.
THE Frederick. 901 6tanyan — 1 to 5 rooms,
evertooklng Golden Gate Park: teL P«ur. 6i«a.
j ROOMS TO " LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
i light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
X^ THE PIERRE, 579 O'FARRELL.
Beautifully furnished, light, bunny suite;
j also single room: excellent care; low- rent.
j AT -The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1. $1 W night;
I $1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
j ASH aye. BS. nr. City Hall— Large, sunny.
j front room, running water: rent cheap.
I EDDY, a— Choice furnished rooms; location
! of the best: reasonable terms.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store: 2 en-
Vancce. 112(5 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
UghtF. running water in rvery room: 200
roome; :&c to SOc per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY. 21C— Nice. well-furnlshed rooms; $1 *0
per Week.
FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms: all sizes and prices;
new, niodern: hot and cold water.
GEARY. C6o— Rooms to let.
GRAND SOUTHERN, Seventh and Mission—
100 rooms. 35c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $7 wk.
HARRIET. ISO— Two sunny furnished rooms
to let. $10 month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
en worth — 300 rooms; modern and up to date;
light, bunny and airy* hair mattresses; free
bathe' everything fresh and clean; single
rooms and baths: reasonable rates.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms. 25c to $1 per day;
$1 50 to $3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. 829— ROOMS. ROOMS: CLEAN.
CLEAN; TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HOWARD, 1126 (The Burton)— Fine new house
80 rooms: all newly furnished, with every
convenience; location central: rooms $1 25
week up? special Inducements to transients.
JONES. 700— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms.
LARKIN. S19 1 ' — Nice sunny room with run-
ning water; suitable for gentlemen; very rea-
sonabl*. •-
MCALLISTER. 453. cor. Van Ness— l large
Runny room; gas : closet: running water; $S.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St. — 400
6ingle and family rooms, 35c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor: 'hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and nlg'ut to its guests.
OCTAVIA, 625 — A newly furnished front par-
lor in private family: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurn. offices.
PARIS HOUSE. 829 Stevenson Bt., off Tenth—
Light rooms. $1 Per week.
POST, 962 — Rooms; single or In suites; $5 to
$8 per month; also housekeeping rooms, $10
to $12 month.
POWELL, 415 — Small, sunny rooms, $5 and $6
month.
RAILROAD aye.. 511. South — Room to let.
RIO VISTA Hotel, 253 Third St.. nr Howard —
New house, tvith modern conveniences; rooms
en suite and single; rates by day 35c up;
by week, ?2 up; baths free to guests.
SILVER, 126. near Third — 3 connecting rooms;
bath, yard; private- entrance; cheap.
THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell-
Rooms, 50c and upward; first-class service;
special rates by week to families.
TAYLOR. 309 — Large eunny front parlor, with
or without kitchen: also single rooms.
TURK. 204 — Nicely furnished, eunny rooms
from $1 75 up; quiet house. ,
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 400
roonm, 35c to $1 night, $1 76 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house in city; clean, neat;
charge* reasonable; central location com-
mends It to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms,
35c to $150 nightly. $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church stg.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at ICOS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD. .
EDDT^ 1124T~fronUng Jefferson Park— Fine
furnished rooms; several unfurnished roome;
table board if desired; very reasonable.
JOHNSTON. THE. 605 O'Farrell — Sunny suites
' and single rme; excellent board; references.
LIBERTY. 30 — Parlor suite, single rooms, hot,
cold water, bath; excellent board.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 807 California st.: new
carpets and interior; exceptional table; mud.
TO LEASE.
ANY portion of 60.000 square feet; best build-
ings In city: three street frontages; perfect
light and ventilation; all modern conven-
iences; within five minutes' walk of ferry
buildings Poetoffice. Wells, Fargo & Co. and
Call office; reasonable rent; if you want
•what you are looking for see us. HUGH
KEENAN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. 30
Jessie st.. city.
'iNSURANCE.^^^
- -\u25a0'.-'"-: . • '-" : J"
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNITED STATES BRANCH
ALLIANCE ASSURANCE CO. LTD. ,
OF LONDON. IN ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
DAY OF DECEMBER, A. D. 1904, AND FOR
THE YEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY. AS
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
SIONER of the state of California.
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 610 AND Cll OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER:
ASSETS.
Real Eetate owned by Company.... $159,675 61
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 7.000 00
Caeh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 665,778 50
Cash In Company's Office..; 16 37
Caeh in Banks 67,540 74
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 6,341 66
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages «1" 40
Premiums in due Course of Collee-
tlon '\u25a0 85.49527
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 161 16
Rents due and accrued 500 00
Total Assets .$1,002.826 70
LIABILITIES. — — —
Loeses adjusted and unpaid $4,415 39
Losses in process of Adjustment or \u0084„__.
In Suspense ""JuS AX
Losses resisted. Including expenses. .^250 00
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run- - ">•
nlng one year or less, $339,653 S3; • \u25a0
reinsurance 50 per cent 169,826 91
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $211.- „„\u25a0„/„.,
218 57- reinsurance pro.rata 132,664 61
All other Liabilities 38,686 74
Total Liabilities $357,722 OS
INCOME .
Net cash actually received for - „„, •
Fire premiums $471.034 17
Received for Interest and dividends *».
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources.. 21,30942
Received for Rents 14.572 63
Received from Home Office . 445,135 23
Total Income $952,051 47
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Loeses
(Including $18,932 38, losses of
previous years) $190.694 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or - -
Brokerage ••• 114.457 44
Paid for Salarle*. Fees, and other
charges . for officers, clerks, etc. 16,314 26
Paid for State, National and Local '
Taxes 9,06963
All other payments and expendi-
tures 26.16463
Remitted to Home Office 491,017 91
Total Expenditures ............ $847,718 30
\u25a0 Fire. ""'
Lo-tses incurred during the year. $187.574 01
Risks & Premiums. 1 Fire Risks.l Premiums.
Net 'amount of Risks .
written during the
year : :. - $52.756.759 $648.036 22
Net amount' of Risks
• expired during the S
year ........I 41.786.512| 532.090 52
Net amount in force] > I
December 31. 1&04...1 44,512.915| 550.872 40
" ~ SAM. R. REED.
Of and for the firm of WEED & KENNEDY.
Managers. .. . -..•:..,-: '• -\u25a0-. . v \u25a0• •
. Subscribed i and sworn to before - me, this
28th day of Jantmry. 1005. ?§lfesll
Vl KISHBECK. Notary PubllcV
. C. K. . MULLINS.
pacific coast; manager,;^ :\u25a0-\u25a0>: \u25a0';.
416-418 California »t.. San Francisco. Cat
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY; -JULY; 27, 3JJUS.
INSURANCE— Continued. . :
STATEMENT
-.'I-- THK CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
UNITED SYATES BRANCH
COM3! EX CIA L UNION ASSURANCE
CO3IPANV.
OF LONDON. IN ENGLAND, ON THK 31ST
DAY OK DECEMBER, A. D.. IUO4, AND FOR
THK YEAR ENDING ON /THAT DAY. A3
MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMISSION-
ER OK THE STATE OK CALIFORNIA; PUR-
SUANT TO THIS PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS 61U AND fill OF THE POLITICAL
CODE, CONDENSED AS PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS-s '•.•-•-
Real- Estate owned by company.. $885,148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages;. 115,000 00
Ca?h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 2,937,600 00
Cash in Company's Office 11,393 73
Cash in Banks 674,635 96
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ...... .. 1,652 50
Premiums in due Course of Collee- \u25a0
tlon .. '. 606.534 80
Bills receivable, net Matured,
token for Fire and Marine Risks 7.671 00
Rents due and accrued 10,774 22
Due from other Companies' for Re-..
insurance on losses already paid. 8.272 12
Total Assets .$5,321,743 10
LIABILITIES. ~~ —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $62,604 51
Losses in process of Arijus tinent or
in Suspense 306,524 16
Loeses resisted, including expenses 31,100 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or lesß, $2,699,-
451 68; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,349.725 84
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year. $3,-
, 459,616 SO; reinsurance pro rata. 1,723,520 72
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $00.-
822 20; reinsurance 50 per cent. 30.411 10
Gross oremlums on Marine Time
Risks. $36,03139; reinsurance
100 per cent 86,031 39
Commissions and Brokerage due.
and to become due 01,317 82
Return Premiums and Relnsur- '
ance Premiums ..". 54,130 92
All other Liabilities • 107,191 95
Total Liabilities ..$3,792,057 91
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $4,496,278 28
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 177,584 91
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 4,964 20
Received for interest and dividend* j
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 49,585 63
Received for Rents 63.259 36
Remittance from Home Office.... '335,497 99
Income from all other sources . 1.770 94.
Total Income ....$5,128,941 31
EXPENDITURES. "'
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including ?3C0.446 54, losses of
previous years) $2,325,361 82
Net amount paid for Marine Losses 83,264 35
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,264,705 52
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. , 159,559 12
Paid for State. National and Lo- .
cal taxes 94,677 97
All other payments and expendi-
tures 206.503 60
Total Expenditures ...$4,134,372 38
Fire. Marine. •
Losses Incurred during
the year . : $2,363,639 P2 $91.924 20
Risks and Prems. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net a m ount ofl
Risks w r Ittenf
during the year. $714,224,300 $6,011,800 87
Net a m ount of
Risks - c x p Ired
during the year. 475.938.583 4,024,226 62
Net a m ount in
force December!
.31. 1904 601.354.572 6.159.06S 4S
Risks. and Prems. lMarln? Risks.l Premiums.
Net a m ount of!
Risks w r Ittenf
during the year.) $137,479,422 $225,942 21
Net a m ount of
Risks ex p Ired
during the year.| 137.021.511 233.233 83
Net amount 1 , l.nl .;
force December . .
81, 1904 1 5.071.302 98,853 59
A. H. WRAY, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2d
day of February. 1905.
H. R. RAY, Notnry Public.
CF. MULLINS.
Pacific Coast Manager. .
416-418 California *t.. San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ' •
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
: Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted In the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1. 1905, to June 30, 1905, the follow-
ing named orphans and half-orphans, boys
and girls, viz.: Max Roslnsky, aged 6 years
5 months: Isaac Rude, > aged 7 years II
months: Julius Roslnsky, aged 11 years 5
months: AWraham Barrow, aged 7 years 2
months; Edna Lando, aged 6 years 4 months;
Abraham Shefsky, aged 5 years 4 months;
Matilda Goldberg, aged 4 years 9 months;
Ida Nathan, aged 14 years 1 month; David
Abraham Nathan, aged 9 years \u25a0 5 months;'
Isaac Nathan, aged 8 years 7 months: Eva
Friedman, aged 6 years 3 months; Irene
Bat a via. aged 11 years 11 months; Clarence
Levey, aged 11 years 6 months; Sidney
Levey, aged 9 years 5 months: Annie Shef-
eky, aged 7 years 7 months: Isidore Greene-
berg, aged 10 years 10 months; Joseph Rude,
aged 10 years 0 months; Pauline Rude, aged
8 years 5 months, and Philip Rude, aged 9
years 6 months.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE shall sell at once 75 rew White sewing
machines that are slightly shop worn at one-
third regular price. WHITE SEWING MA-
CHINE CO.. 915 Market st. .
DOMESTIC — The machine for family uee;.b«st
» is cheapest ; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-*
tic office. 1021 Market Bt.. near Sixth.
V ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5, $S; slightly
used."* $10. $15 and $20. You know - where
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
- household goods stored, moved.' shipped. 725-
781 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 'l6l."
UNlON. Square Transfer and Storage Co;, 604
Van Ness aye. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight. : \u25a0
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and' merchan-
dise; Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore . St. ; , phone Jackson 28L
PIERCE — RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main offico Eddy and Fillmore; teL.West B^B..
BEKINS Van and Storage C 0.," 11 Montgomery
, et. ; tel. Main 18*0. Shipping at cut rates.. -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN. exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. ; $25: .;: other .typewriters at
higher and lower prlces> rentals $2 60.. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California et. .
2D-H AND. typewriters sold, rented. ; - repaired.
Webster 1 Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
PROPOSALS. \u0084
PROPOSALS for subsistence S supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal
.*\u25a0 July 18, 1905.— Sealed, proposals for, furnish-
ing and - delivering such . quantities -of sub-"
slstence supplies, delivered .at such ; wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen -at
this office,- wlll.be received -here -until"-' ll
o'clock a. m., Friday. ; July, 28.. 1905, . and
opened Immediately. '\u25a0- thereafter In presence
of ' bidders. ' Specifications, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 general ~ lnstruc-.
tlong to bidders and blank forms of proposals
will be furnished ; to established dealers on \u25a0
application :to C. : R: ; KRAUTHOFF. :, Major
\u25a0 Commissary. '-•\u25a0\u25a0-"'"'."..-'
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations.', visiting and
. -business cards, crest, etc.;. high-class work at
moderate -rateß.J.H.Duncan.l2o Kearny.r.l-2 ;\u25a0
CARRIAGE LICENSES.
. ihe following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :S9BS|PQBBP^@^S|
• Thomas ; H. Morrleon. ' 29, 700 ' Sutter street,
and;Corinne B. Quant, 21, 833 -Bush; street, v
. Frederick A. . Goetz;. CO, - San ; Jose." and Char-
lotte. J. Quine.. 23, »2S Ellis street. -'. :• i. :
. Ernest H.^ Cole, 21, 528 Harrison street, and
Minnie L. Moller. - 18," 90« Lombard ; street.* - •'--;
v John H. Hause. i 25, j 514 Golden Gate avenue,
ana Martha C. Lugagn, 1 21. ; 51 ;,Vlenna? street.'
Joseph - Brophy.-v86.-3f 229 Clipper - street," and
Charlotte ; Feeney. > 26,*- 21)03 "; Folsom , street. 4 '
• Harry Meyer, ? 21, % 1263 •; Mission ' street, 4 and
Gladys B«rlnKcr,\ 18, < 1014 1? Geary "(street.
• Edward . H. \u25a0 Rothrock,"; 2!t/ • Spokane," '-Wash.;
\u25a0nd'Mary'-.T.- 'Hadley.*- 24; r 1062 Ellis* street.'
Alexander Macchia. 4a, 2SO9 ' Sixteenth *.;
and Marguerite Macchla,' 35,- 2909 Sixteenth st.
Leslie-- A.":. Packard,? 21, Los Angeles, and
Clarice • Jones. 1 19.' Fresno. -.-.' . " , . \u25a0 \u25a0
George G.^ Hadley. 32. Hadley, W. Va., and
Hattle Hoe*. 47, - New ; York; V
BIRTHS-rMARRMES--DEATHS,-7
Blrtli, marriage aiid death- notices sent -by
mall will not be Inserted They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name .and \u25a0 residence iof per-
sons authorized to -have the same -published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charse. .. ''-JVL.":'" ""
BOIIN.
YOUNG— In Alameda. Cal., July 21, 1905. to
the wlf » of George W. Young, a daughter.
MARRIED.
CAMPEN— HAUSER— In this city. July 26,
1905, by the Rev. M. H. Li ebe./ Fritz Cam-
pen of San Jose, Cal., and Elea Hauser of
.-.- thig' city. '-.- -\u25a0--\u25a0-. \u25a0:-•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'.--..-•
/^?? DIED.
Barcar, Carrie J , :!1 McCormlck, Chas., 60
Brother Nicholas, 58 Mcllvain, Rachel, 67
Dorman, James, 65 Nelson, Mazy, 8 m.
Fitzgerald, R. C, 5 m. Phelan, James, 70
v Goldberg, Theresa L. Powning, Joseph. 71
Graham, Ellen, 88 Putnam, r Ida J.. 39
Halnes, Chas. A., 27 Sneeringer, Gregory A.-
Hamann, William, 47 Thomson, Agnes P.
Haztl, Mrs. Martha, 64 Van Fleet, E. A., 4_
Hlrschfeld, David, 02 Weisenborn, Emllie. 81
Jackaon, William, 42 Wilson. Mrs. E. F., bi
Lemon, Mary A., 84 -Wolf, Benjamin, 34
Loner, John J.
BARCAR— In Vacaville, Cal., July 25. 1905,
Carrie J. Barcar, wife of Raleigh Barcar,
aged 31 years 7 months and 25 days.
BROTHER NICHOLAS— In Berkeley, Cal..
July 2«, 1905. at St. Joseph Academy, Peralta
'Park, Brother Nicholas (in the world as
William Cunningham), a native of Ireland,
aged 58 years 4 months and, 7 days.
CTFriende are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral, Friday morning, at 9: JO
o'clock, from the chapel, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
DORMAN— In this city, July 26, 1905, James
Dorman, beloved father of Katie and Wil-
liam Dorman, a' native of Ireland, aged
65 years. •
FITZGERALD— In Oakland. Cal., July 26.
1905, Robert Crellin. Infant son of Robert
M. and Laura C. Fitzgerald, a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 5 months and 11 days.
GOLDBERG— At Bartlett Springs. Cal.. July
24, 1905, Theresa L. Goldberg, dearly be-
loved daughter of Aaron and Emma Gold-
berg, and beloved sister of Lillian, Estella,
Mabel, Grace and Jessie Goldberg of Han-
ford; Cal. .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at . 10 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of Ad. Goldberg, 3423 Sacramento
street. . Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city, July 26, 1905, Ellen
Graham, mother of James H. Graham, a na-
tive of Ireland; aged 88 years. .
E7"Funeral services will be held at her
late residence, 1257 McAllister street, Friday,
at 10 a. m. , Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
HAINES— JuIy 25, 1905, Charles A. Halnes,
brother of F. W., A. 8., D. W. and Georgo
W. Halnes, a native of Eureka, Humboldt
County, Cal., asred 27 years.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of James McManus, 844 Castro street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HAMANN — In the City and County Hospital,
July 26. '1905, William Hamann, a native
of Germany, aged 47 years.
HAZEL— In this city, July 25, 1905, Mrs.
Martha Hazel, a native of Virginia, aged
64 years and 4 months. . .
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), July 27, at 2 p. m., from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Qtfivet Cemetery.
HIRSCHFELD— In Alameda, Cal., July 26,
1605, David, dearly beloved husband of
-Emma' Hlrschfeld, and .. brother-in-law of
Louis Saroni of San Francisco, Henry Sa-
roni of New York and BlancaHerz of Brus-
sells, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
\u25a0 1 month and 5 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully' invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
j dence of Louis Saroni. 1309 Van Ness ave-
nue. Cremation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
JACKSON— In Martinez, Cal., July 23, 1905.
William Jackson, a native of California, aged
42 years. A member of the Painters' Union,
Local No. 39. -
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 11 o'clock a. m., from the funeral parlors
of 1 Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEMON— In Oakland. Cal., July 25. 1905. Mary
A., wife of the late Sidney Lemon, a native
of London, England, aged 84 years.
LONG— In this city, July 26, 1905. John J.,
beloved husband of Anna Long, and brother
of Harry Long and Mrs. M. Cummlngs, a
native of lowa.
McCORMICK— In this i city, . July 23, 1905,
\u25a0 Charles McCormlck, beloved husband of
Helena McCormlck, and father of C. H.,
H. S. and George N. McCormick, and Mrs.
J. S. Osborne and Mrs. W. B. West,' a na-
tive of Lowell, Mass., aged 60 years 9
months and 12 days.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
I parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness
avenue. Services and interment private.
McILVAIN— In Frultvale, Cal., July 25, 1905,
Rachel, beloved wife of G. A. Mcllvain, and
mother of Ernest M., W: Clark, Minnie,
Cora, Virginia and May Mcllvain and Mrs.
Georgiana Beeson, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 67 yeara. .c".^^-
NELSON— In this city. July 25. 1905, at the
parents' residence, 1233 Rhode Island street.
Mazy, dearly beloved daughter of Wlnclan
and Minnie Nelson, and. sister of. Raymond,
Winclan and Gertrude Nelson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 . months and 1 16 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances | are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
\u25a0 (Thursday), at 2 p. • m.. from . the parents',
residence, 1233 Rhode , Island street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. :\u25a0
PHELAN— In this city. July 26, - 1906. James,
beloved husband of Mary Phelan, and loving
father of James, John and Fred Phelan, Mrs.
E. Myer and Mrs. John Stevens, a nablve of
Ireland, a ted 70 years.
I i|E7" Friends and acquaintances " are respect-
' fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-morrow
. (Friday), July: 2B, at 9 o'clock a. m., from
the residence ;of his ' daughter, ' Mrs. John
.Stevens, 2912 Sacramento street,"-, thence -to
St. "Dominic's Church, where a requiem high-
mass will be celebrated for the. repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 :30 o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross -Cemetery.
POWNING— In Paris, France, November 8,
; 1904, Joseph Fowning, a native of England,
: aged 71 years. ' - ; . \u0084.
O'lnterment New Masonic Cemetery. San
; Mateo County, July 27, 1905. at 11 a. m.
PUTNAM— In this city. ' July 25. \u25a0 1905, Ida
Josephine, beloved -: wife of Charles H. \u25a0 Put-
' nam, and mother of Hildred Haymond Put- 1
nam, a native ' of California, aged 39 years
.2 months and '21 days.
C7"Frlends, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral' Thursday, at 1 p. m., from
the chapelof N. Gray & Co.. 612-614 Van
Ness avenue, -between Golden Gate avenue
and Turk • street. - Interment in the . family
plat at Sacramento,- Cal.
SNEERINGER— In this city, July ' 25. 1905,
. Gregory A., infant . son of ; Leon M. and
Mamie Sneeringer. . '
THOMPSON— In this city. July 26. 1905, Agnes
\u25a0 ;P. %. Thompson, • beloved mother of George >C.
'Thompson, ; and sister of Mrs. B. C. ; Hopper
and R. M. and Matt darken. (Sacramento
\u25a0 papers please; copy.) >\ .. '\u25a0 . "-'\u25a0:
IE3 r The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday).- at 0 o'clock a. m.,j from -her late
residence, 1722 Larkln street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, \u25a0 where a. -requiem mass
. ' will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
Tlatn ia. ; City ' Cmaet«rl«« ,- '.• >W>
Takn to JPart 3?aym«nt
for Plot* \u25a0 in... . . ... '
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or it Ctmftny. \ ;j-.--.;jV
WOODLAWN ;CEMETER Y
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : San i. Mateo V County."' \u25a0• \u25a0
MASONIC , CEMETERY-. ASSOCIATION,
'686. James . Flood i Building,^ S.f V.~?£3g£s
JO. O'CONNOR &Coi
FUNER Al/ DIRECTORS
707, MISSSION- STREET :\u25a0. -
\u25a0 •--'\u25a0\u25a0-,-. -•\u25a0'. - vTEL. MAIN 5617^ : .-. ' _'y
f Mc/Vvby; vjOjHara; S; C<k
FUNERAL* DIRECTORS.' V
: '.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 Removed ?to?? to? Their ~l New }\ Parlors,, -;: V
831-271 EA YKSST.^tpp.8T.ItJNATIUS CHURCH -
L Lady Assistants.^. Telephone South 247. J \u25a0
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. : , \u25a0•\u25a0= ..-'.\u25a0. .-•.---, ,„„
VAN FLEET— In Alameda, Cal.. July 25, 1905,
at his residence, 1610 Willow street. Edwin
Allen: Van Fleet, beloved husband of Louise
Van Fleet.' father of Gladys Van Fleet, and
. brother of M . <B. Van Fleet of Riverside,
;'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. Cal., ; and Judco W. C. . Van Fleet of San
Francisco, • a native of Pennsylvania, aged 4-
years 9. months and 24 days. A member of
Tehama Lodge No. 3. F. and A. M.. of Sac-
ramento:' also oosf s Sequoia Camp No. 104,
W. O. W., of Sacramento, and Sacramento
Council , No. ef>B; National- Union, of Sacra-
mento. (Sacramento and Riverside, Cal.. and
Toledo, Ohio, papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
.- July 27, at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 1610 Willow street, Alameda. Ser-
vices under the auspices of Oak Grove Lodge
No. 215, F. and A. M. Incineration Oak-
land.
WEISENBORN— In this. city. July 26, 1005, at
her residence, 2749 . Lombard street, Emllie. ,
- beloved wife of the late Frederick Welsen-
born. a native of Germany, aged 81 years 7
months and 1 day.
(CTThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., at the*
- -chapel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WILSON— In Oakland. Cal.,- July 26. 1905. Mrs.
Elizabeth Frances Wilson, beloved mother
of Annie, Fred and Lillle Wilson, a native
of Baltimore, ' Sid., aged 67 years 5 months
and 3 days. \u25a0. \ -. ,
WOLF— In this city, July 26, .1905.' Benjamin,
beloved husband of Fannie Wolf, father of
Harry and Bertha Wolf, and brother of Mrs.
R. Marks and the late Meyer Wolf, a native
-of Austria, aged 34 years. A member of
Applewocd Camp No. 690, W. of W. ; Tem-
plar Lodge, I. O. O. F., and Chevra Shara
; Refooha. (New York, New Salem and Los
Angeles papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), July 28, at 10 a. m., from his late
residence, 129 Stevenson street, near Sev-
enth. Interment Salem Cemetery, via 11 :30 \u25a0
train from Third and Townsend streets. . \u25a0
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' arid Masonic Cemeteries can b*
exchanged for Plots In '
MT. OLIVET CEMETERY.
For particulars apply at City Office.
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH ST3.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
Gold Mt 12 14| Red Rock Ex. — 15
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Rescue 07 08
Great Westrn 02 04 Ton Exten ...5 12 550
Ind Tonopah.. •01 03 Ton Home Con 08 00
Home 0(3 07 Ton Sly & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler .. 73 75 Ton of N«v.l3 50 13 75
J Butler Ex. — 20 United Ton .. — 04
Little Ton ..2 00 2 50 West End ...1 02 1 05
Lucky Tom... — 04!
Goldfleld District.
Adams 04 05[HIghland ..... — 26
Atlanta 08 09 Jumbo M Co. . 73 74
-Aurora ...... 10 12| Jumbo Ex ... 14 16
Black Ants .. — 04; Juno — 08
Black Butte . . 2S 29| Kendall 13 14
Blk Butte Ex 03 04 Kendall Ex...' — 10
Black Rock.. 02 03 Lone Star ... 10 12
Blue 8e11 .... 04 05 Lucky Star \u25a0 . . — 04
Blue Bull ...j 12 13 May Queen ..IS 20
Brooklyn 01 02 Mohawk ..... 15 18
Butte Gldfld.. 53 — Nevada Boy ..13
Bull i Bear. 02 «3 Nev Goldfield. — 15
Booth M Co. 08 — Nev Southern. — 12
C0D...... 25 — Oakes — 10
Columbia .... 14 15; Oakland ...... — 10
Columbia Mt. 16 20rOro — 05
Conqueror ... 15 22 Pennsylvania.. — 02
Diamond 10 — Potlatch -- — 1C
Diamondfleld. 37 39 Red Lion 03 0*
Empire • 05 . — j Red Top 37 39
Exploitation.. — 04 Red Top Ex.. 04
Dixie 15 \u25a016 Sandstorm .... 60 62
Fawn ....... 05 — J Sandstorm Ex.' 09 13
Frisco — 10. Sherman — 25
Gold Dust ... — 09 Silver Pick ..10 12
Gold Hill ... — 04 Simmerone ... 22 26
Goldfleld Mln. 56 571 St Ives 16 11
Gld & G Reed — 10! Treasure 06 10
Gldfld Rand.. 05 06 ! Verde 02 04
Goldfleld Ton. — 03 Vernal 03
Great Bend .. — 10 Wonder — 02
Hibernia 10 —
\. - Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10| Eclipse 28 29
Amethyst — 25|Go1d Bar .... 25 27
Big Bullfrog. 10 12. Gldfld Bullfrog — 04
Bonnie Clare.l 02 — ILlge Harris... 02 03
Bullfrog Mm. — 86. Mont Bullfrog. 07 OS
Bullfrog Anx. 03 O4lOrig Bullfrog. 24 25
Bullfrog Com 07 10 Red Dog .... 14
Bullfrog Ex.. 18,. 20[Shoshone 10 —
Blfrg Jumper. — lllShcshon B Gld 25 — .
Bullfrg NBk 26 27 Steinway — 18
Den Bullfrog. 24 26 Ventura 11 12
Den Blfg Anx — 06 Vista Grande.. — 08
Dmdfld Trngl 25 Wolverine .... OS 10
. . • Other Districts. . v> '\u25a0\u25a0-, .- ."
Brown ; Hope.. 15 16 Paymaster ... 03 04
Esperanza ... — 01 Qutncy 03 05
Gold Reer M. — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold Reer Ex — 26 Rothwell ..... — 26
Kawich.&B..— 13 Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawlch Gold. — 05 Southwestern.. — 48
Kawlch MCo — 15 Sylvanla — 20
Lida Hawk .. — 29 Tokop Con ... — 08
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
600 Cent Eureka.. 105: 500 M'Nmra, s 10 40
400 Chollar 20 1500 MacXamara... 41
600 Con Va M.I 27 %| 1000 Nat Bank.b3o 28
1500 Diamondfleld. 42|2500 Nat Bank .... 27
500 Diamondfleld. 41 350 Ophir 6 62 Vi
1500 Dixie 161 500 Savage 69
200 Goldfleld Mln. 5511200 Sierra Nev.... 27
1000 Gold Mt. c 10 13 500 St Ives 16
2000 Home Con .. 09 700 Ton Blmont.l 17U
2500 J Butler, blO. 75' 800 Ton N Star.\. 55
11 a. m. • Session.
1000 Adams .. 04%] 100 Ophir. b 10.6 62W
SCO Con Va M Co.l 25' 2CO Ophir ......6 62U
1000 Eclipse, b 30. 30i4000 Orig Bullfrog. 25
1 COO Gold Mt 13 200 Potosl 13
8000 Home ....... 00 400 Savage 68
100 Mexican .....1 30! 500 St Ives .;.... 16
100 Mont Ton ...8 00| 200 Ton of' Nev. 13 50
500 Mnt Tn,510.2 97*4 3000 Ton N Star... 54
2000 Nat Bank ... 271 "W Union C0n.... 89
' 2 p. \u25a0 m. Session.
5000 Adams, b 30.04 H 700 Mont Ton, 55.3 00
700 Belcher ..... 16 ICO Mont Ton ..3 02 %
1500 Bullfrog Mln. 87 300 Ophir 6 62U
200 Caledonia .... 44 50 Ophir ..6 75
400 Challenge ... 23 3COO Orig Bullfrog. 25
•700 Challenge ... 24 100 Savage 69
100 Dixie ........ 16 400 Ton Midway.. lso
15C0 Dmdfld, b 30 41 1500 Ton N Star... 54
1000 Eclipse 29 300 Union C0n.... 40
1000 MacNamara.. 40 1000 West End 1 . ..105
200 Mexican ...1 27% SOO Yellow Jacket. 22
QUOTATIONS. •
"' Comstocke.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Andes .> 19 21 Hale & Norc.l 60 165
Belcher ..... 15 —Mexican ....1 27% 130
Best & Belch.l 25 — Occidental .. .1 25 —
Challenge ... 20 — Ophir 6 62% 675
Chollar ...... 19 20 Savage 68 —
Con Va M Co.l 25 — Sierra Nev 28 —
Con Imperial. —01% Silver Hi 11.... 90 —
Exchequer ... 50 :. — Union C0n.... 45'
Gould & Cur. 18 19 Yellow Jacket. 21
, : V '.'. Tonopah District. -
Belmont ...1 12% 120 Mlzpah Ex .. — , 15 -
Caflfornla ... 07. »- Mont Ton . ...S 00 3,03
Cash Boy ..., — 18 N V Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor. 94 — North Star.... 54 65
Great Westrn' — 04% Ohio ......... 82 —
Home ....... 06 07 Paymaster ... —:"04 :
Home Con \u25a0\u25a0'.. 08-00 Rescue ..... — 09
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 SjNev Dev... — 17
Jim Butler .. — 80 Ton Exten ...8 25 —
Lucky Tom... — 17 Ton of Nev.l3 60 14 00
MacNamara. .89 40Unlted Ton .•' — . 15
Midway .....1 47% —I West End.. 89 1 02%
GoldfleM District.
Adams ...... 04 05 Jumbo Ex 1 ..., 18 20
Black Butte.. — 81 Kendall 12 13
Blk 'Butt* Ex — 04% Lone Star ... — 17
Black Rock.. 01% 0.1 May Queen .. — 21
Blue Bell .:. — 07 Mohawk — 20
Blue Bull ... 11 ' 14 Nev Goldfleld. 18 —
Brooklyn ..;. 02 05 Oro ... ... — 04
Columbia Mt. 20 —Pa Goldfleld.. — 02
Diamond . . : . . — .15 Red Lion .... — 06
Diamondfleld. — 40 Red T0p, . . ... 87 —
Dixie ........ 15 17 Red Top Ex.. Ct —
Frisco — 20 St Ives ...... 15 17
i Gldfld G Dust 10 — Sandstorm .... 70
Gldfld L Star — OS Sandstorm Ex. — 12
Goldfield Nev. — 60' Silver Pick ... 09 12
Jumbo M . Co. .72 — ' Simmerone ... 30 35
1 Bullfrg district.
Amargosa ... — -«| LIKe Harris.... — '02%
Beatty Blfrg. .— ; 11 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bull frog. Anx. — 07 Orig Bullfrog. 25 \u2666 26
Bullfrog. Belle 08 — IShoshone ... .. 10 -'\u25a0 —
Bullfrog Mln.* — 90| vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 26 28'Wolverlne :.."." — : 11
Eclipse .:.... — 32! • \u25a0
- Other : Districts. .
Brown Hope.. 16 .171 Ray & O'Brien 05% 08
Esperanza-.. .00% 01 Rothwell ...... — 25
Free Gold.:.' — 15 Silver Peak .. ."^-\u25a0--.21-
Gold iMt Con. . — 02 Ton : Berkeley.. — 20
Kawlch Gold. — 10 Ton Gold Mt. 13 —
Pine Grove . . 20 25|
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY, r JULY- 26.
v ' Phllllppena"-- Scheu 2to ."Alma * G. : Bretherick,
undivided 7 one- fourteenth of t following: .Lot
on ' E line o f . Polk ' street. '60 N ; of Pine, r N 25
by E. 62:6: also lot on N line; of McAllister
street.. 2ls >E>of Larkin. E 30 by S 127:6: also'
lot-on N; line,- of McAllister -street 197:6 E
of .Larkln, 4 E>l7:6ibytN. 137:6; : also lot on
E lineot Polk street. 137:6 3 of California. -S
40 by;E 79:6; $10. --.- *. . .-:--.•-.
- Same ,to * Clementina White. - undivided one
fourteenth of -same; $10.- ••-
;'i P.'h E. \u25a0'•; and Mary .-• A. .- Bowles to'M.- Fisher
Company, n lot •: on •-\u25a0 S - line \u25a0• of -\u25a0 Vallejo " streef
100 Eof Polk. \u25a0" E 51 by S 87:6: $10. , :\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Frank : P.v Deering jto Mabel C. •- Deering. lot
on W, line of Larkln street/ 110:6 N of Chest
nut; Ni27:6 by ,W,137:6; gift.; .: r.
i - City : and J County ,; of San Francisco to Jonas
Schoenfeld.^ lot %, on \u25a0: N n line *of Geary ;; street.
165. W: of :Goußh.\W27:6 byiN- 137:6: also lot
on Nline'of Geary street,^ 1.17:6 E ofOctavia
E a 27:6. by' N 137:6; also .lot con ; N r llne s of
Vallejo \u25a0 street.^ 165 -.TV >of \u25a0 Gough. l^ W, 35 :4 % n
137 :6. IE r34 :3%.t S 137 :6 : = also i lot ': oniN. line'
of Grove street. 73:3%: E of-Laguna,B 32:10% \u25a0>
N j 43:10. 'W O.nk. X 76:2. >W 31:6. i 8 120;
also lot on SE corner of P'ne and _Flllmore
streets. S 50 by B 81:3; also lot on SW corner
of Geary and Larkln streets. W 1-0 by &
"Estate of Alvinza Hay ward (by Wlllam J.
Dingee. administrator) to Frank Kaufman, lot
on S line^of Lombard street 1C6:3 V, of Oc
tavia. WT>O by S 137:6: $2700. =
City and County of. San Francisco to Jonas
Schoenfeld. lot on X line of. Pacific avenue.
49:10ti E of Webster street. E .49 :10}» byN
132:: also lot on S line of Pine street. U.:b
E of Laguna. E 57:6 by S 137:6: also lot on
SE corner of Post and Buchanan streets, s>
57:6 by E 87:6: $ . „ ,
Geniel Buckley to George A. Xewhall. lot
on W- line -of -Webster -street. 114:4* i X of
Washington. X 25 by W 07:6. and lands ad
jacent, quitclaim deed: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
Morgen&tern. lot on \V line of Fillmore street.
100 X of Fell. X 50 by W 106:3: $ .
Mary A. H. Goodwin to Frederick J. and
Delia Earnfred lot on X line of Bush street.
137:6 E of Broderlck, E 20 by X 137:6; $4000.
City and County of San Francisco to EmiUe
Bach (executor of the estate of Charles Bach),
lot on E line of Treat avenue. 170 S of Twen
tieth'street. S 50 by E 122:6; $ — -.
Annie Bellstedt to Mollte G. Bellstedt. lot
on B line of Folsom street. 135 X of Twenty
first, X 25 by E 122:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
Union Paving and Contracting Company tn
John Cooney. lot en S line of
street. ICO W Guerrero. W 30. S 100. W 24. S
113, E 54. X 213: $3734.
Albert H. Leaf to Alice Leaf, re-record 2101
D 134 lot on W line of Landers street. 160
X of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 125; gift.
Margaret McL«od or MacLeod to Charles and
Alma Rehe, lot on E line of Church street. 104
S Twenty-nrst. S 26 by E 125: $10.
Union Paving and Contracting Company to
John Cooney, lot on W line. of Valsncla «reet.
266:10%. X of Twenty-third. X 26 1 W to
San Jose a\-enue. SW to beginning. B to b-
giniilng: $3445. _.
Margaret White to Mary Lynett, lot on w
line of York street. 183 X Twenty-fifth street.
N 51 by W 100; also lot on XE line of Xlne
teenth avenue. 75 SE of R street. SE 100
by XE 100. block 371. South San Francisco;
$10. .
Sebastian and Rose Dunne to Leb Sparber,
lot on W line of Castro street. 49 X Twenty
fifth street. X 40 by W 80; $10.
John and Anna D. Baumgarten to Joseph
E. Grimm, lot on E line of Diamond street.
147:6 S Twentieth street. 8 25 by E 125; $10.
Daniel J. Mahoney to Jacob Levl Jr.. lot on
SW corner of Seventeenth street and Clara ave
nue. S 16 by W 136; $10.
Joseph and Emma Quadt to Lemuel Arthur.
lot on X-llne of Elizabeth street. 202:8 E
Douglas street. E 25:9 by X 114: $10.
Paul C. and Alice Taylor to William Ed
wards, undivided one-fifth of lot on X line
of Pln«» street 83:1 W Kearny street. X 68:9.
W 16:10. X 15:3, W 8. S 12. W 60. S 72. E
84:10: $10.
William and Madora A. Edwards to Ed
ward B. Hindes, same: $10.
John F. and Catherine A. Connolly to Ed
ward B. Hlnes, lot commencing 48 X of Pine
street and 57:6 E of St. Mary's street. E 2:6
by X 24: $10.-
Edward B. and Dorothy V. Hindes to Louise
C Maud wife of Charles E. lot on X line of
Pine street, 83:1 W Kearny street. W 24:10.
X 84 E 8. S 15:3. E 16:10. S 68:9; $10.
William J. and Katie Tore to Margaret C.
Davis and W. F. Detert. lot on S line of
Post street. 112:6 W Mason. W 25 by S 87:6;
$10.
Margaret A. Skelly to Julius and Milton
Auerbach lot on E corner ' of Second and
Federal streets, SE 30 by NE 80; $10.
Elizabeth M. and AdolDh Greub to Larkln
M. Haycraft. lot on XW line of Bryant. 275
XE Fourth street, XE 33:9 by NW 80*$10.
John and Julia Dellamonica and John "A.
and Louise C. Sobrlo to Charles A. Marston,
lot on S corner of Chesley and Eldridge streets.
SE 30 by SW SO; $10.
Charles A. Marston 'to C. R- Spllvalo & Co..
same; $10.
George W. Witte et al to Lucius L. Solo
mons, lot on W line of G;orgla street. 200 N
Sierra street. X 20 by W 1C0: $10.
Richard T. and Mary, J. J. Baccus to Ed
ward C. Cordell. lot on S line of Point Lobos
avenue. 120 E Fourth avenue. . E 30 by S 1C0:
$10.
Edward C. Cordell to William P. Hammon.
undivided half of same: $10.
Bay District Land Company to Gottlieb T.
Knopf, lot" on SE corner of Fourth avenue
and A street. S 3fc,by E 91; $10. \u2666
Gottlieb T. and ' Anna Knopf to Susan Wil
cox same; $10. "\u25a0*'*
George L. Helms to Bernhard Gctz. lot on
W line of Forty-third avenue. 225 X of M
street. N 50 by W 240; $10. .'
Zachary S. and Cevllla Russell to K. Robert
Nitschke et at., lot on SE corner of Tenth
avenue and O street. E 120 by 8 25: $10.
Same to Louise Koenlg. lot on E lln« of
Tenth avenue. 100 S of O street. E 120 by
S 25 : $10.
Same to Elizabeth and F. Oswald Andrae,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 62:6 S of O
street. E 120 by S 37:6; $10.
Same to K. Robert Nitschke. lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of O street. E
120 by S ,25: $10.
Same to Elizabeth Schubert, lot on E line
of Tenth avenue 25 S of O street. E 120
by S 37:6: $10.
Nathan' D. and Tina Newman to Bernhard
Getz lot on S line of T street, 32:6 ,W of
Thirty-fifth avenue. W 175 by S 100; $10.
Basil K. and Bertha B. Denbigh to same,
lot on NE corner of • Forty-sixth avenue and
T street/ E 32:6 by N ICO; $10.
Bernard and Rose Getz to Perry J. Smith,
lot on NW line of London street. 225 SW of
China avenue. SW 37:6 by NW 100. block 2.
Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Glacomo Sbarboro to Alfred D. Bowen. lot
od N line- of Worcester street. 125:3 XW of
Vernon, SE 125:3. X 244:2. W 75. S 143:2.
lots 1 to 3 block 17. city lands: $10.
Catherine Klllllea to George Greene, lot on
W line of Alabama street. 30 S of Waltham,
S SO by W 80:9. Precita Valley 191 and
192; 5100
Bernhard and Rose Geti to Victor and
Louisa Falkenberg lot on XW line of Lon
don street, 125 XE of China avenue. XE 25
by XW 100. block 1. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Maud E. Cavalier to Bert C. and Grace
L Osmun lot on S line of West Park street,
400 W of" Mission. S 100. W 100. XE 41:4.
lots 1 and 2. block D. French & Gil man
Tract: $10.
S Ducas Company to Harriet A. Cantwell.
lot on NW line of Howth street. 275 SW
of Mount Vernon. SW 50 by NW 100. lots
2 and 3, block E. Gets addition to Lakeview;
Falrmount Loan Association to George Wood,
lots -47 and 48. block 45. Sunnyslde: $10.
Builders' Contract*.
William H. Crocker (owner) with Harry J.
Mahony and John J. Mahony Jr. (contractors),
architects Bliss & Faville^-All work for resi
dence on Wline of Webster street, second lot
N from Pacific «venue; $27,375.
Charles and Emma Bollier (owners) with P.
and L Medus (contractors), architect-
Alterations and additions to a one-story frame
cottage on B line of Harrison street. 208 N
of Twenty-fourth. 26x100. 2751 Harrison street;
$lUniversity1 University Club (owner) with Fred Schaefsr
(contractor), architects Bliss & Favine—
Painting. and papering for University Club
building. 722 Sutter street; $1450. ,
Alta Investment Company (owners) with
Wesley Heldt (contractor), architects " J. E.
Freeman and B. E. Remmel— Galvanized iron,
copper cornices, bays, metal window sash for
a seven-story brick building on E corner of
Sherwood place and Third street. 250 XW
SE 70 by XE 80: $3623. •
Same owners with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architects same— Plumbing, etc.
for same on same: $5424. _, _ _
Same owners with The M. Levy Company
(contractors), architects same — Electric work
for same on same: $1925. t
=:ame owners with J. P. Fraser (contractor),
architects same— Painting, etc.. for same on
same* $2300
Edwin Danforth (owner) with V. Stanquiit
(contractor). architect— Sidewalk work
for building on SW corner of Broadway and
Battery street. W 137:6 by 8 70:8. width of
14:6 on Battery street and 18:6 on Broadway;
Sheldon (owner) with Lincoln U.
Grant (contractor). architect— Trenching.
concrete, carpenter work, plumbing and plas
tering (no painting) for & one-story frame cot
tage bungalow: on E line of Twentieth street,
278 N of California, 26x120. Outside Lands 90:
Levl Straus* & Co. (owners) with J. I. Ml
trovlch (contractor). — — architect — Alterations
and additions *to •\u25a0 building on SW corner of
Post and Powell streets: $ICOO.
Charles Rehn (owner) with Henry Conrad
(contractor), architects John & Zimmermann —
All work, except tinning, gasfittlng. plumbing
and painting, for alterations and additions
to make a : two-story frame building into a
three-story frame building (store and two flats)
at 2030 Mission street, near Sixteenth: $4500.
•Aaron Shenson (owner) with P. J. Brennan
(contractor), architects Rousseau \u25a0 & Son — All
work for -a three- story and basement frame
building r (four fiats) on X line of Shipley
street. 125 E of Sixth. E 25 by X 75: $6550.
\u25a0 J. \u25a0 L. Frisbee (owner) \u25a0 with McKIUop Bros.
(contractors). architect— All , work except
electric •" work ; for a two-story and ; basement
frame building (two flats) on E line of Ash
bury street. 25 X of- Waller, thence 25 ;
$5810. ,
Tv Frank Kaufman (owner) with Lincoln XT!
Grant (contractor) architect— All work for
a , two-story frame residence and frame wagon
shed ' and barn on S line of Lombard street.
between Octavia and Laguna. being lots 5 and
fi In block 187, fronting 50 on Lombard street
s34lo.
\ . - Alameda County 1 .
J. M. Henry (femme sole). to' H. D. Brown
lot . on SE line : of Fourth avenue. ICO SW of
East Xlneteenth : street/ SW 50 by SE 125
block . 103. Clinton. East Oakland ; also lot on
S : corner of Fourth avenue " and \u25a0: East Xlne
teenth street, SW 50 by <-SE 123 block 103
same. East- Oakland; also -lot on SE line ,of
Fourth avenue. JW of East Nineteenth
p^AilY f «b&« b & SE 125 ' block 103. same.
East Oakland; $10. :.•*--.---. :>;=•\u25a0«
R.- and Blanche Whitehead to Jessie Robert
son, (married), lots 10 and 11. block B Central
Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township; $10
-^d ward T.- and Hflea M. ; Harms to Eleanor
¥• I^y, ariJ - lo £- E J In * of Josephine street. ISO
S . of . Gllman. S. 40 by E - 135, lot 5. block A
Leviston .Tract, etc.; Berkeley: $100 " "
M. and J.-S. L»dyard to W H Day
same. Berkeley: ; sloo. / ..--'., . \u25a0- -
- Edwin E. . and Bertha E. Earle to R White
head, lot 7, -block, 18, McGee Tract. : portion of
plat . 67. Kellersberger's survey. Berkeley $10
\u25a0•R. v and Blanch* Whltehe»d to B«rtha -c!
Earle(married).-lot-7. i block 17. same. Berke
ley: $10. -\u25a0- ••": - --\u25a0: - . -\u25a0-;\u25a0
:•- - Nelll* M.and D. -Winter to Ella X., Sadler
..(wife of FvE.). lot oa E line of Benvenue aye-
nue. 2CO S of Park«r street. S 80 by E nh in
lotf 21 and 22. block 11. Hlllegaas property \
resubdlviston. blocks Grand H, Htllegasa T-'» c 'k
Berke>y; $10. --JV
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to ThomaVp
and Mary A. Boucher, lot on N line or Th!-tl«»H
street, 210 E of Grove. E Z9 by N 140 lot -7
block 2C35. A. J. Snydwr's resubUlvision' Do-tion
block 2035. Rowland Tract. Oakland- sit)
The Kca'.ty Syndicate to Kooseveit ' John'xnn
lot -8. revtsed map lot 15. olock G. Piedmont
Park. Oakland Township; $1«>. raomont
John F. and Susie I. Jackson to P j o-u
(wMower). lot 20, block J. Hermon Tract man
subdivision blocks I, J and U Berkeley" S'ft
C. E. ar.rt Manda M. Nichols to Puget Sound
Lumber Company, lot 20. b!ocU F. map •• i ,- >-
Vi#ta Terrace, portion lot 19, V. and P Ferair*
Rancho. Oakland: $10. *
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
F. Avelar. lot on S line of William or Fifth
street. l$0:7»» E of Wcod. E 22:9 by S tCC:7t;
block 3CC Oakland; JfOO.
Sarah W. Little to John O. Watkins. lots 2.
3. 4 an.l 12. block 2211. Hitchcock property!
Oakland: $4050.
Dolores \V. Kent (wife of James 8.. sole
heir of Charles Wllkens. aeceased) to Samuel
and Joaie E. Donohue, all Interest in !ot on
W line of Chestnut *reet. 35».i« X of Tenth,
X ."50.28 by W 100. Oakland, quitclaim Jped; $l.
Savings and Loan Society to the Realty Syn
dicate, lots 3 and 4. block K. Thermal Hill,
formerly Howe Tract. Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to William
CaUlwell (married). SW 2 foet of lot S>, all
lota 10 and 11 and XE 25 feet lot 12. block B.
Therms Hill, formerly Howe Tract. Oakland;
510.
Sarah A. McKee (wiaow> to E. M. and
Joseph T. Birch, lot 19. block & Santa Fe
Tract Xo. 5 Oakland: $10.
Herbert X. Turrell (single) to Eula G. Sti
vers (wife of Daniel A.), lot 18. map Saata Fe
Tract Xo. tt. Oakland; $10.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to Bessie La
Motte. lot 18. block C. Santa Fe Tract No. a.
Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to L. K. Beever (slngl«).
lots 4 and 3, block C. map same. No. 2. Oak
land: $lt>. \u25a0 - H -»,
Agnes and Thomas Dlckson to Minnie Whar
ton (wife of Arthur), lot en S line of Lindens
lane. 02 W of Cherry street. W 40 by X 100.
portion lots 20 and 21. map Temescal Park,
Oakland (deed made to correct error In de
scription of deed May 24. IS9O. 503 D. 281; $2.
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Ar
thur O. Rader (single), lots 10 and 15. block
10. and lot 10. block 17. McGee Tract, portion
plat 67, Kellersberger's survey, Berkeley: $10.
Same to same, lot 20. block 13. same. Berke
ley: $10.
Anna E. and Frederick B. Hack to Arthur
P. and Marcella E. McGuckin. lot on W Un«
of Magnolia street. 209:6 S of Twelfth. 8 35
by W 133:3. block 062. Boardman's map.
Oakland: $10.
Realty Syndicate to Bryant L. Waterhous*
(slczle). lot on SE corner of Mather and Gil
bert streets, SE 127.20 to E boundary line of
lot 1. SW 63.54 to S boundary line of lot 1.
XW 125 to E line of Gilbert street, NE 40 to
beginning, lot 1. block F. map 2. Highland
Terrace. Oakland: also lot on E line of Gilbert
street. SO S of Mather. SW 40 by SE 125. lot
3. block F. same map, Oakland: $10. O
Same to Piedmont Building Association (cor
poration), lot 15. block B, lots 12. 20 and 21.
block H. lot 1. block J. lots 19 to 23, block X,
Central Piedmont Tract, Oakland Township;
$10.
George and Emma Sully to Albert B. Wick
ham, lot on X line of Eddy (now Parker)
street. SCO W of McGee avenue. formerly
Dwindle street. W 40 by X 132:6. lot 19.
block 3. •Case Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to William E.
Bryan (single), lot 15. block 21. McGee Tract,
portion oi plat 67. Kellersberger's survey.
Berkeley; $10.
Emma F. Heywood (widow) to Frederick W.
Searby. lot on S line of Bristol street. 108 W
of Third. W 50. S 120. E 25. X 20. E 25 N
ICO. portion of lot 3. block SS>. tract B. Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley; $10.
Frank F. Moulton et *J. to Edward L
Coryell. lot on W line of Pine (or Oxford.
street. 120 X of Vine. X 60 by W 134:7. lot*
35 and 36. block 3. map resubdlviston block! '
3 and 4, Antisell Tract. Berkeley; $10. -«
Andrew Knudsen (slsgls) to Mac L. ant
•Robert H. Perry. W 120 feet. lot 5. block C
map of southern portion \u25a0of Blak» estate.
Berkeley; $10. )
Antonia Gaspar (Vlera) and Thomas Gaspar
(husband) to John and Anna J. Gaspar (wife),
let on S line of Fifth street, 50 W of Henry.
W 25 by S 113. lot 29. block G. Bay View
Homestead. Oakland: 110.
Savings and Loan Society to Realty Syn
dicate, lots 5 and 6. block K. Thermal Hill.
formerly Howe Tract. Oakland; 110.
Emma F. and Thomas W. or T. W. Turner
M E. K. Mains, lot on E lm- of Union
street. 150 N of Thirty-second. N 50 by E
133:3. being N 60 feet of lot 2. block 673,
Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Edwin M. Standtsh
(single) and Herman O. Junker (married),
NE SO feet of lot 19. block D. map 2. High
land Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Charles L. Trow,
lots 14 to IT. block F. Santa Fe Tract No. 2.
Oakland,: ?10.
Herbert X. Turrell (single) to John, and
Roce Doudell (wlfe>, lot on X line of Fair
view street. 113.3-4 W of Telegraph (Humboldt)
avenue. WH by X 135. lot 13. / block 2.
map O. P. Baldwin's subdivision of part of
Woolsey Tract. Oakland; $10. ... :.„
Kittle E. and Thomas D. Xewsom to Sophie
Xelsen (widow), lot on S line of Montgomery
street. 175 E of Twenty-second or Knox ave
nue E 30 by S 100. lot 6. and W 5 feet of
lot 5 block A. Tuxedo Park Addition. Oak
land;' $10.
Pacific Coast Baptist Theological Union (cor
poration) to C. E. Young, lot on SW corner
of Twelfth and Brush streets, W 100 by 3
50 block IS2 Oakland: $6500.
S J. and * Susanna Hill to John A. and
Geska. M. Haburt (wife), lot on "W line of
Salem street. 168.75 S of Wallace avenue or
Forty-ftfth street W 137. S 60.50 to S boundary
line of Coggeshall Tract. X 137.55 to W line
of Salem street. X 45 to beginning, lot 8
and S 11.25 of lot T. Coggeshall Tract, east
of San Pablo avenue. Emeryville. Oakland
Township; 110. "
Lola E. and Albert A. Robinson to Michael
A. and Adella Clarke (wife), lot on E line of
Grove (formerly West) street. 210 X of Vln».
X 30 by B 135. being X 30 feet of lot I*.
block 4 Grave* & Taylor Tract, etc., Berki*-
J«y; $10. v
Realty Syndicate to Eliza J. Potter (mar
ried) lot 13. block 22. McGee Tract, portion
of plat 67. Kellersberger's Survey. Berkeley;.
$10. i
Melissa A. Albee (single) to W. T. Gnilhan J
lot on X line of Stuart street. 140 W of Re
gent. W 40 by X 135. lot 6. block E. Berry-
Bangs Tract. Map No* 2. etc.. Berkeley; $10.
W. T. and Emma L. E. Gllllhan to C. W.
"Wllklns. same. Berkeley; $10.
Xorthlands Development Company to Berke
ley Development Company, lot IS. block 2.
Xorthlands Tract No. 1. portion of Kellers
berger's Plat 89. Berkeley: $10.
Frederick H and Alice L. Clark to Samuel
8. Johnson, lot on SW corner of Channlng way
and Warring street. S 100 by W 50. portion
of lot 1. block B. map of subdivision of block
;B, Berkeley property. Berkeley: this deed
13 particularly Intended to release land of see
i ond party and of one Harriet E. Whlrlow from
conditions of building clause, etc.. contained
In deed from first parties herein to said Har
riet E. Whtrlow. Xovember 12. 1904. 1013 J>.
1 150. quitclaim deed: $10.
Alameda Investment Company to Frederick
Bammann. lot on XE corner of Buena Vista,
avenue and Walnut street. X 660 by E 450.
being blocks 30 and 31. Enclnat. and land*
adjacent. Alameda: $10. _ J,
C E. Dwlnelle (by James B. Barber. Tax
Collector) to B. R. Ilamlln. undivided ons
half Interest In lot 1. block 88. Strattoa's Bar-
Same to same undivided one-half of lota 1.
2 3 and 8. block 60. same. Alaxneda: $31.
' Alma and John Olsen to Clarence A. Cht
ehester. lot at Intersection of S line of Stan
ford avenue with N line of Benton (now Six
tieth) street. E 104.8. X to 8 line of Stanford
avenue. W to beginning, portion lot 11. block
O, Paradise Park. Oakland; $10.
Continental Building, and Loan Association
to Max W. Koenlg. lot on S line of Moss ave
nue at point which bears SW 7.20 feet from
a point which bears NW 230.96 feet from 8E
corner of Moss and Webster avenues, thencs
from first named point XW 27:2 alonr 8 Una
of Moss avenue, SW 109:3%.- SB 27:2. NB
1C9:7% to beginning, lot 1. map of Potts sub
division of portion lot 8. Hitchcock property.
Oakland: ?10.
Richard C. Potts (widower) to name, lot on
SW line of Mess avenue, 27:2 XW from SB
boundary line of Potts subdivision of portion
of lot 8. Hitchcock property as per map of
same NW 35:10. SW.IC9:9*4 to SW boundary
line of said tract. SE 35:10. XE 1C9:3'4 to be
ginning, lot 2. and SE 3:S of lot 3. map afore
said. Oakland: $10. >
Max W. and Loutse K. Koenlg to Elsie H.
Crawford (single), lot at Intersection of SW
line of Moss avenue with SE boundary line
of Pott's subdivision of portion lot s. Hitch
cock property as per map of name. XW 3*J:2.
SW 1OO^8«4 to SW boundary line of said tract,
SE 32:5 to SE boundary line of said tract.
XE 1C9:7?4 to beginning, lot 1 and SE 5 feet
of lot 2. map aforesaid. Oakland: $10.
Thomas P. and Mary A. Boucher to J. «
Xlcholas. lot on X line of Thirtieth street. 17"
E of Grove. E 35 by X HO. lot 30. blcck
2035. A. J Snyder's resubdlvlsion of portion
of block COTtS. Rowland Tract, quitclaim dcci.
Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Louis F. Stone. N
40 feet of lot 27. block O. Santa Fe Tract Ki
4. Oakland: $10.
Eliza J. Doleyjek (Suhl). ; widow trusts
under December distribution In estate of C
F. Suhl, to Anna E. Suhl et at., undivided
one-half of lot on \Y. line of Peralta ' street.
125 S of Thirteenth S 50 by W 110 lots 6 anl
7. map of block 7268. Oakland- $1.
Valeria A. and W. H. Lester to John M.
Foy. and -Walter -P. Wcolsry, lot on N line o*
Center street. -T53 . W* of Shattuck avenue. W
50 by X 1.14.62. lot "S3. block I. ' subdivision
map of block 1. • Shattuck Tract northerly
portion, of olat 68. Kellersberger ; s Survy,
Berkeley: $ICO.
John O. and Barbara Cooper to Jeanetf
Harris (wife of Matthew), lot on S Hn* of
Ward street. 220 W,ot Ellswo-tb W 40 by W
131.30. '-being r. 35 feet of lot 11 and W 5
feet of lot 12.' block C. map of southern portion
of Blake s estate. Berkeley ; $10.
Thomas •\u25a0 and Mary M. Addlron (wife) to
Mary'M. H'lni twlfe of ChristonherV lot on
W«line of College avenue. 40 -X of Derby str»et.
N 5O by W 13-0.44. lot .14 and S 10 feet of 1»t
13. block H. Hlll»gas» property. Berkeley: ?l<>._,
A. statue .is to be erected to Geor;»
Washington in Budapest. Hungary, as a
return "; compliment the ; status «r«cte<i
to Kossuth In Cleveland, Ohio.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
New York Stocks firm on the day. Cotton market nervous.
Local Stocks ai.d Bonds. still featureless.
AVtc York Exchange lower and Sterling also easier.
Wheat Futui'cs lower- and- Barley Futures firmer.
Oats, Corn end Rye as before quoted.
Hay, Fecdstutts . and Beans unchanged.
Potatoes \- Onions and Vegetables generally zeeak. f
Poultry in heavy receipt and weak.
Fruit marked firmer, with more activity. ' .
Butter 10-jjer. Eggs steady and Cheese easy.
Dried Prunes and Peaches still very strong and rising.
No furCxer change in Provisions or Meats.
LucolOil marked up ie per gallon. . ' , .
Trade and Stocks.
The "NeTf Tork circular of J. S. Bache &
!s clearer to-day than that. ««>n
***'« business conditions and prospects are ex
c«Venc The long-delayed movement in pigiron
*>4* arrived and for t_he first time in two
. 'Aocthe the plgiron market is -active at ad
*,aacla^ pricec Hea\-y lines of eteel are in
Vinab&led «3emand and premiums for delivery
i '"will . become more common in the next few
~W6«k«, a better feeling prevails In the lighter
grades of finished M<?eL Illustrative of the
stability .cf the steel tituation it Is worth
wfcl]» remembering that the United States
Steel Corporation in the first «lx months of
\u25a0 the year earned the full year's interest
charges, flepreciaiicn allowances and the <3iv
:ct:*i oa the pref*rr*d stock, and the balance
*cf the year promises even better. . The one
£xc«ption to general prosi^rity is the bitumin
ous coal trade, and this Is largely local In
effect. . .
"That "th« prices of th« active rtocks hare
•Advanced an ivraee of 7 points during June
and July is fiufficient in itself to impress upon
uh~ n:!nd the necessity for caution during the
rem&ir.ine- summer months. \u25a0 In only three
years !n the last thirty has euch a condition
'•enrronted us. and it must be remembered
that reports of damage to- the pro-wing crops
\u25a0are periodical, often exaggerated or untrue,
• but nevertheless temporarily very real influ
ences on prices. It is. of course, significant
\u25a0of the ultimate outcome that the leadinsr rail
. Toads Er* p'.acintf ete«l orders on the basis of
large harvests, ami. barring the unexpected,
"srRP crope are as-sured, but August is the
crecfa! month and it is then that there Is
determined whether It is to be another year
"of TM-ofirierHy' or a year of slackened business.
ATe are certain to have crop scares and crop
scares mean lower prices. But they also mean
bargains should the outcome be favorable.
The purchaser of standard utiares on recessions
fr.-.ra thiw level will find his holdings much
rnur* valuable' once the crops are harvested
ar:d the peplod'of tight money passed." .
EASTERN MARKETS.
»tw York Money Market.
NSWTOEg, July 2«— Money on call easy
at 1%02 per cent; closini! bid and offered, '
1%, T:n-.e loans easy. CO days 2%63 per'
i-eat; S»0 days, SQSIi per cert; six months.
4' ;*r cent. * • •"
Prime mercantile paper. 4g4'4 per. cent.
Sterling txohange strong with actual buslr
nes-s in bar.kei-s' bill at 4. 887064.80*0 for.
•j*-mar.d. and at .4.MS5ig4.S4tK> lor -60 day
\u25a0J?.r:i«: ported rates, 4.f>5&4.87%; commercial
tiills. 4.5.4^«i14-.J»4%. - »-•.
Uar silver,. 5S%c. . . '
Mexican doUari«, 45%. !
;\u25a0 • «sov«rnrr«-ni bunds eteady; -railroad bor.ds
«tc*dy. • . -
Xew York Stock Market. ;
NEW YORK. July HO.— .1 slight stirrlnr of
interest in the Erie stocks to-day scarcely
&3**\-«d to move ;he ceneral market in eym-
TSthy. , Conviction was- strong that dividends
anera.' Tv be inaugurated on Erie second pre-.
*fcr • **\u25a0) BTid -"ccnjectui* -was tfio«tly t>onflned.
M -th*' rate at which the initial dl\iderid would
be plaop<l, but the" !*?li«>t In !he Erl» second
t>r^i«rtr<vi dii-itiend has be*n a factor in the
\u25a0-rr.atlo**. \u25a0 *«>r ::.i.:'y w«?ek». and the uniform
ir.diS<-r«n<x- with -tvhich recent dividend in- :
cretUßCp hBve lx*n ireat«-d did not offer • much
• ncoura£« i Ti!»'nt to .look . for a wide movement
in the Erics following action 'bo long ex
pf>ci»?d. The buying cf the three claps-'.-* of
th* stoc*k of the company came from but few
fourct-a and was attributed to one or two of
th« larger traders who werp unable to find any
• »th«-r stock for which any motives existed for
a- ",rad«rs' movement. The unrespensivenes*
of xhe "Cr.ifd States Steel stocks tv the quar
terly PtB-tern«»nt of -net earn'.ng-<, -published late
,«-vs:erdaj\ was an additional r*-ason for sk^p
•Licisin 6v*r the power of news ior.g expected
to mm prices. •
Tlife quarterly report was* favorably com
-inentfxl upon and was considered to make a
strong showing. The lack of response In the
corporation's stock was thought to be due pos
sibly to the fact thst some of the over
ranguine estimates of speculators had pointed
to r.tt fsrninj*! for the quarter as high as
\u25a0 - $:-i2.000,00e. in place of the $3i>.305.11«5 actually
reported. But thfn there was tstimates ><«
ter<iay as low as fiS.cOO.OOO. The decrease' in
the vnlame of unfilled orders on hand com
pared with the hf-ginnix*-*- of the previous quar
ter was coru-idt-red moderate In view of the
lu*l known to have occurred in the trade, and
th* brtlef is t-revalent that th«re has been
fomethicK like a rush of orders since the first
of the month. That holders of etockft are
\u25a0nut equally indifferent to bad news of special
proprrties ij« Indicated by the occasional sharp
fcreakg in s-x-cialties. Pitttburg Coal pre
fiened declined to a new low level to-day as a
rcs-ult nf the au!-j»enslun of Its dividends. The
cotton market was thrown Into some excite
-nient aram to-day by tho publication of th»
Oovernmpnt'e revistd ftKUi-es of the crop acre
«f», and the yellow fever outbreak in New
Orleans »wa« the sul-ject of discussion, with
a slight effect nf rtc-prfSEion on tsntnc of the
South'. m railroad stocks. . .. .
News from grain crojjs continue favorable.
-Mf'nry.reinair* ea?y. but foreign exchange
retes rose, and there U a EUi.posltlun that
rorae of th<> Japanese loan proceeda are being
remitted abroad.
. The establishment of Erie second preferred
on • 4 s**r cent divlder-d basts was accord
ing to the beet exptctations, but the declara
ticn ,-of the dividend for a full year at this
time with crovieion for payment on the two
inpt-Ulm^nte. was a general surprise. The
Eri*-s rose In consequence in the final deal
ings.. .»t which time the dtvidend Was an
nounced, and mad* the closing firm. •.
Bonds were steady. Total sales, par value,
$1.976.000., •
United States bor.ds were unchanged on call.
»w York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton &. Co.. iw California street,
6aa ' Francisco, member-* ot the New York
Stock Exchange, turnls-li the following official
quotations or that Exchknge: '
Sa"es.. ( STOCKS. jHlgh.Low.l Bid.; Ask.
<; Adams Express. .J 1 J243 J23O
ie,4ooiAmalg Copper ..i M j W^j 03% i 84,
.... |Amer Beet SugarJ j 23 i 25%
I Da pfd 62 , b5->
.-Ainer Can Ca...J | 11 1 11%
%......t Do pfd i j G7>,4| VS
70<) Amer C &. T Cc.| "is"i| 35 &>%,{ 35»4
..« j Do irfd-: .j »B«ii 8-J •
'.-.. jAroer Cotton 011J.....1. 2» j 30
« Do Pfd 1...-.I 1.82M95
• .|An;er l>:*t Te1..).....j h» | 32
.... . .. ! ABit Express . . i .j ...... J22U . 23W
'.jAn-cr Gr&*s T Co; «?ij 7
- lUO.'AJner II & V ...j <i% «%1 «i-«! 7
l.bOu, lio j>fd I 40 ii SitVt 40 j 4U«4
; -' '..iXraffiw .' ! 4-;ij S
;...;. .lA-r.tr- Linseed .. 19 } lii^
lOOj Ijo ]>fd ......i 42H <2.i 42'4i 45
'ii :?00 Amer Locomotlvej 47% 47"4 *~bii 47^
l»o pra ....- 111*1112
• ...Amer Malt *.:.:. 4*4 54
100| Do pJd ...... "-S5 25' 23* 25 fc,
s & X Co H7%flio«i lievi 117
'.00, Do pfd .:::. .<IU»% 119"*ill9-*il2u
l.'S.'-JiAn-.cr Steel Ffiyj '8 7' 8 j S',i
"\-Mjft\ L» tfd ...... \ XiVi 36Vi 37% 37t»
'7((ojAmer Hu^ar 188% 13SH- U»%ll»;
\u25a0 :.."....) Uo rfd ..... -Li 138 |13-»
....... ;A-mcr T & T Co; iI"O -1140.
!Am<-r T<.b \J&..\ i SXS'I U7
I.7f«;Amrr Woden ..' \u25a03e=i« 30% ;!«% 30%
' I De pfd !.....l.:...ilf£i\ 103*} 4
2.2C-K Anaconda iUO IOS I^ 110 110 ft
\u0084 Ann Arbor .....'.. «5 3S
....... Do j:fd 1.!... . .. .-J"TB- ISO
";. Atlantic C LSnc.)::-... . ..'. .jlSdVsllSt
2,4ofj!A T A: Santa Fe! KS'i Si%\ S3HI Ss*4
- 4<X)\ Do vtA .. UC2SUO2u'IC2 102^
OKJ&Balt & Ohio ...'li:i-\!ll3 lU3 113U
.......! l>o pfd !....'.i 1 i)&% 89
!3ay State Gas..! J .j 3-ie U
" '3.50(i|1i « T J cs'ii 67%' <- s H «SVi
....... IRrooklyn U Gai-j.....| IIS7 194
'/. [Brunswick D& 1!..-...1 J 15Vt 16Vi
Butterick Co j. ...Am% 70
iCanada Southern).... -.! |«3 70
2,-ifiCfCanadian lac ..j162H!.152%fUK|4 ISM
«XC & p ....... I^2^] 52% 52^ r>2?;
!C & A I I, I 34 j 30
UUCi Do pfd i 79V 4 ; 78>4|"*7fl ' 7!>tt
....... C & E I pfd I ;v... 130 140
CI & L pfd .:} SO DO
;.....Jc &, Q W !»-,; i 9%
1 Do A rfd ...» «3 «•> •
* . X>o-3 i»Td 0014 31 J
.......I Do <lel>s j i R3 SOU
!c & X W ...J207 li*»
T.SOOIC M & Et.P ... 179% 176^ 178% 178%
1 Do" Pfd I. .:..|IRS |IS9
2.3rW'C RI&P <new)i "MHit So%i 30% XO%
. . SOOJ ..Do pfd 75H j-."3U -7554 7« I
fri-....l Do U I J..,.,152?J 82%"*
iChicago Subway I j 81% 81%
(Chicago Term ...,.| 18 18%
100 Do pfd ...V.. 37%1 37% 37% 40
2uolChicaso Un Trac B%i BVi S% 8%
...f Do pfd 34 36
200 C C C & Et L.. 88% OS% 84% 98%
100! Do pfd ...... 115^|115V* 115 120
Cleve Lor & W." 72 »0
Do pfd 1..-...115 120
l.OOOiColo Fuel & Iron 44% 44% 44% 44%
Do pfd 185
300,Colum HC& L. 13 13 12% 13^
Colorado So 26% 27} i
....... Do Ist pfd 6S 5a%
Do 2d pfd :..... 37 38
Consol Gas 18S% l»0
jCorn Products 10 10U
Do pfd 46 47
100 Del and Hudson 191 191 100% 191%
100 DL & W 3»5 395 331 395
D&RG 30 31%
| Do pfd 85 86%
........ De» M & Ft D .- 21 23 ,
Detroit Un Ry 82U 92%
........ Detroit So 8 11
Do Pfd ." 39 41
Diamond Match 139% 140
100 Distil Secur .„. 40% 40% 40% 41
...-..:. Do bond* :...... 79% 80
:...... Duluth 8S i A 14% 15V4
Do pfd '\u25a0.'.«.....»...:.». 28% 2a
16.900 Erie 47?fe 46% 47% 47%
7.500J Do Ist pfd ... 84% 83% 84% 84<S«
35,100 Do 2d pfd .... 75 73 74% 74%
E& T H ';...' 62- 65
....... Do pfd S5 90
Ft W & DC 71 74
Gen Chemical 61 61%
2COI Do pfd .. 104 1104 103 104
600|Gen Electric ...1173% 172 171% 173
200 Great No pfd ...J2BB £8S 287 2SS%
Greene Cons Cop 24% 24%
Greene Gold 4% 4%
Havana Tob Co 25 28%
Do pfd 35 38
%.. Hocking Valley 85% 93
,Do pfd 83 93%
2,300 Illinois Central . 169% 168141169 16l»%
Interboro ... 1207 207%
Inter Paper 26 26%
Do pfd 18hi 78-?*
ilnter Power 67 85
....... Inter Pump '. . . 27% 30
...Do prd '......;.::.. 80 83
lowa Central 26 27%
Do pfd 50% 51%
....... Japanese 4%s 92^ 92%
Do 2ds -. 99% 99%
-...i.y. no ists — v. ...... ...... ioih 101%
Kahawha & Mch 80 35
KCFtS&Mpfd.. 81% 83
Kans City So 25% 25%
Do Dfd 56 57
Keokuk & D M ....... 13 15
....... Laclede <Jae pfd 87% 110
....... Lake Erie & W 31 35
I)o pfd 02 95
Long Island | 55 . j»0
900|L. & N. 144 1143%(143>' 143%
iLehlgh Valley ..\ 61% U2
Mackay ...I | 40% 41%
j Do pfd 74 74%
300|Manhattan JJ6SU 165% 165 165%
(Manhattan Beachi B%j 13
....... .iMarlne ... |...:. 13% 13%
I Do pfd 30% 31
- v«-50fr ii«t -SwmriJieß; ./|-82%j R2- . . 81% S2
• 14.700iM«- gt -Ry-^,. : j126%j12X% 120 126%
•JSOCHMexican Ontral. 21*4 20% 21 |
iMinn &\u25a0 St L J 54 I «0
Do-lstpfd. 1 85 103
rOOfM -St P &. a 8 M 122%t122-% rJ2% ! ,rM%
)- Do pfd 1 (157 I llCrt
... IMo-Kan & Texas -.1...:. 27% l 27%
400 Do. pfd ....... 63 J 62% 62% C 3
3.2oo>Mis«ouri Pacific. 9S^\ 97% «7% 98%
| :...v.. Nash Cha &St L. | 143 147
| National Lead ;.)'.. .:.1 41! 45
300 Do pfd ... ...1105% 105% 105 106
\u0084 N R R of M pfd.f 36%| 37%
1,700 National Biscuit. | 57 5C% 56%| 57
. 50O| Do pfd- 112% 112 112 113
;INew Jersey Cen 198 200 .
N V Air Brake | 148% 150
SOOIN V Central .. 144% 144% 144 H4%
300JN T C & St L. 49% 49^4 49 49%
...IDo Ist pfd 110 115
.:. Do 2d pfd 81 82
!N T Dock .' :.... 24 30
JOCIN \"N H & H ..202% 202% 201% 202%
400N V Ont & W .. 50% 50% DO% 50%
2, «OOJ NorTOIk & W ..j S6Vt 55% 86% 86>4
700| Do pfd 94 f«4 92 95
• JOO'N American .... 93 08 08 9d
7C«oj Northern Pac .. 202V4 202 202 203 \i
..'N Securities .v. 172% 174
; iOmaha ...• 185 195
! Do pfd 190 200
;,..i..:jO S L 4's ;... ...;. 96 06^
Pacific Coast ... \u0084 ; 90 94
Do Ist pfd ...103 110
Do 2d pM 90 95
100 Pacific Mail ..:. 42 42 42% 43
17,10CiPenn R R Co .. 141% 140% 141% 111%
100; People's Gas . 10414(104% 104 V 4 104%
P C C & St L.. .....: 78 78%
Do prd '. ..... . 100 105
300 Pressed Steel Car 39 35% 38% SBV4
100 Do pfd 94% 94% 94 95
Pullman Car Co 237 241
;:. Ry S S Co 34% 35
... Do pfd .....90 89%
IR.COO Reading 103V4 102% 102% 10:}
2.000J Do Ist pfd 92 92 91 93
1.0001 Do 2d pfd 92 92 91 »3
SOftißepublic S & I . 20% 20% 20U 20%
COO! Do pfd :. 52% 82% 82% 83
100 Rubber Goods .. 34 34 33% 34%
... I Do pfd 103 105
Ruthland pfd ;....] 60 70
... (Sloss S S & I Co 60 81%
Do 'pfd ............ 100 125
St.J & G I 16 17
Do Ist pfd ' 02 52%
i . Do 2d pfd. 1 23% 23
200 StL &. SF Ist pfd 7S 77 77 .80
.., Do Id PM «"% 67%
StLi-5W,,.,.. 23 23%
Do pfd ;.... 58 59
2,300 Sduthern Pac... 04% 63*4 <»% CIV 4
I Do pfd 118 117% 117% 118
5001 Southern Ry ... 32% 32% 32% 32%
I Do pfd. 98% OS%
iStandard Oil -616 C2O
....... (Standard R. & T ' % 1
l.Soo!Tecn Coal & I. 85% 83' A 85% 85%
Texas P L T Co 43 43%
Texas Pacific 32% 33%
Third Avenue 127 130
:.,..-... Toledo R & T Co ...: 33% 34%
\u25a0 lOO.Toledo St L& W 38% 38% 38^4 38%
100,'- Do pfd 50 56 55% 56
. ' 100 Twin City R-T. 113 113 113% 113%
l.OOOjUnlon Bag & P 9 !> 9 10
3Oo! Do pfd 73% 73% 73% 75
29,000; Union Pacific .. 125%i127% 125% 125%
• 800 Do-pfd «S% 08% 98 95%
.. Do cony 4s .. 12S 128%
United Copper 31% 32%
BOOiVnited RofS J" «5 6-1% «4% 65
'4001 Do pfd S6 55% 85% JS6
..I Do 4s »l 'SIW
fIOO-U S Cast Iron P 30% 30% 30% 31
200 Do pfd .. -9:{ 93 93 93%
• 100 U S Express ... 124% 124% 123 125
.1..... U S Leather 12 12%
. ... Do pfd-.. 106% 111%
300 U-S-- Realty & C 00% 90«4 89% 90%
\u25a0 3001 U SR & n Co. 31 30% 30% 31
lOo! Do Pfd ...... 07% 07% 07 65%
• " 700!U S Rubber .... 45% 47% 47% 4S
200! Do pfd ...... lU> 109% 108% 109%
23 900U-S Steel Cor .. 34 V* 33%! 3.5% 33%
18 90C Do pfd 102% 101% 102% 102%
. Va-Car Chem Co '.. -33% 34
".'.:'.. :A Do pfd 104 108
100 Wabash .19 10 18% 19
- Do pfd 39% 3!>%
... Do deb Bs .. . . «9- WV4
""..:.. Wells Farso Ex. 228 245
' 100 Western Union.. 93% 93% 93% £3%
Westinghouse •• ies% TC7
...... Do Ist pfd 190 105
W & L E 16 17
Do Ist pfd 39 41
:::::.. do :« ph 2.1% 21%
Wisconsin Cen.. ..... ..... 23% 24
Do Pfd 51- 51V4
304.COO— Total share* sold. ~
Xcw York Bond*.
U S ref 2s reg. .lo3%! Japan Cs, cert.... 101%
Tto coupon .103'4!.Tapan Cs. 2d ser. 99%
Do 3s rrK.....-10-"H4! Japan 4%a. cert.. ' 82U
Dn coupon ..lfH |L & N unified 45. 103%
' Do new 4s r«B.i: J 'lH!Man con cold 45.104
Do c0up0n...... 1^2% M« Central 45.:. 76%
Do old 4s reff..lo4 Do 'lst mc '. 22
' Do coupon 104 • Minn & St L 4s. 97%
Amer Tob 4s 7«»4 M. X A. Texas 45U01%
Do Cs .-..' "SHI Do 2dF P8 .
Ktch ecn 4* IO4U NR of Mcx con 4s 82
" Do adj 4«-: IN T C sen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 4tMW*;N J Cm 55... .134
'TJalt ft Ohio 45. 105%! N0r Pacific 45..... 10«
-.Do 3»,i« ... 95%( Do 3« ......... 77%
Central of Ga 65.114 • !Nor<t W'con 45.103V4
•Do l*t mc SiOV, O S L reMsr 45... ort%
" rv, M 1nc.... S.-H4 Pa -onv 3U«..... ins /3
rhe» & Ohio 4%5.1f0 'Rradfnir cen 4b... 102%
Chi & Alton 3H«. SO%IS L & I M con 58.115%:
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY ,27,0905.
C, B & Q new 45.101%!5t L & S F. fg. 4s. SB%
C R I & Pac 4s. 82% St.L.S w. con 4s. 82
Do col ss. 94 1,4 ' Seaboard a L 4s. 90
C.C.C & v SLgn 4s.lo3^|So Pacific 4s ..:. »4Uj
Chi Term 4s. S6V* Da Ist 4s. cert. 95%
Colo Midland 45.. 73^ So Railway 55....115« i
Colo & So 4b 85^ Tex & Pac 1 sts . . 122
Colo Ind 5s ser A 74% Tol. St L & W 4s. 85
Do 5s rt ser 8... 73 (Nnion Pacific 45.. 105%
Cuba 5s cert 107 Do cony 4s 128Va
Dec & Rio G 4s.lCo»i U S. Steel 2d 55.. »4*4
Dist Securities 5s 79H Wabash lsts ...».11S
Erie prior lien 45.1014 Do deb B t;9V4
Do gen 4s W\V, Western Md 45... 8S
F W & D C }sts.ll3y 4 iW & L Erie 45... 92^4
Hock Val 4&5... 108%) WlB' Central' 4s.-.. 84
New York 'Mining "'Stock*. -
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ..... 05
Alice ...". ..; ' 5« Ontario .......... 2 00
Breece / 40 Ophlr ...6 25
Bruns Con 13 Phoenix 02
Comstock Tunnel. 07% Potosl 10
Con Va Mm C0.. ; l 16 Savage 60
Horn Silver ..... 1 751 Sierra Nevada 22
Iron Silver 3 10! Small Hopes ...... 30
Leadville Con 0C: Standard 1 00
itoMi.n Stocks and Bonds.
Money— lU S Steel.. 332J
Call loans 2%©3»,4l Do pfd 102
Time loans 3?i@4?i Wetting Common. So
Bonds— Mmmg — ,
Atchison 4s 102Ti Adventure 6>i
Do adj 4s 96V4 Allouez 28
Railroads — Amal Copper 83T4
Atchison S5 | Amer Zinc 10
Do pfd IC2Vi Atlantic ..IS
Boston & Albany.'.'ctJH Binsham . .... 31
Boston & Maine. 178 ] Calumet & Hecla.C7o .
Boston Elev 157 Copper Range ... 71 *£
Fitchburß pfd 145 Vi Daly West 1394
Mcx Central 20% Dom Coal ..^.^.. 77
NY,N H & H..202 "1mnl;lln" 1 mnl;lln U»4
Pere Marquette... 9S Granby fivfr
Union Pacific ...123% Mass Mining Si{,
Miscellaneous — Michigan 14U
Amer Arge Chem. 22 Mohawk ......... 52>£
- Do pfd :. 90 • Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Amer Pneu Tube. 6*4 Old Dominion ... 2S>4
Amer Sugar ISSy. Osceola , 100%
Do pfd 137H Parrot .25
Amer Tel & Te1.138% Quincy 107
Amer Woolen ... Sflt-j Shannon 'Vi
Do pfd 103 (Tamarack 123
Dom Iron & 5... 22Ts Trinity 8.
Ed E'ect 11ium.. 24'! I'nlted Copper ... 31»4
Gen Electrio ....173 |U S Mining...... 33%
Mas* vr trie 17% U S Oil 10%
Do pfd C 2 Utah 44^i
Ma«« Gas 44% Victoria 3H
United Fruit 106 Wlnona '. 12%
Un Shoe Mach... 77?; Wolverine ..117
Do pfd 32 ! .'
London C'loalne Storks.
Cons money 90 3t16) N V Central 145%
Do for acct..9O 3-16 Nor & Western... SR&
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 9« J
Atchison 87 U Ont & Western... 53%
Do pfd ICsV4! Pennsylvania ..... 72%
Bait & Ohio 115% Rand Mines ..... 9^
Can Pacific ir>6H Readlnjc .'... M
Ches & 0hi0..... 53«4 Do Ist prd.. 4<S
Chi Great West.. 20 Do 2d pfd...;.. 48
Chi. Mil & St P.IS3« So Railway 33%
De Beers 16% Do pfd 101
Den & Rio G 31% So Pacific ... »>5»4
Do pfd BS%! Union Pacific .:. .131H
Erie 47%' Do pfd 101
Do Ist pfd R0 (US Ste-1 34%4
Do 2<l pfd 73% l Do pfd 19%
111 Central ..173% Wabash 4D%
Louis & Nash. ...151% Do pfd 90
M. X &. Texas... 28% Spanish 4b'....:.. 91%
Bar ellver— Steady; 27 3-10 d per ounce.
. .Money — 1 per cent.
The rate of discount in the .open market
for short bills Is 1% per cent and for three
months' bills I*4 per cent. \u25a0 \u25a0 «
Condition of the Treamnry.
WASHINGTON, July 2A.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance.
$123,933,006; gold. coin and bullion, $47,2;i,301.
»vr York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 20.— COTTON— The cot
ton market to-day showed a very nervous
tone. There was continual uncertainty about
the issuance of the revised acreage reduc
tions and likewise \u25a0 continual speculation us
to whether the Government rejx>rt would be
bullish or bearish. ' Upon the publication of
the revised figure 14.0 decreased . acreage
against 11.4 in the report of June 3, tho
market immediately advanced 20 points, but
met with a tremendous volume of liquida
tion sales which carried prices down stead
ily to tho close. The situation for the next
few days is liable to be unsettled. To-day' 6
report rectifies thft discrepancy - made in the
June report.- which was doctored 'to facili
tate gambling transactions of unscrupulous
persons, and will give the \u25a0\u25a0 -trade-' a- better
basis for calculating: the crop ; situation and
outlook when the August report on the con- 1
dltion of the plant la published on the 3d
prox. ... . . , -. • ( . ; = \u25a0
\u25a0 To-day's report means n crop of at best
not over ten million bales. It Is the'itmallest
acreage and the lowest condition for six
years.
Futures opened very firm. 'July 11.04 c; Sep
tember, 11.04 c; October, 11.19 c: November,
offered 11.19 c; December 11.22 c; -January,
11.24 c; February-, offered 11.26 c; March, 11.33 c;
April, 11.35 c; May. 11.8001 1.42 c. .
Closed steady. July, 10.65 c; August. 10.64 c
September,. 10. 75 c; October, 10.85 c; November;
10.87 c; December, 10.94 c; January. 10.97 c;
February. 10.l»9c; March, 11.05 c; April.. 11.09 c;
May. 11.12 c. • . .'
Spot closed quiet, 25 points - lower; mid
dling uplands, 11.16 c; middling gulf, 11.-tUo;
sales, 15 bales. - -
NeTc York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
9764 barrels; exports, 5607; dull • and barely
steady.
WHEAT — Receipts. 2000; spot, easy; No.
2 red, nominal elevator, and 94% c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 36% f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba, nominal f.
o.- b. afloat. Options opened weak and lower
as a result of liquidation and favorable North
west weather. A rally covering was followed
by afternoon depression under big Southwest
receipts, heavy Northwest markets, a bear
lsh Snow report and short selling- with a
final rally an covering. Last pricea were Vt&
%c net lower. May, 01^(592 %c, closed 92Hc;
July 93gU3%c. closed 93% c; September 90}i#
91 Vie. closed 90% c; December 90 %@ 92c, closed
91% c. •
PETROLEUM and WOOL— Steady.
HOPS— Firm. . \u25a0
HlDES— Quiet. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
B}4c; mild, steady; Cordova. 10@13c.
The market for futures closed firm.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3 7-16 c;
centrifugal, t>U test, 4 l-16cf molassee sugar,
3 3-10 c; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Finn; renovated,- common to ex
tra, ISSI 9c; western Imitation creamery, com
mon to extra. 17%@10 ] /2C. .
CHEESE— Unchanged. .
EGGS — Firm; western, extra firsts, 19© 20 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
firm. Common to good, 4V6@5?4c; prime, 6@
6^4c: choice, oH®7c; fancy, TAc.
PRUNES — Unchanged. Quotations range
from ." to 0c for spot supplies.
, APRICOTS— Steady with choice at OSlOc;
extra choice, 10',4©llc; and fancy, 12^QlSc.
PEACHES — Unchanged; 10@lo>4c for choice;
extra choice, 10>4®10>,6c; and fancy, 11^4®12c.
RAISINS— Quiet; loosa muscatel, .. 4%@rt^j;
seeded raisins, s^f.©<i^c; London layers, Sl@
1 15. ,
Ncvr York Metal 3lnrkrt.
NEW YORK. July 2C. — There was a con
tinued advance in the London ' tin i market,
•with prices" gaining about £1 for the day,
closing at £150 15s for snot and £149 17s lid
for futures. Locally^ the market was in
fluenced by the continued strength abroad and
closed firm lat $32 95@33 15,
\u25a0 Copper was unchanged at £<J7 13s for spot
and £CS for futures in the London market.
Locally prices v/ere also unchanged with lake
and electrobtic quoted at ?15 115><4@15 25 and
casting at lit 75, .
Lead was firm and higher in the local mar
ket, with the large interest advancing the
selling price to $4 U0 and the general ranee
standing at $4 Kujfl 03. London was hither
at £14: ',
Smelter was ' unchanged In both markets,
closing at £'Si . 15s in London and at $5 50©
5 55 locally. \u25a0 ; . ; /
Iron closed at 49» 4d in Glasgow and /at
47» In . Middlesboro. The local ! situation *Vas
urcbanged; No. 1 foundry is quoted at $1«,2->{J
17; No. 2 foundry, northern. $15 75@18 50:
No. 1 foundry, southern. $15 ,?5®16 75; JCo. 1
foundry, southern, soft, $16 25@17 25; No. 2
foundry, southern, soft. $15 50@18 25. I
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions. .
CHICAGO. July 28.— Sentiment ; lrf the
wheat pit was bearish alnjost : without! variaj'
tion from beginning- to end. Notwithstanding
higher prices for . wheat at Liverpool,
market here opened weak, with September
down %<{p,4e ; -to .%©%c"at.'Bo"i.- to \£a%c.
Longs were liberal * sellers. -. There was also
considerable selling for short ; account. .".' The
situation iv : the ' Northwestern _. wheat fields
formed the principal . source of weakness.
While \ there I had i been scattered showers in
various localities, the weatherin; general was
not unfavorable to the I growing crop. Reports
from the Northwest concerning damage by
rust Indicated that less . apprehension was now
felt in that respect. ' - •
About the only ray of bop« for the bulls
was gleaned from a : prediction of ; showers
throughout ' the Northwest. * The prediction
caused a slight rally soon after the opening
September selling, up to 87c. The advance
was quickly followed :by profit taking. As a
result. ;' September dropped ;-\u25a0 to 859ie.' Primary
\u25a0 receipts almost .'; double those '* or ... the \u25a0/ corre
epondlng day -a- year ago had a' depressing fef
fect. -Lower prices Ifor1 for cash wheat at South- 1
western .markets', exerted i additional ; \ bearish
influence.-: The market' closed weak, with Sep
temb*r-at.fi6*J@BoHc.\*-»-' -V" .-...*_•'\u25a0—'.. .; . . :.
Larger receipts than estimated caused weak-
ness in . the corn market. Crop \u25a0 reports" gener-"
ally were • of a i bearish nature and v> weather
conditions were*- extremely .-favorable * for* the
new crop. '-.'. September - closed %c lower at
835335ic. v .:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'. ; ;-\u25a0• \u25a0 ;. ; :Cr. . •-- \u25a0 ,
The feature of trading in oats was liquida
tion by 'several.- prominent holders. September
closed H@%c lower at 28% c. :'.
Provisions — An I advance :of - 5q J in \u25a0 the ! price
of live hogs .had : .a steadying effect. "At the
close September. Dork was off sc, lard was a
shade lower and ribs were, up a shade. -
The leading futures- ranged- as follows: v
Articles. \u25a0 Open. High. Low. Close.
.Wheat, No. ?•— - . ...
July ........... -87%- V-87S- . Ss*i .86*4
September ..... • SV-% ' .- \u25a0P7 . 85*4 S6i4
December 87% 87# -86% i . 87%
Corn, No. 2—2 — - '\u25a0 ? ;-- . . .•• \u25a0
July, old .; 57, . 57& r 55% .56 .
July new ..... 50^ 56% . = 65% . ' 55 v4
September old. P4% . 54% 53^ 53%
September, new. ; 54%;. : 54"^ 53% ,• 53%
December, new. 47% . 47V4 .: 46% - 47,
Oats No. — — ... , •;\u25a0 ,
July .". 31Vi 31% 30Wj 30»4
September ..••• 29 >29 28% ' 2*%
December 29 >,* 29^ 2f> 29%
May •• 31 V 4 .31%: .30% 31%
Mess pork .per bhl
September .". . . .13 07% 13 10 12 92% 13 05
October 12 »<> 12 97% 12 90 12 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs— , .>,u.
September • • • • \u25a0 • • • " 22%
October!. 730 73Q 7 27%. 730
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— s- ' . .
Cnsli Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Cash quotations were
as followB: -Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
*1 04&1 10- No. 3, 95c&$l 05; No. 2 red/87%®
\u25a0 88c- No 2* cprn. Wic; No. 2 yellow, saU@,
5«5%'c- No. 2 oats. 32% c: No. 2 white, 31% c;
No 3* white 20% c; good feeding barley. 38®
30c- fair to choice malting, 4;je*6c; No. 1 flax
seed $1 28- No. 1 Northwestern. $1 39; prime
tlmothv "seed $3 20; mess pork, per bbl.
tl£ 05@13: lard, per 100 . lbs, $7 07%@7 10;
short ribs sides (loose). [ $7 75@7 S3: short
clear sides (boxed), 57 87U@S; whisky, basisi
of high wines. $1 27; clover, contract, grade,
*' Articles— ' Reeelpts/Shlpments.
FloJr bbl. .28,800..- 00.400
Srn at bu bu .:::::::::::::: «ffl iIS
nntK ha .. ..." 353,400 '\\ 240. 6C0
Rye bu .....'. 5.000
Barley? bu -•• 34,000 7.100
Butter, Cheese and Eeie*.
CHICAGO July 20. — On the Produce Ex
chanee- to-day the butter market, was firm;
creameries. l«%@'2oc; dairy. 15J4«18c. Eggs
firm. 15c; firsts. \u25a0 16% c; prime firsts. ISc; ex
tras,' 20c. Cheese firm, lO^igll^c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Omaha.
OMAHA, July 28— CATTLE— Receipts 4200.
Strong to 10c 'higher;.- native : steers, . $3 500
8 50- cows and heifers. 52 So@4 40; west
ern 'steer- $3 25®4 50; Texas • steers, $2 750
3 65; cows and heifers, $2@3 50; ' canners.
$1 50<S'2 50: stockers .and feeders, .$2 25@4;
calves. $3(^5 60; bulls and stags, $2@» ; 76. .
HOGS— Receipts, 10.500. Market 5c higher;
heavy S5 55<55 tiO; mixed. $5 57%!g0 CO; light,
$5 CO<S5 fis: pigs. $* 50@5 40; bulk of sales,
*SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Slow and weak;
Eastern yearlings, $1 45ig5; wethers, $4 30@
4 60; ewes, $4<y4. 40; lambs, $6@6 75.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 26.— CATTLE — Receipts
16 000 Steady to'lOc hlgner; good to prime
steers $."> 2U85 85; poor to medium, $3 60@
5 10- Gtockers and feeders, $2 25@4 45; cows,
$2 605 4 fiO- heifers $2 25@4 75; canners, f_> 25gi
•J 30- bulls, *"f 3 80; calves, $3@«} 75; Texas
fed steers, ?o®4 75; western steers. $3 CO®.
HOGS Receipts, 18.000; to-morrow. 40.000.
Market s@loc higher; mixed and butchers,
J5 40@« 50- good to choice heavy. $5 85@6 05;
rough heavy, $5 45@5 70; light. $5 70@6; bulk
ofrsaies, -$5-80«(5. • -- • \u25a0 '
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. . Sheep 10c lower;
lamb*, 10»J?15c lower; good to choice wether?,
U 70«5 10; fair to choice 'mixed, $i<B* G5;
western sheep. $W* SO; native lambs. $5@7;
western lambs. $5 00<g6 55.
Knnnas City.
KANSAS CITY. July 26.—CATTLE—Re
ceipt" 10,000, including 2000 -Southerns. Steady
to Btrong. .Native steers, $4@D 50; native
cows and heifers. $205; stockers and feeders,
$2 75®-4 'J5; bulls, $2}J4: . calves, $3(@5 50;
western fed steers, ?3 50fi5; western fed cows.
**» 75@4
"HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market s@>7%c
higher- bulk of sales, »5 67%@3 75; heavy,
$5 tMgS 70; packer*. ?5 65@5 77%; r pigs and
Receipts. 7C00." Weak.' Muttons,
$4©..% o5- lambs. *5 25@tfM>; range wethers.
54 60@5 38; fed ewes, $4@4 50. .
MISCELLANEOUS MAR-iETS.
Foreign .Future*.
LIVERPOOL. ;
- Wheat— July- t Sept. . Dec.
Opening \ ..Nominal. 6 B^4 6 7%
Closing ..^Nominal. »' 6 5%... OT%
-pjvris." -\u25a0 «ir 1-~1 -~- ' -\u25a0 .
Wheat — '.f \u25a0 July. r Nov-Feb.
Opening ............. ..24 00 22 85
Closing ............;V..;.'..,24 70 *22 85 \u25a0
Flour —
Opening « 31 30 30 35
Closing 3120 30 35,
St. I<oulH , Wool Market. .
' ST. LOUIS. July 26.— W001, steady/Medium
grades \u25a0 combing and ' clothing, 20<ff31c; light
fine, 21@25c; heavy fine, lS@22c; tub washed,
32542 C. . . 'I . ....
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 26.— Wheat for export-
Club. 72®73c; Bluestem, 77®SOc; for milling —
Valley, 75c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 2«.— Wheat, unchanged. For
export — Bluestem, 790; Club. 74!575c.
Northern Dunlnena. -
SEATTLE. July 26.— Clearings, $1,082,512;
baTances, $424,206. " '
' TACOMA.-July 26.— Clearings, $438,631 ; bal
ances. $57,033. .
PORTLAND, July 26. — Clearings, $556,110;
balances,, 574,832.
SPOKANE. July 1 26.— CTearlngs, $565,375;
balances, 5123,186.
LOCAL. MARKETS.
Eschaßgc and Bullion.
N-ew York Exchange was lower and Sterling
was also weaker. -\u25a0
j LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @4 85V£
Sterling Exchange, . sight — <3?4 87>4
Sterling Exchange, cables — @4 Bt«i4
New York Exchange, sight...... — © 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — <a> 07«4
Silver, per ounce SB%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 4& O 47%
' INTERNATIONAIv. -
New York on Paris. '........... .5.16"4.
New York* on Mexico,. ...202
Paris on London .25.14
.Berlin on I.onuon 20.4 C%
AV'hcnt nnd Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. Broomhall cabled that the aggregate
of foreign crops would be about 11.000,000
bushels larger than | last year and that the
farmers' reserves are very small. . -. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Chicago declined l%c. In this market
futures were fractionally weaker, with fair
buytng. The cash situation remained as
before. CASH WHEAT.
California Club,, $1 43@1 55; California
White Australian. $1 Co@l 65; : Northern
Club $1 Bo®l 05; Northern Bluestem, $1 «2*4
©1 07V»: Northern Red. $1. 50@l 51*4 per ctl;
lower grades of Wheat. $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
-...'... FUTURES. ;;,.... "\u25a0\u25a0
•Session 0 to 11 :30 a. ; m. \u25a0.-..-
Open. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 High. Low. Close.
December \u25a0...*1 43^ ?1 44V4 $1 «% $1 44ft
2 p ' in. \u25a0 Session. ;
Open. High. Low." Close.c
December ...«1 Wi Jl«!i *1 W* *IJ*%:
BARLEY— The ruling figure for No^l^Feed
yesterday was $1, but several sales* of choice
bright at $1 -01 V4 were reported. market
was dull and weak, though receipts were light. *;
er than they have been of late." Futures were ;
also quieter,' but '• higher by/*everal fractions.
: CASH BARLEY."
" Feed . 95c@$l wlth^s\ 01 % "tor ex tra j
bright; new Brewlur, : Chevalier, $l@l 10
per ctl. ; yFUTURE S :
, Setilon. 9 rto 11:30 a. m.
1 : .;./ -V* Opeh; 'High. Low. Close.
December- ... \u25a0 UU*i - > »7% 9(J"4 87^4
;-,-\u25a0-.- ;-'jr : - '- :":2 p. m.--* Stssion..- . \u25a0 ... , j
jr. Open. ; High. Low. Close.
December ... »JVi < »7Vj ..... 07.H 97 ? -
VOATS— The market continues quiet, but . of
ferings are lighter. , Good to choice are firm,'
but the lower grades are weak and-cull. • • '.
Red.vjl oO©l 33 \u0084for cholce.ifil ZiftQi 27%
for/fair ;to good 'and |$1 -15@1 20 for -common..
COKN— There Is no further change to report
In this market;-; which Is quiet. No . Western
ls''comlng-»ln at', present.-* '--\u25a0\u25a0'-••'.>.\u25a0. \u25a0 :
'» Western sacked. S $1 : 40@l 45 " for Yellow and
White and $1 40 for' Mixed; California large
Yellow $1 4501 47 Vi: small round d 0, .51 55@
1 60: r White, \u25a0\u25a0»l-37%®1-42% :\u25a0\u25a0 Egyptian. Jl 40
ai 50 for White and $1'35@1 40 for Brown. \u25a0-,--
RYE— $1 47H@1 BO per ctl. ..;. \u25a0 ,
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 US per ctl. :
Flour und Farinneeonn Goodi. ; ; r *
FLOUR— California' Family : Extras.' $4 SO®
VlO usual > terms; \u25a0Bakers'' Extras,; $i 70®5;
Oregon f> and - Washingtpn. ,; Jobbing at $4#4 50
Pe FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are as fellows: ; Graham Flour, $3 25 per. 100
lbs- Rye Flour.-$3 75 <ln barrels. $4 75): "Rye.
Meal. • $3 50 (in * barrels.-, $4 sO> ; ? Rice 3 Flour,
.S8- Corni Meal. =$2. 50; extra cream do. 1 |a 73;
nV t Meals 4 25W4 50: - Oat- Groats, $4 50;
Hominy. $3 73©4; ; Buckwheat j, Flour, ; $4 500
4 75-*' Cracked Wheat. %Z 75; \u25a0" Farina, ;.-; $t 50:
Whole Wheat Flour.; $3 50:; Rolled Oats^bbls.'
So 51K&7. 50; \ in , sacks, : $C©7; ; Pearl ; Barley.^ «;•\u25a0
". .- .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'•'-.<\, ,--\u25a0-.>..» \u25a0;\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0.•\u25a0. ' ; :"
Split Peas. bbxeC"*3'so; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs. . •\u25a0 \u25a0•'..-;\u25a0 ---.\u25a0.-. ".;:••/.- : \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 r, "" \u25a0
Hay and Feedstuff*.
There is no . further "change !n • Feedstufts.
Receipts or Hay- were lighter, but the recent.
excessive arrivals ; have given -\u25a0 the market all
the supply*, it can carry lor some days yet.
'; The circular of Somers & Co. fays:
S '•Receipts for the past -week , have : been ex
ceedingly heavy, showing a total of SGOO tons,
in comparison with 1 * SCOO for the week pre
ceding. These arrivals are almost 100 p«r cent i
greater, than the daily • consumption conse
quently, as very few people are* stocking up,
matters have been In exceedingly bad shape
here. -.Choice Wheat Hay alone holds its own,
although ' there is some little weakening even
with . this grade. Other kinds of Hay are un
deniably lower, : more especially with Wheat
Hay of good -quality,' which- heretofore hasr
been selling at < from $11 to $13 now quotable
at from $0 50 to $10 50. From all indications,
this \u25a0 rush . will continue for. some j little .' time,,
at least as long as transportation can be fur
nished, although at the present writing, the
sidetracks' assigned . for "Hay axe completely,
filled. " There- are large quantities . of-- Hay in
most districts that must be marketed here
owing, to lack of storage facilities, and en the
whole prospects are not at all encouraging, j
- "Hay from the lowland districts; which hava
yielded very heavily this season,' continues to
come by water and finds a market only at ex-,
tremely low figures, practically below the cost'
of \u25a0\u25a0 production. : \u25a0 :. . •, ,'
"All indications at present, therefore are
toward a continued depressed, or- even lower,
market, and. we can see nothing In the way of
export trade or outside demand to relieve the
situation.*' '
BRAN— S2I 50@22 50 per ton. -
• MIDDLINGS— S2tS@2S 50 per ton. . -
SHORTS— S23<3'24 per ton. . . •
- FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley $21 30@22 50;'
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $33 30934 50; jobbing,
$35- Cocoanut Caks at mill. $22g22 50; Jobbing..
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mili. 522@22 50: Jobbing,
$'>3- Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn."
$30 5G@3l: Mixed F«ed. $22 50© J 4; Horse
Beans. $30®40 per ton; Broom Corn F<^d 900 -
per ctl- Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa. $18 in car lots
and $20 for smaller auahtltie*.
HAY— Wheat. $9ff113 50: Wheat and Oat.
$S 50(312"50; Oaf. $7©U" 50r~BarTey ana Oat,
$7® 10- Barley. $C 50@9- Volunteer Wild Oat.
$5®S; stable $6 BOSS 50: stock, $5®6; Clover,
$7(3,10; Alfalfa $6^9 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@SOc .per bale. . - j
jj Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule a,nd in all other respects
the market is unchangfed. , -
BEANS— Bayos. $3 50<24: Pea, $.">®3 50; But- •
ter $2 50@4; small White, . $3 25@X 75; large
White, $2 50@2 90: Pink. $1 50@2 50 for lair"
to good and $3 2553 75 for choice; Red, $'i 50
©7; Lima, $5 70<@5 75; Red Kidneys. $3@4 50;
Blackeyea. $353 15 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 25@2. , / ' '
SEEDS — Brown Mcstard. nominal; Yellow-
Mustard, nominal: Flax $2 25@2 75; Canary.
CMic; Alfalfa. 10@llc for California and 129
13c for Utah; Rape. 2%@3%c : Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per 1b; Millet,' 2»;@3Vsc:
Broom Corn. Seed, $20@21 per ton. • .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2(82 25; Green Peas.
$1 50@2 per ctl. \u25a0 ' •
Potatoes, Onion* -and Vegetables.
There was .continued, .weakness > In Potatoes,
supplies still .being in excess of market needs,
and, aside from a ' limited amount of business
in fancy Whites, there waa 'very* Uttle- dying,
the Red varieties being neglected altogether.
Onions were plentiful and weak at lower
prices. V , • . ;""\u25a0--,
In the vegetable . market Green Corn con
tinued to advance under . steadily decreasing
receipts and there was a scarcity of Peas,
String-. V.'ax and Lima Beans, all of which
were higher. Tomatoes and Green Okra were
more plentiful and lower and the other vege
tables were weak at the old quotations. Mar
rowfat Squash was offering in small quantities
at' lc per pound. • . . '\u25a0- "\u25a0' •• • \u25a0
POTATOES— New— EarIy Rose, 60@«ic rer
ctl; White, 50c@$l per ctl: Salinas -Burbank?.
90c@$l per ctl: Garnet Chiles: 40<J?55c per ctl.
ONIONS— YeIIow 90c@$l 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green -Peas. 3<iKsHc per lb:
String: and Wax, Beans. 4<Bsc per lb: Lima
Beans. 4!gsc per lb; "Tomatoes, 50@75c per
box; Summer Squash, 40@00c per box; Cucum
bers, 50<fS75c per box; Cabbage. 00c per cI;
Carroti!. 50c per sack; GarlTc, 2Vi©3c per lb;
Egg Plant, $l@l 25 per box; Green, Pepters.
50^750 per box for Chile and $l«S'l 25 for
Bell: Green Okra, 75cJET$l per box: Green Corn
$1 75®2 per sack and $1 75@2 50 per crate.
Poultry and Game. -
• There were continued heavy arrivals of
Poultry from domestic shipping ! points, with
trade still of a light routine cnaracwr. Tne
market, remained weak at- the- recently' revised
quotations and as usual. there was quite a sur
plus unsold at the close. ,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19-?21o per lb for
old and 23® 25c- for young: Gfese, per pair.
$1 25®1 50; Goslings. $1 50® 1 75; Ducks. $3 5j
@4 per dozen for old and $4^4 50 for young;
Hens, $4@5 for small and |5 50® rt for
large; young Roosters.- $1 60@6: old Roos
ters $4@4 50: Fryers, $3ig3 50: Broilers, $2®3;
Pigeons. $1 25. Squabs. $1 60@l 75.
GAMB-rHare,. $1 50(itl ,75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $1 5Cg2 pec.-jqzen. --.. #
\u0084 Butter. Cheese and'- Ejcrk.
The . Butter market 'was very -weak yester
day... V*ith."-the majority of houses quoting not
over 24c as the top. while some were shading
this figure. The recent advance proved too
rapid and sharp, -as already mentioned. -'
There was nothing 'new In Cheese.
Eggs continued steady, without especial
feature. : \u25a0 '
Receipts were 93.100 lbs 4 . Butter, 1166 cases
Eggs and 7300 lbs Cheese.* \u25a0••',- •
BUTTER — Creamery at ' first hand?. 210
for extras and - 22@23c for lower and medium
grades; dairy 20@22c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10®17Hc-
CHEESE — Good to choice "mild new, 9^9% c;
Young Americas, 10»4®llc; Eastern, 14©15 c
per lb. ' • ' ,
EGGS— Ranch 25@27c for large white se
lected and 22Va@24c for fair: to gocd: storJ
Eggs. 15@20c; Eastern flrtts.- 18®21c; seconds,
16©18 c per dozen. - r .-;.- \u25a0
Declduoum and Citrus Fruits.
The market for fresh fruits developed con
siderable strenerth, trade being active both on
regular consumptive and canning accounts, ani
prices of several small tree \u25a0 varieties rang. d
higher. Apricots. Peaches and Bartlett Pears
in bulk wero notably firmer under compara
tively light receipts - and an urgent • demand
for canning purposes. Small packages, too,
were in* better demand among 1 retailers, par
ticularly crated Apricots, prices of which had
a • sharp advance. Plums and Prunes were
abundant but steady, and Nectarines and Figs
continued to bring good prices while. the Apple
market was still- very, much depressed uncier
continued heavy arrivals and the outside quo
tation was obtained only, for small parcels of
gilt-edged stock. Cantaloupes and Watermel- '
ons were in good supply and; Inclined to easl
: ness, whtle* Nutmeg Melons -ruled, steady. A
consignment- of 150 crates of Nutmtgs came
in from the Coachella Valley. . the first far
: some time, and they sold at^prlcea ranging
from $1 75 to $2 60 per crate. ; Grapes and
Berries were plentiful and -easy, the weather
being against trade. There were no Logan
berries received.' Everything In' the Citrus
line ruled weak at' the old quotations. 1
. STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Lungtvorths,
$.-{'n&: largn varieties. $2®3 SO.
RASPBERRIES— Per ch-st $336.
LOGANBERRIES— NominaI.., . . '
- BLACKBERRIES— SI 50Q3 per chest. \u25a0
HUCKLEBERRIES— I2*Ac per lb.
APPLES— SSc®SI 15 per box for ; fancy and
40<@75c for common, to choice; Crab Apples,
60@75c per box. . . • \u25a0 •
APRICOTS — Crates. 60fr76c; small boxes. 40
@50c; in bulk, $30@35 per ton.:- ,
PEACHES — Small boxes. 4C(g6oc: . carriers.
50@75c;: large -boxes, 50®75c; In bulk, $3C©33
per ton for Freestone and $3UOCO for Cliui
stone.
. PEARS— Bartlett. $l(gl 75 per b:x: in.
bulk. ifOO " per ton for No. \u25a0 1 and |2U®as for
No. 2; -Dearborn Seedlings, Co@Bsc per box.
PLUMS AND PRUNE!*— Small box»s and
crates." ;35@60c . Plums, -in ' bulk. $10012 50
per ton. ' . '-;\u25a0
NECTARINES— Red, 90c@$l per box; .White,
800 per crate. :. v '
-FIGS — $102 per drawer:
- MELON8 — Cantaloupes. 52 5003 per crate for
river and $1 50©2 for Bakersfleld; Nutmeg
Melons, river,' "sl@l sO'per:box; Bakersfleld.
Slfil-BO^per crate: ; Watermelons, $I@3 per
doien.^ \u25a0 \u25a0 ' •• •\u25a0 \u25a0" >- • ...:-'.
Crates. 75c@$l ; email boxes,
''50©75 c. . " • • . .- \u25a0 \u25a0 . . \u25a0
• -CITRUS FRUITS^-Oranges, Valenclas.' $2 50
@4iper, box: Mediterranean - : Sweets.. $l'q-:
Lemons. $2 23@3 for fancy, $1 508?2 for cholc*
and ?I®l 25 for standard: Grape Fruit. $1 503
2 50; Mexican Limes. ' $4 5C$5 per case-Ba
nanas' $2 30'«o per 'bunch for Central Amerl
\u25a0 can :and- $I@l 75 for -Hawaiian; -Pineapples,
$1 60@2 60»v er ' dozen.: -.. \u25a0 \u25a0
Dried Fruit. Xutn. Raisin* and Honey.'
'.There Is nothing furthw ! n*w to report under
this head; Fruits continue firm, with Peaehe*
and - Prunes . leading. ' '
'.- • Late mail -\u25a0 advices ; from * New. York say of
Prunes: \u25a0;\u25a0- "The advance -of* Me -on \u25a0• Oregsn
Prunes to'a-2%c basis, is indicative of condi
tions ' existing -on the ' coast... The,; crop ha»
been badly: damaged by the excessive heat, and
the reduction * r»"r already;, sufficient to cause
some apprehension among - growers and pack
ers. • With the probable crop in California- re
duced-to 7.0,000.00*) Dounds and Oregon's -out
: put 5 down - to ; 20.000.0C0 \u25a0 pounds,- : the- total - Is
not an appalling quantity. "The crop in France
is I not * more than half \u25a0 that- of last - year, and
i Bosnia and Servian both report poor yields.
Under this combination \u25a0of circumstances prices
should rule : higher.'.'., v . ;; - .... .-....:. .
-.- FRUlTS— Apricots, .5-4© <3«c for new. crop
Royals ' and * "-' . for •, Moorparks : «\u25a0 Peacfces,'
6^4®6%c ' for ' standards,'- 7@7 "ri c lor : choice, : 7 H
©T%c for extra- choice >and SfifSVic forfancy;.
Pears * 01d,;.7@11c ; Plums.'.nominal ; ; new . Eva.i- r I
orated Apples. 7JX©Sc;.«un-dried,2Q:3c per lb.:
PRUNES— OId crop, 2".'cg2'!ic per lb for the
four sizes and 3@3">l bads, for the large si2-s.
New': crop Prune«?3iS3Vic-four r slze, basis/. with
3Uc asked- by < many.'- 1 .-\u25a0-'-> *•. • - \u25a0;
<• \u25a0 , RAISINS— IOO4 crop f . 0. . b. . Fresno— Debesa
clusters, $1' 35<81 40; • London Layers.* 83@93c:
Loose 1 Muscatels,-; 4 -crown.. tVfe©3c;_3-cro i wn.'
4fi4Uc:.2-crown..3ip3tic:' Thompson's" Seed-
Jees, 4»<«5 - 4-^c-.!iSeed*d.»4U@s')4Ciper»lb. \u25a0
\u25a0 NUTS— "Walnuts.- No. 1. softshell, \u25a0 12@13c;-
No -2. •lC®ll<i:.No. I 'l.'-bar.lshell -. I2c; N0., 2.
loc;> Almonds.s iSS'l'c ; for » Nonpareils, 15® l»tc
\u25a0 for \u25a0 I X " L , and |N« I Plus 111 tra I and 1 1 6T 1 2c fcr
Laiiguedbc: * Pf^nuts. r6®7c for Eastern:^ Pe
cans. 1 1 1 Kl3c : t Cocoanuts.-; $4 '50(23. : i • '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-: • \u25a0 :\u25a0 ".
* HONEY — Comb. " lO?il lc for -, white ~ and 70t>e
for * amber;, .water -white „ extract-«a.',5(85i4c;
light amber -extracted. 4fi3e : dark. S£3%e:
Hawaiian 2^"'< c. for extracted.
\u25a0 BEESWAX~»27Ig29c. per >b. • '\u25a0 -'- - \u25a0- '
... " . . . Prorislon«.
:i: i CURED MEATS— Bacon., li^c ocr 1b for
heavy. 11»4512c for HBht mwlioni. Its for UK".
13% c for extra light and 16^17%c fcr susar
cured: dry ' Salt Sides.- 10c: Bellies. ll%c:
Eastern *ugar-cure»i Hams, 13%e: California
Hams. 12% c: Mesa Beer. $3 50> per bftl; extra
Me3s, $10; Famtly. $11: prime Mess Pork. $14;
extra clear. $19 50: Mms, $1". 50: Tix Pork.
$22; Pigs' Fetft,'ss: SnlMced Beef, 14c per lb.
..LARD — Tierce* quoted at 3%e per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and it^4o9?4c for pure: half-barrels, pure. 9*»'9 >
«V*c: 10-lb tins, ,10c: 5-lb tins. 10»ic; 3-lt tins.
IC«.Sc.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8?ie: three
half barrels. B*4c: on« ««tc*. 6e;two tierces.
TT<iC;flve tierces, 7%e per' lb. , - ,
\u25a0 HIUc«. Tnllovr, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Cull» and brands sell
about %t?le under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, il%©l2e; medium lie: light, lie; Caw
Hide 3, lie"- for h^avy -and -lie' for light;
Stags 8a: Salted Kip lie: Satted Veal. 12c;
Salted Calf. 13c: dry Hides. 10c: dry Kip.
17c- dry Calf. 21c; Sheecßkins. sh^arllnjrj.
25®'*Cc each; «hcrt Wool Co©7se eacn; m dium,
80cig$l 10- long Wool, $1 25^2; Horse Hldw.
\u25a0alt. . $3- for large and $2 75 for ., medium.
$2 25 ; for sman and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, i dry; $175 for lane and ..«t. 50 far
medium. $1 for small and 30c for Colt>. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry saltPtt Mexican.
25c; dry Central American. 30c. Goit Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do. $123.
larKC 50c. medium. 50o: small. -150. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%®4c per lb:
No 2. SS3%c: Grease. I%®2mc
WOOL — Spricjt clip — HumboMt and Mendo
clno. 2S<B3oe. Fall clip — San Jnaquin Lamb-.
free. li>g2lc: do '•\u25a0defective/ 17©20c-p»r lb.
• HOPS— I9O4 crop. ie%olBHc p<r lb; 1005
crop.. 15c. .. '" ,
..Ment ; Market. :
i The demand and supply about balance and
the market shows no change. . . . '
DRESSED MEATS." .•
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers '.to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— 4%©5%c for Sfeers and 3%©4% c per
lb for Cows. • , .
VEAL— Larije. 6S7c: small. 7©S%cpeT lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 61g7c; Ewes. 5«J6%c
per lb. - • ....
LAMB— S<S9c per lb. . --.
PORK— Dressed Ho»s. 6%©9 c per lb.
LI\ r ESTOCK MARKET. .
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock; delivered in San Francisco, lesa 40®
45 per cent • shrinkage lor Catile:
CATTLE— Steers. • 5%€6c: Cows and Heir- '
ers. 4@4%c. -
CALVES— 3Vi@4c per lb fgross weight). . \u25a0
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©«»ic; Ewes. 3@3Uc
per.lb fßross weight).
: LAMBS— S2 75@3 per h«a<J.
HOGS— Live Hoks. 130 to *C 0 lb.s. 55i@fc;
over 200 Ib 3. 5%65?4cr Feeders, nominal; Sows.
20 per ;©*« oft: bo*r«. 5w per cent oif. and
! Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 7c; Wool Bags 27<331c;
Fleece Twine. - 7%c: Fruit Bags. fl*4U"c
COAti — Wellington, fa per ton:' -New Wel
lington, $9: Seauls. $6 50; Bryant. - $tt 50;
Beaver Hlli. $3 50; Roslyn. $7- Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond. $S; Cumberland $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Ejrg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cann«l; fO per ton: Coke, $11 50<g)13 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
OILS— Lucol Is 2c higher. .Quotations
ars for barrels; for cases add sc: Lin
seed. H4c per gallon for boiled and 6Cc
for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cas?s. $1 14®1 16: Lucol. 56c for
boiled and Me for raw; China Nut, cases, 639
80c p°r gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrel* 5Sc
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whal*
QU 57c- natural Whale- Oil B2c: extra winter
strained' Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, We;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OH,
e3e; Hght Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil, 31c. ' '
COAL OIL.: GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil in cases.
17% c: A*tral, 17% c: Star.-17%c; Extra Star.
•'OUc: Elaine. 2fc: Eocene. 19Hc: Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 14'4e: in cjmj, 21c: Motor Gaso
line, In bulk. 14% c; In cases. 21e; No. 1 En
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums, 8c; No.
2 do. 6%c; cases. 6%c mow; Benzine. In bulk.'
12iic: in cases. 19c: 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 23c: in cases. Sic. \u25a0 • ...
.TURPENTINE — 83c per gallon In cases and
77c ia drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L*ad 7%9
8c per \u25a0 lb; White Lead. 7%©Sc, according to
auantlty. \u25a0 I . . - ...
\u25a0 SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, .-A- Crushed and Fme Crushed. 5.10 c:
Powdered; 4.93 c; Cnndy Granulated. 4:35 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.85 c; Dry -Granulated, coarse.
4.85 c: Fruit Granulated, \u25a0 4.85 c; Beet Granu
lated <10<Mb bags only). 4.75 c; Confectioners'
A, 4.85 c: Magnolia A. 4.45 ci Extra C. 4.05 c;
Golden C 4.25 c; "D," 4.13 c; barrels.-JPcltbom
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 60c more; s*Mb
bags. lOc more for all" kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.33 c: boxrs. 5.6 Cc: H_ A B. Cry-tal
Dominos. ~.BoC'per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five .barrels or Its equivalent.
" •'• ' '• ' -.Receipts '-of FToduce.^ •
" 'FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 28..
Flour qrsUs.:: 4 TO! Feed. . slcs ...i.. 3t2
Wheat., ctls ' -lOS^Leather. rolls ... 5^
Barley, ctls .... 4.374;^Ta110w.- ct1»: .... 54?
Oats, ctls ... EM Hides, No 1,25»»
Beans, sks \u25a0..'... 275. Pelts. No 1,400
Potatoes, slis '. . '. 3.8-SO! Paper reams ... 33
Onions sks 4f>oj Quicksilver, fisks. 500
Hay. tons ...-..'. 51RI Sugar." ctls 1.000
.Wool, bales 97|Wlne. gals .. 20,151
Screenings. *ks., 3S2L ..'. . .
STOCK .MARKET.
Both Local Securities and Mialnt
Shares Featureless.
With the exception of an advance in Alaska
Packers to $9814 there were no fluctuations of
Importance on the Stock and Bond Exchange
yesterday, and business continued light. The'
mining stocks were also without noteworthy
feature. . •
The Southern Coast Transportation Company
has. levied -an assessment of $7.. delinquent
August 25.
The Tonopah Light and Power Company has
levied an assessment of 10 cents per shar«, de
linquent August 23. - . • - -
The Imperial Oil Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of. 20. cents per share,
or $20.CC0. on August 7. On the same date
the Thirty-threw Oil Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 10- cents per share,
or $10.0 CO. .
\u25a0 The American Shipbuilding Company has de
clared a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent per
annum on the common' stock, payable In four
quarterly installment* of 1 per cent - each, th«
first or which will ba paid on September 1.
The Butte Electric and Power Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $1 23
per share on tlw preferred stock, payable Au-
Hanford Oil Conipcny yesterday- paid a divi
dend ot $2 p«r share, amounting to $4000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY." July 26—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
Bid. Ask. - Bid. Ask.
4s or coup..lfr» -104H 4s qr cp new.i;«*\l3.-5Vi
4s qr reg ..104 104 V, 3s qr c0up... 104 104%
MISCELLANEOUS BOND 9. •
Ala 'A W Cs.— — iO W. gtd 6s. — »0
Asso Oil Bs. eO^i — Oceanic 35« 65 70 !
Bay CPC 55.107 107UiOni Cable 6s.m 121W
Cal C G 55.10S — Pac Glm 4s. — 87H
Cil G& E 8 Pac l^ p 35. 100 —
mftetSi - 93 PE Ry 5». .111-4112-4
Cal-st C 58.112 . — P& C H 69,10214 —
C C Wat 1fc.102 «— P& O R 6^.110 —
FdL & P C5.1241i — PowelUnt <U. — —
F & C-H e».112?4 - Sac EG&RS«.IOS»; — ...
Geary-st 35.. I* -60 {SF-& 5JV5».120% — . .
H CAS 5%s 1W !SF,Ok&, BJ3s.HO HOH
Do 6, 7..107H — . Sierra R ee 3 .112U114
Hon R T 6S.ICSU, — S J»of- A Cs . •-
L \ RlecTs.'— — - <100t>) IC6- 3 — s
LAG &EI ss.'— 104, •- (1910) ..... — —
i'Aßrb..i«H-- s '" p«p «S f «, c -£"
L*lL ctd 55.103 — aSKS)Sr B. — —
LAPlem Ss.llOU — (lOCft) 103*4 —
LAP C!»..ICS — T O312) 114*4 -
MVt-t-t C 63.11*2 '- T SPC leg 6*.11«H -
Do lem 5«.116H — Do stamp<l.lCS»i —
MV& MtTSs.ICS — • fi PB R. 69.134H —
NR of C CB.IWS — .. S V Wat Ca.lOT,-)*, —
Do %• .-.-.120H — \u25a0 Dr.. 4s 2dm.1C0«4 —
Vp C R 5a.104i£ 4.} pn 4s 3dm. WO —
N C Ry ss. — 112 .. .Do g mtg4s »7»U —
VC PC Rs. — » 08 . Stkn G&EPs. fl» \u25a0— : \u25a0
O G LAH 5s — — UG & E Ss.l^JVilCe
Oak TCO Cs.lt»-% — UR of SF 4s. 01»,i 91?,
- Do £ ...-U2 — Val Co P 35.10S —
Do con ss. ICO 110
..-, • WATER STOCKS.
Contra CoSta 41*4 4."! [Port Co"«U .*..>— 68
Marin C 0. . .. -86 . - I S X, Wat Co. 36H -
'GAS AND ELECTRIC. > : •*.
Cent L & -P.' 5H — I Pac L C 0...; 63% —
Firem's Fnd..*23 ..— !. •
\u25a0 ' BANK STOCKS.:
Am Ntl 8k..127?i135 tL~ P & A: . . . — 160
An-rlO-Cal •• • BSH — |Mer Truit.... — 230
Bank of Ca1.424»A430 Merch Ex.... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp.ls3i,iieo |S F National — 160 --
Fr«t Natlonl.3oo — t
.. SAVINGS BANK*. . ;
Gef S & L.2520- .. — \u0084|Say;& L So.. — 100
Hum Sav.Bk : ~' 'Sec Say 8k..393 —
Mutual Say. loo — . |Un!on:T C 0.2700 S3CO
S F Sty U. 630 — I - .
STREET RAILROADS. -
California .210 — ! Presidio V. V. . 33*^ 41
Geary — ?•»<> .' " ;: ;
"" - POWDER.
Giant ....:. — 72, !•
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 53.,. — _ {Makawell C. 3«H 37
Honokan 9 C 15% — [Onomea S C .1814 37
Hutch SPC 14% 13 j-Raauhau-S.C 22"4 23
Kiiau<?a s c .4. :c I ;\u25a0;.\u25a0.• ' . : --.
? : MISCELLANEOUS. ' ';./\u25a0
'Alaska PA: ksi; 90 J Oceanic S Co. 5, 6
Cal -F..'C.' A. 10O > 101 • Pac Am FA. 4 5
,Cai;\Vine,'A.— .-6-i : IFac ,C, Son '".
AUCTION SALES
w-vi -BT ORDER OP
JOHN MERRELL Of Renp
I WILL SELL
100 Head of the Best Lot o! Horses
', Ever eff-rred in th« market. \u25a0 They 'ar« rerr
6«ntl« and wellbred; will wel-th from. ICO© to
14CO pounds.
Also a lot of well-matched teams of blacks.
bays and chestnut sorrels.
i • These hors»s fcav- Just • arrived and can be
seen at any time at the " •*\u25a0' \u25a0*
; Western Horse karket, 220 Vaianncia St.
Don't forget the date
MONDAY, July 31 - - I! A. M.
E-iery horse offered will be sold regardless
cf lories. - . ' • \u25a0 .. s,
*\_ AT "AUCTION. 30 head of all-purpose
HORSES, 10 wagins. 5 bugglts, 2 «ur-
reys. 5 saddles. 15 sets harness; must be, sold
to th« highest bidder at 11 a- «.' SATURDAY.
July 29. biS Broadway. Oakland. J. F. BACM-
GARTEN. Auctioneer.
MV4 MtTm. — ' — |Pac S Tel'Ctiwm —
SALES.
Morning Sssaion. • ,
• - Board— • ,/ ~ •;\u25a0**..•
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 5. CO
50 Ho»okaa S Co W »»
IMS F Oa» & Electric «1 23
SJ Spring Valley Water C 0 ...... 3« 75
$t.CC<» Cal Gas * El G 51 * C T Si.. W 25
$5.C00 Pacltlc Electric Ry 5* 1U 25
$3.oCt> Paciflc Ught & Power 5s 101 st>
$:{.«CO S F. Oak & S Jose Ry 3s 110 o«S
$3,000 Spring Val Wat • gtn mtge Is. 87 50
Street— ,
*I,OCO Oakland Transit Con 5s ir» 3»>
$lt>.CoO Oakland Transit Co es 120 0u
J25.0V0 Los Anrel*« Ry 5s ....H3 0O
' Afternoon Session. ! I *
; 150 S F Uas A Electric, s 80 «1 «>
10 s> F Oas & E^ectrlO «1 9J .
$10.0W United R R of S F 43... 81 S7Vt
Unlisted Xei-urltin.
• • MISCELLANEOUS BOND 3.
Bid Ask.f Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.1« a% — |SF Drydk 5a.112H —
B L Wat 83.113 — -riF Jt NP ss. — 85
Cal NW 55..11 l — 3 P C R 4*. » 95
M C Wat ss. — 114 ,Sun Tel W... 111*4 —
OUT Con 5*.104 185 ! Do 5a -- • .tll^U'^
P.ls I Wks3» — 105 !suur-»t RSs.IOS 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — '-6 !«as Con A.. 10' 20V4,
Cal Cot Jills S2 — [Mat Nay Co. 115 —
Cal G&ECor. '— 60 ',311113 Nat Bk. Boo ' —
C Jockey C 1.120 — N8 X R Co. — 12>i
Cal Powder. 173 — }N Cal P Co. SH* 10
Cal Ship Co- — 25 I t>ak Bk Sav.l43 —
Cal T 1 & T — 142%!IOOF Hall A 8% —
Cen Bk. Oak — «7%;Orph*um Co. \u25a0 — l«tf
Chutes Co .. 4 s%lPacC Cau C 0.133. 140
City A C B!f.l07 l ilW Pac Sur Co.. — 120
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 '.Para.' Paint.. 90 —
DptPwd pfd. S3 S« IS F DTydocft .— T5
Do 'com .. C 9 — ISF & SJCeal. 20 2»^»
FN Bk, 0ak. 120 — <S Jo«e Wat..tO3% —
Fischer Thtr — U4, SO *. MTgbt.l23 ; —
Frnch-A Bk.lCtl%llo J Swiss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 32 34 i Truck Elect.. 14 15
Do old pool Xi% 34 I Union S Co.. — •• 84 T»
Do nw pool 33 34%!W-Fargo 8k.203 -— >;
Morning SesJlon.
(3.CCO Cal Northweaiern Ry 3s. 112 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Honolulu P!artt Co (new pool). 31 OO
10 Pacific Coast Casualty ........133 00
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil Stocks— . Eld. Asked.
Appilo 1* ~*
Asso. OH Stk. Tr. Cer .... w
California -SUndard 2t> \u25a0>\u25a0•••
Caribou «>W
Chtcaga Crude tr.ew) 83 . ....
Clarcmont •••• Jo
Forty « w>
Four" • *1 * 7
Hanford ISO CO ....
Home 80 . 02
Illinois Crude «->
Imperial 13 CO ..^
Independence 23 Ja
Junction »* ••\u25a0•
Kern 13 73 ....
Kern new) •- .... • "
Kern River • " 9?
Monte Cristo W • " *>->
Occidental of W. Va 03 • 04
OH City Petroleum 51 «^
Piedmont •*
Plttsburg " \u25a0• J, 1 "
R«ed Crud- 22 .23
Soverelsn ** \u25a0•••
Sterling * P*J
Superio- - « ' Ort
Thirty-Three ...,4.3 8 25
Twenty-Eight . 14 CO
Gas and Electric —
Northern Cal. Power 8 73 ....
Miscellaneous Bond*—
North Shore R. R. Co. 35... 800 .li'ir
•Oalttand Transit Con. 5s 108 00
6. F.O. & a. J. Ry:.. .... 112 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
112* A»so. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer ••>• «
5 Do ;..... !»
100 Independence Oil M
100 Fcrty Oil •\u2666 47
Afternoon Session.
1000 A sso. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer 60
2000 Occidental Oil 03
1000 Occidental Oil «S 3)...: .'.\u2666 * OS
40CO Occidental Oil (B 30> « 04
Mlnlns Stock*.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the tales hn the Salt Fraa-»
cl«co ..-"tscic acd Kxchange Board yesterday:
0:30 a. m. Session — Com-stockt.
*K)0 \nde» 1«! ICO Hale * Norc.l S3
IP^V"on Va M Co.l 23! GOO Scorpion 10
IPO Crown Point.. l»! 4f-0 Unton Con 39
12 m. Informal Session — Comstoeks.
3CO And--* - - IT! 3<v> Mexican :. 1 *«
1100 B*lcher 16' 2«K> Occidental ... S9
H*^) Caledonia W U0 Oohlr 9 62S
700 Caledonia .... 4-4! iwr» Overman 1«
irv> Challenge ... 21; 20f> Potrsl .". VI
SCO Challenge ... 22 SCO Potosl 13
,7f,0 Challenge ... 24: 100 Savage 8»
ICO ConHdenct? ... V! "CO Scorpion o.
60 Corfidenca ... »*> : 2CO Sen Belcher... <H
400 Conflderic* ... OOf ?oo Sierra Nev,... 2T
10A Con Va M Co. 1,25 200 Union C0n.... St*
200 Con Va M Co.l SM WO Union C0n.... 49
\u25a0 1«> Gould & Cur. >^' ICO Utah . »»
200 Justice .'. C6f 15C0 Tellow. Jacket. 23
1000 Justice 031
2 p. m. Session — Coonstocfcv
snfl C*-«lT"-ns» -•• 2*' Rrr> ophlr ....."...8 73
3<W> r hollar ...... 1» S<"O Overman IT
SCO Con Va M Co.l 3" r «•« Savage «>
lftCO Con Imoerlal. n\ 200 Sav-igej- V>
S«> oows Point.. 14< .im 'W'rHt'w*.... 27
SCO Mexican ..1 3QJ 100 rtah .. ,...,... 07
- ('LOSING QUOTATIONS... *~
- . Bid.Ask.i . Bld.Ask.
• Ateha ....... *7 CS'Juntlce ....... <W 09
\u25a0 Ait* «3 • Mi' Kentuc* '_."..., ©1 03
Andes" IT Wili*rWu4;. — 01
-£eict>*r 1* 10! Mexican ...... 130 1 M
Bc»t 4 Brtch.l 20 lam Occidental ... *7 93
Bullion. -»<> «;OtJMr- SH6S7X4
Caledonia ... 44 4fl! Orhl**- Bruns. i 09 11
Challenge ... 2*l 23'Ov*rman ...., 1J 17
Chollar ...... 1* 20'Potosl ».-• 12 1*
Con V* JI C».l 2R I -W. Savage «> 70
Confidence... 04 n« Scorpion W 10
Con Im»-«ri-il. 01 C 2! Scx-Betoherc*.. 02 M
Crown Point. 14 13|Sl*rra Nev.;.. M 2S
Con N T 01 OUSt LeuHt — 10-
E Sierra Nev. 03. .' WISfhW HUI 90 9i
Fur«*a Con.. 100 — [Syndicate .... — M
nxcb«»qu«r ... -00 35(.1"n10n C0n.... 4«> 41
Oould & Cur. is 2<> Utah ......... Cr7 CS
Wnie & Norc.l S3 1 85! Yellow Jacket. 22 24
Julia ....- C 5 -C«; .
TONOPAH , AND COLDFIELD STOCKS.
Mornln-r Session.
ICOO Adams. * 10. «"4{tooO Mont Ton .....1 10
20C0 Rlue Bell ... 13-12WV Mont .Ton ;...SM
10CO Brunswlc* ..: U\ 7CO Mont Ton, /.3 02"4
1W» Cent Eureka..l 051P<:Ort North Star...*. 54
1000 Ptamaodfleld. 40!20<"O N T Ton-Con. •?'»
aroo Ecllose ...... 29;3rw Orl-f Bullfrog. 25
\cvn Forest City .. 25' .Tfo Orlff Bullfrog. 27
stt> Gold Bar ... 27f IVM Resctle '. -07
.•WV> Jumbo M Co. 74t 800 Toa G Mt. t5 1.1
' son Jumbo Ex ... 15"lCt>VT.-m M<t-»ay.l 52H
IWH» MacNaniara.. 41fl<"P'> Wfst Kr.d ; ...1 OH
I ICOO M-Nmra. b W) .4•^ WO WIM Go<js» ..2 00
ICOO Mnt MdwyEx 25' 200 W G005e.b90..2 10
600 Mont Ton. .3 07*4 !
y. . ..Afternoon Session. -.
20CO Adams, b 60. O3'tm*n MacX»mar*... 49
SCO Atlanta ....*.- OSJinoo m?i-» Omen... 1»
ICO Rlir Bullfrog. 12' 300 Mohawk W
200 Bullfrog E**'. 2^lloo Mont Ton \u0084..S OS
IW"A Bullfrg N Bk 27 ?0O Mont . Ton. «S3 «,*l
ICO Butte Gldfid.. M'lOflOJJont T0n.510.3 05
13PO C«nt Tsur«ka..l 15! 2000 p£. Star, b 10. M
-><T0 Cent Eureka.*. 1 10»l«».nrO X Star- 33
yen T>i.-irnondfteld. Ohio Ton- i... SO
200 Plxla l«!irro Ohio Ton .... St
ic#fv nixie b D 0 ... ' 10' Son Orl* BHHfroi-f. 2*
.\u25a0MM** Kcltp-ie \u25a0 20: 2000 Orta* Bullfro*. 23
lfflf Forest City .. 23! 300 Refl Toj>. b9O. 41
• SCft Gold Anchor-, tt'tcm Stalnway . 17
ISflO G Anchor. s5- ftSUW-O Ton Belmont..t 20
WO Gold Bar ... °«' 4PO Ton Blmont.l 17%
WIO V-!oIdfl-ld Vtn- 57 1 .l. I WV>Ton Gold Mt. t-t :
IWW> Jumhn M Co. TS'WttO Ton Home Con 08
ISA" Kendall 14! 25C0 Vernal. 9 10. 03
2CCO Kendall 1-T \u0084_, ._ s
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District. f '
.. Bld.Ask.i , Bid.AsJc.
Rilmont IIT 1 2f>;MaeNamara..; 4l> 41
Boiwn Ton .. U Wt f MWw«y ~\.\\ R« 152
Sr^r"° JB Ex — lSJMlzpah Ex ...: 13 W
ciTlfomla ... — 10' Mont Ton ..\.\3 02 3«7
Caib Boy ... I<J 1-Ojon Ptttrtor-r.-. 13
rrVhan .....— 10. i10n1t0r... ".... 02 ; — .;
pulr Con... — 17 N V Ton Con. IS ?o
Aoirt Anchor.. »* Wi North Star. . . : M \ M
Golden Gate.. 13 —'Ohio Ton 30 33
Continued on Page 1-fc
1516
SCHERF GUILTY,
DECLARES JURY
Mother Causes Sympathy and
Life Imprisonment for the
Murderer ;Is the Penalty
DELIBERATION IS BRIEF
Only Thirty-Five Minutes
Required. to Decide Fate
of Slayer of Schultze
The trial of Gustavo Scherf. charged
with the murder of Rudolph Schultze,
wae ended yesterday, and after thirty
flve minutes of deliberation the Jury re
turned a verdict of "cullty <jf murder in
the first degree and fixed the penalty at
imprisonment for life." Saturday was
fixed as the time for passing sentence.
That the full penalty of the law was
not imposed by the Jury, which has the
power to fix the punishment in all
verdicts of murder in the first degree, is
attributable to the sympathy the pres
ence of Scherfs aged mother aroused.
Throughout the argument of Assistant
District Attorney Ferral to the Jury,
Ecberf and his mother cried Quietly.
Their weeping continued throughout the
entire noon hour. On the reading of the
verdict at 6:18 o'clock last night, both
Scherf and his mother cobbed aloud.
Bcherfß crime was the cold-Wooded
murder of Schultze August 24, ISO 4. The
trial web delayed, by an appeal to the
Federal courts, but when begun It occu
pied a week. Not an extenuating circum
stance in favor of the murderer was
brought to light and his defense was
shown to be oontradlctory and false.
When the case was called yesterday
morning Policeman Richard Ennis testi
fied fcr the defense as to the occasion a
year ago, when two horses belonging to
the Schultzes were impounded, and it was
alleged that one of the Schultzes drew a
knife on Poundmaster Irwin. Ennis said
that he saw no display of force when he
reached the scene.
Policeman James "W. Boyle was called
In rebuttal to impeach the testimony
given by the defendant on Tuesday.
Boyle, who Is official etenographer at po
lice headquarters, took the statement of
the defendant at the time of his arrest.
Mrs. Rudolph W. Schultze, widow of the
murdered man, testified that during the
fifteen years they had been married sh©
never knew her husband to carry a re
volver.
This closed the case and the Jury was
accrefsed by Assistant District Attorney
Ferral for the prosecution. Attorney N.
C. Coghlan for the defendant, and Dis
trict Attorney Bylngton closed.
The Jury was composed of Felix Co
blcntz. John de L. Jessup, Samuel Bibo,
Samuel P. Holden, Harry Unna, Albert
Meyer, Valentin© Laplanche. George M.
Perrine, Henry Doschre, Edward C.
Drake, George B. Standenberger and I*
A. Clayburgh.
Has Mrange Hallucination.
Elizabeth Thomas, a middle-aged
woman, living at 1393 Bush 6treet, at
tracted the attention of Patrolmen
Crowley and Hobin yesterday through
her eccentric movements. She was
wandering on Fifth street, between
Mission and Minna, and when addressed
by the police she showed , signs of
mental derangement. She imagines
that she possesses a powerful electric
battery, which is fixed in her brain.
The unfortunate woman is under the
impression that if the battery were put
into action the force would revolution
ize the world and make it as easy_and
pleasant for men* to walk .on their
heads as on their feet. Mrs. Thomas
will be brought before the Lunacy
Commission and Judge Murasky to-day.
Benefit for St. Joseph's Chnreh.
An entertainment and social will be
given by the ladies of St. Patrick's
booth in St. Joseph's Hall, Tenth and
Howard streets, on August 2 for the
"benefit of St. Joseph's Church. Owing
to the many excellent numbers on the
programme the curtain will rise
promptly at 8 o'clock. The ladies In
charge of the affair are: Mrs. E. F.
Lucett, Mies J. Lucett, Miss M. Jamison,
Miss T. Lucett, Miss M. Bennett, Miss
E. Lauthler. Miss A. McMabon, Miss E.
M JLatithler, Mice L. Dunning, Miss N.
McDonongh, Miss N. A. Bennett, Miss
G. Lane.
Denis O'Sulllvan, the famous singer
and actor, arrived from England In Bos
ton yeeterday by the steamer Canadian.
Mr. O'Sullivan leaves for this city to
day and may be looked Cor next Mon
day.
Tailor Wolf Falls Dead.
Benjamin B. Wolf, a tailor, 28 years
old, fell dead of heart disease on the
sidewalk in front of 23 Eddy street yes
terday morning. He was a member of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
fa^s «5» A (£b • 18 2^3 bum e«m m\u25a0 H » *- m W^f^^^Fm a'&V
REALTY BOARD
WILL PROTEST
Increase in San Francisco
Assessment to Be Fought
Before the Equalizers
BODY DECIDES TO ACT
Taxpayers of This City
Have Champions for the
First Time on Record
Important action to protect the in
terests of the taxpayers- of San Fran
cisco was taken by the. San Francisco
Real Estate Board at \u25a0 a meeting yester
day, afternoon in the rooms of the Cham
ber of Commerce, President Ho well "pre
sided. Leading men in 'the real estate
business In San Francisco were in at
tendance. On motion it was unani
mously voted that the board shall under
take the task of protesting! before the
Board of Equalizers against any increase
this year in the assessment- upon the
property of the citizens of San Fran
cisco.
In order that there ! shall be no . mis
take in this matter the secretary was
instructed to write to the Board of
Equalization and give notice of the vote
of the Real Estate Board. \u25a0 Heretofore
there has been no organized body to un
dertake this Important public -work. The
proposition created . considerable en
thusiasm and was, warmly. indorsed.
Several other matters of importance
were considered, A \u25a0 list of the ' persons
who own property along the line of the
proposed extension of .the Park .Pan
handle to Van Ness avenue. has been se
cured. Altogether there are less, than
300 such owners. Now that they have all
been located it was . Voted to • at once
send them notice that the opinion of
the board was against the construction
of any more improvements on their land
until taxpayers can express their wishes
at the polls regarding the extension.
Notices will go out to-day to the property
owners. -
The board also took steps to have a
uniform agreement to sell prepared for
all real estate houses in San Francisco,
to be used when realty deals are under
taken.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES ARE
HET.D AT ST. FRAXCIS CHURCH
"Feast of St. Anne" Observed at Masses
and Sermon by Rev. ' Father
Caraher.
"The Feast of St. Anne" was cele
brated with special devotions at St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, yesterday. The
first mass was celebrated at 6:30 by the
Rev. Father T. Caraher, and the second
mass was celebrated at 8 o'clock by the
Rev. Father William Cleary. Large
numbers eager to gain the special plen
ary indulgence attached to the feast
received holy communion at each of
the masses.
In the evening there were special de
votions and a sermon on "The Good St.
Anne" was preached by Father Caraher.
At the conclusion of the devotions new
members were enrolled in the confra
ternity of St. Anne established in St.
Francis Church by Father Caraher.
For the nine days previously to the
feast a special novena was held.
The World's Beauties.
San Francisco has the distinction of hav
ing within its boundaries them ost beauti
ful store in the world. Itis simply beyond
the powers of description, a fairy land of
dazzling lights, beautiful paintings and
flashing gems. The pleasure of a visit will
linger with you always. Col. A. Andrews'
Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery st. •
Mrs. Putnam Dies la a Hospital.
The Coroner was notified yesterday
of the death of Ida Josephine Putnam
at the French Hospital as the result of
an accident which occurred ten days
ago. Mrs. Putnam was a married
woman residing at 2838 Howard street,
and had been under the care of a physi
cian since May 1 for spinal trouble.
While going downstairs in her resi
dence about ten days ago she lost her
balance by reason of weakness, and
fell to the next landing, sustaining a
fracture of the skull.
It will b« orlnted rieht If Edward Knowlee
Co. do It, 24 Second street. '. •
Kerr I* Tried.
John Kerr was before United^ States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday on
preliminary trial on a charge of having 1
beaten and wounded_Frank Remus on
the high seas in May o"f last year. The
assault was committed on board the
transport Buford Just outside the har
bor of Honolulu, Remus' Jaw being
broken by a blow of Kerr's fist. Judge
Keacock took the case under advise
ment until this morning.
THE/SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, /THURSDAY ,* ; ;JULY 27, 1005.
CHAMPION LOFTY DIVER
IS ACCUSED OF BATTERY
Smites Sleep-Loviiig Siren Who Had
'\u25a0/:;\u25a0 Attacked ffim Witb^^^ H
Futility of Attemptiiig to Awaken Assailed One
/Is'Dwelt^lJpbii^y^a Lady Companion.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
• When one of the bailiffs of Police Judge
Conlan's court requested James ' J. Kelly
to ;step" forth from the- crowded cage, ; . a
dapper little man with - \ smooth-shaven
face stood up and said, "'Professor*/
James J. Kelly, if you • please." t.'i ;' .. ,
•'Prof essor . what?" | inquired," the ' Judge
when Mr. Kelly was placed "before him;
"Of high diving," was- the prompt.. re :
ply. "I have the honor of holding; the
world's championship, won/" by Y diving
from the loftiest height; ever attempted.
It may Interest you to ieara that Ibave
just come from Portland, where my per
formance was tne sensation of ; the fair."
"T3iat Is of less' interest to me thanks
your plea to this charge of; having bat
tered a young woman at"* o'clock' this
mornteg on Kearny street." . , -
"Oh, not guilty, of course,"- said Pro
fessor Kelly. ;_
When the Judge inquired If the battered
young woman, registered as Miss May
Young, was present to testify,' Patrolman
J. E. Reade answered In the negative.
"I arrested her and another girl with this
defendant," the cop ' said, "but she got
out on bail and is not; here."
"And it's useless to try. to get her
here," chimed in the other youngwoman,
registered as Miss Eleanor Elliott.
"Why is -it useless?" the bench asked.
"Because she's asleep; • and , I ' tell you
that when May once gets her head on
the pillow it is waste of time to. attempt
to rouse her. I have tried it more than
once, but, no, sir, no waking up for May
till she gets good and ready. Talk about
your sound sleepers! , She's the/ limit!"
Despite this- positive \ declaration ; the
Judge issued a bench ; warrant : for Miss
Young's arrest and instructed Patrolman
Reade to have her in court to-day, even
though it should be necessary to bring
her couch along with her.
"Before, we go any further 'with, this
thing," said Miss Elliott, "I'd- l.ke to
know why I was kept in jail and' May let
out. I ain't no stage singer, as she Is,
but I guess I have rights." Then she
volunteered the information - that she
came from Humboldt County, where her
family is widely known and highly' - es
teemed, and. she hoped ; her relatives
would not learn of her. arrest. 'What did
I have to do with the scrap, ""any way?' ..."
she indignantly demanded: "If j this Pro
fessor and May happen to . have trouble,
is that any reason why : I should be
pinched with them?".
Professor Kelly, asked' for and obtained
permission to inform the court that his
alleged battery on Miss Young consisted
solely of an endeavor to disarm her'of a
hatpin with which she was' Playfully try-,
ing to puncture his face. .- . >>
Then the ease was continued till to
day. ' ' \u25a0 .-,.\u25a0•.. /.
Charles D.- Chance, a good-looking
young fellow, pleaded that it. was -in "re
sponse to invitation from / his V divorced
wife, now Miss Belle. Quareles.' that he
visited her. home, .730 Octavia- street; i and
that she took possession; of his; hat -and
refused to surrender, it; until he wrested
it from her, which was the only assault
he committed, although she had him , ar
rested qn, the ; charge of ; having/ violently
slapped! her- face. To., which- Miss Quar
eles retorted; by /.emphatically denying
that she fipnt:for him tojvlsit her. -
Tho defendant, complained- to Judge
Cabaniss! that ) the attorney "who advo-
cated t his cause \in the divorce suit was
there as special . counsel j for j the prosecu
tion, -which >: he s considered unfair, inas
much as the lawyer in question had ob
tained his \ (defendant's) confidence. 'The
Judge said ;that he also considered the
attorney's position ;reprehensible, r but it
did not disprove -the charge of battery.
So a ' $10 fine . was ' Imposed > and paid. . •
Walter^ Clark's ignorance of the legal
modus operandi of divorce was piti
fully crass/ else he would not have in
vited "his wife, an actress at the Em
pire to accompany , him to the
Hall of Justice and there formally/re
linquish all - claim .to his protection.
She accepted the invitation, but Instead
of aiding Walter to sever their marital
tie she placed him in custody, on a
chargeof drunkenness, which wasnot
belied by his appearance and demeanor,
j When; the case was called- before
Judge Fritz the lady, whose stage name
was not disclosed, intimated a desire to
have her spouse "soaked" for as long
a. term as the law would permit; be
cause he had not even pretended to
earn a livelihood: for himself so long
as she earned it for him. He was an
actor,; she declared, but the profession
was hot dignified by his membership.
The Judge promised to sentence him to
day. :•-, -./... \u25a0 '.-\u25a0\u25a0• . \u25a0 . ' -. '. ."-, ' ;: • .
Seventeen-year-old Herbert Park de
nledmost;strenuously that he was the
mischievous person /who frightened' J.
P. Conlan's children and' other Juvenile
residents* on .the 200 block of Hoffman
avenue by: "sicking", dogs to bite them
and also by donning a, mask and bran
dishing a knife. \u25a0 Not'only was he guilt
less of the conduct averred- by Conlan
pere, Master Park .declared, but he was
totally ignorant of the identity of the
person who was guilty of it. Indeed, he
would go ; further by swearing* that he
did not ' know such conduct", had ', been
committed- until he j was - accused ( of it.
If he were given time-to prove acom
plete alibi he would do so. Judge Fritz
gave him a week to make good his
word. . * / . .
Mr. Conlan, however, was very posi
tive j that Master *. Park was the author
of his children's terror. The urging of
the dog to bite them was bad enough,
but'the mask and. knife; act could not
be . too strongly condemned, j inasmuch
as it had scared his little f daughter into
hysteria, from. which | she -hasj not ,'yet
entirely recovered. Judge said he
appreciated* the gravity of the offense.
."It's, a purty thing," sobbed Miss
Mary Wilson, "that , I'm held here -in
hock while -Trixle is swellln' round
town' in my clothes." V
The "Trixie" alluded to was . Miss
Beatrice. Brooks.' V She } and Miss YWil
son were quarreling; on Fifth street and
entertaining -a ; large assemblage
Patrolman, Winslow "arrested; both ' of
them. Miss Brooks obtained, release on
bail, but Miss ; /Wilson -was less - f 6r
tunate, and afterspending. the night in
prison ' she addressed ' herself -as here
inbefore quoted to Judge Conlan. -
. "We were scrappin' because she was
wearln' some of my i things," Miss/Wil
son wailed, ;"anl» she's \ still ; Y swellln'
around in them' while I'm here in. hock."
.r A bench-warrant was- issued^ for. Miss
Brooks' arrest Yand* Miss : Wilson's
promise; to reappear to-day was ac
cepted by the court. ; .. V
. John v Lynch : was '; on reconciliation
bent^when J he Vvlsited /the ;Sixth-street
home of ; her ; who; had recently, divorced
hlm,^ bii t - his \u25a0> proposal i- that -- a"i reunion
be I effected ;was laughed \ to " scorn, ? then
he waxed "angry/ and ; was \ arrested : for
peace disturbance \by J Patrolman " Mor
iarity.":; As ', the i lady . In : the \u25a0 case ' failed
to appear to prosecute. Judge Fritz dls- t
missed Mr. v Lynch .; and Bailiff j Conlon
gave him a '; beer "check,* .which } he * ac
cepted with' faAvning'gratitude. .
, Arthur Pritchard,; a youth, 1 "employed
in the ; storage/ department; of '\u25a0 the] Mer-"
chan its*.'; Ice I Company,'? admi tted \ he " had
been drunk, but j asked 1 leniency on' the
ground 'that; his v vocations; made shim'- so
cold \ that' alcoholic I stimulatiori^was |ab-*
solutely. essential to ; the'^ preservation ' of
his {spirits. .' Judge IFrltz dismissed 5 him/
Conlan ' dismissed ; the \ charge "k of
attempting; to f bribe , a which
PVtrolman J. /- S. r P. '\u25a0'\u25a0'- Deane /• had
against ; Marie • Paris,^a : Bacon ; place :resif,
dent.s : On the 13tli/of.^December,; Deane
j averred;" ;, the /woman 'gave 7 him i' 93 ; to'
I secure •her! immunity^ from police interfere
I ence,- and* he [forthwithT marked Uhercoins
' 1 and /gave '/. them: to "•• Mr.'-" Hutton/rJ then'i' a"
! Police,- Commissioner,; to hold; as 'evidence
j of ';-_ her £ guilt.ViiFor / some .'\u25a0 reason,^".how
ever,": the ; woman was not \ arrested ? until
! April 21; '{\u25a0 and Yon '.~^ the '\u25a0}. first '.; hearing^ of
f, the •; case i it f,was '-'discovered /that '•: Deane
! was \ ineligible 'f, to/ serve^ as *.' a'< policeman
because*she ; 'hadfresldedsin L l the* city ji less
than i five 'consecutive ?years'.pr|orl to -his
appointment. *y}l These -facts (/were pro-,
nouncediiAVpeculiar"'? by jf Judge V Conlan,
when 'I he ' ordered Ujie fcase ) dismissed, \ and
he _r i also jc laid g stress ;; on ft he 5 fact pth at
Deane's"" testimony "was', unsupported. ;
* /:": :'--\u25a0../\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•': * \u25a0_\u25a0 ~ *'•'.\u25a0: s- -. \: \u25a0 ": : . ._:-:'- .yy
.On the: 25th _of i*Juhe:sa r ' young J fellow
appeared 'before i Jpdge] Conlahias
Howard," l^ complainant JJagainst };; George
Lesater^i on 3 a (charge? of |' assault 5 to 'i rob, 4
and a yesterday; s he (j reappeared S as ij; Ralph
..V ]^tlr~r'VVJ? «^»f«nrlanTi?nn S two S>.ha.rarp« inf.
MANY ARRESTS
WILL BE MADE
Secret Service Agent Taylor
Is Busy the
Naturalization Scandal
W. J. CAWLEY IN JAIL
Saloon-Keeper Is Accused of
Swearing So a
Pilot Could Get a License
. UnltedJ States Secret Service Agent
Richard H. Taylor, who was sent to this
city to -unearth | naturalization frauds
and bring" the conspirators to/justice,
ran another quarry to earth " yesterday
afternoon.: The prisoner is William J.
Cawley, proprietor of a saloon at 124
East street. The charge against him
is perjury, alleged to have been com
mitted in Superior Judge :. Frank H.
Kerrigan's court on December 29, 1903,
when Cawley appeared as a witness for
Herman Van Busse, an applicant for
naturalization papers. It- is . charged
that Cawley swore he had known Van
Busse to have resided in this country
for five years preceding the date, when
In fact Cawley knew that Van Busse
had. not lived in the United States more
than one year and nine months. Upon
the strength of the naturalization cer
tificate, issued by reason of . Cawley's
testimony Van Busse was granted a li
cense as master and'pllot. only citizens
of- the United" States being ' eligible to
such license on American vessels. Caw
ley was arrested by Deputy, United
States Marshal George H. Burnham at
the . request of Agent Taylor. The
prisoner was taken to the City Prison
at 4 4 o'clock, 'pending the arrival of
bondsmen ; for ' $3000.
There are more 'than, a score of ad
ditional, arrests, to be made on similar
complaints to be filed by Agent Taylor,
who has been working day. and night to
secure evidence to convict this con
spirators. The United States District
Attorney declares that Agent Taylor
has- built up an impregnable prosecu
tion against the accused persons al
ready under arrest. >It is known that
several other fraudulently naturalized
masters and pilots are now plying their
calling on American -vessels touching
at this port. Some of these persons are
now on the high' seas on ' the way
hither and will be apprehended as soon
as they arrive. , V : N
TO PAY LICENSES ON
650 STREET CARS
United Railroads Will. Have
Liability for Additional
Charges Determined.
The joint Supervisors' Committee on
Licenses and. Finance yesterday con
sidered the protest filed by the United
Railroads "against: the proposed, exac
tion by Tax Collector Scott of licenses
on 804 cars. Scott said his deputies
had made an: actual count of the num
ber ; of cars, \u25a0 together with the expert
of the: Grand Jury, and found the total
to be 804.';" Scott said the ordinance im
poses a license on passenger cars
whether they are in use or not.
General Manager ; Chapman stated
that"the company kept 438 cars in ac
tual operation and 563 cars was the
maximum number ever used. Twenty
five per cent of theBo4 cars.are in the
repair shops or temporarily, out of com
mission. Chapman said licenses are be
ing paid on 650 cars, which he consid
ered ~a fair number to pay on. Chap
man said some of the franchises of the
company. only required licenses to be
paid on' cars actually used.
Chapman asked that the ordinance be
amended so .that licenses, shall be col
lected on streetcarsactually used. Su
pervisor Payot said: the; difference
amounted- to J12250 yearly,, but Chap
man said the principle of the proposi
tion is involved. The committee re
fered the question of the cars that are
exempted from licenses under- fran
chises to the City- Attorney for an'opin
ion. Chapman agreed to pay licenses
on 650 cars and file a communication
setting forth trie. company's position in
the: premises. As aj beginning: thirty
cars; will be sold for old junk to avoid
payment of licenses on them.
City Employe Sued by Wife.
_. James" F. Flynn, a.plumber in the
employof theißoard of. Education, was
made the defendant a suit for di
vorce filed yesterday by his wife, Celia;
Mrs. Flynn alleges that .her nusband
has refused to provide her with the
common ? necessities of life, notwith
standing the" fact that he ; is in receipt
of /a weekly income of $30. She asks
for..~'s4o',a month, alimony -and the cus
tody, of their four minor;children» Suits
for divorce were also filed by Isabella S.
against John T." Roberts for failure to
provide and Catherine against A. J. de
Madcras for intemperance. / A -decree
was * granted c to .- Jeremiah from Mary
Sullivan on the ground of 'desertion.'
.Will Accommodate JT«w Citizens.
Presiding! Judge Lawlor will; hear
applicants for naturalization In his
chambers. at the Hall of Justice to
night and next Tuesday night between
7:30 / and : 9:30 . o'clock. / This will be
done to' accommodate/those 'who are
unable? to leave their employment in
the daytime. V ~ :
" _ . , -V." • :./ - - . -"\u25a0 - .
having .stolen as many diamond rings
from Mrs., Sarah Lendecker 0f . 35 Elev
enth ';; street' /He / tried , to -. elude . iden
tity,' but the combined alertness of Bailiff
Laws > and ;- the. Judge thwarted his pur
poseTY : "' "\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 /.- .\u25a0\u25a0/\u25a0 \u25a0 /:
V "Which of the. two names given. by
you/l3» the. correct one?" his Honor in
; quired/. : -1/Y V :-Y \u25a0
V "Ralph - Johnson,'.' was the answsr;
,"but '\u25a0'.'; l' didn't /want to :• disgrace it by"
giving it when Iwasliere the first time."
/"So .;you;*; think At is /disgraceful to ap
pear /as; a ; complainant . and no : . disgrace
atiall.to be /charged with larceny?", the
Judge V .
~:.: : A head-nod was the reply. He is a bell
boy, and 'the police' claim to "have it on
him.7^:::Y'YY Y: : Y:V.;:/ ; -' - :
George Miller was before; Judge,Con
lan'; on ~ the ; charge j of- haying assaulted
George * Sweet , : /an J iron : , molder,\. when '-. a"
peace : offlcerXfrom\ Oakland" presented -a
,warrarit ": accusing;.- him- of / having : '\u25a0 bat
tered |: his / wife i two / years ; ago \u25a0': in Ala
meda'C County, so", he /was ..turned 1 over ; to
the 'custody,' of I the ;. man"; fromi across ;the
bayVJ/Then "one; Kate sLynch,"^ residing at
410AV Tehama street, /became " hysterical
InT^the '^courtroom 3 and . was " carried J out
by the ' bailiffs. //Inquiry ; developed V the'
information s that! she • and Mr. /Miller; have
been - , very ,> good > f rlends i ever : since / he
abandoned ; his 'better ; half ; in " Oakland.
/Judge s Fritz \u25a0*. imposed , a \u25a0 515 . fine on V: L:
,W. Gracco ,*? blacksmith '-\u25a0\u25a0 at :> 1443 S Market
street ;¥,who .'"was '( accused ,/ by 3 Mrs.V L.ldai
Pf aff lof 1 1461 '\u25a0$ Fifteenth}; street fof I having
"cruelly -beaten^ a. * horse.'/;; Mrs/jPfaffiwas
"passing Sbyl Graced' s" ] shop ' laat'i Wednes
day 4when ! she] saw^ hlml belabor I the j head
'nn.l vHorfv.-ror/the^horae^wlth a board.;//
Skirts: Extra Good News
\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 V.;. ': \u25a0-.- -- l -\u25a0- \u25a0..-\u25a0 ' "\u25a0 : " . \f
\u25a0 Ofgood late styles. ; . . •
And of prices that receive their full , meaning only when, you
seethe skirts. . , i
How splendidly they are made and of what good materials:
~ =^" But most of all you will notice
>S/T//?7" \u25a0""" their perfect fit and" 'hang: and
~ * +r &////P /I/fir \ \u25a0'. beauty.
vff >'OWM?m! 1 11 1 ft#i»ill The skirts mentioned here are
fimilll I ' siil °ny kc « to °p en the s atew^ f °
1 Mwttali ' i//If i i«BS I ot {ier splendid values on the sec-
II V JMBSI I'II II i Hl-l ond fioor ' Illltstrated in a win -
fttM / 7 /v i IBB! At $1 q^ is a i: -^° r , ed *£ i n or
I 111 l IBRKI J7«?.yC7. hard - wearing herrin^-
4PBf / 111 l lBWl'l"! bone cheviot. In brown and blue. mai?e
'mi Ijl I I \V>f'/H flne and full, with a pleat on each scum.
( r/ 1 111 I tW If A* «^ flfl- Is one ot -those sterling
\ // I 111 W « AI Woo itex skirts \u25a0of S ood
(f // 111 l H y mohair, box-pleated flounce, with three
*//§' lit I ;l\ bands of mohair at the top. Other styl M
/ M I / / \ \\\ A* <«5 CST. Full side-pleated mchair
S /// f /} U n V\ Al?OtOO. gkift, stitched pleats
Q~~7y v ff H * ' \ \V \. down to the hips, brown and black.
— ~ff II II h \ ¥r*^ At <T sfl. Another • Wooltex skirt
t^zdf-^L-^rL: Jk~^ : ~'^ Al^/.OU. made .of flne . p anam^
—^L-^--v_^^-----^>---^ suiting, 9-gored, pleated bottom, brown
.* . - - . ... and black. l *-^"*-'" '
First new fall suits hold open A F)qJ J RQr
hoiise^ every day this week, sec- < j6 inches m jointc jj un-
ondjloorjromgnllb. breakable, papier mache body,
• ~ wooden limbs, flne blsc head with
_ _ - _. ,->'\u25a0 sleeping eyes and curly hair; dressed
Silks at 65c lnfancychemlse -
Soft, rich messalines, change-
able effects/splendid qualities. Chin Ff £)tc 75Jr*
They're just a few days new to San 1 1« 13 * O\*
Francisco. As pretty silks as we can "A bio- Eastern store advprti<!^fl
suggest for waists or dresses; every , UI & li<l i> lcr " store aa\eniSea
good color. «5c yard. - \u2666 them as unusual at $1.00. "Chip
— has been remarkably scarce this
Tri.nlf 's/L&5 year."
1 t.UlllV *J7V»OC/ . Scarce things are what we like to
Another Hale trunk sale have b * st - These chip hats at Tsc are
.^.iiuuici ndie irunK saie. broad-brimmed sailor shapes. . Trim
Another Opportunity to buy a them with- some of our latest ow.l and
trunk and riav less fni- it Tt'«s n wln|: effe S t f and c how they "bright-
aim pay less ior It. It S a en up. and for so little. 73c. «
heavy canvas-covered Jtrunk, 34- —
inch .size..- hardwood cleats, protected rirnh/rr\i T?*,,i i,m,)r C/.^«. J
with 2G heayy brass bumpers, strong Drapery ' KemnailtS SCCOtld
clamps, strong straps, strong leather /;„__ ± n j .. '.' \u25a0 -
handles. It's a strong trunk all over. jtQOr.iO-aay. , .
$6.g 5, downstairs. ; ,
Drew unit baskets 65c — Telescope bas- gjr Jj^" /fy . J*m
kets some call them; shaped ilk* fim a
dress suit cases, ISx22, with straps /imr/Xv J*sm> Aim >^Sfc^^^s
and sewed handles. Handy and light /SV JffV <&a^ s&&*' v^B
for women to carry.: - .rW 1~-JL'1 ~- JL '
Hand natchels 23c — Of oxford rattan. tUMI
durable and handy. Other sizes 40c . - '" '
and 50c, downstairs. \u2666 * Market Street,' Near Sixth, S. F.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
MRS. HENRY HELD.— Mrs.. Isabella Henry
•was yesterday sent to the Detention Hospital
'under suspicion -tjf ins'anltyY'The Commission
ers will examine her this afternoon.
INSOLVENT MERCHANT.— A. C. Sangster.
a merchant of Trinidad, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $2300 and has $300
assets.
RUSSIAN SAILOR DESERTS.— Captain
Hallman of the Russian bark Pinnia obtained
a warrant yesterday from United States Com
missioner Heacock for the arrest of a deserter
from his »hlp. ; \u25a0 ...
OPPOSES MOVING SCHOOL TO PARK.—
fhe Western Addition Improvement Club • has
called a meeting for to-night at Fraklln Hall.
ISC9 Fillraore \u25a0 street, -to protest- against mov
ing the Lowell High School, situated on Sutter
street, between Guugh and Octavia. out to the
park.
OFFERS TO SELL LOT.— George Fogel yes
terday offered to sell to the city a lot on
Hayes street, near Franklin, as part of th«
"site for. the . now public library, for \u25a0 $15,125.
the appraised value. .There are out six pieces
of property remaining to be purchased In tho
block.
\u25a0* O'CONNOR MURDER CASE DISMISSED.—
The case of Frank O'Connor, a soldter. charged
with murder. ' was dismissed by Judze Cook
yesterday en motion of the District Attorney on
the ground that the evidence was insufficient
to convict. He was placed on trtal some
months | aso. tiut the ' Jury disagreed.
REAL ENTERS PLEA OF GUU/TT:—
Robert Real, driver of a milk wagon. pl*aded
Kuilty In Judge ' Cook's court yesterday to a
charge of crimlhal assault. \u25a0He will , be s;n
tenced on Saturday.- The assault.- was com
mitted upon-Ella Shepperd, 2*J3 Birch avenue,
on May 'JU. She was a- bookkeeper in the of
fice of the dairy. company that employed. Real.
STABBED IN SHOULDER AND HAND.—
Charles L. " Luna. . 2CC Octavia street, a clerk
for the San 'Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, reported to the police late .Tuesday night
that tp had been stabbed on the left shoulder
and hand by Loute de Laney. 759 Flllmore
street, at Pase and Octavia streets. He said
he would sw'iw to a warrant for De Laney's
arrest yesterday morning, but failed to do so.
TRASK GETS SIX MONTHS.— Grant Trask
was allowtd to withdraw his plea of guilty to
a charse of grand larceny in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and to plead guilty to petty
larceny. He was sentenced to six months \u25a0In
the County Jail. He grabbed a handful of
silver from Low Jung, a fish dealer in Fish
alley last May and was chased and captured.
He had just arrived from Los Angeles.
SAYS DRUMMER SOLD SAMPLES.—
Joseph ' Griesman. shirt njanufaeturer, 110
Montgomery street, obtained a warrant from
Police Judge • Conlan . yesterday for the ,arrest
of Curt Starkman on - a charge of felony era
bc-zzlenwnt. Griesman alleges that tn June
last he* employed Starkman as a . traveling
salesman and gave him $245 worth of samples,
which Starkman sold; in Lcs Anjeles.
FOUND ' GUILTY OF* ASSAULT.— Giovanni
Rossodlvita was tried before a Jury in Judse
Cook's court yesterday on- a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon and was convicted of
simple assault. He was. sentenced to pay a
fine of $150 with the alternative of seventy-five
days in the County Jail. He stabbed Ceasar
Tamagni. :U» Broadway, with a knife on
Febj vary 16. .
PLEADS GUILTY TO : BURGLARY.—Sal
vatlore Compagno pleaded guilty in Judge
Cook's court yesterday to a charge of burglary.
Owing to ' his youth and 'previous good char
acter sentence was suspended . and he was al
lowed to co on probation. • He was ordered to
report once every month for a year to Charles
Montgomery, probationary . officer." On the
night of February 27 he broKeTinto the store
! of Compagno & Co.. 524 Clay street.
PARTNERS QUARREL.— J.- A. English filed
suit 'yesterday to dlnsolve the partnership ex
isting between himself and C. F. Cooney under
the name of the Costa .. Rica Tea and Coffee
Company, doing business at lOCS Mission street.
English alleges that on the "24th lnst. Cooney
made the claim that he was sole proprietor of
the business and tried to sell a half interest
therein' to Annie .Weinsteln. English aska
that \u25a0 the : court • put \u25a0 him •In sole possession of
the business for the purpose of liquidation.
MUST DISCLOSE ACCOMPLICE'S NAME.—
Edward ' Jackson.- a 'boy. " appeared In Judge
Cook's court yesterday to have . his trial for
grand larceny set. An application was made
to allow the boy. if -he should plead guilty,
to \u25a0go on probation. The Judge said -he was
fcil^ng' to doeo If Jackson would disclose ths
name of his accomplice In •' the . crime.' The
boy refused and was. given till to-day to think
over the matter.. He and a man stole a gold
watch. and chain from Herman Borchert, 6SO
Howard street, en ArrilO.
Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid (or
blood) /and healthfully, stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters. •
BUILDING ' OI'ERATIOXS
I CO.VriXUE TO BE BRISK
Daring; the Flwnl Year 1904-05 the Sum
of $10,001,422 Wna Impended for
1 ~ Construction Operation*.
'. There" , were new, buildings pro
jected in June, last," aggregating in' cost
$1.631, 363,'Z and -72 alterations, /costing
$237.50»,.0r. a total of $1,869,197 for
building:/ f *'
r .-.The. number- of-; paid permits'. issued
and v estimated cost of/ .newAlbuildlngs
and.^alterations ;' for ';' the' ; *fiScal year
1904-05 Y was ;a s ' f ollowsr't "2249 new'
buildings. ;$17.450,792:Y 686 "alterations.
$1,640,630— t0ta1.* $19.09i;422.Y243S free
permit's s issued: in amounts "less than
$ 5 0 0, i $ 4 6 5,5 4^. "J^^^^^^SSSBSlfSm
In 1903-04 there , were 1756 new, build
ings ; erected,/ at a cost, of $13,553,427.'
and ;' 601 $2,030,031.
or/a total of "$15,559.458.
: The Y//- fees :'.'\u25a0: collected in _ : 1904-05
amounted^to,s23,BsC, against $21,339^50
,for:i9o3-04. :>.' ' '' V \u25a0 •' •
2 ] MURINK } EYE • REMEDY, cures ; Eyes ;
makes .Weak" Eyes Strong. 'Soothes Eye
Paia.- /Doesn'tj Smart. /. . . . • < *.J. J
PRESSMEN AGAIN SUED.— Payot. Uphajr
Sl Co. filed suit yesterday to restrain the Press
men a Union and allied ., organization* fron
picketing: the place of bustaess of the plain
tins and interfering with their employes.
U-N'BVAlAN.'preslueni and Manacer.:-
39 STOCKTON- ST.. JfEAR .M.iRKET
TELEPHONE 3IAIX' 5323.
Tou will find -our goods and price*- al-
ways right, whether going to or returning
from the country. Try us.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AM> SATUR-
DAY SPECIALS.
Creamery Butter. 1-lb. square. . . .25c
— -lb. square ...,3Oc
Strictly fancy; a great bargain.
Fresh Ranch Ears*, per dmta Me
Good size; best quaUty.
Royal Baklns Powder. 1-lb. can. .3Se
is-lb. ran .ZOe
Res.; 45c >nd 25c.
Ideal Ham.v per 1b. ........... .M!je
Reg. l(jijc. Guaranteed Eastern sugar
cured.
Helnts'H American Pickles, 'hot. . .13c
Chow, Mixed and Gherkin*. \u0084 .. ,<../>.*\u25a0,
Force. Z package-* 25c
p-*B- 15c pkj. v .. ,-,;.- \, ; i^*t
Mat* aroui,"^pashcttl and ' Vermicelli,
. iarse boxw. 35ct 5ma11. ....".'. . ,2Oc
Rej.. 40c and 25c. . , ,-f.i
BonelcuM Snrdtnen. per tin. . . .-. . . ,Uf>e
\u25a0 t-^ Res.'- 25c. In pure olive oil; large 'tins.
Inland Rice, per 1b. ........ . .'-. .. . ,5c
R*g. 7c. The kind that cooks lar?»"and
v white.; . ' \u25a0 i- j. s~ - "
Concent rated >onp«. 3 cans. . . : 1 . . .23c
dozen ". . . .", . .'. ".*. .;...'... .»Oc
'. Resr. . 10c can. SI 10 doz. Van. Camp's
• and Campbell's; full, assortment- "' \u25a0
Durkee's'^ Salad Dressing;, large bot-
tle. 40t-j \u25a0•mall "...... .23c
Res. ; 50c aod, COc. ~
Rnstxlan Caviar— V*.. >>4. tin>i
Special .' 2Oc. 35c. 00c
Keg. -sc, 10c and TOc. Genuine iniported.
Armour's Devllrd Chlckrn atfd Tur-
kfy, per can .. . ." 10c and 15<r
Res. -13c and 25c. - - :-V. "
O. K. Bourbon and Fine Old Rye. per
bottle. 73c: Sit lion y::. im
Reg. » I and $4. • Whiskies for your
medicine cUsst. -
Port and Sherry, but. 23e: 5a1.. 51.00
'Reg. asc and/ f1.50. W«tl «sed SWeet
. wines. .- . //• , - ," -/ : \u25a0 ;; " -•\u25a0"'*
White Wine, per ca110n ......... .40c
~^~ Uesr. 50c, Splendid 'substitute for tea
and coffee.
Pure Fruit Syrup*. <it. 35c: pt. . . .20e
\u25a0 Reg. 50« and 27>c. Grpnaillnc. Kaspberry
-. ' Strawberry. Pineapple. Vanilla.
tsso Reward
Woman
T n cf
JuV/kJl*' • • •
Her. teeth and her beauty, too. "W>
will pay \u25a0' $50 to any person who can
find better appearing or better qual-
ity, artificial teeth than we furni3h.
Our Plate Specialist operates on the
celebrated Dr. William* System of
American Dentistry. He makes each
and every case a particular study.- *
Our plates are warranted to give
perfect fit and satisfaction in all
cases. , V • •
Set of Teeth.. ..:.*3.00
Bridge Work.. ....52.50
Gold Cr0wn5"...; ...;.. 92.50
Fillings so
Painless Extraction or No Pay.
United Painless Dental- Go.
• The Dr. Williams Association)
51 THIRD ST^Xear Market.
Hours 9 a. \u25a0m.\u25a0 to 9 p. in.. Sundays.
0 to I. ,
1 . * \u25a0 - - '\u25a0 '
/flk Perfect Fitting feS
m eye yQ
liFSr- glasses -<f\ :
I. A Broken Censes * re. Of
Weak Men and Women^
<2 HOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THU
Great Mexican Remedy: *:ve« health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. $23 iUjiat-